Don't have wheels, either; I take the Metro-North. But we're 'sold out.' Who'd think everyone would want to go to prison? ;-)
#ThingsTwitterDoesntCareAbout , yo Grandmas Mommas best friend's aunt Betty's cat died.
In Beaune for 2 days! Drank a 2007 Chorey les Beaune from Tollot yesterday night. Went from good to magnificent in 30 min. I am a happy man!
It most definitely was. Hope everything at Club Albee is going great!
#youngkidsshouldbebannedfrom Disney World, LegoLand, and Six Flags. Those are only for adults now.
My friday night is complete. Thanks Austin.
I comment but no feuding here. Too cool for that.
Was just thinking about how I can do my part when i visit the beach this summer...cleaning up, NOT driving on the beach
credits only apply to new invoices - we'll contact you via support to discuss other options.
my girlfriend is cheating on me with a fighter, I bet I could whip his ass
Good luck!! :D RT : Interview tomorrow at monicals @ 4:30. I'm.PRAYING I get the job so I can leave my current one
The NY Times report that young people are watching more video online and less on TV. Will TV's be things of the past? Hmm.
I had no idea this many people were on a "random quote basis" with Miss Congeniality.
Some people think what we do isn't cool..so, do you want to be cool, or do you want to be rich?
He read your tweet and then went left. He would make a good Democrat.
You're amazingly cute :)
Reason why I need a car: I can go anywhere. Reason why I need a job: My own money!
if you aint there you aint nowhere!!!
I wil forever be one patriotic SOB. #MUR-CA #RedWhite&Blue
don't tell me happy mother's day. that's disrespectful.
hope you feel better!
Indeed! Thank you!
sounds fun. ENJOY!!
Were finally dating hahah
"Saying you're happy isn't the same as being happy."
I'm gonna say yes!
#DemonicDerek Fear is always near watch your back watch every corner you turn hahaha
Good morning and welcome to Chicago! RT : Breakfast burrito from ! Life is good.
Well get ready for another wild day
Getting excited to enjoy complex scenarios & live in the moment for tmrw's sesh w/ . . .
made the song #Boyfriend just for me!jelous ? JK
Support the artists performing at the Vintage Reggae Winter Fest and buy their music legally. Keep reggae alive!!
firehouse everyday!
Believe it or not, some folks here in #Milwaukee, WI, just felt an
I'd give you a great tip, though! ;)
Ha! Took my lunch break early for a rescheduled haircut :)
Is one more important when meaningless without the other? :) RT : "Imagination is more important than knowledge..." Einstein
Greg Osby should be performing on Channel 5 right about now! Check it out.
I've been rooting for the Capitals since the 70s. I'm a Maryland gal! BTW - I also like the Washington Nationals too!
Do you know how you want to be mad, but you can't be... Becuase things make sense ? Curse you logic !
Come in and check out our huge selection of 7 For All Mankind jeans!
#FF to everybody who's cool now let me enjoyed my holiday #420 thanx :-)
More than any other factor, vision affects the choices we make and the way we spend our time.
About to eat a Hot Pocket which is weird because I had no idea I was suicidal.
:( Sending prayers your way.
I wonder if USC professors have Twitters...
Not sleepy yet!
that is one of my top five all-time favorite covers.
NO MORE WHEELS' BIRTHDAY CRAP!.
Q2: What jobs not directly in #preservation are good ones for preservationists to consider?
"I dont care if the whole world collapsed around us; as long as we’re together I'll be fine."
Who We Scrappin?
software stabilization, for those of us that cant hold still
well, I can give it a try.... thanks....
God bless you as well, have a great day and life. InshaAllah
Yeah, I'd definitely have to have a pool if I live there. Swimming cools me for the entire day. :-)
We are hitting the studio to demo a few new songs in 2 weeks! Can't wait.
To love is one thing, to be loved is other thing, but to be loved by the one you love is everything.
#FF new followers thanks for the follow-much appreciated
"Free but snazzy" tool for making video tutorials: Jing. Raquel says hardest part of the tutorial she made was script writing.
So uhh... #giants won...and um...FUCK YEAH!
Game changer! Bring in Ronnie!!
Blustery 100 degree heat in liveable Austin. Hahaha. That's a laugh. Why are you idiots still moving here to join us idiots?
on that
I think there were more people at the gas station at 6am this morning than there are people who live in Potsdam.
Thanks guys! RT : Smokin' Hot Aces Mash Up Mondays featuring DJ Jeffery Thomas & special guests spinning rock & roll mash ups
We'd like to take a moment to remember all the victims of 9/11.
Is it just me? I can't see you racing today. What is your schedule? Thanks.
CUT THE CHECK
#night twitter <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Last day to get a FREE tall beverage when you buy a pound of Starbucks Tribute Blend or Starbucks VIA Tribute Blend!
do you go all the way to the top at Runyon?
That's two game 6s now decided by free throws in last seconds.
I can't hear you my eyes are closed.
#DanceMomsMiami is on good byyeee :-p
BOOKED ALASKA!
Planning a Wedding? Come talk to us at the #SLCBridalMall today and Saturday! #BridalBash Great Giveaways happening!
Follow our producer!
#LuckyTaco contains REAL luck of the Irish! The Irish folk turned into tacos weren't lucky
My senior year better be crazy.
“: #SorryNotSorry :P” haha. Definitely not sorry!
so maybe the finale made me a little misty-eyed. but i'm pretty sure it's just allergies.
Lately I've been feeling so sexy I'm gonna start walking like Giselle everywhere I go!!!!
playing the cheaper course but I've heard good things.
Homesick. For the first time in years that's not been induced by media or a missed event. Send the Black Hawk for a quick Sydney visit pls.
Q4 How can I keep myself focused on my #smallbiz goals?
S.Casper: "Just sent cast very rough first draft. So rough they should wear gloves while handling for fear of splinters."
“: dipping fries in a chocolate frosty >” <U+E00E> so good!
Congrats to all speakers and volunteers for an incredibly inspirational event!
Guests of Fox News of all things.
An attitude of gratitude creates blessings. Help yourself by helping others. You have the most powerful weapons on earth- love and prayer.
Bitch Ain gone detox
hey jeannie! yep, facial hair pendulum has swung the other way. :) how are you all doing?
Looking forward to #AAAEPHX conference tremendously!
Congrats, dude! i find myself in TN a bit since my wife from there. maybe i'll u one of these days.
-- well deserved!
I am listening to music!!!! Good to see you too
I declare the iOS Newstand to be the most useless icon in the history of the GUI
Another great photo shoot today, cold as heaven though! :)
How is it possible to feel this great? Looking forward to today and what it brings!
Dear Jesus, you died for our sins. You died for us. We love you. Thank you so much for everything you've done. You're amazing. :)
We will have live commentary from Adam Borders in LA at GLAAD Media Awards Use hastag
Rocket Power my nigga.
right this very second here at , Tony Peebles is about to blow the roof off this bitch. come help us hold it down.
Jus changed my profile pic but it made me look way darker than I am. *shrugs* oh well
ah, thats how works! thanks! .
y u mad sweetie???
I had no idea that was an actual term.
So quick bright things come to confusion
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one
Or, conversely, something built into the study of English (in my experience) on the college/graduate level that makes you a liberal?
Dancing, sampling, smelling the flowers but not taking the TIME to develop a system that leads to successful investing????? Success = system
Whitney's phone is dead but we're just leaving !
a lethal combo! RT : I need some ice cream cake and Tommy Wiseau! BELCH
I'm a little worried about being able to stay up that late...I'm like 80 years old these days.
That motorcycle just went by my extremely fast
RT “A brand is no longer what we tell the consumer it is – it is what consumers tell each other it is.” - Scott Cook
Follow Back ?
Prosecutor in #Zimmerman case was horrendous today; has he ever questionned a #witness before??? #whoa he was bad.
Thanks! You too, enjoy the sunshine!
Have you gotten an attagirl product recently? Post a pic of you in your gear and get a coupon code for your next purchase!
Getting Dessed because my aunt is addicted to the mall
why do you care if asks Belichick tough questions? Its not like a journalist will make Pats defense better.
Just posted my 2011 tour dates on my website. Also appearing with former KORN guitarist "Head" in Kentucky on August 28th. All on Facebook
Kicking off Hope Hall's senior picture week with a shoot at 7:00!
so glad she's out !!
Secret practice session on an empty stage somewhere in Huntsville! Find me if you can and win a free slurpie!! ;)
Trying a new approach to removing myself from French-Canadian mailing lists: Replying in French with "S'il vous plaît, arretez maintenant."
what the crap are you saying
Fly higher. Birds if a feather...
Anytime bro. Let me know when its good for you and we can work something out. The track is gonna be mixed ridiculously.
Devon Bookert to Florida State
Thomas Carlyle A good general not only sees the way to victory; he also knows when victory is impossible
so heart broken over the David Ortiz news. He is my favorite player.
I helped a local chapter association decorate a homelss shelter for kids 12-17. I hope they find something to smile about.
The Cedars social... St. Ann's... Venturing out tonight! Great girls night!
Oh right! Thanks for reminding me. I need to take photos of the work I did. That might not be for a few more weeks.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LUHAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU'RE JUST THE CUTEST THING EVER!
the weekend goes by too fast
mimba.tv making great progress :) Audio module almost ready for public beta!
Now just needs to get connected with and that would be fucking awesome.
I finally completed Max interval training!!!!
Quest labs reported an alarming jump in positive heroin tests in the workplace. Quest used an oral test that was more accurate.
I believe you can be a starter bro. You've got the talent and you're a true cowboy. Let's fucken go!
bro find out so we can go all out when you get here
Merry Christmas!
thanks for playin both!! Nice move!!
Please send our congrats!! So happy to have her! RT My daughter has been accepted! Transferring from UK this fall.
AIl I heard was good music, gainseville and beer. SOLD
Pretend you're Molly Ringwald with her binto box of sushi
Damn it sucks to be a marlins fan
Not sure what it is about the days of awe and the Hagim, but I am so chronologically displaced these days~ apologizes
That cartoon completely tacky & shows that people are continuing to slander Sandra Fluke.
Happy Easter everyone! Hope you enjoy some craft brews with dinner. By the way Troegenator goes great with Ham!
listen to music slight work on repeAt
Nat' Director Lee Miller's oldest sister suffered a dual brain aneurysm yesterday & had immediate surgery. Please them in your prayers.
bitch ass mother fucker.
For the beer guys and gals out there we now have collaborative effort with Chef Morimoto. Both the Black and regular Soba Ale.
For real??
I blame Joe Block
I'm on my way in now. I'll search for him and treat him with the utmost respect.
so follow me back so i can dm u please .
writing out the charts for my gospel class next month @ TheCollective.....POOF!!!!!
will computer catch-up work from holidays ever end?
Thanks for being our fan! Which model do you have?
Thanks for falling asleep on me, now I'll just read a book.
Life boats--"well judgeing by the trajectury of the sun and the moon I would say at the bottom of the ocean I bit lots of holes in them :)"
Couldn't make it to the game due to the snow but SO proud of my team. You all played like the Western Conference Champs you are!
Heat not a distance runner's friend - 80s tomorrow in Boston
On my way to the Lower Eastern Shore Heritage Council Annual Meeting and Awards luncheon!
thanks! You are coming?
He's so disgusting.
Not necessarily, but she's loved in this house. Name is Old Norse, means "rebirth" or "new day."
she's good at that. I need to call her. struggling with something
Made it to Austin an hour or two ago. What a rush! On the bus back to Houston.
Seriously? They won't eat quinoa?
Crush a bit, lil bit, roll it up, take a hit & f*ck the bullsh*t
#LiveGive im back thought my kiddo was cryin!
That wasn't a home run. Would have hit top of wall. Probably a double.
Everyone from Alvarez to Sweeney say they were shocked by the allegations.
Planning a #Thanksgiving meal? Traveling for the holidays? Remember to use your Kroger Gift Card when shopping or at Shell for gas
follow back?
Richard Jefferson: Out Saturday with Knee Injury
!! > RT : Another great Christmas with family in the books! Now the countdown to at for NYE!
Hollywood Undead. Fit for rivals. Flyleaf. Green Day. Three days grace. Emery. Deadmau5. Skrillex. Pendulu. The prodigy. Tyga. Eminem.
A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.
sourpuss..I'll say it for them..Good morning
Warm weather + last day of #SpringBreak = screaming #neighborhood kids.
This time Misty tweeted arbitrary, dictatorial, domineering, and imperious architecture, sculpture, painting, and poetry
Cooking up dinner & dessert with my girls
If Twitter and Facebook merge - Twacebook. What wabbit?
can't wait to meet you!
My baby mommas momma loves me..
Writing a paper on sex offenders and watched 's "Our America" as a reference. She is an inspiring interviewer!
you've earned your name here with that amazing collection of tunes!
the pace is picking up now that it's getting closer.
Waiting on my Mare to deliver Foal. Was carrying twins. Fingers Crossed. One in ten thousand Successful births. Snowing in KC now.
perfect weather to #slide:))
On 4/1? That could be lots of fun. RT : do it up tonight! Our #ADDYs is next Friday in
I don't wanna get up...
yes, tomorrow! it's on my calendar :D
You're welcome Charlie. You rock!
Which preorder are you stacking your pennies for this week? #radiohead #thekingoflimbs or #thestrokes #angles ?
that i know. i don't support them. I can't stop admiring the courage of YSR. Atleast TRS didn't dare overact under his rule
Exactly Can you imagine how little NHL they'd actually show if ESPN had the contract? Not to mention the piece.
Hang in there Deion. Your being tested. It will all be brought under the light. Stay strong!
Issue has been resolved with picture uploads! Apologies for the inconvenience!
Just 3 more hours to go
#SanDiego ladies get at me for #beerpong party!! Contact my team to enter the tournament.
Will someone brush my teeth for me so I can go to bed?
NO IM PROUD OF WHERE I CAME FROM..jk kay
Just lettin' you folks know that the stores that sold out of the vinyl are now restocked.
My kingdom for strong coffee right now. Damn sleep fairies let me down again.
IN THE THEATER OH MY GOD. FREAKING OUT HERE.
Wow is this for real? Lebrob hitting clutch shots? Holy fuck. The world is ending. Hahagaga
yeah Vin you really need to get going on that surprise hahahah
#RAZRMAXX Extra battery life? I'd paint the town MAXXimum red without stopping to juice up!
Had a gud day things r lookin up improving everydau
Mr. Smith is dressed like a hippy!! He looks funny!
Just got so pumped about taking my brother to see his favorite band, RHCP, this June as a grad present- too bad he'll be in Italy. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> poop.
were you at?
Yeah cuz these chicks need your help
So excited about my new mixtape. Today I am taking the time to promote it in the streets. I hope its not to wet outside..
Over-stimulation can cause #insomnia. Take away all distractions from the bedroom & practice aromatherapy to create a peaceful environment.
OKAY RT : "Let me show you how your pussy works!"
House Party Tip: Make sure you know EVERYONE who comes into your house, and have someone stand at the door to control who enters
I'mma laugh in my kitchen. And then make some chorizo and eggs with lots of cheese. And a pitcher of mimosas.
Fact: Pizza tastes better (and has fewer calories) when you share the "bones" with your dogs.
bring me cats and I'll let you take the couch! No job just school for me now. An internship will hopefully appear soon!
I <3 puma
Let the #leftovers begin!
Cool :P
YES IT SHOULD.
Oh my God, I want to get an iPhone now just for this case!
everything on this episode> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Gotta love Hofer. Such a good guy :)
Day #1: Three coffees, soda, a giant red bull and blood pressure fairly normal...
Lmao!! That was genius! ;)
Don't miss Spring Awakening! Use promotional code "BELIEVE" to get 40% off tonight's show! unmtickets.com
damn the dancers on abdc are good af
hee, it's like a snuff photo. You're next, buddy! Have you tried their cherry porter? it's not portery at all, but is great.
Huh. Where does one buy steel-toed boots? needs them by tomorrow, so can't be online...Kohl's? Home Depot?
More people die from food poisoning, starvation & obesity than tornadoes, tsunamis & earthquakes. God takes better care of us than we do.
Wish I was jst doing photography full time. It's gonna happen by this next year. Thats a promise to myself & everyone who reads this! Lol
How r u a libertarian? Against gay marriage & ppl's rights but 4 expanding govt w/ full time salary positions. Makes no sense
Thanks to Willy's Mexicana Grill & Mellow Mushroom of Brookhaven for providing Open Arms dinner tonight.
This is probably stupid to everyone else but tomorrow is 5 months with
I've been getting every red light.
are you @ the bus stop ??
tell me about it sheesh RT: already bored of this whole summer nothing to do thing"
so mr sawa, do u believe in ghosts?? ever wanted to go on a ghost hunt??
Triton Report: Diving, Volleyball and More - San Clemente Times
Lol I know you do! I'll keep you posted so you can get urself a flight out here :)
Trust me, he will.
your tweets today,as usual, have cracked me up!
thanks aubrey!
What is needed, for progress to be made is the move based on the error. -Lewsis Thomas, The Medusa and the Snail.
Derrick Rose may return in early Feburary.
I love garlic fries. Also, I am vampire-proof. Go #SFGiants!
oh I'm sure it was - gotta love Monday mornings
LOL.. RT I hope Ron Artest starts a brawl in the Denver audience tonight.
Doesn't cover lost handsets, does it?
so much disaster research focuses on planning and mitigation but overlooks the human side of preparedness and recovery
The entire #Memphis airport smells like BBQ
where at?
... i'm not surprised haha! You and your Squatch watchers lol
Working on a mini stock pile of goods!! Just in case...
For you? Any time.
Congrats to and all my TinT friends for the N'Awleans marathon!
my mom tryna get me fired and take my job
geeking out on the new macbook pro =) any necessary apps i should get down on?
Be safe!!
i got alot on my mind about 12,798,676 things running through my mind right now
haha well lets hope so!
Practice tonight and not in the mood for the little kids energy -__-
Happy Repeal Day! On this day in 1933, Americans were able to purchase alcohol legally for the first time in 13 years. Cheers!
Thought: My life is chronicled on the internet. dA has poetry from when I was 13, fb has all of college, LJ has middle and high school...
Aw yeah! Gotta love #dubstep <U+2665>
she rollin weed and she don't even smoke
Congrats if u guessed Charbonneau- enjoy $10 driving! (4 the record, we also think there should be a car named "on a beach run", )
Yup...watching the #bucks clinch a playoff spot.
1 hour delay due to dining car issue taking longer :-( conversations in lounge getting louder & irritating - need my roomette
Brody moving on to the Anti-Design Festival - created in reaction against the "if it won't sell it won't get made" mindset
hahaha! That would happen in our house, too!
Noah's Ark spotted traveling down I-5...Bruce has dry days in forecast....yeah!
how is the 30th?
Session Available! Gas Works Park - Friday, September 16th between 10am - 3pm. This is a TFCD photo shoot. You decide the wardrobe.
READ MY BIO FOR A FOLLOW BACK
I am just starting my own blog and could use some advice on content and getting people to actually read it! Keep in touch!
HUGE SHOW ON FRIDAY!!! Come out!
doing laundry...oh joy...Not!!!
Who's going to be the new coach. @ Binghamton , wow what timing....
Congratulations Jesmyn Ward (symposium 2009) whose novel Salvage the Bones comes out this month.
I'm a big fan of people () who really know what they're talking about!
"There are persons who, when they cease to shock us, cease to interest us."
that's definitely true
slide through like a nigga need a big cup of some lean nina on my hip hit a nigga in his spleen
"Many Waters/Many Floods" is only $4.99 on iTunes. If you have any friends looking for new music, tell them to pick it up.
no that's actually how it goes...
have a great day
Whos line is it anyway and catching up with > sleeping
In history, trying to study for Spanish. Twitter keeps interrupting me!
chillen brozay - same ol grind - sup with you?
Eco design pioneer Barbara Dornbush speaking June 17 11:30AM at Verde Home in Westside. Topic: Stylish green choices: A french perspective.
Ima MSG you my number
Yup...I would have benched Wade last night too. There was no point in having him on that court last night.
Looking forward to officially welcoming BYU & Tulsa tonight at our Team Announcement Party!
People who tweet about their every move. "I just took 20 steps. I'm hungry. I just poured myself some 2% milk." TAKE A BREAK!!!
idk yet but I'll let I know
We have a winner! Thanks for playing our third anniversary trivia. #OpFeed RT : Carrots, potatoes and onions?
The thoughtful came home with a SBux hot chocolate & Valentines cookie for me. So thankful for him & the little things. <333
RT : Nuggets join Thunder in teams interesting in Grizz center Hasheem Thabeet, sources say.
RT : If you're not dreaming bigger today you're getting smaller today.
Just found a hacky sack in my closet. Made my fuckin day lmao
ok thanks
Thank You Sir
and the weather is great for your special day!
Hit Mike Jones up on the low / cause Mike Jones about to blow! RT 281-330-8004
Made it back to LA!! Big shout out to all our new friends and fans made along the way! U all made this Tour a great success! See u soon
Topics I can live without over the next month: 1. Penn State 2. Laurent Robinson Q's! 3. Jackie Battle Q's
Final book manuscript submitted to publisher! Woot Woot!
she a creep unfollow her
Why pre-draft for Network? CBS not trying to promo ABC (ESPN), they want to capitalize on buzz & leverage reps
I feel that with passion. Follow back
#i hate when bitches talk shit but cant back it up
With and and the rest of the choir heading to River Gate Mall:)) We got a Superior trophy;)
Ugh JLo next week? It'll be like Madonna week all over again, one crew will get the only good song.
I know that LA people can't just sit by the Silver Lake Reservoir all day every day. Know that I am doing it for you, and you're welcome.
Homeless guy to nobody: "shut your mouth kid before I GD f you up." Me: "damn right."
thanks for the RTs!
To study abroad for +10g's or not to study abroad for +10g's
And the Ruby on Rails book by Patrick Lenz is great too. I have it open on my desk right now.
The awkmoment when your walking and texting and you see someone's shadow in the corner of your eye and you FLIPOUT just from being startled!
Cut me a check!!!!
- I Loved You in "Happythankyoumoreplease", and look forward to seeing more great work from you!
This is how I feel...
except that he runs slower than a baby crawls
Working until 8, then 11-2, spending time with Melissa before back to work for 10
“In developed countries, there is a burgeoning interest in teaching healthcare management,” says Herzlinger a Harvard Business School
HA! More like a stick of gum. :D I didn't invest though. ;)
Small victory: adding an item to our "Manuscript of the Month" page in Cold fusion!
“: Its a Secret Society All We Ask is Trust...” & Loyalty
Please DM me whom I should be aware of? ty
You my nigga but u gotta stop tryna violate Wade and bron lol
I'm finally over you.........I wish
I swear I think about #Success everyday
omg was it your 18th birthday???
Cristiano Ronaldo scores again in the final minute to make it Madrid 4 -1 CSKA Moscow
so ive got an 80% for my presentation not what i expected but hm not bad....
and I'm eating a breakfast sandwich and CHIPS!!
TY for the #FF mention and for being such a great supporter of your B!
Hello. Milwaukee starting to warm up. Rainy today.
Why didn't he layup with his left hand?
Game7. Our House. Bring your whiney ass Neil.
Luck been on my side real talk
Hey, I'd uh, take offense to that... if it weren't true.
One occupy member just offered council member dan besse a packet of grass seed to fix city hall lawn after they leave.
Oops loan
pssssht. Amateurs. I usually just burn mine in the barrel in my back yard.
glad they could figure it out for you! Sorry about that!
Rondo gettin up there and then he got swatted haha
Philharmonic last night, class with The Savvy Actor today! It is going to be a great weekend.
that's so sad!!
Okay Thursday, I'm sufficiently now caffeinated. Let's do this.
Super! We have a song on our to do list called Shaman!
Peyton I'm pretty sure they need another white boy..
watching the baseball game, eh? good move. btw, my Wings also lost today so I'm not happy either...
Hi! Quick question: how long does it take to un-suspend a Twitter acct? Sent ticket yesterday. Thnx!
can take you
Warning: this is hard (at least me being a guy) to watch.
save me some passsssghetttttttti!!!!!!
*hugs and prayers* for both of you.
thanks for the follow Danny.
Excited to tour Hoffman York with , , , ,
mdlbphyc Thanks for the RTs about the National Transition Conference.
#music (: Her songs are so inspiring<3
i hope everybody had a great easter !!!!! :-)
Glad you like Online Check-In. We appreciate your business.
I had to scrub off my makeup with a washcloth tonight cause I 4got my makeup remover at 's D; My face hurts now.
NEXT SHOW: Rookie of the Year w/ Mechanical Kids, Juneau, & Tyler Herrick! December 21st at Coffee House in downtown Madison!
I been listening to born and raised all day such a great album
You have another hour and 13 minutes to adjust you attitude today! ATTITUDE ADJUSTMENT HOUR: 3-6 TUE-SAT $1.00 off all drinks -1/2 off apps!
let's meet for an interview for in LA message me
nigga I was there lol the one with like 10 vending machine right ?
Austin is one of the nicest people. He just has the biggest heart.
just used my giftcard! Thanks so much!
Had a great time at the Downward Dog with some fellow librarians
omgawd it like everyday i hve to read on fcbk ''Well , Good Morning Cuties ; ) <U+2665>'' like u say tha everyday '' Well buenos dia CABRON'' -_-
The odds of me watching #Americasgottalent is about the same as becoming a #bears fan
Joyeux Bastille Day! Get over here and enjoy our all day happy hour.
watching giuliana and bill and all this cancer talk is hitting so close to home.
Phoenix Marketing International joins other #financial services firms as a corporate sponsor for Oct 24th Network 4 a Cause
Cub's baby is two-ah!!
Sitting at a desk all day can cause lower and upper back and neck pain, hip pain, poor balance, and make you more prone to heart disease
Damn I forget about midterms everytime!
Nets done in NJ, ending a lifetime of ignoring them despite living 15 minutes from the stadium. Will have to take subway to ignore them now.
Are you coming out to your alma mater for a game this year? Better see you out here for OU game next yr
If it was easy, everyone would do it
I should have just RT'd everything SGR said.
wtf happened to twitter
well that's great!!!!!! lol
American Born Chinese by Gene Yang // Laugh-out-loud funny, inventive, plays with stereotypes & multiculturalism. Damn good!
Use Code RUSHPRINT for 10% discount on all printing @ www.Rushflyerprinting.com
Going home tomorrow to Vancouver, WA for a brief engagement. March 10 is my birthday and it's my granpa's too.
Sometimes I like to go onto Yahoo answers and let young teenagers know that you can't get pregnant if the girl is on top.
What! That sounds like the best kind of trip.
Heyy! How was the pool? I ended up catching up with an old friend today.
So long as you're still the same person I feel for, my feelings will never change.
Kid at on the border tried to show a fake Id, his downfall? Wearing a "coppell high school class of 2011" hoodie. Smh...
Momma's day is tomorrow. Do something nice for
Happy birthday T Gwynn, and many more!
You suck now
What do you mean?
Getting a LOT of callers asking about the circumference of the hot tamale bowl :( sorry, guys and gals.
All the luck in da world in the #BetterWithUTour! Love ya.
Q.) What's the difference between a writer and a 12=slice pizza? A.) A 12-slice pizza can feed a family of four.
Uhm Wow!.. you look Fantastic! :D ..just had to say that again:)
Getting the heart and the mind on the same page is a challenge; the heart, the mind AND the body? A hopeless cause.
Shut up Jon, I'm gonna come over there and kick your ass! I have been snorting cocaine and doing bicep curls all day to prepare
lol im just used to long walks, I guess. The heat isn't gonna be pleasant though
Know what's good? Marinate hot dogs in beer, then coat w/cornbread batter, then fry.
At the end of drinks my boss shakes my hand. ".. Breast Cancer" I realize it was money, slaps me, "Don't argue, just do it. Good luck."
watching your song Calling All The Monster nice video
Its called a brush
yup im pregnant cause i wear hoddies everyday. NO, shut the fuck up. stay outta my life. FUCK RUMORS,
you should call me on skype
Shit, just as I thought you had mother fucking changed, you throw this in my face. Douche Bag, get hit by a fucking bus.!
Can officially say follows me!!!!
We continue to strive for excellence in everything we do
omg really!!! Cool!
It's hard to say if there is any value in the direct message service of Twitter.. ::contemplates::
I suppose its totally coincidental that I repotted my plants on #EarthDay?
Thanks for the RT's! Hope you're having a great Monday.
Need to get my twitter game up
It appears that Gene Simmons and Shannon Tweed are now officially married. I hope he doesn't cheat on her.
The are moving to the AL West in 2013!! Can't tell if that'll help or not? Probably not!
maybe u have the wrong flavor tea LMAO! what up fam
;) RT : Sometimes all you need is a little to pump you up in the morning.
The game is on TV in #PDX! Thank the baby Jesus in his tiny little manger. Go Halos!
A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself. Josh Billings
with my favorite colombian girl !
A tent equal sleep not no damn Cons Chey if that's the case why are we still together!!
no no no not yet, that's just to record in Atlanta
Thank you suzette!
I think you ask both "How did you feel" artists should be able to get feedback don't need ask if it "works"
Wow, Believe You Can!
oh. Keep scrolling. beautiful! What a treasure.
thank u sir
Oh yea!! Me and got that DosEquis on deck
and there's the popular you tube video "black and Jewish" sung to the same tune!!
a lot of people are, it seems like its just a crap shoot right now, keep checking in and shouting
doesn't matter you're there so its caliente ;D
Teacup pigs are out. It's all about pygmy goats. -
Thanks for the follow...got some dope tees!
Omg it is so friking hot out right now
Hey funny woman. Look forward to seeing you on Sunday!
The best feeling in the world! “: I'm a mommy! Calla Marjorie was born at 11:01am. She is in my arms now. Photos later!”
RT : He who has tact has less to retract.
Being filled with the presence of God give you energy that no cup of coffee or healthy meal can give you!
RT Feels like the most crowded a Super Bowl city has been on a Tuesday.. Can't imagine what I'll be like Friday, Saturday, Sun
Girl you know they random as hell...this was yesterday as I was wlkn to the dollar store ...lol
How is it when you take two people who are in love and make them one in marriage that the whole is greater than the parts?
The Real [FAKE] Housewives of Mexico City: It's the greatest spin-off show never conceived ... "The Real Housewives of Mexico City" -...
love this!
My first opportunity to post this but our auditions (Misty and I) were sent off earlier today for Army Wives. *fingers crossed*
laugh when I do something funny... Like get drunk enough to think about voting for
A best friend should love you like a mother, protect you like a father, talk to you like a sister, and fight with you like a brother.<U+2665>
lol really? :O
Loving tonight's thoughts from & Great mix of perspective, hope, anger & defiance. Is it tomorrow yet?
Beat his ass Puck.
Everything is going to be different this year...
Still in shock over that goal call. Regardless, big win. #NYR #NYY keep winning.
The lion that roars in the MGM logo is named Volney.
Oh, never mind, just on my Hootsuite. Weird.
Thank you!
Ha are from the West Side too!
First full day in my new house in Orlando!!!!! I love it so much!!!!!! So big! I love my mom, she has done so much for me!!! <3 u mom!!!
it will be great. Look for me in the movie.
Yep he stopped by work to give them to me. You don't get any!!!! ;)
Since you're sharing, video later? YouTube? YouP...?
#RavenNation is just devastated today...we all love Sizzle and we are looking at anything to boost morale
All that mammal gland stuff must have a whale of a mammalian attraction. This came to me in a flash!
#duh,winning xD
Newt dropping out Tuesday? That's $280000 more in Secret Service protection from taxpayers. Thanks Mr fiscal conservative.
Im Done Dealing with Certain Individuals
Thanks. That doesn't count the two invites I've already gotten and the two I went to in April.
Here's to peace and comfort to those in reflective mourning today; those touched personally and those with national spirit!
We're on our way to District 38 in New Jersey to do one last push before Election Day!
Social media causes what is referred to as FOMO -- The fear of missing out
Close by - Grafton!
I would really like to see Dane Cook in a pair of Chuck Norris Action Jeans.
If I take time out of my schedule for u...then ur pretty important
Taking a few hours to just chill out. It's so important to nourish yourself even when you think that there's no time.
oh yeah true
"Voldemort's mouth looks like my grandma after she takes her dentures out..." ROTFLMAO.
Singh/Pepsi: "Currently little incentive for brands/agencies to plan via agile mktg. Requires transparency"
Shower,then bed!!(: don't want to go to school tomorrow!/:
what? where?
Continue to help us raise initial funds, buy raffle tickets, now...$1!!!! All funding has come from Coleman and Grayson's personal accounts
Tks for the follow.
any time. Ha
Lord i give myself away so you can use me
umm , did just call you !
I wake up & check NBA.com and I see that Deron Williams has been traded to the Nets. Is this real life?
Happy new year
u said load
Writing new tunes!
Yep, sorry guys! Stickam isn't loading. We'll try to be back soon!
at 1st u weren't my fav but I have 2 say u were right abt every1 & r so strong , def love u now ! And of course :)
preach it
lol yea that shit is true we fucked niggas up for real. Those was the good ol days lol
. is stoked! RT Great lineup for Data Business Meetup tonight! in the house!
even tho you give me headaches <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> I still love you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
we could of had it all... well, maybe 75 percent.
eating fast food and processed food is usually more expensive than making your own.
Play them one of our songs..... That will say it all ;)
done and done!
following #startupriot on twitter. looking for interesting companies, people, etc. any recommendations?
Don't b fake and you will find that someone
its early. my hormones jumping off the walls right now at work
Not right now thought
Loaded Coronas? Lol
I know but keep trying
Bye-bye Twitter. Hello Facebook! ^.^
Mike was the man
totally with you on that one! Boo
and In the morning, i conquer
Me and Kyle Frazier boutta paint Lubbock red!
I'll talk to the head honcho (Mr. D) tomorrow and see what he thinks!
Bubba Watson's shot was amazing, one of thet best shots to go down in history to win
yeah. But hey ima go to sleep bro. Have goodnight. Peace
I am an intern. I've been at goddard since 08. What project do you work on? I work on giovanni @ the ges disc
That was the type of 3rd quarter that was the trademark of the 2008 Celtics.
HELP THIS MAN OUT!
Thanks Josh! We're pumped. It's going to be a big year. Psyched to have you involved to get it right.
you like them too! woo woo
Oh boy <3
So my friend Justin is asking why you liked his comment. There's a very convoluted discussion about this right now...
I can feel the ocean breeze through the screen.
Michael Jackson
good luck with your race!
Way to go, #DrStevenZeitels at , for saving 's voice. 's singers are so lucky to have you!
Ha! Yes! That totally makes me want to like your page!
#why is there a bird in our class room.?!(;
Finally! Two down at once. Nap time!
That's a hot dress.
T-minus 2 days for ICTC's Class of 2014 application deadline!!
We appreciate all the love!
V.I.P poppin' bottles do it B.I.G
I Cried When Will Smith had to kill his dog in I Am Legend
No but I hope to soon - how is it? :D Looks beautiful!
A BIG Happy Birthday to my best buddy have a great one
Gorgeous photo!!!
We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope
Working with the awesome crew today for an shoot! Stay tuned for more details when we launch in May!
I hate to break it to you...but we took that turn a LONG time ago
Offended? I took it as a compliment.
wow -- that didn't even make sense to me. how did nyjer get home so fast?
I wish i can have a evil alian cat(:
I wonder is there a street dude that's crazy enough to buy the Bently Truck! Dam! somebody's are going to pull it! i might SMH!
Going to chill at Adrianas casa tonight. I haven't seen my bff in forever lol
Good Luck Golden Bulls
Benefit Concert for Japan on 03/22, 7PM @ PSU Lincoln Hall. Free Admission, donations accepted for Mercy Corps. Ft. Portland Taiko & More!
Thanks! We'll check you guys out next time we need some furniture!
#MLB Baseball team Cincinnati Reds staying at Mayflower hotel in Farragut North #DC - playing #Nationals tomorrow night.
Anybody have any good cherry recipes to share?
Jack will be the counselor of the week, every week. I can't wait to visit you in NYC the Boston to NYC is cheap!
Gabe told me not to give up so I wnt
Opportunity+Setbacks+Perseverance=Success
Conquered the commuter bus today.
Blatant shoulder-to-head hit by Giroux. He'll be getting a call from Shanahan, definitely.
Do Yall Know What Spot In Bham Got The MayWeather Fight Going Tomoro Night?????
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that. ~Mark Twain
That takes some dedication to start writing at 19 like that! What is your HBO pilot in the works?
I love my kids so much. For them, I would lie, cheat, steal, or kill. Except the last 4.
im workinnnn on it
not saying I agree or disagree, this is what Bo has said about transferring in the past.
ha! Not this weekend...
Watching The Lion King <3 <3
Beers on the screened-in-porch.
actually we can hook up b4 the reception bc all my work must be up by July 1st! Thx 4 the support!
I loved the first season, can't wait for the next!
#Tebow to GreenBay? We do need a Running Back ha ha. But seriously can you imagine how good he could become under #Rodgers Tutelage?
What country leads one to be Moluccan?
Perhaps there's a reason beyond being upset that he's transferring. Then again, perhaps not.
ha! Reason prevails :-)
"Memory is a way of holding on to the things you love, The things you are, the things you never want to lose."
hahahha smokings bad for you anyway!
We are workin' on it Jeremy! Hope to have it to our OH moonshiners by Summer 2012! Shine responsibly!
I'm single but I'm always giving my friend's relationships advice.
this paper needs to write it self because me mind no longer wants to!
Edward Lewis at #sdsms says that he feels Facebook is dead compared to Twitter... What do you think? Rt to let us know...
We should trend something for Ariana. Any ideas?<U+2665>
Every time the Rabbi said the word God today, I kept wanting to yell "Name Of The Creator!" Seriously.
"We are all here for some special reason. Stop being a prisoner of your past. Become the architect of your future." -Robin Sharma via NP
8.6 on the richter scale is a big earthquake
New Follower heyy boy hey
It's not "misuse" of language if in a writer's voice, to their purpose
yeah. I don't know if I should avoid the area when I move or put it at the top of the list.
Blah going to bed.
Nathan Ryan<3 follow me?(:
#nowfollowing ..... follow back
We are real people. :P Also, now that all the videos are uploaded, feel free to check it out!
Sitting here watching the playoffs....
I know! Im just so....SO JEALOUS!!... I wish you could get his autograph for me if he was there this year!
Roll Out Of Bed Perfect... So I Know It's Real;)
Yea, get that color bro females feel it!! I got a fresh ass shirt that color!!
"Education is when you read the fine print; experience is what you get when you don't." Pete Seeger
Wise & knowledgeable people never define themselves by the accoutrements, trappings, or characteristics of a particular social class!
he's clearly better than last year how can that be disappointing?
Ah better write me back )':
dunno s nole looks very sharp. Pico is in some deep doodoo I think.
Sorry about that! Pls try my other tweet: "Life's Insatiable Hunger..."
If these homophobic politicians really wanted to protect marriage they would fight against divorce rather than gay marriage.
Santorum Runs From Record on Fannie, Freddie Housing Goals
Theres a person on instagram pretending to b Niall saying he is dating this girl. I just want to RIP THEIR FACE OFF! Posers are my
Was momentarily excited to see a new primetime show with ted allen until I realized that it was actually tim allen
Dump her on her head, bro.....
I really like the Weary Traveler. Nice to be back in Madison.
yay I'm sick of seeing and hearing one direction and I don't even like one direction either
Love life,engage in it,give it all you've got. Love it with a passion,because life truly does give back,many times over,what you put into it
#iowa picks corn, #new hampshire picks
Want to be inspired? Go to an art museum or art gallery. Then just look. Take your time. Prepare to be inspired!
Impromptu Tuesday night fun night water
Are you looking in a specific area of SEA? We're not part of RW but we'd love to have you!
why aren't you famous yet??
Social media will fade into a seamless integration of communication tools embedded around us.
And I'm just a toy to you.
Although lacking defense this #RoseBowl game is much more interesting than LSU-Bama round one. That game was an SEC stinker.
<3 the quote you emphasized: “the problem the player is asked to solve should be difficult, interesting, & even addicting.”
yes please! Thanks!
Top marketing word "smart!" Goggle it and see how smart I am!
I hate after drawing for over an hour ... I reaffirm with myself that I don't like my "style"... Try again tomorrow :/
Can you come to the event tonight? #GGHH tonight! 's! see you soon!
not exactly an "upgrade" RT : Life's been a blur this year, but didn't I just upgrade to Firefox 4 a few weeks ago?
Tell your hubby that I know he's been sleeping in Satan's bed.
I'm done with football lol
it was amazing to sleep for 11 hours :)
ah, f'real! lotsa blackbeard in my diet recently, and just found the dope janet kay LP on saturday
Phil Collins comes on the moment I enter this thrift store.
Thanks! RT : ..... Wishing you all best as you start your #Whole30!
New twitter account :) will be beginning to use this more :)
happy mothers day everyone!
I love it. Especially when you check in on that bridge. And b/c I like knowing where you are at all times.
we're happy that you're excited! :)
very well played sir!!! He will be a raider in a year
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely.~Buddha
If the don't have a "closer" then what do you call ?
After sex tell your girlfriend you got your baby mama pregnant
: At least we agree on the Yanks! :)
Forget Groundhog Day tomorrow, I declare today Giraffe Day and spring is here in B-TOWN!
Thanks for the good rec to tweet about our use of biodegradable corn-based forks at tonight's class mtg.
everyone keeps saying that ctfu but i love it!! Its my new tat idea!!!!!
Time for me to get back to my to do list! ;) What new goal / task have you set for yourself this week?
Reading Eliot's "Four Quartets" in memory of Theo Angelopoulos. "In my end is my beginning."
Screw the law we just some mother fukkin kids.
#YouWannaImpressMe respect Justin Bieber and I'll be impressed alright ;)
Just because it's 4:20 somewhere
Happy birthday
Setting goals includes determining your dream or vision. What do you want more than anything else? Now let's see how to get it!
55% of people yawn within 5 minutes of seeing someone else yawn. Reading about yawning makes most people yawn. #odd facts
At Books-A-Million :)
No worries there- I can send you the file. Are you PC, OS X or Linux?
Austin convention center evacuated?? Anybody know what's going on?
seriously? You switch 88 DTC channel to the 17 for the last restart? WTF?
It is a cool product : - presenting at #webinno - offers a better UX for teachers for virtual education.
#seetheworld let's do this people! Get a passport and let's go!
don't know. I would think at least 8:30 or 9...You coming?
me too, they're so interesting
Requring shared root to manage accnts and not allowing read only accnts to change pw is
First night in #Denver was off the chain!!! It's gonna be a GREAT weekend here at the Improv!!
Everyday is a new beginning stay away from what might have been and look at what can be.
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "I love this game." by Verneshia
If you give up...You may miss out on the best part of your life.
I'm the Brahmin, call me daddy,
I want to meet ceaser millaaaan!!!!!
Not gonna lie I'm lovin this rental ford focus hatchback
I want a guy to come swoop me off my feet who likes to take random trips on the weekend by just surprising me and saying "baby lets go...."
Yes, sorry about that! It's the 22nd.
you've been following and RT a lot of people so I an gonna give it a shot..follow me??
no problem babe lol
I DID!
You thought that was gonna work?
So disappointed with my pizza last night! The Montague’s All Meat Marvel was more like a Sparsely Placed Meat Failure!
Or ever, haha.
You know you're bad at bowling when you get called out by the girl cleaning up
oh yeah. I don't even like people my age. They be lame af. Haha
George Steinbrenner died of a massive heart attack today? Should the Yankees stay in Anaheim to play or go back to NY??
#BadCauldronSongIdeas Barracuda by Heart? That'd be a helluva stretch.
big red is teaching our class
please me and my daughters want this More Than This tweet could ever say :)
Make sure to follow us on twitter
Thanks! We're always working on making it better. RT : very impressed so far! Well done.
I'll be in TC remember???
Anne, you are a serious twitterer
I'm new to Twitter. So I'm starting another business. I'm getting everything ready today.
rather, follow me real quick so I can shoot you a DM pretty plz
Took a midnight walk to the site of JFK's 1963 Peace Speech. Great place to think and reflect
Hey, if you guys are ever in need of a graphic designer who loves Mars and Science I'm your man :)
Yeah im omw now
it's Friday!!
So Tomorrow is 11/11/11, will you do anything to mark that "milestone" ... buy a lotto ticket maybe?
Now offering Wallet Sized LAMINATED Auto Insurance ID cards 4 existing clients! Just send a request 2 if u want one!
Best part of #Superbowl46 was that not everyone was mad at Bradshaw for not sitting on the 1yd line. Bryant had to be estatic!!
Looks like ima need get on some birth control when my boo get out.
#yobitv makes up songs all the time. We have no idea when he's actually serious about a song being a song.
follow me and ill follow u back but only if u like austin mahone one direction and us tin bieber
See you all at MP Saturday. 204, row 4 S 25. Come visit
Anyone gotta Xbox 360 and play mw3 :)?
RT #Quote Do not fear death, fear the unlived life. -Natalie Babbitt
Truth gets higher ratings than fiction! I have some unbelievable true crime stories to share!
In Carlton bldg. Student: Do you know where Duke 108 is? Wanted to say: In the Duke building. Didn't.
RT : "#BFPG just hit 305 members. Who says that functional programming isn't practical, real or interesting!" <- Nice work!
Learning new things about my industry is inspiring and energizing!
I guess the universe has a sick sense of humor. Go Pats!
I love your Style and share your love of Lia Sophia!
You are welcome. :-)
not too awesome: getting up at 4:15 to get your long run in before work. pretty awesome: finishing the back 7 in sub-9:00 pace.
You bet!
If you insist on using Papyrus in your presentation, I will spend your entire presentation evaluating your use of Papyrus.
Strongly agreed!
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK Why isn't #TweetingDuringSex a super hot trend on here b/c I thought for SURE it would be. SO LET'S MAKE IT! RETWEET!
I'm not a hipster, I'm saved.
Technically this is the encore of that performance. Most Rush shows are 3-5 years long, including non-musical interludes.
Congrats to #UDHoops Soph forward, Joe Stephens on being selected All-SCAC Honorable Mention!
Hey Boyes, great game today! Timing.... not really your thing?
@ the hotel with my close homies n UP in BK blowingg it down just maccin shout out to them wrd
Goodnight world. DB loves you.
Yea Lebron doesnt play like he wants it. Like he used to.
Thanks for sharing about Johnny. I wish him the best, even after all the mistakes. So sad to see his talent go unused.
When I was single i'd have 2 buy a new 4-pack of toilet paper once a month. Married, its about every 5 days.
I'm a little uncomfortable writing this, but I do cringe at the thought of what Mitt might have done to his dog if it was gay.
Can't wait to start drinking tonight while watching Role Models.
Old and slow guys bunting = Brewers 2012! Catch the fever......
Here @ the US Open bout 2 wch the men, Djokovic vs Petzschner
yup double but I'll be off early tonight like 8.
I'm late lol....wat it do tho stranger?.
Yay, both boys are napping! MOMMY TIME!
Be nice to see yall festival again. You killed it a few years ago! Hope all is well and keep rockin
Rob Lowe in "Knife Fight" is a near perfect blend of Sam Seaborn and Chris from "Parks and Rec." He literally says "lit-terally."
hair at night: lets be beautiful and shit. Hair during day: you go there, you stand up, you curl, you go opposite direction, you look frizzy
Loved having you beautful ladies join us!
I'm so depressed. I don't know if I'll b teaching at my school next yr. A whole generation of changemakers lost. U suck
RT : Young The Giant at Party In The Park? I can get behind that
Dovestech has submitted its cloud-based data processing proposal to the Department of Defense (Navy) for a three month review.
who is?
I have supported Lugar for the past 24 years and I considered giving Mourdock my support
I wish you the best...
yep and back at it again.
Good morning friends! I hope you're doing well :) Swing by #SUBWAY for lunch and turn a good day into a great day!
Will u be my hunky Jesus?
Even your parents lol
This weekend >>> I can feel it already
just wait lol your getting it.
The invisible hand of the marketplace jerks off aristocrats until they finally die in the midst of self-love.
's icon is life.
we just had one a few weeks back....hopefully we will be back soon! wish you the best yo
Colombia is with an 'o'...“: We now ship to 4 countries in South America (fist pump). Please welcome Columbia to the Stunner Family”
#GutsiestMovesYouCanMake Giving a cat a bath.
Coffee after 5 was a TERRIBLE idea.
Some people may see their lies have almost caught up to them.
Bad headache<< put in a bad mood..Don't feel well at all..
Big music weekend as usual in #themusiccity - what are u doing?
I just finished reading you latest column. You have such a nice conversational style of writing. It's like talking to you
remember for lefties, there is no debate of their positions. you either agree or you are targeted for destruction.
you know you've sung properly when you sound like an emphysmatic old man the next day.
Great show last night! Thanks to everyone who came out! More to come soon!
nigga pls you can have that I'm never a Swagger H Jacker!
Utilising your existing racking support structure, create tiered platforms to facilitate picking access at multiple levels
So Fantastic! Thanks for being such an important part of our team! We couldn't do it without you!
How many SLPs does it take to program a thermostat?
LOVE Dresden Files, counting days to Cold Days hits the shelves. I've read many TP over the years, so... thank you for ideas!
#MSU already has their win, we need #UM to win now. That would make Sunday great! #GoBlue AND
she wasnt :/? ohh well at least she knows now! lol
And Longs Cece Love You :) QT : longs my grandmothers & my mommy love me , fuck a bitch !
My throat is swore and My head is bangin fills like it's time for a shot to go off.
Agreed!: I feel like screw on cap wines are like on line dating.they used to be cheesy,but now they're totally acceptable.thoughts?
LOL I'm an undercover alley wandering flip-flop wearing hood rat
Security lighting may provide aid in the detection or deterrence of intruders and in some cases simply increase the feeling of safety.
Make 1,000 dollars a week from home without selling anything
Drugs have taught an entire generation of Americans the metric system. P. J. O'Rourke
I need to trademark it FAST!
Thanks for the RT, too bad Banksy didn't pull it off!
I hope! Then I'll come back or you can come to KY!
Today I miss pizza. Day two of juice cleanse. I never eat pizza anymore cos I'm a vegan. :(
haha let's do it
haha missed me again...I'm sure we'll meet up someday...
but it was so much better in his words!
John Muse. Wait. #CollegeHockeyBands Fail
Offer users a subscription button so they can easily access future content as soon as you publish it.
Blown away by worship at the forum. Love meeting awesome women!
What do you think is the best way to de - frost a car windshield?
Romney addresses crowd briefly outside a Rosemont restaurant. Inside now shaking hands. He added this campaign stop ahead of Tues primary
Prayer walk tonight following Thursday night ministries in the Depot District!!! Bring your prayers and love for the people out tonight!!!
#Rangers. Congrats to Josh Hamilton for 4 HR in one game. History was made tonight
Omg! 109 followers! Y'all are awesome! (((: I'm going to give a shout out to every 25th one!((: shout out tweet coming shortly!((: ~Sammi((:
Applications for an internship at are now closed. Thanks, everyone.
i know :( and no haha lets go get yogurt tho yea??? :)
We will be closing at 4:30 this afternoon for a private party (sorry Simon employees we'll see you next Friday)
All instagram is about now is getting more followers, & giving shout outs, liked it better when not a lot of people had one & did shout outs
reading this on FB for iPhone at this moment. Guess where I land?
Thinking of an etsy sale. Hint hint! Maybe when I finish adding my new watercolors. Come see what's in stock now! www.shadowglacier.etsy.com
End panic mode and disregard last tweet. My work email is up and running again. Yay, tasks.
What am I looking at here?
thanks Andy! U coming to the art reception?
HA! Yup... the phrase "Tweetin' like a mother fucker" hits my funny bone just right! It's a goody! HA!
Everyone keeps sayong cards pen cards pen....brewers pen looked decent too!!
I love, love, LOVE you sweet boy :)
Introducing the Lodge Sauce kit, with a silicone brush for basting your grill top favorites, and cookbook “Grillin’ Sauces,” with ten...
Hey British people, it's just a meeting. No need to go 'put it in your diary.'
This is boring. *Yawn*
shoutout to my boyfriend in the hospital with a severe case of non existence.
Done! RT : I recommend following ! Highlights some of the most retweeted & interesting tweets.
I just murdered a TREX or at least ran over one.
Watching horror movie called "Ju-On"
At least KU went a round further than Mizzou.
Hey, sounds good! Let's connect and see if there is any other ways in which we can help (or display the winning art)!!
thanks! R u coming to east coast anytime soon?
You know its time to go to bed when your eyes burn
My Fair Lady by The Bird and The Bee
That one was just a bit too high, just a little bit...
I'm thinking about getting a baby pool for my office...
and I thought my Oct was jam packed! Cannot wait to see you!
Follow me please <U+2665>
You didn't tell me you were popping, too! Fearing I now know cause of my debilitating pain: caffeine loss.
I'm so glad!
Life is filled with Tests... I'm just tryna pass em all SMFH
I couldn't get any of your joomla demos to work on your website
Speech final consisted of presenting an infomercial for a tampon.
Petrino out a Arkansas. CoachJags announces that he is available!
yeah I got the IM from Johnny about it this morning and I thought he was joking at first.
Can't wait for the next few weeks...
To see the action from the driver's perspective
"When Peter had come to himself, he said, Now I know for sure, that the LORD has sent his angel, and delivered me."~Acts 12:11
Needed some good news! RT That's all for the day lobster lovers! Tomorrow at L'Enfant Plaza (7th & Independence)
no BS, probably one of my top 5 movies. I'll watch it when I wake up with a nice bowl of cereal
#flipbigclass ...and immediately began thinking about how it could change T&L!
i wonder if it's safe to take an allergy pill when i'm about to drink.
Not me. It would take a lot to change my mind & that's not fair to the guy.
Jazz hands!!
Another weekend, another show for the attorneys of Freeborn & Peters LLP. This week the #NRAShow in our hometown of Chicago.
what did you do with it?
I'm getting just about sick of school. A crash is coming very soon
Even when I was 8 years old, my grandma's secret password was sh*t
thx for the follow, and nice bio :p whoever doesn't love em is outta their mind!!!
#Freshmanyeartaughtme you can't trust anyone.
y not?
We will be closed today. Up and running normal hours tomorrow.
You wouldn't think any of my tweets were funny if you knew how many pedestrians I injured while writing them.
thanks for the RT... come join us!! ;-)
I just broke my record for selling something on craigslist. Less than one hour from posting to payment!
that's how i feel about every other sign
haha let's go golfing dude!
Sitting in an all night lecture on managed care organizations and risk management.
If you haven't seen the avengers twice yet, go kill yaself.
I'm H20 intolerant.
is enjoying the moon, hanging large and full in the eastern sky. Oh, lookie, it has a face.
likes people. i love doug. misses the petersons. we miss him too!
Each other week
Happy leap year! So today is tshirt "366" if you think about it
im gonna get a hundred dollar bill tattooed on my dick, because i hear bitches love to blow money
Pirates of the Caribbean is always a hit around that place
Going boating with and maybe tubing :)
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 297
you give up too easily.
I like how I have 2 be told by my team "no humping the dance floor atFridays party" what kind of person do they think I am?!
I just hope Hologram Tupac doesn't get into a beef with Instagram Biggie. Talk about senseless violence.
RT : son should I see money ball? Absolutely
on the phone with mi bby, gonna go talk then go to sleep. #goodnight. #bestnightever :*
Hey sexy
Good gm. 27-24 Heat after 1. Melo is owning Battier and already sodomized Joel Anthony.
"Nobody" is perfect ! . Than Justin Bieber in "Nobody"
'No truth in Allegations of Deforestation' FJMC Chitral - The Dardistan Times
#Cliftonshuffle does it count on a Saturday?
Just left Bayshore and Mayfair got my momma gift.
Celebrate a win with a delicious pulled pork at #sandwichmeinchicago in
. Money is greatest asset, but he is out of touch, so it is his greatest liability.
thanks for the well wishes :-)
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep. -Scott Adams
I'm addicted to Friday Night Lights.
Really don't want to eat this adderall
almanac. It's the most bad ass.
I like the combination of exact database name and the platform/vendor logo; improves scannability of the page. Nice job!
nothing like some early morning anatomical verbage to kick off the holiday weekend... study > sleep
Escape the heat tonight with our cocktail specials. The $8 Elder Collins and the $6 Bourbon Collins. 7PM-12AM
its wateva bro we gone get up wit n get it n bro
whenever your tweeting people, I gets my hopes up and tweet you. It never happens. <U+E023><U+E413>
Did theater since 5th grade! Love it, but now making my way in TV and film... still have a place in my heart for the stage though.
Tomorrow is the start of the wake and bake/self flagellation/ Dorito binge ritual that makes every 4/20 so special to me.
new mixtape is reGODDAMNdiculous the perfect thing to hold me over till his new album
A Spoonful of Sass: Drawing of the Day: Coachella Girl
huh... I don't understand
You are awesome! Your support does not go unnoticed! RT : I was one of her first fans to "like" her on FB!
Three specials today ...come in and ask your server......all for $7.40 incl tax
your more then welcome to come
I hope you started with those three fools that were on the show with you!
I think it's gross when celebrities do commercials for fast food restaurants. Do you really need the scratch?
:: Kopp's has a weather-appropriate custard flavor today, according to CHOCOLATE THUNDER
probably around 8
This week in #Houston in 1972, Barbara Jordan wins the Democratic primary to run for Congress.
That was my conclusion. -.-
hell yea u got hung kuz that's when u slipped on the sand and still tried to dunk
Thatta girl! RT : by the way, I had sweet potatoes for dinner!
#FF #Independence! We Rise! Ya'll fall! GET IT!!
Bit.ly announces beta launch of search platform, reputation monitoring
they oughta redo raggedy ann & andy as a real life movie, and cast johnny depp(: thats just my thought.
Keep in touch for sure! :-) RT Anytime
love you more muaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
St.Petersburg today!
So worth the drive to see get his TD and watch SU shut out AU, awesome! How ya like that obnoxious AU moms?
oneself, is widely(universally?) practiced, physically&mentally
Trying to get tickets to the TCA Awards early, I want really good seats.
more shirts to make tonight! yesyesyes! come to a show this weekend and get one! ALSO! get 's merch too
Gonna have to refresh my memory on that one. Great game, thanks!!
Brass and gold are back!!
Haven't really been tweetin lately. At Bahama Breeze with my Son's Mom.
You can listen to thunder after lightning and tell how close you came to getting hit. If you don't hear it, you got hit, so never mind.
Kate Beckinsale is our cover model for this month. Read all about her new movie, Underworld Awakening, in this January issue!
testing Presio 2.0 - lot's of good stuff coming - screen recording and integration with iPresent Online
but he looks so good in an ol' English D. Go tigers! Verlander has two hitter going into the 8th, continuing last year's dominance
Thanks Steve! And we're still in the same line of business it seems - let me know if you are ever in DC!
lol I await the day when you will be all over my mentions if the lakers win, if that ever happens haha, but don't give up hope
Lessons learned aplenty today - and it's not even lunch yet!
BRING IT HOME!
Gee you're full of wit today aren't u? LOL
Have you heard of Intervenors? Read all about it www.knowledgesafari.com click blog!
Difficulties are opportunities for advancement, for increased self-awareness, for self-fulfillment. -Karen Casey
Wishing I could sit in the sunshine all day!!
We have a picture of you hanging in our practice space. It's inspirational. No one parties like the Guttenberg.
i'm so afraid to like someone new. everyone i like just ends up fucking me over and im tired of feeling so alone and unwanted.
Independent artists tell you their dreams and a perspectives. Listen!
you're near the bay bridge? Head west to 1015 Folsom if you want to catch the #IGDA party :)
follow back? :D
haha this just made me laugh out loud. I'll teach you this weekend.
thank you!!! :D
Ohh how I hate sundays.
you're trying to sabotage me!! lol i haven't had beef since february, but a cheeseburger sounds awesome!! lol
Well well well, Mr Twitter-thon now, too? ;) ha, kidding with you of course...
The weather is so beautiful out ...time to pull out the grill ...
true. The house hunt begins officially very soon.
can't wait until next Thursday!
sounds like game day in the weight room to me, which is my favorite holiday. Have fun breaking PRs all day tomorrow, Coach!
"She might be fine, but she aint worth a second of your time."
Sucks when the one that you want doesn't want you back.
RT : State & local government eats up 36% more of Californians’ hard-earned dollars than Texans allow their gov't to take
Contracts to Steve Blake going 5-6 from deep.
I've always wondered..have you met Lil Jimmy?
We got it
jigga jay-z, biggie baby
anyone got a good recipe that uses #beef? I love trying new things and need something new.
I can't think of any thing to do.
I would notice!!!!
wait WHAT -- does this mean we have to go back to are jobs!!!!! Dont make us go back to work PLEEEEEEEEEZ!!!!
Good good
"The writer said: "I'll write you in next season" and I said: yeah, let's do it!! He's soo in love with me" -said the douchey actress
I'll be teaching class this evening @ GJC Talent.
Woah, I just have to tweet bc if i don't then I'm stuck on tweet #6*6 & that's just
dude when you gonna dominate that 3 point contest?
hey man, sorry i missed your call. things are well. let's chat soon and catch up. heard things are going well with tgiF!
...& sometimes group decisions are "smarter" than Individuals (honeybee dances, google, Wikipedia). Chabris
Gunnar Kiel flips from LSU to ND. Does this move devin7fuller towards #arizonawildcats? Probably not but there is a chance
RT In case you did not know? You are still my favorite trainer! Much love "eehhhh heemmmmm"
Vaynerchuk says. Heck out yobongo.com.....any other opions?
house made tofu bacon, roasted zucchini and squash, parm, tomato basil jam, romaine on wheat. Bomb
Indeed! RT It's a beautiful day in #wbgva !
ariel alexandra !! :]
Summer is gonna be AWESOME this year in the PARKS!!
Rasmussen reports that 77% believe Jesus rose from the dead.. But does that make them better people? And isn't that what really matters?
Dear #Windows7 User Access Control: Stop hiding your damn permissions popups behind my active windows!
2nd Fair of the 2012 Prom Season! We will see you all bright and early! Dont forget your student ID for $10 prom gowns!
I would like to clarify that I am, in fact, Terry... most of the time.
Unluckiest shot ever award goes to Who's Blackberry just fell thru a 1 inch crack and down 15 floors in an elevator shaft
We look forward to seeing you there!
I just got a pedicure and now I have a minty fresh feeling in between my toes that won't go away.
singing his heart out in Louisville Ky. Feb. 10
Might as well, the Warriors have never done anything to warrant being a fan of them. Go Nets!
loving this is absolutely stunning!
Sorry about the spam everyone, we're working on it.
only because you don't fuck with me
you got a short coming? Hit me up.
lol oh well let's see what it is
We are shouting out to all the peeps who retweeted us for #WW TY!
Halsey Burgen. Collects, re-presents, and transforms your voice to become his voice.
On trial for what? Burning is the proper way to dispose of the Koran, according to Islamic law...
Sometime the truth hurts, but yu still gotta live with it
Thank you to our wonderful volunteers! You help us make a difference.
RT : You can’t build a reputation on what you're going to do. -- What have you done??
I read the latest Marlins inbox and you said four starters are set in stone being Ricky,Anibal,JJ and Volstad.what about Sanabia
RT Want 2 tickets to "Viva Elvis" at the ? Retweet "We love and " in the next 3 hours to be entered to win!
Pickup Line: How about you sit on my lap and we'll see what pops up?
Terrible, terrible experience at
I hear there are profs here who have pre-service teachers tweet observations from the K12 classes they observe. Smart.
never has there been a being as sneaky as i..... until now.
love that one! ha ha!
aw thanks :)
Pandora is randomly skipping all the good songs..
lol, you know you need to add me on DrawSomething.
17th Street Festival?
Ann Romney had 2 debilitating diseases and raised 5 kids. The Obama's had plenty of money, Michele chose to work, she didn't have to.
Why did I get a million direct messages saying someone is posting bad stuff about me? And I'm not able to open the link...
I love my job so much. But I feel like no one reads anything I send out. I designed 13 beautiful web pages that no one reads.
Started not to give a fuck and stopped fearing the consequence
#schoolmemories - Having a notebook only for drawing, so I have something to do when the teacher is boring me :P
Twitter hiatus for a while. Notifications will be disabled too. Contact me via other means if need be. <U+270C>
she is watching a movie with her step mom (:
I can not stand having long nails
i found these pictures of us.. I was gonna send them to you on here or text them to you ?!
The Artist: A silent film made in the year 2011. Takes place in the late 20s and 30s. About a silent film star who fades as talkies rise
I hate when I tell one of my bff's my crush and they'll be like u like that guy! But I love my bff's
Thanks for the retweet
I know :D haha I'm the best
Everyone in NYC is very sweaty
Don't forget to come to The SOURCE tomorrow at 5pm! It's going to be a good one!
i dont like i love ha lol i love it
MT : Google engineer who wrote the spy sniffing code plead 5th, still works at Google, yet has not been identified by media.
I got the last peace of my custom made drum set today. I plan to give it away after the video is done.
you have a amazing voice I hope u make it the finals. :) your fan from the usa. I wacth online on thier youtube.
#askSarah whats your favorite part about Texas?!?
| Congrats on your new store opening!
Successful hospitals continue to be successful, regardless of the economy. Learn how we can help make yours successful! www.hcmpllc.com
What if we don't have any? MT : Mitt Romney tells yg Americans to borrow $$ from parents to improve economic fortunes
So damn tired
3/3: May God continue to bless you and your families!
You too kiddo.. Will leave the pot on :-)
Clogged Air Filter? At Express Lube, we'll check your vehicle's air filter with our premium service oil change.
I can't think, think about this crazy day... I lose sleep just to daydream about you baby.
It's FIERCE FRIDAY at Smashin' Lashes Couture Eye Studio. Come in our Fierce Friday Special LASHES, BROWS, MAKEUP STUDIO.
What up twitters, what are ur plans for today?
I really hate track meets in what feels like -10000 degree weather
Bored out of my ass. #homework #project? nah
how interesting
Lost power for almost 24 hours. Hanging in Newton right now. Hopefully it is back on soon!
Today, in 1970, the PDP-11 minicomputer was introduced by DEC. It was one of the most popular 16-bit minicomputers ever produced!
Friendly folks at #uxsconf here in San Diego!
I dont think so lol :P
ya it sucks
Happy to be a calming influence in Pasadena!
S/O to my nigga we free bandz everywere I go
lol... my bad
thanks for your tweet : ) we have a lot up our sleeves!
Ah, Steve, Clark Kent doesn't know how to cook. He only eats the Science Diet that I feed him.
cause you're like "oh yeah playing tennis is a whole different feeling" that's deep
Livejournal! RT Ok so let's try this again, along WITH Twitter, do you use Google+ and/or Facebook?
A new song is in the make'n
He may be a Gopher, but we need some stability/continuity!
walkin in the rain /still dryer than a virgin / bomb on deck.... / like i wear a turban
aww!! WOOF! I want one as well. I need a friendly companion! find any cute ones?
Feeding my baby boy! He was born Sat Sept 12 at 1:31 am. He's simply adorable!!!!!
Lol so you got a twitter
I hate when people are obviously trying to get celebrities to reply 'i notice that - only reply to girls, what's up with that -? STFU
Jake Atwood gave us so much great advice on Sales. Podcast is up!
this week is almost over, yeeeeeeee '
#WaysToGetShot diss Led Zeppelin in my presence!
In Bavaria, beer is legally defined as a staple food. Amen, friends.
Why do we have such a large debt Who got us here
I forgot yp.lep. mikkey halsted. Mikey rocks. SD. Treated crew. I mean its ok but some of them barely got 2 good songs
12 team PPR. Please pick 3 keepers: Rice, J Charles, Nicks, Graham, Stafford, or F-Jax? Please Help! Thanks!
Happy New Year!
Makes no sense #Delta won't let me on earlier flight w/seats. No cost to them to have happier customer.
out with Nikki :)
#OMG! My son jus said she should be happy she has a man who doesn't do those things. I think it went rt over his head.
Just got back from the one woman show with Sheryl Lee Ralph "Voices of Domestic Violence". Wow what a show, I was really moved!
thus cementing your lifelong top ranking on my "NEVER GET ANGRY" list... :P
she with it if I'm with it and I'm with it.
whatever you say baby((:
you know it is
what takes your breathe away?
That smell I just smelt....
Heading to to get my workout in. I hate waking up early.
Goddamnit I'm so hyper!! This isn't good it's bed time!
Where did u end up?
I don't give a flying fiddle dfl
Really #punksatonyphil, we haven't even had winter yet in Tennessee. I am ready for fresh snow!
Headed to a Phoenix show. I have a feelin' it's going to be fantastic.
i'm livin' dead dead dead deaaaaddd
The winner will be selected at random and this offer is good for NEW and CURRENT actors at our training center :)
Hah done with school for the week, off to Springfield tomorrow morning #buhbye ;D
Cute name & interesting tweets. Hope you post an avatar & bio so I can think of you as something other than an egg with a name.
yepper. it'll be a party down here! lol
Being ill sucks, cant even skate on a sunday :(.
New on Blu-ray and DVD: "The Man Nobody Knew: In Search of my Father CIA Spymaster William Colby" (4-17) "New Year's Eve" (5-1)
Just did an End-User-Computing vision message.
On the plane home and wondering if flight attendant will let me lay across seat with my legs up against window...
Awesome Kings! RT : Los Angeles Kings = Road Kings (6 straight road wins in the 2012 Playoffs)
"Never Give up no matter how hard the situation is"
#nonfiction-unlimited #bankofamerica #tribecaradiation Commercial I LM'd just aired.
Even if happiness forgets you a little bit, never completely forget about it. :D
Just saw a kid eat the ice cream out of his cone, then THROW AWAY the entire cone!
I'm your biggest fan, you have no idea how much I'm crazy for you, follow me please ?????? 3 ;D
you tweeted that right as I was taking a bite into my sandwich!!!
I Can't In #3days Till #BOYFRIEND Comes Out(: Aghhhh I Can't Wait(; I Love You<3
uuumm, I miss you.... Columbus bound anytime soon?? ((HUGS))
thank God you have a friend that's 18.
Depends. Will there be food?
Going to finish up Assassination Vacation tonight in hopes that it will cheer me up. Such is life.
sitting at home with my boy <3 watching
Totally in the mood to do some writing tonight, we'll see if looking a few things up on the internet can't change that
Whoa-ho, them's fighting words my friend. Virginia is *way* worse.
Thanks for following ...also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience
Sorry for the terrible grammar. Happy hour. ;-)
Quote of the day: "In order to have no bad blood with anyone, you must find a way to release the bad."
I'll be there! Let's make sure we connect. As for the article, I think it was part of your dissertation? I'll check.
Way Too Loud
my cousin called me weird for liking legend of korra. ok
Hall & Oates would also be cheering along with you.
digging this whole "mamalicious" week on Dirty Dancing on right now, Stepmom & Time Traveler's Wife coming up!
Not a good time to be performing any delicate surgeries in your living room Colleen, or for that matter trying to nap.
#obsessed is fitting but is perfectly acceptable seeing as it would be well worth it! I'm going with friends
for following, Ann. Looking forward to hearing about your adventures.
...and Blake, and Blair, and Blaine, and Brent.
DNC's Hillary Rosen sez Ann Romney, a stay at home mom w/ 5 boys, never worked day in her life. Really? Have her change Harry Reid's diapers
Some people love to dance, and others, were born to do it. It may not come out at first, but your talent will peak and potential comes out.
Two auditions today. One commercial and one theatrical. It's a great Friday! Thanks Lang Talent.
How do you think the Raven's did in the draft?
There's a reason they call left-sided/left-handed things "sinister". :P
Come to our WEDU Back to School Party - Wed Oct 13 7:30-10:30 pm at Tenjune, NYC - Open bar & Drink Specials + Great Crowd!
Get back to me when you have something to brag about.
rinringgg! Hi Jessica! Thanks for the follow! Talk soon!
My bitch bad lookn like a bag of money<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
omg please follow me. im ur biggest fan. i love u so much. good luch preformin!
The Twitterverse really likes the Beetle/dog ad. I think its smart they'll keep running a :30 version, w/out Darth Vader reference at end.
Couldn't agree more!
Your favorite person! Duh! ; )
": I would be a happy girl is Memphis picked ...... Only 3 hours away." That would be unreal cause iam n Nashville
It's 2:30am and I'm just sitting here tweeting you... haha (: Wanna make my night?
Looking forward to chatting with next week! Send us any questions you have for them!
Hey Mark, can I get a follow back pl, huge GA fan.
Are u in 'Nap?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!
New hockey town?!?: Round 3 tickets at sold out in under 10 minutes
shit man i was fina walk over there
yep come c me lol jk
Can't wait till Bluey Robinson comes out here, that day will be amazing! lol :)
Good eye! I am bummed you can't see the art museum that well, maybe you can help me :)
ikr...i was kinda ignorin' my notifications today...ha!!!
that was fun - wish I were with you now! see you at #aasl11 ?
All of the current "music storage in the cloud" products will never be useful to me. Too much latency, delay, and offline disappoint.
Awww mom gave me a doughnut and milk <U+263A>
and u know this man!!!
Just thinking bout all the moves I got over the summer makes me wanna go home even more...
hes my favorite pick of their whole draft. Dudes a stud
#boxing was glamorous& romantic. You listened to fights on the radio, A good announcer made it a contest between gladiators. Joseph Barbera
Have you looked at my game saynplay? Great for artic practice and home version is available.
when someone gives me their opinion like i asked for it < idgaffffff
u da best...dont EVA forget that!
Thanks for mentions and RTs.
Exciting ending of the Hawks - Celtics game coming up. I know and are on the edge of their seats.
I hope she text me first cause I don't remember her number lol
Look, if you don't want your baby to have a sense of humor, don't let him wear the onesie I gave him that says, "Future Loser."
Our server/waitress is so precious. Nicest thing!
Pretty sure I just set fire to the third bar...
Penn State proud, too. We Are.
#FF Cause they're awesome and they love tea.
hahaha dude!! just wait, tomorrow ima be smiling SO much! i know it haha
psst, I'm calling all music enthusiasts to be a part of the next phase of this digital magazine. all writers/photogs/artists are welcome :)
Is this the day you finnially notice me and tweet me?I love you tons.Have a lovely day with Mamma G.Happy Mothers Day:]
Not quite sure if we follow the question. Feel free to email us at .
If you're going to be rowdy past 3 am tonight let me know! These hours are killing me.
Break a leg! :) RT Rocky Horror Swtich night tonight.....will be playing Riff-Raff!! :D
any users want to share their experiences with the service?
Want me to kiss your ass? I always love a little ass-kissing.
Don’t put off living to next week, next month, next year or next decade. The only time you’re ever living is in this moment.
What you think about... you bring about! Let's all think good thoughts and share the good times !
thanks so much! I hope so. My 9th USTA summer season!
Pretty big for Spielberg to hire the Texas Chainsaw guy. Might have been the last time he took a chance.
Remember who votes no on the stadium bill and replace them in Nov.
hind sight. I wish I would have remembered that. Maybe the drive back from georgia...
What kind of gift giver are you?
its okay boo:) i have no valentine either:) except for you:) we single but we have eachother:) haha:)
MARS DKI is no more! We are now DKI Restotech LV. Same great people just a differnet name! Water,Fire & Mold! 24/7 Emergency Response!
will do, thanks! cc
…nor the resultant InDesign crash. Packing it in.
BIW user training event next Tuesday now fully booked thanks to reponses via BIW user base Tweeps. Remarkable response, wow..
Rick James, SUPA FREAK.
Hasnt been that long lol. you bringin the baby or what?
friday woo!
lol cos you said something bout how ppl wont shut up even tho all you keep saying "ok" so stop saying ok and maybe the will shut up;p
You're probably right about that!
I'm great, hope you're well! I'm totally down to help, just hit me up if you need extra hands next week.
I'm kind of in love with slideshare.
RT : Q2)Again start with audience. The makeup of audience narrows list of what is possible . ...
Good point.
expect a birthday shoutout Monday :D
why do i get so annoyed when people TELL me to smile?!?!
I know its been a while ": Haven't seen nor spoken to in forever !"
Happy to be here!
Lol and this guy must of noticed me struggling to walk and asked if I wanted a ride.
Sweet...breaking of the legs and such!!
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
thinks I'm a baby for taking lunch to school when he's the one who eats it all!!! So I'm not sharing tomorrow ;p
don't you just hate that?! I feel you girl!
love u
What is London Boulevard?
I thought that was going to be a music thing whenI saw the name.
Slight work....
Was just notified of a job in Manhattan I might be a good fit for. Didn't even know there was a Manhattan in Kansas.
Yes I'm talking about HAIR SPRAY
When am I ever rude to you?
i been out here since last week famo!!!!
i only bitch when we suck..
Hope everyone is having a great day.... :) be safe
Life is short! Follow the wit, enjoy the laugh.
You know, it really isn't fair to call the Kindle Fire an Android tablet. It runs on
And me
I'm trying to convince my friends to make twitter accounts
Today is National Ag Day. Don't forget to thank a farmer for your safe, affordable and abundant food supply!
you too and Amen! Family looked beautiful!
When the lights are out, all woman are beautiful. -- Hye Burnie ()
Today was the most productive day this week. I am looking forward to introducing some amazing projects to funders.
accussing you of narcissism -- for (like ) not updating your facts since the 70ies ie intellectual narcissism.
3? me no but YOU yes..I left u a messege on one of your 3 pages :)
aye where you live at?
Nikkei at 2-week high, steel sector merger boosts mood
Actually a chicken leg would be better because it's like a little caveman club.
Why they call me outta class kus i was eatin hot cheetos & asked have i been smokin 0.o TF
COOL! ..and that completes the After lately crew responses Ive got. Ur my fav...wait, u dont all compare tweets do u?
I been home alone all day #boredom kills
you still going strong bro?
We're open!
Thanks for listening to buddy!!
So if it's safer for people detained by ICE if they're denied dignity, raped, arbitrarily detained it's OK? Get real.
it does certainly seem that way!
Got $100 bonus in my check.
Getting off the couch and making myself look beautiful for , see you in a bit guys :)
Supplying DJ's and Vinyl Lovers with high quality, hart to find, mostly used vinyl records at great prices. I love to HOOK IT UP!!!
Tom Blair out? #utsandiego they're making it hard for me to come up with reasons to keep my sub
Yoga was brutal today but the payoff will be worth the 100 degree torture.. a
I had something really important to say...
Last day in Indy for 18 months is February 9th!
Lmao!!! He just said that at that press conference they just had...
Help needed with design work (logo, signage) and some donated printing services (signs, posters, shirts). Anyone? Do it for the kids.
huh oh... Hopefully it's on it's way down south & not making its way up north, lol
Yep! For you, you can pay the friend's fee.
-- only in the river / darkness flows / fireflies #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
there is no "i" in team but there is a "u" in suck
Today was a well spent day at the Delaware beach. Yay for friends, good weather, and holiday weekends!
~ Will do.. this afternoon:-) xo
I love this song
Bramson ORT College has the honor to congratulate all women in this special day. Happy International Women Day!
I looked a the yearbook this weekend and it looks great! You and the rest of the yerds are AMAZING!
The stars make no noise. --Irish Proverb
that was a nice nap tho
In the words of Jimmy Buffett and in honor of my son's 18th birthday..."There's a thin line between Saturday night and Sunday morning."
Thanks! Sorry to hear about the flat...never any fun.
he left them here ! Lol it's not my fault :p
you had me at nutella, delicious doesn't even begin to describe it ;)
let's get that yak in Denver
#aln2011 Phil Ice: No similarity between institutions in WCET data analysis sets us up for an "educational eHarmony".
me too
I need help i love him a lot and know this can work
Good sign for #OKState “: Finished a whole tube of chapstick today. Took me about a year & a half but I did it! #SmallVictory”//
omg these next 2 weeks are gonna be SO stressful...idk what i'm gonna do
And Twitter....
can you follow us we are new
what about 4 days?
The line to the car wash is a horrific mess nonetheless, my car looks do catastrophic that I'm not moving... :/
Scandal, Grey's Anatomy, Private Practice, Awake, and Missing.
409,000 to end level 1. Doubled KK vs. AK off hijack vs. my button.
did Collin rob a sheriffs office?
hahaha I've never been on my twitter game, it's you guys sucking me in :P
sorry to hear that bro.
I decided it was time to change the pic.
I haven't gone to bed yet. How many hours ahead are you? it's not that late here, 12:30. Night night!
Product nomenclature formula: 1) Choose word. 2) Remove all vowels after the first one. 3) Append an r.
I may have my first semi-professional job as a paid intern for a publishing company!
I've had to block several this week already. All they want to do is argue, NOT worth our time!!
no matter how much sleep i get, i'm always tired when i get up for school
I had no idea his rap beef with jayz was a publicity stunt, they should have just shot each other
Dang that is cool!
I love watching #CarWarriors on ! Great job guys!
Ellie had never seen it;s a Wonderful Life. I was glad to hear that I was not the only one.
Haha "come on your going to listen to him??? He drinks where he peesXD" lolol
oops, I meant "painting"
": Thank god is coming home today"awww sister bot i love u, i better see u this weekend!
Till you bust ya left nut hahahaa!
My power is off :( so glad I started going to bed at 530 am now~>#bored and no ur boy isn't broke
A stream is a stream is a stream... or is it?
website sale ending at 12am full website for $300
No one likes when you beat around the bush
Mario Kart with my brother. :D
no problem! :)
I feel ya! RT Dean Kamen is way too smart for me to follow, but that's not stopping him from inspiring me.
text book selection for next semester nearly complete.
I just realized how many people call me Candle or Kenny, never by my real name.
Think of the one less space as a timesaving technique. And we all know time is money!
Like™ 2 MEet ya, Im. Ib #pIMp RT : O-M-G ! So im wearing converse right now , and breaking down a script. Im such a
Hey, are you guys planning a Dark Knight Rising screening this year?
Much appreciated, you too! Will do - thanks again so much for the plug!
take your ass to sleep lol:-)
No. I can have someone else seal and certify my work. For a fee. Mostly I can get around it by doing work not requiring a seal.
Welcome to the Zona Zoo. How can you not fall in love this place? The answer is you can't….
Throat hurts...;0
i used to not give a fuck about anything but now im #motivated to make a
youre really really missing out if youve not been watching the NBA playoffs!
<U+2708>on some other shit.
like in July. Maybe a bday present lol
Step Brothers on cable is a buzzkill
I can probably learn to speak french by buying things from
I want to sleep until I can't sleep anymore. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Thx for the RT, Helen! We look forward to meeting you this weekend!
I would love to speak a foreign language but I can't
your ice cream is not as spicy as mine, but I will still itadaku! #hothotcream #itadakimashyou!
Like how #MarionBarber is running but curious on where #Forte is
Very cool!
Going to #AAM2012 was professionally invigorating, working until 2:45 AM 2 catch up - not so much! G'night/morning!
at school with free time on computer ugh its so boring!!!!
“: We're so jealous! Have fun and we'll be following!” totally!!!
That was ugly by Sessions.
spontaneous inspiration. also want to have a modern work of art on my earlobes. #dashesanddots or maybe
Pretty sure the next like wins a prize!
I hope you did enjoy your sons cello recital... I bet it was yo yo marvelous
who are some women you really admire?
Ya I think school is kinda fun to but tht is the part I don't like getting up early I have to get up @ 4:30 to catchthe bus
|| you "#teamfollowback" but don't follow me back.
mine is the same way... I'll have to try letting him move around more during homework time.
Chat: Rangers host Angels
Sounds like another jumper on the Hoan Bridge.
is gonna marry me. He just doesn't know it yet :)
The receipe for a well-balanced day: a) do some work; b) do something physical; c) do something social; and d) spend some time reflecting.
City in trouble
Tonight's movie is Before Sunrise.
There will never be a Brother's Day because there shouldn't be a day for people who draw dicks on other people's faces.
So who needs water?
YouTube Channels Court Advertisers at NewFronts
I read Wild and started to reread it. Yesterday I went to the library and checked out Torch and am almost done. Cheryl Strayed is amazing.
It doesn't get any better than this! What happened to April showers bring May flowers? :)
did you do your math ?
thanks for the follow!!
Do you work in fashion or shop for a living? You always display such nice clothes.
ePatient is also an activist for the doctors. You need to find ways to educate a doc. Don't just leave when the going gets tough
Please go to new launch projects and look for age of the beast my new book im working on I need ur help
There are a lot of people in costumes in San Francisco. Am I missing something?
you should cover that song! <3
And veneration of the brolly goes with it, I suppose.
Just saw a priest that looked shockingly like David Wilcox.
one big day in the sports world #tradedeadline #freeagency #marchmadness brace yourselves
beautiful moon tonight, huh? = beautiful night. Full.
The Dewey Decimal System.
oh i dead d.mapp”
RT I thought the charge that the Gray/Brown election would bring back the "bad old days" way overblown. Wow, I was wrong.
can't wait for next time!
Rockin HOLLYWOOD BLVD today with my Super Friends n Characters as Wonder Woman, come have pix taken with us! huggz kk ryder
Oh I forgot I got my own style
Name some of the incidents that may cause an officer to be killed in the line of duty?
Lots of new clients coming on-board this week with creative ways to use SMS; voting, education, email capture at events - love it.
how can yu say yu love somebody when yu dnt even know their birthday????
It's always great to be #home. Back in the
becoming an instagram
Pet peeve: it's Boston Common. And Public Garden. No "s" on either one.
#randomthought. Ezekiel Bread in whole foods actually tastes like scripture paper. LOL
I'm gonna be the best mom ever ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
So glad i got her fixed. Ive been missing out on some great music
what do yu mean? :o
Come by after work & enjoy some good music from , drinks, and good company from the crew.
well, even if he's just doing it to mock manny, it's still a young boxing champ supporting gay marriage.
DirecTV is better!! Only one w/ NFL Package! Well, evidently we can't get Uverse here...thanks for the false info, AT&T
was cut off twice today by cars running stop signs. I was going to honk at them until I realized the cars were Lexus'. The red bow of en ...
When you feel like you're going to throw up, drink coffee
Happy mother days to all the beautiful mothers in the world.
in theory parallel lines never converge- until they hit the art world @ a horizon line
Artwork stolen (est. $50K) in Evanston home invasion today. Elderly couple roughed up. Artwork? Uh, not mentioned in report. cc
I'm reading tweets and some Arianators are really rude and being mean to people....
I was wondering what witty retort you would come up with. I'm a bit disappointed with your efforts.
its only 2 inches tall... I can make u one about 7in tall... will look nice mounted on your door
Thanks! That's what I'm going for, so helps to see. :) Tough balance!
i was able to dowmload ur previous radio shows to my phone.. perfect 4 driving :)
Thanks for the follow! Make sure to check out our website at sherylideas.com!
Wow...i finally got to play(:
Love when a trip involves me packing my snorkeling gear.
The "Breakthrough" coming soon
& writing 2gether??? Only took how long playing on stage & traveling 2gether?? Should b interesting :) -BH
I would, but I don't think he has a computer!
thanks you for fallowing ! :)
Its gonna be a hot one today!!!
I just want a quickie, no bite marks, no scartches & no hickies
Indeed it is.
Awww I am so glad you like it. Thank you!
My cousin crazy ass hell but I fucks with him tho
Mr. Baughman gives us essays at the worst times...
Humble opinion: lawyers more effective sticking to law than designing efficient insurance markets
I do not understand the messages on #newtwitter. How do you get a list of DMs in chronological order?!
Wishing I could be salsa dancing again instead of hankering down to edit the book. For some reason it's like
Never trust the ones that want to be loved.
I sure hope so.
With complicity of the political parties as they fight so hard for the American people's rights, equality and freedoms.
you first. ;)
Marcus Johansson, this is not the best time to be gun-shy.
I use Tweetdeck and mostly like it. been having issues with it not sending tweets but it might have been my wifi
After you take that one hit,your tempted to take another and another
I think tonight's show looks "very intetesting"
some women would do anything for attention
go get a beer & relax dude lol
skype kurt.kelly, google chat kurtkelly
heading upstate today for some filming
Totally miss my kid! This has changed my life in dramatic ways! Totally unable to see the end..... Of this ordeal
(Oh, and further exploration reveals that that site isn't totally safe for work. But when you get home, all bets are off).
thanks for the follow! I like to keep everyone updated trends and reports!
Saw a pic of Japanese families getting their kids tested for radiation exposure. I'm not going to think about the lockout so much anymore.
A couple session and a baby session in the works for this weekend. Can't wait to add the photos to my portfolio, and to try some new things!
I'm here. are you?
lol im flattered and undeserving of the compliment. Yes to coffee or an adult beverage?! Where the heck are u?
": I just met a planet5D reader in Vegas airport!" -yep we're watching ... even us that live in Vegas
Can we create a value economy where seniors recognize their talents? - asks at
Six Feet Under the Volcano
Vegas Tip-Off (NAIA) today @ Durango HS. 3pm Concordia vs Our Lady of the Lake. 5pm Vanguard vs MT. State. 7pm San Marcos vs Westminster
Almost back to my normal hyper self :)
Worries me for sure, but reports say Peyton doesn't want to go up against Eli unless it's in the Super Bowl
the "be extremely picky with session attendance" policy.
Kyle Wilson vs DRC... we can't wrap our head around that...
hey i love your videos so much. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back. =)
Lots of good information on Drupal, but would love some demonstration. Maybe speaker number 2?
R u following us on facebook?! PLS Do...facebook.com/JHU.ProjectRESTORE
I'm just about to break........ :P can't handle this crap anymore.
Hardly any lines, great selection and such nice people working at the #vbos! I don't know how those workers stay so chipper.
Confidence is key!
" And these rappers beneath me, burning pure thc, you can call me Chief Keef !" S/O cant wait to drop dis shyt
Still can't deal with the fact that my firat year at Columbia is coming to an end.
Us too! Hopefully there will be an early spring this year!
Kobe Bryant's autographed Broken-Nose Mask sold for $67,100. All of it will go to Bryant's youth foundation.
Hm. Not sure what I should think about that.
"but til then my brave child...fly free" Bryan Putnam
bedouinvintage.com is now registered.
Very excited to be seeing live in concert tonight and getting an Exclusive Interview!
Thanks Chris!
lol. or anyone. ;)
The tasting room is OPEN! We have tours at 2pm and 4pm today!
feel free to pass that along to friends ceepy but fun
Have any fun events happening this week? Tweet them at us we will retweet!
May the 4th lead you to THE DARK SIDE.
Need a night of relaxation? Book our Exhale Spa package to receive a Spa Pedicure and Yoga class! 1.800.225.2008
Order sent to Tara in OH!
absolutely. Thanks for the tickets!!
I have a Black Belt in pretending to listen while also imagining I'm on a Beach somewhere with a Beer in my hand. It's a real belt.
I need more people to hangout with. I'm always with nick. I need friends. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A7>
"You don't have to be Stonewall Jackson to know you don't want to fight in a basement."
Vic Gundotra when asked why not open API said (in jest I'm sure) "maybe we hold ourselves to a higher standard than the other network"
I guess I can wait one more week...
Turbo is going to win the cutest pet contest at my work. Or he has to find a new home. LOL
Charger game! then sd tonight!
Embarrassment will really set in when, in 30 yrs, she does the same thing & instead of The Smiths, it'll be a shitty 2010s band.
our worlds are finally colliding. I have a meeting in the library right now. I'll see you at 12:30!
look at my icon !(:
Thanks! We'll see you then.
YES YES YES. i agree 100% austin!
that is extremely validating. Thanks for sharing it was good for my brain unit
Love when I find trays of photos I thought I lost. I'm going to have fun scanning these today and by the end of the week.
#RealTalk a movement should not be trendy. We are dealing with lives here.
yes and he needs to be called out on irresponsible journalism!
.co is quickly becoming a viable alternative to .com!
You're an asshole, but I'm not gonna lie Your TRUCK needs training wheels pretty funny. Dueling banjos is more WV than KY.
that is terrible, thanks for sharing the article
BIG THANKS to , , !! Had a great time planting trees on #ReforestationDay!
Friday the 13th!
<<<Sitting pretty with tail wagging on the carpet>>>
kk is that the c one?
Security Tip: Many robberies happen at night, when they can go unnoticed by neighbors. Reduce your risk by having walkway lights installed!
Haha! I can only hope:-)
I would be sick on my three day weekend off. Blah!
Favorite beer? Go.
How you wanna be SMACK but you cry over pussy! Smh
WHY am I getting emails about Medicare enrollment?? I'm getting old, but not that old. Geez.
Listening to "California" by Joni Mitchell and feeling simultaneously happy and sad.
I am starting to agree with you, Leyland made it a point to stick up for his defensive play in the 1st in game one
how you doin.... Do you know how to treat someone in bed and out.. lol ur st8 right?
Game Time Athletics would like to welcome Ian Smart to the family. 2010 is ours... Get to know him!!!
You should #FF she's a funny cunt!
"How's everyone feeling tonight?!?"
If Monday was a disease, it'd be AIDS.
you going to the summit tomorrow girlie?? (:
idk bro I work
i fuckin left my laptop charger at my cuzin house WTF!!!! is wrong with me
thank you for the follow!
A Big Happy Birthday today to !
Bom dia galera ! Good morning everyone ! Wish you all a great day
Happy Opening Day!! Go Rangers!
Say a prayer for true gentleman and friend Dwight Arrington Myers...AKA Heavy D. He is with the LORD today and forever more...
uh no. lies you tell lmao..
pay raises are the rounding errors we get each year.
Looks like I'm done with my taco diet - I just realized I spent over $700 eating out last month. WTF.
Why do boys think its okay to just message you on fb even though you've never talked to them in your life? No that's creepy.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery unless get Howard this is da destination
The volcano taco?
Its pretty bad that Natyla doesant even get an entrance anymore. #smackdown <OVER THE LIMIT12>
what brings that up?
#Shiticantstand seeing some fat ass wearing the same shit you got and look sloopy in it..
“I just saved a fortune in gym fees by dancing to GEMINI….and you can too!” – Jane Doe GEMINI at Britton Tavern Thursday @ 8:00
tapers as 2g :( my right is fine but my left isn't. :(
Yes i am part Colombian. And black. And white. So shutup.
Go #Bucks Go!
Kanye's as stupid as Bush.
That guy from New York is back.
Sixth Sense was not M. Night's first movie... or his second.
Yer assuming a lot and arguing with your perceptions of others' positions: Nobody said helmets were end-all safety
<U+272F><U+272D>You've Embarked on My 'QUOTE' Bonanza!!! who knows you just might see your very own quote RT'ed. ENJOY!!! ~ <U+272F><U+272D>
Watching #couplestherapy this show is pretty interesting.
My alarm clock is jealous of the relationship I have with my bed ^_^
did you play infamous 2 yet? That game is insane....
Don't. Forget you run Mondays , Mondays don't run you. Have a great week tweeples
hi, how are you?
my new fav fashion inspiration! Xo! ;)
My Twitter account was hacked today so, sorry again to anyone that got messages from me.
jam get up big guy
We are loving it here :) Thanks to you, , we are sharing our adventures with the world!! :)
I agree.
Also, my #linkedin profile is in dire need of an update.
It was good. I think most comedians can act in drama very well. I just rarely want to see it. :)
The stars of our party? wines, food, & beer! So much more enjoyable than the Hollywood kind.
Haha, no worries, just bagging on you. Happy Wednesday!
": Packing for Nashville. It's about to go down." He said she didn't have no nipples!!!!"
Just get the Vandy mascot to have your back, he likes to punch Vandy students.
DO ME QUICK FAV? TELL PPL FOLLOW ME AND CHECK MY MUSIC OUT:)
Restaurant go by the words 'cross contact' for allergies. We feel it is time for common language. suggestions?
true story
Work school work school work school that's all I seem to do anymore but it'll all pay off in the long run
that's what's up bra. I'm proud of you. Love seeing my dudes get that paper
Starting Jacob Have I Loved by Katherine Paterson for our version of #nerdbery and Threats by Amelia Gray for me.
Yeah, I don't expect the Sixers to hang too tight this series.
Why so much hype about the bulls not getting JJ Reddick? I mean he's good and all but...
How do birds always get te worm .....god bless
Final day of the ASHA convention. What a whirlwind couple of days!
i'm a sucker for hazel eyes.
...who I work with, and it'd be fun to have a job where I get to interact with people outside the office, but I'm not too picky
And make sure you understand the grind that comes with the glamour.
Well it's dead now.
Wow I'm Gen X and I am not alone! Phew.
forreal doe. the guys at my school.. elohfuckingel
What was Tony! Toni! Tone! thinking when they made "Anniversary" I swear its on the verge of Boom Bap but smooth as a MFer
CST helps to boost morale, #teambuilding, increased sales and profits and reduced stress and dissatisfaction
Hans Haacke ; Francis Bacon or Alexander McQueen are all up there!
I have Justin Buchanan scheduled for Chapel, but can't get thru via email to confirm. Do U have other contact info?
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)1
I think I have a reply figured out in my head. I'm wondering why I feel bad; seriously, this guy has some racist tendencies.
Agreed on both fronts. I enjoy soccer so much more. Only one commercial break the entire game.
I think about mullets differently since
like big poppy almost threw up with joy he misses you so much..
sounds so tasty!
constantly gives jay cutler face to receivers after dropped passes, bad routes and dates kristin cavilleri
y'all ain't winning tonight's game but we will see what the free throws stats are if the refs cheat like always for LA yep
. got it right on had got to go. I don't care who wins now; shoulda been
Did you know, that in London, pop 12 mil, their number of rough sleepers (eq to our PIT count) on any given night is 425? Wow!
Other common troubles: Finding writing ideas, getting distracted, learning to use WordPress.
Today is Follow Friday #ff, standby for our suggestions for the day!
If you waited till the last minute you are in luck, all St. Patrick's Day shirts are $5!!!
it would be great to have them in Clairemont! A few members of Team Zapf have signed up already
I want to see myself in your point of veiw.
With a voice like that, I'd love to do an interview with him. DM if you know who I'd need to talk too
i wish i was a hurley girl
Still in bed :] hyfr
1700 on tax returns baby!
“ It’s handling the pressures, the difficulties and the setbacks that make you who you are.”
I wish I had a pellet gun to shoot at other cars at Penn Station to make them move around the goddamn circle like they're supposed to.
&quot;what questions can we take on in combinations with partners from around the world? With our expertise and with our potential&quot;
Excited about seeing #BlueLikeJazz again - this time with gc@ night friends.
uh oh! Trying to impress potential inlaws!
Impressed by the student who gamely filled in for absent yoga instructor today, w/o prep. Learners can become teachers w/ community support
hate my acne D:<
No worries. Didn't write it for them anyway
My bf comes home today!!! :-)
Welcoming Leni, Christian and Charlie...thank you for your support! Stay tuned for great things to happen in our lives...
Dealing w/ this concept as the overall cost to the house doesn't really mean that an e-book itself costs more to produce than print.
The Day Ahead: Packed Calendar but Few Market Moving Contenders
sure it did
To Catch a Predator does prescreening? Who knew.
Can't wait to go home to the CLE to check out Bspot with gotta be better than a Boston burger...
So true. Was ready to kiss the parkway east when i moved home.
i can't be breaking down this bad. my head is gonna start hurting again. Please yadeli, get yourself together. I can do this
Eastern time? Very suspenseful! RT : I strongly recommend reading Danger Room at 6:30 a.m. tomorrow.
Tonight we've got , & in the house! Can I get a UNSK UNSK???
When did I end up in a position to be speaking about thousands of dollars casually?
Puppies should probably come with a 6 month supply of paper towels.
Congratulations.. It's never too late!
Delicious ass meal right there!
At Rutgers history convocation, waiting for Dr. Kate to get her diploma from the history department.
Happy new year ever1 :) i wish the best for every1 in 2012 <3
@ Thank you! We are gonna keep pushing to help make that happen.
Real jobs aren't that cool at all ... Selling drugs for 8 hours has to be more entertaining.
See jazz great John Clayton with his holiday trio-Gerald Clayton and Kevin Kanner-Benefit for ASMAC& LA Jazz Society-Dec 6 www.asmac.org
Me too :D RT Morning, peeps. Happy 1st day of spring! Loving the Google Doodle today.
RT : NAVTEQ workshop at #MobilizeConf users are willing to drive out of the way to collect points and collect data
BTW, i forgot to tag some previous answers...haha. sry!
I was gonna say #theresthedoor but wanted to make sure all is well
Cowboys and Aliens is now playing! See it tonight ta 8:45 and stick around for Scott Pilgrim vs the World for only an extra $5!
Thinking abt attending the Nat'l Preservation Conference? Watch the #PresConf hashtag this week while our team is in host city Spokane, WA.
I wish being crafty was my day job. So much more fun than the alternative.
The career politicians tried to stop Herman's momentum tonight, and it didn't happen - he came out stronger.
Do you like self-checkout lanes at stores -- or do you avoid them at all costs?
Birthday Cake Remix on BLAST 6am in the morning
Yeah, it's official...our medical staff likes to cut and ask questions later. We need to rebuild. Check this out:...
Nope RT : QUESTION: what did God say?.. or you ain't worried about that huh?
What was the word?
Every finish line is the beggining of a new race.
So excited for my first red carpet event launch party tomorrow in Hollywood!! So many A-list celebrities are coming!!
but then again, she brought you up and made you a superficial little whore.
can someone tweet me
oh no! I hope the rain obeys your commands!! >_<
of course! Next time!! Hope you can get tickets for the concert! x
Rumor has it that if you do in Bend the water is actually warmer than it is in Portland true/false?
I think 40+ years, especially under the old moniker "digital computing." Will look for link.
Go to Soul Burger!
Tweet tweet tweet
love Thursday night live & I go there every Saturday to pick up my farmers market csa bag. Love downtown!
Ok, you're followed! :)
yeah it did
Chair Entertainment Continues to Push Apple Game Platform with Infinity Blade II
#schoolmemories beating this bitch ass in front of the whole gym just because she looked at me wrong LOL made the hoe change schools
#celebrityapprentice why does Lou have to always want to do the hulk thing.Oh wait that all he can do.
looks like I'm reading go look hell this wknd
good afternoon ling, happy thursday to you
Thank you for the lovebug!!!
So crazy! “: did you get to see Tupac? #Coachella #soworthit”
I wish I was sitting next to you instead of this man that WREAKS of Indian cuisine.
do it lol there's nothing wrong with some friendly competition ha
I wish i could reverse time...
Wine-not! ;) RT : Drive the pace car for the 500!
lots to do but u need lots of $$
not too much tv. u are a musician? I am a song writer-singer.
i think so, too. “: i think the cindy anthony lady is italian mom too-remember that troll?”
Thank you kindly Sir!!
RT Must. Stop. Thinking. Of. It. As. Onanistic. Ocelot.
I'm moving if your not get out my way cause I'm not slowing down or pumping my brakes get money gang
m yummy
server even said "don't tip me" and comped a piece of cake, but couldn't comp the entree as she should have
Tables are all sold out for the Mystique Masquerade Ball Next Saturday at Society Nightclub. It's going to be one big night in Portland.
Mike Emrick is going to absolutely lose it when someone scores
wonderful to have you here!
#Zizek to cheering #ows crowd: We are not dreamers. We are the awakening from a dream that is turning into a nightmare.
I'M FEELING GOOD.....
We all know Calipari teams can't shoot free throws, right? RIGHT?
Congrats to all of the 2012 Falcon Regiment officers! I'm so excited for next year.
All I can say is bravo to the haircut on the show last night. Much better!!
My sleep schedule is just.. Really messed up.
Hear talk about his big failures! Watch our NEW SHOW "My Big Fat Failure" Feb 26th, 9pm on
lol duh (: think about it :P
Our Volunteer Guild is the best! Thank you, ladies for bringing some unexpected holiday "cheer" to our staff this afternoon!
Old woman smells like old woman
Won't be home for 's Ustream tonight DD:
Ha This is so funny, but true!
Gunna be 80 degree next three days?? Tank top time in Tennessee!!
I feel the same way and I like that i feel I am living in a new country... Change is good lets take it all the way
I have a comedy show on the 29th please cum see me at the laugh lounge its free bring ur friends
Petrino out at Arkansas
#amexwholefoods missing the river street whole foods
When ever i actually think about the combination for my locker, I cant remember it.
I'm mad at and right meow
it could be worse. But it could be better. Our bags are in Philly. We might not even get them back in time for our trip <U+E413>
It took about a dozen lines of code (and a few lines of comment) to scrape AHA session descriptions
You're in housing, right? Where will you be this summer?
mo drinking solo.
Just watched your new video... It made me smile so much when I didn't think I could right now (: Thank you!
They are ill discoverers that think there is no land, when they can see nothing but sea. Francis Bacon
it would make my day if i got a happy birthday from you! :)
thanks for the include!
Alcohol is a very patient drug. It will wait for the alcoholic to pick it up one more time. ~ Mercedes McCambridge
Happy Osborne officially introduced at Montgomery County today. ... Good to see him back in the Bluegrass!
I swear I'm going blind
that's so true
Halloween is better
yep no prob could you help me get more followers
#clbrt2012 that's a beautiful "network" image. wow.
shout out to
these phones really shouldnt have been called smart phones because they act dumb as hell
I'm still held accountable as the same person. I have same face, and same fingerprints. I can't hide behind an avatar
dying on the floor people better make you #1 on keek
oh, I found it--never mind. Thanks for that--makes me feel better I'm not the only one! =)
I hope you slept well. We love you :)
Alright awesome.
thanks Nick!
ever get into that funk where you just dont feel special?....
Dave Cowell at the noise factory here Memphis and also hit trauma studios also in memphis
Got the munchies? In the last 4 days we've posted new coupons from 6 different pizza companies! Clip n Save! www.denver4less.com
I see some Conservatives want #trayvonmartin parents to be quiet and stop talking. I thought they were all about pro-life and family values
That's not what I said, or what this argument is about, I said they COULD BE better than STANFORD.
#lucky7jig - Loving Jazz in the Gardens
np haha but she kinda is...
"Know the true value of time; snatch, seize, and enjoy every moment of it." - Earl of Chesterfield
12:30AM - Two day to put togher a scope doc for a data warehouse system. this is crazy. Need to sleep!!!!
it happens randomly but literally this entire bar turns gray and stays that way until the application is restarted(...)
RT : Got a walking tour, lunch with group , then a bus tour after lunch. This is going to be an awesome day.
What's with the skull in the first picture?
Agreed...especially on a sunny day!
Yes, YUAG does follow the Open Access policy, but it is important to note that it pertains only to works in the Public Domain
Grow up, do the right thing for the #O'Brien kid!
we have YOU to thank for this! You've been our #1 supporter from day one, and we REALLY appreciate it. :)
I'm at UCLA for a meeting with the director. Wish me luck!
South Korea & Japan lead the world in broadband penetration with 91% and 88% respectively.
followed him back sir
check out my twitcon?
I just got carded and curiously don't feel any younger.
must be the demon in him. *smiles softly at jason*
Now I'm out of this one.
Reading my daughter's first manuscript... priceless...
but it's an antiquated way of looking at things. somewhere between those two camps is a golden nougat of undiscovered, pre-developed artists
#Hopslam is being priced as we speak. Should be cold and available tonight.
also I might need to be on that show...
Hey stranger. How goes it? Where does life find you these days?
Where would you like to see Social Cycle tours next? PB, North Park, Hillcrest, Encinitas, etc? Let us know your thoughts!
Making a run to greenfield nursery in beautiful Mt. Washington for tree supplies. Hope my wallet doesn't force me to buy shrubs.
#OneThingIDontLike when people bring up your past ..
Thank you Mike!
thanks for spreading the word!
no comment..
I'm home... but my phone broke :)
#ESPN Gamecenter App just said 2-0 #Capitals. Right after Seguin tied the gm. Further proof that ESPN doesn't follow hockey.
I like both teams
Haha, i completely understand.
that. Is. Awesome.
“: That goal from is also the 700th in club history. #SportingKC” Let's finish Dallas and send them home with zero pts
Trying to line up more interviews for my show. Want to do an interview?
Nice one!
Really want to play poker but can't for 5 days, watching my neice
just chilling before work
SO U STILL GOT THE LINK FOR YOUR BOY?
merry Christmas buddy!
I might just be the only person who loves sol week..
is on the air with & ! Tune in for a chance to win a gift cert to our restaurant
If they pass #NDAA-CISPA-OK 30,000 US spy drones voted continue Patriot Act & Gitmo shouldn't they be wearin a mask?
Hey. It's Topperstix day. Just ordered 6 triple orders for the Lab.
We don't get much Russian news out here. What are they thanking him for?
Yawn, yawn lollapalooza. Yawn.
Font on envelopes that looks like handwriting does not make me think "personal touch".
dont hurt her, jus check her a lil bit then if she still dont get it... Checkmate her ass, yup thats how we do it.
That is a heavy cross to bear for the whole family! I hope she's able to get better soon!
"baby hair" miller clutch freethrows
Urban Meyer: I will always be a Gator. However this is my home state and I'm glad to be here.
#wuss is still a no-show after two days.
Wondering if twitterers tend to double dip-- does one post the same thing on facebook and twitter?
Sweet goal by Yaya to have 2-0 victory Manchester City over Newcastle United!
People are rude.
aha we don't even live nearby!! Lol
adorable dog is adorable. any argument would be invalid.
new One Direction album out today... EEK! or eh?
Oh man. Hilarious and brilliant. outdid himself. Seriously, Twitter should always be that entertaining.
RT : Chicago weather is like some women.... It cannot seem to make up it's mind.
Problems in the home is not something Cantania can legislate. My point is gpa is a bad benchmark until th is grade parity.
These ghetto birds chirping it up in Harper Woods mighy early today!
My EP is gonna be super dope!!
thanks i spent a lot of time on it !
Curious about the macro effects of 2011's terrarium trend. Half joking.
Quote: "When the character of a man is not clear to you, look at his friends." Japanese Proverb
thank you Bas you are the best
how do i get more people on here to follow me....HELP
sounds good, just a thought.. I want to meet the team
yeah it was half assed. hes such a snake
“: Jamming out to some before work! #WhyTheFunk” FUCK YEA!!
Yo, Mates from #DownUnder! Welcome to the family! Great to have you all!
We are very impressed-- nice work!
One time I did that I went to take my dog out came back in nd had 73 interactions haha
Denver Uke Ensemble doing "Girl From Ipanema"
We'll probably wrap #thatcamp SE around noon or early afternoon on Sunday. That'll help.
Who got zips for the low?
Your not my only one .
by geographic location you can only be a Pittsburgh or Philadelphia fan, otherwise it's a complete violation.
I want to watch the notebook
GRAND news, that!
#6 Scotty "Fade away" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
Haven't had Swiss Cake Rolls since mom packed my lunches in grade school. Just finished a whole box in one week. #pregnancy cravings
No. My friend of eight years.
THANKS! I really hope we WIN!! :)
yeah its cool, kind of looks like a wordpress layout but nicer
haha I'm a nerd in history and animals so yeah (: But math is not my thing D: So wassabi ;D
A4: See threads of convos between ppl, jump in the thread when can add value...
#Undeniable drops tomorrow. #RattPack Gonna be dope.
Bucket List Item #1: Say the one liner before the C.S.I. theme song/intro.
Nobody else has such objective, creative & holistic programming! Why I #loveMPR Happy V-Day to you all.
HA! Even better it turns out edited an article started by my pal A small Wiki world we live in.. :)
you so need to apply to do viz for recovery.gov- is an awesome graphics designer but is in Austin! come to DCcodeathon too?
SHOUTOUT TO GO FOLLOW NOW!! (:
Oh good! In theory I should be unjailed in 5 minutes.
GOOD LUCK AUSTIN
1st time in history the words hip and Romney ever close to being in same sentence
$85 for a Cards championship sweatshirt and you're telling me we couldn't afford to keep pujols??
I don’t know what I’m doing tonight, but I know what outfit I’m wearing and that is half the battle!
I need it.
I wish I could tweet how good this pasta sauce smells.
Kipling's Night Mail and and London's Scarlet Plague, the first two titles from books are now available at Pazzo! Don't dawdle.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-06
flight chief going to Edwards.
that's the problem......you can't get a girl to do a woman's job
What took you to Souderton?
What's the name of the play the speaker just mentioned?
Dear , I think you are amazing, and when I am a famous chef, I am going make you the greatest vegetarian meal ever. Love, Vick
Oh, of course--I see what you mean. Thanks!
i went from 195 2 199 all i need is i more follower and ill follow the first 10 who follow me and im watching
He iss, he has a crush on youu.
Im back on facebook too so add me...... Ive been having a good time on the west coast but i miss Yall in the Chi....
Absolutely loving our D tonight!! Dragic already with 10 assists before halftime
Yeah... it's still pretty sad. WiFi needs to be ubiquitous at conferences.
2012 Phenom Camper ° Jr Phenom: Trae Young °Rising 8th °Norman, OK °Travel Team: GTH Elite/ Athletes 1st °Point Guard 5’9
best of luck to you man! Everything happens for a reason.
A girl committed suicide last night because of bullies. She was only 15 How many people are gonna die until we realize bullying isn't a joke
takes a long time to read the same essay question answers 44 times!
and i love claytonn! ;)
Excited to see tomorrow up close and personal in Studio C. Thanks cities 97 for hooking me up!
Please request what email address you would like to have
you know I will!
David Beckham looks so hot in the Adidas commercial
This jaywalker near UNMH was stumbling he was drunk of the #zombieapopcalypse has started
Adam James booed heavily by Texas Tech fans at Alamo Bowl last night
Stay away from gossiping friends. When you're away guess who's the topic of their conversation? That's right! You!
How are you following me if you have not been on since Jun 25th?
SO ready for Rolds class.
aw ok lol
thanks for the RT on the home tour! we like doing the event (if the weather is nice, fingers crossed!)
1st: shut up; 2nd: Her name is Dutch, and also Marklan.
Thanks for the mention. Glad you dig the Ancient Art Podcast.
One day, when agrees to pay for my surgery (aka buy super glue).
Relaxing Sunday evening!
Im editing videos
: anyone know what kind of watches were given to the boys of '62?
I gorged on google earth last night. #embraceyourinnergeek ()
Great article! The differences between leadership and authority are definitely growing wider in today's world.
I've never known you to be emotional and pissy! (unless copy insn't in by 2pm on Friday) hahahaha
watched Ides of March last night - beginning was good then turned into a bit of a BS story down the stretch...
Had an amazing time at #ALLA2012 Cannot wait to do it again next year!
Wake up spider! Time to die.
17 , NO kid(s) , & about to graduate . Thank God <U+E41D>
are representing at #HIMSS this week--can't wait to hear about it!
Hey Miranda, thanks for the RT. Amazing how the little brown thing is such a huge icon, eh?
yea ill be down the werk after next
Want to SWIM ;)
Storage is cheap, but the more you keep, the more you have to go through to find what's "important." It's a trade off I guess.
Aaron Williams speaking now
good going chicka , only 4 more parts to go! Maybe do lunch or coffee before ur first pool training session. lemme know
of course the only way to remove it is painful: listen to it. It's a pattern stuck in your brain that requires a reset
what good is that? let's pity someone who doesn't deserve it. like Mitt Romney. what a prick. don't you feel sorry for him?
We catch up with UT hoop legend Travis Mays in a few minutes on the #Fox 7 Sports Edge.
follow me?<34
What position do the Ravens need to focus on in the offseason?
I don't think so, if a new reader walks into a shop he doesnt have to ask why is Nick Fury white? The less barriers the better
#actorsloungelive jackie brown
I know what I want to accomplish and I know how to get there. The ultimate goal is to be the best. Whether that’s the best ever who knows?
I feel like I cheated a winter haha
Congratulations!! we R such Aug Natl. fans, my parents modeled their house after the clubhouse & 1st grandkid named: Augusta!
Ok now...keep-up the intensity....
- in this case, there's a lot to talk about. Don't you think?
Choir rehearsal today after scholar... fml
Its just an all-star game people... When its done Lebron will still be da best in the league & Kobe will be # two to Jordan lol.
Social media guides partners/shareholders to be industry leaders & encourages them to participate in industry groups/discussions.
Bummer to the + strep test, but glad for Metro Immediate Care at 220 L NE & Harris Teeter's antibiotics deal (ie free).
Nice Blunt
is it fun living up there
i dont know man, i think hell hurts worse.
BONESAW IS READY
june I swear to god I will kidnap you if you dont go it with Michale Fucking Graves!!
miss u!
thoughtful and provoking...
Hahaha just watched the funniest video
Mrnin eorld its sunday give the glory to God for brongong you thru enhoy the day n be blessed
all of em you got some nice compositions
I'll believe it when Favre dies RT *puts away #FavreHorn* RT : Report: Bears not interested in luring Favre to Chicago
Food Diet To Lose Weight And Gain Muscle | Lose Pregnancy Weight
I was quoting mike g.. Soz
Yes, that link worked.
here's an up and coming for ya.. Roy Nelson
Ah. I worked out to much today.
Happy Monday everyone! Come in tonight and enjoy amazing Korean BBQ while watching Monday Night Football on our big screen TVs!
Rolling papers are so much better than reciepts...
Theres only 1 thing 2 say, those 3 words, thats what i'll do....i love...i love you! :)
Wow, I would definitely support this ALL the way!
Good Morning! We look forward to connecting with you and your community. We offer Prescription Assistance.
I'm so bad at life
thank you. i needed that.
Thanks clients! March was a Record Month! We love to make your cards and other marketing products while saving ur bucks!
Wellesley Recreation to host antique appraisal
Check out the Cybertour: Six Sigma & Electronic Resource Management at 10:30 this morning.
Going out shopping for my mom. I Love her too much.
Settings---->Protect Tweets. Not hard aha
when is the next time your comming to chicago...!?!?
Jarrett lee totally invalidates the theory that you improve while watching from the bench
The return of the Boxty: Thin Potato Griddlecake Stuffed w Zesty Turkey Sausage, Aged Cheddar, Arugula, Fried Eggs, Chive Caper Cream Sauce.
LOL how my mom says she has "game" . No you dont !
i have nothing to regret
you're the only one!
So my hubby , found the right car for me :)
Cute profile pic(:
ah, ok. Well thankfully it's not your personal vehicle, that would really suck.
"Get motivated." ~ James Scott Bell
Cuddling with my babygirl watching baby looney tunes...
Next week is the last week of our first sessions of ADAPT X and Women-only 5am. How's everyone holding up? We'd love to hear from you?
Had oyster for the first thanks to the #MATC culinary students.
Its more where that came from
#NoGrownAssMan should be supporting a hoe if his mother struggling.
u still up
Wait but don't make me work today :(
Kaka and Marcelo: Brazilian super subs
via : Tickets for match against Sounders FC on 6/30 go on sale today at 10am. Last year's match sold out, don't wait.
Prophetic Presbytery is a vital tool, function needed in the local church!
Watched and two of the stars of our movie were on it tonight, and Ravi Kapoor!!
": WOW it's crazy right now !!! March madness is the best" I'm loving it too. Leaving for drupalcon tomorrow.
I've seen the dirty books one, which is very cool and already in the essay I'm working on. Very cool stuff, isn't it?
The rain has cleared 4 now. Taking some time to enjoy paradise and give thanks for all those who have and continue to serve-TYG!
is single , b/c why have one girl when he can have thousands of us loving him for who he really is <3
ill be by your side ill always find a way i love you to much to leave ya
#health #tip: for every 1 lb you lose, there are 4 lbs of pressure taken off your knees.
CAREFREE WHEREVER YOU MAY BE
just want to know details, what exactly he was charged with, and what he pled guilty too. Really curious to the age of the..
Sold out when I went. Ended up with a Candice Cameron doll. Ugh!! RT I slept with him Ok.. It was a Kirk Cameron doll but...
I'm sorry. <33
But I was (possibly the only person) excited about an Irving/Davis backcourt for stretches!!
Hated him, but Steve Young. Not even close...
i love listenin to my 7yr old sing to me :)
RT : We can let circumstances rule us - or we can take charge and rule our lives from within ~ Earl Nightingale
lol:bet they dont try 2 ride bikes on STs barely wide enough 4 2 cars & then demand 3' to pass. also, euro bikers R not jerks.
Wisking egg whites to stiff peaks by hand = P90X for your forearms...Torta Di Noci
I think the inside of my nose smells bad
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
Club Sirius tonight ill be live in the video mix till 2am lets do the damn thing!
Ah thank ya!
Thank you! I just sent you another email. Sorry we won't get to meet but let's try to chat later next week. Shelley
guess its back to that ole shyt then huh?!?!?! henor henor (sinister laugh) lol
Fight for wat you want!!!!
The not-so-intelligent design of my hairy bunghole astounds me.
i can be your hero
": dash the blackberry after dem ahaha" innit though kmt
Its carnival time and everybody's havin' fun! Al johnson
on a fixie and one hand on the bars, so the bottles are in the other hand
Late for the Sky is one of the finest songs ever written.
just got off the road...bout to work on some music man..
aha well atleasy they were your friends!
": Smiling is contagious. " :D
No, you're hilarious. ;)
Did you see no show the main event when Rumble missed weight? Didn't think so.
Both grandma's gone now!
lol i understand
Companies should be the best possible place to practice fulfillment, to live out values and to realize deep connectivity and purpose.
When you talk to Cutler, let him know I thought he was great as the Lorax.
I am! Thanks for the link.
Oh No say it isn't so for Lloyd Christmas.
Music always sounds better when ur upset.
": Back in Germany #home" Please come see us again next time in Milwaukee. Great having you!
Check out Googles animated Mothers Day Logo!
Well, that sucked. Happy haters?
And then there's the karaoke.
thing is, there are entrenched interests that want to keep govt interface difficult to preserve their bus. model. (Turbotax)
Video from babar My Phone
I picked up a copy of PowerCLI Reference over the weekend myself. Can't wait to start scripting!
WAH WAH WAH EVERYTHING IS GRAY AND SUCKS EXCEPT
Wonderful progress made with putting on the Social Map today. Productivity is awesome.
Did you get some camera practice in today? Find a busy bug or insect & make a pretty picture. Use it's good side! Tomorrow: hand jive
there aint shit on tv but negativity
Today has been the slowest day it's almost like someone keeps sneaking in and turning back the clocks
Tis the Season to be jolly ;)
Save time, save money! We come to you to handle all your vehicle needs, from oil changes to tune-ups.
which Elon college (location) would like to follow
Way to go, world peace.
I have taken so many pictures! I hope my grandma gets me a new one lol :P I want a camera upgrade lol :P
any. i will come to you and we can figure it out? sound good?
Interception! Go #Huskies!!!
saturday we wont be able to have our bonding time only during my break and i doubt that will happen
Hope the cover jinx works!
RT: : Romney: "I'm not worried about poor people. They have Groupons."
Finished rewriting chapter 6. Now, it's back to the script! It's a wonder what you can accomplish once you turn off the TV.
Shit just got real!!
Ya. Having a plan is obviously for pussies.
FOLLOW ONE MORE PERSON
miss you, dolls!!!! we need Sunday night Whitney, starfish, and fireworks. love you all!!
#myweddingsong- Stand by Me by Ben E. King, very old but so good
RT if you love the ICONic Boyz
IN THE BOOTH. TAKE ONE
Love the slide guitar on Lunatic Fringe!
was just thinking the same thing about my mom, ur babí
OMG YOU ARE SO LUCKY!!!! :) CONGRATS <3
1month from now, I'll be able to go on fb(:
Lewis Hyde writes a lot about commons in cultural context.
I feel like I never have time for anything anymore I'm either doing something for school or at work :(
Must abbreviate my words more on twitter..my uber social app won't work! (?!?)...
That sounds way too adorable...! RT Hope there is a puppy pit (like a ball pit but with puppies)
Now I am excited to visit Hoboken, NJ this summer!
I Want it That Way RT : Tipdrill RT : What's your favorite Michael Jackson song?
Tonight. Reggae. Social Lounge.
Millennials are the future. Gen-X is now. Boomers largest but will start to decline
Heading 2 the Peridontist 4 Cory 2 have minor oral surg (gum grafts), still, a Mother doesn't like her kids 2 hurt ~ not even 1 little bit!
Would like to go to a shooting range! :)
dear christ...
nope nothing at all <3
Coughing up a lung! Ugh!
No more junk food
I need a Talent Agent !
Let's hope its sooner than later. :o)
Depeche Mode's "Fly On the Windscreen" sounds so good on the radio!
That's nasty, hopefully Napoli doesn't leave the game....
hey hey
In Chicago we celebrated Sweetest Day in October, it's supposed to be for guys.
hell yea
tune in, turn on, drop out
Such a great crowd so far at THATCamp Texas 2012 @ utalibrary
I love that! Have a wonderful day.
I am starting to wonder about Bettman. I heard the NHL All Star game for 2013 is Columbus. Glendale was also on the list.
Just wondering. When did the word THE get dropped from the word PROM?
O wow, much needed break
RS1 authored Maroon Prime, a ONE man piece, re the rise of Jean Jacques Dessalines, hero of Haitian independance.
I have to run. It was great chatting with everybody tonight.
6 Cast members join Josh. Great insight. They've been working together as a cast for a few years now
Lee Ranaldo in-store at today at 6 PM. Free, of course :-)
u gon do olympics one day?
but its kind of creepy how he knows my name and I'm glad he's ok
that doesnt really help me out
Can't wait! Looking forward to pouring 08 CF tonight with food pairing
where do you get this stuff? Hilarious!
WCCOBreaking: A tornado has been spotted near Highway 100 and Interstate 694 on the northwestern side of the Twin cities. Hope u ok
Charlie Laavalle thanks Stan Thompson of The Heinz Endowments & Kevin Jenkins of The Pittsburgh Foundation for their support of the
Again LA...he wasn't the MVP. You sound stupid.
look at you gettin out on a thursday. 2 weeks in a row.
Turned out to be a decent weekend!:) and not working as much through the week!:)
Hate to get flogged out !
[Matthew4:23;9:35+Psalm103:3] Lord Christ went about teaching & preaching the gospel of the kingdom & also healing every sickness & disease.
biking helps me fight depression. I try to do at least 10-15 miles a day...but tonight I drink @ a greek wedding!
Where can we find out about Listen?
Week in Style Hello, 2012! Glam Fairy and Wicked Fit stars shared their resolutions with us. Ooh, and there was one big announcement,too
Did Esperanza do Portland proud or what?
Stay tuned there just may be a #FatTuesday suprise special at 5pm today at
I just danced my face off. I may be unrecognizable for some time.
Hi we met at CMO Summit in Dallas. Would <3 to talk some more about peoplebrowser I may be interested in using it at BSG
No now!
I hate it when I fall asleep during a good show, now it doesn't make sense!!
are you gonna give him some extra motivation? ;)
I'm making this trip bearable by listening to One Direction.
2100 is still stnd Press Size and they still think it's "HighRes". I'm still inclined to 3000+. Maybe compromise at 2500+
Local woman let her 7 year old boy with her in the toilet, he got down on his knees and started checking out girls from under the doors :S
Direct from : I love you Hun
Colds suck ass.
Why does it that & R always drunk on the 4th hour of the seriously people they are always drinking !*)
so looking forward to hosting you in Miami next Tuesday! members are ready to Release their Brilliance!
Justin is coming up!! :D
Here's to old dogs and long tales.
no problem Reid!
she's awesome.
Aloha & good luck to No. 6 as they compete this week in the Spring Fling Tournament in Honolulu, HI!
SUCH A HARD DECISION!!!!!!! ah
bahaa- quit that silly girl!! ;) #havefun &
UK fans make their half court shots. And the only get one try
You are my constituent, and please oppose SOPA and PIPA
in the "NBA" playoffs. Who is your team?
Sorry, I don't have any info on Rob Hart.
20-zip Brewers over Pirates........... YIKES what a whoopin'
hey everyone, is like freaking amazing. shes > jbeiber & even > crayons . #SMiLE hehe <U+E404>
Forgive me everyone. I am a reality show junkie and those shows get me going sometimes. lol
Going to Donna's house with Reece to see Jake and Bones tomorrow :)
Every woman deserve a good man, yes this is true... But I think she should experience a ass hole first... #Then she'll know the difference.
I think going to miami is going to be good for his career. I am SO happy for him he deserves all of it. This is what he wants support him.
Hey! He tackled me when I tried getting a picture with you .. No hard feelings. <U+2764>
Shocked is the only word I can think of to describe the news about Junior Seau.
"Your lemon squares taste like ass!"
awe my bff 2 damn gorgeous
If I'm allowed to pick I always choose a window seat that doesn't have a wing-view for perfect picture opportunities. BEST!
I feel like goin to sleep for a really long time
Gm tweeps $alute ! Dreams don't work unless you do!
Nope, it was time to spread the wealth and send our marketing coordinator this year.
Do you have any fitness goals for 2012? If so, i'd love to help you stay on track. Let me know how I can help YOU reach your goals:)
The Falcons could have told them this for free. “: Arkansas finds Petrino was misleading, manipulative and deceptive”
Im bout to show u some new shit girl...yeah
Wait for it....“ Paul folks obligated to vote for Romney on 1st Tampa ballot, but... #nvgop”
I still feel on the fence....like maybe some people like it? No?
I'm so upset. I'm not angry or pissed, I'm just completely sad..
so glad you enjoyed Take the Monkeys and Run! I can't hear that enough :-) -- Karen
ha.. ive never experienced that feeling.. nothing ever renders perfectly in ie7!
You're on dude.
I was playing xbox with my lil bro and when he won said " oh hell yeah!! Now kiss my ass Karina" #lmfao made my day
You ever feel like a #forceofnature cause I do.
aw thanks bailey :)
dammit. I got nothing.
I think it would be awesome if you had a special with someone notable from Philadelphia about the Philly fans,tasers puking etc
Celebrating a birthday or any occasion? We would love to host it! DM us & book your table/party today for
made it (and two hours earlier than expected no less).
train for a marathon and then get back to me. training for a half has been hell.
I'm almost done recording that song I'm writing, the one I showed you. It's hella chill
on my couch...where you at
Is something wrong with drinking
has the EVER been a better Backup QB performance in the NFL? 6 TDs?
hey girl!!! Long time no talk! How are you???
Like those gamer babe distractions
Okay, Louisville, you can shut the fuck up now.
You always look so gorgeous! and your daughters are all so freaking cute! xo
Boy breaks up with u, u plead him to take u back, when he does, u break up with him...
Sure thing! You guys make understanding #credit easy-breezy.
Keep your hopes up high and you heads down low
i hate when i'm nervous & can hear it in my own voice. this has gotten MUCH better over time though
baby we can go nowehere but up <3
haha yeah, im trying to get my twitter game up to par
Sanford pushing for trout farming
#FindDoug you are so close!!! But I can't leave work! Uugghh!!!!
wow..chacho's. Hope you enjoyed!!
#firespaz Who loves taking a knee to end the half more than Frank Spaziani?
Awwe thanks.. yikes...this might need some work.
The ObamaCare mandate penalty is an indirect "capitation" tax on a person's right to exist and must be apportioned - it will be challenged!
“: Any copywriters looking for a tiny paying freelance one-off that could lead to more? Easy money.” cc
I shouldn't have been lazy and not wasted my invite to the gala at the met tonight. :( dam
i tired,but i came back,so....idk what to do,i might as wall go back to my 'you know what'!! :( remember my secret,the thing...
Never Let Ur Past Failures Stop Ur Future Success...
Cheers to taking a random free shot with sketchy bartender on your way back from the gym. #carpediem #didthatjusthappen?
ufc 100 lives up to the hype! hendo gets gold star for the flying sledgehammer
She's beautiful. Mine is 15 this year, so he's been around since I was 13. His age is definitely showing.
Roc Me Out!
I hate how long it takes to burn a cd -__-
Three Apps That Will Reveal The Identity Of Unknown SMS Texts
ultimate gamer.
where are you at?
well at least the ancient aliens Fridays tradition is being carried on
I been good how bout u
I'm gonna see him today :)
enjoyed your #flipclass prez! Looking forward to trying it
I'm married to success, fuck failure that bitch is my ex.
daylight savings. bleh. :P
#rakansystems is at the #xam11 event all week! Enjoying the cloud computing boot camp tonight!
Tomorrow should be interesting.
You niggas Betta find some manners
One celebrates the pagan god of fertility and the other is a coincidental man made day to give appreciation to the resurrection of Jesus.
Glad u liked it!
And I want to shout at someone to get out of their own way & shake them!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
What is your favorite summer meal?
I believe I heard they are sending something. Let me double check. Thank you!
Some of my best students are undocumented, they continually out perform "citizens"...
I've been without my phone ALL DAY!! Don't judge.
I dig anyone who plays with the name of an old metal band, esp one that appeared in Pee Wee's Big Adventure. Hats off 2 u!
BFF <3 I Love You
Baby, anyone can get a push up swimsuit to make their boobs look bigger. It's not that difficult.
Top of the Morning to you, sir.
...i've definitely missed something. Good morning, to you both.
Happening now: Movement for non-performers workshop with members! Rock 'n' ... Roll?
I agree RT : Can someone please explain to me how the Alabama kicker was NOT the offensive mvp?
Somebody wanted #AnotherRound, but tha Kid is #Tired...it was a long day..#Tomorro will be here before you know it...
Sorry if my spamming is bothering you.
Officially gonna be living in the Delt House next year with Rooming with you > Living in a single any day.
The teachers' enthusiasm for their jobs, their children and each other is contagious.
Can I text you? xD I'd be freaking out if I could xD
It would be nice outside .... if someone would turn off the oven.
Imagine if there were such things as candy land I swear huge gummy bears chocolate licorice omg anything I wuld be going there 2 a week lol
yeah, I prefer iced tea (un-sweetened, I am sweet enough!). I'm great! How have you been?
ha ha, sad day! I want your job.
Go Lakers! Still mad respect for Nash though!
A car gets 0 mpg when engine is idling; 15 minutes in the drive-thru can burn through a quarter of a gallon!
The moment of enlightenment is when a person's dreams of possibilities become images of probabilities. -Vic Braden
Watching some guys fake boxing. Wowza.
#truthiness in reporting: "studies show" & "research indicates" without proper sourcing
I guess it should be "Illegal Immigrant Says Que?".
finished the hunge games book now gotta move on to catching fire
Jets get called for PI...3rd and 11 for New York
If we can keep our offense off the field, the #Jags just might win this one.
What a beautiful day! :)
The ACUTA office is closed today (MOnday) due to inclement winter weather in the Lexington, KY area.We hope to re-open tomorrow morning.
id love to do this 1 dai ;) have fun!
Do they have to though?
Aw shitttty bummer dude
can't wait to have a little girl so she can be in some juicy onesies!!
I like a long hair thick red-bone, open up her legs and filet mignon that PUSSY
You can do it! We are almost there.
Your writing voice is like porn - you know it when you see it or hear it. - (#FavoriteRandomLines)
Yep that's right! Wasn't so bad either... and the concert last night was really a lot of fun... can't wait for the next ones May 6/7
Don’t overuse hashtags. Overuse can decrease your social capital.
u GUYS ARE GOING TO NORWAY? Thats cool
Running in the rain is very relaxing. Who would've guessed?
Wow! Someone's going to have a good night!
#poe born to be in black and gold but I had a doubt so you dont belong in the Burgh good luck but go
um no! hahah
When I post a message on Facebook it posts on Twitter too. Cool!
Shroomin!!!! RT ": Need some excitement in your life? Do drugs"
#Avengers was Amazing! It felt great to be part of a group that still believes in heroes #AMCMarvel Ultimate Marvel Marathon #Hulk >:(
i dont think they would. Well karina wouldnt but idk bout the others lol. Just go sleep ur gonna be thankful tomorrow
Talk about Loyalty in Cleveland lol. Lou Gehrig played for The Yankees in the 30's and 40's and he is still remembered here
Thanks for following!
Silence, Philly.
My boss said leave at 4 pm and go enjoy the sunshine. I'm clearly not going to argue.
Tim Hibbitts is awesome!
Heading into week 4 of Fall Quarter // Cranking out Issue #4 of my Newspaper Internship.
You didn't say this? MT : & dnt cm to thnk is wrth ther time or the BILLION$ ther sit'n on!
Really excited to be going to London for the conference and then onto Dublin for Sun please!
Sitting in Weimer Hall and I overhear two #PR majors refer to their media kit as "OMG so Cute"
yea nd they're hand sign tho. Asdfghjukliofed. IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THEIR CREW NAME LIKE WAT IS THT SHIT
#HappyMothersDay Mommy! I love you!<3 There are no words to describe everything you have done.You mean the world to me.
29 days need to hurry up!
Glad you enjoy our music Katie :)
Fire is like lava.
You learn to deal with the pain & move on...
Who is going to win Flanders?
Great night downtown in our practice space tonight. Stepped in throw up and poop on the way to the corner store and I broke my glasses. -Z
I think I was just hit on by a lesbian. Cross that off the bucket list.
A super chat tonight with Brandon Barklage on
im drunk on you, and high off summer
abuelita is bomb! Looking at you being all awesome and domestic. I miss you!
loving how the beautiful vivian is really getting the twitter up and running :) i love my officers!
After reading many angry tweets, getting a Mumford & Sons ticket seems like a fiasco...glad I'm not a fan XD
TCHRA spring conference! All HR! All day!
I would get in the batters box against Rick Vaughn before he got his glasses
If you get in the habit of answering phones, all they do is ring
Watching the midnight showing of Hellementary & missed the first part of it, Can you play it some more times. Its a great Movie
My passion is my art
I'm scoring WAs liquor privatization init. 1183 media blitz: Awareness 10, Perception -100 i.e. don't give a s%#+ who sells booze!
Hurst: became museum of the native voice, not an anthropological voice. A native, civic space.
Joyful day of birth RT : the 8th of may.
some of the rhymes me and my buds used to say/sing when we were little have really sad and or scary or creepy back stories
Using Google Docs' scripting capabilities to geocode a spreadsheet of addresses this morning. Neat stuff.
We could too!
Good morning
Read most of your book over the weekend and did a lot of exercises. It's an amazing book. :-) Still working though it...
Thanks for the RT. That sitch really happened. I said it to Mark's nieces. They looked at me and said "No, Aunt Mary, no." Haha!
Apparently I should never EVER read the trending topics on Twitter; I end up being too distraught over poor grammar.
The more embarrassing/outlandish the suggestion, the better! Giving y'all full control over my music on the drive home!
thats good to hear man not to many injuries heal right you know, gotta stay smart and posive
#Obama slow-jammed the news on Jimmy Fallon; Romney pissed b/c now he has to figure out what a "slow-jam" is.
love you dawg
Are you *kidding* me? Right when I start to leave the house, the sky turns into Armageddon.
Check out our kick-ass new Twitter
A person with #socialanxiety disorder is afraid that they will make mistakes, look bad, & be embarrassed or humiliated in front of others.
do worry you still look great
What's the name of your podcast?
that's awesome I'm happy to hear that
i need to buy all of the magazines that justin did those sexy photoshoots for ok
Dream big!
Let's fast forward to wed pls! Hinder and saving abel!!!! hope they are good live, too many of my favs have been disappointing lately!
just found out Revision3 was acquired by Discovery. Sounds awesome for you, I hope it is. Congrats!
really awe im sorry love):
Yes I have a friend who drives, happily. I wish I had a sci-fi persona on the internet.
Basketball world; it is I.....
Chillen with elders
Looking for solid drummer, keyboardist/pianist & bassist with professional equipment. Ability to sing is a plus! Contact me for more info!
told you the world was not ending Maya Painting At Xultun, Guatemala: Glyphs Describe Mayan Calendar But Not End Of World (PHOTOS)...
no you wont !
Last man standing
6,416 m/h fastest unmanned rocket sled ever...damn
can't wait for Saturday then <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
questions for Ross Lynch: 1. What do you miss most about not being famous? 2. Would you date a fan? 3. Prom? (jk. Hehe)
Four Graces #wawine tonight. Fabulous meal and service. Thank you.
Mass at SHU then out to dinner with all of the 25 family members that took the trip down! :)
Thankful for every time God gives me a chance to start over again.
I love going to Carnivals in the fall.. <3
Great tour and appreciated the opportunity to learn more about SDPL and meet some of the staff. Busy, buzzing place!
I promise, i'll be the best you will ever get...just please always stand right next to my side.
#bgc8 these bitches is weak and unattractive
How exciting--we've got a house full of Cubs and White Sox fans! The weather should be nice here so we're thinking the beach!
You're 30 years old too damn old to be hyped about Power House
Nobody writing in the 21st Century should begin correspondence with “Dear Sir/Madam” or close with “Yours truly.”
...their cloud storage service is awesome. I agree about the Fire screen, though. Wouldn't stop me over a nook.
Enjoyed the Selene Rendevous this weekend. Thank you to all our Selene customers and Selene Seattle!
#oomf is always texting me some b.s.
Fretboard awareness, bro.
Thinking about Steve Jobs and all the wonderful things he made.
THANK YOU SARAH! Hey if y'all haven't heard this chicks music you should follower her and enjoy yourselves.
No girl. Thank YOU!! I appreciate Beat It Like A Drum, just put on workout playlist!!
goodnight boys!! hope sweden & recording is fun!! :)
Workout #2. Lets get it
Straight guys say big girls have good puzzy
My party train waits for know one. You snooze you left behind. Im out.
": just copped "Crown of Thorns" finally....sorry was sleepin" Dope ass album there!
Need a good rec for dinner resto in DelCerro/Allied Gardens. Something relatively quick, will only have an hour for din-din tonight...Ideas?
Our IT staff is growing. We are seeking SQL DB pros located in the Houston area. If you have any names please pass them on. Thanks.
If you want to feel rich..Count the things you have, that money can't buy..
back on twitter whts been up?
Watching spongebob before bed c;
GET IT LIVE! Explore the Senses. Turn off the TV and head out to a live performance – a play, a music show, zoo/botanical gardens
Behavioral science + crime solving. It was pretty good, just sometimes predictable and/or ridiculous.
": I would rather die a meaningful death than to live a meaningless life. -Corazon Aquino"
"please allow up to 10 days for our automated spam list to remove you" yeah, because if nothing else, computers are slow.
This snow is making me crazy because I'm not in Vermont!!
wish I could be there to give you a birthday spankin! Or hug. Either one. Haha. XO
Im ready for this Stars Nicki Minaj VS Rick Ross......Aye
i woudnt knoww cuz i never GET TEXTS FROM YOU OR TWEETS. scuyummmaa
RT : It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single girl in possession of an empty stomach must be in want of a bagel.
Tornado warning at school :/
How is everyone?(:
haha I feel your pain...from the phone, not the
Sending good thoughts to you. Let me know if I can help.
This we will focus on Arkansas State University.
Just wanted to say thanks for all of the info and advice u put out! Class act indeed!!
is there any singing advice you can give someone struggling to become a famous singer
Attention to all rappers giving your songs a first an last name..example .Nino Brown..DEAD IT!!!
I wonder why only the ICEF charters were listed for LAUSD... hm
Half my TL saying Boosie free, the other half saying he got like 8 years. Which is it?
I am who I am and no one can change that.
go to bed stop tweeting to Paul pierce and Tim Tebow you fag.
Maybe I missed it, but nothing on the home page of The Capitol Times about Mrs Barrett's faux pas. I guess they aren't even trying anymore.
Shopping for my niece at justice, praying they don't ask me if I want a fitting room
when are we going out??? in town oct 21 weekend.
I just want Katy to tweet me back!!
no go to the dance and have fun for me
u dont get how badass this show is. Ita so awesome
Good Morning to all my lovelies, <3
The suspensions of Saints leadership is fair. Can't intentionally try to injure in any sport at any level. Enjoy a year off, SP.
Paul Pierce!!! for 3!!
“: Good luck in the playoffs! #bringthetitlebacktoTexas” Thanks brother! We're going to try!!
Wrap-up session is right after this session finishes (5:15-5:30pm). #THATCamp Games
I've decided I need to have a career with connections so my children can be blessed like I am not.
don't call me out and expect me to not say anything else. you act all stubborn now. umm yeah I tried to apologize,guess you just don't care.
hahahaa awww, of course :) But in return, may i have a follow from you please? .x
hate it when people delete pictures off my camera!
Travis Pastrana is in NASCAR? Oh.
food truck fluffer?
What do you get when your mom bitches you out, you get punched by a child and ditched for a lunch date? #FridaywithFriends Ross, marry me
don't worry I'm not suspicious of you ;)
Why did God give musical gifts to people? There is something about live instruments that brings power to a atmosphere. Enemy knows that!!!
I hope Jessica Sanchez wins American Idol!
Really humble guy. He spent about 20 minutes talking with us. We're on season 3...Hank just got shot.
When working toward the solution of a problem it always helps you to know the answer...
RT RACHEAL REFER A CUSTOMER WHO TRY US OUT. RECEIVE MATCHING FREE HAIR product.
Yay Android love
O Magazine looking for your 1-min video book reviews! Upload at oprah.com/bookvideo What book would you tape yourself gushing about?
Sending out this tweet for when we are murdered in the middle of nowhere Nebraska, the authorities can find me and my phone.
YES ! Come to Aurora, Illinos again? PLEASE ?
real and permanent hood
Nice! I did plan on seeing it this weekend but other plans got in the way. Open for company if you're free!
Just did an awesome radio interview with Jon Lewis from 6PR, Perth Western Australia!
they have shane and I.. thats all they need
Craming in last minute work
my Rx for today MT Allergies bad? says 30 min. workouts speed release of natural decongestant. Let's go for a run!
If the teacher would rather be somewhere else why shouldn't the kids Be in the moment and they will follow
This week's Epicurean Lite menu is posted. See the menu & place your order at www.EpicureanGroup.net
Yay I'm starting to get at least 20 kills a game
There's only one real Jesus:
Win prizes tonight, 9pm, from , , , at SEX TRIVIA!
The way some guys treat their girls is repulsive.
But I completely TOTALLY understand Elena too.
Need help navigating AZ D system Finding dedicated service providers Pos. Beh. supports Development of BTP? I can help
O very nice RT : Q5 I make a "fancy" mac n cheese using blue cheese. Goes well with beef.
Looking for a good caricature artist who can design some new avatars for our podcast and website. Inquire within.
Not at all and coincidentally, I'm about to do a reading of a new play with a chimpanzee lead character! (I'll be 'reading' chimp)
Just watched the #60minutes interview with Walter Isaacson abt Steve Jobs. Interesting perspective into Job's notoriously private life.
can't talk to any of my exs without someone assuming I'm back with them.
dope to see welcome to h town on the mixtape with don cannon.
*insert every curse word here*
Fun Fact: opened for last time he was in Dallas. Now, is having his own concert in Dallas on October 22nd
Catching up on the DVR w/ Love the cameo in Abby's lab on
trapped working inside... while it is finally a spring sunny day outside...
...encumbersome gentility, while witnessing absurdity by others who would attempt to instill some sort of "fear", choosing to destroyinstead
hahaha you're the coolest. :p haha we should talk moar.... :O
You dont have to be related to rep
Yep, it's all ! We've even got a special discount code you can use for 10% off: CoSpace102011.
What a wonderful day
Goin to Disney next Friday <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4>
Dreams Are Like Stars One Blows Up An Another Gets Brighter.
Happy new year!
...no I think I do. Last time I checked I still live in the same city as you.
no not my birthday...lol
your right!! Big head tries to text me by talking in his phone. the mesg is all screwed up. he called me an avenue once.
Right! Three of my favorite things in one - bacon, beer and donuts!
idk just not in the mood to go
Just saw a computer repair shop at OSU called DOS Boot.
Sitting behind the sun....watching the sunres¿ ~ con ~ kcs™
Them allergy season jumpin.off
I'll keep you posted :-)
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn When dey dont call u all day n' all night two days straight! Dats how i found out my ex was cheatin on me!
I only got 4 out of 9. Can you beat my score?
Unless you change,you will always have what you've got. Call 866.854.5513 NOW for your FREE business assessment.
well that tweet was unexpected...<3
we are off to the beach for a run
off to tucson later this week: will report on my impressions
Done!!!! We will buy u a cold one! Btw this is hollerin! Da drummer got love 4 ya!
of course, i am wearing all black today...wish i had purchased a green sparkle or two from ban.do!
Gotta get up early tomorrow nd its supa late ....but im not tired oohh well...
Back in the office and already missing the excitement of #FTF2011!
I'm such a dumbass
"Don't let yourself get in over your head"
The disrespect can corrode even a relationship of steel.
don't get hassled by large IT/networking companies. contact lithiumnetworks today!
PTL: is here.
Thanks ! Come check it out, would love to have you!
Oh hello spaceship, I will inhabit you for the next 4-5 hours. #toinfiniti #andbeyond is my Buzz Lightyear!
A huge thank you to Suzanne Kinney of CBL who sent us not 1, but 2 vacant listings to be HIT Caretaker Occupied.
I went to my first specialty yarn store over the weekend. I'll be blogging about it later this week but it was a magical experience.
Awesome, thanks! Glad we could help!
resolution Consume more omega-3 fatty acids from fish oils and plant sources.
Taking a break for char-broiled Brussels sprouts, quinoa, & salmon for 1st meal. Then onto grading & prepping for the last week of school
I agree and Perkins is not 100%
Have a great day!!
Do u screen the man or an area? Every great screening team knows which way they play. 1 or the other but not both. better chemistry that way
This man is a legend n da Brooklyn community. Ive seen him stare down the mothers of girls he did and laugh with no fear!
Congrats on signing today!! Being a fellow Baptist, I look forward to the drive up 35 to watch you hoop for Coach Drew and BU!
your always on my mind. ;') follow me? <3
Hahaha. I'm good now. Not so much this morning. #KeepCalmAndCarryOn #ItsAllGoodInTheHood :)
New IMDB credit(un) for Deadliest Warrior. Played a killer Hun.
One word for today: ___________.
you should follow me
"Hey Jason... Get me a beer Jason."
Some of us need to make the most of who we (they) are, to truly be able to promote what we (they) do (vocation). PROMOTE/
of course!
Afternoon folks...long a** night
i HATE this phone !
Happy Birthday, Norman Rockwell! An American classic. :)
Thanks for the recommendation!
Grilled Taleggio-fig bruschetta using home-canned preserves.
So damn tired and I still got 3 more hours.. what's the move tonight??
Hope all the moms had a Happy Mother's Day! My wife got a #Kindle. Now I want one. And a new #phone, a new #computer & an #iPad too!
Lunch suggestion: Find someone who believes the rapture's going down and convince them to buy you lunch. Shouldn't be hard...
How is everybody's Wednesday so far?
Yeah, that's how I feel about my state rep. :/
Thanks so much for the mention. Been a little light on twitter lately.
I will also be doing less gametime updates via for the #SportingKC vs #Impact game, so if you don't want a flood of updates.
Miss, you must have a very cozy uterus :)
haha - "I fuck computer shop ass, make them humble. Just like the Virgil"
#CanadiansRock #socialchat Aww, thanks! Gotta love twitter and the connections it enables.
Before you go to bed tonight, make sure you plan to come in for Monday Brunch tomorrow. (or just call it 'lunch' if you're working.)
oh yes. To go to yoga or to go back to bed, this is the question....
i still luv u
Hahah! What kind of bass-ackwards mindset suggests blackness is purely a function of hue? OM Friggin' G!
man its a damn shame the Ant Hills is an amazing and scary place at that, after all these years of diggin and building :(
me either bro! Can't wait to hear you rock out to the strokes. And some originals too!
Get it, Get it, Get it Mavs
Switching between the Lakers game and Scared Straight
cool! Why wait so long?
what about urs?
arrrgg twitter needs to stop favoriting random things!
I get so upset and emotional when I see these chicks on Basketball Wives always pickin on the pretiest and tiniest girl who cannot fight.
Generic "orioles are in first place" tweet
Life is getting too busy when I have to calendar time in Outlook with my wife.
RT On my way to Lubbock, TX...Hello #TexasTech > flattest place on earth. Enjoy!
Awe Brendon I'm glad you could forgive me :)
I may be laughing while you tickle me, but I WILL kill you once you stop.
: Sitting with Paul…
can it be a remote position?
Eating a burrito. (:
i am really happy with my dell mini 12 laptop so far...lots of functionality, no fans, and a nice bright large(for a netbook) screen!
finishing up proposal due at 23:59:59 gmt, money helps collaboration
Thanks for the follow! Reached my follow limit until I get more followers. Looking forward to your tweets.
Will be tweeting info on Healthcare Staffing update from Staffing Industry Analyst
their on to us
Hey girl! Burton Lexa's and Stilettos are the ones that I have ridden with and those are totally sick. I'm pretty sure that
What are you cooking for Mom tomorrow?
I lose followers daily..
Christmas is near, tickets would make the perfect gift for the girl in your life!
Let that shit burn.
I'm amazed at the amount of support the troops have. God is good and I'm thankful to know that my country supports my comrades and me.
Wow, that was a great Kathleen Falk ad. The people look half dead and they are reading off cards. Inspiring.
Our Seattle ad network includes 10 of top 50. And 11 of top 60 ;) RT : Excited to be listed
Listening to all of the Billboards top 100 (cross genre) this past week.
thank you papa ;) I had to say hello to you hottie
family is so important, dont know why some people can't realize that
So what i can't sing,at least i try
When you subconsciously drink almost a whole 32 oz bottle of Powerade & wonder why you have to pee so badly...
It would be amazing to hear from you today:)
I love seeing connect w/ fans! The Q&A is entertaining. Must be the reason #Chuck has such a following! Keep up the good work!
poor #Mariano..get better soon...#NY needs you & loves you.
sucks I missed it
I wonder if a homeless man ever witnessed a drug deal gone wrong, all the guys kill each other "No Country" style, and he gets the bag of $$
Aug 1st Raising Champions dinner | promote the health of HS athletes. Good food; great cause. 503.418.4166 Got your tix? Deadline July 29
Cartmenez expert independent contractor for cheating professional development. Please call for quote! Package discount!
if was a class i would SO have an A.
its almost yoir birthday chloe happy early non birthday ha ha
thanks babe (: i love you! you funny ass hole!
Diana Ross. We got off the 79th St. crosstown bus coming back from an East side Dr. appt, walking North & stopped to play.
Looking forward for the next few days.
is a bad influence
plan ahead man. dont go to nyc hoping to find a couch... you'll end up in a shitty motel in jersey city or a homeless shelter
Charlaine Harris' latest, Dead in the Family, and season three start of True Blood in the same week - good times.
I forgot to put on socks because I was in a rush and it has ruined my day.
Can Social media be used for learning, or is it strictly *social*?
Grizzlies coming home tied at one game each with the Thunder. Time to get down to Grizzness boys
Where the fuck is the weedman?...this is bad business bruh
I think Whitney may have been our Billie.
Boxer Suarez keeps Olympic dream alive
You look awesome, lady and I agree with on how your house looks like its out of RH. Great shot!
May you be present and fully live the holidays.
omg. i almost have 200 followers. :D i am so proud. ahaha.
how was it? I recorded it!!
“: Watching from senate balcony. #cnn covering the president's speech. we love u John King shout out from Boston
me too!
“: You liked it RT “: is LAME AF for that last tweet”” did i really? Lol jk
I rarely watch TV without being able to skip commercials, and the ones on VH-1 Classic are particularly annoying.
Listening to always seems to put me in a party mood! 1 more day!
yess great flick
That boar? Not that you would. But you did.
The M.A.D. Caregiver may be close to throwing in the towel...
#alamw12 I'm impressed. Wanted to do it but hotel bed is too comfortable! Good luck!
where you from?
heh, wait until you see the end of the most recent ep....wont spoil it for yahs...he sure is :-)
There is so much controversy over dairy lately! What's the scoop? Almond milk is an office favorite here.
RT The network is down in my place. I can't do anything but 3G on my iPhone. Awful!
The people with the biggest hearts always suffer the most.
your absolutely right!
Thank you mom for putting up with me being an ass for 17 years love ya <333333
Gonna go on myyearbook.com :) If u want to know who i like message me : ]
All hail the Official Ladder of the Final Four
Wow. I have a great arm & even better aim!
nasty as hell though.
It's amazing how someone can break your heart, but you still love them with all the little pieces.
thx….will look at more tonight.
Everyone is beautiful in their own way! :)
Read the blog yesterday my man. Good work on the networking piece. How is the longhorn life?
were such an amazayn Directioners we make everyone in our family to like them ;D were Brilliam
Lynn Zettlers' session on Creating Your Personal Brand #aiip12, final session of the conf.
Writing a paper in English about who inspires me. is the first person that came to mind. #KingOfClass <3
Okay just got a 5 mile in on the #Burke. How about you?
yeah hoe!!!...in my TRHEE6MAFIA voice!!
Color special, book yours and bring a friend for 50% the 2nd coloring any Tuesday in June #abq 550-7005
RT : Know why Tuesday is better than Monday? Because we're open! New BROWN SUGAR cupcake w/ CINNAMON NUTMEG frosting! YUM
Lol today my teacher started swearing at us. He was mad
Thanks sister!
@ Far Niente location scouting for #HomeBrewed #webseries. Getting pumped for next weekend's shoot!
Damn man babe gone to sleep have know one to talk to
I say consider both. The question I'd ask myself, if I were you, is whether or not you can live with Sense 4.
#know12 "digital natives" (under 30) vs "digital immigrants": IMO not a valid generalization.
Would be awesome, the film killed off too many of the main characters though. :(
Only Coronado would bitch about everyones dresscode on a day this hot & humid.
It's neon night! Must see event!
I need the internet right about now.
Can you imagine the look on Scott Walker's face when she let that one slip.......
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun
well if i'm going to be a ventriloquist's dummy i'd better practice living in this trunk
#HVSummit says HV is critical to children, so why is TN going to lose their most comprehensive HV programs? Come onTN wake up!
It rained throughout the night; the seams of our little tent held...for the most part.
um...WHAT.
Getting an egg thrown at you as you walk downtown ... YOU MISSED #workonyouraim #MSUBears #mensgolf with
Thanks! I may cruise by the food truck court first, then.
Remember that your image must conform our lives and the places where you see yourself.
i love that song! i gonna watch your cover now..
can i have it c:
You will never gain anything by just sitting on the roadside waiting for a ride. Choose a direction and walk. Exercise is a reward too. ;)
you made Philly proud, hope I can be your tee shirt printer!
Avengers was INCREDIBLE
We've got a twin!!!
NAMC Members check your email for bid invitation.
I continue to see nonprofit organizations behave as though fundraising is a cost-free undertaking. It's not - you must invest $ to raise $.
WE are excited to be your official fitness club! Let the games begin!
Just got off ... up in 2 1/2 gotta get it!!www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
They looked liketall factory chimneys, for the flame had completely hollowed themout their whole length
Unions are wack so I think I'm gonna skip this section to study...
I want to nominate for the steal second base contest. He's be far better than the 8-year-old today.
no! I bet this lady owned a million in her day.
I'm gonna start saving for the Demi Lovato Summer Tour!!!
I have some new silkscreen works hanging at Crazy Mocha in Bloomfield. Go check it out!
Have either of you read The Hunger Games? What did you think?
Hill City Hots rule at Happy Jack's Hot Dogs
MO State Board of Education meeting starting. Board to discuss Missouri Baptist University's sponsorship of charters.
is so Hella Hot!!
your Twitter charm impresses me... sunburned legs might too.
I so love my beautiful brown skin! I wouldn't trade it for nothing!
For you it's world history, and 456 after the test!
I took this #Over Ducks v Cardinal
awh thanks, I guess I try to be inspirational, I just want to give myself options
The duke is poppin' right now
makes my night. oh and this guy name and cant forget .
Man I love this snow yaa digg
It's official! SAVE THE DATE: April 12! 2nd Annual #TEALtini Cocktail Contest & Fundraiser for at More to come!
Man this new weed I got is stupid as fuck... On mammas
I don't understand why NBC would want to cancel 30 Rock, Parks&Rec & Community. Why else would I watch their network?
Keep on truckin' beautiful, girl! You are headed for greatness! RT get my lil feelings hurt too easily. time to toughen up.
YEAH SRY Chris has Troy's same shoes!!! Also I need a balloon!!!
last nights was I was held at gunpoint by a cartel member and had to cook him meth in my living room...then my family walked in
I love spring break...
I haven't decided when I'm moving yet tho...
#thevoice christina take the claws out on the other judges. Humility is a virtue.
On Celebrity has a very bitchy and crappy attitude. I do not see how anyone worked with her!
Yo'! I just saw a dude take a pint of beer in .75 seconds... IT WAS THE CRAZIEST I've ever seen...
well if you can prove to me you deserve number 800..you got it.
rough game! Will you be making the Cincy trip again this year? I'll be at the whole series!
he's closer to me! How far is he from you?! Hahaha
Great weekend up in rifle with !! It was super amazing
Help please: need a good dentist on the westside, one willing to work with someone without insurance...
what is?
never stop hustling.
Hahaha you win.
Oeltjen flashes that smile after getting a base hit. Lots to smile about tonight.
Mayday parade on the way to work. Nothing better than this wake up call.
Denver misses you too! QT : HAVEN'T SEEN THE SUN IN 2 WEEKS
Nice... B.B King ! Sounds like a great weekend
True or False? Total number of possible #royalflush hands in a 52-card deck: 4
You are always beautiful and profoundly worthwhile. Call me. Miss you, lovely.
touché. Garlic is not only a must on food but great for warding off vampires and nagging wives
Yeah uhh I'm just gonna go eat a burger
"i like girls who eat carrots" lmfao it was soo funny
oh!!! Wow he is a good little guy. I'll have to give him food orders from now on!!
My phone is fucked up. :/
Police helicopters and gun shots - what the heck is going on in my neighborhood?
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a prosperous week
RT There are some errors so sweet that we repent them only to bring them to memory. Unknown
You're gonna dig it.
Hey everyone, check out We have to help her decide what photo to upload!
is 1 of my faves right now. left-handed break cuts & intel basslines A+.
Yep, that was a yummy place! I was going to suggest Buca's - could be fun with the family, or The Knick.
The key to building the list is to build trust and credibility.
Peaked at the setlist for tomorrow and I see a song by the Boss in your future. Can't wait to see the crew at The Ale house
do you have happy hour this Thursday? It's my birthday and I'd like to come with a bunch of friends.
follow me back missy!!
Crossfit is no joke. I'm loving me first and foremost.
Never be someone your not. Alway be you<U+E057>
They need Bosh back
Not sure of the exact location, but I do recall a tent-pole being involved.
alright then
Whenever nobody cared, just remember im the only one that gave a fuck.
I will never forget who my flight crew was and ALL the details of that day. I was flying from Newburgh, NY to Atlanta diverted to Augusta,Ga
In a sad turn of events, there are no other tweets with the hashtag #treeboobs ) :
My six pack is protected by a layer of fat.
Damn boogie gettin sick "/
well fuck. i hate everybody right now.
Denver for the men, Penn for the women.
Krejci 0-for-2 on faceoffs on his first shift. So what's Bergeron's status tonight?
"Find something more important than you are and dedicate your life to it" attributed to Dan Dennett.
When others think all YOUR POST are about THEM, they've moved themselves into the "IMPORTANT" category in your life without your permission.
#party oh yeah
Curren$y and Melanie Fiona too...
Yep! I can give you a laundry list. That's not including Tennessee's natural wonders either.
Watched Paranormal Activity 3 last night..seriously every single one of those movies is scary as hell. Can't wait till the 4th.
#NHL ASG is a joke -- coaches and players should pick the rosters, not brain dead Ottawa fans. No malkin? Really? Go
Help us choose our next flavor: milk chocolate and peanut butter cup, or dark chocolate Aztec with sweet smoked paprika and chili powder.
As long as you apologized it's all good
Someone give this kid a haircut
Laissez les bons temps rouler. How will you be celebrating Mardis Gras in San Diego this weekend?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :D
I quit talking to you because for not one second did you ever even act like you were gonna change. You will always be unfaithful.
exam week no
The six most important words: "I admit I made a mistake".
Staaaaaal! At the Garden and just lost my voice.
... believe it. I'm use to talking to people with thier own opinion. haha. My bad dude.
Holiday lunch and gift swap with #ExactTarget Recruiting Team ....we have some cut throat Recruiters on the team...like it!
Go Rays! RT Who's ready to tweet? #Rays trying to clinch the series against the #Rangers tonight. Here we go!
Karmak Introduces Business Software Solution for Repair Shops - Truckinginfo
RT : Your logo is very nice. Good work.
Lucky you!
i hope u do becuase, your gunna be more than Slepping Beauty...and that bitch sleeps all the time!
you are an angel. I love you :)
He said, "You're dreamin', if you think you can do that." I said, "That's what I do, I Dream." End of conversation.
I failed at trying to draw on Jessica's face. It woke up
Thanks for the RT
awhe. Happy birthday! Hope ur doing good up there!:)
I told to put that thing in the closet and never touch it again.
How bout that 30 point lead Kobe?
Um.. jim brown #respect : Trent Richardson is nothing special???? Who the hell said that?
yo u from Germany right?
"The question...is not whether you get knocked down. You will.The question is, are you ready to get back up..fight for what you believe in?"
#nowurbanism you should allow real-time questions via twitter.
The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off.
I'm listening to "In Your Eyes" by Peter Gabriel
Twitter is all about some drama tonight....I'm going to bed!!
loved you once love you still always have always will (J.O.I - insider)
We here at NecroGaming will be playing some D&D today. How about y'all?
Save $100 on full-service social media mgmt & e-mail distribution by contacting #YergerTech today. Offer ends #Christmas!
Did you know that WALTER BRENNAN won THREE Oscars?!
Hope all you boot campers are watching tonight for the and interview! It's great
I feel like I'm too old to use Twitter..it seems like a teenage thing..am I way off?
told you 10 days ago… no way you can turn down sean miller and the UofA after visiting!
should check his wall.
Teachers that expect us to do homework suck
is sexy lol
You're right Chris, that would even be better !But if he's not going to change his swing/approach lay one down (like he said)
I gave you my twitter at the radio staion and you still haven't followed me!.
Fill in the blanks: "I could ______, or I could just stay here and ______"
No problem!
BLACK. FUCKING. MAMBA. GO
ok handsome love you
Oh time for me to finally win a prize! >:) cc
“It is the woman who chooses the man who will choose her.”
why can't I retweet you what the hell
Good thing you reminded me. Mine is tomorrow--save a MIlwaukee Burger for me!
Back at you! Happy New Year
Dancers are athletes of God. -Albert Einstein
Speeding home so I can go for a run before the sun goes down. Taking hills so fast my stomach drops.
I could be studying for my midterm. But instead, I'm sleeping in th
#ThoughtsWhileRunning I hope those boys aren't looking at my ass jiggle.
RT : will join 's own for her live recording and Birthday BASH TOMORROW AT 7:00PM at Divine Faith
hahaha we don't we don't. you're actually quite awesome. =]
'The working landscape has changed...we must all be more [flexible and] entrepreneurial' Good words from Charles Hoslet
Reading back over old tweets is depressing. It also makes me feel like a happiness-ruiner. And a bad person.
Delight yourself in the Lord and he will give you the desires of your heart.
Our pres., Jack Glacken was one of the earliest TGI employees, working his way from proofreader in 1977 to his current position in 1983.
Oh da return of the bayyybayyy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I hate when people say "i want a tweet from austin" and austin's already tweeted them like 3486329 times.
I'm flying back to NYC on Tuesday!
Ok thickness! RT : So I gained 10 lbs. I put on these shorts and I see it all went to my thighs.
goodmorning everyone!! :D I hope yall have a great day!! :)))
Blargh. That's not fun...You know what you have to do, right? Eat all of the ice cream that will (obviously) melt in the freezer!
my nigga what's good
Hahaha! Like that'll ever happen. I think he's actually sponsored by Hostess.
i wonder what Ms.Noda would say when she hears me read "I plan on marrying Justin Bieber or One Direction." In my essay....
There's a big difference between people who "follow" you and people who read your tweets.
Russian black bread @ Firehook is a small rectangular loaf, this is deliciously dense, perfect with cream cheese and smoked salmon.
Kind of sad this is the best team in Boston right now.
Writing some history and listening to Johnny Cash.
Heartburn is the devil
Jack and Jill is dumber the second time
I really can't explain it, but I like you without trying. I love the things you say & how you never fail to make me smile.
really? That's good to hear bc i'm a tad bit frustrated after only two days
Hi Can't seem to get into your website today. Would like to talk to you about doing an app for me.
my sister is getting her iphone before me because she lost her old phone but I still have mine... not okay.
Who's going to the Pop Punk's Not Dead tour tonight?!
Go to Chili's then add a Redbox and a bottle of Yellowtail and you'll be well on your way to average unescapable happiness
I think Josh Willingham missed tonight's game due to a Herpes outbreak.
ugh im with you on that one
If it take the Vikings moving to LA for the people in Minnesota to realize what they had, then move and let the crying begin
#JDaddyFact Justin Bieber Lost 80,000 Fans Just because he cutted his hair RT if you don't care about his looks.
We close at 3 am from Thursday to Saturday...Late Night Tortas FTW!
miss you we need to hangout tomorrow sissy .
She looks like she just came off of a bender. If she's trying for sympathy she's failing miserably.
That's that fuckery .
FAITH...In your wilderness!
Attn: Holga & Lomo lovers!!! Have you checked out our Expired Film Shelf in our reception? Right now we have Kodak Porta NC and VC! 35% off!
sure but that seems overkill
Thanks!! RT : Woot! thank you for being a silver sponsor for #PPandF2!
It's done anywhere we can get with the bands and get a good quality interview
Chilling with Jose.
I just wanted to say I LOVE YOU! You are my favorite dancer on DWTS. I hope ROB WINS! RETWEET IF YOU WANT TO WIN!
Wow. RT : Before the how is the why...before the why (and during the how) is the alive creative impulse...
Aye the Pacers just won the championship , they happy , lakers fan happier though .
I know there is. I just was longing for the days of writing on the 2nd floor, watching the cars go by on Woodward.
All Hail the King! with an EPIC 39 Save Shutout!!!
just wanna give you /o big looch from stay up hope everything is good from the homie dubb 1
the day looks beautiful! - ah, Spring, where is thy sting?
good! still reaching for the milestones :) Everyday is a battle of choices, I try to make the good ones! PS I'm proud of you!
oh my dear lord!! I can tell I am out of my mind when I start making faces like that!! Lol
Like magic? Like raffles? Like running? Like supporting a good cause? Register for Jaxson's Jog...www.jaxsonsjog.com!
That doesn't sound like you! ???
Watching the "he could be the one" Hannah Montana episode on Netflix because I'm cool like that.
SpeakBird | Play Flash - Free Online Addicting Games
i like pickles
Congrats sweety ;)...glad u making moves
Looks awesome Nikki!! I so wish I could be there for you guys :( Love ya none the less<3
my address is 471 Gainesville Hwy Apartment 6 in Winder, Georgia. The zip code is 30680. Mail me a birthday card if u want to
if my dog could talk, i bet he'd have the voice of morgan freeman
Also follow b/c they're smart, cute, and they will TOTALLY PWN YOU.
I'm sorry, what? Red Velvet Pancakes? Is a thing, that exists?
how are you Cuz? What u doing?
Everybody "does" hair these days.
Controversial opinion: Ivan Johnson is more awesome than josh smith
That tragic day when you realize has unfollowed you aha
#nw KSU OWLS VS MERCER BEARS.
this is awesome!
MITT ROMNEY passed the offering basket in his church more because his main focus is MONEY not PEOPLE or GOVERNMENT POLICY. NLD Mom/ca.surv.
Merry Christmas! Have a great day!!
London, Paris, Prauge, Amsterdam
Those are the tweets and re-tweets for Thursday, April 19, 2012. Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all tomorrow!
#Alexandroberthavethebestswag okay whoever created this is genius(:
I am so going to punish myself if this comes out badly. I can't get an incomplete. Really closing a final at the start of Finals Week!!!
Who has the most iconic mustache in the world? Magnum PI? Einstein? The entire cast of Tombstone?
i need a guy like Justin in my life :/
Write to be understood, speak to be heard, read to grow. -- Lawrence Clark Powell
girl fight scenes are the bomb dot com
I will, therefore i am.
Priced several contraception methods through insurance. Upset at the cost. Gives me some comfort to know that Viagra isn't covered at all.
Every time this DH/English lit grad student speaker says "archives" the lady in front of me shakes her head.
tomorrow is market day. You in?
Umm, I can stream every episode OZ on the HBOgo service thanks to ? And stream sports live via ESPN? This is excellent!
type in "google gravity" on google and hit "I'm feeling lucky." (:
Great ! I agree with you - let's boycott Hamas terrorists and ALL of their supporters! Stop terrorism now...
I caught a glimpse of Justice Kagan at lunch today. Hopefully she was filling her belly for energy to convince her compadres...
Edgar Watson Howe~ One has fear in front of a goat in back of a mule and on every side of a fool.
#Santorum: People don't want to send someone to manage Washington, they want someone who can give the power back to the people
At $8 an hour, the minimum wage here in MA is the 5th highest in the US. But can anyone actually live on it?
Big fan of the suit Chuckie B is wearing tonight.
I know just dealing with it one day at a time
yeah, why?
how you feeling man?
Great Zuma class. Thanks
To my mind, the perfect number of "We need a bus!" calls in a Law & Order SVU episode is 3.
Oh no! Walking for healthy stronger babies is a good way to help! Sorry for your loss.
Left my laptop at work and I don't have a tv so... looks like I'm going out drinking tonight.
#Welcome 2 #Detroit ! Where your dreams can become reality. I #love U, City of my heart :)
That's correct. We have on set with 2 for 1 Drinks, Free Admission, & the NY Yankees game on the projector. LinxList!
I guess sometimes you just gotta put people on blast to make something happen.
GL to team pro in the #mainevent tomorrow
Unconditional Love makes the world go round
and already almost louder than the music coming from the in house speakers. Awesome!
Cispa cybersecurity bill opposed by Obama administration.
I'm not your kind ..
just saw you on HTVT lol
Thanks :-) I'm really enjoying it!
#10FavoriteNickiMinajSongs sex in the lounge
Mega-Shark vs. Crocosaurus
These NBA playoffs have lost me. Three, four good games. Even Diehard Laker Fan over here says Stanley Cup is doing better right now.
Algorithm is Math + Assumptions says
Working on our TTB paperwork! All our hardwork will pay off soon!
yeah no one damaged. Here's a joke: What did the rock say to the windshield going down the freeway? Nothing. It's a rock.
Has Zeke Pike blown his chance with Auburn? 1st Bowl tour canceling is Auburn next?
RT : and that's only the 2nd 1st quarter TD all year for the Browns.
Been jamming to #baytl all fucking day, you killed it. Seriously, good work.
Short hair, don't care! *high five*
V-cube is featured on the frontpage of www.tradeport.org, a leading organization connecting worldwide product distributors.
ha really!? That's awesome...thanks for letting me know! What an incredible experience :)
Join us for Latin Gold Thursdays 9pm-Close! No Cover, Just great fun! See you there! QBar in Hotel #ABQ!
If we call that one a fastball, should we call his regular FB a super fastball?
Pretty sure I just searched out, stole and ate All of the chocolate in the boys Halloween stash.
Remember, when you review anything & only have 1 review ie: Yelp or Amazon - it can automatically be deleted upon request by the company.
thanks for the follow!
Super cute!
I've survived 33 years of bank mergers but none have been worse than #WellsFargo. I sure miss
with the rents there? Lol
throwing up in my brother's mouth at a baby~ <3
“ Awe shit, it's National Kiss Day. Ooh, about to tongue somebody down!”woah lol
lol xD and this is all because of a pack of cigarettes. We are truly best friends if we can fight over this xD
I'll be waiting.
Monday mornings....
God's not Mad at you, Gods's Mad About you-
Museum >= school object <= case-study
Rain has moved out and our crews are working hard to get us back open.
Any #dieticians out there? We'd like to chat to you! Feel free to RT.
eighth grade formal /:
2 doubleheaders canceled today too bad that they won't play 3
Im mad bored now
I Need A Massage When I Get Back!!
You mean you aren't going to send me money for fabulous fictitious products?
Smoke sleep fuck ? Or sleep fuck smoke ? Fuck smoke sleep . Yea that's the one .
Are you even my Oppa? Lol idk I just call you that. Haha
Thanks for waking me up so dayum early! Now you got to make the coffee run....ha ha
- It would be nice to know what's new every time there is a dashboard update. Is there someplace I can find that?
many people wants to ride with you in the limo.. ,but what you want is someonewho will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down
Why? Why me? Then again, why not me?!?
I'll be there if I'm not working!
THREE/23, guys. March, not February.
Got to play with code while working on our ContentDM implementation today. Don't get to do that as often now that I am a manager.
Hunger Games tomorrow at 2!! (: WOOHOOO!!
would you say thats a bad thing tho? :D
I'm so excited for you omg
"here it goes down, down into my belly"
#SMBAustin : We may see some discussion this session about officials tweeting during session and meetings.
I'm good and awake this morning...then I get to work, and I feel like a zombie! Where's the coffee?!?!
DalaiLama: We can benefit others through our actions: be warm and generous, be charitable, and helpthose in need. I'm sticking to animals!
Just finished engineering a string/drum session at Entourage Studios with composer Nick Urata of DeVotchKa.
awe thanks :)
is going to tour Coonley school today
ohh wow:/ I'm sorry girl:/
Ready to cheer!(:
Oh Judi and Matthew won!!!
Jefferson was a pretty dedicated secular, Age of Reason kind of guy & would have abhorred being sealed in marriage.
dont be mean
I'm out #shortboyz! I gotta sleep! LATERZ
if I was your girlfriend I would kiss and tell ;)
Love my new 50mm 1.8 lens! Why did ever wait so long to add this to my arsenal of photo gear?
My pleasure :-) Have a great weekend, Monica!
Your experience so far as a city.vi admin? Trust the program so far? U get the googleads and ad revenue? Is it verifiable?
We shot the gun and jumped the shoot...you mean jump the gun?"
A social media conference at Disney World? Yes please. It's #mashcon. Fact: I will get on at least one coaster.
So psyched for
follow me!!
We do have some ideas about cool stuff we can do if someone *wants* to make an account.
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone
U always know when someone is bored bc they tweet a loo
#icantdateagirl who has a wiener
I almost CG'd Senator Herb Kohl as "Senator Bucks" in the ten oclock show
the new voice in Sailor Moon S is very annoying.
I know! DC in the spring is the best!
We are seeking individual instrumentalists for cruise ship house bands. Super sight reading skills, versatility, n 3-6 month commitments!
Because muthafuckas w/big ass mouths talk a lot of shit n cnt back it up
we are so excited! #lsac pool status: we are in permit mode!
aw sweet! I can't wait to see the woman in black!! You seen the trailer?
Thanks to Lillie Coney of EPIC , Anne Klinefelter of UNC, and for their great #privacy panel at #ala10!
Grow up with a big heart in no one can change that.
hung on hooks like pigs to the slaughter
gotta go with barack.us -- rep USA and is really fun to say
Breaking ground with our first tweet! (Get it? Breaking ground? Terra Nova?) See, Terra Nova means "new land"! It's what we're all about!
RT : Yay my Twitter account gets some follower because of #teamfollowback and
Can a dude get a How I Met Your Mother Rerun?
Now it's a party. RT crack a 40 at MOCT for April 14th with , doc b & bizzon
Who's off to Germany today??
How bout them cowboys
How am I supposed to do that if you're deathly ill?
Her acting seems a lil off from the trailers... But I shall see once it comes out. Still love her tho.
LOL I GOTCHA JST KEEP ME POSTED ON DAT :))
positive news?
your friends will LOVE it too! :)
21 MLB pitchers have thrown perfect games. 3 of them are former
#offline for a while. Going for early dinner. Be right back! :D
saved by the bell!!
myspace is back!
i want one of those Lil blue checks by my name.
Pizza essen :) Yummy
did you get my DM on Tuesday? Would love to connect you with Charlie today.
God bless. Kobe's first step is lethal.
Absolutely! Probably one of the most obvious synergies!
bought skinnygirl piña colada today. Love it! Looking forward to summer and being a
I'm Jess, work at MSc in anthropology, interested in public health. I'm tweeting from SF, not in Denver either :/
We'll see you this weekend at SPWF! Is the tea and book signing on Sat at 1 PM a separate ticket?
"Mom I want to upgrade my phone. I can pay you 6 months worth if that helps." "OHMYGOD I HAVE SO MANY BILLS TO PAY YOU SELFISH BRAT."
Moore supporters you have 52 pic badges. Shilling has 121. Catch her! Powerful way to remind friends to vote. //bit.ly/mWvnA8
"That's textbook 2-on-1." Ehhh, not so much because I doubt behind-the-back passes are in the textbook.
Someone needs to tell these women downtown clubbing that footless pantyhose are not leggings!
No problem - thanks for the great Tweets!
Looking forward to seeing the cover of my new book this week.
Good Morning, its almost Friday, a day and half!
hey no I'm not john cena this just a fan page, you can follow that's his official twittet
is vexed that one day after the storm she still has no internet. stupid comcast
you aint give me yo number !
how did you guys finish up? I left after first ot.
Just saw some 1/2" hail on the SW side of #Madison. Anyone else seeing hail?
Each time I do chat ref, I learn something new! And hopefully our users do too...
#WHCD RT : "It's one thing to oppose gay marriage. It's another thing to do it in a sweater vest."
I love that people in Cyprus are downloading our apps!!!
what's your dream date? <3
Thanks Adrianne! (Lee)
Waitin fa sht ta happen<<<Fuckin BLOWS!------> That's y ppl make it happen. The more uW8, The more uLose.
Go check our new friends all the way from Japan! Go give them a LIKE on Facebook! They are really good! :)
I've a foreign student who's piercingly intelligent, a superb writer, and looking to launch policy career in D.C. Suggestions?
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing. - Albert Camus
Nothing much going on other than your O Coordinator making the worst 3rd down call in NFL history.
It's much easier to double your business by doubling your conversion rate than by doubling your traffic. Jeff Eisenberg
Another Beautiful Morning In Albuquerque.
yaaay! :D And you're going to world of dance? o: asdfghjkl; thats amazing! And good luck on finals! :)
did I meet you at that party? or were your unremarkable talents blowing up multiple house parties in 2000?
already have you in the drawing Billie :)
Turns 25 on the 25. I always thought I'd be horrified but I'm actually excited!
Great video and cool site! Thanks for visiting The Lube!
Today I went to the consultation... then January I´ll go back to the hospital again
time 4 a resolution
You can stalk PeeWee on Twitter:
sunshine looks good on you
Poor man, he must have been born and raised in Warrenton or something.
March 28, 1859: Baltimore Mayor Swann approves Ord. 44, allowing street cars in the city for the first time.
NOW!!! #Obsessions Brings LIVE!! #X #PoleDancer #Strippers #Ass ALL OVER THE PLACE TONIGHT // 4525 Glenwood Rd Decatur Ga 1
One day you'll realize that you should have stayed.
I was not built to break!
excited about recording audio script in CodeBaby this week. 2 fun volunteers from the library pretending to be confused freshmen!
always do. My second home.
Today is a great day!!
going through my clothes and seeing a lot of stuff from flags *Tear*
We have also returned to Premiere w/ Final Cut X entering the market.
Southeastern Louisiana State
It's like The Jungle Book has come to life!
Mark your calendars! Tickets for 11/21 Preview Party, sponsored by Whole Foods, will go on sale Mon 11/2 online at www.austinemptybowl.org
research on job titles and job descriptions, nothing too scary ;-)
LADIES: YOUR BABY SHOULD BE ABLE TO WALK AND TALK...AT THE LEAST BEFORE YOU SPREAD YOUR LEGS TO ANOTHER MAN BESIDES THE INFANTS FATHER -CON-
so theres this guy... he's amazing, and I hope hes reading this... RIGHT NOW.
Aaaahhh so jealous. Of all the weeks to be out of town :(
haha its ok and good(:
Marginalia: notes in the margin of a book, manuscript, or letter. From dictionary.com
yep in San Juan.
I've been on hold for 24 minutes to let you know I received a lamp without a lampshade, what's your hold time?
I love you (:
AS USUAL! I Woke up in the middle of the BEST LIFE EVER! (thank you Father God for whom all blessings flow) WOKE UP TODAY FEELING AT PEACE!
calling me out at his lounge preso for saying something was impossible years ago :) yay! for random internet meetings :)
I only drink black or iced black...fewer calories! Now we're on I90 headed around Chicago!
A juggalo just walked past me. On Penn's campus. Tell everyone.
No place I'd rather be in the world than be in chi town at wrigley field right now #Dodgers #mlbdaygames>
Thanks for the RT!
it flys by ... Every second counts!!
RT : Think zero interface. Everything we introduce has the potential to ruin everything. Ask: Is this absolutely necessary?
The iPad is especially useful for making exotic new sounds, particularly when you thwack it with a Basque jai alai cesta.
#bigmistake ...i know u r but what am i
#FF to the #SanDiego news stations we love to watch:
good job!
Thanks for the request. You can now find here at
everyone does it, but it's exceedingly optimistic to believe it does anything.
great to finally party with u guys.
Goin' out with muh gangstas...and by gangstas I mean one gangsta...and by gangsta I mean my sister. :op
Yes, the very same
all Reggae massive n crew be sure to "SUBSCRIBE" to "R. U. IRIE's" LISTS... Reggae Artist LISTS...DJ / Sound System LISTS
Bradshaw falling in for Giants when everyone said it was wrong
Everytime I hear the song check yes or no, I think back to the day it all started...
to heck with a tornado....I live in a castle.
message there everyday, no?
Happy weekend
11 K's for Jimmy Mac so far tonight!
<U+263A>What do you want? A cookie? ...
The line about Matt is hilarious. I like that guy. If he were running for president, I would want to have a beer with him.
I'd rather be a outgoing silly chick than a dumb azz stuck Up boring chick!
What are stop signs? RT “: Like seriously who stops at stop signs? Not me.”
GOODMORNING PAUL!!!! Follow Me Please!!!! :D
given up on ap world
nice seeing you buddy!
. mag, its editor, photogrphr & marktng dept ALL manipulated & exploited both the mom & her son for their own purposes. Shame on them!
HAHAHHAHAHA> I am! :D
Elena becoming a vampire!
Great things are a series of small things brought together. -Vincent Van Gogh
DO IT! I have watched every one of their covers, is the BEST THING on YouTube.
Thinking about tinkering with my guitar again this week. See if we can't get that guy working.
wow great stuff you sound incredible
Aaron Rodgers belt just showed up in the Knicks game... Oh, and Lin is making the NBA fun again.
. google+ is great for those who like talk to empty rooms. Meantime, the world is hanging out on Facebook.
Spend more time mining your database, the backend, instead of adding features to the front end UI
My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher. ~ Socrates
im having people withdrawls
I'm in my cousin birthday party and I'm doing babysitter -.-
I want Tarsem to do movies like THE FALL, which didn't do well. NOT movies like MIRROR MIRROR, which I'm sure will make a ton of money.
RT : Check out our job opening for a Sr. Software Engineer - SSL & Device Security in San Jose, CA! F5 Networks
ur so dumb!! Dumb blonde! #blondesistersforlife :)
Shiiiit.. For u my nigga.. The bed will still be warm!
...I'd be lying if I said I didn't miss the ridiculous sideshows of California politics though
choppin it up w.Javonte mama
“: Im at a party. And I found a dog. So im just sitting on the floor petting it” I used to do that all the time. Haha
you shoulda came and hooped with Leroy, , and I yesterday
I'll be there Sunday for the show then back out in LA on Monday
I hate traffic...ugh!!
MT : note in : "Buying more books than one has the time to read is the soul reaching for infinity."
Ugh. The "why" of this issue is chewing up my brain; I have a piece on my pet theory coming out this week. Would you share which mag?
Gone to the moon and back...bottle and buds for the morning...
A poem I wrote was just accepted for publication on ! This is a good way to start the morning.
Haha. The elephant in her nursery is Hank.
Excellent, new station going in 2 blocks from my place!
I wish Bynum had a twitter so I could let him know how big of a bitch McGee made him look like tonite
At my favorite place... 4 n 20 hm
at fremont panera
Public enemy number one arrested in California - Fox 13 Now - Salt Lake City
Set your body free to dance to the music we call life! ~ Maria Carter
I feel like just staying in and pouting, but then the man wins.
Mozzarella cheese accounts for nearly 80 percent of Italian cheese production in the United States.
hey I tried calling you but apparently phones do not work during sxsw how old are u now 30 ;)
RIP Whitney Houston....
ohh thanks! You too (;
Glad to be your #2000 th followed. I have #422 I like the numbers.
GREAT FOOD AND LOCATION ,,,CONGRESS PARK DENVER,,
wanted to say hi and thanks for the message
Charlotte loves Austin too!
. My main goal is to get recordings of some conf. sessions available online, allow those with no funding to be in the convo
Poults of all of your tweets these are my favorite updates. What a blessing you are to these children and their families
Just got her bf to tweet for more followers. love ya!
Being on the storms.
Bianchi is on base. Looking forward to this.
Damn right you should thank the Weinsteins, Michel. Brilliant campaign. They should handle Obama's presidential run.
A8: The 5 traits all influential people have is #3 Executive presence.
Last night's game between the lakers and heats...what an incredible shot by Kobe..
Let's go #umass. Double OT...tight game with 20 secs left. Looks like they're going to pull it off.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO EVERYONE FROM OKC PARTY BUS!
In this photo released July 19, 2011 by NASA showing NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity.
I know at least half of them are
CASSETTES ARE TRENDING
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!16
Old Country Hot Beir Sausage today! Also Fudgy Toasted Coconut Brownies!
The distinctive cry of the red-tailed hawk outside my open window makes me want to go camping!!
in solidarity with strangers and friends during their sojourn to dc. time to put people back in we the people...i dunno, was that clever?
Wow, got tons of jewelry stuff organized, & almost ready to list! Just few fine tunes & more stuff for etsy shop! laundry is caught up too.
Glad we could help.
I'm arguing that it is a fact, backed up by years of stats, that he does not play worse in the fourth quarter.
in person or by pictures?
; yes sir
My brother is down there, we may head down there...
"Every day is a new beginning. Treat it that way. Stay away from what might have been, and look at what can be." - Marsha Petrie Sue
that's right.... Ready or not!!!!
Buy One, Get One FREE until the end of the year!
. Yes, a #Solatube and about 12 other #energy efficient features.
Cool RT : RT : Majorly excited that AP's is Skyping with my convergent writing students Tues. a.m. A celeb! :-)
thanks babe - you are so sweet :)
That's alright there are 26 team's fans that have no one to cheer for this weekend.
I do too. But we would look silly talking on an IPad. It's too big. :-)
Struggling to move easily now.
The city is shutting down... Use this time wisely!!
What ya got, Timothy?
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
SEVEN! Whoa. How much did that cost? BTW, come back.
3 o clock at that starbucks k?
After conducting a blind taste test I am shocked to discover that I enjoy Hershey's Krackel bars way better than Nestle's Crunch.
Im Glad Im NOT Sick Anymore,Whoever Drunk OR Ate After Me Are Gonna Be Pissed....
really man, come!
follow me back?:)
What is your favorite fish to eat?
RT : We have another pair of tkts for All Stars: #FieldRecordings. Tweet a song/vid sampling animals to...
I kept expecting that song to pick up the tempo, but it worked amazingly, Drew is awesome!
i'd love a way to use your API to search for users tagged in a photo. I can only search hashtags now
#Ilovepeople that are straight up & tell you shit how it is.
Congratulations to all the winners this year! See you next year!
lmao! just put our names on them. wacko & slappy. lol
great job tonite! Always good to see you T!
#Tiger Woods 14 under at Battle of Bay Hill. McDowell 10 under on NBC right now followed by News4. has highlights. Join us
Correctly guess the score of tonight's Thursday Night Football game between the Houston Texans and Indianapolis Colts for a free Scorzie!
On the plus side Friday was my final day for classes in high school time to hit the
Sure no doubt.
RT : RT : Looking for partners to promote next months #ChocoTweetup benefiting Seattle area food banks. Are you in?
Cast all your cares on Jesus for He cares for you!
If I'm Philly, I'm lining up my 4th line with Crosby to lay him down the rest of the night. Make em pay for keeping their foot on the gas.
I'm getting the feeling you're into politics.
Shout out to the HOTTIE cocktail waitresses at CLUB NIKKI at the TROPICANA HOTEL. Always beautiful with your new PERMANENT EYELINER!
Im concerned about how much $ the Ender's Game movie is going to make him and how he might use it.
Yea I still remember I was in 11th grade English surfing the internet when I read what happened. Amazing it was 10 yrs ago.
During May, check in on Foursquare to take 5% off of the purchase of a product when you come in for a service!
Rocking an android. Perhaps time to start developing droid apps
May is meditation month. Mediation is an opportunity to stop, breathe, and focus. Try it this month!
Still on a high from #AIDSWalkWI and awesome message yesterday. Pics coming soon.
you are a gentleman and a scholar
Another great evening in Milwaukee... Enjoying the sun then watching the lakers/suns game!
What's the true value of a talking head ion screen as part of online learning? Does it help with understanding concepts?
Looking forward to visiting Museum of Jewish Heritage in Lower Manhattan tomorrow re "The Auschwitz Volunteer"! Great programs
Hospitals don't really run on time...in pre-op with mom...so much for a 2:30 go time.
Hola Greyson! I have some poster that i made for you but idk how to send it to you.
Why everybody always say i gotta attitude, i don't go an attitude i jus don't like youu.
I've repeatedly asked if his play will ever be published and he has yet to answers me so he can't be THAT great.
I am so jealous! Can't wait to get my hands on one! :) Love what you guys did with it!
The Girl with the Bacon Tattoo.
Schools may have to repay cafeteria money
Loving these tunes...looking forward to performing with him next weekend in TX!
Spoiled in my youth, true love is a bitch! And I got so much to give, so sad tweet, some1 hook me up with a date! I'll shave NOT
Do you feel that we still live in an extremely racist society? Do you the world is ready to seriously address the issue of racism?
haha oh yeah!
It is Wednesday! Don't forget it is Jazz night at Salute!
It has to be experienced to be understood.
praying for you to be energized today by God's love. The fever has to go! Blessings!
Puns on !
Sun Out Yup
this nation doesn't even care about the black people here, you expect me to believe that y'all give a fuck about the children of Africa?
One more point on belts...they should (at a minimum), resemble the color of your shoes.
The IL Marathon under 3:05! RT : Random Question: What's on your Runner's Bucket List?
What if those dudes were corporations? Wealthy corporations?
My co-panelist Aaron Wernham: "The future of public health will be working with other sectors (housing, edu, transportation, etc.)
Dear I just dropped Facebook. It's all on your shoulders now. Any advice?
mAKIN weed ?
Do you think my teacher will care if this paper is printed double sided? umm idk
I feel like there's a big chunk of my brain devoted to filtering... and it ALL goes offline when I'm sick.
thanks for the tweet buddy, made for good radio fodder
COOL!! Where are ya?!
I need...a hug.
sounds like fun
Tournament is October 10. We will announce whether your team made it after the last game on Thursday Oct .7. Good luck!
I still love you.
Missing and !! The holidays just arent the same without them!
I hope my brothers do well on the FCAT tomorrow : D
16 banners hanging up. All 6 of the teams you cheer for combined don't have that type of hardwood.
I'm sorry if I wooda know it was u I wooda helped
so honestly, how much do you want to run this race saturday.
Tim & eric Awesome Show is stupid funny...but mostly stupid .
So Liverpool wins the FA Cup 5-3 on aggregate, right?
check my new profile !! its amazing !!
Celebrating a great Cubs win!
the depth that you're capable of in these 140 characters... it's unprecedented
We hope everyone had a great week at #NAFSA11, great to catch up with old friends and make new friends and contacts from here and abroad!
Seen some pretty great moustaches at
So proud of my sis to graduate from Leeds w/ honors after everything our family has been through over the past few yrs. Lucky to have my fam
Sec Barela asks "how do we gather wealth for all of us" but you need to do that by yourself. No one in this room did it by themselves
Everything is funnier when your with your best friend.
Always fun watching hockey with non biased announcers. When they say the Wild got away with a non-call, you actually believe it.
Hope you have fun!
MLB @ Kildare's! Indians-Blue Jays @ 3:05, Reds-Marlins @ 4:05. Get 2 all beef coneys and homemade chips for only $5 all day! Play Ball!
do you take care of your own bookings?
i just want to go out already
Talking out the side of ya neck......
Way to clinch that playoff berth!
Look at everybody like a newborn baby - Lil B
Also: when it's raining. And you forgot your umbrella.
"Most certainly I intend no injustice to any, and if I have done any I deeply regret it." #quote Abraham Lincoln.
Fashion is changeable, and elegance, a constant value.
RN, MA, MIBC, BUSINESS, Criminal Justice/Investigations and Paralegal students welcome to PHOENIX HIRING EVENT
He looked good when you consider he had little support
lol I can only imagine!
If Erik Spoelstra coached the #Lakers, he woulda drew one up for Steve Blake on that last possession.
Answer: 3 seconds. Not much different than some people I know.
Thank ya! Wish I was close enough for pie happy hour…
Our Soup of the Day is Potato-Beer-Cheese. (vegetarian)
With Nike Fuel, the restless nights are pretty clear on the chart! Trying to hit 3000 a day is challenging!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ASGFDFJGFGSJS
I'm a fucking Strip Club DJ... I play music while your girlfriend swings on my pole!
It's such a nice day =)
hey did i tell u my uncle is a rapper?
Ayoo! hello World GOOD Morning!! I Be That Hustler That's Grinding While They Snoring #DjRowdyA <3
Screw men
My mom just asked me what I'm making her...All she knows is there's chicken and potatoes involved..
Watching a hockey game = washing a car. Oh the wonderful mind of mme.garger.
We work with amazing storytellers like and informative news shows such as
FUCK ALL YA'LL WE IGNORE FEELINGS HERE
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle The Devil Inside
I love Raymond! :)
When it comes to your goals there should never be any excuses
I have to say Thank you to for lending me some great and exclusive #hats for the #1920's shoot. Will post by next week...
Congratulations Kenna Lindsay! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
Retro polka dots and sweetheart necklines at Callula Lillibelle; followed by a Cinnamon sundae at Serendipity I with my love ...
I know. So relieved.
thanks pal. graduation ceremony Thurs, Dec15; least we can do is bless the heaven into with 7 grads arrayed in blue cap & gowns.
st pats social night party was a blast with the irish dancers...knights of columbus friday fish fry tonight...its all for charity
the pleasure and privilege of working with you has been ours. good luck and don't be a stranger
RT “: May shut down my twitter till the coachella tweets stop. Tupacs hologram now has an account.”
thank you
How "civil" of you to describe him that way. :rollingeyes:
Peace out, lame-ass UW bb
Give me a reason to believe
"throw me a text" lol c:
Night all. Time to read some Game of Thrones.
RT : RT : Q4 ...The best way to handle unanticapated problems is to anticipate them < the best oxymoron of...
Market Street Sound celebrates nine years of musical making and noise bending today! Thank you to everyone who makes this possible!
One person go around actin stupid and have everybody #Stuck on Stupid
That chair is covered in birdshit. Bro that's toothpaste. Do you even own a toothbrush?
Im so excited for this summer holy shitttt
I've made my 3+ friends a #MAHOMIE and I'm PROUD :) <3
will never notice me or my twitbif Leigh0320 :(
just charge yourself $1 everytime it happens ~ Chloe has made a mint on me doing this~but I sound dorky~ "oh my goodness"
and are my two favorite people in the world because they inspire me so much! I LOVE YOU!!!
Looks like I am going to teach photography again. I am really looking forward to it!
Fucks are never given
Looking forward to tonight's performance
What is your favorite movie quote? Mine of course is Mr Patrick Swayze from Roadhouse, "Be nice"
So then James Cameron's #Titanic film was a documentary?
You'er to good to me. Thanks girl!
if you have to check with your bf/gf to go hang out or doing something with your best friends, you need to re-evaluate your relationship.
That is a long time to tweet
Ginger & Gooseberry Sorbet...perfect on a toasty day. Nuff said.
it depends, did you take the blue pill or the red pill?
I was a beta tester so have some free pages. Don't qualify as an edu.
We are still tied. Probably not for long tho. Enjoy it while you can
Lebron has got to have the ugliest mouthpiece. Snaggletooth.
Transitions are one of the most challenging situations that our families face. Wishing you smooth transitions as the kids go back to school!
I know! I like hyperventilated in class and now everyone thinks I'm a freak but IDGAF :) hah
Guy at work had first workout. Thinks he's Lou Ferrigno.
my stuffed koala is named Liam and he's amazing :P
I don't understand why I am always the one to get fucked over at work.
RT The GOP didn't sign these "no new taxes" pledges 15 years ago.
Thanks for the Europe article and lo and behold looks like they are making progress today:)
Dear Ex, Just because I'm nice to you, doesn't mean I want you back. We broke up for a reason.
i'm used to that noise..
Happy Friday!!!
super proud of the really great work and creativity my students demonstrated in making their history games. World War Clue anyone?
On the fence about doing a 30 or 60 day Bikram challenge. I'm already on day 5, do I go for it ?
More breweries coming to the FW InvitBrewFest - Bell's Brewery, Inc. Odell Brewing Co New Belgium Brewing and Yo-Ho Brewery of Japan
MANCHESTER: Public hearing covers proposed anti-bullying, Internet policies for Manchester Community Schools
I may have bought a few too many pounds of ground beef for our party yesterday...now I need some recipes to make something of it!
hello from CA. Thanks 4 following!
Can't go bck to sleep.. Ugg dislike bad dreams
miss you!
: a little creepy, I think.
Depends on when he did what with whom… if he'd already filed for divorce, not as big of a deal. But most don't...
It drives me crazy when I can hear fireworks. I'm always like, why are there fireworks? Why didn't I know, I'm missing them!
Air planes I love em
We are finalizing the schedule now, but will have the tentative schedule posted tomorrow. Check back then!
Oh hell yeah, Chinese for dinner!
Is it weird I want multiple twitter accounts to separate the good, the bad, and the belligerent sides of me???
Morning Cake lovers! Mother's Day is May 13th! Retweet this if you're showing mom how much you <3 her with a cake from Elite Cake Creations!
my uncle is a Lawyer
And den u lik oh oh oh baby don stop and i b like no i wont imma take you to the top
Also, is it just me or did Twitter go from "simple and clean" to "DO ALL THE THINGS!!1!" over the past year that I've been AWOL? Me no like.
It was stolen at WORK!
There is a light that never goes out
Yeah NY GIANTS!! Hope You're Having Fun In Dallas Bro(:
your too cute<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Trying to find an electrician for a couple of paying jobs we have going on. Shoot us an email if you know of anyone!
Welcome Nancy, Niraj, Master of Universe & Emily... Anything you'd like me to provide to help you?
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Southbound I35 at 15th
your so talented and beautiful follow me :)
Blow what up? There isn't much there.
just missed me
FOR SERIOUS? I might just go!
I wonder if it is for a homeless person, for the dog that is still running around freely? It is always fruit and veggies
I've had it a while but have not used it much. Using it more now : didn't know you were a twitter-er! Nice.
you fell off there for a minute, doodle.
"When the cataclysm comes, RIPM will survive" -Cohen talking about their servers & security
Headed to CES on the Hill tomorrow. Trying to convince to come. Anyone else going?
RT ": The possibility of pain is inherent in the very existence of a world where souls can meet. #CSLewis"
Gee, think the #Bills would be solving their pass-rush woes if they somehow #MarioWilliams?
The lace-up platforms? Oh yes, I love them. The price? My bank account laughs at me mockingly.
Damn! The big guns are coming!
me too all of em are good tho
<U+25CA> I'm surprised. I just hadn't heard it discussed at all. Guess there must've been something else in the news. <U+30C4>
CELTIC NATION BABY
great meeting you buddy, it was fun! wishing you great luck n see ya around!
Just summerized the snowblower. Jinxing it?
The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory. -Jared
WHY DON'T YOU LOVE ME??
There is no spoon.
yes one that specializes in parts! very hand-y to have!
What is going on in Philadelphia?
Become a Chamber Partner!
Me too, I'm proud to be an American
your map caught measles
April 17, 1951 - Mickey Mantle makes his Major League debut at Yankee Stadium. Mantle goes 1-for-4 in the game.
got your text
What?! Which one man?
big day at work: info architecture for new drupal site; surveys on student reading/note-taking habits!
Tks for the RT share, really nice!
Trying to resist the siren song of the vending machine...
Dreading seeing all the tornado damage in KY once day breaks. The reports coming in now don't sound good at all
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur #amazing:) followme:)17
Did you know Miller Park sells grilled banana-Nutella-marshmallow fluff sandwiches? And they're awesome.
Right. Perhaps an "issue" of a journal could be analogous to a book, so you could take 10% or one article? Who knows!
woke up, lifted weights, played some b-ball, took shower, washed car, then hit up xbox.. yeah, im THAT good.
What!?! Steve Jobs has died? Poor guy. And on the same day that the iPhone 4s announcement?
THANK YOU!!!
I am so fucking worried :/
Yeah our team won laser tag and not to toot my own horn but I got 10th out of 36!
Headed over to UW women's softball after prep baseball game.
dear , you need to meet my friend She adores Porto too. *nods*
Issue #3 has begun! Check out poetry from Edwina Attlee at translitmag.com
you start and you can't stop. Great cast.
We will work with you to secure a no credit car loan if your situation demands it.
Cant wait to see Kurt Buschs ME Ricky Bobby car going fast today at Talladega. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
I'm drinking orange juice out of a Pilsner Urquell glass.
Any advice out there on how to get releases / bios into the All Music Guide system? Sending them stuff—for years—has gotten us nowhere.
Welcome to our neck of the woods (Atlanta)! I can't wait til' the show later today!
now following :)
I really don't deserve to sleep....
I'm going to make lavender-honey ice cream this week. Oh did I mention I'm going to use the plastic bag method?? :-)
have you heard from William, he hasn't shown up to work. Not like him. Worried.
Congrats! RT UMW women's & men's bball will compete for the CAC Championship on Sat! Time of the games will be posted tomorrow
We are pleased to announce that Dan Silverman has joined as a Salesperson
Mother's Day is May 13th! Have you made lunch plans yet? Call us today and book a reservation for parties large and small - 770-671-0100.
I'm so excited to get mine osmdjzjs
Today, July 25 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: David Japka | Film Production Manager | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Let us know what you think and how they fit :-)
So happy 30 rock is back!
Thanks for the wine guide. It's great!
If you work in #Brickell we better be seeing you for Lunch Break Special's every Mon-Wed 11:30am-2:30pm!!
Sure did! MT just crushed it on KOGO. Recruited LaDonna Harvey 2 lobby vs Enterprise Zone welfare 4
you know i always eff them up!! it's like a miracle i didn't haha
Yeah ... that is "interesting."
loving the nice weather here:)
Creative Cause draws 8. Good draw cuz has two favorites just to his inside. He's one of the greys in the
Hearing rumblings that Chael / Anderson II may be moved to Las Vegas if they can't get the event issues corrected in Brazil.
I haven't had a gf in years and it sucks ass!:/
second that, jealous!“: Jealous!! RT : I'm at The Orbit Room for Mayday Parade, We the Kings and The Downtown Fiction.."
Just assembled my new G-Force UT! Going to love this machine.
I had a great day with my parents traversing up and down NYC. We're off to Wilimington, DE tomorrow for my graduation BBQ
Love this quote Naomi! Thanks for sharing it.
Bless you! RT : Nothing I love to read more than the new issue of The Horn Book. HB + quiet + coffee = heaven
Love the unstructured cap. MLB and New Era would never let that happen again.
Attitude is important. Always have a good attitude. Try to smile as much as possible. Difficulties in life won't seem so difficult.
The desert always on fire out here
Just shoved my coat, hat, and gloves in my carry on. No need for them where I'm going!
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything. Napole...
You need somebody like me.... Lol!!! GUDNIGHT
check your palmbeachstate email. prof.. Sent a link with the slides
yep. We're 30 minutes north of downtown...makes getting to 8 a.m. sessions...impossible.
will be the Olympic 5k champ!
I hope does a music video for Didnt Mean It its just a great song with lots of feelings and emotions :)
65% of social media-using teens have had an experience on a social network site that made them feel good abt themselves.
tweet tweet I'm writing your poem(;
Hope you all had a wonderful Thanksgiving!
On second thought, I could have died yesterday afternoon and no one would know until Thursday when I don't show up for work.
Thank you to all who came out last night! It was a very successful 1st meeting!
You can't claim it as Breaking News if someone else broke it 6 hours ago. That's like a used car being "new to you."
yeah. Punk.
Best tweet ever.
I think people will watch no matter who plays. It's about time Canada is represented and the Red Wings are extremely popular.
happy birthday to THE . hope its great man!
did u know that's the title of the #sororitygirlproblems book?
or the lack there of, should have kept Howard Dean at the DNC helm.
did you ever get to check those 2 songs
Opinion: A Mansion Tax to replace higher rate tax?
All right, Tommy...We get it...Just keep thinking that.
well I wanna suck on you're nipples until I or you fall asleep but we don't always get what we want do we?
Some driveway weeding (and oak tree prevention). Reward: a Blackthorn cocktail: 2 gin, 3/4 Dubonnet Red, 3/4 Kirschwasser--spicy and subtle.
===NO MORE Grocery or Gas Bills,,,,www.gasandfoodvideo.com / www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I am giving away 125 leads a week at sign up
this is very true. everything is about definition. I was doing that creme of nature too lol. I miss the old days lol
My features tell, my benefits sell!!!
Our doors are opening at 11am for lunch...A glass of Sangria will help you get through your inbox...Call ahead for pick up 619.255.2856...
Talk about being a human commodity..
skit on "friends who smoke pot" Dead On! Shit had me crying!!
But you went away, how dare you, I miss you. They say ill be okay, but I'm not going too, ever get,.. over you. <3
gunna spend the eve in my onesie, eating my easter eggs and watching trash tv
Has anyone laughed during previews of this Man At Work show? Anyone?
Game day!
personnel attack? Nice the leftist white flag. ,)
I wish I was strong enough to lift not one but both of us. <U+E14C>
CONGRATS, Apple, on another blow-out quarter!! Way to go, everyone!
"Since the fading of the original Enlightenment during the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries,..."
yaaay my new pressure cooker just arrived! Can't wait to use it tomorrow.
Word to you momma!
Beautiful day out
not much<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> you?
Well put. :) RT @ DoubledAthlete idk- why is this national news that she has a dream of being a mommy bird?!
For real doe. We're gonna make a sex tape too \m/
where do you get your phone cases from? I know you're the phone case queen and I need a new one.
I just now downloaded it, and I can't believe I didn't get it right away. Love Jack White!
but it was worth it. You were with your 2 favorite Ladies. Muah!
thank you and for all you do to help people...don't be discouraged by the idiots of the world. You are appreciated!
"With experiments you may not always get answers but you'll get richer questions"- Maria mortati
Jr. up next!
That's right. Can you imagine if people did bask in dirt though?
Bruce I read your blog and am a fan, but will take it with a grain of salt given your ad hominem attacks against me today.
im so going to a different school
“: looking for a couple of bands to play next tuesday at the Whisky. No presale. "
Have a Happy and Safe Cinco De Mayo
That's amazing.
you looked and sounded amazing! So proud of you.
If you are anything like me & get inspired by other entrepreneurs then you should read this article: Problem?No problem!...
Are you following ? We can be the creatives behind all you fashion based needs.
thanks for following Rob
wow, twitter post fail O.o note to self, remove the shortcode ;-)
Luckily I'm on a Mac and didn't have that issue. Bummer about the virus. I like Chrome though!
Happy Easter!
Those emails seek time, attention, help + brain space. You start your day being reactive to others rather than proactive about your goals.
I'm feed it chicken lol
I think I have to move lint roller refills from my "household" budget category to "dog expenses."
Rufus Wainwright's new album 'Out of the Game' is FANTASTICO!
LMFAO WITH shots in between each. smh. how are we still alive though? lol
Josh Smith over Joel Anthony might be the dunk of the year
Need help understanding your #reassessment? Call our office at: 1-866-273-1941!
Life is like camera.Focus on what's important. And you will capture it perfectly
Heh…I'll be in DC for the next SOS demonstration…for starters.
So excited to find out that my health insurance will help pay for CSA box. Woohoo, vegetables & supporting local
Peter Lehner of underscores recent #green successes: 1) storm #water runoff management which threatens water safety.
Heading outside for an hour run. Weather is awesome. Http://www.policemountainbiketraining.com
haha I know it has been a long time ! When are u coming back to vegas ??
yeah secret circle was safe until last weeks numbers. Now it is being reviewed.
ah nice, i just saw my favorite Ray's employee last nite.
has amazing people, content, brand voice, engagement
Sleep is such a gift when you're sick. Lucy is sleeping peacefully away in her car seat.
whats exclusive about 187 beats that all low key sound the same
Whew! I'm beat from driving around all day! Thanks to all of you who spotted me today!
This was the best day ever. Got to see Falling In Reverse play and Sleeping With Sirens and also Abandon All Ships!^-^
Evan Almighty is making me cry. Being a girl is really hard sometimes.
lol were u disappionted when you saw a dick instead of a vagina
I think I want to jailbreak my phone for the sole sake of getting a Nintendo emulator.
see the date but no details as to where/time/what it is exactly?
Thanks for the RT!
YES! YES! YES! YES! CHRISTOPHER PLUMMER WINS BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR! HELL YES!
I need to talk to someone really bad. But someone that doesnt live in my state. Ugh
Except ye become as little children, ye will not enter the Kingdom of Heaven.
not just Leno, Leno on a Saxophone.
Happy Thanksgiving :-)
The day job. I'd rather be writing.
I'm only helpless when my nail polish is wet. Even then I could still pull a trigger if I had to.
Thomas wish Happy Birthday for me shes my bestie ......
if it was a good deal you should do it
Grind Widd Me
is literally a sexy god sent from heaven, we are lucky to be blessed with his presence HAPPY BIRTHDAY I LOVE YOU!!!
If you wear camo shorts its harder for people to realize you accidentally spilled pee on yourself.
USS Nightmare with the Fam. This should be amusing.
Queensryche sounds awesome!
don't forget to TAG your friends, TAGGING is FREE :) and your friends would love you, if you tag them and they win...
Treat your money wisely as you never know how long it may be between jobs.
you tell me there isn't a play that LBJ and Wade can run together??? Nah, can't believe that
I am going to take mrs mantooth out to a lovely seafood dinner and NEVER call her back! GLORIA MANTOOTH IS A SAINT!
#TextsThatGetNoReply Are you still alive??
I am actually happy about this. Wouldn't have been a couple yrs ago. RT : RT : Bush stays with Packers
Thanks for RT!
Gearing up for junior Club and National Team registrations. Central VA volleyball players check it out: www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
My middle finger gets a boner when it sees you.
Torres. Hattrick. He is back.
: A book called "Checklist Manifesto" and - I kid you not - a book about the history of hot dogs.
": Bad idea of the day: "So You Think You Can Trance"" won't be surprised if this becomes reality
Summer Movie Preview: The night is dark &amp; full of terrors
Korver Kyle...come on Chuck! Let your mind catch up to your mouth!
RT : "Check Out HER Public Spheres: Sexist Backchannel Discourse During the 7th Annual Habermasian Conference in Barcelona"
Also pretty sweet to see that a few scenes I filmed a few months ago for an undisclosed project turned out to be for The Avengers!
Alamo Draft House!
yea im tired and wanna go back to sleep i didnt go to bed ill 3 then woke up :30
Americans will lose sleep because the iPod 6 may not do all they wish...
That's Racial Profiling My Nigga..Either Way You Slice It.
good thing we took the bus!
Thanks for the follow. Were glad we share this exciting opportunity, keep an eye on the www.coupondeal.com, nothing else make us happier!
TX SHORTS is insanely solid! Great work and the rest of y'all!!
Taken...Awesome flick!!
EAT ALL THE THINGS
NaLee a brand new trilogy check it out NaLee2010.com
What kind of snack? If you could have ANYTHING!
Time going by so slow
n'aaw its tight on you :( I've followed you anyway :')
Slaughter "Fly To The Angles"! I do love the 90's Rock!!!
Three different version control systems in one day. Either my head will explode or I'm delaying dementia for a few more years. svn, git & hg
. finally following nicki! Took her making a twitter come back to get the ball rollin'.
Hahahahaha “: I would pay good money to hear Will Smith say, "The parent who don't understand was inside me the whole time."”
Nice! Campana with a great game today.
skypinggg withh ma main girl LOL <3 you should definitely join us ;D
Without you<3 - usher omg<33
No I'm not famous in Atlanta, I'm "BiggaDen" that. I am Mr. World "FAMOUS" not Mr. Atlanta "FAMOUS"...
3 hours later and #gephi is still trying to execute Force Atlas. #NeedSmallerData or
Taking Lac Su from LA to Woody's Wings & Things in Westminster - wings yes but also huge menu of SE Aaian, Cambodian, Laotian.
of course!
This is a service announcement that apostrophes do not work in hash tags. And an apostrophe is this thingy: ' #see'itoldyou
I'm at Oliver's Twist (6822 Greenwood Ave N, at 68th, Seattle).
totally absolutely killer. My feel are paying for the each moment of glory.
woah woah woah my bad montrail. It was just a little funny... My bad...
and I are the only ones up in Nashvegas right now!
#DailyRebellion: Reflect on how to appreciate the Mommas and mother figures in your life all year round, not just today.
Have fun. Break leggs.
Thunder and Lightning (not in that order) in Bankers Hill...
#OKCupid thought: some women say stuff like "arrogant, narrow-minded men not welcome." WhoTF thinks of himself as arrogant & narrow-minded?
:) Austin, without you, my world doesn't make sense.
I'm always worrying about something, why?
Done, your turn? Xo
yeah i know lol
coming to the competion today!!!! Hope u guys win!!! Can we take a pic with u
Ustream was AMAZING!! Crew love, YEE, Mahomies. Austin's future tattoos!(:
Boy you know I look good ha
If u think about it.. "NOBODY" was on The Thunder when they was the Seattle Supersonics!
If not for Gordon, Zulegar looked like the best player on the field!
Sir! I don't think you're supposed to carry your service animal. But I could be wrong.
Who Wanna Give Me a S/O ??
no thank you :)
Plant yourself at a coffee shop for any period of time, you just may learn about tree geneticists and the incurable Dutch elm disease.
Aint no such thing there's no tomorrow!!!..
yes!!!! OMG call me im so bored
Waiting over H-1 Frwy to see motorcades of pres of US CHina and Russia pass by. Roads are clear of traffic. Anytime now
OMG What Happened???!
no you can't jao...you're asian; it can't get much shorter, let's be honest
please let me know! I've got to book u for 40 & fab shoot! I need a new look
I'm so confuzzled!
Road trip to #Bend this Memorial Day weekend to see and in concert is confirmed--can't wait!
Sully: Yes, he dominated, but he's already a top pick. Plus his lack of conditioning in the game against 'Cuse is a flag.
blue mountain state is my shit.
Cat finally stopped meowing and fell asleep an hour into road trip.
RT : Yo. I really wanna see the Heat lose tho. (Ditto)
I have nothing to glue, I do not wallpaper!
Grabbing sound bites from students for the video finale for #expeditionhewitt "I love working with students in diff grades"
where? In low on money
Congrats! Keep it going!
word up! Tasha you ready? Carol has an entire game plan for the freebies
goodmornin boo!!!! :-) I hope I can get one bk lol
My dog, on the other hand, has an intense fear of sewer grates. He would be a bad choice for Les Mis. Crushing mama's dreams.
Space Shuttle flying over NYC. Pretty cool to see
Good Morning!
good u?
RT : Success is blocked by concentrating on it and planning for it*
I LOVE all your tweets ... SO FUNNY MAKE SURE TO KEEP ME ENTERTAINED AT WORK TOMRROW
We're using your services for our 1st Burrito Eating Contest & Fundraiser to raise hunger awareness & what we're all about! RT?!
god dammit, such a great album...
The thing about dollar stores...everything's a dollar! Less employees having to answer price inquiries = more profit, right?
its FYI!!! Lol-seeya tonight hun....lets part A!
“: congrats on the #superbowl win!!” thanks buddy!
Hey big bro. Got your video reply. I appreciate the comments. Would def luv the opportunity 2 chat with u briefly @ your earliest
HEY KIDS! WHAT DO YOU GET WHEN A GIRL PUTS OUT??? A CRAZY EX GIRLFRIEND WHORE!!! :'D
welcome to Laredo of the Laredo Lemurs
I couldn't tell if that was u l
can you believe a $7.5 mil/year salary player gets a $2,500 fine for that? You know it's sad when most other players think thats weak
Some people on twitter I ain't never seen in my life lol
The prettiest smiles hide the deepest secrets. The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears. And the kindest hearts have felt the most pain
I cried my eyes out when i hugged you at warped tour detroit 2011. It was the best day of my life <3 AA IS LEGENDARY!
that no matter how strong of an artist he becomes or what he does, he is forever deemed as a person that simply "shot a dog".
Thanks for the mention of our opening on Nov. 3rd. We're open most of the holidays -- so bring friends. Thanks. SECCA
Just received the script for my next movie project. 20th century fox anyone?? Whoop whoop!
As of now, each BTW Ball show is grossing at least 3 million.
Breaking news You Only Live Once.
mice and eating as much fish/turkey/chicken as possible. Aww I'm sorry. dhgpdfg I keep saying that but it's just so sad D:
RT : Got an over of the VSP Array today. That thing is pretty sweet!
I would have politely coughed into my hand and sayed "Crazy" at the same time :)
Happy 4th of July :-D
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
:) who showed us to you?
Airport nightmare. :-(
i did a helicopter tour when i went to kauai, too. such a beautiful way to explore that island. i'll look at your vid
iWeb? what's that? WordPress ALL. THE. WAY!
we are goin to get a new principled tho and they will let otheppl come
I never actually am alone I just always feel alone.
Bring that ass back like you Left somethin '
Taking time out from my condos to watch Cocaine Cowboys on #CNBC Rock it out ! :-D
NEW! Limited-Edition* Mary Kay® Nail Lacquer Fun-to-wear shades. Instant high-gloss finish. Stay-true color that does not fade.
i love you!!!
RT : "Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep." Scott Adams
it is true that I usually anywhere fromfive to fifteen during my league season
That's where we're headed. Can't wait until our new site goes live this summer.
Is it nap time yet?
Accountability our final theme. Admin to faculty and faculty to campus as well as each other.
I love Light Up Night! I hope folks got a chance to see some of it.
oh dang I'm sorry! I meant to unfollow some else from my phone. It's all good. I'm sorry
Hottie choice female miley cyrus & male justin bieber
a lady after my own heart
I'm glad and my friends on the Israel Venture are safe and sound in Jerusalem.
Chris Austin and Kevin Quigley speaking
Fuck yes! Taking Back Sunday <3
SPQ-YARRR!!! is a set based on a couple of metal bands (Roman epic death metal and pirate thrash metal).
If you need him, he'll out of the ground would get ... Remember!
FauxNews is yellow journalism at its best & it's disturbing that they have so many who live by their every word
We got your vote! Thanks so much for participating!!
RT : e-portfolios work when there is time for reflection and growth analysis between student and teacher.
will you update when there is a fix?
Good morning tweethearts! Today is the day. He's driving down as we speak *smile so big*. This is just pitiful smh lol.
I had an awesome time at the Sidewalk Scramble last night.
Well u just aint seen the right straw
I go your my best friend hands down and he goes hands down where? ;) lmao this is why you my best friend
Hi, my name is Chris. I'm Addicted to..RT : Advertising people,according to this, UR a bunch of hopeless social media addicts
Sometimes <3 is just a lot of heartache, but when you find a person who loves U for U then you are in true <3 and it will last forever.
I really don't know my way around Hamden, Lol .
I realized that a little later. :)
Wassup to all the homies and OGs and the whole twitter
#bcs2012 Awesome discussion around sexist "brogramming" culture by and
I was just feeling kind of left out, on account of that "E" list and stuff.
can't wait for the new Entourage movie! Arii Gold (AKA you) is the man!
Not so far :-) Competitors though
Great info. Thanks for sharing it!
when's good for you guys?
looking at it now...we'll see if we can work it into the 2012 marketing budget!! Haha, thx again.
Just noticed you're local to #Denver! Hi!
S\O doing her thang at numbers 2nite!!! Thanks 4 the invite fam!!!
lol im sorry girl. Lol but what did you do?
The River by Garth Brooks on WCVH.
RT : Good for New Leaf. Knowing when is the right time to stop is one of the most difficult things any org can decide.
Owners of Costa Concordia offer survivors of the disaster 30% discount off future cruises. Yep, a full 30%. Now that's crisis management!
Pres. Garfield's mother was the first mother to attend inauguration of a son as president.
Hahahahahahahahahaha how can you say cupcakes have no self esteem LOOOOOOOOOOOOL am i the only one who finds that funny?.
Sick. Can't wait to hear it
Don't let it fool you, Youkilis marrying Brady's sister was purely strategic and genius. Let the prodigy factory begin...
Lol RT This explains my mood RT : Happy hump day
thanks so much! I really appreciate it!
wish one if the networks would get ahold of his story.
she made me throw a stack
IF YOU FOLLOW ME I'LL FAINT. WANNA SEE ;D? JUST CLICK FOLLOW. <3
Omg Kevin that I get to facetime with emily
CHILL OUT, I WANT TO WORK AS A DISNEY PRINCESS, CLOSE ENOUGH RIGHT?
Atta girl. So does Robert if I recall the last time me & bren talked to him on fb
Not a problem!
I can talk about my full Comm Day exp on that date. For more info there is a decent thread on OS going on
And this is crazy
FOLLOW ME<U+2665> i love your music:D teamo
Social media has changed the business landscape. Customer conversations will happen online with or without your participation
No Dani going forward on the right is giving more space for Asexis to move left to right
Fake pregnacies are for the immature and naive. Who does that?!
cool. We're working on something that will (hopefully) make it worth your while to check in . . .
Good morning! Its finally Friday :D
I'm a regular employee now. How exciting is that? Ha!
there are so many people i care about right now. don't give up your heart. it's got a wireless connection to the cosmic clock.
night Walter, night Ashley!:) sleep tight, don't let the bed bugs bite!
best of Luck, see in back in Milwaukee
What a rush!
then come on over to Casa de Culotta :p
you misspelled Goad.
#1DNewEnglandContest forever grateful if I won, forever
chaz bono = my hero.
Tonight: 100 Bones, 100 reasons why you should be at Whiskey Chicks. Happy Thirsty Thursday!
yeah that show ! I hated that show -_- but is that where the idea came from? Lol
Pizza & A Pitcher Night!! Buy a Pitcher, Get a FREE Pizza! Also Tonight ~ 3 For 3 Deal -- 3 Miller Lite or High Life Shorties for $3!
HEADPHONE GIVEAWAY!!!!!!!! keep retweeting and keep #teenquestions coming, winner will be annouced WEDNESDAY right before the holidays
how much bake can an egg bake bake if an egg bake could be baked :) And I have had a cocktail! Lol! Xoxo
Listening to on #IHeartRadio. It's one way to get the blood pumping in the morning!!
food hole ?
You can now find me on voicebank.net look for ed hawthorne #voices #voiceover #voice over
"deep down" that makes me want to throw up. snubbing ryno will be the new cubs curse. theo is the new billy goat!
sending hugs all the way from Chicago. Did u get them?
The more I learn about the more it fascinates me. I am "able bodied" but couldn't run 100m let alone with one leg.
Time to make the donutes - or perhaps get up - go to work - and make a differrence! Go get em! and ...skip the donuts!
ill txt you
Just remember, the winner of Britain's Got Talent was a dog, so I guess we don't have a ton to live up to.
RT-) Perhaps the full moon had something to do with it?
I love Joshua but I'm not so sure I was crazy about that performance.
Hola Carlos is TT!..mann i love this boy :D
#Quote ~ Success is determined by those whom prove the Impossible, Possible. ~ James W. Pence
Omg I just chockedd
And in all fairness to me... I forgot about the off night MiLB thread until just about the time I popped in...
LOL. weird!! Where were you heading?
Starting this game again, : Curtains.
fuck yeah James!
With all this St. Patty's Day kissing going on, I have to admit I'm not Irish. However, I highly suspect my dick might be!
Bye bye #cccc11. It was a good time!
u is
RT: If Captain America knew how to use the Kamehameha, the Avengers movie would've been pretty short. Thank goodness all he had was ...
It fucking hot in this bus >.<
Jojo's new song "Marvin's Room" is the shizzzzznit <3 loveloveittt
In which case, I'm betting you know what to consult?
I just dumped a hooker's body in a dumpster before 9 am, so for those keeping track I officially have turned into my mother
ANOTHER DAY STILL DREAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD (: <3 9
War the hack off. Bring on the epic failures and early buzzers.
Thanks for getting back to me.
Follow and we follow 100% back :)
Just registered for the ASJA conference. I'm ready to be inspired (and inspiring!)
note to drivers during snow fall: it is safer for everyone to allow cyclists to take the lane. i appreciate the parade of honks, though!
Its songs like that, that make me think of you...
:') So proud...keep working hard!
Just drop It Off On His Porch & Dont Let Him Know Im Comin To Get It . lol
bought them Uggs? How many women play for the Pats?
Love Gurrll u so cray but I love u. Party btchessblast in a glass!!!!!
Looking forward to your tweets!
She caught an attitude I had to call a cab
I just saw Beauty & the beast in 3D with my wife and daughter. It was fun, but it cost $50 for the three of us. Man the movies is expensive.
Thirty states have borrowed $44 billion from the federal government to continue UI payments to laid-off workers. CC:
In 1952 EHW said"I do not believe I have heard any reason why certain people collect, however I am sure I did inherit the desire…"
Changed up the website and name - took a while for me to find something that was suiting that wasn't already taken.
FINALLY got to go on twitter! LOL haven't been on in a long time!
have fun baby! And BE SAFE!!!! Muah!
Heading over to Columbia College to talk about SLA 2012 with Pres-Elect Brent Mai and other #slail members
i tell them every day even when they r upset
...porky thought you bought those for him??? What's going on here.
and now off to a great
that happens to me all the time, sigh...Shanshan
RT if you're a horse at the Kentucky Derby and need a fluffer
Aww! Love my thank you letter from that noted my twitter handle. Thanks Julie!
I never got any tweets back about good gyms in Boston. Anyone know of any? Tweet
Just when you think all is good shit goes bad...
but I don't care what they say, i'm in love with you
Let's Go Rangers!
There's something bout that dark place.....
Off to work piece
The FBI wants to monitor social media?? You mean they dont????
Thanks so much for the RT!
Thank u aswell and Godbless....check out my Christian rap music page @ www.reverbnation.com/bezzy2012. *** Peace God ***
“With All Due Respect Your Honor…But You Don’t Know Me..”
Whomever still believes in 'rational choice theory' is either hopelessly idealistic or doesn't know anyone on their 3rd marriage.
Opening date is now week of 12/12 (lucky number we're thinking!)
He talks more about Hot Wheels than Indy cars. #NowThatLukeBroadwatersADad cc/
Oh yeah. We go way back, me and Wade. Just like you and Bobby V. I was just curious if was on Twitter. What about Jim Rice?
My bad. Sorry about that.
OMG SOMEONE PLEASE STOP THE GLASS BANGER.
Thanks for following
Still in surgery.
NO..... not FarmVille. Step away from the computer.
Growth is the willingness to let reality be new every moment." -Deepak Chopra
when will notice me!! haha i can just hope!!!!
Erykah Badu - Orange Moon...good vibes while im attempting to study
I didn't. It's on netflix, I'll check it out there. Good?
Wtf, you have to pay to watch 500 days of summer?! #waytoruinmynight ! :(
Ridiculous dude! You already had a bad rep! Goodbye to you!
; i got you
Stacks of wax & mounds of sound
Ok I'm up! Feeling great! Now breakfast then off to wrk! What up twitter!
Landed. Was it just one flight cause my ears feel like it might have been more.
There's nothing more pleasing than to create something. It's like bringing a child into the world- on her work
been in a sleepfunk....all day
Can You Buy Me Something?
RT Comin together is the beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success
Haha a New Brighton Lion :(
Cant go wrong with Alan Jackson's 34 number ones
I wish I was alive when Abe Lincoln was around.
You should be. And send me the pics.
so great seeing you on the marathon course yesterday!!
Don't hate the playa, hate the game.
In order to grasp all the joy life has to offer, we have to open ourselves to new experiences.
Eye doctor told me I had the most beautiful eyes hes ever seen
let the sleepless anxiety begin....
wow the Sixers are back lmaooooo
people are allowed to make mistakes, but us cows become steaks.
I'm vegetarian not vegan, but love them w/ garlic, smoked onion, and hot pepper sauce. Smoked onion is not a bad subst for ham.
I wanna be blessed! Lmao I wanna see this guy.
what happened to Randy
4 more days until I'm 16 :D
Are you interested in international news? Why?
yes! We will be open For Texas vs Ok at 11 am
Merry Christmas to one of my favorite power forwards :) good luck tomorrow. I'll be watching from KY :)
": So let's set the world on fiiiiyyyyaaa!" Gurrrl, I can't get this song outta my head!
Should be an interesting race to follow!
#librotraficante Taking elections back from school board on up. Check website update May15.
I can probly come for about an hour.
got confirmations "The merger is done and we WILL NOT be late in filing the 8k. Hope that clarifies everything."
Not much going on lately. Just working alot. ITs that busy time of the year. Cant wait for the weekend!
Happy Administrative Professionals Day!! How many of you are lucky enough to have boss who cares & is celebrating you today?
Resting players loses playoff games. Period.
If the world is all a stage and the people are merely players...what's my line again?
Yep that wld be me standing there with stained pits :) sorry... but could you repeat the question? (:> didn't catch it.
going back to the 305
Weyler: "What other stories can we use fiction to tell about early America?"
Weak ass arm in left. Fuck.
Duke and Kansas are going to be early exits.
Do you have a promo code?
me too. Mine seem to be going away now that I'm getting the right nutrition, though.
thanks bud! Totally forgot about that lol
“: Just walking into your bestfriends house like you live there.”
not yet :( i will keep at it as soon as we get up there. thankfully we're moving for DH's job, so we have that set for us!
Nuggets took it to 7 which no one expected. Wait til next season.
Setting up new products and expanding our current ones is always on our mind
You're like a Macys monkey detective!
YAA YOUR HOT
Thank you Coach Kays...a great AZTEC...and Coach!
I met some interesting people last night at Iberia Bank G.Opening. Thanks Bank #Iberia Bank
ugh , damn man . this hurts lf .
Congratulations Cardinals!!! Way to take it at the beginning!
CABO MARGARITA.......... Cabo Wabo Reposado blends seamlessly with Grand Marnier Orange Liqueur! Come try one today.
make it cool to be from Alabama!!
LOLOL. Mmkay, that was a little excessive but for real. Small bitches better not touch my Ed or Cher Bear.
Hey Austin(:
I done faked a few nuts actually
#IWishPeopleWouldJust give me a freaking break and an explanation every once in a while.
you obviously aren't in Staten Island, the stench is still strong there...smells like hair gel
We're settling in as best we can, considering. On a little writing retreat in Palm Springs this week. Love it!! Are you writing?
Using dada to to drive social media marketing #smplus with
thx same to all of u best moms!
Everybody to follow she is an AMAZING person and every beautiful:)
let's get a win tonight!
LMAOOO o.O
Serpent's Shadow by Rick Riordan and Insurgent by Veronica Roth come out today, and we have them both! Come on in and start reading!
Hey Punk
Check out Pepper Rabbit
we won both games we 2-0 we on a roll
Barney Frank: To have a functional democracy, we must have a functional electorate...Voting in primaries is critical.
#ILoveMyMother even tho she's not here with me anymore i know that she is still looking down on me. RIP.
Got no sleep this morning. Starting @ 5:00am, my street has been full of loud trucks: garbage truck, giant county truck, lumber truck. Grr!
Any idea around what month LAFF will be taking place?
It's a load of crap. I'm sorry... the organization just hauled in a BOATLOAD of money selling "stock" that cost them NOTHING for $250
If we take 6 months minding our own business and another 6 months staying out of other folks business that's 1 whole year of self control.
The big question isn't 'Are you born gay or do you decide to be gay?' It's 'Why does anyone give a shit?'
Just finish writing a very powerful song> my job is to keep jazz alive and to jazz mainstream. jazz is the language we all can understand!
Just made 22 bucks selling some old ass Xbox360 games at a yardsale. Games Gamestop would give me less than $2 a piece for. Good deal 4 me.
Having to force myself to be productive <
hahaha na you brought it around at the end - but you did say shit on the kaleo stage tho lol
We have $46 loge diamond box tickets for tonight and tomorrow's game vs Cincinnati available for $15 each.
Sorry for the delay. Definitely a fan!
you better
Hahahaha! And it was DONE!!! We def need to get together soon. This time I will be the one to cook! ;-) xoxo
Lol I haven't seen it, Jared. Brody has stunk since The Pianist,so pass! Intrigued?That's all ya got? Must not have liked it
Have great hopes and dare to go all out for them.
walmart shoppers hahaha
oh, whatcha watching?
haha i saw you (:
omg are you here right now??
No lie I would love to be friends with Justin Beiber, dude is cool as hell
I LOVED IT. So catchy and amazing ! (: I'm so proud of you.<3
not making good shots and allowing them in the paint with stupid ass dunks
Incredibly bad? Incredible that it's still on? RT This is several days late, but last week's Office is fairly incredible.
hit the black cock. Lmfao
Share all the joy you have - happiness was born a twin, indeed.
#TwoThingsIWant True Love and Less Stress
What in the world?!?
Mo money Mo problems
Yep. Prices are crazy. Thanks for the coffee. Off to work. Have a great day!
Wow RIP Whitney Houston! So sad!
This weekend's cafe special: $10.50, Grilled Chicken Parm served with spaghetti and a side salad with garlic bread
Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact. ~ William James
At work bored can't wait for my show tomorrow
I cant wait to see the homie knucklez...tomorrow im getting more tattz ...Body inked up like tha subway in harlem...
#ThatOnePersonInSchool #ThatIReallyCantStand because she has everything I don't.
I'm tired of so many things. But always look forward to the next day.
It feels great outside!
Our Debut Single "Time Is Of The Essence" is now available for FREE DOWNLOAD, off our Facebook BandPage. Enjoy and spread the word
i hate it when people unfollow me
- keep doing what your doing - **** those haters
between feeling 'happy' and feeling whole
The wonderful & talented performing at Amber Live this Thursday May 3rd 10PM-1AM!
It's Friday! Who else is gearing up for the weekend?!
i want lemonade but i dont have any
the theory could lead to tru cloning and not just a genetic clone. Let's clone the soul and see what happens.
yes would love to!! Do you have any time next week available?
Today's writing tip: If you keep insiting you don't know where to start, you'll never get started.
Schroeder's song from Charlie Brown is playing over the speakers...makes us think of Christmas! (it's getting close, right?)
Pill gets SF's second hit of the game—also the 2nd infield hit of the game—and Friedrich is back in the stretch...
Bruce all the way
What kind of favor ?
The moment Wen you think your radio is trippin and its just the beginning of Cake by rihanna an Chris brown
Started Jiu Jitsu today. Love it already : )
Good customer service rules. Be 1.transparent 2.relevant 3.brief (GOOD writing is key) 4.top of mind. THANKS
When your own music gives you chills
Tomorrow, confirms that they found the #Higgs Boson -- Turns out, it was inside all of us, all along.
what do you mean?! Hah
please please let me meet you @ the factory In Chicago it my bday weekend I love you Floyd
yeh, Trainor took care of me, I bruise easy too
Yep...totally wrote quests rather than guess...amazing autocorrect!
Same to you! You have a lovely site!
I'm glad I can finally paint my nails and not have to worry about going to practice and the chlorine ruining them!
That awk moment when you customize your best friends tumblr and she get like 350 follower and i do mine and i have 147 follows..
#bettywhite's show is on and I'm dyin laughing!
Get money fuck what a nigga say
Now watching, #Speed. Love the chemistry between Sandra Bullock & Keanu Reeves.
I'm gonna get my 99% shirt
Alright... Back on the plane... Fingers crossed that we get to take off this time... SFO here we come... I hope...
Last few days of spring break, working on my long term photo project and playing ping pong
Congrats, guys! And thanks a bunch for the T-shirt. You didn't have to share, but you did anyway! Good peeps.
Thinking about moving Orioles fanfest to this Sunday at 3, just to prove I can still get fans to show up.
Hi. I don't know John.
Does anyone know of exemplary uses of digital media (audio/video) used in sync with transcripts and other collateral data?
Working on getting ready for my first road trip of 2010! Should be an easy one.
I would love to chat more about the business you have - Something we are very interested in!
Did you float away? Turn the old fridge into a life raft of sorts? :-)
Tune in to your favorite #ArabicMusic: Classics, traditional, pop, contemporary, oud, instrumental, and much more ONLY on #RadioMAQAM!
Pleasure Lady Jennie... Enjoy thy remaining Light til darkness comes upon all
Disney to allow its theme park workers to grow beards & goatees for the first time ever! Mustaches allowed in 2000.
You will be missed. (Who put that last one in!?)
#pgmclass lectures, quizes and book are all phenomenal, but I can't justify the time I've spent on the PAs. I'll exchange pride for time ;)
yeah, we saw a doggy get hit and we tried to save him. He's in good hands now.
My best memory was Leap Day 2008-I met my forever guy for lunch &we've shared jr bacon cheeseburgers ever since! Thx Wendys!
Nothing like road trips to #livestock sales
A hot mess of a hoax. Gender something something, gay, but really a woman, hobnobbing w/ celebs, something. Google it.
Saw Jonah Lehrer give a fascinating talk about his latest book, IMAGINE. Told a story about Bob Dylan's creative process.
OMG Hi! Whats up?!
If you can live without Google Docs it's because you have never really needed to work on a collaborative project with faraway folks.
I will b in a half hour to take psat
thank you!
#TwoThingsThatDontMix black people and
saw two birds doing it. ha!
Redheaded sluts and mic ultras around the table. You'll are missing out!
Good from far but far from good
He said he like thick chicks with short hair... hahaha! Thanks :)
We as women have got to stop bashing each other for our choices. Support those who must work, those who choose to and those who choose not.
RT: turned on my tv to watch the Packer game. Found out the game is on in an hour. Pepper sprayed my tv.
Nobody enters the theater business for $$. Passion, love, art and talent are what keep this industry afloat. But how do u launch a career?
Austin and Mahomie's relationship is unbreakable. You can say all the shit you want to about us, but you will never break us apart.
RT : #BoogieNightz by is on the way....
great turnout for yesterday's demonstration! We are the 99%!
what a lovely homage to William Carlos Williams.
No problem:)
loving puppies!
I'm horny I'm horny horny horny honey.
A painter paints pictures on canvas. But musicians paint their pictures on silence.
Why do I always have to beg for someone to Skype with me? It's cool though. I see how it is -_-
Hey! Love your Instagram pic! Can we use it in a video we are making?
Thunder and lightening outside...love it!
I'm very interested in sharing my weight loss story for Lost 53 lbs, ran 3 5K's, my kidney specialist is happy
Mary, Lisa, welcome :)
Cool. Mini tweetup?
S/0 all my new followers
Didn't several more "Green" businesses go bankrupt and others are laying off workers? Things don't add up.
What is?
Im locked out!!! OMG ITS 27 DGREES OUT IM COLD!!!!
Girl next to me on the subway was reading it this morn. I eaves-read for about five pages... It was steamy!
BARBARA MCMICHAEL | Reading poetry in a pinch
Very belatedly,my mom in #Singapore has just discovered the "Poke" function on She's literally poking me twice a day now
I miss having my best friend around
I got u, ima send u tha link... Wat u an yo friends been up 2?
County changes stance, allows pit bull adoptions - Chicago Tribune
Earlier we had fried chicken, corn bread, and macaroni. We low key ghetto lol
Got 10 bucks for doing nothing.
I don't know! The password was still the same, so I don't knw. That account meant more to me than my own life.
She's adorable!
You can have the day... But the night is ours...
lol.. how did you find out shes gonna be in that movie?
Thanks for the links to some of the early animated/avant-garde films from the readings in #mc323 this week. Will discuss.
Reading about Rwanda...
& yes been a very interesting conversation (but were conscious to include all)
is that one full time person? 40hrs X 50 weeks?
on my way to Orlando :)
Correction, since the hashtag was used, but still a winner in my book! #TouchDowny Bring on the next touchdown!
Lev Manovich is up. Already this looks to be a beautiful talk
homie you can have her cus i dont really want her.
Finally home. If I never fly again, it will be too soon. Shatner had a better flight watching the gremlins rip at the wings.
You can't purchase love.
This was on tv...some kind of kid's movie! Creepy. Http://twitpic.com/3mek7m
#CIO Quote: W/ moblty & cloud, we dont work like 1938, so glad a senator is reexamining 1938 laws on exempt and non-exempt status.
I watched my neighbor's son play with his shotgun in the street.
I'm wondering, after the Zimmerman/Martin case is over and done with, is there still hope for positive race relations in this country?
Heading to in the morning to volunteer with the Allendale Columbia School alumni board.
Okay... done with The Hunger Games trilogy. As with the earlier books, I did not exactly *enjoy* it, but it was gripping and satisfying.
Just tried to log in to the faculty portal as a student for 5 minutes before realizing I needed to go to the student portal
Last night's lack of sleep is really inhibiting my ability to get things done. Attention to detail is totally shot.
How frustrating is it when you click a "Contact Us" link/button...and it takes you to another page of information, but no contact info?
Thank you for your sacrifice. Now the rest of us don't have to lose brain cells.
Thanks, we just got out of our first two finals.
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!#LiveMyLife<U+2665>
Watching last week's episode of again because it was that frickin funny. Annie, subdue your guest...
awe, why did you move?! & I freaking love in n out burger. It's the first restaurant I tried when I moved there haha :)
...that drink is magic
hey how old r u ?? i am 14
Single doesn’t have to mean lonely. Single simply means ‘I’m resting my heart until it’s ready to love again’.”
. thanks! Glad to know I've got one or two readers out there :)
I am Steven Glandsberg.
What are you watching?
hell yea, thanks to you we got the tightest drummer on it:)
my queen
omg.. that is SO weird. I was literally JUST listening to that song. Damn, its a good one.
My soul finds rest in God; my salvation comes from him.
ROFL! Is that because I posted about how Klout is useless and should be ignored? How ironic if that raised my Klout score!
Speeding ticket, dentist and a problem with my brakes... what a crappy day. : (
My life motto is "I need a drink" RT : Probably a better idea. When in the face of danger(or anything) pour drinks!
i haven't tweeted al day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Getting ready for church this morning...if u have no place to go visit Life Church in West Chester, OH. Corner of Rt. 42 & Butler Warren Rd
Hated by many, wanted by plenty, disliked by some, confronted by none.
People on your block is dead here (mentally), but if they hear the words of Elijah Muhammad they will be raised from their graves
Twitpic please!!!!
''Aint nothin' sweet but the swishers well folks mine as well say cheese for the pictures'' #makeyoumine(:
When marketing your brand you need to study up on your target audience to develop a marketing message that will resonate with them....
I love Guadalajara! Wish I was there. Have fun. They're going to love you :)
Sounds awesome! I wish Forest Grove wasn't so far from SE
my chinese class was canceled. :-(
Funny... every time I tweet on the debate, some idiot spams me to sell me something...
Longest hour of my life...
C'mon Rocks, beat the Cardinals tonight!
RAY RAY!
You going to be in DC for a few days in April? Lets grab Tom Lewis & have a drink. My treat! I live in the city.
Police escort
Thanks for the RT !
You know what's hard to show visually? Multimedia/film. I am out of ideas.
:) would love to get your opinion on how to pre-pitch and work one's way into the pitching room? I find that to be my challenge now
great, now you're playing the old lady card. real classy, Gi. real classy.
“: St Louis MO and all surrounding areas the Warship is touching down at tonight Feb 15th!” (cc )
welcome! Follow back?(: your so nice!(: lol
research paper overload: when an ILL comes in you have no recollection of ordering & aren't sure now why you might need it...
we are up in iTunes! Thanks for the support. Means a lot to us! Or you can visit our merch page and get a physical cd!
I am in a Walmart in NC. Why do Walmarts have the weirdest looking people in it? lol
I have a weird sensation for pain
"He can fix my pelvis anytime." "SHUT UP!"
So he can't have an opinion on anything but football? That's moronic.
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]<U+2661>18
What do you call an afghan virgin. Mever bin laid on
Never invoke the gods unless you really want them to appear. It annoys them very much. - G. K. Chesterton
- what is SWAT doing there?!
Gino Gradkowski. Harbaugh wanted lineman. He's got two so far. For this offense to improve, #Ravens must protect Flacco better
No you don't. There's so much pier pressure that comes with being a boat.
Boy, that escalated quickly...
#20ThingsAboutMe I've honestly never been on a REAL date.
What an interesting and wise point. Thanks! Your nice words are making my good day even better. :)
Johnson gets out of jam and #Orioles win 4-2.
I Really Hope I didn't screw things up like I usually do! :(
Good morning, all. A Wonderful Wednesday to you!
You can't touch music, but music can touch you.
About to get my wisdom teeth out today
let me go bro lol
#rossmorganrager sounds like a blast. Oh the good old days!
i've always wanted to work at a wong's wok...
Fuck that. I'm rooting for the Thunder now that the Mavs are out. I didn't want them to play each other in the first round.
Hey come join the tweetup and send out some #watertweets (til 3pm)
Yay! I love good news at the end of the day! :)
Free soup at 6:30 and St. Joseph of Copertino levitating at 7 PM.
What if..... would have done only...say 10 what ifs instead of 33??? Answer: 23 less awesome stories.
Rent your wedding dress instead of purchasing one.
#mycrazyobsession at the moment is K-Pop O.O Nothing wrong with that ;)
its a beautiful night, we're looking for something dumb to do. hey baby, i think i wanna marry you <U+2665>
Distance learning provides every facility given in physical classrooms. Log-ins, necessary links etc. are all given to the students...
Don't you remember I'm your baby girl? How could you push me right out of your world? </3
hahaha you are welcome. Majesty oatmeal taste like heaven
#20thingsaboutme ; I'm HORRIBLE in English 1. well. I think its the teacher. idk.
Oh no!! Remember, we are in the library tomorrow.
Thank you!! Ah so excited.. :)) It's an awesome song.. Great job.. <33
Susan Glasee~ I cant think of any sorrow in the world that a hot bath wouldnt help just a little bit.
Me Fui pal gymnasium!
I'm working on a primitive version of that right now
If SMS marketing is done right it isn't seen as invasive to the audience. Permission, value, targeting - all very important.
Mad Men: Bad Trips - Grantland (blog)
Making a new movie at the gym today it's called "Get Big or Die Trying"
Jerrelle Benimon. You heard it hear first : )
gotta condo on my rist, Im cashin out !
Last day in the office. #SXSWi tomorrow!!
is about to take the stage
Bye Bye #IU <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>...Can't win anywhere but at home. No March Madness games in Bloomington
Ur like a Union Square Jedi. ;)
We're munchin out down at City Cafe Diner in Chattanooga. They sell beer at a 24 hour food place? Crazy....
Yay! Good news! Mom gets to eat! Ice cream & jello was her first request. Thank you everyone for your prayers! Thank you, thank you!
Don't panic, but I think I just cracked my knee cap on the cabinet under my desk. Thank god I moved it there.
i never was a pacers fan so i cant say i "switched teams"
Excited to meet with the great realtors at the NPDodge Real Estate-West Dodge Office today!
He Touched Jerry.
SHOUT OUT TO VINNY THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW FOLLOWING YOU BACK.. MUCH LOVE.
Pick up this week's Our show at is a critics pick.
I hate cocky ppl n naw it isnt confidence mf.
Here goes nothing
KGO beer and food fest is just around the corner - we'd love to have you there. DM us for info.
Thanks for Follow!! One of my favorite movies! Troy you need to come back to Boston and shoot another film!!
tonight! Olivia Mancini + Grand Rapids + Invisible Hand + Clients not Friends = 8pm
well, when i'm working a 12 hr shift, i do drink coffee. otherwise, i don't touch it.
Good Morning! Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up. ~Pablo Picasso
Well now you have to share your Do's and Dont's with us
Some people are at the top of the ladder, some are in the middle, still more are at the bottom, and a whole lot more don't even know the ...
#DemBabies are absolutely gorgeous and continue to get more beautiful every day!!
Ambition is my shit and I put that on my name
I am going to take so many pictures of Michelle Obama today...
Today's Feature: Worcester Marinated Grilled Flatiron Steak Salad over mixed greens, tomato, feta & Chili lime dressing Butternut Squash Sou
RT : RT : God's favor will make a way! Your willingness to obey and trust Him will unleash it :) in abundance!
My Dawg! “: About to head to #oomf house..and it ain't even her birthday ;)”
Enjoying Chicago weather and amazing Board member friends to kick off
Things I needed to buy today: groceries, shoes for work. Things I actually bought today: wine, tank tops. Close enough!
That sounds like a great event. I have a few folks I want to bring to the next #SMCRVA -- Any idea of a date?
Countdown to our #CaptainAmerica video game trailer release...only days away...
I know exactly how u feel
It looks like the type of film I would watch.
Looking forward to this weekend. Shopping for new equipment, new toys are always a plus.
People are sayig your FB account has been hacked. Maybe, maybe not. You also looking for virtual sex.
not but really, it's time for people to stop quoting kevin hart 24/7.....
I'm such a whore!
We just woke a slumbering sylvan sprite from a curious nestbox surrounded by three rain-soaked songbirds.
Michael Young to #Rockies is heating up too. What do we have to give up?
probably just a sexworker trying to collect his debt
make your mind up
Its Colder Than A Castrated Eskimo in Milwaukee
It is Equal Pay Day and Tax Day...women are expected to pay equal taxes, but not receive equal pay. Something isn't equal about that.
Thanks much for the flyer. I actually sent you an email last night, did you not get it? I responded this morning as well.
I am pretty sure doing someone else's project is wrong, but hey I am good friend :)
Fuck that new girl
nigga I look good so.idk what you talking about lmao
lol what??! Where are you getting your eggs??
I think we need to find ways to use social media to continue session conversations that are often cut short.
sounds cool
Over house with the young one lol
My pastor used the phrase Happy Ending in tonight's sermon and I thought of your tweet the other day.
yes we did...that was bad
Chef Aaron Patin will be featuring new menu items starting today!!
I'll be out at a friend's house in the Highlands for a bit, but let me know where you're going and I'll dip out and meet you!
Round 2 of music fest
I just shared some great pizza with the C Ahwatukee ladies at Bell Italia Pizzeria yum
Glad you liked our stories!
we are waiting for you ;)
LOVE Über! Glad you guys got hooked up with them! Thanks for the info :)
Move to my new, temporary, office almost complete. Just need a phone and a desk, and then I wait to move again in a few weeks.
oh #facebook i hate your #minifeed ... i dont wanna know what my exes are up to...
What's with crew members forgetting their routine today? lmaooooo!
I think people need attention that I can't give
Who is ready to ClimaX tonight?
leave me alone...
BEDLAM OU vs. OSU! One bus remaining available this Saturday so don't wait to schedule the Party Bus to take you to Norman for the game
Come on lebron pass the rock when you need to dag son!
From Justin (7:35pm): Strong storms in northeast IA will be running into stable air in WI soon. Keeping a close watch.
Thanks For The Follow :)
HA!! Guess what I found? Old IU pics. I was going scan them. They are so embarrassing! lol!
I think it depends on how you define evil in this scenario.
that&#39;s right mama
I FORGOT TO PAY YOU BACK AGAIN UGH.
right place, right time and right idea!!!!!!
lisa is done...went too far with everything
When you've got nothing left but God, it's then that you find out He is more than enough.
that bad?! Lol
#sschat #edtech #educoach ?-1:1 means a laptop for each student, right? Used this phrase with a fellow educator & got a weird look?
Best Madden 12 player on the PS3
let me know when u back
your great
Business casual...mistake or comic relief for the video to follow? Lol.
It's 's birthday! Map Room, Demera & Quenchers.
ahh.. Same. I even looked at the listings for that theater you mentioned
So here's my number, so call me maybe!
Tebow does it again....proves haters wrong AGAIN
Clarification: in majority of Latin American/Caribbean countries.
After #CincoDeMayo comes Safe & Sound Sunday. NEVER drink & drive. Designate your driver BEFORE you take the first sip.
Great example of teaching as community property. I hope students read this and a sense of how feedback can be effective
Hi Mike, Wanted to reach out to see if you would be interested in positions in Philly? I look forward to hearing from you
Perhaps local lobbyist can enlighten us on demo permit + explain what "iconic spirit" means.
it's ok, he just got amnesia, but he recovered in time to save the broadway show and marry ms. piggy!
OUCH! Watch out Simon! RT : NO SIMON COWELL IF YOU CUT CAITLIN I WILL CHOP YOUR BALLS OFF.
Rick Perry is drunk again LOL, Ron Paul tried to help him and he still failed.
AMAZING girlie practice group tonight with coached by the adorable, incredible followed by...shake shack.
you look so like alex oh wow
Thanks for the link! I don't think I'll be making it down to the city, so I need an alternative :)
Happy Anniversary! New York is better for having you here.
We at Wallcovering One support the Recall of Scott Walker
Weekend full of activities with the kids! :0
take the N out of New and you got ew.. so why do they call it new?
Hold an over-the-top, self-congratulatory press conference announcing where you are going if you're a free agent.
This score LOL
Let's go USA!!!
author Matthew Inman live in Bethesda doing a fun lecture and book signing tonight.
This weekend: last chance for Easter chocolate 20-25% off all solid Milk, Dark and White Chocolate Easter goodies.
I agree-while the intent is there (who doesn't want better, positive parent engagement) it does cr8 a place where people will
Was cast in the short "Now I See" today! Yippee
: As #gasprices rise, President Obama's approval ratings drops to 46% in latest poll
your #HatersAreAllStupid like you
I'm getting there mate, been far from quiet tho!! Crazy end to the season and yeah I'm gutted, can't deny that!
My palms are sweaty & hands keep shaking. Had some weird ass dreams that are haunting me. Clowns made of balloons were suffocating me. :-(
What does it mean when you read several of a person's tweets and you don't understand any of them?
Blah blah blah!!!!!
The Spotcycle Android/iPhone app shows Bikeshare stations and bike paths on a Google Map, but it doesn't do directions.
less then 10 days until the #FreedomwalkNYC2011 come show your support, learn more at www.FreedomWalkNYC.org
Thank you for your support!
Wish I was in Walkers Branch tonight.
come on denver!
Excited to be a chaperone for my son's field trip to Kennedy Space Center today.
that was amazing.
Harden is blowin up!!!
#Str8LykeDes... Been blowing that stupid since des morning...
It's going to take me multiple races to work off all of the good food at
Love playing with my old stuff :D
we gettin fucked up. Gotta see my mexican twin
Tough times come and tough times go so always remember: no storm last forever, and when it's gone there's beautiful weather.
I sold my soul to Tumblr so I can afford a spicy chicken xD
haha well there's more again(;
omg wat color ????
food could be my best friend.
do you hate Mondays? :)
Agreed, but have to have right skills and personalities in place first. With changing business, most companies have talent gaps.
J.P.P.? I am NOT down with Juan Pierre's Pussy thank you very much!
of course he is! That's Mayweather's bff who's investing tons of money in this fight. Ortiz all the way!
Yeah but I don't think I'm ever going back- I like all this sunshine,bio-diversity and excellent sushi!
To Make Fragrance Last Longer. Start with a shower gel, moisturize w/ a matching body lotion, & spritz on perfume as the finishing touch.
I third that. DD shirtless has no equal.
My phone says that it's sunny and 62 outside. Time to prep my motorcycle
Did an awesome job. Made me really want to see some upcoming shows
for the right price any band will play a bday party.
I was a heavy heart to carry my beloved was weighted down, my arms around his neck my fingers laced to crown....
When someone who claims to love you truly does, you will never have to question that love. IRoxy Smith
I'm Crushh Free :D
We know what we are doing tonight. RT Tax Day - Celebrate your refund or drown your sorrows - $2 martinis all night!
I had a dream about ....I don't even now where to begin lol #winning &
Nails did , eating Thin Mint icecream , makin CDs , and snuggling with babe (:
Not up for this ride...
U forgot me #Team2Sexy!!
#MorningProject: figure out how to deal with #POSIXlt objects. (Any known tutorials welcome)
It’s one of the best save money tips I know
I'm laying the weet down now... Oink-lin style!!!
Chuck Norris kills dead people. :P RT : chuck N kills even when he sleeps
Can anyone tell me why B.J Novak still gets mentioned in the opening credits of The Office? I swear one season he was there for 1 episode!
Hey, Hey, Hey.
Do your running shoes have too many miles on them? Bring your old athletic shoes to the Go Go Green race, we'll recycle them for you!
Who's heard of our Goodwill Give to Get donation drive on ? Who knows what you can win for donating to ANY Goodwill in NE OH, on Sat?
now yalll got me all confused! :P
Indeed. Multi-page clicks could mean you have key info buried. RT : Don't confuse traffic with engagement.
You CAN have it all... (just not ALL the time)
congratulations! You're still running NY next week, right? Doesn't that make you a Maniac?
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work-Thomas Edison
hey, im back in mpls, let's hang out soon. :)
"Motto" by Drake =
I #HATE when people try to make and be what their not........ You only got #OneLife so why waste it not being YOU.......
When leaving your #dog often he will notice a series of actions which creates anxiety – if so try changing your routine
follow me? Pls Mandy, Aria:] I love u on iCarly!
ha! I'm thinking about whether it would be a good book discussion book for the library's book club in a bar
Ah. I bet that's true. I don't have my own website, so I may be out of luck in the short term (or need to spring for hosting).
Not nearly enough. RT : About 75 acres of pizza are eaten in in the U.S. Everyday.
LOL, pretty SILLY w. sum of those tweets bout me that followers fwd 2 me. Pls refrain from hanging on my every word.
yo mama butt dialed me earlier lmao all I heard was 25 dollar steak ??
im too nice
Here's Johnny! Tonight on #AmericanMasters, the life and career of #JohnnyCarson. At 8PM on MPTV 10.
Oh that's cool. At least you're sticking with your team. I never stopped being a #Lions fan, even tho it was hard at times.
You must have batman on your mind since they were filming outside your hotel. But seriously can't wait for linking web apps.
Well...not as bad as World Series 1997, game 5 of ECSF 2010, the drive, 2007 NBA Finals...the list goes on...but this gm is added to it
wow this game is insane man!
magic 8 balls
im going shopping.
Why are all these people following me?
she is ideal almost anywhere, she is awesome!
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas. Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
Key lime pie is officially made :)
"Nobody wants a Charlie in the Box" Charlie in the Box
i should study for my exams...but i cant..
so depressing. Like a sniper is up in the bleachers picking off guys one by one. Not looking good...need Scal to fire up the troops.
in denial about my physics test.
this is the first time I can say I EXPECT to win a series vs. The Red Sox. That's saying a lot.
First Underground of the year and FREE FOOD tonight at 7! 15th and University behind the Valero. Be there.
Nonsense. He's the son of Coul. Everyone knows that! ;)
S/O to all dez ole ass niggas n da building rocking du rags
Not sure yet - won't get my tickets till that morning! Text me though so we can meet up, I'll be tailgating with my besties from SC!
I'm deleting twitter. Bye everyone!!!
Twitters acting up 11 new followers not added. Yet?? Come on we trying to stay in contact with the people.
RT : happy belated birthday coach! Was traveling back to East coast! (Thank u Coach!! You're back in Jersey?)
Thanks Rich!
please please please follow me u r so amazing and i will be the happiest person in the world. plus i love you so much!!!!
Check out all the cool prizes for FestQuest! You know you want to win a $250 Sushi Dinner party from Zen Sushi & Sake Bar!!...
In math learning new things
I guess I can go pick up the wife now
I LOVE WHEN PEOPLE COPY AND PASTE MY TWEETS INTO THEIRS WITHOUT CREDIT Wtf it wasn't even funny, it was directed at somebody
Thank you to and for an amazing Q&A call! :)
I have to put my cereal in the bowl before the milk, it's the law of food.
I love it when my friends text me stuff like this --> Someone was blasting What Makes You Beautiful by my house. Thought of you.
Congrats! It's a long way but we'd love to have you! RT : Got into :) So happy but why why why am I in the...
RT : RT : Move your message - learn how to add AUDIO and VIDEO to your website.
Email me at I'm so excited to interview you! :)
so you're the boss of the casting company? OK, How do I get a shot?
Congratulations your are our first Twitter contest winner!
You the one that I dream about all day You the one that I think about always You Are The One So I Make Sure I Behave! My love is your love,
Happy Thanksgiving to the Always Energetic & Positive :-)
Can't wait to see tonight at Aladdin Theater!
How good is this answer...damn!
Hope your day gets better. :)
I think Kelli is there too
SHE INTRODUCED HiM TOO HA TONGUE RiNG AND PUTT'EM TOO SLEEP #GirlYouNASTYYYYYYYY o.O
sounds delicious. Which one do you work at ??
a bunch of internet thugs...yahoo
“: Successful evening with my homie ” Def a good night!! Hope to have something final soon!!
#Collington and some eggs and bacon are a good way to start the day.
Watching the muppets instead of studying
Loved #WarHorse last night
Awesome - have fun! Wishing you a nice breezy, non-muggy day.
Women who can't cook are like women with no ass,
Once a cheater always a cheater.
Good Morning Everyone! Wishing you a Blessed Week...
I bet you anything that we have been to all the same shows lol
I wish I was home, I wish I was back there...with the things I've been knowing.
he was kind of a jerk when he visited.... Not impressed....
After months of building the site, We're almost done!
Unselfish and noble actions are the most radiant pages in the biography of souls. ~David Thomas
It's almost American Horror Story time!!
Ah! Me too! I love the crap shack!
I'm not perfect I just say I am because that's what I strive to be
Mark your calendars for Friday Sept 30. Euclid Tavern in Cleveland. We've got a live extravaganza you won't want to miss!!!!
But for realz, have to be at work in 29 minutes and I JUST got in the shower. Might be late, boss.
Stop being lazy and get your license, xD Then you can come see me whenever you want! :3
My to do list: Find Humpty video of That is all.
Writing letters for my mom and granny for mother's day. <3
So im totally sitting in a fortress made of blankets & pillows. watching Dracula w/ the rents. I feel like a kid again :)
you need to text me back. Cuz I need that !!! Lol
is this confirmed?
wish that tweet was about me.
Did you get a hanger from the Scouting division for our area? RT to let us know... about 2000 scouts will be covering 100k houses!
Thuggery and brutality are symptoms of ignorance run amok. Go Blue...good must always work to overcome evil.
I vowed 12 YEARS ago never to set foot in a Kinko's again. And yet here I am.
A pretzel melt hm this should b interesting
. actually, you're a faux patriot chickenhawk cartoon who wouldn't know truth if it hit you in the ass with an arrow.
<----- Deserves a couple thousand followers
did u get a chance o check out my book yet. hope u enoy it x
MT Spring Fling Finals: A Event: Border I (Kuniholm) over Belfast (Read). // Congrats Sam and Nicole
Wish would come to Denver soon.
oh, that's so nice to hear! Thank you for telling me. You are right, I should write more about WHY it is important. :)
I had to make fun of my friend because Klout thinks he is influential about models. That service is so weird.
Brooklyn11223 says #thisaintjersey so then why are you trying to be? #jerseyshore is way better and it will always be!
Coincidence? I think not! Will you be going to or the Pirate Festival?
#Moore, The Risk of Infidelity Index. Expat PI Vincent Calvino in seamy Bangkok. Noir crime thriller, by the other Christopher Moore. Decent
J Boettcher keynote: Future of Distance and Online Learning starting
Guess its just me tonight
You have the power to turn positive to negative and vice versa.
Also just noticed that during my drunken hours I changed my Twitter name.
Baseball Flow
May 13th... im releasing it the same day as the mixtape RT : did u ever release fornication video?
missed this whole convo, what are we talking about?
My eye is itchy
i bet
Fully aware. So was Tim Couch's.
Oh, Austin, how I have missed your shiner bock
i love you :)
Where have you been all my life?!
The Google interactive doodle for Jules Verne's birthday today is extra-cool.
Already thanks for the love! I'll be back in action soon
Ladies night tonight in Park meadows! 2 BIG giveaways! see you at 6pm!
we'll save one for you!
we love you too<3
Oh my - YES! We have our Altered Landscape exhibition / collection up now...see here for future shows:...
Oxy Mo: Unknown Identity
tufted vetch
loose more sweat? Lol
Y.O.F.O You Only Famous Online lol
aww well hopefully we are both up and at em by this weekend
"Make each day your masterpiece." John Wooden
Very nice 9:45 work out
No where is the promise greater than american made energy! Thanks
Oh my goodness! :O That's insane... Lol :)
How do you plan to #lendafreehand to someone in your life today?
MiniBük enables potent communication but consumes limited resources. Spread your word. www.minubuk.com
You get on my nerves so bad.
#mdst3707 There's just something about writing html at 3 in morning that makes it make sense
Thanks! Tomorrow would be a good question/answer opportunity for anyone who wants to know more!
everything's great, thanks for asking Chris. How are things on your side of the World?
Oh yanno just teaching my sister how to work the toaster..
Woah! Awesome! Keep up the great work. It's nutrition month...what's on your plate? That should help keep the momentum.
I would pay to watch Charles Barkley, Shaq & those guys on TNT break down the Rangers hockey game.
JUSTIN BIEBER IS MY INSPIRATION 4 LIFE even when ill be 80 and have 40 cats him and he'll give me the courage 2 wake up every morning
Looks like some Denver Zombie Crawl footage will be on Nightline tonight! (Starting right now!)
Watch for updated GSA officer job descriptions before elections this spring.
's outfits in her WW commercials >>
that's fine :) glad you stopped by ... u see we have lots to do but once complete will be beautiful!
RT : Hi everyone! Thank you for inviting me to be the guest host!
Almost in chi town!!!
I say we end the day with the latest
It's a sex club and yes everyone has been playing all night, but after 4 am please play in your bedrooms - not in the living room! Sleep!!!
lol, nah, just my finger. But I've had a lot of practice. More than I'd like to admit. Lol! Loved the Popeye!!
Hahaha Twitter is so hard. True American could be the perfect thing for 's bachelorette.
Give me a five nigguh. <U+E012>
Got a shave and a haircut (2 bits) yesterday and now look completely different. Getting these "who are you" looks at work.
ikr!! A friend of mine had an extra one!
why would they want to film transformers at morningside ? out of all the other schools in the country/world ! morningside ? pretty cool thou
I was out n about!!! How have u been?
#princeton d'uh
Good morning my loves!:) What's my twitter family up to this weekend???
I'm on The iPad 2 which means I have FaceTime! Send me your contact info for a free consultation via Facetime!
RIP '86 Rally Man RT : BREAKING: Hall of Fame catcher Gary Carter has died at the age of 57 via
YOU ARE ALMOST NEAR TO PERFECTION! :) i just wanna be with u
I use them all the time, they're simply for suckers....
They fucked me Cook
I thought I read a study recently that told just the opposite - it was for high school students though.
Sophie "I love you like a piece of cake"
Why is everyone talking about a Pencil sharpener.?
A billion here a billion there, don't about the middle class. We work them for little pay no benefits and we take the profits.
when quad core phone erik b released
hahah god I hate you
can anthony davis please shave that unibrow
PETA is still complaining about Luck? It's already been canceled! They're beating a dead horse. ...OK, I just got what I did there.
Tricky subject!
Really Phil? Abacab? Is it REALLY there?
LOL! i wish u wrote dick. that would have made me pee myself. no dick will attack u!!!!! tell them to chill. ducks are sweet
come on in to two suns massage in se portland relieve your migrane and get 20% off 503 4495164
Watching Chelsea vs. Manchester United.
I just lost all of my friends from that previous post
What is symbiotic relationship between architecture and social media? Nicolas Rader gathering information from users
Well gosh show last night was such a forceful well-orchestrated spectacle I didn't have oppor. to yell "Set Your Lineup!", haha.
Brb I'm gonna go eat a pancake (:
Hm My twist out still looks pretty good... Maybe I'll just wait... Monday maybe... #naturalhair Lazy hair weekend
I know right!! How r things in the makeup biz?
Did you get an egg custard?
I'm racking them up like it's no one's business.
Thanks for the follow! :)
Can't wait for my franks to get here!
RT : CURRENTLY CASTING #ACTORS & #ACTRESSES FOR 110MIN LONG SERIES FOR DM FOR DETAILS! 2
Douchebags RT: Why the fuck do those 5 dudes sitting behind the #Bulls bench still wearing their damn sunglasses
“: hey you're kinda cute” awh thanks jen!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I'm a Kansas hater! KENTUCKY LETS GET THIS!
Well I like him 2
I think calling a kat "athletic" is the new "N-Word".....
Let's Strive Everyday to be Judgement FREE!!! We're all different, but we all experience fear, pain and love!
Thanks, TK..Nothing can keep you down. You'll be back stronger & faster.
I love knowing that you're mine, no doubts or questions, all mine. And I'm all yours..
Yay yay yay! Read me to your heart's delight.
how did the breakdancing go?
yo, give me a call, i straightened everythin out wit the apartment
I'm so ready to leave for the summer!
Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter!!!
In Virginia, visiting President 3 4 and 5 in two days. Should've brought crayons to update my illustration of from 2nd grade!
Do not make the mistake of treating your dogs like humans or they will treat you like dogs. ~ Martha Scott
that really means a lot!<3 (:
Thats bad :o RT : Trojan pleasure pack.
Thank God. Was afraid their playoff games might interrupt my Brewers time
1 press release and I'm done. must sleep first tough. Gestational week 34 is creeping up on moi ;)
except Luke Perry
check the comments on my wall...
. Mudblood (if you wanna name it after ), Boner (what we call a full blooded Prince, )
I don't remember all that lol he looked so good RT : no I didn't see .. I heard they kissed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> ugh! Lol
is creepin (; maybe this could be the day he notices me? #NeverSayNever 3
re JCDL 83% way less than that we have smart and dedicated people from around the world ask :(...) 83% of LC will be there :-)
Starting rehearsals for "WE FIGHT WE DIE," a new play reading I'm directing at the Alliance theater. Come to the Alliance at 7pm Monday.
Everything on campus is closed! I know it's spring break and all, but some of us still have work to do!
not doin it this week...sorry not feeling like writing anymore
So apparently I'm the only dude John Travolta didn't sexually harass?
Knock A Niqqa Down Have My Mans Take The Case.!
towson hot bagel then down to VA for some roller skating (hope I don't die).
some people jus have sex wit any body
oh my heavens and stars, the sexy articles we're setting up for tomorrow. Sweet, sticky, and full of the HAWT! Whee! :)
The Hiatus is over....
I'm going to Stef's at 7:30. I want to talk about logos, static clings & "the other thing." please join me.
"we'll burn that bridge when we come to it"
Just got the audiobook for HeatWave Read by Richard Castle. Holy Reference Captain Reynolds!
Music is the soul of language. Max Heindel
!!! RT Very much appreciated Ruck! Thanks 4 da love & da bottle! We gonna b celebrating ya masters soon! Keep reaching 4 da stars!
Oh hey, allusion to #SOPA! I see you!
New headshots scheduled. Gonna sschedule a Groundlings audition soon. Gonna hit this year hard;)
So many good things on the horizon. :)
The refs is cheating for kobe soo damn hard ...
Are those chickens?
I think it is weird. Somehow, I just don't get it.
What would you rather they ask?
that cookie looks burnt, man!
Wat the fuck kind of judge would sentence a 12 year old to prison for thirty fuckin years. This shit is cray!!!!
Anyone want to buy or sell a home in Wausau?
Happy first international #downssyndromeday !
Breakout session reports. So far the theme: To Be Continued..... A lot of local issues in search of a larger platform.
Why isn't CNN interviewing Joe Donnelly, the Dem challenger to Mourdock?
To wasted bar patrons that I'm sure to encounter tonight and tomorrow, I prefer tips over hugs, kisses & well wishes.
just found out that im not getting my 1D tickets after all=(feel like someone just ripped my heart out of my chest!
wat happened to it: / oh ndx u needa txt me !
Great to see SuperintendentThornton & Council President Hines at MasterLock
I'm tweetering on your page lol
You and your sister <3 , favorite girls
lol.. no problem! I tried to DM you, but Twitter decided, "not so much!"
#ThoughtsDuringSchool I hate everything, I just wanna go home.
Told me what exactly?
. You don't worry about that yet!
Whippin through the house on bladed. TFTC
My best friend asked me to do her makeup for prom!(:
baby #7. exausted, fatigued, and sick alot. but other than that it's been going okay.
Make sure u promo me :-)
Accepted RT“: I need to apologize to for ending our friendship bc of crosbitch”
Now Im debating on whether I want to stay on campus next year. I dont want to be a senior surrounded by young minded underclassmen.
Who is following the game?
One Direction Infection ;O;O;O <3 They're all beautiful <3
haha youu know it's True!
It is time. For cheese bread. And it is so freaking good. $6.99 delivered NOW until close. 812-332-8696.
Weeks is giant, and can KILL fastballs..when thrown to him. Weeks needs to be in situations where he can't be pitched around.
Come enjoy our Roasted Red Pepper Corn Chowder Soup on this cold and rainy day!
Hi Thomas, thank you for including my tweet. I hope you have a wonderful weekend!
"odds against tomorrow" - belafonte, dinah washington performing, and a young cicely tyson!
Tip off Tuesday! Come watch the playoffs here at #PACERS vs #HEAT at 7pm and #CLIPPERS vs #SPURS at 930!
<U+266A><U+266B><U+266A>What if its lost behind words we can never find... what about now? What about today?<U+266A><U+266B><U+266A>
Mites causing spots, but they’re harmless
Do you have mobile app for your service?
SB stoplight on ptree at w paces totally screwed up!
love that calendar! I am giving that one to my grandmother for Christmas!
Computers can only do as much. The world still needs the human touch!
didnt really have any issues with the 3D ETX version... but I didnt expressly choose 3D... just worked with my timing
K, thanks. lol
respect the gash
Hopefully can get a ride to work if not looks like I'm wlkin from my house....today has not beem the greatest
It was awesome
.~.-_+ YOU WANT TO BOOK A PARTY FOR SATURDAY MATRIX.... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
out of conference series don't matter in college baseball. We threw off because we just faced LSU last weekend, big series next
Weeds in the garden are total space hogs! (and time consuming to pull)
<.< Just get outta here already.. *dies*
We've already moved hundreds of students but its not too late to sign up!
all spot on. Like the use of 1 decimal place in your points too.
Sure:) best friends always share!
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love
I LOVE your website! Um...crazy I haven't checked it out before this!
Great job Kris! Time to eat and enjoy
fait enough but the biggie is creating engaging history timeline content for 200+ malls & finding and curating takes time
thank you for the follow!
Awe, you are too sweet Ophelia.
RT : Chargers coach Norv Turner tells NFL Network's Kara Henderson that is out for tonight's game.
Justin Beiber thanks God for his career and also Jesus who also helped. Holy Spirit, snubbed again.
#ItsAlwaysTheUglyGirls that's niqqa be down grading too or cheat 4... If u gonna be a dog at Least grab a bad bitch smh
i got u. Whats hood wit a colabo?
my word is gold. :-)
Trying to decide who I should shout out in my 2000th tweet
Sad Cause... Well...
Harry styles
FEAR THE RALLY CAP!! takes a 5-4 lead in bottom of 7th!
Yay I got top 8 at TNR! Lots of fun. but im worn out. Night night world! z
<3 RT : peanut butter toast and the muppets movie, it doesn't get much better than this.
me to! I got my charger with my own money. I'm so depressed lol
Good luck! Saw this! Great news going into Dead Week and finals!
Wireless fiber = immediate, high-bandwidth connectivity with high availability, secure data transmission and flexible, scalable deployment o
What is your favorite smooth jazz Christmas song?
Teaching tonight on different narratives of cholera and TB during 1800s. FUN TIMES. (It's sad how much I love talking disease.)
Also, for Mother's Day I took a mom out for lunch and hit on her pretty hard. Politely, but hard. I'm a charming bastard.
looks like i just made the Level 4 CoeD Cheer Team !!!!!
Pizza and tunes with and <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
My pleasure. You may want to let know your secret sauce. She wants to know more...
: Tune in tonight at 11 on channel 18 CAPITOL CHAOS live footage fom us feel free to leave us comments and feedback.
I'm going to be in Minnesota for the
sorry for the FB thing. it was really dumb.
EEK Cherie! Sounds bad.
The TSA considers leggings pants, even when worn under a dress.
its 12:10 am and im sitting in a toronto Hotel drinking and singing 80's Classics...
Why is it our generation tries to change the bible to fit them, wrong is wrong. Nobody's perfect we know but geesh
we stay winning! Good to see you tonight
I'm feeling a little frustrated today, but trying my best not to let it get the best of me. I think I'll make some tea
awwhhh! <3333 I'm just a good cuddle buddy when I try to be but
Uh, jazz. Thank God they have beer and jazz groupies. Wait. Ok, just beer. Pokes self in eye.
Hey! We have something in common! We're legends too! But only in our own minds! Please help us find these guys! Best & success!
DAR WILLIAMS & JOAN OSBORNE - Tuesday, September 27 @ Turner Hall Ballroom - 7:00PM DOORS - Tickets on-sale 7/29 - Just Announced!
Hope my tweets make you smile.
Tish Long says challenge status quo
ABC just switched off the Horns....No, I don't want to watch the USC game!!! Here I come, Law and Order SVU!
Hopefully you'll be able to help w/ the next one. Possibly in March?
u know I had to say somethin <U+E056>
Am I dreaming ? I don't even know what's real, crazy feeling.
The first email newsletter happens Sunday - HUGE announcement. Sign up on our site www.ttfest.com, on the right side. Giveaways coming too!
if you cried when brokeup, go listen to ! (:
7th round pick, seen as a project for the Bills, started by default cuz no other good LTs on BUF. Decent but not great player
RT : Congratulations to #PowerofOne Capital Access finalists on your inspiring work and impact!
please follow me!?(: i'm determined to get you to by my birthday in February!:) #FollowMeAustinMahone!
Sorry for tweeting every 2 minutes... I have a problem.
Just plain wrong on so many levels!........
She chases youu around like a puppy dog..
guys just stop!.(: lol it was an accident chris stop it! get over it && move on!:b haha anyways...(:
Conference program booklets are essential items for organizations. Here's a snapshot of a program booklet we just completed.
Refs want the saints to win
cucuber+blake's butt= love?
Love how classic and simple Jessica Chastain's dress is. Dripping in pearls!
Pro Oil Plus - Napa Web Tools
It's almost Thanksgiving! Family activities planned on Wed. 11/23 and Fri. 11/25 and live music Wed. evening....
it goes 12 innings and manny puts Perez out in a non save sit lol
Welcome back tweetdeck!
oh god. working out first thing this morning was the worst possible idea.
A-rod and Pujols should share an apartment with Jeremy Lin could you imagine the tabloids then????
Osmo Vanska. We're in MN tonight. Army of cellos playing covers. You'll like. You're on the guest list.
Game over. Luckily, my son is still cute and the next three Sundays just opened way up
Ex Factor.. Lauryn Hill
thanks for the directions last night!!! I made it home without getting lost! yayyy! :) and it was nice seeing you too!
. short narrative for software patents. need a "Mcdonalds coffee" story. Patent shakedown stories help, eg IBM v. Sun
You may not be perfect but you are perfect for me, and I'm grateful to call you mine! <3
were always here for you, no matter what<3
This all day training at work just sucks!!! I don't think I can do a week of this smh...
Project Porsche 924 Turbo gets tested
Congrats to Adrian Black on creating an awesome Reel last weekend!
St Patricks day celebration at work- green pancakes with green butter, leprechauns, little pots of "gold"... Wow!
Wait what? RT : ": Have y'all ever replied to a rejection letter inquiring about the rejection?"<_< lol um no
How is my phone charging but its decreasing in battery life!!!
Yo on the real, if you want to do it, do it.
40 year old virgin getting waxed!! lmao
Check out what OB and DIA have going on these days!! Pics are up on Outward Bound Denver's FB Page!
Happy Memorial Day Weekend Everyone! Thankful to the sacrifices of people for the freedoms we enjoy!
When's the next MMA Sunday School?! Yall are missed!
Gonna go ahead & say it: Dire Straits = underrated
looking great on Wendy w.
When will there be a new season of ? I'm having Tim gunn withdrawals
how you know they telling the truth
Need an affordable, professional, well-located gallery for a show/event in San Diego? Please contact .
I'd be in
Apparently everyone who was driving decided to multi task and also suck dick today.
WE LOVE YOU, Please notice me? Please don't change, ever!
you all really should come to the oregon dunes (horsfall) this july 4-12 for original sandfest and do some stunts and film it!!
It's not quite Friday but thank you and for following us! Much love.
Does not matter if he is the one!
#ireallywant my close friends and family to move with me :(
When I wake up on the morning after election day I want the headlines to celebrate our victory over politicians in it for the money.
He's risen!!:) conquered death so we don't have too! How freaking awesome is that!?! Thank youu Jesus!:) have a great day you guys:))
new facebook gives me anxiety.
CANT WAIT TILL #BELIEVE :') <33
nice arm bar baby! Way to go!
just followed everyone back! #teamfollowback <3 lets get 200 followers by valentines day, yeah? 200th follower gets a shoutout xoxo
Call the golf shop now at 608-244-1822 ext.3 for our new outing offers for the 2012 season!
Our says horseshoe and is about the special things you do outside of the game! #SB46 Legacy Project!
Peace is the Boss of everything ever created
GONNA PARTY TIL THEY TAKE US AWAY.
What a power nap. I feel like I can conquer all know. Look out.
Woah woah woah I never said that!! Don't listen to this nonsense
Hey people follow me on gifboom ! !
thanks girlie! :D
my emotions are dead with soemone to spr n make it alive :)
Dear Future, give me a cellphone battery that never dies, a car that runs on air, and a closet that produces an infinite amount of clothing.
used 1% of marketing budget for digital in 2009 and now it's 23%
..... Watch your habits; they become character. Watch your character; it becomes your destiny." - Frank Outlaw
you should follow us! :)
Sometimes in the morning when I pee it's kind of frothy. It makes me wonder if I was sleepwalking and drank liquid soap. Am I alone here?
Natural gas is cheaper than diesel but you need compressors.
Out of all the lies you told me, saying you loved me was my favorite.
So Santorum spoke and now it's Mitt's turn.
Honk your horn, and shake your fist, violently. : The car in front of me is going 15 mph.”
so true ... in life and schools! $$ == priorities.
hello again, twitter! it's been awhile, but you've never looked better!
So much for going to sleep early
Bankers are all betting against each other now -- Yes. And they're using ~your~ money! (#InEffect, #OPM)
President Obama said he supports gay marriage, but thinks the states should decide. I'm surprised that as a black man he thinks that works.
Great dinner!
waiting to get my second wind... for eating that is
Giants now lead 9 -0 . I am bored.
Yay! Tomorrow night should be good. I haven't seen everyone for a while.
2012 is the Myan prediction the end of the earth
Really excited that the local boys () have their home opener tomorrow!
thats what happens when you pushin a big body....lol
Good luck on your presentation today!
i know she a hore cuz she went out with almost evry guy in the world
finished getting ready! :)
Wow! You had a busy day.
pull me from the gallows.
It was a wonderful evening in #Marion, #Indiana. Voters are hungry for new, conservative leadership.
Working 15 hours tomm and I'm at a bar right now
this demonstrates that Obama care still has not effectively lived up to the promises made!!! Has Romney care addressed this?
dang Taay , clean up (: # need some help aha ?
No, I'm just in them!
i fucking hate life gonna go listen to till it seams like its going to get any better
The only way to run when it's 1°F in Minneapolis is with a Wallaroo top and Firewall zip from
All I want is a President who talks tough and starts unnecessary wars because of his unresolved father issues. Is that too much to ask!?!
Hearing the glee version of "forget" you was offensive enough but Gwyneth Paltrow is the cherry on top of this shit sundae
Finally saw the #HungerGames. It definitely did the book justice; something you don't always see. It made me excited to be an actress. :)
read tweets. any truth?
thank you for the #FF mention!
Why do super political ppl feel the need to cover their cars in bumper stickers?
over here acting a fool wit & william
Strawberry rhubarb pie is very underrated.
This weeks S.O.W./Ginger marinated shitakes/Spinach/Marinated Chicken breast. We now have Hinterland Coffee Stout and New Glarus Dancing Man
And its gone get even hotter, cancelling that hair appointment
this may be the toughest test of the year for Duke. I believe Mr. Durham forgot about UNC's trip to Rupp.
You're too kind! We're grateful to have been doing business in #Madison for the last 70 years!
I will try my best!
Look down, look up , I'm on a horse! (so funny)
I figured out why Josh Collmenter has owned the Brewers this year, he was born in HOMER…Homer, MI that is. ZING!
If anyone follows me i will follow back!!!Plz follow me!
Trivia...'Fair Play', directed by J Lane, was filmed on the University of Maryland College Park campus ,
sending you some beats now look out for them
Motivate - It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, Always do what you are afraid to do.
is this the reall michael or a fanpage??
Austin is the live music capital of the world!
Somethin about the way you walkk :)
thank you guys!! <3333 late #FF :)
I'd eat 6 donuts right now! Better than a fake cigarette.
This isn't me giving up, this is me letting go.
This just in: Confirmed Stock is, well, confirmed for the 2640 Space on Saturday, April 28. Vendor announcements coming soon!
You want to live longer? Set exciting personal goals.
Merry Christmas Everyone...may your holidays be filled with joy!
“: Gibson is throwing one heck of a #blockparty tonight at the #PHIvsCHI”
i hate you so much it makes me want to gag really LOUD
Cp3 is ridonc! Trade him to the #magic please
I am interested, please DM me!
Favorite "music" movie?
#onlyskinnyppl get attacked by pitbulls fat niggas know how to get away skinny ppl think y'all can out run the dog
Chris Paul will never back down from anyone. You can count on that! This game getting crazy!
Oh is she "perfect" drew? Thanks.
when people favorite my favorite tweet i make these faces <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Add Me on www.Facebook.com/janaenow
Bobby Mitchell on for Jim Eisenreich in center. Not a good sign as Eisenreich has been dealing with a nervous disorder.
I gave up trying to have follow me. Its just useless... I justin will NEVER follow me. Whatever. hi ;3
Thanks! You're gonna love the #nickasaurfamily! We're great:D haha
aww. I'm so so so blessed. Love you ladies.
Have you found a new place in Boston?
RT : sez we need to become better writers. When hiring tech people, I always hire the best writer.
- yep! I noticed this morning. Odd.
yea we do
#WhatIMissMost is that nice cold refreshing beer that was just in that glass in front of me
strep throat can go to hell. :(
this is gonna be a very physical series.
yes it is sexy guy
I can eat two dozen wings and feel stuffed, but if I get a whiff of a fresh batch, I got to have more.
Waiting to hear about two possible jobs this week: in NC and GA.
Thanks. Looking forward to a great day of hockey. I think someone said that once...
I think safeNet has sharepoint and biztalk market nailed down my friends
#orphans8 Bill Ferehawk presenting now on footage of Buddhist temples in Hawaii
glad to know I could help! definitely will be asking you for future gaming advice.
Happy Easter from all of us!
never go to a club called drip , sound like an std or something -_-
this is a very good topic!!!!! i thank u for bringing it up.
The rich girls steal, the pretty girls lie, the smart girls act dumb and the dumb girls try to be all of the above.
Super yummy burger along with the stack'd blonde ale!
Thank you! She is always interested in watching me make jewelry so In a few years I'll probably do just that :-)
Finally got off the couch!
your tweets are awesome !!
“: want to be on my radio show with tomorrow? I'll have you call in!” would be honored
Vegas was suppose to be fun....I am so confused now. People are beyond hurtful. It really sucks. #sad#
laying in my bed. :)
I want a Jamba so bad.
Baltimore needs you. Baltimore needs me. Together WE make a team!
u working today
Broken Crown is playing the Omaha Entertainment Awards Event this Saturday at 8! Come hear the best Omaha has to offer in all genres!!!
Not another girl???
Nutella Sandwich + Milk =
‘Rise of the Planet of the Apes 2' Snags ‘Contagion’ Writer via
Twinkle twinkle little star! Who the hell you think you are?!
Eaters! Lil sis and I are cooking anniversary dinner for our parents next month. Suggestions for an A+ main that isn't chicken or fish?
what classes are you taking ? :)
Bed time last final of college ever!
Cool things are afoot.
Kudos to the 10 officers who decided to stand up for whats right!
Brett got voted off survivor! Damn
I needed so bad to see my Musicians in Christ praising God on there instruments and all I got was another program with no dynamics..JESUS!!!
Happy Monday yall!
you not in pare ?
Or maybe not... 4th down!
You're welcome! Great video!
every 1st saturday
What a FANTASTICAL game today, man! Nicely done!!!
My stomach is killing but i dont care! Party! Party! Party! Till i die!
I never really liked being categorized with others. I'd rather be labeled as me. Nothing more, nothing less...
I'm so proud of you! Already got his 1st single! You are such an inspiration to me, love you Austin! #proud #11:11
What a Day its been
ha, like your style. going to yoga now and then will hit the plum juice
The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking places.
it's a glitch on my iPod so really it's not that emeberrising
- love the positive messages. And always enjoy hearing you on the Murph & Mac show on the way to work each day.
I wander if its possible lol stil I followed so plezz follow me bak
Mr. Davis has a farm
Yes, you are right. I can't expect them to get all info in lobby.
happy birthday bro ((: see you soon !! (: <33
Clear sign he is about to endorse pot legalization. RT : Obama says Dave Matthews is “someone I just love”
uv never been a college graduation? Lol ur lucky!! Too much talking about nothing haha
If Uthoff wishes to appeal the "permission to contact" denial to any #BigTen school, he can request a hearing within 8 business days.
I just lost two hours of my life that I will never get back. What a horrible play. Acting was fine, story SUCKED!
Reggie Watts is hilarious
true, but extremely delicious. not pictured: lemongrass coconut gelato. beat that baseball!
When I call my moms name 2 times bec she doesn't hear the first she yells at me and talks about me to everyone else in my family. I can hear
lol I'm I'm the wrong account fiddle sticks
Yo! do you have a silver belt '? ?
Rainy days bring the worst traffic
I finally started actually listening to . I freaking love them. can't wait for May 31st <333
Yup! We will have everything there.
Happy to make you smile.
Does Bob Saget creep anybody else out?
coming to the game tonight! Hit one out for me
Going to Yum Center today for UL graduation. Congrats to my brother
Back to back 8 inning starts from Burnett.
Just got done killing some cardio for the night with always nice to have someone next to you!
we're on the same page...
#ConfessionNight has a beautiful smile. Wait, that's not a confession, that's more of fact, oh well.
Not only is #Adele a fantastic live performer, but she has the best-dressed backing band of the night
Jammin' it up at 's 12th live event! It's a packed house! Glad I got here early!
No texting :( wtf is going on with my phone!!!!!!
8. i want you
you tell them girl. U know what's right for u and others don't need to put their 10 cents in.
Fave so far: Woman: Do you think they would taste like chicken? Man: Yeah, but the plastic might make them extra chewy. Body Worlds Exhibit
So drunk. Good lord
I've never been perfect, but neither have you.
found on walls in the pyramids???...an image from [a] tomb complex that showed acrobalance, tumblers, toss juggling and stick manipulation.
My cousin to me: "You're like a real life Dora the Explorer."
SOUP! We have Beef & Cannellini Bean Minestrone, Turkey Wild Rice, Potato Ham & Asparagus and Tomato Bisque! All fresh and asking about you.
Are you following us on twitter ?
please it would mean alot
Lmfao RT A Nissan Sentra does not deserve rims
Are You Talking In Acronyms?
that's what's up. Def killed it tonight at colony
Exactly. And he's just living his dreams, like he's always wanted to do. And some are trying to hold him back, idk why.
''I'm not a freestyle leprechaun!'' on writing me a poem on the fly.
My son owns this. It's every bit as... whatever it is... as you think it might be.
. and I have the over/under on rounds Mayweather wins at 9. He's got the over, I'm taking the under
maybe the fact that ny is a cesspool full of people who sodom and Gomorrah would kick out is finally cursing yanks
wit my bro tomorrow is his real bday
Happy Monday, looking forward to some nice weather and new opportunities. Get after it! "Nothing happens until you make it happen"
lOl, okay then.
We're glad you enjoyed it Carolyn! We hope you had a great birthday and hope to see you again!
I'm not saying it's their fault, I'm just saying it has to be a buzzkill to read stuff like that after every accomplishment
Just got a big stack of signed postcards supporting the #Maryland #bagfee from activists in Baltimore County. It's a little like Christmas!
Grab a Cranberry Walnut muffin and Golden Yunnan on the way to work
My kitchen window faces the street. I open my fridge & drink milk from the carton knowing I may be seen. I like to live life on the edge.
D: what's wrong
Feel like all I do is eat. Meal hours are too close.
I just heard that mark cuban dropped $250,00 at a bar in Miami the other night. $20,000 as a tip for getting a 4ft champagne bottle. Ballin.
i'm craving some #teamdeathmatch (:
Ah, Rangers vs. Kings in the morning!! What a great way to start the day...Go Dubi!!
I know!!! I was monitoring it all yesterday!! I'm up to 40 residents & 24 floors!
Who's ready for at Noon? Starts in 30 minutes with the ever-lovely duo & !
Never tell me the sky's the limit, when there are footprints on the moon.
Attention all PR students. What chapter are you on? Which chapter has made the most impact on you so far?
why would you do that?
Thnx for following back
What do you consider your greatest accomplishment?
“: Get up and work out everyday. Trust me it feels amazing!” <3
I Said Hi!
well, welcome to the family ! CC:
Sounds like a typical public library day. lol
chillin, how about you?
two weeks till I'm back! My roots are showing, it will be just in time!
Tony Parker has 18 points and 9 assists. Patty Mills just went in. Tony might be done. The Spurs lead 81-47 with 2:06 left in the third.
Tonight we play Desmond's Tavern in NYC!! If you are in the area ... Come out!
Thank you for the RT! :)
cocaine can't be THAT bad. I mean...they made a song about it.
Good morning... My stupid cat just knocked over my water thank god it didn't get on my phone! :)
That's awesome! I'm sure they got a lot of help from their awesome instructor.
I'm doing for me.
I just wanna sleep
Cleaning off my desk can be inspiring, like clearing the clutter from my mind.
Moore : Another challenge - 4) growing # of young people completely disconnected, need to get back on pathways
Just needed a couple of days to unwind. Found a sense of vigor and purpose. Ready to tackle the world again.
Get Rosie Thomas' record on
I can't stand it when my fingernail polish is chipped!
Three eleven year olds covering 311.
I want my funk uncut.
they don't have bacon although we love them ! BACON!! His license plate is Bacon!!!
That is awesome! We def gotta do it! lol
oh! u model? Whose ur agency.? Animal planet..? hahaha
i AM FEELiNG A L0T BETTER, THANKS B00. SEE Y0U T0NiGHT AT THE DiNNER
Actually sounds like a good reality show-old geezers returning to the scene of their original musical crimes...
on the wii?
"Age is?wisdom, if one has lived one's life properly."
"I speak for the trees," Happy Earth Day! #EllenRTme day167
Where all the divas matchs for raw? are you being cut out of the show for some reason u know of?
Stay tuned for the launch of our WunderMap layers. It will be awesome for your mashup
save some for lata!
Form label placement: Top-aligned labels are good for mobile and screen magnification.
Check out The Sentinel
hey Melo when you coming back. We need you we will be unstoppable when you return.
Happy Belated Birthday Jeremiah!
FINISHED MY OUTLINE!
Leading the industry helps. Regardless, by release time they already have next rev in dev.
good morning!!!!....how are u doing today girly;)????
Tasted the best BBQ catering today. Wedding planning is awesome.
Welcome to my newest upgraded member combring thanking you why inadvance
Wonder how many ppl have fallen when reading texts & running on a treadmill? Can't lie: almost bit it earlier #CloseCall #PlayedItOffNice ;)
Wizards Of Waverly Place is on<33333
I love my backpack! Backpacks are cool!
haha oh whateverr, & we need to talk? dm me.
#HERESTOALL He said I love you. I sneezed and said Sorry, I'm allergic to bullshit.
can "smack the ish" outta me, but he will NEVER take away my joy at seeing Beckham in undies. Thank you H&M. :-)
yeah i know what it means
haha! Thankfully much better (but way more expensive!)...Definitely need to catch up! When's the next #CVC event?
As we celebrate his 101st birthday, we must continue President Reagan’s legacy and strive to become that ‘shining city on the hill’.
I love waking up to find I have 85 new messages of twitter and facebook :L <3
Ya mon Me did Me liked it so
#RAW #Diva #KellyKelly is Hotter :-)
RT : Have a question for us? We're answering one question/wk, just use #fedqt in ur tweet
You know when you've gone for a girl who's abit too young when you've got to make the train noise to get your C&*k in her mouth
the VW Vadar spot has been all over ESPN deuce during the Illinois-NW game. Laugh every time I see it.
Responding to an author hesitant to ask an embarrassing but honest question about her manuscript, "It's OK-your editor is like your lawyer"
to bored right now cant wait to go home to my lil brother this weekend i miss him so much
#idol - Colton took a unique rock/soul approach. Not bad but could have been better.
Free ground shipping on all purchases over $100. Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 5330
"Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys." –PJ O'Rourke
Iannetta, Nix, Cabrera, Hart, Gonzalez. Have the Mets allowed the most walk-off HRs in the majors?
My French teacher is so retarded all she did was break dance in class :D
We're excited for the rolling game bus tonight! Lots of kids are signed up! Have a great weekend, everyone! :)
Thanks for the shout out! Come see us soon!
Stay warm at The Anchor Bar Tonight with $2 Tuesdays..
We'll be in tomorrow (Sun) morning. Today is shot.
your tweet made no sense to me...
Agreed! They definitely pulled off a solid, secure feel while maintaining a more tactile aesthetic. It's all kinds of lovely.
Netflixs? or HBO-GO?
yay!! yr lib and you deserve it!
Oh gosh! I think im just getting my appetite bck RT : you said that you are eating everything..
did u know she had a swingset??????
It's friday<U+E056> finally!!
still waiting on that millionaire so I can hire you!!! Maybe because I work nights and sleep days is my problem...
How do you win?
My plans to buy a Porsche Panamera by the end of the year..
That awkward moment when you see identical twins fighting and one of them calls the other ugly.
looking @ twitter on xbox live
Ran for the first time in a long time... feels so good. Now if I can just commit to some weights and yoga each night...
Absolutely dude. Are you?
Simply Bits LLC At Simply Bits, we realize that access to safe, reliable and fast Internet is crucial to the success of your business. As
SENIOR PRANK DAY!!!!!!
Yayy Its Friday Fridayy ... Finnally Its Here! And Summer Is Just In 8 Days!! Yeahh Buddy!!
Go Syracuse!!! gonna win the NCAA Tourney!
RT : It's National Teachers Day. What is the #1 lesson you remember learning from your favorite teacher?
Yessir. You know I'm not leaving anytime soon lol
calamari = wonderful
nice! Thanks for the info. Go get 'em.
What's everyone getting into tonight?
“We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience” – Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
That said, do most #museum floor staff have basic first aid training or know what to do in an emergency? Let me know about your site.
good move!
no pain no gain! You can do it!
MT At NYU for Middle School colloquium w/ , Chancellor Walcott & princ
I thought Chris lived in Vancouver, Wa.
I had to tell my nephew last night about his dog. He nearly passed out. I am the worst person in the world! my mother wanted me to get
i definitely wouldn't be ready
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANTHONY!!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>have a great one :) <333
So excited that my is back home I missed her! :D
so how you feeling right now? !*)
will be performing live in Fillmore Auditorium - Colorado Denver, CO on 1-19-2012. Buy your concert tickets from us at: 888-493-0004
you need to check out the amazing #petworth window art at Annie's Ace. Pronto.
Shout out to for successfully getting "Private Dancer" OUT of her head and INTO mine.
The Fly guys are doing there thing tonight!! Way to go!!
should return back to World Rally Championship
Zoe allday everyday
I am tuned into the #BlackBerry #DevCon live webcast happening now in San Francisco. It is the next best thing to being there.
Portlander is happy Obama is bringing home the troops, but pissed there will be more people to compete with for jobs.
RT : Since Tim Thomas skipped White House visit, Bruins are 9-11-1, and his save percentage down from .933 to .899
lmaoo i feel you -__- no hoes want the dick tonight so my lonely ass just sitting here tweeting my inner thoughts and shit
THANK YOU. i still watch that youtube vid on the regs.
Rainy morning. Stayed home to install and configure what will soon be the best mustache wax e-commerce site on the interwebz.
he has done pretty well.
I guess I shouldn't of said "pro" lol
Thanks Lorin, hope to see you soon...
What a play by Frank Clark!! Michigan ball at the Hokie 35!!
#NP OG Ron C & ASAP Rocky - LiveLovePurple... This shit is over kill C&S. Rock music already slowed n throwed. WTF
Coming up on 1000 tweets...very peculiar for someone who hardly speaks..
#Follow because she is hot and she just followed me!
Just 4 more people needed to reach 300 members! Log on to Facebook now and join,"The $1 Million Facebook Experiment." It's for charity.
Video #2 that's a wrap!!! We did it again....I hope and many others including
If I had it my way: you'd have fallen for me and I'd be happier.
ForeclosureMediationAssistant.com offers a complete self-management product. Complete with a "Personal Assistant" to help you stay on track.
We so hawt! Keep tweeting Christian. I did about 23534635 times and he finally followed me, then I had a heart-attack!
RT : Guerrilla Marketing is about low cost, high impact, creative marketing that generates a profit
thats good ! and yea same here. pretty good!
we love Dr. King so much we're OPEN today! regular hours come get some grub nom nomm nommm
RT Tonight's #NewGround2012 lineup: BUST & IN THE NEXT ROOM. Both start at 7:30 p.m. and will make you laugh!
for my demo I just need everyone to have Internet access for a take home quick assignment! Nothing in class will be necessary.
I gave john your bud light platinum tonight. Fail.
Idk why a whole bunch of people think I'm stuck up.. like seriously me?? Welp *kayne shrugs*
DID YOU VOTE YET??? Kris Bailey Austin City Council Place 3!
You can't change people, you can only change how YOU deal with them
I have a twitter I don't use and the bad thing is Justin Bieber follows me on it lolol.
Nah, just most of it. :) I didn't actually have a beer that early. I just let my dogs out and seriously thought about it!
Thanks! Classic style?
sfjazz collective's first gig is here at portland jazz fest tomorrow. rehearsal today was EXCITING! working on stevie wonder material.
Good morning, Sunshine....
RT : The Highlands Homes Printcast is about hyper-local real estate for one Denver neighorhood. And it includes sold ads. h ...
Yo, wish you guys were down here today.
thanks brother!
Newt is quoting Reagan's diary. Shocker.
He was a bold man that first eat an oyster,
Do you have any info about an Andriod 4.0 ICS update for Razr Maxx coming soon? Like today? Thanks.
Looking for this bumber sticker "If God's not a Broncos fan why are sunsets blue & orange." for you.It's on my car.
Looks like the weather has cleared up for us today. Get 2-4-1 Leinie pints till 4pm.
i am an incurable, and nothing else behaves like me
When you really matter to someone, that person will always make time for you. No excuses. No lies. No broken promises.
#IWannaBe the best golfer in the world!
I just said it b/c it rhymed.. But I still want it though.
me me me me me me me me me me
what happened? 0-5 really? Please we are not the Smh.
DONT MAKE ME LAUGH JERK IT HURTS SO GOOD!
Third String Productions(Houston) & Shadowplay Lounge is looking 4 ppl 2 join their street team! if U like going 2 free shows hit us up!
probably pretty easy to loose one of us when #CraftBeer is involved
oh nothing, they're giving out wristbands Wednesday and I was wondering if you worked Monday could you tell me if ppl were there
My birthday is on May 29th im turning 14, did you wanna tweet me something? Or dm lol
Are you guys doing anything for Minneapolis Pride?? I'd love to be a part of it!
I started singing #saysomething in math and i got yelled at): haha oh well it was worth it(: <WeMissAustin!>
There is a 300 pound black woman in my store wearing a shirt that she is spilling out of. Tattooed across her chest is "got milk" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
i followed you please follow me back
It's almost your first Friday in the new gig.... hope you're jamming!
"Captain Dick" LOL
Isabelle Mauny Joins WSO2 Leadership Team as Director of Product Management, Leads New WSO2 Madrid Office
What is the latest on you debating ?
I think I love you too
be happy
I got the louie duffle and a big bag of #PURP .
no reply on Berlin coffee. I have your list from last year somewhere, but interested in anything new for Mom's 1st Germany trip.
pearl street mall
One of the worst days in recent history for me. It is my own #fail day.
Back at to see and ! Maybe will join us next time to cheer on a former #packer?
good morning all and happy st pats
Giants breaking tackles, making NE look bad.
hell yeah man show me what you guys got
Guys are really gross.
I found me a big bag of carrots. <3
i'm bored tweet me
Break time, so excited for tomorrow. MOHAWK.
Tomorrow is patriots day, kids in Massachusetts have the day off.
"Social media is the new normal" - Brian Solis
: how about doing a text messaging promo with for loyal TV customers and offer great prizes too !!
We're going to miss you in Orlando
Where are you? Are you alive?
I know you tweet her, but Happy bday(: hope it's a great one<3
Skip Bayless was nominated for an Emmy? If he's so great how come he doesn't have a Nobel Peace Prize?
#PickupLiners Looking at tag on shirt collar..."Like I thought, made in heaven!"
I need to go visit nick today!! I miss him <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
At work and this weather is draining me :-/
You're right! The hour flew by and we learned a lot and will share in the SCV blog!
Awe my mom embarrassed this poor guy
How was everyone's weekend? Do anything out of the ordinary? Or maybe you came in and visited one of our stores to pick up some polish? :)
At a cubs game in the beautiful sunshine...praying the cubs can hold on... Up 2-1 in the fifth.
Help us out: How can Friends of #SOTG keep to our mission and build community around #SOTG without a festival to save?
that was one ugly win, #jayhawks, but i'll take it.
it cannot be that bad
I have a feeling I forgot to do something important ... I hate that feeling! <U+E408>
Happy Happy birthday 2 your son from us!!!
Poor Karen Cartwright :( RT Major casting announcement about a movie star and an Off Broadway play coming soon.
aw, sorry another kiddo is sick. But it was funny to read after ur story at church. & btw, thanks for the sermon. So good & needed!
yeah I know soo retarted. It's his manager and Royce's fault
The President & The Press: Obama analyzed by Martha Joynt Kumar, White House press observer on Midday noon
true that. “: It's a great day to Whip somebody Ass!!!! #justsayin”
What happened to Prince?? Oh. RT Rickie Weeks is only returning starter in infield for Brewers. Hope the changes work out.
Just spotted Link walking on the sidewalk... is it ComicCon? I think so. Harry potter and his crew are chillin outside as well :P
Thanks! Jer 29:11 is my favorite! Also, "Delight yourself in the Lord and he will give you the desires of your heart." Psalm 37:4
Haha. RT Bike ride along the river. Hope I don't have a heart attack.
And the good news just keeps coming. Made it to round two of 's Collegiate Correspondence program.
Hey! Happy Holidays and Cheers to a brighter New Year from all of us at the Friends of Lakeshore State Park! Travel safe.
Home Tip of the Day: Use unscented cleaning products when possible. This will reduce unnecessary pollutants in your home. via
222 days till Christmas!
I want to do something outside today! Who's in?
Politicians don't take us seriously. We must show examples of our success Nubians
RT : Love, peace & soul to the memory of Don Corners. So sad to hear of his passing.
WE AIN'T PARTYING ON 7 MILE 2DAY WE HAVING REVIVAL SO WEAR SUM CHURCH CLOTHES
"Things don't turn up in this world until somebody turns them up."--James A. Garfield (FBK, Williams College, 1864)
Nope. Ha
No question. “: will be good to see you at the final four #beenalongminute”
what y'all doing
I'm hoping they get to do Time Trotters now! I feel a little weird about the breakup of the whiskey sites tho.
Easter movie: Weird Science. Thinking this was a tribute to Jobs and Woz creating The Lisa.
NP "Look at her remix" my fave song
I'm just as excited as you are!! :)
Taylor swifts life must be depressin, she's makes a love song and its followed by an album of heartbreak.
first barton springs experience--glorious!
About to treat to some football chanting oh yeah!
sunday :/ nothing to do ....BLAH!!!
You can now find Rohrbach Scotch Ale on tap at Monroe's Restaurant & Bar, 3001 Monroe Ave. Rochester NY!
Although most NYU offices are closed this week, hall resource centers are open and staff are on duty & available to assist residents.
She was reluctant to talk to new people? Is this correct?
a wee bit bad?
I'm glad I can make you day :) haha that was pretty funny!
-dances under the light of the moon, holding my iPad2 when the hottie #FF appears on my screen- M, Must Licky Him!
Carroll Shelby will be greatly missed.
in the 1970s office building architecture makes me uncomfortable sense
: Ctfu I already know. RT : don't think we cool like that lol in still gon be right at ya neck
What would God have you treasure and ponder in your heart this Christmas? May your memories and moments be worthy to remember
I have NHO and ADM201 beginning of next week. So Thursday or Friday works with me.
Rinaldo & Voracek only have a combined six games of playoff experience.
RT : A database issue is causing a high error rate across all pages. We’re working quickly to restore performance.
Atlas Shrugged Pt.1 is on Netflix streaming! It's only a matter of time before i attempt that endurance test.
Best bagel in west Hollywood? La brea bagel co. All the way
Ask, and you shall receive!
ufck this, cutting my hair
Commercial break = another beer margarita.
“ Do what U feel in your heart to be right, for you'll be criticized anyway -Eleanor Roosevelt”
To change your life, just need to change.
<U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> Just me and you together
#News President Obama plans to announce a summer jobs plan
Reflection Question for Sunday Worship, "When you think of the word “family,” who is included? How can we expand the concept of family?"
Where did my 71S QuikTrip go?
Started playing tiger woods 13 this morning, anybody know how the hell to putt on that game??
Top serious discussion of red hots
Nice dude! 28 miles probably burned around 2000 calories for you on a less efficient bike. Also.. give your mom props for me!
Working out :)
I think about yelling at people and making them cry a lot.
i just wanna sleep :(
Every man is the architect of his own fortune.
I need to know what you workout goal is so I create a fitness program to cater to your needs and wants.
Aerobics class today was great but it hurt so BADD<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Thanks for sharing the #bangaloreboon love!
#GOPACKGO Today might be a good day for me to unfollow you.
Wondering Wat U Would Do If I Went Missing On Yo Ass
And thats when i said, We come from two different worlds, but there's only one us..That could make things easier.
holy shitttt OUAT. So crazy last scene omg
OH: "I want all the bugs to hatch and then die. Is that bad?" No, not at all.
raining on long island ;x I'm glad I don't have to be out in it today
candy is dandy
Legs and back ache so bad. No matter how I lay, I just cant get comfy. </3
have a good weekend friend!
Wow....mock a UFC fighter on Twitter and out come the 'have no lives' wolves! Seriously laughable
(cont) operate under the principle of negatively reinforcing anyone ever declaring cash there again. 3.5 hrs early @ airport = barely enough
Need a filmer!!
OVERHEARD JUST NOW: "Does he breathe fire?" -Kid "I don't think he's THAT type of lizard." -Mom (about Spike, our uromastyx)
Must... debut... new... mixes... tomorrow night
Thanks for the follow. Will take a look at your designs.
OK. Will Kobe rape again or does he respect money? 4 mil dollar ring because you anal raped a fat white girl is expensive.
Iowa! Make this stop. Please. RT Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) just requested some YouTube videos of late term abortions."
Christina just does not like this guy. Gotta say it makes her look petty.
I'm up at 3:45a, drive to train, rolling at 5:26a, arrive downtown 6:45a, start work at 7a.
VERY EXCITING! RT : on stage discussing expanding Horizon Project to more directly include #library community.
Looking over grad student final paper proposals and proud as any parent could be.
Sounds like a great problem to me!
Cannot function. But I have to go see the daddio soon
Class is Crazy fun tonight... oh wait no its not, not at all
And clicking Reply too fast too? ;)
: Brooklyn bound later today. LAX --> JFK.
Final Score G Road 72 Dream Vision 53.
#IfYouDontBecomeAFan Done and done!!
Pirata Burrito for #dinner... You know you're tempted!
This is beyond stressful
want to take your game to the next level? train with us at Velocity Sports Performance! 212-593-3278
Thank you so much. I will be getting Parallels. It looks a little more user friendly. Thank you so much!
I like the sound of this!!
Off to talk about Haydn quartets and Mozart quintets for three hours.
TONIGHT Drink smoke drink smoke smoke drink listen nod drink drink ignore smoke drink smoke drink drink home fuck? smoke sleep $5
#theweddingbeat My pleasure! Keep me posted. I can't wait to read it.
RT : trying to reach 100 Lens members by December. Donate today to help support investigative journalism in #nola. bit.ly/vi3yDD
is that good or bad for u
god lmao, what about you? :)
My former student Arno Ohlenbusch is playing at Carnegie Hall today! The concert is presented by Crescendo Festival!
Just saw #Hugo, and it's a nice, moralistic story about an orphan boy who has to make adults feel good about themselves to prove his worth.
More than a hundred proud students will be recognized for their award-winning artwork in The Scholastic Art Awards this morning !
I could really go for some chocolate ice cream and sprinkles from dairy queen <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
why are you up so early? i dont think the world is ready for you at this hour of the day :)
I got a fake ID and a checklist, it goes never meet a girl on Craigslist.
so I guess you're not working that hard on saving up for the $6000 waterproof laptop?
Thanks for sharing!
San Diego Law corruption is why
Thanks for all the feedback re Tech Entrepreneurs Week trailer
The person must be smart, simple, fair, courageous and kind. Only then, he has the right to wear a lofty title - Man.
Today is 's birthday....wanna follow her?
Love the birthday theme, a fun new challenge in the game. Not liking the ads in the shop, they obscure the back button.
Donated blood again:)
I LOVE that song!! I forgot about it. :) Have a blessed week, Kristen!
Checking on Pinterest for my upcoming class and my page is filled with pictures of food. What the hell is wrong with you people?
Really loving right now. u too?
Itz time for a new phone Arin
HAHAHA! I'm mean....
I love love love love love love love love love love love love love love liove love love love love love love love love love u
For whoever is lonely there is a tavern. - Georg Trakl
Living in a big truck for 3 weeks at a time is kind of like camping without the fun. At least we are together and making money.
you would send that photo.
after the beagle aquisition you were probably thinking "oh my, what have I done." any unchewed things left in the house? ;-)
Don't be sad Boo Boo - this is your year!!!!!!
"Things do not change. We change." ~Henry David Thoreau
Thank you to for hosting our benefit night for last night! The Pizza of the Gods (w/ red onion)? Sublime.
There's no proving you wrong when you're right.
Next on Las Olas is Roccos Tacos “You haven’t had Rocco’s until you had our famous Guacamole with chips, it’s that addictive!”
Let you account receivables work for allowing you to grow your business and focus revenue where needed through Factoring you AR invoices.
Bitch get over urself why u gay if u not going to be comfortable wit it? Oh u must think its wrong too huh lol
STOP CLICKING THE URL!
Hey Edelman Chicago, from everyone at Elton Designs & Elton Digital, have a fun time at your holiday party!
I just noticed that I can't spell.
I'd like to thank Yahoo's auto-drafter for picking Josh Hamilton for me back in March.
Get da $$$ bro...black white hispan u name it..usa land of opportunity....
apt complex news:security gate broken/pool resembles mtn dew/someone knocked on our door attempting to sell red bulls from a shopping cart
God is still amazing!
Ill just keep going and going until I blackout.
Rocky Balboa first stepped into the silver screen ring in 1976. What's your favorite movie in the anthology?
I can't believe you guys are leaving!
I love you Matt!
busy, busy weekend....but so excited to see my brother!
I got doin my new soundclick page. It's gon be crazy! They Go In! Stay tuned!
Write down what you want in a life, and then go get it. It is that simple.
“: yes but I went for the no run...” // You do what you can and some days, it's nada ;)
what about the super low budget folks who are shooting on location without a generator?
#OhYouKnow.. Just working on my wifey skills, making snickerdoodle cookies :)
I'm pretty sure if she gets away, mama ain't catching her.
In Alt-academy, I appreciate the point/counterpt of 's "architect" and "scholar-programmer." (I'm an architect)
wow that's fantastic!
i'm looking forward to some camping/bonfires/s'mores this summer.
Do you think the #spurs needed this adversity, or does this just suck?
Just saw Zebra at Acura Stage play some killer Led Zep to end their set. Next up the Beach Boys.
i am going to see in #cleveland in July
We're normally not open Tuesdays, but tomorrow we're making a special exception for our #Titanic exhibition!
I think we've over saturated the "market" between April and now. We've played in Milwaukee many many times.
Late Night Munchies ^^^
lies lies lies! Lol I told you not to accept drinks from random people!
Like comedy? & will appear on our 50th episode this Friday!
Okay so I am new to this twitter thing. Seems fun so far but not sure what I am doing.
Sorry Humber's perfect game was against your
Mayweather's domestic violence not challenged in HBO interview. Dyson is wrong 4 failing to challenge him or HBO is wrong 4 excluding it
enjoy the rest of your hols! X
I can today in the afternoon wenever
had a TON of fun at Warehouse 8B tonight! Fight For First killed it, totally missed those guys!
OMG girl you crack me UP! RT What u need some gum..bref like some thunda
I always knew you were meant to be a teacher. RT just the tip... #inappropriate (this is your first lesson in #s)
Spectacular?... as in utter dismal pathetic failure? Hey, every trip to the plate is not a home run.
Tigers on Young "We are aware of the situation, however it is our club policy not to comment on pending legal matters."
Facebook targeting IPO 5/17, our anniversary (32). Coincidence? #totallyirrelevant! But we did file for our IPO on my 50th BD.
It's so hard to say goodbye to yesterday...
You OK?
Sleeping With the Enemy is on. There goes my afternoon.
You can stream it on Spin's website. I've been listening all week. It's incredible. :)
if they had a free monster machine @ work, it would trump tha java, but sometimes I'm only as good as my free options
to be continued come march hopefully. you will be missed on the cruise
My mother doesnt trust me no more
"Year" is a vestigial mode of time measurement based on solar cycles. It's not applicable...
When the Japanese mend broken objects they aggrandize the damage by filling the cracks with gold, because they believe that when
Dozing off Christmas brunch while awaiting my flight back to DC. Airport is sadly devoid of holiday cheer.
A boy makes a mistake, Girl scolds him, Boy says "Sorry".. Next time girl makes a mistake, boy scolds her, Girl cries.. Boy says "Sorry" :P
I see that. Ha!
Watching Asians Aloud on HBO- loving the diversity
One of these days I will actually make an effort to memorize the CMYK #'s for my logo.
I can listen to Aaliyah all day
When are the Disneyland dates again?
I don't always agree with you but excellent call on the McGillivray fight last night. Jackson should have stopped it.
When my mom makes me fried chicken>>>>
thanks for the follow!
Departures threaten to close Baker & McKenzie in San Diego. Mintz Levin gets two IP attys and tax atty. Full story online at DJ now.
Eric Draven Jesus Christ Stop me if you heard this one Jesus Christ walks into a hotel. He hands the innkeeper three nails, and
Suck it up kid. Get out there and earn. Help out society. The world is a bad place? Become a doctor and cure some people.
will you be better by Saturday at ?? Lol :)
filed DMCA, but the instructions say must file 4 each post. There are 400ish of mine on this one site. Thx 4 the tweet.
Near LAX in Los Angeles
I really love One Direction!
Charleston based Dave Baker is Columbia bound today for the Dr. Oz show!
awww it's not like they meant anything. When do they ever? Oh and thanks for thinking I go home with strange men lol. Rude!
How can I manage to flirt and be completely and utterly annoyed and a little sad all at the same time
Looking for a SQL Server DBA for opportunity in Austin, TX. Must be US Citizen.
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power. -Tao Te Ching
Someone bring me some food to the editing lab, I'm starving!
I don't nag or none of that unnecessary shit.
Thanks for the tweet mention. All for His glory!
Tired of the bs. Like foreal
Listen To Birdman And Mack Maine And Lil Boosie Song The Fam.M.P.
Did you take some Dramamine??
Thursday's humming along! #Chiropractic at www.3cpdx.com is where it's at! Here's to your #health, #Portland!
yeeeaah I've been doing paper applications rather then going online
No offense to Buble fans, but listening to the guy cover the likes of Frank and Bing is like going to 5 Guys and eating a soy burger.
gosh i love this shitt
Hmm..he was about a 7, but got upgraded to a 9 when he carried the bike up the stairs with one hand and no effort.
Never buy used lol want new...to much more can go wrong
why can't monkey's talk yet? it's like evolution isn't even real.
follow us because our tees are awesome and our competitors don't even like puppies. Imagine that...
haha tell that to my mom
where are you? :(
Please pray for marriages to be healed, and the sanctity of marriage protected...
"On my mind" by on my headphones.
You mean the group experiment? I don't remember a paper. We just worked on the project the whole time.
ORCID goals: Phase 1: Get IDs registered and in-use for current comm. of researchers. Phase 2: services around disambiguation.
that's pretty cool. Congrats Kyle
i will never love anyone
benefits and drawbacks of backchannels at
First day of summer! Did everyone have a awesome Sunday!!! Sunny Days Ahead!!!
Theres always that person that brings everybody down
ahaha. Okay i will (,x
RT : Former brewer launches in San Francisco, focusing 100% on barrel-aged sour
Moving back to UT in 2 days w/ quite a bit more packing left... plus 2 projects and 6 disc posts to do...
How can I find out more about research engr positions at Harvard?
NY is going to win Game 3 and they're winning 4-7 with Jeremy Lin the savior. Booking it
Doing the garden, digging the weeds. Who could ask for more?
No problem 3>>> RT : Thanks! xo
do you guys really not know what #ramen is? ~~~~rich
same. We only have to say what was on the blue sheet, right? Like, as a group?
not letting me for some reason but will do when it lets me :)
and where's the picture of that Mr. urban paparazzi?
send me ur #
Go Panthers!
Great show at Mountain Jam. Impressed.
B. Rabbit spits!! RT : Eminem's final battle sequence in '8 Mile' is about to come on.
ya, but got no ideas for LOI!
#Indy #vegetarians: What are your favorite places for dinner in the downtown area?
RT : I do however read the Kathy Reichs books Bones was based on./ You are always so far ahead of me.
this is calling our names RT : We have the and heat lamps outside! What more do you want?!
“ “ Oh shit its the cops! Everybody look as white as you can!........NIGGA HIDE THE FUCKING CHICKEN!””
Hoping to hear next week about which CA school-based health centers will receive the HRSA construction grants. Stay tuned for more details.
That's awesome!
Since the Bobcats will become the worst team in history, do the Raptors become the worst team this year? They lost to the Bobcats TWICE!!!
ABOUT TO REIGN OVER THIS MEDIEVAL ART HISTORY EXAM........get it ?
I hope they have more exciting fighters on the show this season.
Day isn't complete until you ruin a new white tee.
Watch at 5 & 6pm for more info on donating & collecting donations for Officer Frank Vrtoshnick & his family
and 46% more likely to be exposed to chinstrap line beards
Like Javascript and great people? Be a TA my good friend for his #javascript class with tonight. Reply if interested
Thank you Erin. Yes - stopped by this week for dinner - always outstanding. They have a BBQ Saturday 4/28.
Oh Annie :) That's why I'll never unfollow you.
OOH NATHAN YOUR NEW PICTURE YOU'RE SO HANDSOME
Sure thing - keep me posted if it works out. Would love to read the article!
Happy Mothers Day!! To all you Moms out there. Us guys would be lost without you. Thank You.
I appreciate focus on listening.
that is a HUGE accomplishment in my books. Thank you.
Oh yeah!!! My boys ring chasing! Another one bites the dust...lol.
shit I don't think the no cruising can happen especially if you know me.
Can't wait to move, get my dog, and start being a real academic. lol
Wouldn't be continuing issue if Hamels wasn't dense enough to, one, do it and, two, brag about it.
niggas is dumb as hell
it's not lebron tho we need that raptor back he actually puts in work
Congrats Grammy Tammy :) Absolutely adorable!!!
Why am I still up?! Oh yeah because I can sleep in class since we never do anything anymore.
Chose a delicate soft stone because it is pretty? ignore its function? You will be disappointed sooner rather than later.
just followed back :D
hoping dale jr will win
Goodnight to Japan have a nice day to US
Now I predict the finale three. #Arsenio #Clay and
i smile... because i have no idea whats going on.
slept?! I didn't even know! what's wrong with me? (don't answer that)
I'm such a computer GeEk!
Lmfao! Who you talking about?
Olive garden with my mom
o....totally gonna use that on #wordswithfriends ; )
Why is every salesclerk at Lord and Taylor 130 years old??
hi john! You're hot.
RT “: Junior# QA #Tester -Charlotte, NC: immediately. Testing #mobile functionalities with HP QC experience. #job DM 4 details
Awesome. Wishing you gentle winds this weekend at the balloon race. Good luck!
Ugh sick :(
Meeting with new photographer this evening to discuss headshots, etc.
A sweet comment from a stranger started off a fantastic day!! I need to step out of my comfort zone more and do the same.
where have you gone?!?
idk man... i just love Josh Hutcherson
Chillin at the QHT. It's the new swell.
rocked the halftime!! Fergie and Slash was f'ing awesome!!
i love u JB...can u follow me plz???
Your designs are dope!
hey..nothen much...how u been?
MongoDB or MYSQL? Having a hard time making the decision....
Thanks to the Univ. of Texas Regents for approving $25 million a year towards a medical school. Very exciting news!
I keep fuckin up I feel like typing
yes. it'll still upgrade the team.
Kelly Ayotte: A guide to the dark-horse VP contender
S/O to all my new followers today! Love you all!
Landon reminds of this boy... <3 A Walk to Remember.
Sitting in a room with 3 humidifiers. Who am I, Mariah Carey? No, but I do have a lingerie closet.
It must suck to "text black" and have spell check ,, right?
s/o 2oo we don't follow eachother, but goodnight & sweet dreams :))
Students are on the Quad writing letters to Illinois state legislators to ensure the future quality of a U of I education!
hasher's annual red dress run.
Q. What do you have when you get 32 Michigan fans together? A. A full set of teeth. [RT if you agree]
“: Real fans know how Katniss really got the Mockingjay Pin. #BookToMovieProblems #HungerGamesProblems”
Why. Why do I ever listen to sports radio. Why. Somebody buy me an ipod please. David Ortiz doesn't care about winning? Jesus Christ.
I want to do my family tree this summer. Maternal grandmother is fr Trinidad, g8t grandmother fr Panama & everyone else is fr Barbados.
haha well he didn't move there on purpose it s a ghetto prep table, kinda efffed up.
Let's chat about getting you on our show some time
ha! Wow:P
won't happen in the playoffs though
"Tradition" doesn't mean "correct." How many "traditions" were wrong? Interracial marriage?! Slavery?!
that's a good idea - you're inbox must be crazy right about now!
OK, seriously? That makes me so sad. Feeling surrounded. Truly.
Steelers fans everywhere in Cleveland today... And I forgot my fly swatter...
There’s nothing more pleasurable compared to a tiny social gathering out on the particular deck on a nice morning
Answers: accessibility&access, welcoming &safe spaces
it is wht it is.
Sony needs a sign at their company that says instead of "Days without an accident: 0", have: "Weeks without being hacked. 0".
Frustrations boiling over for players. Pavel Pardo and Sebastian Grazzini both especially remonstrative with Dominic Oduro.
back to this power point...
has FOUR things to get done today.
exactly what BC said
BATTLE OF THE EXES: Will miss you Rachel/Aneesa!
Thanks to both of you for the compliments! And for reading!
what is the degree of significance of data channel metrics? #SPARC_Binfield Need more research.
And if u stick to Cap Hill, u get $1 off drinx @ the Eagle if you take your shirt off indoors
Where's team heat at now ?
I dont regret my past, I just regret the time I've wasted on the wrong people
may I just say,... that was a very sexy check by Giroux...
hey I haven't talked to you in like 2 years do you remember me?
You can't call it freedom if everyone does not have it
I wish I could get to inbox zero.
Lol I'm always up this earlier it really doesn't bother me at all :)
I am Jennifer Lopez and Nene is Marc Anthony.
that'll make you easy to spot!
i wish i lived in 1950
Hm, I don't hear/see anything.... That's what I thought.
Dnt let me stop now show let me be in da show too haha:-)
Electric Cab is now hiring, we're 100% legit now, inquire for details!!!
read some books
b'scuse me?
“: typical” heard that
I saw that online and thought it was fake! Disgusting.
Tony #14 is going to toast the town in Richmond tonight. #NASCAR #RVA Great night
Marvins Room by Drake
feeling like Andrew Helton
Omg, what did your teacher say when you were going gta-ing?? LMFAO.
Here is the clip from 3:06
The Experiment is about tohit..
Don't waste your time on a man/woman, who isn‘t willing to waste their time on you.
I love it. It's like a personalized news and update feed. I rarely look at Facebook these days.
RT : Syracuse University said its 3.6% tuition increase for 2012-13 school year will make cost of attendance $55,600.
living for myself and nobody else
Thanks for the response! Can't wait!
This cracks me up. RT is a legend of a man! Love drinking in nyc with him!
Watching a video in class = texting and looking at twitter because im bored
not really worth it..
I got the priorities all right today : ) Granola breakfast, 2500 yard swim.
We believe children are the future. But we also believe in UFOs
lmfaooo RT : nah Fam with the right filters Instagram can cure AIDS.
lol I know right
post the shirt.
“: that is entirely a hoax.” Of course! But a fella can dream :)
Living Together Before Marriage: Is It For You? [EXPERT]
Surprised to see MRC text message smoking cessation trial included vehicle crashes as a secondary outcome. Smart.
10, damn where you been?
depends on what you are hoping to accomplish!
I feel for JeJo, Brendan and Rachel will be making out all night GA-ROSE!!
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #fakeaccount because...they don't have people like working for them.
your s>o>l
Busquets doesn't get hacked. Just dive. & no 1 team/style has trademark on "beautiful game." Hate Barca 4 such arrogance
Doesn't that cartoon need some thieves in the background of the Explorer browser? :-)
Would LOVE to, but it is way too expensive for us! We're nonprofit! Le sigh.
I need a miracle or a huge break!!! Bring it!!!!!!
Evans deserved to win the dunk contest w/ the double, but we need the stars back. Lebron v Kobe v Igou v Blake . . .
FOLLOW ME
Getting ready for tonights call with Cjbart .
If your looking to bless others you will find joy and continually receive blessings.
good! super busy, lots of <333 coming soon!
Physically exhausted from this trip! It was a true test of metal endurance to make it fun none-the-less!
my friends say that you don't know I exist so I think you should tweet me to prove them wrong
"I'll let you be lieutenant if you let me be captain"<- love this song
love you <333
I'm in class voting for yuu, if I get caught its still worth it<3 Follow?<3
Annoying part about bartending: customers ordering complicated drinks during rush hour.
what up Dee?!!
thanks for the RT, you rock!!
Count on Lunatik losing our Karma Vcard here on KarmaSwap. Got your direct e-mail,can u send more info?
have a nice weekend!
ok. maybe i&#39;m just one of those sick and twisted people who gets off on making other people happy? impossible huh? take care
I am so fucking pissed right now. NO ONE HAS THE RIGHT TO CALL MY GIRLS UGLY. I hope this guy rots in hell.
Achieve your best body ever with Hollywood Ellite Trainer Max "The Body"
Thanks to for the invite, we will be at booth 4571 WIN A 10.1" ANDROID TABLET and FREE 3 months of Service.
ugh! You and ... I don't believe it!
Thanks for the RT, Hope you have enjoyed these memory games
If not, you should come visit us! RT : oh good..u ever been to street food asia
goodnight. And sweet dreams. (:
I will try not to disappoint, my friend!
switch to goats... works better...
Let's just say that when I read your tweet out-loud, I could hear myself talking.
now VIP are sold out too! :'( Thank you so much. I was dying. I'll be depressed for the rest of my life till I get the ticket
your welcome!
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live. -Marcus Aurelius
Jesus can walk on water. Humans are 70% water. I can walk on humans. Therefore, I am 70% Jesus.
much like old people swearing, photos of toddlers smoking and drinking crack me up. Oh and nuns smoking. Nuns smoking = hilarity.
lol I knew all visual stories would be a mistake!
Misunderstood doesn't have to be explained
Schmooze is less than a week away! Come join us Tues. 10/12 at The Benson Hotel from 5:30-8:30 pm,hit the link for more www.schmoozepdx.com
#Patriots & #Giants fans, we still have #rooms available from Jan 27-Feb 1 if you're coming to Indy early.
Next up: studying for jazz history midterm.
yeah, set myself up for that one. =)
LOL! RT You know you're getting fat when you sit in your bathtub and the water in the toilet rises.”
Permanent headache :(
love it when celebs actually respond to you! :) I'll never forget when actually answered me :)
Had an amazing experience at :) Bittersweet it's over!
Wish I was on Foxwoods still & not home
It's been quite the blustery off again/on again rainy day!
D'oh! I forgot to hashtag! Now no one will see it "Awww Man!" haha! :)
my brother uses that one all the time.
Nothing could look less genuinely interesting to me than Diablo 3. It's a gamer's game, isn't it? Blegh.
Are you or someone you love at risk of suicide? Pls call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline 1 800 273 TALK. We love you!
Captain Petey steering the ship though the fog of post-labor day. Candles, Beer, WIne, .35 cent wings & the Brewers. UmUm good
Sounds like you need to find a different teacher - someone encouraging. :-)
Try adding plyometric drills to your strength training routine to give your body a shock between sets.
Right there with you!
So happy to be waiting for someone to let me in my house. The waiting is the hardest part. Just shoot me already.
I'm good ! just got home from workin @ Lima night club! how was ur 4th?
Put me in the studio as ur singer while u rap and i bet we make a hit # im just that good <3
Today's BTU inspiration: "We can live without meditation. We cannot live without human affection." ~Dalai Lama
's twitter avi >
It made Samantha grimace when she felt it!
Home game against Portland not until oct. 7
Selenators Love Jazzy
Picked up some yoga too. SUPER SORE!
Ah, much like food, drink, life, love and sex. ;)
Helping independent publishers market and produce books
Is the argument against hosting academic (e.g. class) blogs internally still hold water? Is a class blog on an open WordPress a bad idea?
Is Angry Birds educational for children because it teaches physics?
POSTPONED: Rock to Rebuild #Haiti benefit moved to March b/c of weather. Stay tuned or check our website for more info: baltimoreacts.org
Looks like there will be scattered rain at lunch, not a washout. RT : Will it be rainy at Lunch?
#ToddlersAndTiaras must be pulled off #TV. This show is everything that's wrong with #society. I'm calling
Welcome back Jenny! It was great to see you in Solea Por Buleria today!
Yes, please do keep us posted! :)
is there such a thing as a prescription dildo?
I'm glad I could finally comply, took long enough didn't it? Haha law school does that I think.
I hate school. -.-
Near Charleston SC for the weekend? now open;has interactive touchscreen in sales office illustrating the community, floorplans!
Sure im available!RT : Need referral for a female photographer in Sacramento who can do biz Headshot THIS week
that's hilarious. "Feel bad everyday," sung by Nate Dogg.
bad luck losing on same day Northwestern wins, eh?
At , preparing to hear present on networks of modernist writing and world government.
This welcome back athletic celebration is so fun
I can't even imagine how exciting living in London must be!
:) #happiness. nice to have met you at #PowWow11. Will you be at next years?
#AskBrody are all your bower rangers invited to your graduation party? And do we all get a senior picture? :D
I'd make it just to see that no one else does... But I probably won't use it.
Missing Persons - Tears
No contest! hands down!!!
It felt great to know that when you texted me first.. I crossed your mind. Even if it was just for a second.
Really though?? Look where you are then look where they are ? I could understand if you said that about Lil B but not them.
naps are essential!
My 54 year old neighbor cooks steak-ums to the point that the hallway is smokey and smelly
What's the difference between Cinco De Mayo and St Patrick's Day? .....everyone wishes they were Irish on St Patrick's Day!
Thankful for both of my critiques being later in the day so I can get the work for them done now... ha.
awww hope u feel better soon :(
Note to self: Remove keys from purse BEFORE walking to the car in the rain.
Love your Blog have you ever thought about adding 90 day challenges to it?
never sell yourself short because of things you've been through;U could be playing key role in someone's life as U inspire them w/your story
Serena, Isner shine on clay as 'Nadal season' begins The clay-court season began last week and the result was big wins for Serena William
you too thank you!
had an all over the head pressure headache for like 5 days neuro said drink caffeine gave me vicod
The first.
as i can c in ur pics would love to so bad
... we're worried that sensitive browser data might be cached remotely, like caches, cookies, passwords, etc.
Thanks, Sol!
No Oscars for you?!?
just bombed a french quiz...
With no dog to slobber all over home ain't the same
Tell all your moms I said happy day tomorrow.
Looking forward to staff retreat today
I love girl scout cookies but I already got hit up several times at work and will have some serious dates with the gym now;)
I have to admit, today was a good day. :)
Aladdin's Castle! MT “: We had arcades and if you were good at a game you could play all day for a quarter... #talkwithmykids”
Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock. ~ John Barrymore
I use more gas trying to find a parking spot at Mizzou, than I do actually driving to campus
: Hmm. Hello, are you aspiring or professional?
hey u i need to talk with u >:I
"Hold on to that game ball..." *chunks ball into the Lakers crowd seconds later*
"Grimm" has taught me that all my town's criminals are anthropomorphic snakes, beavers, rats and canines.
i love hearing #ADELE sing "never mind i'll find someone like you"
the cab driver is telling me how i should instruct cab drivers to get to my house, really?
So excited to be headed to Houston for 3 days #ha!!!!!!
On my way to the boot
Thanks! Though I'm guessing the release is going to open up a lot of dead ends for me and I'll end up subscribing anyway.
B-day is so close yaya
#Cavaliers take Kyrie Irving (Duke) for the 1st pick of the 2011 Draft.
Don't miss ur last chance to come to Love Life Rehab Sunday!
Having rough morning. Spilling coffee computer not working, got lost... Workshp "Finding the Right Balance" very good though.
I don't even know what "the avengers" is. No that doesn't make me cool, but if you're offended by that it could mean you're not cool.
And this is not new. Bloomberg has done it.
Last week of my Bus 330 class. Yay!!!!!
Looks like we made it. We're now at 404 followers and counting. Auction tonight is going to be barn burner with 412 items available to bid
bro beans...is the gayest term i've ever heard
Love it! #GoDucks kickin' #Stanford butt
Great site!!
They're following kids who are wandering around downtown and trying to make them go west. Listening on scanner.
Holy hotness! Kevin Costner circa 1987 in "No Way Out." #NowPlaying on HBOSG
Thank you for the RT of a stellar story.
The #libjobhunt webinar files are loaded, and we're starting in 15 minutes.
VCs Muscle Back Into Startup Funding - Some Call It a Bubble
So far Bruno Mars delivered the most impressive performance. Adele doesn't suck either.
my mom told me to take my dog in the back and i had no will to get up then my dad was out there and we didnt even look at eachother
Are you that intimidated? RT : I hope the Spurs building collapses and they have to forfeit
Loving the Gideon Sundback Google Doodle...reminds me of the Rolling Stones album cover for "Sticky Fingers".
IF U SAW IT....WOULD YOU GRAB IT ?????? success
the miserable, commie, may he rest in peace...
OH: This is Portland. the answer is "yes".
thats how I'm gunna start my next date, I'll let you know how that goes #wishmeluck!
If ur not too busy on this good day go out and pick #MONEYTRAIN From any DTLR AL ABROAD
Lol oh wow
Green bay just settled with school board. Health benefits preserved, but most other contact terms suspended
Oh yeah, when my uncle Magdi (Ahmed) lived briefly in the states with Mohammed (Kokie), his classmates called him Cookie.
another delay. #typical. I've started planning my flights around a guaranteed delay.
. is one great trainer. PA staffers have a new adobe crush...
: you only love me for my flashing toothbrush ha
MO didn't want Oprah helping her with her obesity program because she didn't want a fat woman waddling around the WH with her.Nowthat'sfunny
Fabulous Design Tip: The color red creates a feeling of warmth and energy in your home.
listening to some FreqNasty to start the morning... well, electronic music in general. Dang, I should be a DJ. hahaha
indeed.. feel free to browse www.peoplewithcriminalrecords.com and share ideas
Off to church :D praise God!
On The Road I Can Think If 10000 Things I'd Rather Be Doing Then This.
It's thunderstorming, I'm listening to Billy Joel, reading poetry by Bob Dylan and drinking tea. This moment can stay, I won't be mad.
glad to see you back in NOLA!
thank you so much for watching my rap!!
Evidence of an unknown Mayan society is eplored tonight on "Quest for the Lost Maya". On MPTV 10 at 9PM.
Brazil just couldnt muster anything against the swarming Scotland defense. dominates in a 33-5 win.
#show per check out the miami interview on the Pacific Records of Saint Kitt is where this venture is
We always take you with us!!! Keep adding to the certificate pool!! Big fans!!
No, I just made the one error! :-)
V necks
Yes! How does wednesday work for you two?
Come and get it Hyde Park!! Mama is parked at 57th and Ellis in front of The Reg!
Just came in from a jaunt out to the park. I was fine, just my thighs were cold. Everyone else was complaining!
RT : RT : Thurow " To reduce food aid programs we need Feed The Future to eliminate NEED for food aid.
Hella wishin for strawberry French toast!
It's not the same!</3 :'c
Chilling full off that alfredo!
Tomorrow I'm devising w 13-20 yr olds on the topic of sex, gender& privlidge.Remit: Heath&access. These NYC youth are fierce!
Drake concert tonight at UM.. Who's going?
i felt like this was 100% directed towards me, being a SxE jew haha
Come on Bulls take a lead!
what a difference a few hundred miles makes! It's hailing and so cold in Seattle...so much for Spring in the NW! ;)
God will keep you in perfect peace when your mind is on the lord. (Isaiah 26:3)
#ItsAwkwardWhen you're the most powerful wizard in the world & a one year old baby beats you. Yes, you, Voldemort.
Make the necessary changes to improve your life. Hint: health & family first.
Ohh... Sorry I'm a little out of it today.... And your welcome!! :)
did Matt have a twitcam today???
You're welcome! :)
Sorry, correction, still breaking the top 20, Anne finished in 16th.
#nf follow him he follows back
Best day ever, I bet sleeps good tonight,
You are not in this world to live up to other people’s expectations, nor should you feel the world must live up to yours.
I just want someone to save me when I fall.
U Have Too Make Ur Dreams Reality <U+2665>
Are you going to be wearing pink at the event? Keep your eye out for Mike, CRAVE's Marketing Manager in his beautiful pink tie!
" Zonka ya dead man?". "Going somewhere meat? Yeah about 90 feet!"
Thx for tweeting abt Eric Dompierre & his family's fight for age waivers for athletes w disabilities! LetEmPlay.us
Even on my weakest days, I get a little bit stronger
Thanks and best wishes for a great weekend!
Hey Santa, how much for your list of naughty girls?
how fun! Can't wait to watch!
« Bulls are better w/o Rose, than the Knicks fully healthy»
Me:*points to a pic of me and *we look soo happy! Alyssa:and in in the background all pregnant and stuff.
I think the raccoon one might be my fave
I read the obessed article and It was a great truth so some sisters and safe some money.
Reading EAGLE MINDS: Rochberg-Anhalt letters;2 versions of modernity meet in the middle; spoke to Gene Roch. @ 93! A marvel to us all!
Up In Da A.m Getting Ready Fa Skool.,! Ugh Ion Even Want 2 Go
aight tell me when u do and ill get mine
mostly for office Christmas parties
bahaha. Oh I get it.
For all our Bostonian friends: Happy 100th birthday redline. Celebrate properly mbta.
Today's gift card winner is SARAH JORDAN. Congratulations!
is the festival still happening tomarrow?
"Try not to become a man of success but a man of value." -Albert Einstein
RT : What solutions are you using for multi site production team intercom? I'm looking for some options.
#nsta12 two good sessions so far, drilling through to the common core and computational thinking from google
Why are you awake? You miss me?
#roxas is cool. he's just my type x)
I hear you!
you have to make a featuring with justin bieber
I love it when people accidentally find my blog searching for "vdub$ thing deutschland." Happens more than you'd think.
Choose your own adventure sex book. I need to write this.
Support independent artists! You will like what you see!
Keep an eye out for for us on your campus as we hand out free magnets and carabiners with our fliers!
but you've been singing this all week . . ..WHY
My early to bed dealies must STOP ... here I am up at 2.49 AM ... OY!
"Democrats do much of their shopping at Target and Wal-Mart. So do Republicans, but they don't admit it."
Judge sets bail at $150K for George Zimmerman, who is charged in Trayvon Martin's death. Zimmerman apologizes to family for loss of son
Don't make permanent decisions based off of temporary emotions.
Why did Obama have to announce how proud he is that he & Michelle have the same-sex every night during their marriage?
Thanks for the shout out Loren.
yes, or walk really, really fast :-)
we'll only marry you if we can turn it into a big polygamous fest between the 5 of us and
All We Ever Wanted Was Everything
lmao she was apparently bombed
RT : Baker Technical service partner in Startup Spotlight! 22-year-old entrepreneur kickstarts ServedBy the Net:...
Omg your hair. It's super duper curly. I like it!<3 (:
text me Evelyn ;) that's the only thing I miss about Bbm!
gotta love SNL in those days.
Mi friend got lotion that smell like Kool-Aid
anyways how are you??
Anyone else find the re-caps, outro/intro + the "deals" on #Obscura pointless? You could watch an episode in 10min w/o the nonsense.
That was one of 'the' best videos i've ever seen, no joke.
I really hope Facebook don't become like MySpace
Today University Hospital will also present the DAISY Award for Nursing. Stay tuned for our announcement of the winner!
next week we will trend!
Persistence in one way is not a guarantee of victory. But, persistence blended with experimentation does guarantee
“Always be kind, for everybody is fighting a hard battle.” – Plato
Great ideas need landing gear as well as wings. -C. D. Jackson
Just getting to it now. This week's #TheGoodWife proves 's argument about the show brilliantly.
The second day of Children of Inmates Symposium starting. Speakers: FL's secretaries of DOC and DCF.
one day he will follow you.. and hopefully me.. We just gotta be patience.. which is so hard.
I wish some certain bitch would go back to middle school because clearly she has the maturity of a 6th grader..
if you love me you'll feed me a burrito!
It's so cold in my bedroom!
thank you <3 :)
U know I just now relized who you are lol.
long/soft/slow kisses >
Don't watch THE HUNGER GAMES with me, because I'll just be constantly comparing it to BATTLE ROYALE - which I'm sure is better.
Stat: 50% of Biz pros were "Greatly dissatisfied" with Blackberry outage. 50% were "Extremely thankful" to be untethered for a day.
Wen it all falls down its gone always be blood over water
BRUINS WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS TO ME?!?!?!
You fall asleep during foreplay.
RT : Ugh! Anyone with experience troubleshooting podcast download issues in China? Need a network engineer to look at
Such a great night! So many great memories and private jokes made! Oh and hot box pizza was pretty awesome too!
Tomorrow night Cardinals vs. Steelers at 5:00pm. Enjoy Happy Hour while watching the game. Draft beers $1.00 off, Well drinks $1.00 off.
Up early for work,...
YAY I Finally got 's new album #RomanReloaded Deluxe Edition. I Love And Can't Stop Listening To It. #ILOVENICKIMINAJ :D
#Imagine You lay in Niall's arms on the couch and you keep poking his cheek. Niall:''Babe, stop it.'' He says while he's laughing.
Congrats to Robert Richardson ASC, who received the award for the best #cinematography for 'Hugo'. Back light is not dead!
Lindy Fix 8-10 tonight at the Polish Cadet's Hall. Collegiate Shag lesson by Sam and Sylbie with DJ Sam!
RT : Great event please let's not let this be the last!! Young, entrepreneurs and professionals need this!
sounds lovely! :)
The #Boston #Job market right now is filled with great opportunities. Please reach out before I make my choice. via
Thank you for sharing Sergio Bukini's photo, cheers!
haha nvm clicked the wrong tweet my bad!
The Google Glasses will work nowhere near as well as the video shows.
They say "look I'm green." IMO one of the big reasons for the success of the strange looking Prius. They don't all have the sticker
it was good seein you too girl, thank you once again & glad all is well!
To buy or not to buy? Son's Purim costume *could* involve an accessory I can't even bring myself to name. (gun, cough.) Arg.
Like this status to wish the snow away for the opening of our season (May 1)!
can't wait to hear Tony's be cd
ok. I like cock.
Thank you!
Lala neighbors staring at me while I jog
Well, keep me posted if you find anything like that!
don't ever fucking settle for someone who makes you feel worse when you're down.
watched the assistant for the hundredth time, never gets old. Ace monster
Rise and shine. Time to run around then get ready for my hit this afternoon. It never stops but I Love music.
I love the way yuh lie
My prayers are with Chicago Police Officer Hester Scott's family who was murdered allegedly by her 15 year old grandson.
fantastic! Please email hi-res shots to weddings at staff dot onmilwaukee dot com. Thanks!
For sure!
Discount poker stuff!! Visit www.eproducts4less.biz
On a mission it requires hardwork and dedication and I can't forget the haters for motivation turning doubters into believers believe that
GUIESE! The First Sign of Rape is Touching The Shoulder ... Ya'll Saw How Mario Was Grabbing Nick? Lmfao.
Sorry I've been hacked again!!!
so glad these JVC earbuds have bass..
creativity that I could never imagine.... ;)
One on my truck and one on my laptop. I'll find a random home for the others. I'll send pics! :)
No One Can Do You The Way That I Do. Boy I Want YOU :) . -Rihanna
YES -.- My phone is so tiny and so are the letters. Then, autocorrect makes me look like a perve ,and FML </3
1st We're counting on a lot of people seeing both shows which means Cobb's should wrap up in a timely manner.
This Asian chick just punched this bitch on the throat to plug her laptop into and outlet! Bahahaha
hm S'hani asking me for fashion advise hahaha normally it's the other way around!!
thank you:)
followed! thanx for the follow
Just scared my bro with my lobster tail at red lobster and he spilled his drink all over my mom & the seat. Priceless. Me & kali were dying!
sounds good to me just tell big chris to watch those runs.
Celebrate October with a fright and order our Halloween special, the BOO!! Blast! Made with homemade whipped cream! m, don't miss out!
I can't sleep for shit.
hey babes everyone is invited to my party tonight so are ya gonna COME????
Rocking out to a little Beastie Boys now in honor of Adam Yauch, and thinking fondly of good times had at Seacamp.
Our new #vegan entree is named the Summer Sun Fu! God I love Thursdays! Lmao
Children pack South Texas foster care systems after immigration enforc... - The American Independent
LOVE reading all the UK haters saying a Calipari win will get vacated. Funny, don't see many of you ready to vacate Calhoun's.
Movie recommendation is Jeremy Sisto in "Wrong Turn"
It is very loud in my office. Hubby playing music and drumming along on P's kit. P is screaming over it to get his attention. Help. Me.
He soo cold hearted.
Donald driver is a family man..... No way Jose!
You too! I'll send you info on my new company. And def hit me up if you're up in NY
WELCOME HOME
Random Quiz Question!!! What are the names we give the boys that set us apart from the direcrionators?:) like the nicknames! GO!
Getting my second hole today... Mall with the cuties later<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Is it worth staying in every thursday and setting aside $50 each time?.. and that's just for the taxi
a bunch of nobody's
Hola! Is it cold in tha "D" yet
Guess who just got a job offer?....THIS GUY,!!!!!
Attending the Policy Inst release of Connecting the Dots: Linking Broadband Adoption to Job Creation & Competitiveness.
Ms. Ava received her Social Security Card today.
I fucking hate this
Dear Yankees fans: No1, and I mean NO ONE!, will give a damn about Rivera being done!
I'd like to learn more. Can we chat? --Casey
Ive figured. Is it historically accurate to see plenty of black people working in a high profiled business in the 60s? Hardly
What purpose do mosquitoes serve in our ecosystem other than being assholes?
Kickstarter is up and running! OINK!!
DONE! RT : It's a beautiful #SanDiego day. Take a hall pass from the office & have lunch in the
they wont get out the first round
": ight thats whats up what kinda music u rocking"hip-hop,rap,r&b,pop
2 possession game for
UNLOCK YOUR TWEETS! You make me embarrassed to be ur friend
The present is the result of the past. I don't think you get that.
Hi, thanks for link to Richard Thornton. Plz follow us and take a look at what we are doing for homeless Veterans in Georgia!
Thank you! RT Congratulations to and the team for the enormity of their success
It does when the emcee doesn't shout on record, especially when it's a bunch of guys shouting over each other.
lol it's all good u know me too well. Rather be hanging out with my kitty than wasting my time with some borderline dude haha
Thought to ponder: How many of us work to make a better living but forget to work towards a better Life? Coach Terry
Stop being cute. Ugh. With your beautiful eyes and adorable smile...
RT : my city doesn't even have the single smh. Star Camp doesn't love us enough :'( <~ WHAT CITY AND STATION?
RT : Did you kids have fun at the #BaconTweetup last night ?!?! I had to miss it! :(
People have been asking when the policeman's ball is scheduled. They must be thinking about the fire deparment. Policeman don't have balls.
Anytime. I'm always here.
Viewer alert: SyFy will air a Grimm marathon tonight, starting at 7pm.
They're all hideous people. Just vapid whorish fame-monkeys
I know you!!
We are excited to be hosting an event for Houston Young Life tonight at the Park!! Hope you enjoy our Go-Karts :)
I'M SO EXCITED #BOFRIENDVIDEO :D
Too much?
Happy to be Rep. 300th follower just now
My belief is once ZG leaves, our window has closed. How else do you suggest we improve the minors?
One of the 23 flavors of Dr.Pepper is carrot...
Hey there its going great
Wow. Beastie Boys were one of my 3 favorite music acts ever. MCA is dead?? That is a HUGE blow to music. Even their last album was great.
Thanks all...good session as usual.
Thanks! She wouldn't let me watch her tuck it into the nest. Played statue until I turned away.
Nothing quite like the gift of time... I will enjoy it this morning.
putting a puck through a mouse hole isn't anything like FT and 1/2 court shot... It's an insult to fans! Goal from every dot??
damn, high pressure
What an awesome product! This thing is so simple and clean!
I'd like to stay involved with are there more meet ups? how can I stay involved?
Thanks, William. Hello to Leila for me!
Thank you
PCB bound next week!
Realizing the two cute girls that work at Starbucks remember your name
In the last hour, the guys are taking a serious run at turning the markets positive. They have some traction. Can they do it in 30 more min?
NLD is a community that connects scientists and volunteers with teachers to bring hands on learning to students www.nationallabday.org
YOU SOLD CLOTHING FOR JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE!??!?!?
This Neighborhood Is So Freaking Quiet
Nexflix, or video games ??!? Why can't I ever make up my mind :o
Well, I was up early to buy tickets to see and of course I can't get them.
It just dawned on me that I've been watching hockey for 18 years, wow
Nasty looking acoustic ceilings ? Call Mr.D's Painting 619-562-5848 We'll remove the old and texture with a new modern finish.
They were giving out 3 Floyds Zombie Dust at the panel. Yeah. They win panel of the day.
brother...Remember...racial/not, Zimmerman ignored directive of dispatcher, who also shld b liable 4 not issuing order
Remodel or repair estimate needed? Give us a call for your free construction estimate. Chris 379-2763 or Jose 220-6369
Scheme sought to remove regressive custom among Kadu Gollas
And anyway I don't think pioneering necessarily means "first." MP3tunes was 5 years ahead of Google and Amazon.
"Hey why u messing with my tasty cakes?" Lol
Follow VotingContest to learn about upcoming Elettro Interactive Contests & Sweepstakes. Follow contest announcements.
Heat's Bosh leaves Game 1 with groin injury
Follow the cousin of our own and : -- founder of Teens in Tech Labs and terrifyingly young genius.
That Rihanna rein just won't let up! #RihannaNavy for life!
I'm a lucky man indeed... Hope enjoying this beautiful day!
yeah and we all watched him grow up here and to just have him leave it hurts....
LOL.WELL MY OPINION IS MOST IMPORTANT.
Walker has gone above and beyond to harm #WI natural resources. If you're a #conservationvoter SIGN a #recallwalker petition today!
College basketball is finally here and the cats are playing tonight
Address me as Boss Bitch tramp
hi hi
My last tweet are things
Our hopes of getting him to notcie or follow us is going down really really quickly and it is not even funny :( :(
Hello again, Twitter! I'm officially back at work. Anyone have online access to Phil. Trans. R. Soc. A 368/1926 (2010)? Need article frm it.
A vision keeps the Wealthy Soul focused on the path and not on the boulders. Michael Norwood
if the #Saints finish w/ the worst record in the #NFL this yr, will they get the #1 pick in the 2013 draft?
OK - never spent much time at the U - is the transitway obvious/easy to spot?
cam just went to dodo in McDonald's lol
I am honored & humble to have been able to speak tonight to kick off Relay For Life. CANCER SUCKS!
GERARDO LACHINO I'm in love with you!! <3 && all my dreams and feelings are for you!! I can't stop imagining that day we would have sex :))
Exxon PROFITS over a BILLION dollars every day and the Republicans are firing teachers - it's plain that the GOP is bought & paid for.
TONIGHT 9 pm go see Lagond Student and her band at in New Haven CT!! 21+ show
Goal for October. Make it the fuck to a haunted house.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Sulcabrush Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Just saw a black midget riding around on a mini bike. Now I've seen everything
well thanks!!! omg omg omg i see you tomorrow :)
Can't wait for new VE music! #stoked #excited #Sierra&Blake <3
last night a young man cooked comfort food for my roommates and I while we sat around listening to music, drinking wine?
#top10Lies I hate you.
Discussing role of communication in project deployment. Every project needs a communication plan.
Southwest Meatloaf with mashed potatoes... ok, so maybe that doesn't go with a heat advisory, but it's our Wednesday gig and DELICIOUS!
I miss those #epic dance parties :( Remember when the bird flew into the car and you screamed :)
damn autocorrect, I meant "your tweets"
alicia sounds nice :)
“: I bet Osama Bin Laden accidentally hit the "Add your location" button during his last tweet...” lol
the #SAG TVLand agreement won't effect #AFTRA residuals nor the current AFTRA productions for them (per hollywood reporter)
Happy Monday...woo!
This show has awesome outer space stuff AND volcanoes. I love volcanoes.
if you don't RT it isn't RT.
“: After being a customer for 22 years state farm had a glitch in their system and dropped me w/o any notice.
Happy #AprilFoolsDay! I surprised w/ a couples #massage to celebrate a week of relaxation before her new job!
end of may. Might end up being a 5k but aiming for 10. Running it with friends which is a plus.
skyrim hands down game of the year
$BAC is just open on the high and creeping in to people lives. I brought 40 shares of $BAC.
Wow #whodat nation must be going nuts. What a game!!
Just finished an amazing cold reading workshop with Instructor Tim Craig from the Edgemar Center for the Arts. Booyah!
That's very sweet of you to take a moment to encourage! Thank you.
I fear I'll die from complications, complications due to things that I've left undone.
Not everyone is going to like what you are up to. Let it sting. And move on.
I think the second one was around only for the last season, maybe not even the entire season.
. Give Me A Mention Nd A Shoutout .
More videos and pics coming soon!!
Fantastic brunch today at mojitos with tom mcdermott. Chef sunny is creative and food is fresh and yummy. Oh and rum!
Ate fish on the bone at las brasas on four mile run. South arlington, yo.
Its nice to see that no matter what happens, that it all will be ok
Seriously? A baby squirrel? Lisa Higgins says, "It's the Cardinal's rally squirrel!"
right?! How is their library not national news?
How was your weekend, Milwaukee? :)
I'll win this race one day
There may be changes to our June 8th show....stay tuned for details!
Tomorrow is also the walk in Carmel at the Monon Center (1:00pm)! Fingers crossed for good weather!
has located a wonderful parcel of land on Eighth Avenue, between 34th Street and 42nd Street.
All performances of and are cancelled for this weekend because of hurricane conditions.
I am out of floss. This is bad news for a compulsive flosser. Cvs run stat!
what?! Are you there?
Good morning world!!!
A stroller that opens and closes on it's own with the push of a button? did it!
Where do you live at in Ohio?
Happy Birthday!! ;)
still looking for the personal ad who is searching for short, pale and ugly
I hate it when my phone corrects me. I know what the fuck I spelled!
Apparently the twitter api now detects drunk or insulting tweets and errors out on me.
For those of you who always think that someone is out to get them. Relax, you're really NOT that important.
the things that come out of YOUR mouth. #cecproblems hahahahaha I saw this tweet & just started laughing
Great workshop today on describing moving images. Thanks !
Holy shit.. Prom is tomorrow! Still hasn't hit me.
that camera thing is my charger! did you bring it by chance?
Fairfield Inn Syosset NY Achieving Increases in Guest Satisfaction and Energy Savings with INNCOM
Do guys apologize when they get better tickets from a friend than the other friend who offered first?
Three way tie? This is a fantastic ending to the #wellsfargo tourney! Come on Rory or Ricky!
Except ye become as little children, ye will not enter the Kingdom of Heaven. - Matthew 18:3
RT : West Coast! Tune in now to for the premiere of #MaryMary 's new show!
Everything in the last few days has taken twice as long as it should.
Didn't realize tyshaun taylor is 0-20 on threes in the tourney. Think he's due
ex junkie
Thank you! Means much RT : your movie will do great! I know you have a special one on your hands!
SO BLACK THUNDER WENT TO DEJA VU AND SLAVED EVERY GIRL FROM THE DALLAS COWBOYS CHEERLEADING SQUAD!! IT FELT SO GOOD!
thanks man. I appreciate you opening your doors. Great meeting you. Stay in touch.
Helped a student, got a hug. Looks like it's going to be a good day.
I've never been so happy that copy and paste functions exist.
it's outpatient if you don't show up in the ER in severe pain, I guess. They did a followup thing Fri to ditch 5 remaining stones.
absolutely. I will discuss the fed as much as possible on this page as well as something I am getting involved with.
Excited about whats happening with Tropicana Eatery. Come to the Marlow Heights location and get the new Jerk Fish Sandwich!!
aw thats so cute! Ur so lucky I got to meet the boyz!!!
I miss listening to music with you. <3
In #emac we have "at bat," "on deck," and "on the holodeck."
awe, ya! I love hugs! :D *Hugs Back!!*
Israel - Light onto Nations: Israeli rower wins gold in rowing – takes ...
it's funny how people hate on you but then you pitch a shutout and make it look easy
Cover of the #SXSW mixtape hosted by & is in & looking good! We'll drop it tonight!
.hope so.
can u RT this? thanks love! and hey btw search syd smith shes my friend and she's incredibly talented!!! itd mean a ton if u did
Is this a jealousy thing? Likkkkeeee. I don't understand.
o.o
It is already hot outside. I think I will stay inside.
Went to a show alone with a jar of olives
Apparently everyone wants shelfreading_augmented reality app
Ranchers and farmers and family business owners could make much better decisions regarding the future than the government can.
": You may not have it ALL but having a friend or some family is a hell of a start. #Goforward!!"
": melodies from Heaven , rain down on me !"
you do not need to call ahead at Ohare
I got work
I hope so, we have had enough rain.
those are some good ones. Um… I would have to saw either project man dime or when nitro circus came to the factory.
Lol yes, you're my pal <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> and oh well. Time will come young one <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Just wish I could see him...
Watching TVone reminded me that I have twitter..
Don't let anyone stop you from achieving your goals. Anyone who tries to hold you back from better yourself doesn't belong in your life.
thanks man !!
"say something.." "something"
Took me 2 days to finish my HOA marathon due to wifi
That good ol' feeling when you know you've done something wrong and the agonizing hours of trying to figure out why.
thats just a picture of losing
ugh. Did the therapist not
Oi! Picasso! Don't draw it all wonky!
On the way down Broadway, I see small shops boarding up their windows in preparation. This is not right.
Shout out to yall who followed back!
Today a walk during my break to get some energy.
Always thankful for the hard work of Soccercbg.
SEO NEWS: Moz's $18 Million Venture Financing: Our Story, Metrics and Future
OMG yes. Might have to do an extra round of the building when I get back home.
Happy Birthday, Chuck ... We like "Bleak House" and "The Pickwick Papers" best of all.
YouTube the kid juliusvevo
Bumgarner gets out of a jam. Brewers leave 2 on base.
Is this real? How'd they not realize this was going to happen this time?
I can't find your "Information Designer's Toolkit", mentioned in Mike Markel's #TechComm textbook. Web link broken or moved?
I owed you one after all the love you've been sending me. You have a great day as well!
And there is the State Journal's 2011 All-Area girls co-athlete of the year's take on the move to Green Bay. Thanks,
just started it tonight!
She jus want me for my watch...she jus want me for my car...
Dang I almost forgot a freshman playing a big role for his squad
it's okay we're gonna give out hints.....but can u do us a fav and tell ppl to participate in are contest
S/o to all my new followers :)))
better be!
Blah! Big mouth finally won something.
Join this Saturday, October 22nd, for their first Kelly Lane Trunk Show!
Yeah, well.... At least our first baseman isn't fat.
Listened to "Lover's Eyes" by on the live stream from Austin. Love that song!
One Hundred Years of Solid Booze
WIAA and UW officials tell me negotiations for next year's basketball tournaments are on hold. Still could be in Madison OR Green Bay.
Thanks for ruining the rest of the fuckin day!
i need to get my networking on.
Love. MT There's so much more joy in just being yourself.
Great night at the Smith Center in Vegas last night! Off to Indiana for a couple of days.
haha for real! im glad ur awake with me i need someone to keep talking to while this video loads..si no me quedo dormida..haha
What you say dosent matter anymore.
i wish i was as gorgeous as those girls on tv, i wish i was as skinny as a model, i was i was anyone but me.
$360 for a size 13. Didn't mind cuz anything above an 11 is gawd status w/ this shoe
I'm strong over reasons & situations that I've been through cause I'm bout that life.
History in the making.
Maps by Yeah Yeah Yeah's is my new favorite song that I forgot about
I wasn't put onto this Earth to be silent....lol
r u still on selenas side???
Watching little manhattan, is the most adorable thing<3
Happy Hunger Games! I wonder if they talk about bread as much in the movie as they did in the books? LOL. The books always made me hungry!
This windy day has successfully given me a headache. What happened to the #Summer like weather? :(
checking that article asap
Intuition, observation, analysis. The bermuda triangle I hope to get lost in.
AP credits with 1 hour of AP classes. Talk about your ROI
Someday! Hopefully before I start going gray.
wake the very special lil booger up and get his autograph ,lol you're still in Florida you 2 are bonded! ~~~~rich
That good huh? RT : Just saw the Avengers! Wow! Awesome is an understatement!
YEE TOCK CHEE PARK (Sausalito CA) Il Piccolo Cafe Specialita having Latte with Friends from Rubaiyat Shoes the best view in the world
It means that they're afraid the OB Rag will show up. heh, heh. Bonnie started the trend after we mentioned one in a story.
LOL! RT : Friendly reminder, tonight's game is on It's the one with the guy who's always yelling about stocks.
My husband was right, I should not have had tea at 10:30 at night. My night of sleep wasn't very productive, but hey, I'm up to work out!
Come home boosie boo
Going to bake for the rest of the day because the weather sucks and for me that means make fat food.
re: using FB- I have used to confirm alma mater
Best part of the weekend =not setting an alarm
Yeah, I'm guilty. I used to do it heavily until I questioned it.
oh yeah? What kind of side projects?
I think imma get used to this performing on stage business :)
That Ice sucks ! Tryin to slow us down.
I went again this week too. :) Butternut squash dish was delicious.
Stopped by Verlo to try the creations by Grayson Schmitz. Slice with caramelized onions, pancetta, & arugula was my fav.
check out Eric's status about not finishing the race lol
Doubtful. Although I did unfollow you, then read it again and refollowed you. I'm no so smart, lol.
And the goofy gal in the wizard hat! RT : The guys in the goofy pirate hat is your roving tech question guy.
2012 PR tip #5. Don't get stuck behind the computer. Get out and network on a regular basis.
maybe someday haha
Swop is playing out of his mind but #cards won't miss his play next year.
“: GM! NEVER Focus On What COULD HAVE Been. If Something SHOULD HAVE Been .. It WOULD HAVE Been. #AdjustYourFocus”
AIN'T NO SHAME IN MY GAME
This is going to be the last time I change my twitter. I don't do too many tweets as JT Scott so I went back to my old one.
And I've rewritten the introduction yet again! Fourth time is hopefully the charm.
Thats my bitch
wow the lead singer Is really damn hott!
hurry the hell up! :D
and then publicizes it ;-)
why? Everyone knows what he's gonna say. NOTHING
Just kidding Baconfoot I have to like all your comments
Celebrities to C.E.O's contact B.C.N. for whatever contact you may need .
"Already did! Good suggestion thoughh, ;)" XD
sounds like you are doing great LS! I hope all is well in the Chi!
I chalk Morway's "fraud issue" up to he was an agent and "agents do shady shit" and its not a big deal.
we can't wait either :) see you soon
Sigh - on the personal side, gotta run and get to my SPHR Strategic credit training.
was the 'ish, real female that was in the game, I had all her cd's
um, is 8:30 am too early for #winestorming?
aw your just so sweet ^_^
i can't imagine having to do my work without two widescreen monitors. it would take so much longer to gsd.
thanks for the tip...
Feel Like Giving Some Shoutouts... Who Want One?
I want to join my cousins birthday celebration tomorrow night but the room rates are outrageous! More expensive than Vegas! :/
yeh I figured that out the hard way....
19- we never talked before, but your really pretty(:
I'm in between what is and what happens next. Decisions here are more cirtical. Keep your head up, mind the gap, be ready for what's next.
Bed fred
I think the Occupy protesters are confused enough within their own group that they will never have a clear goal.
A few hours late, but I'll sit with you today. Perhaps a good time to reflect on what #mindfullness is to me. :-)
Hi, Marcia, thanks for following
So far, brilliant. Thanks for sharing the link.
Sifting through the resumes of the potential development director for . Ah, the life of a non-profiteer in the great recession!
I'm sorry but 1D, I don't like you.
Non-profit animal rescue group seeking donations of your unused but working computer monitors in the Kaufman/Terrell area.
my 6 words for chicago. Your 6 for Bali? "Giving reigns to rahmbo, no thaw"
When #yolo is used for everything <<<
my eyes keep watering...idk whats wrong with me....im not crying tho..
Amazing #Slaughterhouse5 Yvette Herman and the All-Metro HS kids doing some creative, exciting theater. Sat 7:30 or Sun 2pm
You are probably more qualified then the men they invited!
When u see me cryin half of me wants u to hold me&say everythin will be ok;& the other half hates u&wannts u far from me.:))
Sometimes I get sad when I'm having a bad day. And then I remember that the #Packers won the
I want to go out and do something!! :)
please follow me back sexy
In an effort to make up for my tribute, tn I begin my 89pg manifesto: "Paukovich: Life thru the eyes of a 6'9 Gretzky"
my niggas in the gym taking these ROIDS nigga
at axis enjoying some drag queens/kings
Wake up. School. Home. Homework. Sleep. And redo it. Every day.
fantastic! It's Jimmy Carter's new book about faith. email me your snail mail:
If you rush you you could end up in a B.Roy situation. But, the larger point is, the doctor knows better than us.
It's raining and hailing like a mofo.
Just talked on the phone with my beautiful friend lisette(:
those are darling wedges, too cute. Buy them for sure.
I get really annoyed by ppl trying to take credit for my ideas
Ty for all the response and link backs to Patch today. Stay safe buddy.
hard as we can to save YAA Twitter.
Dear Boulder, We are driving past cows to get to you. Love, PCP
MT : Great talk by Penn State about restructure of mktg dept. More strategy, less tactical.
“: what Rondo dumbass do? lol”bump an official! STUPID
yea. I'm aware. Lololol
m good!
On day 3 I continue to be amazed by the bay area :) Nothing more profound to say than, "rad"
QUICK IM GOING TO DM JUSTIN BIEBER! IF YOU WANT HIM TO FOLLOW YOU GO FOLLOW THEY FOLLOW BACK! AND THEY HELP YOU GAIN FOLLOWERS!!
too bad Matt Bomer is gay. Makes all the women sad.
the only pop at sam's house is heehaw
When you go into an endeavor with negative expectations, You have already accepted defeat!!!!!!!!!!! RT if you agree
You finally watched it! Is it not the most mind blowing whirlwind of awesomeness?!
Tonight: checking out Foursquare at Lilly's in Lincoln Park then going to the session at the Green Mill
im sorry </3
excited about todays editorial story with Olga B - Next Models
Happy Holidays to all! <3 ~Amber
Step 1: Unsubscribe from silly email newsletters. Done!
“: During the Great Depression, women would douche with lysol. (Do not try at home)” no that's some shit
i cuddle like a boss.
Thanks for the RT
You know you're a stoner when seven stoner twitters follow you and you don't follow them.
#Imagine your on your first date with Austin and your at a restraunt and he grabs your hand under the table.<3
Thanks for following us!
What black Friday deals were you able to get if any? What's your favorite looking console? Mine is neo geo Aes.
I am working with one my teens on her reel copy. It is very intense!! It is going to be good!!!
Friday After Next >>>> After you hit that lil boy with that retarded lil walk lmbo
one more thing!! Your RedWings Suck!! Lol..too bad they're going to lose loser!
Waiting for a socialism definition....
I was singing and walking down the stairs and I fell ! x) #Bestfriendmoments<3
Hm, I'm not sure what the #mw2012 hair of the dog would be… Maybe reading some of the old proceedings?
god bless your soul
sshh this is bound to work it's like psychology but in reverse
Kyle Cartwright just made an appearance on the Jim Rome radio show- part of Kyle streak
Sharing my listings for #abq #nmrealestate - all details on my website
just sit in front of a fan out on the porch.
Awesome! Congrats!
Kelly, we're doing a 2hr special on The Future of the BCS tomorrow. Are you be able to call for a few mins around 4:15 PM CT?
And now you have two followers. You are well on your way to SoMe D'baggery! :)
White, rather than black, is the Chinese color for mourning and funerals
Say it isn't so. I thought it was about just creating needless work ;-)
The way this game is going Kobe will elbow somebody, his own teammates.
I saw car for the first time today, and let me just say it is definitely the cutest car I've ever seen. Bye ~
Happy St Patrick's Day Everyone!!!
I wouldn't mess with me right now.
have you finished your notebook project?
My friend better have gotten my chocolate!!!!!!!!!!!
DO NOT FORGET TO COME TO AND GIG TOMORROW AT DEERING GRANGE 630. AND DID I MENTION IS PLAYING!?!
I don't think you understand how excited I am!!!!!! TEEN WOLF SEASON 2!!!!!!!!!
of course... My son went through a pigeon phase RT Of all the animals my child could possibly want to see, he keeps saying 'boar'
Matt, will you be Mi Amor? ;D x Love you!!
i'm going on tuesday! let me know how it is!
Agora ’s Private Upstairs Event Space Unveiled
One more follower and I'll have 1,100.Please follow me I follow back <U+2665>
really? I may know someone that will come n get it
My apt has gotten to the "Confessions: I am a Hoarder" level.
that hurts.
“Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world...It is the only thing that ever has.” ~ Margaret Mead
Soo if there is someone booked to be in this seat, I'm supposed to move to mime after this heffa has stood in it to put her luggage up.
On a night with two 15/2 upsets, was it greedy for me to want Notre Dame-Xavier to end on a buzzer beater?
I saw it on Broadway--fantastic!
Day is a little overcast but still very beautiful with the red and orange leaves falling! Business is booming!!
Haha true. That is a very important distinction. And he will always be guilty of being a dink....
Your wife is so beautiful!!!!!! You are so cute together!!!!!!
Quite well. Had to lay low for a while to concentrate on a project. Still won't be on a ton. But more!
walking without crutches, full weight on my right foot, for the first time since monday! victory!
hahaha, what did I tell you abbey! #Bama biotch! ;)
Sometimes you have to go to a dark place to write a meaningful paper on a topic that is really important.
RT : Don't walk, run (Forest) run and VOTE YES did!
Listen and laugh! www.freekshowradio.com
maybe for a bit, Il text you!
One can declare after consultation, collaboration, and with the hopes of re-declaring after conversation, right?
My e-mail is going to swallow me alive. My inbox is being populated at a rate faster than I can possibly read.
Find a niggah like me truth be told I dnt kno many
lol that's good
got a review copy for the Rumpus a cople of days ago! Looks nice,
Stretching it out with some yoga on this morning's show with !
Austin is the kind of boy that you instantly fell in love with. Something about him, his songs and personality is all so captivating.<3
The one man show I'm at is byob! Damn, I wish I knew that earlier. Pretty glad I'm stoned.
need help returning a laptop. been transferred around 5 times. can u plz help? thnx.
You've gotta try ! It's the only app I've been using for like, weeks :)
I hate how I care what people think of me..
I agree he's over payed but my man can ball.
If this girl says "um" one more fucking time...
4. All mistakes are opportunities to learn. We can always repair it or make up for it. Don't repeat the same mistake though.
hotel clerk who just gave me late check-out: "you need to go to bed. it's 4:13"
well ppl got to go aight laterz!
#smackoff had better come thru and crown ,
RT : Steve Blake will rarely touch the ball in game 3...LOL!!
thats why I unfollow them.. .you dont know who youre following til you speak. You my friend are a shitty devil's advocate
creativity is the only solution to boredom.
I'll go to bed now. Laterzz.
#HappyFridayEve! Scattered showers this morning. The snow level is about 1,000' so we have to watch a few areas. Hard to believe right?
Taking full advantage of our sunshine?
Is your friend the head of the wisconsin cheese factory? RT actually I'm going to visit a friend.
RT Quinton's fat ass way back there. Homie can't keep his pants up. Tryna borrow a belt, I'm like nobody here wear size Equator!
That defintley wasn't a foul right there?
Open bar event at one of NYC's top clubs. Stay tuned for the details.
Playing a show at on Feb. 4th. Tell your friends to go. Tweet, message, or #Facebook me for tickets.
resisted for an hour before downloading Angry Birds to the new droid phone
"Greatness is not a function of circumstance. It's first and foremost a conscious choice and discipline." Jim Collins
I got two more show at Universal in Orlando. Then off to the next gig
today is the day! carbonation should be finished! and the winner of our poll was cerveza w/ lime. look for your invitation on the internets!
Wanna Look Fresh ? Call US 305-866-1940 Thank you !
Listening to We Are Young on 99.5 WZPL :D
Check out GSA's apps.gov
haha we will be asked! we just have to up our stalker game and find them. ah this makes me more nervous on what to wear!
Tweet me
no way media wouldn't put this front/center -- ratings driver with sex, power, race, politics, military, gender issues and on and on
Watch the nationally televised Kings vs. Thunder showdown. Can the Kings slow down KD?
Beautiful day and feeling great.... What else can I ask for? ;)
you aint big
I never saw a pessimistic general win a battle.
Two bagels in one day was a bad decision
RT : I hate getting sick because I almost never do. When I am sick I feel like death. Just sayin // that's how I've felt all week!!
yessir! Tickets will be at the door. Use the entrance at S. Frederick St. to avoid the crowd.
WOW, are we excited, so many positive things happening our way today!.
OHMYGOD it's cold.
Since you're the only candidate that could actually defeat Obama, hope to see you run in 2016 after he's reelected!
did you ?(; lol
Thanks Paul. I TRY!
oh I got you on the meat ball tip...let me gone head and make some more noodles :)
I love meeting general, real people. It seriously gives me hope.
Riddle me this Joker: is near top of #B1G & crowd sucks. is the bottom dweller & crowd/students rock!
Wow, I tried to choke the shit out of my husband! Lmao, it was a love choke, wink wink!
Come on pls we are in trouble ": how yall got the ball back n driving"
Just had a successful meeting with
thanks for the follow have you tried polleverywhere,com
Thanks for mentioning our mayor candidate CicLAvia series.
Why the #Broncos moved down 11 spots for a 4th rounder? RT : Everyone drafted in 1st rd tonight a millionaire at least 6x over
Its the best chicken ever!!
it's not about the tents.
Come on Big Blue tighten up your DEFENSE!!
i love being called four eyes. LOL. i hate people.
Your mom -----> would hit it :) Happy Birthday again.
Thank you! What are you doing for social media strategy? RT : likes your services
no i dont like you i just hate her
email me…
This song opened my heart, and made me aware of life and full with emotion. “It’s Not For Me To Say” by Johnny Mathis....
No school and no work. I'm thinking tomorrow is gonna be a #LazyDay in bed. :D might go see some long lost friends in Chipley.
You talking about Steve Labay? haha
Been Single For A WHILE!!! This Shit Is WACK!!
Just got a really great bday present
Me and my sister were running down the streets of Miami lmao we were singing and everything...yea and we didn't even get shot<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>the thug life
So drove, fuck what we had.
well everyone that doesn't like you cuz u are rich are haters. I got plenty of those and I love them :)
You don't become happy by pursuing happiness. You become happy by living a life that means something.
Day 1c Main event WSOP today... Wish me luck!!!
Update: still no luggage in Houston. does not deliver bags after 9pm What did I learn? Don't pack meds in checked luggage
making me Jelly
swing night - Etta James on the turntable ...
we didn't even get that picture. WHACK
follow please?(:
Some people will do anything for a chance in the spotlight. Your claim to fame is that you're the EX-girlfriend of President Obama? Oh.
"Precepts are meaningless until they become practices." -Manly P Hall
I do, you? Want to grab a drink sometime?
Celebrate your independence day right. Drop by for a Supersac w/ Black Velvish cover for $499! United We Sit.
Unbelievable, time distortion, space is the place Go down that lonesome hiway YEAH but don't be hypnotized NO
Why is it only on weekends? Brunch should be 7 days a week
So hungry! Still cant figure our what to eat for breakfast :-(
At almost 1k #followers on both #facebook and #twitter! Thank you to everyone for your continued support!
just pullrd up my shirt to look at my half in shape belly and ther was a kernal of corn in my belly button.
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Wrong People...Never Leave Your Life Voluntarily."
Busy trying new paints and stains. Summer, 4th of July, BBQ's, fireworksand mega sunny weather. 3 day weekend. Best time of year!
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 35
I often write replies to tweets and then delete before sending.
There are no mistakes in life, just lessons.
Lily Allen >
Sorry Dos Equis, my friend the black-Puerto Rican-Hasidic-gay MC (from Towson) is THE MOST INTERESTING MAN IN THE WORLD.
yea u can be beautiful to <3 as long as you hit that follow button lmao
Happy New Years to all! Hooray 2012!
night. k
it's the league tourney. are you signed up for it?
UB Group net sales for the quarter under review increased 57.6% and posted a marginal decline in net profit for the quarter ending 2011.
haha nice job!!
This is my message to you: Don't worry about a thing, cuz every lil thing is gonna be alright!
Oh my goodness. KD time
ah, wanted to retweet but you're protected.
Thank you for dropping by!
On the train home to Philly. Excellent #PCCOpCo12 but my brain is tired. Thank you Evan, Kat & sweet little Pickle for being amazing hosts!
You're welcome. Working on being a better supporter this year.
have fun this weekend everyone, but remember to be safe!!! for sacramento residents be especially careful if you're taking to the river
Nap time in between unpacking. Be back in 20 minutes.
do you ever check your tweets and reply to most i need to ask you a question real bad please answer i need you to.
The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes to do, but in liking what one has to do. - James Barrie
I'm hoping for "Sweet Virginia."
Taking Haley to the movies...
possibly if Nets get No 1 pick and Magic decide to deal Dwight....
everyday he gets more and more fans that love him as much as we do!!! I am so proud of him though.
That's cool. Real fucking cool.
We are excited to donate a piece to Rossmore Polo Cup presented by benefiting !
The Volt uses two sources of energy. How do you stay energized? Tweet us w/ #ChevyFuelsPhilly & be entered to win a $100 gas card!
ahh, so jealous!
You know you play too much tennis when you have to hide all the racquets and balls from your wife or girlfriend
so true! my gps is probably the best part about my evo.
Awesome!! Looks like you're having a jazzy good journey!!
Im doing Awesome! thanks for asking! what you up too?
Okay stupid rain, I guess you aren't stopping. I'll go to the gym for my run.
This sucks ass
appreciate it man!
Riding through the turf!!!
I beat procrastination by writing down what I have to do, and measure what I actually did.
S/O for giving my baby stone spins
don't you worry, ill be there. Commitment baby!! :)
I want to vomit :-(
thanks for the love.
Hey Tearmas, our marketing rep. said your a cool guy! Definitely would love to get you a shirt!
nailed it. Starting with hibernation
can you send me your recipe please!!!!!!!
Done! :D
Have a feeling about this corporate worship about to take place this morning! :-)
Going to the show at Marquee, gonna be dopish.
Tell me why tf I have the hiccups right now //;
U originally from SoFla? Move to Seattle in 09 -- had #Marlins season tix from '93 until I left. Gonna visit this summer, tho!
Wanting something new
Excited 2 see
Being a Go Giver is not the opposite of a Go Getter
well I know on the last day Sunday B.O.B and Snoop perform and the fireworks are in-between those 2.
Struck a nerve with arena and CFL supporters I see. Facts - Arena dissolved for over a year just 2 years ago and CFL is nothing in USA.
Sub for second block :D #winning .
Shout outs to these chicks that think i'm supposed to lower my standards and stop doing me...
Aw I just wanna love her. Adorable
Shields and Brooks hooks 'em early!
mayb this will get u 2 #RT me..I sware by the light in Leo Howard's eyes to be loyal and honest to him and never let him die:)
Sipping a Monkey Gland variation: 3/2 gin, 3/2 OJ, 1/4 Grenadine, dash Yellow Chartreuse. Perhaps, a Monk's Monkey Gland?
Watching switched by birth !!!!!!
Watching the incredible Beastie Boys induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on HBO
Bobby Peru's on Sunday for the final version of the EP. Pumped
Been talkd about all day && ii mean all day but iim okay ! Im so Over it now ;; #Me,Myself,& I. (DumbAss too )
I turned a triple play once in youth softball. Where's my fox sports/viral video?
fan sign!
do you love heidi or something?
All the shirts I'm considering wearing show too much cleavage.
was that in WI?
lol I'll pass... I'd rather throw them up on eBay the night before for $350 a pop and sell all my pairs... Then buy your I's
Stubbing my toe in the door <<<<<<
I'm at the one hospital that none of my family would want to be at....
launches live twitter chats on their site showcasing tweets relating to stories
school Is so stressful :/ I'm done the beginning of June.
that's not rain, you've been playing too much diablo3... Nice neighborhood btw
whoa what happened??
And that's not my house, it's my bf's house. You know dudes, they don't decorate.
Happy Easter fellow tweeters
I didn't see any in there!
If Dana keeps him... BJ's new fight?
How are you going to the city that never SLEEPS!!! lol RT : New York next month ! Can not effing wait.
Enjoying a glass of bubbly rose with the pup while watching people navigate the uneven cobblestone streets in various shoes. Life is good!
Bad News, our car is stalling and needs a part so tomorrow we have to take the car to the shop (if we can get there)
Sorry but your not going to be first on my list, if I'm last on yours!
Hey I missed u at tonight, thought for sure you'd be there. #:-(
In #brooklyn tn? Come to the rescue mission & hear Will Allen talk about his new book!
Attention everyone: it is a beautiful day and you are all beautiful people. I have a workout planned outside at 3:00, join me!
your jewelboxes can't be beat... been a fan of the dvd ones since u first came out w em :)
Yeah, might be close to the same tonight. It's college night, so that means $1 beer night. Quite the turnout.
What is this nonsense?!
I got a real bad hang over
My answer on to: Do i need to go to court for leaving florida? - You will need to comply with the provisions of...
#quote "Our fate is based on how we see the world or on how we have been programmed to experience it." Biologist Bruce Lipton (ODE 5-12)
Thanks for the follow!! What's the most inexpensive romantic thing for a couple during Christmas season?
i miss your cum bitch we needa have 9 ways with austin and olive and them
Thanks 4 following. Good luck with the new role. cb
Just mastered key placement on my Blackberry. Now Tap? I wonder how long it would take me to relearn my alphabet in dots and dashes!
i voted for 2 hours.... So do i deserve a followback???i hope i do:):)follow me please...love you guys<3
i gave you a sandwich earlier but you hit me with it.
thanks, you too! :)
I went to march for dimes help the babies someday all babies will be born healthy
Hey chloe do you ever reply i wish i could be friends with you and do you play xbox or something i would have fun playing :)
i need a haircut..
“: I'm assuming - but usually when something is derived from a culture but not part of it, AP lowercases it.” love!
I gotta agree. Totally.
BJ there we go!
are we still going on Tuesday?
Number One in the ALC BABAYYYY
disney movies give girls false hair expectations...
haha, so kind of you :)
very true(:
For all of my Sales and Marketing Friends out there: Increase your sales numbers via face-to-face meetings with hundreds of IT executives…
*point finger and laughs*
Exactly three months until Jeremy Renner ruins THE AVENGERS for me.
so hard to post a WoD i guess wtf
You know you're having a good day when you keep reading Kuhlthau's name as 'Cthulu.'
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
Thanks for the RT, sir.
Getting my workout on!!
In Waukesha today for a campaign stop by Mitt Romney at one of the stores.
it's ironic how we say we want certain things (I do this to) but we don't act like the people who have the things we want.
I feel like this is a appropriate time to use "that's what she said"
Guys who play Football? hot. if they suck at it? losers.
and Geoff probably wouldn't be too happy if I went around bragging again that We're 81-54 and Baltimore is 53-79 :P
Up at 4:30am to prep for morning beach photoshoot. Glad I'm not the one getting in the water.
what the heck .. slept at 3 and now working so tired
world has spoken to me that you have lot of friends
Bout' to go hit the babershop nd get cleaned up wit the bro'
Mom shouldnt leave her twitter open . . . . . . . . . hehe Love you mom!
If u find urself under constant persecution just remember u r highly favored from above. The messiah went thru it 2...y should u b any diff
We're going into the 11th. Come on Ethier, hit a homer. Go #Dodgers !!
Local Nevada pep's! Know this, Moorea is your local hang out. Let your friends know. We take care of you!!!
Hey dude, glad to be followed anywhere by you.
announces gov admits it dumped ashes of 275+ fallen soldiers in Va landfill ... #areyoukidding?
And yes, I know that was the 8-4 shift getting off. I just like to crack jokes.
Why do all wildlings look like they're high on meth?
it's always all my good songs too.
burnt end offerings?
I thought you loved mw3 at first what happened brah
We all need a break here and there
don't bother me w. that bullshit.
how long are you in AZ and what else is on the agenda?
the Knicks will go further than the Bulls next year!
paranoid, from the Greek para-, meaning 'beside' and noid, some kind of a pizza demon
sounds good... i'll be around 3-5, ping me and we can meet/chat in the doc.
I want to so bad :(
I love being treated like a princess <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
Jesus fuckme, I seriously cannot see onscreen w/o wanting to lick him.
Have you considered maybe a velociraptor? :) He could be leaping over the star towards his victim or something.
It's been a very long time coming!
Arizona Hot Air Balloons wanna say, Happy new years. May your homes be filled with joy and love. Gentle Breezes
Hi friend! watch on my website littleliars(dot)org,latest Pretty Little Liars seasons2 Episodes online,100% free!
I've seen this tweet somewhere else...
Whoops, didn't think. It would be great if u could! Anything like this in the UK?
First you take a drink, then the drink takes a drink, then the drink takes you. - F. Scott Fitzgerald
#WhatIMissMost tickling Randy's cat til it peed in the driveway
good morning
Yes we played the #Rangers tonight you only pay juice when you lose and we don't do that much get on the list
Man I shouldn't have drunk a redbull at dinner can't sleep and to jumpy to play online poker.
Pretty sure all from one girl w/ wicked powerful shot. Next time I play her, i"m moving 2the opposite side
without reading - yes
Thanks Niel! Great site!
If you love someone tell them if you need someone tell them if you want someone tell the to come to you and be theirs
I remember when A&E had opera, Lifetime had medical shows and MTV had music! Now it's Storage Wars, soap operas and crap.
#Prsa_sa luncheon is started.
There will be many tears of joy!
oh haha I didnt see the first tweet
Our pool playing friends sure do love to play poker !! come on down and get in on the action !!
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED is almost to the top come on mahomies dont stop tweeting it!!!
Dog farts dont get you high RT : What's worse: paint fumes or dog farts?
Can't stop Emeri Pink #Moscato! Now available in Decatur, IL. Hit up Price Rite for a bottle or 3!
Will this cold ever go away!!!
you are welcome - working on search next
Which hurts more. Thinking you should hate him or knowing you don't?
#listenbitch take your ass on somewhere with your 1997 hair do. Who still wears roller wraps?
Nope, definitely not the only one!
Thanks, Helen! You're so sweet!
Hey twitter--i've had internet issues so i've been m.i.a!! I'm BACK:) Let me know if you need help with anything fitness related!
That u look good
Sometimes the ppl you least expect to believe in you are the ppl who believe in you most. Can't hold these tears back anymore. #blessed! =`)
sounds great and it's definitely needed. If there's anything we can do, don't hesitate to let us know.
I hate that people are defined less by who they are and more by what they do (occupation). It's a truly stupid question.
lol no hate
Same. I love her. Gotta love an album where you hit shuffle and get excited every time a song starts.
Now that's my kind of research plan.
again my point proven? How u gay and Dnt know what to do wit a female. Lol u wanna b gay so bad but Dnt know what 2 do. Lol
Pfizer Beats Estimates as Company Readies Animal Health Spin-Off
. Hello there! I came to your launch party - hope all is going well! Need to visit the site again soon :)
Yeah I'm boutah get off twitter tho.
so what are you up to?
Romney is from the "real streets"?! Lol
Just found out haloti ngata played rugby at highland. And of course he would get a red card during a championship game lol
"This about JOBS AND THE MIDDLECLASS"
awwwe, thanks luv! it means a lot :D <U+2665>
Hilarious!! ... and accurate! :)
yes, the nurse practically MADE me go home, which isn't all to bad(;
This is the best time of year. Forget that winter holiday - spring rocks!
80% of the time...He wins all the time.
No, I support #indie artists from all over.
I got a job as a social media manager :)
C'mon Lakers. We have let them hang around long enough
In the market for a new android smartphone, any suggestions? I'm on Verizon...
oh, you certainly will. He's very charming as usual :)
Now Auburn and LSU are the only two undefeated teams in the SEC!
Hey! Thanks for following me :) btw I love the movie Super8 :D
LOS ANGELES (AP) -- Los Angeles police spokesman: Famed hairdresser Vidal Sassoon dead at age 84.
I watched the whole thing on Netflix too then I got the box set! Well worth it.
Had a blast catch @ Blues Alley listening to the Cheikh Nodoye Group, W/Karen Briggs & Marcus Baylor. Those guys were crushing!!
Thx so much for the #ff. I really appreciate it!
New tune-yards video! This video is great, all smiles!
I'll just stay hard. I'll just try my best.
Congrats to the NY Giants on their victory yesterday in Super Bowl 46... Any good stories to share with us? The Colts are on the clock...
Didn't see the tweet--yes, that is the best link.
Fruit's of Romance, Lover's Cup and Passion Berry are the elixirs of Valentine's Day!
I love justin outlook on how hes compared to other artists..or how other artists are compared to him :) thats my positive boy!!
Is day national Pippa day cause she all over the tv. Im sorry yea she cool whatever but really she hasnt down anything She just Katie sister
I'll not go to sleep until you follow & tweet me something!:] I love you both so much!<U+2661>5
I needed a couple of drinks after today
#shitfangirlssay literally in tears listening to sanctuary because perfect
YES :D
Great meeting w/ today. BIG things happening in Denver! Can't wait to get n on the action.
#dontwakethedragon would make an awesome kid's board game.
Hope all of you #Owls had a good Manic Monday!
yupyup u go hard lol but u know that already lovein it like a fat kid love cake
Proverbs 3:5 (NIV) 'Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding.'
It is scary, scary outside.
y is it when i need some1 to tlk 2 theres no one there =/
But I hope he has a good one thou.
In class: 5% Paying attention. 12% Playing with a pen. 21% Checking people out. 62% Daydreaming of what I could be doing if I wasn't here.
I Got my mom a bouque of flowers& a H U G E card it's bigger than my little brother(:
State of the City address "Imagine What Our City Can Do"
Your father, like Our Hero, knows the importance of fiber.
Happy mothers day to the most beautiful, brave and strong mother in the world. I love you mommy <3
are you coming for summer? The summer workshops are awesome! We'll post schedules in about a week. DM your email info?
I'LL KEEP YOU MY DIRTY LITTLE SECRET, DON'T TELL ANYONE OR YOU'LL BE JUST ANOTHER REGRET!
# Online come , if you want talk to me ^_^
the Ride = my favorite station ... Hands down. #classicrock <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
K. one of this random boys is flirting with me
Chinese eyes? How cute.RT -_-
thanks! We're super excited!
they need one of them everywhere in the united states
having makeup on at this time makes me so tired, but when i wash it off im gunna be wide awake
not yet . . .me, perhaps?
if I'm like superduper into it, I may scream Kenny G.
i bet it was the porno mag line. But sixth grade? Yer old, dude.
you like thunderstorms like this?
Franklin Graham = Bigot who speaks under the guise of Christianity and that is PURE EVIL You need to check yourself
for Colt 45, Will Ferrell for Old Mil, PBRArt...your brand mktg is on FIRE! What is next up for Old Style ?
Thanks for the RT! Will we see you at the this Sunday?
Think I'm about to eat this bagel
These "auction experts" on #StorageWars over price EVERYTHING! Anyone else agree?? #yup!
So…….The cowboys won the superbow already?
I know that's why traffic must have been jamming in that area b/c i didn't see an accident!
well hopefully today went better than it felt like it would!
omg girl u never tell me u had twitter !!! :)
Spring forward over the Spring Break...nice way to ease into the time change!
It's melon season again! Munching on some yummy cantalope for my mid-morning snack.
but I might
Gallantly moving forward here. You?
I am back the cook is here...work here I come..time to be put back on the map...my sick days are over....wach your back..
doing well. Relocating back to IA in the near future, but staying with Carnegie. Very excited.
Are you excited for the Jonas Brother's new music? hahaha I'm sure you're a huge Jonatic, right?! ;)
"50 years from now, you wanna say you got in the car"
yeah...that's the one. i was in there at lunch. found my next pair of shoes. and got some other stuffs....
"Nothing in the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity."
Someone shouldve told him today was Monday. Smh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
RT : lmao!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thanks that was cute =)« You have to get something for being in their thoughts.
You can add questions & answers via Bloomfire's iPhone app.
Woot! Got my antibiotics, now I'm about to pass out!!!
Gr8 mtg tdy w/Men Falls Village Admin Mark Fitzgerald. Falls is the most populous village in WI and a fvrbl place for developers to do biz.
Hey Mikey I know you creepin follow me pleasee???:)
One of the best quote I've ever heard was on the wall of a bathroom stall...
It's a lousy joke anyway. I've spent the past 45mins doing textual criticism on a single word in Ezra 3, so my brain's mush.
Someone text me
RT and #PLEASEnotice and #PLEASEfollow me if u Love your fans from #VEGAS !!! We luv u
not on mothers day man.
Having your own money >
SHOT OUT to FOLLOW her for GOOD MUSIC and FOLLOW BACK
Cool Tools + Cool Nashville Crew = Cool TV!
Accepted proclamation from the School District of Palm Beach County proclaiming Holocaust Remembrance Week.
Need to discuss proposed variances for property within Riverview NA. Call @ earliest convenience: 918-852-5036 Lori Cain
About this 5 am thing.. If the birds aren't awake and chirping then you know we should be sleeping. Have a great day everybody.
we can watch it in the office whenever we're feeling down - automatic heartwarmer!
thank you! If you're in MKE tonight you should come celebrate with me :)
The MICA Vigil was incredible as always. Teaching drums, editing video, and eating cake all day.
Class of 2012!!! HU U Know! We have 100 days until Graduation :-)
I can't DM you? How much for those tickets??
Am I being selfish or a good person? I can't tell.
LOL no it's my dad
2 point game again
I swear chipotle has some type addictive ingredients.i cannot freakin resist it.its just to good.m m
it is. Doug has been working hard at it for a few days so you might have gotten a sneak preview.
Just took an awesome class with RD Todd Butzer. Loving #kwfr - as always!
nothin going to six falgs parents car set on fire babies was in but got them out
Noon - 6p at Church rock club tomorrow we will be hosting The End All Marathon, Royal, Late Nite Reading, The Control, The Fifth Minute $15
Like I said, a process. Also, that means people who have killed in self defense are guilty of murder on purpose.
BRO! Were going to. ! :D
“This time, like all times, is a very good one, if we but know what to do with it.” ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Pete. I thought I sag him on Allison tryna thug.
Loved all premiere footage on tonight.... sad Miley Cyrus had to dress trampy while her man Liam looked amazing.
happy birthday!!
you should reply to me in dms hun lol ;)
Ditto... RT Dear zara: this would be a lot more efficient if u just took money directly from my paycheck. Best, Lara.
And your point is...?
#partners There seems to be some confusion. Do our Flavorlock bags protect the beans from the harsh cold?
cant. sleep.
Excuse me your faded off of what?? I hope water lol « My nigga I'm faded»
Nasal decongestant is the perfect drug. Sweet, sweet, sweet relief.
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? (:
I'm not following you cuz told me to...its cuz of the nat'l championship you'll be hoisting in March
It's colder here than on the east coast. No, really. # Overheardatsxsw
Collection gossip- two of our members went out on their first date last night. Wonder if they'll blog about the experience?
Despite the nasty weather, Chilibrew was a blast. Though I'm mad at myself for not entering the contest...
Ain't like listening to the "wop"Cat Daddy " be for you start the day!:-)
My strength in life is I am Yours and my soul delights cause I am Yours, You will on earth is all I'm living for...
yeah can't wait ha
Is it just me, or are there more #NFL games jammed into the Noon central time slot than normal?
you shoulda say ok and i woulda came over and made him get some dayum FOOD!
GM #ilvolovers today is the day.. Good luck guys today in buenos aires #EPiuTiPensoIlVolo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
awe ight. U almost done rt
no way and we had plans tonight and you bailed for scene people
Thanks, Jeff!
There was a make-out party in my dream last night, but "Gertrude Stein, from 2 Broke Girls" did not approve.
A3: cos that are successfully using SM to engage customers are transparent & nipping some issues in the bud B4 they become probs
facebook link pleeeaaassseeee :)
David Puddy is an accurate representation of devils fans - both in personality and intellect.
": All the Internet chatter now is Shabazz to UCLA and Nerlens Noel to Georgetown." <- that would suck.
was worth a try .
did you get asked like that..?
You said you would come by sea for me, I will always be waiting at the waters edge for you .. Wind across my face I wait ..
Baby close your mouth... Just play and look hot. #Shades <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Pierre Bonnard, on painting:..I try not to lose control of the primary conception..if I let myself go..I no longer know where I am going.
Not sure why everybody is so excited about the return of #MadMen, hasn't been the same since left the show...
Ah crap, my bad Mel lol Imma watch my mouth
it's the little things in life!
All this Whitney talk has made me remember when we found out about MJ at the happiest place on earth.. haha
She roll the weed and she don't even smoke
Even More: Spank Rock, HUM, Four Tet, Lykke Li
Take my hand together we can do it ; I'm gonna love you through it <U+2665>
Loving my TL
Hi there!!!
hope you're feeling better this morning! Your day will be great :-) <3
I can't decide if my new iPad makes me feel more productive or chained to my desk. Thoughts?
"Your call time is 7:00 tonight for vocal warm-ups, and then sound check with the band at 7:15." So I guess it's too late to back out.
ima try to.. my mama b trippin wit her shit
Wouldn't it be weird if the next ground rule double bounced into Charles Barkley's hand?
Undertaking a crude version of a proper Japanese tea ceremony with some excellent Adagio white tea sent to me by my old friend
1D Stole My Heart. Literally. XD
Raidundant has developed solutions for the #media and #entertainment market that help overcome the challenges of..bit.ly/nTxXyD
happy to see featured on - a great Milwaukee property gets the recognition it deserves!
Thanks, they were a dollar a piece at a thrift shop I stopped at.
yeah and jeans!
Share girl! Share! <3
cant wait to watch it on tvo. Gr8 costume btw!
GR 17s Up 5 at half on Mich Mustangs in Semis game.
We are back on Twitter!!
they weren't exactly going up against a buzzsaw of a lineup...
that makes two of us :-)
Happy week for everyone! and remember... keep dancing always! ;)
I'm so insecure.
Sole Slam, Here I come !!!
Hope to see you Dec. 23rd!
Buffalo Bills rider...win or lose!
Courage the Cowardly Dog was definately the creepiest kids show ever
~Charles Darwin~They say that time changes things,but you actually have to change them yourself
Euro directioners wake up! Help us make a kid's dream come true :)
Am I the only person confused by a whore trying to be intellectual??
Thanks for the mention!
Vince Gray: "District residents have the right to know how their tax dollars are being spent."
Just got home from my schools halloween dance it was GREAT!!!!!!!!!! And in 1 hr heading to ATL for the weekend
Walking home right now..!
Paramount is always my favorite lot to audition on!
absolutely... I miss ur crazy butt too lol
help me get more Fans CLICK ON LIKE on my page
Finally received the floor tom for my new drums. Pics soon!
after going to Matthea Harvey's #poetry reading in PHIL 411 at 7:30, head across the hall to the #WoodenTeeth tuesday meeting!
Am I the only person who thinks Skyrim is not all that?
I climbed the Columbia Tower in 15 minutes exactly!
the bad news is that I can still taste the Pinot Noir. The good news is that im tweeting. On my 3rd cup of coffee.
when you answer that you DON'T need room for cream, that means you DO want coffee filled to the brim so you can't avoid scalding your hands
3-day weekends are so nice!
hey! remember me??? Im that cray girl who wants a follow from you :DD LOL please ;( :D :( what to do CRY OR SMILE ?!?!?
its true girls who smoke week automatically have clear skin lol
"Can We Hear Voices in the Archive?" — and there's my next conference paper.
I hope you had everything backed up on your computer before the meltdown!
Any recommendations for veggie friendly food gems en route to Athens from Memphis?
thanks pumpkin! U too! you better Kill it! Kill the day...not puppies or anything...just in case there was any confusion...
What if there was nothing left unsaid in each of your relationships? Now, that's living in integrity!
Cutting my own hair + doing laundry + watching "Mega Tsunami - 5 years later" this eve has proven quite daunting.. It's sleepy-time!
volleyball tournmemt . Hope we win ,even though its not about winning
How do you stop a fish from smelling? Cut its nose off
Airport watching 2 guys chasing each other. BANG 1 guy is involuntarily planking 10ft down the tiled floors.
“The urgent can drown out the important.” ~ Marissa Mayer, VP of search products and user experience at Google
Cat urine is quite possibly one of the foulest substances on the planet.
I'll be glad when my sister gives me back my cd! This 1980s music ain't cuttin it!
RT : God is still good, the devil is a liar and we have the victory!
Happiness and feeling empowered to make a difference/change
Working a double at ye olde record shoppe () in preparation for Saturday (). Act like you know! [#ilm]
Our Fearless Leader, Bob Duffy, is still healing at home. We're wishing him the best and get well soon!
U-T San Diego doesn't flow at all.
Car is packed to the brim
Im gone be what I set out to be, and I askin nobody for shit<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Bully u hush
thanks to all members of #dcsla for making the open house such a success. We are an awesome chapter! #bnanews enjoyed hosting.
Can't turn over the ball twice under 2 minutes when you are up by 7. Better bring it at home.
No more rain, please.
Happy Birthday to my Mom today. Didn't think we'd get to this one after the last two years. So blessed to have her with us still.
how can i help from NY?
Let's try our new arrivals again shall we?
people watch me and follow on twitter
Today I had Kashi cereal, a strawberry-banana smoothie, a chicken-salad sandwich w/a lot of veggies on it, and half a brownie.
All are indebted, few realize.
so, so sorry Crystal. Praying for you today!
summer is so close i just need it to be here already!
Hey if you like metal give us a listen:) we put up a new song "some kind of fake" :)
Helps em make a sammich “: The two highest IQ scores ever recorded belonged to women.”
Reporting live from #thatcamp. Excited!
Nice inning Hughes
she learns so fast! My darling padawan.
Every week we're going to post our #songoftheweek this week it is: Remi Nicole-Cupid shoot me (from #EasyA)
PRESS DIGEST-Sunday British business - April 29
#ivealwayswantedto shape my pube hair up like a downward pointing arrow...to show I mean business when she sees it
Morgan did u do the math yet?
Playing 2 sets at Rack N' Roll this Saturday night :3 So stressed&unprepared
I agree. Heat will win series but was nice to win one!
Canada this summer!!!
OMG, Thank you Sweetie <3 xoxoxo
I Cried When I realized people are more excited about Twilight than Harry Potter
awesome we will certainly be in touch to promote your events to relevant users as the time comes
Can I get an RT?! I love your song Lead You On! It's on #repeat cuz I'm #obsessed with it!! Keep making music!
Working on an Android APP so users can submit pics and model pics for a chance to get free stuff!
#SparkleMovie I am getting excited for you guys, can't wait to see it. Happy 4 U.
So Classless!!
Don't worry, your wife will have already taken it.
We're so excited to see you open! Here's hoping it will be home to a startup pioneering the way we interact using mobile video.
Well, Mark Schulman--drummer for P!NK and the like--recorded with us...
Night all....=D
Great bio on your website ;)
Say what you feel and #getitoffyourchest No need in getting mad behind what ppl say most of it is opinion based anyway
Congrats to James Brasic -- he's won a copy of DJ David Guetta's new CD!
I know but watch my team work tonight
I'm not gone lie I fucks wit you cuz but your mans ass
is on heart Martha!!!
interesting conversations happen when my parents come home drunk on a wednesday night
night i guess.
#firefly marathon on #science channel
4-0 Saturday as we get back on track.... Thanks for the kind messages. All documented/time stamped via Facebook page on our website!
I Hate My Face Because When I Pass By Someone Cute They Always Look At Me Wrong...
i havnt heard anything but ill let you know when i do
If Chris Hansen walking around the corner doesn't kill you, his interrogation will haha
family Christmas party
We have tweeted as many times as we have followers! Well except this adds another tweet... so come on 37th follower!
Today in Literary History: On May 10, 1749 the 10th and final volume of Henry Fielding's TOM JONES was published.
Millersville Cafe Market, northwest corner of Fall Creek Parkway & Emerson Way, 1 block south of 56th St. 5-8pm every 3rd Thursday
seriously, you've never heard of Conway Twitty? Hartman would be so mad at you. He's an old school country guy.
It's game day .... A must win for the
“: This dude can seriously mix records! Check him out" Thank you Laura! You rock!
Yes no one should ever feel danger again. This how "Brave New World"s get invented.
Coming up tonight at 11 on WHAS11...I caught up with Quentin Snider and the Louisville Magic AAU team. Trust me, the kid puts on a show!
Went and saw #Hugo last night on a whim - and LOVED it. Shame it's getting forgotten in the sea of mediocre movies this holiday season.
Thanks for sharing the PSA!
Me, neither. I can barely breathe for laughing. GOTTA pull some of these for the show. I can think of several uses ;-)
I'm reasonably certain if Bill Simmons hasn't seen it, it hasn't happened.
Women are super guilty of this too!
We don't have many rats in CO... Another reason I don't live in DC or NYC
Being an ugly woman is like being a man: you're gonna have to work.
I hope that's your autocorrect kicking in. lol xo Miss you!
4th Quarter is about to start.. or as I call it "Shit Attack Time"
a record store just opened around the corner from me! yahoo! maybe a bookstore will come next? that would be awesome!
Please email for information.
aw dang I forgot you lived on campus. Come to Turner
Anyone who nominates , will automatically be entered in our contest for a chance to win a KoreFit Gear Package!
Thing about me is im not obligated to deal with nobody games either you get your shit together or get left, I can do bad by my dam self!!
THIS. I totally agree.
LET'S ALL GET HIGH ..grades on exams
Oh man we totally walked by a 4 way hobo fight today. It. Was. Intense.
Everything weighs one per cent less at the equator. #odd facts
Oops! Nice triple Play
RT : I'm against plastic surgery, but it's also horrifying what people are supposed to really look like.
Go Down Moses house mix to start my shift by let's get it in! Peace to my house heads
My mouth is on fire
NOAH YOU RULE. MERRY CHRISTMAS!
we waited long enough..
Rob - thank you for coming to Milwaukee and for blessing my husband so much.
The lady at the #sewing store complimented the very bag I created. Made my day:).
you make me smile.
Stop lying to me! You are a man!!!
interestedin your business model, can you explain?
can't wait for Fiona n holly j's make up sene
well at least you know she like sticks in her mouth..
you and both need to unball <U+270A>your fist <U+270B> and LET MY NUTS GO
Sébestian Tellier's video for Cochon Villa. WOW! Also, the song is fucking dope!
I have two cats <U+E04F>
shout out to for her acceptance to a 6 week program teaching abroad this summer!
THEY SLIPPIN ON DA TALL ONE
thanks again for the wine. Checked as baggage all is good! Nice seeing you.
sounds wonderful.
On the View they were spking.to Kerry Washington about her new show. Asked by Sherri what she thought about being a black leading lady. Why?
My tummy hurts
Can class be over yet? It needs to be tomorrow night so I can go see my bo (; <3
My pleasure, as always!
the council wont screw this Up will they?
More than he can count.
In an episode filled with mediocrity, Jane Lynch should win an Emmy for the pre-hug look she gives Beiste.
I think I love you, I think you loved me
I've learned the hard way that they all say things you wanna hear*
that's a lie L7
ON #DVD THIS THIS WEEK: The Rite, The Rommmate, The Mechanic, and The Other Woman!
***SOLD OUT*** JORDAN AJ 4 RETRO "THE SHOT" ***SOLD OUT***
You know my favorite thing about Twitter, the silent treatment.
Lauren & Bri are playing at Petes Candy Store in BKLYN Friday as a warm up for their show at Arlenes Grocery on 2/5. Come show your love!
watching bridesmaids with my mother in law
Thank you Paula for your support!
Too much energy or attention on only one aspect of life causes stress to increase due to other areas of life being ignored.
Side note: has the most diverse music playlist in history. Touché cube. Touché.
Anyone else thinking of putting "Get off my lawn!" into their Twitter bio? :P
Pretty sure a chair just moved in my house while I'm home alone... I think it's time to call Ghost Adventures in.
About to write the most boring paper I've ever written..
Wow, what is up with guys not treating girls respectful now days?
imy we havent talked in forever
Thank you for sharing this wonderful cause, Sondra! How is your week going so far?
on repeat.
we're in the same chat room.
you suck... im sitting in class from 9-5 listening to lectures.
Stacked night of events. What is everyone looking forward to?
Having a drinkie-poo to wind down
The amount of time I spend waiting on these computers to load ... my brain is rotting.
thank you for the follow Friday! Did I send you a link to my civil rights project?
Oh get those bong juices flowin in my brain WHEEEEE
Nice Shots chicka! Hope all is well!
no new info, this was an overview for a new audience
I love the way we can just look at each other and know that we love each other with out even saying a word.
thanks Ken! hope all is well
Bristol Palin can suck my gay left nut.
please follow me thankss.
Well it's nice to know I've got friends I can depend on .. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Would like to know more about
swiss almonds ice cream is the best for chocolate lovers.
I have survived too much to let something like this take me out
Bought way too many flødeboller (cream fluff covered in chocolate) and got made fun of for purchasing a whole herring for lunch.
MOM: "Are you a monkey?" NEPHEW: "I'm not a monkey! I'm dead."
#sdmayornp "just ask"
- this weekend for the usual Rossetto 4th of July festivities! Momma R. could tell I was distraught & is sending it asap. Phew.
Love brunettes
lol I miss you :)
My mom told me to tell her when someone hurts me and makes me cry so she can beat their a**.
Ah! But this is so cool!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME CARLY!<3
Rehearsals! #NERVOUS!! :/
im back =]
Your child may be an honors student, but You're a moron.
Don't forget to bring my dress! I left it in your closet! The beige and grey one!!! I'm wearing that Easter Sunday. Thanks <3
news from the (job)war front! My boss has been told not to apply for the asst dir position, as she has no experience planning a lib budget.
sounds like a smart child.
cleaning out my home directory, since I hit the quota. How storage flies when you are having fun.
RT : If I played college fantasy football, My name would be LSU's Punch-out! for NES
MLB is turning into an old man's sport. Last night was exciting for all the reasons why it isn't until Sep.
You really should consider proposing your mom' mom-fu as an alternative energy source.
Now comes the part of my day where I pray to god MacDougal isnt here, but I know deep down shes like this evil creature who doesnt ever skip
want to #ff you? #ff this earthling and cam shuffle on www.aaron.tv rt tell your friends!
LOL. Certainly. Starbucks? RT : We'll tip our mugs then :P RT : now we both wish the same ;)
Taxes filed. Not too painful this year. (Kids, we'll file yours this weekend.)
#GettingHEAD AT THE MOMENT
which nickelodeon show are you on?
Also, any cyclist want to be an EXTRA for a student short-film on Sunday, November 20th 8 a.m.
made pancakes tonight m!
#YouCuteAndAllBut but you
KG hasn't lost a single bounce to his step in the playoffs thus far. Amazing.
Alrighty, #TeamAchieve, today it was just 30 minutes of reading for the chapter I'm working on. But I'm working!
lol cause you don't have enough followers
Yahoo recently announced that it will have its content ready in eight regional languages of India by the end of 2012.
Very interesting to see that you have read Pliny The Younger. Not to boast, but I have been called "foremost expert on Pliny."
M. Dunkin Donuts! Hurry up light turn green!!!
I honestly don't know how people raise kids in the city.
Never trust a girl who hangs out with Bill Clinton!
Did you know: 80 percent of children who were chronically absent in kindergarten had been chronically absent in #preK?
~Le fangirls over
Research has proven that exercise helps enhance brain function and independence in the aged.
Does someone in NYC teach midnight yoga? I could really use some midnight yoga
You alone are the judge of your worth and your goal is to discover infinite worth in yourself, no matter what anyone else thinks.
Come to Milwaukee! RT : Chicago
If the party is done right it all sounds like dub-step at the end of the night
oh yessir! Rowin' up in style!
Be grateful for blessings, don't ever change, keep your essence. - 2Pac, Me Against The World
still in spain big themepark tomorrow , wont be back on here till monday album on my phone for the travel back with tashaa!
You need to start tweeting again, we need some inspiration!
- never came to that realization but you are so right. Might put a pic of tee box in my studio
Reading The Now Revolution again by Has very valuable info..
Account Executive for growing Milwaukee office! IT Sales, recruiting, or any hands on IT experience is ideal. Call me ASAP! 608-827-8882
Thanks for the follow. What's your radio show about?
Don't make decisions when you're angry, & don't make promises when you're happy.
Just hid all the eggs for my little cousins to find! Good luck gettin one in the gutter!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
ah heck ya! :D
Yes, its time to shred all those files. No job to big or small
Thanks, lady!
I think I'd rather be knocked the fuck out than have some dude slap the shit out of me... so degrading
iight yo ass don't never text back doe BFF
thanks Francisco!!! we're really glad you liked it - we really appreciate you making it out :)
To all the students who drop out of high school: Remember two things, 1. You tried your best. 2. I don't like onions on my Big Mac.
I hate him more for blowing out Gallardo's knee in 2008, but the home run doesn't help.
sure thing :)
that was short lived
Did back to back shows in ME & MA and left me thirsting for a third.
Thanks! Hope to see you in one of our classes soon. Perhaps Sushi on April 1st?
just put my Royal Oak back on after 7 days and it was correctly on time. Thanks
The Hawks (He's from ATL Anyways) or The #LAkers (Wants to play with Kobe) RT soo...what team yall see howard goin 2 next year?
I just kicked my printer's ass and now it finally works. OK, I actually read the directions and now it finally works.
There are fireworks going off at our apartment complex.
Rain. All. Day. Hope it doesn't affect the signal during the race.
Okay, Q13 just did a MALL WEATHER FORECAST…
If I don't cum... You sucking my toes!!
Happy Easter beautiful!!! Muah!
I had a crazy one too. Eddie Murphy was letting me use his time share in switzerland
"Niggas funny like comics, I'm wealthy nigga, I aint rich"
Not just for sports people... "You miss 100% of the shots you don't make." - Wayne Gretzky
This is going to be a lot harder than I thought, I've always had my family to come home to.
Hello! :) Hope both of you are doing ok.
Good Morning L.A. Happy Thanksgiving eve. In line for coffee + wondering if there are more hipsters in Silverlake or Culver City...hm...
Same here beautiful :) RT : It was good seeing you (:
hey Dave! It's Dylan! It's been a VERY long time haha dunno if u remember me
School... :/ I feel like everyone else is getting out next week but we don't get out until June 7th
Teaching lab section #4 for the week aka need to get some funding
ok i did
So much more satisfying than politics.
thats why you need to come save me so we can do stuff!!!! I wana go see Harry Potter
No. I got back into 3 of my 5 classes. On the waiting list for the other 2. But I was 10th on the list for one, now I'm 26th. FML
I'm to much of an young lady to let you get to me
u hear that 'Welcome To H-Town' Joint ??
pero ya paso por venezuela .. y pork no lo fuiste a ver :(
La Lanterna is having their final clearance sale tomorrow from 10 to 2. Sad to see them go!
I gotta say U.S History be shakinn, We forever clownin in that class....Me, Heze, Bj, x Fred!!!!
Had a Great time last night at the Golden Nugget on the Deck Looking at all the Boats.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "Hey don't you work at Steak n Shake?" Yeah bitch, I have been for a year and a half.
CRASH in Molalla: South Adams Road @ South Claims Road
we look forward to reading this beautiful day in word form!
woke up to a spider skittering across my thigh
work in banking. Wbu?
Wow. Bo Ryan not happy in his interview with the local media. Just a bit defensive.
Americans and world have broken souls We have responsibility to create new institutions that will restore hope. Matthew Dowd at Gathering.
Thanks! It's good to be here! Be in touch with us some time.
"Go to sleep, go to sleep, you are far most gorgeous." Love that commercial.
You too girlfriend!!!
I have just been floored with your Epic Drawings of History! Wanna do a piece for a little indie card game?
So much excitement for #ala12! Stop by the Hachette Booth #2400 for lots of galleys and book talk!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 283
“: Agree. RT : I think closer to stadium, be around the atmosphere of the game” co-sign
getting ready to go jogging with the kids, my role is more a drill sergeant it seems. ^SB
I'm not going back with him, I'm done being stupid! #subtweet #foreveraloneandhappy #ihateyou >:)
that you aren't lonley I am here 4 you
Does unlimited promotion continue after I'm dead? 'Cuz there's no fame like posthumous fame, ya know.
wow she's weird hahahaha ugh i have weird friends ! :D cant wait to see my best guy friend Kris this weekend !!! :) :)
Oh well time to look for a job. Yay. -meeeeeeeeeh sarcasm-
Greetings from Vegas! We're kicking off #interop with giveaways, booth presos and more, stop by booth #1117 for a chance to win a DUCATI!
Happy New Years! A day filled with food and football!
LOL how did you get him to follow you?
no than I want have nun
don't make me laugh before 12. i have a rule against that.
o wow thats cool. Ariana has fans EVERYWHERE lol i hope she tours there 1 day so u can meet her!
Once you have feelings for someone, those feelings will always be there. you may not like them anymore, but you'll still care.
A very big congratulations to and on their chapter of the year awards!
But did we waste our time Or did the time waste us? Is different on this side The other side of love
This is ridiculous.
New mala bracelets & necklaces now in stock! Used for focusing the mind in meditation & prayer. Come in & check 'em out!
Can't possibly cost more than what we pay them to feed their addictions and fantasies.
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite musicians?
RT : The competition is stiff. Do your research before you apply for a job. Joe Guerin
Congrats Elizabeth! Keep up your work out streak! Kevin, wellness director at NR is fabulous if you need some extra motivation!
Another of my personal takeaways from SXSW this year is to focus and scale down to best use limited time and resources.
searching for an HR Manager (multiple locations) GREAT opportunity; excellent $alary
Sounds good! I can;t wait to see it! :)
Choppin it up wit real ass peoples
Stuff sounds great guys! Thanks for the follow and keep up the good work!
Classic Albert Pujols: You can always count on him to draw a meaningless two-out walk in a tight game.
I'm leaving Maui today but I see you all in Phoenix 2/17!
Yes -- important sustainability question. RT : well, it's just a choice of which treadmill you prefer :)
In all 9 years this year will be my trickiest
you best. Those hobos are tricky.
#yostruggleaintreal unless you're homeless or born in bumblefuck Bangkok
I'm also reading Girl w/ Dragon Tattoo since it's on our book club roster in Jan
adore the outfit that Kim is wearing....the shorts are adorable! wonder if I could pull it off...
Dear VH1, Put on some Stevie Tv or all hell will break loose.
I can make it to #ala11 if I get a roommate. If anyone knows they are going and needs a roommate (or knows someone who does) please DM me.
just ordered this. so looking forward to it!!!
Woohoo! I won't tell, good news for you.
Hornets outscored the Bobcats 12-8 in the 3rd quarter. 12-8. No, that's not a typo.
Ok, looking for an Android twitter client that can show multiple accts at once like tweetdeck but does pull to refresh. Picky I know
Done w/ everything in my rear view. What's ahead is far more exciting :)
oh don't worry....u guys will see me again real soon....tell mama I said hi....
I hear you loud and clear, for sure. I feel the same way.
no one needs your sass, Ms Slessman.
Re-stockin on the coke zero
I haven't had a soda in over a month. If I had a soul I would sell it for an ice cold Pepsi right now.
Hart snapped an 0-for-12 with that double.
Tomorrow. Everything will be ok but thank you
A salute to our veterans, active duty personnel and their families from Fun 4th Festival - thanks for all you do!
Good thing my phones charged
Thought blackird was dead, was reminded what dead is when we stepped into lee's....
I must admit, I see some pretty weird shit.
Just realized ill never meet the ICONic Boyz and i live 5 hours away from Denver.
The Birds (1963), The Killer (1989)
If you aren't down with that, we've got two words for ya, "PERFECT MISTAKE"
why do you always do this to me?!
if ever followed me or tweeted me i would ligit die !!!!!!
Only thing worse than doing overtime on a Saturday is later finding out that it's going on next week's 30 hour week. Aka not OT.
I seriously think dogs are sexy ;) like me, no joke!! <3
Ian's snack-food game is tight. RT : Oh, Capri Sun.
Tomorrow is the day to vote for !
"Serious Windows" a new standard in energy efficiency Stay warm this winter Black Forest Remodel&Tile Can Help Portland's Remodeling Experts
Excited to share this blog post by from ~ 3 Big Brands who rocked it out at
Our goal is to move beyond tolerance of other cultures but to learn to celebrate one another and our differences.
Happy Father's Day to all the great dads out there! Hope you got more than ties...
Heat v Cavs, nice!
Am ridiculously excited: ordered my first #MyPillow I hope the infomercial isn't jive. Pillows and my "new" pillowcases: happiness!
Why? Because this isn't the 60s. I'm not that starved of baseball that I'm going to watch two teams I despise because its 'Game of the Week"
We are looking for contestants from Panama, St Brats, St Lucia, St. Maarten Turks & Caicos, US Virgin Islands
If you add bay leafs to the flour container the flour will remain free from moisture.
Trying to find reasonably priced hotels in downtown Nashville and Asheville, NC. Any suggestions?
Went to the Portland trail blazers game The Jazz will be singing the Blues in the Rose Garden.
wow! Harper is living up to the hype! I like what I see! Let's go Nats!!
Tomorrow with >> (:
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Beware - "collaborative family law" is a technical term that involves giving up your right to go to court.
Yeah Buddy!! She got the tour aight!!!!!!! #gamesetmatch #PaulyDProject!
: The friendlier term is "listener" :)
He still has the 7... -Maria
Thanks rick!
I will definitely follow ... wait, on second thought, you don't follow me.
": Gonna take one of them nap things" lololol I love you
Off to do a media interview - will post the results later!
anyone know what helps a sore throat?
and having packing going away handouts then a regular going away hangout
oh why do you make everything so difficult?
Follow--> (aka Ms Hey-Hey-Hey) for great tips on #budgeting & managing money matters.
Jammin' Gem show Saturday 12:30pm at Legend Valley.
#Obama is definitely going for #IonaHoops tonight. See it live TONIGHT!!!
The quintessential archival reference setup: "It would be best if users were naked, working at glass tables with laptops!" (LIS 440)
interesting site, we're building a cloud app Platform (paas) with developer collaboration features, in Beta soon
liz lemon said it best: It's all happening!
hello. Hope u are doing well !
Just did my my to-do list. Let's just say these next couple weeks are going to be hell
Day drinking and pawn stars. I love my days off.
#3WordsForYou tweet me goodnight? (:
Exciting things in the works. Will be a semi - regular on a radio show!
Thanks, Even though April showers are prepping for May flowers, I love your imagery and energy! Stay dry and enjoy TGIF!
Another job interview tomorrow
I'm on my way to Grant High School for the Hollywood Jammers Game. It's still not too late to come join THE GAME and other Celebrities
Check out Whole Living magazine's December issue; article "Hope in a Jar" highlights the recent trend toward fair trade in cosmetics!
: Thanks & we're grateful for the RT's! Looking forward to the fair as well.
In my son's world, drives the bus.
See the documentary Bag It (or don't see it if you've had your fed up with it all quota for the day). #Plastic is so bad.
Get FIVE Sonic Burger for $5.95 today only after 5pm. Only at Sonic #Baltimore located at 8212 Liberty Rd. Not valid w/ other Discounts
Haha yes! I love to learn by trying to break.
dae_licious I think.you following me already
. Thank you for the wisdom.
Rev Kim Burrell singing, "A Change Gonna Come." I wil never be the same. Thank you for that gift!
Remember, if you're attending the Dem Party of NM pre-primary convention this Saturday, tweet along with us using
I can't tiny chat either. I'm using my iPod and tiny chat doesn't work with it. :/
Ha ha jokes on you! its always been this size
If business isn't fun...start a different business!
A block from my house, yikes! RT : Robbery at 3:15 - 12th/E Sts NE - Force/violence. Via Be careful. Creeps out there.
For those that have been waiting for years like me - THE WAIT IS OVER! Saw the LOVED IT - Will probably see it again!
Why don't you retweet yourself? What could possibly be the harm? Would be better if it were like updates with comments.
Going Too Philly This Weekend
elbow to Teves chin and kicked Aguero right after, yeah it was deserved.
haha! Looks like you're really having fun. And thats good! :] love you :*
Loving how neo-liberal think tanks like can hide behind vague positive sounding language like #CenterForEducationReform?
The more you focus on what someone else is doing, you miss your own stock dropping...
Have you considered that it isn't so much that twitter is about people being assholes; As that you've chose to follow a lot of...
can you help get to notice me?? And you ????
Include grandparents, other relatives, and friends whenever possible.
Patience is what seperates a woman from a girl and a man from a boy!!
Only you <U+2665>
yay omg I'm so stinkin excited!!!!
his best, Mike Tysons right uppercut was utterly devastating.....I'm surprised no one died from it....
smh..what's your screen name and i'll help you
i was JUST talking about you earlier today! I think I'm going out Wed. if u wanna join! p.s. you should come on our Nash trip!!
MICA kids still needing to pick up your shirt: We will be in Dolphin printing more goodies tonight from 6-8. Stop by!
dont be sending me stupid ass spam what the fuck wrong with you
"4/21 is national surprise drug test day." Lmfao I died reading that..." Lmao !!!
I cannot believe I ever smoked.
ya whatever
Is thankful. Goodnight world! :)
: PGH native to host inaugural race for #alopecia areata. Feel free to chat about us. :) We would love your support!
Well, it's Jan. 4th and the first work day of 2010. Glad that I am not hung-over and that I have lots of coffee. Everyone have a great day!
I hear it went well.
I'm laughing, but also thinking this is carrying the internet thing a tad too far!
I'm reading now
and I just watched that David Beckham commercial 4 times.
it's based off of Shakespeare's play Julius Ceaser
Going to take some zines from the distro to donate to the library at tomorrow!
Cool! Can you turn up the live stream volume?
The super is not entertaining!
He Who Hesitates Is Lost ~ Proverb
Even the dog passed out while trying to get this movie playing - should it be this hard to pay?
I'm tryna get on yo level
Don't miss tomorrow's 8:30am Master Series with librarians Betsy Fagin, Mandy Henk, and Zachary Loeb.
Hubspot has found that the optimum number of tweets per day is 22 for attracting followers. They have to be unique though, no repeating.
Within our dreams and aspirations we find our opportunities.~ Sue Ebaugh
hey we got home safe! Thanx 4 the good time.
Florida Keys. Bitches.
my 8,888th tweet goes out to for being that guy who texts you then doesn't respond back for hours. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Many people work all their lives and dislike what they do for a living. In fact, I was astounded to see a recent USA Today survey that said
Yes I drink. Yes I smoke. No I don't give a fuck.
Join my community of #filmmakers! Film Forward takes over!
#whatswrong with our justice system. Does anybody else feel angry about the verdict even though you dont care about her either way?
Super! Funny that we will see each other in DC rather than Philly.
Hope to see you at on the 21st for show.
yes!! First one of the season vs SF
I'm good at that, too - the "chameleon" thing, that is. Also very conscious of speech registers b/c of where I grew up
We have a lot of upcoming events in December! Check out our website for more information: www.sincitycrossfit.com.
Going to the Spaghetti Warehouse this weekend. Heard so much about it but never been. Looking forward to it.
Wishing I could freeze time because I just had one of those perfect moments I wish never ended...
we have party buses every Thursday night leaving from UNT to #CowboysThursday. Have you heard?
Tried a lamb gyro for the first time today. It was really good, but super messy.
House is packed n I'm slowly suffocatin grrrrrr
Hey buddy, how late does the band play? "Oh, about a half a beat behind the drummer."
Glad I made the cut...or did I lol
love #underneath #nevercloseoureyes #cuckoo #trespassing #brokenenglish love the whole cd really
Thank you Kickstarter for becoming the new tech invention convention center. How very not interesting anymore.
haha you're just pissy cuz nobody came to see how pretty you look haha
Deactivated my facebobok. c:
says free shipping on "qualifying" orders. So, bc I'm a bargain hunter on a budget, I'm penalized with $20 in shipping? Makes sense.
Woke up this morning with a text from my boyfriend saying "Goodmorning Fat Head"
Sorry, didn't see the response .... It is normal but there are times I think all the asthma meds make him more so...
LA rules!!
Loved the new Gurkha Crest. Great stick!
Beautiful snowy day in St Pete. Taking the train 2 a village in the region 2 serve family. Drug addicts & a newborn.
the new 6th grader are rude and need to get some manners -____- lil fuckers better watch it.
Nf follower her or die,lml
Job interview tomorrow :) working on laundry now!!
Power lectures are a great time to catch up on sleep
excited cus i just made my first vlog but pissed off cus i made a stop motion and youtube wont let me upload it cus of some UMB thing
Im bout to wlk to walmart n get chips with all these pennies...
Remember when coffee was simple and reliable? Now there's 80 different names and frankly its only slightly different.
it's dangerous out there. have a fun & safe holiday weekend! xoxo
It's not whether you win or lose but how you place the blame.
Oakland intersections taken over smoke being seen in the streets 1000s marching marchers masking up ..
it's the calm before the storm. Take an umbrella!
if you are a clothing brand and wish to submit your Line to us for consideration please email us at
What's the verdict on lunch from yesterday?
I understand. Sometimes we set standards or we often tell that this is my type but you'll end up finding someone that not your type.
thanks for the info. How are you doing these days?
Thank you, friend.
belated congrats!
I usually follow it up with a you're welcome. Become the a-hole.
yes it is. i often i feel like i act like a teenager.
awesome! I can't wait for this Cart to open!
back in L.A already? You work hard. Much respect.
one Of the Baddest Chick I'm Following...
And the title of said flick is... ? :)
The Raiders are looking at another QB, why not. No reason to stop the bleeding now.
Is that tour with Mistic Monsters real?Or is it something fans did?
Send a picture to Manic Panic!
You're as up and down as a rollercoaster
I like some of his stuff and I'll probably get blasted for this but I think he's extremely over rated!
SO SICK OF QUITTERS ON LIFE .WHEN PEOPLE ARE FIGHTING SUPER HARD TO STAY ALIVE .NOW MAKE. THIS TREND.
Ordered glasses just yesterday, received confirmation for delivery tmrw... AWESOME. :) Definitely going to nab sunnies, too!
From what I have heard there are a number of very unhappy people in the area.
The IPO is expected to be the largest ever for an Internet company--by a whole bunch.
Whitney's service is so MOVING. RIP my Sister. RIEP.
Come on Georgia
im off to la playa :)
You know your a #MINORITY when the whole class is talking and the teacher singles you out
Lil d dont want to fix me a gyros he is so fucking rude
thanks so much! I'm really glad you dig it :]
valentines day fed me for 18 yrs so yea i got some stock in it. for those who say everyday should be valentine's day ITS A HOLIDAY DUMBASS!
YouTube taught us that shit
My opinion is here. Quit asking for my opinion in order to sell me your stupid shit. Read my posts, go away and quit trying to sell crap.
Legit took 100 pictures in the gumby suit today unreal Where will gumby show up next? Be prepared
It takes so long for my hair to dry!
If you're not already, follow our guy He's got some good parties happening in the near future.
dang... so sorry to hear about Derrick Rose's injury.
I can; just like with one's trans-identity, I'd so support the sections being self-identified and created. Website?
I got 70mg Adderral who need that
Age is just a number... Unless you're 17 and hes 32...then its just so damn creepy...
Finally a shaved head!
We are not Israel! Thank you for having Reza Marashi on your show : The U.S. efforts to halt Iran's nuclear program
Lord let me have a wonderful, progressive, productive, and enlightening week with no stress, just happiness :-)
If you fuckin give my nigga some..
#RIPChrisBrown is trending? He must have finally had a match VS
After the calls from my fam having a night last night edens lounge, I gotta watch my $ team retain the crown at 2nite!
Sounds interesting. If it's a donut shop I wonder if has checked it out.
im here bro :O
Update..Crazy Republican Prince Brown filed for wrong seat, actually running against Darren Soto in SD14.
Check your DM
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently — Henry Ford
Thanks mon frere—that means brother in French. I don't know how I know that, I took three years of spanish.
Ask yourself: What is it that you want to do with your life? Now ask yourself: Why aren't you doing it?
RT My #marchwish is that everyone starting living life and have fun! Cuz life is to short not to have fun and enjoy it!
So hard to leave my amazing room , but I should go conferencing. Hm...
Build for your future...the past should be your motivation for tomorrow!
Q2 #libchat and backup space! once you digitize all that stuff make sure you keep it safe against failed hardware, etc.
Off to downtown DC for the #Caps home opener later tonight. GO CAPS!
o for the late response! We will let the Chef know!
Austin likes cupcakes! Believe me, he told me himself.. <U+2665> RT if you like cupcakes too (;
That's why you need to visit NYC....bagel country :)
Meet & Match Speed Dating Event March 10th..RSVP www.tri-statespeeddating.com
Why Not?
Can't spell America without ERIC
Yw, Hugo always has interesting perspectives. It's a question I've wondered about myself
If you do that and it fails, you have no immediate future and no flexibility. Although it is a tantalizing thought....
No problem bebe ;D
Happy birthday (man) aging editor !!!
#RobWilson is a gentleman.
I don't understand why some girls dress up to go on a plane....
can't wait!! Every Friday I fall in love all over! ;)
safe journey my friend
Thanks for following! Have a great weekend. Tom
in here to, i'm going back sometime later on
And where the fuck is Kris Allen? Still playing clubs and bars and probably watching the oscars in his own home
should follow me. The biebenator needs some guy fans :P
Follow back? #TeamMahone :)
Thanks for the mention!!
Pumped up for this practice session with Patron Saint
I can't explain or define 'gay face' but I assure you: it's a thing that exists. It's like the Aurora Borealis.You know it when you see it.
Well ur off to a great start! Keep pushing and maybe I'll get the chance to play guitar with u someday! Best VOo
skinny girls eat so DAMN much!!
actually there is no legal definition of loitering for the state of Texas.
ND is 8-5 in Kelly's second year. Great coaches typically make their splash in their second year. Looks like Kelly isn't the savior.
We need to talk. Like soon.
Lolsss so I just did some of the funniest shit :-)
U can see the truth a whole lot better with the LIGHTS ON!
Back to the ol' laptop to work on screenplays. 5 day weekends are so rare for something so welcomed.
I'm sorry... You know you mean the fucking world to me<3
I didn't know that.
I can't believe I'm actually on Twitter....will need to summon my Inner Editor.
120 Scrum teams! 3 customers releases per year! 900 internal releases every year! I'm exhausted just writing about Salesforce.
there's a FB group?
More Google trouble - programmer <U+200E>reverse engineer Google search engine results ranking algorithm on PR News
Lobster machine at #mullens #pittsburgh is bogus. 20 dollars later we decide this.
I could not be more excited that is officially joining The X Factor! It's going to be the best thing ever!
Sweet!! I got no school Wednesday and Thursday, ill be at citi field wednesday
": "I wish there was a more convenient way to stalk others"- The phrase that started Facebook!"
both, and the metamorphosis part.
Poor KP has strep... Again <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
#coveredinoconnell, inside and out.
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soup of the day are butternut squash and potato leek. Sugar free lemonade is blueberry mint.
many blessings to you trina
Sometimes I wish I had big boobs.
#kids Get Rhythm! A family performance: Resonance with Celeta Hickman: Get Rhythm! A family performance: Resonance with Celeta Hickman...
My brother picked up someone elses jacket at prom and that dude has his jacket which has his car keys in it. GREAT
So bus trouble...looks like we might not be gettin there for a while
Wooh.. had a rough day... Sitting on the couch with my laptop is wellness for the soul right now!
Haha hopper? ": Just reading about another clothing line based on a dead celebrity, are we that out of ideas people?"
I won something tonight(iPod touch)! :D already have one tho, but ima give my old one to my cousin...I'm a good person
did u not read my last tweet??? U are so dumb. I rooted for the knicks back when they had beef wit the pacers. Now shut up!
Well I have been texting you thanks for telling me
math is also something Mitt doesn't believe in
You two know each other?! Small world. Jeremy, Carrie was my nanny when I was a kid! Haha. :)
Lamar Odom is probably being tucked in bed like a baby by his sweet wife Khloe
Had a great meeting this morning. Looks like I am talking a share of a catamaran:-))
Thanks for the follow...but thank you so much more for the wisdom and light you have brought into this world and to me. Namaste
baby,im srry
I'd rather kick it with u tonight ma
Hey Kids, Good news! Now that the tests are finished you can stop learning!
ok, if wants in you're both in. If not, both are yours & you can invite whoever. Email .
Then why do you think that?
Good luck! :)
Act two digs deeper into the personal relationships of the characters. Really great.
It's midnight. Time to bunt myself over to the closet for some Scotch.
just interviewed a candidate who dropped working at dragon*con into conversation. excellent.
grab your bottle and blow on in here! Pittsburgh is WINDY tonight!
So it's a beautiful day and is having a festival and I'm working. *pout*
Thank you, my friend. That means a great deal to me. :)
This nigga used to grab me by my throat push me up against the wall and say Bitch where you been??? I melted every time! Squirt every where!
just twitter me beforehand in case game is still too short handed and I can let you know
Don't have to be anywhere til Sunday midnight, anyway. Or is that Monday midnight? The next one, regardless.
We all miss you! :)
I'm glad... I found something for your bracelet... I'm just waiting for it to come in at this point...
Happy Monday!!
CONTEST: Tell us where we should eat for lunch. Winner receives our undying gratitude.
": so apparently some jawn got caught sucking dick ... in class o.O #thefuckery" ctfu that's ratchet.
LoL. Opposite here! It's freezing! I'd trade ya haha
I can't wait to see it :) x
"based means you have somebody you can trust"
to buy an ipad or to wait... ah!
Good Morning
Life's most persistent and urgent question is: What are you doing for others? Happy Martin Luther King Day
I am very happy in Chicago.
We know of some beast artist like As We Set Fire, Epitome of the Weak,I Am Barricadian (Official), and Silence is a Burden.
Dreams are made into a reality when you believe that anything is possible when you put your mind to it. Never think negative stay positive
Thanks, Eric! I appreciate it!
Definitely won't be at #manup2012, but definitely will be "manning up" tomorrow. My second son is being born!!
This "Hold Steady" Pandora channel has been a reliable programming buddy for at least a week. Good mix of stuff.
Pey..I'm already in love with you..<21
got everything ready to head out early for Mom's Weekend at #WSU. Dawgs on the road, watch out! Can't wait to see u!
I love Shark Tank. Love it with me!
well said!
Ah, but I didn't write that post. did that one.
Who moved my cheese?
I'll 2nd that!!! #theeasylife ": I wish I could hunt and fish for a living. Even more than play soccer......"
what is Maria's txt number?
Tigers baby
Citation emergency - if I'm omitting the end of a long 19th century title but it ends in &c. do I use 4 dots in my ellipses or only 3?! Gah
Got my cap and gown today!! #graduation <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
dude take a hint
The Casuals will be tuned in.
follow back..
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again. Joseph Campbell
Thanks, Im going to try to make it back! Having Santa Ana wind issues !
r u stayin after school
I don't understand why I get this way every time I'm alone. After 19 years, I should be used to it...
“Resolved – never to do anything which I would be afraid to do if it were the last hour of my life.” —Jonathan Edwards
i did the same. so shh.
singing f*cked up songs on youtube !!
Im not down with the #yolo movement..
Love that thinks of its Facebook page as a party. Well put.
I was about order a necklace when I realized I have two silent auction items to pay for. No more fun money for me. :( DAMN MY CHARITY!
was that u with the questionable tshirt selection @ 24hrfitness? gl in the main!
I so feel your pain. I am in exactly the same situation now - although I tell myself it's mostly my husband's stuff. ;)
show tonight!! Stoked!
Texas is ready for the in April us #ICONiac and #GRANDer fans love u deep down to earth iconic boyz anyone else ready in Texas?
Call me bitter, but.. Fuck people who support wack shit and never show me any love
I know - when I speak I always say bullying of kids by ADULTS is growing - the world will NOT tolerate our kids. :(
Thanks Alecia! Enjoy your week!
every night i start thinking about college and i get super excited yet super nervous.
I bet I won some stuff! Woo hoo! Thanks for the gathering.
Thanks for the follow...
This looks seriously good!
hi Adam! How r u? ;) hey will u play with Jeremy on Wednesday? On Facebook?
hey what's up how you been
When a guy likes you he'll text you a lot, stay up every night with you, compliment you, and always have time for u.
<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> I end up with the one who is perfect for me...
C's need to STOP MISSING. It's starting to come back to bite them.
- Love that you can do half stars for ratings : Beer apps/mobile sites you actually use (besides ). Go
saw your feature in the Miami daily. WOOT! :D
And I think that concludes tonight's story time/rambling.
yes. Love those others. This one just seems slow.
A boy can learn a lot from a dog: obedience, loyalty, and the importance of turning around three times before lying down. — Robert Benchley
start tonight !! Free vodka 10-11p. $5 Sex on the Beach drinks, $5 Screaming Orgasm shots ALL NIGHT! Show at 1am!!
Father of a Commerce City baby presumed dead talks to CBS 4. The phone call he got from the baby's mother from jail. Tonight at 5.
Getting ready for tomorrow night;)
Thanks for tweeting in english #swwaw so I can follow along!
Getting a major in drama will only give you cred to teach, it probably won't help to pull your career forward.
Breakfast for dinner. Yum!
I am le tired.
Dear this kid in line behind me for Avengers, please notice this letter is addressed to the kid BEHIND me. Let's keep it that way.
YES! Tons of quarter lifers out there! Check out the 4 gutsy girls blogging about their QLCs @ stratejoy.com Share a laugh & connect
Finale is inching about but delayed again, we just got booked to work on another film for the next week! I guess that's good & bad news.
Yeah r u.. nahoyyyoo
#NiallYourBeautiful in every single way !! :D xx
everybody's starry eyed
#JayZSyncShow hands down best concert i have ever seen streamed
croatia - san fran - mexico ?
And apparently he's gay now, too.
Big photo shoot today!
SURF REPORT: (Pacific Beach) 1-2 ft ankle to knee high POOR CONDITIONS
yes! I'll invite you! Just come down to Miami ;)
Now discussing what the ASECS DH Caucus is/should be/should do.
Helping at Aroma Thyme Bistros soup kitcken
''I just discovered the greatest show ever, it's called bear whisper!'' -overheard at NAU
Thank you for joining us! It was a pleasure chatting w/you and all the ladies
not receiving replies... reply page all messed up... Can somone reply so I can test this out? Any1 having the same issues? thanks
Here's some real talk, will win #TheVoice this year, lock it down
The old 80/20 rule is becoming 90/10 in the new millenium for many organizations.
All I spend my fckin money on is gas n cigs fuck has prices
pretty day day today. finally.
"I'm not a hipster. I don't even ride a bike. I walk."
Cowbells and Beer! And a win for MS STATE! #hailstate #GoDawgs Oh, and Jager Bombs!
looky what made a comeback Tweason Ale..brewed with honey and wild strawberries..and its gluten free...Tasty too
Be specific with your points when writing persuasive content.
I'm avoiding work today. Yay.
awww im sorry:/
Where will you be Monday night? We hope it's with us!
No happiness.
3" innings from YoGo. Leaves 6-2 w/2 on. Not the start I was hoping for.
I'm a big fan of the splitter. If I were a pitcher, I'd just want a FB, change and splitter. You can kill if you excell at them.
Watching the rain drops race on the window. Some of them are olympians and some are turtles...
Great Turn out at Franklin Park today! See you soon!
I'd give Jay Beagle a 7 on that dive.
thanks for following me. I look forward to your tweets.
Need Promo Reps in Dover, DE at the speedway this Saturday and Sunday, email for more info!
Daniel Thomas: Thomas runs effectively in Week 6 vs. Jets
Sonic the head hog
First Smithsonian, & now the #google after-party for the white house correspondents dinner tonight! #thirstdc & sexy nerds cc
Happy New Year !!!
Terrible cell issues today. Not sure if it's the device or the service.
i understand by why wasn't this already done? the whole things seems archaic / barbaric. in this day and age?!?
RT : Operations Manager & Orchestrator: Better Together | Software Logic...
Pic should be attached
Fuck tami she aint hard !! If your going to act like your this hard itch that don't take shit.. Walk the walk hoe don't just park
How large or small is your recruiting team?
"When I had no secrets, I fell in love with everyone"--a line from Lola Pierson's "A Day by Yourself" being read at Liam's right now.
Shit I'm just getting more and more stressed. Dammit. This wasn't supposed to happen.
IF U NOT ONE OF DA GUYZ IM NOT ROCKING WIDD U
A quiet Sunday, tomorrow I have a lot of work !!
Tired as shit
landed 20 mins early on Flt 415 in SAN. Still sitting on tarmac 45 mins ltr. What's point of arriving early if gate's not ready?
My new website is now live - check out www.bhavalshahbell.com! Discover vivid "geographical portraits" / map paintings.
RT BREAKING: reports from city admin- OPD's top cop, Anthony Batts, resigns
True friendship isn't about being there when it's convenient; it's about being there when it's not.
Pepsi Launches First Global Campaign, &quot;Live For Now&quot;
Raising cane??
awe hope ur week gets better
RT : - my reply to just about EVERYTHING that i don't give a fuck about; "Oh, okay. that's cool too."
Hey Chris! Great to bump into you on twitter. Hope you are doing well!
I figured you were. My favorite part is the NFC or AFC in the stitching on the underside of the bill.
you'll catch that from time to time lol as long as they supported
That's what I said right? :)
*blush* thank you.
I feel like a fuckin genius after finishing all of my homework :D I finally understand what I've been taught
I would never turn down a hug from Josh, mostly bc 9-year-old me thinks he's the Burger King.
“: Mitt Romney saved Detroit the same way Newt Gingrich saved marriage.”
Wish I had that one special person I could talk to for hours :/ #foreveralone ;/
I'd think so... Don't tell anyone but they deliver to me at Folsom/Beale at least 2 times a week.
ok good! see you later
We're excited for tomorrow's Los Angeles Triathlon! Good luck athletes! #LA Triathlon
RT : 2 great options for investing are Stocks & Govt Bonds/Stocks are more of a risk but can have a greater reward!
Free Income Tax Filing Day at GTWT this Saturday! Call the office to make an appointment 323-526-3039
Skinny jeans are like calories. Easy to put on, but impossible to take off.
all u talkin bout is sombody tring to play u... Stop fuckin wit'em then
It was good to put a real life person to the Twitter handle, even if I never got around to saying hello :)
you're a copier :)
badboi grimey gates getting black balled we bout to go crazy on this industry rip gbaby rip nutso fuck these niggas
are we done now that your new friends are there?
": #Brewers hearing that Jimmy Rollins is staying with Phillies' this is great news. Hopefully its true.
Running is not recommended until at least 3 months, ideally 6 and in a perfect world, 9 months. Know why?
Nothing, haha and u?
Gotta give props to for taking on Jamie Dimon & NARTH in one episode
Job interview today
#LCLAX We love you guys! Great season! You are all Champs!!!
Just gave away tickets to see on . Hopefully he reads this and we become best friends forever. More tix all week.
has produced such a boring stir-fry. How could this happen? There is general despair.
What have I become?
"The idea that devices.. will make bookstores obsolete is nonsense."(-Wiiliam Lynch Jr.) Aaaaahhhhh.
make sure to bring that energy to the city
I am at the Omni Shoreham Hotel in DC for the genetics conference. The student symposium starts at 1pm.
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful Mother's from all of us at "The Proud One"~~~Proud May Restaurant!
My favorite song
well u never texted back -_-
If I had a gun and shot it at your face, would you promise not to get out of the way?
Love friendships built on honesty
Packer Fans - I love you all!
I have somehow managed to take 2 naps today.
How have you been? Haven't seen you in a while!
SHOUT OUT TO THE AMAZING and !! XOXO
Beiber?! I'm so lost.
I don't know about y'all but it comes pretty natural to me. #smh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I totally just uploaded my view from the couch to instagram an hour ago
what up
please follow me cutie c:
I hope so. RT : ., , : If you go #paleo, must you dress like a Flintstone and gnaw on bones?
thanks for the s/o!
I wonder if he would tolerate it
La Mariposa Bilingual Puppet Show @ The Nan! Folktale of a butterfly’s transformation. Ages 5+. Jan 14th 2-3. Call 594-5365 to register.
Happy President's Day
Thanks for following , , , and
okay there, GOODNIGHT.:]
Fell asleep reading a cookbook
I'm serious lol
Swag me out
We are live people, Sign up today!!!!!!!!! and increase your chance of winning
Durin the summer I better not see any of the people from school
I really hope this guy at the gym thinks I'm staring at him I'm just trying to watch the u of I and msu game...awkward
Although I am aware of the admixture that most of us are comprised of, the majority of my makeup is of African descent.
I'm on it.
Oh there will b no shortage of Gaucho fare to go around! Hope all is shaping up 4 #ISum11, guest list for party growing daily
Nice Nashville
Hey friends, any of you going to the brewers game tomorrow?
Hey doll! Been so busy, I havnt even had time to tweet! Ugh the life of a busy girl. Lol how ya doin?
With the Deal of the Week, getting Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory via direct download is in my mind. Is the MP still available?
I have mine ordered and on its way!
"People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves."
All mason everything... symbology is ever present. Which means egytology is ever present
About to head over to editor's studio to view footage and meet up with visual effects artist; fun is really beginning.
thx for the props
i keep it
me too
and a lot of those D members are going to be looking at the vote totals in their district and be hesitant to undo.
Yes, and it will be made out of twine and vintage fabric scraps.
END the FED before it ENDS the USA!!
Your account is eat funnier than mine damn it
do yuh know why!?:/
I want it all back
RT (S)(W)(A)(G) = Silly Wannabes Acting Gangster. So yeah, go get your "swag" on
thanks Dora! :')
I don't know why I put my in the message i sent you but just avoid it! lol
"No one can offer only a half-hearted commitment to any of life's choices and challenges if they expect to master it and emerge a truly...
My Mom leaked my new record in Columbus to a few DJs but its startin to pick up so im not mad at all
Thank you to for being my 200th follower!!
is a BEAST
Thank gawd I have a ride today. *gets back into bed*
Hey everyone? Besides , what's your favorite #steampunk #webcomic?
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
my friends boyfriend chased me around my kitchen
well - this isn't the same as a "cute text before bed" - but I love your tweets & you are a cutie! :)
Happy Thanksgiving!
Bet Them Neighbors know My name (: Trey Songzz
Tears rolling down my face heavily so I smoked one.
Haha sorry! we just got back to Barcelona yesterday. We went on a cruise!! :) but you didn't invite me to the beach..psh!
Silver Cuff is a New Tradition for First-Time Moms on Mother's Day - PR Web (press release)
LMFAOOO dying at situation right now.
Thanks for the RT!
Yea I remember when I caught my first oop haha
I'm still upset at the fact that Rose let go of Jack.
If you're a champion, you have to have it in your heart. -Chris Evert
Tax holiday witnesses: 2 from economic think tanks oppose, CO Retail Council supports.
so i can come?
Totally. Big swerve: FBI agent Vic Mackey enlists the Sons to take down the corrupt CIA/Galindo mess.
RT if you want 20x lists!! (Must be following me first) I can also give you 30+ followers!! :)
Cheesecake, peach cobbler, and sweet potato pie...
While your on twitter can you please follow me?:D #Mahomie4Life <3
It's the end of the season, and you know what that means: load up on crafty before I am officially unemployed and starving.
You've been hacked buddy
Shit this workout is bout to be killer but I got a lot of motivation and determination behind this....
That moment when you have to pee so bad but you're in class in the middle of a test.
RT Shooting the "Urban Rebounding" exercise video today.
I agree with you and I've had the same experience. I think it's about being open to new ways of connecting with people.
let me know how I can help you in the future....I'm coming to omg sometime this week
u ran into Shanell at the gym? Awww man I wish I was with her lol
your heart/facts R in right place on this, but what Romney is doing on "nice" issue is way to win. You want that, right?
loved it last night - thanks gals!
love that guy son much!! Ever since I saw all u guys in Reno Nevada!!
5/10 - LCE Senior Medicare Patrol presents at Sunrise Senior Living 5111 Connecticut Ave NW. Topic is identity theft.
where??? Swear I never see u at all in school<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>this weekend were hanging out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Anyone else have exams this week?
Ren & Stimpy. The older WB stuff (Bugs, Daffy/Porky when they were really funny). And the classic: Rikki Tikki Tavi.
Come on, share it.
Depends on the vendor, usually more advanced than hubs, but definitely not the same as a stand-alone switch.
Cure for crappy hotel TV is streaming some Breaking Bad from Netflix using #ATT 4GLTE. Looks better than streaming over the free WiFi.
you arent on the floor from this morning still??
yea! goodnight tweet me tomarrow or something :)
Ploy to get more? Site says Sale ends 4-4-12 11:59PM RT Last chance 2 get tickets at a low price. They go up tm.
hey what are u drinking on? B
You have not come to this earth plane to settle for less. You have a right to joy, love and
let me try to fix it
just got locked out of facebook account pissed
#marymiss goal for cities is to think of artists as resources they can turn to to engage people on issues
thank you :)
The key is to say NO! Unless you discount for me!! :) You stood up to one bully!! Take them down one at a time :)
well I have insomnia but if you need someone to talk to we can talk beautiful :)
Our summer hours have started! We are now open on Tuesdays from 12-5, Wednesday-Saturday 12-8 and Sunday 12-5!
Swam for the 1st time since Oct. Wow, not easy: required nap. 41 days
Eleven more days to go.
Every time we get another 100 followers, we're going to give away a FREE Small Plate! Including the Jumbo Scallops and Palm Beach Crab Cake!
Doubt it. RT Let's see if these DA live Dalai Lama tweets are as good as my in-game tweets.
As a Sabres fan, our players should be craving this moment that Boston has now
yep. it was nice getting outdoors. I was stressing this morning. getting house in order will help me be less stressed
Who decided it was okay to stop making totem poles? Fuck that guy.
RT Oh I love this time of year! // Me too !
Hope this five hours energy kicks in soon#off to the gym
oh such sweet words hon you are cool
I'm not dark, I was just slightly over cooked ! ;P lmao
lol today was crazy
Thanks for the mention and Happy Holidays.
Well damn I missed you this morning, Rise & Grind my dear! Happy #BLUEBLOODS friday, woot woot!!
I see my future in my mind and I am gradually walking toward it stumbling and falling many times and stopping to fix things along the way
Came to the realization that I won't have a date to prom.
That moment when your really angry that your eyes start to tear up..... >.<
the mikhail girls love you back. you and ur sister are family. dora will be happy to hear of this :)
Sounds fun! Which drive-in?
Name the first song that pops into your head right now...did it make you smile? What would life be like w/o any music to fill your head.
The reason marijuana is illegal is because in the 30's cotton growers lobbied against hemp farmers
Trying to get home? Bus broke down on N Lights/Denali and also on a street/ N lights
#Authors and #Writers worth the follow!!
I adore you mom!with you i'm becoming better in my life and stronger!you are all what a daughter would ask and need!i <U+2665> you...
Older woman can have kids!!! All I want is the mans eternal happiness, so who cares I guess.
and its MONSTAR TIME
Pittsburgh Marathon this weekend makes #Point_State_Park #Port-a-John city.
not yet, but conserving water now will sure help prevent one in the future! Especially as we roll into dry months.
how to market that great app idea to potential clients or investors - any ideas?
Holy god that is genius.
you're a good girl, I've always told you that
Been out in the rain with the doggies! It's glorious! And VERY wet out there!!!
lot of ppl given the choice wld take the hair and money-of course,w/o some hair & $, you'd never get a chance-Sad or Not?
been there and done that - look at it as good traffic experience for Michael
Seriously, I should have bought stock in Walgreens.
nt sure why, but <3 that has an "aloha" subdomain
also, where are you working?
Chad Billingsley incredibly inconsistent and unreliable against an awful team...I would have never guessed
HIWI:Ike on sale this week for $14.99. Only at Bliss on 19th in the Heights. Bliss on 19th has been a big HIWI supporter.
Happy birthday homme. May you enjoy your 122nd birthday to the fullest and live to see many more. Pop the bottles and celebrate.
Pretty sure the kids that outside my window that were doing the soccer chant for Seven Nation Army have no idea it's a White Stripes song
Looking forward to seeing you all at #ASTD2012 next week. Make sure you stop by the booth and say, "Hi"
. don't think it can be done by material type collection by collection (& institution by institution)
Countdown to the 2012 Black & White Diamonds & Jeans Party! My "carriage" is leaving in roughly 2 hours :)
That AP stats test wasn't so hard after all. Might pass my first one...
I don't care how unreasonable I'm being, I'm right
Trapped in this house till the baby comes -__-"
hey txt me
Things r finally getting interesting! Its time to go for broke!
you're already in a match right now (zah-ji)
UGH! The megabus dude is flirting with me. I've been on SUCH a roll since I cut my hair
Thanks for sharing!
RT : I will follow you for all time.
Hi Dustin thanks thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show and Merry Christmas.
RIP Jack Layton
yes just about everyone wants instant success, even with great tools, it takes time to build something of worth.
WOW: What's next Yoohoo & Fanta ===> : Eating raw cookie dough because I'm a bad ass
If John Mellencamp played 3rd base and hit cleanup, he'd go 5-5 every game with 5 homeruns
All these weak ass rules let these mfs play
What's a fly ass girl with such a fly ass doing in a place like this?
Parks and Rec!
This is might be my favorite group of people in a single room ever.
I'm so sick, I feel so awful :( how am I gonna have the energy for practice? -.-
To a certain extent of course
All you haters need to go somewhere
I got my wisdom teeth out, and my teef hurt too
RT : Well this sucks...I accidentally enabled location on my tweets.
Knows who i tweet about all the time!
Shut up
thanks, jeff! hope all is well at very exciting month!! :)
:) He always stalks me!!!
O. Thank you for the inclusion.
following! :D
please call me before the world ends
aww my old roomy love her!
Prince William climate case judge already anticipating the appeal - Washington Post (blog)
If you want to be a Pepper, then be a Pepper. Just please don't tell me you like DP.
what it do ms.lady
Parting thought: The Black Keys were exquisite, but these allergies are not.
Heavy dew this morning slowing us down. When dry placing packing tape over the chip keeps it dry for a better repair.
he's holding me hostage lol, tf im ready to go!
I've already played I Wanna Dance with Somebody 34 times. It's been two days.
Amazing! RT OH "Yeah but if your dick tasted like that..." (re: Southern Tier Creme Brulee)
I had the best morning run. I must remember how amazing it feels to start the day this way. Feeling incredible.
Great ministry time at Christ for the Nations! Still having jet lag from China. Heading home now--my tempurpedic bed is calling!
sounds good lay it on me.
And all that remains is the arms of the angels...
link works on the computer
The best part is when you realize you are in over your head and push on anyways. That's when you know you are committed to it.
Happy Sunday all you tweeters
almost over? City ahead 3-2? Not sure espn mobile is updating.
you are just awesome. xoxo “: Had an Epic day yesterday shooting with #AntoineFuqua and being part of web series ?..
Go get'it girl! You'll do fab. I am pulling for you!
San diego to LA in 63 min. and 28 mpg in a V6...woohoo! Fight On!
I want all the ppl I love to be as happy & secure in themselves as I am right now. Still learnin still growin & it feels so good.
Corey Thompson makes this not hurt
the clowns are just responding to the idiots moderating the debate. Let's have some substance.
I'm finally on Twitter! Excited to connect with all the Tweeps!
If you haven't been outside yet, you need to get out there.It's a beautiful day.Iced tea & coffee drinks & our patio are waiting for you!
. People keep saying 3g sucks.
Sometimes your toughest competition is, "I'd rather just keep my money."
Yeah when the Goldfish decide to checkout...there's a problem.
Did I hear you will be at the Caps game tonight? Taking the boys and looking forward to another win... Go #Caps!
Going for a walk. Have no clue where I am. Just need some air.
I will attend the Mobile Track at Computers in Libraries #CIL11 3/23/11 to learn about big trends in mobile tech
they started calling me racist etc..
Don't tell anyone,but is one of the few places that has HopSlam on tap right now!
looks like my source had indianapublicmedia.org/radio/ listed instead -- there really are no good (public) lists for
oh, and do you know about when you wanna move the piano? We're gonna be re-arranging furniture soon in the downstairs..
il mito on north ave is excellent! is an artist!
Sending out my resume to #graphicdesign positions, let's hope one follows through
chillin with erika and hanna tomorrow girls movie night ;)
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out ~ Walter Winchell |
A person who consistently worries about someone else is what you call a certified hater aahahaha :-)
Happy day after Christmas!! Santa bring y'all anything good?
Chillin with the wifey on a lazy day...feels good!
imma post a picture of how my computer looks while turned on u can't do anything except move the stupid mous
Me too !
Up and off to Estes Park to go for a hike & stop by the ranch.
Just sent an email. Thanks!
sound bout right lol
You might want to keep the kids away from the screen for next day and a half. I'm about to make love to the camera with my eyes.
Spent the first 4 days of this week at client office in all day, 25 people meetings. Good to take a break.
i sent it as a message
it's DEFINITELY not a fad for those with
to make you suffer :)
Thanks to everyone for the great #mwrc12! Safe travels!
I am totally pulling for Kansas after hearing Thomas Robinson's story
ya did? You should've waved! I didnt see you!
seeing and in love renews my faith in humanity in ways that I didn't know were possible.
yeah, Cabrieber, blue helmet, whatev. aw poor thing!
Finally getting around to the ARC of 's STRANGE FLESH by Michael Olson and am superduper into it already
its Friday.. half day. no work will be done
The peace you are looking for is not outside you... it's what is looking out your eyes. <U+0096>Michael Jeffreys
That is pretty sweet! I'm definitely doing my Christmas shopping here.
I just don't understand anymore... Why can't this feeling just go away.
2nd annual "food allergy friendly table" at our school's Winter Tea event was a big success today! Gets better each year...
If he treats you like a JOKE then leave him like its FUNNY
I wish lunch could last forever
Thanks for the birthday wishes ! :)
#FF to our new followers! Looking forward to your tweets:
Feel free to introduce yourself or jump in and answer Q1!
Pak, What website did you get that quote from? Hahahaha
Smile, it's almost the #newyear ! Want a white, sparkling smile to bring in 2011? We can help: www.kravitzdental.com
I want to be in Edgar Wright's "Ant-Man." Can anyone help with that?
Wake up and smell the
Great lineup of films!
hahahahaha well he's funny lol
aww! i'm watching #SonnyWithAChance and i miss this show!!! :(
what happened??
that's right! can keep the fun rolling
I was just trying to get home! RT we chased a turkey through downtown milwaukee today. Almost as cool as a coyote
My #FastFoodAddiction is McDonalds fries! Damn they're just so good!!
S corp is better for group of owners (bylaws, stock, etc) / LLC better for 1 or 2 members (simple). Being online doesn't matter.
RT : Funny how a melody sounds like a memory.
Flyers Face Another Old Playoff Foe in Devils: A Fan's Outlook - Yahoo! Sports
time to reach out to a fan in the area to recruit them to visit the place personally.
Me 2! RT : I need to hit up a spanish club asap. Gotta get my dancing on.
I look like a hobo about to go workout today...
I cannot afford to lose an hours sleep tonite
National Weather Service: NUMEROUS ROOFS RIPPED OFF BETWEEN LAKE ELYSIAN AND LAKE FRANCIS. PUBLIC REPORT OF POSSIBLE TORNADO.
hey:D
Sittin here by myself in silence watching the cars go by in the rain....thinking....feeling real low lately and extra depressed today.
Honey butter chicken biscuit>>>
I loved the first series theme song :(
“: Oh, we all know a douchebag named Tyler.” BAHAHA
US Coast Guard Issues Shark Warning along the North East!
lol whatever it was a little phase
3 bedroom, 2.0 bathroom at 1296 Sells Ave. Unit A for $750/month. Nice quiet facility. Near colleges and Marta. 5 minutes from downtown.
:) and thank you for the shout out
From Yacht And Boat Cleaning To Carpet Cleaning, Davie, Florida Residents Count On Revolutionary Cleaning For All Their Cleaning Needs
Keep your eyes on www.kylexingtoncommons.org this week for new stories featuring NPO Women Leading Kentucky and more!
“: “Never discourage anyone… who continually makes progress, no matter how slow.” ~ Plato”
the way you dress affects the way you feel and think. Girls with lower sexual value feel they need to flaunt sexuality.
Its been worse well maybe I just gotta hang in there
boy, you're an alien. :).
Love making people smile! If you had a smile button, you'd get tired of me pushing it. ;) Hope tonight finds you well!
Great point of view. Reminds me of Seth Godin's Linchpin book but for businesses.
two time
Very proud of the #Giants today. 15 and1, 18 and 0? Doesnt matter they'll beat you when it counts
At least we've let go of our junk ; ) RT : hahaha u cheeseheads still haven't LET HIM GO!!!
Some people need to learn to keep their fucking mouth shut
well when i doo, it doesnt let me continue
Why do you care if I fucking dye my hair? Just shut the fuck up. -_-
What's up ? Summer reading program @ Glendale - no Indians passes, no Marion Co Fair passes, no water frisbee = sad little reader!
Hey hey hey!
RT: Boss telling you to “take it easy this weekend” #postgradproblems. …Don’t listen to him and come let loose with us!
Kansas Is SO Bipolar
Not having to worry about anything >
The Red Wings look old. Even the Swedish Peter Pan finally seems to have lost a step.
My dad, Stan Pearlman, has always been my hero.
Yeah, saw that on FB.
so, since the alarm went off during our presentation. I don't have to present anymore
MLS Commissioner reveals in Orlando: "They’re going to open up CenturyLink field, 66,000 seats for the Cascadia rivalry"
We're all stars now in the dope shoe
The is back.
I just want to win.
I swear i always have to sneeze at the most awkward moments:/
Six words you'll never hear ANYONE say: I miss the Long Island Expressway.
I wish I could meet and I wish he would follow me but thats never gonna happen. :'(
This month American Coney celebrates 95 years! has a Q&A with the owner
BRAZILIAN EDITION OF REALITY SHOW THE ULTIMATE FIGHTER DEBUTS ON MARCH 25
Welcome back tweetcaster for android.
Google searches Twitter and FB for ranking.
For any type of new business, writing a business plan may be the best planning you can do.
SULFUR compounds cause bad breath & enable inflection in the mouth. Avoid toothpaste w/sodium laurel SULFATE (SLS). www.closys.com SLS free!
sure thing -- send us a DM with your email address. Thanks for your interest in
Listing in Humboldt Park under contract in 11 days!
Hey what is your favorite SD Song?
VISITAN LA SALSA DE URGUARY, PARAGUAY,CHILE,PERU,ARGENTINA, VENEZUELA,EUADOR,BRAZIL,GUATEMALA ,MEXICO,PANAMA,VENGA A CHATEAR LATINO
Dates are now official! Panic hitting the midwest hard this fall!
Good Morning. Are you getting ready for Thanksgiving? Tell us what are your plans for this Thanksgiving Holiday & what you're thankful for.
Hah! Love this.
Specials for Mommies!!!! Hair & Manicures!! Call for Details!!!
family come first regardless of sacrifices, even if that means I have to run to bus stops and wait in the rain. my sister comes first
good morning boo <U+2764>
me too! and i really hope you can go!!(: i wanna get the vip passes so i can meet him but i probably wont haha
wrong. A half a million dollars is the only thing players truly understand.
so I guess its my fault then
Tyga's music is a joke.
Can't wait to play kingdom on the 12th! Our first home show with the new and improved lineup! Come on out for a great time.
RT: Short girls > tall girls
NYC Printing 123 is the Fastest Rush Printing Company in NYC. Full Color Printing Service. So why wait? Call now at 646.833.8085/...
I'm more PA2 man RT : . Sanchez is better than Tebow like "Police Academy 3" was better than "Police Academy 2."
i like it it kinda sounds bad ass (justin) :"P
#WeAreBC RT : I'm taking BC and Union to win today /hockey expert
Lmao. Its Okay, I pretty much always think I reply to you and it never goes through or something. xD Lmao. It pretty much is.
hey long time no chat!!!
Glad to hear the fans in St. Louis yell "Ref You Suck". Happy that hockey has the 7 game series, you can't rely on the officials every game!
Appreciating the term "swarm criticism" for social media blowback in piece by NYTimes critic Jon Caramanica ().
is my hero he is my whole world practically he is my love and nobody can ever change my opinion of him<U+2665>
With temps rising, prevent overheating and avoid exposure to the sun's damaging rays by exercising in the early morning!
nailed the mega 23!
I was born in the wrong decade
If im louder, would you see me Would you lay down in my arms and rescue me Cause we are the same you save me when you leave its gone again
lol...how did you find the font that Lisa Turtle used in her secret letters to Zach Morris?
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
Okay, never thought building a website was a bit beyond "plug n' play." Plugging away to get this beta tested and live. #art #art galleries
my account has been hacked. Any help? random weight loss links from my name, and I'm not doing it!
fucking awesome. Who was crazy enough to hire you? ;-)
o no doubt i will lil mama
listening to TLM and studying for my final speech test.
Ugh!!!! Too early
Things aren't what they used to be :(
Keep marching on in the name of love.
This dog wants to go outside. Too dam early and too dam cold...
It is always in season for old men to learn
Embedded librarianship where students actually are dorm, writing center, student center - in conjunction with 24/7 virtual ref
i get my first check today!! and im goin broke bitch
the wait...
When spinnin', he's grinnin', for fame or for kicks... Your Turn
lol but Justin is very important to me
On the side pic connection
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. -Albert Einstein
LOL! Yes! “: I'm going to the beach to bury metal items that say "get a life" on them.”
see you there!!!
next time. soon actually, I love Jacksonville!
I met Chris Hansen today in the newsroom. Seemed like an ok guy. And I wasn't arrested as a pedophile, so score one for me!
Mary Sipp Green
Don't get rained on at Pirates game. Come to Consol for a high action game where you'll stay dry. 8pm start.
How bout a #FollowBack and hook up on sum tickets to see u for my 24th bday!? RT : I will follow you back if you ask!!
Took a nap and just saw Duke lost. Lol!
Street Groove Magazine looking for a serious partner 2become part of our company also our artist www.smilezdagr8.com ps we need investers
...anyone going to pick up an #iPad ?
thanks lurv! u're righteous
Welcome. Get your tweet on...I expect many beer related exchanges.
“: Haha thank you! Glad you like it :D.” came across it on Fratmusic. Loved it!
Happy Birthday ! I hope it was good :*
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 22
Nice! (What printer is this? The link you originally sent was broken.)
u welcome wasup witchu... And I'll preciate a follow bak if haven't been done already:)
cool lets grab lunch or drinks if you have time when you get back! or I'll just stalk your photos on FB.
people wonder how I'm write in between all these phonecalls. The truth is I'm not. Well I am. But it's mostly fragments and prep phrases.
Make me come alive, come on and turn me on.
you are the exact person I wanted a response from. Ever hear of diamond way?
Letterpress Tip of the Day: A clean press room is a happy press room. I makes it easier to get the job done and to get the job done right
the Royals are 7-6 on the road, and 0-10 at home. Don't think I've ever seen that, with that many games played.
B4 I send this RT OUT I NEED YALL TO READ THIS TWEET T>T> JUST SENT ME #REALTALK SHE KINDA HELPING ME OUT RIGHT NOW
that is hilarious!
Pretty much any thing Italian. Good bread, good wine, the rest is just fluff.
"Now you're just some body that I used to gnaw." -A Dahmer breakup
Kiss me
Happy Birthday
and me.. : )RT watch , & A Cinderella Story: Once Upon a Song! 1 hour ago Favorite Retweet Reply
love that you guys are friends - you're great people! I'll be home soon, Kalyn!
I love how Let's Don't Call it a Night by Casey Anthony always comes on the radio before I go to bed :P haha I think I'm going to though
“: Everything is funnier when your with your best friend”
they are like golden tickets but the prize is to be OLLG. you dont have to buy them.
Hi Zayn:) I'm in a musical this weekend in ATL, Georgia and I think you'd love it! Wanna fly on over for the weekend and see it?
The HS Committee voted 4-1 to disapprove the mayor's budget for DHS. This resulted from our concerns about the cut in homeless services.
needs to stop Being so busy (: mixtape,tour then album. thats why i love buying them things they spoil us too.
make me
ohh hey girl!!! text me sometime and ill tell ya :)!
i lost 1 sister to cancer & have 1 who survived cancer. it hits home, so i support cancer research!
Hi Twitter. How are you? Is social media over yet? Go Bucks.
It gets better every year.
HI! we'll be sharing a room in France in about 4 days... hope you're ready ;)
Now if Apple will just announce the iPhone 5, I may slip into a state of nirvana...
so so true!!
Toy Story 3 on Ice today. I really miss drugs.
nice seeing you last night and as you saw I had to get the hell away too.
it's definitely on worldstar now
awesome. can't wait to see them in nyc in april.
RSVP: Langley Park
and next up...Andy Lee. Why not call out Froch, Bute, Ward or Dirrell? He likes calling out guys who could fight 140 instead
Because of the street lights I can't get a good photo
we seriously should look into cloning...cause fuck this noise
Lol. Not at all, because God blessed me with common sense.
"Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant." -Robert Louis Stevenson
Woman can fake an orgasm. Men can fake a whole relationship.
[Answr] Huijgh- we have to move beyond questions of whether state is undermined.
Feet hurt
WAKE UP
On a lighter note... Jim K and I perform at Little Athens, Sewickley PA... I'll be feeling much better by then! Tmrw @ 8.30pm free entry!
Will be doing a discussion on the book #OnTheHolySpirit, by St Basil the Great at our #Episcopal study group tomorrow night. Fun.
haha sorry your Majesty, lookin' ass
Watermelon sake courtesy of eddie in the gr8 city of #lasvegas is one of the best mellow/easy to drink sakes out there. Ty
yay me! Thanks :)
The stuff of nightmares!
Enjoying my day off. :o)
RT : I miss the days when hip hop actually meant something .. Nowadays it's just something I get drunk to ¯\_( °_<U+2299>)_/¯
TONIGHT - ELECTROLUTION (Electro Night) with DJ's DJZ, Pierce G vs. Demoe Beats, Dtoxs, Sweetness, DayV5, Saint & Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!
I love my whale face. It's trademarked by me, ya know
Who's going to any or all #FinalFriday events this Friday, 4/29?!
the computer in mckeldin WOULD shut off while i was in the middle of my exam so now im locked out and can't take it. FUCK EVERYTHING.
you just nailed it pal
You one of the beat players in the world and u can't handle an in bound pass. So in Kobe. #MAVS in 7. Wade doesn't want it. Lmfao
That Tiamo perfume is the shit. Thanks
Downtown Orlando I go!!!
be patient with the mundanes. Not everyone has your knowledge of anime.
Ha! Indeed. RT : I love Mad Men like everybody else, but... Rory Gilmore is no Lady Lazarus.
My butterfinget doesn't really taste likea butterfinger. Does this mean the terrorists are winning?
hahaha I totally was going to tweet that same thing! I'm so hungry for some cheesecake!
RIP Clare Fischer, a wonderful pianist and composer/arranger who was a dear friend to Latin Beat Magazine. Salsa Picante Plus 2+2.
I'm home now (:
Love that - #smallwaukee - aina hey? Hi, Cathy!
"You treat these people like they're machines. They're not. They make mistakes." (Buck Rogers, "Planet of the Slave Girls")...
but Lugar really needs to find a home (a real home) in Indiana
okay, yeah, I get what you mean. Yes, that is certainly part of it.
I am in Indy. I'm at the Baymont on Brookville, love.
Happy Friday! Great show!!
rebuilding machines is never convenient, is it
I encourage everybody to worship Jesus Christ everyday with their life and lifestyle!love u all!God bless and peace! HE>i John 3:30
BOUT TO GET ON THIS FULL TILT POKER MY GIRL GOT HELLA GOOD AT IT APRIL 10 LIVE AT REPTILES HOOLIGAN BOYZ MAYNE OFF THE CHAIN SHIT IM READY
Let's go Caps and Predators!!
The difference between your heart and head is that your head thinks it knows what it wants, but your heart knows what it wants.
you'll never see this, i'm such a HUGE fan/DIRECTIONER and i love for being such inspirations ALOHA :)
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I give up ..
They're nice ads. Full of warm fuzzies for Xmas! Happy holidays to you friend!
Tell that nigga he know I'm wing king fuck outta here young lad
yea summer will be 10x's better
yo bro follow back
any time. I'm just in brainstorm mode. Was told by others simple words were too simple and not memorable. I like non-formal.
The regular show C:
hehe thnx! We need to go for beers when u guys return...love that your tweet came from Glasglow
Looking for the mute button. My brother's dog wouldn't stop barking during the last conference call.
The question is not 'why do I so desperately want a cute cropped letterman's jacket?' The question is 'where do I find one?'
I like adding Z to every thing...Z is coming back!
Community goes way beyond social media.
MAN tryna get it in. I'm in New Orleans now back in the Bay Nov for the holiday and for a video. How's it been man??
need to start getting Christmas gifts tomorrow..5th Avenue watch out ;)
Rid me of myself, I belong to You
not trying to go to 3rd wanna hang out?
Vinny,My Inspiration! I'm A GRANDER! I Have The Vinny Virus!<3 My Dream Is For You To Follow Me Please!(: I Just Love You Alot
Any Dashboard Confessional fans out there? Got some news here coming shortly ;P
Interesting. I've never seen the DC so I didn't even consider it. I'll have to take a look
If you're alive in the am, stop by and get some breakfast tacos @ the Goat! Breakfast served 'till noon!
I wish I could see my boyfriend! <3 he's at the track meet. :(
you gotta get yourself in ABC's #GCB ! You would be perfect!
Hello, My Last Name Is Fabella. Do You Possibly Know A Vance Fabella? Please Write Back.
Dreamt last night that my grandma died and all my mother cared about was money. And my bus was late this morning. Great start to the day!
is wishing everybody a Happy New Year!!! May your world be filled with warmth, love, health, peace and happiness!!! Love, Tania :)
sent :) Let me know what you think!
Excited to hear about the COBO expansion project.
LOL - it always catches me offguard as well (shopping).
I agree!! Esp because I have a Crossfit competition this weekend
Call me & tell me good morning & goodnight
Rec 4: can extend string of successes by encouraging states to collect data on instructional materials and support data use.
Wow!!! Really Brian McKnight? Sweet baby, that song is not you. I can't!!!
I know staring off into space, not saying a single word..smh lolol
I now have come to a point where all his snippets together is a one long song w mood change. Lot like Stairway to Heaven.
Gay Club first time in Bangkok Thailand with all my gays friends. Fun time. I need it!
is probably my biggest insparation because even though people were hating on her she kept going(: and i love her for that :3
God morning America! It's a new day and we are ready to go. Maybe it's the coffee talking... but hey, it works!
Holy crap, Walking Dead is the BEST show on TV. Amazing developments on tonight's show. WOW. Dale now Shane. No one is safe.
"Nigga did you pee on me" lol
We open at 10 am and have the cure for your New Years hangover! Brunch till 3 pm!
"no matter what one expects in a Patton performance, one can expect to receive something unexpected." See Julie Patton at our symposium!
Pre-ordered the book Silver Sparrow by Tayari Jones
I think you should take the offer and then we can use the 500k and go shopping :-p
what filter? I can haz?
it's like I have ESPN or something...
What is thiss,??
Nick Nolte is a scary Grizzly Bear
i know. but i think i don't need. :/
you crazy woman
Nvm..... What the heck..? Mixed elements were amazing!
I was just thinking the same thing. It's depressing!
Wait? what happened to /
i just had dead ends and i felt that i needed a trim! haha
thought some guys were asking if we needed a ride so she turned them down but turns out they just wanted our parking spot
is tomorrow! Very excited!
We'll need ongoing folks, so check back with us? :-)
google kelbytv . Com google has tagged the site as harmful! Thought you should know
so sick of them inching their way in every single year
Recently, we had a day of innovation over at the University of Arizona. Can you name innovative companies in the Tucson area?
It is not our place to ask why... there only is, or is not. Happy 55th birthday, dad, they took you too soon. RIP
I'm so glad I like at least one of my boyfriend's friends
Forget you twitter I am now have a facebook
Alicia, thank you so much for the shout-out!! Very glad you enjoyed Roman Noir and meeting Arcturus and Co.! :)
FREE DOWNLOAD GET YOUR COPY "Count It Up" Ft " by I Am Citi Boi -...
i love the song "you" by Joe!
oh i see i tweeted something about my boobs so you followed me
I think Davidson is a tough matchup because they can shoot the 3 against that zone.
THE GIRLS FRIEND OSNT MY PROBLEM OMFG
Larry Sanders the new enforcer since......not in my lifetime.
I like girls.....meow
They look at me and laugh. That lost child called me. Smh. I think he was looking for you but I ain't answer.
Ever wonder what band members do when we're not playing shows? I didn't think so.
(cont) river 5 I say full house & show he looks miffed 5 second delay shows 54 starts laughing & giving me hi5s. Funny dude it was great
very delicious. Small crowd. Great firkin day.
SDPD looking for 2 suspects in a violent sexual assault in Barrio Logan last night. We're headed to the bus stop where it happened.
I love how says "I'm about to go ham on these Boston ass bitches!" c:
Well. That unfortunate ditty will be playing in my head for weeks.
Everyone deserves to sparkle
Grandad, I know you can see me. Best grandad, and you better believe me.
Alright, imma get it as soon as it drops.... I still b listenin to Dirty Money at least twice a day 2. That's still my shit
I have applesauce in my hair. Thanks a lot, Merritt and Matt.
killing you that a 2nd string QB sliced through that so-called 'great' D? Have fun seeing your team get killed by Brees
don't let yourself wade through restless waters, cause there is no right answer, will i stay or will i go?
see /parlay-people for locals. Also see members' lists, like /uxd. For a bigun, try /uxtweeps/
I love when "grilled cheese" is an important bullet point on a client call about curated content and corporate social policy :)
ATReference designed by Rockefeller! Very excellent and super exciting -talked about in AT/Archon Roundtable.
Hope everyone is enjoying this crisp, cool fall weather!
On September 27, 2008, Zhai Zhigang made the first spacewalk by a Chinese astronaut.
It's new pilot season!!!! We sent over 300 people out on castings last week!!!!! Stay tuned for my details!!! Happy Monday!!
Fantasy Golf: Volvo China Open preview The 2012 Today's Golfer Fantasy Golf game, in association with Your Golf Travel, lands on the Euro
Working on the Ragtime Ralph release right now. Might be a day or two...
Heart is not leg.
eh...don't worry about it man. it's not a competition. it's all about the love for the music and instrument. ;)
Have to get there fast for that :-) Hwy Dept is coming with something they use for spills
the sitter.
yes indeed today is my birthday!!! Thank u Laurie. See you soon.
It looks like a very handy shortcut system. I'm digging a bit into the code too.
ugh, it is here too. :(
Is very excited about the brand new music school I will be teaching at!
": It's official, Butler will move to Atlantic 10 tomorrow, so does Horizon League have #Oakland on the phone? #SummitLeague"
Got out of the 4X4 :D. But had to speed change when I got home for the meeting. -.-
I need a twitter best friend!
yea So put it ip!;)
This move is slowly but surely coming together:)
thanks for the follow; always good to see someone concerned with good copywriting on board.
Why do I always get so hungry when drunk?
I may have. I'm so sorry.
Can't wait to listen this particular song!
hahhahahhaahhaah you're gunna be a freshman next school year right?! ehhh noffiinnn
Help protect the lives of women. Say no to advertising on Rush Limbaugh's radio show.
you too :)
Mondays aren't so bad.. It's Burger Night!!!!
haha I love you too! <3 :) I love you!
what R the odds of arranging face time 5/25? Love to meet u boys b4 menopause or Dooms day lol! #RHCPGirl<U+2665>
GoodNight Peeps..Twin #1 Goes Night Night ahaha..Ps Twin Two's a Lamooo...aha jk love ya Bro =]
Get in there and lift heavy!
&#9758; Buy HomeSpy LED Camera Protect Your Privacy
I'm not ignoring you; It's just that I'm working remotely during the day and then moving at night. I'll be glad when it's over, too.
Fall back like your pads are maxies
with a shewee.
Congratulations!! I'm sure you'll tweet updates - look forward to hearing about it!
Where were they the other day? lol RT : too many laker fans on my TL >__<
New york is so bipolar, i swear
I don't even remember the last time I ate
Oh the perks of being a superstar... :P
Everyone who loves life follow me:)
I'm really rapidly getting to the point where I fear I'm going to resume harming myself. I can't handle this anymore.
Ha ha haaaaaahhh! HONEY BEAR NO!
Best part tonite! RT : #Oscars get an A for having Esparanza Spaulding on board for the tributes.
Shout out to Today's #JONEZ of the day.
If it is like Cooper's tavern, that is a good sign. I need beer night asap!
plz follow me and we love u so so muchh :)) <3
Good Morning
RT Notes from a panel on #digitalpreservation & #humanrights featuring speakers from the HRDI, , and the CRL ...
it's Nicole from Good Day for It! This is the twitter for my web series. Follow us and tell all your friends :-D
"Do not allow people to dim your shine because they are blinded. Tell them to put on some sunglasses, cuz we were born this way bitch!" :)
how was work today and sounds like fun:)
Sounds cool. I'm interested in a #aaa2010 tweetup
Romantic comedies make me uncomfortable.
"Sandwiches and sex... I want that!"
I have to do something to pass the time here at work...
Toast w/jelly, peanut butter crackers & yogurt. The kid is still hungry talking about hamburgers. After skating practices he'll need a feast
Ruby-crowned kinglet and a few other good birds putting on good show on my patio. Cold front.
what are u talking about I didn't say anything about your Goddess.
Now Playing: What Goes Around - Justin Timberlake
Advice on how to get this cat into a carrier, I need it now.
I don't think I could ever get enough of the spicy mama ramen at Ping.
whats a good wine for a total newbie?
I'm level 70 on 4th prestige. Probably not gonna go prestige any more. Maybe if they throw out a DPW I'll go prestige again.
#stcorg certification is portfolio based and lets you tell the story of your career, experience, and what you've accomplished
holla at me bro
E-Portfolios: Students are already making these portfolios without the support of faculty. How can we support those who aren't?
:-( glad you survived!
Bummed, missing Ojai Saturday..... blah.
Good show last night @ Rejects!! Thanks to Low G and da rest of da artist who made it out!!
The set up wasn't ideal... so I only stuck around for one song. Acoustics were all off! I want to see them in a real venue :)
I have no idea loo
One more hour and I'm out this bitch!!!!
Be careful of your thoughts, they may become words at any moment.
You're so screwed.
You're welcome! ^_^
I know I'm late to the game on this one, but wow Saga was great. Is there anyway Vaughan can write ALL the comics?
Speech is power: speech is to persuade, to convert, to compel
Is there a really a heroin problem in Irondequoit schools, or do parents really have their heads in the proverbial sand? 222-6000
doin the damn thing @ rock n roll hotel..yes
Hungry as a hostage
Seven Georgia Bulldogs Taken in 2012 NFL Draft: Fan&#39;s Take
Wild. Tomorrow's my one year with Happy birthday!
Sad story!!!!
Its going to be one of those days... Great.
Mayweather won that.
make me happy to be back:D
Finally M202 starts.. =P
: "Little has annoyed me lately as much as this... Sounds sweet to me." >> I was more annoyed at the comments!
no lol just indoor at kozy
Both in agreement but neither wants say it
lol if you match my $40 we can be doing it really big out here. I'll find you some schist. <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B7>
last day of studying . .
that's why I say des things lol.
of course bud :)
Last night, when I heard return to the registry intoxicated, I awoke from my slumber to lock the doors to avoid the hurricane
Hilton Head looks like a nice place to start a new life...
Can you send some to Maryland?
I get really excited for the guys I... Stopped w/e I had going... With when they get girlfriends (: means it wasn't meant to be
Thank you for following! Looking forward to learning about the talent.
A tough way to lose, but it is still just one game. Win Wednesday, and then a game 7 is anyone's to win.
After my birthday on July 9, I have 1 year till I get my drivers license :D
Waitors that privide what? Huh I have.no clue what your talking about.
Warrior needs food badly. Valerie is about to die.
I'be never cut my hair, so I would like to cut it and experiment w color.
Picking up 15 hot French girls, viva France.....
Happy Musical Monday, Sensations! What's going on in YOUR show choir world this week?
When you want something you've never had, you have to do something you've never done.
Poll question: John Elway, better QB or salesman? Won 2 SBowls. Sold Manning on being a Bronco + car dealrships for $82 mil
Wishing I could be at Rupp right now to welcome home our National Champs!
someone tell me why my dad is scared to go outside of Indiana!!!
I swear Dierra be gettin on my nerves. Imma hit her ass in her adams apple!
Late start today for this #saturdaylibrarian :) So why am I at the gym instead of sleeping in?
Last Pritzker family visit to Amherst. Sydney Pritzker graduates!
OH: Sometimes the truth can come like an enema... and it's not very well received.
put your hands on me, John F Kennedy (;
I Hate Argueing If You Argue With Me JUST STOP Your Not Gonna Win.
RT : We've been right here! Well done, :)
The fuck you doing? Blowing Swishers
Cause I'm two shots deep and I ain't tryna sleep
thanks man :)
Happy Easter!
Cotton Tale Poppy Crib Bedding - Sweet Dreams, Baby Girl! ~ Baby ...
Being called Bri > being called Brianna
Oh shit, Henry looks hurt. Like for real.
Congrats! That's awesome.
So happy to hear that!! Yes, you come to Miami :-)
Come enjoy some wonderful music by the duo Just Blue tonight from 7-830pm
Multitasking on my computer. Let the crashing begin'
RT Driving to Philadelphia. ETA 11:11 AM using Waze - Drive Social
Thanks for the #FF!
go on facebook
#BillsMafia really is a family more so than other fan bases we have each others back
Studio time
HEP met with 15 Niagara Falls clergy last night to discuss the impact of Medicaid cuts. These leaders will be making their voices heard!
Uncomplicated Meal Jumps: A Do-It-Yourself, Time-Saving, Money-Saving Standard to making Pastry Is no longer secure Article
I'm on my #Blackman in the #future shit. I'm part of a
City auction to raise money for general fund
I didn't get one of the tables just saw this guys post. I thought it was hilarious as well. What is your next
I am going to start cleaning my house. And by cleaning, i mean drinking beer and spraying everything with febreze.
I MISS MY FRIENDS...
I uses to torchure animal crackers when I was younger
Monday morning will mark week two since the start of 's new Rental Operations Manager.
kendra will you plz follow us,me and my sister got to meet u at ur book signing in okc,ok we are your biggest fan
Watching The Time Traveler's Wife, <3
seats than I do at the concert. I mean, there are some girls about there who support the boys like its their job and (c)
I love you Bieber
I understand, just and add on.
Awesome! RT : web team: Congratulations on PRism award of excellence for The Strong websites.
Wondering what time Apple is going to turn on the iPhone 3.0 update today.
It really depends upon how much alcohol has been consumed.
BizTimes: The final recall primary vote tally: 670,278 for the Democratic challengers (combined) and 626,538 for Gov. Walker.
In La-La Land : ) Get On My Level
Tonight!!! We have a good show in store for Doors open at 5:00PM we play at 7pm #KURUproductions will be there Filming the Show
where is the live chat that selena is doing and follow back please?
Sworn in today as board member of SJ.Silicon Valley Chamber of Commerce. Shook Guvernator's too! Biz=bills but Latin .Jazz=soul food YUM
Kidjo vividly describes the city soundscape from her native Benin to Paris to New York--complete with sound effects!
we have rows of computers now where those card catalogs used to be... our collection has grown at least 7x what it was then!
Federal Reserve Reports Decreased Income, Sends $75B to Treasury
Have the Herman Cain smoking commercial song stuck in my head. "I am Ameeeeericuhuhuh, one voice, united we stand"
"Warren: JPMorgan Debacle Shows 'Banks Cannot Regulate Themselves'" #huffpost Hello, it's 2008 calling! It wants its money back!
Awesome thanks! MT : MKE's Historic Preservation Commsn approved $10K in grant funds (not taxpayer $) to develop City Hall museum
I want to put the past behind us.
I've been in meetings all day & developing new email techniques! #TGIF, How is my #twitter family doing? Anyone order the Verizon iPhone?
When you check your phone every other moment, thinking you have a message when your phone is on vibrate or on loud.
i cnt wait for the next episode of Secret Circle. Even though that last episode pissed me off to the max, THEY KILLED NICK!
you can play now! i just switched to cake for the rest of the night.
Sometimes what I think in my head is hilarious comes out all wrong. Good thing I always say it aloud to others.
Thank you, Jillian!
On set today in westchester shooting "Slice". I'm playing a speed dating match maker. ALL COMEDY IMPROV ALL THE TIME! Yeah!!
i'm subbing for a friend at the drake hotel from 8-12 with 's trio. I'm pretty excited about it.
welcome back. Hope yuo're back yo 100% ASAP
yay luke brooks is a massive fan of austin :)
tell LP I said what up What Up GO DUCKS! who you got rolling out this season Coach?
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your book.
You are so welcome. Any time!
NEW FUNDRAISER OPPORTUnity! Here's A HINT ... Make $ for your YOUTH SPortS PROgrAM! SOMETHING that MOSt PEOPLE DRinK EVERY MORNing!
I need some mentions hell
I know I'm so pumped
Revisiting Donkey Kong Country (Returns) has been one of my best and worst decisions of the weekend.
He also missed 2 playoffs 'with' MJ.
we where responding to the brewstone picture!
Pain is weakness leaving the body. But body is pain leaving the weakness.
Our devs have shot you an update. Let us know if you need anything else.
Egad, Super Digital Humanities Guy, new place, new numbers; phn books =height-enhancers 4 short ppl; everything else: dropbox.
welcome daphne alabama and san antonio tx
RT : We need to start a #HireDustin campaign. Dustin is an absolute pro who works his ass off. Terrible news for the #NASCAR beat
Thank you! It was taken at a restaurant here in Vegas :)
hey dude what's up
yea I think we r for sure
how close or far are you from getting the Xbox 360 on YouNow
How are you going to be able to look forward when you're too busy looking behind you.
I'm down for skirt, grass, outdoor pork. The whole thing. When?
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Well it's been a fun night! Avoiding the heat all together has been fun now of to dreamland where you are allowed to be as crazy as we wish!
Need a ride to the game tonight? Call Mr. Chauffeur to reserve! (630) 363-9027
#ImA new mommy! Wonderful commercial Dr. Pepper.
BOCX last time they released news it went crazy, watching this one closely...
The cittern was played in various forms from the Middle-Ages through the early Baroque period in Europe, though it gained its greatest...
Great!! Looking fwd to grand opening tomorrow! Took the kids to today. Their verdict: "Mom, this park is AWESOME!"
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card teams on the right path very solid front court and dangerous center. Rebounds is there's!
So tempted..hmph :/
I'm so emotional wtvr.
Don't Tell Me Your Dating Someone On TweeTer
Yea... Ima Talk To Him!!
These guys are such a great resource for #actors www.insideactingpodcast.com
Parents in #BayArea: Photographer debuts new #childrensbooks on baby gorillas & cheetahs in the wild 5/15 4pm
I get too attached. Only bc I care for you.
i find the movements that are both extreme left and extreme right to be the most dangerous. Nazis fit this bill.
Well I've never gotten in on FB but I'll look out for it, sorry if you did get a spamed DM :(
kool beans! Lol welcome to the club <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Movie at the #Sundance Theater then dancing with my best buds just back from the #Cannes Film Fest. ... I can't wait.
We have a HUGE HOLIDAY WEEKEND in the works! Friday is #BigHairNight and Sunday is Take Over with &
The dogs are STICKING to the sidewalks.
Why I'm single: [ ] Too ugly. [ ] Waiting for someone. [x] Dick's too big, might kill someone.
It is a perfect day to work outside. And be pestered by hungry pigeons.
well thanks yo! u always look good!!!
Can't wait to see , and at One Night Only on Friday, May 4, 2012! Plus many more DJs!
I am so blessed! Totally love my life! Good and bad parts!
Please it 11:11 follow me? And I just said I hope you come true!<3 <111
Rock it out Ryan! RT : Relax Today.
Seattle for the night!
haha san jose areaa; cupertino where ipod is from :) what're you doing in socal?
Why is psychoanalysis so much quicker for men than for women? Men don't need to be regressed back to their childhood.
You lived in Milw, Indy and Cleveland, right? Just Detroit and Chicago left to complete the whole division.
Thx for your sincere words. To us, its folks like our Navy SEALs who are the real heroes. I just do my job with integrity.
Teen dating abuse has been on my mind. I would like to be more active with my prevention programs for middle and high schools
Can't wait for #furthur at the beacon. Been listening to #archiveorg all day. Going to see John play on 2/11 too
shhh. i love you. <U+270C>
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
My biggest commercial client yet should be releasing my work soon in a tv spot. Excited to be adding Verizon to my client list!
Im irritated.. bye twitter.
Killed it tonight!
That was laught out loud funny. Ew!!
that's happened to me too! i thought i was losing my mind ;)
where is it?
People are usually envious of my friendships. HEY I just know who to surround myself with.
Julie Johnson working on setting scores to predict which anti-hypternsive will work better.
You are my favorite on Teen Mom 2
lol u know I am wait til I see them
Thnx...but think we'll skip the bongos
I just wish Hedges would vote 4 Democrats, not the Green Party. A party won't be able to change anything if they can't b elected
Like this status if you want to win two free tickets to see Zac Brown Band coming to Chesapeake Energy Arena on April 26th!!!
just wanta fast forward till wed. but have all my papers done. to mucchhhh streessss
Jk on last tweet just thought it was funny
Donnie's "The Colored Section" as this evening's hair, wardrobe, and make-up sound track. Woo lawdy!
Ireland is the only place where windmills turn clockwise. #odd facts
Looking forward to hearing Ian Hancock this afternoon.
hope you are well!
Unfortunately, that didn't last even a minute for Canada.
dam I nd that meal lol
Just accidentily deleted my fav song off my dam phone fakkkkkkkk
RT ": Nearly 62% of Gen Y and Gen X are willing to bear more of the cost of their benefits rather than lose them #EBTS2012"
I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio
Libre moderator asks why when demand for oil is down because of mild winter are costs up?
The '11 collection is ok if she's going for unflattering separates.
So true RT Lots of creepiness, actually... RT : What am I missing?!?!?!?!
happy bday beautiful!!! X
BODY TAP TUESDAY-FT. 40+ Exotic Entertainers @ CLUB FANTASY 10575 Chester Rd./Woodlawn (Formerly The Apple, Black Angus) CYA THERE!!
Plans kinda falling through... I may just order some sushi... get into my pj's... drink some fine wine and watch Angels and Demons... :)
Stryker Co-Founds Coalition to Advance Purchase of Environmentally-Preferable ... - MarketWatch (press release)
ugh and i looked at my grades -__- fucking shoot me now please and thank you
any plugins for google wave that will email the wave to people who you want in the conversation, but haven't received their invite yet?
oh haha:) do you have homework?
This humidity and my hair= not a good look hahaha
Sands, you around January 16th?
Working on the Texas Bioneers conference: great speakers & a lot of enthusiasm - hold Nov. 11 & 12, more cool info to come.
Hello out there in Twitterland! We're setting up shop in Baltimore!
I'm doing my Spanish poem on Ian Somerhalder yay
Hey, I just sent you an e-mail.
Movies Blog | Relativity Moves Tarsem Singh's 'Snow White' Ahead Of 'Snow White And The Huntsman' In Today's Dailies
US Ladies, congrats on 90 years of our right to vote #19thAmendment I will vote in November, will you?
Anyone going to any local fights tonight? If so, where?
did I miss #kinectwithcloth ?
It's my birthday! :D
I had similar issue upgrading a KARL in place. No pinning has its pain points too.
Definitely going to check out some of Ridley Pearson's Peter Pan books as soon as this semester is over!
It is a slow Wednesday, how about this. Next person to show up before 6, and show me this tweet, I will give you a FREE Lovesac Tee.
I'm listening! Pronbably just as drunk??
GalTime wants to hear from you!! What do you want to know about what's happening in Albuquerque??
Except that videogame of the Phantom Menace was even worse than the movie...
Would you look at that... won ANOTHER MVP!!! Who says he's not the best player in the world? Idiots....
WELL I SEEN AT LEAST FOUR TIME LOL IM A STALKER
Hi Krizley, avail in stores spring 2012 however I'm sending a few promotional samples out to a few people.
but we could b friends, friends for life?
oh, yes! Classic...
How funny! I've seen photos of your wedding, but didn't make the connection! Hope I get to meet you soon.
thank you! :)
they out school us ; im deff. scared for life.
NEW YORK 2
thanks for the add
Ready for RIT and Bentley
Add me, love me and love my stuff. Ha ha ha
Thanks for the add! Check me out for the latest beauty and fashion tips! Bringing the beauty counter to you!:-)
yeah ): But I'm working on them (: Do you have good grades?
just gonna watch them fight~ haha.
Sweet! You're welcome! MT : On my way to #Chicago to check out apartments. Thank you
For him especially. Download 's book "Freedom of Expression" (free) and read at least the story of that song.
Well it looks like they are fully aware of the situation and are standing by him. Bold call.
If Entehikari don't do warped though, people are getting hurt
thank you for the follow
Still officially summer, and the macy's christmas display in downtown Seattle is going up! Yes Virginia, they are whores.
GS Mafia bitch !
Fuck it I'll just grind on my birthday
#10FactsAboutMe im mindless and when im mindless er body mindless :-)
Kenny Rogers song reference!
Thank you for supporting marriage equality!
Yes- beneath this veneer of coolness/brutality, I am in fact a sweet, sensitive soul. Please tell that to my probation officer.
Think spring with gorgeous beaded sweaters by Design Options, available at www.rosegardenboutique.com and www.designoptionssweaters.com
At the horny goat Coe say hi
: So !! Looks like we will be seeing you bright and early for some tense end of season footie!
My teenage emotional roller coaster & use of a hairbrush as a microphone wouldn't have been the same without Whitney Houston.
MAD AT MY TEETH DEY HURT LIKE HELL
no bball goals?
Some changes are brewing. . . I got some things to decide on, but ultimately moving forward!
Is it okay for christina and I to join u tonite?
Gnight sleep tight. Happy g'day to the little one :)
Hope to see tons of you in Austin for & in the Convention Center March 16-19 for rock poster mind-blowing fun!
U know I love u!! Haven't tt u all day! I'm slackin! Deb's comin over & I'll show her us on 's video!
That's cause he's terrible, some of the shittiest lyrics I've heard
All I need is a touch from u Lord Jesus and some how I believe every 1 of my sins will be washed away....
My cat is addicted to my laptop. As soon as I have it out, she's in my lap.
If R-Money is smart he'd make Ron Paul his VP.
enjoy!! Can't wait to see pics. Any fav vineyards yet?
I'm suffering <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
RIGHT BACK AT YA! (how news partnerships are SUPPOSED to work #Freile/Carroll/Team !) Have fun w/ Marathon this wknd
May is Older Americans Month!!!!
Hey I love your pizza, calzones and salads and would love to see what kind of new additions u could add 2 the menu!
Not the grammy's?
Thanks so much beboo!
does she have a lot of competition? :-0
This Jehovah witness guy did not just say religion is the reason for child abuse.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> Smh
The O's are going to burn out the bullpen quicker than Ray Lewis stabs someone in an Atlanta alley.
I hate canvassers.
RT - Swarovski Accessories Sparkle at The Cannes Film Festival accessorywardrobe.com/?p=619
I think I might need to print out a picture of your cover and tape it to my wall. It's incredible.
"We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"
#redheadidealisticsupergirlygirlmajorproblems? I think that fits ;-) hahhaa
What if the music you are listening to only existed because of you? The #iloveranger project on is for you. Coming soon.
"Single" and "In a relationship" are just terms people use... Your heart determines your status...
So you're a whore, and you're a whore, and you're a whore, and oh how could i forget about you? Yea you're a whore too.
What restaurant are you working these days? Trying to bring my lady to sample some of your food.
How big a problem are old papers that can't be linked to, and is the solution digitization or what?
RT : F*ck holes in my cheese. It's just wasted space where more cheese could be.
Ah... Love hearing 's name during a basketball game he has nothing to do with! LOL
My money's on Canelo.
Ha ha my dad can yell all he wants but he knows I will win eventually lol I have mom on my side
my head needs to tell my heart about some things.
nicar-l is going to be interesting today
Walking home the latest I have in a while. Midterm in the morning and there's drunk people everywhere
.-.+|- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
We're excited to have you!
banner is used to making $$$, the new industry has got him confused. I hold some mixtapes atta higher value than some albums.
LMAO!! BY WHO AND WHY?
Any time someone at a coffee shop insists they have a great opportunity for you, you can pretty much assume the opportunity is for them.
RT Las Vegas! Buy cheap tickets from us to our show with and many more. The show is tomorrow!
Just saw titanic on the big screen.... My life is changed. I was shaking and crying and laughing all at the same time.
Football season is right around the corner...TheSportsland will be ready...www.TheSportsLand.com, your virtual sports fan paradise
Injuries to a bunch of important people in front of him resulted in horrible team defense.
hello how are you ??? you are awesome
That sounds very possible. May I have more info about logistics on getting LC to SA? Send to
“ Rest! #Jesus has done & provided all that u need @ Calvary. Cease struggling, sit still & let His provision flow today!”
FOLLOW ME NOW!!
Thunderstorm please!!!!!!! <U+26A1><U+2601>
My dad lives there! Oh dad!
Adrenaline crash. I can't decide whether I want to pass out or scream.
I always fall asleep on
RT : The Snow Child by Eowyn Ivey. Who knew snow could be described so beautifully, so many different ways?
That TV show could spare you for a week, right? Come hang out with us in Chicago.
So keep in mind all the sacrifices i'm making...
couldn't have asked for better playing my tall friend. Great hustle!
I had an amazing time this weekend playing a wicked wizard. Thanks so much to our cast and crew. You will not want to miss The Dark One.
All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man.
amen...especially in a relationship
My mom just emailed me an amazon wish list. she's either the cutest or the annoying-est.
How could an inbound marketing approach change your business? Share your thoughts and experiences with us!
thanks for the support!
Just now getting to the new Jack White album. Quite good.
At church..
scotch, cigars, fire, friends,
"All dream can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." - Walt Disney.
2013 Ford Mustang model Dalena Henriques running for Maxim's Hot 100 - Torque News
Lucky! I hate this class wanna join? #plz:)
IGO HARD COMPETE IT!!!#SQUAD!!! MA BANK ROLL CONCIETED....#SQUAD!!!
New battle star galactica footage from new series, i'm sure you've probably already seen it by now.
One of those go the hell back to bed days
I Think For SNL I Rather Be a Host Than a Cast Member
You're such a hipster, Lou. ;)
Gonna try and wipe this blue and white face paint off, hope this works otherwise
Some people can work things out , but some people just dont know how to change.
Kobe pretty upset about not taking the last shot but Steve Blake had a wide open look for the 3. Lakers might be in trouble
shit i still need to do my homework .... oh well
ANYBODY WANNA GIVE ANIKA THE SCIENCE PGS AND PRE-AP PGS? SHE WASN'T IN CLASS TODAY
#Teamfollow, #TEAMFOLLOWBACK, be sure to follow me and check out my website www.jamilemcgee.com I will
Man now everyone fighting with He is entitled to his opinion no matter how stupid it is, right? Let's get ready to type loud!!
Good point. I mean more that you don't feel you've missed out on everything in your life because of work.
Hey there Sizzle Chest!
I hope the BB writers delve more into your character this season. Enjoyed the last episode.Very emotional. Great job!
and r they apps that r so complex it would take a team of developers years to make your changes?
Amazing you could hold out so long, Cheers!
glad you enjoyed the presentation. Kids are working very hard. Would live to grab lunch and chat. After turkey day?
Milwaukee area: I need a videographer or video journalist for an event July 7, 2012, but need to confirm someone ASAP! message me please ;-)
Wow, Im watching the #BrianMcKnight funny or die video...he is giving me too much with this song
WHAT A PLAY!
sent again.
Hell yeah lol
who's going to day two of the #EMExpo tomorrow? , any chance you can hook a sister up with some notes?
my mom rocks because she does not hate on me watching wrestling she supports me
Got no choice but to rejoice.
R Kellys #trappedinthecloset is back?? I feel like he should get #tylerperry to produce.
TOday is better than yesterday. I didn't like yesterday. Thanks so much for thinking of me!
Brewers win Game 1. All baseball t's $9.95! www.brewcityonline.com
And joe..I think I will call u..tom!!
Thanks for the kind words. Hope you make it in soon.
Get value for soon to be free agents Carlos Delfino and Ersan Ilyasova.
To the first two people who thought Superman was a bird, then a plane.... What the fuck were you so excited about?
Looks very intense!
Thanks Santa
RT finding "digital history" used more for *how* we're "doing" history than for the digital historical record. take no...
One of the great bands we work with is practicing here today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> live music while I work, I'll take it <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Thanks for coming by! What torta was your favorite?
yes. We hv to watch it at least 3x before bed.
beer slushie sounds like what i want my official drink of Summer 2012 to be!
Movember Time Again!
Supporting #Kony2012 cuz u think its still an issue, figuring it's not then ur like -_- not cool bro
here's a random question for ya.. haha.. are u a fan of the white sox?
Ouch.... I'm to blazed to care
RT You are going to LOVE what I got.//aww thanks Carlan I can't wait!!
The final special du Soleil performance of the day starts at 16:45 - hurry to hall 8b & finish your day on a high
I wouldn't be surprised if they let this guy stop to get gas and a big gulp.
Treat yourself or a loved one this holiday to $120 worth of services from Skin Care by Liliya for just $60 on www.crowdclick.com!!
Might as well -.-
LOL its ok, i thought it was cuter than the other ones they posted.
News ABUSE: Porsche : PORSCHE SCHOLAR DANIEL LLOYD ...
yeah yeah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Pumped up for Billboard Awards(: <3 Gonna be AMAZING!!(: <3
hey brehs what's your email?
Enjoying 's live tweets of speech. Keep 'em coming!
So 8am service it is. Sunday school after that. Then I have a reading, and after that we're having a nice dinner out.
I'm Back Bro!!!
so in the brave new world of the net, is chatting on facebook for hours the same as a long phone call from decades past?
Anyone who says Twitter isn't addicting should see me putting hashtags in text messages with my friends.
Thanks for sharing our series.
As cool as vinyl vehicle graphics are, one eagerly awaits the advent of a drive-thru wide-format printer.
Please remind us why Carlos Gomez starts and Nyjer does not??
sittin at my dinner table with my grandfather and my nana, who used to be married, telling me stories about them smoking pot
MY MOM IS GETTING MARRIED!!!!
relaxation and gig later! :)
That's my fav show. ": Now Watching: House Hunters on HGTV"
Yes - bullies. Come on Geraghty, get your talking points together!
i gotta get with that jada tonight
you are welcome : ) ha
Will you remember me the way i remember you.
awee I miss all of you guys don't make me cry.
i made u something for facebook ill tag u in (:
• Oh yeah! Almost forgot about Suppan. It really WAS a good game. Sometimes hard to see thru the loss.
Regular-grade gasoline now tops $4/gallon in Alaska, California, Connecticut, DC, Hawaii, Illinois, NY, Oregon and Washington.
Old Spice commercials >>>>>>
Who said that? RT : Nicki And Nas? WHAT!? WHY!?
Brass fans, keep your eye on twitter and facebook for our press release tomorrow at noon!
I just handed you a virtual medal.
I feel like cooking out today.. Wings and burgers!!
Looking at paying back my loans & working 1 pt job is NOT going to cut it. If anyone knows of any pt jobs in Indy, pref. lib related holla.
all sliders, all the time, Cuddyer goes down swinging
Will you guys be attending the TFW prom tomorrow night?
Loving the gratitude on the radio from and Excited for this season!
haha yep! I can't wait to use it in other dishes.
I try.
Fine, i give up on trying to start civilization 5. Enjoy my $50 aspyr.
Follow me an gain 1 follower #bitch!atleastImtellinthetruth
who are these guys
I need more voicemails for my mixtape... If you have the number, Call me...
Wow! That seems like a lot!
mind sending me a few DMs every once in a while?
Design Tip: Select window coverings that work for you. Do you want to highlight or block the view? www.cliointeriordesign.com
Its Midnight In ATL So That Means 11Days Till Bday Who Hooo Im So Excited LOL!!!
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Huge OT win by the #Blackhawks! To me, NHL playoffs are only second to the NFL playoffs.
MT This fm a friend at the Banuelos game: "ridiculous FB command...MLB quality." <He wants in on Nova/Phelps action in ML...
Bad news! Stay far, far away from the ring, my love :)
“: Kief is like adding sprinkles on a cake. It's not needed, but it makes it better”
The new : Less breaking news, more sports, more watchdog coverage, more entertainment, more offending people, says John Lynch
um...that was supposed to say I use Olay. Damn autocorrect.
DESTROY THE CONE!!!!
you with your ghetto word search in a different language?
Anyone down for some sushi :D?
Female #singers ! If you cover Hey Soul Sister, please change the lyrics on line "my heart is bound to beat right out my untrimmed chest."
Great time at #monsterminigolf in Centennial!
10 more days until harry potter at midnight!!! <3
Cully market is open. We've only got a few pieces of #glutenfree angel food cake with strawberries today.
good morning :)
Medical Center-Summit is participating in the Hospital Food Fight. Will Chef Klink and his team win this year? Good Luck!
yeah okay!! Lol you're #crazy!
Only time will tell if it's the right move tho
Bitch took my kindness for a joke, hm..
thanks so much for the follow! If you or a client needs new furniture or new mattress please let us know!
Only my family would buy the necessary alcohol to make Mai Tais in our hotel room so we can sit on our own lanai.
did she cover someone like you?
Going to this regional meet later on today...
IT will!
Reason to read: Watching a woman on Wheel of Fortune pronounce "picturesque" "picture-skay" & not know Tom Sawyer & Huckleberry Finn.
lol. That's regular season! Playoffs is completely different
Yes! RT : For those of us that can't make the trek to the nominations party, will they be posted online
: I've figured something out about YOU in the course of the day. me: yes? : you have a sour disposition me: ...
#WHEN LIFE KNOCKS YOU ON YOUR KNESS, YOUR IN THE PERFECT TIME TO PRAY....
lmao! yoo we gonna drink some strong shit when i go back to new york
Be Here Now.
how do i change my profile pic? I cannot remember
Ew i hate that word
What would I do without ? I wish he was my boyfriend; this boy is amazing. He does everything for me bahaha
Andrew needs to get his phone back
Ah, the sweet feeling of ringing in my ears the next morning!
yeah, we will see what the weight looks like at the end of the week!
thanks so much! See you then!
I'm bout to watch the help....
i definitely love you way more, smutty cunt. (;
HOPE EVERYONE HAVE A BLESSED DAY
Cinnamon Cheerios is definitely no Cinnamon toast crunch
I think my dog might be dyslexic.. He sleeps underneath his bed, and he trys to hump the neighbors cat.. Damn
bro just been chillen we need to catch up for real. Got some things to wrap to you about
Athletes that are motivated only by winning are more likely to lose motivation when competition doesn’t go their way.
To all of you who are in Santoyo's Pre-Cal! He will be collecting notebooks tomorrow, despite the A.P test, so be sure to drop them off!
Kanye West Raps of Marrying Kim Kardashian on New Pusha T Song
I disagree. I think it lends a telling insight into his character & upbringing. More entitled than any welfare mom.
“: Ugh I just want to sleep all day! <U+E403>” I know the feeling Lil what's up miss u.
Thanks a bunch, Erica!
Bubba. Great emotion. What a win.
Thanks for reading Jade!
thanks! btw what happen?
The Cards kept it exciting.
One-Way applications: one day left!
Nice! U promote via your daughter so u dont upset your endorsed candidate Filner! Cake & eat it2
Interesting that you post that on International Women's Day! Good job, Dru!!
whats going on JB? How you been?
The only thing that gets me out of bed early is a raging hangover.
People say dont listen to your mind, listen to ur heart, sometimes your heart can make mistakes that cam effect you for the rest of ur life.
That is a totally rockin' gift!
Hootsuite is a good one RT : Yes, please! “: Need a better twitter for iPad. Any recommendations, #uppers?”
W/ the Mamaw :)
Why does life always have to suck so much?
you wanna chill? alright scoop me up from doral once in a while bro. oh and I work now everyday so you gotta wait until im out
San Antonio will always be Austin's hometown. No matter where he lives.
if i join BJP, it doesn't mean my brother is a BJP leader.
No trivia at tonight, but plenty of 90s pop rock hits and good food as always. Still a great night.
I'm a cop stuck working in south Philly, give away some tickets down here so my co workers and I have a chance to win them.
haha ill give you my accent for free dude;D
We heart ! Thanks for my Austin interactive everywhere!
Can i have one
Basketball Hall of Fame <3
I love you too.
As much as I dislike driving (and especially parking) in San Fran, I LOVE walking it.
Lucky! I may be scarred...
word what u up to today
seriously. Mad props on this one!
Happy Independence Day Weekend! Hope everyone has a fun safe time! How are YOU celebrating your freedom this holiday?
TATTOO SPECIAL REAL ART SHIT BRAND NEW INK
If you're a record producer I may have a project for you. Get at me.
Shrek the musical was amazing! So glad we went
Scrambling for Air Jordans just seems like a quaint luxury from a more innocent time. RT : ://t.co/NDkBnozD
yeah. Unfortunately :(
RT : Gotta love a #sale on #parkbenches this time of year.: BYO Recreation has the commercial park benches you are lo......
The remastered, official "Samples of Delirium" is almost finished. Until then, you can download our first 2 EP's free at arma.bandcamp.com
John Jeremiah Sullivan's "Michael" brought tears to my eyes.. a truly captivating piece of writing
I think we both know you need to switch those two around.
Having dinner in remembrance of miss ya.
I never could get into that show,sen it a few times but doesn't do anything for me.
! RT : Judge Chris O'Donnell - IF ONLY! JUSTICE IS SERVED...BOYISHLY HANDSOME JUSTICE!
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool i throw a food fight.. and take a shit in the girls bathroom
oh that's cool !! What you doing up there school ? Work, I am planning on moving to new York in like 2 years will come visit u
He rips out some of your tracks in your head
yea let's hope it's just a coincidence
How bad does Mark Teixeira suck? Any time you wanna get a hit with men on base is fine by me, you big goon.
shirts are available at headquarters, stop by.
Cop cop ,
Road my bike for the 1st time in months! Bicycle x-change fixed my wheels 4 $35! Felt so good doing 6 miles - I'm way out of shape..
Wow...someone else said the same thing...her singing is forced to them, not natural...like she is trying too hard.
what book are you reading?
follow me .!
Kicking mom and dads butt in scrabble
But you have the best IWC podcast in the land, so there's that.
hey you!!! just wanted to stop by and say hey and see how you have been :)
Way to go! Keep me posted!
- Oops! I'm way behind...yes, a corral meet-up sounds awesome!
waiting to watch the "Ares" takeoff.
I didn't buy a yearbook. "NO!?" Hell no, to look at all the annoying ass people I went to school w/? That's why I have FB. *hair flip*
My mom tells me im fhat .>_< i know i am . I never say anything . I just lie to myself that i will lose the pojnds but never happens .
That 2:30 sleepiness just hit me. Then office dinner at 6:30. Just want to go to sleep.
Nicest day in a while and I get to spend all 24 hours of it at work
So I heard you're discovering a new political scheme.... (spoke with Bright)....keep me posted on what you learn.
I am really excited about the projects that we are working on this month. I can't wait to share them with you. Go team LitFuse.
I saw about her interview. How'd they figure out who she is? We never use our names or any kind of id.
Driving through the intersection of University and Snelling makes me want to consider homicide. cc:
Marv ugly ass Jay's though.
Roses are red, ducks are green. Bucky will win, but by how much remains to be seen!
He is a great guy super sweet a gentlemen I wish I could have him as like my best guy friend!
WOW we are making history today w the launch of Clemson university's social media listening center. Great partnership!
Once I finish, I am going to place a box of red wine on my nightstand, attach a straw to the spigot and forget this paper ever happened.
Nice ride with NC Bike Club Spring Rally today. Getting week no. 3 started right.
Hey you Wild Things, take your lunch to plaza today at 1pm for #SendakStorytime in remembrance of Maurice Sendak
thanks ! Most will be online and I'm down to 2 stops !
glad to have you!
When you live a life of purpose, you wake up every morning with passion and energy! Find ur purpose & the energy will be there!
I'm bored,
I want to tell this guy he's annoying but I'm just Nice I can't <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
is a genius
Think I left Em in the Y Locker Room
I'm bored. I wanna sleep! hehe
yeah, we should totes
happy birthday pal
thanks for the info, Coy!
How well does async.js work for browser JavaScript flow control? I'm stuck in callback hell from chained animations right now.
If the #Royals were smart, they would waive parking fees for the rest of the year.
Also Ohio is sorta boring
listening to RBD and we have all of our lights on since our parents are not here lololol
my allergies are driving me crazy. I haven't stopped sneezing since I came home!
Suing a club and beverage company for an alcohol related incident?!? How about some responsibility?!? Ridiculous!
Lol. I'd love to live in Hawaii though.
Does it have to be with my hands? RT : Slap me and i will love you forever, baby.
I KNOW I THOUGHT OF IT YESTERDAY.
Online Info session Tues. Aug 23 ! All programs covered! Email to recieve the link needed to log on!
Another #amasin meal at ! Seriously stuffed with deliciousness!
#TheGrey - the most misleading advertising since In Bruges?
seller shouted to the cashier, Anya otbey male liver, and killed the eggs in jelly
Thanks for the follow Best Education Buys (AmerEduBuys)! :)
thank you
my heart goes out to your crew, you got to spend time with a legend, may he rest in paradise. Respect.
#avengers needed -- please assemble on Chicago Skyway!!!
Failing builds character, experience and is key to success. If you don't fail you're not growing. So be happy when you fail, you just grew!
Very nice cameo performance yesterday by Sophie Simmons at the #whotel Hollywood. Beautiful voice.
WTF i hate MATH its really complicated
Palin defends Santorum's outburst at #NYT reporter. She finally figured out that the New York Times is a newspaper and not a time zone.
I'll see you there!
thanks STEVEN :)
Cory Brewer needs to calm the f down... Youre up by like 30... chill the f out dude
wasn't on #raw on his birthday?!?! #AreYouSeriousBro?!
The road to success is always under construction.
I think we know what the "polarizing" theme will be for this campaign season. I imagine nothing but hilarity will from the Republican camp.
I jus cop erything I think is dope!
Yup! We actually have 2 San Diego shows coming up and a Victorville show pretty quick. Soma in SD Nov. 11th!
its like professional wrasslin. Cough(scripted)cough
Im wrking on mobile app in art mus 4 gr6-12. I thought youve done something similar (w/teens)? Is there someone I can talk 2?
About to head to the music store to possibly buy some new toys!
so gets described as "a fucking rock star" while I am thanked for my graciousness? I see how it is.
baker was incredible in her play today. Congrats on a successful run! So talented.
I love watching VCU. Their defense is more exiting to watch than the most exciting offensive player.
#idRatherHave The New Girbauds Than The New Color Levis
We don't know each other but wanted to share. “When there is no enemy within, the enemies cannot hurt you.” :)
you all ova that #ChurchClothes !!!! NICE!!!
I hate awkward moments :P
Just get home from the gym after a solid workout and find butter chicken at home.
Dodgers have spent over $20 Million on their bankruptcy case. Apparently not cheap to file BK
Just around the corner. What do you have going on this weekend?
We just have to accept the fact that some people are going to stay in our heart even if they don't stay in our lives.
Im going too hahah
I know I shouldnt care, but I still do no matter what.
lol. If we can't laugh at ourselves then no one fucking can. :)
i love that you and are doing the goods together!!!!
What's your favorite song In the last 5 years ?
Bruce doing his weather.
Actually, I have watched 'A Very Potter Musical'! I liked it very much indeed. :)
Going to emilys house!
Man...without students, the office sure is quiet here on campus. Not complaining mind you
When kesha was crying I laugh a lil inside......
Never got into Lost, just seemed like an overhyped soap opera.
Zen and the Art of ILS Migration
me i hate those guys i felt like i want 2 beat them up ugh i hate them
Less than 4 hours till Super Bowl kickoff. Come join us for the party! We're in the Grossmont Center in La Mesa...gonna be a blast!
When in doubt, mumble.
Thank you! RT : #smarts big shout out to for having a beautiful website - design supports its story.
Rep. Bileca Thanks Democrats for working with him on good ideas in this law. Wouldn't you want this law if your school was failing?
Can't wait for the the debate between & tonight y'all! Talk about hide yo kids, hide yo wife.....
any kind of all driver autograph session this year at Macy's?
he's a wanna be actor
he do be bullshitting on the dress code! Even for the dance he tripping -__-he a bullshiter!!
Hey you've got mail
haha there's alot of applications so it might take awhile lol
I'm a dancer too so i'm soo excited to see the new dance!!!!!
You hustle hard, to make hard money!
Things I've thought about so far today: 1. Being a successful entrepreneur does not map to being an effective leader. These are compl...
thank you. :)
lol RT : TUESDAY? you know what that means one day closer to friday lets have a drink to that
Seriously so hungry
: What do we mean when we say "critical literacy" & how do we teach students? How do we scaffold that learning?
Greinke as good, but ERA is higher. Can see that being a factor in possible negotiations with #Brewers, although it shouldn't be.
Hey Byron, thanks for the constant support, I appreciate it. KNOCK-IT-LOOSE!
precious still mad at me ?
mitt romney ...bring your rush limbaugh trash here ..i'll burn it ...sean hannity kma...let's go...I'm waiting you regressive libertarians
Idc how you look you when light a cig your ugly
Erakat says Israel hiking book &#39;incites violence&#39;
What better way to spend #ColumbusDay then to sign up at nyfocusgroups.com and sign up to be a part of a focus group
ABQ March 11-13. the half pint brawlers will be bringing the finest in wrestling on Sunday the 13th. more info soon! www.rocktheink.net
“: will do lol :) anything new coming up for you?” Lots! Just nothing I can discuss publicly yet. ;)
All the dry wall upstairs. Walls almost up and done.
A little GNR to start my morning?... don't mind if I do ;)
Which filmmakers out there use and love Adobe Creative Suite?
I lived in a hunted house for over 4 years. And two more hunted houses after that on..
now to go for a walk to work off that ice cream
many circumstances - 9 yr olds run wild in my neighborhood; it's functional, not dysfunctional
RT : Breakfast w/Bob was #profound today! The book 59 Seconds was the topic, Wow...#Enlightening. Thank you #BestSellerBob!
Congress votes Friday on CISPA, which is basically another NOPA/SOPA. CALL YOUR REPRESENTATIVES & TELL THEM TO "VOTE NO!"
I said it was okay!! & your not a virgin??
Just got back from Malaysia and DC training courses. So glad to not be traveling for a while. Now if I could only catch up..
On cold, rainy, January days its a comfort to remember - only a month until pitchers and catchers report.
But do you think I can actually focus on writing any part of the book w/ flip flops on? I thought you'd have a dress code for me.
My power on my cell is out red must charge it now sorcery everyone k bye;)
Acidic wastes are formed in our cells as we burn nutrients to get energy to live.
Its so predictable. The ratings are <U+2B07>. Everyone already knows the plot line. They just need to just end the series permanently
HOW'D HER ASS TASTE LOL
I would buy the Special K company and sponsor Mikey...
I want some fish!
We would like to THANKS Jerry Stevenson for being our 155th friend! Keep spreading the word of our fan page friends!!
and if the delivery date is passed an I have no package isn't that a problem?
Seeing if this white noise app has a Gilbert Gottfried setting.
i can hear his bones creaking and skin stretching as we speak...when the evolution gets up to his throat and vocal cords..voila!
Home alone is such a classic
FUCK man... seriously..
Reminded again why I love San Diego
this time no him being the
Thunder vs Boston for the finals. Bosh out hurts the Heat
Thanks guys for makin my bday/soft opening one to never forget.
Extra big congrats to 2011 IIA winners and on their 2012
Grrr. Bastards. Something will come along when you least expect it. I know it's frustrating but just remain optimistic! :)
Happy Birthday! I love u so much,have a gr8 day/nite :-)
Thanks love. :)
Huntsman receives second standing ovation
she's not at a good 'pants weight' right now, Sarah..
You're fast. And appreciated. Thank you for responding to my email!
that nigga harden balling y'all niggas
"What if the rest of your life was the best of your life.?" -- Alfred, Lord Tennyson
We need a 2.5 mile #shamwow to get this race going ...
He has demonstrated some "coping skills issue" in the past. This year the guy is a much imporoved player all around
I have the munchies...but then again I always have the munchies.
yeah & i try but the middle school sucks too much soo :(
First night at TLA and I'm getting a flood of calls from work. Might as well be in the office.
R u in Las Vegas? No wonder you've been up late the past eves... Not many still up xcept us Left (coast) folk
Impossible love can become an addiction.
lol my dad thought it would be cheaper than going to a restaurant.
"innumerable riotous angelic particulars that had been lurking in our souls" love this! we should look for this in others
I heard about it. Sounds like fun! But I'm going to be in Minneapolis for a bachelorette party for a wedding I'm in this summer.
My Iphones so fucked anyone wanna buy me a new one ;)
I'm so relieved! I havent been this relieved all semester! Now all I desire is a good laugh!
hmm... I'd have to make them mechanical so they can move, otherwise what's the point?!
sometimes being single sucks....only SOMETIMES!!
Ever think this would be true? : For what it's worth, the Cards have the highest cash payroll in the league at $119 million.
Thanks for the mention in your publication! Appreciate!
Now that's a revolution I can truly get behind.
Happy new years everybody! 2011 is gonna be an awesome year
Lust caution theme
Heading up the hill to this long weekend with the family. Myla is so excited to stay in the cabin and play in the snow!
holy cats! RT I'm going to try fancyhands, and am almost besides myself with excitement. This is the service I've been waiting for!
haha, wow really? That much of a difference? I'll have to try that lens :)
If you would've figured out that I'm right about JLH then we wouldn't have had to drag out the debate :)
Riding a horse is not a gentle hobby, to be picked up and laid down like a game of Solitaire. It is a grand passion.
-bitch geting out of line..
Two out of two teachers agree--Blueberry Halls Defense are the jam!
#bucks record vs teams with winning seems pretty anemic do u have that stat handy
Long week the engineering test. #fail. This week equals
Heading to the first day of the rest of my life.
harry: what is your favorite starter up coversation. lewis: will you marry me. harry: simple. but effective. lmfao!1
#Weightloss and #fitness #motivations can include pride. What motivates you?
Kar Ap boltee RapTV? You could if you watch our videos online everyplace
WE ARE(:
Which Whole Foods? I had mine stolen outside Whole Foods on Houston a couple of months ago.
Cause this bitch don't know the history that 6528 did to the block
do you have a personal fb that you're adding fans on? Just want to be sure its you!
RT : When I play 'Sadie' by The Spinners at 7:30, be caller 10 to 239 1067 to win passes to Holiday World! WOO! Do it for Mama!
now i cant breath out of other side of nose.
u love the polish sausage
One of the good things about working at home is getting to watch movies while I work. Just finished watching Revenge of the Nerds
I've never sold anything on eBay, but I've bought a ton of shit, how does it work selling stuff !!!!
And I'm one lucky girl. :'D <U+2764>
Tweet me your #MLB team and I'll give you their Fan Cost Index number along w/avg tix price. Ready? GO!
Gamel! Lovin this kid so far!
I won't...*sad face*
And then there is the whole cute thing too,
#ReasonsThatImSingle because i trust God and his preparation for me in order to carry out his plan for me. His will be done, I wait on Him.
#FF These seriously social students
That's wsup had too I need them Japanese Nike running shoes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : u killed that one lol nicee
4 Students sing to the LCPS Board in Spanish wearing red shirts that say KEEP FLES.
All you see, I owe to spaghetti. Sophia Loren
awe. thanks alex. i havent been on twitter in a long time, ive been gocarting. (:
y'all doesnt know what she wants to do to her hair......
dogs and cats, like people, are either right-handed or left-handed--that is, they favor either their right or left paws
I swear that place is like a mall!!! There's like 4 Starbucks In there! It's like heaven!(:
Work out endorphins are da bomb! One of my favorite things in life...
dude my nana has those! -__- so dumb.
losing my soul
/ hold up tim its called praying not tebowing!
Instead of getting dressed I'm just sitting on my bed naked same thing right
Thanks for the follow, Kelly.
whats your thoughts on the PPV in DC? I will be there? will you
word of the day: #FASCINATE.......in all you do, if you don't fascinate, you fail.
well we love you too! ya heard??
Organizations with Subscription Accounts and Communities can now invite people to join Visimeet, the account, & community with one click!
So whenever I hear Who's Loving You I can't help but think of that pathetic attention grab from her. Her show got cancelled. I call it Karma
I'm giving my sister 5 seconds to give me my money ,or this bitch is going to get hurt!
You laugh at me because im different. I laugh at you because you are all the same.
Awesome day for he just met
The cats in my house are turning peeing on things into a competitive sport. Anyone feel like gambling on urine?
While performing in NYC, the singer lets it all hang out.
I actually just retweeted it because i thought the same thing about you. weird!
Arg. This Google javascript in the search form is really getting my goat today. Refining search is now a complete pain in the ass.
Clearly I need to make an investment...today!
no Clinton moved to New York and was the Senator from there. It makes no sense to choose from a (D) leaning state.
Jersey is coming to NYC!! (And I'll be there too!) www.jerseyshoresical.com
Panic at the disco.
any idea where I can see those catchy Direct TV commercials?
How late does the show go today? Can we expect fireworks again tonight?
Floyd just needs to stay up right. Go Cotto !
You never on tweeter anymore ??? How u doing?
We are just minutes away from #CMLbookchat. Get your tweeting fingers ready.
#KCAS2012 can't wait. Selena betta win all of her nominations.<U+2665> & can't wait to see ONE DIRECTION<3
damn impressive!
Grateful Dead Dancing Bear Baseball T-Shirt
yes. The church scene was everything. I think do too. Karen always bitched about Ivy to Dev.
the morning, if he will act as a redeemer, good! let him redeem. But if he does not want to act as redeemer for you, I will do #Torah 67/99
The Bradford Pear trees that are now in bloom are choking me
I need to find that will power again!
Or I suppose you could hold a competition for the tickets…
I don't know. I've never played either. But I'm willing to give it a shot!
Hood hopper ---> RT : crazy thing is I'm from California but I'm not even a Lakers fan no more . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I am about to deploy a tactical nap. Please do not be alarmed. This action will ultimately save lives.
Put GOD First in ALL you do! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>If He can't come then I don't G-O!
Any ideas?
Yes. A personal statement outlines your goals and what you hope to learn in an internship. You probably wrote 1...
omg #touch is like my favorite show ever AMAZING!!!!
youre one of my favorite singers! Come to Tucson AZ!
Have an upcoming wedding? We offer a 25% off for your upcoming wedding to use at your leisure for those Davids Bridal Customers 419-475-9646
this girl right here wants to know your secret, haha ;)
Pack not ready to play today. Disappointing.
RT : If this were the Big 10 we'd murder it. But it's Big East, so it's gritty and tough. Or...unwatchable, spent teams
What's your favorite animes?
can't wait until fourth, baby girl.
Enjoying 's homemade ice cream, compliments of
"Put people in your company or in your portfolio of company's that will help you build a better business" -Tristan Walker via CNN Money
Good Morning everyone!! Don't allow yesterday's regrets to prevent you from achieving today's possibilities!
the SDCBC does free bike valet at all sorts of events all over town
you should play #SoListen by and ! this song is amazing and the listeners would love it!
Great play by our Sporting boys
are you in the library?
RT : Congrats for beating out Anthony Bourdain & Gwyneth Paltrow for Saveur's Best Celebrity Food Blog!!!
Love it calls Daniel Day Lewis D-Day!
I hope she's okay:///. What happened?
Any spider assistants for this one?
Were you on the SL beta?
Just saw Melancholia--amazing new film by Danish director Lars Von I-have-to-kill-myself-now.
Looking forward to spending the day with #BIG members at British American Biz Council event!
Happy Frickin Monday!!!!
thank u
thank u! U can find our makeup on the strip at and other MGM properties!
Thank you for writing 'Fire Burns'. It's helping so many barbz.
Saturday Nighy in SF Sr and Tom Thump present Melting Pot new party in the Loft at Raven new club in Soma 1151 Folsom Free & Funky
Indiana/Houston Scoring Artest is back just in time for OKC
Saved that. Need it for myself. ;)
I always did love your hot cross buns!
The movie were about to watch <<<
In the mood for subway.. Umh
Teddy Roosevelt helped the legalization of the forward pass in football back in 1905...Broncos today will have none of that nonsense
looks forward to hosting teachers from at
#Success: Don't just wish for it, work for it.
Happy New Year Portland!! Looking forward to a great year!
HE MIGHT GRADUATE? OMG YAY PUCK.
hm. That is a bit strange. I shall have to see what's going on with this.
Got my Brazilian workout on. Holy butt cheeks. :)
Not sure, but it's stopped now. Probably the sound of an oboe or something triggered the nose bleed ;)
when are you coming home?
have faith! Truth will prevail !
I would if I was 2 catch it on TV. (my fault, typo)
Just gone done watching "Annie" with my 6 year old. She was like "daddy...come on". we both fell asleep. Times change huh...
Happy Easter everyone. I hope everyone enjoys their day.
binge silver polishing. yeah, I didn't know it was possible either.
Mirror mirror on the wall, why are you taking up so much space? step aside, please. step aside.
Boxee is the device you need to watch any random internet video, says Roku has a Vimeo channel, hm.
I love that the first batter of the MLB regular season was Chone Figgins. Bud Selig is an equal-opportunity troll.
True that the Oakland A's may go to San Jose?
guess i just haven't really tried it yet.
fat self
lol totally, especially my mom!
i promise i will support you forever xoxo.
Support Oregon's coastal towns & vote for Astoria as the coolest town in America.
Filmmaking and photography are ways for me to see life through the eyes of others and be transported into a different world
I would but I don't have your number :-(
If you have bad credit, no insurance but an average income, how can you get your dental needs taken care of?
right they always reporting wrong stuff lolol
Mine or Toria's, not sure yet.
Can't wait to see.
I guess I'll just roll a blunt and take it from there.
RT : I want to thank Public Advocate de Blasio for presenting strategy to reduce number of #StopandFrisk actions by the
not at all! LOL
Just did week 2, day 2 of !
#teamfollowback <3 i ALWAYS follow back. LOOK AT MY following and followers
2:15 then three quarters later the Broncos will show up
I can't really talk, yet everyone is asking me questions.
Titans vs Falcons. Who’s your pick to walk away with a “W” today?
#swsx in long line to register... Awesome how even this is a networking event.
“When you are everywhere, you are nowhere / When you are somewhere, you are everywhere.” – Rumi
Thanks for the follow!
I'm following u just for that comment haha
That awkward moment when you look at someone and they are already looking at you.
You have until 5p to RT for a chance to win a $10 gift certificate for food & beverage on your next visit to the
Crazy, I'm retweeting all these convos, I hope that's right,it's like a like button?????
Been hanging out with Towmater again huh? RT : Wow. My fingers tried to spell professional: Perfessional.
I just know that decreasing time to completion in most US programs would put those grads are real disadvantage for jobs.
I shall set that up for you this evening! Do you have an etsy account already? We cld do a direct PayPal payment if not.
Abraham Salum,your restaurant "Salum" on Cole is fabulous! Mussels, rack of lamb, great ambience, great service with Zipporah.
Superb, quintessential Maraniss. Gotta love him!
thanks for the #FF <U+2665>
loollllllllllllllllllllllllllll. when i type a bunch of l's they all change colors on my screen . #coola'f
i already feel myself breaking down! p.s. can you believe its been almost a year since our crazy hoboken st pattys weekend? LOL
PRO. NLT 5:15"Drink water from your own well--share your love only with your wife."
anyone goin to the y today?
we have to but probably not
Dental care Personnel have to watch for this kind of scenarios and listen to their own gut response in such cases
hot damn!
You ladies are awesome! Glad we could do this today!
yeah...the ones you disapproved...
Welcome to the Twitterverse!
Not in the mood for work <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Very cute party hat (: You've inspired me.. I'mma go play in my photo editior, I want a hat too! haha
dudes cheapening the flu game by having some random tummy ache every May, it's wild corny
Your welcome. Would be nice to see WiFi and better airline food.
#oscar night. Not loving Emma Stone's dress
apparently its an issue with lion in general…from the beginning. I just have to reset router
Georgene & Gloria Bernhardt leave for Romania to spread some Easter love to the kids in placement centers. Georgene's 16th trip with us!!
RT : Have a great show guys! Thank you!
I love talking with artists about their process. There are so many ways to communicate!
Thanks to for giving me the opportunity to perish in the Philly airport for 2 hours with no A/C instead of taking me to England!
i before e except after c...
#ktru, silence those fuckers radio. RT : Rice U deletes an alum's comments re: #savektru on their FB page, bans him. Wonder why?
thanks for following me, looking forward to your tweets and your pics.
#SaySomethin is amazing! so proud of how far you've come <3 love you so much!
Clarity is critical to success. Clarity of purpose, of direction... it means setting goals.
i know;)
yep its me.
Is there a twitter voting section? RT “: Faves at #IronFork - and Lockhart!”
I never tweet!
": maganda ba SAMSUNG NOTE? o SAMSUNG GALAXY?"<<== both we're good.. I have me now Galaxy Ice Cream Sandwich :)
because tweeted yoou (:
they have very fair skin that if exposed to too many uv rays, it could end up causing serious damage in the long run.
thanks girl. I thought it meant right.
We are hiring! kitchen, servers, hostess. Sunny Street Cafe Arena District - please RT
We will be digital agoreans in the new digital agora pictured by Tracy
How am I suppost to know what FF is? Its keeps changing. Friday follow? Fizzy family?
power play goal ...rangers baby!
Cooking sum good ole lasagna and garlic bread
Classy move by Xavier coach Chris Mack addressing fans and alumni before the game today
Whose bright idea was it to act in one show, produce another & direct a third? Oh yeah...mine. What an ass!
"No one has ever drowned in sweat." - Lou Holtz
He said love takes patience - well i been patient for almost a year
lemon peel extracts. raspberries. licorice. = delicious skin.
People are still saying #legit. I thought that fell off with
keep an eye on the 4-5 batters!!!
Your stuff on Etsy is beautiful! You should use a photo of a button from your shop as your avatar on twitter.
went to NYC yesterday to discuss the Fraxel Device Clear + Brilliant yesterday. love new york!
goodness..I don't remember seeing her either. I definitely did not see Don Cornelius.
` it was okay until he started tweeting about sex all day
If I wasn't tryin to make rt wit the wife I would act a foo tonight spaceship shit
'cause you've got that Juan Thing.
aye doe . Lol nd yea I bet that would be nice ... Wyd ?
" I hate how you play the victim, like you do the shit you do because of your past. Better live for now or the future."
I just bought mc hammer pants at They rule
RT : If I see one more tweet (especially w/ an attached photo) about spring break SOMEBODY IS GETTING KNIFED
Anytime - Direct Message me for my cell number.
“If you’re given a choice between money and sex appeal, take the money
OK so the #Pirates made some errors & it cost them a game tonight. But 16 runs in two games gives me hope that the bats are about to blow up
$NASV going hard after breaking .01! Looks like .0125 is the first resistance. Looking to break it asap!
agreed! Hahaha I'm obsessed with that video!
I am cool. Where are you?
10 titles. 12 Final Fours. 21-3 in Final Four games. 9 Final Fours and 7 titles straight, 47-10 in NCAA Tournament. Wizard created a legacy.
Where can I send provisions?
I signed up for - discover new places around you, get Yelp reviews, Foursquare tips, ask locals for recommendations.
Shia Lebof and Harrison Ford in the same movie? Oh hell yes.
RT : . says "Interesting that noone is disputing the point I made just the fact that I made it" re: Communist comments.
BOYFRIEND >>the only song ive ever heard my sister sing decently.
practice today ....get better!
I hate FIU and their weird scheduling problems
Tonight at 10pm we are playing at Jazz Dock with my father Karel Sr. on piano, bassist extraordinaire Josef Feco and great drummer...
938 #followers my 1000th gets a full week of #shoutout s personally by me! Be my 1 week long VIP #teamfollowback #ipromote #iretweet <3
Great color on u :)))
RT : Tickets for "Childish Gambino Camp Tour" will be released TODAY @ 5PM at the Information Center!
Zeddie Little may have deleted his twitter account but he's still the talk of the town! We'll be on the lookout for him during the NYCM...
Monte Carlo "Come Escape to Vegas and Get a Free Buffet!": Monte Carlo "Come Escape to Vegas and Get a Free Buffe...
yeah that makes sense and its what I figured so I think we are good, and the bra thing, done it before (singapore) lol
Good day
me too o.o
Getting ready for LA... So much to do before I leave. Ah!!
r e t w e e t ; if you're proud that austin has come so far, maybe the most talented man i know. <3 he deserves everthing he's getting now<3
Beautiful weekend @ letchworth
Will point it out to her when she comes in today.
Ok kik me what you like most about me (: Josephsilva14. (username) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
you can put me in chains!
haah you have almost 20,000 followers..and no tweets yet.
there's just something about this kid that makes me happy when I wake up every morning. :)
My mom sent me a package. It came in a cardboard box. The cat couldn't be more excited. New box = kitty heaven.
Ok well if I ever get home ill come swoop you
Bring on the Jets in Week 1! I'll see you there (and )
Breakfast CEO Roundtable includes execs from and Florida's gov,
I hit all of them, including - such great clothes!! Keep up the good work!!
Appreciating a phone call from Barbara Tucker last night, just because. Blessed to be loved, respected, friended by artists local & global.
you think Norton will crumble under pressure?
can't wait to see some of our favorite restaurants at tomorrow!!
Jamison's primary work has been on spanish speaking people and latin America
im tired of you thanking us !we havent done nearly anything compared to what you do for us .THANK YOU. your story is amazing !
"Let’s just hope the Indians aren’t considering entrusting Damon with starting left field duties." lolz
OMG you're so lucky! Zayn follows you! I'm jellin'...
In the White Room with Black Curtains...
Mantra du jour: Costs are not losses.
Help ! ! Please 50 followers love!lalalayay love:)
Thank you all for coming out to our restaurant night!!
Only 4 days after today && I will be seeing in nashville!! (:
GOVERMENTAL OVER REACH! Why can't the tea party protest daylight savings time!
now that's sports reporting
me too! It's really good.
Your gorgeous!
#realtalk. RT : Sure wish I was asleep.... Or had a much better reason to be awake than work.
Look for a location in Exton in September!
Admittedly, I am one of those people who must relearn how to drive in the snow every year.
I have a feeling that has to do with the video... :P
Our July in the rain <3
Ok, phone calls are done. Time to read a bit before my writing.
I wish I could but I am so mad it's unimaginable
That's place!!
all bad! Haha Jk. It was good of course. Nothing bad to say.
the memory - mayday parade
Do you use iTunes?
makes two of us
Funny thing about growing up is that I can't do it. Crazy thing about life is.... shit wat isn't crazy about my fucking life?
You cannot multiply wealth by dividing it. - Adrian Rogers
Never accept that you have finished growing as a person.
Fahrenkopf: "Crisis requires federal legislation." Needs luck to pass Congress
My arm is fuggin sore from the batting cages
Fantastic shoot today at an industrial junkyard.
Are those US, UK or European sizes? They look like UK sizes. Do you have anything in extra-wide?
Owner and MS. Glad you liked it.
hard to throw strikes when the ump won't call the strikes you throw
Very good discourse. It was a success. Excellent mode of engaging in this vital discourse.
He's not washed up or done yet
John howie . Yum. And buss for a sunday.
I'm here for work until wed. I know its last minute but do you wanna meetup tonight or wed morn? I'm at bellagio
FOLLOW ME PLEASE(: x4
Wants to BBQ!! Why do I live without a yard? #ifonly i had a yard + time + food I would have a BBQ.
soo I was just watching the news, they were comparing sneezing to orgasms! lol
Coffee, sportscenter, and a jog. Nice start to a pretty day.
happy hour?
Tiago's free throw shooting is woah!
Tonight 7pm United Christian Church 2200 Peerless Road Cleveland TN REVIVAL is here tonight thru Saturday morning @ 9am and 11am.
Watching shake it up <3
Big #FollowFriday shout outs to these great peeps <#mustfollow>
my iPhone broke so I'm not on like age..how r ya? haha
I see well at least you are excited for it
Heading into a two hour product portfolio meeting. Fortunately we spend the entire time talking about
really bummed i'm not going to warped tour tomorrow since i'm saving money to go to a couple fall tours.
Observation: it appears gasoline prices are on the rise. Effect: people will have less money to spend, economy will crumble. The end.
Bleh spring cleaning
I want an iphone. Merrrrrrgggg,
Our program offers 14 tablets of Abilify at no charge to you. You just need a prescription from your doctor faxed to us.
Who wants a shout out ???
At annas. Just got done rolling up coins for weed tomorow.
thanks for the mention!
R.I.P Paul to a great coach and great friend I'll miss and your not so funny jokes I love you coach thanks for everything
has kid rock done carmina burana yet?
long, long, long, long day.
just fucking chillin, i ain't heard from you or court in fo'eva.
Saturday morning meditation. Mom and stepdad stayed over the weekend. Loving the gift of life and embracing the joy of family.
Yea He A Thug And Um His Gutta Baby
Why do I have such a huge crush on Russell Brand? LMBO!!!
If you don't love you who else will?
The Cabin in the Woods (2011). Directed by Drew Goddard. First time watch. 4/4
. Should be 6 home games, 6 away games. Flex scheduling under a bracket-buster-style system I wrote about last autumn.
Donuts and ice cream in the office kitchen are such a bad idea.
Well foo on them--we should do a joint / session on it next time around!
You will rise by lifting others. - Robert Green Ingersoll
Hey cupcake maker best friend. I miss talking to you. I made cupcakes for us. Wanna see it?
I was made aware the OldOnes are planning on sacrificing MLIS virgins in #ala10 to keep their jobs. Like I said, just a rumor.
#Brewers game!!
Black is beautiful. White is beautiful. Asian is beautiful. Hispanic is beautiful. Fat is beautiful. Skinny is beautiful. You are beautiful!
Yikes. That sounds dangerous.
can you shoot us an email at us(at)simplymeasured(dot)com and we'll see how we can help you out!
Did a man nearly get in my car at a gas station thinking it was his while his loved ones kept honking? Yep. I cracked up!
#HowLongZimmermanGoneLastInJail AMBER COLE!!! remember when we passed around child porn and shamed a 13 year old for being statutory raped
Washingtonian magazine readers have chosen Firehook's cookies as the best in town! Stop by your local Firehook Bakery and try one!!!
Damn this day turned into a smoke out fuk!
red wine & soup 4 brunch/excitement
Put my mind to rest try to sleep it off. Or am I wrong Ain't no doubt about it I can't live without it
Oy. No chaser... Just vodka and ice. My chest is on fire! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
This marketing flashcard tool is going to rock! Almost 95% complete, all integrated with Infusionsoft CRM too!
Q5 Meatloaf, burgers, tacos, burritos, sausage, hot dogs, lunch meat, oh so many!!
hey, that beats a cheesy hallmark card...
I guess I should get ready for today whatever I'm doing today lol.
the point i am making is, I HATE STORMS.
Going to sleep.
fun with game sevens...Bruins v Capitals tonight.
I love the pic
- easy lol. Now this is only sexually harassment...lmol
Woo! Thanks, C!
Let me know; if you want to play, I'll bring my acoustic bass and we can rock!
Don't tell Paul Wagner!
“The day you stop racing, is the day you win the race.”
HANG ON! IM EATING CHICKEN!
What the efff ! ?
^ Rose Mis A simple word for tonight ...Never let success go to your head and never let failure get to your heart ...
It's only a FM12 friendly, but Convey to Kei, Convey to Zus, Kei to Teal, and Teal to Kei = 4-0 v HOU, feels good.
RT : Let's go #lakers lets go!
Percent error of 166 for chem lab yesterday. #damn #redo hahaha
“: Save water, drink wine.” reminds me of us! Hah miss you
thanks for the #FF mention.
Indeed, hopefully we'll have put more money in schools when it's all said and done.
If you want an event planned for your organization or personal reasons for FREE, just email me at
i have those shoes! :D
Stop in and save! 20%-50% off Clearance
CHECK OUT THE NEW BOEING 787 !!!!
You have the cutest avi ever ((;
In water one sees one's own face; But in wine one beholds the heart of another. ~ French proverb
damn stop putting my voice on blast, I already have enough stalkers. *weave toss*
hanks for follow. <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A> #Scottsdale #swimlessons blog launched :/ #/tinyurl.com/6sje45e
and you say you hate me... More like someone's obsessed. Well I'm gonna block you now so get a life & stop creepin. k bye.
Bets on how many crazy women will wander onto the court tonight during the #Nuggets v. #Lakers game?
We have one at Stadium Bar on the 19th too so both would be possibilities. Would be a great addition to the event.
Lunch is over - back to work!
Gentry on Lopez foul on Griffin: "Contrary to what anyone’s saying about it was a cheap shot or a cheap play, I disagree totally with that."
I Love the State Farm commercial with the Young Black Couple.
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell they love
My school day is over with
Haha it was awesome! RT : I believe I just busted a move in front of and all our students. Wow!...
everybody cares
Thanks for the follow. I always appreciate a beautiful woman taking her time to listen to what I have to say.
Wrecked police car at I-35 and Toperwein Rd. Traffic is fine.
The trick is to use newspaper & purposely make it look bad. RT: Today, I realized definitively that I'm terrible at gift-wrapping.
“: I wanna throw a party with fake alcohol and see how many people act wasted” this is robby
2-4-1!! I just put in a take-out order for 8! Bring em home for me Jones.
I know I shouldn't, but I'll be watching when the Bengals play the Jets at 7. Sigh, it's gonna be a long season.
Juliet didn't win. I'm gonna cry.
Still feeling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7> too sick.... Adam made himself dinner so I could lay down. We're watching 30 Mins or Less & Lincoln Lawyer before bed!
WOW. that was really, really nice. Great job!
Need character and decorum? Explore Milwaukee's SDC. Talent may develop in solitude but character is developed in society.
Nice! Have a blast guys!
Just picked up the coffee, hot coco, & doughnuts for the site tour. Meet us at 10am
I wanna give Jeny and Edwin a pink eye one of these days c:
it is.. They'll be below .500 by the first week of June
no dessert, because I have to stay awake for the rest of the day at work. I'm pushing it with all those sides already.
This day just needs to end. It has continued to get worse and worse
Even though it's winter, it's necessary to clean your pool regularly. Debris buildup can permanently stain your pool's surface.
Class is so BALLER today!
Don't tell me you gonna hang up an don't do it cus I'll cut it short an hang up my damn self.
... and new shoes. sorry Kaleigh :(
lol i never do #ff's, i always forget
I just finished a 3.71 mi run with a pace of 12'06"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
that is a fact. Ill def see you.then
We no longer use DJs for entertainment at the pub. Sorry guys - but thanks for reaching out!
PSYCHED that my name has been added to NYC Department of Health and Mental Hygiene's Green Cart Mobile Food Vending Permit Waiting Lists in…
sounds like a reasonable plan to me
Are you ready for some unemployment checks?
#winning - Have a drink for me!
good girl!!
My stepdad just gave me $60....
Come to the Moore Lab of Zoology at Occidental College in L.A. & see our 6,000+ hummingbird specimens. Beautiful & surreal.
WE FOLLOW BACK x TELL A FRIEND x RT
Let's play this game again. Take a picture of whatever you're doing right this second and send it to me. 8016952772
#FF to - Hilarious!
In Gresham's NIGHTMARE ALLEY, the boy Stan's fateful choice between faith and conjuring, between the life of a mark and the life of a carny.
If Kobe makes it to year 20... It'll be his farewell tour averaging 15 points if he's lucky.
M's and a's all day
No thank you!
do you work tomorrow?
Thumbs are tickeling Me:D
congrats ! you've won the cocktail trio from !
Good monday to everyone
Usually if I drop you off home I get out and give you a hug. But I've been hanging out with the guys so much that I just say bye.
"Even if you start the game, I ain't shakin ya hand!"
Omw 2 npark wit ma FFLA camp from.d h.s days
Honor your calling. Everybody has one. Trust your heart and success will come to you. –Oprah
Thanks for the RT!!
Russia Develops Revolutionary Ammonia Rocket Engine | End the ...
online webinars that require a phone call to simply hear the audio =
RT : WEB POLL: Are your allergies acting up earlier than normal?
yup. I'm very in. You cool gettin a couple/few so they're together and I'll cut you a check?
it's a line from Clueless
I can't wait to go see #TheMuppets w/ ! Oh, , you can come too, but you have to come as Miss Piggy.
Kevin Smith movies aren't hyperexplained for idiots, they're hyperexplained for potheads with an attention span of a gnat. LOL
Loving my other half, time to make money, can't wait until Friday!!
Damn why is my dog so fucking loud?
I'm gonna name my next two animals "Icebox" and "Nipples".
thanks dunno what i'd do without you babe <3
Great job out there at SnoDrift! Love the live feed...glued to the computer! Give the GC's some love: car 685 and 294!
Jay you're in charge.. Let's do it in Hun Fri/Sun..
One of the fun things to watch is rivalries that have cropped up between Hansen/Dr. Hansen and other horses (or their connections)
“: Thank you for the ReTweets and the Shout Outs!” YOU!RE SO TWEETABLE!!
jeebus crow what is that outfit for?!?!?!?!?
Naw, just waiting on them to step up their game. I'm all for it if/when it happens.
yeah, it's absolutely the worst
Looking forward to hosting the Benefit Cosmetic House Party #benefitfan. Check them out!
I'm getting it just really did not have time but so many people were asking if cityglam had one and now we do...HEHE
The Costco Craze
RT : I wish! I work nights now, so my body clock is way off lol// Oh no!!
Cleaning the helix
thats why i might do it in the morning and i go to school like that fuck it !
great app. Thanks for mentioning it
Zoo was a zoo
i do loll
yes good show, always something I haven't heard before
obviously your not looking in the right places!
#Yankees tonight!!!
I hate Man U. I hate seeing Man u fans at American Soccer Games
We are looking for a current NYU student knowledgable in social media to join our team part-time next semester. Apply to
Good Morning #SoonerNation !
Excite my mind first
Exactly. PHI has given BOS problems this season. I'd still rather face them than CHI though, even without Rose and Noah.
Our own study has shown that our secret salad dressing adds 50 yards to your #fridayfunday golf game! Who wants steak tonight !?!
I love when the crack heads wave to me
Things not done that may or may not get done: Death Valley in springtime; climbing Shasta or Whitney; longer visit to Joshua Tree.
Ugh why he tell me that .now I can't get it out my head ......imma make da rite decision though ..
Yes! SO tired of Melo-drama. Get it over with, blow it up, and start over already. You know it'll be 10x worse come playoffs
#EarHustlin this lady talking abt how "much more excellent" she was than her ex-husband, followed by "the marriage didn't last". Oh word?
ME! RT : #clcc2012 UNCC hired a library anthropologist to help them understand better the way their students worked. Amazing!
zero skips turn to eliminate volcano. Third field comes into play.
Yaaaaayyyy I got a break!!!
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs and returns home to find it.
Dear , Do you give free birthday meals? If so, see you in an hour.
Jerry from San Francisco says Zug Zug...
You're the BOMB!
Don't usually tweet this type of thing but: reading Elizabeth Kostova's The Swan Thieves - Proof that MFA's aren't a waste.
Liking #freegetzy movement, much improved with the straight up stance and can get balls to his left, Yuni
The Raiders give up a 1st rounder in 2012 for Carson Palmer, wow. This is a player that has been "retired" for the last 10 months..thoughts?
we will be tubing with you my man. Vermont style
It's stupid when your ex says to you 'I'm here if you ever need me.' Where the hell were you when we were together and I needed you?
#ThingsUNeed2KnowAboutIslam is those that kill the innocent aren't really following Islam cuz Islam is not about killing.
smh lol it was like 2 weeks ago before Danny got there. I just know she was small and she had an older sister.
Definitely agree!
nice!!! Almost as cool as the laughing escalator at the conference center. What hotel is it?
Baby i want you <U+E402>
congrats on your sold-out show in NYC.
Subway for lunch was a great idea!
Mega Movers move historical JFK TWA Terminal "The Trumpet" to new JetBlue Terminal.
I feel liberated.
To be effective, a marketing message must have one main point communicated in a clear, succinct and logical fashion.
garden of forking paths one leading to a paradise of a library its own garden of forking paths. happy birthday Borges
Don't text me and say that shit #fuckno <U+E416>
Today is National Cleavage day!
hey guys retweet the tweet I just retweeted it would mean a lot to him ok
Watched "The Passion of Ayn Rand" last night. Interesting, not recommended. Rand does not belong in graphic sex scenes.
U funny mr.pryor....
I can't stand how people on twitter can be like you're cute go find someone or Scheiße like that. You have no clue how hard it is in Hawaii.
I feel you, really think he's a better game manager than Carson Palmer. But at least he's on a good team.
I love foreign currency, send me some?? lol
The GUSA senate unanimously passed the Executive budget and a bill to institute game rentals on Harbin Patio next year this afternoon.
the game was brig dedicated to him its hard not to make that connection
Thanks for the follow!
RT : As an earth sign a #Virgo is attracted to things of natural beauty and pure of heart."
Just did-wrote keep, keep, keep! Love your work!
HA! I found it! But now I can't resend the galleys. :(
follow please? (;
How did "Where Did You Go" by No Mercy get into my head just now? Seriously.
Of couse I'm just finding out now about a performance at school tonight. Bonus: It's my fault! Somehow.
its going good , wbu ?
they're the only ones with race cars. :-( Oso likes race cars.
Happy bday !<3 You're my role model and i've been a fan since day 1! , and
It's possible I'm addicted to deviled eggs.
Thanks my love
Got your tweet late...shits going to get wild...I'm gona hit you up tomorrow...
The story "Blip" that was on the STAAR today made no damn sense...I'm pretty sure I missed almost all of the questions to that story.
I mean, Super Bowl XLII was rather exciting. But don't care to see it again.
"TEXAS" Normal People: "It's a country.." Mahomies: "OMFG AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE!"
Actually, Chane Behanan said that he hated being called the underdog.
Just good clean conversation with boys on the red line...sometimes I miss me more of those metro days!
I am having great success finding and gathering wonderful materials for my new line. I am really inspired. This is going to be great!
RT : #QUOTE: "Motivation is when your dreams put on work clothes." ~~Author Unknown via
Be sure to tune into the Little Caesars Bowl today at 4:15 on ESPN to see the VIP Mentees and Mentors form the human tunnel before the game.
Yum! I love a good sandwich. rt 20th Annual KTRU Outdoor Show Today at Rice w Washed Out, Real Estate, Mr. Heavenly,...
I am going to New Orleans in less than 2 weeks... SO EXCITED!
Just tweet and quit complaining about what other people are doing with their own Twitter account.
Ready to get insane, FITzees? #Insanity Beach Body Workout begins in one hour- get that booty down to Pt. Loma, stat!
What up Scottsdale? I know You got soul...
Java homework, now fueled by espresso.
g'night e'rybody
maybe add her then! At least make sure the two of you are added so if all else fails then you'd still have her to room with!
Tweet me questions??
The world you want to live in, that you NEED to live in, needs YOU to create it ~Actor & Activist Beah Richards via
Convocation today. Are you wearing your blue and white?
Unfortunately I had to get them cut to save my life RT : Have you been neutered, you bad boy? :)
july 5th? popscene tweeted in june? Eitherway let me get a ticket ASAP! want to see them again!
After tomorrow my family will OFFICIALLY roll seven deep
Srsly? It's obviously The Keiser.
Stay tuned for analysis of latest San Diego County jobless figures by He'll post and update today!
Looking forward to performing country nightclub tomorrow night. Dancing, music,friends n loads of fun. See u all there
I wanna know what he wrote on your arm?
YEAH! congrats on the graduation and the job!
So into the pseudo-ponchos girls now wear and call shirts.
So after waiting 45 minutes, I find out that wants $70 for a mesh drawer. Surely they didn't mean American dollars.
So great meeting you with the other day as well:) Wishing you
LOL!!! This child is nuts
RT RETWEET if you love Skittles!
About to take a shower then do my hair
Did he think I was joking?
Friends how many of us have them
Yeap I bit my lip today....it hurts :~!
Maybe she took his ring. Based on the stories I've heard, she deserves it.
"Gingrich warms up to Romney." Calista, watch your back!
Today 12:00 pm WCPN Dee Perry talks to author Hank Shaw & chef Doug Katz of fire. Lively talk on foraging and cooking delicious wild foods.
Are you a client or partner of #INHP? What could we do better?
RT : Neither nor is an “Astroturf" organization. Neither receives funding from or
Trying to set up this recording thing, I'm gonna have to get some help! #NotVeryTechnical :S
let us know what you think :)
Thank you very much! And I might I look weird when I sing lol. Im doing live performances in the near future ill record them
I know I miss you too babe #nohomo Jk totally homo..
Imma dream chaser
I dont even use my tumblr anymore...its old news
Keep him. Away. From the vodka.
Want to compare your team against mine? David Vitter likes to wear a diaper with prostitutes and he's still in the US Senate!
Wondering if I should even try for you....
Here's a contest to get you ready for the weekend: RT to win 2 tix to this year's Beer Lover's Fest on June 16th!
im whizzing my backyard fastball 62mph. still dont know if i can pickup a W, against my neigborhood kids. great job
Our first love is something tremendously special that we will always remember.
Wow... My last tweet was a month ago?! Ouch. Google+ and my very busy life have not been kind to my twitter feed. Sorry followers. :•(
#YouCuteAndAllBut your just too sexy.
Seeking Models ( of all ethnicities) for upcoming TELEVISION Segments. Send info & pics to
be there shortly! See you tomorrow?
=] thanks for listening!
Somebody go get :(
": Not as bad as you blow in the 4th Qtr... RT : Under Armor blew it with those joints!!"
sold! Must-go-item: slightly-used/bald/sedated (now w/own legal $$!) Yours 6/5,
Just had a dream that I was in Hunger Games and was trying to kill me.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
#np - take it to the head <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I agree with you on being a little disappointed ..IMATS wasn't as huge as I thought either...got some great deals tho. :)
Unimpressed by Nicki Minaj's performance, stupid!
why thank u ;) nah, i was just thinking make it read better... all good
your profile says you are a craft beer snob. Have you been to to try their beers yet?
tv has no good shows n i am bored
bummer man. We'll catch up this week or next, and I'll get you that shirt too
You created an app??? You're so cool! Haha.
I thought it was funny.
Apparently mom's motto is YOLO.
Stoudemire got like eight layers wrapped around his arm & still playin better then most of his team, lol.
when the final 4 run is done and youve cut down the nets, come on back down to A-Town and lead your own progarm!!! OU,OU, OU!!!!
Crazy about edamame....I love it! I do. It's so good! Makes me feel happy on the inside. And that makes me smile on the outside too. :-)
Let the Os send Kevin Gregg out there....please!
No 11 for changing your life in #2012. The Right to Feel Good about Yourself! Happy New Year !
you can dooowwiiittttt :) when's your last day of finals?!?!
If a bitch ask me for a vacay all she gone get is a guilt trip
So excited is now on twitter!! Xo!
Getting better not as boring as when I first got here but making progress
Getting makeup and hair done with Dropkick Murphy's playing on the stereo. Gonna kick some movie ass tonite.
ppfffft ill go
I keep forgetting to twitter. Really don't have intelligent things to day!
The hottest team in baseball right now: the Washington Nationals! Eight straight wins and snowballs are starting to be thrown in hell.
its my birthday today can I get happy birthday? <U+2764>
In the words of Jason "Frogger" Conner - "The Big Ten is 8-1 in the tournament, and m*ch*g still sucks!!"
lol! tell me you've seen the friggin commercials for it!
Bitch get yo mind right.
Uh go away.
This part reminds me of me n my lil sis when we was young
Rejection isn't a sign that something is wrong with u! It's a divine announcement that person no longer has the capacity for your greatness!
goin to the mall to christmas shop with a happy ending.
wow! I would love to see this in a fiddle so I can mess around with it! I'm guessing it's all done with delays post-click?
ditch the android. Thanks.
did u see a girl in a purple love iconic boyz hoddie in the 13+
Thank you ;-)
I just listened to the album on & am neither impressed nor scornful. That video, however, is awesome.
lmao nasty ass
Since you don't believe in forever, I will say we will be together till death does us part.
Thanks for the support!
What's the best bookstore in Houston?
I hope you're okay. I'm sending as much love & prayers as I can to you. Stay strong.
About to start another 2 hours of #WISN12 News This Morning w/ & ! Hope u join us for news, weather & more
si si, a job well done.
a friendly reminder that your game is more than 6 hours old and will end soon (y4idn)
Faster, tougher, better hands, more productive & durable RT : All things considered, don't know why some rank Polk above DMartin
i feel u on dat bro
would love to see more libs offering writing workshops, can mean something in traditional sense but also music, video, design
Oh I figured you were just trying to hold in a fart
If you've done a good real estate staging job, a buyer won't be able to tell it was staged at all.
#AmericasGotTalent listen to Kiss FM then tell me what you think. America, doesn't have that much talent.
Ha! Thanks goodness. But what would a kid know about that?
Just kidding.... Haha. But still in shock.
The portal is in the ceiling. The CEILING.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I don't care what anyone thinks about my life.
I find Bruce Niemi metal sculptures reminiscent of Brancusi's bird. Spiraling upward, with fluidity.
Peter and will in an elevator...playing nice???
This ~> RT The NCAA is now working with select reporters to attack certain programs. New territory for NCAA. Disturbing.
NEWS: MCS receives nearly 2M in grant money & donations for gang awareness, workforce training, leadership initiatives & more.
3 solo home runs tonight 3-0 vs. LA
Happy Leap Day
RT : be a shameless dreamer! use the eyes behind ur eyes!
you're not lying last night's build is sick. Ah, you rock!
Editing photos so I can get some new millefiori on Etsy!
good luck!
I just do me. With no worries.
Ion entertain these dudes on this here web. I got a dude already
I'm signed in w/ Klout, but just can't figure out how to do the Klout+ recognition thing for people.
Birthday girl ;*
Happy to meet you Donald! You've got a great on in Jason!
it's great! as is its surrounding controversy!
Closed SHORT $AUDUSD for +31 pips profit; 11% of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 92% SHORT
tell Kinah to bring you some back
o my i want all of them(: ahaha ill fallow them an ee whatz will happen(:
IM SO SORRY!!!! PLEASE FORGIVE ME, TELL ME WHAT I SAID. NOW I'M SAD:(
The spurs need to take a team trip to the Barbershop.
ha ha play back.. Tell em u can't text anymore and u can only receive calls
it's been a while since I got on twitter...have you checked out Valley Road Entertainment on Facebook? Like us and facebook will give us $$!
Good luck! We'd love to have you here. #SDCC :)
Extending events in SQL 2012 session with Chris
Ew I hate seeing my battery go down -_-
who's are they?
Thinking about just putting this dating/relationship stuff on the shelf for a while. Way too freaking confusing + messing up my energy/goals
The Silk Tie likes Dave!
Never give up on what you really want to do. The person with big dreams is more powerful than one with all the facts.
Silly rabbit tricks is a girls best friend
RT #hybris word cloud highlights : innovative, open-minded, social, ambitious, passionate, open, fun
Life is so short. Seize the day.
We had 3 Comedians @ Hard Rock yesterday. Johnny Rock, Chris Fontana & ill Will Real Talk. I busted 2 gutz. 1 of em is still hurting! lol
Some people need to be reminded that spitting is against the rules on Metro. It's also generally gross and unsanitary.
Let me know what you think of Tin Tin. I was thinking of renting it this week.
#RITHockey fans: is actually known much more for white hots than sausages. Just sayin'.
thanks cuz its beautiful
Lool, the white chick with dirty hairr? I WANNA SEE.
we can't wait either, what a fun night!
#webdesigners: The #webcontent clients give you for their sites could prob be a lot better. When they look good, you look good. We can help!
Played a lot of 20/40 stud this week. Ran terrible and didn't play my best either. Down $2087 in 32 hrs Expenses-hotel 121, gas 48, food 136
I need to check my email .
Have you been to Scottsdale recently?
lolol they dont! you know im getting old!!
I NEED TO VENT.
Of course! xoxo
Why does it seem like al the best singers are British for example:Cher Lloyd,Adele,Jessie J,The Beatles and of coarse OUR BOYS!<3-Kelly
It's not truly the holiday season until I've watched A Charlie Brown Christmas.
okay <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> I'm hoping!
+1 RT : Thank you Brewans (Brewersfans) for your support in a tough win that we needed. It keeps us fighting.
"God is to science a cause, to philosophy an idea, to religion a person, even the loving heavenly Father." (30.1) 1:6.2 UB
I'd like to live in a place that had a 90% chance of snow. Instead, I live with a 90% chance of heat that will slap the smile off your face.
would love to keep u warm...seriously sleep well dear
Baron Davis hurts knee something awful. Bad luck
Responded to FIRE @ 188 Lincoln Ave, Bronx, NY 10454. Red Cross auto update.
Now all I've got to do is get a card and I'm done. Nordstrom was jumping. All the last minute shoppers. Lol
hahaha!!! Not bad. “: New T-Shirt idea..."I love being a Turn-Off" ”
Your worth every second. Every fight. Id fight a thousand wars for you. Even if I lost them all<U+2665>
Just ran into my choir director while doing a film project at Booksellers...
our house is a very very very fine house...
it wasnt a sac fly A Rizz
Agreed! has some of the most nicely designed beer labels around.
People tell me I have OCD and then I tell them to go back to their contaminated lives.
when i walk in ... you walk out . wow . your tough shit , huh ?
Ok, I take it back, I enjoyed the half-time show.
#royoswalt to the #phillies, I would NOT accept that option - talk about Kevin Brown redux. . .
Love movie night alone
ConnectPoint this Sunday is THEE Sunday! North, South, East, West: invite your friends and family. God is moving!
Last nite, dreamt an Archangel fell in love w/ me but no 1 could know, so we got married in secret on a star & I became a royal angel.
Underground Television is tomorrow.
Never gave 2 fucks, double rubbers
Take control now, before the holiday sugar hypnosis takes hold! Give yourself the gift of health rather than sugar overload! TOMORROW EVES …
Okay, writing isn't complete bullshit I started something I kind of like. Watch the wordpress I'll post the whole shebang.
Dis Gurl Tawking About I Own Her $7 Ion Know What Fa
On cold days like today I wish I lived on the equator.
Interesting AK State Museum web chat 2day with museum folk from all over Alaska. Next: May 18th at 11am.
hasn't arrived yet, but Dean is here ...
First full day of #alamw12 make sure you stop by booth 2321 to register to win a Kindle!! See you all soon :)
Today, August 8 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Matt Alber | Grammy Winning Singer, Songwriter | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Tonight is #WorldBookNight, too! Out of the 30 featured books, I've read 2: The Things They Carried & Ender's Game.
Wow.. way to be a bitch
If your vision is for 1 year, plant rice If your vision is for 10 years, plant trees But if your vision is for 100 years, educate children
We got back so late we didn't end up going!! Tomorrow after Burke's??
AND HERE WE GO!
Thanks! I'm really looking forward to it b/c the audience will be community college folks from all content areas, not just English.
lovin ya pro sexy
News made in Mon's Senate mtg! Monthly newsletter allowed 4 info on clubs, events, lectures, ASUP etc! Exec. Board working out the details!
Look if you want to do a rea ghost hunt Zac from GA., go to Bethlehem Steel in Baltimore, Maryand. Lots of deaths & traped souls. I know
girl. Still no bags! This is a nightmare!!! RT : no bueno! - get my girl her luggage!
You get the best of me? I'm the best at rapping/ that's like a mayweather pacquiao fight, it'll never happen
My heart goes out to the #IndyCar family today. Terrible tragedy.
SF Bay Area Branding and Web Design Firm, Project6 Design, Features Case Study For Cal Maritime’s Award-Winning Website
Q7 yes, please no form resumes and cover letters, address the job ad and its requirements in your application
I don't think you're a prick.
Congratulations! Welcome to Phi Beta Kappa!
hey now i will find someone no worries
Not so much. Kobe isn't quitting after one game. He's giving a dumb answer to what he considered to be a dumb question
#Thatmoment when I walked into Sams kitchen and see that one person standing there looking right at me smiling. That moment... Is over(:
Technology can provide a clearer picture of emergency - Post-Bulletin
Do you know of job and business opportunity ads in a foreign language and published in an Asian community paper? The FTC wants to know.
dude I love this machine. It's changed my life.
I didn't get picked in lottery for the 2012 ING NYC Marathon... MUTH@%$#&*!!! 2nd year in a row. Que mierda, coño!!
says trust is binary--you're either in her circle, or you're not (I want to be in!) :)
So im watching the news and i dont really know why but they say the gossiping is good for you.. lol whatt???
Foreign Frame of Mind ...... Coming soon.
I feel your pain, it's a never ending battle! :)
figures. gave me a terrible headache.
#purerelaxation #satisfaction. Jealous.
Perris Blackwell is a big boy, but he runs the floor well. Good pickup for Washington
Sometimes when a girl pushes you away, she's really fighting for you to pull her closer. Don't let a good girl go
especially a princess like u?
I really can't stand the word "Ratchet"
on repeat this morning. Hell yeah!
expert IT/server/network management at Lithium Networks
Heyy everybody its a wonderfull day and Im so happy to have so a nice class lysm by jessi andii and raphii
It's an exciting nail-biting day to be in Vancouver
Nana said she'll make you mashed potatoes :) <3
“: should i write a twitlonger or does no one care” I care.
I just got back I loved it! They really made Chicago look amazing =)
i have a crush on her and her character is my favorite on the show. :D
Alright I just did . Did you check the site out ?
i feel the very same/think the very same. and i'm looking through your blog with my jaw open like this :o because i rarely find--
Oh my gosh no way!!! I'm counting down the days :)
My going away party is tonight!
Despite all my rage, I am still just a rat in a cage
Looking for bands for our compilation c.d.!!!! Email if you're interested!
thanks for the RT!
Shanked one today
hello beautiful
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano. <<Best Eminem Lyrics ever! <3
Materialism vs Philanthropy - I'm not sure that it can go both ways.
Yikes. RT : No Mavs players addressed the media today, just Rick Carlisle.
Malayan ref's name in English translates to "Jim Joyce." Hm.
Dinner with mr. k <3
Tell me darling, did you do it out of spite?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME YOUR MY HERO AND MEAN THE WHOLE WORLD TO ME SO IT BE A WISH COME TRUE UR SO AMAZING ALWAYS SUPPORT. U <333333
what's the point of going to school anymore :/
The best thing about me is you. -- Shannon Crown
We're in our kitchen tomorrow. Not near the convention center. NW 24th btwn Thurman & Vaughn. We could have something for you.
Hi.<3 can you please follow me? It would make my day! I think i'll die if you do!! I'll need CPR ;)
Heres our #Belieber goal try 2 make #welovebiebs a trend until sees it or tweets something about it!? Ohkay
& know they're cute. Why can't they come down to Miami?
Then we'd have myspace.
someone is blasted and swag
YAY!!! Send me your resume
Can't wait to see Mika and Dr. Brzezinski tomorrow here in Philadelphia! Buying the book today!
And he/she/it is a hockey fan!
Seattle's Coolest Santa will be on the O Deck for 8 consecutive days! Come on up and take a picture with Santa between 11am-5pm 12/17-12/24.
Just got a French Silk pie from Village Inn!
watching a league of their own, and counting our change. and i are getting crazzzzzzyyyyy
The assessment & feedback portion can be a problem for podcasting. Ways to get around this? Twitter; listener surveys; Google search
I'm channelling clueless the movie today
Great post! Awesome tips on drafting google ads.
Sweet & Low by Augustana
Great news! the bar now has Wi-Fi!!!!!! Ask your bartender for details...
I'm not dumb...
Leaving Lost Wages.... I mean, Las Vegas. New track with is finished!
Sekkisei translates to Snow Skin Essence coz white skin by Sekkisei is inspired by the beauty, luminosity & landscape of freshly-fallen snow
I just used gchat too coordinate my grad research team project at TxSt. It's nice that you can keep records of the chats.
I'm flattered. I'm doing my damndest to bring back that 3/4 time country. Our time is coming, Tim, our time is coming!
The #Falkland Islands population strongly wants to be British. Discussions about Argentina's claims should end right there.
How you durn L.A.?
We had an extremely productive practice tonight. We can't wait to see everyone on the 3rd out at Grim's Roadhouse! It's going to be a blast!
RT if your going to watch on iCarly or SNL(:
congrats on your win at Bay Hill.
the dude clipped Sinovic from behind.
Better late than never..Happy BD Jack Nicklaus one of the greatest golfers of our time!
love you girllllly. :) miss you!
checking off two *huge* to-do list items!
I love that both coaches continue to sub in OT frequently. Many coaches freeze their lineups in OT
Granite City patio and Sporting KC game today
Hey! Just heard about Golden Hat Foundation. Can't wait to see the book!
Sorry! No, you are not an offender
That looked like the bad news bears.
If i could get rid of my type 1 diabetes, i totally would. I hate it!
your article has SingIt as free, but itunes has it as .99 ...
Thanks for the mention! Our towelettes saved us on the slopes this week, that's for sure! See you around and enjoy the show.
I'm a big Fan of Greg Sulkin.I his fan 1#.Yay!!
love it!!!!!!! But new moon is prolly my fave!!!!! Mint chip eh? What brand?
CD jackets printing must be colorful if they're used for music and movies
Duke and IU are due for home games, UNC and NC State are set for the road. So its UNC or NC State
Thank you. But enough about me. I hope that you stay close to Christ and I know he has big plans for your life. your awesome! :D
Thank you:)
I'm racing to win tickets to the #InTime Premiere! Please RT! #InTimePremiere please please!!!!
she not even here for me to ask her she lefted her cell and why would i got out for only two hours theres no point
Happy New Year. Here's to our best year ever! A very prosperous 2012.
: Well I said quite simply, united need a miracle
Do you mean the raw recordings referenced in your project, or the files in the temp directory?
"Have you ever been to the liquor store next to the DMV? It's great!"
you know i was thinking, i need a samich, not no ordinary samich, one with peperonies samich yea baby. :D
just reread my last tweet to you... im the PERFECT person to help these kids with spelling
As I watch it I say "oh no, dont let it be the teacher" "Oh no, don't let it be the guy running for governor" I love it!
#Saints QB Drew Brees is my fantasy MVP from last year; the guy was white hot down the stretch; tremendous season.
time flies when you are on top of the world ;)
I just got the weirdest & most hilarious voicemail from a restricted number ! Some dude sang a 3 minute remix of YMCA(:
i just noticed your really pretty. Idk just thought I should try to make someone else feel better.
Do this Pack.
Last first day of class ever tomorrow ah
I can't believe I forgot both my phones and my camera. So much for Tweeting some photos from Haiti! I'll #DoBetter next time
yeah but how many are porn bots? At least our Facebook likes were authorized by human beings.
No YOU cycled 14miles for gluten-free cupcakes. Hehehehe.
I'm feeling a large amount of vindictive pleasure right now. I'm waited all season for that.
Nothing much.. just gonna go to my brothers baseball game later haha yeah... what you doing?
#IfWomenDidNotExist well... I wouldnt be here right now.
#foodlabsummitdr #agriculture #Haiti REBO has a #CSR model for sustainable coffee integrated production, processing & distribution
Young Strangli voe!!...aka "momma!.there go that man again"
ok, i lied. This was for a kraftwerk look alike contest.
=P Us too
Lorraine Lopez is in town for this Saturday's Award Dinner Ceremony at the Folger Library honoring finalists and winner of the PEN/Faulkner.
Happy New Year! <U+029A>(ˆ<U+25E1>ˆ)<U+025E> “Drop the last year into the silent limbo of the past. Let it go, for it was imperfect, & thank God that it can go.”
Bro you back in CO?
better than using socks! heh
Why not enjoy some Chicago night life before the big meeting!
I've heard that about you.
#PalmBchPowerPartners breakfast. Looking forward to seeing you today. Open Mic Thursday where every idea is a winner. Come.Get.Grow.Go
Wow, boycotting PLAY 98.7, if their "2days best hits w/o the rap" slogan wasnt bad enuff the commercial where they play the TI verse<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Where did the word #cocktails derive from? And why is it associated with polite society?
My abs routine today would have made u cry to ur mama.
Girl at Starbucks in Barstow gave us our order free I hope she has good karma going back to her
#ImThatPersonWho can't wait to restart the #TrueBlood tweet-a-thon with
Great coverage of speedweeks Mike. Look forward to a great season. keep up the great work. Best in the business
live in silence
would have to be Lewis Black by far my interview runs tomorrow
4916 HOLLYWOOD BLVD. LOS ANGELES CA. 90027. BIKINI $ HILL CONTEST.
Ever gotten up in the morning and felt this is the day opportunity is at the door? Just grab the knob and open - it will be exciting!
Have we covered Lebron's hairline?
google his name and Dan Le Batard haha ;)
story of my life
Thanks for the RT!!
Crazy theory: Adv. Baseball Stats are like the very beginnings of Isaac Asimov's psychohistory from the Foundation series.
John Lackey's head is going to explode.
**If you love One Direction go follow and !! xx
Rain can't stop my hustle
doing big thing. Keep dng like Vice2K represent Haitian Am so proud of yall.....
never had a problem, getting doe!
He wants the whole world watching so it will be close until middle of fourth then the Lakers will get every call in the world
Aw I'm so nervous about it! Hahah.
can you confirm that ravens offered a third rd pick for Osi ???
#Spinners up get a break on the first point, go up 1-0.
The mistake most girls make is thinking they can change a man when they cant. He'll change when he wants to.
DETROIT love baby
It's easier to put on slippers than carpet the whole world
giant eagle didn't have BRIE. BRIE.
I'm really sorry about your Conor, when did he die if you don't mind me asking? c:
First Reds win of 2012! The first of many to come!
I want all of this to happen.
your the best
Shall Die another Day
Encinitas planners approved replacement application for Arts Alive banners today, says Dep.City Mgr. Houlihan fotos deemed OK to display.
Everyone out there at May Day, please stay safe!
RT - The Cleveland Indians have the most offensive logo Since the Baltimore Orioles Mean Mugging Bird.
Thx for your support!
I'm a junior copywriter graduating in May, huge JWT fan, would love to send you my resume and Thanks =)
I feel like a slacker for just running 13.1
Don't forget to set those DVR's, buy that MLB package or fake a sickness if your at work today! Yankees game on at 3:05p
Find the good in the day.
Are you looking at wineries or restaurants?
oh sorry :(
PARKER EURO-STEP >>>>>
RT RT : Heres all you need to know about o's. They should have won 2 of 3 instead they were swept
Mentions.. Dead.
is the
free hair ! Conair 259 Infiniti Pro, 1875-Watt Salon Performance Ac Motor
Dats if I don't fall asleep :/
Jobs For Mba Earn your MBA Online at Northeastern University (NEU).
Gonna go get my dress fitted for the quincianera (I Don't know how to spell that!) Then I'm gonna play volleyball will Leslie again!
Welp. Annoying tweet about losing everyones number. DM me, or whatever so I have numbers.
No time for emotions.
Happy mothers day to best mom in the world Love you hope you have fun with us today.
I think I'm gonna cover a song by the band perry called "all your life" I know it's country but imma change it up a lil
what happened to the #BLACquickies ?
CMS: Groom believes that UMW site should express what we DO, not just show what visitors EXPECT to see.
Hardcore brainstorming session with our dev team. We may have had way too much or we're just really hyped up, can't tell.
Category 27B: Jim Kirwan; Patrick Dahl
Maybe Oakland now drops out of bidding for Manny and he'll sign with
But it definitely out-performs the orginal function of a panopticon- so should definitely have new terminology.
“: Don’t judge my path if you haven’t walked my journey.”
yeah def! Lol that was not a good idea just now hahaa
can u please tell me when ur coming to florida? Im like about to cry cus idk? I'm honestly a huge fan! Please dahvie ur my idol
THANK GOD I don't have class on Mondays. I need 2 days to recover from a weekend like that one.
Thank you so much for the FF!! :-)
Any takers? The more embarrassing, the better. Got Spotify, will dance.
u unfollowed me first
CTFU This grown ass man tryna talk to me with some damn Sean John on. Gtf outta here man. >.<
I FUCKING HATE YOU RT : I FUCKING HATE CATS
The mild temperatures this fall are fabulous! However, the chill of cold Winter nights are nearby. Weatherize your home or your business?
Listening 2 future durty sprite-Stand this lijah song lol it just brings bacc all the memories he made people day!! The good go 1st.
Steven's response to caddy William's comments reflects an ungrateful athlete's attitude to their support people.
RT Why can't I sleep?! Fuuuuu!
no, I completely understand the sentiment.
Post half marathon breakfast at bunnys. You'd think I have never eaten before! The 55'er -
ok, I told Yvonne I was planning to come this month, let me know when you want to go.
Darvish better be lights out for Texas bc spending $111 mill to sign a guy from Japan is a huge risk. Just ask Boston (Daisuke Matsuzaka)
"refuse to complain about being cold when the sun is shining - better than cold, grey, and gloomy!"
Congrats to !! Keep it rolling.
It is awesome and this event will be a parade of fun. Come stop by and say hi at our booth.
Kickin it wit
Some great #nba hoops to open the season. Overall a great time of year for
Yeah , we were bestfriends . We hadd a fight , and we finally made up andd became friends . what dontt you get about thatt ?
#trend: increase in people searching twitter to find information they're looking for, example support due to recent diagnosis
I think you could hit 4 home runs easily tomorrow in San Diego.
Thank you, my friend! It's the 'nature of the beast' and I'm playing in its' cage....with bloody ribeyes hangin' from my belt!
good looking out...lots of Wisdom and Love in that album...hope you had a great day sweety!
and we allow up 7 days in advance
It was for the camera!
It's funny how people tweet Kay and I think they are saying my name. :o Im like 'What?' XD
You are very welcome. Tweeting is so much fun isn't it? You meet some really great people too.
Day 3 of the baggage hostage crisis. No one answers the phones at O'Hare, 1-800 customer service cannot/will not help.
You already know N.G. it's going to be one wild night. I haven't been out for a min too.
all day gaming.
"Er...you didn't follow to reprimand me about my pink/purple striped socks did you? #Guilty" <~Stripes?oHnO
you coming to again on Saturday ?
Colin Firth. Yes, please.
I wouldn't call them gay but I would call them overhyped and not as talented as other musicians I enjoy.
Ah that bvb song is stuck in my head now
Just edited an interesting story by about using magnets to treat depression. Look for it on Sunday.
Maybe its gonna be crazy tonight maybe not
No doubt.
Most of us are just about as happy as we make up our minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln
depends on if you want tee shirts (sun) or posters (sat)! Tell madison tweeps! :)
wats up my brother blessings in the new year to you & yours.
and we take take take it for granted that we'll be the same....but we're makin all the same mistake.
Starting trip to BTV to connect w/ #miamaustin and #laneytrue! College road trip not.
RT " is this one a 3-leaf?" #retardquotes " ....yep im stupid.
librarians, archivists and others: what are you favorite websites, tweeters, etc. for career development or mentoring?
Goodnight C:
Thank you for the RT! I hope you have a great wk!
Pgh debut of Scratch 59, Mighty Moose Mild, will be next wed during our beer pairing. Plenty of Tickets still available!
I'm still, big, BLUE!
Good Night <3! And Happy Birthday Prodigy :)!
Uwe Reinhardt: Democrats and Republicans agree on many aspects of healthcare--problem right now is purely political.
Hottest team in baseball - RT : After beating the #Mets today, 9 game lead, biggest in #Brewers history! #FeartheBeer!
u live in charlotte? lol
Wine Smarties WSET Alumni students have a Blind Tasting event tonight. 30 wines! Wish us luck!
Love on Top (beyonce) on repeat
Damn my cousin kayla beat this girls ass nd sent her to the hospital nd now shes going to court for battery :O
Most intense storm cell is just northeast of Watertown right now.
10 courses lunch at Salumi was divine. It also means no diner tonight.
prove it
what do you want me to do? Are you a friend on FB?
i am not able to follow now bc i have reached max. limit for today so please follow me and i will add you soon. I will not follow after 1000
sup foolie long time huh
a little b&e later?
it just reminds me of how much I love walking downtown... now for some coffee <3
Thx so much! Enjoyed meeting you too
It is hard to believe that my son Lee is 24 years old.
Haha I always save emails to my worst clients for 7:59 Friday night
Just realized I made Crafty tweeps list. I like!
Who wants my drake ticket for $45 ??
there has been talk of a jessica jones show which would feature a luke cage & iron fist based off bendis book
Kids, your pants should leave something to the imagination. Believe me, our imaginations are kinder.
07 Daou #Cabernet. Rich nose & flavors with heavy, course tannins. Cherry, smoke spice, plum peeking out. 88 pts
The only reason he loves you is because he knows how easy it is to get in your pants. Damn hoe.
Quick! I'm driving on the 5 in an hour and need music recommendations! QUICK!!
You're welcome!
Im Following All of Them Already lol
maybe a phone with internet capabilities.
thank you <3
Ok good! We're glad you got home safely :)
Starting this mornin off wit some coffee and a hookah bowl!x
did it!
Shoutout - Sacramento's Science & Technology center is underway; follow & Clean World Partners donates $1..love it!
I have great friends.
lol your very welcome! woof!
Torres actually won't lose as much as u think. Doesn't get paid anyway for playoffs. If they go to the finals he actually MAKES $$$.
This is my favorite part of the day - GYM TIME!
Hi! I'm excited for #NWSA2012! Are you going to be presenting? I'm presenting on an #asexuality panel.
Awesome day with student ambassadors:
Girardi with that slapper from the point
Thanks for the follow, Matt. Glad to have another Wordpress writer on board.
I just don't understand is there something wrong with me?
Testing! I'm now using cotweet.com to manage multiple accounts. Fun.
who needs guns?
Music link for sound track www.reverbnation.com/epidemicchroniclesoriginalsoundtrack
Those people that are in your life for a small reason but it means A LOT to your personally >>>>>>>>>>>>>> :)
u went mac?
because I was trying to contact as many as people about it,
is it me or is Adam's face looking a bit chubby?
two tattoos -- one read 'no apologies' the other said 'love is cursed by monogamy' <U+2665>
Danny Waltman is single handedly keeping in this game. A series of unbelievable saves
“: Cam Barker scores for the Oilers and Ray Emery is now in goal for the #Blackhawks.” in first game since 11/10!
OH MY GOD BECKY LOOK AT HER BUTT...TOOCHIE(whos becky:){insider}
Goudelock held up four fingers lol
The past 12 months my life been very educational and self descovering. Love it!
I don't think #loonylo could hype Math 221 anymore.
great, great park.
How has traffic been for you guys so far? Superbowl craziness! :-)
great private marketplace conversations with publishers
Atlanta History Center exhibit "Atlanta's Book: The Lost Gone with The Wind Manuscript," 6/4-9/5/2011
the difference is how you act as an adult. Romney is still bullying gays 27 years later.
ACTUAL threats to marriage: narcissism, obsession with money, selfishness. Work on THOSE
Any sandwich shop that rocks out to Louie Prima is a-okay in my book.
For ever i will love u lord n be gratefull for my salvation amen.
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 10
great site & awesome information. Thank You!
The feeling of wanting to give up but dont want to let go is such a torture
Great comeback from
Great time for your first goal Kreider.
good luck!!:)
#imightbelesbian...first PGA golf, now football! At least I drink ketel and not #budlite!!
There are too many doors in the world to give up and assume that all of them are closed
Thanks for the mention ! Looking forward to the 13th Annual Camden Ace Awards this week!
(That won't be me, by the way)
Well said
swag swag
positions himself for Sec of State if Romney wins?
Quick is the name -
okay. I will call you.
you bet! Our pleasure - we fully support language learning!
50 school days till summer.
“: So my friens got in car accident ans is going into work today . . . #whatatrooper I love youu”
Spread love not your legs!
the pic says friends no matter what color so I asked even if I'm green?
A designer and the community who knew a great designer like #mortepstein was in my little neighborhood
Looks like Spartans short of the goal line, but this is an impressive drive.
I can change - live out my imagination instead of my memory - tie myself to my limitless potential instead of my limiting past. S. Covey
I'm so tired.
YA: Great direction again ! YA wast flawed in writing and casting (Theron was terrible). Probably ur worst movie till date.
gorgeous beast!
Sunday morning , Santiam high school, mill city Oregon. Come through starts at 6:30 lol
haha of course jarred is going to come with us. :)
Thank you for following ;)
#crrunconf defining knowledge work: analytical, distinction between information and material goods, granular view, looks like writing
no age limit
vegas so stop by ill b here till eight then its off to stoney country bar on las vegas blvd see u there
Thank you Baton Rouge! Next stop Montreal.
I hope she's not a cubist.
uh what that didn't make sense haha?
yeah nigga im down as ever, we will win that hoe easy lol
RT "At concert with Susie!!!!! it's National take your friend to concert week!!! loving it:)"
sorry bout your Spartans Jemele....there is still some room on tge Orange bandwagon
Makes sense.
lol yeaa..but I'm going downtown tmrw I think!
The ball is about to get rolling on a Valentine's Day music video. Aww yeah.
University of Kentucky football welcomes them both.
": Jose Durate of joins us in the International Pavilion at 4! #BGTRavel" Paiche Amazon Demo, total success!
Thanks to my pals tweeting from the tonight. Next best thing to being there. #NextYear!
so you do that too??
First thing they'll likely tell you is there's no apostrophe in Bankers Hill.
Thanks much 4 RTs & mentions! Enjoy the long weekend!
Life is like a box of chocolates, ya never know what your gonna get
2 fouls to give
this week is just not my week, i want it to be over .
Let's start our campaign now!
just thinking about dragoncon
i'm here. Just had a nice nap.
omg me too
how r u doll??
Summer is writing time. I am teaching a short course and hope to make it back to S.A. & Belize.
Hahaha You Smart
Congrats to - Great job on #NBC's #Today show! #Socialist #Obama RT
“: Great having lunch with ! Thanks so much ! I am now Peter Gordon.” // Welcome!!
Oh but of course! ;)
I think where I am on any road should be none of your or the govt's concern. Since when did Conservative mean Sanctimonious.
Going into day 5 with this headache. When should I start to freak out?
I'm so with you. I cannot stomach their lies. It's disturbing on so many levels!
Live The Life you Love! <U+262E> <U+2665> (:
ha! Well, I'm going to need to rely on you for some SXSWness
the change to charge for team members and cutting number of streams is annoying. Would have been nice to know earlier
could this week get any worse? Think about it, guys we have spent more than the last decade with....
I need a good happy hour idea for today. Any ideas?
I just had a conversation with a woman in the Phillippines about iPhones. She was offended that I didn't think they had those.
I'm very quick to judge people by their writing in emails. Wonder what they think of mine...
#LSUARK Tyler Wilson is 8-11 for 94 yards while Jordan Jefferson is 12-16 for 126 yards. Haters can have a nice tall glass of STFU!
Government is like Social Net, they never ask us about NOTHING! Simple is better. What does it take for anyone to realize this.
are my idol I love you all the best luck at all,always remember that all your fans love you and always will,I love Avril <U+2665>
i honestly just gave up hope.
Jacqueline Jules will be reading Picnic at Camp Shalom for storytime on 6/25 11 a.m. at One More Page Books in Arlington, VA. bit.ly/er8t7y
so what you're saying Jose, is you have no balls? Don't use #steroids kids.
How did my red boots break in my closet I didn't even wear them Lets C if the super glue works,If not gotta gettm fixd professionl
what do I need to do in life to become a philanthropist?
So glad to see so many of my friends are committed to vote in this November's election. November 2nd is only a week away
We are having our $140 buy in Bounty Tournament tonight at 7 pm.
I will miss #Delicious, Yahoo. 2 yrs of keeping track of all my work screens, logins, and school research - across all of my computers.
controlled and monitored SM should start young when parents and teachers can still have influence
When you purchase a lease from my site you get to download the beat(s) instantly ..
I can talk to hundreds of people in one day, but none of them compare to the smile you can give me in one minute.
Loved seeing 's beautiful face at work tonight <3 oh, and I guess it was nice to see too
Aud's unknowingly teaching herself imposition as she puts pages together to make a book...kind of makes me want to throw away my new Kindle.
sometimes life reminds you, you're in star wars.
right at 10 pm Central. Thanks!! I took about 230 photos last night, it was awesome.
lol no he is more north probably, but hey we could facetime a better pti
Smashed up what I believe in
I repeat, Marty knows you are f-ing with him.
"What the halibut?!" -- Mr. Krabs
Hey, just sent you a DM. Hope it's helpful.
I like your avi
Dat Ass will be my only playland by the time I get my hands on it. Hehehe.
A year ago today I married my best friend. We've spent 67 nonconsecutive days together. Wouldn't trade it for the world!
“ “ Kiss slowly, forgive quickly, play hard, take chances, give everything & have no regrets.””
Fighting only the easy battles insures us a place in obscurity.
Awesome! RT Reading Joshua chp10 and its so more rich for me, having read&heard 's Sun Stand Still!
This is taking so long .
hey pyro, I seen you tweet your looking for producers, I produce beats, may I send you a link to my site?
The three season New Orleans allegedly could eavesdrop on opponents? The Saints went 25-23 with 0 playoff appearances.
no there gonna be in a valado sneaker commercial
You can sit in on my Social Media Marketing class while at #CTConf tonight on Twitter using
Link dead.
Kicking kids off of #SNAP, free lunch, health insurance, & out of foster care will NOT LOWER #poverty!
At least I can watch some Along Came Polly before class
Who ever came up with 8 hour working days has really pissed me off.
Congrats to K. Theimer author of new book "Web 2.0 Tools and Strategies" on her election to the Society of American Archivists Council!
We suffer needlessly (1 Cor 11:30) when we're condemned & don't discern (understand) that Jesus was broken for our forgiveness.
Sitting in class trying not to fall asleep
I imagine that yes is the only living thing
Thanks ! See you at events very soon!
Facebook personalities are really totally separate from actual, real people personalities.
Yes, it does get easier. (Mary Stefanski, mom 2 Daniel Stefanski, author of "How to Talk to an Autistic Kid."
Rainy Night in SoHo
Behavioral economics also suggests that regulators will discount future benefits for current risks
Thanks for the mention and stay tuned. Lots on the way!
#Pottermore is legit!
It's the LOST syndrome. There was a time when death was off the table except in very rare circumstances. Now it's a trope.
yes you are following me sis
If I could just buy all the jackets, I would be completely at peace.
Process: Scan inbox, see emails I don't want to deal with, get anxious, do something else. Repeat.
Sensation drama is the new black. THE ELEVATED TRAIN CATASTROPHE 1921
would be way more surprised if this wasn't happening consistently
jchristianjr here responding back to leads for modeling and acting right now about to head out to get something to eat
haha let's bring it back cc/
If I have to work two jobs at 60 hours a week while having 2 college degrees, and barely have enough to get by.
Congrats on the new condo! Do you have the right kind of insurance for it yet?
you're such a freak.. Not even in the cheeky way.. You weirdo..
#Kobe with 24, isn't Coach Brown the same guy that lead the #Cavs & LBJ 2 the best record 2wice w/LBJ win'n 2MVP's?
Whitney Houston , is really dead ... Woah . :/
Have a great #filmfriday! *New
Thanks. Loved, loved, loved that book!
Have you purchased your tickets for the Women’s Success Summit that is going to be filled with smart, successful, influential women?...
Have made more soda bread to go with soup...and embarked on a daily vitamin supplement to see if I can improve my energy levels..
huge fan of yours in Portland! So very excited for your concert Friday!
LOVE SURPRISES, just don't like getting scared! :(
reversable suits: travelers best friend. I think you're on to something.
why does gluten intolerance seem to be on the tip of everyone's tongue these days? Did a new test come out??
Heard at the Net Lease Conference: Public/Private REITs driving pricing and demand for net lease product.
Not that im crazy enough to go bald , I would be ugly without hair lmao
thanks bro
2-1 to start the #NBA #Playoffs. yesterday.. Sunday. Utah +11 & Boston +1.5. Good Luck!!
imagine if you were walking to your parents car after school, you open the door. sit down. and Liam pops out of the trunk...
Puttin one in the air with the homies!
Whoa whoa whoa. Some dude just cut in line.
Thanks , have a safe trip home
Disappointing start to the Marlins season. I know its only been 2 games but their bats have been silent. #LetsgoMarlins!!!
You know it's whatever just gonna stay calm
New logo for whytheyteach.com is up and will be ready early next week. Anyone good with custom squarespace templates? I'm looking!
Enjoyed the tour of H-D's facilities today with and
RT How does the metro area LP still get me every time? Will this album ever be topped?
We are going to have a Blast<3
Thanks Trey! Email sent via DM
Q: When are you coming to Town Center at Aurora this week?
If Kimberly and Beck were to write the NY standardized tests, what questions would/should they ask? #ROC text us at 52545
The older you get the longer the list is of stuff to talk to the doctor about and less they seem to care about. Just getting old, no cure :)
What's up everybody Im back...
Ready for the day. Please let it be great!
no datsyuk? no lidstrom? no howard? no bertuzzi? no ericsson? no kindl? no abdelkater? NO PROBLEM.
Wow it's been a hot minute, been busy and that's always good! How are all my tweeps feeling this Valentines day?
RT If you LOVE THE GRAND MAN:}
It's official, NOTION3 is a huge success here at NAMM. More opportunities than we will be able to do, and still a day left. 2010 = HUGE
LOL..you called that one!!!! I would just have to sign my paycheck over to every month.
yum!! I want some !!! I'm already stuck with HW<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>last 5 classes.3 state tests&internship deadlines
Too late; DEAD.
What are your #musthave #ipad Apps?
Nelson Cruz must love playing the #tigers. Crushing it this series
#EST IS ALL OVER MY TL INCLUDING imma smoke him out in Indy lol
I can already feel the pain of having to wake up in 6 hours.... Ugh
I want to go to YoYo Berri
Change is needed at the classroom and school level... But change is also needed at the district, state & national levels. –
Are you allowing enough time for your muscles to recover between training sessions? It can reduce injury risk and help you perform better
My teacher's interrupting my Greys Anatomy watching session with his lecture.
Glee cast ARE INSPIRATIONS!!!!!!!!!!!
How will a practical agenda of non-bureaucratic behavior help these students become entrepreneurial.
Getting my Instagram on :)
I hope your watching this game right now btw.. #OKC is SCARY good
You know it!
It was a great nap.
I heard from MAJ last night :) it is you... right?
Congrats- Allen Carpenter & Merilyn Fuller 4 winning Justin Bieber tixs on RoseQuarter.com! Enter-2-Win Jimmy Buffett & Celtic Woman tixs!
I just can't enjoy music that's not played loud.
If you're going to complain about how much drama there is, stop contributing.
Its a beautiful day out! And its Friday! And Jana comes home this afternoon!
Wow, I picked a terrible time to check the Brewers gamecast
haha then i have to edit it all 2
wish I was still there.
Four square
MIKE SNAER IS A BOSS
Nap and some George Strait and all is right in the world :)
Kobe Bryant: "I know how to score" that's definitely confidence.
Clearly they don't know good history! Did I ever tell you my BA thesis was on the history of women's shaving? Mostly C20 though.
Live jazz tonight at Burgundy Bistro featuring The Rose Colella and Dan Effland Duo from 5-8:30 burgundybistro.com
Congratulations to our new client Theresa & Phillip. We are so excited about planning your wedding. Nuff Love!
looks almost identical and ready to pop just like the prior level.
Without a doubt. We talked about that this morning.
Venmo is in great company! RT Products I have been introduced to in SF so far:
*unsheathes samurai sword*
It will be great to see you!
“It doesn't matter. With my neck around my neck around my neck”
Last Tuesday of every month... RT : When is the next Yappy Hour at ?
Where's the beer?
When in love it's good to think about how much you mean to the other person.
Start your Friday evening off with some food from paradise - Island Frydays!!
Thanks for all your work getting us set up with Ticketleap. I'll look into the things you emailed about. :)
where are the papers? i still haven't rec'd a link to them.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle I Know What Your Titties Did Last Summer
Today was going to be a productive errands day until I realized it's thanksgiving here today, eh?
I have this odd, totally out of the blue desire to go to Disney World. Like, right now.
Bout to head to stem excited to see my ladies
"Leaner, quicker, more responsive to American people" - Obama on federal gov
when a guy tickles you >>>> hsjshkahsjsgsjhsk
Arizona Cardinals at Washington Redskins kicking off at 1:00 PM ET #cardinals #redskins #nfl (Via )
Knew he hit one out - saw his Dad hit plenty. Makes sense he would have been to Nemo's back then
Keep voting for BTR!
can make anything happen
[a] Material upgrades can provide worthwhile improvements in fidelity, but sonic neutrality and transparency can only be achieved (cont...)
I hate losing a day once I lost a few days maybe I should change hair color! lol {{{HUGZ}}}
Hell yeah! Nascar is back.
i dont even read the comics, i just look at the pictures.
what's "The 0ffice" about?
Don't wanna go back to sac! Want to stay!!
so i hear ur skating now(; hows that coming along?(: you should try cruising! Its fun!
#ASTD tk12 now grandmaster of epic thumb wrestling Becky is now legendary GM Jane McGonigal led activity at ASTD TK
In case you think that some day it is going to occur, some day it most likely will happen.
Researching cocktails for an upcoming Baltimore restaurant. My goal is to tantalize, educate the imbiber's palate to long-forgotten flavors.
SO exciting! :) What a Thursday! RT We just got the good news! won two Telly awards!
Our meetup today for #Comm ECA is *at capacity* but if you see a 'er or Hi!
*New fact for the day*
Anyone want a card? I won't be needing it.
I enjoy playing Words With Friends on Facebook now......WHEN people are actually ONLINE to play.. :/
I kno u seen me call u twice 2day, I wanted my hair did n the am, must b boo'd up,lol!!!!
Up and playin with roxy and Finn :) mt dew for breakfast since I couldnt sleep to save my life last night.
lets see, quote for the day "Fuck HATERS, live your life cuz you only live once!" ONE LIFE, ONE GUY W/ ONE TRY TO GET IT RIGHT!!
can i pretty please get a follow? Love.....:)))) <333
is that a yes you'll think about it? :)
laying in bed. chill music. would enjoy a good conversation.
#FF My top followers this week:
CONGRATS! RT : A big thank you to for choosing me as a winner of a BridgeAbroad scholarship! So honored! :)"
I’ve learned that there is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs.
DO YOU EVEN NO WHAT S>P>L>A>S>H LIFE STAND FOR ??? smfh
well well well, it's my old grammar student. What up?
Aforementioned major winter storm to bring potpourri of winter wx & likely large-scale travel woes to Midwest and Great Lakes Weds-X-Mas Day
Hell yeah! RT OMG AN ARCHIE FAN UR AWSOME WOW,
#ItsAWrap!!!... Today was a great day.. with great people... So... #WhosNext :)
#Word. RT : The sex made me cum, but the head made me stay
85 Cappers posted with the same 2 consensus from their pks which are on a 12-1 run last 4 days..back in an hour
Our sake bombs are...well....the bomb. Come by and try one ;)
I had a dream that I met Shaquille O'neal in a crowded mall. He posed for a photo with me, but it didn't turn out.
So angry :)
I hate coughing.
RT Chocolate Chip cookies in the am.... Smh what a diet!
omg, i read that as "i have to hit on you" and i got excited. then re-read it :/
good morning how is everything? “: sup ma”
Happy Birthday Dr. Montessori!
yes! all is well now.:) playing on bovada atm.
...But to love something despite. To know the flaws and love them too. That is rare and pure and perfect.” ~Patrick Rothfuss
because that honestly happened this morning. does she realize that ALL the people who created the ads were in the room?!
Just chilling in between stores
can i please get a happy birthday? i just turned 16 :)
My dad reading the ingrediants to his pickle in a puch "this says it has cucumber in it. How?" hahahah
Severe weather and heavy rain a distinct possibility close to SW and SC WI come Mon night - early Weds.
Why the hell would you dye your hair black?
Bryce Harper was 2 years old when Mariano Rivera made his major league debut.
Things don't change.
Are you a sweets lover? Then you'll love our chocolate and vanilla custard sauces!
I am so glad this week from hell is almost over. I'll escape and finish the short story - again - for the third time.
It's the truth before the lies.
Post work today and a small screening tonight. Hard work after Occupy Brentwood last night.
need to see a pic of your Harley...
I am in bloody dreamland!
Pedro, just listen to your heart
Somebody give me a subject... I need inspiration.
Wokeup with mystery finger and foot injury....sleepwalking???
I really think that we need to also figure the importance of sheer joy and FUN into the equation.
cum on me.
If I tell you I love you, can I keep you forever?
where can i go watch the fight
Love all the #teamtallgirls friends I've been making. :)
All lies yo
Getting closer to 200 followers, can we get there before the start of the spring semester?
I balance out my life better by not giving a fuck.
Use cozy, cotton slipcovers to freshen up sofas and chairs in guest rooms. Sheer draperies bring a crisp &clean ambiance
Yeah mine's doing the same thing ah!!! RT “: MacBook just went into cardiac arrest. Please get me through this next month!”
well said!!!
gtoy: gratuitous tweet of yourself. RT ": girls that can enjoy an ice cold beer every once in a while >"
just wanted to send you a SO saying I'm starting to apply your LinkedIn tips from #SoSlam. TY for the great advice!
Remove yourself from prideful investment in your projects and be slow to fall in love with your own ideas.
The truck just parked at Buffalo and Broadway. We'll be ready for orders in just a few minutes! Come and enjoy tasty food!
Worst pain that I've ever had.
Great thoughts! RT Connect them w/other cool/nice/interesting people while they're in your venue.
DO NOT go for the last shot when you are down one. Give yourself 2 chances. If you score on the 1st shot, then trust your D.
hustlas got no time for a cut im us lettin it grow
wow it's not just a bit for the radio, is it? Tom really IS an incredible dick.
with bells on! :-)
RT , and 5 others unfollowed me today ... Thanks for the mention
oh the good ol' days
When we touch the Devine and Believe God, sins will be forgiven;diseases will go;circumstances will change.
I'm at a delightful hipster bar in the Little Five Points neighborhood of Atlanta. Moving to Atlanta, you guys.
Thanks to for including me in today's Closing Bell!
One's lost, is another's gain.
Looking forward to the ballet performance tomorrow at UNLV Performing Arts Center. Tickets were only $10!
fantastic- thank you!
karlie told me your our neighbor. nice to meet you
Suffering "Callback but didn't get the booking" blues.
Still, debt to GDP is close to or over 100% (depending on who you believe). Can't keep that up. Europe did, and look at them.
ugh I wish .. It needs to be here now
ariflex cameras & cut & splice. I remember the days
if u make no common sense theres no need to speak at all .......just listen observe and u just might learn something
this is the second time in 3 days that there has been a twitpic of you sleeping in the stud.
You are always spreading the LOVE!
Assuming that shot of Capuano was him yelling at everything & everyone about his segway adventures in Milwaukee
You will be able to view a pre-site and purchase the first designs Saturday December 10...link will come in the morning.
Assemblywoman cathy nolan also a member of commission
Pinterest is so fun! It's an online pin board where you can keep things you enjoy like recipes or outfits!
DC Subways
ASID, The Luxury Marketing Council and San Francisco Interior Design Center Announce Design Resource Day
Valid like salad (:
MarketWatch First Take: Amazon laughs at the naysayers
Agustus means reverred for the record
A cloudy day is no match for a sunny disposition. "I think they might be talking about me!"
I was having a good morning until I came to class.
oh yeah haha
<God understands our prayers even when we can't find the words to say them>
Success depends on decision making including bad decisions...perfect people make all the right decisions but there are no perfect people!
I know what you mean :/
nine nine nine nine nine nine nine nine
how sweet is that
Great To Hear/Read
Had on a Batman T-shirt and every Caucasian male from 16 to 65 yrs old stopped to call me "Bat Girl".
Robots & Aliens is our song!:)<3
I struggle w/ the where value is created vs. where you actual make your $ issue. I flip flop on the tax issue all the time.
and don't forget to ask me for a song
Oh and another thing - why are there still dead Xmas trees on the sidewalk. It's over! It's been over.
I like the idea of a dangerous bouquet. RT bridesmaids should also have swords. Please?
Yeah....I couldn't believe what happened to Atlanta either.
True. He could be just what the Bills need. I just hope he finds the mentorship and coaching that he needs in Buffalo.
We have become a leading Xcel Energy partner with Xcel Energy's Conservation Rebates & Incentives Programs!
Tasting samples from potential new client... Delicious! Love what I do.
are real rock and roll.
happy halloweenniversaries to all my friends that married on this day. weirdos!
Rob, you and did a wonderful job of engaging the large audience in your #ASTD2012 session on using games to power learning.
I would hit the only train to go by my house at 130am wth
Our pleasure. We love your work on Twitter!
Okay, finally dry. It's time to get back out there.
12.I like my hair thru all the craziness Turn On:When they say your beautiful and they mean every word Turn Off:They say it but dont mean it
thank you!! And you're now followed:)
Follow I follow Back...
Still kindof feel like a cold may be coming..but hope this goes away soon.
DAYME IT MACKENAAAAAAA. *hits head against wall*
It's at the end of May.
I appreciate yo. Go comment when yall get some time.
is mad because her Sixers are going DOWN
Live video broadcasting software is user friendly so that anyone can use it to broadcast their video.
You're on your own there. BUF was unsustainably lucky the first 5 games. DAL, w/ a healthy Romo and a real RB, at home? DAL.
it's not that she's too fat but the idea of someone dancing in her videos is beyond tacky. her music isn't made to dance to.
I am ready ;)
how can i get connected with ya?
Hey, David. Thanks for sharing that about our new iPad site. Awesome.
So excited to go to Topsail Island this weekend! Has anyone been there? Its on the N.C. coast!
VC.. it takes jp Morgan just 7 days to add 2 billion to their top line.
not feeling so hot...i blame the cold weather front moving in..
I know this is a little geeky but I am stoked about the new release of Axure 6.5 -
How do you spell healthy choices? #xocai coldpressed delicious chocolate
RT : Ha! has John Glenn. Mitt has Michele Bachmann. You choose.
Hey! Are you free Friday morning?
glad you've been in & hope you'll be back soon. We just got a ton of new #accessories in!
ha! i'm no rick perry fan, but given current state of the union, can u blame him? as a gov, i'd probably want out as well.
will do!
Working on a big idea piece about "skin in the game" and market regulation. Curious about the idea that risk regulates behavior.
Wanted: Carry on bag that I can plug in to a wall outlet w/charger ports/cords 4 Droid, Nikon & iPod on the outside.
ticketweb hotline plays smooth jazz version of 'rock with you' while i wait...
Power is out in Westerville...
#metro riders react to last night's derailment at the Rosslyn Station. Metro investigates the cause. My report on News4 at 6
I love Brendan James.
Thanks for the compliment! OK if I pass it along to our chefs?
You don't have to change you relationship status every day. One boyfriend one day and another next. :/ smh
I was being sarcastic... Its not as painful being this bad after hanging #8. Still a diehard football fan though.
We are so proud of our President. Thank you, Mr. Obama. We are so lucky in New York, and we want other Americans to be as lucky.
Mighty Joe Young is on HBO and shit.
thanks so much for that
Cheers to a hell of a first round series.
hey baby-i heard ur going to be at the celebrity golf tournament too! Yay
hahahahahaha I'm dying.
GASP really?? I'll bring the snacks.
“: Okay, if I was on the bus in that Rolling In The Deep Target commercial, I would tell those kids to shut the fuck up.”
Right. I just thought it was funny that the guy thought that "are you Irish?" was a good response.
awesome pic! You look FABULOUS!! ;)
Ah nice! Yeah I think a couple people attended the meeting. Have you gotten good traffic so far?
i love you <3
Happy birthday Jaci stone
yeah & what about you and sams cover for one thing?[:
sweet! Coming to ?
boy, can i tell you a wonderful thing?
If every secret service agent & serviceman who went to a hooker on leave was canned, there'd be 9 guys left. And I wouldn't trust any of em.
Keep the faith! We're sure it will be fine. You can always find a few extra scholarships on our website as well.
hahaha! You couldn't be more right. I just need to figure out how to sell these guys on the idea . . .
I was hoping this whole thing was a real bad, sick Twitter joke. It's not though. :(
Recently it has been weird. RT : Central Texas has weird weather.
yea I'm too lazy to get outta bed I wonder if my loving brother will deliver me sonething
ill freaking kill you.
BTW, DuckDuckGo is now my go-to search engine.
You text me first then you don't answer.. What was the point of that.
im glad dat school is out but its a bummer becus ima miss evry1 i met this year they were sum great people and i hope to see them again soon
sounds like a schedule perfect for sum1 that can super fly...
Ah yeah the #nba season getting closer. Go #lakers!
They're devoted to Jesus, all right — they just don't understand him.
sorry, i have a life besides bringing you smoothies
i had nuts and berries! its like im a bear in the woods.
RT - I still have #Hope for the Jacksonville Jaguars!
The way SMILE!!
Ah well that would make sense. I just assumed he was crazy enough to do that because of the ranty article.
I will #succeed! Get up and hold your head up people! #Life is how You want it!
I don't expect you to care.
Congratulations to Bill McEwen! He has been randomly selected as this months winner for Freedom Ford's Owner Advantage Rewards Bonus Progra…
you ROCKED this weekend!! Thanks for coming out to #tasteofdc !! Was truly awesome
That was some speedy baserunning aided by some poor fielding.
lol thanks, I guess I'm ok not being addicted to this one
Gsa's Dave McClure - gov creates too many big projects. You need to break it into manageable pieces and accomplish something
Kobe is 1 stl away from passing Bird for 5th on the All Time Playoff Steals List
Let's go CAPS! My niece has me all dressed up in her Caps shirt :)
I got a way wit da ladies, im addicted to pimpin, but maybe she think im different,maybe I got wat she want,maybe I got wat she missin!!
so when I go to CA for the summer time I tell all my friends to look you up! :) could you follow me
anything for you :) #brandonM4win :D
Buy any watch get a grey watch and random band free Happy Cinco Cinco ! Good till midnight !
Just because u think I'm doin wrong dont mean tht u rite
Fed Thrift Savings Plan sets May 7 start date for Roth option WASHINGTON —The Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board will include a R
home from the hospital. think there's any way I can make some productive work out of the last 5 months of hell?
OMG!!:) I spotted Vinny,you,and Devon!!:)
Back home and now waiting for the Grammys!!
Check out our presentation on "Top Mapping Faux Pas & How to Avoid Them" w/ in room 316 @ 1:30 pm today!
Dinner Time!
Richmond's newest restaurant opens tomorrow. Bonvenu. Carytown - 2915 West Cary across from the Byrd. Tell 'em I sent you.
Hosting the party at Nova Bar & Lounge on Lake Street in Addison from 10p-1a for ! in the mix. Come hang!
My alphabet starts w/this letter called yuzz. You'll b sort of surprised what there is 2 b found once u go beyond 'Z' &start poking...
but the weather is AMAZING outside and there's nothing like listening to ur ipod while the sun shines down on you
I was about to post the same thing! It was great! RT Outstanding presentation by Myla Goldberg at the St. Paul JCC.
I MET THIS GIRL... HER NAME WAS JOAN... SHE LOVES THE WAY I ROCK ON MICROPHONE...
brb, committing.
is gorgeous. I wish u would go to MAC w/me
seriously Donna Summer died now too?? What a year for great musicians :(
aww, your icon is so cute :)
It is so much better to go to a game than a royals game. Jus saying. I'm trying to force myself to be a royals fan... Oh my.
Why does something bad and painful always have to happen to a close friend?
So happy Chloe got the lead in the video. Good for her! She did great, I'm sure you're very proud! Chloe is the coolest!
,had he not fouled it would ve been an easy dunk,so he made the right play by fouling him and making him earn iron the line
Not even a little -> RT : For some reason, it doesn't at all feel like we're 4 days away from Christmas...
that's the greatest thing I have ever heard. It's so true too.
Oo oo, I's in trouble now. You get a DOUBLE POKE for that one. LOL : I'm reporting you to : Exactly!!! LOL
Successful conference call on just two hours of sleep. Well done, Scotty.
Ay grab me some rocks and shit bruh RT : Breakfast flow at the whip
Fun. Any baby-friendly spots?
That akward moment when an emo kid orders a happy meal
the only girl I know that can have tears running down her face, practically laughing, saying "Im not crying, im not crying!" ;D
Foundation Center . Announces Launch of 'Digital Promise' Center bit.ly/pm8Peg
Starting to realize just how soon I will be leaving on a jet plane and coming back to a new apartment. holy moly.
or you should keep your hoe on a wooden handle.
Time to put your money where your mouth is and debate Robert Reich, time to man up Bill what are you afraid of
ur new song is my ringtone
Last minute cancels! $10 off floats @ 9pm & 11pm tonight if you mention twitter. Call 503.384.2620 to schedule!
is it on yet?! Tell us when please!!
in Albuquerque New Mexico
I would say something but she looks young and obviously has no sense or she wouldn't have said that.
"Hey man, you look like Elvis Costello" --random guy @ bus stop to me.
Internal database of reviewed providers in an #ACO allows docs to make informed referrals
i can help you,come on my house ;)
It's Monday: Appreciate the little things today
It is "natural".
Looks like Big Z is upset with Tim Thomas
Who doesn't love Ryan. Chris and Ramon? You have good taste in gays lady.
He's coming back drose MVP
My nieces and nephews will always get a yes for an answer from me. :D taking them to the park. #spoiledbrats just like me ^_^
Another friend caved, ! Welcome!
who are you?
If you can't get somewhere warm and humid, apply moisturizer while wet in the shower, and use an AHA later in the day for dry skin care.
Bill Frisell played clarinet throughout his childhood. His interest in guitar began with his exposure to pop music on the radio.
Callback complete. Acting class now.
Yes...and it's early. I KNOW you will be entertaining both entertaining and knowledgeable. Looking forward to it.
#ThingsPGKidsSay that party on Ft. Lee last weekend got shut down.
There's always a reason to smile.
I hear that. This is weird.
Neighbor just yelled good morning to me from across the street... Never met her before.
Then change your trend to where I live and bam no more 1D trends for you
heheh babe! I was crying cause I was laughing lolol. <3
Almost Famous makes me wish rock and roll was still huge (without the drugs). I wish i was here for the music of the 70's
you better call me when you get here!!
Apparently my LT is afraid of ghosts, tricked him into watching Paranormal Activity 3
Ariana grande has a nice voice..
My dad's 79th birthday today!!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU DAD!!!!
funniest thing ever omfg.
#OWIF: Maurice the Carp, the fishmonger, and I are drifting down the river. There appears to be a paddle boat ahead.
Heyy ppl check out my keek and follow and subscribe me my name is IRockyourWorld<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
they should be pledging $ to be having dinner with YOU instead of other way around!
Call us to find out how you can get FREE CROWN moulding when we remove your acoustic texture from your ceilings.619-562-5848 Mr.D's painting
So, how about them Dodgers?!
killing 87 people in what the Pakistan Taliban called revenge for the U.S. slaying of Osama bin Laden.
been in bed sick for awhile and seeing u sing and dance made my pain instantly go away!
Why thanks! We have been thrilled with #ShowAndMail. We're awed by everyone's creativity.
My best friend pmtfo. & im not talkin to him no more
Everything's pretty good! How about you? :)
Needed this stuff during organic and biochemistry in '99. Ijs...actually began reading that biomechanics book from Dr.Brown. I get it NOW!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Wow, fuck new years. Every year is bullshit anyway.
Thanks Jim. Didn't realize until yesterday that Dave & I were b-day buds happy b-day to good peeps and
My son is in your tech class last period of the day! :-)
4 real? y?
#NELAITS11 - get patrons to "practical and real-time needs" - probably means letting go of some of our completeness/precision obsession
Devil Went Down to Georgia!!!!!
Good morning #Miami !!!!!
Excited about this new music, can't wait for you to hear it :)
#SongsIListenToEveryday Every single of chris brown !
RT : Denver- want to win a painting? rt or comment and you are entered to win! Go to at my opening Fri for...
Uh Goldberg?
They should make reversible cop uniforms so it would be easier hiding the stains in my uniform for a week
surprized my mommy && grandma when we went out I buyed them both something ! :) <3
Theres enough food for u & too! We were gonna have a big bbq but I think Cam is still exhausted from NY. Drop by ltr!
HAVE FUN (;
the "add to bag" function on isn't working! what could be worse?!
That smell of food in the distance on the way to class
Got my haircut! Feel so much better!
Pride superstar season 6! Lets go!
Watch out for the heat & chips. Have seen 1 that ran out & taken several calls where a chip has cracked out. Heat+Chip=Cracked Windshield
Ah, good to be back home from NYC. First time there and had a great time!
Signing the manifest for Anacapa Boat trip. I WILL GO DOWN WITH THIS SHIP~
15 more minutes!!!!
Jam it in your box!
Ariana, when are you going to do another tweet attack? I missed the last one you made!=( I want a tweet & a follow, can I? xo<U+2661>
Going to say that eating a dry granola bar with a sore throat was probably not the best decision.
want to
T-minus 5 minutes! We're ready in position!
It may be the *only* perspective I can assume... A lot of stuff out there, most important but little urgent per se.
RT : Hey want to have a haunted club crawl for Halloween? SYP: Yes yes and yes.
When niggas in the dark abt your success they will try u. Spare no nigga. Take no prisoners. 100k up who wanna war wit the Lords. Pussy.
can't help it Skip! Wish I could hold my tongue but the man is an idiot!
You're welcome! :) and thanks! :]
You are. I think we should make a rule, though: remove your name after you see the photo.
Thanks for the RT!
I'm pretty sure we aced that exam. Maybe now we both should be lawyers. J. Walsh would be proud.
Lately I've been sort of disinterested lol. Like its just whatever... Uh oh not a good place to be. Need a new idea to grab me
#google explores ranking #searchengine results based on +1 button results
A j and beer sound pretty gud rite now skeee!!
What about end of July? I'll be in Indiana for only 1 day from 24MAY to 26July.
- Pah! After our spa session in Hawaii we will have tons of programs that do the work-so we have time to develop humorous stories
Saturday at 5pm we will be facing the North Shore Generals in Lynn. Get ready Colonials!
Spring break and I'm not allowed to sleep in past 8:30
Bagels are good too! /cc
if it means it's a bad day... then hope it gets better!<3
If you need me, I'm the one totally and utterly alone on the 4th floor, writing with 90s r&b chirping from my cube.
This is true.
lets box shawtii, I kerri a box of gloves
"Boldness be my friend." - WIlliam Shakespeare
holy crap are u okay
Stan Lee's: Superhuman. That show blows me away.
Haven't slept.. Can't eat.. Cry most of the day.. How are you?
“: Hungover as fuck. Just give me some Taco Bell for my hour drive home and I'll be happy. Bleck!”taco bell is the fix all! Lol
sounds like fun, I'll be there !
I never wanted think it of it like this but it was a waste of time and not a good time why idk
Awesome Spatial Statistics workshop with Esri's Spatial Stats team member.
Harden Furniture to Modernize Factory Expanding on existing lean manufacturing processes, Harden Furniture is planning a significant inve
I do my best work between 12:30 and 12:35. Too bad I'm always eating.
*neck not necks lol
Cinco de mayo at the zoo
Shows are done, all paid and safe.
If our businesses are to have any meaning beyond work, it must connect with what is most important to us.
Success means: I want to know the work I do means something to somebody and helps make the world, if not a Better place, not a worse one.
I'm get her watch
Jeebus. Really that good?
made the best #grammys speech ever. Pretty much told every pop artist who "sings into a computer" how much they !@#$ing suck.
wait, shit. I don't get paid til the 15 :/ lol ill still take you :)
Half our crew is heading to Kansas City next week for a convention. Top three things to see in KC: go.
Jam session tonight at Magoons feat. The Outlaw- :30pm- see ya there
banged it out ! s/o to DAE1 that new co-worker.
shopping online for vinyl wall art.
thanks babe.
Bad decision by Markakis. You have to be sure you can score on that wild pitch.
Great Washington Post profile on the amazing ! Romney’s road to nomination paved by dedicated delegate counter...
Want a quick way to give your writing gravitas and weight? Never use contractions. It's that simple!
thanks for share Barry
I know, but you'll have fun without me.
Waiting on you to come back. See you in New Orleans!
finally took your talents to tweet city? Welcome mah dude
Thanks to the great A/B piece in I've changed the title of my button from *donate* to *support*.
Batman Beyond series will be great! Yeah Terry!
Hi, everybody! Just checking in to #fb to see if the whole "Twitter posts" thing works here.
hi how r u?so glad to see you on y&r!im also a dukes fan to!love ya!
The future cannot be predicted, but futures can be invented. - Dennis Gabor
Bolted from the dentist's office.. Not welcoming at all and saw bloody gauze in the trash can
I hate this weather<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
Those pig on rollerskates moments are never very much fun
i hope follows me she is so beautiful and talented :)
You have saved my day of boredom!!! Thank you for real :D:D:D:D
Cuddle time with my lil man :) can't tell you guys enough how much this kid means to me. I'm honored to be his god mommy :)
Save the Foster Children...those homes need to be monitored daily 24/7...to prevent them from further harm
Wednesdays Bumm/ Comfy day. Nike's and a T-Shirt.
thanks for following Polidori.
RT : Tea, anyone?I will take a big ole cup of that about 8 pm tonight!!! Go Tea party!!!
Mostly sunny but cool tomorrow, high: 64. Mid 70s with sun on Friday. Low 80's Saturday. Sunday & Monday will be in the upper 80's!
You're watching for Justin Maxwell, aren't you?
Howdy peeps! Please post or send messages about your acting info----reels----requests on this facebook page!! Thanks!
Do it! MT : Watching #SportingKC in Victory Suite. Want to tell everyone I meet that I was #LSPfirstwedding. Is that annoying?
It's a sign, you have to come see us soon!
yezzir these things are dope as fuck
i just played kickball with the family, every muscle in my body is sore
Trying 2 get my Mind Rite!!!
Goodnight twitter!!
i bet i can because no one i know is even close to understanding.
"Shit happens" is the mantra of many a-fine human beings.
A student just told me I'm "such a hipster" because I have an iTouch instead of an iPhone. Not sure I get it, but it made my day! :-)
Taking my daughter out >> Taking anyone else out.
So excited for our trip to ! Are YOU ready?
This story is completely misleading. Are you familiar with the family farm exemption? Feds can't change law
Yes!!! The Aints are done!
Recede Wallace...lmao
curious that insurance company is billing doctor I selected from their list of providers as out of network.
HAPPY NEW YEAR AUSTIN!! (: <3
And I'm up before the sun
So now that instagram is on android every1 has it right? Add us!
Latest version of 4Square for IPhone is a disaster. Can't do much of anything. All attempts to check-in - FAIL!
Yeah big party here today! They have a storage room that will work in a pinch too!
Had a great time climbing last night! Thanks for joining us
This is ridiculous!! Colton Dixon should not have been eliminated! Hollie you should have left!!! </3 </3
yes,yes!! I'm hiring you to cast a live celebrity enactment.
Thanks Rachel, really want to spend some time there!
balls balls balls
When you smile I smile
started not to give a fuck and stopped fearing the consequence
Friday Humor: If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs, it's just possible you haven't grasped the situation-Jean Kerr
just a fun manang, no worries im not fun of him . k'bai . lolss
Shower fairy
I wonder if miley or Demi or even taylor wuld host a episide of punked ? & miley & taylor shuld soo get back at justin 4 wht he did to thm
Flight 967 now departing! Next stop
yessir. I'm so down
I am really impressed by museum lawyers. I'm just glad to have them off my speed dial for a while. :)
www.wheeliesband.com for are new single "I Dont Want To Go" for free download. Share it !!!!
they won 5-0 first game, and they just started the second game and it's 6-1 us!
Follow us to give away a #free #flipcam!! Follow the on Twitter for a chance to win, #giveaway at 1500 followers!
Fast Facts: The 13th step of the state capital building in Denver is exactly 1 mile high above sea level.
Wow... I guess sometimes you don't realize how much someone close to you is suffering
what you doing tonight?.(:
haha yeah it will
What day is good for a Prophetic Activation next weekand? Sat or Friday? 8pm 9pm 10 pm ?
Today is National "Give Kids a Smile" Day! How will you make your kids smile today?
Come join us this Sunday as we watch some amazing Broadway singers perform at The Laurie Beechman Theatre! $10 tix So awesome! Msg for deets
impressive RT : Twitter provides targeted messaging opportunities via different handles. Dell has, perhaps, 100 or more.
Hey ? This week's issue delivered with missing/duplicate pages. Worst part? No Bullseye.
I'm Eddie Geller. (My name is in your tweet.)
I wish I had more than ONE closet in my place... UGH!
you're in a dark alley, late @ nite wit no streetlights...n u hear a ring tone that's Not urs...
I have a feeling that it would be like a sick game of red rover in which I end up with broken arms and the hungry people win
When you pay an attorney to represent you... You might want to consider following their advice...
Chamber makes its own rules. Although I've never understood anything they do in the Senate.
Not to mention they drank wine and no pigs or cows around to say lets have a steak for this dinner.
someone skype me
I'm @ Academy 4 Glee event R U here tonite?
all i wanted to do was a little software update to my Mac. I didn't expect this 45 min wait. goodness.
We play at 5 at Valhalla. Bird dog promo party. Come on out.
My favorite moment in this morning's breathless weather coverage was the KHOU reporter interviewing a guy recounting KTRK's reports.
Every time I come home, there is something new. What's new this time? A piano! Apparently my brother can play "Jar of Hearts".
me and the kids in la jolla, bryan knowlton
haha text me kid I'm bored (: <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
Here is something for #TheOaks on Friday Jemimas pearl to win place and show a safe fun bet #joeTalam go
please follow back?? and congrats on 1k btw :DD ;*
I've never seen such a thing..gross and yum at the same time! ps. Hope that's turkey burger lol
Pei Wei Asian Diner, now on allergenmenu.com. Wouldn't you love a night out?
I come home & Frank Jr's still up, I said "So i guess you're on vacation huh.?" He said, "Well the guy did hit me first." lol
How do we get some ?
Just helped a library patron print off his voter information for the Egypitan presidential election! I love my community.
looks amazing
still no peircing, scared to ask ron eek lol but you will be the first to know :)
sorry 4 getting u beat up...
Heartbreaking story in about stray dogs in Detroit. Thank you for giving this issue the national attention it deserves
Our poor police dept. Hands are being tied by the mayor. Let the police do what they are paid to do! Uphold the law.
RT : I'm going to pray tonight it will be the first time i actually just prayed in a while i think i need it< real talk
had a really really bad dream. and im sick my head aches and family is comming with all those little kids screaming and running round ^^
What channel am I watching? giving props to rangers. It's like the twilight zone.
Funny. “: Seriously, NoDak is playing like somebody took away their mascot.”
So glad he's still playing! Give him a hug for me. Hope Rebecca's hanging in there!
Thanks for sharing your video talent
Still wondering why there were 25 or so people to watch USMNT beat Italy at 1:30pm and only ten to watch the U23 USMNT beat mexico at 9pm?
Lol, just kidding I'm sleeping wif daisy. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C> she's a chill dog..
oh no that is not good!! whats wrong?
We're a collective and we make hard decisions every day. Perhaps if the Pulitzer committee collectivized they could do the same!
Much thanks to for the Guster tixs last night - good show!
I got poooo'd on there by a freaking seagull once!
I'm always somewhere ;) What's up?
Don't get me started.
You hit the nail on the head. #fuckit enjoy
it took me a 2nd that was the first text i saw. But whats up, I'm super bored.
Ha so true! RT Best Way to stay motivated while studying. Log in to Facebook. Scroll Feed. Log off. Repeat as needed.
Uh yeah, like the hottest singer dude alive LOL
I'm not gonna say 'I told you so', but I've been on the #Ersanity hype train since 2007. Ersan Ilyasova for NBA Most Improved.
Of the 4 Baltimore Suns we got this morning, none had the front page. Less than helpful.
It's nice outside...visit , , , , & and mention TCC!
Doin' a little happy dance! Hooray for Hollywood! Hang in #screenwriters, it gets so much better!
haha what up I see you finally found twitter lol
Who's your fav porn star?
at the Rangers game drinking a margarita. What a perfect day to be in the sun!
Awww, thanks! Happy Birthday 2U! Happy Birthday 2U! Happy Birthday Team #Taurus, Happy Birthday 2U!
All y'all niggas out of school and we still have two weeks left!
last night I cut my finger open with a knife. tonight I slammed the door shut on that very finger.
Junior Seau you selfish son of a bitch. Did you know what your suicide would do to your 3 children? Because I do...and it's horrific!
no I wanna hear his story that wood be like me saying who cares what makes u happy and that's not nice
Looking forward to visiting California
Be more productive with your time
Gross. The Chocolate Waterfall at Golden Corral is probably full of boogers and scabs.
Chillen at the charger game w/ Pybrum.....can't say the same about the chargers!!!
The Hale & Dorr compensation system: 10% Finders, 20% Minders, 60% Grinders, 10% bonus pool. This formula works best for those who do it all
Awesome! I'll be there!
It isn't the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most clever, but the 1 most responsive to change.
someone text me.
Not a bad deal, have to swing for one
That's ok, we'll just get Chien-men Wang to come up and throw at Utley and Howard if/when they come back
RT : YES! Science is NOT a *Belief* system! MT Shouldn't talk about "belief" in evo, climate change
Wishing the best to SF's New Diplomat as they head out to SXSW!! In bocca al lupo!
Wow. Congrats.
Please don't stare; just say hello...
lmbo me too I just woke up lol. Yeah I got the whip lol
dang! Vol States only like 30 mins from my house. about 45 mins to MTSU for me so we're about the same then
Join us this Wednesday for the launch of our new Departures Salon Series @ the balloon museum! 5-7p. Drinks, apps and a great time!
I.Hate.School -_____- Err >:-{|
any advice for a gal who works with the female equivalent of "Dwight"?
I hate those kind of days. Hope you could have a relaxing evening tonight, and maybe a glass of wine or a good laugh.
damn i keep forgetting!
“God had to create disco music so I could be born and be successful!" ~Donna Summer RIP :'(
It's not called addicted it's called in love...
Today has been a memorable day that'll probably never forget. Thank-you
DID YOU LIKE, JUST FORGET ABOUT #SUBWAY? CUZ YOUR ALL ABOUT #WHATABURGER NOW ;o
nah. Not as awkward as I could've. I could've asked if you wanted me to post that stuff.
awww! I bet girls stopped u to take pictures with them! Lol
Going to be a rainy day... perfect weather to curl up and watch a movie with my little guy
waitn for my membership to be paid still. Hm
We hope you have a chick-tastic weekend!
Everyone should come to shadowplay!
- You guys are HILARIOUS! Evan, was born first yes! And he is cuter! I'm in downtown. Will see my #Yankees manana.
If forced 2 choose between peep in mirror & the day's popular opinion, choose the mirror.
That's in regard to marketing/pricing the sponsorship itself, to the company contact
Heartbeat bill passes the #Ohio House on a vote of 54-43. FUCK that! I had no idea I could go back in time w/out a DeLorean. Shame on #GOP!
So much for getting my nails done today. Another promise ir plan not kept. I should stop setting myself up for this every fucking time
Proud to be Voter #1 for AD 52-ED 53.
good morning twitter ..
Lots of good feedback on charging $23 for BCBS. We'd love to hear from Steph, surely a woman of the people.
save a dance for me!
I didnt do it. So asshole is doing it.
do you wear large church hats? I like large church hats.
Museum is always a good option, depends on what part of town you're though.
Great morning at the Fun #EarthDay activities. Perfect weather. New Sea Lion exhibit is awesome. Everybody should head out there.
Thanks - he had time to comment. I reckon he had nothing to say, which is understandable given accusations vs client.
My eyes stay watery.
How is Hollie still on Idol? She just won't go away...surely next week so the producers will get the top 3 they've been pushing for
I want to become a country singer though I am black and I was not born in a country region I just have a dedicated passion for it, who cares
"righteous?!?!?" Don't say that out-loud SMH lol : that would be righteous....."
hoping it will clear up later to do some burgers on the grill
The gray uniforms are so chic
What are you doing this weekend? Text You of the Day: "I am finally going to _________!" Fill in what you have been wanting to do...
Who should I talk to get on Groupon Santa Fe?
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart. Marcus
But if every kid was me, then we'd all stand starstruck, and all go home alone.
Sweet baby Jesus, wake upp!! Lindaaaas outside!!
congrat! U r so nice! Thanks xoxo
The death of serious journalism: everybody's an op-ed columnist, nobody's the next I.F. Stone! Twitter ain't muckraking!
if you put ice cream on a pop tarts it taste like heaven.
Somehow, I knew you would say that, silly.
So excited for Live Streams!!!
Not creepy at all. :p ahw that sucks
Stay In The Sport Zone Mind Training FREE! Go to our FB page, click like & go to the highlighted post. Click your sport!...
yes i’m famous why you asking
Performing at Skidmore college in 10min! WHo!
oh dear. tweeting without coffee. syntactical issues abound.
"As Mr. B reminded us, this [racial healing] can be the most powerful thing we do, if we can pull it off." Gail Christopher
I could listen to Ed Sheeran all day.
whatEVER. i will compile a list of tweets you shot at me that would qualify as such! give me a couple DAYS tho, cuz there r a LOT
Naaaahhh...time to try to sleep....
Franklin is fouled on a 3ptr after the Cowboys miss both, at the line with 6.7 left...
I'm gonna miss you guys!
Fantasy dressing up for live-action roleplay games - BBC News
The only news that will be bigger than Pres. Obama's statement on Gay marriage is the iPhone5.
Looks like dueling pianos tonight at #pianolounge in Cedar Rapids with You would too if you knew what was good for ya!
Win a free office! Like us on FB!
Zionsville is packed
what's the word? you ready to dominate the Gables or what!?
Thanks! 'Energizing Indiana' helps you save
missed ur photo shoot yesterday courtney should have used the phone he slippin
Hey Jed - hope all is well and you had a great Holiday! I'd love to catch up soon
Yay!! I'm watching Chippendales!! (ha! The power of grammar). I mean I'm watching Chip and Dale's rescue rangers!!!
win pocket domo
Amazon Web Services to begin collecting Washington State sales tax for accounts with a billing address in the state of Washington
This meeting is the longest...
And whoever sustains a single life, the Scriptures considers it as if he had sustained an entire world.” Mishnah Sanhedrin 4.5
Ugh! Just missed getting a skate on it
i've LOVED ally since her stint on mtv! yes, guilty confession! :)
call me maybe. that's not even a question, jules...
Miss independent.
IF I AIN'T BOUT DOLLARS I'LL HOLLA... MIND OVER MATTER... SO 95% OF YALL DONT MATTER... #CASHINGCHECKS CAN'T EVEN PAY ME TO LOOK AT NIGGAS..
Take us to the most common part.
Report: LeBron takes third MVP award
Wine??? *PERK PERK*
We all could use that today! And every day.
cool, we will definitely get in touch. Thanks guys!
My daughter's VERY Republican Mother-in-law just posted on FB the link to the "I stand with President Obama on marriage equality" petition
If it starts, not gonna finish, radar shows a line of rain all night getting more severe as night goes + more tom AM
I am struck derpy--er--dumb--er--I can't speak or think anymore after reading that.
Shouldn't it be "Grey *Scribe* Needs Toner- Badly!" ? I'm not sure I'd call my inkjet a warrior. Maybe a better laser printer... :)
My 4-year old watching pre-game: "Dada. Did you know that we are Fox Sports?" Me: "Oh yeah?" Him: "WE ARE... FOX SPORTS!"
Mad he didn't come but I am still a faithful fan nd loves
My Mum's only tweet: RT I am your biggest fan & become a follower xx ---> SO CUTE! Love u mama x Happy Mothers Day :)
if you can manage cloth diapers while staying up all night for weeks on end, you win at parenting. We opted for convenience
WHY U SNEAKY THANG YOU...OH, JUST GOT THE WYLENE...LOL...T/F/S...
I don't assume I am a good woman, my value has been affirmed
thanks, Kevin!
and u haven't came to see me yet smh!!!!!!!
Check out our new EP online!
#InTheWordsofNickiMinaj Boy you got my heartbeat runnin' away <U+E32D>
some large co's claim they don't pay late fees. that's when you change it to extra work and rebill. terms should be in your contract.
My grandma
thank you(: Ahh i really like him he's such an amazng guy(:
Green groups demand Brazil veto forestry law
Got to get the Popcorn drowned in Butter! It's MUST!
Amadou And Mariam are one of my absolute favorite live shows!
You need to try first!
Hey Loves! Check out my music!! Pass it along && thanks for your support! <3
We at yoshi's in San Fran.... Two more shows tonight with and
very exciting.
what up
Worst fucking cramps ever ):
is my hero.
I just realized i did my hw early for no reason ..
#whosgonnalose - Oakland at Cleveland - Tie vote tweet to break tie
"When else can you blow up a camera and say, 'well, better send a PA to Besy Buy.'?" - Shane Hurlbut, ASC
He's Nicaraguan lol : Can we finish this shoot so I can catch my favorite Mexicans at the BrownRice comedy show?
Right? Bizzare. RT : #indieview am I the only one who doesn't feel the pull and tug of Pinterest?
Hi Mike! If store doesn't carry yet, easy for them to call United Distributors to have it for ya in few days. Shine responsibly!
Washington has scheduled a court marshall for tomorrow for Col. Enos. Col. Enos and his men abandoned Arnold half way to Quebec.
tough gig kid
- yep, you too. I was about to finish up some work before going to bed. TTYL
Not really. I just make it look that way! RT : tough life huh?
#HowToPissAFemaleOff TELL HER TO HURRY UP AND CLIMAX
What an uneventful weekend this has been
US soldiers are killed and the Potus apologizes? Please vote him out in 2012.
Why did I just eat a handful of Swedish gummies for breakfast?
i will have my life back as soon as all this Burr footage is edited! k
yeah, that sounds about perfect.
Banu Subramaniam: rhetoric of invasive plant species mirrors that of human immigrants; fertility, aggression, habitat degradation
Donate today...www.collegestudentdonations.com/16931 Help with tuition
Great, glad to have you!
I'll believe it when I see it. ;-)
Is excited about beginning a new week
Because you're a certified waster, no you ain't got no dough, because you're a certified waster, no you ain't got no home.
Pork Belly Special , Wine Wed $6 Glasses/25% off bottles, Rev Happy Hr 9-cl in bar! $2 off alcohol & small plates w/ Robert
We have a couple of new #Nonprofits joining us...Like our FB page to find out who when we post it! #ABQ #NMwww.facebook.com/YouriDealsABQ
Yay my sister has a twitter!!!
Fine, actually like every single house. :D
it's a no brainer..you guys work so hard for us & make life that much easier, to have 4% go back to kfa would be awesome!
I'd rather have an ass then have boobs.. :b
ship a set to #Akron for me?
two words: credit union
Sen. Graham praises for "great job," "changing for the better," "thinking outside the box"
McCardy said you know what you need to do for MTD. Get it done.
but im taking a break so love you all <3
love you too
You speak the truth
cheerleading moms are so bitchy. lmfao
can't figure out why the radiator keeps ticking
expecting the Chicago trip, though short...
A friend of mine was Rick Rubin's RA at NYU & was always writing him up because The Beastie Boys made too much noise.
There's an awesome tunnel in the rocks down there. Be sure to explore.
When you feel like dumbass for trusting someone.
the tortilla thing really freaked me out at first, but then i just laughed.
In the words of Gary Nevile, o unbelievable!!!!!!!
America. I am a Rock.
Giant guy in a giant truck boppin' to Billie Holiday. Love it. :)
Writing tip: If you insist on writing perfect dialog in fiction, your character better be a monarch.
A special thanks to the sponsors of the #LPS Mothers Day Botox Party -
Behave yourself! Behave yourself! PS Stop raping women.
Since I'm rooting for the #Pacers, I feel weird actually wanting David West to play well
What is stbux and how do I get a job there?
I bitched about Time Warner cable earlier today, they tweeted me back, actively trying to help. Customer service WIN.
I hate my obsession of spending money -___-
Is it possible that there is more to life than librarianship? Oh, the deep thoughts over dinner at
I have the data that created the graphic and easily re-create in any color!
:/... bah, are you enjoying some NON tilapia meals before the pro?! I hope so!
working on purchasing new printers for the public areas and trying to track down an very unusual remote access problem to ejournals
#mypastrelationships are just that. The past.
The #IndianapolisColts without #PeytonManning is like #TheOffice without #SteveCarell. What a shame...
learned that about 25 years ago. Lol
God, as we journey through #lent, hel us to forgive others as you have forgiven us.
Just got robbed on the train
So does that mean Amelia is giving Addison her baby!? That would be cool!
Your dating him , but your telling another guy something else ? Well aren't you cool -.-
If you've been working in book business for 8 years or fewer, you're young in our book!
The left is pretty quick to call people racists just for opposing Obama. That, I think, is pretty vile.
I love when all 10 guys on the court are niggas
looking good tonight. Rather see you tag with at #WrestleMania #
The measure of success is not whether you have a tough problem to deal with, but whether it is the same problem you had last year
no! good luck with baltimore
Just took a walk around my apt in the dark, in the rain, in case you were looking for a risk taker. Now back to Downton!
if kendall Marshall is close to healthy at all NC will beat buckeyes. Front line is far superior
omg! sorry, I'll stop.
no this time the 3rd floor lit up their porch. Should be fine, thx tho. More just...really??
I'm glad I've been trying to talk to you through your old account.
trying to follow everybody under the age of 90. Grandpa doesnt do over 90!
get on box
time to make some changes and set some new goals!
Do it! There's a ton of resources online. If you are in the L.A. area this summer, there'll be a bunch of workshops.
dude, I have a pug/ boston terrier mix! Does your smell like cornchips from time to time? Lol!
getting ready for holiday staff party tonight!! Fun, Fun, Fun!
dylan's like my only friend I like right now.
I believe in the good, I believe there is bad, I believe we can all make a difference.. if we use are damn heads.
exactly, and the people behind the nonsense know this. Which means you should ask yourself what their real motive is...
Thank you for the follow!
Gotta leave u alone
RT : Glad you guys were there with us! RT In sunny Tucson with
The nonstop Whitney on the sound system at work is excruciating! Agggghhhh!
Worked The Living Shit Out Of My Legs Today By Gymnastics, Running The Mile, Running In Track And Running After Track Atleast Its Healthy :)
Thanks, Blake.
Well im off to bed. 4:45 comes early on a saturday morning. We will be insane tomorrow.
funny how u don't wish Peyton happy anything, just state the facts relevant to football personnel
Beautiful day. Time to surf. And by surf I mean repeatedly get hammered by the waves as I attempt to stand up.
thanks for ur help
No problem xD
Merry Mimpinz! Hope all had a nice time I was with family and friends and it was great-tomorrow Skyboy and I are going to AVITAR!
Getting my mind blown by 's predictive analytics dash. Awesome work, & team Prosodic! Can't wait to work together!
Looking forward to FA Cup in about 10 mins vs Arsenal..
Saying "cool beans" is like asking for a one-way ticket to MURDER TOWN.
oh man, the things I get myself into sometimes lol
(i KNOW, babyboy that's why i say "shhhhhhh...." don't want the CIA on your ass)
I know I get that a lot! I like the smell but not the taste. Used to be that way w/ coffee too tho & now I love it so there is hope!
#Cotogna SF is packed as usual, looks like a few first dates here, avg size wine pours so far. Kinda dressy scene
L.O.Y.A.L.T.Y.=Seven letters that mean the world to me!!
Yo stuff in the studio smh
These Bulls better win this game!
Out of the fantasy playoff's? Check us out for tonights game! www.playffnow.com. Use coupon code "high5!" for 5 credits
I'm pretty sure joanne's fabrics is mentioned in Dante's Inferno. No one needs cheap fabric that badly.
pray for them honey some people just hate the fact that you're doing something positive and you're happy keep pushing forward
eating taco bell reminds me of !!!
<U+263B> Thanks for the follow. If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free $50 gift <U+261E> {link--------------
blog number 2 already! Oh yeah... Givin Jamie a run for her money.
EVERY ARTICLE OF CLOTHING I OWN IS CLEAN!!! Does that mean I'm naked?? Maybe...
groovy! see you tonight!
Shower then moves to make!.
He took me to Mimi's Cafe! :) so good!! & his present was so cute!!
Hate the new mobile twitter!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
next year for internationals
i'm here for four!
My ankle hurt like hell
#smiles Up lifting
Only 3 weeks left of this semester and they are going to be hell
this page got hacked so follow me
When you open to the FLOW of Universal Consciousness you will be naturally aligned to where you are supposed to be in your life.
RT Bhahahahha!!!! "Did u register?" Lolol <--- Naw, but I got a fish sammich with the holy mustard
Old people piss me off. I'm gonna be a badass old geezer.
BOTH. At the same damn time. Our Song...DONE. DIRT. CHEAP.
There is no point in wishing things can be different.
So let's see. Andre Ethier's current streak: one and counting. GO ANDRE! :)
You are very welcome David! Thank you for the follow as well.
I take it your a cancer and u think your sexy?
you have a link with details?
Thanks ! Looking forward to the bake-off tomorrow! RT - And a thanks to for the most excellent playlist.
The best comming putta this side of queens is PUT YA MONEY ON IT??
I'm like, what the hell they talkin' bout? And if I got it I bought it, cause boy you know I'm cashing out, cool! - cashing out
We have a new acoustic ep out. Help spread the word and throw us in your follow Friday.
RT George W. Bush has now verbally endorsed Romney in addition to his support by ruining everything before leaving.
At 3:00 am Wednesday morning, an armed group of criminals broke into a house in the town of Cerralvo, Nuevo LeA3n.
Starting a meeting about lost affordable housing in the Denver Metro Area. I will definitely have some mapping to do soon
sorry no smartphone - saw this, was waiting at garden til 4:30, walked around NGA but didn't see you. Sorry for the mixup!
just mocked the idea of a "true self." She totes knows her Foucault :-)
you know to much. Lol, it's becoming a little to dangerous the things you know about me :X
But in the haze of infatuation, it's just what you've been searching for all these years.
hey aleejah its me mary aka iamsporty657, please follow me back. =)
I'll probably just use the event website.
Got a prezzie from can't wait to go home and open it
Im hungry but my tummy hurts from the hot cheetos
EVERYONE TELL EVERYONE TO COME GET CUZZINS BETWEEN 5-9 :)
yomo! (youre only mindless once) my new trend!
Sorry, , but you all just got out-manned. Montreal won the physical side, hands down.
Mistakes made when angry
if I don't kill myself after this work event, yes
Due to many requests, I've decided to run for President. What bloody promises should I make? And who should be VP?
ugh I dont
Rt if your up
I've had the most insane dreams lately, so much so that I'm forgetting what's reality
We have a couple of crows who apparently have decided to make our corner their territory. Seriously noisy buggers!
Garmin Forerunner110. Haven't tried it yet, going to break it in this weekend!! Can't wait! I can't remember, do you have one?
Wise words.
Free delivery, even for coffee.
will do
GHOST ADVENTURES?!!?
I had a great night in Kemah with
I finally got my workout in. (First real workout since Nov.) Thanks for the motivation!
Bumpercrop from Florida, really slick logo, get locally grown food nearby from hobbyists who like to grow. 850 facebook likes
Oh. Gotcha. You had me worried! Sorry for being oversensitive!
not as much as I miss DAT ass! Gonna leave here early & I'll send out a text :) yay!
I just went in on this project I better get an A
aw :( ...I've been in situations like that too. You just have to stay strong, confident, and try to be the better person :)
I just finished that episode too! Dice was great!
Do you want the download link?
Today should be fun though, Boutta see my bro after school (:
Heaven Knows by is such an amazing song! So much meaning behind it.
Got me to turn it on. What else do you call it?
Celebrate Administrative Assistant's Day @ the Springs Cafe tomorrow w/ a 3-course lunch feat. gazpacho, surf & turf, & lemon meringue tart.
New menu rolled out yesterday. Still need to get it changed on the website, but come on by and grab one if you are out and about today.
I am at the library hiding from my friends. Don't want anybody coming over and distracting me. Do you think it will work? Lol
Are fewer people able to correctly use "fewer" vs. "less," or am I simply becoming more sensitive to it?
Something good should happen to this world!
yeeee kill that bottle
Packing for Vegas : ( sure am gonna miss el paso....not!! :))
Finished the Shamrock! Didn't upchuck. And the bowl of chowder I envisioned as my motivation? Just a Dixie cup.
“: Guess who finally got her driver's license...” Lucky.
it's been only 5 minutes and #iconhacked is the number one thing trending,
Still watching
If the juicer doesn't fit, you must acquit?
Got up super late.... Still made it to class on time
We are committed to providing not just the very best in homecare services but a service you can trust implicitly & with complete confidence
Perhaps once May arrives you'll have some time to hang? After all, starting in April, we'll practically be neighbors!
Andybody wants to see my boobs?
That "Black" (and "White") capitalization is a "copy and paste" from Wikipedia. Complain to them, Debbie. Pathetic.
cool, I'll tweet you after I talk
Pittsburgh, PA! We're playing the Diesel Club tonight. Doors are open, come hang out!
Just a reminder - we're closed for dinner tonight for a private event but re-opening tomorrow!
The 4 Agreements -Be impeccable with your word, Don't take anything personally,Don't make assumptions,Always do your best / Don Miguel Ruiz
Sportsfan heaven: #RedSox on Fox, #Bruins on NESN, #BCHockey coming up tonight, even the #Revs on Comcast. Not enough TV's!
Well I'm tired again. Goodnight !
Nope. That is actually a tragedy.
possibly just closed Mondays but never seen it closed before so idk :(
Make your own lane fool stop jockin these other dudes
I didn't go to the creek today, and coincidentally someone told me earlier too that they were closed, I was there yesterday..
#scon12 for traditional publishing ... SUGARCRM means bye, bye fulfillment bureaus!
Miami Heat will play in Chicago to take on the Bulls. It is a must win if the Heat can get the number one seed. Chicago is 1.5 point fav.
woo \(^.^)/ we can both be ATM challenged.
Love the phrase "uncomfortable but not paralyzed" for describing the sweet spot of a successful class.
I live for the day when you will wrap your loving arms around her...will be special.
Inspiration always helps
love it!
happy birthday girl!
And here comes the sixth shirt change of the night for
There's nothing I can really say...
I love people!!!
Wow! " : "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama" Thank you Mr. Vice President!
In light of Levon Helm's passing, just realized I saw 'The Last Waltz' at #wifilmfest several years ago.
Cool! Remind me of a band I saw a the Mercury Lounge years ago.
yeah im going into my 3rd yr of college this fall
Mayor of Seoul who took down #urbanhighways later became the president of South Korea. /cc :) /via
George Hill fast as fuck!
I dare you to shave your legs ;)
never too late to start
Any other AT&T mobile users having difficulties calling 866 numbers this morning?
My life is finally lookin good
my neck is in pain
Lakers v Heat bro
Patriots and Liberty » Blog Archive » Eyes Wide Shut: Slumbering ...
Throw the ball down the field!!
“: Some of you hoes need to drink less beer and hit the gym.”<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
So tired I went to bed at 7pm. just woke with a headache and muscle soreness and some serious thirst. Dehydray-shun! Thank you cajun man!
There are negative things that we do w/ our emotions, but our emotions are neither negative nor positive. They simply ARE.
Any guy can love a thousand girls...but only a rare guy can love one girl in a thousand ways.
Chillin with Will Sanders
Think imma drive to Sonic, and get a half-priced Sonic burger and drinks :D
Going to see Cars 2
You gotta be kidding me. Umps at Yankees/Royals
you are both right. And I only ate half.
Watching this Laker game
Starting to like my new phone but wishing I would of stuck with blackberry
Show us some cars, kids! Oh and if you haven't noticed, we're on
Best vocals without a beard is our category!
I get updates because it's a federal job. But I don't know when I will find out.
Ha, sorry. 20% off everything!
I got pissed and threw it at the wall behind the trashcan....accidentally
THAT I'M GOING OUT OF MY MIND! .-.
came home from school earllllyyyyy.
I'd never heard "tinkling the ivories" until now. Not just bad writing, but a disturbing image...David Lynch meets Liberace.
followed, can you follow me please? :)
Knew a hard foul was coming at some point from the #Blazers. This thing is ugly for them. #Knicks cruising and Camby w/ Flagrant 1 on Fields
yeah they ain't bad ;-)
Goodnight Tweeters <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
NYC skyline still takes my breath away.
Oh. And as you can tell, dumb users just think it is broken.
The on north avenue is like the ninth circle of hell. Get this $7/mo modem out of my life
what it do, kid?
I think Archie Goodwin believes he's still in the dunk contest. Two straight dunks after missing the initial attempt.
i refuse to bring my friends around the boys because they're all really pretty...................
All I want is the right guy, but I guess that's asking for to much
thnx, y'all. really exciting!
I'm having a blast. It's like being ringmaster, ninja, instigator, gadfly, & open flame all in one.
RT if you think bullying should me stoped!!!!
I'm doing it and doing it and doing it well
This page is now a news feed of free music downloads & promo dealing with
- Tomorrow is the start of a new winning streak!
your hair is perfect in your twitter icon #yesinoticethesethings #quaffedtoperfection #actorsproblems haha
Fishing with the boys.(:
Aw that's what's up! I'm bout to hit this sack up at 5
The garden He planted, oh, must it not / Have been a delightsome and favored spot! (1850)
Good morning world <U+E106>
Where you, or anyone you know, married on leap day? Want to be on KATU News and talk about it? Leave a comment on FB, or tweet back at us!
love your new hair color ;) xo!
nice meeting at CTIA on Tuesday... I'm a fan of what you're doing!
Australian Health Information Technology: The Canadian Medical ...
hi! i always miss when you talk to anyone! it sucks! so frustrated
Aw! Thanks! But I have to tell you that everyone gets an "A" and I'm canceling today's classes so we can all go out & play.
ouch my feelings are hurt
All that petty money can be saved and going towards something big! Think before you spend! DONT GO BROKE TRYING TO LOOK RICH, ACT YOUR WAGE!
first get rid of all your weed. Then see if you still want to get rid of cable.
Re: Merlin... An unenthusiastic 'eh.'. Have to admit, got spoilt by 'Robin of Sherwood' the 80's, they tried for Hist. Accuracy.
Another great loss this year in music. Your contribution to a music genera is undeniable... RIP Donna Summers
I like to thank all my new followers, for the support and hope you enjoy my tweets, time to make history!!!! :)
like enough is enough i been wit his ass literally ALL day!
Gladwell says he'd only be OK with flag football.
U-T had less than $10 million in EBITDA on revenue of less than $255 million.
yeah you should hear what some of the talk show radio hosts are saying here he's handcuffing us is far is free agency goes
Taxidermists would make a lot more money if they turned the animals into Pillow Pets
I need to write a will. Anyone have a good link to a free template?
Great podcast. Thank you so much for the mention.
Attended a webinar on Agile method for print/digital products. Will pursue, but can't tell if my bosses are tired of workflow!
he's caaaayyuuute!
Spoil me with yr affection babe
I can't wait til my follower count gets to a point where there's a 'K' at the end :)
Stakeholder mapping! Still! Yay!
This is bad.....really bad.
Market Trends Affecting The Need For Merging Two Outlook Contacts Lists
I'm such a horrible gift giver..can't wait till the holiday or birthday is here..u get ur gift when I get it even if it is over a week away
the link will be up too no worries
Happy B-lated 27th Birthday!!! =D
Every time someone underestimates you, keep your mouth shut and kill them with silence. It the best way to overcome and win!
This is what home feels like.
Right foot injury ends Dolphins RB Brown's season early
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!!!
is twitter acting a bit slow for anyone else ???
ADM Mullen: we spend way too much time on the platform not enough time in the sensors.
forget the studio equipment, its all about the chair. if you don't have the right chair just throw everything else away lol
Basil Killer!!
Sign Jamie Oliver's food petition to support better food in schools. www.jamiesfoodrevolution.com
Make the money, don't let it make you..
My friends are wonderful. I especially mean you,
my lil sis keep smacking me and she is 2
What time does this fight start that everybody is watching?
hun you cant hash tag numbers lol :)
Sad Eyes by Robert John was the #1 song this day in 1979. I loved that song. Was he a one hit wonder?
get back to work and stop hasseling with your computers, let us handle that. Starting as low as $199.00 per month! 512 873-0447
Trucks Available in East Rockaway Area after 4 PM today! Call now and get a quote!!! If Your close by, You can receive a discount of $35!!!
is on with at 1pm!
I'm still tired lol!! Good Morning!
Shopping Thanksgiving nite for deals is equivalent of putting a price tag on family, on the very day to be thankful for them.
you could been like me and waited to long to get your brakes done and have to replace everything....
I kinda want some food.
- hey! Not that old!
Thanks for all of your suggestions! We'll bring it back to the table when we plan for 2013!
I going to work on my legs To get My hops up Foreal
N gne be full of the ______
DUDE!!!!! It's 1-1 in the 8th. Hang with us! Don't give up! : And thus concludes the :-) portion of tonight's programming.
thanks Paul! Hope to see you guys soon!
Great site;)
thanks girl we won !!!! :D and I saw driving home woooop woooop !! :D
'tis a great book.
Hey, follow the Code for America Philadelphia group or #cfaPHI and don't forget to follow
Its literally freezing here <U+2603>
me & my sister been walkn round the house all week sayn "bow bow bow"...
Mf's got a rude awakening tomorrow
your so cute ! ahaha
I find the older I get the more I believe in #karma! It's al circular, folks.
I am RELENTLESS and I just got started too.
Seeking district managers in DC,OK,IL. or TX #DM me asap! great opportunity with Ross Stores
70 percent turnout in some areas of Darling Pasch recall election.
Good luck to you. I am not singing. Lmao ;)
: That's absolutely true.
Tweeting under a different name and at BEA for a good morning already.
We live in a dream always searching for reality. Wake up Wake up dreamer. All we are, are holograms
I knocked out all day after football practice, now barely tired >:l
not exactly but good guess Ashley ck back tomorrow :-)
no! Not yet! Still missing a vital ingredient! Aka you <3
WTF happened to her??
NFC Pro Bowl squad includes eight Vikings ---> They can add a few more when the #Packers players go to SB!!
i am
Confucius Say A bicycle can't stand on its own because it is two-tired
Good Night!! Tomorrow there's school D':
Gosh I love a good monday!!! So much gettin done! Great friends! Yummy foods! Free clothes from fashion weeks gimmicks!
congrats on finishing your first feature. I will definitely be checking out your tips and sidesteping oopsies!
thanks for such a great interview! it was wonderful to chat with you and learn more about this field.
Awe, that makes this bird very happy. I love the name Chookie, too!
Much appreciated. Conference planning still going well?
man, now I really want some deviled eggs
best are sort of non-specific new age-ey things that make people feel good. said mr curmudgeon,
I'm thinking I'm never gonna see you again.
What a Good Friday, no nun intended, I mean pun intended
I love kooln wit ppl worth kooln wit...
just want the seats to get used and recover a little bit of outlay for season tixs.
Of course I realize that's like giving me a +K about scurry ;)
So does Joe start CC or AJ tomorrow?
(: i'm going to become a poet lol.
#Zuckerberg addressing #GroupChat and #VideoCalling have anything to do with #Google introducing #huddle and #hangout ??
There is a local delegation of brewers at #CBC12. Scott Manning from Vintage and I believe several others as well.
Nice work. :)
Thanks & for being my wingmen last night
i dont know i haven't had much to say lately.
At least you survived the ordeal
you should pick me please :-)
Had a blast hanging out with all my new friends the other day....Looking foward to seeing you all again!
I always get it back $$$$
Hi miss beautiful!! *:
"Run" by George Strait is the best song of all time
Inspiration is key to creativity
Shit Ben crazy lately but its getting better tho everything will work its self out :-)
Newark Public schools and DrugFreeHome Foundation.org will soon announce substance abuse programs to keep kids safe
I know that was sad:( Damon cared so much for Alaric.
well now i know i will be crying at the awards ceremony, only one person will know why those tears are there
yes that would be rad.
Hardcore craving for egg bread <U+ACC4><U+B780><U+BE75> right now.
Am I the only one who thinks its tragic that they have to stop at 1923? For avant-garde art? Stupid copyright.
thank you sweet heart!
oh shit, that's cool. I'll be there, man
Am working on Blue Bloods today as an undercover cop. Great cast and crew.
Great news
Awkward moment when i used to think i dressed cute LOL
Omg this is crazy
i actually thought Roc looked fine without the blond :/
It takes 2 to whisper quietly
Friday, a thief...Sunday, a King.
you are so sweet!! Thanks for the tweet!!
The Wisconsin State Fair isnt as impressive as Minnesota's, but the people watching might be better
Weather is getting better and better!! Don't forget to checkout for music and more!!!
The ARTS Music Room has a NEW STAGE and PA System! The room is also now available to rent for band rehearsals, recording, and performances
In a Choctaw summer - where's a red blooded boy to go?
: #AwkwardWorkConversations manager: "how much for an ounce?"
Lets go falcons!
Go Lakers even though I hate LA. I'm rooting for 7 games.
Looking at you would think the only news black people had was 'celebrity'. Nothing about heritage and culture..no real news.
Reading about the "Most Interesting" rise of Jonathan Goldsmith & the Dos Equis brand in via cloverleaf
thus the tummy ache
tuesday night experimental drink night...
I love my hair :)
Already threw up twice today. Too many margaritas last night!
I love you ! #justareminder. <U+263A><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Well! There are those that don't know how to live other than in a jar !They need to step into the shoes 1st
i have like 21 days left D:
Confession #7 I've never cheated before. cause when I'm with you that's it! HONESTLY!
Hawaii Bowl Makes History – Will Be Played Monday Night on Christmas Eve: Fan’s Take
11 k's for latos what a game!
I jinxed myself - 1h 45m sitting on tarmac in MSP. Fingers crossed we take off in 15mins.
No luck; though Ancestry, could find them in the 1930 census (indexed by name), but nothing. Wait for 1940 to be indexed
I don't feel like tweeting.
just sit in on a class one day and go to his office. he didn't even know i was in his class, but chatted me for like 30 minutes.
RT I don't read people when they pray but Tim... #SweetiePies // The lord understands. lol.
Today is going to be a wild ride. Hanging on for dear life and we're ready to go...
(cont.) , Thompson Square, Vince Gill, Eric Church, Lady A, and George Strait on their 2011 Grammy nominations!
thanks for understanding!
Thanks for the retweets!
hahaha! Wow you would
Let not your hearts be troubled by what must come to pass. Trust in God & the love he promises after he separates the wheat from the chaffe.
The NC Ctr for Missing Persons has issued a Silver Alert for , Mary Elizabeth Brown who is missing suffering from dementia
i be staring down people hard AF without really realizing it. lol
"manage me, I'm a mess...turn a page, I'm a book half-unread"
RT : OH "sucks that there's so much incidental knowledge you need to be effective at php" +++++++++++++++
get it girl!!! #nerdsrule :D
Making 's everyday chocolate cake for our belated Rosh Hashanah dinner. It doesn't have apples, but it has CHOCOLATE.
hey sorry I missed you workshop in nyc!!! Next time I bethere!!! :-)
Studio open tomorrow?
Zaxby's Haha RT : Just had my first Zazby's chicken for lunch. We need one of these in Cincinnati.
Definitely understandable. My thoughts are with you and my thanks go to your family.
ragmatical (turbulent, riotous)
good to hear! Things going well... still tapping away as are you I see. ;D
So tragic. I attended 1986 Spring Game. A happy Dave McClain. 48hrs. later working in Chicago, I hear he died.
Designing a few vintage Trinket boxes and a cupcake Tutu Hair Bow Holder, so cute!
Recent research shows gum health doesn't fight off heart disease but is essential to periodontal disease & maintains overall health/wellness
This is a great resource. :)
Uh oh - clothes not ready at the dry cleaner --- looks like I'll be shopping today ;)
Workin on makin Knock 'Em Out Barbershop nationwide...
tomorrow is my birthday =)!!!
My best friend is better than all you Bitches! Just sayin #DLMBH ;)
Why is this paper 20 pages long, and I'm still not done?! Agh, my brain is melting.
haha how did you know?! I am in love with forreal. He just doesn't know it yet!
good luck with your book signing today. Wishing the best of luck! If only I could find a way down there to see u :(
Thanks for all you do for us, Katie!
What an awesome party!
#Northeastern and #URI tied 3-3, stuck in a rain delay in the midst of T10 at Freidman Diamond in Brookline.
That awkward moment when high schoolers think their relationships will all work out
Join tonight 6-7pm on Main st. for a presentation, Q&A about home ownership...activities planned after too
What do you think? If the #Dodgers can sell for $2 billion, what do you think that an NFL franchise could go for these days?
i wonder whn she gets drunk, do she call other ppl cuhz she knws im asleep?
can't wait to see everyone dolled up!!
trust me... A change is close
I'd still put Nerlens/Harrow/Wiltjer/Poythress/Goodwin up against anyone's squad though. Going to be a fun year.
Glad to see a few brunettes.. need one more!? xo
Thank you for the RT!
My spanish teacher has a twin brother; im waiting for the day they switch places and we get the other mr. Long.
What Congenital Heart Defects does your son have? My son has TOF.
I can't believe they actually fined Tortorella. Everything he said was so correct it's not even funny... Fuck the bitchy Penguins.
Can't sleep -_-
run that by me again
I'm sorry
heating for phalanges and nuts only, I'm afraid. (and frankly, they don't get pig-roaster-hot like my Yamaha's grips were!)
S/o everyone that really supports me im very grateful
"My personality promises more than I can give" -Tom Feelings. I so relate to this.
I dunno. Everyone was kind of dumb on that show. Haha. They can't even kill one dude!
awe mi amor mwah mwah I love you my hubby wubby<3
British sci-fi show that began in 1963 and is now on BBC America. It's my favorite thing in the world.
Thanks guys. That's so nice! RT Very welcome! Keep up the clever tweets!
Welcome the the new tweet feed for Parker Hall Dance. Please follow us. starting something big here people, thanks so much for being a part!
#superbowl is Christmas for a person who loves
Hey can I get a follow please?
vt wuld happen if i tweeted all night ? on fone -
I love being an only child.
Yay I did so good with the fruit snacks
“: "Do you have any whiskey? That's basically what cough syrup does." Thanks, Mom.” true story.
WASSUP PEOPLE, FINALLY WAKING UP FRM MY NAP.....SMDH.....& TIME 2 HIT THIS STUDIO, HAVE A GREAT DAY!!!!
While Beliebers listen to Boyfriend , i will listen to Mistletoe as a Bieber fan (: never as a belieber >.<
hi there. went to your link for your website download and it says it is in -operative. fyi, thanks for your follow :)
Minister Wallin: #Syria situation has many risks. Finland has 250 peacekeepers globally, lowest since 1956, so it must go up.
If ya girls just alike, we gotta have yo click
No kiDDing around on our offer...show your AARP card & get a free DDonut every time you buy Large or XL coffee.
awe how come? What's going on?
Hm hm wat to wear for picture day
haha those were the days :) you play?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
The CDC has now officially began preparation for the zombie apocalypse.
If its worth having, it's worth fighting for
You need a credit card, an insurance policy and military lineage. I had all of them, but two under the wife's name.
From the ground up, we will work with your budget & assist you from start to finish of project!!! 512-722-6136 call today!!!
That awkward moment... Bitch I bet that didn't even happen to you..
thanks for the post!
RO is in Pittsburgh somewhere... ;)
Nothing else to watch.
I am actually watching Antique Roadshow
This freaking was incredulent, decadent...
I'm a girl. Lmao. But thanks! Your an amazing artist!
lmao u gon start a tweef... OFF THE RECORD THOUGH PAC BETTER THAN ALL DEM NICCAS
How does Moses make tea?!? -Hebrews it
I can't believe my first year of college is coming to an end!! #thatshitcray haha I've met #greatpeople and had #greatmemories :)
Everybody! Follow ! I love their music and you will to!
#BlockFire I'm just surprised a place specializing in fried chicken and liquor sales wasn't more flammable!
goodnight shrinky.<3 in the morning, i hope is following me.(; haha<3 PARTY AT SCHOOL TOM LIKE ALWAYS.
I'm always tired.
The latest BUZhunt #SWAG Round may be over, but the hunt is always on! Play the cards, stay sharp and be ready for the next contest!
it's why I'm so illsocial. At noon!
i cant get a hold of ashley.
Follow me and I'll follow you
Hammond - don't have to do anything right now about roster.
#Lakers playing hard. Especially #SteveBlake and Still too close for comfort.Should be up 15 Denver don't look good though.
awww came straight here after practice. Sorry.
Agreed 100%. Nothing beats a good collaboration. Go Team Wanderer! (And thank you!)
WE ARE WALKING ON SUNSHINE....AND DON'T IT FEEL GOOD!!
I hope I win a t-shirt
Hear Kat!! imp thing is stand up for the issues that matter to YOU. They cross party lines.
we can discuss this I can help!
#CNN needs REAL investigative reporters like Michael Ware, Matt Taibbi and Co. to stay relevant. This Right-middle BS is no love connection
Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved. ~ Helen Keller
What are women supposed to do?
I appreciate the follow-up.Things fall into the pile sometimes. I will dig out that email and see if I can make it. Thanks.
thanks. I think ur the most long distance like we have yet! :) Woot internet (via )
I get to play in the creek today and look for macro invertebrates! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
On my way to practice
A two hour midday siesta does the trick everytime!
hm? Ah yeah we all want an R8. A 4.2 would be just super - what more can anyone say about this! The gratest super car in my opinion
the real question is when will you ever follow me tho?!
#sexualcultures discussing the positive social value of porn now. Need to mashup w queer deconstructions of positive social value!
Just left practice , texting . # My Day was Great(:
Bob Marley at my desk... No Woman No Cry takes me back to a Jamaica beach.
Oh thanks pat ur so nice :-D
Will do! She looks amazing!
looking forward to insight on #leadership by following you. Thanks for the @ today.
Maguire, Lost. Explores psyche of writer in London, and the notions of possession and obsession. Excellent portrayal of unlovable character.
Happy game day! 3pm can't come soon enough. Go
I tell you, I fucking hate that one time a month when girls are just bitches. x) -.-
I think the outfit is very today!!!
Good Morning Tweeters, how are yall? fine I hope!!! 'm having a good day so far and I'm blessed today. I hope you guys have one too!!!
OH: "I've gone dark." "No, you can't do that -- only once per week." #Engineers (cc )
I graduate this spring :)
stuff never changes....
Intense controversy on the bus over a car seat
you are the winner sir. Tweet of the week!
Responsibilities gravitate to the person who can shoulder them. -Tom Stoppard
Wow! I just checked Google Analytics: 275% increase in traffic from Google last week to www.getajobbook.com.
Out walking people is super awkward
30 DAYS TO LIVE.... IT BEGINS NEXT TUESDAY NIGHT.
#ArtFact: 19th cent photo negatives were exposed on egg-white coated paper to give them a sepia tone. This term was called albumen.
you guys won't say hi before you leave
I am. I don't want to give it away. Does Skydrive integration count for the #cloud challenge or just Azure?
- that's cool. I've also been to Cabo San Lucas in Mexico, the Big Island of Hawaii and Canada briefly.
I meant
I have to admit I'm wearing a neon pink skirt today!
Hey thanks for the RT! Much appreciated!
of course, what time?
Thanks for the follow bro! Stay safe out there.
What's up vanilla face!
Slow-cooked Broccoli and Garlic soup today.
Dang it Brewers!!!
Thriller by MJ was just playing on 102.7 and I was jamming :)!
This internship class has spent all morning covering the exact same strengthsfinder material as my leadership class, please kill me now!
RT When you love what you do, perfecting your craft is never work!!! (via )
I think one of the best things that did was sign ! His matches with and have been outstanding
"My family tree doesn't fork."
how about its too far away in a room where my parents are sleeping?
I'm seeing in person in a month. He'll get something then.
I put lime in everything and my mom thinks it's weird too. SO, AP TESTS ENDS THING WEEK! LET'S HANG OUT THIS WEEKND!
Closing ur eyes on a bumpy bus can b relaxing ... or just sicking
im following you can you please follow me ?
Got my promotion dress ;*
thx for the shout-out! Keep up your great work....
You have until 10pm tonight to get your free iced coffee. Mention promo code BOOST22 when you come in or drive thru.
Hey friends with little ones -join for Packy's big b-day bash 2morrow. She's loaded with elephant jokes =)
now that is hilarious. Baseball is as exciting as watching paint dry, but to each their own.
I need to get some food in ths tummy :9
Longboard....gotta do that!
Great performance so far from Marco Estrada. That's why you use your proven 6th starter rather than the rookie call-up. Need bats!
well try harder !!
got a sneak peek at my new #blog last night, can't wait to start writing!! THanks for designing it!!
We're producing the live music & custom t-shirts in BBQ cook-offs. We're excited. See us in March at the TTHA Bucks & BBQ Cook-Off!!
I am doing GREAT! I've been following your TL on FB and Twitter. Gotta call you & see what you've been up to. Love ya!
You are hilarious right now. When u said, KBYE, I didn't realize u were talking to me until I got the dial tone.
hit us up Miss Hollywood.! Glad you are over that awful flu!
obviously not in boystown. so i think he's ok. besides...i'm not that fond of faggots either. i prefer homos or the gays.
There are dreams stronger than death. Men and women die holding these dreams.
28k started w 30k 75/150 in 3500 main event Table is a mix of good and bad players.
In The Heights W/ Papi Antt
Happy 31st birthday party hard my friend & have fun!!!!! :) <3
I hate waking up. </3
oh no! You've been talking to !
Poolside (kind of) without is just wrong. Missing you!
Well now that i have done nothing iam beyond bored!! Ugh lol
Why the hell would I waste my time listening to this indie Grouplove bullshit when I could be listening to Jane's Addiction?
why does my TL NEVER work.
I can't wait!:)
How long is Ironman? I feel like I've been watching this movie all day.
Education is key for constant growth....so educate yourself and grow....or don't and stay stuck in the same spot. R.O.Deezy
whats going on honey I will always pray for you dear,,, will do
Nicole Sullivan () is talking about CSS duplication. Trying to turn invisible.
Don't take orders GIVEM
: Amplify positive posts with positive sentiment; id and respond to posts with negative and recognize outstanding agents
"Today... DESCRIBE more, DEFINE less... Be SIMPLE, not SIMPLISTIC... enJOY the experience of a FRESH & REVITALIZED sense of BEING." ~ S.M.W.
In August, I was one of the few with a mohawk. Now I see one every other day...
That would be a lot of talk about pressure systems in one room
it clearly doesn't know whose boss
When that one person you want to talk to falls asleep <<<<<
Health Tips: eat a handful of seeds a day to get your omega 9 needs met
my god father G. J has passed on ppl plz stop saying hes made up he had a great life and loving family U will 4ever be missed
ah thanks <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>“: hi love to be friends with a prity girl like u”
I thought Jerel Worthy might be the 2nd DT off the board. But 4 have been picked, and he's still out there
Good for not giving a fuck .
Go ahead and bump that macchiato!
Lehigh is the University of Southern Colorado of the Patriot League.
Hold up, wait a minute, let me put some Kush up in it | #NowPlaying Dre / Kush
Have a great day, Rick!
Flogging Molly not on for at least another hour. I'm already drunk. Uh-oh.
this is why i follow you. keep doing what you do
Frustrated. Oh well. Comes with life.
Sorry to anyone that may have got spammed by me. Changed password so it shouldn't happen again.
Maggie Skoyck is the Baddest Biatch in the land!! Cuttin Puddles like cray cray!!! Thanks girl! We love ya!
What Happens in Vegas... Ends up on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc... Happy First Friday...
listening to Boosie how deep is your love
conference talking about LA 20 years after the riots. Looking back & ahead. Lots of good stuff. Check out
So excited to watch a game at Miller Park, but devastated won't be chewing his nails on 2nd base!
tell me you guys don't like that Joey kid because I was seriously getting annoyed!
Meek Mill
#TEDMED-S.Kishore CAUSES of CAUSES in med school curriculum. MAKE Policy, Public Hl, Nutrition, Exercise, Poverty, Social Justice mandatory
I know right! This is some Bull$&!#!
by the time i finished eating lunch, an inch of snow had fallen on the ground
Sucks to fucking suck Tonya. I'm almost 18. I'll do what the ever fuck I want.
please follow me !!! <U+2665>
you can get by without coasters.
What a comeback! Big win.
That's how rumors get started #Idon't have a tattoo!
awe thank you!!!! youre the best! :))
So I read that some teens were denied entry into the US because of a tweet that used the words destroy and U.S.
So Ms Demarco parked right next to us at Lennox with her boyfriend...
This rocks Dude!
Librarian needs help from French Librarian on helpalibrarian.com
I swear my brain is 70% song lyrics
%1 milk where it's at!
#Jon Huntsman was still on the ballot in DC. Who knew?
RT In my old neighborhood it is a #policeman that look like
All nighter(:.. ehh idk if I'm up for it
Spread Ya Legs Arch Ya Back !
If you think #JerseyShore is the worst show on TV clearly you haven't seen #Brooklyn11223 yet..
HCwakeforest gets a shout out on the homepage...do you see it?! www.hercampus.com
#InOurGeneration Global justice will become reality. We are all connected.
Global Wheelchairs (Powered and Manual) Industry
good night beautiful
Be sure you’ve been properly introduced to someone in service and your first oil change is scheduled
how cute <U+263A>
Because he lives, I can face tomorrow!
video tutorials rock. Just watched a 5-star recording about
Yes..she does. RT : does Rashetta still work there?
email me at if you wanna have some stuff filmed!!
Haha sure, sist.:) but I'm red belt in tae kwondo now :P
Have to feel a lttle sorry for him. What could have happened to him to make him this way?Must have been terrible :-/
"Brazilian Hooligans Love Bruno"? Oh. I thought ALL hooligans love Bruno. No one is better. We all support the same person. .______.
Got up at 2 am to finish getting ready in order to be at the airport by 4:30 am!
Dis OG got da whole crib clouded up & I bet u I be outta time before I'm outta luck...
All the time...
u know that weirdo that put the faces??
Welcome to Twitter!
I love that red blazer. Don't take it off, you may find it missing...;)
haha omg so much fun, can't wait for fri! ps.. Took me like 15 minutes to find my car... Not sure how tht happens every time! Haha
I really love the Chrissy romper & the Carine dress. Would love to see how Stacy the accessorizing enchantress would style them
Step 1) set up email account. Step 2) spam a bunch of American senior citizens. Step 3) get rich.
Kids who make their parents feel like shit<<<
Good morning!
I see. The Lof piece I posted is available to all, I think. Accessed it from asha.com without entering my membership password.
Wishing I had moves like Jagger.....
Just got carded buying spray paint. C'mon I haven't tagged or huffed since the 90's.
follow me back buddy :)
@ Miraval - a life in balance. First spa treatment tonight- 100 min Ultimate Ayurvedic. Oiled from heat to toe. So relaxed. Way to start!
Sponsored pins, perhaps?
never happened lol
Keep seeing signs for a huge kids sale. I have 3 small ones can i trade them in?
So what about this weather? xD
Thinking about being extremely irresponsible and spending my tax refund on a plane ticket to Nashville.
basically. It's a damn sham
"The road to success is always under construction"
He took the nails from me!
Reading a history of Jonestown. It's…dark.
Would it kill Steimsma to put his hands up on D? I guess it would.
My laptop got some Smart Hdd Virus . Aghh ! But Ima just crank up the studio and make some hitz
Keeping a diary is very useful to a single lady who has leisure time on her hands. (1850)
i actually almost had an arguement about differences between "evil" and badass
lol that explains why she always mad lol
remember that night we had together about 3 months ago?
Surprised!!! Rams not taking a linemen?
CC Tenants: Concierge is giving away Admirals tix for Sun 2/26 3pm game (courtesy of the Private Bank) While supplies last! Limit 2/person.
The referred to as "her opponent" in the pot he doubled up off Abbey Daniels.
Was a pleasure meeting today at #DSum12 (a great follow!). Looking fwd to making more great connections during the Reception!
lol nothing.. Hello there Jp! Stay safe
does anyone fall for the fake accounts more than Dickie V? I'm glad you're there to inform him.
Jen you can come to me for any questions any time....if I don't know the answer I'll make something up. #shellAnswerMan ;)
#WhatHurtsTheMost is being ignored by and
“: BREAKING NEWS: #Oscars to remain at Kodak Theatre which is NOW officially the DOLBY Theatre. Both are 20-year deals.”
SIS I miss u!!!
Dixon, Frachitti, and Briscoe!! who will it be as IRL rolls to the WIndy City this weekend!!
Bored college student,"Frankly, Shakespeare bores me." Wm F. Buckley, "I see. And would that be Shakespeare's fault . . . or yours?"
Just arrived in Ft. Worth for Law, Culture & Humanities annual conference. Follow & for live tweets from
QUOTE OD THE DAY: "A mind at peace, a mind centered and not focused on harming others, is stronger than any physical force in the universe."
Thanks for the follow!
follow me???
Social networking for social causes for social change
Let's hope Rangers get it together before my 1st visit to the Ballpark tomorrow night with and family
Kiss 105.3 knows me so well. I start singing " the fighter" to myself and then it comes on:)
Guys.. What's a good gift from your girlfriend.. Just wondering
Why can't the World be the United States of the World?
Freelancing Tip: Be a presenter for professional organizations if given the opportunity to do so; builds cred and name recognition.
he said "yeah. Why?"
Getting ready to visit my summer stomping ground and do some #graduatestudent #advocacy on the Hill and at the
Debating getting my nose Peirced! I think I'm feelin it....
Too beautiful of a day for calling hours...
Charlie Forbes, Twilight Tattoo
My favorite part about being a designer - when its not about the money but the smile that comes with "sure I'd be happy to lend a hand."
Times when I fine it hard 4 me to breathe is when my mind reflex's back uncontrollably on the one potential love that has escaped me.
Visiting old joliet prisonns, holy shiizz
No its your leg
I was destined to shine and I will do just that follow me and I will def follow u rite back ;)
I gotta kick my ass tomorrow morning!!!!
that is awesome considering I get bullied every day with words and touch like punching I just who's it would stop;(
thanks for the CRM recommendations: Appreciate the input.
scarily easy to do! RT I'm not so slowly becoming addicted to
I can't tell you too much over the public tweet, but I can tell you that it is going to be great and it is NOT a directory.
Taking my kids to Ringling Museum.
Hey, ck out fashionbaggage fan page on fb and hit LIKE it would make my Monday!!
Jennifer Flawless Lawrence<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
there's just a point when a boy seems oblivious and should really stop texting me.
your jeans fit nicely
6 more followers to 400! Someone help me out :P
If you're not near the Common, check out 's Family Fireworks on
FF! Thanks for following us!
Be color blind, don't be so shallow :)
come home to me!!! rawrrrrr!
I hate Geometry! Especially graphing stupid parabolas >:| I hate School ! I hate homework It gives me such a headache!
Thank you for your support!
can't wait to try it.
Thanks Pete! Stay sexy! RT : yessir the castle mega store is quite exciting up here in Fairbanks
Awhhh yeah hunger games yeah.
& I was your first follower :)))
#Sarah Bernhardt Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth
It's going to be a beautiful ride
i already put this pic on you retard.
"That Ain't My Truck" followed by "Austin," then "Neon Moon." You get me, George Strait Radio on Pandora.
I'm so bored.__.
omg ur lookin amazing! Keep it up hunny, I love it!
Woohoo! RT The Australia countdown is officially in the single digits till Mandy goes down unda!! eek!!
#Cohesia Art/Fashion/Music/Skate
Theory: if someone wants to trade for Noah, they are better off paying slightly less for Varejao.
hahahahaha. Apparently I am fertile. And you gotta go deep to get the boy!
I just got home from my soccer game, wbu?
#Twins vs. #Brewers wknd of May 18 at Miller Park... who wants to goo?!
"Cry alone, I've gone away No more nights, no more pain I've gone alone, took all my strength I've made the change, I won't see you tonight"
do you even get on this thing
It's so hot I'm afraid to complain or it will take itself to another city & leave us with a cold rainy summer.
Super efficient day today. Three depositions in the same case back to back. Wish they were always scheduled like this.
RT : Life beats down & crushes the soul & art reminds you that you have one.
Is the #weather finally gone crazy?
Vikings&#39; King May Face Assault Charges
Why did you cut his hair
We can defend good attribution to students even (especially?) on grounds of the collaborative ethos of digital tech
u just got caught (Stephen a voice) ur buggin the man averages 20 n 10 lmao
Need good recs for 2012 #PR & #socialmedia training events. Send them my way please and thanks!
The #lockdown made for an interesting day, but I'm glad nothing happened.
Bleak Fixer-Upper
bummer. I have to teach tech tutoria. :(
Guy at GABP yelling "Darwin ... Can you here me?" well, yes, if I can hear you in Louisville, Barney can.
Given your roster I offer you use of my team name: Jacquizz In My Pants. Yes it's juvenile but that's why it's fun.
Fill in the blank: I really wish I could read _________’s diary.
do any of my twitter peeps use scrivener? thinking of making the switch.
thanks for the win! Best friday ever!
Going to Los Angeles...staying in a mansion riding in Ashton martins..how could I hate my life!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
why is the after party over????
Man its hot in his barber shop
I just wanted to point out how amazing my beard/mustache looks today.
I've drank some inspiring bobal recently. Love it.
will do
Need to set up your music publishing - contact me
You don't need luck, you have to help you if you screw it up! RT : Wish me luck. Im about to upgrade to LION.
#WhatTomWouldDo Save a mom and her child from a violent boyfriend
just saw that will be releasing a new album this summer! Cannot wait!!
I do stuff without giving a fuck.
OMG IF U DON'T SHUT UP ABOUT THAT !
Eventually we want to be a resource for all colleges around the world buying goods and services, but initial focus will be domestic.
Eating huge strawberries and dipping them in Hershey syrup. M
#MOSDOHevent the crowd's assembling and the excitement's growing!
right? Or logging on the next day to see you blasts naked twitpics all over your network lol
The question is... What do YOU have in store for Friday night?!
Sounds good! Stop by for our lunch specials! It's also Tattoo Tuesday!
TT on the horizon back into the 5th grade swing of things
I want a baby,,
The Rupert Holmes - Escape Song makes me cry every time
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Last Night, Deborah H. of Crossville won the new iPad during our Apple A Day Giveaway! Another chance to win = Tonight 7 & 7:30!
Goodman: Kansas City has surprisingly strong theater scene and most Equity theaters outside NY. It's true, I was just there!
Thank you to community members I spoke w/at Farmers Mrkt. No work being done this AM...City inspectors ensuring compliance on all permits.
SB 17 @ Glendale is blocked b/c of a bad rollover...take 35th or 19th Ave. instead. CBS-5 Morning News for more info.
when's the 9th edition? And will you have Spenser's View of the Present State of Ireland in it? Please?
yeah but i finished !!:)
Hey moms, come in tonight for a$1 off your beer, $3 Sangria, $2.50 mommy mimosa, or a $4 pink 'mom'tini - just say 'Wendy ' sent you-xxoo!
Making the Obama mic incident a political issue is just silly. It didn't reveal anything we already didn't know.
happy #WW! I am no longer tweeting from Better Wine Guide - it's on hiatus, so I'm Tw from classof1855. I hope you are well!
So what's the latest from the #EOLContent meeting?
thanks for the RT!
Me too, but multi-tasking...RT : I hate when I join the #HITsm chat late. Oh well, I'm here now.
I'll be on MFC too but I don't think your talking about My Friends Couch RT I'll be live on Mfc tonight! I miss u guys!!!
i am hoping yal bust they ass tomorrow i looking 4 da 10th win!!
136$, Sperry's, betseyville wrislet, and Real pearls from my daddy that he got from Hawaii, I'm so happy and thankfu! Blessed.
It's so hard to get up early on Satursay
I just did a show in downtown LA. It was an office covered in clown based attire. I've still done weirder shows. But this one was odd.
Sarah's key
You thought there was going to be some clever little Valentine's Day rhyme, didn't you? Too cliche' ;-P Order in some love tonight at...
My mom's is on the 1st o-o
#love so many people use your name in vain.
Signed my first lease today! After a year and six moves- I'm excited!
What about Kobe's 81 points in a modern NBA game?
Please, just leave me alone.
is definitely a hard worker and driven by grades. I have no idea where she gets that. ;)
just chill
I don't really tweet that much anymore :/
working on humility. it's really really hard sometimes. Especially when it's easier to see negativity
Many thanks to for giving a terrific presentation last night to my Interactive Media students @ NYU - Much eFood for eThought!
If you're happy and you know it clap your....aw.
Missing the basketball game to watch the niagara play for Mary..... Crown me best boyfriend ever now
Some people create their own storms then get upset when it rains.
Martinez: student tech leaders support their peers and their teachers
of course. Sorry for delay in response! 60 bars + 1 box for giveaway? What day do you need them?
Miss you, too! Shani does a good job, though, although she seems very shy! How are you??
Drinking my parents homemade cider/applejack. Not bad. :-)
Long night of studying.
#shestooyoungforyouif she quotes Justin Bieber on a daily basis
Smart idea!
"There's a king in every corner now." - Cat
I'm done with you. LMAO! ": I know you can get a man anytime you want Debbie Kardashian."
#ILostRespectForYouWhen you asked for a take two
I'm watching it too!!!! Now they are in Osaka
Thank you!
Fire has always been and, seemingly, will always remain, the most terrible of elements... ~H
Roadtripping from sea to shining sea. In Sweden.
I couldn't come because I was still sick.
Great job Lewis. Just watch out for a crazy Webber in that 1st corner! Good luck for the race.
Flashdance...What a feeling just came on and DJ will not agree to doing the dance. Geez...
Opening a few more spots for the"Bailando Con Verizon" Competition this Friday! Call 402.706.6779
Soul Trip to NYC is tomorrow. Hello NY!
I love you!<3
what is it that you like about Paris? Maybe someday you'll go! You could decorate your room like Paris that would be fun!
Breakfast Time! Egg Whites, Oatmeal, and Toast. Good way to start out the day!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!
I swear CVS is marking up umbrellas when it's raining. Just bought biggest pos for $11.
Who wants a funny video? Go to YouTube type in Grandson gets brain freeze. It's the first one there. Check it out. Comments welcome
the jiri chronicles should be on the list if not already... Over 500 individual works by "him"
Good Morning, everyone. "The will of God will never take you where the grace of God will not protect you"
Okay seriously... Why have I never seen "The Producers" before?!?
I am however impressed by the selection of "makers" Target has. Donut, ice cream, cake pops, waffles, sno cones, fortune cookie s& MORE <U+261D>
Still homeless... lol
Moving forward.
Lame. You should come down to Austin and party with me instead. We'll get boots and eat tacos.
had a great zumba class tonight.....
that pillow better have come equipped with a sandwich maker
-Here again! :P
#FF TO ALL THE AMAZING UNGERATOTSSS OUT THEREE!! ;] <33 LOVE U ALL!!
And apparently I wasn't reading your blog before. How *rude.* I was halfway certain I was. I am now. Make that 445 RSS feeds. :)
I hope all the dishes fall and break into thousands of pieces .
I've realized I'm too nice to the meanest people.
We left the house today at noon for a day full of fun. After many unexpected adventures, the family is finally home at 5:45 p.m. cc
hell yeah they do
I've still got the stupid idea that you will come back.
Off to visit with in the A.M. Got a surprise that will be unveiled at the game
Hopefully #madmen premiere makes my day better
Had a beautiful time in Austin at SXSW. We need to play more festivals like that :)
Thank you so much!!! :D
I love new music to my ears.
Perfect. Love Silo .5% recommendation! Thank you!
Evita sound track :) RT #Shindig friends What song is playing now?
Ah, editing budgets is a painful business that I don't wish upon you!
Go forth in prosperity and victory.
14-0 Wisconsin, late first half
Spring cleaning time with a sweet Spotify playlist.
- i am going to try this out :) are you going out tonight?
I just want to go home!
Austin powers too funny
In all honesty, I think I'm too scared to feel as powerless and weak as it would feel to truly love someone.
Why couldn't I have been there D:
Thanks James!
Just got a sports pitch about "Metsanity" being the newest craze because the NY Mets are 4-0. Tempted to reply with "LOL" in 72 point font.
what did they put you in? Lol(:
Enjoy that time in the peach state.
the girls in Europe are smoking hot, but there is no way they live by the 3 c's
GabriellaRoger2 thanks for following me on Twitter!
Stopped on by to witness do his thing!! Sorry for the short stay buddy..taxi meter was running ;)
FUCK ORANGE COUNTY
Looks like I'm going to bed at 10... God night peoples
Your Royals are beating the big, bad Rangers tonight...
Honestly, that opens up a whole other can of worms. Instapaper is my kryptonite.
Don't forget, #Denver! See a special screening of our award winning short film "Cut '83!" on 9/24 at The Oriental Theater!
Your not a 'Bad Bitch' You just look Bad, Bitch.
I meeseeeeeee jew
Club time
o ok bf
I'm bringing the video camera so we can document your first visit! ;)
sweet converse
Dont pull that trigger. Lakers cant play D
please follow me!
ANNOUNCING LATE NIGHT HAPPY HOUR ON ALL GAME DAYS!! From 9-close & excluding Sundays since we're only open till 2 :) cheers -LR”
you can tell them about the songs if u want I wrote them all then the special one for ariana
Awesome bio pic - and thanks for following me! ;)
I feels ya bro bro there is a ton of traffic on the topic right now but I think it's all in good fun
bra but if anything changes , ima let you know thoo
Checking in with our Digital folks. Still acting up? We just need to get you out to another race!
my balls haha
Food Fact of the Day: May 8, 1886 Coca Cola is first sold to the public at Jacob's Pharmacy in Atlanta, Georgia.
10 Day Forecast: Partly Sunny, high of 62.
Photo proof will help
Having an amazing day so far with a bunch of wonderful people :)
LOVE IT! RT WHAT!!!?? LA #KINGS SCORE AGAIN!!! Hahahahahah 4-0 :D ah we too Beasty!
GM World.....Making Moves !!
Yes Chris...that's the ball. You're supposed to catch it.
Why are all my friends older than me like asdfgh
RT!!! ": I bet Rob Dyrdek has the funnest life!!"
Love that NBC will end the night with Top Gun!!!
Funny, has Beerfest on right now... In honor of #pcbw?
omg please kill me now
I hate this feeling.
I fear nothing but God and Failure
yes, he is related to the Bidwell family
You're a pig.
Why is he in trouble??? Hes done nothing wrong yet... RT : Christopher Wheeler!!! You are in trouble, mister!
After 35+ yrs worth of presidential speeches, Reagan's speech after the Challenger disaster is the only one I can quote from.
Finished planting squash, peppers, and beans. Rain this week, then bring on the sun...
"we're all about to die, some way"
i already got chipotle! sry.. maybe if you guys had the delicious organic ingredients i seek :(
Tonight was fun. I miss you quite a bit tho. Nakupenda.
Oh how people annoy me...
Let's all take a moment to enjoy the fact that the #Bruins won 9-0 tonight. Good stuff.
its true. graduated from fohi. we just sold the family home now we no longer go to fontana.
U Knocked it out of the park in #THINKLIKEAMAN! And BTW.. your Fearless Mag cover #RIDICULOUSLY BEAUTIFUL! Be Blessed
just discovered a bat flying around my house and had to herd it out my back door!
Wtf happened last night??
Survived south coast.
thanks ; shall we hope for your attendance/blessing?
Just finished season 4 Breaking Bad. Mind fully blown. Palms sweating, heart racing. OMG's nonstop. you are a total badass.
wonderful to hear that! Yes, lots of photographers have shot here!
LOL! RT : Seriously,great podcast-such a wealth of knowledge 4 writers,actors,creators,every1.Even prostitutes!
UPDATE 1-Market Chatter - Corporate finance press digest
No invite? KillYoSelf RT : Party at the house tonight tho
Where's your God now Tebow?
Oops, that's a Wednesday. Driving up for the day to present.
yeah, I don't see how they keep a straight face.
stepping off the ledge into co-writing a script; scary, exciting, wonderful, intimidating, challenging, illuminating, spirit-lifting--love!
You can't repeat something like that...
Take care of yourself, your health, your mind. That's all I will say.
There never was an earthquake warning. There was a Tsunmai watch. The type of earthquake probably played a role yes.
{grabs large napkin, wipes away the drool}
Thx for following! Looking forward to connecting & reading your tweets! We help finance co's that are premature for banks.
Probably same issue with custom cakes... Copy-write infringement.
#howtokeepsomeonehappy cook for them
All great answers. Thank you. You are all on your way to
Netflix in bed and chocolate.
#ShoutOut to ..!! (now following)
I miss you too..you have no idea :( how has everything been?
just get an iphone 5 man!
Dom had a blast working with you on BOK-James "Warden Swickle" DuMont
You're welcome! It was interesting - and indicative of the growth of the home care trend we've been seeing for a while.
#prssana Ethics tip: maintain the integrity of relationships with basically everyone. :)
Ha! always happens RT: : is trying to get everyone to participate but we are all too busy tweeting.
How tf did he get a screwdriver in the 1st place
Bitch got me fucked up!
Usher's done it again! (it=made a terrible song)
Hmm...not sure. I vote reboot.
i voted for you :) <3
Well Its okay we can share.. I think ^_^
ILY SO MUCH
The night we knew our lives will never be the same
I can't be mad about that!
Almost time for summer bocce in fed hill and hampden sign ups are over tomorrow
Thanks to my 4th grade teacher Ms. Donovan @ P.S.198 in Manhattan for showing me the world through literature and poetry.
Thank you to the Service Dept! YOU GUYS ROCK and are a place where all women can feel confident coming in w/out hubby!
Starting a Lock session in like an hour or so, got like 30% left for sale. 19 mtts, $750 total after a 1.23 markup, can accept Paypal/Lock
Indianapolis Let it Out Column: The next presidential election is more than a year away and I am already sick and tired of hearing about.
Wow, your dumb and math isnt my strong subject either.
this clipper game........
Imani made a fake phone call to an OA to pretend they are BFF. She later admitted that they have met once. In his interview.
dude there's never any wildlife in SoCal. It sucks!!!!!
lol oh god I wish I could tap that right now hahaha. Maybe if I have $$$ lol.
Adam Clayton Jr. Powell~ A mans respect for law and order exists in precise relationship to the size of his paycheck.
If I meet one more cool person here my head's going to explode. The world is in good hands. We're going to be OK
I know I was supposed to be at work at 5pm, but I got out of school at 4 and by the time I showered, ate and went to visit my friend who ...
Well that was a good game! Good job #Seattle #Sounders !! Anyone else watch the game?
I see that you speak Greek. Me too. We should get together and chat sometime! Sorry I've been out of touch.
Don't pull your hair out! Only ??? many more years before retirement! LOL Ok that wasn't nice of me. ;)
Asian food markets creep me out. The things I've seen.
thanks. Great insights.
Freakin' school tomorrow!
#Google is being a bitch tonight! :(
Life is too short to be small. -Benjamin Disraeli
Not sure yet but I am going to The Dark Side & Writing About America Friday. What about you?
MY RELATIONSHIP with MY BELIEBERS awww
intoxicated by memories and feelings.
RT : I'm not kidding - this Redskins-Bears game is so bad that I think it just gave Troy Aikman a concussion. Is that possible?
*bows* My goal every day. :)
What? Are you too fucking good for Bodgie Ball? I mean for fucking crying out fucking loud!
J ALAN's CD release party tonight @ Myst!! Hit me up for table reservations or guest list @ (602)882-0317 TONIGHT $100 BOTTLES!
Haha condom commericals crack me up!!!
Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed. ~ Vaclav Havel
The Sims. Obviously.
Watch what you Tweet: Gilbert Arenas: Another who used Twitter to paint himself into a corner and get nailed for it. When will they learn?
teacher in service! :)
If I combined all of the plays of the songs from Up All Night on my iPod (plus a few others), it totals out to 477 plays. :)
I've got one more work day till my vaca, you doing anything special?
No life
ONLY #6DAYS AHH cant wait follow? ;)
This is the anthem, throw all your hands up
great idea, is there anything like this in the U.S.?
“: Erica, thanks for the RT. Are you on Pinterest? Finding it worthwhile?” yes, very worthwhile
thanks pimp
Sounds like a system of coughs might be necessary to communicate during the ceremony. Good luck!
nope, they would have the same horrible season they just got out of he made that offence.
Get Classical Rose Bar event on May 6th will be hosted by WQRX's Terrnace McKnight!
What exactly is success, when you are certain that you can't fail?
who cares how much $ they make!!
Me too! Thanks again!
So I listened to Orson Welles' War of the World with an older relative, and it was seriously creepy--more, perhaps, than any visual medium.
I'm stepping up my game. Watch out world! Excited for the kickoff of the new class Saturday. Looks like it will be a great turnout.
if it's good beer then you're in heave
: i friggin love them.! :D lolz
"Final" dress today for #borgia likely a bit of stop and go with work still to be done
if i told you id have to kill you
its all 100%
True words! She makes me sound like a smart person every day! :) RT : P. S. Molly Sheridan is the best editor ever.
Quote of the day RT : Keep playin with me and I'm gonna make you that age forever.
Common sense >> everyone has it, USE IT!!
Did you go to #Pinks yet?
"Never look back unless you are planning to go that way!" Great thought for the day.
just saw the new video, keep it up! :)
We miss u! Thx 4 introducing me 2 - did u know he hadn't been 2 since he was a kid?!
Damn girl let me get out of the elevator before you come in
im following u (: follow back ? <3
I had a dream DMed me(:
i was being ironic (or something)
oh last tweet was about
Agreed. It is getting harder to explain to people why the research is so vital.
the murals on board chamber wall is racist, not single person of color. Not even Indians!
Got to go Bucky with &
Is this gonna last forever?
I think my direct messages are turned off..no one is tweeting back at me! Waaahhh
niggaz so broke to the point they need a cast!!
Come On Kotsay!
I hate being home sick!:P
@ #kidscreen - "if all you want to do is sell things and make money, you will ruin an entire generation." That'll leave a mark..
We love to hear that, Robin! Thanks! Hope to see you when you make it back to
I know what you mean
off topic, your bio is the best I have seen so far :-]
It's
Went into a glass house ... Ran into a door ... Badass
I hate programming a microprocessor. It's so hard, I understand the basics of electronics but this is too far in
What's it go be dont you want to be more then friends
Oh my god this show.. This girl is talking about how she maybe pregnant with her dads kid and shes happy about it..
Thanks. We love FLAVOR!!! RT : amazing tikka - come back to AON soon!
ood. we can skype tonight. i'll wait up
#ghettocrayoncolors Bad Tv reception black
Thanks! Are you from austraila? Sorry if I spelled that wrong :) lol
At the CloudConnect conference in Santa Clara this week for a customer project. Drop me a note if anyone is here and wants to catch up...
STILL haven't seen my letter from ): No Bueno
I'm sure that's not true. Why, I hung a hook up just yesterday so I could have a place to store my bootleg.
save me one for this evening!
Saying, OOH I REMEMBER when you have no idea what they are talking about
too late
I wore the same jeans & my lucky Dirk Show shirt, it was 4-0 during the Finals.
It's funny cos it's true!
Lots of lonely nights ahead!!!
So excited I started my 12 day teeth whitening that introduced me to!!! Can't wait for my before and after pics!
V, you are & were always beautiful. Inspiring & humble- goes nice w/ your hustle, passion for music & new body. xoxo
thanks for sinking the island they called revis
#ICantDateSomeoneThat believes in zombies. So, I guess Christians are out...
When Are The Boyz Coming To Michigan ? We Want To See Them Over Here !
It was nice to meet you. You are an awesome person!
more technology in your life=more electromagnetic waves which means more cellular disruption (worse case scenario--cancer)
- moo is boo.
that's the second rec for him! Thanks!
One week away! Next Sunday at the Riverwest Public House... NEW WORD DOCUMENT WITH MISS DIA! Sign up, shave your soul.
before i die i want to visit the santa monica pier
Good afternoon Tweeps! Have a Wonderfully #Blessed Weekend!
I did. I'm looking for the easiest (for you) way to resolve it.
have you looked at my avatar's teeth?
Friday, c'mon baby get here already! Special visitor for me yay!
DUMB DRIVERS DONT DESERVE TO LIVE!!
no reason
Some ppl are juss professional jeffers
Here we go.
Holding my breath while the Internet loads to look at my college algebra final grade.
Anytime! We're uploading the TVP fashion week party playlist to our blog soon, we'll let you know!
Thanks. Where's the wedding?!? Congrats to you and The Cornhusker again man. She's great people!
I will be partying, though!
#Arsenal got clobbered, but the Vintage Reggae WinterFest will go on and nice up the weekend. Don't miss it!!
Trying to build out display of metrics. Also want an advocacy and outreach program. Using Sloan Grant funds.
wishing you all the best on your streetcar journey. Hope u will visit 2 share your artistry with aspiring artists.
I hate those dude!
Only one in two billion people will live to be 116 or older.
Iused2beAddicted2Coffee No coffee?! I drink #GreenTea Daily yet drink hot-Chocolate-Coffee 4roadtrips! :)
“: S/o ”shouting back! What's good?
Yep. That's him.
RT : lol - watch the video. Very clever :) Will DO!!!
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly U.G.L.Y. You ain't got no alibi... You ugly.... Yeah... Yeah... You ugly!!!! Lmbo
I wanna be on that bus.
Hosting a show tonight. I don't know why people trust me with a mic, but I'm glad they do.
Homie! I'm sure you're already going crazy, but call me when you can please! <3 Miami!
Same nigga that you knew back when shit ain't changed but the time & day .
Wonderful news! 1-800-Flowers.com has now come on board Diversity Platinum giving our members wonderful discounts. Thank you 1800 flowers!
i thought the same but it is actually legal!!
Yes we are human, it's so easy to have negative thoughts then positive ones RT
Playing a round Friday Night @ BELCORT TAP ROOM @ 10 PM w/ Jordan Kyle Reynolds & Eli Rhodes... Come Check It!!!!
Guy parked in Diebold van outside my place. Should I be worried?
Goldy Locks and you know this mang RT : Do work son!
And it has to start pouring right before I go out for the bus :/
"I'm thinking one Girl. She thinking Me, Earl , James and Jimmy. Yea, she had plenty. But Love for me, she didn't have Any"
Today's Lunch Feature: Rosemary Papardella Pasta w/ lamb Bolognese Soup: roasted butternut squash
Nigga stop tweeting at work b4 yo ass get fired that aint bout nothin... U aint building no #Brand but u kno what it is tho
yeah, did you hear about quick? he had to do lunges for 1200 yards
beats me! I thought they were the best role models ever and thought it was fate every time 'In the Meantime' came on
Thanks katie! :)
Learning how to use Twitter as a competitive research tool
Shout out to my new followers! Thanks for the follow!
Our alums have won 96 Oscars so far. Pulling for alum 's film "The Descendants" to win Best Picture.
Come to the Mary Pickford Studio tonight for a screenwriting discussion on genre. Great for #writers. We're in
PS: I'm studying for my OT2 final so: wish me luck and thanks for the distraction!
Detroiters! We're setting up a screening with the free press for next month! WIll open in Detroit in September! Thanks for being patient!
Rochester! You're right by my new office.
then turn it off..
WOW! Great plans so far! The AT? Fun - where do you plan on starting?
under/over 8 - number of lawsuits that result from ice related injuries in The Big D isaster?
oh like you're not doing the same right now. The difference is you have mirrors on the ceiling. Very 70s of you
Why give it away for free or pay insurance for what you are not even using? Dollars for Junk Cars of Atlanta can pay you cash for your...
someone's gotta keep you in line
he's already bouncing back. Thanks
um who did you have drinks with today and why wasn't I invited??
i am so looking forward to #TheHouseOfDust !! :)
hahaha best fuckin game! Im so happy I can't stand still at work haha
First shot of the day is complete. The oatmeal is safe!
so you mad now?
Chocolates also have minor amounts of caffeine. Each Hershey's Kiss has 1 mg of the stimulant.
Trial in Bay City. Don't expect any Twitter/Facebook action anytime soon.
god speed Atlantis!
My pleasure-you rock! RT : Thanks for the RT Elizabeth!!
my first tweet! should i be excited?
Do you have photos of overwhelmed bike parking? Send them our way so we can win Baltimore some bike corrals!
That's very generous! 15 Music Wristbands! I would like 1 please :)
Leaving for Oklahoma in a couple hours<3 yay! where you at?(:
Dude! That guy screaming as he fell to his death sounded just like a TIE Fighter! This is why I love
Just bought a blender, kale, strawberries, spinach and some other veggies. I'm ready to juice.
I fell asleep on everyone last night :x
Business is a battlefield, it is the responsibility of the sponsoring company to activate effectively and protect themselves
Negative Thinkers focus On "Problems".. Positive thinkers Focus on "Solutions".. So, Be positive At Any Time in Your life.
Sobering reminder- even in AMAZING crowdsourcing projects, 50% is a good rate of return for correct/accurate data.
Me too! Very sad.
We had an amazing time at #templecon zapping people with a violet ray machine! oh and tabling our books.
RIGHT!!!! RT : I'm going with my usual guess of 22. I have to win sometime, right? ;)
not when it is in spanish
#808Pride boys its a big mistake to call a girl pretty u MUST call her
The #StopTooley2012 movement continues at Cascade H.S. Special session cancelled, but Superintendent is meeting with students now.
called both of the NFC games. I'm impressed
gimme that conflict of interest and send my ass home with 23 mil in my pockets
Belle Moore and Lisa Zain, sending you virtual cupcakes and unicorns! Muchas Gracias, Muchachas!
Oh look is here also lol
I'd rather you hate me for everything I am than you ever love me for something I am not.
yeah. Okay. Or you live in the neighborhood next to mine. Either one.
2 ready 2 go home, at diz damn library
...I live FL and stanning with Newt...
RT #DeathTaxesandDirk>!!! when dirk high fived that kid?? bananas!!!!
I'm never going to hear the end of it...but clearly I was right
It takes away in my opinion.
Dan I want a portrait.
Just got the Zelda's tweet. That stuff is goooooooohoooooooood!
solving world peace is next. ;) “: I want in on this hopalicious session.”
I refresh my browser more than I do myself.
they don't know about the youngest of the camp!
yep, that's where I'm at. Columbus at the convention center. I might have to have a second dinner today
Sad is no longer in my emotions cuhz errytime i cry im mad i dnt even kno sad no moe im mainly depressd lol
Hm... I don't think I did! Let me double check...
lol your getting married? :O that weird cuz uhh were already married with 2 kids.. ;)
yup the beans r whole, yay!
Agreed... RT and : Woo hoo! Dragon Tattoo wins for film editing. The title sequence alone deserved it.
Did that just happen?
Um, no. I don't know the answer. That's why my hand isn't raised.
You are quite welcome. Your pieces are always interesting. Thanks for keeping us up-to-date on the newspaper biz.
Plan to go crazy . . that always works on birthdays. Or else, Let's go Get Lost, as the song goes. (;>)
omg i know! twitter's better!
twig 111, thanks for being someone we can trust and exposing sites like techcrunch for what they really are
Fab Design Tip: Hang the center of artwork at your eye level.
My children are starting a band in the bedroom, with Rubbermaid containers, a mini trash can and some pencils...God help me!
I see you're giving twitter another chance!
Man, I hate Now I actually like that "Drank In My Cup" song....-shakes head- lol
A recipe for success. Take 16 teams, put 'em on an 8-lane track and start at 4pm. Also allow each team two entries.
sometimes may be it is the only way to have peace with life!:-)
Not since the beginning of time itself have men ever been interested in personality.
I love my FOLLOWERS ! <3 :)
The strong hand of executive authority, Tammie
The Indians pitching has been horrible today.
LOVE having a job. The weekend is so valuable now! But, honestly, I may love my job as much as the weekend....;)
“: It's pretty messed up to judge someone on something they can't change.”
Thanks for the follow,will you give me a shoutout? :3
I still have 2 boxes of koalas march cookies!
SO TRUE! RT : "the more high-tech our lives become, the more nature we need to achieve natural balance" ~Richard Louv
watching that 70's show In bed wbu
Dear guy riding the motorcycle with no helmet, you don't look cool.
AMAZING. Except when you get married, we're doing a Megaxe in the club with Asuka for your bachelorette.
just my luck, ya sure know how to pick em Ariana. -____-
One of their best songs of all time along with Atomic Punk!
of course it is. Welcome from the dark side
might wanna rethink that one.....
i hate to get in this fight, but isnt it our 8th?
That's awesome!! So glad you found us! Looking forward to delivering more good tunes your way,soon ;) +VP
My dog ripped up my Christmas gift
According to the feedback on my FB status, my cracker-ass family thinks I had bad birthdays and drink a lot of dom perignon
Yes! I have four Kit-Kats left from last night! Er... maybe three. I'm having a chocolate craving.
Lol i love brett
Capo I'm a big fan lets get this paper tonight come to bk n drop on the OHIO ST to Crush DUKE come make like 20 racks easy
and i are at #citywinery for the show. Opening act right now
Sounds fun! Have only been on a horse once.. for a slow ride (while visiting Texas)!! I can't imagine racing! Fun to watch!
obviously O's. Where you guys staying? Will you have a car?
Can you keep singing that to me as my background music while I post some additional stuff?
Sprite > Sierra Mist
#ilookforward to going to the ATL next week for my li cuz graduation!!:-)
Happy Birthday Fiona have a great day.
Caitlin's was just a little bit ago!
I could wear a baseball cap every single day..
Tell us why your Mom is an inspiration in 140 characters and win a HUGE Mother's Day Giveaway gift package. Use #LouCathSports to tag post.
I'm in the auditorium and our fort is laying on the stage.. Broken down.. Hopeless
uhh wanna go to the concert with me in september? :D
Today was full of "dont break the ice," war, chess, and a walk... All with the nephews. Can't complain!!!
Jennings takes flight. 22 unanswered.
Agree. Enough said.
Out and about with mommadukes :)
Does the manifesto have a place within these shifting contours? All the more so given its history from Marx to Marinetti and back.
If it dont stop freaking raining, smh...
Love is like jam. You can't spend it even a little, without having it stick to yourself. ~ Dottie Walters
Yes! The 3 day weekend!!! :D
I think the rest of the world finally caught up to where was 50 years ago.
RT "The name of the LORD is a strong tower; the righteous run to it and are safe." Proverbs 18:10
O*Town.
aw dam failed i cant mix then i was gonna take my serato and laptop
Can I wrap you up and put you in a pretty box? You'll be the perfect present <U+E437><U+E112><U+E106><U+E057>
Thnx4Following! Looking forward to ur event next month. Send me the info. I'm sure my female followers would love to attend.
you're just lazy
Only two months until Christmas! What are you giving your favorite lawyer? Order your set now!
she's got a saggy face lol. Its so funny. I'll give it 10 days lol!
We've been quiet lately while building our new store, but prepare yourself- Ankasa opens at 1202 Madison Ave before Thanksgiving!!!
An Awesome NYC Xperience! And Near Everything in Times Square. We Aim 2 Maximize Your Visit!
Mercy!!! Please
Haha we did, and I will.
Tori and Jade,, how are you trending worldwide..?
She ratchet
pls help me reach 3100 followers
Mahalia, a gospel musical opened Thursday night to cheers and a standing ovation. Some performances are already sold out. ...
thanks for the follow. Love ur smile
It's bigger than my room, plenty of wine storage
REPOST: Y IS FOR YOUNG AMERICAN PRIMITIVE « ACID TED
Actually doing APUSH homework
we just had muffins from shop 'n save here in the office. Oh so yummy!
Contemplating: Waking up earlier, cooking more, and biking more.
Recently purchased Midnight in Paris, Garden State, and Strictly Ballroom...which to watch first??
Seniors are horrible at starting cheers
Oh, hello Monday! We're ready for you!
If you're ever in L.A. and you want to get tatt'd hit me up! :)
i love my dirty music
yea i would love to go to Jersey to think it would b awsome
Watch what you pray for.
Good morning. It is a very nice day. I'll probably sit outside too later. :)
yumm ^_^ I want some!!! come share!
thanks for the follow back! BIG fans of your music, definetly an inspiration.
What you doing?
#IfIHitTheMegaMillion I would help as many people as i can..sharing is caring =)
where you from
thank you :)
Recently read 'On the Island' by and loved it! Definitely recommend it. Made me think about human nature and relationships.
looks amazing, maybe something to try when I'm there in July...
I must be getting to bed soon
You should deff. look on Amazon/Ebay for one. Get an older model because the pictures are bigger. (:
would you?! o_O
after brunch. Text me in the AM
I'm quick to slap a bitch who talk back to me ....she knows better...
Anxiety is a bitch ....
Finally talking about shame and the church in pastoral care. One of the most important lectures...needs a whole semester.
Oh hello laundry! I would love to spend my day with you, how did u know?
I'm so blessed:)
Dat shyt gone hurt like he!!
I just was wondering about it this morning. I think waiting for some of them each year makes them taste a bit better.
WHAT IS HAPPENING
“: Enjoyed lunch w/ Frank Slootman, CEO #ServiceNow (former Data Domain CEO). No BS guy. IPO coming. Symbol NYSE:NOW #know12”
i know i am
Unless I'm mad, Then ill be in your face. Just don't touch mine cause it won't stay being a conversation
I have a big bottle of Godiva chocolate liqueur in my pantry...That's going to happen.
we're in good company!
We’ll “take you the way you are” after the concert. $5 Bacardi bombs $3 Miller and Coors Light bottles. Tonight @ #TheVic!
When people ask me if I'm working hard or hardly working, I like to stab them with a pen and ask if they're hurting hard or hardly hurting.
Same convo: Do a little bit more, rather than just having a sad-ass picture of me and Bunny, you know, shaking hands and getting a bull.
Dont worry black people, come March 1st, white people will stop acting so weirdly oversupportive of you and just be ur friends again.
unless they play for UK right? Then the kids and Cal are both dirty and everything that is wrong with college bball, right?
Hi ini Michelle...follow back ya thx=D
Don't stress! rest and listen to jazz. the sound of a trumpet,sax or piano seem to do it for me. try it!!
LMAO #DYING! RT Only ho niggas click "send error report" instead of "do not send" when shit freezes up on them. Stop snitchin!
seriously? There are no words beyond that!
goin to the docs. fun...
haha that's ok i don't wana hear your singing anyway :P
I believe so. Ok high school team.
i know and it sucks! lol
": Why do I have a Bud Light in my fridge? Oh well...I'm drinking it!" Was probably mine
- great example of how Sharpie aggregated user content to become a hub to showcase users rather than product.
And that's a wrap. Wish more of my cam op days were simple 9-5.
I'm doing a project at school fand it has something to do with you. And you have to wait till the end of the week to find out:)
I'm excited to see A SEPARATION tonight!
Ind. overturned RTW in 1965 MT : There is a reason why no #RTW state has ever returned to compulsory unionization.
Thanks for following People For The American Way Wisconsin!
Start the holiday weekend early at Wet Stone! Lunch starts at 11am...
Coldest day in D.C. in 3 weeks high of only 54.
Grab your peanuts and cracker jacks. Javelins live at Comerica Park on August 19th! Not a joke!
Sometimes a loss is a win, but don't ever think a win is a loss. Be proud of what you've accomplished today.
isn't it Daisy Skullz with a z? That, along with anything from West Bend, is our to priority!
Eight hours of heart-pounding electro beats. Eight superstars. Two world-class venues. One epic event. One Night Only! MAY 4, 2012.
was hilarious tonight at laugh out loud!!!
“: Just got home from Ohio with #sofreeekingtired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>” Ik I'm #sofreeekingtired too! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
still need music for east side story? Got another for you
So excited to devote this lovely Sunday afternoon to finishing my book!
Doesn't work for me on my Macbook Pro either.
I don't mean that as a good thing.... but obviously it will be heavily brought up.
Peace..no grease...just funkked on life...a new lease
Trend AUSTIN IS PERFECT :)
Your welcome!
Yay! We made it! (but you still have an hour to donate if you want to!)
I want to have my way with you
she fell asleep ._.
How do I access the FuelBand API?
person in cafe blasting whitney houston just realized her headphones were not plugged into the correct jack.
ok i will…
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end, may also be only the beginning
Congrats Tegan! We need to grab drinks in the neighborhood soon, want to hear what you're up to!
THANKS for following.
if griff wasn't on my line I probably would still be yelling "IFF" real loud when I want 1 of their attention
Ever since Dave Thomas died, Wendy's commercials have been all over the place. Wendy, your marketing firm causes me to lose my appetite.
The problem with #trlw is that they don't have a reunion show with !
she will be on the last episode of the season ;D
": jay-z always dissing Jesus in his music but yet Christians still listen to him..<AMEN, SAY IT
"I just don't really feel like dating. I have this great life right now." Amen, , amen.
Another #Oomf is so damn dumb. Seein' them tweet pisses me off. Lol
Ni! I need a pic of you in your Oscar gown!
Novel and script rewrite are coming along nicely. Can hear Huckleberry Hound in the background. Yes, I'm a cartoon junkie.
Twain on Clarence Thomas: "The trouble ain't that there is too many fools, but that the lightning ain't distributed right."
Need something to occupy my mind/time. Anyone got tips on getting your brain to just shut up? (Other than alcohol, of course.)
C's should sign Fesenko and get this over with, we need a big asap, what the hell is Danny waiting for!
now this is Texas Football
You'll have a choice for your final project. A guest will explain the first topic tomorrow. The second will be discussed on Tues (Sep 7).
Trying to finish up the daily grind!
Working on something very hot!
Haha good morning and guess who I saw yesterday :P lol ?
Out in chicago. There's no smoking inside, and it's very nice that way.
Hahahaha amen.:P
Dirty dirty hoe givn head and she just 13 years old!!! Anotha amber cole!!!!
there will also be a class called "Digital Humanities," by the way, a methodology class. This other is a genre class.
AND FOR U FAKERS STAY THE HELL AWAY AN IF MY TIMELINE BIITCH# I LOVE ME LIFE:-)
RT : i wish i was one of those people that could work in the hour window in between meetings
Go Big Blue!
that was "strong." sorry
I agree!!! Just finished it & loved it!!!
Doing my taxes yay! Bout time lol
Any singers out there? RT
Questionable my ass. The only question is how many goals we're getting on this PP!
Between the clothing removal and x-ray scanners, I'm starting to think some of the airport security workers are closet perverts.
hahaha. That place is out to kill people
not confident at all...but who knows, maybe they are desperate. I've got McCluster on my fantasy team just in case...
www.ministryofideas.is being launched live at
Seriously. :P Our job is one of no privacy. We don't ask account managers their salary. #Pay #Diet #WorkOut # HangOut
Get Ready Ladies & Gentlemen cause we have A LOT coming for you all!!! Photo Shoot set on Venice Beach, "Rehab" releasing on iTunes June 1
lots of tomatoes are ready! Hot blonde milf this morning!!!
holy... What % have a match?
Bored...Might Go Search For Fanfics Or Something :P
Stickers are still available -- going fast. Please remember to put an address in the e-mail.
just pulling my head out of the sand. Staying busy but not insanely so.
happy holidays and a have a great new year from you'r fan
has officially decided to make today; 'Alcohol Sunday'!
No camera on it.
#ThatMoment when you go through all of 's tweets, YouTube videos, and keeks just to see how much he's really grown!!
Nice day of touring #Seattle with #EMP Museum ROCKS!!!!
She like a house party ..everybody be in that thang..lol! smh!
I'll be rapidly livetweeting the #Lupus chat tomorrow at 2p EST/ 11a PST with awesome Health Activists - join:
Sometimesbi question if you really love me.... Or do u keep me around cause u know ill always be there
Getting reintroduced to old-school Transformers. If the Decepticons are so technologically advanced and they're still stealing our oil ...
omg tell me about it
So I'm all better now, mostly haha. Lord doctors are miracle workers :)
. I mean, they can get away with it since does so much hard-hitting journalism oh no wait...
haha comeon, i gamble for a living. you know im too smart to put a dime on thecubs. i am enjoying the hanleyramirez show tho
I smell like a teenage boy and everything sounds like its on helium.
yeah, the quality of the vid wasn't great, but it created an interesting eavesdropping-on-a-conversation feel. fun vibe.
High five! Thanks for giving us a try :)
They are merciless with that mic this year. Turn those bitches off-- still yapping.
CPU on wheels because so many cats climb behind it
i don't get it. i was hoping 4 a friday with smiles&laughter but all i have rite now is a heart that hurts&red, teary eyes.
sorry some people have things to do other than wait for someone to tweet to them.
I wouldn't say my phone is "jank" but it has a bad battery life. Otherwise I'd be fine.
Compression tights saved my legs on our 36 hours of flying. I have the ones, and they've kept my legs fresh through 80000 miles!
I'm ready to see today in 6th period
Don't forget the Great Food Drive going on.
I'll plan the wedding(: can be the Best man.
When you get a random text and don't know who it is
#bicycling fans #legendaryride” Bike Riding in Silver Lake. To Some Dubstep. It's goin down..
i honestly love to listen more than i like to talk. key to excellent customer service
I hate driving to and from memphis by myself i b scared as hell...
Today's zipper Google Doodle makes me want to invent something now #MyGoogleDoodleWouldBe a sleep-deprived diaper-changing bot
“: against the Knicks..” hawks*
RT : Forgot to ask Father Reese: Could God make a government so big, even he couldn't budget?
Landed the Partnership with Complex. Get the budget up and lets maed some stars NC!
Wow, VERY cool! Could you email a few details of what you're doing & how it fits in your curriculum?
Er the Bellmore!
NEXT FRIDAY MAY 25TH, MY OFFICIAL SINGLE RELEASE PARTY AT KEY CLUB IN HOLLYWOOD, CA!! YOU WILL GET ACCESS TO THE VIP PLUSH LOUNGE!!!!
Right now I'm watching a Slasher film from 1989 called "Intruder". Sam Raimi and brother Ted are in it, as well a cameo from Bruce Campbell
(P.S. He was a really nice guy. RIP.)
you're welcome. grad school is talking about alice munro drunk on box wine.
Virginity is like a soapbubble, one prick and it is gone.
I was going to guess an update for Geocities. Or maybe MySpace?
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
It's completely free to vote, and it takes just a few seconds!
- #boothtag designed to encourage traffic to booths using mobile and barcode technology
lol I was so nervous but it was fun!
AGC to hit on Tuesday.
Very sparse crowd at as 5:00am CT approaches. Let's see how many consecutive mornings I can make this happen.
chilling wit my partna dem we in
easier said than done.
How's life my friends??:)
Joe Corvo doesn't expect to be back with #Bruins. No one's surprised.
#totalchilidogmove getting you into the ultimate team to the point where your playing FIFA until two in the morning
Dude.... it is so amazing in #Seattle right now. Love it!
Yes! I kept missing it at Sundance. Really need to get on that...
Man I just hit a wall... I have had an extremely productive day and REALLY need to do a few more things but I'm taking a break!!
that's wonderful to hear my nephew was from Pittsburgh he had a friend who had a trans and she is doing very well with hers
RT Ridiculous Bush comment. Truly stupid.
How`s the old guy`s knee doing?
like hunter, but hunter hasn't won 14 majors, so I will go with the original version: Tiger 1.0!
Thank you!!!
I don't love God because I have to. I love Him because he simply is irresistible.
If TSA staff need to keep announcing flights to pull people out of line in time, it's a good indicator that you're doing it wrong.
I just found out someone in my family is a free murderer.
Thanks for the follow happy
Lawdy it's ackin up today! RT : I wonder if the dust from tornadoes is giving Sweet Brown bronchitis.
"Hello, you." words to live by.
Remember me and smile, for it's better to forget than to remember me and cry
Hey I heard you were a wild one.<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
did u get any of my texts?
had a great time picking your brain last night at the open house.
Want a #swinger discount vacation $100 per night Caliente Resorts
Yeah....I have to buy some index cards at CVS later anyway. I'll eat something a little later. And yep. <3
The '08-installed bike rack is tucked away somewhere. Situation hasn't improved. The Militant takes the Express Bus now.
yay for Park City! have a blast!
Obese nation desperately seeks "sick" care plans (and scooters). Minority moves to "health" care plans. Where will you be covered?
Step 1 to validity for #occupy SD, stop burning our nations flag. Your protestors not pigs.
So are you hitting outside lands this year, bsue?
Free Nate Dog if u nail in order regardless of team -- the 1st 5 draft pix or the Bears next 1st round draft bust! Missin that NFL..ya heard
11 days, 5 hours until graduation!
If you live in CA or will be visiting, you must go to Venice Beach & people watch. Pls tell me what you saw.
I think academic librarians speak in a different language. A language I do not know.
UK: Scottish government confirms plans for GBP0.50 minimum price The Scottish government has today (May 14) confirmed it intends to set a
You would! Just for that, go Tigers! ;)
okay thanks !
loving all the volume... and the super fun full bangs look awesome!
A little practice golf to brighten the day even more!
Front man of Megadeth says he doubts Obama was born in the USA. Obama says he doubts that anybody remembers Megadeth.
At the food store a woman came in saying she forgot to pay for Litter. It was so nice to see that there are still honest pple in this world!
#amIcoolyet No, i'm not strong enough, not good enough, not brave enough, but the dream is still in my heart, i believe i will change soon!
Stop by tonight and try our newest craft beers!
TGIF! Happy Hour is only 4 hours away!
yes we should, your location is showing you're in WI. You back visiting, work, etc?
he has a wegie
its all good
I have this urge to tie a roadflare to a mop handle and wave it around at people. Maybe if I tell the lady at the desk that I can go home
Everybody HAS To Follow His Shit Funny AF
I would be happy to give some of my curves away for free, too - lol...RT : RT : Stop by tomorrow
I cannot wait for Camp About Face!! :D lovin all my cranio kids! :)
Once we release the final design, you can pre-order the tanks for $15 (special pre-order price) and Writers can pre-order it for $10
I know Reggie I got u ,LOL
: That's a good line for a movie. Now we need a setting. Pacific island somewhere? Resort?
how did it go?
I agree - as a N Mpls mom who almost didn't wake up her 2yo for the May 22nd tornado but am glad I did!
RT: : what a pretty AVI <thank you gorgeous!>
Checkout the revamped sierra's secret
take my earlier example of dental care-Medicare&lots of insurances don't cover a lot of procedures-that doesn't drive down price.
focus completely eludes me today
Put your lips next to mine
Experiencing the bowels of the Senate office building. It's actually pretty cool.
Tonight through Saturday Dave Attell is here! You do not want to miss this show. 888-64-FUNNY for tickets.
Hahaha RT : Lamar Odom must be laughing his ass off right now
Carrot chips yum RT : I love turkey. I think it is a great source of healthier protein.
Len is a Driver hater...not sure why. Consistently a good dancer every week.
the new album is killer!
Clue: Don't use your employee badge photo as your profile photo on LinkedIn. Especially if the photo makes you look like a serial killer.
When your birthday?
IM sorry about 50 but u can always download it somewhere ;)
wow lol it annoys me when people start crap with you :P
I bought "hello nasty" for $17 or something - I thought it way high for a CD, but it was worth it.
Just took that test, I better have passed, was all night studying o.O
Life moves pretty fast for Thanks for Twitter, btw. Never had one lesson ;-)
With a totally creepy heading....
Got a perfect score on my first essay! Now it's time for a nap.
Pecatonica-Argyle swept boys & girls 3,200-meter relay titles. River Ridge's Hillary Tayler won 1st individual title (girls high jump).
Anything you have in mind? Your collection is so much deeper than mine. Let's email directly, I am .
so that is the secret to the power ranger transformation
That's amazing; really excited for you & hope to hear more about it!!! We serve an awesome God!!!! You comin to GCG practice Tues?
Yes! And you have a lovely wife who is dedicated to her family, so I know you know a good mom when you see one. Hug her 4 me.
I've been playing for 1 1/2 years now and other DJs are amazed at my mixing. I just love it and can't get enuf. <3 music!!!
Hate when people say fuck the police, its your friends fault for breaking the law. They are just doing their job. Quit bitching
Pretty sure YUM! Brands owns KFC, Taco Bell and a bunch of fast food places. Still a terrible name for an arena though...
Deep Blue Something! Ah, I haven't heard that song in ages!
Taking healthy dose of coffee and agent-based modeling this morning, w/ sides of fried eggs and sorting + peer effects
Lol. I feel like you're judging me right now. :-/
The best way to finish out the week with a '!' is a #9RoundMinute! We'll have it posted here at noon!!
Have any big reading plans for your Christmas break?? Tell us what you will be divulging into!
you are mine, so if anyone else wants you, tough nutts to them.
I don't know how I ended up watching Belly 2.
don't forget the Asian mix!!
#waystomakeagirlsmile Be there when she wakes up
Don you feel anger at Hamas for using Children as human shields. How long will the Gazans follow terrorists?? Very sad indeed
Discovered the new HBO series #Veep. Hilarious. I'm hooked.
Hi ..... Sending Smiles and Great Vibes of ... relaxation, enjoyment and Peace <-- the emotional stress free kind ..
i'm not from vermont, but i'll be moving there in the fall(:
One plumber; One hour; $300. Dude was studying economics before he decided to be a plumber. He saw there was more money in it. Smart guy.
I win......as usual. Can you make me some mustard chicken for dinner again?
yeah! What was it before??
I think I tweet a lot and oh really I can already tell u r lol 0_o
Sure airplay is good...I just liked & put our FB link on your page. Thanks!
EXACTLY AND WELL SAID!
So funny after CNBC overreacting to $JPM all week now slamming DC for overreacting. Surprise that retail investors have given up??
me neither! #lame-o's
The greatest wisdom I've gleaned from working in a library: Something comes after nothing.
Men if a woman does not have custody of her kids, do your homework. Consider that a big RED flag.
Choosing a party over your girlfriend? Not cool bro.
Durante at #Connections2012: "Need for pollution ins increasing coz RRs doing more, e.g., xferring ethanol."
where you at? ;)
ASIS&T @ Pratt Copy/Right(?) Symposium is underway!
#NowPlaying - "I'll be there" Dear mama, please don’t start to cry You the reason I’m alive how these years have gone by<U+2764>
Sure, Couchie will have to let me go!!!!
Since you're in the hood (we're at WeWorks MPD), let me know if you have time for a coffee afterward. Would love to catch up.
I support this. Have had Katy Perry stuck in my head all morning. Only Van Halen (or Queen) can save this Monday.
Looking forward to my massage in the morning. My back is so sore.
Thank you for supporting FIve Nights in Maine!
I like CRY TUFF, personally.
hilarious weird maybe disturbing lol thanks
read-only means they can't comment, either
there's a nice pair in the gulf of mexico
Thanks 4 following
Interesting questions in tech consumer panel that we've been thinking about: Can bottom-up sales in education replace top-down?
CHER, i adore you so much! I would absolutly LOVE it if you would follow me. It would make my life!! (:
I'm definitely seeing The Gangster Squad. I have absolutely no idea what it's about but Ryan Gosling is in it so therefore I shall see it.
"The only easy day was yesterday". Navy Seals training motto. So true - and important.
I am, are you still in town?
we smoked for like 9 hours straight! It felt like days! Best 420 ever. #count it
I heard some kind of rodent wailing in pain but then it was just Zooey Deschanel singing.
NBA basketball finally
I live in the land of bi-polar weather.
lay-girl terms please?! "actionable analysis" does that mean, SM brings in the eyeballs and doesn't close the deal?
on a scale of 1 to 10 how bad ass are you?
make him do your laundry next.
Agreed. Librarians may have a relevance issue because we're too good at what we do.
We are loving this weather today! Hoping it lasts all weekend, wouldn't you agree?
There's nothing wrong with being shallow as long as you're insightful about it
thanks for the RT! Hope to meet you IRL...
Thank you & let's do it again, soon! RT : thanking for organizing lunch at Rasika West End. cc:
Dude... the Alien retrospective is where it's AT!!
me! x] i love you so much austin!!!
I need to sleep, but I need a tweet ! <3
I am going for Michigan State.
October looks to be an amazing month for new restaurants opening in Chi; #Chicago TableSavvy's top three are as follows..
dont open any links about blogs or photos about you, #hackers are getting passwords through a fake twitter log in. please pass this along!
Glad to hear they enjoyed the show. I hope your recovery is a quick one!
it's looking like most people are doing that. What time are you getting there Thursday?
Thanks for the follow! Enjoy your day!
on the bright side, they should soon be running low on crap acts and may be forced to book someone decent.
why are you deleting it this is why you made this account..
Cannot wait to hear the song on #Believe that Justin said he wrote about his relationship with his fans. I heard it may be one of the best.
thats pretty awesome.
that's extraordinarily wrong, even for you. I would ask why but I'm afraid I might start crying uncontrollably while driving.
Today was such a good day.
Josh Hutcherson Is Our Sexy King
Bangers and Mash Omelet: Irish Style Sausages, Cheddar, Mashed Potatoes, Caramelized Onion, Jameson Cheese Sauce and Seasoned Rye Crumbs
i learn from the best, it needs to become a regular occurence. RT You're so good at clubbing
So excited about seeing and in Sept. I wish it would be sooner!!!
I'm don't get why Pens fans want the Caps to fail? If anything let's root for them to knock the Rangers off and then the Devils.
Tell your running buddies to follow us on Twitter for special discount codes to our race!
yeah, im happy and excited about it, i cant wait to get back on the field and fold some niggas up lol.
next week, dates got pushed back
Fun night with and many others! :)
all in one room!
Nuts if WE ever forget. We never forget nothing. Like a pack of stampeding elephants, always never forgetting in concert.
So I need to find someone to come w/ me to these Spurs/Clippers games this week.
sweet dude.. I'm not sure a bunch did on our trip lol
Let the Matt Flynn/Matt Hasselbeck comparisons begin.
Stop It
To all "I know you're about to switch lanes so I'm going to speed up and cut you off" guys: I hate you and everything you stand for.
You got that right!
I've never heard you sing:/
Wassup and u should already know. hahahaha.
if you dont give a fuck about anything life will be alot easier.
Well, I practically did take off with all this wind. :)
As Americans, we rejoice in the recovery of Gabrielle Giffords. Is there anyone who does not swallow hard when seeing video of her speaking?
can i put your twitter on OUR facebook page? (:
Make Colleges Profs, Not Small Business, Pay For Student Loan Rate Cut - Forbes
ok that settles it then me and are hosting!!!
Hey!! Nope no kids not yet at least! It's hard to start a family in showbiz! Once I'm more established I will fo sho! :)
It was great. It is hard for me to formulate questions about the arguments of multimedia pieces on the spot but wanna chat!
I want my son to be healthy & happy more than I've ever wanted anything in this entire world.
'Syria has more to hide than it has to show,analysts say' -Debra Amos in Beirut
Well being with you is enough for me, I think I can feel you in between my arms already haha ;)
just send #honeybadger over. He'll teach the coon to mind his business.
Rejection hurts like a Joey Chestnut sized stomach ache
thank you for following us!!! We won't dissapoint: promise!!!
Why take life serious, we all die in the end anyways ;)
With the Tebow trade, the Jets are trying to replicate the Mets bullpen by employing shaky righty and lefty arms.
Rainy day = Perfect day, for artwork.
P.S. Whichever one of y'all did the tweet about Wednesday practice/Kim's marriage, serious props
3) decisions are being published on the internet; should email addresses be added to appearance forms?
this umpire calling strikes at the yankee game is hysterical
Don't forget about Art Squared in tomorrow the 17th!!
How does a 3 minute web update become a 45 minute emergency service repair
: Disappointed covering WHCD instead of replaying prepared testimony on "The Future of Manure" to ag subcommittee.” That's Shitty
HA! Priceless timing! I'm literally taking all the M&Ms out of mine right now!“: There weren't enough M&Ms in my trail mix.”
Thanks ! Great tool.
I jinxed it with the Potassium comment
The amount of construction going on on my block is ridiculous, I swear the whole city of Chicago is on my street
Spending the day with close friends, hooray!
reconnecting with old friends from the junior high days.
I'm thankful for the many blessings that have been coming way :)
Larry had better be at the library today. I missed him on Monday! I was heartbroken.
thanks Bori. yes i love technical challenges. calls out my creativity to solve problems. i'm a geek. LOL!!!
Don't send me "good morning" texts. Send me pancakes. Blueberry.
oh wow, that's awful. DM me the account tel # and I'll see to it we get it done for you.
Lunch & Learn is going GREEN- Sign up to learn how to make your business green certified-Nov 16th at Noon, lunch will be from...
Why do people buy cheap tp?
Gott's (Taylor's), St Helena, CA!
Where there is great love there are always miracles. -Willa Cather
Is there no austream today? :(
RT : What will you do today to support your local economy? Support a local independent business.
Hey guys. is my life and I missed him a lot this summer. Even though he lives within walking distance. oh yeah, he's a cool cat.
Town, FBA host holiday lighting - Farragutpress Farragutpress Town, FBA host holiday lighting Farragutpress In spite of the cold, hundred
“: hi~ ohh i guess u r sleeping right now LOL coz it's 3:00 in the morning ~ #TimeZonesSuck !”
Congratulations! What I want to know is when are you and Li'l Jon going to collaborate on a song?
submitted my psych paper! now only 4 econ papers left and a ton of hw before this semester can end!
If anyone knows of a Healthcare provider or Law Firm that is struggling with their IT services, please let us know.
There are nouns...EVERYWHERE!
So long signed 1st editions. MT : What will authors sign when there are no more real #books?... hand out personalized QR codes?
Of course, we have no idea why Seau committed suicide. But, it must be concussions!
#NF ! Your a great artist!
dis jazz bout to be BUMPIN!
Not sure. She's got this short muscular body, brindle color.
RT I think I've got something in my eye again >> me too! could be stuck there ALL NIGHT LONG.
How do you say "cheeky" in Kentucky? Just noticed that the Maker's Mark bottle displays the required government warning in Comic Sans.
no trust me i am cool that is my skill in life when i get a car it will have a minifridge hot tub pool and a workout room yeh son ha
It was great meeting you last night and thanks for the photo & Vegas talk!!! You killed it Big Ups on your track selections
Wow. Sue Simmons. After 32 years. She is a Trailblazer. An integral part of my TV viewing growing up in NY. I wish her the best.
howdy yall. watching flashpoint and loving it! hope yall r having a good day! im getting ready to call it a night...:)
RT : OMG I am LOLing - just read "whatever lifts your luggage" is the new "whatever floats your boat" - what a WORLD this is...
Apart from BR!NK editing -- creative nonfiction, theatre and poetry. Are you a writer outside of CP?
one is #ITV and the other #BBC but let's get the ball rolling!
yes I have seen him play!! Just wait and see when we spank that ass for you.
as odd as it sounds umm i was on time in sync?
RT : It's not babysitting when it's your own kid. RT Having great day baby sitting youngest daughter
Awww and people said they'd never last as a couple!
I'm gonna start watch Gossip Girl since theres nothing better to do.
Not confirming sotomayor isn't about being racist. it's about upholding the constitution. Justice should be color blind. sotomayor is not.
Maybe we can get Justin Bieber to RT it? I hear his Klout score is better than yours or mine.
#WereNotFriendsIf you don't text back but you tweet from your phone..
trust me I would totally come over right now, but I need to work my fat ace out. I haven't done anything in a week
Glenn Close as Albert Nobbs looks way more like Robin Williams as Mork from Ork.
Twitter is the best I love yuh guys!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Only a week left of vacation. Then it's back to school :c
Too* & you're going to.. run it over here. You'd seriously be my best friend.
People who buy coffee mainly at drive-thru windows on their way to work spend as much as 45 hours a year waiting in line.
Need a suggestion? What's the last thing you read that you really enjoyed?
#HappyMothersDay to all the mothers including mines....
So his telescope goes inside your cave
Bob, you are correct sir!
I'm breaking my rule starting now, I'm going to start unfollowing people on twitter I don't care for, so don't yell at me -- I warned you
i just wrote a summary on the alphabet....
I gotta go! bye guys
Going to go see Marvel's The Avengers at 8 :)
CNN is reporting for the 2nd time this year someone has left the Las Vegas Heart Attack Grill on a stretcher.
anytime sir!
Walking groups in Bronx, NY?
These Kyron Horman stories just kill me. As a mom I can not imagine how his parents hang on
Trying out a text from my phone to my LotusLawyers new site...
Time is truth but there is no truth in time
Just learned we get a corporate discount of 15% off at Tiffanys! Now if only I could afford the other 85%...
I just followed because told me to #freecoffeeforayearcampaign (Everyone follow them & say Alex sent you)
Can't get motivated for school reading.. Maybe tomorrow. What I really want is CANDLES.
Help! I've fallen and I can't get up! Just kidding I can't figure out how to upload a twitter profile picture correctly.
I'm looking forward to attending the "Ted" talk next Wednesday.
You are singing and playing at my wedding... Leather chaps is the only appropriate attire
Happy Early Birthdayy!!:) My Birthday is April 24th<3 We have the same birthday month ;) Follow me??
No, I drive around and listen to an iPod! I pick up and deliver stuff!
omg chill
time to relax w theresa, nicole, jared & boy wonder. to our fans, thanks for showing everyone the economy is alive and well. L8r
UM. I'LL CALL U.
Paola and Jeffrey, do you feel that a listener's interpretation can actively enrich your experience of the work?
Interesting. : Surgeons who listen to music during operations perform better than those who don't.”
Had an awesome time last night #webinno event... team rocked!
I believe that Jews and Arabs can live together. It's not an easy thing but I believe we could arrive at an agreement.
A beautiful 54°F today in Albuquerque! We are LOVING Spring!
Sure, I knew that. I also knew that Gwynn's son is older than I am, while Van Slyke's is not.
Nationality doesn't matter, hair color does. And my hair color is that.
I need to book a film role before i die, please help me!!
Night dolls xo
Lil Wayne To Launch I Am Music II Tour In March
Derek better say alive
What's so bleeping hard about social roi?
Foggy night in Indy tonight. Might as well take the trucks out and go mudding to turn the night around.
yes, Friendship chinese.
Hey everyone, welcome to the Funny Facts Finder Twitter page!
Don't be a loser like and - get an avitar.
My nails need filled in, BAD. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Is inspired everyday.
Thanks for following! Here's to abundant mind/body/spirit health and happiness!
I had no idea out was that expensive!
my life is complete
you tell him D!
Laker fan where ya at
Shout out 2 for her work on Rappin Up The Night! BiggE puts up with a lot on that show ~ straight 2 tha dome
Looks like it will rain all day (or close to it) today. Strongest gusts are this morning: 30-40mph in the valley.
nice to be Twitter friends! :D
Gonna get my ass murked in this track meet lmao
lol, I was thinking of you when I was listening to it! Still one of my faves! Ace of Base "The Sign" is a close second. X
Dreams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions
Ready for Ms Horsewood class
I've had a beer or two there before, but yes always at predominantly staff/grad student functions.
You've worked quite hard for all that you've got mate. You deserve it, and you got it by making millions happy every day. Cheers!
End of pre-production this Thurs. Then tracking next month! What's up? -zach
Can we end the Orton error I mean era now? With an offense wed be killing the titans
I like this maybach music ~ RT“: Mm-mm-mm-mmaybach music <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>”
A person good to know
My girlfriend bought Linkin Park tickets!!!!!!!! HOLY MUTHAFUCKER!!!!
CONFERENCE CALL (noun): The confused ideas of one person multiplied by the number of people required to listen to the ideas.
Most terrifying, but effective app goes to Hands down.
What's important to you now is gonna effect what you do later in life.
moved again... now back in central Hollywood...
Or the space heater, in my case. RT : Ideal day to stay in snuggled by the fire.
I'm particularly impressed with this semester's students, and the range of interesting papers. I'll be learning a lot.
that's way sweet
Aww, thanks for the RT ! Much appreciated!
THE MOD BOT IS POSTING TO THE TWITTER ACCOUNT
I broke into my ex's house and deleted her Microsoft XP Service Pack 3 from her Add/Remove Programs... take that!
It's hard to dance with the devil on your back, so shake him off.
thinking of you - the maine
and POTUS Slow Jamming the News is more than I can handle!!!
I invented pie... Just kidding.
#NoSchool For Me Friday! :) 3 Day Weekend...Sounds Good To Me!
get off Lebron dick so early in the morning bruh
thanks! totally honored xo
love the preview. Can't wait for it to air. Thank you for taking a risk with this genre.
I'd rather be lied to and be happy, then to know the truth and be crushed.
Knock Knock joke time, you start.
hipsters were fighting before UFC .. Coincidence? No shot.
Get 25% off your next Taxi ride when you call# (919)633-2606....
good morning beautiful
who's with Azmarie?!
To those of you critical of Mitt Romney's record at Bain Capital, remember that blood letting is so positive, it was used in health care.
Thank YOU!
2 best, Alabama already had their shot at home. Let's see what Okie State can do..
We gotta make a decision.. we leave tonight or live and die this way
Fabulous way to start the day, seeing the ultra-talented & oh so attractive Head family at Fusion Coffeehouse in Madison MS!
If you say so. I guess it can stay.
": happy 29th bDay to from !! RT this to make her feel loved!!" Can't be bothered with personal contact.
It brings tears.
We weigh your froyo and you guess. Since it's Weigh-In Wednesday, you'll get yours for #FREE, but only if you can guess the exact weight
Im not looking forward to having a rhinoplasty done its basically plastic surgery but I am NOT getting a nose job to make that clear.
Do u think hippy chicks in their flowery VW Beetles know that a soon as I see them, I find someone to punch?
it's over for lions n yo boi Suh got a 2 game suspension smh
Okay, Umm no se, you always seems busy, when can you?
Fear not #personwithalamephone Android ver coming soon (saw it w/ my own 2 i's); Your phone will be less crappy soon!
I got crazy downloads from EightysWorld2 and I haven't drop the big songs yet! #Damnthatfeelsgood newvideoscomingsoon
wow that's so soon! craziness
An outstanding newspaper adviser is
nickels too.....lmao
can we request them to change the date?? Haha. That concert will be tight though!
Camera Fun Time: shoot the sites & sounds of waking. Blackmail those who are not morning persons. Revel in the innocents innocence aka kids.
A True Iconic Legend has passed... R.I.P. -Whitney Houston. (August 9, 1963—February 11, 2012) {--------------
NIT Championship.
It does sorta feel like we should have a wrap party, but I think we'd all fall asleep after the 1st drink! :D
Thank you! Have a great day!
Think like a man.
We’re happy to be at #ULA2012! Visit us at booth no. 23 to learn how helps job seekers.
Just letting y'all know that 's PLAYING PARKER is super great! (And it hasn't even seen an editor yet! ;D)
He's the one who makes you cry , but five seconds later he's the one who makes you smile :* .
Thanks so much! RT : love the brand
4013 8 do you play sports? - my whole life is sports. IB- Nick <U+E32A>
hey JR do you think H vs Taker is going to happen again?
The 5 goals in (any form of) sentencing are retribution, incapacitation, deterrence, rebhabilitation, and restoration.
God, I need your help? please help me to justin be able to followed me? I don't know what should I do now, which I know I just beg thee God
Crazy lady on court during game has a record w/ stalking #nuggets players & was banned from arena but managed to sneak in tonight
In silver league, one game in 3 at least is a cheese game as new players aren't competent at defending them
okay! im excited to see you guys!!
Dude are you watching this? OMG!
A #GF person must avoid wheat, barley & rye but did u know they need to avoid derivatives/hybrids like emmer, kamut & triticale?
KOBE WOULD PUNCH LEBRONE CLEAN OFF IN HISS SHIT.
IS GOKU YOUR FAVORITE CHARACTER FROM DRAGONBALL Z?
link to the article! I want to read it, but I refuse to search on the swampy labyrinth of the ppg website.
great!the only thing u have to is edit a pic of u sayin anything u would like(:&when u r done with it tweet it to me(:DL feb10th
#1 That is awesome!
I still want my birthday shirt.
2. I was (am still) a fan of Julia but I think it hasnt worked out for a variety of reasons
I love avocado! It's rich in satisfying fats that can lower cholesterol. 1 has more than half the fiber and 40% of the folate you need daily
I can't even complain about my stomach hurting......
HAPPY HALLOWEEN GHOUL!
Whole heartedly agree, compared to the schools I've eaten at! Good on
where the yankees nationals game?
With the fearful strain that is on me night and day, if I did not laugh I should die.
: Two kinds of ppl in the world. Those that leave toothbrushes out in the open and those that don't....is it covered?
Thanks for following! Have a good day!
GTT's Nashville based Roger Woodruff shooting for Nascar today in Charlotte
Campbell Soup 1st-quarter net income falls Campbell Soup Co. said Tuesday that its first quarter net income fell 5 percent as the company
Following a decade of steady declines, a new national study released today indicates that teen drug and alcohol use is headed up
Watching #AnAmericanTail --- never ceases to make me cry. #imissmybruddah :(
Thanks. Is there a prize? Cat toys?
“: FOLLOWING~ PHILLY!! SWEET!!” Thanks
Recently we adopted 2 Shih-tzu dogs & both are around a year old. Fur matted, wormy, boney... & the list goes on... Continued next tweet
SAM AND QUINN. i already ship it
Wilco's Yankee Hotel Foxtrot is 10 years old. Crazy.
Having a great night!!!!
ugh i know
I didn't know mattresses cost so much.
15? oh my gosh, your getting old(: lol jk, but seriously I can't believe it! what do you want for your birthday?
proofreading my transcription of a fifteenth-century Middle English manuscript. Hoping to wrap up this edition by the summer.
I deleted all my numbers,,, need new ones,,,
So many shootings in #Louisville the past few days... No bueno
Let's just say that the Ewoks' Yub Yub song holds a special place for us, and leave it at that...
Never thought NFL pre game show could make me cry.Steve Gleason with ALS
The Hulk footprints on the floor are the best lol!
oh! I haven't been to southpark in YERZZZ. why are we still taging doodz in this? lololo
i told taylor i was coming to the pueb soon and she spat in my face. I didnt think i was welcome there anymore
can i book vinny for my wedding.. oh wait he'll already be there in a tux ;) STANDGRAND
you can only be over looked for so long "THEN IT'S TIME TO SHIT" watch me
Wow. I'm really babysitting kids right now. I'm good at this.
you should feel privileged that I dedicated 2 tweets to you :/
Seeing the fans at these radio stations is amazing. I appreciate u. Thank u!! I feed off your energy. U got me smiling
Reagan appointee showing disrespect to the Pres!
Aint shit my nig. Where da party at? We need to link up
How will IT depts will deal w/ explosion of new devices trad publishers need 4 testing? Ours looked stricken when I mentioned it.
#TheyNeedToBringBack The Old Disney Shows !
Will someone for the love of God please help Ty Lawson. He is the only one playing
Going to radio station to start learning the ropes. I'm going to start volunteering for them!
is your name twitter cause baby i wanna be on you all night long ;) lol :)
Don't hold your breath.
Kicking off ArtsDay with a packed house of creative community leaders.
A very Merry Christmas to ALL & a Happy New Year
#lifewaseasybefore you came along and messed it up.
this is what I look forward to all day long
Dear society, it's a bad idea to put jellybeans in a sleepy Shaina's coffee. Makes me sad. :(
going thru some sessions...wow i forgot about some of these joints!
Hey I'm shufflin with
“: #Cancer Friendship Style: You're able to create a family feeling among your friends.”
It's a beautiful morning in the DMV.....make it count
Worst bug bites ever! :-(
wow thats a boring person :-\
Thats a really solid trade for the Ravens wouldn't you say? Evans could really open up other receivers for Flacco too.
Endure, Overcome, Dominate,
Hey Mom! Hope you enjoy the show!! RT : Hey there mom!
All packed up & ready for tomorrow's Flea Market @ Eastern Market. Sending positive thoughts to the gods of no wind.
sing it! doesn't help that my cats try to get involved in the smudging as well
Going on a walk with my bestfriend on this beautiful day :-)
What is the fascination with having a British Man yelling at people on TV? Just saw ad for a new TV show...
How is the new restaurant?
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Why did you dye your hair? -.-
Roundtable today: JW August on party defections, Alison St. John on rent control in Oceanside, Katie Orr on hotel tax
2 minutes left in the first half -- Bombers up 56-25 over B-team.
www.allsportsshopping.com. Best deals on the internet for Sports Apparel. Visit us.
Told to me by my dentist: "You have the teeth of a dental hygienist."
#FemaleSexComplaints YOU sleep in the wet spot!
do it
Today was actually the best day of the week so far! :)
Off to the city for an interview with a modeling agency, then a go see for some print work! ;-)
#SheenRoast is WINNING
looking good! hopefully we be moving by the 16th! pray. pray. pray. =)
“: God requires us to love people even when we don’t like them. –Joyce”
Hugging u back. I think all of this hugging is making something very happy being near you... >:)
... I love you too. Now, will you PLEASE show me your genitals?
You don't want me! I'm full of scotch, and bitterness, and impure thoughts!- We Bought A Zoo
limo prices would be higher due to gas
Oh, , I'm with you in spirit and also sitting in this horrible mess! Stay sane.
I could probably jimmy a purple hued Mace Windu sabre if you REALLY needed it.
just bougght every song of 's songs on itunes. <3 gosh, i can listen to this guy al day.
Dang my passat is lookin super sexy....
followed for you! =) <3
Hoped for 3 or more recalls, but 2 better than none. So glad for Jen Shilling!
Think of all of the law students patents are saving from poverty! At $210K for a JD, they need the help.
:) how are you Meg?
Ultimate Super Bowl Parties! 2 Locations!—$35 Online— All You Can Eat/Drink at The Soiled Dove Underground or Tavern Downtown/Cowboy...
how did it turn out?
CHECK OUT OUR MYSPACE OR FACEBOOK FOR TOUR DATES!!! MORE TO COME SOON!!!!!
You smell like craigslist
And what a movie star voice you have!
check out the website events section!
I don't understand how Tea Party folks have the energy or time to be angry so much. Lighten up and be grateful for what you have.
hey yella girl !!
You were the best at smoking crack and eating McDonalds
"He was probably the most successful homeless person in that area" - guy in class
HELL NAW": So u like fat chicks now? RT : Not all skinny girls are cute,And not all big girls are ugly..."
I'm a newbie so I can't wait :)
Happy Birthday miss ! Hope you have a fabulous day :)
New, sticter discipline coming to St. Paul public schools. No room for horseplay. How it's being implemented on KSTP-TV at 5pm.
of course, wanna battle?
Thanks for following! Now we just need to get you down here for a tour of the place! Give us a call if you're in the area!
Save me a seat in Sugar Land! :)
Took my first improv class tonight and loved it! Amazingly fun!
The #CouncilDistrictsMaps option 3 was chosen by majority with 5 votes. I voted for Map 3 based on feedback from citizens.
There is NO WAY that Bert and Ernie are gay. They haven't changed their outfits in 25 years.
"Never Without You" Fan Comments: Ohh my god!! This song can make a grown man cry!
hi how r u
if u can make Baltimore on ur way I can make u a killer bowl of crab soup! Definitely no "junk food"
": - You Rock! Had a great day! Thanks so much for your help!" - anytime!! Great cause.
Even when Morel gets a hit, something goes wrong.
You were such a good sport on Loved the
when #LiLoAlert trends and everyone's like "i thought this was about liam and louis.." *le example of what i did* (:
There's something about a lawn mower or #tractor that spices up a period drama!! #DowntonPBS Ep 2.1 + #MadMen Ep. 3.6
it's okay. just don't do tell me next time.
Something in my hotel room sounds like Darth Vader.
Student Quote: "When we have chess class, I dream about chess. I'm always the best piece & I win. I love chess even asleep." -Jermaic, 8
The Likes On Boyfriend Are Geting Higher Everytime I Refresh :D ! Your Song Is Amazing I Heard It Over 50 Times Already ^-^
would u consider coming back 2 Chicago sometime?
And back then we called it State Road 7.
Preparing my business plan to dominate the healthcare market for SaaS email management with Mimecast!
One often meets their destiny on the path they take to avoid it
Don't be stupid be smart out here
I feel like I'm getting old every time I catch myself doing the shoulder shimmy to a Roxy Music song.
Oh my. MT : Engagement with Facebook posts made with 3rd party APIs, like Hootsuite, is 80% lower than posts made directly on FB.
sure seems so
Guterman: When offered home visiting services early, most families, incl high-risk, are motivated to participate.
Worry not, young Jamie. We chilled a freshly dry-hopped batch of T20 yesterday. ;)
did you really because i didn't get it
Playin at the Indigo West End tonight at 8:30! Come on out!
Haha. Well, you can't legislate against stupidity. Mostly because it would not be in the best interest of the legislators.
That was the predicament VDN faced yesterday, he sat Blake for much of the 4th
shawty u fine
I don't know why I eat the same grass I piss on.
talked 'em out of it like I was back on the scooter in the middle of Mexico. Minus the $20 & bad spanish.
VA for the weekend.
#ff to my twin and best friend and her page show some support!!
Sometimes you have to make a mess to clean a mess.
Yay! Welcome, Amanda! RT : Marketing brainpower added today! Glad that has officially joined !
miss you too, feel better soon bby<3
We found 53K replies with guesses! Let us know if you want to see. They're sorted numerically, so should be easy to pick.
love love artichokes espeically when they are baked enjoy!
I know right? I haven't been on in forever :/ I'm so sorry.
What would happen to us if we threw a baseball 90mph at someone we didn't like. I hate this part of baseball.
Thanks a lot for the mention!
Thought is your only currency!
I was so happy to be back in #Tucson after #NICAR. But this wind could drive me away.
you got that right brother
let's face it, this panel's gonna rule. And not just cause y'all are so goodlooking
600th tweet! is a cutie (; she can be kind of wierd at times but i still love her! <3
Morning traffic. Phenom.
TLO is best database for Private Investigators. Located unknown assets for the client.
Why does have to take everything good and attempt to make me hate it
i went to the orthadontist today and they told me i haft to have braces for 24 months
I try. Lol
Hi Shanon, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
@ my fav chill spot: #panerabread enjoying my first latte chai tea...
green peppers are harvested earlier - all are green before fully ripening (on vine) to red or yellow or what have you
#team my insecurities could eat me alive!
"I wish this book could go on forever." -- me talking to about Where She Went
How long does the charge last?
thank you!
Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
man! I wish I knew that before buying 15 quickpicks....
"I'm the player to be named later." -- Bull Durham
Come live in my heart and pay no rent
My dumb account wont let me log on, so I made a new one. ugh.
Got a problem? Solve it. Think I'm trippin? Tie my shoes. Can stand me? Sit back down. Can't face me? Turn the fuck around!
Only cause its my cousin bday and im showing love!
hahaha did I really make you laugh??:o:P
Me!(: I'm guess you don't either?.
Nobody likes you when your 23
Having a healthy relatiionship, fullfilling career, an exercise routine, & spiritual practice is more important than a
Brilliant! Image of The Breakfast Club pops up at #g2e Keynote. We miss you John Hughes
Never give up if you think you can fight for it. It may be difficult to 'wait', But it's more difficult to regret.
Thanks for the kind reply the other night. God bless you as well!
Got lost in Miami and turned into the airport instead. See, this is why you shouldn't let me travel alone!
damn tough break. Stage AE is a pretty great venue. whered you stay at?
I thought you meant for action item!!
Oh that sucks ;_; why did they broke? :x
Need lunch and have no idea where to go. Nothing sounds appetizing.
are you watching tonight's finale of the #bachelor what are your thoughts?
RT: : U of M wins the 2011 Diversity & Inclusion award ! Congrats!
This is the reason why I'm so tired in the day time
semi prepared for this god damn chemistry test. Damn you mrs child
: Technically, it's his third. There was an awful Ali G movie that predates BORAT.
Listen katy perry now.... hahaha
I am getting dolls up for my shows tomm with #Entrrtainment new hairdo. Stay locked for new pics on Facebook
At barones getting ready to sing soon and having fun with friends. Happy cinco de mayo!!
It's annoying haha
I call it: BLACK GOLD!
Needs to get some good breakfast Right Now
got four baseball games this weened on top of working overnights all weekend.... Send some product to the south shore!
- word of the day is Booyah!
you know I do and as a matter of fact Sekou said he saw her like a yr or 2 ago downtown
Just posted about that OFF!/Refused tour at FB actually, Steve. And glad you're spinning Chuck, too. :-)
Listening to #SlackerRadio adult alternative. Does that mean I'm old?
Got your Examiner email, thx. How do I get my articles promoted on ?
#DailyQuote: "I am I because my little dog knows me." - Gertrude Stein
We've got a new Banana Pudding Milkshake available today! Hope to see you try one soon since you like the peppermint chip one!
Tags: CA, Nexon America, Nexon America Inc, North American
Great Monday. When I was not drinking out of a fire hose I was being beaten over the head with the FY 2013 federal budget. I
Attention bloggers / media ... contact us if you'd like to cover design conference May 1-2
Be the best, wherever you are.
Thank you for the update and good news. There's no place like home!
Was it Queens Centre Mall?
I have way too many Christmas decorations for my tiny apartment. Either need a bigger apartment or need less "stuff."
RT:Dear Christina: Your whole appearance is derogatory towards women.Love, The World.
if we get farmar on our team he will be the first nuggets player i will ever hate while still on the team. cant stand him
stupid so it got canceled. And I'm sure you've heard of the office. There's 7 seasons you can stream. (same w/ the other show)
But it's Christmas! RT : Lmao. He actually did decapitate Baron Blood. But he was a vampire, so it's okay. :)
haha I see. I am turning into a black man, starting to like rap again
The cute girl at the library finally looked over at me but when I was looking DOWN with my FAT LOOKING-DOWN INDUCED DOUBLE CHIN
Anyone know why you can't buy Beatles songs/albums on iTunes?
only bestfriend crys because her car was sold... then 5 minutes later crys because its not sold.... all over a car
I thought he was gonna pull out a men's health any minute
Thanks for the follow you such an amazing actor!
Brooks Conrad seems pretty A to me....
Talk stupid get ya head popped
One day I will speak Spanish and not have to manually translate your tweets. Thanks for the music suggestion!
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea... does that mean that one enjoys it?
OMG which 1 ???
you should ask tips shes gonna use to stay beautiful being out in the sun so much for warped!
I'd look into a phone & data plan you can tether the iPad too
Ancient inks got someof the chillest people. definitely coming back to Austin after i move just to get tattooed there
Happy trails, Matt Mantsch.
Thank you!
Hey everyone. Welcome to our Twitter page. Look forward to a great season!
Omg, everyone always remembers my name but I don't ever remember theres.
"Dude, no more watching Game of Thrones right before bedtime. I had some WEIRD dreams last night" Yeah, seriously! me 2!!
Queens College Community. Don't miss your change to register to vote today from 11am to 3pm at Powdermaker Hall.
Thanks a bunch! Worked out great!
Citizen Science is at an advanced state in Astronomy... almost at the point of coming into conflict with pros
Haha RT : My favorite food is my girlfriend's vagina.
lol yeah it's almost noon here xD goodmorning to you too (:
hehe it's only online I believe!
Thank for the RT! Looking forward to next Saturday! Craftstravaganza is such a fun show. :)
Gonna watch 'Your Highness'. Has anyone seen it? Is it good?
Time to drink a 5th of mayonnaise in honor of the Mexican holiday of sandwich condiments
Jimmy absolutely killed me today. To quote Barkely, "he was Tuuurrrrbbblleee"!!!
them miami hurricanes just came out...
I just conducted a survey. 98.7% of the people agreed with me. kthanks, byee
Got a chance to see #Battleship before it officially hit theaters. It was awesome!! I dug it way more than
oh hell no. Lol
User Interface cleanup, then a beta build? The progress continues!
The big #Timeline switch will go down tomorrow for all brand pages! Are you ready?
Just donated blood for my first time at the blood drive!
harry is beautiful.
thanks to you too! :)
Some people tell truths. Just not politicians. :-)
Follow me ppwease =]
Wow, Joe Paterno died.
Why can't a bike stand on its own? Because it is two-tired.
students try harder when they know other students will view it.
Torture is when you have fresh doughnuts and kolaches in your car while driving to a meeting.
Thx for the rts - much appreciated :-)
loved you since the beginning. (= so happy you're happy(: you're a star. Don't forget(=
There's no religion that could save me.
RT : "Siri, cancel my massage appointment." - Tom Cruise
If you really want to own a single pixel, there is always the option of getting together w/ your friends/family & buying a 10x10 block!
not this time... raspberry and dark chocolate chip.
follow me? I followed u
Merry Christmas!!
If yer making a tour stop in Kentucky (or Cincinnati), let me know. I'm starting up a new site that focuses on KY & can help on the ground.
i hate when ppl tell me shit about myself that i dont lke to here
didn't know Jim Joyce is also a NCAA ref
who the hell knows where I put all the audio cables at home?
Nice win for the #Isles. But how bad are things going to get for the #Leafs?
Morning run :)
how'd it go??
Chargers D about to ruin the progress the offense has made.
i love it <3
Morning! Going to the shied !
numbers on shoulders.
See you boys at the yard tonight. Time for us fans to do our part in this season!
what do you do for work?
Bitch, remember when I asked for your opinion? Yeah, me either. So STFU!!!
My #glee theory: Back in Season 1, Kurt was knocked unconscious. Everything since then has been one big, fabulous dream.
thanks so much for the kind words. Be well
Winning would be a #GameChanger - like the RT : LOL hopefully my millions will not corrupt my slummy soul.
What devin told me a couple mins. Ago >>>>>
Finna go chill smoke some with the bessf :-)
Just watching a recording of a product demo I did... so many 'umms'
Really considering it!
Thursday's Acme SPECIAL is Buy 1 Sausage, get the 2nd 1/2 off! We will fill you up! Cleveland Ave., north of Morse
I know I saw 750K followers, Jimmy. It could be a different account?
The Super Moon? :-) Dude, I stopped watching before it turned ORANGE! I just noticed it was super shiny. Excited about grad?
Final Cut codecs are super annoying. After hours of tests... I finally figured it out! New video will be uploaded shortly!
Happy New Year!! Hope 2012 is the year for everyone!!
We'll put that one in the "win" column.
Learning how breathe
holy sshit!!!! the mouse on the screen scared the fuck out of me!
At Special Needs Legislation Breakfast in LA with NAJ,Honorable Mark Ridley Thomas (LA County Supervisor) Vana Thiero
Somebody should call me doee
Waking up with , heading to to do some shopping for a party in LincolnPark. City of neighborhoods!
Mandatory budget meetings are no bueno
It's Tuesday at VIA - and that means no upcharge on any #GlutenFree menu item! Stop in and try #GF pizza!. 2-4-1 New Grist beer.
shot sounds good. Got sum Corralejo Reposado!
You can't think outside the box unless you carefully draw said box.
damn that pic is fuckn hot
Game over.
I thought my bf got out at 9 :( I feel stupid now..this kinda makes me miss him more knowing he gets out Ina hour </3
thanks for the RT :)
You're telling me that you didn't have to look up anyone else that was drafted today? I think that's just not very realistic
(cont.) MONEY by Henry Hills, and B/SIDE by Abigail Child! Join us & Occupy Cinema!
So what's the deal with the new line of Skullcandy headphones? Are they actually high quality? ().
I threw suicides on the private jet, you know what means? Im fly to death
thinks finding common ground is pandering. Tommy Digger Gugger admits it is a ploy but an effective tool in selling.
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com#######
#BeloitTeamBullying I'm filing a grievance & think should do the same
Nothing is better than spending time with family!
payday is in approximately an hour #icansmellit :)
Yes, I will. Let's keep in touch! ;)
Salt trucks are out. Lots of wrecks. Bluegrass parkway is shut down! Be careful!
NO KIDS IN THE GREEN ROOM!!!!!!! RT : what are your thoughts so far on the draft? TWEET ME BACK!!!
is in total need of
Well isn't this weekend fucking wonderful?
griffins irish pub
Paired w. black & white or navy & white + red lip! RT We are loving neon jewelry this summer! How would U style it?
iPods are slippery.
Welcome! Thanks for following! EROCK
"Hey, Mommy! One of the judges is a heat seeker!"
www.bellafitnessgroup.com! Check out the new site...
But L.A. LOVES You!
Rose Bowl, Rose Bowl, Rose Bowl!
Debate blue!
thank god this isn't happening a year ago...we'd be seeing tweets from Fraud's wife about how much she loves "Sid".....
thx for RT as well as DM abt repeated section in post. Curious if other #twitterstorians have tried Ngram
Thx to the Apple guy who helped me switch to my new iPhone for sending me off w/ a "Bye Bye Blackberry." Bet he loves to say that.
Dark shadows was so good!
Cant do nothing with this damn room
So true! RT "When the grass looks greener on the other side of the fence, it may be that they take better care of it there." - Cecil Selig"
Spending time with my mamaw today :)
Bitch I have A.D.D I been done forgot my 12! Lol
Is time simply a construct our minds create to make sense of the universe?
Just thought I'd hit you with a follow & some love!
Co-signed!!
Love it! Know where you're going for craft beer in #Baltimore or need any suggestions?
THE FEELING OF BEING DONE WITH AP EXAMS IS FREAKING FANTASTIC
English: Basic 1 Irregular Verbs Bespeak Bestrew Pictures Examples.mpg
I AM HI
beautiful baby, you should be proud, Congrats!
Courageous was really good.
Night , bet you drooled buckets over Angelina on Salt tonight!
It cost about $800 to get my LLC, BlueFuzz . I did it through legal zoom which my IP lawyer endorsed. :
#FromThisDayForward I dont care what people think about me.
singingg in my room with the windows open and some woman walking by my house heard me i guess and screamed i had a great voice! ... awks
Welcome back!
TNT totally ripped me off. I filmed the exact same thing with a bunch of the Jesuits last week.
great event with Bob. Look forward to the next one my friend!
Does anyone else find it strange that there are huge fish tank displays at sushi bars?
you be my honeysuckle, i'll be your honeybee<3
Tee bow ballin but Cam Newton Amazing!
I'm sure bo and 'the administration' will find a way to infer that there's something wrong w/ the kid and its not their fault
Email me at I will ask any questions you have
my pleasure. We've go snow in the mountains and Baker can be done if you're willing to work for it.
#LoveMeLoveMyKapler #IBetCarahIsGoingToMarryAJersey Could do this all night except those are the only hashtags I could think of.
“ When You STILL Have a Crush on The One Your In Love with >>>>>…”
hmm, mine has it on it. I'll check answer with powers that be, might have to do with when u registered.
Chipper Jones: Scratched with Knee Swelling
Guys could u give me a shout out to people to follow me if you do all give u one!! Plzzzz prettyy plz!
I just won $20
No heavy carbs today...worked 2 hard this morn in spin 2 put these calories back into body
Graduation Speech: "I'd like to thank Google,Wikipedia, and Copy & Paste"
Just had my brain waves measured with a neurofeedback system. I have a very active right parietal lobe! Otherwise, it seems I'm normal.
Mixed signals<
This video will be so fuckin live man.
Does anyone else miss when horror movies were written by someone other than a special effects artist?
just cut me off from #Army grade caffeine gum... Apparently it makes me talk too much
RT if you follow somebody annoying
#hth2012 Frank asks god question about why slow adoption of #opendata. Institutions and users need education on how to leverage new options
HEY TRY TO GET ME 300 FOLLOWER PWEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Mother, that man took my soul away. Father, how could you ever treat me this way. Brother...
<U+79C1><U+306F><U+30B8><U+30E3><U+30B9><U+30C6><U+30A3><U+30F3><U+30D3><U+30FC><U+30D0><U+30FC><U+3092><U+611B><U+3057><U+3066> <---- thats i love justin bieber in japanese (: lmao
Being single sucks after awhile. i miss the i love you more texts, && the kissing. i hate being lonely :(
Synth took the lead early, Tata fighting hard and breaking through the pack but not before Synth had her scoring run; 4-0 Rotties
live shots in front of post offices with the seasoned news reporter. Favorite time of year.
Everything you put into your mind matters, so stay conscious
Who's that? A black guyy, :)
Right now. Over Washington DC. Best rainbow ever. So amazing that I'm sure it will cause traffic.
Presentation Coaching: Get on conferencing service 5 mins early - which means start 10 mins early - because if it can break it will.
Demand for permanent and temp-to-perm hiring rose in the Boston, Richmond, Atlanta, and Chicago districts.
btw how bout the grizzlies tonight?
I be that pretty muthafucka !
we will. We lost a close game. & while we are at it we'll mention how Flacco had a 95.4 passer rating & Brady's was 57.5.
agreed, but I try not to pass judgement, one of my sons good friends if from Barca. He calls playing football "Barca"
TWEETS ARE FAB
"O My Gosh i Luv Your Shirt"
kick off the weekend here!! 43.00 sam adams pints all weekend!! suns vs lakers 730pm crown kings rock the house @ 930 pm
Are you having a good time? We're happy you came in to see us tonight!
"Fuck the police." oh please tell me how you'd say that if you got pulled over.
"Observing is being and not being. Or being in another way."
<--- Slave to the pussy, Im just playing the field nigga
If I Could Have Two Wishes,The First One would Be To Meet Jb In My Doorway, And The Second Would Be A Famous Singer Actor And Dancer
You know what? I'm gonna say it. Keanu Reeves is a boss and we should stop giving him a hard time. I mean, he is "The One"
Happiness is not a destination. It is found along the way in simple pleasures and in acts of kindness and love.
seriously i miss you too!! can we hang out soon?!
:) Thanks for the #FF. You have a great weekend as well!
Please welcome R_nR to the Max life
Not in any serious way, but want to learn more. Fave-ing mostly to remember to look back and learn about the hosted version.
SFTA Event Tonight! 5:00 - 8:30PM Fort Lauderdale Marriott North 6650 N Andrews Ave. Registration available at the door - see you there!
just own it
Last night at this time, I was praying to get tickets to meet my baby.
Watching "Broke Girls" cause the reviewer compared it to Laverne&Shirley- it will never be that. BAD...HORRIBLE
Lesbians are just so cute. No one objects to seeing two cute girls make out.
are you running a tab there lol
Sometimes you see a woman wearing heels so high and inappropriate 4 early morning commute it makes you feel like you're about 2 fall down.
Making cupcakes for my beautiful friend :D
Guys with gauges >
Good-ass mix
.... Chad u know Ravens & Bengals very well, who wins tomorrow? God Bless U in '12 ....
The Isleta Hotel is gorgeous. Quite happy. Happy new year's!!
Some scolding hot tea with lots of sugar. Good bye pneumonia, hello diabetes.
Moms always trying to ruin everything.
Girl bye!! And I am working. I'm about to scoop you up baby.
and I am TOTALLY AUDITING THE CLASS
um Mr. Suedecrush when was the last time you put a shot on dribble, Nothing in the 2012 sir.
Becca!! :) long time no talk!
Bad day. Hopefully good night
me me i want
Sure. What happened in NC is a setback against civil rights but 100 years from now we'll laugh and recall how stupid and bigoted people were
Set your boundaries. Take a stand for what does not work for you. Speak where you are afraid to speak.
Cant be Paul or KG tho smh
Miss you
This English Setter is getting ready for her photo shoot
Thanks for the shoutout! :D
The Boy Kicked Some Real Shit 2 Me. Just Gotta
I'm bout to graduate in May and I'm more confused about what I want to do with my life than before I went into college
I took a nap and I feel so good.. Just what I needed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
it's true though. i made 40 bucks out of it.
Love your blog. Good Stuff!
BREAKING NEWS!! Brandon Roy is retiring due to medical conditions.
looking forward to it!
and shout out to she has a nice "ASS-SET" HAHAAA
Thanks! We'll finally have our first episode up pretty soon...we shoot this weekend. Whoot!
Woke up this morning without a voice....singing, no howling to much and
you're so weird. Let's hang out soon. Concert this Saturday? :) I'll drive.
My room is still squalid.
nm just senior year
I hate rollover adds on film sites. HATE them.
Happy birthday (: have a great one!! Enjoy it have a blast!
Just because one person doesn’t love you don’t mean you should forget about everyone else that does
Lol, deez niggaz is down wit wateva is supposed to be the "in thing"
maybe you should watch something else :)
Why is our administration spending so much time in Columbia? I SMELL TUNA!!!!!
So does today mean I can watch more porn than usual??
I think he has terets or some.. chill brahh , lol :)
hoodies + skittles + black = "gangsta"? MT Its common sense-look like a gangsta&some armed schmuck will take you at your word
I want a free tshirt cause every night with my friends was a would or would not night:) #NBHNC was what got me hooked on it!
pass pass
This is seriously the best movie ever
Lies.RT I'm the INNOCENT ONE.
what people try and use to tear you down..God will turn it around to build you up.~Livi Stith~
Done for u! :) RT: Can 1 more FOLLOW for me? ;)
Best Friends Listen to what you don't say <3
Thanks and will let you know.
I hope Brendona wants to go? :(
samsung galaxy 2 / or wait for the 3 soon !! If sprint carries it.
RT : Helping people help themselves and each other. We’re proud to help keep the #CommunityAction Promise
Watching The Social Network on Starz. You know, the film where Rooney Mara looked all cute, clean and wholesome.
"Women do not have an equal say at the policy table in Maine yet". Legislative Leader Emily Cain at USM today
A special #woofwednesday to they have the coolest eco-friendly dog bowls, check em out!
"Artists don't care about credit. We care about change." -- Seth Godin, as quoted by Peter Witte at the Middle of the Map Fest.
I'm a weirdo watching
getting ready for work today....and then two days off to enjoy the gorgeous weather!!!
I need to start a team
I enjoy writing. I like writing. But writing a cover letter is incredibly, horribly painful.
that dude!!!!
#21CRadio Q5 Are there any music-related apps you use that provide services you couldn't get elsewhere?
Bronson: Took Ambien that night because "I wanted a good night's sleep. I didn't want to wake up." 2 nights prior had been restless.
#crowdfunding vote postponed again! More time to call your Senators and say vote YES to the
Can't we all just get along over a plate of twinkies? :)
I'm surprised ESPN isn't touching it yet. Do you think b/c they are slow or because it's a touchy subject?
still taking them but their okay haha
He's 30!! Why does he look 20 and so beautiful XD
Microsoft Word frustrates me in a way I'll never be able to explain and google docs doesn't do what I'm looking for. *tear
Oh Tebow help us RT why hate the thunder?
Thank you everybody who donated over the weekend. On Wednesday look on City Hearts facebook for the winner of Lunch with
I know I'm excited about it!!! I pre-ordered it a couple of nights ago!!!!!!
Free cars at Bill Doraty Kia if the Browns shut out the Steelers on New Years Day. Las Vegas odds 5,000:1 Struck by lightning 10,000:1
Landed #Navy Yard. Today we're parked on New jersey right in front of Capital One.
Just had an enlightening meditation session.
I bet it was quite a site. I wish I could've been there but I have you to thank for the photo.
Great tasting at Sag Harbor Liquor Store today from 4-7 p.m., the perfect way to end the work week. Hope to see you there!
We're here for you when you need us. That's how hosting should be. Glad we can deliver.
RIP #DickClark. You are legend and will be missed.
I'm no expert but it would seem taking out your top assist guy and your best scorer doesn't give you your best chance to...you know...score.
I wish!!!!!!!! But we need to go to at least one game without the carrier lmao.
so u got a lousy box too? I saw some really good ones but obviously...NOT what I actually received.
ur a sweetie pie arnt ya?
I like to see the girls im vagina twins with Haha
here we go
Answer your phone!
icantgoadaywithout cherry chapstick, my music, my cell phone, my mom, my dad, and my love.QoQWs
The ride
omg I'm sorry I kno this is a serious matter but u got my sister going crazy cuz u wrote her back lmbo too funny
Had a great day with Mother .... She wont get outta my room .....
I can't even comprehend that.
My other car is the 4 train.
trying to! And do the same, papo :-)
coltrane and stats. i'm still a social research dork.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves. ~Edmund Hillary
Hitting at Lilly's with tonight 9:30pm! awwyeah.
At this time services have been restored for the majority of customers. Sites on ecbiz97 may still be experiencing intermittent connectivity
Amy Winehouse Dead. So sad. Such talent wasted to drugs.
Congrats Adrian! Great role for ya.
If god is my only witness, then who will write my story?
getting dressed ..
Hey Dani having trouble sleeping so up most of the night about to lay back down; HOW ARE YOU MY LOVE?
I take great candid shots!!! LOL
Ok, it's time for me to get off. Goodnight and God bless! :)
Where the travel refs????????
Phone interview now rescheduled. A blessing in disguise for my sore throat. Now off to teach!
I was lookin at the Chicago code 3 track list dat junt finna be hard
RT : Sorry! Site got pounded! What's up with the site? Haven't been able to load it for the past couple of days...
Battering ram RT": Tough yards right there for Ricky Williams."
Stressed about something? Just listen to #JustKeepBreathing and you'll calm right down. Works every time like a charm for me
Calling all #CouveCoolKids , Fri the 10th of Sept: blood drive for Who's in? #giveback (via )
What's up wit this fucked up world today ?
Don't spend your afternoon waiting for your oil change. We can service most vehicles in 20 minutes.
Cool. Make sure you look me up.
A) That's my Wild Turkey and I don't recall granting you permission to drink it. B)...especially with coke.
I just registered for my last semester of #college. Then it's off to the
Earth, Wind and Bacon
on the gront stool talkin to her boo cuz she dont want her mom and sister listening to her conversation. Pepe got hit
I believe that a GFS Marketplace just opened off of that intersection too, so technically there are 3 grocery type stores there
Why all the yummy food at Hal today? My healthy eating just went down the toilet?
I don't understand why they'd even consider Damon. Are they thinking he can still lead off? Dubious at best.
I'm feverishly voting against him!
oh okay! Thank you
You know you got this ladies!
What would you do if I told you that I la la la la loved you?
Same here..... 1D 4 life.. No matter what
is Darius Miller pushing himself into a second round pick?
include me
:-) Likewisr RT Thanks for the #FF shout outs! Wishing you both a magical weekend. xo, g
2011.10.05 #postseason #Diamondbacks 8 #Brewers 4 in 8th | It's tough to win when / we can't keep the ball in yard / see you on Friday
just said what I've been thinking this entire session.
And here goes the crash...
Sing loud. Sing like you mean it!
Can I put my head in your lap? Or rest my head on your shoulder and let you steer?
Oh my. Times when I forget that we probably read/skim enough academic papers in a day to wallpaper a whole house.
To keep your herbs fresh for a longer time clean them with a damp towel and place them in an airtight bag.
Why you's gotta be hatin' on Glogster? What are you, an English teacher?
Some people just don't think...Hahaha.
God is still speaking
Happy Easter, westies!
So ready to go summer clothes shopping this weekend<3 oh and 8th grade dance dress shopping-_-
The prediction for the "peak" bloom along the tidal basin is March 24 and March 31st. The Cherry Blossom Festival begins March 20th.
Riverwest Artists Association's Annual Membership meeting is scheduled for Saturday, February 20th from 6-8pm at the Jazz Gallery
you can contact ticket rep April Powell 210-675-7275
to see Monty Alexander with Sly and Robbie. Three legends who have played w the legends. Special guests expected. Still seats!
Flacco on Boldin, Torrey Smith: 'When they're running by their guys, you just put it out there for them and they go get it.
Call Nestle Crunch hotline 1.800.295.0051. Listen to message then wait quietly for about 10 seconds & you'll smile. Promise!
yeah of course doesn't look like me? Lol
I'm thinking my momma and I should have a show on ! :)
Disappointed is cutting vital funding for breast cancer prevention, screenings and education at centers.
I was checking the bbl site and saw you have a division named after you. Congrats!
Dynamo can't beat LA without Davis.
DEMETRIUS GOTTA GO
Thanks ! Glad you liked the video.
Can you recommend a good one?
Giving your body is not the only way to get love, but your mind,heart,soul is what a person should really want more.
Pork shoulder in the oven for ' carnitas... never made it before, anyone have advice?
check me out
Everyone deserves someone who makes them look forward to tomorrow.
So excited I get to start my solo today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Love is my gift to the world. How others treat me is their path... how I react is mine. Dr. Wayne Dyer
Come to tampa 9
RT : The beaches are lined with bones bleached white, Of men who with victory in sight,Sat down to think it over. - Unknown
Thx -might do that, Problem is..I was speeding, but so was everyone else. Oh well it's the weekend.
Always knew . was #overpriced & #notworthit, but never knew they were so #dirty. #Gross! Never going there again!!!
I would like to disallow anyone who refers to students as "the younger criminal element."
What kind of pizza?
Just finished hosting Accelerent Roundtable in BBJ conference room. Made a couple of really good contacts including Choice Technologies,Inc
ill pass on the slurpie but im all about a long stroll
Congress owner seems like he needs to run his venue more responsibly, re: the greater community/neighborhood.
hahaha good old Lou Brown.
Man never walked on the moon.
we're on YouTube. We don't have any official music. We are working on covers. Just look up Lost In public So Far Away cover
prayers for you all RT : Maybe we can get back to our "normal" soon. What a roller coaster ride
Some days r better then the last...but im feeling like todays gna be a good day!
OK Anglers, What lure are you using today?
d said whats up, hit him up
dickey was at KS house to negotiate for job, Floyd calls DD took call, spent hr negotiating w Floyd in stallings living room
were you using the previous iPhone or is this a new conversion?
Looks like you are making up for lost time, my friend! ; )
almost ripped off testers head today
1/2 point PPR if healthy start McCoy tonight or Gore Sunday?
Fashion isn't something that exists in dresses only .It's in sky, street. Fashion has to do with ideas, way we live, what's happening-Chanel
let's talk! Call or email us :)
lol it's the hospital
go away bully.
Wrap your head around that one: RT : The authority of those who teach is often an obstacle to those who want to learn. ~ Cicero
ugh... a so called friend. Apparently all I'm good for is wwf games anymore. :-/
Fxck the past & the ppl in it...
Don't let your affection give you an infection, put some protection on that erection
One cannot quarrel without an opponent
RT . from now up
it's okay if you do. They're really cool guys!
Yes, its myspace.com/tailgatesouth! Dan McGuiness is a great little pub! We've been playing there for awhile now.
happy friday from Everybody Deserves Music! We appreciate the work that you do
Last night's episode of "Ringer" was really good :)
I'm confused.how can you be a social media, online marketing digital whatever company..but your clients aren't verified?
I like your style!!! A little B.B. King flavor!!! Wow and only seventeen!!
the question is..how do scientists go past the physical?
didn't see this till after we left ...sorry buddy!
Fear will stop Action, Action will stop Fear!
follow me on twitter ;D
MT : Really glad is so wisely pulling many threads together from earlier conversation
Wtf?!?! This is pathetic ur not a true mahomie!! Your a bully and have no life!! Just leave Keyra alone!
Renfields will play Fright Farm Tonight! Be there... Or Beheaded!
ugh I turn 20 tomorrow.
Color Graphics today! Sunset and Arville. Chicago Dog- $3 w/ peppers, tomato, relish, pickle and celery salt!
yes. Very good stuff. You need a special coffee maker for them...but it beats paying $5 @ SBux for a PSL!
Have fun!! I miss all of you!! : At the OTTY awards with and
#20ThingsAboutMe #17: I am a genuinely NICE person. People tend to take that kindness for a weakness, or being naive.
how does the blind teacher grade papers?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Don't hate, cuz hating will not get you anywhere in life.
Hopefully it does better there, than it did here. as a musician I thought it was a cool concept the judging system however is meh
for booking contact
Not only advertising but programs like LockUp - it baffles me
Be careful out there, green Chicagoans.
Adjectives I would never use to describe a visit to the post office: convenient, swift, delightful, efficient, peachy-keen, satisfactory.
the fight on paper view hbo?
If you say so yourself!
Can a huge Ravens fan get a follow? I go to Calvert Hall, the school you were at on Saturday?
Rain rain go away...
Idk why im tired i have done like nothing all day. It was nice to have a day to relax with my family tho(:
ah. if you guys do decide to do video, keep us in mind:
Thatsa boy! RT @[me] I'm 27 & I reserve the right to hug my mom at (almost) any time for any/no reason.She doesn't seem to mind!
Really excited because i found out a movie theater near me AND a grocery store sell
still a sea of cute dresses @ the Ali Ro #sample sale until 3pm today. Stock now $50, samples $30, Donna Morgan dresses $20-30.
Yes! I'll keep you posted! I sit in 313. Where will you be?
Thanks for the RT! You are now entered to win a $25 Best Buy Giftcard!
the should
Get your Tickets Now - The Canticum Novum Chamber Orchestra & Chorus Fall Concerts “unjustly neglected masterpieces" 10/15 Santa Fe...
more of a Brady guy myself
It’s almost back to school time. Have you started shopping yet? Share with us any great deals you have found.
2 hrs before I gotta get up for work & I can't sleep bc I'm coughing my lungs out from being sick....:(
I love you too babe :)
I will be there tomorrow. Hit u then :)
UCSD's Geisel Library (which looks like it's from SF) is important in Vinge's *Rainbows End.*
produced 3 children. And they were lovely. But Opal had a dream.
Isnt it fun to see the Consumer Mandate Market rear it Huge Head! Supply side economics! Such A Joke
They do seem to be a very respectable and exciting company. Plus the models are so hot. Lol
My dad thinks his jokes are hilarious, and I only laugh because of how bad they are lol gotta love him
Hell yeah bro good seeing you man
Thanks brah, there's more where that came from
He appears to be in pain.
use to play MK and shadowrun. Played a little GH as well, but I wasnt ever any good at it. Now I dont get to play much anymore.
i love you <3
lolol that's okay... How about 7 at my school on Monday for the band concert... I'm not in it but it's happening!
As the great Eric Reid would say...
Rad! Where is it? RT : Working "the Magic School bus Live" nothing better than bringing theatre to kids.
“: If FB social interaction gets diluted, then is Twitter the way to build course / faculty community?”
Our new #vegan menus will be available April 23! RT : Will launch its new vegan menu soon?
thanks for the follow and support keep being your jedi self and check out
RIP Amy Winehouse :(
I had "Hail Mary" playin in my ears at Ralphs. The bagger was like "Yeah that song's tha shit".
Alright yeah, thanks.
"Every time I made money it was here I said and if ma niggas asked for it, it was yea I said"
Time to work again. Out to the 30 bus. MKE.
G.M.N.I.: Bout to help with this hw. Pretty sure I almost got shot walking to my sis' crib.
That's good..I can dig it
happy new year little bear!
Poly marriage supporters: How would you write a law to legalize multiple marriage?
I hate being Sick this SUCKS
Watching "Portraits from Ground Zero" on A&E. Very emotional.
is releasing our new single "Armagetiton" tonight! Make sure to stay up and check it out! ;]
WOTW takes such a strange turn just over halfway thru. Dark. Apocalyptic. 1 person narrative of a potential sole survivor.
Been off the grid for my bday, but Im back. What up tweets?
#ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina The King's Vagina
Oh! Never mind, he was talking to his daughter or something, just saw grandpa leaving with her :P
almost forgot about kings corner. Gotta ask about that.
why do you say that?
We are going to be part of a beta test for a foodie community website! Super excited, more details coming soon!
Happy almost birthday my friend!!!! Great number:)
Awesome, will do. thanks for the tip!
& there is no place 4 me 2 go There is no place 4 me here.
I'm contemplating the future. Libraries will be pretty cool when all those boring Bettys retire!
Life with broken headphones=no life
Not the greatest finish to the season but the #Blackhawks made a great effort despite being shorthanded. #Nextyear. Now on to the #Bulls!
Ahh my favorite childhood granola bar! Too bad I can't find them anymore :(
A street art festival in Baltimore?
Our hearts go out to the family and friends of former writer Jeff Stratton. Jeff was a class act. We miss him already.
you guys killed it tonight such a great show and it was super cool meeting you guys
I love u for winning #congrats I'm so I'm so proud of u
that's good. :-) happy easter!
UGH I have to work ALL WEEKEND. #crew96 pub crawl ending at 4th st for #Crewsmaseve tonite & then slaving away tmr at Crew FK
So much homework D:
Thanks everyone enjoy the day ! keep us posted
thanks that's awesome
RT : ": Ugly Girls be quiet while all the Pretty Girls #RETWEET This! ;)"
Enjoyed the debate.
So beautiful mama! Noah weighs as much now as my daughter did when she was born. Ouch.
i care about you,even though idk you besides twitter; but many do care including me, please stay strong you can do this okay?x
If she was in my party that's what I'd do.
what are the dates?
We have six greyhounds. We are vol for USA DOG def of greyhounds
you summer time fine
Okay, the 5 o'clock news is over. You can now watch the 2nd half of Cliffhanger on pdxtv.
Good news from publisher--No is going into 16th printing and Smart Parenting just came out in Korea.
" do you have any tattoos ? " .. " i ink my whole body, i don't give a mutherfuck. " .. " oh, alright! "
been thinkin all day
when your down no one hits you but when your on and up everyones live and on ya bumper #learned from first hand exp. where they at now
same problem we've run into as well!
Roosevelt Middle School and A. Montoya Elementary, in Tijeras, will be merged into one school. Parents of the schools' children are unhappy.
With wide open jump shots
Failures are made only by those who fail to dare, not by those who dare to fail.
but then you can get there and have 9 min and 30 seconds to stare at the white board
I'm doing pre-construction photos in Indy today for Bradshaw Construction.
At olive garden for my cousins graduation.
Interview prep day. Let everyone else walk through their resumes. I dance.
outreach svcs brings books; I do readers advisory, teach them how to download ebooks, find PEOPLE in our databases, etc.
": Don't mess with someone's relationship, just because you can't get one."
216 :) Made my goal for the week already. The "Ultimate Massage" weight loss system has cut my appetite. Eating 250-500 fewer calories/day.
Beth Hayden CHRO, said women can make themselves promotable by creating value and standing out on people skills.
: DIALOGUE WITH THREE CHORDS as part of Mr. Dennehy's Pub St. Patrick's Week Arts Festival
Dear coworks. If I post a picture. Don't open it unless you want to see my wiener
I've only had my phone on for and hour and its already dying
on rainy days i just want to sleep to bad i cant i am in school :( i miss you
Things like this only happen to me.
TX for mention
When one decides to wake up and speak truth your popularity level will begin to Drop and you may loss friends ..YA FOLLOW ME??!
Here comes the 6th third down...
Thanks for sharing this, Rachel!
Who got some new tricks today???
Hey Manny! Thanks for the RT! Susan
It's Official...The USA Has Been Renamed. It is Now the USSR (United States Socialist Republic) Thanks Mr Obama.
thanks for following :D
RT : NFL Scouts starting to show up for pro day today at San Diego State! Good luck to all our players working out
Give me apartment and some water so I can swwwiiimmmm.
Grand parents coming to #NYC from #DR this weekend. It's going to be nice to see them again.
Interested in Law School? Come meet reps today, 10am to 2pm, at the faculty dining hall next to Student Union.
FANCYPANTS! ;-) So good to see you, my friend! Hope you enjoyed your friends, live, finally!
do u like it visually? actually took me a long time 2 find pics i like, w/the title & by-line... :)
Greenstein on her Mirror Neuron project - humans and elephants both learn thgh mimicry. Teaching kids about how their brains learn.
Justine's holding down the fort tomorrow, but if you have a window in mind I'll stick around for it.
Math Final? PSHHHHHH you got this! lol
sweet! Cooking is science you can eat :D
If I ever come out with my sophomore rap album, I'm really gonna utilize the "WOO!" ad-lib.
Yep! Coming to the party tonight?
"It's hard having it all." -Tracy Jordan
Baby you're my saving grace.
Told Scary stories with Ruthann,Emily,and Lindsey(: <3 HAPPY BIRTHDAY RUTHANN!!!!(: <3 I LOVE YOU BITCH!!!
you bet!
We miss in #Omaha at the
Getting my goals accomplished for the week. Don't forget your daily goals.
How to Choose the Right Scanner for your Law Office: Five Questions to Consider
What's the definition of unlikely?A photo-spread in Playboy titled 'The World's Top Accountants - Nude!'.
I like seeing an elderly couple walk together, hand in hand. Because that's the only proof for me that true love does last.
“A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs - jolted by every pebble on the road. -Henry Ward Beecher
Robbie just told me his name isn't Robbie, it's "Tootie McFarterson". Then he broke into giggles for a solid minute.
well HELL Twitter friend! :)
RT : Parking lot at the Hall of Justice is a mess with everyone trying to leave.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: To keep children stable, courts often tailor custody orders so kids stay on the schedule they are used to.
“Sometimes the police need to look inside a car,...just to make sure everybody is safe.” I try to locate a reassuring register.
Im glad my lips dont turn black lol
Music - Something I can't live without .
5:30 am call time. its gonna be a long day!
Once you learn on how to close your mouth, work on those legs...
“Because you are alive, everything is possible.” <U+2015> Thich Nhat Hanh
What happened with mwp?!
I love my mom no matter what we go through, no matter how much i couldnt agree wit her at times but I know, at da end shell always be there.
Truth, truth
Stop by Wafrique during your lunch and check out how we displayed our jewelry. You'll want one too.
“: Thanks for the RT.” ~ Absolutely...glad you made the Daily:)
You are Glowing with Happiness!! You look amazing!!!
It was a very informative teaser for the FDA's social media series to come! Learned a lot about safe practices until then though!
If you care about it so much than why don't you do it you fat fucking bitch
i do
Can Berkeley use your tweet in a promotional video we are creating?
83 north is closed. Not sure why, but traffic is a mess.
When the bad out weighs the good is the day that I'll stop loving you .
Nly 7 planes at terminal. One still out on runway 1 with emergwency vehicles.
Thank you, darling. :)
I'm not even gone speak on that!
Film update: working on final or 2nd to last pass on editing. Scheduled to hand off to award-winning composer Mateo Messina (Juno) Jan 6.
Plastic Cards are Awesome! We now offer Clear,Frosted and Solid Color Plastic Credit Card & Business Card Size!
Dude you better love me cuz when you get your graduation present from me you're forreal gonna die! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
2 shootings in Roxbury today, anybody know the location of the 2nd? Sounds very recent.
Lol I know ;) haha RT : I meant it too
Plaid Man Tossing became *the* sport of summer 1977.
im not goin to sunday school just because i know you're goin
We're comin after you RT : LV Asian Basketball League Day 1: Lost by 30pts, got moved up a league...
The is a piece of shit. They "attempted" a delivery yesterday morning but I didn't get a notice until today.
Is prayer your steering wheel or your spare tire? —Corrie ten Boom
good morning! happy hump day.
Love how the Allen Iverson "Practice" rant video is trending right now...on its 10 year anniversary
LMAO! Yo he really needs some cause my gawwwd!!! All up in my face!! Lol, so awkward trying to avoid him lol
I know I'm a little late, but congrats on hitting 1.7 million followers! :)
Whats good #DC?? Ready for tru-ly capital #deals?? Check out #trubates!
So appreciative of your support ! #SommChat Cheers!
I died when I saw this lmao
UH, AWESOME. DUH.
thanks for the shout out! So glad you enjoy Off My Mind
they are actually PDP. Good eye though. Same factory.
She txtin me sayin she love me but calling other niggas bae n shit told yu now days yu can't trust a bitch
The Penguins are in their darkest hour. If you are making fun of them and hating now, maybe you should ask yourself if you're a real fan.
Tempted to get a couple of girl rats... but I'm not sure my cat sitter would be happy to rat-sit.
Come on out tonight and tomorrow and see us, Third Stream Giants! www.3sgiants.com! :)
1:0 USA ahead, really surprised!))
LOVED the music for the show last night! Classical night rocked it!why don't I see you in the audience next to
thanks! It was my only serious run this week since I was sick...first time I tested myself since running the half
Never a doubt!!! First my Cardinals, now my Cats!!! Yaaaaahhhheee
Happy day, mamas!
reframe from speakin to me then..
#nowwatching Culture clash
Thanks 4 RT and #realwplearn was very invigorating! Made me think which is a good thing!
silverwood? That is like my place! Hahaha
GMAIL!!! I NEED YOU
Daniel watson, the pastor for this year is the same as the first year. ACTION FIGURES! Spent the morning with jeremy camp's guitarist. T ...
if evry1s thinks they the leader...who's left 2 take the orders?
1.does he get special attention in school? Or 2. If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?!
yep. But still swinging!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 13
Go Pack Go!!
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing - Dale Carnegie
God had a plan for you, believe that
i followed am 1 of the 10 people???
yeah, so what's up!(:
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
We still have more points than this time last year. #19 #MUFC champions emerge after christmas EVERY year. #20 is on its way!!
Of all the stuff in public restrooms that's motion activated, I still have to touch the lock in the stall. I might as well shit in my hands.
Baby over here smashin' and he full!
Nice Flow
D3 Legal good luck wishes extended to E.M., C.M., P.W., J.O., G.P., M.H., and not to be forgotten, K.G. later this week!
That has to be a record.
RT - With fullback role fading, Miami Dolphins' Charles Clay finding a ...: News · Sports · Entertainment · Business · ......
& imma make it cause its destiny... Fuck all the enemies & haters standing next to me
Especially me with long hair! LOL!
KILL THE NOISE
PLANE - George Stephanopoulos and his wife, Kris Jenner and Kim Kardashian leaving out of DCA Washington Reagan Airport this AM SAME PLANE!
Saw "Hall Pass". Gut-busting comedy. In real life, skeptical that a "hall pass" could actually save anybody's marriage.
Can't wait for tomorrows match vs ! On vaca, so good thing it's on ! Hope to see lots of tv shots!
I HATE YOU, TODAY SHOW. THAT JUST MADE ME CRY AT THE GYM.
Mother’s Day is a day to celebrate your mom!
uhm No ;) cause you shared.
Chilled w my girl a little bit..can't wait for this game later today!!
Ever want to run a food truck? A vendor just showed up who sells them. Check out the American House
Love my new Icon
Say 'Hi Marisol' <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080> I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> You! I think you should have a concert here in Reno<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Agreed. Thanks! RT : Great to connect!
We're getting closer and closer to getting our new web site launched...very excited about it!
haha. The Tank!!!
U must be Vernon Davis' Mike Singletary. Did u moon him in the fantasy meeting?
I thought 10u was intense...wow!! 12u softball is extreme!! I have a headache!!
I always get anxious letting iCal end my recurring weekly appointments “never.”
Ive been saying that this whole time! Cheryl was an amazing judge compared to Nicole
Thank you much for the follow! Nice work too!
“: Tiger Woods will be back!” getting bitch slapped by Phil today though
Come as you are
Two words "See ya!" MT : Greece to Germany: 'Pay our bills forever or we'll quit the Euro'
#3wordsofadvice Just let go
Driving home with some Dance Gavin Dance.
Katy Perry: Sun kissed skin so hot we'll melt your popsicle. me: YOU STAY THE FUCK AWAY FROM MY POPSICLE!
Next Monday I'll be in SC where the sun is out and grass is blooming. Need a break from Alaska!
now lip sync for your life.
RT : Man that kills the mojo that A&M had going. LSU go deep now?<-thats what she said !!
anyone still at Cathedral??
Cum on Lakers Yall ass better bring y'all A game 2nite
It is time that as Black women we begin to be proud and embrace our curly hair. I have been a hairstylist for about 19 years.
Dear , we go together like SUV's and audiences.... Sincerely, Oprah
bull! How tall are you?!
I get way too excited when my tea is ready.
Bob Dylan
Today has been an odd day . Haha freaks everywhere !!
it just has to be Shep?
Great weekend with some great coaches. Taking tomorrow off and next week have two different 2 day intensive individual classes to coach.
Christiane Amanpour's discussion on "what if women were in charge" this morning- very thoughtful and enlightening. Appreciated it very much.
Yes, yes they are very good. I'll tweet when I review them so you can see. And, I know it is so hard to write with kids.
i'm just gonna go smoke a joint.
I Fucking love ! I've seen them live twice & i'm about to See them again in November, if I can get the money!
Do you know how to make a tissue dance? .....put a little boogie in it.
i`m content with having just one one friend thank you; ill save my self the drama especially with girls .
Toes a tappin'
Hey, when you get famous and get a movie made about you, I wanna be in it. haha(:
I'm one of those guys, Mr. Richards. Left for work. Long to return... Still love my peeps there. KEXP keeps me connected! GO KEXP!
How many helium balloons does it take to fly away?
Thanks Sara! I forgot that I even wrote that, but I like it! Now I need a fine wine of my own :-).
at the beach!! ah what a beautiful day!
like its prob in the garage but WHAT IF IT ISNT :'<
Get a jump on you Super Bowl party planning, call our catering department today!
I wanna get in the pool...
Shooting 30 aerials in two days.. Wish I was at Comic Con
Be sure to experience The Titanic all over again in 3D and IMAX!!! Coming to theatres April 4th!!
please follow she sends u like million messages a day please follow her much love
Wit is the salt of conversation, not the food. ~ William Hazlitt
19 of you have Liked our Music News on Facebook and 543 of you Liked our Monthly Search For the Best New Artists! We Like You Too :)
! Take my final ! Says lol
Later on today "THE TAKEOVER HOUR" will takeover SFR from 5-6 PM. Don't want to miss that!
Arf! I hope you're enjoying #NationalTrainDay. :)
last time i expect #NYK to beat #heat knicks fucking suck smh
So Rex Ryan has a foot fetish. I guess he wouldn't mind putting "foot in mouth" then. Maybe that's why he talks to damm much.
At the Edison. Eating mac n' cheese. Talking about oil painting with strangers.
: Singing tonight with retweet for tickets !
Kara Walker to speak at Memorial Hall this Monday 6pm, History of Art + Design is a co-sponsor, free for Pratt students, seating is limited
Stop fucking raining damn
It's a big week! Today is the first of this year's ExxonMobil Science Days & tomorrow the new seats for the planetarium will be delivered.
At the car wash, girl
Why do all the new Luc Besson movies have narrated trailers? It's so out dated.
are you moving there?!?
Lauren Hill is making a comeback. Her appearance looks better and everything.
..Thanks! I took too long to get out of my Holiday Habits...lesson learned. :)
last year OSU led college basketball with the fewest fouls per game. apparently thad teaches how not to foul. hmm...hm.
haha not weird in a bad way (:
lol charge her for a piece of paper every time i guarenteed she wont ask again!
With an impressive 53.09 victory in the 100 Kate Wiseman sweeps the sprint freestyle events with dominating swims
just saw your new pic on Twitter. All I gotta say is wow. So beautiful. :)
hit the line
Keep telling friends to buy tickets to see at the House of Blues in Chicago June 20th! We need to sell this place out!! <3
Half way exiled, my life has been a melancholic slow (sometimes fast) silent movie.
One more hot day on Mt. Hood, then it cools way down. Alas, almost time to go home.
I was there!! I must have just missed you! ": Come hang ! #goodgrub #sports"
What an awesome fucking game
gotta pay your lawyer?
can't get ni**as in paris out of my head...and for such good reason...and yes the staring was necessary
When your aunt thinks she has a right to run your life
SAY SOMETHIN IF YOUR FEELING THE VIBE, SAY SOMETHIN BABY DON'T BE SO SHY SAY SOMETHIN CAUSE YOUR ALL IN MY HEAD LIKE OH WOAH OH WOAH
haha, my mom has more plans than I do! Shes going to the movies in Franklin with her friends or something, haha.
Thanks so much man! I hope you like the rest of the record too!!! LOL jk
Meal worms are disgusting why must i go through these things
Swapped out a 30 yd dumpster at an apt. complex. Theyre using it for couches/beds/dressers/recliners, etc. What furniture do you want gone?
Never fails to fascinate me how powerful he was with words.
we can't wait to try columbia's craft beer festival this Saturday!
Support independent artists!
go head Austin
did you get those emails?
ONE game from the Stanley Cup finals. Holy shit.
Ooohhh i wanna see u shake that sexy ass of yours <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
I'm coming to ball again at the Y
Thermo Fisher Scientific Acquires Production Chemicals Channel, Doe &amp; Ingalls
I love seeing your face!!!!
keep me posted!
Have an extra ISTE reservation if anyone needs one- canceling tomorrow-
I am finished with my Florida Sunbelt History class. It talked about patterns I'd noticed in gentrification, with research to back it.
Aretha Franklin found an actress to portray her in a biopic of her life - A Broadway star and classically trained singer -Audra McDonald
This niggah got points added to his score board when more than half the rounds were Cottos! Flat out that was cottos fight. But $ talks. Smh
I love so much <3
. just punched a wall RT : Surprise World Series appearances last 10 years: Rays, Rockies, TIgers, Astros, Marlins
#imdone hurting myself n #imdone letting you hurt me # straightlikethat
#heweb11 Go to Casino El Camino. Eat the Amarillo Burger. Drink straight Gin. Watch a slasher flick.
I like seeing instagrams of people's lunches! I have a feeling I'll be subbing pics for real food after graduation.
What's up guys how is everyone doing?! Come talk to us and tell us about your day!
Who's got that 3:30 feeling and is in need of a coffee? We have a free coffee waiting for you, ask how!
Want to do blast on our twitter or your looking for a email blast to 10,000+ address. Contact us today for more info | Prices starting at $5
Bring back the cross check tee please!
We sure will. See you onstage soon! Been too long since we rocked together!
i just snapped.
We rock'd the party!!!
I shall have to try it!
I DONT HATEE ON BOY WITH TRAMP STAMPS
On my way to go get ice cream and crackers. And some redbulls!
funn day yesterdayy (: i lovee finding random cats in the street .!! haha
learning on how 2 search for info online & am happy i learned how 2 search 4 TIME in this global village
I hope tomorrow goes smoothly.
Agreed!! RT : There is no such thing as a perfect parent so just be a real one. ~Sue Atkins
Done! When will you come to The Folger?
My grandfather wore rubbers when it rained, he must have gotten aroused by the moisture in the air
berry weiss is almost like a mixer beer. not even meant to be drank on its own. should probably drink 1 tonight to make sure.
#5thingsaboutme 1.I give good advice and a lot of People come to me for their Problems. But I can't solve my Own.
Have you been BULLIED? HOW? LIVE on on #Stand4Change Forum
$12 Ticket for the Russian River Tasting on guarantees the holder: one 8oz each of Younger, Elder, Damnation & Choice of Sour.
youre the hot one!
Elvis is the king of Rock and Roll. Bad example.
#NewsCorp: There's only so much lying your readers/viewers will take before they discover what the rest of us already know.
Refectory? Enjoy! It is awesome!
Why mess with WYSIWYG web software or templates when I can hand code the frakkin' thing?
Tomorrow night Toledo! Come to frankies inner city, doors @ 8pm $5 21+ / 7 under 21, this is an all ages show so be there!!!
Jay Farrar & Benjamin Gibbard - California Zephyr - 10:22 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Any way to get the feed to scroll automatically? I can't figure out how to knit, read tweets, and use the mouse at the same time. jk
Huge #Beatles fan! Well represented!! #TheVoice Fab Duo!!
Wow, David's Bridal exceeded my expectations. Can't wait til the wedding!
Don't Expect To Get Respect If Your Not Giving None .
Once Niall gets a girlfriend.. i'd support them 100%.but if he ever got his sweet beautiful heart broken, id kick that bitches ass.
- Yay for gluten free cupcakes! Have you done dairy free?
andd whyy are you so cute?? (:
Happy New Year! Cheers!
Nothing like key lime pie at Sarabeth's with 's entourage & & Charlie Yu & Jonathan Lethem
No swearing in Virginia Beach or you get fined.
All I want, all ill ever want, is for you to want me.
The privilege of a lifetime is being who your are
Looking for a few great design bloggers to follow, check out:
U too my man, have fun in LV!!! RT : good running into you last night homie!!!!
A Relationship is not based on the length of time you have been spent together, It's based on the Foundation you've built together.
Good bye Mr McMillian
Morning world!
Sure, it's great that you're doing this. I'll be in touch some thoughts.
I end up sitting on my butt watching TV the whole time.
I definitely enjoyed it. I need to see it again when I'm not do sleep deprived and delirious.
am fine are u on facebook?
PB&J's, chicken nuggs, mac n cheese, cheese puffs = most delish Thirsty Thurs. to date
Ponder this: Lookah Hookah smoke shop seeking city OK to offer live entertainment ... "in the form of belly dancers, jugglers, DJ’s"
Oh gosh SWAT IT MAKE IT SUFFER AH there is one in my room now. Geez what is this gypsy magic. HOW DID IT GET IN?
who got the pearls?
better go back to bein a macaroni n quit bein a bass fiddle lol
I find everything I said ghetto lol bc most of the ppl that r ghetto u described in previous tweet
4th seed in d pool. lame
MT : Sometimes it's VITAL to be in awe of where we've been & where we can go next. Welcome home Discovery.
LoL there is a restaurant called The Money Shot. Don't know how to feel.
thank YOU! <U+E056><U+E328>
Existing template. Don't have time to optimize/create new now... Tables on tables on tables. Spacers on spacers on spacers.
Hey Mark, the "Good Things" shirt design (and quote) on your site belongs to Credit? Royalties? Hm...
preorder your drinks and have them waiting 4 u @ intermission. Genius! @ Centerstage theater in Bmore.
Yup, just got it. Thanks!
#ItsAwkwardWhen you have the same spam from 40 people using the same line, "look at these bad photos of you" and they dont even know you
GO follow please she follow back ;D
poop! well i'm at jimmy johns tonight if you wanna come by! :)
Old TMac would've hit that.
Real Talk blog, gay issues and politics
+ 1 RT : I am opposed to schools having any authority to release--that includes within conference, within state, whatever.
Listening to #barrykatz on #mohrstories and loving it. Pearls of industry wisdom wrapped up in a lot of funny...
I got a tootsie pop and a sticker for voting this morning. was that wrong?
and will then fit a replacement lock for you or make key or re-key your lock so the old key will not work.
Damn I need more followers!
Hey everyone there's a couple people out there who are spamming and sending bad links so BEWARE! D:
Happy WEEKEND!
Chinese Showcase Concepts For The Volkswagen Of The Future - Autochannel (press release)
No I don't SMH
That would be perfect to wear for coverage of Fiesta.
UNDERTAKER WINS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D #Wrestlemania The streak lives on!!! 20-0!
Oh that may still happen. I'm just thinking of more creative ways to do so!
#PRDLA UBC's Eleanor Yuen speaking to difficulties of OCRing rare Chinese and Japanese newspapers. Full search text often impossible.
Leadership starts with knowing exactly what you believe in and sanding up for those beliefs.
Sunday is half-priced wine night in the restaurant! Come out and try some beautiful Washington reds and whites!
you will be missed ,but you can always find your way back home :)
I've had enough.
thinks the refs are trying to give the game to the Saints on this drive on both ends of the field. Still, the Pack made an incredible st ...
agreed. He picked it up almost immediately after Braun was at first. Interesting to see a coaches mind at work
No doubt. I think they were also on an errand to either Starbucks or WalGreens.
I can't remember which drawing I sent u, what's its look like?any colors?
it would REALLY make my night if I could get a "Good night Corinna" :)
Yep, there was some definite sliminess. But I can't deny, 50% weight loss is impressive!!
Waiting for to land from Vegas
I miss my bestie but i know we are thinking the same thing right now. We both wish we were home instead of at work :)
we are in the beginning stages of bringing an #urbangarden to #brickcity hope u can join us
People, you can't sell your bike on craigslist without a picture. And no, I won't email you for pictures. Dummy.
OMG...what happened with your Mom...I'm glad everything is ok!!
and I have a boyfriend too :( well when are we gonna see eachother!?
You're just a crock of shit with a pretty smile, and I refuse to compromise.
I love the song...u do be killing them! lol
mr. dolibois is also featured in our permanent exhibit, mapping our tears.
Watching OU-TX tomorrow? Of course you are! Give your watch party the Sauced touch. We deliver 521-9800
Whatever made them hate you in the first place...do it some more! TD Jakes
I'm so excited about Selection Sunday that I can't even sleep...
Realizing now that, as a runner, I should've been living in the Museum District this entire time. Being this close to the Rice U trail rocks
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst and consultant! His work is unparalleled!
Just got into Vegas! What's poppin LV?
hmm . Dm me? Am on town.and ur amazing.
I hate being sick! :(
OK, this episode of Doctor Who is seriously creepy.
Rainy slow Saturday. Laying in the bunk room watching stand up comedy... The nights won't be this quiet when it warms up again!!!!!
#backinelementaryschool i got the belt on the regular
congrats Jon!! That was excellent.
one more note... still optimistic. Still making the good fight. So there ya go... Chicago summer ??? Good for you.
#nowplaying Freddy mercury and David Bowie pressure
cool will do send me link again plZ txs
haha :) im not that into them i just hear that on the radio and i likee it
I love you
i've been there - #YosemiteNP - three times :) it gets better each time :)!
: Since Maia has an opponent now, give SOMEONE to fight!! People need to see how awesome he is.
Awesome!!! You'll do great!
We're focused on meeting the needs of legal firms & knowledgeable in all Rules of civil procedures to accommodate your needs!! 877-527-5737
I wish I was as perfect as some people think they are. Grrrrr
I don't mind Rome, but he's kind of a blowhard. has so much tact, while getting ansewrs to difficult questions.
Ralph Macchio was 22 when he filmed The Karate Kid. Some of the cast didn't believe he was that old.
Good try Cards
John Huntsman, absolutely unqualified America, www.bruzzesiforpres.com
#twitterlove ;) RT Hey Twitter family, ain't got nothing but love for ya... 8 days week. Love me back
Hey man. Definitely would welcome the opportunity to talk business with you. Lemme know..
My sis witnessed a roll over car accident 2day. Be sure in btwn tweets you let the peeps in your life know you love them!! ILYM
Just got "pinjacked" on - spam pin auto-repinned itself w/o an option to delete. You need type "/edit" at the end to delete!
Raise you $2M? Might open the floodgates on this one.
Internet, you bewilder me.
On neuroscience as it applies to eLearning: We didn't evolve to learn by reading off a page - or a screen. Emotion matters.
Thank you...much appreciated!
if you didn't make it, you can borrower our DVD
fucking had to go home bc of my bro. -.-' but I know hes really sorry bout it.. and i feel bad for him.. he did let us down but he feels so
"Last name: Ever, first name: Greatest"- possibly the greatest opening lines to a verse last 5 years
hahaha. I remember i flew into Texas for something 1 time and all I saw was swimming pools.... Lol
Henry Louis Mencken~ ...the basic delusion that men may be governed and yet be free.
We watch Sunday football while sitting on a bench. It takes us back to our high school playin' days!
that's how it starts lol “: not this female”
you know he cant have sex right? Oh wait thats perfect for you lololzzz
Sardinia - forte village - amazing beach, spa, kids club, lots of pools - it ticks all the family holiday boxes x x
The key is for all of their new shows to fail horribly. I am optimistic that they will.
time to hit crossfit cle in a few!!!! train hard or go home.
Have to visit a friend in Chanhassen MN today. Wondering if there's a museum experience I can find out there?
Mouth breather?
Troy Davis is Saved Great News ;+D
Totally wish so as well.... miss you!
I SERIOUSLY DID THO!!!!!
Such a fun night!!
much love for that.
4/28 in SD! This is going to be a great show!
The turbines whine as you climb high above the skies to be surprised by a sunrise above the islands,now you're flying, GetAway Airlines TM
Local business announces new technology development
Jealous! Cranberry mojitos yum mm!!! RT : in your stomping grounds at the Palomino in the Crescent
Great! How are you? “: How's the beautiful babyboy and San Antonio's best mom doing?”
I don't think I will get use tyo.
Sunday night football -- Steelers at Bengals, October 21st. Care to wager?
: Robert J Bennett, Fex Ex CLO's issues: multigenerations, tech, #socialmedia, globalization, education.
how it going..
This stragg ass witch talking shit and she the main one who PAID her money to see the reunion.
“: #FF Follow these tweeps. They Make It Worthwhile: ” Thanks!
Just got my acceptance letter! It's official! I'M TEACHING IN CHINA!
See ya later Vegas, off to San Remo, Italy to play in the EPT.
#JazZSyncShow Its a hard knock life!
Let's go #BEARCATS . Represent
Definitely. Result was 7-6 Canucks in OT. 76 saves for Quick. 64 for Schneider.
tomorrow :I I think
hell yeah hella bass
40% of that is mine! Reserved woot!!
awesome! I'm going to hang my copy too!!!
Off to NINES/NEH Summer Institute this afternoon
Follow me Robert??????
“: “: ASK me, don't AXE me.” getting AXEd hurts. ASKing can never hurt.
did u order that shirt yet? I been slacking I'll try and remember this week
: and why are you saying all of this now my other username you didn't say anything and it's basically the same thing
Ugh, math homework is not going well now -___-
30-day Fitness Challenge: Establishing a New Habit : Girl Power Hour
On the road, Ringo is known to have the biggest sweettooth. POLL QUESTION: what's yer fave Easter candy?
I'm handing the stadium tracker baton to and for tonight's 10pm show.
I think they have Steroid Vending Machines in the #SFGIANTS Clubhouse
humans can be cruel, probably steams from selfishness. Article or book?
If you have favor don't share your dream.
Rain rain go away
Trust in God and DO something. ~ Mary Lyon
Nick is pretty cute...
lol thanks for your support!
QOTD: “Worthless people live only to eat and drink; people of worth eat and drink only to live.” ~Socrates
'Tis a remorseless eating machine! So funny.
To those of you whose profile pictures show you making out with someone...the rest of the world thinks you're gross.
GOOD NITE PEEPS SLEEP WELL SWEET DREAMS TO ALL
Started using Edmodo in Reading Classroom. I really enjoy checking students entries. This is a great tool to use in the classroom.
I'm not saying we're just laying around braiding each other's hair. I'm just saying I dig Kirby's slightly elvish new hairdo.
Heyy txt me?!? please iPod is dyingg
#YOLO better do it!
The Denver's sports teams are making some major move in these last 2 weeks from getting Peyton Manning to trading Nene & resigning Chandler.
i'm da shit bitch let it stank
..."no, he's just sniffing out my muffin."
To whom? What's the context?
Freddie Sanchez cannot buy a break.
I followed, but don't see it ending well
Dont hate the player hate the game cuz I play it to well
I know :(( but thankfully I'll be home in no time! Then I'll be over in a bikini everyday lol
Thanks for the follow and welcome
Negative. I don't like them enough to pay $60 for a ticket.
Haven't been in a line this long since I went to the Vatican. Excited for Andrea Bocelli in Central Park!
Bone Thugz n Harmony on my Samsung Galaxy while I'm chillin at home in peace and harmony
we're gonna have to go out man I'll stay out until ten haha
I'll be posting archives, ideas, etc. on teaching with archives over , just fyi.
Let's make it happen - one day after work?
technology has spun off to the civilian world and saved Billions. Cargo Truck Fairings save 1 mile per gallon times *millions*
plz RT :Save tons of money and time with R online interactive webinars w/ casting directors, agents & online acting classes.
Tomorrow night at 8pm we are playing in #la hope to see u there!
jinx! Do u people know nothing?
lol she's always hurting him
getting picked up early tomorrow
Go see of at and then you have one less item on your bucket list to do.
I would never do that unless Roger Waters worked for NPR, WBEZ, PRI or WNYC
$2 Long Island Iced Teas at Crisp Pizza Bar tonight! 1323 E Brady
#whatihate fake, untrustable, two-timing, ex bestfriend. Sorry, had to
Bro hit me on the DM. Seeing if you still coming by the studio tonight or reschedule.
Tv crews at both ends of my street? I'm just getting groceries guys, I mean I'm flattered but.... Or right its for Obama
": Is anything im doing brand new ?"
I'm hearing Bramble Rye BCBS will be out this week, with regular BCBS in certain shipments. What are you hearing?
Awesome!!!!! Thanks!
Thank you
If you're at #socapeurope and are looking for an app developer stop by our table to have a chat. We're the ones with the digital pic frames
where was your favorite trip to? I've got $500 in credit to book, by January 1!! :)
I have landed in St. Louis!!! Awesome!!!
it was Scotland the Brave, no funeral dirge that one. It's usually done in parades.
awww thanks lianne! <U+E32D>i love yours too! you look beautiful! hehe
Date added 5/29/2012 Checkpoint Charlie New Orleans La
hey pru, ive been texting u. Haven't heard back. How r u? Miss u!
Shed the #Gnar !
Life is wonderful =)
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>RT : I was seriously Teared eyed when I walked into Sticks Bar & Grill
he knows so little to think about.
I just throw a couple bills and she'll have a pair of heels..
The less we talk about it, the better off we'll be.
Thats so true...
Did you know you can connect both your orkut AND myspace account to youtube?
Just noticed I now have access to the social reporting in Google Analytics. Now I'll have to spend some time digging in!
Don't own a scooter anymore :( haha
Hey Ariana How Are You #heartsUP I love You :)
Pray for muamba
Service Will Start @ 11:30 am on Sundays We Will Have A night Session On Friday We Will Swagg Out To The Max So Be Readdy !!!!!!
nice talking to you last night. Lemme know when you want to do the Detroit question.
Looking forward to the Associate Member ceremony tonight! 8:00 pm in Letts Formal.
i think the lakers CAN beat the Heat. don't put words in my mouth.
"If no action were to be taken by the fiscal authorities, the size of the fiscal cliff is" so large that there's "absolutely no chance that…
i always use frozen bread for my peanut butter & honey sandwiches. then they're nice and cold.
Live up to the best that is in you: Live noble lives, as you all may, in whatever condition you may find yourselves.Henry W. Longfellow
Moving the Preakness to Sunday is the missing ingredient for moving it out of Baltimore. Way to go MI Developments. Ridiculous.
I wish I was...
Wish I could be there sooner -- see you guys around 7PM
Makes me laugh every time!! <3 that Kat :)
[ Wale voice ] RT : I want to see something else in you before I invest in you.
: Ooh congrats! I'll keep my fingers crossed for you! :)
Just cashed in all my spare change. $102.39 <U+E418>
Women marry men hoping they will change. Men marry women hoping they will not. So each is inevitably disappointed.
Feel better! :]
Watching Lifetime movies and eating.
Lovely goal.
Nick & Roberto just did the cinnamon challenge in class. XDSome funny shit.
know what i regret cryin over dude. cuz uh i just bounce back wit 2.. does that mean ima hoe? na just keepin my options open.
I am pretty sure she is taking her body down town.
I miss you so much!
YES! I love the song they always play! GET ON YOUR FEET!
If my tweets bother you so much, STOP. LOOKING. AT. THEM.
Just got my butt kicked by Viveca.
been there for a while now. Like a day shy of a whole week. :)
I love her why would I do that? Damn!
Wonderful women everywhere! Get down here!!!
i try , do the same thing tonight lol
That is one of the most perfect cover designs in history.
Looking forward to seeing everyone
Getting ready for some hard work in the next few weeks.
How about some #DirtyWater love for the #Celtics?
it's bad for your teeth! Haha but okay, and after that I'll get you those colored jeans you wanted so bad.
haha. Bruh, me and go way back. Like pre-millennium back! It's a small world, huh.
thanks for thinking of me!
The overarching, underlying mission of C. S. Lewis' work: to help readers clearly to see and practically to apply the love of God in Christ.
went on a gnat killing spree with
I don't yet, but I'm thinking about it seems like alot of fun
have fun!!
Excited for the Cleveland International Film Festival today.
New art! Humberto Rebollo, beautiful bright paintings up in the shop!
Do you really use Lotus Berry conditioner?
Nah man its deleted lolololololl
at #OccupyLA demonstration, where hundreds are gathered in support of Wall St. protests
pretty sure our twitter convo went full circle tonight: Mad Men->Havertys Ad Agency
dont u think the players wanna win the SEC-T? i dont think they wanna lose again
what's good killa hit me with a follow back
my back is shedding
Late-night train riders in Hong Kong, Singapore, & Taipei seem so happy, while those in Tokyo look so depressed.
Currently, the network is down, & will effect your site and emails. We're working to restore service, thanks for your patience^CS
GIANTI! YAAYYYYAYAYAYAY! I'm so excited for you :) xx
RT : Christopher Hitchens was an "extraordinary, compelling & colourful human being it was a privilege to know": Tony Blair
my music >
Q)0 Susannah from Madison, Wi. Learned that started a personal blog is fun
you have a daughter now? Jesus. Everyone's copying me.
Only 2 more days of being a Freshman.
Those North Face events look great! Definitely on my radar...
It's been 13, like other Google services, for several months now, at least in the US
I cry when I hear"I'll be your strength"thanks for ur great music
my thighs are killing me
i gotta watch #BadGirlsClub Reunion pt.2 next week
maybe he's on FB?
If you're looking for United Way staff this morning, we are at Keeneland for a meeting with a key note from State Auditor Crit Luallen.
Next week will probably work. I'll shoot you an email. :)
I think if you were able to get deported then it counts.
Slept in hard.
Chicken tacos
Wassup and goodnight twitter people I didn't tweet 2day so I am TWEETIN this PEACE OUT HOMIES!!!!
RT If you want to rise, then surround yourself with ppl who inspire and uplift you. Successful ppl have standards :o)
I love looking through the Xbox Games On Demand list of games under the genre "fighting". Silent Hill Homecoming is def a fighting game. :|
stuffed animals are hiding whiskey minis.
Love that is not madness is not love
Thanks it will be up shortly!!!
Yeah. Earquake in NYC. Right now.
Black Veil Brides guitar riffs are absolutely awesome!
Don't trust anyone with less than 30 lines in their .vimrc
Open house today had been going well!
Noting his mother's visit to Las Vegas the weekend before she died. She got to go to heaven four days early. - President Bill Clinton
Knock on this wood get rock by this thunder #np Miguel - Quickie early in the morning
Some weaves are pretty..
I love working the night shift, but why is it so dead?
I'm sitting in my car and the wind is blowing it back and forth.
hey frank enjoy ur day!!
thanks that would be sick
LOVE a good sale at ulta. pulled a robbery on some redken, hot tools, and bigsexyhair
Let's get it trending! RT : Also, my phone just recognized the hashtag #Samayan2012. Awesome!
Random Fact: Today in 1901, Anna Edson Taylor becomes first person to survive going over Niagara Falls in a barrel.
the other side is if you, as an informed consumer, can get information to find out which ISP provides the best security.
Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are.-Muhammad Ali- Happy Birthday, Daddy!
You respect me and 1D, I respect you. You hate on me and 1D, I hate on you. Simple but effective.
No excuses lady! You're right across the street? We have a ton of delicious signature cocktails for you try then ;)
Thanks for the Follow!
wait can you actually send me your grammar book? and then let's go to rio.
What better way to start off the new year than getting a piercing!
You are awesome! Have a great weekend!! RT : Great workout this morning!!!
I think you forgot the YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAH!
apparently not being married is a tragedy to this woman.
Awww what a doll baby!!! Just like her auntie. :)
All classes through June 2012 are now posted and open for registration (more workshops coming, but not confirmed yet)
How have you been, Miss Lolo?
Favorite quote from last week, "if you wanna work on this film, you must be safe, you must recycle, and you must love cats."
thank you!
Leadership training through leadership development.
Only 1 week left till Black Friday is your #safe ready? Time lock changed? Make sure you talk to me about a free risk assessment!
Phones are getting thinner and smaller while people are getting fatter and stupider.
brooklyn is actually a part of long island
Today was a silly, unfocused, unproductive day. Hoping tomorrow will be a bit more focused; silly and unproductive will be ok
Learn to enjoy life. Love yourself. And embrace the ones you love
Shades of 2010 Packers for this years Brewers club RT : As feared, #Brewers SS Alex Gonzalez has torn right ACL.
lol I see that now. Im prolly the only one that noticed. --> R, D, & N lol
it really was funny. Haha& kay!
A real, mobile robot. And no, Siri doesn't count.
Can't wait to get home next weekend and roll and in some Tiger '13
i think we make the best team ever.
How is your lovely lady doing? Any update on the seizure monitoring?
"JANE EYRE: Look, if I'm going to marry a jerk, I might as well marry a jerk who gets me hot beneath the petticoat. Jane out!"
Thank you Wyoming!
#ILikeItWhen you know my favorite songs... :)
im extra snarky today, GOSH
make love to me....
Followed me please!! :D
I swear everyone in my choir class can play the piano except for me -__-
Thanks for sharing the helpful thoughts this week at #ideation12! Looking forward to picking up "Twitter for Good".
CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE ACK!
Don't frown, because you never know who's falling in love with your smile! :-)
Will check it out. Good luck with the launch!
thank you to you guys for putting it down, it's such a #fun n #community atmosphere #timeless sun!!!
Today's is tattoo removal. I can finally get that thug life tattoo taken off my stomach.
Thanks! :) glad you liked!
can't wait to see the end product
thanks for ditching me and yesterday ....f u!
hell ya. i got a song called makin my comeback. it goes hard.
ikr I loved that movie!!!!
Sam Adams marathon beer taste like a waterd down wachussett blueberry
Holding workshop on Core Past Life Hypnosis Monday March 8th 9-12. cal l310-54-4844if interested.Sat class "Creating Ceremony in Business"
Beautifully shot and cut piece of film, I admit, but main message seems to be that control-freak mothers exist in EVERY country
Yo I got a 70% on my quiz today
Thank you!
they changed runways at boeing field in the last couple hours. air force one wont be going by my office window now. plane nerd problems.
fascinating! It's interesting to see the dominance of postmodernism and pre-postmodernism ... but of course!
Whitey Bulger tip came from Iceland. Person who lives seasonally in Santa Monica where Bulger was captured.
Tumbling now, good thing to get my mind off of things. <3
also im going to bed now so ya goodnight :))
cldn't agree with u more! & i think that a lot of King pics focus on politics & leave that out. i'm listening & obeying. Thx
heading out to the nationals ballgame
Feels like all the big medications are fraudulent now. I'm scared to even go to the CVS down the street. Sheesh.
Milk aNd CoOkiEs...
"If you don't go after what you want,you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward; guess what?
Where is her twin?
Alone+Boredom+snowstorm=
YES we need every Zambian #Blogger on the network and am still building the site
Titans favored just twice in Wks 2-16 on opening lines at , but 3 games were PKs & TEN likely to be favored vs. JAX In Wk 17.
Want to be totally an out of the box thinker? It does not come overnight. You have to be out of the box/unique with almost everything you do
Lots of great options for where to catch the Caps game tonight! Where in Arlington will you be watching Game 7?
Quick question.. If you were to get something shiny would you want it to just wear or have function?
Planing my Marfa wedding!! I can't stop smiling!
Great! Stay tuned for our contest! RT : they are all awesome but I love the lotus and five sense sha especially!
Just lift school on the way home i hope my brothers okay
great pic Danny.
Ma Mama Always On The Phonee .
Saw 's fantastic talk at #saa11 about these papers.
Smart! “What’s worse than training your workers & losing them? Not training them & keeping them.” Zig Ziglar, motivational speaker
Awww thank you girl, I miss you<333
Doing rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
Just saw a person gnawing on a chicken leg as they drove down the road. Stay classy, Martinsville.
Rams offense in second half pretty consistent: three & out, three & out, three & out... Z. Pitchers and catchers report when?
ENG IV: Discussion on "A Rose for Emily" tomorrow in class. It is on page 80 in your text.
its really annoying/obnoxious when actors tweet or fb about them going on auditions. I'm going to stop doing it myself...no need to brag.
After months of good work, submitted draft of a "training guide" for Global Libraries TWG review - the wealth of their experience is inside!
AND *DJ SERVICES *EVENT HOST *PARTIES *BOOKING *PROMOTION *BIO *SECURITY *LIVE CAMERAMAN *LIMOUSINE SERVICES
Neither do I. He doesn't have the secondary stuff to warrant such a comp.
expecialy in a nice quiet room
Musical Splendor In Sunnyside
I love the Outback :)
!disappoint not do they .service customer exceptional their for #zipcar to shout-out another
And college-me moves towards the nearest blue-light emergency phone.
Can I be ur flower girl? RT : please leave me alone... i have a wedding to plan in 14 years!
Alright, ready for installfest
Snow Hype. High Expectations. Minimal Results = Depressed Teenagers
#ThisSummerImTryna h.a.g.a.f.t meaning have a good ass fucking time.
Where will you guys be before the Cubs game tomorrow?
good work out of the pen tonight
Common people is one of my favourite tunes
With all the stuff going in NYC, you'll have no probs, my man.
Thanks to for all the #FF here lately.
I'm waiting for the Android tablet kit!
#JerrySands in the clutch bringing the to a 4-3 win! A WALK OFF IN SPRING TRAINING IS STILL A WALK OFF!
Thanks & it's because of role models like you that I do this :-)
Woulda figured WSJ editors use banks.
#Answerthequestionjerk Salk, now that your wife is pregnant and cannot drink . . . will you also not be drinking?
So I was selected to be a member of OSU's Future Leaders Initiative, but I have to pay 200$?!
Ok! Can we have them shipped to the fort???
Thank you! “: I just voted for and #Ramos here in #Charlesvillage. No lines so come on out and vote!”
you're kidding me right? That means I get to meet you again?! Ok I'm crying:') this is the best day of my life. C u there (;
feel the pressure CT my man CA has this-btw what is the pic supposed to mean?
Lemme tie your shoes, cos I don't want you falling for anyone else <3
I was baptized on October 1st of 2011
Where did you get one?
Life's too short to be anything but happy(:
FREAKING JEALOUS. The three people in this world i would love to hang with.. all know each other.
Let us know whenever you have the chance to visit--we'd love to see you here.
Somebody should build a hotel for midgets. The restaurant could serve finger foods.
Have high blood pressure? Check with your MD to see if you can take the Chinese herbal remedies available on Ebay with your prescription.
Congratulations, , on your president's award at #spj10!
you get those plane tickets yet!?
well I almost just hit a dog with my car SO...not that great
Remember when the Pit was considered deep out west, on way to Naples / Marco. Now its almost like going to Shorty's.
I just checked out what RAAM is, I'm just doing it myself. Gonna be self funded unless I can find some people to help support me
Zeller gonna go for 40 at this rate #boxout !
oh I like Dash!
she didnt even put me in my 8 laps and dude she put olivia and sarah in... I worked so hard 4 tht & i got the best time 4 it!!
Let it be known that having seen it in person..you have a genuinely good booty LOL
Why are 9V batteries so damn expensive? Sheesh!
the doctors said I can be but they don't know yet
Progressive Plumbing has joined Twitter!
anyone out there going to Internet Librarian in Monterey? #IL2010 Looking forward to the searching track on Monday...
hey can you email me sam.sessa(at)baltsun.com with info, and i'll pass it along to my reporter
Motivate - Men's best successes come after their disappointments
ok :))) but when there is?
Obama can sneak out of the country & go to Afghanistan yet I can't go to the bathroom in the middle of the night without waking up the wife.
Yup! Bunch a Big shots gonna be there. Super sweet. I'll race at least one day. Maybe two. Bring your cowbell
Cup of noodles time.
GM everyone :-)
If ur absent during my struggle don't expect to b present during my success
My man Jagr got his first goal tonight then said that wasn't enough and went and got another
In NY next month for the NY games conference. Wondering if (##FF) and are attending.
Carroll. Important to reach young people. Educators and scientists should try to be more effective story tellers.
Funny how it's all guys in the Hallmark aisle at Walgreens right now.
I'm running against the wind
CANNOT wait!! Um also 3 days!! :)
Gym makes me feel a lot better :)
Lmao! See man, I knew you was gone flash out ! But yea, I'm fareal . lol
Wanted: one journalism student in NYC to fill in for ridiculously awesome VIP cocktail event (Fri & Saturday). Media at cravelocal dot com.
Savings Tip - Unclogging Sinks add salt before the baking soda and vinegar, and make sure the water is boiling, it will clean the drain
Oh wait, I know what the next Iron Man movie is REALLY going to be about! It'll be all Squirrel Girl! China was just a diversion!
Leaving soon ah why already :(
This! RT : #Funfact: Obama did not kill Bin Laden, our military did.
I don't know why, but, omg, i love you so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so much {<U+2665>}
#SOTU No turning back. Move forward and embrace change!
what is the deal with the callers today? I'd it cuz its Friday? Must be
Whats good Cleveland?
Hahaha yes, whatever happens, happens. I'll be happy either way! #RealizedThat lol
It's amazing how looming deadlines focus the mind. (Things I learned from my former life as a journalist, part eleventy.)
everyday im shufflin' :D
oh shit, that's cool lol. I'm fuckin jealous right now!!! Is the weather heavenly?
right like who says that lol
they really make it difficult to cut in line at drive-thrus
My head hurt again
Manrique_MMA thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
How many more football players have to kill themselves and how many more children have to suffer avoidable injury be 4 we fix the problem?
RT ": Randy Wells has allowed 6 earned runs through 4 innings today at Iowa. Man has he fallen apart."
A special thank you to Molly Schrauner for believing in our vision. Thank you for your generous contribution, Molly!
preciate it sweetie
do you have any "uncles" that aren't actually related to you? like your dad's best friend, but you view him as family?
++|~__ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
#marchmadness! Join us on the patio this evening and watch the Ohio State Buckeyes takes on the Kansas Jayhawks!
Come on #Bulls!!
#ShittyRapperNames whatever Mos Def's new name is. why did he have to change it?
What's everyone up to this holiday weekend?
despite whatever it is your going through, God can and will bless you with strength and peace to get thru it.. believe it
real bitches wash dishes
heading to crafty ladies beer club at highland tap and burger! putting together a story on it for this Saturday
Just watched some of your videos on youtube for the first time your a great singer <3
I keep getting the hiccups and every time I get up to get a drink of water they go away. I wish my body would stop playing tricks on me...
Big booty Judy
I wear 4 wigs and 5 weaves?
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit, wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Chillen at the studio. What's up yo?
So, favorite quote from informal student assessments: "What this class has taught me more than anything is that I do not know everything"
boi get out of here wit dat..dis is nt turtle time..oh i guess dats y u movin slow
and who cares about your Twitter
Respect music it saves lives
RT : Tickets for Pres. Obama visit to UR available 3-6 pm Thurs. Sept 8 at Modlin Center on campus. First come first serve.
recommended your book to an over 50 lady who is - still - confused. :)
What are you doing in Syracuse Monday?!? Of course you can see me:)
very inspiring... Thanks for sharing this quote :-)
Want products sold overseas but can't get them shipped? can help. Now time for my #BranstonPickle fix from UK!
One taste of "Mad Men" on Netflix instant play; feel like our grandmas did back when doctors handed out fistfuls of speed for weight loss.
just for that awesome tip-- Boom, 2 stars for you, just named. How's that feel? I know how, it feels awesome, that's how
you home?
I m really sad :(
welcome back!
All right American Words exam. Let's do this.
OK - I think you there's one posted there now.
Celts have won 11 straight home games and 17 of their last 18 in Boston. Their only loss in 2 months was by 1 point to the Spurs
I love sports trash talk. But it's even better when women get into it.
this is so true it's ridiculous. great call.
And I'm clearly so distraught I completely butchered what I was trying to say. Lol
I don't mean absolutely no snow, I mean just none in the valley. Leave in mountains where it belongs.
Does Anyone Know of a School in Southern California that Would Let Us Shoot a Music Video There? Let Us Know!
That awkward moment when your working on your British accent in public..
Hello Orlando :) I missed you!
Thanks and follow as well!
#WeLoveYou #Realtor #Associate Of The #Year!
Hoping for some artisanal balsamics this rainy weekend...
Open early, ready for you, and your holiday shopping. Remember everything is 10-20% OFF. Dbl Punch Drink of the day is our Caramel Latte.
morning Alex
Does anyone know why Fincher started off "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo" with what looks like a rejected Stabbing Westward video?
Headed to #Madtown !! State St tonight will be crazy!
Wth happened to the sun?
RT I can't seem to exercise. It's like i don't have energy. Fuck
oh Twitter lol
what is the biggest stereotype being Persian that you battle everyday?
And they said we were gonna get swept? Lol
Yes. This was good news. :-)
Any data librarians, digital archivists, LIS students etc at #dhsi2011? Interested to meet, discuss sessions & DH topics?
Vector Signal Image Processing Library; Open Architecture Radar Interface Specifications Initiated by OMG Members
For U old timers, Four Freshmen Five Trombones gig today. I've the bass chair & Conrad Herwig is 1 of the bones. Tonesmen full circle.
Paterson: You can't run from race, it's the elephant in the room. People are desperate for the conversation
Back in prov...bc chillin with that dudes
best to you bro, injuries suck. Warriors like you built from the ground up aren't phased, got your back. Heal up soon
yes!!! They can win this game!
I am lol
for me to complain in the mornings about being so tired, sure knows how to prevent it from even happening in the 1st place... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
#sljsummit10 Cator Research& dev't needed: Focus on access, policies related to student-owned devices; transition from print 2 digital;
RT : Have you tried Newsie? Another Google Reader app for the iPhone. Really nice app.
Bur. That is cold! I'm in Houston. It's currently 79 degrees with clear skies. Today's forecast calls for a high of 88.
im sorry that happened to you, to be honest i kinda expected them to be really shallow . /:
turn up the ac while I'm at it to give it that bone chilling wet cold
Tonight is awesome
Thank you!
churros date when you get back from Paris? :)
yeah It's gonna all be okay. At least I hope.
bianca is crazy
hey its nice and quiet here in D town ;-) where are you at?
!!! RT : Crawfish Shack with , Adrian, Matteo and D. ... Finally!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
If thats all it takes, then I'm hiring a maid..lol
likewise! And have a great weekend!
#LegalizeGayMarriage- everyone should have the right or at least the ability to be miserable. 2012, i think its time america
My skin crawls when people refer to their work as something they "own" or "manage". I'm a custodian, caregiver, janitor; not a dictator.
Threshold Pharmaceuticals Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial and Operational Results
saw that interview of you speakin on ur tatts.not much into stars but you had a good reason to get that. keep up the goodwrk yo.
that's interesting, what was the dream?
Supporting my besties at their last choir concert!
enjoying this panel!
awesome job Gannon!
keep your prejudice, we need solutions
To name the mystery without will kill that mystery within.
I think it would survive. Whole Foods does great here.
yeah it's good to dream alittle bit or alot!!!
Count down to PAX - 4 days to go! Can't wait!
by myself and we go to the Poughkeepsie date to see Martin and Dorito! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Scott Walker, you now need to create 12,500 jobs each day to reach your goal of 250K before the end of your term on June 5.
I don't even know her twitter name lol text it to me
Prepping online class w twitter/blackboard/adobe connect as principle tools 4 engagement. Suggestions?
Interested in knowing more about the science, for curiosity, not dietary reasons. Cn't do tetrapods & wldn't give up legumes.
Credit card companies charging you - IF you pay off your balance every month! You kidding me? It's happening..what do you think about that?
Some of our folks are from the Chicago area ( & her hubby). You're working w/ great peeps. #theatrejealousy ps Nice website!
the picture, you mean? yes...you're looking like a BOSS!!!! hahahaha
Revising, so mostly my recent ones are either new, or recast. That last is new.
OMGee such emotion #CelebApprentice Can feel your pain Dicko
4 prospectus hearings in roughly 24 hrs seemed like a good idea, right up until i had to set my alarm last night
already pondering a road trip for an outstanding in the field dinner. tickets on sale soon, and i'm daydreaming of the berkshires.
That text completed my night<3 R U F U S
Time to eat sushi.
why am I all by myself in the picture on the card you sent ???
Funny how "Divide and Conquer" fits so PERFECTLY with this "boycotting the ballot" ... try, just ONCE to see the BIG PICTURE for God's Sake!
i just got out of oral surgery and the 1 thing that would make me feel better is if u followed me
Revenge is sweetest joy next to getting pussy »»RT : i aint no killer but dont push me .
Success is going from failure to failure without a loss of enthusiam.-Winston Churchill
omg, the other day 'Boyfriend' came on the radio so I lifted my snuggie and was like 'IM DANCING WITH JUJU!'
omg woman you had me thinking he died or something :( Cole is hot enough to puppy sit haha I didn't know you were in FL.
Thank you for the mention! Hope you had a great weekend!
9pm ? And at Milford high school ?
Lost 1/3 of my stack in 2 hands 1 cooler 1 I turn a set and a guy calls turn bet w bottom pair and 2 hi fd oop and bangs river chk chk
Gaby with a walk off Win! At least one of my teams one today!
Q6 Twitter, blogs, free webinars, and my love/hate relationships with listservs (mostly hate).
no why lol?
ORCID disambiguation will mean establishing "same as" relationships b/t records: not actual merging.
yes love it!! i would like to post it on my blog... please email the recipe at can't wait to try them!
This nigga needs one of these racket hoes to holla at him.. cuz these tweets are getting out of control
Hey , just started working on the RemoteResear.ch site fixes...hope to get them done today!
I'm sure you will like Albuquerque! If you want ideas on what to do, let me know
Lol what's good?
ggp = Golden Gate Park. :)
these pretzels are making me thirsty
thank you
I need to go home.
I will be there 4-cl....presents?
yea it is better
that's right..
yes I do. Hahaha, ironic.
Thank you for the email Its inspiring to hear from those I look up to! Any advice for an aspiring singer? Moving to Nash this Fall
Storyboards over, and I have some new art to do for Milwaukee Opera Theatre Co.
thanks stasia. Love and miss you. <3
Thr House of Israel is fasting today, 10th of Tevet, till sunset. Nebuchadnezzar laid siege to Jerusalem in 425 BCE, leading to destruction.
ok...i'm only doing 1 #FF today...follow for the best deals for you grill/dinner table!!!
NY Fashion Week tonight! Great SS 12 Collection- intelligent progression of color, texture, detail. He should start a home line
The sun goes down. The stars come out.
just had a great audition and is feeling fine! Excited about my show tonight at the Spotlight Comedy Club! 7:30pm! Hope you can join me!
Swisher ure killing me
What a bummer North Carolina
Found hiker thanks crews and tells KATU he's thankful to be alive. admits to several mistakes. Hiking alone, no compass, going off trail.
that shits real .
“: Roenicke: we feel like we have a very good chance to win the division this year.”
NWEA testing is so dumb its pointless why do they act like this shit matters
Working again from Dilworth Coffee. Love these guys!
I played terrible golf today but it was a blast...Congrats to for a monster day on the course..thanks to for host
RT : this is nothing but a stall tactic by GOP. Trying to get to end of session w/o vote.
With the crazy week. I'm just reading about at the Tour of the Gila. You can do this, buddy!
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW!!
My next paycheck I'm buying a shit load mac makeup.
“A Sunday well-spent brings a week of content.” Proverb quotes Have a restful and joyous Sunday--
J.R. Smith is on fire!!
RT : is rocking her Facebook presentation! #rwnc PURE RELEVANT USEFUL AWESOMNESS
Man that looks like some great food you have down there in Fla. Now I really want to move there.
Don't criticize what you don't understand.
I think I got more tan(; Went to the Palms with Zack and Ryan. missed out on all the fun smh(:
hey What up homie, checked out your stuff, def gon work!
Hands on the wheel . Uh uh fuck that.
I feel like I'm getting ready to go to the beach :)
It's a nice feeling when biffles inadvertently introduce you to another cool peep via Twitter. So funny.
scary to write back to an external committee member you're just getting to know. i worry about sounding like i don't know what i'm doing.
Dear teacher, what is the square root of pie square? Sincerely, I thought I had yo ass.
Thanks for the links and the notes!
Thank you and right back at you!
fun wedding minus the awkwardness my x brought with her
Rt if u have a blackberry
7 day C-mas count down......
if the car didn't have spinners it wasn't me
There's a damn #Millermoth in my bedroom. And I lost it. Dammit.
are you ready? Tonight we are coming and invading your bar. It will be large.
Now that Peyton Manning has signed with the Broncos...where will Tim Tebow end up? Jets? Packers? Jags?
#10FactsAboutMe 3: My favorite subjects in school are probably math & reading. I love my I.S teacher..math teacher..not so much..
ha! That's why it's awesome
I'm already ready for next weekend ..
Facebook is so annoying ughh
i will do unforgivable things if you follow me on instragram. Same as the twitter name.
GOTTA LOVE ME!! ...In other words, nah, seems fine to me.
you sure you wouldn't rather work in the office down the hall....instagramming conference rooms or something? :)
"American Amaranth", the novel, written to honor all Americans, civilian,soldier, native, foreign-born alike,who believe in FREEDOM.
no only a page :(
For the holiday's we're offering a #free web site design to a local #MKE business. From start to finish, no-charge! Interested?
Scientist Says Salmon Farms Pose “Little Environmental Risk”
We should've watched that! Lol
#autism, I cried when I left I just felt very sad
Soups of the Day: Chicken Pastina...Tortellini bro do...ravioli Florentine...Beef Barley...Tomato Basil Ravioli...Minestrone...Yummy
I wonder if José Baez will become George Zimmerman's attorney.
Best night of the year already
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 47F PARTLY CLOUDY
tested for a series reg on there haven't booked anything (yet) ha optimistic:)thanks!
Jinxes. RT: early entries do not help your chances, people. But I love your passion
Actually watching soccer. Man. U vs Everton. Everton just scored twice to tie it at 4. Exciting match. 85 min mark.
Threw away all her stuff
Yeah and UConn isn't very private about wanting to join ACC with ND. What a bombshell...
Watching drama unfold via as police forces seem to close in
he doesn't even try. How does he do it?
Santiago means alot to me i'll do whatever it takes to make a homie happy :/
And the long night of volleyball begins <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
"Last of the Mohicans" @ UCLA Bridges Theater April 30, 8pm - Q&A w/ Cinematographer In Resident 2012 Dante Spinotti
wedding reception.
After a long day of school, its chill time. Reading the hunger games & jamming outC:
WEDNESDAY on METROWATCH: Victoria White of the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation discusses the organization's Emerging Leaders Series.
My hands finally got to twitter and I found so many mentions.Thank you awesome ISF family!!!!I love you
I'm hungry what should I eat
True>>>>RT : Twitter = Biggest distraction for any student
Cupcake heaven? MT Enjoy our mango-chile buttercream tops a fresh lime & coconut cupcake with just a bit of candied lime zest.
TY : Some people love to help people! Thanks Must #follow!
I admire him so much...
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah 1
#Luvv RT": YOU SNOOZE..YOU MUTHA-FREAKIN LOSE!!..WAIT AROUND 4 YA DREAM IF U WANT 2!!..:) NEVA WAIT! GO GO GO GET IT BOO! #BEGREAT!:)"
Mad Men is awesome show. Loved it from first episode
": I legit need a single girl in my life. Straight boys legit only think with their dicks."hi, i'm single!
Don't just tell me u wanna hangout more, just do it^_^ pick me up and lets kick it
In 1995, Hiroyoki Gotu memorized 42,195 places of pi and is considered the current pi champion.
This weekend made me realize that I can no longer drink three nights in a row...oh well
Test, is this thing on?
Guess he is bi-position, good with either way. RT : Isn't funny that Obama can't commit to one position on gay marriage?
I hope the WH tells us who won! RT Obama played hoops today with George Clooney and Tobey Maguire.
Ready for #slnsolsummit in Manhattan. Today is also tweet up for #vwbpe conference next week and mooc
hahaha already ahead of you
Love u babe but I dnt care to hear what ur sayin right now.. It sounds like the teacher from peanuts
Cousins on the loose
Thanks a ton for following
it was nice waking up at 3:30
It's fake?
Seattle Family mourns teen who died after inhaling helium via Amy Robertson
Last time I was on jury duty, I became good friends with a fellow juror, head writer for Days of Our Lives. Counted it a win.
Getting ready for a great class tonight with the new 201 coaches!
tonight is gonna be crazy! dont miss out on special guests and great music we have celebrities on deck reply for guestlist!!!!!
Trusting people these days is just not that easy.
Uh, and 2012.
I'm already ready for basketball season...
Looking for partners to help setup financial literacy mentor training program... please RT!! havensource.org
lmao that made me homesick a little
Good Game
The current economic stimulus packages are being to invest in the modernizationand redseign of their lighting systems.giving LED extra push.
Thanks for being my walk to work buddy this morning!
Yes! It will be so great to see you.
the 3 things i hate most a liar a thief and a cheater
Just took a cactus to the leg...
I it true the training camp will be held at California for 3 years?! :(
Launching our new drink list tonight! Try them all for $1 off tonight, and every Thursday!!!
These cats be ”Swagger Jackin”!!!! Sorry play Boi but u can't replicate real!!!
So he cheers me up by asking about sex....what a bud lol
Just finished the day looking for new employment..man, it's a lot of work to find work..forgot how much time it takes!
Michalko summary: tension of retaining scholarly record, preservation, global studies, etc but nit EVERYONE needs to do it
Way to go Joe! Did you see Biden as he slams FlipFlop Mitt for being a flip flopper?
Wade phillips fired as dallas head coach!
Sorry if you did not like my condensed version... Not here to offend... God Bless!
Guess what? No matter how hot she is, someone somewhere is tired of her craP!
shouldn't it be renamed the "Leaders" Golf Outing?
You should tell them your right to not be tortured is being violated.
Those following make the switch over to for the finish of PPU vs Corban.
#TGIF ! We made it thru another 5days in this work cycle.
Bocce games are still on in federal hill tonight. I will let everyone know if that changes..
uh yep!
Hopefully my mom says yes for tomorrow.
whatever floats your boat! (':
Having a late dinner (salamon of course) with favor gal pals Yolanda Caraway and Donna Brazile. Great food, great convo...nothing like it
It's DEAD week soon! Not ready to study for finals :/
Fan fridays coming soon to reecee's cafe four course meal $25 byob
Good seeing you last week! Looking fwd to connecting. Any chance u could put me in touch with Tom RE NY Ave Beach Bar?
I wanna leave my footprints on the sands of time.
“: Diiirrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrk and 1! Back to back 3 point plays for !!!!”
or it come out both ways lol dont want that to happen hahaha!!!^_^
DHEALTH The longer a person has diabetes, the higher their risk of stroke, according to new research. Duh, once you have diabetes you ha ...
I need water ASAP :)
hey justin wats up
YOUR JOKING.
I'll call you later what's a good time
Stand still and see the salvation of the Lord.
"Some eighteen months ago I travelled to a mystical time zone And I missed my bed And I soon came home"
Classic wedding song!
ask me about my wiener.
Internal Birth Control (IUDs)
Just jumped a long time brick wall! Found the location of my wife's maternal great-grandfather's 1900 grave in the DC area.
nice job getting the word out about #SWMilwaukee!
C A
Ah hello sister, you don't wanna talk to me? “: u fit that description well bro”
Last week you said fifty now you want 150 WTF
Checkout New Songs Available on Itunes, Amazon.......
Checking out Scope Art Fair. Not that crowded right now.
Devote today to something so daring even you can't believe you're doing it. ~ Oprah Winfrey
I had mcdonalds with a coke
I'm in such good company! Printed this out last month and it's sitting on my desk in a prominent spot so I can read and re-read...
No worries!
2.75 hours of constant barking! Police say they can't do anything even though muni code on books. Going to chat w/new chief on Monday.
Breaking News: New exotic furnishings and accents have just arrived. New ways to make your house a home. Stop by today.
beautiful 3.5 mile run before 5:30 am on lakefront & didn't see another runner, get out and get active milwaukee!
GM tweets....time for that french vanilla coffee!
I TOTALLY called sheer lace sleeves on the dress. I'm all over this royal dress selection.
sounds dope!...I haven't hit the crib yet but imma head str8 to the studio...so make that one, FOURFIFTEEN n THREE downloadable
"You can use as many accounts as you'd like or compile your personal account with business"
I was wondering what happened to the real deal.
Woohoo!! We are on the front page today on --stop by and get you some awesome music from lots of amazing artists :)
15 members in the Neil Diamond band. 15 outfits that appear to incorporate black sequins.
yeah girl im juss now leaving my room, rr yhu there?
Great to see you! Hope you had a good con. :)
Dear students, we know when you're texting. No one randomly looks at their crotch and smiles. Sincerely, annoyed teacher.
Attitude reflects leadership!
I got in!!!:-) wahshu brown school here I come!!:-)
thanks for the link to the math textbook community. still trying to find the motivation to begin working again...
IM SORRY! SKYPE ME SOON!
sprintxo is our current best code for 30% off
Don't confuse bad credit w/buying a home complex. Once U understand the process, most situations are really simple. www.HelpingPeopleBuy.com
never mess with a guy named Guy
YOU CAN WORK FOR US FROM WHERE UR and get paid 5 to 10, 000 a monthly P IMAGE P DON MEGA PRODUCTIONS
you should then text him while he's standing there and tell him to check his phone for messages.
We use Twitter to post updates/factoids from lectures & gallery talks, & let followers know the hashtag. People respond well...
Idk what she talkin about im lost she more emotional than she use to be
welcome to my life.... especially with my new job....
Midlakes Basketball: Always nice to see at practice. Looking forward to the story!
I leave my house with my hair looking awesome then come home with it hideous. I HATE HAIR
I'm going to need a bigger home for that movie.
Coach k changing his flight, that's logistics!
and the "off" switch was nowhere in sight, Beast mode (on)off
It's amazing how much work I can accomplish with no meetings and a shut door. To-do list is cut in half. Beeeeyah!
Lay wit dogs, wake up wit flees
Hope everyone is having a wonderful weekend!
“: Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm drinking Four Loko, and you should too!”
#Ivan lets hit these chikas up
If you can't get you no old school don't go fucking with mine.
Thanks! I hadn't thought about it, but sounds like a good idea. Thoughts on people you think I should speak with?
So happy to share with you on twitter! Thanks for following!
Jets Sign Matt Simms to Free-Agent Deal After Mini-Camp Tryout - BusinessWeek
#phew never mind! I think I have a new neighbour!:D but not too happy with that baby?:/ #JesusImTrynaStudyHere shutup?
fascinating...putin sworn in today and sarkozy loses. the world in politics...!
lmao aw thank you:D
There's a party in my tummy! So yummy so yummy LOL
Goin for Mine$..
I got you!! Under the matt now.
??!Our hideous paper towels carry gardening propaganda:"you can bury a lot of troubles digging in the dirt"" friends are flowers"ugh
Everytime I listen to this song I turn the bass all the way up.
what is www.ebookviralincome.com? How do you do online marketing in other countrys can you translate you site?
k were down.
Vote Republican, they have their priorities in order. Dogs, porn, and birth control.
Old women having sex toy parties at IU. I need names.
Office life sucks on days like this....i wish I was outside
Interesting issue. I would love to know statistically how effective Twitter and FB are for generating real business.
you are my diners drive ins and dives <3
It's gettin all Dave Von Ronk up in here
AQLV very nice no wonder we are the #1 chatroom for real traders and investors
lmao well when we take our vacation to Cali you better be ready! Shits gonna be crazy :p
If you also visit our new St. Rose/Eastern location, it's free med hot/iced coffee for all! No purchase necessary!
You will do what I want, even if I have to manipulate you <3 all girls in the world
have had this sentiment since ARod became Yank: why, every step+every move, does he look like he is trying to be cool?
I better get suspended.!
First run done five days post-marathon. Feels good to move the legs.
Attending Mother's Day Brunch. Looking forward to it!
Thank you for following Eye Tech Training- It's always great to meet other ophthalmic techs! Good luck to you!
how about badges? #privacysummit : As a consumer, would like a 3 word tag line for privacy policies, like Creative Commons
"Man you thought I was the 770s? 404s? I'm worldwide b%$&# act like ya'll don't know. I'm the abominable ho-man."
and my name
be strong. i'd love to give you a helpful tip but I fail just as hard. Except with the pants, i have on pants.
same to you <3
dont ask me how my day was b/c i dont want 2 talk about it
are you good at finding out what hotel One Direction is staying at and for how long?
Biz model innovation discussions w/itl sustainability that builds communities fast. Cc:
As the name implies, there are only two potential outcomes in a binary options trade – win or lose
AT&T Gets a MiFi To Call Its Own
Happy Mothers Day from all of us at
I SWEAR... I'M GOING MIA FROM EVERYONE. CAN'T TAKE THE PRESSURE. DUECES. <U+E011>
Home care does away with the #trauma of having to shift, and become accustomed to a new and alien environment
It's not Enough to be Good enough, Always remember that <3 Chris
Everyday is a new day to make things happen. Make today your day!
REAL SHYT!!!!!": GUYS, do not verbally, physically or emotionally ABUSE a woman. She does not deserve that!"
Scarlett Johansson was fantastic as the Black Widow in The Avengers. Have you seen The Avengers yet? What did you think of it?
Congratulations! Good luck! I'm sure you'll blow the competition away!
how are u on this lovely night?
The mind is full of pointless repetition. It has been estimated that 90 percent of the thoughts anyone thinks on a given day are the same
Pshh iWish(; <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0083><U+26C4> RT : Why are you chewing gum in class?! Chill. It's gum. Not cocaine.
r u spinning for him
hm which part?
*heads towards woods, carrying extra coat. Rubs head, feeling a headache starting to build* not now.. *sighs, changes direction*
Y U NO FOLLOW?
2012 Phenom Camper ° Jr Phenom: Kawaiola Anderson °Rising 8th °Hilo, HI °Travel Team: Andrews Heat °Power Forward 5’6
Doc on Ray's status (): "I'm going to say yes, b/c I've said maybe the last two games, and that hasn't worked." (1 of 2)
chicken nuggets and tater tots with hot sauce! >:] yum
Whoo! I'll bring extra blankets!
can u call me right quick bfor ya lay it down?
we always do !
I bet the rain helps with the chaffing.
woohoo! Congrats to you. :)
RT "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama
of course you will :)
working..but it's a beautiful ass monday
It’s never the platform, it’s always the message. -
"Tumblr is ugly." "SHUT UP WEBSTER" I love tyler haynie dear god....
Happy Mothers Day to my followers who are mothers !!!!!!!
New phone just like my tmobile
you got a buzz yet, lol
LISTENING 2 THE PPL TALKIN AT GREGORY'S FUNERAL JUST MAKE MI SICK 2 MY RASS STOMACH THANK U CASTRO BROWN FOR BEING SO FU# REAL MI KING
I've been reading some comments online; I think Gus replayed his convo with Jesse and realized something wasn't right
WHO STILL OPENS GIFTS ON CHRISTMAS MORNING ANYWAYS???
are you serious...
Guys in their 40s should not call each other 'dawg'
Haha That's a good one.
"Class" knows good manners = small sacrifices + minor inconveniences.
Where do you prefer to workout? At the gym? Outside? At home? In a class? What's your favorite?
what does
(This duck couple is just standing in the rain. But do I know exactly what's running through their minds?)
. already read and retweeted! :)
Looking for ways to enhance your social media platforms - ask us what we can do for you! www.rubymarketinggroup.com
No doubt, Canadian players are some of the best, but there is something about European players that leave you speechless
crappy weather? im looking at 64 degrees and sunny right now, i dont know what you're talking about.
I'm really psyched to have my author signing table on Thursday. (Day before my b-day!)
Are you sure?
I'm so glad I still have the people in my life that are always here for me. The ones that have been here for me since the beginning.<3
This cool kid here is smoking a cigarette before school.
no big deal if you don't have them. I was just hoping one of you did.
Hands folded lip tapping is the passive-aggressive intellectualized version of non-applause.
Happy Bday to me eventhough it was spent thanks for all the bday wishes
Happy Birthday! ;)
what are you up to anyway
can you believe I still have not watched that movie ha ha
Is it bad that I'm on at the hospital? I mean make each moment count right?
Will be showing with Portland Gay Mens Chorus June
I'll just watch this Jazz show<3
How did you enjoy your brunch? What did you have? RT Brunch with the husband
thank the lord we aren't having a boy; the name T-Plush was actually on the table...
Kinda like listening to sad music. Puts me to sleep.
Delicious juice with fruit and veggies.
I'm sure I will.. But I don't want to come here and be depresed.
great to be there! #TLLIVE was a great day!
": May 5th Plies Performing Live in St Louis"
holy cow, I don't care who you are, that had to hurt. Neat though
Sorry to hear about your father. Sending thoughts, prayers and a cyber hug your way.
“: You know why it's hard to be happy? Because you find it hard to let go of the things that make you sad.”
Thanks for kickin my Tuesday blues ;) Lunch is always freshly delicious and the people make it even better!
way to make it sound like he's in prison.
I love strippers
RT : I think I'm one of a small group of people that has never seen Modern Family...ah! Such a good show!
Congrats big time rush, you are the gayest boy band on the planet
I see you tweeting <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I'm going to try: ebook whenever possible for purchases, and if only in print then request if from the library
Oh god, now me ad Mikie sit next to eachother in 5th hour.
“: Million-dollar idea: A resealable aluminum bottle! --Million Dollar Idea? MillerCoors has been doing it for years. Who Reseals?
thanks, Bonnie ! Appreciate the support:)
What a night for the #Dodgers today<3 With a win 7-3 :D
If happy ever after did exist, i would still be holding you like this.
It appears no one is catching the Colts for the # 1 pick now. But will Luck come out or not? Arguments could be made for both ways..
i still dont have an answer
Did you receive your TLA 2012/2013 ballot in the mail recently? Let your voting voice be heard - ballots must be in the mail by Monday.
Thank you Tina! We have very high expectations to live up to. And quite frankly, we deserve to. But, I'm confident we'll deliver.
Watching Gargoyles, one of my favorite cartoons as a kid :) Brings back memories!
hi jerk :p
New Episode of Haters for Hire Podcast: Erik Tait (). This is as close as I will ever come to having Gob Bluth on my podcast
m ok so where u from ?
Any good ideas for the first ever Mission Monday? Facebook.com/thecrazyjumpingfox
Dolphins PR man and Steinbrenner insider Harvey Greene up next!
No. I'm also a struggling artist. (meaning I'm not very good)
excellent but it's ;)
whats good this week? Chubbys Cheese Steaks has a gyro and fries for just $5.99!
Congratulations to our Christel House Champions for winning the ACE Philanthropic Award at ARDA!!
RT : Ladies:: Be selective..Finding Mr right is like finding good shoes..The 2 gotta match &amp; they MUST FIT!
I'm only at 164 now. I still have a ways to go.
Happy V- Day!<3 Give a stranger a smile or kind word today. Everyone could use a little love & we make it so much harder than it has to be;)
I have resumed reading A Clash of Kings. The book is way better than the show.
Gonna be a great day for #MHCCIM, in the house!!
Haters. I like the dress.
thank you for sharing! It was fun to see you!
Did you see the "Avengers" raked in over $200 million in the US, funny when I see The Avengers I think of Mrs Peel and John Steed, You?
Read my story on the San Antonio Scorpions FC soccer team in the April issue of San Antonio Magazine.
#FridayReads: Mockingjay...I have to say the entire #HungerGames series was surprisingly phenomenal.
Beautiful birdie by after a nice chip onto the green on the 15th
Dem pundits better get churches on Sunday 2 mitigate what some AA preachers r gonna say. Let's just b honest.
put a whole bag of ice on top!
i love this girl maryui , honestly she is amazing.. i fucking love her.<U+2665>
For a business card, Researcher / Urban Culture Research Center (no hyphen) / Osaka City University should be separate lines.
My last night single. Now I just need to find a date.
I feel so cool subtweeting o:)
That commercial is too legit.
Congrats and Texans. First ever playoff win
have fun (:
if charmers shooting its pose to be cuz he got a good look off LeBron or Wade penetrating..not that shot
exactly how I'm drinking it now :D
thanks for following us. Hope you can make it to our event to benefit those in #Haiti on Saturday!
I got MAD respect for a nigga when he in a relationship & claim whts his...
omg I can't wait :D
My parents are the most boring people I've ever met.
i dig dat joint..we gotta talk soon..
dominic's at 4 but Danny's at 1.. Remember my winterball dress? I wanna wear it lmao
Who knew there were so many sundress diaster stories...
Good luck
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!!!
Holy hangover <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
I'm going to try & find the cutest perfect dress for me :I mhm.
We might not have seen a bear, but we did see a Super Moon.
you are so cute <3
I'm drinking that Icelandic water this morning and it is delicious. Haha
got 2 small grey female crewneck sweaters left, a med. black hoodie $25 hit me
attack on pearl harbor
Five #FloridaBred s ran 2nd in graded stakes Saturday. So close to a big weekend for
Car2Go is officially part of the SD traffic culture. This afternoon I saw Car2Go driver, on I-15, talking on his cell.
Delay on the mixtape, but it's coming soon!! Let's get it TFPG!!!
"I sang in the choir for years, even though my family belonged to another church."
bologna! I dont see you!
Thanks for helping us get the word out!
Aww, that's so great that the family got their records back.
far too long! My skin needs some Clarisonic love so it doesn't take so long to put on makeup!
Thanks for hanging out.
Time for a manly beer.
Greinke & Gonzalez add 16 million to this years payroll.... 16 MILLION!? Having those 2 guys allow you to take bumps with the young guys..
Happy #Friday y'all even though it's only "Thursday" for me. But I'll be off Sunday and Monday.
I want purple eyeshadow .
no - i'm glued now though " so did you just see the party of folks that ran out, jumped in the air & ran back?"
nope u wont u will b to busy tryign to save the cookie >:)
If you ran a hotel, wouldn't you make sure staff mbrs were responsible, in an evacuation, for speaking w guests outside?
wilbon is right Knicks are done
Bottom line.I can't refute what I,Myself so clearly See,feel,hear going on around me. J.M.O..
This place is like bartertown without the mutants
Well Facebook is going public this week so the little bit of "privacy"that we did have will be gone. I'm really not feeling that smh...
lol enjoys her job too much btw :-)
so like, my desire to share my twitter name with my current students is not totally whack?
.... as the Flyers open up their series against the Devils this afternoon; we must not lose
Big Brodus Clay has more rhythm than me...that's fucked up
sad, hope they can figure it out soon.
Still working on The Family Family Fish Farms Network please follow us at
If there's no house boat or mountainside cabin in my future there's no point in going on anyway.
QoTD: "You can't win unless you learn how to lose." (Kareem Abdul Jabbar)
Happy Birthday to my brother finally legal.!!!
I don't kno my boo feel asleep on me for the second time when we were pose to talk but idk
ahaha! I bet you could have! :]
followback nice site.
So sorry! Enjoyed reading your take on the media. A great loss to the profession.
this is just the beginning...
This has been one fabulous Friday the 13th. Which is ironic since I have such terrible luck.
"The way to succeed is to double your error rate." -- Thomas J. Watson
We're glad to hear you are enjoying the award winning Wishing you a smooth flight.
RT : will preso- Soho Seminar Chicago:Co-Aligning The Corp & Personal Brand, March 4-5 featuring Brogan & Schwabel
Aw, Minneapolis is gonna miss you! Looking forward to following your Hollywood antics and adventures, though. :)
Taught the babby to say "Aww Crackers!" :F
Making breakthroughs for the planning of a new project.
Thanks for the RT!
Holy shit, where did all of these people come from? And why are they so pasty white? Did World of Warcraft have an outage today?
Hahahah This guy was a dope head that was a musical genius ?
You dont know your beautiful<3
I need creep repellent.
Then as the question!!?!?!?! Duh
Go Follow --> # PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister :)
i wanna go in your...kitchen....to lick that....icecream,
also and many more go on craigslist. Get tix for like 25
Spring Cleaning ..
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it. Winston Churchill
please follow everyone!
thank you! I've learned from the best. I love you :-)
I-O GO BUCKS
thanks so much for that. must get down to the market myself
Why do I struggle with self discipline so much...fuck.
San Antonio will always be his home! <3
I was very ambitious about achieving goals until I learned you can just go to bars and lie to people. RT
If there was ever a time for the PP to wake up...
Advice for new med librarians from #Informationist: be well read in current med areas, know the big questions, know evidence based medicine.
Hope u have a chance to check out & dig you some Secret Skwirl. Best & success.
of other Yankees stuff and for hooked. When I was 5 I wasn't checking the standings on a daily basis to see how good they
#describeyoursexlifewithavideogametitle Duck Hunt
HELL YEAH WE ARE!
Reminder - Twitter Q&A tonight at 8pm EST - use #locksmart with
Dang the last episode of #thewalkingdead season 2 almost gave me a heart attack. Whew... I'm gonna go do some yoga.
pancakes. free, pancakes.
Car Crafters offers our customers pick-up and drop-off service anywhere in Albuquerque.
Thanks for the RT guys! Appreciate it :D
Got no drink in my hand but I'm wasted, getting drunk of the thought of you naked.
you're an inspiration idol and all around badass!
Walk-off home run sinks Rangers
Audacia how can we get added to yahoo group to start convo? I wanna see #sexwork activists @ conf in numbers!
Maddie shout out to well its just in the name and she follows back
Hey #RObotz! what are you all up too? (:
Yo major shout out to team Thorobread Ent. all day Since 88!!!!
Just picked up my first library holds with my new last name... totally went to where my old last name was shelved first... :)
- yup, Miguel's 18...heaven help us!
#paycon bound with and many more. Can't wait to see everyone!
It's Friday, and the new SPECIALS are up!! What? You haven't gone to the website yet? DUDE. Go now!
God loves you. Love him back! :-)
Your move, Dropbox. I want to stay but Google's price is tempting.
Welcome to all of out new AU Ambassadors! We are excited to have you in the program! #New Ambassadors; #American University
can I lite the candles and press play 4 u
haha like bottle service with sparklers but cheaper
The community management panel at consoles with starts off great, you can still make it
Looking forward to our conference call with . Always a pleasure.
I got a D+! I'm gonna graduate!
yes:( so bad!
your missing the problem I keep trying to workout but I keep laughing.
thanks for following me! hope you enjoy following me and my artwork!
walking to get a coffee - its so nice out!
Countdown to Dick Clark TV special begins....
December 14th at Salute! Entertainment industry, photographers, models and more. Check www.redcarpetconciergeofchicago.com
#kids Stars & Stripes: An American Story at Heinz History Center, Tue, May 15 10:00a: We pledge allegiance to it, we parade it, and we...
And welcome to the Spring 2012 Probie class!
hey when u tweet my send a txt to my bro and he will tell me because i have something to tell u ok.(//_')
esoeroticism in the midnight hour!
tune in tomorrow morning(9-11)to The Weekend Sports Buzz on 1450am with myself and as we discuss all the latest sporting news
Pieces Of Me (Imagination and Contemplation) Book I on KINDLE at www.amazon.com/dp/B005HL1GC8 Enjoy!!
the more I setup & use android the more I understand this fragmentation prob the tech journalists r talking about.
so proud of the way you played and represented UK! Thank you for bringing home
Tyrell, please pray for me. I am in Kansas with all these twisters!
Dreams are Trippy.
Should be ordering shirts and EP's this week. The EP release show later this year is going to be big. Please 'like' facebook.com/DrawOneCard
Wtf really? They're getting Panda knowing I'm not eating fast food! GOD DAMMIT GUYS! F you, and you and you and you and you. I'M OUT! <U+270C>
I feel like it's Sunday.. that's so sad..
Good Monday morning! What's your favorite Holiday recipe?
The Director's nightmare
Hilarious irony: In my timeline, this convo mixed with another TV writer linking to her "Spoiler Chat."
I would much rather be the puppet master than the puppet.
has a new toilet seat and doorbell. And then she found $10...for real.
A pole in the bedroom would be exciting...
sweatin' the kansas game at nba city in orlando, with & dev. #kubball is finally playing like they deserve a final four.
Community Managers- I'm looking for articles, pages or policies that explain how to choose to delete or not delete iffy fb posts. Thank you!
now follows because #blackWOMENrock!
Favorite new insult: Your favorite Beach Boy is probably Al Jardine!
we miss you BC “: “: Full house, #SoldOutSundays ”
"I am going to have a raging erection but I'm not going to whip it out in the theatre" - on Avengers
SF Symphony review: Baroque spirit soars - San Francisco Chronicle
You're awesome. Thanks for the RT!
To lose Is to learn. ~ Anon
#SMH who does that? Guess someone with no common sense, #justsayin!
#tdkr07202012 Love that one of the locations is Wrigley Field. Wish I could break away to take the pic.
CHALLENGE PREVIEW! Tomorrow you will get the chance to post pictures to win a Fit2Go tee! Stay tuned for the challenge alert tomorrow at...
we get so far away from it - as life goes on - we don't recognize it as anything other than something to avoid - :)
Say what you want about Mayweather but that man works his ass off.. Has every right to be cocky/confident.
OH MY GOD. JUST FOLLOW ME ALREADY.
A Comer :)
"Beautifully observed and rendered in a thoughtful, measured prose" our Allen B. Boyer's GUMSHOE GRANNY INVESTIGATES only $2.99 on
<U+0094>When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.<U+0094> --Henry J. Kaiser
#ConfessionTime I'm really picky and critical. Not towards people, just towards everything else.
hey cody can you please follow Me? 143!! u are awesome!!
Certainly not that he's a moron and only has predicted earthquakes because he predicts hundreds and has a low success rate. Couldn't be that
thanks for the update!
Lego day at my library, shoe shopping with , gluten free dinner, watching final four
Did your New Year's resolution have anything to do with your health? "Like" this post, if so...
Great performance on the catwalk
How I wish I was photogenic
Looking forward to a 3 day weekend!!
Yes! Are you going?
Lmao oh yeah smh -.- RT : lmao I told you he was my inspiration today!
got all the hoes on his page .. lmfao
Almost done with photo edits from the past 5 photo shoots I've done. Can't wait to schedule some more photo shoots.
tell us what you most want to know about the craft and business of acting. post your most most burning questions here--
agreed on achtung baby!
Congrats to client for being named to the NFL Pro Bowl representing the AFC!
Don't miss us this weekend at Oakland Art and Soul Festival, we're on the City Center stage from 4:15 to 5:30 on Sunday.
: Ha Ha Awesome!
Don't make me go, no, no, let me sleep, pleeeeasseee, just a few hours, need sleep.....
opens #launchfest pitches with an interesting application of the technology seen on new xbox; learning online just got schooled!
Huntsman: Caterpillar moved from Japan to Georgia. People now investing here
any good Reds journalists, pundits, experts to follow on Twitter?
When are you guys on ?
Everyone go follow on instagram! #Hurry <U+E106>
Same here. Our broadcast is about halfway through. I'm hoping the crowd boos Christina when it happens.
yes, is better to be skinny, everybody knows that
A day off tomorrow the first in 2012--maybe that is a sign that i should party tonight
Amazing how email makes my life both easier and harder at the same time. It's a paradox.
Making Harissa, hummus and serving various cheeses for the oscars. Stewie's already got his tux on
Just submitted my TEI votes! Inspiring candidates! Hard to choose!
got me 100+ followers in an hour wit these followers
May 4th - anniversary of 4 dead students in Ohio. #mnsu people check out the memorial in front of Morris.
Oh, gosh. Thank you Melinda! I'm so happy you enjoyed it! See you next year! (o:
good.... CONGRATS AGAIN!!!
yeah you did Moms and Pop dirty haha
What kind of fish are you going for?
#happyhour. I'm feeling it!
be careful, I got suspended yesterday for saying that...
I just finished a 2.68 mi run with a time of 31:21 with Nike+ GPS.
I can't stand it when people hold spoons like they're Oliver Twist eating porridge, please hold your spoon as you would a writing utensil
Writing this "Taxi Shit" shot list
Night RO! XO
Those are adorable!
you wanna talk shit..talk to my face..maybe get some facts first too
I've yet to see PBR in Rome let alone a PBR Brewery.And I'm from Milwaukee,I can spot a PBR from 10 miles.
red ring of death means you have to send it into Microsoft for repairs.
Man, I wished I would've took a picture of that man in his uniform.
40 days and 40 nights and it's still comin down on me...
Thank you to Commissioner Ed Davis and others for coming out to book signing last night to support the Boston PAL!
Calling it, the killer gets off due to unlawful entry.
Tyler Green: "the fault for the project’s demise goes to CICF, which has done the wrong thing at almost every opportunity."
Another kid who attacked the 17 year old asian man- DANNY HUI - dressed in all black and i dont know the camera person.
Can anyone complete the lyrics, "You're a grand old flag. You're a high flying flag and forever in peace...."
We just went tweet crazy there for a bit! We hope you still love us--we're just excited for the concerts this weekend!
Yes sir! Happy Birthday! RT : wait, is today your birthday, does my fav fantasy guru have the same bday as me? 13th?
hey it's ok. I'm praying for you! Everything will be ok
Thanks again foR all of the fun. Im on my way to australia now.
Airport closed due to thunderstorms.
Busy Friday in early Feb.! D3 Legal extends good luck wishes to G.M., C.H. & M.H., as well as, S.S., M.F., B.H. & L.H.!
ok, a few games
sillies. Still following
Not a bad day
Day three in the new digs and we're pinching ourselves. It's really smashing Hard to believe we started out in my apartment.
Well? I don't know about being sweet with a bod like that. You need to come to Baltimore and let me feast my eyes on you.
Sleeping on the couch tonight.
It feels weird that I'm going to be a sophomore in college next year. Freshman year went by so fucking fast.
I can't I have an early Drs app in the AM and pulled a calf at the gym and can barely stand. Next time tho.
maybe legends/throwback thriller?
Yes, yes, y'all. Another trip #AcrossTheUniverse with
Thinking of our many friends in Japan. So far everyone seems safe, but many people's families, and many businesses, have been impacted.
*sighs* typical bree...
being able to compute As to nat lang Qs in time to make use of that advantage is exactly what makes Watson impressive
#ThingsIDoWhenImDrunk: Send text messages that I immediately regret the next day.
same ol same ol nothing major
the horrible crowes album is amazing!
I am having a lot of trouble using #dipity today. Is there something not working today?
#LastTimeIChecked Ciroc stays in my system
OH MY GOD...Just found out Justin Bieber is on the Jimmy Kimmel taping I'm going to next week. AH
= my #sschat hero! You and are working hard on the chats even on your break! Girls after my own heart.
Like? I think I'm obsessed with it :) do you like it too?
GOIN TO SLEEP EARLY
shud we juss leave this class now???
The authors explained this finding as the better educated women having more liberal views on sexuality and being...
Reason #14 why so many changes fail - 3 common mistakes in communicating change
what's you're strategy around pinterest integration?
Meet me after the party is over & everyone around us is leavin & I want u to pull me in closer.
Naw, I was actually just about to post that ur show is where I'm gonna be Thurs! My last day of school is 2morrow. Im ready!!
Three movies left and all In 3D
Well, now I know it's really over. We're off the island.
Tomorrow evening and tu th most of the day
Check out our friends 4 more info on their bowling leagues! Their fall sched. should be up soon :) www.betteroffbowling.com
With the highest quality equipment and the most certified technicians, Car Crafters can take care of all your car maintenance needs
It makes me want to give MORE change to United Way. :)
": SHOUTS OUT 2 Chicago's Own " good looking out FamO
I'd rather write good songs than play bad shows. - Ray
you guys playing a show Tuesday?
Strip club idea: change the music to Neubauten & sit back to see the uneasiness.
a couple of dozen local directories actually pull from Axciom/UBL listings. As far as their consulting tactics idk
needs to shave my legs. itchy. bet you wanted to know that!
327 people that I follow are not following me. Follow me back or i will unfollow you!
It aint dirty! But when people use them, I pretend like a fool
I should send you some of my chocolate. I gots way too much.
is wishing a Happy 56th Birthday!!
What's wrong?
Hard at work on our #SavorSouthMad Scavenger Hunt! And looking forward to our presentation at the Undergraduate Symposium today
What's a Ped. Pal? Foot Scrubbys?? Where?? www.loofahsoapsncreations.com
answer #3 reggie bush..
Stoked about the network of Tweeters that I'm following. You are keeping my home page full of great info & inspiration. Keep it coming! :)
if you pump long enough, hard enough and enthusiastically enough, sooner or later the effort will bring forth the reward. - Zig Ziglar
Happy birthday Wishing you a wonderful birthday!
Tuesday Jam! Brewers-Cubs Battle. Join the Pub crew & get ill on the patio. $2 Schlitz tall-boys. $3 Powers shots. $5 tall Smirnoff drinks.
Great activity for whisky aficionados. Delicious! May the best bartender win!
#OriginalItalianPizzaSoup #ChickenNoodleSoup #ChickenMushroomRice #FrenchVegetableStew - The Chicago Soup Menu lineup for the week! Enjoy!
San Diego tonight @ U 31 w/ ! Fulerton Thursday w/ and !
I wonder If will EVER read this and follow me?!?! (: it's the question that will NEVER be answered...
Thanks to recent followers: , , ,
I got the internship go me ...go me....go me
Oh yum! Those look yummy!
Ha ha ha! I need someone to help with 3am diaper changes! ;-)
If you're not with me, than you're against me... Straight up... Im on my fuck it shit... Ya dig
#FF our designer crushes
Tankini? Security of a one piece but girly like a 2 piece, oh well next time.
Kevin Na at -12 for a 1 shot lead at The Players Championship...
Ah-ha! Good work Mr. Holmes. We should have known..
lmfao i was joking and OF COURSE youd have a pic of seaweed.
meet you at Terri's office tomorrow morning. Can you give me a ride back to the office after meeting?
Bought my son a turtle last night...... We'll see...Lol
Keep up the Great work Mary Peveto!
and jp willis was trying to make me ditch you all for a poker game. o.O I said I was team
Nice photo! Hope everything was great with your visit!
- right ! Mitt should be out riding a bike with a white shirt and tie and helmet, carrying the word of Mormon, - without his
Who is the best rock group of all time?
A nice long bath and a good book = the start to the perfect "me" weekend. :)
Anyone in Sac know a good spot to watch the fights?
Yeah me too - wish all the hustlers were still around to play lol
should be!! Gotta catch up soon!
#genomesolver #curenet in breakout session talking about virtual environments--mostly synchronous. folks still unhappy with the options.
Getting ready for a Saturday-worthy library session for the good folks in the SOC's grad weekend PC program. See you soon,
RT : I know cats as well!!
I'm walking in criss crosses
Maybe it was swept out to sea?
Great work Pittsburgh dancers!! So excited to watch everyone dance hard this weekend at Fire and Ice!!!
are you in Orlando today?
Looking at rosters in 2010 SUPERDRAFT league. has a strong team despite this being her 1st. Bring on the betting!
Let's go Gasol !
That was a horrible call. No excuse for giving that ball to Syracuse. Absolutely ridiculous.
come on jim, don't you think Tebow is humble enough to learn under Manning for a couple of years?
YES THATS FOR ME:) thanks for saving it for me<3
My dad said yolo.
Haven't tweeted in a while. Was too insanely busy. But things are better now. Looking forward to a night out with the boys at the Lodge.
Schrödinger has nothing on you..;)
I almost bought a 4 dollar coffee yesterday at the Turnpike plaza. But they didn't offer cash back. I needed fare. So I used ATM. Same cost.
Another paper cut :( That makes five in the past three days...
Cautiously I celebrate my pending "release". I have accumulated 6 massages. Yay! #massageenvy here I come!
Good afternoon :)RT : God Afternoon ^-^
writing up a storm
if life were that easy. lol
He was your own brother!!
iwant to be princess before but now iwant to be a Queen :)
gona see how school is tomorrow. left today it was completely silent everyone was tired from emotions and nobody is gona do their homework!!
thanks, gettn back to all my fans.
Seen: "Under SOPA/PIPA, if you uploaded a Michael Jackson video, you would serve more time in prison than the doctor who killed him."
I get so stoked to see I have new followers but when I go their pages, it's always: "HOT PUSSY ORGY" or something of that vain.
: So how do I make my own ?
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader -John Quincy Adams
The only thing from Jay Cutler that's getting picked today is his nose.
RT : Tampa Police Officers have Joseph Lee Frye in custody at the Mayflower Motel (he's suspect in rape)
: You look better when you're being you
pac agreed to it eventually then mayweather comes with more demands.
definitely going in on these tweets later . #staytuned .
Phooey. Was hoping some FX enthusiasts could help a sistah out. :-p What's on the agenda for this weekend?
#EDSHOW, ED you owe me a new TV!! I threw the remote at it when you reported Newt's poor people policy
u provide the grill!?!
but I want to!
It's come to the point where it is pointless to include someone in a picture if they don't have a facebook account.
is legit now.
great i also play it on my other radio show its a hot jam!
Coalition is honored to be attending important conference @ Equine Advocates on ending horse slaughter-look forward to hearing from experts.
Are you still hating on Romney?
Dudes ain't ready for these two lol...gonna shut shit down
Life without passion is dead. No wonder drugs are so popular. Most people are walking dead. May as well get drugged up - speed up the grave
Spring cleaning in my house = me being covered in soot and glitter.
Getting interviewed for an article about me tomorrow. Pretty cool.
We'll make it happen! RT : well hopefully we meet up some where tonight
Our own is talking about this weekend's Sound of Silent Film Fest on in the coming minutes! Tune in to 91.5 or wbez.org.
what happened?
That sucks. I am sorry to hear that.
Change of plans... Accepted a job offer! Thickest hire packet ever. One week to get a lot of things in order!
yes! That lil boy is crazy About that damn car! Ima whoop devans ass!!
Laughing my arse off at all the Chelsea fans that have to take "BAYER" aspirin to get rid of their hangover this morning!
loneliness really does stink!
Watching Gnomeo & Juliet again in class<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
got that new take care leak ya'll. 5 dollars a piece, get it a full week before release date!!!
Hoes These Days be black as hell with sky blue contacts and bright blonde hair... Lookin like a burnt "super saiyan"
I just give up.
RT : great brunch! BF's extended fam was impressed by variety and quality of options. Still full,...
Prosecuting investigator Damon Mosler mumbles something to Quinones attny about text messages.
Sideshow Bob's brother, Cecil.
So excited! I'm at the movie Senna with Elly!
I just won the Financing and Investing trophy and 100 Points at Black Enterprise SBU 1!
ha dunked all on that nigga head tho
RT : Thoroughly enjoying #corybookerstories .. We love our work with him on !
Thamk You #Navy Yard for Ficellin in the rain with us. See you next week!
1st time Client? Come join us at Flo Fusion Fitness for your free 30 minute session. Call and make your appointment today.. 619-794-2740
She know its a wrap....im bout to murder dat
I don't need to pretend to be Irish for that.
Easy. Your username -> Settings -> Delete account. Or email us for help.
Yes i did, but i meant, you used up your facebook quota for using it at work :-p
haha awwe that sucks :/ but I do :P lol
Lil B and #WorstRappersAlive trending? Hmm Coincidence? I think not.
both are pretty bad, but considering you tripped UP the stairs earlier, i'd have to say the Target door incident is worse lol
thanks bro. Gonna be dope as fuck
where do you get this finisher badge?
Trying to come up with the word for bookmarklet I arrived at GIBBLET, which is wrong and neither a cocktail nor part of a turkey.
": Thanks again to for taking such good care of the FWG fam last night." No thanks needed, it was our pleasure!
yes! Please! :)
So what is a "shop blocker" exactly?
I hate when my baby boy is sick...breaks my heart :(
Why is tweet game so whack right now? Cuz he's a
happy mothers day na
Keep up the positive vibes
ah! You meant Thomas. Thought you meant in general where are midget mummies.
at least you still have jokes :) be safe!
Wtf?! That shows the Braves will suck this yr! Ugh! Hopefully not!
I agree! RT : Let's start a campaign to get Sloan () to play on SNL
John R @ Hudson now Open. was a crazy scene! RT : we'll advice people to avoid John R & Hudson
Good meetings in London today and nice comments from a client: "she's a fantastic asset to our UX team". I <3 my work.
Reminder: Flashmob tomorrow, 6:15. Find us on Facebook for more info. Please RT.
I'm glad I'm not the only one.
I just like people chanting my name! MT "It would be really fun to be a cult leader, I think" -
Make a old man get his glasses... Make a gay man reconsider.............
and... i just dropped a paperclip into my coffee.
can I get a retweet from the hottest model on twitter?
Headed to the #OKC #thunder game!
Women live for the thirst.
Great to see you again!
never had nutella? You need to get here STAT!
who do you use when your buyers need a Phase I ESA
wats up girlfriend!!!!! =)
Had a great long weekend w/ family and friends and looking forward to the short week
' when u coming back '?
I'm thinking dubstep might be an awful way to wake up in the am, but it makes me want to some nasty grinding on this coffee.
are you coming out tonight?
Did I hear Brandon Marshell may be suspendid for a incident in Miami
Just initiated our new favorite post tag, "bigger than Rhode Island" - look for it on our next post.
some dubstep is kinda cool, but it's not something to chill to in the background. when i listen to dubstep i'm only listening to dubstep.
Yes, yes, yes.
My moms bringing me kfc <3
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and a lightning bug. Mark Twain
-email. "Hey, girlies, it's Massie. I know you're excited to get an email from moi! I have some news for you: 4 spots are about to open up-
Just shipped out for you! Youre gonna smell great for your date! Woof!
Its goin down
Al of our seniors made this year awesome for me and they deserve a huge BDB
Mission accomplished! Let's see where destiny leads me now ;)
I'm ballin I feel like jordan
: fantastic job, great info! Thanks for starting the day off right
Watching nationwide race
Nope, but being there for the Easter Regatta is on my bucket list
Rondo would have got technical for what Kobe did to that ref. Also, Vanessa Bryant is getting another big, new diamond.
Revenge is so good
What she orda? Chick-fil-A.
Miley Cyrus is one of the reasons I breathe.
RT : Students starting to gather at #JoePaterno statue
Stargate interviewer is which is awesome in itself. Yay
and were at Maryvale?
#ktco - is the video/audio sync off for anyone else? Refresh not helping.
Hard to believe Howard Johnson's picked those colors before taking the acid test.
Drawing parts of the world with no intermediate files. Fun!
if it's beef let it go down right now "souljia slim" lol
Apparently we've reached the point I need to hide my tampons from people..
Going for a walk to take a look at Mars. :P
Listening to :)
Great catching up with all of you.
is a baddie <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Day 1- actually in a good mood for some reason. Ate ice cream. And I should be sleeping.
Making plans with my boy T.Sawyer yeah Diego I'll be back out here!
Thanks for the awesome 5 oclock shadow today. Nothing like some REM after a crappy last day of the work week....
Ha! NPP used to stand for "NPOESS Preparatory Project" At least now it's not an acronym within an acronym
FA SHOW FAM I'M JUST TRYIN TO PUSH EVERYWAY ...POSSIBLE....LETS GO !!!
Can't wait till the school's carnival is up :D Gonna go on the ferris wheel with her <3
Hey RT if u went to se
Tomorrow I am going to exert so much energy then intake so much food&drinks. #cincodemayo #running #excited!!!!
#follow ! Check out our interview next week with founder of African Film Festival!
me too and i love seeing baby animals!! aww ahahhaa
I look forward to providing them!
YOU EXCITED FOR TOMORROW
RT I need a weekend away :) um yea see you Friday dc here you come :D
how are u today
haa i know, its my favorite(:
Exit row AND a window seat?! Must be my lucky day.
I would never get out of bed if I didn't have to.
That's even Better
thanks for the follow. Your advice on finding a job is encouraging.
true story.
I hope you see this! Your one amazing guy and your such a cutie! It's my birthday and I would love it if you retweeted me!3
": Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself. -Plato"
when are they due?
I like twitter as much as the next guy but we need to organize tennis matches over the phone :) I'll call you this weekend
taco bell sounds amazing right now~
I disagree. That's an incredible achievement.
RT : "Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success" ~ Denis Waitley
I have ONE THING in my pocket! My phone!!
When the person you're friend likes, likes you more than them. LOL
I'm going to guess and say that they're still in the honeymoon stage
So excited to sing for the Red Wings in about an hour!!
Thanks for having #vegan options at #VegasSpringSocial. Loved the vegan pocket & Mexican fries. Please keep it on your menu!
RT : Sign up for this amazing Valentine's Day Sweepstakes and ! Click here for ALL of the details...
Can i have a follow back??(:
“Any dream that keeps you from sleeping is a dream worth having”
Shout out to the Kappa Deltas for a successful shamrock n run!
Poet residency at Hunters Lane today.
#Truth RT : David Letterman on Broadway's DEATH OF A SALESMAN: "A serious indictment of capitalistic greed at $200 a ticket."
what mood is that
RT : Congrats! RT : Milwaukee's own Independent Studios did the Tax Act spot. nice job.
nothing even matters at all .
Every time a ball is hit to third I hold my breathe.
They say I look like money ...no bitch money look like me
I'm not stressed, but why does my eye keep twitching?!?!?!?
I liked the lyrics but the vocals sucked
Don't sweat the small stuff....you are bigger than it!
Tonight, is no sleep for me :/
RT I suppose it would be crude of me to set an alarm for 12:30 on my phone. #dryAtlanta #bluelaws>>>Go for it.
Thanks for the RT Nathan!
sry i hav an iphone so no :*
It is a testament 2 r teachers there is not more corruption & cheating in testing. Lord knows it's so easy!
he gets hard to girls that smell like cheese
lol... See wat im sayin...how old r u sweetie?
message me ur number AMA mama!!!
where are you??
what did he say?
#Milwaukee's Drunkest Christmas Carol!! Tonight at Brass Monkey! #Karaoke starts at 9pm at both locations. Drink Specials & Great Times.
Pretty sure Ed Reed could do better at third base than Mark Reynolds and Wilson Betemit.
Had a blast at tonight w/ So good to run into as well. I will surely be back!
I got my new texting number
We have a few left at our Insignia store, 608-251-0495. It's called the WI HUNTING W Z-FIT CAP. Go Badgers!
Nigh nigh followers and may the odds be ever in your favor
Nothing yet!
lol I'm fighting the temptation now. Been doing darth vaders voice into the fan for hours now
Thought of something because of that tweet lol
it's called
Nothing like quiet reflection on holiday, 2012 will be all about identifying fears and kicking them so hard they turn into strengths!
mention us this week and you can too!
I'm going to bed I got church in the morn! Night twitter
RT : Hee-hee! Didn't take long for abandoned bicycle to ride itself away! Yer old wheels, I presume?
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Tortilla and Broccoli. Sugar-free lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
done! Look forward to whatever is planned.
Eric Decker better be okay. Stupid dirty Harrison sucks right now.
YOU WIN!
MUSIC IS A WEAPON LIVE! TUESDAY NITE Followed by JJ Contramus Dj set:) $2 Wells & PBR! Propaganda 6 S. J Street Lake Worth, FL
A1: First thing they did well was have the rain delay it to prime time Monday night. Didn't have to compete with rest of wknd sports
Also, someone please talk me into buying the $199 airfare to CHI (leaving tomorrow!) so I can go to the game on Sunday! Im in regret mode!
The #LangCenter team wishes all CBS faculty, staff & students a great holiday weekend!
Save the date - 7/18/2012 - Beer dinner @ Stubby's with Marc Buttera and @ O'so Brewing....just sayin....
RIP Whitney Houston. So young at 48. You will be missed.......
Divine authority. Nuff said.
I LOVE THEm THEY R So GOOD!<3<3
is this real life?
This episode with the homeless Marine is heart wrenching.
I saw that #YoungAdult room packed last night bro!! Good stuff!
Everyone knows I love Apple products. But the new iPhone commercial? RETARDED. "Copy and Paste." Dude, had that on a $50 phone 5 years ago.
ay bro helpme promo this tape I dropped. W.thorobreadentertainment.com free download rt
Your work sounds great! I hope we can connect in the future. Our work in Chicago can be found at www.lovecrunch.org thnks
big weekend coming!!
talking with in 5 mins with and more...
that made me cry inside
- the "shortcomings" of course being that they will both be term limited out of a job.
Sunday, I predict a long overdue marathon.
just tell me cuz I'm so confused
I will make butt pads for everyone.
I need Xiomara to call me. But shes busy :(
Happy Star Wars Day!!
Same to you :) Hello RT : Happy Thursday Aaron:)
Thank you to everyone who came down last night and also a big thanks to Mourning Rain and Chuck McNally for the live sound. Have a great day
And you broke a texting-while-driving law at the same time! Well done!
Are re-admissions lowered by #patienteducation to increase compliance with discharge instructions? Or, should resources focus on followup?
See you later guys still
Why is that depressing? I go by myself all the time
what happened
yes trying to get the Tweet thing going! Wishing we could eat at Mario's on Paseo tonight! When is the opening?
#Detroit sounds good. A love from Outer Space. Like that.
Battle of the Sexes! 'Nuff said LOL!!
How was that Guinness last night?
still haven't found what i'm looking for.
all I wear is
: SIGN, SIGNS, EVERYWHERE SIGNS! #stewartrally,
I love u, too..
I feel the same way...I've been looking up marathons all day.
AP Exams <
I would of went to his twitter and show her his followers "ALMOST 2MILLION PEOPLE YEA IM SURE NO ONE LIKES HIM"
Thursday don't miss Cindy Scott at at 7pm & at the #JazzFest Fri 12:30 WWOZ Jazz Tent!
This movie is hilarious.
Sounds like police sirens are trying to drown us out but to no success. The people are louder.
I'm not sure that dress is functional. I mean, can you hula hoop in that? -Miss Piggy
Congrats! You're my 300th follower!
What did the Winterhawks say about their game-7 loss last night? Find out at 6, 6:30 10 and 11.
This thursday at , We got on the 1 & 2s, the funny , and more. 8-12p $5 at door
by the lake!
Thanks from - you're not so bad lookin' yourself.
Cross-examination is the questioning of a witness by someone other than whom? (Which examiner?)
Thank You Mike: RT : To say my conversation with tonight was outstanding would be a massive understatement.
Can't wait to hang with THE BEST group of leaders in the world tonight! A big future for !
Tired of managing your rentals? Call Corazon today- Free price & services consult. Let us save you time, money and frustration! 775-826-1414
I have the fcken worst PE teacher ever!
Of course you need a car seat in case the Golf Cart rolls over.
Without lies where wud u be?
Falling Limbs: Suits Over Tree Injuries Show New York City x2019;s Aggressive Legal Tactics Some strategies, including secret video surve
eww worms in your ear could potentially dwell the brain.
-A station should attempt to set world record for the most guitarists playing Stairway in a guitar shop at one time.
ALC's spring break starts tomorrow. Classes resume Mon. 4/16. Wishing everyone joyful spring holidays!
Stop exaggerating .....
it's almost RGIII time!
30 person group, literally going right for the top shelf everything and praying
Life is good, Everybody keep you're head up, and Thank God that you're Alive!
#ThoughtsWhileRunning...I hope this cop is out of shape.
We Need To Hit The Lab ASAP!!! I Smell Crack With The Shit U Got!
Square Feet : An Uncertain Fate for Urban Projects in California Many urban development projects in California are in limbo after the sta
50-40 Denver leads in points scored in the paint.
#trivia is still on for tonight. Questions will be asked during Intermission
order in
naw....at GATEWAY how u doing?
thank you! I told him it was a lawsuit in the making #besafe and let's do a party soon.
I just want a seat at the bar...honest
Shooting at #Caesars. Want to know what old school #Vegas was all about? Order from the waitresses here. They'll tell ya all about it!
I would like a playoff as well, but if they win out, I don't any see argument against LSU-Ala in the big one.
its absolutely morbid, but its not as morbid as Battle Royale. That takes kids killing kids to another level
The whole $40
lmfao it's a Mitsubishi lancer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> I was like who is these thirsty boys screaming
What is the K?
Nick Young would be trying to get a tech, but he's too busy swaggin
Apologies to you, man before me in the LAX security line, for LOLing as you slipped The Game from your briefcase and onto the security belt.
Rihanna & Chris Brown-Birthday Cake REMIX ;) <3
haha I just read through his tweets. Very entertaining. How Twitter should be.
Truth or Dare ? Fuck No Miss Me With That
Shout to He is THE DOPEST friend a gal could have! Luv Ya boo!!
Do you have pinkeye or something? Should I be staying away from you? Or just allergies?
SO SAD!
It's snow in Pittsburgh. Winter has come
yep still don't think that kaputt is that great a song, sorry 2011 music
do you not feel that ascribes a certain level of power to the oppressors of Black people in America since they created the
I dare you to show me your best troll face
I actually haven't gotten to start on it yet, but I hopefully will soon!
Mexico preps shelters as volcano roars, spews ash
cool video
Thanks for the shout out, Miriam! What fun to see students literally devouring books in the library...
I love #Target for having such an extensive selection of hair care products for natural hair.
Stars are gods freckles bro.
On my way to school
Who's selling some 13's
If you're shitty all the time, your world will continue to give you reasons to be shitty.
no prob works for me! You better stay healthy :)
Hey people!
To my new followers Thank You, I follow back have a Great Day!!
2 questions: How and why? Make that one. Just why?
can't be in a relationship nowadays without them tryna manipulate me like a puppet, so fuck it.
RT : Yeah that was some Bullshit bro! LMAO RT : Oh yeah I saw the prank video earlier
Reading "Beer Pong" wiki article. For work. Yeah. Because I'm making a beer pong table. And I've never played beer pong.
Got in some final Athens shopping this morning. I know some like organized cruise ship tour groups but they are the bane of my existence.
OH YOU ARE SO FUNNY
you are talking to the 06' under 18 topsfield fair mechanical bull riding champion here....
We had a decent season and #Smith was just too good.
I WANTED TO SEE YOU ON THE 28TH!!!! I'M GOING TO CRY :'(
Hey what's the difference between the Liquid Office password and the NU ID/password?
Download that Philip Glass album from Amazon ( MP3 ). It's FREE ! And Philip Glass is Always a Gas !
Congrats on your 3rd place showing!
Be on the look out for your Valpak evelope next week! Great Spring Savings!
Thanks for the follow. Stay tuned for our trendy fashion updates as well
Lol whoa I have a stalker on my hands
No prob...anytime!!!
Mieville mentions his admiration for Easter European modernists, including Bruno Schulz
"Take a bow, you've just rewritten our alma mater"
The playlist is ready! Everything from O'Malley's March to House of Pain! The Oyster is gonna be rocking!
yeah cause I'm definatly the mean one..
License Count for any implementation is critical as well. Interview stakeholders to get the accurate count. Going back to well is hard!
*Slicing my head to the right in negation*
I Love it when #stalkers are arrested!
Interesting conversation #Makingthegrade #MSNBC please watch
Man that bump... whatchu talking bout willis... your face.
Attn : on getting & keeping a huge social media following--'share some warm, fuzzy feelings'
Fate – everything happens for a reason. And when fate happens look for the good in it as it is there....
No, I normally like to be left wanting more
- This was one of your best blog posts, Josh. Let's go kick some ass in 2012. I'm fired up.
You know shit went down when i had to wear a dress.
Running slow so little kids think they're fast (:
#Celtics time! Time to come out and take care of business in these 1st two games. No fooling around!!!
If your mother only knew...
RT : "Comedy is serious business"~ #tggr Y'all are being way too SEA_WE_US. LOL
RT : So Georgia is called immediately for Newt, but VA and VT are only too close to call (with Mitt leading). Hm.
lets have you on the show!!!
Tv bleeps out sh#+ when talking about taking one, but in the same sentence it's fine to say "doing shit." Censored for one meaning, ok4anthr
It's funny how people let money make em change
do you know how many tickets are being sold? I'm out of the country til Monday... Think I'm safe getting them then?
“A statue has never been erected in honor of a critic.” —Jean Sibelius from Transfigured by J Todd Nichols
THANK FOR THE HELP I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS HALLA AT ME WHEN U IN MIAMI GOT U \
Hello all of my #twitter #lovers check out our #webpage WWW.tragicculture.com we have #art and #hella # music
Agreed. Houston is awful!
Wore the sunglasses on the water this morning. Hello spring.
Just because I'm hard to please doesn't mean you should ever stop trying.
R.I.P witney houston!!!! U were a true legend :,(
WOOOHHHOOOO! I HAVE REACHED 1000 FOLLOWERS!
Thanks for sharing the Bobachine deal!
I was going w/ the letter "P", but B&W is another consideration. Orca would bring a new meaning to whale watching (as does Twitter).
The largest of the city's many music festivals is the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival. Commonly referred to simply as "Jazz Fest",...
Wonder how many man u fans have pulled a 6-1 today and I bet it was a long coach drive home at 6 1 mph hahahhahahahaa.
Yes dude !! I was like Omg ! Why ??
"Captain Billy"
no outlets
You're here?? Lol thanks :)
this white wine is not cold yet :(
Bitches need to learn how to punch!!!
my everyday lifestyle nothin but a hustle
#Oklahoma #Florida State. This is a good game. Great catch by Stills.
yes I do do you?
Anyone else hear that guy yell charge really loud and long?
Rip steve jobs died :(
wants to... I think it would be a good life experience... (I did it)
So excited for our meeting attendance tonight!
Number 4 : Rihanna
Happy Weekend Fans! 10 days left until Valentines Day!
Thanks for the IMAX article. Really informative and helpful!
MONEY DROP!!
Hope all of you have a great weekend!
Any fool can make history, but it takes a genius to write it. Oscar Wilde
Are you following us on #Facebook? We'd love to have you over for #HolidaySweeps with the
LOS ANGELES WINS AGAIN TODAY!
My banana pudding came out tasty, but would be better with less sugar. I blame the recipe.
Do I see Harry Potter now, or wait for the IMAX? Not quite enough of a fangirl to see it twice in theaters.
Live Music Tonight at HawthorneBV...the Rock & Roll Marching Band will be here from 8pm to 10pm....come and join us!
So there's this dumbass belieber who is insulting our boys and is also insulting Danielle! WTF!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> - Blanka
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Broasted Chicken Buckets $! off
Another great victory in Denver this morning: Resisting Arrest and False Information charges completely dismissed!
thanks for the pick up ...
like just now?! wow that took a while. lemme know if you need any help!
hence the RT....
With my Ace Germ Lifted .. M$!X3 MOMENT...
Good Morning.!
and you can count on me! <3
that didn't take long! :) about to read the article, but i'm guessing two-buck-chucks are near the top of the list!
Dreary weather has us wishing for summer! 67 days until the Farmer's Market begins on 6/6 & 74 days until River Rhythms begins on 6/13.
Thanks for the follow!
Oh , I forgotten Merry Christmast all . Sorry I'm late :( cause I can online just for now :( enjoyed christmas :)
Did you know it's National Burger Month? What's your favorite #Plano burger?
#Viking fans: what's your best case scenario for the first 2 rds of the draft? Kalil/WR? Kalil/CB? Trade down? Let's hear it...
Good read. I have many of the same concerns. I really want to hear from the band on their thoughts on the future.
Pinocchio is on fire. Seriously.
It is hot, hot, hot. Step Ahead clients stay comfortably cool in our climate controlled vehicles while enjoying an ice cold beverage.
Temple run app is addicting!
Laying on the floor with Alex (:
Are you going to #aam2012? I'd love to find a comfy chair and visit with you if you are. :)
That was your Cinco De Mayo & pre Mayweather - Cotto fight TECH update...enjoy my Twitter friends!!
Seattle Fashion Week Design Student Competition videos posted at www.YouTube.com/twistiillc 6 collections from the Pacific Northwest USA
Sitting up in Spanish bored as fuck, with an ugly ass face. Wasssup!
Support TEAM EDIE this SUNDAY!!! Please contribute to the American Cancer Society - Making Strides Against Cancer Event :...
thanks Mel!
O I forgot 2 mention it has facial recognition 2. Dey thru in the kitchen sink & once Android 5 is out it's on. RT :
Leadership has a harder job to do than just choose sides
Not sure why Chipotle is trending, but I think I'd like to know! Normal lunch spike? M #guacamole! If that's not a hashtag, it should be!
chopped off a hunk of his tooth eating popcorn
We are looking forward to hosting you in Indy ! You will love the Brickyard Crossing!
Yup, just responded. None at all, or none w/their approach together? I will keep my eye out for U. :)
thank you so much for your vote! pass it on so your organizations can hopefully receive the donation!
Listening to panel on UX - Burning Questions About Mobile Usability #MoDevDC f/iOS, Android, Smartphone Dev, Design and Marketing
I love you for listening to BTR <3
you have to admit those two Kobe shoulder shoves were brutal. Especially the first one..
July 4, 1776: the day that we <U+FFFD>unfollowed<U+FFFD> King George
Facebook Co-Founder Ditches U.S. Citizenship — & Tax Burden — Right Before IPO
More feedback on Q2. RT #Preservation needs senior experts, Social Media is Investment Relations, PR exp.
Its pretty nice out today. I want to go longboarding.
he's just building up the suspense
Social media causes what is referred to as FOMO -- The fear of missing out
IM FINNA CALL U DOLL...STOP RED FORREAL .
Where else can you get raw talented RnB accompanied by a live band?
1) Great job Denny's manager, earn that 10/hour 2) It seems that 0 patrons left 3) Is Denny's wrestling now a sport?
Great play by Cozart there.
LOL RT : Poll: L.A. sports fever is NOT catching. asked, Do you plan to go to an event downtown this wknd? No: 91%.
last time I was at a Ranger game, I got hit by a full bag of peanuts.
I wish I lived on the west coast
Today at school was okay!! nothing special really!! Had homework as usual
#ISupport a good ole fashion STD every now and then...gives ur penis some personality!!!!
#BloodTribeWRLD Blood Tribe southeast tour this April!
The home office colors sound amazing! How 'bout adding a punch o' orange? Need window coverings? I made a mean roman shade :)
Yes we are, its a little sad.. but we have our class reunion to look forward to this summer! :) lol
You made it look so god!
The Audacity Of Humor - President Obama Jokes About Clinton, Dog Meat And The Secret Service At Correspondents Dinner
Mike at at Baseline and Kyrene: you were awesome as usual. You even packed my bags with my OCD in mind. :)
I love you but sometimes you can be a dick but...YOUR HOT!! so who cares?
Rt.. : I hate when you can't tell if a girl Is flirting, or just being nice.
Greekest. Wedding. Ever. :)
Founders! So good..Lets go to Hopcats next time and try diff ones..
Make duck not war
pretty awesome, congratulations on your 6 year aniversario!
Newt has only won Georgia and he is acting like he is the king. Smugness is a trait not only reserved for liberals...
i think YT would refer people to home site. firm believer in free moving content, being where audiences are. Silos are so 2008.
bow chica wow wow
Thinking for dinner, twice baked potato topped with caviar...
One of our favorite benefits too!
Naw, not at UC Homecoming, but the East Price Hill Jazz Fest on Saturday at 3 PM!
rain. please
I can't wait for our monoculture sci-fi future, when there is no Boston accent.
I had to play that game on the plane this afternoon...
I think Snookie found out after we found out that she's pregnant.
thanks! glad you liked it better than the coffee ;)
HA! the CIA doesn't have nothing compared to a woman with a plan! LOL
e!!!!!!! 7 days from now you will be traveling to SF!!! cannot wait to celebrate last moments of bachelorettehood
Hide the ball gotta make em wait
so i was listening to covers of shot for me ~drake & of corse being a mohomie i listened to austin's like 20 times and his is deff the best
Love & Need & Want you is on. Wow where's my high school krush at? She need to come up to Chicago & sing it like in the talent show rewind
is attempting, once again, to link Twitter and Facebook. I wish I were a techy.
Depend on yourself... Can't go wrong
When is the best time to tell someone you love them? Answer: Before someone else does.
S/O to for the conversation we had earlier tonight...glad someone else could help me put things in perspective
Sounds good. We have a few more this year, no?
What go down???!
It's strange what desire will make foolish people do
#nexuscafe a2. you can brand an entire city in a few days!
well you can say God wrote it, but theres no evidence for that
I can help!
It is! And I'm trying to finish the monster that was spawned from LAST year's #campnano before THIS year's!
To all of the 1 in 6 men who were under the age of 17 when they were sexually abused: you are not alone, & your voice WILL be heard
that makes me think of :)
Interested in setting up a group online class with 6 to 12 participants? Group rates available. Contact us for details (323) 620-6951
I like the smell too. A friend of mine uses it to massage her clients and she puts it in her hair.
LOL, count me in. What about vaginas? Shouldn't we be influential about vaginas too?
plus another lil bonus info the scene of the house being knocked down was recycled and used in the video for not now
Reality is a crutch for people who can't handle drugs.
tell me where and I'm there!
Say that last part 5 times fast..... :-)
not really, i'd have to learn more about it before we discuss #educateddiscussions haha
If I'm with you, I'm with you until the end
Shifting gears...
Shopping on State Street this rainy Sunday? Stop by Bakers! RT Thanks #Chicago for being an amazing host! We <3 your city!
At 5pm on #8newsnow will have #RoadMapToSafety Make sure you catch it!
RT Great win tonight one more!!!!!! We miss you - Portland needs you. Awesome performance, go!
"when its cold outside people have alot more sex" i love this class.
Who's coming out today for Found LA? Please share your photos and experiences on our Facebook page!
Don't you hate when you wake up in the morning and you are out of coffee? Off to
I feel like i have to be something im not around my family . They dont understand . Or care.
Aw thanks love
Have some of my folks exploring "The Alice Project". They'll contact you asking for permission to access the wiki.
And though I was active in a lot of Sports and got along with most of the guys, I think I used comedy as a defense mechanism
Awww, no I didn't! What time?
Oh wonderful - ur welcome =)
Today is a Kid Cudi day.
I watch my daughter swim laps and remember when she was a toddler afraid to jump into the pool. "Don't move, Mommy." I love being her mom.
y'all weak!lol I hoping in that league.
that's high qual
Internship Getting ready for #logo design.
I've been waiting my whole life for this: going to see Weird Al tonight!
Only motherfuggah in the n. va with a low low bike ya feel me!
hey! could you please follow for me? :) It's my 2nd account, i'm trying to reach 1,000 <3
thank you Sara Im looking forward to the movie also ,Hey Rowdy did you punch tho's teens..? haha :) xoxo Gnight
I drive 1 hand at 12 noon like #anchorman Vinnie rollin in the civic. I rock the minivan. y'all better aks somebody
Unknown Author: Success depends on your backbone, not your wishbone.
nice :D
You forgot tiny parking spaces
I love and miss u!
White girls gone wild
I shot such an amazing event at The Orbit Room last night. Great people, great staff and I can't wait to get home and edit.
Thanks Steven!
havent seen the episode yet disappointed?
It's not about the work- its about the relationships #wilmlink Women and leadership
why, what happened? I thought you like your job?
Greatness is not seen by the number of people who follow you, but in how you serve those God has placed in your life.
BIG WIN Title Game bound tmrw!!!
In 'our lives matter' Anna Crago does an excellent job detailing eight groups from different nations, what they face, and how they responded
We are currently at full capacity for new clients this holiday weekend. You can check-in this week to see if we've had any cancellations.
ok right now i wish austin would do a ustream :) <3
lmao..ok. you got some south pole jean shorts i can borrow?
just walked with my hoodie up past a group of policemen and, amazingly, did not get killed.
There is can be great joy in finding someone's significance, and sometimes there is greater joy in finding someone's insignficance
lmao I love watching them play together! We should hook them up on a play date <3
Hey, thanks for the shout out!
Hey #Moms - how was your Mother's Day?
u're welcome..
It would be hard not to at this point. I'm hooked.
Hope all the 2012 AUTO SHOW MODELS are enjoying their day! =)
people going in on Rick Perry like we didn't have a two term president that did stuff like this all the time
yes. Thank god I wore my welding hood. The child in line next to me was no so lucky.
Reading the collaborative SF novels edited by George RR Martin: the Wildcard series. Who knew this stuff's been around since the '80s?
and yeah i like that song
we are happy to hear that! see you next week =)
have you seen forks over knives?
I had to go to Afghanistan for a year to make anywhere near that. Clearly I wish I had better coaches in Little League.
Not packed. Going to bed. Such a procrastinator. They have stores in Denver - good excuse to shop!! #NoClothesVacation (just kidding)
it's spring break in the library starting today. we have chairs, umbrellas, blankets, books. just no pina coladas.
I don't think Wise Men at the kick will matter for that. Just being there being loud will suffice.
book is ready for print, tried out a new cookie recipe, weather is GORGEOUS... only 2.5 more hours until the weekend!!!
it's on.. Special guest guitar at the show tonight at Be not square!
loving the fu dogs!! Great color!!
what do I have to do to get some love? lol
Kbeach radio: Listen on your smartphone! Share us with your friends! Tell them to follow us on twitter and like us on facebook!
That is what we like to hear!
On the way to the gym! #LovinThisLife(:
I have two moods. Happy and miserable. Take away my happy and then you have to deal with my miserable.
Good Morning world!
Austin tx!! Come to Mohawk tonight for some tunes!!! Well be there ;)
damn, I mean you sure know how to paint a town ever since you came around its obvious you shut it down
EcoClean Selects Austin Pets Alive! for May PROPS Program Recipient, Ninth Non Profit Part of Program Nearing $5K ...
Cold, of course. Warm water may have lead in it from the pipes.
thanks. Always nice to share our story
Autonomy is the double-edged sword of #HigherEd. Limits outside intrusion, but also earnest attempts to refine public roles+solve problems.
Just saw my friend's Trident commercial. He's the one that takes off in the grocery store/kids' ride rocket!
Smh! This bitch here is talking on her speaker phone, I airport security. I swear imma bout ta' molly whop her.
Why tha fuckkk is it raining <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
. you beat me to it. I wanted to say I was so happy seeing you tonight :) we need to meet again so very soon!
the lady at Walmart said I had to be 21 for brittni to get the alcohol.
this is so true! Btw bonfire/campout at my house this summer and you're invited!
some dates and cities where we will be doing shows: June 25th Chicago, June 28th our EP releases, July 1st in Milwaukee, WI
Full Time. Timbers 1 San Jose 1.
who would want to hang out with you????
I think he's learning these lines via osmosis b/c I have these films on so much. :-D
You like sci fi and fantasy? I love the chronicles of amber by Zelazny. Which are your favorites?
Glad you found somewhere! Sorry took so long to get back to you- the move took up so much time that I just had no spare moments.
matt kalil goes #3 b/c he's bigger than a bulldog & the vikings need help on the line.
Likewise Cory!
I don't want to think about that...
Oka come on now just step on my foot and don't say sorry##HOESAINTGOTNOMANNERS!!!!
:) there's a center in MA. Was a great experience for me!
Y do all gospel artist claim they were homless b 4 fame?
oh Algerbra 2 talking about cookies??
ntm my g,maintainin n makin sum new beats-n u?
Much love to the homie holding it down on He's been consistent for some years here now! He's a cool dude! Keep it up.
I'm here bro.
What sparked all this?
she is not letting me post them up . But she looks like a lollipop in some of them
Kudos to the #dsum12 team. Had a great time and met some great folks! See you next year!
& Bitch Im Mac Maine
This weekend will consist of more recording for the EP and more prepping for the May gig at Orchestra Hall in Logan Square. Yay musics!
you are my new favorite blog.
so I bbm you ::: no replay smh slut !
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "Well what do you wanna do?" It's 1 am...what you think
Coincidentally, I'm wearing my Gowalla shirt today.
3 shots of jack and a PBR, what's YOUR sleep number?
I knw Nashville's next!!
I'm actually not all that sleepy..
Thanks friend! Will I see you there?
Although Nielsen’s 2010 analysis of phone logs indicates that 100’s of texts per day is quite doable (2 of 3)
I would let snuggle with my dog samantha. Now that's being a nice dude.
cos u never say anything..
Great turnout tonight at #futad!
RT : For those of you who have a mom on the planet, give her tons of mad love today!
Gr8 read: Forget Networking: How to be a Connector. Love this: "I sort of just run into fear, as I run into chaos," - Yep, I get that!
All these scary movies are starting to get to me!
Who's career would you rather have, Peyton Manning or Eli?
Congrats for hitting for the cycle! AWESOME GAME!
happy fr1Day everyone (:
haha! Nah it's chicken selects
Hearing all kinds of original hip hop samples throughout this 1971 bruce lee movie... Wow
Thank you! I'm so excited!
Use the link?
Some of them certainly do. How are you holding up today?
... a small group of us walked what will become the Atlanta Beltline north of Piedmont Park; urban trail-blazing!
who will we see at the Culture Room TONIGHT?!
today's fucking sinus infection is worth all of last night.
Visiting Gaylord's Opryland, which is awful, should be mandatory for anyone considering a project with them.
#HolidayShopping is not going well. I have 1 gift for the wife and 3 for the pooch.
Passed my road test, picked up the uniform. MKE MCTS.
Why doesn't talk abt his time as Gov.,bc he was a DISASTER;just did it for poss., path to WH!
Thanks for the #FF!
reverts to pleasantly melancholy once again.
thats 2 bad hope u had a great day
Happy First Day of Spring and Vernal Equinox! Time to watch those flowers grow!
that sucks
About to do some musical mentoring at a Chicago area public high school.
twitter hasn't been the same since then!
Great news! Appeals court rules against enforcement of AL imm law! Now, kids can go to school unafraid!
thanks for the heads up on this - much appreciated
Life goes on and it dont wait for no one,and by saying dat ima do my thing till da day Im done
We'll have more information for you soon! Stay tuned on Twitter & Facebook for the most up-to-date information!
Prove my point. I love that shit
Yes, PDFs can be uploaded through the #Unify interface. The size limit for file uploads is 100 MBs.
Its Been Real!
LOOOVEEEE this book! Great for both individual and group tx. Love Personal Space Camp also!
You are your own healer and only you can align with that loving, light aspect of your Self. No one else can do it for you.
Foodies: rejoice! Have you seen what's coming this summer? Food -> you! Check out
Glad you had fun!!!
Super Bowl 42 rematch, this is what I wanted..A shot at redemption (and revenge)..
Thanks for the helpful USMCC background. I look forward to meeting you in person at
I am glad to hear this. Good luck.
we goin to sky high senior skip day
Rooting for , picking #boxing RT :
It must look so unattractive to catch an Uptown train on Fri night. But Ima lewser who wants a lean pocket. Werk<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081> it for me tonight, #NYC!
Safe travels. Have a good weekend.
Tour guests from Boston say San Diego is the best city by far of the 3 major cities in California. Who can argue with that!
Changed channel from TNT to TBS for a second & immediately got bombarded with a commercial telling me to watch TNT now.
So, that's an obvious penalty there by Cooke, but Schenn sure looked like Greg Louganis there.
remember when u made me that sandwich? Yes I "liked" that lol
On this day in 1969, the 12th Apollo mission took off.
Doesn't get more ghetto than spirit airlines. #soulplane #legroom?
it doesn't sound bad :p
Morning #Bear and #Bull Family!!! Hopefully our #Bulls can turn this series around :-)
Good Morning, Fuckers! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> It's Monday so be sure to rub one out before starting your day. You'll need those endorphins! 8==<U+270A>=D<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
All these highscool kids bout to go to college next year are in for an awakening . we all go through it tho.
are you in Chicago to stay??
Thank you my darling! I am slowly but surely feeling better. :D Love to you and Alaina bb.
#hiphoped imagine a curriculum created WITH the students!
My mom called Hannah Montana the movie childish but she bought puss in boots..
im a KING, if u want to be treatee like a QUEEN, i am dat guy.
Haha, sames! Uhm, the people, so many different kinds of people here.
omg yes that sucks I just had one then the dr pressed right on my bladder ugh!! Not cool!!!
Google acquires Zagat: huff.to/nsJsEV Not only do they now where we live, they know what we eat.
OMG that impressive!
(2/2) gonna have 2 say serious debts 2 b able 2 get r cable and internet back
Had the first major thunderstorm of the wet season last night. Summer is a comin'
Follow the for the chance to try FREE beer! We will let you know where we will be set up giving out samples for reviews!
#schoolmemories being weird at lunch and not caring what others think :)
I've never been convinced by single-cause explanations for megafauna extinctions
"My inmost being will rejoice when your lips speak what is right". (Proverbs 23:16)
So, apparently Jason Bartlett is on the verge of release in SD. The #brewers absolutely need to make sure he ends up in MKE.
Microsoft Heads to Nevada Again for Tax Perks - Wall Street Journal (blog)
I need a massage
You can sign up for #Schoology for free - so its worth trying out
I hope the Yanks spoil the Fenway party!!!
I thought my nurse was cute til she started givin me shots
How did you get tickets? I heard they were extremly tough to get!!! Im so jealous :)
In some old interview, they said that they also hate "come one, come all" and I personally love that song...lol
#MyGraduationSpeech . . . I hate you, You ugly, You're fake, Im glad I don't have to see you anymore, F this school, Im out! *drop mic*
I love walking from my dad's office to school. Perfect workout.
Hi Thanks for following. I added you to two of my Portland-related Lists. Look fwd to visiting your place!
WELL BYE STILL LOVE YAL
As Women's History Month ends, FYI, current Census statistics show that women still earn 77 % of what men earn.
we've been ready.
Ugh, so worrisome!
Matt Barnes is playing a very tough game #MadRespect for him #Lakers !
same too You!
No PSDs here. AI for life!
4: Beau drives to barn, performs 15 minutes of improv noise with Jtar.
": I'm loving this beautiful Colorado weather.."
Congrats #Octavia Spencer on your Golden Globe. You so deserve it!
Now since Smoctryz's transfer restrictions were officially more limiting, where is the Beilein scrutiny?
lucky!!! I'm good, trying to write but not feeling very inspired lol. You??
Condoleezza Rice speaking Friday at CSIS B1 Conference center in Washington DC. 11 am.
Your boy Chandler Jones is the brother of UFC light heavyweight champion Jonny Bones Jones.
You know you are on a Costa Cruise line when …the buffet is live seafood…the crew goes overboard to make you comfortable...
So does your kickstarter fame mean that I actually have to pay you now?
Eating this brownie for breakfast makes me feel like my wayward life is about to turn itself around.
just gonna go nuts when the clips win tonight :)
psh, as a Coloradoan, you should know those Huskers just don't know any better.
does it not?!
Flying to Memphis for some Rendezvous & then driving to Clarksdale, Mississippi for the Juke Joint Festival!
If I Havent Followed Back Mention Me An I Will Follow.
wow... had no idea you were on such a journey
Hope you had a good Easter. #Zumba Class tomorrow during Center's 7th period a.k.a. media.
All hard shots @
There's more cumstains in my squad car then innocent black people
#dailyfeedback In honor of the late poet Adrienne Rich, we're looking for songs that feature lines of poetry. Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm.
#CheerUpAustin #SmileAustin!! I hate to see you upset i feel a horrible pain in the pit of my stomach :'( my mouth's trembling
So excited for the game tonight! It's been too long since the last game.
Gotta change all those Yoooooouk shirts to Brooks.
Gianti I going to try! And thanks doll :)
Take that ghetto ole broom back too dollar tree! There isn't gonna be any sweeping tonight, honey!
Drinkin champagne on the airplane
A sub from Dions is sounding pretty good right now!
working on a new real time group chat feature for #iPresentOnline - testing out both #pusherapp and #beaconpush - no decision yet
lol then leave me alone
Mobile projects need as much content for "watchers" as for "contributors".
kid chases laser pointer, why yes it does mean kids=cats...Nyan Nyan Cat Virus protect yo kids!
I'm thinking about wearing my harry potter shirt tomorrow!
looking forward to it!
Should secure my emirates gold FF status at least, glad there's a LA to Dubai direct, emirates makes BA feel like 1970's British Rail.
Scotland, like Finland, aims to teach creativity through the arts
“: They should just get the Christopher Guest troupe to host the Oscars next year.” yes please.
Headed to GrowthCLUB!
Wish #mubb would just pretent they were down double-digits to start the gm
#B1G teams with picks: Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, Michigan, Ohio St, Penn St, Michigan St, Nebraska. #Northwestern still shut out.
Unreal....11-1 in postseason. Wow.
Modern wired life. Have identified (so far) 12 devices that connect to wifi that I'll update for the new faster, more secure router.
good form will not only help to prevent injury, but will also increase the effectiveness of your workout
i should be on my way to the keys right now but NO i have to go to college! #stupidhighereducation :(
THANKS CONGRATS TO YOU TO LOVE YOUR VOICE;-)
your welcome :) I'm always nice to girls but mean to guys haha jk and I like your avi because it looks like you just woke up haha
looking back to my tweet from today, I thought she knew exactly when I sent her the water globe now I c she was questioning it UGH!!!!
Thank you for the follow! Sounds like a GREAT service! Hook 'em!
So annoying when your socks keep falling down and you have to stop to pull them out of your shoe. This is why I like wearing ankle highs
just because your girlfriend broke up with you cause all you do is sit around all day, doesn't mean you can disrespect her belongings.
:') Thank you for being such a wonderful friend, through the good and bad. :) #andNoYouDont *two quick claps* STOP DET!
I hope the Giants go 0-16 next year. I hate Eli.
www.LetsSayThanks.com Send a card for free to a soldier in harms way. Say thanks for their sacrifice.
sounds like a great thing to do bro, I will check it out, make sure you follow MTG Events & Ceo J-Lryric
Remember to mark October 8th on your calendars!
We have a couple of surplus folding banquet tables -- free to the first taker here at 7916 SE Foster
my body aches !! How is ur extension? Lulz
Anyone have any #engagement stories that they would like to share with us?
The awkward moment when you and your friends are telling funny stories, then all the sudden the room gets quiet when y'all are done laughing
Stick some cotton in your ears so it doesn't leak out and KEEP WRITING! RT : 3606 words left to 50k. AaHh my brain is melting
Our 2011 Online Winter Auction will be going live in just 2 DAYS! Stay tuned for more information and a link to the auction page!
Cipher meeting!
We in #Philadelphia partying hard
Austin will be the voice of the handle, providing daily insights, behind-the-scenes content, and more.
Also, instagram users...whats your account name?? Follow: ncrewdsonn
Yes and they are singing great!!
They should have windshield wipers on glasses!
and I want a little chihuahua
Well let's do it RT : im ready
Agree? “Publishing is a business. Writing may be art, but publishing, when all is said and done, comes down to dollars.” -Nicholas Sparks
Sour mash collabrewation from Church, Penn & Haufbrau stuff, well done.
You're on the list, we'll keep you updated!
You miss Memphis?? I don't. No sir!
TY! : Happy Thursday, Trelawny, and thanks for following! Looks like you're well on your way to great success...congrats!!
Thanks for the outstanding presentation on developing a Governance Policy for Twitter
half of womens problems with men are their own faults because they hold us to unreachable standards.
I have like 50 flyers just sitting in my room.
I am very excited for your Campaign Kick Off Event this Saturday!
My brother's sitting way too close to me right now & he won't move. I'm getting frustrated so I'm gunna punch him.
would you like to participate in a documentary about addiction
in NYC. Hands out, eyes closed, the most incredible experience you'll ever FEEL!
Hey, if you have a few, please DM. Have two high profile Ora BD projects that need ML tech imput this week.
Tropical: Like Pineapple & Mangosteen?
ty:) just not my week. hoping tomorrow will be better.
I have an exclusive Oppty in Newark, Delaware for a Project Mgr with Financal industry experience. Reach out to me if you fit the bill.
and by the way, i love your twitter background and profile pic...did you shoot that photo?
I don't think a Venti is going to be big enough today! - how about a bucket???
Good stuff! is presenting now on storytelling, best practices for using video to communicate complex/challenging concepts.
Absolutely! RT : Need more out of him if we're gonna have a good playoff run!
starts at 12!! Come on down!!
We are picking two people to win a $500 529c College Savings Plan. I'm sure any extra money would help with two to pay for!
I hate when my parents never let me go anywhere and then ask me why I'm always on the computer.
I'm not sure if ppl are extra annoyingly stupid today or if I have less patience with stupidity today.
Dog Found in Allison Park, PA (near Pittsburgh). Female Golden Retriever was found in Shoppers Plaza on Rt 8 this morning (10/24). Pls RT!
Apple finally gives away 100 Iphone 4's #CJ#
Getting excited for some good roots rock from at Ram's Head tonight.
sounds boring!
You will love it;) RT : “: It's a Sunny Crisp morning! The tortillas are ready, and the coffee is br...
Imagine the whole world naked. >> Lmaoo
now, really, back to the writing. Just a little sidebar on facebook to give some teaching advice to a dear friend. Ahh, social media...
It takes a lot to write abook about yourself!
"I can't afford to pay too much..." "I want remarkable results"
Sweet Dreams!! Day full of interviews tomorrow...can't wait to say for what movie!! :)
I need iced coffee.
#OutoftheLoop The Divorce Cycle: When marriages end in divorce from generation to generation.
I miss you too!
we will keep you posted. :)
and still immature as ever
Hey girl it was really good seeing you on Saturday. Please keep in touch!
Watching Boy Meets World!
Prepping for my speaking event at the Colorado Alliance of Illustrators tonight @ community college of aurora. Speaking about matte painting
Yes! Both having them and letting them go :)
I just texted u!(:
I need a man in my life
smh i still havent bin noticed/followed by even thow i voted all morning
Does it update in real time, ? If so, we just got 25 people to make donations?
All I want for Christmas is...the monopoly game of The Wire
We are #proudtopay for the public schools that empower students with a foundation for success!
“:A man is a success if he gets up in the morning & goes to bed at night & in between does what he wants to do." B Dylan”
People annoy me. Twat.
any chance at getting another program. Someone too mine at the after party. Can u help?
Right on Health tip of the day: Forgive yourself for mistakes. Be kind to yourself.
RT : #StepIntoSpring with our #NikeID custom sneaker giveaway! RT &amp; Follow us for a chance to get walking in new shoes
What else do you have to do other than watch rocket launches?!? ;)
Here comes the Grand Marshall, JR Martinez! Followed by 2 Wells Fargo Stage Coach.
I'm trying to go next year for sure
dang.... Ugh well if you get the chance, let em know(: anyway possible. Make a paper airplane!! Ahh
tonight maybe haha.....text me
i tried it its so cool
see him if I don't want to. It gets old having to go every single time I'm apparently supposed to. He's an asshole anyways.
. HA! Same here. Remarkable work (on everyone's part) nonetheless.
Every day more of our life is in cardboard boxes. Getting ready for our move to PDX.
that's too cute :)
Recently reached 100 hours of listening to Easily one of my favorite apps.
I do the same shit.
the only good thing about this trip: steak for dinner 2 nights in a row.
Santa's Reindeers are Dasher, Dancer, Prancer, Vixen, Comet, Cupid, Donner and Blitzen. Don't forget Rudolf...
I think Padres +175 and Mets +115 have great chances
Just finished reading the #Wool series ... Wonderful wonderful work! ... Would love to interview you. Do you do G+ HangOuts?
i have been blessed God bless yo ministry...
m yes with you there in your uniform I would easily be on my knees
u dont never invite me.....
Q: What's musical and handy in a supermarket? A: A Chopin Liszt.
Too hot neways...
10/26/2010 What are the ten best Twitter applications? Real Business
I think I can speak for everyone when I say there should be an inflatable swag doll
just finished watching a re-run of BET Honors. Congrats on the award!
OPPORTUNITIES FOR RECAPITALIZING HOTELS!Remington's investor driven Distressed Property Recapitalization program can help. Contact me today
USA, USA! RT : my kitchen is clean. what's the first thing i do? make bacon. greaseparty!
Personal contact lens displays - not commercially available but cool!
chicago, Boston, not Cincinnati, wherever
Just got emotional over a Derby horse & his multi-millionaire owner. I've lost myself. No more drinks for me.
Do a bananas foster pie! RT: What is your favorite dessert? We're looking for new pizza ideas. :)
Only a few days lift till we play with Hit The Lights at The Mad Hatter!! Only a few tickets left for 12 bucks! Hit us up for tickets!!
Pages of luscious romance that convert your neuro-transmissions into orgasms on sale now only 7.99 amazon Python by Carina Nolan
RT : Do your homework, people. We're going to school tomorrow.
I survived the marathon....
It must be the good looks! Poor female security guards never saw it coming!
might be up for that. and I are going to try
Once was for me. The other two were for Sarah n Jasmyne
booking my rental car for derby , rentacarnow.com baby
There's a certain irony in you asking this on Twitter. :)
Bravo to the cast of #WestSideStory for a fantastic opening night at #Milwaukee PAC. Timeless music & talent abound!
can I just show up or do I need to register or something? I'd like to join you all today.
awesome thanks!!! It was good to see u!
King-sized bed. Slept great for five hours I got to sleep.
how old r u
It's like dat when u str8 from the north Lil Kenny hit ur hood sideways throwing dat bass in your face
I love you boo
Saying what your heart feels describing what your words can't
Lets just hope that there is something we can do to make this happen.
Hate to leave this gorgeous weather behind...I'll be stuck in hell for the next 5+hrs. :(
Fun fact of the week - you can buy postage stamps at Walgreens.
Behind frustration is the answer to your next success
I CAN'T WAIT FOR NEXT WEEKEND WITH MOOLS
Congrats, Ashley! Wishing you much success in your new position!
i feel dumb. -_-
Liar, Liar pants on fire!
Super sad that went home on #FashionStar last nite. I aspire toward her charisma & carefree attitude. So talented, she'll go far!
no it is not. I am a well behaved individual.
I was going to tweet about how New York is less formal than D.C., but then I remembered that EVERY city is less formal than D.C.
In order to be lucky, you just need to keep yourself open to opportunities other people look straight through. Period.
Well yesterday was ight but I'm more pumped bout redneck fest this weekend it's gunna deff. be a wild weekend
wow very nice presentation!
Oops...Notre Dame must have sent up some Hail Marys for this lightning evacuation order - USF was ahead 16 - 0
Handle your business without people knowing your business.
Good. Now get to sleep!
the realquestion is..whatre you suggesting?!
Thanks for the follow. Really like your post on ROI.
Congratulations you are the winner of the draw for Lunch with in LA transportation not included
Rough week so far....some laryngitis/cold issues and four of the biggest VO jobs of the month all within two days....arghhhh...
Breakfast for lunch is always a good idea. Not a good idea: not eating breakfast UNTIL lunch.
Buffalo Beasts' Ian Murphy in Madison today hailed as hero by protesters. Says Walker call ruse "bore fruit," "might do it again"
Hey #LamarOdom, remember that time when a Kardashian ruined your entire NBA career?
"I want to change the copy in the app" - "Okay, you can change the Lorem Ipsum to Lauren Ipsum" -me
On the Purple Line heading to Lincoln Park to watch #DePaul face 'Nova. Go Demons!
Haha. I wish. She owns a kosher dairy restaurant near Beverly Hills and stopped by our table. But they serve with both.
I found my first white hair!
it have been a experience in itself,so far only one last and he doesnt live in New York, but we have great conversations
thanks- your couch and coffee table survived the move! (and your damn pink Cadillac and scary shock game)
game with moms later
The Palestinians are better at nicknames. Lulu, Dundun, Coubie, Maryumy. The Egyptians just make up the funniest ones.
Meeting up with a friend to see Glee 3D today!!!
Thank you!!! xxoo
every kiss begins with k NOT kay dumbass jewelry company
sorry bud, gotta unfollow you til you change that avatar.
Come on Robbie
“: If you want to stay on track with God and keep a good attitude, you have to make communication with Him a daily priority.”
it's true! Growing up I couldn't stand Thor. Now I'm actually looking forward to The Avengers coming out to see how he fits in.
#schoolmemories When Cory, got his head, stuck in a desk.
This game is rough
"You're gonna need a bigger duck"
We like #beer!
Forecast for tonight: Dark.
RT : Looking forward to seeing you and the rest of our football alumni this fall for an exciting season!
RT Yikes RT : Man Terell has the worst PR ever!!!!!!! <--Lil crisis management, perhaps?
seems silly when you can just download the entire english version of wikipedia right now and use offline tomorrow.
Awesome start to a first day? I think so. <-Kelsey xoxo>
4/1/1789->W. Hartshorne:Nothing would be more painful to me than to be the innocent cause of distress/injury to any individual of my Country
RT Love tech support via Twitter. Thanks guys!
RT : Every day is a new day. Every day you can choose to greet the day with joy and compassion
Oh okay. Good hair is always a good thing though. ;)
hw is tht bad? && im not a loser punk
BREAKING NEWS... now *another envelope turns up. standby.
Created my own vector brush to used for branding my images.
St. Pat's Day to you, too! Cheers!
the songs she writes/performs. Of course I'll judge when I see it, but for now, I have faith! Let the girl be, people. I can think of worse
Hey, Kim, we're just learning the ropes. What do you think about teaching literature--how do we help students create meaning?
Planning the greatest winter break ever. Road trippin to California with an old pal. On another note,
riding boots on sale in both stores and on line jcwesternwear.com
Crew love, follow and for the best in authentic New York Hip-Hop! We miss you MCA!
I'm glad I got all my laziness out of the way this past weekend because I'll be out of town every weekend in May!
Ok I was at 800 unread emails after #SXSW -- now down to 300 and counting -- #email overload! cc:
Yeah i had a great day :)
VERY much. Hello Greyson yes we're weirdos.Look 4 us next time @ ur concerts. We'll be the girls holding measuring tapes :)
Beautiful Hawaiian fishes arrive today: Wahoo(Ono), Opakapaka(Pink snapper), Striped Marlin (Nairagi). Limited offer, come quick.
Just tapped a 1/2 barrel of Nebraska IPA. It just may be the Queen Mother of IPA's. Get yer taste on!
Hi Ralph! Thanks for the great comments PR/social media maven extraordinaire makes me look good!
I love how Ron was subtly impressed with himself when he said he had 11 whiskeys.
We got Fresh new Gear in the Store Pics Coming Soon....
I'm not perfect, but I'll give you my all.
your "healthcare" is a huge legal mistake. Again $anders worse mayor in history!
If I was in $JPM's CIO/risk units, I'd be on the lookout for Bullet Tooth Tony. Just a thought...
This boy on my bus is about to get slapped. #SorryNotSorry .
Yes, that makes sense - all I could think of how that was prime promoting.
I'm sorry to offend anyone but the claw like finger nails... Look terrible can everyone please stop #mommasays you'll poke an eye out!
What are other allergy moms doing for preschoolers this fall? I plan to send the various allergy stories to my 3yo's class.
Congratulations! Next stop: RT : It's official!!!!! In one week we have sold all 20 lifetime tickets!!!!! KC we are a go!
Refs in Chelsea game are making it look like a Camp Nou game.
Ahaha Good idea in buying it! :P :D
I wish there were more antique stores around here. I just love nick-knacks, lace & florals.
i waant to be forgotten and i don't want to be reminded" de the strokes de la cancion what ever happen
Thx for the follow Ms. Duckworth & your military service. I admire your strength. Much success on your race in congress.
enjoying a beautiful evening on the back deck
hehehehe IM TRYING LOL and I do? Yes
Haven't heard much about
You can live to be a hundred if you give up all the things that make you want to live to be a hundred" ~ Woody Allen
Thanks to my besti for getting me a national champ poster!!
Oh, thx for story about eBird app. W/ that I can brag abt stuff like the Common Yellowthroat I saw today to someone who cares!
it was incredible! Live music, 24 dancers, gorgeous set and lighting - what a well-rounded treat! Congrats and thank you!
Home from work. Doing homework? No.
Hearing the sound of your voice makes me want to cut my ears off.
tired yet bored. The worst combo.
digged the University of Wyoming vintage 'Pokes' shirt today! Dope for sure!
Most of the best players I've know have been women.
lol I'm pretty sure there is a reply button.
Am I the only one that cries when simba's dad dies in the lion king :(
Great experience at the children's hospital with the team! - GO DAWGS
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Since love grows within you, so beauty grows
I WILL :D
Songs are as sad as its listener.
Yep! and ! thanks for following us!
A classic! (headphones on)
yes I did idk if I believe that
Thanks for the follow
We can't wait for in the next episode of #80plates onto the next round!
not me mine plays music ^__^
I, I'm not living life, I'm not living right, I'm not living if you're not by my side <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
I'm sure he appreciates it Kay! See you on the tweet out tomorrow :)
Not gonna lie: the accents are making me a little bit homesick for Texas.
don't know about you, but new NAM making me nervous with SE pm winds after am convection, rob us of 70s in #mke?
Eating 5 - 6 small meals keeps your metabolism higher than if you eat 3 larger ones.
Love it!
follow back!
OH: "My retirement plan is a rope." /via
Good Morning! :D
"In order to climb the highest mountains, you also have to walk through the lowest valleys"
Welcome back, you are hitting up the Brat Stop over X-Mas? Always interesting & great people watching.
sorry I'm not sorry
in spanish? or all together? lol
We came. We saw. We got weird. Thank you NOLA.
you have a message! thank you!
he sleep
Going Saturday to for #Barnstormer. Too bad no barn stops in upstate NY, but this will still be fun.
any advice? rt Move = done. Bad news = major problems with Bekins & broken furniture & a manager who hung up on me. Advice?
Reading "Diamond Age" has made me appreciate the dictionary feature on my
Well that was quick Pav...
The stadium I crazy quiet lml. You can hear an ant snore
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Starbucks - Starbucks (live updates)
What are you going to be for Halloween?
The Northville office welcomes our Associates who traveled from our other offices today--it's great to see you all again!
Why is everyone talking about Silma all of a sudden?
Love that you sent an email asking people if they'd like to be on the Life is Art email list & not just put people on it.
Doors are now open at #ALOA! Come see us at booth 409. First 50 people here are entered in the iPad raffle!
Jersey better be ready for us.
It's so cold in this classroom!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
All I Have To Say Is Wow
u wanna share some of that?? XD
Showing up late to your own presentation - Things not to do to get a good grade. #CommonSense?
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]<U+2661>23
thanks for the postings regarding Inhumane treatment of animals. This here Vegan will be enjoying The Grey Saturday night.
Busy Week! Playing a private party Tues, Staff party AND show at Time Out on Thurs, and O'Riley's on Sat! Yowwie!!!
POW!!! RT When life gets harder, congratulations! You must've just leveled up.
“: I LOVE a praying man!”
I only wish truly appreciated the awesomeness of the pumpkin black bean soup he just ate. He just eats to eat. Not to enjoy.
Getting excited for #recreate12. #recreate10 and #recreate11 have been important moments in my life.
Love my gift bag. Many thanks !!
That moment when when you feel like today was a good day !!!!
okay! I'll follow you! Thank you!
I am writing a post with my favorite quotes from "Thus Spoke Zarathustra" by #Nietzsche :)
Just made my day
Where Are You?Haha
I just can't.. really though.
Damn girl, if I would have known I would totally have been down for some #buddaburger action
What browser?
Some nice wines at the 2009 UGC tasting today, but now I'm craving some real wine
Interested to see what is outlined in the final #ACO rule today.
Oh the joys of subway
I've got to get back to Colorado, not to 'die instantaneously', just to be here #astd2012 :)
Tell Nicolee I MISS HER SOO MUCH
Also on today's show, regular contributor Steve Almond discusses Mark Smith's account of the Cannabis Cup & the pursuit of "dankness."
Cody has left the band for personal reasons so until we figure out what we are doing we will be on another hiatus.
How free speech works: you say something revealing yrself as sexist, racist, or just an a-hole, & others get to call you out. Any questions?
It's 5 o'clock somewhere, right?
RT : The FFA folks do service while in town RT : Welcome to Indianapolis FFA! WE ARE HAPPY THAT YOU ARE HERE!
I agree!
happy mother's day Kaye!
you are so screwed...
if staying at Pops Lake for SPAC I rented a bus to go back & forth. $20 round trip. Let me know if anyone wants in.
And my stomach its fucked up:(
12 consecutive hrs with 2 best friends ,3 BBQs,90 miles driven.It's Labor Day, labor indeed but completely worth it
On our way to mt. Charleston to do a photoshoot :) new stuff soon everyone!!
I'm a big, big fan of 's silver blazer from last night!
Bailey<3 please follow me(: im from Washington to! (:
Talk to RT : Happ gettin smoked tonight, do people still wanna talk shit about the trade now?
AND on my new phone I don't know how to turn off the camera sound!
had 1 of the best workouts i've had in awhile 2day, & think im playin when im say im gonna b bigger than them
I sat there for about an hour but everything sold out LOL. But I got 15th row in Sec 3 during regular sell :) what section
alright cool guy, may be the insomnia speaking but way to go in being mature about this (y) you rock!
How do you expect forgiveness from Lord when you can't give it or accept it.
Ready for this new episode! I'm addicted
Cheers 2 U! ": ALL #smwmiami'ers are invited to our official closing reception See you there!"
Listening to Make Me Famous because I don't give a flying fuck.
And wins #Masters prediction made on Sorry
ah i know!!! im so excited!!! thank you for my birthday gift & the beautiful card (; love you <3
I had a good weekend. What about you?
idk it's like a messing up twitter day haaha lolz
Hope chase gets drafted ......he's a baller
Totally wish I was seeing tonight =(
I don't remember what I was saying...(X haha,sorry about that!
YES! We got a break!
#FF just She's the bomb!
Reporting on env increasingly "hazardous duty pay" -- focus of today's column I'll write for SEJournal. It's ugly out there.
VERY true! RT “: People always expect more of you when you're a pageant girl~”
Why are people on the North Shore so obsessed with roast beef?
don't worry bout it!
I'm the type of girl that turns the music way up loud just to tune out reality.
PFI Top 5: online banking, surcharge free ATM, convenient locations, bill pay & mobile. Can your credit union compete?
live right now and everyday on XRADIO.BIZ
It's amazing what you can get accomplished when you don't procrastinate!
no such thing as a family when a banker runs your team and dumps valuable assets to avoid a luxury tax
Broke a tooth today. Thanks, Dr. Schmidt and for fixing it so fast.
Am I wrong for having standards????
I'm not saying its your fault she is just upset...
It's MSNBC or the Obama Network RT ": MSNBC is still airing Obama singing clip. It was a week ago.”
New Wine tasting kicks off today, 4 wines for $14. This weekend Fresh Arugula Salad and Herb Meatballs with romesco Sauce! Enjoy.
LET'S GO RANGERS!!!!
Hey is sent you my outline can you print it please!
Lies ebook vendors tell: we're broke. 300% is as bad as it will get. Publishers are forcing us to not let you own your ebooks.
success... Propensity for increasingly positive impact on others' lives.
But that was Serenity, he couldn't have that kind of one-on-one climax In a story about a teaming coming together.
Sure, recommendations for what exactly?
i am. a. real. nigga.
we won't be there :(
whoops.. Probably you beauts thing! Have fun asking Tic to fix it (;
Getting ready for Doug Stamm's keynote address at
Metro DFLer will vote YES on #Vikes Stadium. Still critical of financing, but calls it only shot at creating jobs now
it is gona happen the same day you marry Vic ;P
checkout www.spiritflowtv.com tonite worship was awesome sign up get updates
Ofcourse Edwin would be no where to be found smh
Everyone! Follow and give them a shout out! their considering using our single "Gorgeous" in one of their videos!
Never allow yourself to be treated as nothing. Life is about making wise decisions and NOT about making yourself the foolish one
Joshua Brief, I miss you! I want to see you soon! kthanksss <3
yeah buddy. 1,000 catches. Way to go Hines!
I want lebron take last shot Plz I want him to be the MVP and win this game
coffee always starts the day off right :) morning all!
Anything you can't do I can't do better. I can't do anything better than you!
Waiting to file the marriage license!
Make the switch honey. : ) RT : awesome! didn't know! i'll switch :) you used to have...
bahaha and when i told that boy next to us to turn off his phone lmao funny funny
If 'If' was a fith, my life would be iffy.
If only you knew...
Scary, yes. But still . . . yay for accountability!
All right we got you. Are you in town BBall game tonight.
#getitin >>“: My whole weekend is one long #writingsprint. I'm on #WritingHouseArrest.”
The minute anyone's getting anxious I say, You must eat and you must sleep
no other symptoms tho, except 4 complaining of stomach aches.
but there is no proof evolution exists and if there really is proof, then it's just God messin with ya 8)
Uecker is hilarious... love him. :) "It's kind of a Schwarzeneger-type thing. Beefcake, speedo, pretty buffed. It's really enhanced."
Never forget your foundation or your house will eventually crumble
Nominations are still coming in for the Second Annual Art Awards at Art San Diego Contemporary Art Fair. Noms will be revealed next month :)
#IHMITA weekend: FRIDAY - Concert, SATURDAY - Conference, Teen Summit, New Artist Showcase, & SUNDAY - Legends Ball
Idk if I can take sitting beside this lady today her voice is annoying me
Nothing more frustrating than ppl using seen instead of saw.
Just had a Dr. Pepper 10. Suck it. Where's your man police now?
Love this!! (Gabby is in ICDS fall semester 2011) RT This study abroad trip has truly turned me into a conscientious tourist.
Be the first 5 callers and receive our Special of the night- Bring 10 or more people and get a bar tab of $10!!
Love your blog and you too Cyndi, thanks for following!
21% have no Internet at home. May have access to Internet at work.
According to Las Vegas Review Journal's , #Jets QB Mark Sanchez is at Mayweather-Cotto fight.
Fair warning: I am in a phenomenal mood today :)
we are playing a show with authority zero and voodoo glow skulls on 2/8/12 in buffalo,ny at mohawk place. gonna be a sick show.
Hi ! We'll send you a McCafe on us! DM us with your info!
that's one talented, and odd, dude.
Ambria DeMire Paul, come with me to South Carolina State...
lol it's cool, yo secret safe with me
Go to sleep like me right now . xD night Stef !!
Changed my name from "Boy Belieber". we're all the same.
They're great ... very optimistic messages. i.e Can't have peanuts? NO BIGGIE! :)
I use to live in Chicago for 3 years. I just moved to Miami. Rachael is in Lincoln Park. She is an amazing facialist!
this bunting is out of control
I miss
Praying for safe trip home 4 you & encouragement w all you are doing & accomplishing, touching so many lives so wonderfully!
KU has not looked bad most of this half...
freaky shit O.o
thats no bueno lol but i hope your day goes better tomorrow
Monday morning coffee, so so good.
Holy crap, Andrew Brietbart died? May he find peace, and may no one walk in his ideological footsteps.
you're welcome tony! Enjoy you're weekend!
please take off the video i am begging you
Hey tweeps! Who's going to sxswi??
Teachers Teaching Teachers broadcasts from #minecraft this week; lemme know if you can join in Wednesday night
Must be on an Asian food kick. Had last night, homemade stir-fry leftovers for lunch & eating at new place tonight!
Definitely follow! -->
Rock on - 6 likes in just a couple of days.... tell your friends and associates to LIKE this page so we can reserve the URL name.
god damn Shorty we don't do that not that u would np me u was in grammer school. A Shorty u cool
Calgon....Take me away!!!
Because your eyes are always honest. They will always be telling the truth even if your mouth is telling a lie.
Its to damn early to be awake >_< Gonna eat the breakfast my dad made then go back to sleep :D
Hey fans! Today we are launching our "Quest for 1,000"!
One more time...... ONE MORE TIME!!! TEXAS ASSAULT BACK TO BACK ADIDAS SUPER 64 CHAMPS!!
Ah the sun is out and today there will be as many hours daylight as Night!
I Swooped Dis Girl Up.
..starting to think bathtubs might be just as much part of the problem as drugs & human natures
Hi Beth! Glad to be following you! I'm gonna send you something next week on a story idea about an amazing lady. Thanks!
I let it all off my chest to you I hope you understand how I feel now
RT : Need lots of clean, cheap #water? Head to #MKE. Pumps 100mgd—could pump 200mgd. Few cities have surplus H2O.
while you're at it, the hoverstate for the "profile" arrow is broken & the loupe icon is poorly anti-aliased… I could go on.
What's the best movie you've seen lately? I have a feeling I'll be headed to see The Avengers tonight...
THAT'S WHAT IM SAYING!
...and now Meatloaf. Glee is tugging at the heart strings of my childhood
Feeling an Aggie dub and a three hit day
But B&N knows future is digital. So if DC is going to favor Kindle Fire over Nook what choice do they really have?
have y'all ever thought about adding vampires to the mix? that'd be pretty awesome!
plush and comfy!!
to err is human, and i'm PLENTY human...lol
clay Matthews, Jeremy Thompson, are two. Greg Jennings one?
im sick. have a lady doctor appt today.. woo. am i the only person on earth who enjoys going? i have fun
February 13. Ends in city park with a big party.
I am getting a CYR wheel.
There noting better then positive motivation
How come everytime i meet sumone cute they taken!!!:/ smh
fuck all these music video wanna be model hoes and hood rats, they fuck the world up for going that route, its a shame they have no brain
Happy Valentine's Day! Hope you enjoy this time by appreciating yourself as well as your loved ones! Many Blessings to You Always. SFS
i'll upload it when i get home. LOLOL
The #Patriots trade up to the 21st pick to select #Syracuse DE Chandler Jones
Y Don Omar ha ganado un premio!!
I wish you success. I remember mine. Lost 8 lbs despite a diet of 60% junk food and crap
Just like my dawg say "BIG DAWG STATUS, I NEED A BEWARE SIGN!!!"
you forgot NYC !
What would you be doing if you weren't blessed with your awazing voice?!
Cute!! I was gonna name my dog Lola! Funny :) Everyone thinks Coco is a lab when we go somewhere&then they see a little Yorkie
ah midterms!
what's in that black boys head that makes him so eloquent...?/his rap potent
Did u say chocolate?CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE CHOCOLATE!!!!
Checking out the Alabama bands at Lucys Retired Surfer's Bar.
Despite my wife's best vegetarian efforts, my daughter's love of #bacon is strong :)
Females be sayin "Ima make him wait for dis pussy"niggas dont care ! dey fuck someone on the side until you give up yours its a dirty game.
TRAFFIC: Multi-vehicle accident EB I-90 near High Crossing Blvd. Backups expected
no, no its not.
my birthday is in the spring. What a nice gift this would make :)
she's free to audition at any time
Thanks! RT : I love the historical research that this site shares with the world.
Yes sir! Don't even TELL me you like "he who shall not be named" haha
I'LL GO ON A RUN WITH HER!
RT : RT What did you think of last night’s game? < It was a nail-biter late. Especially the final...
Hazard Insurance - What it is and how to buy it by Chuck
Cooking with
C'mon, let's quote more movies!
Baby you light up my world like nobody else
hope so.... Its my first time
hawaii should just be a country allready we always get excluded
Im a loyal person above most but, I refuse to compromise my faith and self-respect. A fading mindset in our society <Belinda Jackson>
"I'm a jeep kind of guy." So..........you're broke but pretend it's your butchness.
whats up man glad you still champ!!! this pic is WM23 when u met with us at the hotel, let me know when u are back in DETROIT
This guy
Totally. They blow. And blow hard. I can't wait till the Pirates can renegotiate their tv deal.
- How many sigs did you get today? Don't forget to hit the victory/not so victorious parties
yes! Brands like Betsy Johnson, Vera Wang, Buffalo by David Bitton, Forever 21, and Express are a few labels we have now.
Disgusted at and live i have stopped auto remewal and they are still charging me i dont even have an xbox anymore!!!
I'm in London for family visiting; happy it coincides with #sexualcultures conference (assuming I'll be able to register onsite...)
Thank you Ryan!!!!
Awwwwwtears I feell these ladies but they so hard with each other
Pretty pumped for Joe's Crab Shack!
You know, he's right that the industries are different. Cost of new entry in online tax prep SW market is much lower.
Coffee #3 to get through class...could be worse considering I fell asleep while holding coffee #1 on plane earlier (go me for not spilling!)
Entitlements? Do we do away with social security and other programs that protect people who've been shut out with no chance to compete?
“: is currently a home run away from the cycle tonight” GO ERIC!
A6: It creates an opportunity for equipment manufacturers to really start pushing safety features.
go to Then go to
I must admit, I personally measure success in terms of the contributions an individual makes to their fellow human beings.~Margaret Mead
Are y'all coming tomorrow still?
I might not be at the Aventura concert but my girls keep calling me for almost every song lol... "Hoy es noche de sexo"... I love them!
I have my iPad and Blackberry… its just annoying
Hey everyone add me on Facebook to(:
because it conceives of power as distributed across different groups in society, shifting over time and issues.".
Come dog
[Campus Bulletin] To improve the green image of our campus, we will soon be painting all construction fences and barriers green.
- some advice re your contract talks: go with your heart.
The Rangers are the only current MLB franchise which has yet to win a playoff series.
Almost time for lyceum auditions!
Yes(: and you wont believe what i got in it!!
My mouth is dryer then the basement of a house
Tonight's 'super Moon,' is as much as 14 percent bigger and 30 percent brighter than other full Moons of 2012. See it biggest at 11:34 EDT
Everyone who ordered merch in the last month will be getting a free wristband with their order due to the delay. Thanks for being patient!
Lisa: smart and frustrated by all the idiots around her. ;) (unless they made up a character, then I'd be a regular at Moe's.)
Living young and wild and free ...
M dark chocolate.
josh! hey! what's up?(:
te pege strep throat through twitter :( sorry
lol r u guys watching bridesmaid?
it's hard not to have weddings on the brain with this Spring like weather! Call or email us to set up an appointment.
John Adams mini series deserves to win every award. It was amazing
you gonna be there Friday and Saturday too? Like hanging out not playing?
Thank you, Conner Prairie! Does using twitter make -you- feel like you're traveling back and forth through time?
RT : Average price of regular gasoline in Japan has reached its highest level in 3 years. Must be Obama's "lack" of US...
You have an amazing voice, you are one of my favorites on #AMERICANIDOL! (:
Just for grins, I thought I'd make real fried french fries and chicken strips. I fried them in oil...nasty!
I just did the scared white girl face <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Oh my tish. #psych is so crazy!
If you are following on Twitter but not connected on LinkedIn, go to my profile and send a connect invite. www.linkedin.com/in/jswann
My name's Korinna and I like to sit at the library and criticize my boyfriend for not doing work.
Just as bats' eyes darkened the light of day, just as the intelligence of our soul obfuscate the obvious things.
Hit me up tomorrow and I'll throw one out to ya!
thanks hun I really appreciate it!
I hate the whole "getting to know each other" stage.
aww man it would of been dope Tray The Chocolate Aldermen
It's May....educators living in #Pearson's world.... ....
Believe in miracles but don't depend on them.
How you done der get dat light up there? Loving the big city lights in Chicago
Aw nuts. They should be getting more in soon then.
Coca-Cola IMU
“ will be in DC shooting MLK mem dedication! If not would be on roof top tour shooting Irene #BU roof top
How great is our God! Jesus, you reign over all! <3
"That's what you said last season!"
An ERA near 7 at Memorial Day is Suppan-ish. He's got two starts left to avoid this.
i wanna go to a rave after this semester....i need to get somethin off my chest and if I can't say it I'll just dance al night lol
I tweet about Justin Bieber once and I got spammers now hah(x
Where's my friends when I need them...?
I have met Vic. He was on my podcast :)
adding friends to my twitter account
I want a card for every day
MT: Keen to explore PacificStandardTime goodness rolling out in the Southland? Pacificstandardtime.org is super helpful
Enough talking. More listening.
Bra I'm out here I see you miss practice again? Where you at? Me are drunk at the bar
Some people like to make life a little tougher than it is. --Cake
Bunker on left behind tree, water tower on right.
that happens all the time :,( I hate it
Just got invited to 's birthday. Supposedly it's in the city and SUPPOSEDLY she's going to make it there... Happy Birthday!
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Potato Leak and Lentil. Sugar-free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
production club meeting tonight at 7pm in room B91!!
meant to get at you yesterday but congrats on the commit! I visited UNC this fall (not for bball obviously) and loved it!
One more FUCKING WEEK & my vacation will be ON!
"i am at the grocery store and i threw a tub of ham in someones cart and told the child sitting in it to keep quiet, i am the police”
What an end to the #Brewer game!!! Unique double play.
My wife wrote a line in Life Tracker and somehow it found its way into the trailer :)
your so weird..
Let me borrow 2k12 and u can, I have the 2012 NCAA Football
thanks so much.
Lol! I like that song!:]
Gettin down in cincy tonight feels good to be home, come rock!
jabshsgsjsososuwhdbdksosissjsnsnaoaoauhanakaoaiajsns almost time to leave indiana
Loading things to Etsy! It's only taken me...45 weeks. /: username: RyMoPaintPhoto
Preparing to welcome my new website volunteer tomorrow morning. Looking forward to having her help for the next two and a half months!
It was good Detroit. Back to Cinci though.
best believe justin bieber would and will be my babydaddy. Lol
Will it be in stores?
Leopard print tattoo down my back? Yusss! (;
Wow Kay.... I'm fine... Would you text me woman?! Gods you are silly!
50 used to be that nigga
bleugh its the same here.....lets go to america. now.
I have noticed I have not been very intentional about communicating with people in MY area - reach out if you are in/around #Philadelphia!
Bored... Phones getting ZERO love <<<
When the Gophers beat the Wildcats in basketball and it's called an upset, you know the program is really in the tank.
Help a street team out? Follow ! :)
I think so. And was staring at me still
smh dang and if y'all pick me up, I will...
Yes, I enjoyed this weather today. Was fortunate to have the day off -
But Heyman is better than you
RT : Glad you r back! Thank you so much!
Life is fill with test, its how u study an prepare for it that determines the outcome
Hey Mama!
Headed back to US, highly recommend Ireland. The people make it nice, only met one jerk for entire trip, a very low jerk/normal person ratio
I am far more concerned about Comcast prioritizing its own traffic than I am about what counts towards your cap.
Lol I can play this game better than you think.
i can't DM now
D; Well, I'll never have to buy blush
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!:)
I just got threaten thru a text lmfao. These h.es a trip today!
haha you beat me to twitter!!!
White House Correspondents Fashion: To Be Sexy or Not to Be Sexy, That Is the ... - Hollywood Reporter
No place like Home Depot - Lodi News-Sentinel
Followers, are you major vloggers? Share your experience if you'd like. I Have a Youtube account and may consider it next year.
plays Tony Blair so well that I find the real Tony Blair staggeringly unconvincing.
Awhh. You were so cute. lol.
it's on! see you in the am!
So busy in startupland tonight…crazy
Refers to a prior tweet. My dad and his "First off Amy".. omg. Oh and his "Jefamy" instead of Jeff or Amy.
haha ones enough for me lol
tweeted 24 hrs ago. I said #Graeme McDowell who beat #Tiger @ Chevron #golf 2010 will beat him again TODAY. No #PGA win Tiger!
there was 546 tweets in the following 20 sec ive been counting
added you :D
A girl’ll run her mouth only outta spite
What?!? Did you not grow up in America or something?
Yooo Knife Party is so dope
See how Twitter followers keep growing? That's how customers and representatives keep growing in our business opportunity!
Just bought #PutItDown on iTunes! It's perfect. you have a #1 hit on your hands. Keep making me love you. Waiting for the album
I know. I missed at least 30 seconds of the hockey game to see that mess. not turning the channel anymore
there is also a Paris metro station called Dupleix. I like to think it is named after the studio.
it's a sixth sense I have.
A pizza joint called H is coming to H Street soon! Will be located next to Can wait to get a pie!
RT : He gets Norris looking on an 83mph off-speed pitch. #MSU has now stranded 15 runners. 1-1 at the stretch
the #vegan chili from is some of the best I've had. So happy they are just downstairs!
#Avengers was a true revitalization of #Marvel's superhero films. Can't wait for what's next
Wish I could JW. Hopefully next time.
My mail carrier is awesome! I just called the post office to let them know that she is awesome!
that u wrote yep but u fell asleep n I just saw it now n I said yea
Of course the minute I find parking it starts down pouring :P
Yea boy! What's the plan? Dinner with Ted first? RT : Can't wait to see tonight with
": Kobe hairline or labron hairline witch one leaving!!lol" both of them car pooling. Lol
And the crowd goes crazy!!!
The Cold War is too much for me to handle
Very clever ideas about sharing digital library content on wikipedia
cardamon in my coffee makes me smile
yess! I miss ur pool and ur basketball goal!!
S/o to the sexy ! Smoke one with a nigga
Today marks the 91st Birthday of the blessed woman who brought me into this world. She is full of wisdom & joy for all the days of her life
Lights back on. AC now working. Things are looking up. Please don't let me down again
If you have the words with friends app add me... SheriW20 :-)
there definitely needs to be something other than 'like' to refer to bookmarking something that you don't like though :/
Come, get to know the TheaterWHeart! We're interested in what you have to say about black theater and the arts...
Hey realtors, ask me how to get a mobile website for $99
I'm the MFCOO. I gotta have one of these for my game!
Lmfao! RT : I know what life u not bout...this Asian life lol
Hey Julia Thanks for the #fridayreads shoutout
this will be the longest week...waiting for our show to air on 48 Hrs Mystery...come on Saturday...HURRY!
Well Patriots got half the yard ready for seed. Now if I lived closer to DC could get some fertilizer. U know how much BS is down there.
I hate when people say "this kinda weather only happen in GA " no bitch ! This shit happen everywhere else , you only happen in Ga
Nori Aoki is officially my favorite
& I are joining & for 1st #studentvoice chat Mon 8:30pm EST. Join the chat on what makes a great teacher!
Prepping for St Pattys day with &
any idea when more details are coming?
are you still in Mia?
#Computer stuff we found funny in 1995: Does fuzzy logic tickle? / Backups? We don't need no stinkin' backups. / Access denied --nah nah
Way to go I may have to check out
I have the best bf in the world
never a pen. get your head out of you arse. Coates had the ball
i hate celebs on here who talk about how fed and lonely they are...how many msg back did you get after that last one ?
Backyard full of tumble weeds #nmwx Rio Rancho, NM Northern Meadows area
My cat needs her own docking station.
Y.O.L.O is not an excuse to be a HOE
dranks on me
They say that love is forever, your forever is all that i need. <3 ~Sleeping With Sirens
So uh, everybody should go to the spring show tomorrow. :) In the auditorium, starts at 7, $5. See ya there. <U+2764>
What Disney&#39;s $200 Million Marvel&#39;s The Avengers Opening Weekend Means For The Video Games
The FREE Comedy Intro with Jackie Geary will be held at 10545 Burbank Blvd # 105 North Hollywood, CA 91601 this Thursday at 7pm.
lmaoooo de ba. I'm watching CSI, and nobody ever gets away with murder :p
RT : for your free wellness evaluation! BMI, Fat%, Visceral Fat & Resting Metabolism. Visit www.sunnynutrition.com
amazing #NYR game
Most collecting archives have collection development policies that outline what they will take
We need to know God’s power is unlimited, but He needs us to believe, He moves in an atmosphere of faith.
To the store I go!
I think was just driving behind me in the valley.
Crying so hard because I miss <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
IS HATING 1D REALLY GONNA MAKE U A BETTER PERSON???? NIGGA
Seeing titanic in 3D with
Did I just get creeped on at work by a not creepy guy....
Try placing evergreens that grow berries around your garden
Senior prom night!!!
We have a new server ready - vpn30 OpenVPN (SSL) server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
archive, since i use my inbox as my to-do list
lmao yeah it's cool shit happens for a reason
Choice Hotels Int'l Q1 Profit Rises; Lifts FY12 EPS View - NASDAQ
real eyes realize real lies...
Avengers, 9:45, Security Square Mall, who's coming with me?
Every time people come in with alcohol it's bud light
Heaven is: finding a real bathroom at
no! You are!
I gotta say... This year ive met some amazing people. #IThankGod for putting them in my life (:
send me a picture!!! I wanna see
I know I do. some say we should shy away from it. but Colson always reminded us to ENGAGE the culture.
Making things happen
omge I just read the whole article crying here its so inspirational I love u perez marry me lol :)<U+2665>
WATCHING AND THE #FOURPLAY CREW! WOO
My pleasure, Porter, necessary info! And thanks for the fine RT, George :-)
had a wonderful Christmas time in Boston, now back in NYC.
I'll bring a bottle of wine.
LMAO I love this song
If there's one thing I've learned this year I know this.... when ppl truly care about you, they show it and you know it.
I miss
DEAR #MICHEALJACKSON >>> BILLIE JEAN WAS NOT MY LOVER EITHER... ;-\
fancy footwork tonight. Loved it!
Marking up my Film Festival Guide. SO MANY CHOICES!!!
thanks for the shoutout!
All32Grammy accepted songs released by Simon Thunder,Dylan Thunder, Ian Thunder,Oxygen Detonation& Suicide Or Famous r on sale iTunes&Amazon
Each day i wake up is another chance, i'll make a difference.
come out! I don't have a ticket but I really want to see you!!
eu também. omg
It's sad how many people based their lives off of the movie swingers.
Quake Arena Arcade still needs an official Wikipedia entry. Any volunteers?
cool, I can send you a picasa link, im gonna organize them this weekend
In lead-up to 6pm unveiling of , I’ll be tweeting top 10 reasons why Nissan needs to end its operations in Iran -
guys if you want a shoutout go follow ! it's a fan account for :)
I think I'm getting dumber
Thanks to and for an amazing season of Screen on the Green!
` Speak not of it, lest it smite you further.
Did you guys consider living in CWE? I think thats the top area to live in the city. How is your place working out?
love , kcool. go follow her, trololol.
Well its all over now, but I will definitely miss working with the other counselors, you all made it worth it.
bumpin ring ring to try nd get up. not the same
Goals for the rest of May - Spend more time on #Google+, , and , maybe Pinterest too...
I have to admit that video is pretty amazing!!!
sets new career high w 112 points this season. 4 away from all-time record.
no doubt
Thanks - lunch with at #Lola was fantastic as usual and the cookies from the bakery are a-mazing!
I know I haven't tweeted much lately. Busy busy writing. On a deadline. I will be back in May!
you're my first victim hahaha!
okay you want me to edit it or no
You guys outdid yourselves. The album is ballin. I wish you big shows and lots of free beer.
u got things ready for summer of love? Also let me know next fusion date may take some youth!!!
You let Dem know GuRl
Gettin some #Subway!!
Come on body. Come on. Time to get up. There's furniture to move. Up, up. More coffee. Come on. (groan........)
Drive safe people! Don't speed! Po Po everywhere in Miami!!!
I developed an intolerance to them, I get awful stomach cramps for the rest of the day. RT : I'm never eating bananas again.
Jelly. RT : Tonight's dinner: pizza hut mini pizza, 3 breadsticks, and McDonald's fries.
task management, a great web app with a shit mobile experience. No surprise, as it's developed and designed by ex-Facebookers.
What did we miss?
Just watched a really cool video on youtube.... Leighmill.. Search for this vid. Send comments to me.
Life is like a roller coaster and I'm about to throw up.
Editing a new video...Yay!
It is not necessary that whilst I live I live happily; but it is necessary that so long as I live I should live honorably.
is the patio open for dinner?
Off to another day at ! Hope everyone is having a great Monday.
Completely obsessed with the graphics on the K2 Missdemeanor! Tried them out years ago in VT, def want to try this years.
Don Omar to start shooting Fast & Furious 6 this summer in Europe.
Check out our new feature! Work with your "teamer" to achieve goals together! www.IamINC.biz
They need to take some off these pointless calls out of the nba
We recorded music for two new songs tonight :] Just another good day of hangin' out.
It's all over but the shouting, but don't worry: It's going to be some great shouting.
Oh.. :( I'm Still Gonna Miss You Mommy :( I Wish You Could Get On :(
It is Friday were you an Impact this week? If so how? If not why? God Bless and TGIF!
hahah makes sense! Thank god is almost summer (:
Business still slow but you both still get $ :) RT YAY does that mean & I get more money on payday
lol.....good morning to u too boo boo! And thank u!!!!
soo pumped for the VMAs ur gonna do amazing!:) god luck;)
About to kick some elementary school ass! Hate my childs school.
ride the lighting KIM ride it like its your BITCH!!!
this one was definitely written with Woody in mind.
Detroit needs some economic growth
gird your loins
Aww why are you so sweet?
Voices in the Clouds now has more than 500 fans on FaceBook. Now we shoot for a 1000!
Nothing better than a spring time hike. Where's your favorite place to escape for the weekend?
I got some Sexy Followers (;
Well said!
Know of a college student who is analytical, technologically savvy, and great at project work. Send resume to .
Lazy people fact #567897654567 -You are too lazy to actually read that number.
I live in #DC, so know drinks are expensive. But charging $28 to actually have #bourbon in a basic drink? you lost a fan.
Thats when you gotta start handin out backhands like Halloween candy lol
follow please raise autism awareness musically
good night!
lol. Why would I ask him? XD
omg he will be on punked on my birthday :D
Happy Hour starts in 3 1/2 hours. Meet you here!
tear jerker :') loved it!
Sorry about that! The contest is over anyway, so I'll remember to actually link the form next time. Thanks for the heads up!
In the zone.
What does the NRA have to say now. How did #standyourground ever get this far.
Turks in DC? Anywhere?
« Gemini love to travel, and need to take frequent short trips to recharge their energy. (1)»
I need that mixtape on the site bro..
Whatever decision you make, it does effect everyone around you whether you want to admit it or not. Choose wisely. Be smart!
NOT AT ALL gotta go with OLEMISS Alum #TEAMELI! that Victor Cruz aint to shabby either ;-) Lets Go Giants!
My co workers spoil me at work
so many things to do, where do I start?
Had the honor to perform for Sharon Osbourne today! She was very generouse with compliments, and I absolutely adore her!!!
Please, please, please don't drive drunk. And please realize you are not the only thing on the road. Watch out for bikes and pedestrians
Let your phone help you de-stress: check out the Headspace Meditation app for iPhone and Android!
Baby J & right now at Palo Alto College -1400 W Villaret at the Ozuna Building! Get your taxes done for FREE with VITA!
Justin's shirtless picture >>>> my ovaries
: AH!!! you're coming to Chicago?!!!! hit up #Jakespub and talk/meet my friend Sean #bartender you'll <3 it!!!
The packet-switching network is not so much for humans as it is for "storage" as a temporal event of the computer itself.
": hi julie" hi robble head!
RT : - #LakersFans don't know wtf to do with themselves right now. Lol &its so funny.
"Need a job, move to Texas." - USA Today
More online training. Who casts the actors for these videos? For real, I want to be in one! I think and I would be awesome!
This is not a joke: The main course for tonight's WH/UK State dinner is: Bison Wellington.
is playing "No Diggity" at 5:30am. I approve.
I really do fucking hate glue and everything involved with it
Then I will help you even more!
Workin on some new stuff for Deathbeat Jam and tonight with Brian. We're gonna make some enoyable noise =] lol
Espresso and risotto for breakfast. Hopefully the Italian embassy doesn't staff a culinary sacrilege enforcement team…
awkward when we play 4th place C, and were the loudest people in the band.
Life and love, books on inner light (newest kid's book Shelly and the Circle of Light) Many blessings!
haha you are the one exception. You are welcome to knock and stay for hot chocolate.
right...it kills me when these up &coming singers rappers& models think they have made it while still paying 4 all those things
what's that?
I had a dream that Michael Buble hung out with me and my friends in LA. We took him to get fried chicken at Honey's Kettle.
Fire up your metabolism with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
plz help me my laptop dont work I put a pluge in it. Nothing works plz help me
Making fresh whole chicken soup with herbs and veggies. Cant wait til its ready!
You're so funny Thomas! Hopefully #TSC will end up on another channel. Joshua will still get a record deal top 3 always do.
Just because i let you go, doesn't mean i wanted to
I love :) thank you for everything Miss Never! <3
That must have been a serious BM. HAHAHAHA! <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00BD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
SO COOL!!! WHATS THERE EMAIL???
When you're lost and you're tired. When you're broken in two, let my love take you higher cause I still turn to you.<3
right?! The 1st few races he did bad& I was like no he'll rebound but I think its too late now :(
You bet! RT Employees get more boring work done in the office and more creative work at home. -Study released by the WSJ
NO Kelvin lol
Thanks!! Help us spread the word!
cheer up sleep jean!
it sure is
You been good?
Happy leap year, everyone! We're in the BONUS ROUND of February...
really? How come & thx
RT Don't forget that carryout!! Like a prayer it will take you there...actually you would need to pick it up
Estime & Irvin Associates seeking LPN in the Tampa Bay area. Interested? Send your resume to
If a cow laughed, would milk come out her nose?
31 years since Lennon died...war is over,if you want it...
alot of folks participating in the 5K walk/run which is a part of the all-class reunion going on today in Wright Park.....good for them!!!!
what's good j .....follow back
Last night, I texted my brother to see if he knew the recipe for Disaronno on the rocks.
thanks for all Ur help this week!
I know I know
One week.
Does your provider offer good customer support? Managed hosting is here for you 24/7.
Hi stranger! How are you doing? How's the writing?
Perfect morning in Kansas City, and no rain clouds in sight! Excited for our official KS campus groundbreaking later this morning.
Exporting something at the moment that I will be sharing through WOC later in the morning.
Thank you for the mention! :)
addendum to dream job:great view,great city,great pay,great hours,and requirement to tweet,research,and expand social media empire.
Ruben is piercing all day until 9pm!!
I'm the 'gum dealer' at school.. According to Taylor&Alex(: I love you guyyss!(:
forget sugar daddys- go for plumbers!
j BrazilLovesAustinMahone j
I was good
what up girl!
...so excited you are joining us at the #lakehoustonareahomeandgardenshow on Feb 19-20 at the Humble Civic Ctr
WATCH YA MOUTH“: Fuck Autism.”
Gotta get this W tonight
me too! Rt: Can't wait to catch up w/ tonight w/a glass of wine & enchiladas tonight!
Take a min & look up @ the sky today & be humble. The world doesn't revolve around you. You are part of a larger world. Enjoy it & be happy!
ha! yeah, i heard there's good smokes on the ID/MT border, can you get on that for us chris?
same here
thanks bros
So we're finally all moved into the new house!! Woohoo!!
Don't accidentally take any StarCaps
Awww! “: At fancypants Oscar party. No wingman. Karrie bailed. Hiding awkwardness by looking busy on twitter.”
i wish oomf lived down the street :$
get ready to get your PINK ON!!
or just call me at 641-1581
U gotta act like a woman.. But think like a man..!
i dont get it
Hunger boredom want to be the worlds fattest man, all are great reasons to eat!
Again... Really?
Some people are so full of shit
what movie did you watch??
nope im coming alone my sisters stay out there and my bby bro and they mom
tell them my ipod died, imma call back when it charge lol
Let's play you watch me take a long turn w/my toy thinking I'm going to share and then I don't.
Every young girl should listen to Pres Obama's speech at #BARNARD He is so inspiring to all women
yes I have not left my bed all day.
Bending clothes is the worst chore! , it's meaningless! >.<
Thanx. Please RT to your followers.
here's to a #lazySunday and a precious new cousin :)
naw cuz. Still stop over I'm bored.
Some light fog for the morning commute then partly cloudy now and then throughout the day - monsoonal moisture making a comeback - sweaty!
Though I'm weak and poor, all I have is Yours, every single breath.
adgjlouhlkhfdawetyhgdd I'm bored.
Somehow you always bring out the best in me !! As always this Bud is for You !! <3
Acting makes me SO HAPPY and feel so ALIVE!! :)
Whatever you do, don't watch #girls in the same night--you will never recover.
Please prove me otherwise...
Two amigos yeah! You are changing the world though.
seeing Sipi Falls n Lake Victoria, watching the Cranes, the food, drinking Nile Specials... 2 many 2 count!
Im about to go home caue im about to cry
SO CUTE OMG
Where All My Laker Fans At????
have a great game tonight with the rest of your team! Denise and I will be cheering for ya!
At rehearsal
HOW YOU GONN SAY GET A LIFE WHEN YOU STAY IN EVERYONES BUSINESS BUT'CHO OWN??
“: We just won a second Pinnacle!” Woot!
Last time I visited NYC I was upstairs in that cafe every morning with my laptop.
what channel does that come on
Biggest regular season road win since Pittsburgh in '08.
It's quite dandy. :)
thank you for having Daisy Khan as a panelist for the Islam in America town hall!
Yes. Service learning connects with teaching. Connecting to broad community is more difficult, esp with soc/econ/psych divide.
did you see what Kyrie did today?
Happy New Sock Day to you! :)
#the HEAT should win the EAST.......no D Rose for Chicago & the Celtics ain't gonna make it.......
thank you and congrats!
Well it finally happened ... I go to the store & use my #Ravens M&T debit card, & the clerk says "they gotta get #Favre to backup Joe" ...
The final third of this fiction manuscript is kicking my ass. Suppose the July-like weather isn't helping. One sentence at time, I suppose.
Staying the night with my awesome Aunt!(: Girls night! Gonna watch some shirtless Jacob Black and have some fun! <3
Watching Immortals with the homies Jorge and Josh.
please follow my new account
This combo of being a night owl and an early bird is not working for me. I need to become a penguin that sleeps a normal amount of time.
and those on Apollo 1, Challenger, and Columbia
WOO HOO! 15 days until school starts! Celebrate by coming to Abq Sci Fi (and horror!) Expo THIS WEEKEND!!
": August 4th"oh cool .. how is your job coming along
We're on iTunes!
Im usually NOT this shy ?? :/
BLAM! Bitch Pudding! RT : yes Emily.
he is not!! I love him(:
at last a friend! so few people agree with us.
Me too. MT I got both of my professional jobs without knowing anyone at the institutions.
down here at , the Hilton has provided mints in both rooms.
Jan 31: Female Hip Hop Showcase- "Daughters of Hip Hop" $1,000 Grand Prize! Judged by Grammy Award Winning Producer "ROCKWILDER".
Hot Tub No Time Machine
On the way to Prestonsburg with the Democratic ticket. Last stop of the day-- the Paintsville DQ. Snickers or Oreo Blizzard?
#kids Les Miserables, School Edition at Plano Children's Theatre, Sun, May 20 2:15p: Les Mis is a story of love and loss set against...
how much will it cost to replace your jet dryer?
i want a massage
#Mets and #Rangers both win tonight
Heading to see #Final4 looking forward to an amazing evening if new entertainers Thank you
Who has Justin's album!? Because it is AMAZING.
When your dog hears noises that frighten her, it<U+FFFD>s advisable not to nurture her anxieties by comforting her
When the teacher walks by in class, I tell myself "You're gonna do this right. Don't mess this up." And then I fail.
Follow me on Twitter Add ME ON SKYPE LET' S STAY CONNECTED Skype Contact Details 8584299932 Mobile Skype Id: racecummings
Andre Agassi being interviewed speaking about his charter school and its impact on education and charter schools in general.
What am I listening to? Chick Corea / John McLaughlin Five Peace Band, Chicago Theatre 2009 ~ Crazy band, superb performance!
Im so tired somebody me wake up
what happened
will play in exchange for culinary magic.
Lmao this fool just ate a ghost pepper!! I am over here DYING!!!!!!!
Happy Birthday !!! have a Crazy Day!!
Will Delta’s Latest Move Result In Cheaper Airline Tickets?
Can i just be with someone that makes me feel like im on top of the world?
I trust my instincts :)
#Hates #when my #stomic #hurts CieraMariexoxo
you are too kind! Takes 1 to know 1 :D
oh, gotcha.
You can now earn 4% #cashback at AMF Bowling when you spend $50 or more!
Thank you! After I published it, I thought, is this too brash? Then I figured it's my own blog so I can write whatever I want
I think in going to make a list of movies I should see in the nw t couple months. I know none of these
Jet Lag by Simple Plan ft. Natasha Bedingfield
Ur album touches me daily...
Stiemsma just let all his playoff frustration out on that last block. Grown man swat.
What?! No way, that's incredible! Great job James. Very cool.
I DONT UNDERSTAND THIS DAMN CITY.
I kno but Kendall said it on air tho it sounded like bait LoL......
its embarrassing lol
birthday suit PE's
i can't wait to hear Jamez Anthony on
First pre-show giveaway of headphones goes to Congrats. DM us your mailing address + we'll ship em
It's been a while since we talked..
its so lame. like all i wanna do is stay home and cuddle. it doesnt happen very often.
My Internet life is a constant struggle between an abstract desire for privacy and a very concrete compulsion to catalog everything I do.
can eat a big fat dick.
I absolutely hate couples who kiss each other every f-ing ten seconds. Seriously I'm here to watch the f-ing game.
you and Chris brown should date again yall look good together
RT : As a backchannel, #fakedevlearn is turning out to be much more fun than #devlearn. (Agreed)
Liv Tyler popped her sunglasses on too quick yesterday but I swear there's something changed about her face..which would explain her absence
I hope you do dump me as a friend again. Because this time I wont really give a fuck.
Off to have coffee with friends...life is good!
very true.
Change your thoughts and you change your world. Norman Vincent Peale
How much longer is Rush going to be alive?
AYOOOO! Way to "Rage" it this morning everyone, and have a great weekend! Hope to see most of you tomorrow morning!
There is no answer that completely fills in the blank other than Jesus...
talked to the big boys, we're in! Email me details?
Even though we had our differences I still miss my stepmom .
Boot socks are in, let them show & peak out for ultimate impact!
lol thank you :)
just left. I love cuddling up with him and napping for a few hours :)
Just interviewed a woman by the name of Sweethome Teacup.
what about this weekend???
TA's are hard at work in the office preparing for a fantastic
Rainy day, sparsely populated Law Library, working down the Af-Am Studies list, slowly getting back on my
If you play hoops or coach and don't follow & then your wrong
Already trying to figure out how to get a bunch more because it is so fabulous.
I chose and my world was shaken, so what? The choice may have been mistaken. The choosing was not. I had to move on.
Blowin loud ion hear ya im just getting >>>>>$$$$$$$
cause the clouds r super super
New Jersey on Spring Break ?
I laughed at it! my dumb ass was looking back to see when I said that
First 200 folks in the door tomorrow night for A B & the Sea get a FREE advance copy of their brand new album!
Bed time for me. Going go bed without a answer ill take it as a no then.
sleepin like you misse the show or just heard him?
is still on vacation and thus has nothing to report to libraryland friends
tie clip is a great addition...as long as it's not a clip-on tie. We're keeping it classy.
Thank you for RT my post! You make me feel like "one of the group"
told Brian H "take care of that burn on your hand" he then sang "whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger!"
Hahahaaa!! Its Getting Closer To Fridayy(: What Day Is It Again??? x)
make sure you tune in tomorrow as Dave and Casey break down the 2012 NFL regular season schedule. Ah yeah!!!!
way false RT True or false: olives are the best.
i wanna go home and sleep!
Feelings don't die easily cause we keep feeding them with memories. That's exactly the reason why it's so hard to move on.
There's no medicine for missing you.
Thanks for the RT! It's always good to hear that businesses love Florida!
save it for the #devmke irc run Sunday at 7pm!
Its all about the MeatBalls hahahaha
had a great lunch at our new neighbor , we can't wait to come back for more fried cheese curds!
happy mother's day to all
i have attachment issues and I want more :(
Big thanks to Mike Powers & family from ! They adopted a kitten at our 24/7 Adoption Event!
Parent/teacher conferences today! Things are rockin' and rollin' with excited children and committed parents.
Let's get to 400 Followers!! Tell your friends!!
lmao hush up. U got a instagram?
you as well. Look forward to it!
On air from CAROLINA REBELLION in 9 minutes! Join the party. 1065 The end on iheartradio
That's like.. an entire gubernatorial recall campaign worth!
Looking 4 someone 2 set up a webcam & website to watch Swans sit on a nest & take care of their babies, Michigan. I do marketing 50/50. 5212
Yayyyy us!!! I'm so happy for you.
giving my puppy a bath <3
“ the thing about Wednesdays (& about God) I can never set my expectations too high :) they are always surpassed ”
Hate it when your test doesn't mention 'food marketing' once out of 100 questions
Silent auction open until 3:30! Come place your bids!
"Mom are you a virgin?" -
Computer is going so slow today!!
Sunn'Dai party was a success :)
« face me. make me listen to truth even if it breaks me.»
dude ur dad has a horse shoe up his ass lmao
Getting a massage
Trombone lessons always ruin my Saturdays.
Instead of thinking about what youre missing, try thinking about what you have that everyone else is missing
I'm a mom and an actress (The Suite Life of Zack & Cody). Thanks for asking about us! You are awesome!!! :)
Reality check re #ChrisDavis batting: he was 11-26 in previous 7 games. Still batting .299.
Very quietly...
My house smells like mexicans....
Here we go at the Meadows #2 Synphantab 5/2 Good Luck
Glad to be there #heregoesnothing RT Soo happy to hear that has joined the dark side!
Thank you, Sonny! Sonny in Springfield, OR answered someone's call for help!
haha actually we were there early ... It was a sold out game !! Not one empty seat!
Thanks for the follow! Love your #branding tips.
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled Reuben served with a cup of soup......$6.95
#BlackParentsQuotes quit open and closing the front door! you think we can afford to air condition the whole neighborhood!
perhaps :-p
Bout to hop in this shower
You know, sometimes you wish you were more like Steve Buscemi.
#GWU we hope your spring break is going well. Get ready for Meet the Dietician on March 20!
The unique Fighter<U+0092>s Workshop will take place in Los Angeles
AGREED. Yummy!
RT if you watch alex younow??(: -Shannon
Sometimes the best part of Disney is people watching. I just heard a child call his grandmother Nanu Nanu. Awesome.
I need to roll up a phaty boo batty
hmm. on one hand, glad not to agree with rick perry; on the other, wish he wasn't back-pedaling on immigration.
Playing 1D songs in the car for my mom. She's turning into a directioner guys.
are you mixologing tomorrow night?
Well I mean, is kind of already showing her boobs
love chicago
I don't believe that in December 2012 is the end of the world, I think that will happen big important changes in our world. IS
B sides > A sides. True yet again with the Zombies' Odessey and Oracle. I don't think I've found an album which defies this.
follow to my tweet about the #yotba comment rage: angry Grandpa Simpson is helping me work through the anger. ()
1 year ago today we lost and icon. Larry Townsend, you are missed.
Keep Voteing for for the #PopOff. We can do this #TeamMINDLESS. i have been voteing everyday and i will keep going :)
This just in: Canada has a lot of snow.
Haha. You're kinda right but being half right is still wrong. You so, so conveniently forgot about '04. How 'bout them Dawgs!
me! :DD i really like it..
"Acoustic Rooster & His Barnyard Band" submitted for Outstanding Literary Work - Children's Lit.
Don't do drugs .
Gm everybdy thank god for another day
Thank you so much to the man in ATL who saw my phone slip out of my pocket and got it back to me!
I'll be in my bedroom, making no sound, and pretending i don't exist.
Summer camp, church camp, sports camp, dance camp, band?? You need some custom tees! Hit us! It's what we do #SanAntonio &
Merry Christmas!
I just finished a 3.23 mi run with a time of 36:34 with Nike+ GPS.
love is complicated
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Casper Meets Wendy's Titties
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in Spain. Can we skype? Mail Klaas .com one of the seven fantastic tools
Not physically tired just mentally tired =disastrous for my exams tomorrow
Straight got her ass whooped.
I want to sneak into the backstage areas and he's throwing a big fit about me doing it lol
that's why I kiss him right in front of dem, he don't want nona dem.
"Major Payne"es por Liam Payne?:)x
I don't think Haleigh's gonna tweet back. I think she's going to sleep. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
yes. I do.
4 books about narrative, spookily, fell from highest shelf onto my iMac keyword (bending it). Maybe office is haunted by deceased Lit. prof?
I'm listening to "It's Five O' Clock Somewhere (feat. Jimmy Buffett)" by Alan Jackson on Pandora
Way to Go! RT : RT : Inteus is having a fundraiser to be able to study abroad in China. 50cents for a cookie.
guess i'ma go to class extra early today -_-
The worst time to get the urge to pee is when you're sittin in the car, in the ghetto.... At night....
Welcome! How many weeks out r u now???
I had hot coffee
now following (; follow back?:D
scrambling to get things done before mini-vacation in florida
Good morning! Choose to not criticize, condemn or complain on today.
I am so excited about our team this year. I'm ready to go the Final Four and scream them to victory!!!!
Checkin out a Phase One 645 tomorrow. Let me know if you would like to get involved in my photography...
Happy Easter all :D
I want my bellybutton pierced...
I think it's a genius move! And I'm not jusy saying that because I'm a #Gleek. :)
#Yeee Austin is here in Miami and also Matt ;)
I want the Lakers to make a statement with this game, but if the Thunder win on a last-second three from D-Fish, I wouldn't be THAT upset.
Spent yesterday porting the python topia.termextract library to Java. Should be generally available pretty soon as a bundle in
try and get everyone to follow me and please try and get austin mahone to follow me
Oh, that looks really cool. Thanks for sharing
why cant all boy be the same???!!!
I'd be important though right?
:RT: Chunk... I want this dog... please!! What about Ralph?!
now almost published KEEPER OF LOST CAUSES by Adler-Olsen one of the bests of the year - mystery/thriller w/dark humor set in Denmark
Here, here! Proud TD member. RT Happy happy birthday to - the giver of advice & master of the bloody obvious!
Hello Cleveland! 'Abdu'l-Bahá’s train is pulling into Cleveland's Union Station. A small group waits to greet him.
: nice! Have fun and safe travels.
Happy Easter Weekend! Are you Egg Hunting around the Valley? Where?
follow us at baltimorebestcrabs.com
NO I DIDN'T..
RT : I saw it twice so far. I just moved from Philadelphia area,2 months ago. I love Orlando! I live at Mosaic next to mall.
ok I'm playing....
You shouldn't tweet while driving.
yea been out since April 27th I think
Who me? Or
No... to mellow to be ours.
Thanks for the great post on how might have a role in Election 2012, live happenings like movement and tv
that's one of many reasons why I am barely ever on LinkedIn.
get @ me
Finally gonna see on July 26! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Damn ! He done made a fire!
When do you get back home?
aw u gone take me out on a date
I miss u!
Professor Trill !!!
Just shot with a cast of 22 actors, in a bar & in the rain, for 14 hours, in 5 inch heels and jeggings. That's what I call a good time!
In the words of rob dyrdek I just wanna say.. I am a man dime lol
are you gone....already?:(
Good morning twitterworld! How's it going?
we have rico, pablo, gabriela- shake dat ass, daddy yankee, carlos santana, pitbull, mammasitos, pappasitos.
What's the difference between Windows 95 and a virus? A virus does something.
cool be there soon to promote new product . ": unfortunately im in dc but I can make a trip if the trip is paid for"
Thank you for replying to fans and ordinary people! Means a lot to have a little conversation
Amazing evening. Totally worth the 4.5 hours of sleep.
soul-crushing
Event in Auburn,WA 6/25 to benefit SharedHopeInternational; org 2 save #humantrafficking victims & rescue&restore women&children in crisis!
Twinkle twinkle little skank, don't you know yo pussy stank.
Author Kristine Blair () will present @ 4:45PM session on feminist engagements & community-based participatory alternatives
nun bord just like u lol
Who knew Carson daily was still alive... I thought TRL got cancelled when Limp Bizkit got uncool
I think that first Devils goal was onsides. Looked like the puck was on the blue line before the guy lifted his skate.
Hey I know you, and this is crazy. Got lots of Drake tickets...so win some...maybe
R.I.P. Joe Frazier...He fought his last fight :( <3
RT POLL & CONTEST: What is your favorite pet blog/site? I'll announce the results & a random winner on Monday!
My book is so good but if I keep reading it, I will get motion sickness.
disgraced NBA ref Tim Donaghy back in jail for violation of his probation, man when is he going to write a book!!
in the studio
— My heart is in DC. My home/studio is in the MD suburbs. But, if you are adventurous, you're more then welcome to visit!
C. Harley Davidson Fat Boy ;)
for Skip to blame the loss on LeBron is dumb. D Wade was AWFUL. Chalmers and LeBron carried them.
In bed ready for an episode of All That b4 bed.
Dance like no one’s watching unless you’re at a funeral…then start a conga line
*yawn* Tired.
Good morning, Nile. Happy travels! x
Thank you John_Mee for the shout out about
Of Monsters and Men!
Love the Super Bowl rings! Outstanding!!!
Thanks to everyone who came out last night! It was such an awesome show. Two more to go. March 11th is next! Be there!!
Judge will only let one attorney speak. So they need to confer to answer the questions and its wating time.
your photo makes me sad
She has been a composer for 20 years and an ass for 44
let me fix that boo !
Enjoyed the educational audiology conference put on by & Questions about what children w/CIs need in the classroom?
All of Twitter is going in on Tweet her handle in the search. She is the most hated woman on Twitter since yesterday.
On our way to see 's Alice n'Chains tribute band kick ass in a reality show competition. I expect some serious back talk.
Er I wish I was watching tonight's #GOPDebate but twitter is keeping me up on the madness.
I sometimes go to my own little world, but that's okay, they know me there.
There might be 9 pints of ice cream in our fridge and like 7 separate flavors. You double up on white choc rasp truffle.
get it right I'm Bi!!! Lol #justkiddin I'm juss pumped to sleep with cuz he's a muddafuckin STUD!!
TIP OF THE DAY: Always check out the dealer add-on or staff bonus before deciding to tip. This can make a lot of difference in your profit.
only pussies talk behind peoples backs!!!
So random that and came to this doctors appointment with me
Brother's soccer game :)
and - Thanks for the thoughts on ! #FoodAllergies are never as black and white as we would want...
Portland police taking down drug house complex in north pdx. I'm on scene live
16hrs:18Mins Lapsed | 6hrs:58Mins Remaining for rendering of my new video... Transa - Behind The Sun (Time Lapse Video)
Hoping I don't have a flat tire when I get out of class, if I do I'll be late for work
All them bitches on the dancefloor. Eww
And that will do it. Way to go #BUCKY!
#WI Gov #Walker signs bill blocking local sick leave ordinances. What quality person will ever want to work for this state.
I think academia can encourage a kind of verbosity that exceeds the requirements of precision. /cc:
what color is it today?
hahah I just love this entire movie! I have it on VHS & used to watch it every wknd at my dads lol
yes I remember you. What's up?
Watching Heaven's Gate! Stunning light and camera work by Vilmos Zsigmond, but I think Cimino was smokin crack!!!
Looks like got a Twitter account now that named them in 2012's Best Bands. Hope you guys like dick pics!
Come to Five Guys Burgers and Fries at Waterford Lakes today to support BASE Camp! 5-9 p.m.
Tonight!! Tonight!! Tonight!! I'Am Queen-Enterprises Presents: 3rd Friday's at Capri's Lounge Sexy, Super Sexy, & Oh So Sexy 3rd Friday's
how is this newfound food writing going to mesh w/ Tatum's cooking classes?
I followed, can you follow me???
I wish my texting wasn't being stupid.
Opening MARISOL July 25. Email for reservations!
Xander! What's up buddy!?
Well, and I can still hear 's laugh from her new office, so I think we'll be ok.
I am updating because I can't sleep.. Woe is me.
I fuck up!!! I guess Ima pay for my actions....
"Rest oh my soul in Christ alone," by Cindy Ratcliff-Cruise love this song i think i'll listen to it before i go to sleep. Have a goodnite!
I'm a 58 year old fat lady and even I could have tackled Kolb better than Spencer!! But the biggest PENDEJO is still Jason Garrett!! SMH....
Creative and positive energy flowing as I focus on the next phase of my business. Say it with me, "I believe I can and I Shall."
i love you so much!
Fajitas and Margaritas soon with me and
ya right he ain't giving me that thing ! Hahaha maybe this weekend I'll have my car I'll come see you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
University of Rochester or Tulane :)
will you have service tomorrow?!
just to clarify: being british was the insult, not be ethnically sandwich fucked.
What's up world the sky ain't the limit!
Life is like a cobweb, not an organization chart. ~ Ross Perot
whatever works.
how the exam go
One hand: it's environmentally friendly, potentially helps w/ portion control. Other hand: it's just not normal, is he being greedy?
Starving Artist
Thanks in advance! Can't make the conference, but will be following...
“If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informed.” <U+2015> Mark Twain
Dude brought a small surfboard on the 704 to Santa Monica.
yup ima be walking in with and u with it will be an amazing day for the both of us!
right and I have said a couple of things to him to make me feel like it ain't mutual!
haha thank you!!! You looked so cute last night!!! Always great seeing ya!
so who hit laroachy ????
Chicken pot pie sounds like such a good idea. If you add commas.
Now I'm jamming out to "Girl" and other songs by The Monkees.
"Blister in the Sun" - now playing ;)
What's actually in those glasses? "Martinis before noon?! OK, OK... Its just for the scene! -Cobie"
And u are Miss nickname comer up with lady RT : oh lord...totally missed it... That was actually good, boss!
I am gullible
Two seconds late, sir!
wish you were there too - next time
Thank you for attending the social media webinar hosted by
My girlfriend rocks. Cookies fresh from the oven.
We needed someone to protect our QB... I'm ok with this pick.. Rather have hill... But I'm ok with us developing our OL.
Just cut my Sallie Mae payments almost in half. Time to take on MORE debt!!!!
Just spent 15 minutes rewriting my whiteboard. Now the horrifically list of things to do is tidy.
Watching the previously recorded Duke vs Tennessee game and I am amazed at the commentating...since its a neutral court. My score is 39-33.
Just switched from jam session with to modern dance performance in our living room.
Or maybe not lol
Really dislike Menards; don't know why I always give them a "2nd chance"!
Long story! Not my kind of place really, but they have sun and beach and alligators so it's not all bad. ;) Home soon!
Oxy Mo: Motion Picture
i love you:D
crud! I am already booked that night, it sounds like a lot of fun! Hope it's a HUGE success cc
Sometimes , you have to give up on people. Not because you don't care , but because they don't.
Bitches be purpin like they REALLY party.. -___-
I don't like that my smallest decisions can change everything. It's too much pressure.
only a few more days!
my bad bro ask mr dell if u can go to the bathroom at 910 and ill get it to u
"multiple Linden Lab grids"? me thinks they need to get a handle on managing their current one before trying on the Big Pants.
Boose bout to fuck the game up! #Innocent ...now keep yo ass outta jail!
A few RTs for the evening crowd-- Official hashtag: #thatcampphilly - please start using it! :D
turn it on and off maybe?
Los Angeles 2011
I love zany to
What you give is what you get returned
Mama's and Shorty's at 2nd and Bell
JP Morgan loses $2 billion (with a B)
of course. I just need to 1) get it working and 2) find some time to work on it.
Sandusky sounds more like a pitcher to me.
LOL Peter is really busy!! I appreciate him designing new artwork for the TAG mugs!! Thank you!
thought that was one of the most interesting talks from TechEd
#48hours how do u kill ur own children?
im not anymore I feel in love with twitter :-)
Exactly what I needed this Monday morning...keep it coming! Thanks :-)
Glad I'm not driving!
I kinda miss my dad! I rarely say that.
Albert Einstein “Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” <U+2015> Albert Einstein
and drinking my juice
you didn't gain one follower so quit it
This IS my professional twitter page!
Do u think I can get a hint Sunday Post topic? Will b away 4 weekend & would love 2 write it 2nite & delay posting till Sunday.
should have come to Louisville. Would have been there! Unless it was this coming weekend... I'll be auditioning in Nashville!
Well said Bob.
NJ's electricity is expensive. $0.19 per killowatt-hour compared to national average of $0.11. Call us to go solar today 908-713-9055
glosses over racism in Deus Ex review "Some awkward voice acting notwithstanding, Deus Ex's sound design is excellent..." 9.0 for sound
that wasn't the problem I stayed in los angeles almost whole summer when I was a soph in high school that wasn't it
Florida is a notoriously AWFUL defensive team yet #mubb has missed 17 of 20 shots. WTF?
forever bro. Forever hawt.
Theses folks be makin up days If it aint on the calender, Then it aint no day !
Picture paragraphs unloaded, wise words being quoted, peeked the weakness in the rap game and sewed it
“: THE A'S LOST TODAY. I'M JUST GOING TO GET USED TO TYPING THIS NOW.”
We miss you!
Blue or Red pill
Did I just hear Jeezy brought out Jay, kanye, and D-Block last night? Dammmb
not cheap, but if you like Pinot noir, try la crema. Delicious. (we have found it at Costco and target)
Just watching the Lakers implode against the Yao-less Rockets. HaHaHaHa!
Train was big about 10 years ago and just made a big comeback in the past year.
Can I put "gets drunk while tweeting at hotel bars" on my resume?
tomorrow we will be Green Flash Brewing Co. from 1 to 6 with our amazing BBQ SHORT RIBS LASAGNA!!!
I be thinking that $150k isn't too much lmao
Refactoring some Perl code to make it more generalized. Referencing/dereferencing Perl hashes and it's making my head hurt.
good shit tonight. Get ready for Sunday. What time is practice tomorrow?
Its sad how the perfect specimen of a lady today turned out to be a lesbian
I must put a stop to this.
Church today at cathedral of praise. The family/and church family together. Amazing!
Margarine was touted as the "cure" for saturated fat of butter, yet it turned out to be worse due to trans fat.
There are few things more beautiful than Chicago in the fog.
Sigh: still sad. Love oklahoma football. Sad sad weekend for both teams. Excited for bedlam, but this will be a long week
I saw that too! I was like... is this 's friend ?? Congrats! great word.
It's probably a $3000 hoodie.
sometimes its good you get jealous shows me u care ... but getting jealous over everything... that just gets annoying i didnt do shit-.-
what y'all know about dat.... DC all day like shit lol.....
All you bike racers better lock up your bikes at these checkpoints. We have some April Fools shenanigans going down!
Ain't nothing but gangsta party
and what measures we are using to recognize "failure" ... or even worse, ed success in the eyes of some would be failures
we call it fixed or fluid layout site
It's really not too much to ask, honestly.
Thank the lord for clean hits like Ovie's, eh?
Scooby Doobie Doo where are you.... we got some work to do now..
Its time to start looking <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I wish I was strong enough to lift not one but both of us.. <3 -
Maryland's economy is getting a boost thanks to the film industry.
Thanks for the follow -- so excited! Anything I can do to help get Rocky's down to Atlanta?
5/14 Launch & Learn: Paraplegic pilot & speaker Michael Glen uses special wheelchair basket for the Baby Bee Ballon.
You come on Twitter for some pity right?
It's RARE to experience someone being in #Love with your Heart....
- Have you ever done a speaking engagement in #Pittsburgh? If not, you should! :)
My humps, yes.
OMG that explains SO much. I was like, I know I was accepted, why haven't I heard anything? Can you DM me the contact email?
Everyone has to vote for roshon fegan on dancing with the stars now on ABC!
Almost drilled a fox on my bike tonight, a first for me.
When the pain tops listen to the rain drops and let it all drip away.
for a min. i thought you had forgot about me
How many times can break before I shatter!
“: Hey L.A. > : Where is a good place to buy live lobster?” King Fish in Glendale
-smiles- thanks fletch!
Ken Singleton, during Friday’s NYY/BOS game on YES: “Bucky Dent and Aaron Boone have the same middle name in Boston.” (via )
#LATriathlon was a success! Trey finished in the middle of both his age group and all males who entered. Not bad for a #triathlon newbie!
and we're missing you.
“It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.” Proverb
I totally read this wrong and thought it said, I shaved my back hair off! lol
Good Morning..!
Fyi, I give ZERO fucks about people saying "nasty" things about me or meeting Christian singles. #LeaveMeAlone!!!!
YOU BETTA!!! Luvin it but id love it more if you both moved out here! just sayin ;) Vegas soon?
Radio interview SUNDAY 7pm to 8pm on TRUE STAR RADIO 92.3fm.Listen online www.truestaris.com and click on the link that says TRUE STAR RADIO
Oh , I'm sorry. I forgot I only existed when you need something.
Been mashing up kanye,skrillex, and prettylights all day these mixes are turning out something beautiful!!!!
whoever these shirt tucking daily shaving weirdos are i bet they don't even own any robes or sweatpants
hello from CA and thanks for following!
thank you!
Good morning . Time to start my day.
We love our Demi oh yes we do. We love our Demi how about YOU?! She's such an amazing role model.
Wars World News Forums • View topic - WWN&#39;s Topic of Depressing ...
Features &amp; Columns
Hey, we're close to 300 followers! How about another giveaway to celebrate? Tell your friends to follow us so we get there sooner! :-)
I never want Josh Smith on the Knicks. Dude's a fuckin knucklehead
The lack of an antibullying bullying policy increases litigation risk as districts fail in their duty to provide a safe educat. environment
your so lucky cody is talking to you!!! i love him so much... buddy is the CUTIEST puppie EVER and has the best family!
I managed to hold that one long note from Stupid Hoe. Way proud of myself.
RT : #Cleveland unveils new lakefront plan. Includes cool pedestrian concourse link between harbor and convention center...
just had a great coaching session
Thanks for thinking of us in such a way! ;)
Sick and tired of being sick and tired./:
If I could find even a modicum of use for it.
Even a Man U fan like myself must admit that the Man City vs. QPR match was one of the all-time greats.
How's your day so far? :) <3
It's a day to remember. A big shout out to those families that lost someone during 9/11 and our great military families protecting us.
lol at what you just retweeted about a taurus. #DoYouEvenKnowMe?
My tummy hurts <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Ur just a homo... no sapien loll
Nah guys, I'm the one and only(;
I will be at that #WetDreams pool party may 25th
that makes so much sense. I hate that dude even MORE now.
Nappturalite Radio luv this! Talk about embracing the movement for beauty of ethnic hair. Plz support and follow us!
congrats on the book!
I might take another one ... LOLL!! love useless unproductive Saturdays
IKR :P i died after seeing that video!! lol
Naw y'all just born crazy I think ..
I think its pretty funny that you think that you know where I live, based off my tweet locations. Trust me, it's of.
For the love of God just because Obama says he supports same sex marriage doesn't mean he is gay. Smdh
Taking orders for smoked turkeys for Christmas. Give us a holler so we can get you on the list and get you pricing. Thank you
If you would like to see 's private show in NYC tomorrow, be the 5th person to RT this and win!
lol don't do that!!!
There's no denying. Logan is the best in big time rush
#spottheshuttle This is something. Wish everyone could see it live. Crazy.
You also probably realize that the traditions make no sense and are more hassle than they're worth. At least that's my opinion.
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
RT : RT : Robert Motherwell tells #DeStaebler, who was uninterested in #AbEx, to give up art while at Black Mountain
Can you follow me?! <U+2665> Im watching icarly right now.. iParty with victorious :)
So andrew bynum how easy is it ti close out teams?
DREAMS DO COME TRUE!!!!!!!
I like that she won, just on general principles.
I'm impressed by anybody who can get strawberries to grow here. Never had luck.
Now that would make it classy...
straight flyin today homie... Bad luck. keep it up!
RT The heat is bad, but it could be worse. Imagine if all these nice white Capitol buildings were colored black.
Thanks dude. Much appreciated!
Thank you! (: Of course, Stay high!
Getting ready to pick up my BFF Staci J at the airport!!!!! Can't wait!!!! :) :)
When I hear avg NBA players w/ contracts like that, I get pissed thinking of $40K Police/Fire/Teachers getting cut
aww how excited. Hope you have fun!! Take a lot of pictures.
working on something
does it, does it really. . . I am still sat patiently waiting for a phone call from your highness
#Kobe missed shootarounds because of a stomach ailment. Will this be his #flugame? Greatness tonight, can't wait!
you me and karli needa watch #horriblebosses so damn funny!
trending cheryl cole's #CallMyname! too excited!
I love the dark, ominous music they play whenever someones voice cracks on
Yes! Alison has never been, but doubt I could get her to leave. Session was a blast...the Brits are great people....
lololol call me when you can!!! Omgomgomgomg
I don't think it is ! I'm bout to o put all them dishes back in the sink. !
It feels so good to have that 80gb iPod back in my hands.
timeout..I'm not a Heat fan..them niggas bitch made but they winning the championship haha
Come on
you totally just introduced me to your music by following me. :) you're so talented!!
Destiny is not a matter of chance it is a matter of choice. - Anon
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE will you call me please.. i will be the happoest girl alive.. i would cry alot
Am i dreamin
I know you're keeping things simple FrankWork.com but it would be great if you tied into google calendars or apps.
omg where have I heard that before? And agreed!
stop it. your wedding blog is THE most adorable thing EVER.
great show
Raymond F. DeVoe Jr.~ Economics is war pursued by other means.
thank you n you gies put on the best show tonight!!!! :D
Ready to relax
Ahh i love how me and my brother and annie were seeing who can do a handtand the longest!(:
Talking my kit kat! Gotta love true and loyal friends
Omg I'm like shaking & crying D:! That was so weird I was like crossing at the traffic lights which were red but this van was like zooming
don't fail me, young Stankling
i use to love twitter.,now its boring.
Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes ~ E W Dijkstra
Ig I'm going to watch tv because I'm bored
"unemployed need not apply" now illegal in Oregon thanks to Portland mayoral candidate and state legislator
Cant wait for sons of anarchy tonight!
Sorry. I dont know wht that means?
The fact that people think what we as producers do is easy #Makesmelaugh. Things are not
SHE SAID I KEEP ON RUNNING...AND I CANT GET AWAY FROM YOU..CANT STOP MISSING YOU.
can you tell three people today about your acting goal for 2011?
police activity on sea st. What's happening? By Adams shore grocery.
"We have saved our best for last!" - HCBS
I don't think I can hold it in anymore, I just want to break down & cry.
Producers is emailing me some hot tracks im bout to get it in.....#BAMSQUAD!!!!
T3: Refund in terms of "I'm sorry, we shouldn't have given you that second xray. Here's the $700 back."
UNC students line up for chance to see Obama
Filled my car up with gas because I didn't want to get stuck on the highway.
ability to control better your device and test/use apps not on the app store
you #chafemysoul! Go rub someone else the wrong way!!!
So bored ._.
Don't you hate when you're parents think they know more about the sports you play then you
Watching the station chiller its Oct scary month my movie should be on this damn station
I miss you of
hahahaha. yeah. I'm up making a set for me of Prom Night! :) you're allowed to have a gif sig and avi... <3
Im hungry though!!
.... Just doing my part spreading awesomeness.
Any science museum peers pushing collections to ? What about VertNet?
thank u thank u thanku!!!!
Saw you follow some pastors/churches. Have you heard of ? I brought his book #ProducedByFaith here to read.
SanDiego UTC mall features food trucks such as organic Devilicious, Chop Soo-ey's pork confit salad, Operacaffe's Tuscan fare during remodel
#TMoneyTuesday ~ "When ur heart is open and u are being true 2 urself, you are able 2 enjoy every step of ur unique journey."
Day two of workouts with the wife: I can't walk. Up stairs. Down stairs. In a straight line. And she's loving every minute of it.
Tweet more often & you'll get more folks interested. You've got great cheeses & great products so share them!
Don't let friends make decisions for you..be your own person.
Big factor in the Danny O'Brien saga: Bielema repeatedly talked about how Russell Wilson fit at UW. Is O'Brien the same kind of teammate?
#EATSTREET :D Now it just went off :C
hey bby, please follow me. <3
Omfg! Almost 30min to 2 miles in 100 degree heat with no AC. Still not moving more than few feet at a time
Race? What race? Catch up SUN :)
CALEB RAY MONTGOMERY YOU PLAY BEAUTIFUL MISTAKE RIGHT NOW
brillant! New Season in fall...answer could have been good...hype the wedding plans n still have goodratings
Daddy's Day - wishing I was with mine...
- Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you. But simply to say thank you , for all I have.
DO IT.
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
if its me that tweet isnt about you but im not assuming .
Thank you for the follow, have a great day!
Check out the #YPM / Newaukee gala tonite at the MKE Co Historical Society. Starts at 7. Tix $25 at door. DJ, drinks, food and !
Long lines.. <
Lmao sound like something i'll say RT : Heard a girl tell a nigga "suck my dick"
Arthur C. Clarke Award for Advancement of Imagination in Society to Sir Ken Robinson given tonight in DC
had so much fun with my bestie jess <3 her so much
Haha exactly. The kid deserves a shot, but he's not getting it. I want him to start more so bad.
I am so incredibly impressed with right now. Wow
The new Rise Against album gives me motivation for runs. Here we go....
If anyone was scared of Final Fantasy 13.2 because 13 was so awful-- don't be. 13.2 is surprisingly good.
17 - my lucky number.
Maybe he's not being swung by individual games?
the bar is set pretty low
Sitting in an auditorium for two hours? Yeah, not fun. Thanks Kristin for working tomorrow, Tosh in 5,
Tune in now for the chance to win tickets to Bear in Heaven this Wednesday at Schubas Tavern!
cheers for your band it rock i love your music it's the best :)
Fa Shooooo!!!!!! #TeamDwade #TeamHeat RT Now the REAL team is about to show you how it's done
Beautiful vocals by Adele & Jennifer Hudson. They make everyone else look like they've got ADHD, lol
I really don't want to get this wrong lol.. I'd say cahldean.. maybe..
Sorry Obama, that move is NOT going to save you
man I was giving you niggas buckets lmao
; )=> “: Not much difference between a gas pump and a slot machine these days ; )”
Chef Chris is fixing up a very special Brunch Menu for Mother’s Day this weekend. You can enjoy these Mother’s Day Specials starting today!
#RonaldJenkees on repeat helping me bang out this 20 minute presentation the night before
I did both time bruh , I swear I did right after David !
Walk Outside! Its
Fuck T-Dog, of course you got to at least check back at the highway before making a run for it.
I have those same days
wahhh we miss you too <3 let's hang out soon I promise I won't try to kill you
LOL at the old women who like to wear sixteen year old girl outfits.
Absolutely loved the series finale of #EastboundAndDown...until the last 45 seconds. Thoughts?
The led board is too bright..
shout out to my nigga for da invite to muligans...dats a nice ass spot to chill
#FLO RIDA is now trending. That's a big deal!
Happy Beat #dook Week! Cue the YouTube hype vid marathons
K, I'll meet you down at the Pro-Castro rally...bring some communist flyers...and some "Two Wrongs Equal A Right" posters
This year's graduation gift will be an envelope and a form to indicate how large your enclosed check is.
#EverydayIThinkAbout what other shoes I could buy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A1>
People Make Up The Most Lamest Excuses ....
There's only 2 more weeks left in the semester! Good Luck on finals everyone! -CJ
How did you do??
I might be a little outside the "drop by" zone, for travel purposes, but I'll be eating your pasta mentally (oo, too dirty?)
Blaring Boyfriend by Justin Bieber with Colby.:P
Money Secrets Volume I Want To Show You Exactly How You Can Quickly & Easily Start Your Own Paid Membership Site, So Yo
Slow day for breakdowns...
Someone's boat caught fire on the ramp at the lake and is totally destroyed. #sadday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
starting to write my first holiday/winter track tonight! :) Stay tuned.
I gotta learn how to let a lot of things go because I'm only making myself upset
5mins left freaking out
Awesome artwork all around the office from ! Thanks to all who helped make this happen.
With my mom at her annual check up today. Madison WI treats its seniors really well. Maybe the scowl on my face helped.
forgery as a concept has an interesting history in its own right.
I think Jan Brewer personifies the GOP attitude towards the POTUS when the POTUS is not a Republican. What a piece of trash
plz follow me your are my idol and inspiration :)
Apparently Bachmann claimed Swiss citizenship? Is pot legal there? Maybe she'll for President there...you'd have to be high to vote for her.
State Committee for Family, Women & Children considers adoption procedure in ... - Azerbaijan Business Center
Happy Get Wasted Day to my Brotha from anotha
had Dom for breakfast. Thought of u and your penchant for classy drank.
When you have an artistic project,no matter how long it takes,you have to see your songs in real, in the universe. U deserve it.
Im alergic to the sun
I hate being on my <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00B4> man .
I know, I know! Haha I don't get on here enough!
ooouu bby <3 (; teehee I love that song n I'd totally marry you :)
Whoops! I didn't even notice that. Predicting the future now, eh?
Start wherever you are and start small
I get lots of "Fun Failure" playing Words With Friends...so I must be very resilient.
UI seems much more streamlined, I'm liking it.
SMH @ people using a headset and still holding their phone up to their mouth...
Le Ninja believes in compassion; therefore will extend you shipping compassion on order of $50 or more.
I said nothing. Two hours later, I naturally thought of the perfect response...
doubt that you'll read this but if you do You Rock!!!
yeah yeah :)
Watching Bus Stop with Marilyn Monroe on PBS. And writing.
Have fun!
RT : At 1 p.m. today (Wed., 12/23), UNM classes & non-critical departments will be closed for the rest of the day. Updates: 277-SNOW.
Another night of tossing and turning :(
well that's going to become a national story sooner rather than later.
So happy I get a date for prom! Thank you God!
Oops, June 8th is my MLIS anniversary! How do I know that? it was also the day of my 1st tweet, which had nothing to do w/ getting my degree
the only thing more exciting than this shower I'm about to take is what I'm doing afterward.
Mr. Brown and math. Still a better love story than Twilight.
hell yeah!!!
Wouldn't mind spring break in Fiji for the blue skies, clear water and lack of effort needed to stay afloat in water
- Whoa... whoa... whoa. Do I smell a #WizardofOz theme brewing? :)
:D I missed you during aerobics today!
What! Cool, Blanchet.
Visit SwagMyVideo.com N Check out a Few Videos We Shot In NYC. Full Site Coming Soon...Stay Blessed
Thats a great photo!
#MyFavoriteCodySongIs crazy but true <U+270C>
The ugliest think they're the cutest...
Day #2 - Prom dress shopping. Crazy stuff.
somebody go buy me more hershey's kisses :(
lol surprised I wasn't included in this...
Unsure of details but could have the potential to be lucrative. Looking forward to seeing the exclusive content provided.
Happy damn birthday to
COME OUTSIDE IT'S COLD D:
You so crazy... oh, and thanks for making me picture that during lunch.
FT: Like to show standardized video to convey info. Eliminates need to repeat & ensures consistency. Play game @ end test knowledge
checked the weather forecast4Williston ND when I will b there 4 a week March 28th-April 3rd,it's going 2 snow,my butt will be frozen!
bhahaha, he will have to be-friend some new Gordon millennials.
There is no salary cap in baseball so the money argument is pointless. Again, who would they have replaced that $$ with?
hey did you findout if anyone wants to buy a ticket?
Most people: lazy Sunday. Me: Lol lazy Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.
Happy Birthday! Hope it's great!
Open communities are best with user generated content - every post deserves a response
today, i become mr. Nowhere man!
you can listen to it live on 1620theZone.com
chess a thinking man game i always incorporate it with basketball you gotta be able to read your opponent counter his moves
"All I have, all I need, he's the air I would kill to breathe" amazing song by Sara Bareilles =) I loves!
Omfg.... He's here... It's fucking awkward.
#Babson women are ranked #5 in the national women's poll. Case can be made for #1 if Amherst slips.
Anyone out there have any dealings with the #TNRoofingProfessionals or #MSRoofingProfessionals in TN or MS areas?
But it looks so healthy!?....I kid, I kid, lol!
My "shortcut" home tacked on an extra hour of driving. I've learned there's no avoiding pdx traffic.
Hi guys:3
Thank you Dr. King for your Dream!
Air & Space Museum! Wish you were here!
Blowing out #WiredFest2012 tix at Hammerheads on Cottman Ave! It's Packed w/
just finished The Nicest Kid by ! EXCELLENT work; highly recommend for Intro class to Grad Seminars.
Poor kiddo. Jenna's missing her friends, too. She wanted to go back to school tomorrow.
Oh no... I apparently also say "library."
General observation: Strippers get really upset when you ask them about other strippers.
I became friends with the singer and bass player
Knowledge is power. Knowledge to save power. Enable the consumers.
15th & Wells...wind...wind...go away. See ya' @ 11:30 hey.
It's Presidents Day but that doesn't stop us coworking diehards Ditch the masses at the coffee shops & join us for the day!
Don't misunderstand me: this 1 question: Why is FOX offering me Sally Kohn? Is it for my benefit?...for their image? Not freaking out. Why?
I like the Peanuts, Snoopy & Chuck. I really like this quote too.... Happiness is anyone and anything that's loved by you. ~Charlie Brown
I pray for her every night that's all I can do :/
i love you lady gaga,please follow in my twitter,please,i love you,I'm your fan! thank you very much!!
#FlymetoLondon so I can flip my hair and overwhelm One Direction.
Depends on what you're studying. You can love it and hate it with equal passion. What is your present interest?
Bunch: #culturalmuseums don’t need to try to become community centers, rather centers of their community.
Lets see how this Bedard guy does, then we can talk shit about him if we want
RT : I Hate big ass striped scarves
#dramaticMAHOMIES lmfao. You really think is going to like you of you turn something small into WW3? HAH
Talked to my crush today for a long time.... I'm surprised by how much he remembers about me <3
Lol. are you not having fun?!
So many mistake mentions for Kendall lol I'm stealing all your mentions ;3
that just infuriates me.....
Does anybody want to tell these people on campaigns who say "I'm here for freedom" that they are free already?
Austinites beware: some bars are charging SXSW prices for drinks. I'm looking at you
Make sure all your sites link to one another - website, blog, twitter, etc. Keep people with your brand longer
super small! well so great to reconnect! just read your interview- congrats! Next time you're in LA we should meet!
I listen to all your music for a beast ass workout #whew!
great refresh to the UI today! Really enjoying it!
just did
sweet! no, this place called la dijonaise in the helms building!
Hello all! Excited to be here :)
I just realized all of my professors for next semester are in this room
I am now the proud owner of a new (used) kitchen table, a 4 dollar microwave, and a giant whiteboard.
What a great showcase of milwaukee music last night. Thank-you jeffrey and uncle lee
I'd like to send out a very special "Happy Birthday" to my girl, May all your wishes come true this year, and more! <3
"Having Vagina means you have heart problems" - McKenna Mitchell, Age 8
Taco Bell Dorito Taco. So much better than I could have dreamt. #dotitoslocostaco #tacobell -JO
Lmao I'm just speaking what I feel is the truth. He could rap but he's a fake thug. Lol
Did u send me a DM? If not someone hacked ur acct.
Lots of fun...congrats on a great job. Thanks for having me.
yes we have sold many thousands of Vivotek cameras. we find defect rates less than .005 %
Q10: European winter retreat fit for Santa and his elves?
Target after t ball was a big mistake. Dumb ppl must wake up later
cause... A reason lol, when we gonna go to your house and play Kinect again? Lol
LOVE seeing u here! Happy Mother's Day... xo. :)
Thanks! If you can, come on down to Nemo's tomorrow night. Expecting a few hundred Tigers fans
I've been one of Bogues' biggest fans, but it's hard not to LOVE this trade
he was probably on shrooms xD
off to see #DarkShadows in IMAX at the Franklin Institute.
I want tales of graces f, xenoblade chronicles, dark souls, arkham asylum, and monster hunter... Plus I want a new amp & new contacts -_-
Real shit lol dfisher would have made that shot that blake so conveniently lost
"When I started nobody liked the way I played. That was what I wanted to play but they weren't ready for it. Then James Brown came to town."
just had to explain to dad how to
It kinda should be more to-do oriented.
Listening to B side of U2's Unforgettable Fire on vinyl...Bad is still one of my all-time favorites
Zac brown band is awesome!!
I am dead serious man lol I am so looking forward to soju with samgyupsal! lol
consider: promotion is necessary for spreading word about what God is doing, so that you can point them to Him.
Bitch, you don't know my life!
Me, me, me!! // creating our first #YBP Newsletter for
Pretty sure I had homework over break.. Good thing idgaf either way!
Cooler temps for the weekend with rain rolling in this afternoon/tonight extending into Sunday. Highs in the mid 50's today
Thanks for the RT! Have a great day!
thanks for the suggestions. We'll aim for at least one -- have a favorite?
Idea of a 2012 Happy Mix was what prompted my tweet! Using Spotify is a great idea! I have 2008 as an iTunes playlist...
follow me? I'll give you pickles.
Having a great time at the Las Vegas Beauty Show!
watching So you think you can Dance.. anyone know this twitch guy?
Toxic people tend to infect good people sick with their drama.
RT RT if you're coming to see Matt Paxton tomorrow night!
Simplifying digital preservation does not mean 'dumbing down' info.
Haha I think my English teacher hates me now
you're such a little shit! Coming home this weekend, #wrigley friday?
campus is starting to come back to life! #orientation #backtoschool #wheredidmysummergo?
Alright so I am really happy with this game. I asked for a competitive game, with the conclusion being the #Thunder win! I'm satisfied...
Lyon: "I have other approaches to identification, but [for today] I'm trying not to muddy the water."
we love your laugh! :) haha it reminds me of my little cousin's... but at least it's cute!
Just preordered One Direction up all night live concert yay! I am haveing the best day of my life!!! :)
“: still trying to figure out who the hell was texting me the other night.” God pease don't let it be me drunk texting again!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that the group secretly hates, and if your group doesnt its probably you. haha
'09 Cuspis Crianza from Priorat is my current go to of choice! It is savory, complex & the nose makes me want to pour it over pancakes!
Book your room at the SpringHill Suites for New Years! Home is just an elevator away from your night out on the town! www.marriott.com/chinr
everybody wants to be a cat
Thank you! We're stoked! RT : Great presentation of at , Congrats &
Cant Wait!
lol oh yeah
I bet it was a dude!
Lake Station with Sara.
Wore high heels to my brother's author gallery and everyone thought I was his mom.
I have no idea. why?
Chase Rettig not a smart QB. How can you take 5 yard sack there?
Van Halen in a WEEK!
Yaaaaay I got a jump... I love my neighbors
I literally am in tears. Not again.
At the Brewers game, without smartphone. Cardinals-Cubs score anybody?
trying to read impossible by nancy werlin for a literature circle
Alas, after a certain age every man is responsible for his face. - Albert Camus
Thank you, #GoldenGlobes, for reminding me how clearly uncultured I am with my tv and movie selections.
Perfect thank you!
I'm at Pour House. You coming?
I hate it when people drop plans for a stupid reason.
They did their part.
And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age. Matthew 28:20
Good morning......Life is God’s novel. Let him write it.
Sometimes the things we say out of anger are the things we always wanted to say........
My little brother is such a procrastinator. I don't know where he gets it from <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> lol.
Visitors aren't wearing museum staff uniform or using museum twitter handle. Their opinions don't reflect museum
Ok, show me something! I don't buy or sell anything! Just here to enjoy and RT the ones that strike my fancy!! Have a good day
rocks! Thank you from BLVDS!
Had an amazing weekend and day with my love and got the most amazing gradation gift from her #onehappyboyfriend Iove you baby <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Today is the first day I've done work in about a month <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
them boys are bangin!
14 more days in i will be back home in Detroit :)
Lmao RT This dude said Bosh sprained his clit. I'm outtttie.
Just made some CDs for the 12 hour drive on Friday
: thanks :) that wood looks beautiful!! It's an old reclaimed buffet. Looks AMAZING.
YUP !! email me to pick a day
And all the clerks must have just woke up too. They're cranky!
Pooping and Punk. Always a good combination.
I can't even believe we're gonna do this whole communion without baptism thing next.
Im buying lunch for the interns today...they dont know it yet!! What should I get? Pizza? Burgers? Nothing? Just lunch for me?
Why is following me? I'm into it. I'll follow back.
iight im hgone slide up there
I believe this is the part where I clear my throat and nudge
This is why I need my license&a car.I wanna go to Arlington so bad now.meeeehhh
the box design was the tipping point
thank you m'lady. now when r we having drinks???
Not that anyone will ever complain about a politician's brevity. But 6 sentences is better than none!
Enjoying the rooftop deck !
Congrats on BIG win tonight in Florida!! , Go get them Gators tomorrow
YES! Where r u located!
high school? no I don't think.
Thanks, for loving our packaging! We would like to talk about marketing sometime.
Another Reason I Dig : "Is life about the journey, or the people on the journey with you? I vote people."
There’s no way I can pay ya back, but my plan is to show ya that I understand.
I'll find what I am looking for someday.
Dreamchasers 2 on repeat all day.
They do it just cause I'm friends with you. Tell me tomorrow (:
i know isnt it i love that vidieo it it so touching
I stand corrected
woohoo!!! Let's celebrate by staying in and watching a movie!!!
Ordered a brew kit, signed up for beekeeping classes, and made animated gifs of babies for my coworker. Hard at work, probviously.
This is gonna be a sore morning but I need to get up and GO!! On the way to the gym right now .
Being stuck on the air conditioned bus going nowhere fast. Is better than being stuck in the heat.
Alex love me still not u
"dear me, let us be elegant or die!" -Little Women by Louisa May Alcott, words to live by(: lol
I love it that #Castle screams like a little girl.
Omg! Nicest cab driver ever!!! And fast
maybe ask bolly shlumper. I bet she'd say no.
Hmm what should I do with my time.. Cute boy? Or couch?
I get more compliments on these clearance boots from Sears than any others I've got! Proof- it ain't what ya spend, it's how ya rock it!
The worst part of my day was trying to decide what pandora station to listen to
i had the most cutest evening ever. <3
YES! You just made my day!
TO EACH'S OWN..WE WASN'T PUT HERE TO BE LiKE EVERYBODY ELSE...<U+270C>
Just got back from the Pitt game in Denver, Did the Pens win?
haha Omg, u almost gave me a serious heartattack lol! I thought it was the actual Niall Horan that followed me, thanx u tho!:D
it is correct because "with" is a preposition and so if you took out alex it would be "with me" and not "with I"
Question of the day: What's your favorite board game?
Next step for Peyton Manning is being a back up quarterback for his younger brother in NY
Christine Borgman on big data: "Give it to the library, is NOT a data management plan."
I've got sunshine on a cloudy day
I'm going on Friday
Tramp stamps are like QR codes for people.
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 3354 calories! on 4/20/12 at 2:04 PM
I know he's lame! It ain't the same! Switched up from Lil Wayne to Sorry game.
So tired.
Having a photo of waffles on my iPhone background is def. NOT helping while hungry and still at work.
My bed is cold! :(
no. i noticed a little blip at hatcher. i just went over to union, and power there had just come back on.
#TONIGHT Going out: "2am club concert with Colls. Press Club. Making moves" via
Getting Tats with no headphones is suicide lol
The Website is looking great and we are gearing up for a big launch on September 1st.... You'll see it.
My dad calls it "piss-poor performance" too! Also, a half-ass job. #eisummit Not the performance level our country needs to sustain success.
There should be a new video up on the YouTube channel within a few days. Stay tuned :).
awesome photos
congrats to the pius soccer teams!
Thoughts of World Series year when I attended SF home opener against the Braves with my son. Go Giants!
yeah i do but i don't think he wants me giving out his number like that so ima tell him tomorrow and get back to you fam
I totally wore a pair to work out today.
I'm already smiling:-)
A simple and beautiful statement: www.apple.com simply states "Steve Jobs 1955-2011."
I have a teacher who would love to start using the tool! Is there someone I can talk to w questions?
just received newsletter and thanks for reminding me to do my self care. I've been tired from pushing but feel can't
check out the Hallenbrick Brewery open mic tomorrow in Albuq, if you're hanging in NM for awhile!
"The main part of intellectual education is not the acquisition of facts but learning how to make facts live." - Oliver Wendell Holmes
Nice link Ian. Thanks for sharing!
LatinAmericaLoves1Direction :o me too :p Love One direction
parents had their chance to live life & make decisions for themselves...now it's my turn. stop trying to control me .
Glad I get to spend all morning with my little lady on mothers day :)
So who wants Eastern Shore Soft-Shells? Cause we got em- on a sandwich w/ramp remoulade, a slaw of mango and cabbage and salad for $16!!!!
Hungry kids not cute.
nope, shows your organized ... or have OCD lol.
Fuck! Left my glasses home :/
I feel like a geek right now.... Can't wait for the All-Star Game
I Wont Run From You, But You Can Still Be, Bloody Mary!
Thanks for your support!
I love the Milwaukee airport... Live piano player from local college & a used book store!
But failure is not an option.
Bronchitis. Explains a lot, but means I will have relief soon with meds. Watching 2 'twits' w/ opposing hockey play-by-play *smirk*
we're so glad you think so, if you could spread the word that'd be fantastic!
whenever u ready u in da NY ? POOF!!!!
It's true. That little green goat is taking a vacation until next spring.
Awkwardly sitting outside the weight room. Two freshmen sitting across from me playing games on their laptops. :D
it would be a critical error... If need the tag, use it on Wells...
Carlos Pena follow me !!
. Wind Gap rules! Harvest in Oct/Nov @ 13% abv!?
“ You NEVER have to chase what's yours. If you stay in YOUR lane, what's yours will chase YOU!”
Thanks for the klouts Greg!!
Wait, what? Home brewing is illegal in AL? That's hilarious! RT House passes #homebrew bill 44-33.
This weather feels so good,camo shorts and ray bans weather
Also, ads that play on trailers on YouTube. They're already ADS!
Tomorrow is the day!!! 12p-5p BIG bridal event at Sephora Union Square NYC. lots of vendors. Superior makeup artists. Come see me
why would you name your child ingrid. sounds like a type of foot fungus.
Holy cow!! #orioles I'm nervous....
I promise you that life can be beautiful, all I am asking is that you choose life.
Get more people to follow you on #twitter by making sure your ordinary updates are anything but.
Stuart-Paul praised the victims for their service, thanked nearby parish for help. There will be a service here at St. Peter's tonight at 6
The most insecure people ALWAYS try to make other look bad smh sad sad thing.
Happy Birthday Love <3 hope you enjoy :)
yep no problem :)
sure is
I think that everyone knows august rush is my favorite movie. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8>
My eyebrows?! I don't shape, just clean. Otherwise I'd look like a legit terrorist. They get crazy.
Wife is gettin me a Harley!! The real deal Harley!!
please swing by at #b2bexpo and grab a bite & say hello!
I'm interested in taking the class - your PPC class was solid. Are there still seats available?
I really love your peaches, wanna shake your trees
Thx for being a shining reflection of aldo leopold
morning, punk.
Now listening to Dr. Durie discuss advances in treatment options for multiple
She really a beast wit it doe
thank you! and good night to you!!
Yep! They're trying a little too hard, me thinks.
who's going to go see #frightnight i know i am
I hate it when you're not around. And the fact that you didn't call. But mostly I hate the way I don't hate you.
Almost 3500 people have called their Senators to #saveservice. Are you one of them? There's still time to call 1-855-877-3783
I was just thinking the same thing.... Hell what can we make up about other dead celebs to make ourselves a buck.
Good morning
Ha good! : I'm just kidding!(:
Favorite quote of the day- "Guns get as complicated as campaign financing"-
what does wombo my trombo mean
No matter how many times you push the up button for the elevator that I have already pushed, lady, it won't make it come faster.
If we were meant to fly, we had have propellers on our heads or jet engines on our backs.
11:03 in my mile run. oh well
If Twitter breaks tonight, please note, it is probably because I am refreshing my "Marlins" Twitter list every 0.25 seconds
Thanks to and for recent #poetry retweets!
WOW!! The difference in a legal dispute's outcome really does depend in LARGE part on the attorney retained. Get a good attorney!!!!
I would say Miss is super amazing!
i haven't had guests yet on my show, but open to it.
FA ALL WHO DON'T KNO U NEED 2 CK OUT K-RINO'S "GRAND DECEPTION" ON YOUTUBE. 1 OF THE REALIST SONGS EVER!!!! KILLUMINATI!!!! TRUE SHIT!!!!
This girl is making up a song about chips. Original.
Money money money..legit thats what runs this world !
Shoutiut to for being my 1OOO follower!
Cant got to do mine
Yes it's possible. What's your condition based on?
Today I am showing a home to the "Hattfield's" that the "McCoy's" have listed!
When people carry around their car keys because they think it makes them look cool. Just no.
I just suggested "The Hortise and the Tare" to a customer in the children's section. I was testing to see if they were really listening
X) tweet tweet
Fck it got my b my wine getting the jacuzzi nice n hot :)
NBY Hump-Day Destination: Let brighten up this gloomy day & enjoy their late-night happy hour
It feels a lot better walking back to the house knowing that you have done all you can do to prepare. Let's just hope it pays off.
Post your experience at Madison No Fear Dentistry on our facebook page. We'd love to hear from you!
lol So what!! Why do you keep saying that?
Chris Mann singing Josh Grobin: I think I just heard puking in the other room.. Lol
7 days to I'm outta this place
I've always wanted to be a #NBA player, so I could have enough confidence to wear shorts in front of a lot of people.
I can't wait to see the look on my nephew's face when he finds out Unc put his lil toy together.
we have our brand new summer menu that just debuted!
Welcome back! We missed you!
bro send me EVERY slow song youve recorded so far finna start gettin S.W.A.G together
love the phrase "weird library-DRM," from Make public library post
oooohhhhh, nice! Well enjoy your day off, see u Sat!
RT : I had a dream: I was driving a #Fiat in my #DavidBeckham underwear off the deck of a #Battleship w/ a #Coke in my hand
Walk on the plane, listening to usher. Funny when you make eye contact with a pretty girl then one catches you that isn't so much
Let's go jayhawks.
What to do for NYE ?
Responsibility upheld with
Got our releases! 's/McMurray's itsnotyouitsme making the afternoon all loopy.
keep the faith my friend. You never know what will happen. :)
Eating some yummy chicken parm and learning a little more about Twitter's capabilities. How have you started using it? In your business?
In this corner, The Rock's Smack-aroni Salad vs. Chyna's Guacamole.
if everything that Billy Beane does with the A's is wrong, then the opposite would be right. Time to trade Gio and Bailey!
Welcome to the 21st century, Chris :)
"At work / bulky mornings, more layers, remove then as the day warms up."
"I swim three hours a day and now, I'm built like a brick shit house."
I like everything about you, nice smile pretty eyes. i want you to be happy at the same time all i want is to be wit you. You got me trippin
Okay. so maybe I DIDN'T attempt to trip you today. It's not that you SCARE me or anything.. psh.. Im just.. sick..tired. yanno.
I love you and your band, I know you probably won't read this, but I wanted to let you know. <3
More than 50 people, most of them for medical marijuana, urge SD City Council to rescind tough restrictions on pot shops.
Thanks Tay. And yea, there is research to suggest that haha
I think they should wait until June.
“As fallible humans, we usually slip too far over one edge or the other - all wrath and judgment or all grace and love.” Eric Wilson
But also to suffer for his sake. Here it is represented as a privilege to suffer in the cause of the Redeemer-a declaration which may sound…
Led Zepplin or Pink Floyd?
Oh okay thanks for letting me know:)
By the outlet mall? Yep that was me. What were you doing there?
Study: Teens getting comprehensive sex ed 60% LESS likely 2 get pregnant/get someone pregnant than teens getting abstinence only/no sex ed.
I love laying in my hammock! I slept in it when my family went camping lol
I once applied for 3 jobs that I thought were made for me & was crushed when I didn't get callbacks, so I know the feeling.
Wyoming and the over in the Dal/N.O. game should both get a look today
RT : Dan Taulapapa McMullin speaks to differences between Asian / PI LGBT issues and how we must continue to collab
Yes. Yes. And some more yes.
My cat likes to play with my extensions, so I kept one blonde and let him keep it. :)
you the man
Dear , when was that Mr. T interview? Amazing.
Why the h are they trying to kill me with these donuts in the lobby as I walk into work?!
That makes sense
follow back. (: xx
I WAS SCREAMIN WELL I CAN'T SCREAM LIKE A GIRL BUT I WAS LIKE SCREAMIN INSIDE AND I WAS JUMPIN KDJHFIUSDFODIF
Thanks Joyce!
I love scheduling out my tweets!
Middle-aged men will NOT STOP pointing out wildlife to me! Whales, baby ducks, one-eyed snakes, etc.
Well said My friend RT : I never make promises that I plan to break. My "word" is something that I seriously value.
At Berwyn now on #22, hordes thinning, normal number of boarders, so am assuming trains are indeed running n of that stop
Need coffee. TGIF
The only boy I see is you <3
Novak discount double check
I Love My Followers , S\O To my New Ones
scanner Monitor: Accident at Hampden and Parker.
i dont know you were telling me about that yesterday :p
Good luck to Sylvester Ritter's Fayetteville State Broncos as they start the season against UNC-Pembroke tomorrow!
Hey Hon, Glad to see you here!
welcome to twitter nation! Gotta get booty major on here now!
I'm hoping for Look, LIfe, and the Saturday Evening Post.
lover's spat in denver between & i side w/ Quinn. he's a Cbus boy, & he'd rather pray in secret (Mt 6:5-6)
this day can not go on for any longer.
The humpty dance. >>>>
Sounds good! Congrats on the interest!!! Will you change the title since it was used in a film recently?
On-line registration for #RITBrickCity closes next Mon, Oct 3rd. Get your tickets now at www.rit.edu/brickcity
I hope the Fox News mole is Shep Smith.
do you misplace your keys, glasses, cell phone, shoes, money, hair accessories & earrings as much as i do?
Lazy day. Time for work :)
7067616416 text me(:
Never say goodbye bc saying goodbye means going away and going away means forgetting -peter pan
tie your shoes bitches. always trippin.
Worst power play ever.
Thanks to & I just got 100% of my wedding stationery for $83!
Someone please tell the landscapers that I still want to be ASLEEP...PLEASE
fix urs Bitch , ugh
So many events I'm tryna hit 2nite...but where do I start???
apparently in the extreme minority for thinking the words of the US Attorney General are more significant than those of a shock jock...
True.. bigger question is whether or not I will make it to the gym tonight. lol
Looking forward to exploring your unique services. Please let me know if we can be of service to you too! ~Linda :o)
Inspired by Iconic Buddhist Auspicious Symbols, Suma Chander&#39;s Fall/Winter 2012 Collection Focuses on the Geometric ...
was also called "J-Load" at UK
Can't believe it's been a year. Miss you and love you Nana
She said she goin be eating dicks and apples all summer!!!
Just found out my Boxes were originally Foxes. I even have a FOX who married a SLY. Not kidding! :) TeresaY
stfu I was everywhere all of the time and you were being lame 24/7.
The countdown begins: THREE WEEKS until opening night of FROST NIXON w buy your tix before it sells out!
Wonder why the people that advertise getting 2000 followers on twitter in 24hrs only have 10 followers???
yes please!! What is this party you speak of?!!
All this morning, it shall be English Premier League watching/score-watching. Can United keep City off their back? Can Newcastle get to UCL?
I painted my nails blue last night for the first time since we went to icon:'(
oh ok like jsut by mentioning eachother???
A watched backup never restores.
thanks for following
Interesting concept from Ayurvedic medicine is that there r only 2 diseases--excess & lack--seems true for discontent as well.
Thanks for featuring us on #GivCauseLive #TheGivingNetwork, ! we're looking forward to working together more in the future
teach me how to jerk :D
just pretend there are a dozen little girls hairbrush signing with you. I spent hours singing Gypsys,Tramps &Theives with you in 1971
dad , try and try! Haha lol
So sorry to hear it's been difficult. :(
I'm super excited about my new projects in the works! Next up: Music Video
I hope everyone has enjoyed their Thanksgiving!!!
OKEY. I WAS ABOUT TO ASK THAT TOO.
Thanks for facebooking about #libchat. Now I'm hooked...
always some shit going on in this house i'm not surprised
I like it too! Because my work is closed for part of it ;)
I'm 43. Kids today have more choices than when I grew up. There's more competition for their attention. That's a part of it.
RAY-RAY LIVES!! cc:
hey where are you guys in NYC? YOU SHOULD CME OVER FOR DINNER<3 LOVE AND MISS YALLLLL =(
Wine is fine but whiskeys quicker.
Hah sorry, I meant bicycle. I won the war though "you should've seen the other guy"
i know right!! Haha :)
I'm starting a diet today. Wish me luck :)
I Seriously Appreciate That Ma Dude
Sometimes all you need to open the door is just one more good idea
I'm finna finish this cheesecake tho
Anything For you Mother Monster!(:
we got some shit to accomplish !!!!!
Importing a keynote file into powerpoint and it just uglies it up. THANKS MICROSOFT.
Would love to see it after your presentation. Will you post it and let us know? Cheers... Rob
I don't like many network shows. And the ones I do like are usually comedies. But I'm really enjoying Scandal.
Congratulations! Very deserving. When I go back home & make it to a game w/ my daughters I'll try to say hi. I'm so happy for you.
it's 5 and I've been in bed since 1:30 guess its time to give up on my hope to sleep. Watch an episode, then grind and shine
- thank you for the mention!
I heard about this.
Ugh, fine.
Texting you and I ask " How was Yo day" and u say "K" , ....um bye
I'm going in wit a open mind its just a lesson learned # open minded
RT : Amazon USA #1162876 House Cleaning Tips: How to Clean and Declutter Your Home Fast $8.57: Sherrie Le Masurier. D......
RIP Davy Jones...The world will miss you. <3
hey thanks for the follow I believe I may have met you guys at warped stl last summer. Would you guys like some shirts?
I actually hadn't hear of #pinterest (shame on me), it looks interesting & fun though!
Today's forecast. Definite - web 2.0 workshop this morning. Hope for - Nova over Pitt tonight.
Legal Studies and Business: I have not yet begun to fight.
Oh captain, oh captain! have you figured anything out yet
Sound advice. RT : Never just walk around with your peener out. It's dangerous. Someone could whip it off with a towel, you guys.
i want those #redbottom spikes (:
When I first watched it I was really put off by the production quality, but it's a really great show once I got used to it.
Manning never had a receiver like DT. He's got a better overall receiving corps than in Indy. Decker better than u think
won't be up for the Newcastle game, will be up for ours and hope we do have something to play for..
:) RT : Congrats, Inspiration Corporation! You guys rock!
You did dat. Luv da song my young brother. You know younger's is following you gotta give dem dat positive real ass shit
thank you all so much for the Follow Fridays!
there's a taser at this party... things are going to get ugly
Is it Saturday yet?
George "Electric" Kottaras!!!! Woo!
:) Thanks so much!
No more kids for me
I think my bestfriend still doesn't believe that I changed my ways, lmao .
When you know it's time, breathe deeply and move toward your fear
A little late on this, but I can now do FaceTime with my iPhone - yay!
I like him too but I am pulling for the underdog! L'ville is definitely the underdog. Barkley says only the Raptors can beat UK
In other news, I just saw some guy on an #infomercial make the juiciest #chicken is under 30 minutes. His parents must be so proud.
Big Fish is a grossly underrated movie
Elated by Roy Dotrice's cameo on tonight's
Well shit, why didn't I fill up my gas tank yesterday
What's your prescription for a sore back? Please share!
far more complicated to let it all pile up! enjoy the sweet tea!
great gig at made wit love today. thx for playing ;)
other people make it so easy (thanks)
yo you got my email right?
The Time Travelers Wife<3
Just saw Beach House in concert. Eat your heart out.
I just realized can run really fast. He high fived Chorizo!
That awkward moment when someone is watching you take a picture of yourself.
For sure. Keep spreading the word about what we're trying to do
But isnt Z a MOT? MT : FB now wants me to add yellow stars to my friends' profiles. You know who else put yellow stars on things?
but you're too busy?
I'm following via shade 45
So more blessed to have the amazing mother I do
Hey Keno, I seen you tweet your looking for producers, I produce beats, may I send you a link to my site?
Mark Espinoza from encourages 3000 students. "You are our future. Walmart is excited to be a part of #SLS2012 launch."
And while I'm chillin I'm seeing dumb niggas chasing dumb hoes looking for love. If you be patient they'll come but no ones patient anymore.
One hour till Pennsylvania polls close. Did you vote yet?
I'm swellington! :) how are youu?
“: that would be hell” that would be a night mare.
Bad spellers of the world untie!
and why is that? :/
let me see!
That sounds like my absolute worst nightmare. My short answer is yes.
what it bro
Lucia Pinochet swears they found all the $ her father stole
#protopeeps what's up
omg so jealous. I always wanted to be on that show. Congrats dude.
do u know what day?
lol...at least you'll die doing something fun?! you'll be closer to God...look at it that way! ha
“: EAT SOME FUCKING CARBS and get back to me when your brain works again.”
Ragin' Shrimp in Nob Hill is so super delicious and way better than Pappadeaux any day...oh, and way less expensive.
S.I.N.G.L.E =S.orry, I.m N.ot G.iving L.osers [my] E.nergy.Sorry, i made the mistake once. Im waiting for that 'right' one.
Bye everyone
i never go there
“: The #Mariners WIN AGAIN!!! I Love Spring Training!!!” We are excited for baseball season!
Although there are many trial marriages... there is no such thing as a trial child. ~Gail Sheehy
Don't make me smoke up all your Kush, don't make me pop your cheap ass pills.. I use to do this for the thrill
I love Tom Jones! I saw him live at the Celebrity years ago. He is so sexy!
Open!!!! RT : Behind the Music Aaliyah comes on, on Thursday! VH1
"Get your fiddle out of my face freak!"
It's been a damn good day!
Liv, that's just gorgeous!!!
do you want the dirty version/instrumental/acapella dj pack for my hip-hop recording artist precise single "it's on me"
I thought that was going to be a pic of a Navy laser gun lol!
All about productivity! : can't afford wi-fi in the sky!
It's lunch time. I could go for a slice of pizza from Via Napoli at Epcot right about now. How about you?
Only for the privileged account holders.
"Raibon Radio" reaching out Sydney. Love to have you on! Hit me! Any Wed in April.
I Can Tell You Been Practicinq #Drake !
Where's my punctuation disappearing to?
OCLC survey: 25% of special collections include multiple sites / service locations / departments
You have made me happy. Was gonna give up on twitter but I will stick around for better tomorrows and ppl I may relate to. Thx.
I love when it's Wednesday.! Because it's all downhill from here.
five women performing on stage... Very manly - enjoy the show
Video: Ray J's Brother Reacts To The Fight With Fabolous! "I Believe Fab More Than My Own Brother" & Thinks Its Drugs Gettin 2 Him [Audio]
had the best day with you.
just found out Brett has a basketball tourney this weekend. starts Friday night....love the advance notice- glad I did not have big plans!
just fell off my bed.
#news The silent movie The Artist wins at the Critics' Choice Movie Awards
Like Us on facebook too and check out our Marijuana Tees and some amazing #420 art
It is! RT : Is this going to be a recurring column?
A large group attending SD environmental mayoral debate on Earth Day tomorrow. Wondering who understands SD h2o issues.
im pregnant, its yours.
But don't tell me you liked "Angles."
Im free on saturday hit me up 414-581-1818 and ill let u know a time RT when can we meet up n discuss business
Im surprised Allstate hasn
Can't forget Cupid. Of course. Pssst. This one's a hot date. I smell a connection.
ill b ya slave lol
"I am beyond high, I am lifted..."
All the Madonna haters need to chillax. Madonna deserved to win last night her film is brilliant! What do you expect????
Pure gold.
Any logo artist hit me up i need a new logo ASAP!!!!!!
great meeting you tonight :)
Youre not a shooter, why yhe hell you taking shots homie?
Ms Jeske, you are so fabulous. You know that, right?
Looking for a Columbus, OH area tech writer to create troubleshooting guides for field service techs. Call 1.847.631.1299 or
the problem with moving into an office but not taking over the former occupant's position is you get calls for said person. all. the. time.
Is it too late to do the tutorial? I had a feeling I may have waited too long
YAY NOW YOU ARE:$ LOVE YOU SEXY;) -KEN
it's gonna be too much fun!
Tragic. the assistant that was killed had just gotten married and had a new baby.
Congrats UL, welcome to the Final 4
#WorstRapLineEver um all of them.
8flavaz is bad ass girl group
you both look so cute together
not yet, but it takes a while. Working full time and trying to launch a business is very hard. I'm just moving forward ...
you'll be the first PR I call. You'll be my Ari Gold.
“: Hello LA. U r pretty” // Welcome back!!
no. Tijuan had them. He gave them to me tonight.
yeah for sure! Love pingbacks
let's just go saturday
I heard that its a psychological thing, cows do it to each other when they are in heat, farmers know when to "service" them
At Luche Libre in Latin Quarter. Can't tell if this place is cool or a swinger's bar...or both?
That's some Beetlejuice type stuff right there.
I know why you love Kendrick, but does that same analysis apply to Aybar? Can't he be Andrus 10 rounds later?
Ready for inspiration at #socialgood in NYC. Today's line up is Ted Turner, founder of idealist Ami Dar, Do Something, USAID, and UNF.
RT : aren't they great? Need to get a fresh pedi so I can rock them!
asks "Aren't you showered with poorly written works?" Joseph Sanchez responds "Yup...you don't "buy" it"
what happened? :(
Big congrats to and the entire team at The War Room TV. Job well done on a great debut last night.
MY LIL BRO SAID HE WOULDN'T WEAR ROBIN JEANS
Can I be your bestie!!!!:D
RT : YO will be performing TONIGHT at Bengals & Bandits on Highland & Chimes for 10pm SEE YOU THERE!
But... Wisconsin was awesome too. Because I was there :P <3 You guys rockk
Good god how many commercials are they going to show.
Andy Lee has is not championship caliber, Sergio would decimate him. too bad, not catching UFC PPV instead
checking out the #rallyforsanity on the tube.
Back in the W's with a 4-1 slate but most importantly a 1-0 conference record. Rams are blessed to be 56-1 at home in the last 3 years !
so true!! hope you are doing great! Been a long time-since we did the broadcasts in Greece for Olympics!! What a blast!
I use to give a fuck I've literally given up, My mama raised 2 sons not a jerk nor a Duck!!-YGeeDot- #underdawg mixtape On the Way!
AW SUCK IT UP SOLDIER LMAOOO
Hey RB - hope you're doing well.Thanks a bunch for RT'ing that anchor drag video! Narcosis Dive Charters & Capt Van are the best.
bodied midwest miles, give it up for miles he had sum bars as usual but at the end of the day BODY BAG
WTH #Facebook, clicking on a ticker status launches a #Huffpo tab in #chrome?
u wearing cotton or lace? I wear lace and im always comfortable
Figured but thought i would ask! :)
bartinis VIP tomorrow around 11 pm. Feel free to join
Free sneak peek tonight! first 10 peeps to put names on the list get in free to our come back show Nov 28th & a FREE copy of the new single
Fuck you, text message I just recieved.
Thx for all your support. Will I see you again this Sunday at Crocker park? 1000 kids succeeding is unforgettable. :)
I agree!
Kevin Love putting up NBA Jams #'s!
Haha thanks girl :)
hey weasel u need to come to del rio tx. Small town we need some laughs u can stay at my place. We got chickens orig and chrispy
I PUT MY SHADES ON N JUS BLOW DA SMOKE OUT....LOUD PACK SHAWTY...SWEAAR YU CANT TOUCH ME!!!....#(BLUNTBLOWIN)
breaking sports: Former NFL Patriots star Junior Seau is dead of apparent suicide.
Check out our website Link: www.elenacollectionusa.com
when will you come back to Philippines??????!!!!
Congrats Thor! What a ride!
Good Morning!!!
And I got charged with the 2 cases about 10 months ago
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. John Wooden
27- just followed! :) i LOVE your icon and your website rocks!!! <U+2665>
Aww, thanks. It's a good cut I think.
at least that's only a semester away!
Also like the "this is my director's cut" comments, because Ridley Scott has *never* released a Director's Cut on DVD.
Self-employed mommas rock!
Your dog looks concerned to lol! RT : New avi.
RT : I will be on CNBC's tonight with at the 7pm ET hour. Please tune in!
U didn't walk her to the door did you lol
I'm so glad won the x-factor. I can't wait to get her album!
strictly for live men not fresh men
All that research in Las Vegas will now pay off!
": White parents sayings: "Good morning, time for school" ...Black parents sayings: Getcha ass up, don't miss that bus!" Lmao
When I did, it was Fisher. And if I still did still would be her
& also I want to salute the homie for his role as camera op for the Diamond - Loose Screws Video
thanks for the mention. Claire does awesome work :-)
happy wednesday carol
This weekend ONLY...Get an additional 10% off your whole purchase in our walk in store by mentioning that you seen us on Twitter.
we out there
Congrats to Kentucky for sticking to their strategy of having physically dominant players at every position
unsure to what extent observing/acting in 0-sum games moves us away from the currency of test scores, $
“The future started yesterday, and we’re already late.” - John Legend
thank you :-)
Its 1:06 am && I have school in a few hours :( Goidnight
Just ate a flower for 10 bucks!
BW3 s is over rated!
I'm finding SXSW tweets particularly annoying this year for some reason.
Ahh, you're in VA... knew you were on the east cost. Yep, gloomy. And a Monday. That's just not right.
you sound like you should be riding a horse in Texas smoking a Marb Red
if you go down the street a bit and turn around, she is standing up
I'm working the desk right now in the Business dept. Stop by & I'll hook ya up w/the best spots to work!
Are we newly popular? Five inquiries in 24 hours via our contact form; usually it's ~1 per week. (Hello again, world!)
Thx for the #mention Thx for the #follow Please follow my friend - they
i sure do.
I'm not prepared for work today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
I so not feeling school tomorrow
So i listened to your one song and i love it!!!! you are very talented! =)
Apparently the date 4/20 has no significance whatsoever. Because, you know, there is no 420 North American area code.
shopping problems
Definitely best as a team...
Wow, you are not lying! That was awful!
Smashing Pumpkins show last night was awesome!! Wish they had played more of their hits though...too many B songs. Overall, the show rocked
It's been a good weekend.
Just saw a Vending Machine with Yes I Accept Credit Cards And Debit.... Wth...
Dreaming about Adalberto's california burrito and a tall can of beer.
Working on Switchvox integration with Google Analytics for website conversion to phone call tracking.
sorry to burst ur fetus but that hunk doesn't Follow me so that is nearly impossible
think she left me up by myself
Man, that chicken sandwich was so good! #abq #nottoosoon #tweetsfromlastlunch - Sarah K.
Feeling some way .
right...I swear!!!
Hmm, I don't know about that. She's gonna be Prime Minister of Japan. :P
I know how you feel. I watched CNN w/ Anderson Cooper 6 months ago, & haven't turned the TV on since.
Some parents put chocolate in the milk to get kids to drink it...we use coffee.
YG IS COMING FRESH OFF OF HIS PATTY CAKE TOUR AND HITTING SEATTLE PERFORMING "TOOT IT AND BOOT IT" brought 2 you by
taking 18 people to the temple tomorrow. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord God, who is mighty to save all who come to Him.
Oh, you know. Plus ça change.
Glad to hear it! I do miss London, weather included. You'll have to plan SD into your next roadtrip. Best wishes for book 2!
Heading into work #scratchthat going fishing stay tuned for pics of the largest fishies ever...
'sup brethren!
Wow. Great article. :) And very nice photos of your journey. :)
Its funny how people change throught out the years ..
I want a nice cute trade dude to fuck! Thatll be awesome!
Thanks Chris! Hey do you want to head up our Tweet Team for the Campaign?
This month marks the 12th anniversary of the Arts Trust license plate joining the special group license plate market in Indiana. I <3 mine!
the sick new full video from FLOW. Scotty Lago rips shit up with the whole team on this one.
Re-tweeting is only for queers. That being said. Re-tweet this if you're a man that's not attracted to other men.
I'm not a joiner, but even I would join the artist-at-large community ... if I didn't already own it, I gues ...
DIG THIS: a heavy equipment playground for adults! 888-344-8447 call for rates & directions in the central west. Sounds fun!!
Why is Chris Webber callin this game? Doesnt TNT kno he always choked in the playoffs? At least he cant try & call a TO from the scorers tbl
Sorry. Was RT : FYI...that twitter page does not exist
lol just made my night thanks <U+2717>O<U+2717>O
Yo, , can't wait to party with you at #PXYSJ on 6/12!
when you see your old messages with him and start crying <<<<
Nope, I don't know what this pattern is, There's green black dots on white.
Almost. I did yell at it as it was trying to head back into the building.
you got the password to the school wifi ?
Steven Slater is my hero! LMAO talk about a grand exit! What a way to quit a job. Classic!!!! LMAO
SINGLE and LOOKING for my edward!!!! RT Please i need everyone's help :)
Lifes a gift :)
Thanks for the mention!
Thx for ur app! RT Just applied for office manager position at Fingers crossed! I want to work in a SA office again!
"There's too many fat asses out there." - Charles Barkely is a damn fool. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Every day is like a blank canvas waiting to be filled.
Registered already for the doubles tourney!!
Also ran into a dude at the gym that randomly walked up to me and asked, "Hey bro - can you hook me up with some juice or blow." Wow.
Time for the #marchforbabies Post Walk Celebration in Victory Village!
i really can not wait to be 16... or 18.
Hi Jacob i'm your biggest fan, i love u very much-Alex
JazzShow Matt Riley Electric Bass - today Bocci's Cellar 150 Encinal Street Santa Cruz.Full bar/Kitchen/Good Food. CUThere www.mattriley.net
And yes I'm a teensy bit jealous. But I'll still have clean clothes and the ability to hear. And not just that ringing sound.
MOVIE TRAILER: “Bourne Legacy” – Starring Jeremy Renner -
im scared bro no mames
let's finish the weekend right!!
aw we might be able to arrange that as long as joe gets his studying done lol
lmao dude harsh
thanks! We've given people like 12 chances to see us this summer, but many never did. Now we're going to take a break from shows.
Who can live tweet #aaasci ??
So many superbowl parties,today go Giants 35/14
We'll take great care of ya! Again. Glad you're back! a
rumors are that Aruspex will announce a strategic partnership with a major research institute next week. be on the lookout for pr release
go man go
Well I just don't know what to think about today.
re:hospital bag, all I can rmber is glasses, lip balm, socks (for chilly feet). Took soothing CD's, but didn't even hear them.
Ah! I love that feeling when I wash my face.
Got seven messages 1st block they were all from twitter.. I seriously have no friends
Also a fan of [Gwadway] Nattinas Bank (that'd be local bank "Broadway National"). We're not sure about Gwadway, but Nattinas, YES.
I need Starbucks fix too, I have been good though, I've steered away from syrups. Running on regular now. Fondest Regards
I already have one , sorry :/
#ToolBank Enjoying the ToolBank Summit Dinner. Nick Costides, our Board President, delivered an inspiring talk. ToolBank.org
Awesome, doooooode thanks.. Have a great weekend!
Whale whale whale what do we have here?
Thanks! I've had that icon since I started on twitter and you are the first person to recognize it. Makes it all worthwhile
Gooodnigght This Time <3 Don't Let Those Tweets Bite Yall : ) [PAUSEE)) That Sounded Corny -.-
Rep. Norm Dicks, D-Wash., announces his retirement.
sure Reagan was good in our lifetime, but is mediocre if you compare him to say Jefferson.
Grace....going to need a lot to do.
Trying not to crack up on the platform. :)
[Campus Bulletin] It'll all be over soon. Just let it happen. Eventually you won't even feel the pain anymore.
Now you wanna talk about serenity??? After you had tits as your avi?!?! Yupp... #Serenity ^_^ RT SERENITY!!!
Thanks for sharing - did you go to the Ulta opening?
Happy Mother's Day from all of us
Though I understand the Church's power in persecution,I see secularism as a great opportunity for the Church to grow & be strong
:) RT : Happy mothers day moms (Pets count in my book)! I love you
is gonna love my new username ..
Said the guy who bought it for me
Yes! RT I like vision of school as life-long learning community for all - students, tchrs + parents
sweet thanks <U+E415>
LMAO! Best way to start the Spurs game...watching the Mavericks get swept! Hahaha! Goodbye losers!!
Hoping everyone is staying cool in the States! Sending breezes to all chilling in the Sun! Everyone have a awesome day!
lawlz... Introducktion was such a joke. I got sick and barely went to any of it.
say hi to chuck for me. Am so glad its u and not me.
how about them giants baby xoxoxo
wouldnt this be a unilateral move? What would be the benefit to Q?
Sublime is so chill.
Omg CeeLo's shirt... "No Problems" - Amazing.
community classes and fun things all weekend! Starting Thursday! :)
Good Morning...swing by today and say hello to your fellow Farmers!
I want my life to resemble your music video for Oblivion.
#Parenthood never fails to make me cry. #NBC cannot cancel (I like to cry)
Love love love that pic of you and Mr L . . .xx
Plan Beats Crew has been offered a residency at Automatic Slims 1216 Washington Ave 11-2am every wednesday w DJ Selfborn, starting this ...
RT : FOOD TIP # 4: If you're unsure of an egg's freshness, put it in a cup of water; fresh eggs sink, bad ones float.
you tell me lol
#FridayFightAgainst Cancer!!! Praying for my aunt Kathy
god meeting :)
I have no internet connection at the moment. Can email info in about 3 hours please?
My road to recovery is paved in Jimmy John's and Gatorade.
Thanks! I'll keep the spirit of the dogcowrobot alive. :)
my hair always down lol . RT i want you on top, so let ya hair down.....
I can't figure out what I'm missing.
And the rosary beads count them 1, 2, 3!!! Fell apart as they hit the floor..
Mac Mini or iPad - which do you think I should get?
I wanna and go heads up. Who do you think would win?
I need more boo's
Count me in!
Why do people act like friends, but talk so much crap?
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Jordyn Adams °Rising 6th °Beaumont, TX °Travel Team: Southeast Texas Elitte °Point Guard 5’5
I only drank like once. And only got buzzed. :p
so since im go be spending majority of the summer here in Little Rock , who am I going too fck with ???
Another great prize! RT : Get ready for a chance to win a #WarmBellies Prize from !
good night world..
Thanks so much for the follow! If you ever need a singer, let me know.
Why am I voting for Barack? Because if its not #Barack, don't fix it.
sorry Mr. Miyagi is a Packer fan... sadly also dead.
you don't think that dischargability in bankruptcy has any effect on that statistic?
We will be launching private beta of DealAngel next week. Let me know if you want an invite! :)
ah ha! thx. i can tell you are so happy. enjoy!!
Really liking this dude! Really liking!
I hate British women filmmakers. They are all so wonderful. Just watched We Need To Talk About Kevin.Well written and executed.
yup..it's time I do..been married 19yrs long time..married young,but hes just not the same man and I hate who he is now
Okay so the best part of easter so far? Pastor Dave "conducting" the choir in rehearsal and the Hallelujah Chorus!
Tremendous things happen to the believer. ~NVP
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down
When I hear the recorded Metra announcement " . . . add your eyes and ears to those of our own," I mentally copyedit.
i wonder if earworms are part of your subconscious?? and what the meaning behind having a song stuck in your head the whole day is?
Glad to have on the team. Let's get to it!
Come see whats happened in the 'Burgh since you've been gone! Brew your own beer in Greenfield! Seriously. Come brew with us!!!
I'm sleepy. But, still have ONE more paper to write, before tomorrow. :( BO!
hey beautiful! I love u
ya popped up in mah feed but I not sure! I sing in !!
I pray for Discernment & Wisdom daily! No time for setbacks in this season...
It's definitely common sense, but that doesn't mean there aren't best practices!
Raging Bull 2?! What in the hell is happening in Hollywood?
Great to follow you! do you ever use ecommerce systems for any of your clients? we'd love to connect.
Sounds great to me! Plenty of antioxidents which I should probably focus on now that I'm 21! ;)
Can't wait til Season 2
smokin by the gram
no, we're filming in Oklahoma.
To double your income, triple your rate of learning.
Karaoke tonight with Milwaukee's very own Spinn Doctors! $2 PBR Tall Boys and NO COVER. Singers and especially non-singers welcome!
On social sites: access to content does not mean access to meaning. From
A student tells the board how important it is to keep FLES and how teachers have not been allowed to let parents know of the cuts.
thank you! our seasonal greenmarket preserves are pretty delicious, but so is our peanut butter!
out with the old and in with the new
“: Co-Sign. “: ATTN: THE OSCARS HAVE OFFICIALLY BECOME THE HUGOS. SPREAD THE WORD.””
Still grinding.
#thingsihate tan lines
u wanna go to the camp?
Show me where you piss from
your day?! hahah hello! ;D
Blues on the dog house last night. Blues on the porkchop today. Food for the soul.
sometimes I set my intention to be patient with my yoga instructor so that when they fuck up my flow I don't want to strangle them
#SaySomethin is on replay right now. (:
A lot of talk about memories. New ones being made tonight
Weird. Ours seems to work . . .
Can't play tomorrow but gon be there anyway
Disturbing Child Abuse And Riefenstahl-Imagery - Black Star News
You're more likely to get struck by lightning twice than see a bad film with Daniel Day-Louis in it
I guess I lost your number #embar lol I'm on my way!!
Are you really bringin your bebe ass kids out to the alley right now?
too far away. Maybe they will save it until August 1?! I'm a very loyal customer, if in the country.
Sounds interesting. Also: good fodder for a convention talk.
All your #Belmont preview in 1 place www.ussportspages.com
nop am single and am gonna stay that way
I hate that girl you love so much... #Selfish?
My ice cream was already opened... #smh giant
wow. Butchered that last tweet. Nice and cold honey roasted peanuts*
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Diggy. <U+2661>
It sure is a beautiful day in LA today.... A great day to get a big iced coffee and take a walk along the beach
Single, and going to keep it this way for awhile. :).oKToBerFeST.(:
Please ignore. Testing client.
time for work :)
My CW regularly asks for direction and then consistently doesn't follow the instructions... People who are not detail oriented frustrate me.
well maybe I'll get to see patty play then! On the ground in Portland. Thankful.
almost certainly we'll be at bar
Follow back?:)
we're open for another half hour here at Lucky Lab. You can also check in tomorrow. Signed up tons of new Bike Club members today! Yippee!
man i havent talk to all day.
It'd be nice if lemson could win one game in a tournament.
where u be, Chickadee??
To celebrate there 10,000 pedal, Moog has $50 rebates on any purchase of a new moogerfooger pedal through 12/31!
Shorter : food snobbery isn't about food, but this book is. (haven't read it yet)
Starting the Special K diet on Wednesday! Trying to go from 123 to 115! I love food too much so I'll need y'all to wish me luck!
Blah blah blah ur a bully and a huge hypocrite !!! Funny ass hoe
#sllconf: at last a full day to dive deeper into 's build/measure/learn loop
: #ReplaceBandNamesWithBoobs boobs lane!
Dont think about it, be about it .
Another vid with coming soon.
stay strong i still believe in you as our quarterback buddy
often when I go shopping I wish I were more like Joe Strummer after all.
exploring your house and finding lost treasures is some good shit
Did I ever mention I really hate waiting a week between TVD epidsodes... With that being said.. TONIGHT is gonna be INTENSE!!
spend an afternoon in Parc Guell. Have coffee by the arc de triomf. Eat paella & tortilla de patatas. Drink estrella damm.
Did we mention FREE BEER on the S.S. Bloody Brunch River Cruise? Because oh yeah....that's happening! www.bloodybrunch.com YIPEEEEES!
Invest knowledge to those who are worthy
Start of my clothing line is official! CANNA-WEAR. Hoodies & T-Shirts available 4 ordering. Pics on my F.B page.
need a cms for web site?
Lets go Pens via worcesterma
Thanks for braving the storm last night!
Guess gets “: Does get what wants? Michael Floyd is available. #Cardinals”
I do not feel like goin to work, but I do feel like makin money
Nice RT : Can't we just go skiing already and stopping sharing about it?
NFL: Owners OK review on turnovers, OT tweak All turnovers will be reviewed from the booth with no coaches' challenges needed and overti
"ASK FOR FORGIVENESS!" oh adelelele's mom ;)
It appears that's who is behind it. They are planning to "liberate" abandoned buildings. Hm.
Can't wait to see today! (:
I hope Spain wins today, because I don't like Germany and I want someone new to win the World Cup.
cool. We have a threesome so far. One more to go
very nice
#CodyOnEllenAgain please? you, me and could totally hang out together!
Unfortunately and I'm pretty sure that's the weekend of prom! I'm sorry I wish I was):
It feelz like itz been centuries since I've watched basketball I've missed like a month of games...and missed highlights so I'm kinda lost
Ms. LegendtinaAguilera is the best ever <3
#cantmesswit ppl who's #notafan of smoking bud unless u have a six figure job
Hey there! Love to send you guys to taste. Just DM me your mailing address – Thks!
It's the groovebox.
It does take such an effort, but what's more important, really? Making breads w/ almond/coconut flour. Lots of protein & veggies.
You have to follow me so I can send you a message
Shocking performance by the ref in this Chelsea match. Ignored blatant foul by Essien, then miss obvious offside call on Chelsea "goal"
i brought it 3 times on iTunes and I have a CD. Follow me please?
BO!!!! You would have been a great fit on #teamadam. I still will love you :) Rep the four stars!
Got the hiccups. I feel like my heart is gonna pop out of my chest -_-
When white people call other white people "niggas" <<<<<
To be perfectly honest, I think they invented Blue Cheese Dressing from Black Beards toe jam.
Tonight on 12 News at Ten...how Republican State Sen. Alberta Darling spent this Democratic primary Election Day.
Hey there is no need for a new album every single time I upload a video to facebook... could you please fix this?
White tiger urs?
What color is your nail polish??
Improving taxi quality in Baltimore. Please provide taxi color or cab number. Thanks Baltimore TService
I gotta stop pretending to be a drunk Greek guy
Happy Friday everyone! Have a great weekend and stay warm :)
RT : So glad our fearless leader is on her way back to OKC with a new hip! Prayers for Masie's continuing recovery
How women mark their territory :: filling his top dresser drawer with her things <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Although I surprised the catcher a bit...
Thank you. I hope you do the same.
heyy jaden i was wandering it is my friend (ellie charlton)'s Birthday And I was Wandering if u can Plz
This -> RT : You HAVE TO FOLLOW Very humorous, enjoyable and clever guy. Great talk, very entertaining.
Good to know that another band called The Puffins is squatting on , has 5 tweets and references cocaine 40% of the time
he's just bein a thug yaannoo
hopefully ur comedy makes me laugh as much as ur game!
Make sure to charge all of your electronic devices today for optimum live tweeting from the #halsteadannual meeting!
We all agree its time for drinks
Thanks for the blog mention!
My mutha wouldn't let me leave until I ate...now I reek of sausage n' peppas.
You are awesome! Thanks again.
I got up and out so I'm headed your way
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody. Now I see that I should have been more specific. ~ Jane Wagner
I once ripped the fins off a shark using my bear hands which I ripped off a bear with my BARE HANDS.
I wish Wayne Simmonds would run face-first into a freight train
Hope you have a great vacation Cindy, bring back some summer weather for us will you?? :)
I fucking love my Ringlets. They keep my TL sports-free, my mentions jumping like CRAZY, & RT/starfuck the shit outta me :)
Tiara: "stop clapping so loud!! We not in church !!" lmao her & aleecya
i know right!!! i love this weather!!!!! :)
Hahaha! Dave Scott on is hilarious! That was probably the funniest thing I've seen in a while!!
Kobe so mf crucial with this shit!!!
let's meetup Saturday morning. 11am panel about story+library
Pretty sure I have the most amazing woman Love u
don't let it stress u! u probs already got ur money's worth :)
thank you.
Watchn the Heat vs Knicks game
congratulations , so proud to have been part of the team!!
I saw you on my way out... Weird
Ooh--interesting. Have you seen the conversation spelled out in a more nuanced way elsewhere? (Links?) I'd love to read.
honestly, it's high time for some new friends.
saying the next Sophie book to come out in January.... what a wonderful belated Christmas present!
wow, time flies! Any plans to celebrate your last day?
Bottom of the 13th.
so many mosquitoes in my room, it's not even funny. I swear, if I wake up and I have even as little as ONE bite, imma slap someone.....
Are you having a #Austream today!? :]
i want to be fair though. he would never have a chance at winning mariokart!
#YouCuteAndAllBut you're dumb as a bag of bricks.
I've reached the point where drinking bad wine/coffee/beer just isn't worth it.
applying ice to my own injuries tonight...hey, if you dish it out, you gotta be able to take it too.
that's awesome to hear! We've had some changes around here since you've been gone.. Including a new twitter handle!
that's. Hilarious. Thanks for the reminder.
likewise lovely lady.. so grateful for all that you do..enjoy this wonderful day:):)
If you're gonna act like you're single.. DON'T be in a relationship.
i get my stitches off today but my cast is on for 2 more weeks :/
As much as I like ATTACK THE BLOCK I really wanted horrible things to happen to those boys for their behavior at the beginning of the movie.
did it come out? I didn't see it
you and your tweets! Lol.(:
I got a headache.... I need my medicine!
words of wisdom, thank you for enlightening me on the ways of fuck giving. it has been added to my terminology now!
When you notice that the girl who sits infront of you and always takes notes on her damn iPad now has a HUGE crack across the screen.
well that's good :))
I'm ready for the second now.
Pretty sroked about the nice weekends but c'mon. Let's get this Summer weekday thing on track.
So kewl brah “: smoking weed ~ :D”
Im doing hair
Movie is deep
Best cookie I've ever eaten, your oreo/choc chip one. Amazing.
yup, fail no buddy passes!
oh hush don't act like u not excited either!
We are resuming Region 11 panel with AOS I app #120002 Strings, Inc.
i already did :)
everyone has different tastes.
RT : Finally! The #astd2012 app is available for the iPhone! It's titled ASTD Events!
today is a Stack, life is a Queue.
No first block for me
"mail time mail time maiiiillll timmmeee, o its here"
forever wishing you'd follow!!
The most common injury caused by cosmetics is to the eye by a mascara wand. - Via the Funny Facts Free app -
Why do I feel like half the people saying Louis Vuitton is their #FavoriteClothingBrand are living on welfare?!
Today pompous British people dress up for a wedding. Next weekend pompous Americans dress up to watch a horse run for 1 min.
Marvelous cocktail party last night with friends and neighbors. The bottled cocktails were a lifesaver as I was not allowed in the kitchen!
I should be sleeping!
Maybe since you post often about MH, do the opposite for one day. (whatever that may be.) Have fun with it!
WHAT THE HECK " APRO.PK " is the next top peeny stock of the year OMG...
love your work, would love to photograph you sometime when you are back in New England.
Come hang at Kobo Live with us this Tuesday to show some Columbus love to Nashville rockers Hello Kelly!
My 6th period gym teacher has been missing for a week already. Uh oh.
11-5pm and we would need you there at 10. email me at for the locations details!
I'm used to it. Don't feel bad.
Move out day. ER here I come.
what time are we getting this party started?!?
let us know! :)
CONGRADULATIONS! I cant believe that out of 17k followers you are following me:O
Ho Ho Ho! Merry Christmas my dear friends and family... may today bring you the warmth of love, the spirit of happiness, the strength ...
This is CRAZY! I can't do this.
Thanks for the RT, Cindy! Glad you liked the article, and hope your followers do, too.
I hope but doubtful
do you mind sleeping during day?
correction. 47. I want two helpings.
The only thing being slap is nikkis ass...
#8x10designs.com small business design package, Just $375 including business cards and stationary. 484-378-9103
..wow, and what do you do?!
Fuck it i am done workn out, i dont like it when legs feel like jello
#TeamsThatCanBeatTheLakers I Hope Illuminati Freezes All Of Ya'll Computers--For Anyone Participating. Thank You Black Mamba
My hair is getting long <U+E057><U+E106><U+E424> happy happy happy <U+E41D><U+E51F>
i totally agree with u
In a session about QR codes. Would love to use them in my elementary
Found thee smallest pack of gum at Wal Mart so i had to buy it! Its literally the little things that are the cutest to me lol.
Today is the last day to submit a song dedication for a chance to hear it on #Lightscape this Valentine's Day.
Great and productive day with my parents and my kids. We are all exhausted tonight though.
what other series do you watch? I love Dexter, Walking Dead, and Sparticus lol
which is like thousands of degrees above absolute zero, otherwise known as winter.
yeah lol unis are horrendous but I like the bows !
You say No to Drugs, Juicy J Can't.
Please tell your folks happy 50th! Damn inspiring. :-)
Part of me
beauty and the beast <3
What the hell is wrong with Bosh? Whatever it is... Not our deal!
Friend and co-conspirator Kate Lesta, director of on the air from 12-3pm today!
Thanks for your words and for following
It's full day of editing and writing. Working from the house this morning, heeding to this afternoon.
can I come!!!
My son has Teterology of Fallot.
the box office will have them for that price. We may have someone back at UWM Wednesday...
trying to quash the urge to write poetry when my thesis draft is due in nine days
Gowdy, Duncan and Wilson; Duncan even said they might contact me about a possible visit
The new Justin Bieber single comes out on my little sister's birthday. She loves him. #iknowwhatimgettingher #cheapgiftftw haha
Up and at'em.
My sister had a copy of Battleship from the "Barbershop" but I refused to watch it.
Happy Mother's Day....as I go and pick up my new kitchen table, I feel as though my moms present wasnt nearly as good
2 things, watch some charlies angles, and don't let know you have wine gums...she'll eat them all with no remorse
sorry about that! Have a great day!
I miss your face <3 =)
Take risks u can afford. Never jump all the way out there.
Omg titanic in 3D with the best cousin!!!:) <3
Follow Me Please? Thanks:)
I have decided to leave my pursuits and worldly possessions behind. Instead I will build stone by stone a temple to Al Yankovic.
Last week in the class. I'm going to miss the students—especially those who sat with me and worked on tough assignments.
Can Cain gather more momentum. He looks good at this moment but things change quickly.
Fun fact: in 1778 , 14 out of 16 new English novels were published anonymously. (The English Novel, eds. Raven and Garside)
Music transcends time.
Welcome to Morgan Tucker Consulting Engineers first Tweet!
Absolutely loving -- fun, easy, beautiful. How did it take me so long to discover this?
Berggren is getting worked on both sides of the court!
Next stop, the network!
guy are sppost to do everything in a relationship ?! lol
. kill corruption w kindness.
Another shareholder asks JPM to divest from companies doing biz in Sudan & thereby supporting genocide... So far JPM opposes all resolutions
Pub quiz question #1: What Star Treck series alumnus will compete for charity in this weeks celebrity apprentice?
Lifeline promoting the $11.90 unlimited local plan hits the streets of NY targeting those who are being ripped off on their phone Bill
“: - taking the spoiled brat to the festival <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>” don't talk about Mani! Lol
listening to #ChristmasMusic and feeling the spark of nostalgia of a lifetime long ago.
If u jump i jump
I'm not a business man, I'm a business, man.
Basketball 101: Scouting = Fast Food
Thanks for coming out on Saturday, and for the great blog post, hope to see you soon!
Walk into my living room seeing my 3 year old sitter put my dog in a pillow case, shake it around, and yell "You got punked!"
Is that a complex token?
Dear Wayne County Prosecutor's Office: Allow Davontae Sanford To Withdraw His Guilty Plea ...thanks - Black Folk Hot Spots
I love that one!
Y'all LOVE us!
Im craving starbucks;)
Where u at?
true that
Word of the day: Terroir.
A relationship is between two people, not the whole fuckin world.
January 25th Heroclix Infinity Gauntlet starts at Ares. Stay tuned for details...
#IamAStanBecause it's funny when he says *NSync are shit
The safety net is called the ER, and it is so easy to get an appt w/ the right ailmt (i.e. heart attack or profuse bleeding)
Good job Jesse! Kick some but-- we know you can do it, we're excited for you! ~RTN
Here getting things ready. Backstage is crazy right about now..loving the scenary.
we have 12mo to use it, so u tell us a good time!
Episode 46 was sent to us from the future! It will air tomorrow.
“: no holds bar Unc! Get them right!!!!” I'm sure he will cry aloud and spare Not!
Thank you! Very much appreciated! :)
All the NYC destruction in Avengers is regrettable, but that halal cart did nothing but make people happy.
You sure do love rubbing your dog's tits.
Congratulations to our own Scotty Dickert (aka "Spuds") for booking a role on NBC's Community!
I'll say it again... Young men need Good Fathers.
Thanks for checking in! Hope to see you soon!
Please open a location near Seattle! We need more chikin!
so so true!!!
Disagree. He just couldn't get away with the behind the scenes stuff cuz losing sucks & losing was assured with that staff.
"Don't get seduced by your character."--John Smock
Boston #Red #Sox have it all. The only thing missing was Carl Crawford and he has found his swing in a big way! via
agribusiness tour day 2. Off to Central #Wisconsin. Thanks to #WICorn for sponsoring us.
Mothafuckin cinco de mayo is coming up i better start drinking tequilla now
Thank you baby!
"you're so awesome, Adam!" <-- Thank you!
ready for the day where I don't have to write another research paper. Time to go to work
two women get in a fist fight at walmart #nail salon..really who gets their nails done at #wallyworld ??
I have made myself useful on this primary night running telepromter for the election updates on
RIP Clarence Clemons. Brought me much joy in the E Street Band.
I need to get a sewing machine working today. Now, where is that measuring tape!
We love Perrin! “: Discovered this guy when watching One Tree Hill. Check out "Back To You" by Perrin Lamb. ”
Online shopping is so addictive... I don't even feel like I'm spending money.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it. - Albert Schweitzer
I love Gibby. and his belly.
This lady in walmart sitting there talking to her friend instead of checking us out.
ha! Knew making him run around the bases like that would catch up to him!
I love/hate having an orthodontist appointments in the noting.
People just like to complain nevertheless no matter what the circumstances are. I gotta check out that new stadium at some point.
too quick too raw
Never stop learning! Not 1 day should go by w/out you having learned something (especially about yourself). #GO!
We highly recommend you do ;)
Ready to do work! LET'S GO!!
If this Payton Manning debacle smells fishy, say AYYYYYYYYY!!!!! >:(
we think so too! Momentum is real... :)
I'd like to send a big FU to for most likely being responsible for the structure being way too good for a $350
#MajorTurnOff when dudes dont know how to say what they want .
me!!!! It'll be my first So excited <U+2665>
She Freaky
well in my opinion YOU are pretty awesome :) have fun in the sand while I'm at my BooooooooBQ this weekend.
the smaller your #circle the better
has had a cat issue, a plumbing issue, a washing machine issue, and the freezing cold house indicates a potential furnace issue. What next?
Davis: "The problem is the way that normalcy is constructed to create the 'problem' of the disabled person."
Rondo with a triple-double!!!
RT : Highlights coming in from the 6A boys hoops quarterfinals from the Rose Garden. Joe Becker will have a live update at 6pm.
why doesn't ever tweet me back? :(
RT : I miss #TeenHoot so much. It made me forget about every bad thing in my life. It was amazing being there.. I wanna go...
#KatherineMcPhee is gorgeous and talented! She's been gone FAR too long!
Precautionary Boil Water Advisory Issued for Customers on McComas Rd, Toms Cr Rd & Hash Cr Rd in Salt Rock.
Well that's cuz you have no sense of humor...... =)
hahaha well I guess the autocorrect could have been way worse!
thanks! I'm following YOU!
thanks love! Just wanna move away to get away from shit!
I can't wait for summer ball to start already. Time to step up. <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
“Tea...is a religion of the art of life.” - Okakura
Madonna proved she still reigns queen of pop tonight at the Super Bowl Half Time Show!
who even watches the LA version of NCIS
I am absolutely, definitely, positively, unquestionably, no strings attached, beyond any doubt, unconditionally, in love with you.
Facebook is your homepage on the social web says
Fundraising is brutal!
We're following GFA Partners at the White House, with 60 US food leaders talking regional foods systems
I'm trying to get Shit faced next week
Figuring out how to find more time to tweet...
that he was sorry and second to remind me of his amazing little body that I can't get enough of. Oh my ex cheated on me and
YEP. RT : : Listening to your iPod in public, and then walking around like your life has a soundtrack.
I'll have to check that out!
twinkle twinkle suck my dick
hahahaha oh my . i remember that .
Horray! Happy #WW happy you're here #WW RT : Can't believe I am actually home for
by the time the iphone 7 is released I predict that Siri will belch and fart and become that annoying roommate that you can't kick out.
Calling bull. Need proof. RT : My bad ---- goes to the time out chair --- pouts.
What a great game by flyers and rangers earlier today! Loved it!!
Am...am I in trouble?
Thanks for the RT; there's a lot more to come in this discussion series!
Ben living in Dallas a lil ova a month n stil aint used to this time zone
Apparently when my twitter followers cross the 30 mark, they stop sending me emails. Yay! But they start sending me Cialis ads. Boo...
I was following along and suggesting you get the check at the place you were, not
Thanks for the love! :-)
thanks doll! Wish you were in town to play. We'll need to plan something postgrad.
The Rhythm of The Dance Tour is coming to the Lincoln Center in Ft. Collins Colorado this April 12th. This is a show you don't want to miss!
Oh shit, dominatrix.
Movie night with the girls, dinner,smoothies, beer, and pickles...
im saving thes for u
Word x 2 RT ": Word RT #Gemini gets irritated by ignorant people.”
So Ive been wondering where a pair of my boxers went, well I just found out. My roommate is wearing them...I just dont even know anymore eww
Congrats to 201 MCW 4th year med students on today's match!
Microsoft and Nokia Begin Massive Marketing Push Behind Lumia 900
I have several papers, tons of grading, a blog post, and a digital repository standing between me and any kind of TV.
Every Scottsville Farmers Market is a community event. Put us on your schedule for next week: Thursday 3:30 PM to 7:30 PM and Saturday...
Arte #Retirement #Community -- 184k SF Independent & Assisted Living #Facility -- #noticed on $36.25m #debt with Square Mile Cap Management.
oh ok lol
UK &amp; World News: Mirror chief Sly Bailey to quit
I'm still convinced that Lady Gaga and Amy Winehouse are the same person
"I saw it all... from a table away..."
Last minute slow cooker plan saved by high-temp setting! Dinner won't be at 9pm after all!
if that's a talent u have, go use it and charge $25.. or do two And charge $12.50.. or be ready to.load in and run errands.
last mights movie wasnt THAT bad
New to Twitter? Want to connect with others? Don't protect your tweets. We can't interact w/ you if you do. (And add a bio to your profile).
Awesome off days spent in Budapest, Hungary! Tomorrow we rock the roof of Club 202!
Taking the family down to Colorado Springs in our vintage birch wood camper for some r&r and of course big sky photography!
Even thought it's not live, do you anticipate a preview of the content of the interview?
Went hard @ the gym..!
"WRONG! Sir... Because they are both marsupials... Members of the marsupial family... Do you understand me??!!"
Rain down on me! Let YOUR love just shower me..Just rain on me!! (Singing) EVER LITTLE DRIP DROP JUUSSTT #swv...joyful even in this weather!
Still sick, this shit ain't cool
thanks, found it!
Who is that? Lol RT : you should follow #TravisClark !!
Have you guys read Sentenced At Birth yet?!? I f not you're definitely missing out!! Get your copy today..Amazon Barnes & Noble and Lulu.com
“: beer making and horse milling: volatile markets — Margery Kempe would #occupythemiddleages”
#nw The Big Waste ... feeling guilty now. The U.S. throws away almost 27 million *tons* of food a year! Most edible but unsellable
Thru 6 complete, VT still leads 4-3. Cavaliers with the top of the order coming up in 7th.
Hoping for good snow and skiing conditions tomorrow... Skiing
my fav video of all time. It still Gives me chills
also, I wasn't trying to steal anything. I just like your picture.
I do not have to know HOW I will reach my goals. I just do my part every day, let go, and the HOW reveals itself to me.
and now the band is in my neck of the woods! Ha
bonjour do you have a contact email?
No Lie came on the radio...it just got real on 240.
Back in Miami I wouldnt have this much trouble finding a "date" to go to my living social hot stone massage this afternoon.
New photos from our booth at the LPL Financial National Conference posted in album
*Sits down and patiently waits for 's announcment*.... I CAN'T TAKE WAITING ANY MORE PLEASE TELL ME
tell her I say hi :)
So mad at you for having fun. (I'm just kidding.) CAN YOU GUYS VISIT ME NOW PLEASE?
#imhappiestwhen progress is made in the fight against #humantrafficking: traffickers caught, new laws passed, or new abolitionists R born!
damn it air conditioner I WILL DEFEAT YOU
...looks real except for those horns. Need to get a closer look at them.
Had lots of fun Chicago tonight, loved seeing & ! Hope to see you ladies again soon!
Good win granger
Birthday s/o to because i love her :)))
Happy Birthday!
Yay! Last day of my week of hell....
Ha! Yes, I have the Strengths Finder 2.0 book & have taken the test. Very helpful :)
can't wait for more dexter!
Psychedelic Overdose
tell her u like older women lol
At the office waiting for the Ruby Jam to start (www.rubycodejam.com)
Mentions or followers are not coming up on my twitter. Anyone else having this problem?
He can't rehab all the time...
haa. I'm with u tho. I think Doc needs to be mention with all the greats
What's better than getting a work out & helping a great cause? A post race party! Sign up for the AFCEA 5K/Family Fun Run...
We will be going into Compass Rose Studios early February. <3
RT : RT : If u Retweet this tweet, it means u will be a Belieber forever
Of course you are~ RT : Currently listening to, "93 til Infinity" by Souls of Mischief
I wanted to thanks the 18 people who just followed me #StayClassy .
It's distressing how often I seek to cross something out and miss.
Yeah, they're!
Yes, he's very talented! And brings out some amazing plays and movies.
Let me find out you cant think!.
Many who think "I should learn to code" could start with history instead e.g.'s Hackers or 's The Information
Happy Birthday and may all your wishes come true
your very welcome :)
Lmfao I crack myself up.
-see skydeck has become Mr.Number. If you can withstand a key dev leaving, CTO changing direction, etc. fine.
Hi!) Follow back?:)
i feel kinda better ._.
Walking home then off to Dallas to intern. And in the dark of the night I get to drive back home! Oh what an awesome time.
Getting hit on by the coffee guy...
#shoutout to and for going to Casablanca yesterday :) i know. Im an amazing waitress *vows* Hahaha
You like the fuckin finish line we can't wait to run into you.
ah yes, the universe works in mysterious ways. not sure I quite understand its timing ;) hopefully will be 10x as lucid tomorrow
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Let It Bean
Holographic caves are being installed on campus' to use technology to learn. Are we ready?
lol u didn't have to say it like tht
Listening to talk about Pinterest. Looking forward to chatting again Friday.
QT : There was nothing wrong with my aim. Just had to switch targets.(((!!!!!)))
Happy Thanksgiving to you too! :)
Go Ohio beat NC!
So very surreal that I'll get to be a junior again. I can't call myself a senior and maintain my integrity
thank you
Lucky Number Slevin! I love this movie!
The good and bad to retrieving password | Best Anti Spyware Software
why don't you fucking do some research on who you arew fucking with, it will save u a lot of embarrassment
Girl, sit down and stop tryna be cool
We luv ya 2 RT My #StereoSisters have still been including me in their tweets even tho I've been m.ia. I love you girls!!!!
Thanks for posting this!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the amazing mothers out there! As one mother to another, I salute u all!
Sittin next to
Any connects out there in Staten Island?
Like half of the man in America. I wish I golfed more often.
well that what you get. Hahahaha (:
THX for following us!
! Over 40 nations registered, preparing now for the opening service. This is Asia's time!
"I was a cold dude im gettin back to my ways"
completely agree!
Checking out twitter on the iPad. WOW!!! I'm sold.
followed c:
Your dad said your mom looks Chinese with his hat on. Ha!
You Home Yet ?
Hear that america? Go mitt go.. Go mitt go.. Get the fuck out of politics fucktard
I'm gonna be tweeting a lot of 's lyrics. They're just too catchy.
they still make zima? I thought they were in the beverage museum with crystal pepsi and carnation instant breakfast.
I don't envy the Comcast rep who has to deal with this situation. RT: comcast u got me waiting for long ass time
Spending $ buying tattoos doesnt make u a bad ass or tuff, and an ugly nerd on steroids is just a bigger ugly nerd. Quit the front. It's sad
ah love her so much. And my fave song Lucky is on that album!
My friend want me to come Texas
I was curious to find out where most of the items around the house were made. Is anything made in Japan anymore?
Here it goes again... Lol.
You need to get on this twitter with me kingpin.
Am guest at Lakers game...great seats! Excitment at Staples Cntr. I want Odom's shoes.
I think Sulu needs his own Apprentice spin-off.
Congratulations egypt!
No :( I'll be in Portland that weekend.
If any of my Nashville friends want to come see #JBandtheMoonshineBand #JesseLee or #ChanceAnderson @ Hard Rock on Thur. LMK! I will add you
Timeout called by Bama.
It could be worse... you could have Rasheed Wallace... wait...
Who never ate his bread in sorrow, Who never spent the darksome hours Weeping, and watching for the morrow,-- He knows ye not, y
#nationalcoffeeday let's celebrate with a cup of coffee. lots of #weddings and #events in #Southflorida this week
I HATE how someone will show back up in my life for a day or two, and then leave with no warning for about three weeks.
#wordoftheday Picaresque (adj) of or relating to rogues or rascals. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
see and I think he can too but I don't ever see him being an average shooter, what sets Paul apart from every guard is
Setting my alarm for 10am tomorrow for the first time in ages. CAN'T WAIT. Also going to do everything in my power to stay in bed that long!
thanks! She's a good baby :). So sweet.
#ImThatPersonWho aint even part of the beef and still swing on the FIRST nigga i dont like
doin a puzzle, woo :D
thanks Eric .. So excited to explore .. Maybe u can visit us sometime 8-)
Yes, this is a little late in asking - but do you know what's up with direct messages not showing in ?
Lesser Known Dog Breed:The Catahoula Leopard Dog, also called Catahoula Cur or Catahoula Hound, is not a hound but a "cur" or mixed-breed.
I wanted to go to the mall <3
I guess this is a bad day for everyone
Clickbank Tips - Making Money on Clickbank
Cause I know she can't love you right, quite like I can.
There are thousands of "accents" around the world, but Hyundai's Accent is the smoothest, sharpest, and sexiest of them all.
jnock and myself fishing on the bayou in Houma. Seen 3 gators already!
Mm lightning ;)
Put technology in the hands of faculty.
Indeed it is!
ah. Dont listen to them they probably retarted or sum .. :D
Maybe this weekend.
Your worth is what what others see in you. Your value is what you see in yourself.
Rehearsing so funny episode on set! Can`t wait to go in New York this afternoon!
Nope! I have you do it for me! RT : How many of you guys pad your resume?
I hate hearing "Congratulations you won!" when going on a website. It totally ruins the song I'm listening to.
It was amazing! So glad we had a chance to reconnect.
aww. I love Disney World. It's great that my Dad works there =)
yes. so much more complicated.
LMAO. That jacket is terrible. TERRIBLE.
: Congrats on going 1 and 1 with
Looking forward, backwards & sideways to your tweets. :) RT : Taking over twitter feed. Behind the scenes, in front...
we blended jade's placenta into a smoothie and dehydrated some into pills!
Closed tonight for maintenance, hoodie alignment seminar.
taking a break from cleaning client files to enjoy this gorgeous autumn day and get some inspiration at Restoration Hardware
RT : Cool read on disruption in retail. " The Decade of Online to Offline #Retail Disruption...
We really did it this time
Why am I just now LOVING A Day To Remember?!
focus on our music that all we know ask our NATION HEARTBREAK HIPPIES
at the D7 City Council Forum. Mat Kostrinsky only one reading from notes. #SDCCD7 #politics #sdcouncil #
have you tried thinking about frustrated that makes you? Maybe that makes you cry: not being able to do it. (:
Did u know that 80% of all health care costs are driven by 20 percent of employees?
Not a fan of the 2 unfunny older nerd improv troupe actors in the Sonic commercials
And it does take a manly, manly man to hit a toddler for being "limp-wristed."
well hello, micth daniels better not run for prez. he just likes to shake things up and go on his way
remember BK only played here 8
you're gonna have a great time at I'm guessing your seats are a little better than mine.
What up Kgoo?
well. im gonna start working out. wanna get rid of this flab. now. where to start? running? crunches? tomorrow i will find out!!!
You know you're in love when reality is finally better than your dreams-Dr.Suess
yes I jus read that they want u to reserve your ticket;)
Searching for a Staff #Accountant in #Clearwater send resume to
nah, dude, I was gonna load up on it, but not at this point.
Kim kardashian has more rings than Lebron James.
We'll be performing at tonights river of lights :)
very nice!
This might be my favorite game of the season so far.
God, Oh God
no problem, can't wait to see ya there :)
Hurray! Is it tomorrow?
Ooh, you've got the best of my love.
#socialmedia is boring, let's find ways to interact and effect the physical world says .
need to stay focused for the FULL half in order to win this game... Or get the ball to
that nigga took his penis off
Weren't able to make it to #tedXatlanta? Join us for the next #cnndialogues in ATL in April. More info coming soon.Topic is
Live Twitterview with Fletcher Cox () begins now. Bring the questions.
I've got 99 problems, but on the BRIGHT side....
Check our timeline, we had frequent updates, but Carroll won 1-0.
not like id leave when they do it tho, i stand over their shoulder to make sure they dont fuck my phone up lol
Thank you for such a great chat tonight!
Well ladies, it will be a learning experience! I do like Erin's portrait/landscape idea.
Happy Tuesday! Have a productive day!
Scope me out on Linkedin :-)
Change = transformation & revolution; not easy – get over it – embrace it - be the solution - not a wall.
#nfais12 new technology is CDF like PDF for computable documents publish on the web, download a free plug in
Change can either challenge or threaten us. Your beliefs pave your way to success or block you. ~Marsha Sinetar
Switch hitter.. Could probably groom that with either hand
hahaha thanks phil
"Tell'em" voice
how did you feel to be on the abdc stage ? (:
I know I am totally out of the loop, which makes me ... upset. But the end product will be excellent. No blogging, though, for a while :(
Rock the Red...Caps!
cabling the complete guide to network wiring
- the key is to save a bunch of notes so your desk looks like a damn mess
"i wasn't that drunk"
great looking forward to the event
That Sh*t Belongs to Me,!
Dawson's Creek on Nextflix streaming 5/20. Considering adding 1EP /wk to sunday TV. Can we do this nationwide?? Ladies?
Cant't really think of a sporting achievement that is more amazing.
Cut off my legs now. They are dead.
hate this
naw beer time and sports ctr
#teamfollowback u shud check ur follower and if 1 of them is me and u havent followed back..... u'll be losing a follower
Enough procrastination for one day :) Off to the studio!!
that's rough.
: Can I buy you drinks till you think I'm cute Does wine make you more interesting???
Lmao my moms got mad at me for eating the last of her samoas.. and YES I HAVE. That's the only way to eat them!!
Glad to see my old friend join Twitter. Doing some awesome wine making in the Sierra Foothills.
Heading to DQ with RJ!!! Gonna get my first blizzard in forever!!!!
"New York fans saying what they said to Lebron and treating Heat fans badly are totally classless. There's no room for that"
I havnt peed in the longest time !! :O
Obama calls GOP lawmakers “current members of the flat-earth society” for keeping oil co tax breaks, not investing in alternative energy.
your name was brought up actually. Great work deserves multiple returns! :)
but that's the point of the music genome project that pandora is built off of. Go with spotify.
RT : Someone give me $2 billion...you know I'm good for it :) ~ I got you! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0> (as long as it's not my own money lol) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
They should invent Glow in the Dark Condoms! That shit would be poppin'.
Tim Duncan is playing like the old Twin Towers days! One of my all time favorites.
But I'll admit that I was glad it was over.
sure, if someone asks me!
Girls go crazy about a sharp dressed man.
yeah I know...no doubt I'll hit you up tomorrow then. Party hard
First screening ever at and we're honored that it is Of Dolls & Murder!
New May specials!!
Funny how people like didn't make a big deal when President George Bush campaigned on the taxpayer's dime.
“: <3” you are the highlight of my night Phil!
. Can i plz ask u a question.?
On our way to the Terra Mysterium in Chicago event hope to see you there
My dad is in rome right now too!
I'm so tight right now, but all I can do is laugh at how upset my face looks. So up set if u breathed on me I would rip ur head off Lmao
you know,when you and your attitude can't please me,it just get your face off my way :)
or u can invite me nxt time & we can split it ;) RT : Finishing a 30-inch pizza just cuz you don't want to take home a doggy bag...
Do you have your own website outside of facebook or myspace? My biggest tip is to create your own website.
Happy St Pattys Day to my favorite Lepraucon.<3
At the game listening to the game
NP, horror movie?
Oh so my wallet was stolen?
burned 72 calories doing 5 minutes of "Sit-ups, vigorous"
even scooter giggled at that whopper. Go wreck something in NH, troll.
what the heck I do to you wiz .... I was arguing with China man
Photo shoot today! All swimwear! Wish me luck! What a beautiful day for it! :)
oh yeah, how much?
hold on. charging my phone that takes 20 minutes to turn on
Excited for "V" tonight, hope it lives up to the hype.
Getting treated like royalty at a country club couldn't be more
Yes i wake up dreaming from them niggas
10 minutes till I get to see for the 5th time, this is the most excited I've been yet
If a singer's song can make you cry, it definitely means he/she feels how you are feeling.
So sad the season for BGC is pretty much over. It was so good this time!!
Hoping you will be tweeting updates on condition of - Thanks in advance!
just helping about a deserving friend. Glad I could help.
Someone talk to me... k cool
lol you know i how i do!! Like a boss :)
Great food/service but the ''air freshener'' in the ladies' room is enough for a bulemic to get the job done.
True. Wish there were some correspondence or a diary that would shed some light on her personality, feelings, & opinions.
Worlds an IQ test, we all fail now and again. xoxo, MM
It is customary for Jamaicans to use Cerasee tea to wash all skin ailments and to cleanse the body....me granny swear by it
Eric Fehrnstrome Senior Advisor, Romney campaign, on Today TALKN about Bain, he constantly saying um, still TRYING to spin some good
My pleasure.I got the bag as well.It's fabulous!
I am so BORED.
I'm totally gonna teleport to you baybay.
marketing and growing brands is not just a job for us. Its a lifestyle and a passion
It's Child Abuse Prevention Month. Do something good for a child, and keep your eyes and ears wide open for anything fishy.
we will get your website to our staff who work w/ our Bigs/ Littles and let them know you are a potential resource. Thanks!
haha we were a part of those smokebreakers.. That was the worst show I've ever seen, well 1st 1/3rd of it Christthatwashorrible
first show in Savannah on January 20th. w/ at sentient bean
really hoping that my arrives today...since everyone else in DC got theirs yesterday!
Everyone needs to vote for !!
1. Running late a lot? Best increment to set your watch ahead by is 15 minutes! 1/4 the face of the watch
whoops. Get on that dude
thanks amigo!
It is going to be time for #DR and #Ecuador before you know it! E-mail for details on #missiontrips w/ #SPC!
is it summer yet?
Oh man, I love watching the tattoos getting done. That's the part I don't get!
: My money is on your grandmother! lol
Let me txt my mama
One of my social media dashboard posts had 666 views today. Sometimes dashboards can be eViL
Yep and my twin sister is but she doesnt get on twitter very often. :)
RT : Challenge from : We need YOU to get involved, Milwaukee creatives! Start now at www.creativityworksmke.com....
That bird is going psycho!!!
Nice! What library has Dunkin Donuts iced lattes?
If Pau Gasol ever get traded, I bet his bitch azz gone go somewhere else and BALL!!!
great! Working. Kinda boring but fun.
I think the number stays the same, so no. You could always start and follow us from that account.
you'll find out on Tuesday!
... You know most can't handle that.. No matter who that is...
Making our own sunshine behind the decks in the studio with my hunny :)
weird....just posted to your fb pae about it. Crazy psychic connection. Freaking me out
Working my night away and it sucks. Just want to go home and chill
I'm in the mood to write, really. Mind you, it's listing heavily towards the adult & fantasy aspect, i.e. probably medievalish.
Art is not a mirror held up to reality, but a hammer with which to shape it.
new york city follower right here RT : HEADING TO NEW YORK!!!!! Any NYC followers?!?!
WORST lip singer ever
S/o to the "WOLFPACK" graduates: David Miller, Adam Lee, and Mike Menard!! So happy for all you guys. You will truley be missed!
425MM of 850MM Facebook users are mobile
Best Day Ever !
: NO NOT YET?? Is one of the baby the biscuits bringing home the big bacon??
Great night? GREAT DAY
YoUDee is representing us again TONIGHT at the 2012 College Mascot National Championship. Good Luck and have fun YoUDee!
I am the of
I just want to dance all time with you .
dont quit when it gets tough..
That one drunk lady.. "are y'all laughing at me?"
I'm going to science and we are having a partyy!!(: hbuu?
Don't pick Jose because he's lazy! Pick me x':
Is it just me or does anyone else think it's funny to sext a guy at work knowing you're making his cock hard?
Getting stronger!!! Went from 3 pull ups to 5 sets of 20!! Next week will be 6 sets
NATIONWIDE BULK REO PACKAGES AVAILABLE WE SPECIALIZE IN SELLING BULK REO PACKAGES AND NON-PERFORMING NOTES.
no one ever made me feel like you did, and now i'm struggling to feel anything at all.
One great movie showing today aside from Mission Impossible is an Indian movie titled Rajanna with English subtitle.
gopher:// is my favorite node on the arpanet.
Philosophy is the single most interesting thing on this planet.
If I could sing like , I'd be set for life.
I want to marry Emma Watson.
Sorry to bother you, but I have sent 3 emails to Saurik asking for my Inififolders license to be transferred, no response. I need hlp
Yeah I remember this was your home. Sonoma pricey? Nah! ;-) I'm intrigued how different the markets are to each other.
My life in 5 seconds
Don't block your straw... SquE-Z!
Operation Malibu Ken needs to happen asap
OMG!!!! JUST MADE IT ONTO THIS THINGYMABOB....AND DNT EVEN KNW WAT TO DO....BUT GOIN TO BED...
Drivin to Indy tom. Listening for conference makeovers.
I went from an F in math to an A in math over night so be proud, now I need bf. :)
Like We Care haha
DOH! RIght, that.
Mayor: if the data shows that people are no longer coming to PSq because of the rates, they will change them
RT Last of the Spring Guides at Get them while you can. Summer edition coming soon.
good morning
suddenly summer <3 love this song :)
I didn't want to get up this morning but that AARON went 2 the NEast Easter Parade and WIles call me. I HATE to walk & talk to voters UGH!
Pres Obama: "In last 22 months, business have created more than 3 million jobs. Last year, they created the most jobs since 2005."
Little kindnesses & courtesies are so important. In relationships, the little things are the big things. -Stephen Covey
We raised over $5000 for the Canyon Rice Hope Scholarship!!!!
we had to do a natural disaster for Science, and i asked if we could do 9/11. Lol...
Testing API... please ignore, thanks.
mcdonald's hot fudge sundae with nuts. Unapologetic about how good it is.
it wouldn't b a prob if he knew thm if thy was actually helpn me n sum kinna way wit hym or actually calln on regular bases
It's light out. WHY
Haircut, bills, and grading papers...yep, my day in a nutshell.
Help us get to 1,000 followers so we can release some actual footage!
Huh ...#that's all I say during the mornings
my "short nap" ended up lasting 2.5 hours! Geesh! Now I feel all groggy and weird.
that bad? What are your main complaints?
I want to give a shout out to my lil Cuzin
Knights of Columbus this hurts to watch
I'd be happy to help teach them. :-)
New South Park!!
sure I'll come. Just to help out a bunny friend.
these kids make me sleepy lmao
I should tell him to get in line ;) no, jk, but seriously I'm a little creeped out *_*
I hope you go to southamerica i know many people there that love you and want to see you!!! i love you!!
love me
I need pop
I already miss you.
Shout out to the fellas who think they are prettier than females, well you know..... it's just weird! lol
Close the week up 190.5 units..now thats how you cap!
I love that feeling when my finger gets slammed in the door leaving for school..
November.. lets kick it off right!
whip it baby, whip it right.. whip it baby, work it all night
Custom shirts? No problem. Cheap and quick we offer results not delays.
you all think I'm not looking but I still am...
Wide awake!
Earth day is this weekend, so at this time we'd like to thank you for shopping with us. You're saving the planet one shirt & skirt at a time
playing with jekyll, octopress, & markdown - and loving every second of it
Cody's teen vogue shoot photos>
Ok I see you iPhone djing at quints
I defended Memphis all year long gave them a vote of confidence heading into the postseason but they can't close games
Your welcome. <3 Oh. I wish I can buy them... Will you go on concert?(:
Thank you so much for the follow!!! :D
she said take the condom off, he said what condom lmao
Cops for Labor marching at Capitol to calls of "Recall Walker."
well i guess that will keep me going through the movie(; haha where do u live?
When crossing the street, pay attention to the signs. You only have so much time. Same way with life. God gives signs. R U paying attention?
glad you got your twitter going.
Kevin Hart is a fool LMFAO!
My Tumblr is a very sad place, I'm too lazy to use it.
We've launched our new website! But it's not finished yet! Check in later for more improvements!
your awesome, I appreciate it! Need/Want me to bring you anything from the Bay, even though you'll be here Monday lol
eight hours in the studio! finally done. songs soon?
just hung insulation in our soon to be rehearsal space... now I can't breath.
Thrilled to see 50 people waiting for to open Sunday, even if they DID look like Night of the Living Dead.
that's awkward cuz the songs called nobody's perfect.....loll liv
Man I'm so confused.
Sunny days in November=
Finally beginning to 'get' the home grown - Shins.
Ever consider your location for an amazing new Poe film?
yeah.. #mademydaytoo GO!
So who wants to win a Free Dell Laptop on October 7th? Still looking for more entries. Respond to us on Facebook or Twitter to enter!!
": I hate auto correct" hell forking yeah
PRACTICE WHAT YOU PREACH!
it isn't even twelve yet. You walking into territory lol
hopefully we will become a part of history....August 4th we begin!
Can you lose weight on your diet and stay sexy at the same time?
I think Travelocity app uses your psstackview, pretty cool library
NEVER start a Twitcam with a strip tease and then LEAVE. Like really? Why would you do that to us?!
Play That Funky Music by Wild Cherry was the #1 song this day in 1976. White boy.
I am the reason instagram shouldn't exist
Lolol wow impressed you remembered that, and glad Dr. T could help out Mr. T like that. I'm GOOD! Just trying to be a grown up!
Looking for ways to #psych yourself up about that latest salary negotiation? Susan Johnston shares some tips at
“: u going up west penn”maybe ima try
SB 15, #coasset, reject on party lines. Disappointing, but big thanks to and all other advocates for hard work.
Jeronne Maymon sighting on Dayton Street.
omg! that face doesnt need any charm. pug mix? just give it anything it wants ;)
Another benefit of running: Studies indicate that running reduces the chances of contracting breast cancer!
Oliver Herring starts today, 5:00pm Windsor (in the ballroom/rotunda). BE THERE #FBfest (via )
JEEZ YOU MUST LIKE THAT PLACE! you've gone there like twice a week for the past month....
: how's the #SilentAuction going? I found it hard not to say "thank you" to the bus driver yesterday. Smiles just don't cut it!
I never cried or said my other niece was beautiful when she was born. I just am attached to this one a lot!!
Hurrendous decision making by #bucks in final minutes
Wish a happy one year anniversary with his lovely wife, my sister, Hannah ;-)
Feb 1st- 2112-a palindrome! Gotta love numbers!
Sunday - Tuesday
Oh boy.... This could get messy.
Following the interesting discussion on the Berkman Center's Digital Public Library of America planning listserv.
Marvels the Avengers... Tomorrow 11 o clock showing... Can't wait!!!!!! ^_^
if i have a gun i would kill a stupid girl who makes me mad
Hard Rock Cafe Orlando is slowly rolling out new chairs in their restaurant. Comfy.
I don't get females who claim they're so "country" but stay getting their acrylics put on every two weeks. Makes zero sense to me.
Attack life, it's going to kill you anyway.
omg, i was just giving thanks for all the work coming my way!
This some bullshit
2 words, pirate creeper
The Beach With My Sisters Was FUN !
I surely hope not. I just had a super burrito and I'm not feeling very nimble.
What's cooler than being cool? ICE COOOLLDDD
In what light will Sun-Times cast itself? - Chicago Tribune
Sometimes it's more of a smudge, staining your life.
who tryna get at me on tha phone wit some freestyles?! Lets see who can hang!! FWM if you think you can!!
yeah I guarantee half the kids won't have it it's fine
oi...shamrocking! just awkward, very awkward.
Harsh. People are idiotic.
iMod English & Spanish and Metro-Math English & Spanish now available on paperback....links coming soon.....
i've loved you your voice and your music for like ever and to see you getting the attention you deserve is amazing <3
Ron Washington's metroPCS commercial >.
Wow! Gorgeous day! Hope everyone's thriving!
Oh yeah, show tonight as in June 5th , in the city of Detroit. No reason you shouldn't be there, let's hang.
followed & thanks!
Drama depresses me.
watching Phineas and Ferb with my lil sister :D First Aid class today :)
Following me? That sounds like a great idea ^-^
at Denver.
bet I'm a hit u if I come thru
Feeling a lot better :)
Lol I love my mom :)
Well you are welcome anytime :D
my mom just called me a lazy asshole. hahahahahaha that's so true.
Wow. Dallas seems to be coming unglued and it's only the 1st qtr. Keep it up Thunder.
We Always Try To Feel Grown Up But Never Really Stopped At Being Kids
Happy Thanksgiving to all... don't forget we gather next Friday, 12/4 at on Adams/Dearborn at 8am!
. 21 days till boyfriend . Can't wait
The DJ just played "Mercedes Boy," flowed by "Let the Music Play." What am I supposed to so here?
RT Eric Cartman is the funniest kid on the planet.
i hate watching my mom cry. worst feeling ever </3
Sorry public, but we are closed for a private party tonight. We'll see most of you tomorrow.
It's not that I don't care about faith, it's that I don't have enough faith to care.
Ya actually! haha
Why does my mum always think I died when I don't answer my phone...smh
Fuck a friend
“Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.”
#ShowingLoveTo <<< make sure to follow!
God of Carnage by Yasmina Reza opens 8/18 Cell! Tickets online fusionabq.org. Through Sept 4th. Don't miss out!
Happy, happy Friday everyone! Do you have something fun planned for the weekend?
Thanks for the follow - nice to connect with you!
Off to play ice hockey, the early game tonight.
Goodnight twitter :)
I forgot how much I love a good pencil eraser
I can tell yall about a yung nigga changing his life and becoming a Blaze The Stage winner for (BET) I came from nothing but a dream.
One Nola man said before falcons game " I love watching Gone With The Wind over and over again just to watch Atlanta burn"
hot pitch: Parent trap 2- the twins have been separated for 10 years. This time they meet up again- in jail- they are cell mates.
Henrie of Mesquite on next year: We will pick up $$ next year, will restore items where we can.
In #Georgetown one voter told me she "certainly" wouldn't vote for VO. Torn b/t Shapiro & Biddle, she went for Shapiro
Anyways my moms gonna let me drive with her. So ima be a reckless bitch now lolbye
I especially like this point: "#Empower your employees to be ambassadors via #socialmedia" via
Bored , tired & weak ! But I Needa Work Out -__-
"Good Vibration" - Marky Mark. Good corny tune
We'll be showing Real Madrid vs AC Milan game. Ibra, Ronaldo, Ronaldinho, Mou... Excitement for sure! game starts at 11:45 am
Good night world. Busy day tomorrow.
(also I was a Lecturer at the Univ. of Edinburgh when I received the fellowship--not sure if that's what you were asking)
When is your app coming out???!
just like THE MARKETS, my churro lady paper is taking on a life of its own...
Cool black hair products from Organic Root. They were given to us at Layon Gray's Black Angels Over Tuskegee's Gala.
Hop off bro
whew you had me worried
Officially moving to Helsinki, Finland if our summer is anything like Dubai! (clue: oppressively hot!)
#ideas2action fenty: talks about the future of Georgetown - what will it do with online education?
He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything
my girl Jayna wanted me to tell you she's glad your still doing your thing ;)
Today is a day of new beginnings. You can't change the past, but you can always create a brand new future.
thanks for following!:) enjoy life!:)
Yea. We will have to iron out the details. Like where to 2 meet & such. Can't wait : )
I'm actually not tired though <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
RIP Miley<3 she got into a car accident and died instantly. Please pray for her family
Seeing the humane ratings on meat at makes me wonder what kind of ratings humans would get in
Snow in my boot...shoot.
I no after tonight God is definitely listening to mine and the rest of reverbs prayers. He was with Shelby the entire time and kept her ...
This has definitely been the best year of my life <3 :)
I love you and your singing...you should be on American Idol :)
I just saw this.. I was in the mountains in Arizona..! So unexpected..
How do people get these twitaward things? Or u just get tweet.. see a lot of random people voted for
My dads over heree at my house right now.. #Awkward !
technology has evolved. We used to imagine what can a computer do. We now just tell them to do it. Soon they'll imagine what they can do.
White people watch movies with their eyes, while black people watch movies with their eyes.
I miss you too...You need to just leave spain right now!
nowhere to be found!
Via Mobile
Tweeting something bc looks bored
I wanna do a collab with a rapper for a cover of "Don't Run Away" by Tyler James Williams ft. IM5!
...no Melo. RT : Carmelo: "I feel confident in our team and where we're headed. I consider our team to be top-3 in the East."
Let me find out hoes fucking for hamburgers
Can you stand to see her dancing in somebody else's arms? Do you think you'd go crazy every time you see her car.
I'd say yeah but I ain't got enough right now , & what you mean . Gotta be like that for ugly ?
that's much more accurate, G.
enjoy the movie baby
We look forward to it :) We have happy hour at 4 & the final special performance by du Soleil starts at 4:45
RT I don't believe anything, but I have many suspicions. [Robert Anton Wilson]
How were the bells?
it's going to be a rough one.
It's a third cup of coffee kind of day.
this is crazy what up dro
lol! That's a good question man, I have no idea
My short-term goal is to get into McDonough School of Business this Fall. My long-term goal is to make the world a better place. HOYA SAXA !
It's disgusting and offensive she would say a decorated veteran has no courage.
Francisco saves it, Santana's first win of the season!
Hope the #LTDArmy had a great weekend!
me n my friends asked some random dudes in the park if we could geta picture with them and they said sure! hahahah
I'm drunk... On cold mess! Go away you phelgmy mess!!!
I've been to four: 1990 (!), 2005, 2006, and 2012. Always had a fantastic time. Every North Am DW fan should go at least once.
You can say that again! This burger is more than a mouthful!! We've got some pro's at the "burn center" ;)
mom enough
RT : Shout out he is a awesome producer
its like being in a hotel with dial up.......20th century.......
goto bed u was supposed to b sleep a long time ago n u ain't text me back
Are you still the town drunk?
Finally a good commercial! Way to go VW!
Christmas in Nashville, on the way to Atlanta.
You're a wonderful host Alyse!
where u at
I love it;) and glad your all smiles that a good thing for sure love!!!! I'm so sleepy ttyl..have a god night<3
Hey sara,how are you 2day..u goin to be in the studio 2 day?
Man this chick just got up & her booty was crooked...i swear everybody tilted their head haha
Finished looking over a friend's short story. It was offensive, stereotypical, trite, and badly-written. How can I make my critique polite?
I miss that awesome place
Thanks for the retweet!
John Cena will constantly change color camouflage shorts on, something different would salute U.S. troops.
Sun! in the morning! for real!
If you think any of your followers might have travel or volunteering questions, RT and let them now we're here to answer for the next hour!
I like how at the beginning of the season Estrada argued he should be a starter, really making a case for himself
Sadly, the laughs for "Parks and Recreation" don't come until season 2.
R.i.P tupac
i'm great thanks :] hehe
i just need you to just admit that you are not the one for me !
You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job. ~ Laurence J. Peter
If you don't know much about history, biology, science books or the French you took, you should probably study up before saying you love me.
Education on the ALARA principle falls into four main categories: time, distance, shielding, and collimation (or containment).
Great win today #Mavs now bring on Miami
Individuals who hold these ranks usually focus on military and police instruction
RT“: I bet I know one way to reduce bullying. Don't let bullies decide when other people can marry or serve their country.”
I have been laying in this bed for 2 hrs and not a wink of sleep. I have to be at work at 5am I'm about to look so stupid
let me know what you think! Turns out that rhe original head producer is behind this.
i just went back and watched the end of the season presser talkin about sj13 #toofunny "naw guys hes not a criminal"
Nobody tweets anything funny on Friday, they're too happy. See y'all on Monday.
Son, Phillip, keyboardist with the Mansfield band, rocked the house in Boise, Idaho! Over 700 people. His first gig and had a GREAT time!
Cheryl Miller? Oh nah bruh gimme Lisa Salters
Former king?
Just saw this white guy with Dreads who was HOT!! #Random I know where you work!! :P
ah! Awesome!
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo always makes me feel better and makes me laugh :)
In the mood to play a tournament tonight? Come play tonight's 7 pm tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Sign up until 8:40 pm.
I'm hearing that Ashton Kutcher will play a young Jobs at the least. Haven't heard about Wyle, but you're right!
It was only a kiss......Now I'm falling asleep....I just can't look It's killing me...
well go to the doctor dude? D; Oh, ive wanting to tell you that your hair looks too damn cute!
Our #PersonalChef is leaving.. i feel the *weight dropping off* as we speak -_- hurry back.. im #Hungry already!!! lol
Life is something that happens when you can't get to sleep. - Fran Lebowitz
Thank you to everyone who made opening night a success!! If you missed out there are still plenty of more performances of God of Carnage!
knows how to write a pretty amusing grocery list
Deciding between the live show and the Bulls game tonight is causing major angst in the Agate office
Thanks for the follow. I like your blog. I have a similar sit. with an athletic back gr. Good material for future writing.
Thanks for making my RT a
Amazon has been urging me to install Quell on my Kindle. Today, I succumbed. I am doomed.
I hope the squirrel runs into the basement because I will kill that mo fo
Tonight was a blast with and band! :) Great interviews went down! I even enjoyed seeing ! :)
Today is Labor Day in Mexico. To all Mexicans working here in the U.S. today: ¡Feliz día del trabajo!
i use the echofon app on my phone. I just haven't used the web site in a long time
ginger orange tofu?
Home Sweet Home! There's No Place Like Home...and THERE'S NO PLACE LIKE DALLAS!!!!
Android >>>>>> Apple
if 5 people RT that tweet we will :)
#dailyfeedback Send us your favorite songs from this year's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductees. Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm.
#nw Laugh At My Pain
are you mad that there are a lot of posers acting to be u and getting your credit?
Why did the Seahawks pass up Melvin Ingram?
I wanna shine so bright with the love of Christ, that even the DARKEST of souls wants in on it...
Both RSA and ElGamal encryption have known attacks that are much faster than the brute-force approach
You are the best! Thanks so much for the RT! How are you?
If he was my brother I would def fuck him anyway
“I was homeless, but I wasn’t hopeless. I knew a better day was coming.” Chris Gardner
does one do these things?
I can barely fit into my business clothes now.. this is not good.
#Kansas University Coach Bill Self now at Green Valley School in Las Vegas watching future Jayhawk Brannen Green
I am always happy with #Epson, if you end up buying one.
You're now sitting down a few rows back yes?
First day at the new job.
I'm in twitter and I want to share this tweet specifically to Linkedin without opening the hoots.
Thanks for the follow!
Watching teen mom,damn they have a lot of problems
"Not all those who wander are lost." J.R Tolkien -C
Cotto shutting down
you like that song? youre amazing.
Right. All the way from his shoulder to his junk. I don't believe that for a second.
Mby someday..(: I hope that you'll meet him! <333 ;*
Check out our latest blog! Our radio show airs tonight at 10pm, come down to the event at the All Asia in Cambridge 2nite from 7p-12a
Looking forward to talking about credit card debt on the at 7 tonight
What i need is a new desk.
Shoutout to :D RT : can I have a shout out please? I need followers.
RT if your single
RT : Prez Clinton "If we had as much oil as we have wind & solar in the middle of this country wouldn't we do everything to...
nope, just thought that it was a very interesting statistic.
Leaders if the same people you help,try to hurt you don't go crazy over it. Its what happened 2 Jesus. People will reap what they sow. Pray
touché coop. But this is like real people on TLC
Free Agent tonightt! Sorry !
I really like that how she sets it up. Warm up, 3 min strength, 2 cardio, 1 and. She has 3 different sets And then cool down
bout to head out on the town wit , Brianna, Danielle, & for some great times! I love it!
You only live once, but if you work it right, once is enough. ~
she is my favorite disney princess (= ariel is
Good year for you, sad year for me. But I'm here and doing well.
Thanks for the support!
Had to run 18 laps (3 miles) and a few gassers(spell check). I feel bad for the people that had cardio too. did you have fun?
Started writing! Two songs somewhat done but so many more are on the way.
Shooting additional scenes for action film Wild Horses later today! Then we go into post! We'll be ready for Sundance deadline Sept 2.
I am a bit lost, but I am entertained
okay, well im here if you need me
You did that on purpose..!!
All i know is it's October 5th. if i had to guess a year it would be 1988 or 89. Chris' is March 15th 1991.
Jeff Goldblum would totally play Marc Smith in a movie where open data saves the world from an ancient, alien threat.
I hate it when my mom tells me I look just like my sister D:
The more you date, the more restrictive criteria you have. -RP
Happy Birthday Wishing you an amazing birthday my sweet cousin. Love you lots.
he got booed everytime he touched the ball in chicago. which was alot
Glad to hear that, Paul. When my girlfriend ran off with Reverend Longwood, Iturned to Drink, Janice Drink to be exact.
Ugh my tatt needs a touch up.
HEY if I said I like your face will you ship me and phil
Figuring machine intelligence as human and then fearing its dominance echoes racialized colonial encounters.
Met with the author of our newest manuscript & everything is coming together! We are very excited about our pain and stress management book.
Much like The Hangover and SuperBad, the way people are building up The Avengers, I'm afraid to go see it. Expectations are too high.
Come on Brewers win this game so I can go to bed.
Literally working all week, I'm gonna die, until I get paid!
A-Town Veteran by the #author #ColeHart is taking in some great reviews on #Amazon. Check it out today and leave your review.
What a pass by rondo
None of us saw W winning and he wound up President anyway. A lot of people sat that 1 out. Close elections are easy to steal.
you can do it!
I feel like that's all I get!
Btw, "You're A Star" has been my ringer/alarm for the longest! Never gets old to me! (^_^)
ok it's on ! May the odds forever be in your favor!
Why do 5 am bars exist...?
a belated thx for #EDU11 hotel info. Can't believe how quickly they filled up. I'm set and looking forward to the conference!
THIS TWEET! 'Well until you find "the one" just remember your Jetsetters are your 4 letter words for life'.<U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Anger repressed can poison a relationship as surely as the cruelest words
You'll look great either way, Red, but I'd say curly
Even closest of friends can be transformed into the worst of enemies
just got a job at a nursery in reigate :) how are you all? I bet Jayden has got massive!! X
Looking forward to reading your Presidential Rhetoric essay as you combines 3 disciplinary approaches.
Staying on the Positive side!:)
Everybody is traveling today!! I want to go somewhere!!
I know I hit you back lol
Only in Southport does a dude come in with a revolver on his belt
Wish we could have made it to #RECON. Let us know what you learned, we would love to hear from you.
maybe instead of "follow friday" we all should have show your tattoo day? Lol
Best Makeup. The Iron Lady. But can't anyone look like Maggie Thatcher? Isn't Valdemort more of a stretch?
hey.. Sent you and email. Bounced back though.
I wonder can I dl Soulja Boy instrumental mixtape
Shut it! LOL
on another note, is there a plan forming for M&W skiing? sign me up!
When I swerve for like 2 seconds people must think I'm drunk <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
never heard of that one, I will have to look into that one also ;)
Anybody know the best spot to watch the airplanes come into Mitchell Int'l? I'm trying to film something for a documentary project.
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog.s
"Health of body and mind is a great blessing, if we can bear it." John Henry Cardinal Newman
A possible conclusion – The real influencers on Twitter don't have audiences yet that match their value
Connecticut Governor Malloy made state 5th in 5 years to abolish death penalty We photographed 3 men on death row in 1990s One was executed
Haha Thank you Ben! :D
ohh my god my teeth hurt so bad its making my jaw hurt. fuck wisdom teeth
Thanks ! How's business in Houston?
150 miles to go!
I figured you were like me and already had them. ;) don't forget it is someones B-day
dope man! which track you using?
-got a new tongue ring :))
I had the same dream last week.
the BB is a bass preamp
Today is the first day of school for many school districts. News stations will be looking for interesting ways to cover this event.
Thanks for the follow Inn of Sedona Hotel (innofsedona)! :)
OFF TO SCHOOL THANK GOODNESS ITS FRIDAY
Attiki Bar & Grill on Decatur. Open for lunch and #Vegan friendly
#NexgenXT now with domain administration allows security administrators to delegate key control to sub administrators at different divisions
I was just reading in the paper about Courtney Love freaking out and running for the exits there.
Green tip #4: Green your office: print double-sided, turn off monitors and computers when possible, start an office recycling program.
Thank you captain! Toews scores - game 6 back home Monday night
What really bugs me is that one eye is ever so slightly higher on his face than the other.
Welcome :) I will check it out! Can you please follow us back =)
were the martinis #gluetinfree ?
Let's go X!
The sensation of falling can be an exciting and scary thing. Picking yourself up after is truly the best though
If comes to visit in June doe..
That camera shutter sound after every pitch picked up on TV broadcast is extremely annoying. Any way to stop it?
And the marauders respond with a powerplay goal for themselves. Rocky Coviello ties the game up at 1 a piece!
Jay Lano Is Working On A New Track With Mr. Young Sophisticated Himself, Yung Neck, So Look Out For That Track...Coming Soon!!!
So excited for you guys! I'm sure you're going to have a great time! Make sure you ride the NY, NY rollercoaster!
let me sum it up for you. UK fans =80% of the state. UL fans 15%, transplants rooting for UL 5%. The city of Lou is 55% BLUE.
check out my new website www.flawlessmoneygang.com free ringtones and we have beats for sell 55
hey I'm I huge fan of yours. I love what you've done with RoadID. It would mean so much if I could get a follow back.
I will be collecting today ! Them Giants jus got me some quick come up money
lmbo blackie...What's been going on
I love how all these people complain about officiating. Keep making cheap excuses bc your team is losing.
Ok nevermind. Boo. RT : ignore that tweet.
the availability of good toys are essential for that natural process of discovery to thrive– and this results in healthy, happy children!
What Atlanta concerts and which free arts events are you looking forward to this summer?
Imma thoroughly enjoy this day off
Our fonts are actually in the form of PNG images - ideal for powerful graphics for advertising campaigns, events, websites, and more.
not this year. Going big or going home ;) I'll let u free roll 1% though for the interest haha
RT : Big thanks to for his comments today. He is truly "My President!"
Aye, Captain! There be email here!
Rawlings: public view of higher education's purpose is utilitarian, focused only on getting jobs
Got it! We'll suggest that date to our friends, you'd like them they have a daughter D's age.
same breath of players like Jordan, Kobe and other players of that stature that people try to put him in
I have now had enough coffee to create my Excel formulas to figure grades. Holy shit! I'm in a tunnel...and I see a light!
I was hoping you'd say that
If I give you my bracelet that I played with every game than you #YouMeanSomething <3
Wait, it doesn't? RT : WHAT IF EVERYTHING HAD A GENDER....
sorry but I would say he's only been effective in spurts. College far different deal than NFL
Join USTA Colorado for a Juneteenth celebration at the Blair Caldwell Library. Check out the new KidsZone tennis experience, 10am-6pm.
Walking into HEB & man rolls down his window, "You are beautiful. I love you." Def. more endearing than "hey! blue shirt! what? can't talk?"
VOICEMAIL RT And what happen ? RT : I TRIED HITTIN YOU UP BRUH
See Pedro Almodóvar's film"The Skin I Live In"- I saw it last night w Elena Anaya and Antonio Banderas, GREAT movie!
Migrated #WordPress blog to own servers over weekend. Strangely getting 10x more traffic than usual at our .com site. Any ideas what's up?
Check out my new blog..."Work at Home...or not?!" Some people get it and some don'! www.thehome-office.com Helene I CAN DO THIS IN 2011!
''Ari-amazing'' great word by <U+2665> :)
the may concert includes Los Rakas and more, so I think it's still worth it. Then we can be all cool comparing/critiquing shows.
2010 is a year of immense opportunity! Bring on the positive vibes! :-)
well I love it.
Are we talking about social media or sadomasochism or slave/master stuff? And, no. I'm not an expert, or a novice. ;)
IK!(: #teamdelena there amazing!(: Cutest couple EVER!(;
oh god. Are you with my wife and ??
Security: "Are you media?" Me (with all my gear): "What do you think?" Security "I don't think"
Feels good to have my face on flyers in magazines my name on tickets & be on tv I've made a name myself
At 92, is any surgery really minor?
Rocking the CT for less than 6 Hours and already on a adventure
RT : Going to #RSAC? Come see Pindrop Security at the Innovation Sandbox on Monday. Top 10 Most Innovative company at RSA
In all this years #oscars was pretty good. #vanityfairparty starts now.
Working on a flow chart for my Operations Management class. I love Visio! It's my favorite new tool.
C'mon Flyers, play smart here.
Spent a good five minutes picking my nose this morning so HAHA fuck you Mom! I'm sad
interesting.. Just wondering. My cousins in Madison say drinking fountain so I was just curious.
Don't stop get it get it
before and she told me to get a hotel room down the street lmao
"Do not confuse motion and progress. A rocking horse keeps moving but does not make any progress." - Alfred A. Montapert
The question that sometimes makes me hazy is am I or the others crazy - Albert Einstein
fair enough :)
glad I could hep, was very frustrating to see my Mac crashing at least once a day
Alicia Keys joining Jay-Z on stage!! RT : We'd love to hear - what was your favorite moment from tonight?
Any journalist who can read the comment section under their story is a braver soul than YoungAde.Racism is a bitch,I tell ya.Esp. on the WWW
I just had to explain to a friend that travolta isn't a gay icon who made his big debut in the film "Hair."
You know you're getting old when four people on your Facebook list get engaged in a matter of two weeks. Holy crap.
Q;Wen u get bak my way can i smash ? A; Yea Yourr All Mine.
Thanks! Can't wait to see what cover art images the Colby folks will come up with. #vocoder #googletranslate #sonic fun
Hope not! MT Perhaps overshadowed, hope watching BofS hearing re:fate of CPGs
Really? I had NO CLUE what it was. I miss the days when Google was just a search engine lol!
the coupon code is PreLent. If you enter it into the box for it after adding your info, it will show the discount on all.
I am now hungry!
Come on...this is Dallas Texas!! Snow if you dare but I won't care because I'll be at Skintastic Medical looking HOT for Valentines Day..
QoTD: "The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender." (Pat Summitt)
First bike to work of year.
im following. sorry about the late response (:
Are you actually on Kik messenger or is this person a fake like I suspect?
It's Thirsty Thursday! I think I need a long island
i do big things
according to my horoscope today to ignore anything work related and enjoy time with friends and family
Fake ass bitches these days...
What's your favorite cocktail w/ us? RT My beloved bitters have their own Twitter handle! Sweet! I mean.bitter!
Starting the day with a workout at Aria fitness center. Healthy body and healthy mind is success.
#SlightlyStoopid playing in the background of
Contrary to popular belief, taking your shirt off does not improve your shooting form on the basketball court.
yes after the game
Night;* tests tomorrow, blah -____- :p
Its Brendon's turn to drive now .... I'm so tired :/
I seem to have brought my Honda Element home, they're everywhere!
The support aint the same !
Tuesday get 2wings for .99 all day!
Agree completely. This is frustrating...
check out them cowboys! Heeehaaw!
Under the boardwalk!!!
Lolol wondered why there's a mass amount of hillbillies outside of Newport
Drafting McAdoo RT I'm pretty sure that was greatest moment in Clippers history. Almost by default, but still
Are you hiring eLearning vendors to develop training? Don't forget to ask for source files! You'll need them to make future edits.
what the hell is a day star?
Sorry to hear that. Stay strong.
I almost forgot about this Twitter thing. Ok. I'll give it another shot.
Dont give a fuck about the media, they always on me
"If I lay here.If I just lay here..Would you lay with me and just forget the world? forget what we're told, Before we get too old."
u said you were fasting on JUICE just a lil humor
Hey Buddy I know UR prob 4 the 49ers But I can't help think Eli wants to put a manning in Lucus stadium Its a Fam thing
Miami taking this L tonight? most definitely.
please follow me)x
If things seem under control, you’re just not going fast enough
Day 2 of Network Archaeology conference: Liam Young on the archaeology of lists! Very cool paper.
love pandas
isn't he amazing!? and yea I do too!! <3
RT : Don't be a wimp - acupuncture doesn't hurt when it's done right. It treats migraines, fertility, stress, injuries,......
True colors definetly come out in the end.
Happy Birthday. Dance the night away.
finally listened to album from front to back.
I'm thankful that all these "Super Moon" headlines have nothing to do with a pantsless Rich Garces.
They are just jealous of our youthfulness!
paint them purple.
I will find you!!!!
Matthew quirk to sign copies of THE 500 at booth 1311!!
my Sandless sandbags will absorb and contain in excess of 4 gallons of water per bag. Use for water leaks in high rise buildings
tweet more
I hope so. Will say hi if I recognize you. (I don't wear those sunglasses indoors much.)
#FF to our amazing celebrity stylists!!
cool dude doing loser things
Sorry, that monumentally blows. Move to VA. At least it's not PEPCO...
The last thing Satan wants is peace & unity in the world, so of course he's going to attack anyone advocating it. Guard your heart. Eph 6:12
The weather is amazing!! <3
Nolan Smith told me he's still experiencing symptoms from ear infection (headaches) but will be in uniform and available tonight vs. Minn.
RT : Spring Football Game NOW scheduled for this Saturday March 17th @ 1PM on the turf field! Alumni game at noon.
You mean besides the awesome #sacpubcrawl?! “: Whats happening in #Sacramento on St. Patrick's Day? Havent seen much info!
We accelerate #entrepreneurs solving the world's energy problems. Who’s your favorite entrepreneur that's made an impact?
who wouldn't be, I'm just ecstatic!
Four games on tonight: ORL/IND & PHI/CHI on NBATV while BOS/ATL and LAL/DEN get the star treatment on TNT
Have been MIA for the past couple days...there is nothing like a moving across the country to-do-list...
Serene Branson you are epically fucked. Or as you would say your birtation is heavy.
heyheyhey!! Calm that down alright??
Girl walkin' barefoot DT #Seattle! Freezing!
Lemon lovers <3 RT a big thank you to 's fabulous blog for keeping me occupied during classes!
Woo gotta love claires! Got a new wallet and cody bracelets today! I buy myself good presents :)
Can't wait!! Message sent!
"Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around." ~ Henry David Thoreau
My very first mp3 album I bought of course had to be . I hardly even watch cats on youtube anymore - he's all that and a pretzel
Last warm weather special of the year!!! 18lb bag of Kingsford Charcoal FREE with a $40.00 purchase. #BuyLocal Good through the weekend.
I did. 3 hours ago :( hope I can squeeze in a nap today. I hate to see what my eyes look like right now.
shanny is welcome to join tomorrow of course
hey Zayn!! Finally, a tweet ;)
Thanksgiving done.....Now onto the Christmas Season !
The Manhattan cocktail (whiskey and sweet vermouth) was invented by Winston Churchill's mother
Finding Art Education friends in Texas...and getting ready for #concept art and #photoshop workshops next week!
RT I'm telling you, this whole gay marriage thing started with the Olympics and synchronized Same-Sex Diving!
I agree that it dragged but it left me thinking afterwards (except for the contrived epilogue)
But I heard its a new trend
Dang, is gonna be in the 4th round before the night ends...geez
Big Time Shout Out to my Bestie Love ya girl
This is parental abuse
I stayed at my sisters house last night so I got out of the lope of things. That doesn't help.
We are very excited it is almost the weekend. Any fun weekend plans?
If you're out in public and fart, look at the ground like it mad that sound! (I don't care if you're on a concrete sidewalk)
My Body is My Temple and you all know how i feel about Religion.
so I read your going faceless
Report a pothole to Philadelphia via Twitter and see what can happen.
#YoMommaSoFat She has her own gravitational pull.... :-v
ask for money (x
Character is not made in a crisis it is only exhibited. -Robert Freeman
#nehvectors Scalar's feature of annotating time-based media will make it possible to annotate animated maps.
Godspeed astros! Safe travels, much discovery, and happy birthday !
IM GONNA KILL YOU HOW UR GONNA MAKE ME MEMORIZE IT THEN SAY WE'RE NOT DOING IT shame
I know I fuck up.. and for that I'm not sorry but.. apllying it to be better..
Chicago Cubs won 6-1 the Sox 4-1 Fire beat Toronto FC 3-2 LETS GO BULLS AND BLACKHAWKS and have a proper win sweep of Chicago's pro teams
Q: is it ok to eat cheap corn chips? A: sticks with French fries...dipped in
“: Checked in @ Comerica Park for the #tigers vs #royals game” Let me know if you like the Cabrera banner!
#hth2012 Great discussion on use of Flickr for archives. Need to think about issue beyond numbers - if you're not paying, you're the product
Love my warmups so much that i'm rocking them today :) traffic cone yellow :D
she is a stupid whore
is perfect in every way!! He's tall, gorgeous, a ginger, amazing voice, inspirational song writer, funny, & he lives in FL :)
AP Psych? Awesome. Here's hoping we help you stickK to your study plan.
I got my VHS player to work. Star Wars marathon begins after dinner.
Do you have any raisins? No? How about a date?
Can't sleep, way too psyched about #ro12 and
could the matter falling into black holes be being converted into dark energy? Thereby not violating the law of conservation?
Thanks from #WritingEditing for the listing /adventurers-of-life !
Cordy Glenn starts at left tackle day one. If they reached for Gilmore, Glenn was gift wrapped. We see in 3 years.
my sister and I will see you in Seattle. We'll be the 2 Canucks in shirts that say We crossed the border for Nick Waterhouse
It's just sad to hear junior seaus mother talk. My heart goes out to her as I listen to her talk
Almost 4:30 and still awake.
Finally read Hitchens' last piece in the Jan issue. Very telling of his pains, and extraordinarily run-of-the-mill Christopher.
2 days , until my birthday !
Laboring on Labor Day.
It's been said if the Iroquois Nation had 50 more years before European settlers arrived, North America would be much different. Deluge
If you're in West LA... RT : Heading to Kings Head later for the Manchester Derby with Feel free to join!
I love when catches my "that's what she said" moments <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
After a Tony Duquette week I could use a Mies van der Rohe weekend
Today's food bank win: 23.5 oz agave syrup & 12-year Celtic Cheddar
I'm losing weight everywhere but, My damn stomach ... And I do crunches everyday! WTF is going on??? *Rarely Drink Beer*
Lloyd should be a NASCAR driver. he turned left well.
RT : You had me at Zero #fedvalentines //sad but true that we can all understand what this even means
Vote in the final round for UGbC President and Vice-President AND for the Senators who represent your class in UGBC Senate!!!!
The early bird catches her flight on time.
I have no idea!! So I'm not gonna be a part of it. They just need to leave alone and let him do what he wants
ok! just working on some homework now, i'll be on at 6 =)
This is good to hear! RT : OTA Jobs Survey: US #organic industry created #jobs at 21% higher than conventional industry.
As we rise, we rise together as one! Lets all take a stand against bullying & make a difference in this world!
let me know if you need a mix for that new record!
I'll be dancing tonight with !!!
Nike, we are excited to partner with you!
I am so sick of people tweeting the "lyrics" to that stupid Ass song. Seeing ASS ASS ASS all over my TL is so old and annoying now.
I wished for a cute guy to call me. My brother called. I need to be more specific next time...
yum...i think i'm addicted to egg rolls.
me too im on a superman diet
Im going for the Giants! What team are you going for ?!
Rachel Bilson Flawless in a wedding dress #HartOfDixie LOVE THAT WOMAN
Ok I gotta get a few hours of sleep at least.
#POTUS RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS FOR LAST 4 YEARS
So freaking hot.. And no one stayed after school today
Searching for PLANT MNGR from CPG (food, pharm, non-food) in multi-location Fortune 500 CO #hiring #plantmanager send resume
Takin my favorite godson to the zoo today :) so excited for him!!!
Good morning Miami...how have the last 2 days of FCAT been?
~ Good morning! Cotton candy and bubble gum!!
RT : LA Times reporting Dodgers buyers had preliminary talks w/ NFL about possible NFL stadium in Chavez Ravine before buying.
Well done to #wokingfc today. 3.0 win and six points clear at top of table. Great firework display tonight as well!
I spent 20 minutes wandering through campus surplus . . . and I now know where filing cabinets go to die.
I would do anything to have an unlimited supply of caramel brûlée lattes today
Lakers are done, Celtics will beat 6ers, heat sweep Indiana, then the heat beat the celtics and we beat Okc in the finals.
TY for the RT. Have a great week.
It's time for 's annual Mother's Day photoshoot: 11am - 1pm, Wilson Commons TODAY. Come tell your mom you <U+2665> her!
But we can have Drums and cowbells? :o)
Website.Previews.Promotion video coming soon
In the case of a tie, the man wins, and the lady is thrown in jail
haters just need to back the fuck off and leave you and your personal life alone.
San Diego, California Weather :: 63F PARTLY CLOUDY: 63F PARTLY CLOUDY
of course
I already hv 5 k and 100 pending request
on the other, libraries are differentiating themselves from each other. We need to come together on a cohesive brand.
I'm going to curl my hair and grown my noes to become a jew
chains and whips excite me loll
Flying visit to Bristol. Lovely countryside on the trip up but a very misty start.
Headed out to the game today.
Great news! I was bummed to see Chicago filled. Will have to sign up!
How to prepare a vitamin C serumSkinCaredocom - vitamins serum
Red Room: Broad Ripple => DJ Papa Paulie Dance music. Doors open at 6 p.m. Food served until 10 p.m. - 3 a.m.
So glad to be going to bed
Congratulations to you Edward on your nomination!
Ha...He must not know what a samosa looks like!
Invention is the mother of necessity, not only due to attendant and emergent technologies, but also made possible by manufactured necessity.
Search for Rosehaven Production on FB and become a fan. Behind the Scene Pics from my upcoming movie, 'Fair Play' online now!
have fun in Missouri ! xoxo (:
what if I give you a dime?
Seagull Orchestra.
Lets hope Big Show chockslammes Big Johnny off the ledge just like he did to KUrt Angle back in 2004. #raw <OVER THE LIMIT12>
Bout to throw down on this Sharks Cat Fish dinner!!!! Mmmmhmmmm thanks Dawn!!!
gotta go to DC to meet with client. Please traffic be nice to me!
i swear people be havin the dumbest tattoos like why would you put a hot sauce bottle on yur neck
Only the fearless, will do great.
Hey I suggest you read the original tweet.
thank you! it has the initials of both my girls ;)
please dont be freaked out by seattle right now :/
I wish it worked that way, but it never does. At our house Mommy & Daddy trade off kid duty and resting.
It's in your hands. If you want to be with me, I'm right here.
Twitter is changing the way the world communicates.
Excited for the announcement of the first Awesome Tampa Bay grant recipient tonight at The Roosevelt!
hahahaha Obama's taking this country off a cliff and you're too blind to see it. Good job!
s/0 to all the sexy women that wear glasses
Already got the 3 RTs!!! But if you still want to RT and vote for Tony, please do! Out of the goodness of your heart? =) =)
Y U NO FOLLOW/REPLY/DM ME? Lol my question (;
Holy Shit Michigan made a field goal!
Mosquitos refuse to bite me out of respect
Thanks to our customers and our followers for being awesome! Wishing everyone a tremendous #Thanksgiving, safe travels, and tasty turkey!!!
My phone is fucked man. Lol
I posted a pic of Alex Gordon for you. You are welcome to use it.
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it Buddha
Windburn is not fun.
i thought you were afraid of animals?
in your 1000th Follower, think that means drinks on you or something???
do the need confidence or comfort/security
How can u NOT love the Astros throwback uniforms. They scream baseball!!
Wish I could, but gonna be on the freelancer hampster wheel this weekend ;)
Eve tho I'm like pissed off...its gone be a chill day
I want to meet people who don't care about your past. People who don't care about who you were in the past but care about who you are now.
me to
RT : #FF - awesome people who make a diffrnce & care for
What to wear to Class Day. I'm giving out prizes for GWS and - randomly - a future teacher's award. I need a big Spanish fan or something.
excited to be coming home for 3 weeks, but really sad to be gone from you for 3 weeks!
i'm tired ! Lol I meant like not now ):
#newspaces4learning I'm here!
Naw, his name was Patrice Oneal (the one who died) I dont know what 40 percent's name is. He's funny though.
Hi sarah lol
Canadian David Boily will take KOM today@ Amgen Tour of California, sharing #Weightofanation with Maglia Rosa wearer
California ranked last in Chief Executive Magazines list of states best for business~ Does it surprise anyone that the state is broke?
First game on new Bodog and without thinking I start singing the Cheers theme song: "You wanna be where everybody knows your name...."
Your new life may cost you your old one.
Landed at Dulles. What a packed 10 days!!! Kids fought well, I fought flies, camels, snorkeling in the red sea, erc. Thanks Lord for grace!
I just bought a used book on Amazon Prime for $3. That is half the price of the Sunday NYTimes where I live. Crazy.
aw man good thing I didnt ask the guy to take a pic!
World Cup Update: Just under the 65 minute mark in both games and USA vs Algeria is tied 0-0 and England is leading Slovenia 1-0
Hey Steve, congrats on your journey. :-) Did you find me via Team Beachbody? Are you a coach too?
The remote when you're on the couch and it's by the tv? :-(
Oh, great. Now is giving an acceptance speech in the living room ... !
dude, you have no idea...I'm good for at least a year.
ewwww. I #hated econ. hated it so much!! and what?! thats crazy.. for the #same class?!
Birthday tomorrow = some form of cake and day off from work! Age...somewhere after 25 and before 35; old soul and young at heart.
i got it alone.. :/ but o well, i really wanted tht class. and i hope i dont get her then.lol
thanks doll!!
I wonder if he's as good as Adam in Florida's New Hot Sexy Thriller Novel "PYTHON" by Carina Nolan Amazon
My design Pic, is of and :{D I love team!
no. You're gonna beg me to let you.
#FF Thanks to all who shared their story on twitter last wk:
Just bought tickets for me & to see in concert at in October. Our seats are amazing! Woo Hoo
good job!
yeah babes we need to do something hehe x
dafaq are u I dnt know u ! I dnt give a fuck were u work at !
Just saw a car accident...that was effing scary
. congrats! Great app and concept :)
Its to early...my boys wide wake:-(
well not sure if it's a straight set win yet. tennis steps second nature, cha cha wrong footed many times, but had fun!
All I've had so far is cheese fries.
Tired Spend The Whole Day With My Mother . . .
I haven't decided yet. I took it 2 yrs. ago but not last year.
Can my cousin join 0_o
Are you playing tonight? How many runners so far?
Hahaha good solution.
Sean Murray scores again, lead 24-16, 1:35 left. It was all #Spinners after the first five points of the game.
- I'm also outraged! We call ourselves the #TVDFamily, but it is more dysfunctional than I ever thought.
my future is in the past I'm rearranging my life I'm single and now I laugh !
Things you need when you're sick: 1. Painkillers 2. DVR
I offended you with my opinion? You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
I do believe they are more commonly referred to as the Jackass Johnson family...
me too these stupid girls like brownies a beast! i love richards. did you know who they were a month ago?!
2012-13 GenFund being hashed out in Leg is, in real terms, below where it was before recession. #ProudToPay to restore cuts.
yes, on a long enough timeline, we're all dead, and the orioles have a shot at the division
time to buy a bigger wallet...
RT": I need to give less..than I get."
big fan of my new mayor! “: So far 9 stops, 2 interviews, I brewery tour, 1 back rub (given) #rtnno”
I Guess Ion Have No Frewds Just Mhe,MySelf,And I Till I Die
RT exercise and healthy eating are in,love is still out </3
If my poetry aims to achieve anything, it's to deliver people from the limited ways in which they see and feel. - Jim Morrison
Are you lost!!!Follow Me!!!
Just started 1st inning but up 1-0, just squandered a chance for more, but winningRT : , go brew What's the score??
“: Shit aint sweet in the heats locker room....you can tell” damn somebody fucked Spoelstra Wife
don't be a fool that the rocks i got im still jenny from the block...... don't MESS WITH ME
Meeting the wonderful Jerry Kidd for coffee tomorrow! woo hoo!
thanks again :)
What a day. What a long day.
2 Easy Strategies To Declutter Your Home - Business Insider
Is racing Kevin down Cherry Hill.
thinking of you and your Max.
Stokes saying he asked a certain CEO for $25 million/year. Like any good politician trying to claim credit if business comm steps up.
didn't realize it was ur bday happy bday happy holidays, see u at Verizon on Tuesday in lone tree
"You're really good at games and shot gunning beers." - It's disgusting how good he is at appeasing me.
Someone added us to a Twitter list called "nerd stuff". We're 100% okay with that.
Fucking ass face.
Aw, my cable guide was wrong, this movie isn't titled High School Hookers, it's Walking the Halls.
true true
so seems like Metric at TI 2012?
- Get it. Tell them how it's done!
Dj double wide!!
This crowd is something else this evening. Enjoying it
Going to bed.
People..stop it with Demi Lavoto's interview on MTV..She's "staying strong"?..There are thousands of children being raped &killed.
Microsoft playing active role in ultrabook development?: The software company is reportedly investing time with ultrabook makers to e...
I swear, I always have some random bruise or cut and I never have any clue where it came from O.o
be careful! RT 's 5-dog adventure @ Hampton Inn in Hershey FYI: Hershey devastated by flooding at end of last week
I WANT SUM TOO.... RT : -Cooking Breakfast .
Woah, I don't go on this shit. Someone catch me up. omg.
I WISH I CAN DM U BUT UR NOT FOLLOWING ME! :(( I BEEN WAITING #3YEARS FOR THE DAY 2 COME
S-A-T-U-R-D-A-Y NIGHT's alright for fighting?
i like the song they stole the watcha say part from
Just leaving the ER after a long night. Collin is better and it is time to get some breakfast and go back to sleep.
AH count Fangor! Nice to hear from you! :)
Playing pocket Jacks in hold'em #poker is like arguing with your wife: there're two ways to do it, and both of them are wrong!
Will you be watching the #GoldenGlobes next weekend?
Better be careful about what I tweet after voiceofsandiego is following my tweets!
#ThisSummerImTryna Make new memories.
I'd never heard of unschooling before! But I definitely think I'd need structure. Lazy isn't just a clever name. :)
I ask myself daily: "What were you thinking when you signed up for Greek two years ago?" Obviously, I wasn't.
I want to listen to country music. fuck broken speakers.
Omg I love that song! Tell him I gave him a virtual high five xD
My goal as founder: hire people such that for every team member, I think "life would suck without this person". Currently successful :)
yeah I am to and someone just texted me but I don't feel like moving my hand D:
Have a beautiful day everyone, whether you're celebrating the Easter holiday or not. As least live in love and spread love.
@ Rehearsal for a fashion show, and no I'm not modeling... Lol!
lol the tall guy off Key and Peele !
I saw the Gotham City Swat Team the other day. Maybe those guys can help the Pirates with the Brewers.
Yes! I was just saying that. RT : Is it me or is Holly Madison from The Girls Next Door the
Hold the phone... Rhi Rhi tonight on
hey, everybody in #elpaso--get thee to for Film Round-Up tonight! (In #Austin, jealous)
So, we are thinking about taking down the Christmas tree this weekend. On the other hand, only 10 months until Christmas 2012...
Dropping off my cousin,my bf and her son at the airport
Doctor Who? What?
LMFAO!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2> wtf?!? Haha! RT : That disturbing moment when a gay girl tells you that you have a fat ass coochie ....
"Return on Interesting" - 13 measures of website success, social and community health to determine interest of content.
from is talking about social media & cyber security @#ebiznow Philly event -
Happy Friday gamers !!!
I can't find my phone charger :O I'm gonna die!!
Guess who finally got Secrets Don't Make Friends today!
Remote Start on your VW: Warm up your engine in the morning or cool off the interior before you head out. Pure awesomeness.
SHES THE MOST BEAUTIFUL PERSON TO ME.
Thanks for the RT Laeticia! Have a good night.
yea I'll delete it promise - Derrick
Eenie meenie miney moe. You ain't nothin but a hoe. You think you're cute you think you're classy. Newsflash bitch! You're fucking nasty!
Just because its the truth doesn't mean it wont hurt
maybe tomorrow
RT if your wearing a hoodie tomorrow!
Mapping out the rest of the week...
Headed for DC?
First one in the office again. I need to start sleeping in later! #$$$
Connected w/ - looking forward 2 your tweets! Thx !
you and me both
indeed. I could get behind an elbow drop off the top called the Peacemaker Missile.
The guys working that set always were crafty!
Its a lil nippy this morning =\
When do you leave? Team Type 1 & Team Type 2 will be in Portland on July 29.
Someone entertain me
you died all too soon my friend. We need statesmen like you!
I gotta gotta pocket full of sunshine I gotta load and it's all my load do what u want but yr never gonna break me.......
A handheld and a $400 GPS watch..... and the keys to your car.... and your $2/300 phone... Scary.
#IThankGod For Allowing Me To Live!
Seriously about the Dick Clark hologram, lol, they just did it at Coachella with that dead rapper!! lol do it someone! & Ryan Seacrest joke
I want a wall built for my play ):
I think building a diverse tribe may be an important aspect of a sustainable tribe - especially as US market itself diversifies.
aww not true! Any football fan knows Thurman was amazing
how was your first class?
Heart attack on tha radio >>>>>
Sonara's first VET visit today, shes healthy!
Hard News Cafe » Blog Archive » Full heart, full house equal joy for ...
haha you would do that! ;)
wedge should get ejected now for yelling at Millwood for pitching BP
16 days until the Owl City Concert!!! :)
Thanks for the #movieinsider link mentions!
MMA is definitely popular in segments, but it is not as popular as Boxing was in it's heyday
Popeye's 2 days in a row<U+E403>
My moneys good but these hoes bad, So they stay attached to my gonads, uh
I think you should (; follow back? <3
Wow - I just misattributed a Gandhi quote to Michael Jackson. Hm.
As a kid, I had this cartoon about these boys on a boat who were shipwrecked. Cant remember what happened to the adults or the title.
Put up reviews from different search engines like CitySearch or SuperPages, which will put your business on different directories!
Yeah, importing settings/bookmarks was a big plus.
Thanks for the add!
Thanks. Yes it's far, but not for love.
Not surprised. Last 2 summers in my hood, paleta man on bike has been jacked. Not cool.
Saw video game exhibit at Smithsonian American Art museum. Some cool stuff (Colecovision!) but on the whole, underwhelmed.
Hey! I resemble that comment ..... sometimes.
Go team go!! Turkey and Friends is past the first rest stop on the 100 mile bike MS challenge!
RT : Speaking at #NADA2012 on TrueCar threat to auto dealers.12:30 Today - don't miss it. Speaking Before
well its starts with open casting when u sign up for model mayhem you can check out open castings I can email u one
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world. Leo Buscaglia
Np black hand side by &
thanks for tuning in and tweeting!
cool thanks for sharing!
I just remembered, I am Miss Pilipino 1991. I won $500, a trophy, and free Pilipino food for a year. Also, I lied about my heritage.
- Hello! Very excited to find a film fest in Ukraine! Do you only accept 35mm prints? Or do you also screen DVDs, by chance?
Sweet Muse brownies now at Manhattan Theatre Source! Just north of Washington Square Park, 177 MacDougal St. Cafe open Noon to 10pm
just bought -- never thought I'd leave textmate behind but sublime 2 is too awesome
you don't know! Lol
Lol!! I'm sure it'll be good.... you have to start somewhere right? Jst keep working hard
A week ago today, saw put on a great concert at House of Blues w/friends. Awesome light show - VIP section pizza was delish too
did you find out who A was?
ok, seriously not ok that you answer your tweets before you answer texts or voice mail. LOL
So i've recently become obsessed with nail blogs.. Which blogs would you recommend? I'm having a hard time finding some good ones..
Actually, folks, if you're praying types, would you please pray for Nathan Feingold, and his family, and his murderer? Thank you.
": I'm wide awake now -.- this is no bueno" its my fault
WOW,Another Republican State House member bolting the minority to run in the KY State Senate!No one seems to want any part of the KY house.
Hello Tuesday, how is it already past the time for my three martini lunch?
Green tea is soothing.
I've only been to one show which was in RI in Feb. 2011. My favorite song is 4:59 :)
fantastic write-up for Keep up the good work.
The artistic "movements" (if such things exist in the wake of the death of the avant-garde, ca. 1968) associated with
Rough riders game
“: RT : in March sometime.--bet aye u got a new number?” naw still got the 913 one
Went to a rad punk show last night in Orange County, One of those great shows you don't see very often.
I LOVE MY GIRLFRIEND SO EVERYONE SHOULD GO FOLLOW HER <3
AHA! By jove, I think I've got it! Writing - MDD out :)
I ate my lunch for breakfast.
Also great to see another small school, Lancaster, at #4 in the state too.
"not surprised by success rate of incubator companies, NYC is intellectual capital leader"
hey Robert can u please wish me a happy birthday? or at least a late 1 since It was yesterday
You're a twitter hoe (;
“: Trying to re-establish some old friendships!!” ...
Would easily not go to school today
missed u.
happy birthday my special love wishing i could be with you on your special day i just want U to know how much i love U my special sexy love
": It Aint Ya Spit Game Its Ya DICK Game!: )"
You would think Bobby would have learned a thing or two from Pitino from his time in Louisville.
You blew 150K on an education you could've got for 1.50 in late charges at the public library
I never thought of being a published writer. Amazing the plans God have for you.
tonight's mtg will be: at phil415, at 8pm, and catered by crepeaway. two of those things are true.
I'm in love with how my kid says "soup"
Peter Elbow wins.
I love you guys!
here's a #ptchat topic: cr8ing good summer learning support 4 continued student/familes educational success-pm me 4 thoughts!
check out the Youth to the Core site and twiiter. wea re mobile and ready to come to your sports team
Win Cash & Books! Twitter Party May 8-&gt; 8 p.m. EST Follow #UntilNextTime as author Amy Lignor answers your ??'s live on Twitter.
Anything with sugar, bourbon, chocolate, and nuts is dangerously good.
sometimes ur a big flirt
the people i least expected to care and be there. are there. and it means a whole fuckin lot. i love you all
RT : Muffet just gave Lisa Jones her best Pat Summitt stare. #ncaaw (Melts steel)
never had it
Teaching people to understand the need for sharing is critical.
#rise&grind Up on my way 2 work, thanking God 4 being blessed. Everybody have a great day!
Better for the long run #Blazers fans.
Haha, no! I've read about 600 but have a disease of adding any book that looks interesting to my "to-read" list.
But out of limitations comes creativity. - Debbie Allen
On behalf of the BSR family, happy birthday !!!
If it's not the sounds of construction it's some doofus with a leaf blower!
If we had a game night and played some type of Family Feud or Words with Friends would you participate? Or is this just a phone fascination?
you know it's National Kiss Day...so make sure you kiss someone today. Not on the anus. On the taint.
Nice, Tiger Woods makes the cut at TPC...I just stopped caring mid Tweet
No one cares. So stop it!
Looks who's tweetin!!! LOL We're BOTH crazy!!!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Tell Cutta to shoot us some of those pics when he gets a chance
It's great at detangling.
U CAN GET WIT THIS... OR U CAN GET WIT THAT #THROWBACKS ON MTV2
I got started dancing because I knew it was one way to meet girls. -Gene Kelly
********CHECK OUT OUR WEBSITE WWW.NEWMEXICOGUNS.WEBS.COM NM GUNS-THE ONE STOP SHOP FOR EVERYTHING YOU NEED!
#kids Reliant Trinity River Wind Festival: Reliant Trinity River Wind Festival from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 12:00 PM to Saturday, May...
choking = uncomfortable. So I'll go with yes on that one :)
#allgamejobs any network programmers interested in beautiful San Diego? Our friends at a A studio down that way need you!
I need ppl to follow me :) pleez!! I only have 10 ppl following me -___- but thx for the 10 ppl following me xP
Thakur: Can govt and individual publishers innovate and modernize at a rate worthy of public investment in science?
I like it. Good purchase.
Back in San Diego (sigh). I had a great time playing music and meeting/ seeing other great artists in Los Angeles.
Siri, bring Jessica Tandy back to life.
Yes--this is obvious, redundant, and possibly even ignorant--but libraries are amazing.
I swear I heard my cats talking this morning: "She's still sleeping. Let's get her up... let's have a fight on her head." Fuckers.
Excited to share creative/usable digital tips with the audience at #NextPracticesSummit w & Thoughts?
One day, I will steal a girl's heart, and she will steal my last name
You should never drink on an empty stomach
my flyers eyeshadow fails so much in comparison to yours <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I'm so pissed! Tickets for hcr's April 22nd concert at the rave are buy one get one free and my rents still won't me go!!!
"You better go, I'm gonn be lonely lol :("
Happy Wednesday!
greyson i went to 2 of your concerts ; i would die if you followed me <3
don't make me cry you too. I'm missing Cincinnati more and more these days.
Skinny nigga but I do it large like a 3X
Important #webcred principle for young info-consumers to learn: There's not always ONE right answer. .
your deliberate indifference is a blog, not a news article
Q. When you are not drinking #Pinot, what is your go-to #varietal?
I hope the vet fixes your doggie right up.
I think that if I died today, people would say that though short lived, I've done enough.
I'll be comin home, back to you, every night, shavin you right(;
Thank you for the terrific CHE article!
And nephew #2 is apparently on the way tonight. 2 in 2 weeks...something must be in the water here.
Sis, youve planted the seed on discussing race & sexuality n SWING last year. Join forces w/ like-minded Sisters & do this.
RT : said "f*ck ethnicity! all my white niggas yell hey nigga!"
You know that's a fake account, right?
including script?
big Mac 500?
Cool! Yeah that show looks great! :) #ninelivesofchloeking. I will definitely watch it! :)
My answer? --> Social Enterprise: Any business that leaves the world a better place than it was found. 's
Our dog already likes me more then my hubby. I find it quite funny, since he's the one who wanted him.
There was a great example of Digger's laugh at the end of the Bracketology Show on the Mothership tonight!!!
so there is these amazing clothing company's like Koalacore Clothing, & Dapnap.
Think? Why think! We have computers to do that for us.
Happy birthday mane!
I'm pretty much saying u guys are lost without me and you need me there to keep the group functioning correctly lol
Wow. Enjoy it!
Happy Halloween! Cue Evil Laughter!
a fellow chipmusician got hacked, then the same message spread across my network
say how you really feel '
Having the only #KIKI with my POCKET <3
Snow has FINALLY fallen! Welcome Winter, oh how I love you :)
thank you though <3
Mike Cameron's advice for hitting HR number 4: Get shitfaced and see what happens.
That horrible moment when you realize that you forgot get your stuff out of the communal washing machine...
overhyping this lsu-alabama game and kissing nick saban's ass so much, i've actually forgotten about lebron!
#fridayreads California Scheming by (out in feb)
Why can't you troubleshoot LUTS while enjoying a glass of red wine? :)
Walker will be in RIVERWEST at Messmer Prep (Fratney and Burleigh) in Milwaukee on Friday arriving around 12:30PM. Protest starts at noon.
Tomorrow is day in NYC for anything but a cultus coolee (look it up in any dictionary),b/c OWS is headed for subways & 5 burroughs.
your cock
the FB and twitter or way more consumer pushing than pininterest in my opinion.
#ThingsISayWhenImDrunk lets trend this one day when I'm really drunk
im sick of people who have money bitching about thier problems you live with an old woman with gambling problems and 25$ a day smoking habit
A man in a moose costume sounds like an ideal plan. Good thinking!
im done with updating my blog. So now, off to bed i go! :)
u too
Abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz a is fa ass b is fa bitch c is fa cat ndd d is fa diick
Come on Knicks - finish strong!!
March is finally here, and that means Creighton Soccer Spring games are just a couple weeks away! Come On You Jays!!!
Good call.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 21
When you hire RPM to be your Central Valley property manager, your burdens are lifted. --RPMCentralValley
i gotta shovel! let's roll
Back pains<<<<
If she lives long enough for them to sell the house. She's back in hospital. Broke her hip yesterday. Will never live alone again.
A year from now you will wish you had started eating right and exercising today. Get up and do it now!
I feel like him & I should be best friends We both don't do drugs and I have np not drinking RT Hamilton is abeast
RIP Adam, you'll be missed
My Mama always said "It hurts to be beautiful" :) I think she was just 2 tired to brush my hair carefully, but who knows :)
OMG!! Titanic! that's so fuckin funny dude!
Oh how I love the dixie chicks
OMG! Super excited. Will buy when I get home. Thanks for writing such a great story.
Thanks for the follow! Following you back on #FF!
I've been saving it for a time when I knew I could dive right into it and happily devour it. Guess that time is now!
Anyone want an s/o ? (:
Browns...possible winning record... Refreshing to hear!
Ik I Cant Help It Lol
Jeremiah 22:3 "This is what the Lord says: Do what is just and right...Do no wrong or violence to the alien, the fatherless or the widow..."
check I'd Dm it been for 2 hours
Heads up Madison players, We're no longer at AJ Bombers.. we'll be back up and running with a new location soon. Stick with us.
Rock on!!!
yep def in that last round he could have knocked him out....they good friends tho I think...plus he like to torture a lil too
Still looking for Guest #Fashion to feature Suggestions??
Have to keep the paint off the keyboard but I will twitter when I can.
1 nearly came out I think the corn I ate last night blocked it.
i love THEM for sending that LIFESAVER--and you for being their daughter
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted.
Nice! It seems almost always easier to deal with artists and their families directly, right? I find agencies so adversarial
Wish I could fastforward to Wednesday. I'm ready to look at our potential homes!
I hear that!
Tremendous response to our open #alt-ac position (Head of Outreach & Consulting). Thanks for your enthusiasm and RTs!
This Jeremy Lin sucking/Knicks losing thing seems to be worth it just for the fresh headline puns.
hey i have a question
Just found out is gona be at six flags cant wait to see this dude again he is amazing live!!!
Thanks ! Shout outs right back to you!
I love when my idea for a Pandora station turns out to be great.
cnt wait til christmas everything i want is coming fast RETWEET this if u r gettin everything u want for christmas!
Salt of life.
"Why make excuses, when you can make solutions!" — DJohnson (Talented&Broke NOV26)
not officially yet, there is hope!
CTE may be an environmental factor for developing psychiatric disorders such as alcohol dependence.
Happy Thanksgiving!
So teams are passing on ASU's Vonteze because he has anger management issues? I'm pretty sure I want ALL my LBs to suffer from that.
Criminal charges against George Zimmerman will be announced this evening:
Just saw your interview. Impressive is an understatement. P.S. We need more Gio coverage.
down and the blades are exposed. She also hangs sharp metal object on her wall. These things make nervous,it is going to cost you for making
I know what you're thinking. Haha.
Oh, you're really hot? Please, ruin it with a shitty personality.
If you are looking for the #Marlins game on the radio today its on Majic 102.7.
Yea, I thot we trained to right! :)
The new episode of the Vampire Diaries was awesome!!!..... even the kiss that Damon gave to Elena.... HEHEHE
congrats on followers!
Yes I do, mate. Clint
Cardiac testing important for lung disease prognosis, treatment
LOVE these lazy days at home!
NBC: Federal authorities expect the plane will eventually run out of fuel just after noon
Nice day to watch the
What the eff was the point of that?
love kendra! but you didn't like trueblood, really? did you read the books?
Cost me a white wife lol oh well
#Grammys tweets on anyone's timeline are probably the best thing ever.
Does the discipline of history and the guarantee of public access of records later keep public figures honest?
that was serious? like, I might say that too, but it would be a joke.
u wanna show the world the hood?!
Who attended the Remodelers Home tour today? tweet your thoughts on how you think it went!
We are the underground radio of #iubb and
yes that would be me :) thank you kindly! Make sure you hear runaway!
Say a prayer for me at church. Luv u
at today for with a great and curious group!
LOL...I resemble that remark. As to the martini...your wish is my command.
: I've had good luck #vegan #ala11. Attiki bar & grill, Gumbo Shop, Carmo Cafe, Green Goddess.
if you got a direct message from me IT WASNT ME my account was hacked
Enjoy our Short Film Festival last week? Tweet @ us! We’d love to see your pics & hear your thoughts!
currently creating and updating requirements for transaction system
i have a hauppage
I unfollowed him cause he was straight lmao. Straight and ugly tho. Ew <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>.
"APIs are everywhere" at #sfbeta tonight! We're proud sponsors!
Pulp fiction tonight, fuckin tv guide YES!
And isn't it obvious whose been missing who the most.
I totally feel the same as your last tweet.
'When it's done, we'll shout the cross.... Christ has paid redemption's cost!'
I aim to be THE one... Not just another one.
You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking. -Marianne Williamson
they were all great performances ..
I just wrote my first #nexpose custom vulnerability check. Once I found sample vck files it was easy!
Why do you have that shit in ya bio anyway? Lmfaoo. Fuck outta here nigger.
I predicted the Mavs would come back. Done deal.
shout outs to the girls who THINK some of my songs are about them...it's cute...
it will!
Euphoria at getting a refund from the IRS, which lasts until you realize it was your money to start with
hope your parents enjoyed senior day. They were quite the hit on the kiss cam.
Sometimes people come others go but there isnt one time when u wont have anyone besides u!!<3
ON SALE NOW -- Ms. Lauryn Hill on February 29th at Warner Theatre! Tickets to this show and more can now be found at bit.ly/uxzug6
I guess the main reason is because of all the beliebers who turned into 1D fans. Idk why but it really bothers me.
Now Kalima is working on mapping art + social justice projects in Baltimore at with Animating Democracy.
I suck eggs
Nothing like a four-way hit of tryptophan 2 induce a natural Turkey Day high! Here's one agnostic who's grateful 2 live in a land of plenty.
Sonnet-monologues: Use many in my solo show! Being your slave, When I consider, How like a winter & more!
Haha! We always push for "shopping locally" bc we're a locally-owned biz. But that is not exactly what we had in mind? Love it!
Ah, I knew the meaning, but didn't realize it was common in UK. Sounded a bit "extra fancy" for US... makes sense.. Cheers!
can I please get a follow back?
well, you're not locked-in to mint & intuit. Reddit, however, owns you.
It's not even noon and I've already accomplished so much!
This was the most productive day I've had all year.
Android version is coming in spring - pretty sure they're still gathering donors & preorders on Kickstarter.
I'm in #TwitterJail. :-(
Starting today Jon Ritzdorf will avail himself to geeks around the world via his webpage, the Acclaro Twitter and blog conversations.
Niggas be getting their shit twisted.
Grateful for what I have and visualizing and having faith in what I want.
42 days and I'm no longer a freshmen WOAH
Getting ready for out tomorrow night! Can you pls email me at so we can deal w details, including parking!
we could watch the Knicks game in ny on MSG. U couldn't watch it nationally Or if u have time warner b/c they don't carry MSG
#mdcsymposium We need to upload more than download.
Phoenix, AZ- need females for topless photoshoot. Pay is 100 dollars per hour. (Casting Code B3)
Today's #TT: #iReallyMiss warm Hawaii weather...but I have my sperantsa beanie for extra warmth!
Yeah, good show. I'd like to be him in another life.
TONY LUCCA ROCKS!!! Bought the song, great rendition, and yesterday with Adam FABULOUS
Check out Sheltered By Skies!! We just welcomed our new guitarist, Wyatt Hausner! =D
no. u started this talking about christianity. Which if memory serves is approx 2000 years.
In Emory Faculty Connect learning about iPads used for student reflections on news reporting via their own stories.
whatevaaa, I'll just be up here lookin down on you
waitin on my bae to come over
RT : 2 police officers on bikes on the perimeter of #occupybaltimore. They don't appear to be threatening...
I'm at an even 50, no one else
First appearance for Mariano Rivera not wearing
got u
i tottaally love your icon! and thanks for following!
ROTF haha!! “: lmfaoooooooo TURN HIS PURPLE ASS OFF THEN”
I don't even remember the words to that rap song, and I wrote it. Also, Ed, I miss you (and Julz)!
The Burning of the Midnight LAMP?
Good things come to those who tweet! Get 5 of your teammates to RT #marchforbabies305 and you could win Dinner for Two !
I wonder what babies have nightmares about?Lol
thanks for following me ....
Our new designs will be featured shortly, will keep everyone updated
#FF but no official Captain Caveman Twitter handle :(
Thanks, Ben! Excited to see your images as well.
Preparing to fail is failing to prepare...
Steak Taco or an Al Pastor Taco for $1? Yeap. If you are coming to #sxsw12 you want to get cardcase. Get the app & use it
Here we go again. Loose comparisons and odd logic. delivers.
Obama is the NOT the gay president newsweek.
I think I might delete my iTunes and start from scratch. Hm, options.
Bacon pop rocks! Yes! From Atwood Cafe at Baconfest Chicago. And yes, they were good. So much fun!
Just turned in final draft of my book, "Interactive Visualization: Insight through inquiry" to MIT Press. Thanks to you all who reviewed it!
Getn off work early tomorrow for the game! Pre-parkn-lot-pimpn will be in full effect.
hope you are having a great day x
See you there! I need to start packing soon. :)
It was fun with Audrey, but her foot will be fine,
so happy for you!
I am so not looking forward to practicing in this heat tomorrow.... >:(
if you need helping finding a new place to live let us know!
I departed for Richmond on April 11, 1865 at Mr. Lincoln's behest. I was to attend a convention for Southern reconstruction.
One day I'll get some rest. Probably when I'm dead.
Money From Strangers on mtv!? DYINGG
Plan for many pleasures ahead. - Play Alganon
looks good. School or pleasure?
#BlackFriday : Poynter's Iron Pit gym, Richmond, Ky . Sign up today, get your 1st month at $12. No contracts. 25% off all Supplements
Ooh, thank you for sharing this with us! Looks lovely.
Tits on your back, and a dick in your ass, its a... TRAN-N-NY!!! How about that for a #HappyMonday!
starting to plan the CD release party...party. It's going to be a BLAST just like a "dust explosion", but less dangerous and more fun.
im so sleepy .. dont feel like getting back in the car to go home
did you listen to the song if so what did you think
Stunned by Shadid's death, crushed for Tyler Hicks' ordeal. Both captured in Libya last year. Now H carried Shadid's body to Turkey.
Assembly moves vocational high school diploma bill, to be debated later
RT : Weird that 1,500 people have "Liked" on Facebook a TMZ story on Junior Seau found dead. Semantic failure.
What's your contact information?
RT : we are indeed in the pub : -)...if i had known 2 hours ago i would have joined you
you'll see. I can't wait for the opportunity. They compare my game to
Happy #FF fabulous folks!
lol damn don't worry same shit happen to me when i did the same shit in my pool
That's what I'm talking about, It ain't over until the fat lady sing..........& I haven't started singing YET..!!!!!
should reply to me, and tell me how school is going for her.. cuz that would be cool.=)
When someone annoys you,it takes 42 muscles to frown. But it only takes 4 muscles to extend your arm & slap the shit out of them
you should follow our Des Moines friends | : 5 follows away from 200 - we're almost there!
UGK & Outkast might be my 2 favorite duos of all time... can't decide who I fuck wit more
oh boy
I think David goes to pen since he was there earlier. Hughes is more expenable-Phelps not going anywhere!
Home now. Game on. It's automatic.
So, family visit followed by sickness followed by one day of feeling decent followed by probably will have minor surgery but. Still. WTF
Ha! I love that Inge is proving haters wrong and absolutely KILLING it in Oakland. Good for him. That's why I was sad to see him leave D ...
Doesn't that Magnum ice cream commercial look ...tasty?
If you're just starting out in the studio world, it is very common to share a rented studio space with other photographers
we all have our time machines. some take us back, theyre called memories. some take us forward, theyre called dreams
Mentions are so dead -.-' TWEET ME?
Check out our executive chef ZACHARY ROSEN on fox 6 wakeup this morning!
sure enough.
So, #NBA fans, #Kings fans? Did I read about another team possibly coming to Sac if/when #Kings move to LA?
I really should stop depending on you to be happy.
We posted the last holiday sketch for our free Christmas album. Happy! getbettershow.com
Homegrown just got cooler. Genny Bock on cask will be there. Get your tickets quick.
Likewise! ": nice to meet you!”
RT : RT THIS if you hope to have Texas Roadhouse join the for
thanks for the follow, bro!
will I see any of you this Wednesday?
im settled.
Merry Christmas Aaron! Thank you for your wonderful and inspiring music.
Where's the emphasis? Those that WORK with them, or those that work WITH them?
You can be loved by many but still feel like your not wanted, appreciated, or sad/depressed
OHGOD THAT'D BE TERRIFIC. Oh god, I can't even process that haha, i'd die trying honestly ;)
YOURE ONLINE OMG<U+2665><U+2665> miss u
This album is breathtaking there is no way your mother isn't proud.
come on over to the at meridian place in columbia heights. One of the most open but exclusive feeling parties in DC. DJ + ART
Too bad but I'm sure there with be a next time!
Pullin stars out the sky Live large, get high.
Good teaching is more a giving of right questions than a giving of right answers. ~ Josef Albers
Women are like the police. They can have all the evidence in the world, but they still want the confession.
OMG, for real life!!!!
was amazing!! I truly enjoyed working with the show:) I pray every1 enjoyed their night-I did:)
just want to starting my day, you? :)
Home from work. Shooting Crown. Give me strength!
you hung up on me?!?!?!?!?!? oh gosh please tell me you didn't drop your phone in the toilet again.....
ADULTS COME EXPERIENCE A GREAT SALSA CLASS. NO EXPERIENCE OR PARTNER REQUIRED. $15 DROP-IN FEE , ALL ARE WELCOMED
just meet me at my locker after this period
Should have more important things on 2 do list: 1) Congress-stay out of NFL bounty investigation. 2) POTUS-stay out of Sanford, FL shooting.
Encore performances of A Night of Deaf Theater & Confessions of the World's Worst Missionary. Sat., 12/10 7pm.
DNOW is over. #sad Opportunity to put ransomed into practice.
So cool! Love that you found at the airport!!
#thingsIhate sending a message to the wrong person and letting the blood rush to your head. I'M SORRY!
Writing novels in real time on twitter? Dream come true! Check out amazing story!
Good morning from GCM! Easter Egg Hunt this morning & #FreeConeDay tomorrow- this is going to be a fun week!
hahaha that's not real. That dude must get
is always thinking ahead for New Year's Day. We found the best (hungover) brunch spots in town:
its not lazy if I'm actually moving my mouth to speak and I kno ur not calling anybody lazy I live with u remember lmao
Bobby V gets booed at Fenway; partly for leaving Bard in too long, but I believe also for shitting on Youk.
David- hey! :) sorry I forgot to get back to you. I'll do that tonight
Wow, Dushocki just rocked Gapers with "The Doosh". He "don't give a flyin' Fuuuuhhhhhh"
Our ethical crisis is arrogance - Jean Brittingham
Rise and grind!!!
it is
Terrell Owens is out with a sore toe, WWOS is dispatching Alex up to Buffalo to go massage his hurt toe!!
RT : Announced last night: final public hearing for Circulator fall service changes will be held @ Anacostia Library on 8/2/11
I won't let this go.
Disappointed by results of logo contest I started online for my podcast: every image of woman sent, woman was naked or half-naked.
Thanks for the #FF love!
RT : Join and this Sunday for our first Dinner and Design. Great food, wine & conversation:...
lol me neither its fun! And cold lol
they have Irish accents because of Niall lol
I'm On My Fire Rite Now, Somebody Cool Me Down
If swimming is such a good way to stay in shape; Explain whales.
Excellent lisiting!! thanks
what'd you think of it?
All body butter is 3 for $30 at A free body butter tin makes this the perfect gift!
If confidence means brain rott
Im getting a lot closer with the family spending a lot of time with them, I love you guys <3
Come to Dobson's for lunch. www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/Lunch_menu at 956 Broadway Circle, near Horton Plaza, downtown San Diego
#improudtosay i love and sing their songs in the shower. (:
do not eat yellow snow, or at least add sugar first
Good decisions!!!!!!!
One of the easiest finals ever. Done in about ten minutes. Yes.
I heard Vegas has at -175 against
Edgefest was the best!!!!!
#Sunday Breakfast at 9:30...Sailor Jerry promo, drink specials, swag 4pm-5pm! Live Music with the Mach 5. $5 Spend the day w/ us!
I want to talk to him, but I'm not going to.
i like how people that i don't even know talk shit about me on facebook. ^_^
#SEM21 great questions by about purpose of ranking/ratings of #highered institutions & incentivizing effect on college mission
Let's play "pick our favorite part of town"! m ... SoHo
The industrial war complex takes way too much money out of our system.There a lot of money in war mongering ,planes ships, tanks,ect .WHY?
oh then ur just ignoring me! -_-
I don't know about YOUR car wash, but MY car wash sells shoes.
s/o 2oo :) sweet dreams goodnight.
St Patrick's Day Wed March 17: U2 cover band Joshua Tree playing downtown at the FSE 1st St stage from 8-11p.
Thank you so much!=)
too bad suspension isn't based on his "body of work". Should be lifetime ban.
Thanks for checkin' it out! And you won't be disappointed. Both songs are hot!
Its a beautiful day! Take this opportunity to stroll in and buy some #flowers :)
my mamma tried to wear sum skinny jeans but i told her
Boys had a great time at the baseball field- probably last Season for these folks to play together- no doubt going separate ways next year
you were texting me from your ipod?
To be honest, all I care about is seeing the
. leading full session on over-fragmentation of university soc media efforts (proliferation of accounts) in 329.
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life. - Wayne Dyer
Am I #crazy? Am I #sane? Pick 1 there all the same -
Out here in Sacramento Valley "See'n what I can pull" Got major fire allways lit. Hope I dont the kicked out the club tonite
it's been a rough day. Hit me up when you guys get back.
#WhatHurtsTheMost is when people don't come together for one common goal!
House of Blues Tickets available for our May 28th show! ... contact us!
Thank you for the RePin on yesterday!
It's okay, I don't know where it went. But my whole face is burning. Being cool hurts, Carissa. :c
From Oprah's mouth "GOD can DREAM BIGGER than I can Dream for MY SELF" ! Let It BE Known, I AM Challenging GOD...Let Me SEE...WatchU Got?!
Pet Insurance Comparison Chart | Thes.us
u on yo a game today with the tweets!
Goddamnit, David Tennant is getting married today.
Did I mention they interview celebs...yeah u have to tune in...theyll keep u posted and wen u do dnt forget to thumbs up their videos!!
Who likes the Last Chapter of My Secrets?? How was the ending? -Leanne<21
It's funny how you think that you're a dancer because you danced when you were 4.
right doe.
Looking forward to a great week! Thanks for mentions:
I better find a toilet.
Just proposed drinks after work and the whole office perked up.
Please welcome as the newest BarTweet Official Bar Reviewer. Look for Real Time bar reviews via !
Some skateboarding Latino kids just said they like my swag.
Getting a sidekick 3g lx next week. (:
Sure I'll stop just for you, gentleman ;) <U+2665>
what are u doin today?
ive been for a while..
If life is so short, why do we do so many things we don’t like and like so many things we don’t do?
Did you MacGyver that truck out of paperclips & Bazooka gum, Creepy Crackhead Tow Truck Driver Guy? It took you 2 1/2 hours to get here...
Preparing materials for new short, Selling Knives to Jesus, to put through mass amount of festivals on Withoutabox.
Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.
I'm listening to Mozart's 41st symphony right now, which is apparently supposed to have Masonic symbolism. He was a serious Mason.
Sadly it just never works out. The sense of entitlement will always be an issue
Big homie got it poppin tonight.
looking to the sky 2 save me looking for a sign of life looking for something 2 help me burn out bright
yeah I just can't ever be there on Fridays or Saturdays.
A big thank you to the planning committee, Internet2 staff, and CEO Dave Lambert for a great I2 conference. Thanks for challenging us!
What does the son of a movie mogul put on his walls? Pictures of political moguls and British royalty, that's who.
I hate having that dream! MODGER!!
can I have it, I already did it thanks :D
Does the fact that there is no free will mean that I don't have to worry about making decisions? #choices -> #lose. #neuroscience ->
que pasa people!
thanks so much for supporting my friend she means the world to me
I agree
New episode will be up on Friday. will play some tunes he's currently into at the moment.
#showofhands. who loves these rings as much as I do?
thx 4 potato suggestions. I have for better or worse, indcludig disliking potatoes!
Morning you sexy peeps :-)
Will bankruptcy courts shut down in the event of federal budget melt-down?
Good night Twitter world...only three more days till I can leave school behind, and focus on my blog. Good things to come...
Where is the pita??
My icon is my cousin Nick & I. I love you so much, Nick. Words can't explain how much love I have for you & how much I'll miss you. R.I.P <U+2665>
Music is my Drug
Let it snow! Its a winter wonderland in Cleveland and today Baker Babes Bakery has started their holiday cookie baking marathon. Yum Yum...
The "Sew-In" give your hair a rest Sew-ins starting at 65.00-up 404.454.1494 for your next appt.
oh okay, i'll ask what time my appointment is. QT : we leaving here around 12, it takes abt 6 hours to get home.
Its supper cold
I'm done being your little bitch
You are welcome. TY to Microsoft for its many endeavors supporting K-12+
Until LOCAL media reports something, I'm not buying it. Sounds too fishy to me. How is report going to Miami first?
Just found $5000 for a business here at the GMCC Biz Expo! Stop by and see if you have money!
Childhood friend Rashard Lewis said his 1 yr old son eating Cheerios with his right or left hand so I better recruit him now lol
I have decided that I can set aside the script I've written for my life. I can pick up another script and change directions if I like.....
I only spent $100 checking my bags at DIA. Note to self: donate to charity.
why is it that every time i hear sing it melts my heart ? :) <3
I highly recommend the book "A Place of Yes" by Bethany Frankel
How was trip to China? Sounds like a fascinating trip.
They aren't real strict about that. Kris Kross made the cut (kut) with "Jump," and I'm like, "Warm It Up"!?!?!
thanks for coming in yesterday!
Happy birthday to Ms Jackson if you nasty..
"Earth's intrigues are not for you. Learn of Me. Simplicity brings true rest and peace."~~Reminder from God
come to the ehs car shod tomorrow !!
for some reason I cant watch on DF I watch on epdrama :)
Do u think u will ever come to Kentucky? i hope so (:
Check out www.TheGymPro.com. Get a free yr membership just by using promo code "fit" during the sign up process. FREE workouts for a yr!
Dear LA renters stop trying to gentrify your property. Latinos and blacks have money too.
More music advice coming... stick with me!
don't watch that show after season two. Uggghhhh. And even that's iffy. It has so many people I love. But really bad writing.
Varying degrees of awesomeness. Playoffs are awesome, but a less awesome way to determine the best team in a league.
Start of week 10!
: Y_U_NO get the the Period Tracker App on iPhone?
I got my litho's today!!! Thank you!
I Don't Know If I'll Make It, But Watch How Good I'll Fake It.
All I wanna do is smoke & fuck
if he wasnt good at basketball he would be in prison.
HI SHANNON (;
AT 9P WILL BE ON USTREAM, TELL A FRIEND TO COME WATCH, HE MIGHT HAVE AN ANNOUNCEMENT OR 10 RT
Booked it!!aaeeeewee
Bumpin faceless giants on my way home
:) Woofin a tY & hoping you are well :)
Nice to see the Dolphins & JT go out on a high note!!! \
taking a break from #libr283 reading, #libr228 reading. in the 'brary, first break in 5 hours.
I'll ask DJ...he had been reffing
GOOD MORNING WARRIORS AND FRIENDS!!!!
A man just said happy mothers day to me. I didn't have the heart to tell him I'm not a mother. So I just said it back and walked away.
haha add me on Facebook! I barely get on this thing
This guy on #MyStrangeAddictions is addicted to having sexual relations with his car.. :O
" No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit. ~ Andrew Carnegie”
Loved watching my son play baseball tonight!
When I text u i'm thinking about u when I don't I want you to think about me (Quotes)
Vikings' stadium bill becomes racino bill in committee - Coon Rapids ECM Publishers
Hate when a client says they need something by Monday, April 19th, then I realize they probably meant Monday, MARCH 19th: tomorrow.
Thinkin about it, i need to have lunch with my one of my bestest
You're something that someone would only meet in a nightmare.
So many bridges to make wishes over
we gonna bring fire to this record
That sounds yummy!
- so glad we are linked, look forward to your tweets.
Sick of hearing about this. The 2 won't merge much because improvisation (real jazz) isn't liked by popular culture.
Waiting for Dan Savage to speak and I'm very excited. He is a true American hero. It gets better!
Life is agreeable. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that is bothersome.
#nf . Follow back((:
If i wanted that boy,,, then i would be with that boy,,, but that one aint for me,,,
hey guys thanks for the follow. We should should have some shirts by June!
if youre not gonna say it in front of people then don't say it behind closed doors...
Lets see what Staszko has with his back against the wall!!
“ #Capricorn's don't do well with others annoying us, especially when we know it's being done on purpose.”
It's been a long day
Easy Fast way to Help Haiti via Wyclef Jean text campaign TEXT "YELE" to 501501. It will charge $5 to phone bill, $400K raised today. THANKS
I think two girls were just flirting with me??
So I'm taking the SAT tomorrow. Fucking Cinco de Mayo.
Stop wasting #CVPD police-hours/taxpayer's $$$! Stats do not support enforcement of age-based
South park vibe
"I'll pull out a broom!"
idk yet.. any suggestions?
that could be a good thing for you and yours.
aw maaannnn i have to work when Bob Saget comes to UWM ;-( MIGHT just have to call in sick muahahaa
Ten Dolla Bill will be reppin' at the Twestival RT ordered my ticket. you should too, if you haven't already
played chef tonight: red/orange/yellow peppers + fajita beef; stir fry then wrap in wheat tortillas w/sour cream + salsa. yum!
Have you noticed that has put out 4 tweets in the last 22 hrs?
I'll take either.
Desires, either in their original form or their modified expressions of fear and anger, stand between the individual and God.
On set in the office for rock video today.
Oh, your org didnt release a statement on gay marriage today? Shut up.
"You Only Live Once" is not an excuse to be a hoe.
Everything's good till it goes bad.
#whatudidwrg u read my play but didnt kno what move i was gonna play
Looks like tomorrow is gonna be another beautiful day on the island!
Watching this Laker game about to go to sleep. :l
LOL it was a busy night, for a good cause, the Tigers Foundation! All those smooches were for charity ;)
You make a website that doesn't have a purpose of being on it.
He wasn't changed but his smile did(:
I'm just getting off wrk grocery shopping then glass of wine I'm off tomorrow. Just going to relax
oh em gee hey
Dreams come true by the steps you tAke in reality...@ cdpalmer
Life's too short for up-to-the-second coverage of dishonest loons.
take the bus to Cesar's lol
I don't even remember what I did #OnTheLastDayOfSchool <U+E40D>
I just woke up from a dream that I was at an event and i was seeing Daft Punk! What a Crazy ass dream. Lol
I think I saw the animals walking 2 by 2 down the street. Man, the weather sucks today.
Apparently I'm pretty badass at beer pong.
Letting out my emotional side on VidBlogger Nation glorious garden vid.
Follow these great organizations:
with airplane? :)
Finished Calloway's book & wrote my annotation. Obviously I need to acquire my old reading habits -- 9 hrs. to read 200pgs won't cut it...
Thanks to , , , and for stopping by S-Troupe auditions today!
T-shirt biz must be recession proof or our prices for custom t-shirt & apparel printing are WAY too low!! Love it. Churning & burning!!
BLOCK PARTY tomorrow at 5&7pm.. Live performances, giveaways, free food..
#iswabbedforamit ...and you should too. Bring your South Asians down to Project One now!
Quite tired. I'll take a dose of home please.
My feet are cold, and I tweet too much.
lmao make it your avi danny
Congrats to the Backstreet Boys for 18 years of wonderful music!
When you're so tired you could sleep on the copy machine
haha yes he is!!! He's SUPER handsome and cute and adorable <3
i live al the way in bedstuy new york. i live across the street from where jay z grew up as a kid.and yeah do it be hot?
A cemetery makes a great last minute flower shop
Aw sent me a cute text too <33
": Beyonce is just too fab" thanks
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They are felt with the heart.
Happy Monday! Concentrate on your goals and make it a productive week!
Good to know. I really liked the movie and have the book waiting in the wings.
thanks for the RT! We were glad to feature you.
Ad Astra => To the stars
won 2 tickets to NYE party...but we haven't heard back from you!
U ready for da marquet game? RT if u ready or like marquet
Like Ainge said yesterday, a LOT depends on what KG/P/Ray want to do. But Smith, like a lot of ATL players have value
I'm thinking that wasn't the #Badgers' finest offensive sequence of the season.
hey! How you been?
Anybody at GetAround looking for a good #blues #rock show this Friday? DM #ScottTheMerchGuy here if so...
When your tummy hurts #allthetime <
#ihate being sick *cough cough * *sniff sniff*
well im not asking you to do it for your benefit :/ but please do this for me, text me so i can tell you more 2102860306
Thanks for the #FF!
Sorry, your DM must have come in when I was on travel. Please resend.
I decided to drop PPL, but the Coffee with Ganoderma is doing well. Lots of people drink coffee and are wanting better health.
i want my boyfriend to be a cowboy <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
you would publicize this
Yawning.... Eyes getting heavy, tired. Tired. OH Snap!!!! Just realized forgot to buy my Lotto Tickets!
You have to go out and find your audience where they are. The days of your audience coming to you are over. -
I hear everyone talking about that? What baby :(
DC Chair Israel: 'We would have preferred Steve Rothman run against Scott Garrett'
I'm in love with a girl that I cannot have simply because I cannot fix the things around me.
Umm, don't I know someone that was thinking bout something like that?
Indeed it is.
Rehashing screwups is the 1st step to recovery. MT : I'm southern, I don't get this whole re-enactment thing. Didn't we lose?
jennifer lopez is legit the hottest woman alive
Thanks, Jane!
was there a EAS test at 6am? All antenna AND cable signals black for 10 minutes. No earthquake/solar flares on www.electricquakes.org
any port in a storm (or any scrap to write on)
Princianna Durosier ~ Bullying Hurts ~ "it must stop"
If your pubic hair's are playin "PEEK A BOO" with your panties we can't date..
Tailgating today, or is the weather/wind going to ruin it?
RT Pandora commercials <<<
welcome to my world.
Article on who the greatest hockey player of all-time is will be posted later today
just identified the writer of an interesting letter signed only by "Bill". I love a good archival challenge.
Thanks to Nick at www.powerofprog.com for featuring us on the site...
Dis Polo right here cost bout 300
Ok friday tweet....”tweet this”...argh what a day...pay it forward
I have three finals tomorrow! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
RT : I checked with Elias Sports Bureau. LeBron has never won a title in the same year he's been named MVP.
Wow. I'd forgotten what a treat noon matinees are...
Who knows 's instagram? Please tell me I wanna follow him<3 #9days until
did we come up wit a name for the show
Like i said no life!
takes pride in supporting local causes!
Now is definitely not the time to find a book I can't put down.
PU-now I smell it. It wasn't like that earlier.
I wanna be rich So I surround myself with people who are getting it
seriously what's taking them so long!?
Losers today: Young for trying to double back to the winning side and Hueso for being a complete scumbag.
my latest yahoo posted with pride .. Its about time Obama stood up to congress
oh yeah?
#1DSummerCamp, so gonna be there, no matter where it is! x
Both quarterbacks love to run the football. I have mixed feelings about that. Adds extra excitement to the QB position next year I guess.
... need to reestablish my legitimacy here ...
I have on these "big-ass headphones" for a reason. It means leave me alone.
I have a real question: Have you ever/When was the last time you prayed so hard to the point where words start coming out of no where???
That awkward moment when you start to think your brother is gay.
see ya there bud!
Why is it that the people that talk the most shyt, aint really shyt...
Sitting in Dunkin whilst has his interview. Fingers crossed he'll get the job! XD
RIP Whitney Houston.
is he from ohio
Practicing and getting the live show put together, can't wait for all the performances, i love feeling the excitement of the audience!
Production Club meeting tonight! Same time! Same place!
Unless u are willing to drench yourself in your work beyond the capacity of the average man, u are just not cut out for positions at the top
Nice weather. Hmm, I wonder when the hot dog stand will open.
i know. i spit out the first one thinking it was maybe bad. nope they're *all bad.
Love that IPA!
You broke my heart , once again .
so excited for my first prom tomorrow (:
ur sick? So am I!! I NEVER get sick...
Tough competition! RT : 701 The Source —which is top power restaurant?
If you want to witness a lot of personality disorders on display, hang out at the 'Real World' casting call this weekend in Boulder.
yes ma'am Louis all the way :D
RT : Got Accepted to University Of The Arts!!! :D
Sobenewyears.com coupons have been extended! Use code "11years" when purchasing general admission tickets and get 5% off instantly!
twitter needs to extend the character limit. i can't explain how much means to me in 140 characters.
RT : A special thank you to the many businesses who reduced their electricity use taking the strain off our system
Proud to be officially a division under HendyCorp LLC and we get to designate develop their website! Favoritism? I don't think so ;-)
More hugs MT Hugs to Retelling story to benefit others. Healthcare leaders must listen.
Please let this day go by quicker!!!
RT : I have a new career goal: I want to be fired as the Blazers GM.
this is kappa business get outta here lol
Theresa Caballero Judicial Candidate on 1150 am, she is 2 hoots & a holler 4 sure call in 880.4376!!
Were proud to have you wearing it RT : - proud wearing HL clothing. Awesome!
Every time someone texts me the five tone phrase from Close Encounters plays & I hope to communicate with alien life form.
Without God, you can do nothing. With God there is nothing you cannot do :)
hey, everyone has those days, keep your head up man!
Im Gonna Be Dropping An EP Very Soon..Be Ready For A Good Project Everyone..
Yup, it's still going strong!
Don't mourn the lost years -- look forward to all of the brussel sprout filled years you have in front of you!
Reconsidering Halloween Venues and Plans ...... for those hanging out with us please call my cell THANK YOU
I'm amazed how many people Tweet links to news stories they clearly have not read...
aww hope it gets better doll!
All I Need is on Pandora right now! I love it.
Drake while doing homework >>
Mark Towns & Brazilliance tonight at Industry Cafe & Jazz in Culver City CA - no cover charge!
Natural gas line now to terminate in Southcentral
why would I do that??! I would give you a standing ovation and ask for you to say something else!! :D
Is Your Business Trending? - Internet Marketing Website Search ...
Guterman: Early home visiting services are sensible, feasible, cost effective.
BRIANDA. I MISS TALKING TO YOU EVERYDAY. :(
How you doin'?
I support all the medicinal movement. But I'm a rec user and would still have to get it on the down low
Found my Oppen but lost my Duncan.
sure thing but I will read it later I don't want to miss a second of DWTS tonight I wounder why.
Win free tickets to "O Little House of Baltimore" 's! Every purchase until December 16 wins you one chance.
It's dessert time!
Yay! is back! Not gonna lie, I kind of missed his tweets :)
GOOD MORNING!!!!
nick is so sexy in my background.. jesus.
can you understand english?
thank you :)
WANT HEALTHIER, LONGER HAIR VISIT WWW.SHOP.COMPLETELENGTH.COM
Lind: tea, coffee, tobacco, sugar, spices were the 18th and 19th century drug trade.
My first camp meeting was amazing. Great preaching (by and Dr. Norman Wilson), great location (Denton, MD), great people.
Too Close by Alex Clare gives me chills :3
Jugulator was the first Priest album I owned when I was 15. Burn in Hell and Bullet Train = classics. Amazing voice
My boyfriend >>> Yours.
I agree, Twitter's become more useful for many of these discussions ...
I just wanna break you down so badly, in the worst way.
RT : Watching Enough via #netflix <<<< greeeeaaaattt movie!
In space, astronauts cannot cry, because there is no gravity, so the tears can't flow.
ask for a better idol <3 Thanks for being here for every mahomie! We love you Austin! Have the best 16th birthday EVER
I wonder how TI feel
My couch has become my worst enemy. To me it means laziness, complacency, unfulfilled goals & missed opportunities.
Huh. Because of the length of truck that can drive on them?
I think by now we're talking at cross purposes. I dislike Man U b/c when I lived in Eng they reminded me of the Yankees.
Yeah maybe...lol i don't know why i saw ur tweet now .:D
RT and answer if you know what song this is: I'm sending him a _____________________ and I enclosed it with kiss!!
You can also select one of the links below
Q1: around eyes
no not really although you've done the best job on them so far imo
Can you come hear me teach/preach on worship and the temple at Union next Wed at 9am... And critique me for class?
The lust of peoples hearts
Isn't that the truth!
So, how was everyone's weekend? Come up to the GA Kiosk & tell me about it this afternoon or this morning to Jen & Stephanie. A drink too?
The President is in town...as if LA traffic was not bad enough.
Hey ! We wanna play with you!
Love is like a card game. Cheaters always lose
It's all about you isn't it?
have visit the Kiss lounge and then we can all meet them. That's a good idea..
Just met Elissa of after realizing we were live-tweeting the same session! Hooray for Twitter-induced connections.
is in the Beer Garden. Let's Party #Baltimore!!!
Just came from golden corral that shit was good
Tks for the follow! Appreciate it!
How does Colon have an under 3 era? Seriously? Should be the perfect guy to get Tigers O around.
Loving The New Twitter Changes :)
lol, thank u
and as you noticed from my tweets i'm back from training
Had a crazy wierd day today with Karissa!(:
RT : Sad Santorum dropped out. I wanted him to keep forcing Romney to say crazy rightwing things.
so what happens now? where am i going to? :) oy cok yorgunum
Any time...come back to Tampa soon ...been loving your music 4 close to 15 years. Have a great night .
We love at WebCamWindow. We use it a ton. Check it out!
Staying in to watch the Heat or the #GRAMMYs tonight? Order some delicious take out from Shorty's!
Normal Girls: "I wish I had a prince charming." Me: "I wish I had Austin Mahone."
in what grade is a teacher gonna ask that question. Douche
This Saturday at Pura....LMP Coast to Coast Edition! We'll have the hottest DJs from SF, NYC & San Diego will be rocking the house.
DM me i need yo line asap
Join us at Swan Dive on November 4th! 10p-1a. Check back here for a big Vendetta Big Band - Swan Dive announcement soon. ;)
Awesome, thanks!
The letter just went out announcing them.
don't you mean orange?!?
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-42
haha I doubt she will
Unacceptable Charges $3 to use ATM, I'm going to a deli, paying their ATM fee then giving a homeless person $3. Just on principal
ooooohhh! I'm jealous!
Just saw an accident at Nellis and sahara. Car hit a CAT bus. Damn! What a way to start out the new year.
How many of you would legitimately miss me if I were gone? Seriously. =/
Agreed. Mo, Curly and Larry.
"To the bunkers! " // the future will be saved by the debunkers=bloggers
Without you girl I have nothing left....And I don't want my heart no more what is a heart there for.....
Our designer is amazing!
You and me both.
and all players will be eligible to be tested for all street drugs at that time.
Ken Boothe performing - wicked
that's the move fa sho shit is so smoove I do heem straight on the rocks.
If you hadn't told me, I would have been none the wiser.
You're absolutely right, being uncomfortable is a good thing.
#InTheArtOfTheCity silent auction hosted by Sharon Stone at #ITAOTC come get your bid on!! 05.03.12
This fight is OFF THE CHAIN!! #realshit!!!
Hope everybody is enjoying our own 's #smwwdc panel. Packed house at Living Social HQ!
It's been ALL MONEY IN for quite some time
Just Met A BOSS BITCH! Love A Beautiful Boss! Hopped Out The New Cls 550 In Some Red Leggings & Red Bottoms Waved Lol. #GROCERYBAGGED LOL!
I fuckin LOVE LOVE LOVE my "baby daddy" who is not really my baby daddy (I just call him tht) :)
ew it's deer
Good morning.
can't be to many places to go on a date in your big city lol
why of course. I can only do friday so.... Friday it is?
where did they talk about the 5?
please im begging u too whoop cenas ass. Im sick of his fruity pebble ass being champion again and again
oh, it's going to be BIG.
ha ha. Have a great day.
aww Im goin 2morrow.can u go.4 me chris I <3<U+E32D> u hehe its my dream 2 meet u, n
Sorry to hear about the day,hang in there. Shoot me a DM tomorrow if you want to talk vPC, we run between 5K's.
Career path: 1. quit day job 2. work on teleport device
Shout out to Emily G. for being the employee of the month (of October) !!!!!
Thx for asking, We're goin' on a Low Car Diet to fit in our skinny jeans again! Any other Zipsters have resolutions to share?
Thanks to everyone that made it out last night, you guys made the show so much fun!
It's working here in Wisconsin and I'm all for it everywhere thx for posting vid btw!!
I am certain the Memphis Dawls are the best band in Memphis, and one of the best in the state of Tennessee. They're so good!
Hey guys! I haven't been on in a while, sorry! Anyways, how's everyone? Hope you guys are doing #GRAND ! #InfiniteSmiles and take care!
yeah you are
#whatgetsmegoin hair of the dog
I tee it up and let you hit it with a driver:). It's what I do. That show is crazy! You can't write that crap. It's so bizarre
Thanks! is still stressed about the move and all, but at least we have the beginnings of a plan and a place to sleep! :)
.: "I don't concede in any way..." Still believes in the importance of library space.
of you want your own you can bring a shirt to all adds up screen printing on Brownsville Rd.
I didn`t want to go to pandinis but #desperate times call for desperate measures
Don't forget to start posting your #thatcamp Austin session ideas - only a week to go!
Nice win. Great to b a part of it.
check out sobenewyears.com! btw It's 80 and sunny.
#mydumbinjury jumping on my bed when I wad little hitting the ceiling and got knocked out #concussion 3
www.CastingDNA.com :: The Largest FREE Entertainment Network. Casting Calls, Audition Postings, Actors, Models, Singers and more.
Golf Disc's 15% OFF at ParadigmGardens. Check out the new stock! rumors that new discs are coming in this week too!
I have Step throat and it sucks. I have been quarantined to my bedroom.
!?Don Coneilius is dead?!
I'm not gonna lie. That pic of Daniel Day Lewis as Lincoln really turns me on.
Gunna have a fight Saturday! I've gotta. Last game off to season! So if anyone makes the mistake of make a stupid tackle or tryna be funny..
I hope so cuz I just blasted him on instagram
I'm a life-long resident of Baltimore. We need a new arena, however the idiots that run this town have held it up for years
Its never to late to chase a dream
Thank god its friday!!! :)
No prob. I tried many, many places. You could find a friend in that city and use his/her address on your resume for starters.
I can't watch this train wreck anymore.. I know Jill has fans and support but this is horrible
": Pina Colada flavored Hostess Snowballs #FakeSnacks" I would devour these!!
No! Who is she?
Yellow shoes vs green shoes.
I seriously cannot wait for tomorrow! I finally get to see my big brother :) It's been way too long
why am i craving ramen these days?
Watching Madea movies(:
I'm gonna break into the breakfast supply room and jack their Apple Jacks!
no clue!!!
Had a very good day ;)
not too many - are we in season?
OMG no way! I'm gonna try to recreate it tomorrow. Her ham is one of my fave things about Christmas :) Missing you all!
lmfao that's terrible! XP
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
And you Laker STANs tweeting about the Heat seem to have forgotten that they lost by 29 last nite...ë #NeverForget LMAO
Join us today Grace Boutique at Keystone at the Crossing Fashion Mall at 2 for the first #midwestfashionweek show!
Haven't been in person in ages; watching and they're in double overtime 1-1 w/ the Rangers.
John Halamaka: at Beth Israel most physicians buy their iPad themselves. Interesting!
#WeWontWork if you don't pay attention to me
So John Travolta's first accuser drops his lawsuit...hm
Hey you. Wrote and recorded my first song on Friday. Ha!
Don't live beyond ur means.
Of course Raburn has actually had a chance to shine. Santi gets a start every 10th day and PH in tough situations.
Every business needs cash to succeed and grow. An excellent method to help the entrepreneur to grow their business is factoring.
Tweeting about today as well as our new series The next Youtube rising start that starts Monday with #NewMusicMonday!
Byrdak-street Boys
I need a #ShoutOut. I'm new with this User.
I tend to avoid the store. I wish I could buy all of it.
Be on the lookout for some new "Music Inspires" campaign videos featuring the band as well! And go support them on the #nogutsnoglory tour!
Sparano is the OC. of the Jets.
Giants gashing the Pats on the ground...
If LG is an appliance brand to you... We're not friends. It's LADY GAGA.
Woot! Woot! You're a Golden Flyer now!
Our dreams are who we are.
Thanks Ken! We're really excited about it!
Hard works pays off!!!!!
just wanted to let you know that yer on my syllabus this week... : )
You are ordered to watch #opb right now. They're showing Alone In the Wilderness. Badass old guy builds a cabin by hand, etc. Worth seeing.
Lets go
good morning loves <3
Chilling with my roomates
And we all know Black men are never falsely accused, right?
I'm just a bullshitterrr so calm down boo.
Did you try eBay or as yet?
so everyones saying justin bieber now is taking a test to see if a 4month old kid is his,and selena might be pregnant..what is going on? lol
I seriously have a crush on Chris Brown. I'm willing to roll with the punches of our relationship...hehe
Outcome Learning webinar poll question asking how important to map eLearning to business goals. 88% said this is of the utmost importance!
Chilling out downtown. Glad works done.
we just be rappin n shit
so i take it the trailer was raw af lol
I live in NYC--Bed-Stuy right now, maybe LES in a month or two.
When was the last time he checked? MT : POTUS on Ike: "Last time I checked he was a very popular Republican."
Well damn, I guess I just figured it out...
starting from scratch. RIP USB :( my life was on that thing :( really, bc computer w/ back-up files died about a month ago :( :( :(
Tempura Banana...Simma's Cheesecake...Tempura Ice Cream...Simma's Chocolate Cheesecake...Mochi Ice Cream Balls...
Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.
Hate to break it to ya hun, but being a jerk gets you no where.
IM LOOKING AT PROM SHOES IM GOING TO ASK MY BROTHER WHICH ON HE PREFERS! I NEED TO SHOW YOU BUT THERES LOADS!xx
Oh! Me! Pick me! Oh wait. I have an appointment I have to leave for in 30 minutes. Can I do 500k30m? :)
haha thanks. I have a lot more specific direction for talks 1-3 if you need any clarity. Let me know how I can help!
Yay! RT Everything became possible because of #KLYES and !! :D I will forever be YES AFSer :)
We create our lives with our thoughts. What are you thinking about?
I really want to join the Summer Math Program. But the place is far p__p Why does it have to be far >_<
me too, it's so weird! It's the first sunny day in a while so.. I think that is helping.
okay bye :)
Can't believe it here im leaving school for good:'( #imamissyouall:'( fancy giving me a hug? cause i need one:'( x
Our NYC office is looking for a Level 1 Help Desk Analyst for our IT dept. Interested? Tweet back to us and let us know!
Already thinking about lunch. Crispy Braised Beef Tongue Sandwich, Gruyere, Pickled Carrots, Spinach, Horseradish Dijon Mayo on Dark Rye.
Following on twitter is like tipping a hooker for smiling.
The problem with winter sports is that - follow me closely here - they generally take place in winter. - Dave Barry
"RG3" may have an arm, but he can't use it when he keeps getting sacked
follow back?;)
Prayed God's Words & Love will Shine thru U @ Retreat as the sun shines thru the trees in Mornin'! :)
ok, ok. We can wait. I hope you like hot dogs.
I am extremely EXCITED for April! Thanks lady, you're the BEST too! :))
Saturday at 10, the Old Market will be turned into a Charles Dickens-inspired village. We'll have a hot cocoa booth set up, stop by & enjoy!
thank G. I couldn't agree more.
By doing just 4 things-eating well, being active, not smoking & keeping a healthy weight– you can lower your risk of heart disease by 80%.
RT “: Im the kinda girl that would love to be yours if you asked me to.”
I don't think you realize what you mean to me, not the slightest clue.
Drinkin' the coffee, listenin' to the X (3rd LP), watchin' the snowfall, wonderin' about it all....
Tune Into Hot 107.9 #OBSESSIONS TUESDAY GOT A LIL BIGGA S/o To #Campaign & #MYKKOMONTANA LIVE! #241DJz Host x #YunggDayDay241 ....
My show
Negative thoughts lead t negative actions
Mr. New Paltz is thrilled
so hungry, has barely eaten all day..
lol i remember my first beer
It is time we got the health care we deserve, not the care the insurance industry is willing to let us have.
“: Phila Daily News: "(Paterno) will be in every classics seminar that talks about honor and obligation"
no shows til last week of December. But send us your email and we'll send you our new single before its released.
where my power?! lol
thats the whole reason i moved lol
I'm great buddy! Lol MWP does that. It doesn't even surprise me no more lol how you been?
let's pop some bottles!!
-were all just going up and going our seperate ways :] thats a good thingg
What matters is not the length of the wand, but the magic in the stick.
I would do alot of things ;)
We roast most coffee to light levels, but have started to add roast level and finishing temps to our descriptions.
Airport board agenda, Feb 9: Proposed parking fare hike, taxi trip fees & likely rejection of $1 million suit by cabbie over trip fees.
I really want some1 to start sharing my journey with. In no rush but it'd be nice. I need to cut off men wasting my time n look for quality.
Loving 's webinar on his book, The Social Media Strategist. Great combo of humor and insight.
I hope our moms-to-be had fun tonight with at ! How were those fabulous giftbags!??
Every time I enlarge an avi it looks completely different from what I inagined.
DAMN I MISSED MY EXIT!
morning back at ya!!! Have a good Saturday :)
If I'm Miami, I deplete the entire roster besides LeBron and Bosh, trade Wade for value and start over
in Seattle for the first time :D
If you flood my TL with religious & politicals RT's, I have to unfollow.
Thank YOU! Bagels were fabulous!!!
why does MTV insist on keeping Russell Brand relevant?
RT : We are the Champions!!
My money is on Money
If I won the lottery, I'd buy out Arroyo's contract.
Aussae passe domeaveau sacre bleau im so in love with you its like the first time i saw you it was love at first sight # comin soon
I'm recruiting fetuses for Arbutus Cheerleading now. I told you guys I'm an overachiever.
Baltimore, although that'd never happen in a million years. I'd actually like to see a team in Hartford again.
nice work on image awards.. can't wait to hear your new tracks.. we gotta finish that piano track we started in 2011.lemmeknow?
I see :) We have kinda solutions that you can come korea or I can go to Japan :p hahah. I'm studying in my univ :(
I used to live there. Very "small town" atmosphere. Hm
Affect in general, or only when it is used correctly as a noun?
"Colin Munroe Is The Unsung Hero" was such a good mix tape, too bad this hippie ain't put out another tape yet
Sent you an email through your site. Hope what I had to say makes a lot of sense. Thanks.
Im about to blow
no one can act fake forever one day you will see there true colors and rememebr it
Want to name chrctr "Harry Diadem" but 50 yrs too late. "Eternal Fire" by Calder Willingham.
It been time for what's owed to be paid back... in full at that...
nope my supervisor said we can file til the power comes back on...
Thanks for the RT!
we miss you guys!!!!! see you in june <3
Ok. Pain is starting to get the best of me.
#ACMs ? HEY that's 's initials :D <U+2764> Austin Carter Mahone <U+2764>
Saw what yesterday? Did you make reservations for restaurant week? Looking for a place to go tonight:)
Thanks! Miss you!
Can u provide brown rice and bigger portions?
w8 your joking or real talk
“: happy birthday love ” thank you
Perfect day to stay home and rock an AbFab marathon
i'm done , suicidal to this education system , pass me the gun.
Just to keep everyone updated well be posting videos from The Chance very soon! Weve got big things to be announced very soon. Love you all!
u better request me as ur waitress lol
Hey guys, I'm so sorry I've been gone. I have a lot of things going on personally right now, but I think I'm back! I've missed y'all (:
Thanks for the RT~
Lemon Meringue!~
I expected more, idk I should've just waited, maybe one day I'll get those movie hugs :)
is a little piglet!
tweet dude! :D
little Rihanna pandora to start the day
Movie. Might as well
yeah. but seems like long time since he seriously pursued. & now probably Seattle's jumped Houston, if Quebec hasn't already
Fingers crossed!
Man complaining on the 66 from Harvard Sq re: "socialist crazies." Not too much sympathy on
Where do I find the article about "Madonna generates buzz for slacklines"??
never mind in my "down syndrome voice"
Haven't seen a game turn this quick in some time. Neither team led by more than 6 in the back and forth first half.
#youknowyoughetto when you have a president who fist pumps
We'll lure them to a dark alley with promises of DOING NOTHING AT ALL.
I just elbowed a rather large black man in the face...
no read the comments. I promise you.. you have no proof when we clearly do...
Sure! Be comfortable :) RT ": should I wear my yoga pants to the game?"
Sometimes life leads you down a different road... when you’re holding on to someone that you gotta let go.
My new favorite thing: garfieldminusgarfield.net
tell them Bitches wudup!
massage starts next week! I should be done in a month- crossing fingers!
Hanging out @ Phat Phashuns in SWATS for the Grand Opening, a lot of hott women in the house and waiting for the strippers. 3050 MlK Jr. ...
that's awkward bro! Haha but pretty funny too!!
Does The Book of Eli have another chapter in it?
Heading out for the night. Have a fabulous weekend!
Ohh, thats right! Well, I'm looking as possibly heading back out of town that weekend but morn or afternoon would be dandy!
at least she worked from the bottom up to make it in life TRUMP. She made it with talent..u...dads swimmers!
Excited about the new thing God is going to do in RYM this summer. Get ready to dig and connect deeper!
Invisible touch by Genesis is why I wear headphones at the grocery store.
hehe.. inform about it. they might convey it to Karthik
is playing tomorrow! Come sing along! I wanna hear just how loud you can get Nashville!!
PARTY TIP: Come play a show in Milwaukee!
Ohh my gawd, for real for real I have never been more upset at Ru in my whole life. I am dying to see who won!!
should be following you man, the app I got finally started working
Quit being immature
After yesterday's exquisitely mild day, we can't get the impending spring off our minds! Who played hooky and did something fun?
Oh thank you! Its nice to be home...for now haha ": Welcome to the 321"
I'm not going to get on your case about not texting back or quick enough , I'm just simply going to tell you to stop fucking with me.
still early :(
: Wow - talk about windy! The good news is, the wind will be gone tomorrow, just in time for Holiday Stroll. And maybe snow
I needed someone to go with me :/ lol my mom got like 30 tickets! Wish I would've know! Lol
where to find an #old #house in #north #portland for sale that has lots of original character?
very cool! we will definitely be tuning in
will be in the building at Privae nightclub...RSVP with Mesha_08 @ I wanna see #TeamDiamonds there!
"Are you okay? You're really blinking..."
the marketplace should handle the balance of licenses/royalties - compulsory licenses to cumbersome
Thanks ma I need your info again
Shut up, which one?
Come on Fish!!! Battle for a JJ W!!!!
Why am I even at Fenway Park right now. There is NOBODY here.
now it's "I'm faded...faded...faded...faded" haha
I love #Google #calendar, cut and paste! Twallah! Finished! I think I might need a hobby? I'm getting excited about my calender? *concerned*
Gettin things together sis, I'm planning to be there though.
Definitely should've went to bed at a decent time last night
Happy Birthday Scott.
in bottles again?! There goes my tax refund.
Happy to see more yoga quotes. Thanks for the follow!
Come to tonight to watch & perform live!
got 2nd copy of book.BFF Need to read it. He told me I am beautiful & need me but the ex kept hanging around. New guy &outlook
hop the fuck off my dick, dude.
So sad. RT : Legendary CBS newsman Mike Wallace has died. He was 93 -
Spring time in Arizona, anything better than that man? Spring break on the horizon and spring training! How bout Big D?
Aaron Rodgers, male athelete of the year. Go Bears
he's strong for his size & creates passes or turnovers at will. Getting Mosquera or Futty back will only help him
I want something to do.
RT : <U+27BC> <U+27BC> To touch the earth is to have harmony with nature. ~ Oglala Sioux Indians // what we can learn, embrace and teach
Lazy Friday, literally been reading all day. I could get used to this
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when the most ugliest girl at school is apparently the hottest chick out there. -_-
Looking forward to join #occupychi this afternoon at 3.30. If you are tired of living in fear, join us!
sorry. We were hacked.
I need a bedtime story
President of Wyndham Vacation Rentals North America to Speak at Mountain Travel Symposium 2012
Unexpectedly seeing a coworker's ass crack is never a pleasant experience.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, concerned citizens can change world
Sublime Text Editor has a vi ("vintage") mode, if you want a shallower learning curve, but still want copy/paste, etc.
Programmers, Artist, Designers, Animators - wanted for a number of projects contact .uk
I totally agree, now I know why g-mothers are great, they learned from their mistakes
So y'all just be drinking these green smoothies every day and not spitting them back out? I guess I'm doing it wrong.
Anyways, today, 4/19, is #BicycleDay, the day that marks the first ever LSD trip by Swiss chemist Albert Hoffman. He also created the drug.
ats up baby girl
lol u had it coming
Yesterday was long. Today is relaxing and tommorow should be fun :)
Right now on the TJMS: Jacque Reid is going Inside Her Story!
“ IF U THICK STAND UP”
TRAFFIC ALERT: Head on crash w/injuries at Hwy. 51 and Gray/Town of Windsor. Hwy. 51 now TOTALLY CLOSED in the area. Use alternate route.
"Merrily We Roll Along"
Don't take northen state pkwy east. Horrible traffic. Two accidents. Great!, now I'm late.
Go to the lady in Salem!! It's only $40 for 15 mins and she was legit
Thanks to all of our loyal customers who voted us "Favorite Restaurant- East" in San Diego Reader's Restaurant Poll!
we like to max it at 8 ppl per team.
Trick-ass marks, punk bitches, and skip scap skanks, and scallywags
just a small mention of flame retardants, but i was pretty shocked when i heard it.
that was also a major reason why I left MySpace too!
Speaking of, I've always wanted to have a THATCamp with an evening THATCampfire. That would be pure awesome.
Good morning to you We plan on rocking today even if we're not playing music....BRING THE ROCK!
I effin hate u
Mimi... I enjoy watching you on the show, but sweetie, I just don't think u can rock the title of BAD GIRL.
thx for tweeting this simone link, just got a copy of emily's great paper. good seeing you at the conf, catch you soon!
is it just me or does Oscar the grouch look like a big pile of weed?
#GreatnessIs caring for children in need.
Go and check out The Greatfull!!! Freakin tight!!!!!
Doesn't make it hurt less.
I need to get unlazy and go get me a drink.
I LOVE the feeling of a clear inbox (you know, without the scroll) and a clean desk. #success I can sleep well tonight. :)
RT - NFL Jacksonville Jaguars RT Eben Britton (back surgery) is still targeting Week 1 for his return
need some advice, ran across your profile and thought you might be able to help. Follow me and get back to me when you can.
closing out sxsw w/Alejandro & friends @ Continental. Peter Buck waiting to go on.
this dude mad at me cuz i never replied to his message lol he can staay mad idgaf.
Ann Romney is Jiminy Cricket. Guess who is Pinocchio?
oh! just realized i missed tweets :(
TGIF, gettin ready for work then gettin my shape-up after.
Enjoy a warm up with Prime Rib Chili or some tasty Tomato Bisque Soup today for lunch!
how pumped are u about attending the most kickass wedding of your lifetime next month
There are SO many people in this world... I'm 100% sure that I will be fine without you.
u ok?
Holy crap. This is my favorite moment since promo. OMG.
just moved to mesa, so I will find you at the park and get that autograph. I get the ball you get
The Warriors will lose wither they like it or not! LOL
This kitten is amazing. I know all kittens are awesome, but this one is 100% pure distilled joy.
Okay -Loving it - buying Vanessa Williams [ ] #YouHaveNoIdea book! At 48 years old - I grew up with Vanessa. BRAVO hun!
Michael Buble's Christmas album is heaven on Earth <3
My wife is off teaching someone how to do #genealogy. So I am home working and watching the #WDYTYA twitter-stream.
Round the Rock is this Sunday. Forecast - 80's and sunny. Sweet!
ok just tell me who is it about? so i can get excited lmao!!!xDD
go private*
Great profile pic. So cute!
I'm ready !! RT : Today is the day - 9 hours until the release of the
had supper with Cliff Carlson, KON, Mark Piekarcz. Mark refered to me as, "Crazy Brian." Hmm. Hi, Karen Cook and Patrick Canady.
Those pictures are not on FB, just so you know ;'pp & where were you today!?
send me the info! Do u have my email?
Follow us please :)
Call me maybe. or just follow me.. that would be cool too.
Why are you blocked, dude?
Good morning! Who's coming out to Action Item on the 28th?!
I wish I had Molly :(
talking about the worst library losses, EVER. obviously includes Library of Alexandria *tear*
Just got off the course and am enjoying dinner with Marci and Hayden.
Damn i hate Court
NYC is packed rite now....stuck in traffic
wow that brings back some serious memories lol yes THE Kokomo :)
that is actually pretty interesting the next type of sms
It's May Day. Shouldn't it be a beautiful day filled with frolicking and ribbons?
hi gabby
Great to see on Twitter. THE Authoritative source for info about political collectibles.
s/o to everyone who filed they
Last night playing with Placebo's Rob Schulzberg was amazing. Hard hitting, In the pocket and a taste for IPA. A grade A jam buddy!
Really?? You're not gonna play it?!?! Dumb!!!
Turn around bright eyes.
Saving calories for taco night with and the girls.
Follow back please ? :)
With a sore throat :(
I know it's tough. I don't watch movies often any more. I watched an hour each in 2 nights.
That's a wrap! Miss us live? Check out #SonoranLivings website later today to learn about Pinterest for business.
shouldn't you be fishing??
i dont want to go to school tmmrw ; i'm litt. about to have an anxiety attack.
hey steveO where can i get the audio of the thanks for the sex cards haha cant find it anywhere!?!?
What said - it's 120 in the shade, at 5am. Not sure that's better than cold, overcast skies, and actual seasons :)
If you suspect someone is an HCP, just respond more carefully ... this person may have less self-control than you do.
don't stop retweeting and tweeting to her she will follow back.
quit tweeting at eork
shawna that big pillow what was he's name lol
What? You can't hear me? Oh, that's because there's insane construction noise from below our office! #annoyed!
Yes Lawd!!! But that's better the TX heat. I'm originally from Philly. However, I've been in Dallas for 20 yrs! Hot as Hell
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh: DC Adapter Change on motherboard for Asus UX50v (Best Buy Edition)
God dammit pizza sounds good
how can anyone read that in public! Ha
It's never to late to start over.
Rise and shine beautiful!
so true, but it in the air blessings
then you better hope nothing happens,.
alright bae , I'm about t take a shower , so you can take it at 11 or 1115 or sol meeting any is going to watch kobe for me
Obama signing STOCK Act at 11:50 am Wednesday. Will be interesting to see which lawmakers are there for it
Don't worry guys I got this #lostusthegame #teamonmyback good work out there
HANK IS A 1ST ROUND PICK AND TODAY IS HIS COMING OUT PARTY
Un un un girl xD
"Why fit in when you were born to stand out?"
Peter Drucker Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower
It seems like everytime I'm really bored, nobody texts me, and whenever I'm busy, like 8 people text me.
I miss you too..
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of comp
Morning tweethearts! Up early and bout to go workout. Had a wonderful time last nite and ready again for tonite. Keeping a smile on my face.
ugh. Cannot wait.
Non-Union by choice in a Union State(MN).Refuse to have my $ support the lefts agenda (dues=campagn$).Please support independant biz owners.
What,s a good website To DownLoad Music for Free?
I decided on the "Matty Ice= Mr.Softee" sign.
Been keepin myself busy. Only way to do it. Orderin me a tablet from HSN tomorrow
Waiting Heathcliff this morning. I forgot all about this show and how great it was. Next will be Voltron! Haha, i know im a dork!
Lotta trees in Dixmont, ME. Not much more. Maybe moose...
At University of California Riverside Alumni reception. Nice to connect with fellow Highlanders.
My mom just witnessed a princeton nerf wars attack
Wednesday nights this Fall on CW will have new drama #Arrow and #Supernatural! Thursday has #TVD and new show #BeautyandTheBeast!
Just sampled a beer-battered banana from Puulleeeze tell me they're doing this again this week. Amazing eats.
I'm lovin' all your tweets. We're down here driving from leg to leg of the relay.
By the way, how are you doing?
Music is revolutionizing!
Time for a second caffeine fix of the day. I ask you fellow tweeters...What do you order at #Starbucks ?
I agree w u 100%. Maybe not my fave art, but I respect her intent & integrity. Most crit 2day is dull descrip - this caught my eye.
my 5 month old loves his sleep sheep (rain setting of course)! One problem: it shuts off, he wakes up. Unhappy baby. Unhappy mom
8 year olds today have Facebook, Twitter, iPhones, & iPods. When I was 8, I had a coloring book, crayons and an imagaination.
does a cult without a gift shop just show lack of foresight?
What would be your victory story? Focus on this- nothing else. Write it out.
Thanks boo..HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO U TOO!!
fuck getting tired o twitter already
My 5th great-granddad was a Hessian soldier, too! Became George Washington's personal bodyguard after the Hessians switched. :)
gotta be able to hold me down when im gone
Without the love of God, there really is no love.
Were they sheriff deputies making arrests or were they SD Police? Don't spark mob anger vs the wrong ppl.
Halloween all weekend at Amber, we can't wait to see costumes!!
What is America's common purpose? I thought it was to realize the dream of the individual. Now I thinks it is to be entertained.
is hosting poi class tonight at C-HAG, 6-7:30pm, drop-ins welcome, $15! Object manipulation practice follows at 8-10pm. 1208 W Marshall St.
Dr. Funke's 100 Percent Natural Good Time Family Band Solution
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Go Kentucky!
not lately.
Just got in a cab that has water bottles & candy in his back seat pocket for his customers.
Invisible Children because they came to our school 2 yrs ago & I'm in the African service project this yr & we help them a lot
TheatreSports Practice tonight at 7pm! Last chance to bulk up those improv muscles before the big show on Friday.
Minimum: if DD doesn't know about DR tweets and GSU story get some1to do that. I'll Volunteer.
Whenever people are rolling dice in D&D, it always looks like they're jerkin' it.
#Badgers are 6-for-6 in the NFL Draft, as former UW punter Brad Nortman gets drafted by Carolina with the last pick of the sixth round
text me doll?
I dear you O_o
I’ve never been to New York. Whenever I see a movie set in New York, the streets look like a river of Yellow Cabs.
Closing at 4 but we'll be open with the full menu from 11pm-3am. Awww yeah it's Friday
Sounds like you need to tweak your photos using some sort of photo editing software. But I agree with you!
Plenty of adults I know do, though the latter usually involves some kind of imbibed substance.
I thin I will start my run w some old-school Bon Jovi today. I'm feeling very "arena rock"y this morning....
I miss the old you. But the old you died away.
I will
Great to spend time in NYC last weekend. Amazing city with such deep influence. Pray for revival through the church in New York.
U Smile I Smile .
Want to follow someone new? Try !
RT - What went wrong with the titans offense against the jacksonville jaguars?
would like to wish every one a safe and happy St. Patty's Day!! We can't wait for the parade tomorrow!
thanks, guys! :)
When the music shuts off , I turn it back on...
Working on all these new jams. Anyone coming out to a show ? We are soon announcing some of our FL dates.
You shouldn’t take life to seriously. You’ll never get out alive.
S.W.A.G = Something.Wonderful.Alli.Got
I know! She so would have done that!
No way! The guy from the Kingsford bag COULDNT be wrong!!!
I Be 2 FADED Call It A Taper !
Downtown shooting!
I'm MATURE enough to forgive you, but i'm not DUMB enough to trust you again.
peyton manning in denver
"I got a body like a cyclone!" .... Charlotte, it's she moves her body like a cyclone.
Thanks 4 the RT : “: True friendship consists not in the multitude of friends, but in their worth and value.
Packers are still beast no matter the loss GO Pack Go!!
RT What will Earth Day 2012 look like? Take a photo on April 22nd where you are and help us capture the moment....
Oh Menagerie how I`ve missed you. Thanks Ricky for such a fun night full of shopping, drinks, & good convo. Te amo.
seeing the avengers !
so are we drinking once i get out of my test at 8 or what you swarthy scalabrine?
Ampersand issues
Go #Follow ! She Supports #MNMusic !
let us know what you need, if you're still looking for catering!
Picking 60-mph bugs out of my whiskers. M tasty noms.
I want to watch the fight not play cards. WTF
Aa bonus only one on the jogging track!
So you invite someone to perform at a show case, and the entertainment are the first people here #huh!!!!!!
Had to write an essay for a job application. That's a new one. :-)
I wouldn't bother reading the comments either. Your new comment system is a clusterfuck.
thank you!
text app
any chance you'd want to talk to KARE 11 about your upcoming weekend with the Vikes? :-)
Happy Easter everyone!! "He has risen!" I hope everyone enjoys spending time with your family and friends on this special day! God is great!
You are my idol! I will always be a Mahomie, I give you my Love & Support. #YEE,,, Follow Me^-^
Hi there, send some cookies my way please!!
Waiting in line at the post office <<<<
It's too good to be true but someday it will come true. We'll see.
every day is a new day to work on something else... :)
Getting head on a porch. A mid-west thing.
My mama singing Cash Out.... she said "right on With that needle" instead of riding round with that nina #DEAD rofl
Only 3 days until my birthday. Trying to decide how to celebrate. I need something new and exciting in Atlanta. Any ideas? Tweet me!
Hilarious! RT : Sending out my first twit on tweeter
link to co video online today will show you all, please give comments
Good game!
OK badger hoops. Are we for real? 15. Buckeyes will be the first test
- Music Row near the roundabout. Come check it out sometime!
- a dropbox folder is now available for the twitter assignment. Thanks for asking!
Followup to last tweet.."i ain't sayin dat yu owe a n***a but act like yu kno a n***a" - Trick Daddy
Baby it's not just you. You know it hurts me too... ): When you're sad we are too, so smile! (: You know you wanna!(;
The Playbook is awesome
fur sure!!!! Ready for SUMMER!
Mann I wish Steven Tyler would serve and greet me at Burger King
OMG! If these bird's dnt stfu Imma them oil muthafukas out tha damn tree! # were my pistol at
You don't look a day over fabulous, I like that
Plyometrics. That workout wears me out. Shhhwooo
Sounds good. Keep up informed when you want to come!
back on track! Went to 48th/49th and forest home last night. Looking to pick up the pace! Any followers want to go sometime?
love you G!
u better b careful
I can't take much more of this hold music.
AOWP - Angry old white people. RT Every time a Carl DeMaio supporter tweets a photo, all you see are old white people.
I'm layibg on the couch with sun glasses on, you know the usual.
Nobody knows that #SaySomethin is trending for Austin -____-
thanks for the reminder of this classic
currently last Christmas Taylor swift (:
when I think about you, I think about 17
Falling asleep in the sun >>
Contraceptives are available to all in every state. No one "denies" contraception to anyone in any state.
nice meeting you yesterday pretty girl!
Loved your music video. Will be sharing it on my blog Sunday. Bless you.
I JUST WANNA SEE U STRIP! !!!! (GODD DAMN YOU SEXY)
Oh my lord, this day needs to be over with!
oh shit this will be the lead story on espn.
I'd honestly be better off dead.
Revere will officially launch in #Boston on Wednesday, April 18th! The same day that Paul Revere embarked on his infamous ride
RT : Don't let a hater affect your career,goals,dreams,determination,hope,faith,and/or well-being."
Thank you very much. Is there a way you can support better repayment plans for those of us who are sick/disabled?
#operationrepo this show is crazy
Cafe milano - possibly the shittiest service in recent memory
I keeps hearing a loud SQUEAK lol
awkward moment when u see the video from CALL ME MAYBE and u decide to do even more than giving ur phone number #gayguyprobs lol
I think i missed the bus!! :-O
#KeyMarkX4 twitter cert class this morning. Participate by following hashtag above. 1st round of questions @ break in about an hour.
Working on my roar
Awww shit.. Can't nobody tell me nothing! My Parents told me I was a "Planned Baby".. That makes me better than most of yall!
What's the weather out your way Tweeters? Got some extra rain to spare?
Yep, did you see the email track notes!?
Opening Day is Jim Keckley donut day in memory of the markets 1st president. 12 new vendors, 64 total. All food, no crafts Saturday 8-12:30
I'm pretty sure he started...
Mount Athos, widely chronicled yet inaccessible. Veronica della Dora () maps Mount Athos in the popular imagination.
Agreed. To this very day, old Gn'R remains one of my favorite bands.
Need to get on this new mixtape but need some beats smh I'm Gnna start buyin beats
He had heard people speak contemptuously of money he wondered if they had ever tried to do without it.
Politely listening to someone tell me I drink too much coffee while she crams her daily half pound of bacon down her gullet.
Woe to those now scrambling for Valentine's Day ideas. There's always frozen yogurt, you guys. Nothing says "I LOVE YOU" like yogurt.
thanks-appreciate the comment!
Rocking out to the Pokemon song here at registration.
YOU GUYS ROCK! keep well & keep up all the GOOD! pls email me & let's collaborate to help more peeps!!
About to watch dominate the mile run though!
Attach your social media policy to revenue per
yeah man!
That was the first thing I tried too 8-). Worked fine for me. Copied the RWTS into HGR ram (C600-FA) & changed JMP->BRK.
Great line from Ed Sanders's _Shards of God_: "Anyone who doesn't love and respect Allen Ginsberg is a dipshit." #totalassaultontheculture!
So freaking lame (scary).
Trip in the box!
break a leg! & whatchya workin on?
Sometimes my teeth hurt when I play guitar.
is doing it with honor and harmony.
Extra BIG Happy 1st Bday wishes to our Dub Selekta fam over in Canada! <3
Sometimes I just wanna say "Hey you get outta my life!" and then #poof!
BLT Baguette, Roast Beef Havarti & Onion, Chicken Caesar Salad, & Cheeseburger Mac & Cheese -- All delicious options this week!
Hungry for steak
Ok my boyfriend is the cutest thing ever!!..."I saved you part of my pb&j sandwich" just adorable
On air, "Today" seems perfectly fine: I will see if we can add the date to the podcasts -Thanks!
Sitting at Tonkin Acura. Waiting. Patiently.
thank you for the great dinner tonight!
New merch idea- Elli Perry coozies. I'm pretty sure that's what we call a gamechanger.
Ferrets ftw ;)
lol, yea what u cookin??? :) o Damn in cali... What part???
Totally yesterdays best! Thats why cologne, sunglasses, & hats were invented
Start flipping tables.
I love listening to mrs.kostals narritives .shes too funny
...As make the angels weep; who, with our spleens, Would all themselves laugh mortal. -Measure for Measure
it def wasn't... We bust y'all private school ass in high school in every sport if we played y'all...
Yeah luv no problem, I'm a singer too, I got music on my youtube, But I'm actually gonna start making videos of me singing<3
dis gust ing disgusting and then I will throw in an ill gross!
Going to Orlando, Florida tomorrow! See you at Citrus Bowl! 6:40pm-9:40pm with Justin Bieber
...and the countdown until #Hawaii continues... T-minus 6 days y'all!!
No, but I would love to :)
Bored out of my mind right now
": #SometimesAllAGirlsWants is shoes & food."
I knew that. RT : You know more than you think you do. ~Dr. Benjamin Spock
I'm a stop smokin until I get my shit together
A child's greatest period of growth is the month after you've purchased new school clothes.
ok gonna go do homework. gotta get them two f's up. not that anyone cares. whatever
It's a fact, #Creed is the greatest band in the world
I know...happens quite frequently. Sad how people get out of college without learning how to right! ;-)
im 16. & pretty sure I could if i wanted.
So pumped for this pacers game tonight!
uh cause we're badass bro!;D
We need to talk .. now please .. ):
With & Byanka. (: Gonna be a fun night.
so i go on you-tube to learn my chherleading rouitine and i end up spending an hour just watch videos, ....
President Obama: "the time will come when few people remember drinking from a colored water fountain"
"Mr. Know It All" is #7 tonight? Awesome! I love on
RT : I understand Twitter needs to make money with these promoted tweets, but are we sure it won't turn into more spam posts?
What a day! Played a sweet show, spontaneously decided to buy some new live sound stuff and play a house concert, AND...got called a cougar
Rocking the bright orange today
thumbs up. Now how bout some ice cream?
Thieves steal Derby's Christmas lights - BBC News Thieves steal Derby 's Christmas lights BBC News The switch-on of Derby 's festive illu
Dustin might be
...and I'm eating a HoHo
It's Nat'l buffet day!
Went from celebrating a big win by the #Bears last night to wakin up with the news that we possibly lost #JayCutler for the season
Chipper Jones.
What show are you at Timmy ?
Offering Holiday Moonwalk Specials to Houston through December.Christmas Day Special includes drop off day before & pickup day after -Free!
Fuck My Life , its Careers Day -_-
Thanks for following! I hope the #BizExpo planning is coming together!
This whole Miky thing is going to kill me..
MT : Publisher Bob Hall tells Inquirer staffers co. 'doesn't have a digital strategy,' confirming what most of us already know.
Photos of "girls night out" are also acceptable, especially if you get WASTED.
text me when you're at DMB!
Pick up this weeks LA Business Journal at your favorite newsstand. Special section on winners/nominees at Corporate Counsel Awards.
Q5. PowerPoint smart art is great for combining words with graphical elements and effective diagrams.
New business model for an emergent market of cultural conscience and social perspectives
Stay tuned we will be giving away a Family 4 Pack this Friday: Diamond club tickets and Balloon Memorabilia! Who wants to win?
Those are the type of people that seek boasting rights for beating it before everyone else. In the end, no one really cares...
Really want to make you mine, I would never mislead you, look how I treat you but girl, you got to give me some time.
It's hard to not dwell when so much is happening, but we must remain strong and forget most of the bullshit that's happening.
random dog out near the fire pit haha. Go steal it
That's amazing!
I hate how people r sayin tht 1D is gay. ITS PISSIN ME OFF. Stop. Louis is gonna be a dad. So Shut the fuck up and have a nice day!
On list of banned words from DoE tests: "In-depth discussions of sports that require prior knowledge" - that's one ban I can agree with
Starving. Must get to Pita Pit with great rapidity.
hopefully the Clippers win on Sunday.
I just saw your tweet about chi comic con...I don't think it'll work since we prob won't be done moving by then.
I was wanting to hear the Guttentaghopclop
That's what she said!
OEP board members and staff will be attending the SCO () Jillian's Story skype event tonight! See you there!
WCT hands down!!
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. - Dale Carnegie
REGGIE REGGIE GEGGIE!!!
Morning! Suns out today, we are thankful because the bad weather comes back again tomorrow.
Damn the Spurs looking hella mad at the Lakers for kicking their ass last week.
Don't they have staff to do that for them?
Because we're the life of the party bby RT : when me and break out in song at a party
#10ThingsThatILike Harry Potter, Glee, , Softball, UK, Lunchables, Kitties, Puppies, Sleep, and old music =]
'It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.' - Aristotle
Time to delete some music
Yea! Pella #Albuquerque is listed once again in #Angieslist Honor Roll 4 Oct. Call / email me to C why (505)225-5538 or
RT : Just met with MINT Community Partner to discuss a possible Wine Tasting event this spring! Get excited...
Congrats to New Member Raffle winners: Tracy, photo session from Houndstooth Photography; and Pat, grooming session with King's Pet Grooming
I got an A+ on my quiz the one day that I didn't go to the review session.. I love life, appreciate the small things!
ReTweet #ChillOrlando to FREE win tickets to this Saturday at Lake Eola Park!
that's a good thing!
#jokes we never expected a black president. How about a mexican president? You'll have all of méxico in da white house.
Someone one Time told me I look like Angelina Jolie. I tried my best not to laugh but I just couldn't help myself.
Shampoo+Conditioner+Bodywash+Toothpaste
I LOVE getting up at four to study
sorry to hear that.. i've been on twitter more than fb lately. i never see u :(
Great bro! How r u and the little one doing?.. RT : how goes it sir?
Lets go !
HAH! Nevermind. I'm all caught up. You go take care of Kathy, Caleb haha
win again, 11 straight!
How am I supposed to move on when every time I see you, I fall that much harder..
I'll have you living life like you should. You've never had it so good
Sounds good, let me know if you need connects with Semi Pro. I know a few owners.
Loved watching the guys in studio B record to tape with the computer off today.
If you'll be at the Int'l Home+Housewares Show, Anupy Singla's demo-ing at the Cooking Theater Monday @ 11am. She'll also be in booth
Teen eating pizza for breakfast on the bus. I want it.
We make it easy for you to contact us,mention for a music-promo.
You've been spot on so far, ppl should pay attention RT : Conf. finals. Spurs > Lakers. Bulls > Heat. Finals: Spurs > Bulls.
Er... “: Ft. Lauderdale had 9.21 inches of rain in April. See ya snow birds, hello skeeters!”
think he knows every fuckin thing .....ummmphhh dnt tell him the sky blue cuz he will research nd tell u wat typa blue ..
m.o.m.: crew defender w/owngoal, yes we can win the east, biggest concern: vermetian substitutions and shaky defense.
If the US is the greatest country, then why do so many people take #drugs? Or are we a great country BECAUSE so many people take drugs??
#Gemini's purpose? To encourage others & teach us how to communicate.
Nothing like a clip of Jessica Chastain shaking a bag of chicken and giggling to make us think she's going to win the Oscar.
I need a new cycle-cross; mine was stolen last year
good lord that's a drive
And a bright red dress!
ah thats kew. Woulda been nice to get a drink but ill be working
i don't even follow u...i didn't even know u tweeted that.
Can you tell me when individual tix go on sale to the public?
its okay. The weekend is gone
The Super Bowl: NFL Player of the Year Gala is being held today at the Scottish Rite Performing Arts Center. Call for tickets: 888-493-0004
Just a reminder today 02/28/11 is the last day to vote for your favorite video in the "I'm Braggin about Rawhide Ranch" www.rawhideranch.com
Haha, so i've been told! :) Did you see the last harry potter?
Rick Pitino~ When you build bridges you can keep crossing them.
I can't ever be brave, cause you make my heart race.
How (Not) to Speak of God - I can't recommend this book enough. Pete is an emerging church pastor of the Ikon community in Belfast, Ireland.
What do you know about Accept for Value?
Karstens does the most with the least
Sad but true: the Zilker Kite Festival has been rescheduled to next week! See you there!
it was delicious! i didn't have heavy cream, so i missed that little piece of wonderful, but otherwise it was perfect.
Ok. I'll be able to provide better details.. I ran into a snag recording my 2nd tune.. still in the works. will email u info
Even through the joy I feel the pain, even in the sun I feel the rain.
Sleepless in San Juan...
RT : RT : If you're gonna play one worded texts with me, don't text me at all.
where u located now?
amazing job with the superbowl definetly the best performance I've seen there and btw Glee is fantastic tonight
Bbq chicken burger w/ lettuce and tomato...sauteed asparagus, onion, and mushrooms for dinner.
Don't tell ME I'm "not making it easy" to find a new dress; I already bought one, you guys are
#TGIF! What are your plans this #STPATTYSDAY weekend?!
It is the responsibility of a designer to inform you of all aspects of a quality lifestyle and health choices are a huge part of them.
I can't imagine having to do that! Kudos to you.
Yayyy!! Goo New Hope!! :)
btw, did you see denise's tv debut on mob wives on sunday haha
I think I've tweeted 500 times in the past week. This is a cry for help.
I don't go to school, but I'm majoring in social studies
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. Scratch where it itches.
And we will again (today;) follow this man!! ---> RT You're my favourite too! I remember you #FF'd me!
one of the best books I've ever read. Would love to hear Mrs. Hertz stories sometime. Crazy too bc it happened around here.
no...not buying a plane. If I can get a group of people to have readings I will go where I can. I'm relying on friends
what did you do to said poloroid might I ask?
Great chatting with you today! RT On the phone with the CTO and found of MuleSoft - 3 million deployment
You should take up a collection. Start with your mother, who had to deal with you when you were a screaming weenie.
I don't like all these "Can't we just get along?" people.
These God damn things I keep receiving about burning fat off is pissing me off!!!
you watching the game anywhere tonight?
#Grizzlies got some
This is for you bloggers...www.ow.ly/7Gu9c
Where is the love for the Honey Badger that started it all!?
Watching someone talk about what they love inspires me to love it, too.
#WhyNow? Why not now? Why wait to order those printed tees & embroidered polos you've been meaning too? Call us 877-244-8813
Congrat! Chicago Bulls.I was born in Chicago. My hometown team.
Food for thought Mashed tots, pumpkin pies, popcorn, corn on the cob, and cranberries were not foods at the 1st Thanksgiving's feast table.
love idea of a #ThatCampThurs ! I'm in!
LOL!!! RT : Dakota Fanning really ?!?! She is the queen of washed out gowns. Who styles this unfortunate soul ??
You want it to feel like Tetris. But sometimes it feels like Jenga.
We love it, too. Thanks for sharing.
He bout to cry awww he tlking.bout he making .a world record about his breath
is looking for good baseball news from the meetings this week.
Everyone please pray for Culkin. He is getting extremely thin and they think he might not make it if he continues this.
okay ,,, question: Saints or Giants ;) "cough" "cough" giants "cough" "cough" ;) ps. follow meh :)
I really dislike Kalia. I wish she was gone a long time ago.
I just made an animalistic nasal-y sound.
damn I thought that was to me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
. Totally! And as a heart attack. Or whatever other traditional play on words you like.
If you ever need an Event Photographer, give me a holler!
RT : Happy Birthday & I will do all of your work today!/ Now that's a great birthday gift!
can you follow me pretty please<3 i love you (: please
AT&T says I am eligible for upgrade!!! Can't wait for iPhone 5 to launch at WWDC next month. Hopefully Apple won't delay it.
I completely understand.
oh no not a runner NOBODY likes them !
Lucky ladies!!!! Thank goodness for that Q or I'd be history
um so were just chillin at Tier last night... #nbd !!!
I don't care what you say, I love those Hornets Mardi GRAS uniforms. They are clearly distracting Lin.
Got me a box of franken-Berry today! Happy as hell :D
Michael Imperioli should replace Andy Rooney when he's done filming these angry old crank tequila commercials
good morning great start little protein coffee to get going
This Thursday the Marketing and Social Media Maven will be our guest on #mediachat! The fun starts at 10pm EST.
Accentuate the positive.
One of our favorite desserts here in CITYCENTRE! We hope you had a wonderful time last night.
AMC's newest book: Outdoors with Kids NYC, launched recently at Prospect Park. 100 activities to get kids & families outdoors!
Haha aww i know. I remember he made me a bracelet and my mom made me give him a hot wheels car. ohh the memories.
The TVs are ready, git on down here for some side splitting laughter! Giddy UP! Double Points from 8-11!
Rise Up Clipper Nation got our backs
Wow the NYC Vet parade was wonderful. More people cheering on the military than last year.
i agree. just not sure what that is... wish more people embraced cremation. also enjoy those video montages at mausoleums.
Arsenal sign new striker! Pikachu!
How many of you young actors live outside of Los Angeles?
After slumbering through a 100 million years we've eventually opened our eyes on an opulent planet, bountiful with life.
Obama campaigning on creating jobs, which he feels is gaining momentum. Well, if you count 11 Columbian hookers, I guess he has a point.
We will be at the #NRAShow in #Chicago on May 5 and 6th demoing the product. We will touch base next week sometime. Send me a DM
no.... You're coming to the game lol
Last year, 11,226,424 books were logged by Summer Reader users. That's enough paperbacks placed end to end to reach from New York to Miami.
Will do...see you at your summer shootout!
im on crutches and i wasnt told i could meet and his dad said i could. i guess thats not good enough
are you in mtown?
Reading Double Dog Dare by for my
Some people aren't meant to be tamed. They need to run free until they find someone just as wild as them. Welcome to Miami nightlife. ;-}
- thanks for the follow Angela!
lmao, that's bad if u can clean ur room for a hour and still not be done. It takes me 5mins to clean mine and I'm a guy. Haha
umm idk ok I guess I have to go to court tmrw morning to c if I need more time in jail and yeah:/
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana white banana party
I AGREE THEY DON'T DESERVE TO SEE YOU BECOME BAD..
#Breaking coach Mike McCarthy announcement "I headed to Dallas to look for the defense that was left there in the Superbowl"!
Everyone make sure to check out for some amazing shades at a great price
Had a dream that I wore a dress and my hair was mid back straight. Thats like 3 years from now. Maybe my best friend was getting married.
Has anyone in SATX received a 2011 voter ID card? I tossed my blue 2010 one but haven't received a new ones in the mail.
A great day for americans. Osama Bin Laden is dead! Glad to know that mine and others sacrifice in efforts to find him have finally came.
golf with my dad and 2 of his friends
Damnit! No #WWHL with this week. I guess I won't be late 4 class anymore for a while ... lmao (-_*)
Been one since I was a kid. My father was a HUGE Rangers fan, used to take me to games.
Happy Birthday SEAN PAUL
Nature's laws are the invisible government of the earth. (Alfred Armand Montapert)
Congratulations! on getting acquired by - Hope it works out well for you guys!
Having a blast working with Sara Allen at Waterstone Consulting on a couple of projects!
Yes very excited to be there and to learn about what everyone is up to!
I think that's right.
That was a gift. Hang on to the damn ball!
My heart literally sunk when he said "oh no-u can't come to my church"--esp after how much he talked about it. it made me wonder..
act like a lady, think like a boss.
I frequently come across jobs that may help some people I know. I will start posting these listings....
I don't know what to say. Yall posed to love one another, not be fighting all the time. But, I know its hard living wit him
Probably a little of both ;-) lol
Excited that wrote part of his presentation at the Gone Wired Cafe
Can I put u on lay-a-way?
Sure thing!
“: Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there. -John Wooden”
Sorry to break the news but there are 3 Erins (plus Aaron and Darren)!!
Pinterest makes you sign up on FB or twitter. I don't want them posting or tweeting for me. :P
Have you ever stopped to think and then forgot to start again?
hello! hope all is well! have a great 2012!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0082>
Oh yes. This can be fun...how'd the meeting with the COO go?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> I forgot I was a guy
#WhenIWasLittle I dreamt of becoming an #artist and when the world told me I couldnt I went off to prove them wrong Now here I am
It confuses me when I'm flowing triplets and all if them put a tweet at the same time!! Haha
trust me you will want to be the onlychild again. i wanted a lil sis. then when i got her i wanted a receipt. lol.
just watched videos of squirrels at a meeting for animal deterrent fencing systems
Clip the hip. Trim the Rim, Flub the Bub, Socks with Crocs, Dykes with spikes.......the nail.
I'll be back for lunch on Thursday at 11:30. Can't wait!
Its friday
I'm in a random good mood even though I have so much to do
how does a nonprogrammer go about finding the best programmer for their idea?
That would be awesome, better get on that! Let me know when you get approved so we can warn the neighborhood :)
Was waiting for you chime in on Jimmy.. How u doin bro..
People will forget what you say. People will forget what you did. But people will never forget how you made them feel.
still cleaning my house from top to bottom. I will take it to 6 am.
"Competition in the wireless marketplace is white hot," said Paul Roth, in testimony before the committee.
thank you for listening!
Great #beautytip in to get best color from neon nails start w/a layer of opaque white polish-then top w/your fave bright shade!
how much will they probably be? Xx
I know! That's really fun in groups as an improv exercise. The funniest things come out!
Golden spoon boy Eric Cantor would put your grandmother out on the street as long as he and his rich buddies can enjoy the life of luxury.
Shrimp Q: when brining & then broiling leave shells on or off? (pg199 of I'm just here 4 Food v2.0 is confusing)
ill be praying for you....
Hell yeah. We need to have a little 1 on 1 game ourselves. Ill dunk on that ass all nite...
Happy Friday! All 3 locations now have Apple Pie, and Egg Nog is coming soon! Come say hi and swirl your fave combo today!
Can a blog be placed on an ableCommerce site, and if so where can I go to learn how?
Good Morning!! Everybody! Today you should have a Cherimoya.
Awesome Mother Monster! I love you!!!!
haha. PS3 or XBOX
Everything is easy on a MAC, it's when you try to do something complicated on a MAC that you wish it was Windows.
I agree since when you purchase the game you basically purchase an ONLINE PASS slot, when you sell the game you sell the slot.
Late dinner after my brothers confirmation
Brilliant! Don't forget to let us know how it goes!
Be sure to check out on 's "Jane By Design!"
AJ Jenkins has played in SF before. He had six catches, 80 yards, TD and a rush for 16 yards in KFH Bowl vs. UCLA in December.
follow before she commits!23
me too!
When most directioners favorite song is WMYB or others My favorite song is Viva La Vida because it's the first song 1D sang together<3
Increasing Your Google AdSense Properly How to make money by
I believe I said I need an iPad for work.
We had a damn good night. Hope you all are enjoying yourselves while being safe out there. -JChuck
I save all year so I can follow my packers in running for number 1 diehard packed fan lol
You sounded amazing on the KCAs!! Can't wait to see you in the summer<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Awesomeness RT : I'm very happy right now…a specific joy made possible by unlimited, unknown possibilities soon to unfold.
RT!! : There's always that annoying person in class that makes stupid corny outbursts and think they're funny... Your not funny
Defense against Threats With a Knife & other Edged Weapons
nice to run into you! Chris Gallant here from BSC days. drop me a line some time at to catch up.
So these feelings im having are intersting...
i do have a extra one though
As my dad refers to it as his job. Lmao that a great influence.
i'm not sure if i'm hungry -__-
The what? I have mothers day 2007 blocked out of my mind.
Sorry about the cloud generator. Playing with ideas for a Digital DNA workshop for Digital Learning Day.
I honestly can't wait for #revenge tonight! It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!<U+2755>
need a change.
hello how's it going :)
I hv one of the best team members ever in Becky O. :') she just helped me 100x over
Q4: Whole Grain Spaghetti w/ garden salad
We're excited too! Let us know what restaurants you end up visiting!
Go Cav! I wish I was in Paris!
Really gotta pee random
Create an account and share your thoughts
it's been a long day and a busy night for all of us :) thanks again for coming out and helping us spread the word
Slots brinkmanship - Baltimore Sun
HP laptop with docking station. Every day I love you less and less.
what made Alex land on her early twenties as her subject matter?
For sure. And if I was making money off something online, I wouldn't want it copied... but it's still a pretty cute video.
Brock Lesner vs John Cena vs The Rock vs Stone Cold
Im really not in the mood to go to school today! Who wants to play hookie with me? lol
lol. You are the luckiest bastard...
TY for the inclusion in your daily!
I thought the issue with Bonnie was invisibility....
yeah it is and haha! I've got nothing against him, I think he's alright, just think some of his fans are a bit weird haha
Dragon Ball Z is as real as it gets. Straight up.
While Republicans stew. Obama is shoring up his base and polishing his image as a liberal. david brooks comment e.g. Obama more libera ...
Thank you for finally getting Jodes on here. Now it's just one more place where she can talk about how she needs a redbull :)
Perhaps. Trying to take notes this time. Some of the technical stuff is new enough to me that it might take a sec to process.
include the whole store then I don't have to fill anything anymore
Does anybody knows what i really hate?
Heading back New York City...
I love when my parents sleep till noon and Ive been up since 8:30.
NBA is Where Amazing Happens! I LOVE THIS GAME! GO MAVS!
Use #netflix + itunes + amazonvideo instead of cable or satellite
Social Community Managers need to be careful not to provoke negative commentary by reacting to constructive feedback.
Seeing my brother's senior mechanical engineering design project makes me the the proudest baby sister in the world. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
This is a great idea! :)
#NMRealEstate Good to see you here.
Branden: yeah the 7 commandments! : yeahh that's right! Me: guys its the 10 commandments you idiots! Both of them: oh!
PROJECT X was an awesome movie. Want to see again next time I'll sneak in some liquor and enjoy the movie again lol. :o)
How I have missed you all:))
People killing & people dieing
Happy mothers day mommy! I'm glad to have a mom. I'm sorry to those who don't have a mom <3
Heading back finally done after a long day and an event that went well. Thanks again to the entire crew
Mayor picks polling locations and has a 4.9.12 DL to submit list to Check back after DL to confirm where you go to vote.
no I won't! Since I wasn't there yesterday lol
It is idle to dread what you cannot avoid. - Publius Syrus
SHORTY ASS IS BEGGIN TO BE FREE FROM THE HOLD THEM JEANS GOT ON IT!
I just thought it was funny that someone called me racist after dating you for like 2.5 secs lol
#Wildomar Council voted tonight to repeal its #EVerify ordinance after Gov. Brown & Calif. legislature banned req the checks in October.
Love my daughter. Hope you had fun. Be good this week
There is this kid next to me and he is hearing girly music and he looks gay.
you said you were going to catch all 9 innings!
Yeah? Why don't we? Hmm. Enjoy going to the xkcd site every so often and catching up, tho.
I can draw, anything you need...www.leocortesstudios.com
AMC running CSI: Miami reruns is like if decided to sell a French roast. Unless it's some kind of hipster irony thing.
Karma is a bitch, but lets hope that bitch is beautiful. ;-)
Huge fan of the VW commercial
I need #Colorado expert assistance! Is it Coloradoans or Coloradans (what I use)?
haven't seen you around for a minute. Everything cool man?
Wow its only 230...
CEO space almost over :,(
are any experienced B2B #Sales reps looking for a new #job? If so, please send your resume to ! I'd <3 to #help!
Are you starting up something of your own or will you be joining a team down there?
Beer prices at Hilbert bars: TOTALLY REASONABLE
I must not lie, I'm thoroughly impressed with your incognito outfits.
I'm naked without a neckerchief.
I don't have time for school.
I have hit new heights of procrastination today.
Picked up a copy of the Hunger Games to see why everyone is so crazy about it. Read the entire book in one sitting.
RT : AWESOME book club last night! Thanks so much to National Director for being a part of it!
Such a good one! Movie + S'mores part 2, next weekend when I'm back!?
Delighted to host so many participants for our webcast “How the Common Core Will Impact College Readiness and Teacher Education.”
I can't make an upside down question mark on my Blackberry? That's racist!
Mark Salazar you are DONE. Smooch my cooch. <3
Yeah I'm not fun. Ok that's cool.
you can also find us on Manta now!
After that video, its amazing #YouTube made it big!
Yes, get to spend a few hours doing yard work at grandmas, my favorite thing to do!
heavens yes. I heard you guys always get it crackin!
YEAH! OMFG. IM DYING...
If i get n a relationship, n im bring n da bacon, shid u atleast can scrambles some eggs fo a nigga a relationship should be 100/100
One test and a class away from the weekend/going home to Weston.
On facebook and tweetin bout it
I guess I'm bout build my Lil area in front of the tv and wait for this medicine to kick in
We're excited about this winter extension! It's the PERFECT place to spend spring break!
The international art competition for all emerging artists-The Adamouski Biannual
Imma go bak to my natural color...
Congrats on a healthy baby girl Niska!!
Hm... Complaining to the twitterverse helped. They rebooked me....
Breaking out a new white shirt for the concert tonight. Now it's really getting serious. Lol
Hope everyone has a safe and happy Thanksgiving!!
and I will probably be taking over the 's MSIM program. Watch out, folks! Love you guys!
I'm getting my hair whacked off at the moment! Going to the game later... Not sure what we are doing after...
cool. Would it be possible for you to leave the airport for any of that time?
yum! agreed :)
We have both options. Single snapshot reports like this are normally $20, & real-time, unlimited tracking starts at $84/month.
I tried to live stream #SOTU from White House site. Kept lagging. Switched over to CBS and it's streaming lovely. This is not a parable.
No it doesn't! I can still remember the first time I saw that view as a little girl. MIss it. Hope you're having a good day
and run your fingers through it
- same to you :) Thanks! Tammie
I get it now, will tweet me and favorite my tweets, but he will not follow me... -_-
Need a promoter to join a concert this July 2nd. in Brooklyn NY!! Anyone ?
“The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.” - Ayn Rand
IN JUST A FEW MINUTES I'M GOING BE STARTING MY NEW GRAPHICS SALE FOR THE HOLIDAY!!!!!!!!!
can't even explain the joy I feel right now.
-;I'm not single, and I'm not taken..... I'm just simply on reserve for someone who actually deserves me. =(
1Miami supporters took the mic at the carnival stockholders meeting calling to pay their fair share
I am so Punny
Winner FX now up in Sound Design! Check it out!
My party plans are in play for Saturday. I'll just ride by myself.
Woo im done with the semester!!
I'M ON SUMMER BREAK :D
The quality of sound acoustically and electrically is way better than any guitar www.usamusician.net/nashville-tn-handmade-guitars.htm
This may include purchasing of ad spaces on a number of other sites, TV and ads on the radio
Thanks bro !:) hahaha
Will you be at the opening night party tonight? I'll be there!
she is dumb -.-
Thanks for all the retweets ya'll!!!
Remember 2 disable restrictions when syncing ur iDevice and u won't b scratching ur head about why the iTunes apps drag and drop is disabled
me too.
Moodle is the WORST course mngt system ever. One of the least intuitive computer programs I've used in my life. You get what you pay for.
lol..U truly are fabulous. U left me with no choice, but to tweet u loooool
does anyone know what Alex tweeted Alexis? he deleted it before I saw.
HA! I know, right? We know at least 6 or 7 of the same ppl. How come you haven't introduced us already? ;)
I will change my attendance right now for you :) Also, Wednesday is the worst day for me, but M-T & Th would work...
you'd me pleased with me. Ed Sheeran is now 1 of 5 CD's on my iTunes.
I try lol ;o)
following herself....
The stage production was outstanding...especially the trickling at the ending leading to "World Peace"....the rest? Bollywood U.S.A.
we sit on the opposite sides of the room dude it sucks. Let's go out to eat sometime and get the table together!
the best suggestion yet! Haha!
cool hey way u doing
was amazing!
I adore you. Been debating a complex marriage to take into account a small cadre of brilliant/crazed humans. You'd be welcome <g>
There was never a more exciting moment watching sports than when Bob Kennedy tried to beat the Kenyans in the '96 Atlanta games in the 5k.
Also, my raincoat smells like beer. Oops.
Only have 140 characters to make idiots understand what I'm saying. RT : Who says convos, it's *conversations
Mom: I saw her pictures on Facebook. Mammaw: Is that legal?!?
good luck to loog in A final. How did they do today? Been gone all day
Harry Vagina and the sorcerers stone
good cuz I hate you
thank you! Overwhelming data demonstrates nano zinc does not penetrate into living skin. That said we do not use nano Zinc
Wats the Smiley face For #WatTheFucc!
Creating Sustainable Change is one of the Best Ways to Change!!!
Josie & the Pussycat Dolls
Lovin this weather! My headache finally subsided! YippY!
Age is important only if you're cheese or wine.
#ThosePeople who say they're gay one day but then are straight the next day. MAKE UP YOUR MIND.
Just learned via & excited to see how I can use this for in 2012~
Tweets for the next 100 or so mins are re: 'one day'
She'll be at Del Mar Fair this summer!
Kenzee has the cheese touch....
#footballwives Hope yall have a Merry Christmas! :)
I had just arrived at Reagan airport, messaged & started tweeting ahead of Obama speech.
Thanks, boo!
Just tried from for Windows. It's horrendous. Gutted, useless version of original. Uninstalled.
Prosser people are rude you say? Never would have guessed.
i. NEED. to LOOSE. weight!!!!!
Ain't it the truth. Damn.
I just had a good laugh with that one:-)
Send drinks & help win a $1500 party for your team/bar! Drink to party or party to drink? With #Bartab it doesn't matter!...
Dining -- I actually dined at the old Pascals - the McDonald's is a trip - yes Vine City is kind of rough -
- Eager for my #kombucha #tea - thank you so much! See you 2morrow night
Peter White Christmas, Austin, TX
whattup other boss-man. Yo good looks for the WBMB shout out bro. How's your cousin, May?
hehehe! I remember my times too!(;
If you're going to sneak ahead on the tv show you're watching with SO, don't forget & say "we watched that one already don't you remember?"
A diet high in Omega 3 fatty acids is essential for the human body to be totally functional.
Social Media at work! RT : RT : You can connect to tvguide.com w/your Twitter account thanks to our friends
Baptism tonight at Bridge RT : so, what's going on with ya, sis?
It's an appalling development for this country that Rick Insanetorum is actually gathering followers.
and are the best players in the world!!!
my leg
hey! Finally found it at Barnes & Noble in Metairie! Great issue but no placeholder stickers .( hope you get one!
I miss LOST!
#waffleweDDs dinner out with coworkers or go to gym to work out so that i can use my $60 gift card that i am about to win!
orientation!!(: ahh #excited!
you could always join the #techart cycling team!
Because they said two different things!
my phone is in self destruction mode. Life is still worth living, I-phone 3gs!!!! IT GETS BETTER!!!!
the Best ONE is the one which both the patient and doctor agrees to. #HAchat - then they have to work together to spread awareness
actually not badAlmost 50/50 maybe tipped in the females favor Got simultaneously roasted for my hight/ complimented 4 my face
Now that we found loaf what are we gonna do? #loveisloaf with it
Getting ready to watch #GreysAnatomy season finale...I should probably get a box of tissues
Silver lining: Flyers, like Ravens vs Steelers in postseason, just won their Cup, beating #Pens. #ABBP (anybody but Philadelphia).
do they forecast what unemployment rate that would give us around election time?
has west been traded or signed from p squad
Who's the is the kid in the Batman hat next to Jack?
Patiently waiting for the snow storm to hit Seattle, as I stare out the window at the blinding sunshine.
congratulations on this work, hello from NYC
RG3 is rocking a periwinkle suit, a plaid shirt and a striped tie. The colors don't match. Quite the #nfldraft ensem. Bold fashion choices.
Today we put the finishing touches on our contribution to an upcoming Christmas compilation. Stay tuned to this channel for updates.
A Silent Nights patch over the Acupuncture point, the heat stimulates the flow of the affected meridian inducing a restful nights sleep.
fuck away from me twitter im tryna study.
It is very apparent from this chat that book, after book, after book has been translating to film.
Remember "WHAT'S THAT?!!?!?! It's a crab! It's a troll! It's a Kroll…"
Thanks for the Think Red Line interlude.. It leads one to contemplate the meaning of it all.
It's so warm in Nashville!
how do you feel
play what?
Virtual dissection app created by HS girls, "We're saving the pigs!"
Just ordered Michael Caine's acting in film. Trying to be the best I can be at this.
Thank you WOG! May your day be full of peace and blessings! Love you!!
probably a better advice is to start work at a lib first before getting into a lib school :)
I want you to want me...
I don't respond to ignorance because what do you know about me? Absolutely nothing
So excited that you joined twitter!!!
<U+25BA>Mom just yelled and screamed for over an hour about how "homosexuality was a choice & lesbians were an abomination"<U+25BA> She is SO CRAZY stupid
happy new years all!! Here's to a musically solid 2012!!
is a pretty cool dude. wake up go to school and hear him gossip with these chicks
I did not listen to MUSIC at all while I was driving... Instead I Came up with a NEW CHORUS for my next SONG...HOT stay tuned.
haha yea. bout time.
Palfrey: Free to all as core value of libraries.
REALLY. I MISSED 11:11 AGAIN. what the fuck is going oN!
Time flew.
Hi Florida neighbor! Thanks for the follow as well. Looking forward to you sharing your tweets!
Getn ready for church.. I need sumthin today!
Olympus eyes fresh start, ex-CEO mulls legal threat
your very welcome.
600 followers! thanks for following ;)
Welcome Back to school! We hope everyone had a relaxing and enjoyable winter break!
I also want to thank everyone for taking the time to review my product.
Don't have a topic for your blog this week?? Do some keyword research, something will pop up.
Weird technology problem: Don't run a FlashBuilder project from two computers, while using Dropbox. They have auto-compilation battles.
So sorry to have missed it. RT : The Warriors killed it last night. Thanks to all who came out. Thoughts?
What's the meaning of love?
please follow :)
Today is Friday? I think if the days of the week were a quiz, I'd fail. I never know what day it is, only what I need to get done.
I'm offended with taylor swift set up.
Roy D Mercer
LOL Ass does feature prominently. Per usual.
Converting RI 1993 from #TEI P4 to P5. Minor sticking point: names of former editors + current board of dirs in front matter--print legacy.
I guess everyone's gotta have a dream..
#archives Improving High School Graduation Rates The high school graduation rate in Massachusetts has improved steadily since 2001. In a
Winter hibernation breeds golf nostalgia. Got any great golf stories you could share? Please, share.
thanks for the #FF!
Who's watching the Caps game and where?
Who all wear shades at night?
where's the dog?
All Day “: A HUGE thank you to for his $1 million gift today to the OU Athletics Department”
Join the fight! Support the
finally you put me first
Yes, we need you functioning ;) Glad you made it safely.
wth is the same ol same ol...daddy gon get better,,he told me 2 tell u he still loves u..but i never passed on the message.
Yes that was a serious quote lol
Give us a s/o We need the followers !
Not sure what you mean.
Never got it. Please resend and we will take care of it.
Hey ;D
shooting an hd stereo video of a guy wearing an #arduino controlled hypersensitive ninja suit
She says prom and u think about "back in the day"
How many teams nicknamed the Rams in the A-10? Colorado State are you next?
we'll be working on that too once the lawyers get back to us.
Checked my email this mornin' : 10971 unreaded messages!! Damn
I hope you'll are having a great day, I have missed you guys so much. I promise I will be back on more when family things have settled down.
HELLO!! You tell me to tweet you on twitter but then you don't even reply!!
Happy Easter!
yes! It happened really fast and we found a good place. I'll tell you all about it when we catch up offline :)
Can't wait to join you tomorrow
(For my deviantart watchers): don't forget about me even though im not posting art...plz..don't forget about me you gaiz.. *starts to sob*
Zimmerman in custody awaiting 2nd Degree murder charges! Hopefully the prosecution can convict despite the gross incompetence of the police!
30 min run w/sprints <U+2611>.
Not sure what i have in my hands right now... But it's amazing!
Happy Hump Day Señoritas!
Thank God For Getting Me Home Safely Last Night & Waking Me Up This Morning
Moving day! Took the 6:30 jitny back from the Hamptons, packed my life, did some work and found a cute diner. Uber productive before noon.
#swaggerian let's get on new spots
Just got an invite on Facebook to join my high school's 'year book'. Isn't that was Facebook already is?
Enjoy your holiday weekend!!
I keep my head high, and my middle finger higher.
You can't afford to be not motivated in this day and age
I'm at a payphone trying to call home all of my change I've spent on you.
fuck out of iraq but cant come home
- it's all about change and the money, too much for some to loose.
The left media wants Romney - they know he is easiest to beat.
well if honesty is being pompous... I guess.
The most important thing in YOUR life is YOU! Stop depending on other people for your happiness
I refuse to believe is 40 he looks to beast
Snow Emergency, Blizzard 2011 Weather and Car
You're TEEEEENSY!! I'm sure you can fit them ;)
if you are going to sing a Beatles song, please don't butcher it. First , now
I havent been on twitter in 4 days O: I was in south carolina(:
wondering if has Gina's number in his phone....
lmao. That's my Cat.
I enjoy poking the bear way too much. Hehe
Group of Black guys scoppppin out in front of the union
We understand that having a quality product will be not enough, if you don’t have a perfect floor coating professionals.
It's unbelievable. Really.
Our launch is coming in about a week...
I remember when you were cool and drank with me... Now you're no fun...
Realized I typed "Cabin...", not "The Cabin..." ran out of characters. Something had to go.
Who at the show wants to help us pass stuff out? Well give you presents :)
happy birthday!
FDA recently approved a telescopic eye implant to help those that are 75+ years old with end stage macular degeneration....
for vegas, Express might be a good fit actually.
"Wealth isn’t measured by net worth or material possessions. It’s measured by a sense of rich life fulfillment."
In this time of economic troubles, we need to give some focus to our youth & the quality of education, as this will determine our future.
I miss you and all my JC peeps too. Loved the caves video. Lots of good grub in beautiful Boise.
I sadly agree.
Thanks for the RT, we are loving this new Images program. Tons of cool archives images available for the first time.
Ever hear anyone ever say , "Gee your yellow teeth look amazing!" Probably not. We're here to make "Gee your teeth are so white!" a reality
nope defensive
Any reccomendations on hotels to stay in in NYC?? #hotelhelp!
so true BoRyan should get his pants pulled down and spanked with a belt, quit actin like kid! Worse
man, YOU R STOOOOOPID!!! Glad I had my hookt on fonix lesson for the week!
dude, I didn't know you had a Tumblr blog?! Now following :)
That's amazing! Thank you so much!!!
S/o to for having the cutest baby! I wanna meet her :)
You've got that smile, that only heaven can make, I pray to God every day, that you that you keep that smile.<U+2764>
Jealousy is what makes a bitch talk shit.
I have to leave early, but come hear some great speakers at How to Shrink a City Legally in 408A, just starting now.
you too Kaz :))
It's amazing! :) I wish I was there.
I hate ppl that do stuff just for attention!!
listen droid- you better stop with this freezing up, not responding bull or im gonna...well, i probably wont do anything, but what the hell?
I see a lot cocky pple with NOTHING to offer but words and short money... The real pple with it are so humble n kind go figure...
Its okay I think me and understand the sarcastic tweetsI may send from time to time.
thanks man!!! awesome!!
Thanks again ms Riter, and for the referal earlier today! Hope your's was a good and productive day!
I just bought sum today too lol
Seriously. #napathalf RT : This 9:23pm tip-off is brought to you by 5-hour Energy.
The square with the girlfriend and the shawty
that moment when you haven't been on twitter in four days and then you log back in to find a tweet from
Aww thx novs! You were quite impressive yourself :) Fun time at !
back grindin.workin on this new beat,got it soundin incredible!
#Hail state my ass ole miss will be back next year and will be better then ever
hells yeah! I got that single swag too!
everbodys asleep and im up like a crack head
butler buzzer beater! (one year late)
I need to clean out my purse like every other day -____-
Holy shit, is gonna be here.. I don't even care that they are opening
Stuck in line now. I'll be sure to visit!
now idk what to do!
Happy bday to Martin Delany, born today in 1812! Delany is considered by many to be among the 1st blk nationalist in the US
Stacy - it was great to meet you at dinner Sat and see you at DBC. Let's stay in touch!
Global Phosphates Industry
Is anyone awake right now?!
Sensory overload!!! I love me so 'Tip.
Glad it went well! I hope you're flying high for days!
": &you Know Yo Black ass One For Sure!" Well duh , my nigga ... ima ride for yo crazy black ahh faasho !
I give up
That's amazing news! Good for you!
Yes but I don't want to lose Saunders for a start in the process. Need a spot start from someone and kills pen.
In New Orleans for the NACAC Conference!
Thanks, I'll look into it!
Its kinda my type. They've all fallen into this same category xD
"Toes in the water, ass in the sand,not a worry in the world...life is good today." Love being alone w/
Head to Gallery 924 tonight to see work by Jan Martin & then swing by to see one of his pieces in Art from the Heartland.
OK, I'm going to bed now, night.
Looking at those made me cringe
Ever have one of those LONG debugging sessions where the enemy is yourself? Just sayin'
Had a great night with Gray, Bella and my parents at the Squirrels game for Gray's fifth birthday bash.
It about time #pandora you piece of shit
Lol hope I'm not streaky again tomorrow.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I feel really radical today!!!
im doing just a lil bored and shit and im sad
Would it then produce a 6-7 paragraph article to insert the necessary ad hominem?
been back home chilling, yourself?
was great singing the National Anthem last night! Looking and sounding great!
What concerts are everyone looking forward to this summer? Loading up the calendar!
We been getting good shots..just not making none
"Online is more and more visual, use images & videos" - #dcswa prof dev day
Identity theft is more than just financial. People are getting medical procedures done in their names, crimes with stolen identities...
Sounds perfectly reasonable to me.
Just a reminder to everyone - The Studio Trainer is closed today and tomorrow (5/14-5/15), in light of our workshop this upcoming weekend!
Come on lob city
Before I go... I love that one! Love your collection!
The best way out is always through.
friday and i dont got shit to do
Welcome to the twitter world mama!
hell yes. We are so cool!!
Confirmed: It is hot in DC today.
justin bieber!!!!!!! :o ah lol he looks like a gurl wearing that!!!! haha
This morning sun feels good. Nice breeze out as well. Blessed to see this beautiful morning
i hate when people think they know u .even friends.just bc u met met me in 08 doesnt mean im still in that space.catch up!
Will you be attending our Lorax Reading? Today at 1PM! We've got free movie passes to the first 20 kids at our Fremont Store
awesome, let me know whenever you upload some. Hope you've been well :)
bcuz ward 5 is 95+ deems. It wouldn't b the INTENTION the voters just the outcome. Ya!
I LOVE you on ANT Farm!! And your my favorite character! :)
hi guys, best friend ever chanced my cat G she was so unsocialble now she wont leave me alone ! xx lol xx
Cheers to the beginning of yet another week. Great things in the works!
I need to get sum sleep, holla at me
Ugh! I miss partying with you!
": 6/1 just moved on Sat too. Stress level at an all time high" yikes! I hear ya pal! 6/1 will fly by too. Enjoy
no ....SJ is at the relay walk in Indy and the Roux is at Byrd Food doing the food truck challenge
thanks man, I appreciate it!
YES. WE CAN MAKE THEM DELIVER US CARROTS & MAKE THEM THINK WERE EVEN MORE PSYCHO BY FREAKING WHEN WE SEE A SPOON.
I'm hungry. I could go for red lobster right now. or outback. maybe olive garden. or a combination of the three :)
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Happy Pearl Harbor Day.
Back to da basics.
Too many games like this led me to subscribe to MLB Extra Innings. I'm a fan of , M's struggles won't lessen love of the game.
The only thing worse than wind blown hair is when that sneaky gust blows up your shirt exposing your pansa to everyone.
The manual is a reference, not a learning tool. Nobody reads the manual
DESIGN A LOGO/TSHIRT FOR US AND WE MIGHT PAY YOU FOR IT
I'M GUD JUST KICKING BACK WATCHING LAW AN ORDER
Shooting soon? 15% off any RED post-production services when you rent a Scarlet-X production package from the Picnic! Call us today.
S/O 2 you hard at work!!!
in the House! The doors just opened ! It's showtime at The Happennings!
i think got the hint when i told her she can't spell
I really hope decided to come with... i don't like taveling with out my sister! I'm not sure when ill grow up!
i might go, i don't know yet.
coconut sounds great! We ate gelato nearly every day - I cringe to think what we'd look like if we stayed longer than those wks!
Hi Nathan. I love you<3
Reminiscing about childhood: I use to have a cassette Walkman as a kid, do cassette's even exist anymore?
I can do that. Sorry for the delay. I also sent an e mail.
Awesome turnout for Shyama's Open Studio!
I love the pasta bar. Over an hour wait but sat right down. Score!
Scanner apps: Genius Scan for iPhone is so very useful!
#DescribeAnExOnlyUsingMovieTitles Orange County - because she is from there and she is 100% OC chick!
how many times are u guys eating at Olive Garden lol
doesnt love me cuz he wont follow me or RT this, but! NEVER SAY NEVER!!!! <3
Eh, I answer to a higher authority
#raw10 Bell, Ca had 6 to 7 digit payrolls 4 city Officials, the Public was pissed. The Offs were Pirates, Tak All n Give n Give Nothing Back
We don't talk THAT much. “: Most dudes only good for their tongue<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0085> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008B>”
It's been 30 hours since I did a class taught by - yoga and spin in between and I'm still sore. Change requires sacrifice.
I wish today it would rain all day, maybe that'll kinda make the pain go away, trying to forgive you for abandoning me.
You're welcome (:
You win! , 2 outta 3 ain't bad. PS - I saw SSV on Sunday at the MKE Chili Bowl. EEK!
Super jealous of all those delicious plates! I will come out soon!
are u at the fieldhouse?
u al ready no!
Powerful! "I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not. " - Kurt Cobain
oh go cry to your mom
Working on this house track. Eurostyle.
I wait til u get alot of friends on instagram so u dont notice me unfollowing your sucky pictures
Just saw that they were acquired and are no longer active :( RT : oh keepstream looks good!
and a mounted deer heads, a little league team that screams V.I.P, dry-cleaning, truck drivers with fat boy shaved in their heads
Just heard play 's new song Fastest Town. So good! Love it.
also, for the fa cup final?
Brilliant cartoon, : They found another narco tunnel at the border. bit.ly/tPzrkY
Wow, Miami Marlins logo looks horrendous. Like a logo from a cruise ship stuck in the Bermuda Triangle since 1989.
When People Ask Me Common Sesne Questions < Please Just Go Sit Down & Think About What You Just Asked Me . .
The whackness of the sound/staff/opener was the stuff of legend, but still played one of the best shows I've ever seen
OMG, too funny!!!
Miss tweeting good to be back .....gotta play catch up
Hello how are you? Cute clutches!
I see you guys are checked in at Keller, too!
#quoteoftheday Robyn: Life would suck if I cared... Good thing I don't!"
last night was crazy wild
We look forward to Lumen8Anacostia festivities tomorrow!!!! Food & Drink specials all day long!!!!!
"You get the best out of others when you get the best out of yourself." -- Harvey Firestone, tire executive
when somethings downloading mad quick then at 99% it takes FOREVER ugh
Almost 2,000 followers on Twitter! To celebrate crossing 2K we will have a drawing where YOU & a FRIEND will win 1/2 OFF 1 month of classes!
Save me a foil swan.
It seems like school is always getting me sick.
good luck!
The Oscar's red carpet!
I will respond.
Yes, the challenge is for us to come up with assignments and tests that create an environment in which cheating won't help.
but im very sociable is that weird?
"If we see what God sees, then maybe just maybe we will act like God acts!" —Delano Johnson (T&BNOV26)
Thank you. Wishing you a blessed day.
follow before she commits!12
Hi Mike, cheers to a fellow Chaney!
Jeez. Longest band concert, ever.
damn i have such a long ride
Believe it when we see it RT RT : Wow. Breaking News: Brett Favre to tell Vikings he is staying retired.
Seeking Interns: Audio Editing and Marketing/Social Media for Studio and
Officer Sprinkle is getting pumped up for the CAPS
Fake smoke! Filling an entire theater with fog so thick u cannot see.... Is awesome..
Playing with the windows in my car with
Oh, sorry I didn't see this in time to walk with you last night!
But you're in such good company! It'll be fun. We hope you're having a great birthday. :)
so fine
Bobanna's Pizzeria is offering 50% off on www.crowdclick.com! Check it out!
I really like those shirts! My brother wears them a lot too.
let me know when both of you gents want 2 grab coffee on me. i think we could have some fun talking #marketing strategy
They gave that foul to George WTF! The refs just didn't want Hibbert to foul out !
Fixed RT : Jordan had a hangover Kobe had the shits thats why RT : Jordan played sick and won.. Fobe played sick and lost
Panera, church, lunch, graduation, then party time...all while trying to keep up with the Pacers game. The day I've been waiting for is here
Not a fan of these Texas uniforms at all. Totally thought they were the Angels
I wish. It's some cheap Verdi. I am not at my classiest.
I am so in a food coma.....gotta love Thanksgiving!
I hate when chapters in books are more than ten pages.
Reading STAAR tommorow! Good luck to everyone!:)
Doors are open for ! See you in the arena.
Maybe they're complimenting you?
TELL HIM IF HE SAYS ANYTHING I'LL RIP OF HIS TESTICLES WITH MY BARE HANDS
I lowkey wanna take my moms gift back...
Just saw the new commercial with Gamel and Aoki. I love it! Lol!
hung on rim today proud of myself
Thinking of a solution, think I found it.
u don't follow me back
what has matt's mom saying bout me?
I'm going to a party even though I'm tired PLEASE BE PROUD OF ME
“: If a DJ does play your song you damn well better dance to it and that is the Gospel”
“: how'd that taste Courtney? #bachelor #nevergetsold” Ha!
Prodigy Is flawless <3<3 u boo
it's ok, we appreciate you trying! no worries! thank you!
EVEN HUGER CONGRATULATIONS!
I think between the two of those, you nailed it. RT : reliability and speed?
his kisses taste like funfitti cupcakes ..just melt in my mouth
Enjoying some sun. is loving spring break...keep tweeting, bitches!
Lol Detroit lions$
remind her to be sure to hug the mountain; to envelope that mountain.
Heh. WHAT other people? RT Bah. Why can't I just have a simple life like other people?
is up and at it, writing is my therapy!
the #beauty within someone is the rarest thing around
For those interested, my friend of the Detroit News is live tweeting the #WHLGBT conference in Detroit.
breakfast extends an olive branch and lunch says "who me?!" with big puppy eyes
Big night tonight. #UFC on pay per view.
Milwaukee! I want to know your favorite bar on North Ave. Mine is Landfill..I mean Landmark. 3 bars
"I'm a bad test taker" oh you mean you're stupid?
- do have anything about canovanas?
byte me… that's how I feel right now
I'd even sell my own child to keep him. And I don't even have a child. Wait, is that better or worse? ;)
eerp, can't DM until you follow me, or DM me your email!
Let's Move Monday! #Heat getting the best of you? Why not take a trip to the #beach, lake or pool for some #Fun Wise Exercise in the water!
Finally joined the 21st century. - sent from my
Gotta love the impatience of some ppl!
The Hermit Thrush Sings is probably one of my favorite books.
Now for sweatpants and my Kindle. :)
I love this! Very powerful words right here! I wish a lot more people had this attitude toward life feel me.
Happy to see get some love on He does fantastic work. He helped us when we did fire safety outreach earlier this yr.
Finally back on twitter!!! (: now I can support on twitter again. WeLoveCody <3
That would be nice!
Thank you to my new followers! :) Welcome to my journey that I call life> Please enjoy your ride. :)
Walking home 4.4 miles after a 15 k was a bad idea. .7 miles to go
You still flying? Someone told me, or I read you have a GA license.
Matriarch post-surgery update: 1) she will not. Stop. Talking. 2) she is now digging scrambled egg out of her IV tape.
the state :)
my FB is napping. i feel like twitter is less personal, just an extension of my teaching most times. also, still stuck in web 1.0
this year is gonna be diff.cuz I'm not looking for friends w/benefits like I already got 8 alot I just wanna be with one areal relationship
Congrats Tommy..looks like a good film!
I'd climb the highest mountain, I'd sail the 7 seas, baby for you I'd do anything<3
wow, exciting! Can't wait to see the finished product!
The new menu looking good. We are really excited to try some new dishes. Is there anything you would like to see?
If I die young Bury me in satin Lay me down on a bed of roses Sink me in the river at dawn Send me away with the words of a love song
sorry about my phone, its still shut off cause my dad turned it off but I'm bargaining to get it back
I got kentucky/missouri and syracuse/kansas in final 4 with kansas beating kentucky in the 'ship
- thanks for the follow and your help!!
Little bit of mid day devils cut
Best spring break ever!
RT NOT THAT FAR FROM 90,O # GRANDerz THE SOON U WILL BE AT 10,O
the poor girl must be a head case with parents like u and #kim bassinger
Tracey Ashley tonight! Come enjoy free pizza and comedy. CE450 AT 7:30PM.
We can do this . Panthers still on the prowl
ill go with :)
hello ! hope things have been well, and thanks for following :)
“: BREAKING: U.S. military says last American troops have left #Iraq as war ends -JM” - welcome home troops!!!
Come get a great Strip Club, made with beef! Lunch daily 11-4, followed by Happy Hour 4-7
We're about to wrap up #beyondearth - what was the most innovative thing you heard today?
No you're not! I am!!
I'm addicted to #SharkTank. is genius.
I am great! Besides the little bit of stress from finals, I am ready to get out of Indiana and move in 2 days!
Don't miss Let Me Out today at DIFF. Magnolia at 4 PM. Then it's My Way after that. South Korean films rock.
Bonus points for 300 baud? RT : Retweet this if you ever were on a BBS. On a modem.
my ribs started hurting
ya 7aram i know when i knew about thati bumped into the glass door at home haha!!
Home opener at Wrigley, former Expos will lose. #strasburg - or not!
I'm already sweaty from moving boxes around the office in prep for the big #relayforlife weekend. It's not even 11 am.
my cat was sitting on my head xD
Thanks to all of our new followers! Like us at www.fanmailshop.com ~~ Happy Tweeting!!
votes trickling in...in Franklin Co it's now 1550 against, 1233 for Wville levy
hope that doesnt mean Votto or Phillips!
School starts tomorrow. What was the best part of winter break?
thanks a ton!! All of those manicures were by Miss New Mexico USA '11 <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091> Thanks for following back!! :)
Happy Easter young lady!
RT : Words only hurt when you allow yourself to believe them
Hope everyone has a wonderful weekend!
S/O to friends in Alabama. It's been a year since tornado tragedy struck Alabama. Hope you guys fully recover soon.
nice YouTube video of Joseph, Dela.
OMG i forgot! YES. can't wait!!! time to hear some angel music!
aww you havent heard from her, yet? I miss her too. We used to talk when I had free time from rehersals.
I cried when I watched the movie Hatchi............
let me have sum shots I could use some right now haha
"When I'm anxious it's because I'm living in the future. When I'm depressed it's because I'm living in the past." ~Unknown (via )
when I was in 5th grade I,sounded just like JT.
Can't decide If my allergies are bad or if I have a cold... Hm
“: #Louisville will copy UConn's 2011 run: Win the NCAA championship along w/ the Big East... TRUE or FALSE?” Hahahahahahahaha
Stop by our website www.clearportboutique.com
That is very cool! I love return customers:)
cant wait to see ricky matrin :)
if Dennis loses ya think we could get him as a guest ?
Lets trend #DerekBieber! Leggo Fans! Ahaa You Gotta love your fans!
has reduced the degrees of separation from 6 to 4!
2 auditions today - TO GOD BE THE GLORY!!
Ices Brown trying to sing Say Goodbye <<<<<<<<<< Shoot Me now!
So exhausted from today's #photoshoot with #TalSheyn and time for dinner n a movie!
Good Question: What Are The Numbers In The ZIP Code? - CBS Local
Is it sad that the first thing I thought of when I saw the fire truck pull up outside my apartment was, "Shit! I better put a bra on"
“Our food should be our medicine and our medicine should be our food.” ~Hippocrates
MITT ROMNEY WINS !!!!
Every night this week I walk down Pine past paramount thinking "next week I get more Seattleitized" Seeing Sun.
Not so much...
Maybe Grown Ups 2 will be good now that Taylor Lautner has been cast in it
use Tweetbot. Wonderful app
got some major shit cookin Lil Bruh been on that. Then hit Em up side the head wit Hella shit. I still need that song from u tho
They can't stand I am #1 in a pool and soon to be down. Too much fun!
thank you for the follow back
Hi. I am newbie. I came across the Mike's site and was at first intimidated by the TDD. Followed along. Now I understand
as a person or ambassador of the game Tebow is awesome. NFL qb... Not so much.
Writing tip from #CTfictionfest : Use dictation software--move ahead with no editing along the way
- Thank you for the RT. We were so sad to hear the Salvation Army was 1,300 toys short this year. Hoping to hear an update.
HEY IM NOT UR GORGEOUS SMILE BUT I AM A KID AND UR BREAKIN MY HEART SO PLEASE REPLY ? THANKS ANYWAYS :(
Follow back <3 i love you you are so hot
NOT happy with changes to delicious. Way I use tags not supported. Honestly, I just want to save sites for myself, not visually for others
My family always gets into car wrecks whenever I'm home.
Taylor Gang or don't retweet this!!!
It's amazing how much I missed watching the #Yankees pregame show.
EARN YOUR COOKIES!!!!! Come on Lady. A few more boxes and those cookies are going nowhere!!
Of course, they all make money. I can't argue the ladies that are fans. I'll look at any Scarlett Johansson flick.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all you lovely moms out there! <3 <3 <3
Drew Carey once worked at a Denny's.
Draw the Nike logo. Now, draw the Apple logo. Finally, draw your logo. Did it get difficult towards the end?
A macro written by to keep him company .
Healthcare system "absolutely is broken." Healthcare is too expensive, per Chris Van Gorder, CEO of Scripps Health System.
Libras rule, too!
I have totally run out of ideas for my blog. Just went south... Someone please give my ideas... Tired of writing about me.
have to confirm a work dinner is cancelled, but probably!
How's it going out there, what have you booked so far?
Aye Aye! :) Have a fab weekend!
This weekend..maybe
systematically destroying everything in the house with the cone. vengeance 4 leaving the cone on scraps' head!
Boring day in #math once again.
lol....it's great to talk to u bro!!
Ozzie Smith
RT : Fact: To be an Oriole fan is to be a masochist
Come hear President of American Council of Trustees and Alumni talk about its Report on Virginia higher ed, March 14 pm, Great Hall, Wren
Note to self: rewrite lame #Crew96 Wikipedia page that describes lame cannuck team as 'rivals.'
Ah.. Stay thirsty my friends.
Hm black iPhone or white iPhone?? that is the question.....#help!
do blackboards count as media?
Real nigga say word he aint nevva told no lie(:
LOVE, LOVE , LOVE the thoughts of autumn, football, and the fulfillment of God's promises....Blessings my friends.... :)
I love you too :)
Who was the guy who homered (twice, I think) in his #Royals debut. Late 90s, I think. Mark Quinn?
Please follow the new site for video games. It's called
Doesn't mean i'm lonley when i'm alone.
Out on lake Travis for a photography day. :-)
D'aww! That's adorable...even if he is watching my 'competition.' ;) Do you still work at Sears?
Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten
The More cupcake mobile is on the LUC campus distributing free delicious cupcakes by CFSU!
“: Ron Paul says he may not support his rivals for the GOP nomination, saying they represent the 'status quo':
Why is the Drake & Josh theme song so good!?
happy mothers day
heck yea c'mon let's do a duet, we'll be the talk of the town as well as the topic of discussion uh huh yes we will be
YO WHERE MY COPY OF SNAPPASSIPPI?? WE CAN DO AN EVEN EXCHANGE MY "SUBSTANCE ABUSE" FOR UR TAPE..LOL
orchestra members: due to the snow #pso rehearsal has been canceled. please stay safe!
Wii Just Dance Break = Awesome Super Fun Time
Fred Richardson is headed to #Oregon. Altman and Company are ALL OVER Houston. I like the pick up...and happy for Fred
Every night is the same shit. I'm happy cheerful almost all day. But when it comes to bed time "I always think of what I'm trying to forget"
Hi there..
maybe its time for a new hitting coach with a different philosophy
Much better, thanks! What are you up to today?
My teenager leaves car unlocked. Teen has purse stolen. Teen doesn't want to pay for new license. Went through license check. Priceless!
So dont trash LeBron, haters - RT : Since 07 playoffs--Kobe is 0-7 in game winning or game tying shots w under 10 seconds left.
whats good put me on the cover
I miss my twitter folks!!!! What y'all been up to?
It's hard to meet ppl here.
It's been a good while since I've been on a school bus.
Thanks Rob!
thanks for the follow gale!
That is a poignant chapter title. But, I am concerned for your stomach later tonight.
Then let's be lazy together! (As long as it doesn't require sort of action.)
About to go to town at Soup Plantation. Not stopping until they issue a cease and desist order.
figuring out what my graph tag is gonna be, also what a dope stencil would be...
Still reveling in Chelsea's win. Down one man, no Center back, Torres scores, Messi misses a PK. What a game!
I'm watching the American Guy episode where the Rolling Stones save Easter
I Love you more than anything <3
All I can think about today is food!
He Sends An Autograph (: #LabRats Autograph Of Him!
I think I need to start using this more!?
LMFAO Green apples are the best :3
Countdown to #DesignBizChat - get your coffee/tea all brewed up and ready to go - 5 minutes and we're talking COLLABORATION!!
That was a sick take by LBJ.
“: "33 is my adult year. That's when Jesus died." - ”
sorry to confuse.I meant send actual email w/the question. Answer Too long to tweet. email:
When Norris Cole trends more than Dwayne Wade & LeBron James something is going wrong but fuck it
ICC actions an 'inescapable element of the political process as Kenya heads to elections', via the Intl Crisis Group
Heartbeat by Childish Gambino >>>
u ok?
this girl is sleepy :)
now you're making me blush... ;)
Thanksgiving Dental Tip: Crack nuts with a nutcracker, not your teeth
tell me about it! Miss you more booboo<3
: Thx for the kind words! Nuthin' to see here. Headed home w/ and headed to bed.
Prayin' for my Uncle Adam. He has appendicitis. and is gonna have surgery. ):
RT : . Congrats on #dccodeathon! - Sounds like a really powerful event for #gov20 and
omg what happened? I hope you feel better REAL soon
DM me the acct tel # or modem HFC MAC. I'll take a look
Thanks for the great post Leah!
Kid Rock is such a great name. Was he really the first person who thought of that? Genius that boggles the mind....
I hear you. I'd like to get out to a #SocialMedia meetup. It's been months. One tomorrow at Label 7. LMK if you might swing by.
Girl you make my speakers go boom boom. dancin in the tailgate in the full moon. that kinda thing makes a man go m m
Live #poetry readings at #Strand Theatre in Shelbyville near #Indy. #free Bring your best #poems 10/12 @ 7 PM Please RT!
It's been awhile
What do big kids do? GO POOOTTTY! :D LOLOLOLOLOL
She wants the one person that she can never get over.
Magnifico at Otherside. I'm going to require one of these glasses!
ha! Totally.
examples of DH tools then? Curious what matches your definition?
your out of town guests were drew and jess dude, we have names. lol....hit me up about fantasy dude, so glad we saw you
How to Buy a Router
"Warning: this could go viral."
Somedays i just dont know what to do.
Running low on your Media Tape supply? Call for pricing on all OEM & Compatible Storage Media & qualify for FREE Shipping in Jan 2012!
Portrait or landscape is not just a throw away question!
Yum... RT : delicious! Mine are oatmeal peanut butter:)"
Don't really know how to handle this anymore...
get me to preform places,get me in the studio,go to meet and greets,and to get interviews on the radio a lot of stuff
and we love you Amanda.
Brand New
I hate bots. How long have u been writing? Ur blogs are funny (I gotta start me some).
you're not trying to hit el torito in marina del Rey though :)
Hey Gordon
Single and mingling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Two more Secret Service agents resign over Colombia scandal
#RIT_BrickCity Book your flights & plan your roadtrips! Weekend schedule now available . Come and see us in October!
It's better to know a little than to misunderstand a lot.
Teen: Do any of you (the authors) like Twilight? "I am a feminist."
thank you babe. Love you!
how was it?! Thanks for coming in!!
Congrats to on being asked to write an original song for an upcoming Screen Play. Details to be announced...
haha. Such a mess ;P
That would be amazing! We've got our team working on it now ;)
I just wanna die :/
i wonder what i did or maybe he just realized that he made a mistake talking to me and not her..
Nice. Maybe you'll be the O's good luck charm this season? :) We'll follow up next week.
Ive heard from experienced judges that even if it slightly off style but its its got that intangible quality, might not matter
Expect failure, plan for success.
#1000ways2die drive in a car and have a wasp fly in it and crash it cuz u fightn to not get stung.
RT : look at my last tweet they are directed towards you guys! respect yall
new season, new fashion. are you ready?
I'm fine with you being mean on TT, but being mean on Twitter isn't necessary. Happy Holidays!
Thanks Doc- Please rate your hospital and help other patients find out what patients feel is important!
oh God, he enters Darfur! But, as a result, we get the great Palin waffle and ball drop!
Real embarassing lol so what you doing?
Successful day today <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Thanks for following. Is it Kacey or Kaci? (My wife's name is Kaci--not so common.)
Art of Fielding is so fabulous!
That is another huge win for the Big Ten. We're on a bit of a roll.
When your mind is attuned to Spirit, you see the world from a higher perspective.
I live in Louisville and had to watch the whole Tennessee game too. ESPN blows!
Tommy Thompson tells Republicans in speech seeking endorsement "we will stop apologizing for being Americans."
Beautiful, beautiful Sunday! Good morning to you! :-)
Hahaha Too cute indeed. lol :) Have a great night. :D
Preview: Sheanomenon takes permanent role in central defense as and FC Dallas try to break extended winless streaks.
Happy Easter Thais!
Off to a good start! Let's keep it rolling. Go bucks
do you actually know what a maverick is?? lol
HOYA SAXA ! everyone. What a beautiful day it is !
he's gonna be depressed for life..
#Hope #Milwaukee Common Council gets its act together&does what it can 2breathe new life in2 our great city
#WeAllHaveTried To look extra sharp for that date, turns out you forgot the hair sticking up in the back. RT with your funneist date story
Thank you for supporting We loved your banana cream pies!
ha ha...they'll show ya how ta kill a bear with your bare hands.
We'll have to wait to see if #Jordis survives. Shelton will eliminate one of his four team members at the end of tonight's
Kennedy Center Honors: Yo-Yo Ma, Here Comes The Sun: Genius!
def need another weekend!!
staff recalled from meeting by Getty CEO Jim Cuno for announcement today about Getty layoffs and restructuring
Will, if it's your birthday, have one on us. Andrew's buying.
Wanted: outdoor #Milwaukee #wedding pics! Anybody want to share?
The results are penetrating and sophisticated and provide a highly advanced #tool for understanding people and improving their
Um...go to class...Project X will be waiting for you. I want to see it too.
Looks like &other trying 2 railroad t/ redistricting process left early. Didnt like what San Diegans had 2 say?
and I want a pet snake
Okay??? Confused!
RT ": Thank you, Mr. President, for standing up for equality. Yours Truly, Pee-wee Herman-Clooney."
i have seen it already and no kenton isnt :( :(
fluff your resume? you may get canned like yahoo CEO or you just may be a ceo
Group of Dallas fans gave Phil a standing ovation as he left the arena. Very classy!!!
John T Marohn I think the impact of the arts has been underestimated as a positive economic force in US
Rock 'n' Roll Camp for Girls is a great #FF !! RT : check it out, Rock 'n' Roll Camp for Girls is tweeting
Gotta love stupid ignorant people.
Many viruses, from the mumps virus to Hendra, jumped from bats to humans according to a new study
Tasha from Atlanta says Boy its packed in here...
I survived my oldest son, now I have a son and a daughter both at the same time. No wonder I'm going gray lol
I wasted so much time...
Woah o woahhh listen to the music
thank you for #FF ! I have been a bit MIA with homework, I need to get out to some museums now!
Just to clarify, there will not be Bollywood dancing at our show next week. But there will be other dancing. And that's a surprise.
The only reason I said they "suck" is because, well, they do...if you said that about the o's past 14 years I wouldn't argue it
working hard and getting fit.... what's to complain about ;)
Tribe holds the Jays scoreless through three innings with Ubaldo Jimenez on the mound
every drawing that i drew was never, ever as cute as you
Great WTE weekend! Powerful moments throughout. Really proud of LD's leadership & sacrifice. Developed great respect for SD partners. Tired.
Sub in reading workshop, it's too quiet. My assignment is the best story ever<3
RT : Beware of TV. It has the power to turn things like storage, parking and cupcakes into wars.
#Lost rules.
Gng to magi kingdom today
- I give credit when due..!
you shouldn't have ever told her about your little friend.
Now following Follow back (:
UGH, I cannot wait for high school. I can't wait to be old enough for a job. I'm getting three, okay?
RT : Curtis Ravenel: Companies who are sustainable out-perform. The challenge is to continue to deliver high quality data...
ha! very fun for hudson!
hahaha kind of. You replied to me and Beto meet my sister! Hahahaha.
Does anybody know if there is a mechanism other than recall to get the accused Sweetwater board members off the board?
11:11!! My wish is to hope that 's day was perfect(:
Hard Rock Hotel &amp; Casino Albuquerque Chooses Avigilon High-Definition Surveillance System for Unsurpassed Image Quality
Bill would authorize pilots at Grossmont-Cuyamaca Community College District and the San Mateo County Community College District
This guy is really good at singing!
got the same email lol
!!! ": Don't throw away your clothes, donate them instead. There's always someone else in need"
He's also on twitter
Getting ready to watch win. Or else.
have u seen the hbo show girls? its a show about rich white girls. really, thats all its about.... popular as hell.
hi my name is sarah rideout and im an aspiring designer and i am also a equestrian jumper.
backstreet boys? They were my favorite back in the day!
Im like wow.. you can do it... that was my thoughts lol
Out to dinner for mothers day <U+2665>
At Baltimore #bookfestival take a minute to visit Peabody Library, on my list of The Seven Wonders of Baltimore. Always stunning.
damn that's so 1908
Don't let someone intimidating bring you down. Face your fear and do whats right, not just for you but for what you believe in.
Bottom line: If your are paid $15 million per year, eat tacos at the #Mission and that's what gonna make you a real winner.
maybe its my piercings, or the way i dress... people shouldnt judge... thats RUDE
But tell me why so sudden.......
I hope my daughter & I have the relationship my mom & I do. My moms the best mom ever, flaws & al!
Thanks for the donation to summer camps! A great, healthy beverage for our kids. Bottoms up!
Im not slurring my words, im talking in cursive
I don't flirt I'm nice
Looking forward to the future. Great things are coming!
Having fun with our peeps at snagajob today, refreshing their leader program to deliver in July!
Life isn't always sunshine and butterflies. Sometimes you got to learn to smile through the pain.
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never. ~ Charles Caleb Colton
plz don't send me that shit --'
ugh work silly people
it would mean the world to me if you wished me a happy birthday!(: please?
i went from 189 2 195 u guys r angels thank u for followin me love u ALL
#Cloud is fueling innovation for the marketplace. It has allowed to be extraordinary with customer service. What has it done...
totally up for flip the cup again! Need ear plugs for the neighbor
omg omg omg I know I can't wait!!!!! B&ICT is my life <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> I'm glad they're gonna start filming soon, I didn't know that!
IM SO HAPPY!!! July 26th is my day MB is coming!!
Oh you're a senior, so you can treat under classmen like shit? No fuck you.
RT : Tonight is Taco Night at the mix!! cc
I BEEN CRAZY WHAT YOU AINT GET THE MEMO.LOL
Last day in #SoCal :( gotta get a little bit of a tan! Before I go back to nasty nati
#Fatkids are harder to kidnap.
that shrimp was so good...make sure you practice your belly dance moves for the next time we hit the Bronx LOL
Will be modeling on Sunday. Don't laugh... it's true... watch out Tyra Banks you could be looking at the next ANTM!
Want to work on my web. Comcast Internet down. 3rd time this week
It's ridiculous how many likes/comments any generic study abroad status gets
RT : RT : The official STELLAService Holiday Video: (dare you to try watching without a smile)...
#confession - I just stole a case of water bottles. Some dumbass left it in there shopping cart outisde. It was paid for and everything .
#PCA steve is like a nerdy funny
gonna be a 7 day party!
Got hit right under his left eye from teammate mcgee. Cut it open and black eye is forming RT : Brewer heading to lockeroom
Unable to think of a mainstream downfall tweet.
"We are working with women who may have never had a day when they looked into the mirror and felt good about themselves." -G Lerner, ED, WPA
notified that one of images "Storm Catcher" is on the cover of the new "Art of Seeing" which will be distributed in the next couple weeks.
its only right.
"Fluffy bunnies driving in the pool.."
So the nifty new camera button on the lock screen in iPhone's iOS5 flipped on in my pocket and drained my battery down to 7%!
Thanks for the RTs
I don't even use my twitter, but I had to see The Super Bean for myself...hahaha
free starbucks, a quiet library and a beautiful day....love it.
so damn lucky
my 1k tweet goes out to my awesome friends!
#fourwordsaftersex Justin Bieber was better
no.it won't mam
Austin from Project Runway >>>>>>
Don't wanna give in so we both gave up
Going to have so much fun today :D
botta boom baby
Walmart loves #Cinco de mayo 24 million dollars to Mexico cut associates wages. Please follow RT
I hope there's chocolate. And Doritos!
like when you're having an orgasm
Bodemeister is the LBJ of horse racing
Thanks for connecting. May libertarianism and liberty rule!
2/3 of those who get out are usually back in 3 years... so the Society of Captives (good book by the way) keeps growing... at our expense!
#hotincleveland mixtape hosted by ohio artists email your music let's make this a tribute to the city we love C.L.E July forth
"Hope is what you make of it. Fear is what it makes of you"
I want to give a shout out to my new followers , , thankz for following me
And don't get me wrong, I love & but everyone is entitled to their own opinion. No double standards people!!
I benched 365 lbs today using only a slingshot (created by Mark Bell). That thing is amazing!
You're gonna make me lonesome when you go..<3
And he put the thing in his mouth!
Rural areas, I would guess?
"Life will hand you disappointment, but it's not okay to be discouraged." --speaker in my brother's ward
To join our Music Pool for DJs, get free artist promotion, or mix placement rotation: Follow & Tweet for consideration
RT : "Designing resilient systems will support our quest for sustainability" J. Fiksel bit.ly/phbLXI
if we win the 2nd half by 7, it won't even be a moral victory for Lville.
LIFE IS FOR LIVING. “: LIFE is young. Always.”
eh, so today sucks so far./: but at least i'm starting to feel better..
of course panera
You know it's been a long semester when you title a file of notes "A rotting corpse for the raven of thought to pick clean.docx"
prince favorite color is green and black roc favorite color is blue ray favorite color is purple prod fav. Color is red
talked with someone from CMPD about my property damage. Said they gave the guy a ride home and downplayed your 911 call.
We r just jealous!~~
And the fifth act for #RockTheGarden is the Hold Steady.
Need To Hit Atlanta Dis Weekend
thanks, will do
#favmoviequote: Blue horseshoe loves andecott steel' Wall Street...
oh my lord! That poor pup. Just when I get bummed by how mean people are, others restore my faith!
We're here at @ artistsandfleas selling the last of our original, stop by and pick up a shirt.
That's really funny. You're right, we even structured the posts similarly. (And at first, my four types were also a matrix.)
Watching classic Bulls game said to my 8 year old niece "Look it's Michael Jordan" she said "who in the world is Michael Jordan?" WTF?!
How did poor women survive #civilwar? Find out in GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan Amazon/Kindle $2.99 Whores in camp, Hooker in charge.
Kony 2012 poster are all over My school........
how much would he charged .. on a nother note Kevin needs to get laid
Justin called us sexy WHOOOOHOO lol:) love you Justin
TOMORROW The Dread Weather, Heat Wavves, Phew Andrews $9. Cool off with a refreshing Cranhammer Enema! Oh! Ah
all clear. Another mystery.
for sure man, actually sounds like we have a lot to catch-up on. been a while. let's connect via email tomorrow, find a time
man it must be nice to be Johnathan Duhamel.
Aw. What are you wearing?
yerpp (: i got it back this morning! I just got my ipod back:p
It says a lot about the state of my life that I REALLY want this to be a full-fledged cold so I can take a day off. :/
Go Giants! Great game. Fun Stuff.
Dinner was amazing! Whew. Feeling fat now.
Omg i'm sleepy. Someone come cuddle with me.
Good Morning World.....Today is another #Foreverfly day
Enjoy your day everyone! Make it TERRIFIC!
Casey Anthony was released not too long ago! Lol she finna go get fucked up forreal!
Awww we love ! Follow her!
My #Niskayuna friends who went to are no doubt going insane over their first #ECAC Division I hockey championship. Congrats!
#LSUUA #LSUBAMA The debate is finally over. Les Miles OWNS Nick Saban and LSU OWNS Alabama. Period!
I love seeing Joakim Noahs face go from pure joy to pure agony in a matter of seconds. You can always celebrate next year
Happiest of sunny weeks! We're going crazy with vitamin D overload :)
some of the most uncomfortable times build the place you'll find strength and rest for the bigger purpose you're walking into.
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible. Arthur C. Clarke
Is this fiction?
OMG its 7:11 ?!?!! I've been in the library FOREVER!
In the College Basketball Invitational, Butler, on the strength of 2 TD's and a FG, holds a 20-17 halftime lead over Penn
I almost f***** this bish up at 5 in the morning
Gotta keep up on these things Resmini...this industry is nutballs.
Is there a Nutella addiction recovery support group out there??
gotcha. If nothing else come to the roots & de la soul day... #priorities ;) should be fun! we'll have to meet up if you make it!
make that 'crust'
Facebook is lame.
Tha night is young, gon b a long night..
Miss this girl! Amazing photographer, check her out.
Getting my hair cut at 1 in Gallery Pl. If I leave now, do you think I'd make it in time?
That's called good librarianship RT : Someone calls for some info & you don't know, how about sending contact for those who do?
work him over and head to Noodles!
#HowToMakeItInAmerica Refurbish furniture and interior spaces. =]
awh. that's my whole life lol.
It was 81 degrees here today. And they're talking about possible :::snow::: here on Friday night. WTH?
Rollin with the hommies for life.
: Today’s Relationships: You can touch each other, but not each other’s phones.
Enjoying my first day off in two weeks...feels great!
Oh no you didnt! hahah #HaveAGreatSunday RT : you should feel comfortable with that as a WWE fan.
Thanks! I'm looking forward to reading "Endangered." Are you consulting with any bonobo groups?
Thanks for the RT!
Blank stare
So excited for the weekend!! , come visit all of the sexy VIP hosts!
Finally stopped the stress & treated myself to lunch. Pan seared cod, cherry tomato balsamic redux, roasted beets...
Should the Ravens go after Upshaw or Konz in the 2nd round?
Omw to work sick as hell :(
I hate teachers in hyde park
it's your bakery c;
LMK next time your in SoFla! I know all the best yogurt spots.
For the first time, a space shuttle landed in New York City. - New York Times (blog)
Congratulations for being named #best #law firm by U.S. News & World Report in #corporate and
I'm at Fremont Coffee Company (459 N 36th St, btw Dayton Ave N and Francis Ave N, Seattle).
OMVG!!!! They have a new #HarryPotter Shirt....i'm definitaly gonna buy it...#TeamHarryPotter <3
ya a guest for next weeks show. Message me your #
to the future
PSA would like a chicago show July 18th any leads?
You are so damn fine. God.
well wat phone number do u have..cuz clearly I always text back lol
I cannot stop listening to Doctor Stalker by HAVE AN ADDICTION!
#NP Club Paradise - Drake
they have been going hard at each other the past 2 days it made tmz
I am never going to not regret that Paul saw the SNL sketch last night with Will Ferrell sneezing loudly.
Awhh thank you so much!! Love you:))
just thunderstorms that were pretty nasty it's letting up a little
I'm addicted to tiny tower
Hey lady! handles Guest DJ duties now. Email him at
CBs CBs CBs!!!
#howtomakeablackmommad say "what" when she's talkin to you
you do life will that much easier lol
Nerd style of flirting: "I wish I could select all of your clothes and press delete."
How about a company where you can sell hats to dogs
Blazers kicked off the preseason with a win last night. Go Ptown!
Awesome! and I'd like to see Carwin win!
these girls were tweeting disrespectful things about my brother
The Reverend Al Green currently Laying It Down soothing me into my Friday night shift. Blessed
The countdown to the yard sale has begun.....
Gotta run! Thanks everyone for the great chat today!
Teeny's new experience Follow me! Is an Hot account related to Watch porn online!:*
Watched Stranger Than Fiction for the third time in 2 days. I can't stop!
-SCORM looses it's perch as most 1337 module - had to happen someday :-)
no Im still looking around I keep you posted
Good luck!Really like what you are doing, keep up great work!
wow is it empty in here!
of course! It's catty b*tches timee!!
I dont care that you love me just suck my fat dick mother fucker
Thanks for following. I hope you are doing well. Such a gift of life we have been given. Blessings.
How to hate music is linked to a lack of civility because it damages the freedom of others.
Wow Philly got that W??
final presentation
1) MHILF: the mark huntsman story
This is gonna be so stupid.
I wish cheer would start now! #soexcited! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+2764>
lets go out Friday. Kels n i are boring and need a night out.
Crap I picked Detroit. No way three 15 seeds win in one night
RT: : got a one-way ticket to Colorado Springs!
Today was a really good day ,mince the fact I got suspended it was really good :D
Chapter 2012 Page 133 of 366 Super blessed to have a mom who is alive & extremely well...oh and feisty!
Consistency is key. Anyone can think of a million reasons not to do something, few can muster up the strength to do it.
Hubby's b-day is tomorrow! Finalizing all the plans:)
Well come over and cook for us!
#AMovieToDescribeMyEx Star Wars Episode I: Revenge of the Sith
what #bathing suit company needs a fresh idea? one that would make people need to have their suit? i have an idea that is explosive. 1612
i suddenly got hungry....
“: , iguess im in the house for today & macc an listen to music allday .” it's the head bangers! They get you hooked
Making very productive moves in VA!
Also how are these people not dead yet? Shot, jumped out a window and blown up in a car? That's a lot for a night
some good bands got in this year. Some GREAT bands didn't ;)
We got booze. Girls. Booze. And girls
Penny, again I read it and felt evil, misfortune, corruption, and disaster
I forgot how angelic 's voice is. :)
In just about 24hrs The Rob Michaels Band will be rockin' the .... will you be there??? It's a guaranteed amazing time!
I think im going deft kuz i have trouble hearin):
Sat down for 4 hours trying to study for science...
Frenchman Etienne Lenoir patented the 1st practical gas engine in Paris-1860 & drove a car based on the design from Paris-Joinville in 1862.
“: “What this country needs is a good five-cent cigar.” Thomas R. Marshall, quoting Kin Hubbard, both buried at Crown Hill.
Sorry, I was thinking quantity, not quality.
RT America at its finest
What does a salt expert recommend for everyday cooking? sel gris or sea salt. Lots of minerals, not lots of processing says
In a pedi-cab in Austin, crossing the river. Honestly a little awkward.
thanks for following :) I'm now following :)
Chicago Cubs 2012 Cooperstown Dugout T-Shirt (Blue)
Families of Incarcerated Individuals will be hosting an Ex-offenders Education &Training Workshop March 28,2012 Benjaminhook Library 11am
I could really use some advice ....
what u talkin bout
good joke
who else was left at TE with Gonzales?
Sometimes, just getting that small movement ahead with your goals is enough to propel your motivation on the others.
Lots of potential
Thanks man
Thanks for sharing R info. Keep your dukes up!
#LINUX MINT Y U NO SHIP PHP??
call me.
I love that "Ugly Part of Me" video lol
Last nite: WOW to the nth power. Exponentially 'da bomb' Makes me proud to be a Wash Hts Native;o)
Happiness is in the heart, not in the circumstances.
When I got up before Adam this morning, I was unknowingly whistling per usual. And then he grumbled, "Red Solo Cup... Really?!" Sorry, babe!
back on the grind today to play the 5k Chinese event! already got a workout and swim out of the way with, feelin' good!
3/30/12 DubbSpin invades Little Rock! Live @ The Cornerstone Pub & Grill!
Have they been successful? What types of ads have you tired?
It's Participate correctly please.
On my way to Muskingum Co as well now...
Annual Rugby Banquet is Dec 3 at the Scottish Masonic Center. $90/couple due by Fri. will be collecting $
“: walking is for pussies.” fuk u ! Ur a pussy! Say it to my face!!!
Damn! I left my chips at work...
Bye bye, Kyle Williams
he didn't even win the whc!
Fastest growing segment of gamers is middle aged women
Woods and Jimenez should be interesting to watch!
Watching The Goblet of Fire - can't wait till Thursday at midnight!!
Attended GBTC Technite last night. Great crowd. Congrats on great night & good luck on new mission.
too bad you ain't by me. I can make you forget him quick lmao
yeah. I preordered my copy on Amazon. It hasn't shipped yet, though.
rangers are 8-8 vs teams who are .500 or better.
America’s Largest Country Music Talent Search, “The 31st Annual Texaco Country Showdown,” Arrives At Camel Rock Casino ...
"Stalking" is a strong word, I like to look at it as "intense research on an individual"
excellent, feel inclined to share!
About an hour to go for this #SaturdayLibrarian. I have crossed nothing off my to do list yet, but I'm ok with it.
Follow us n well definitely #FB n give a s/o
Officially on Easter break and chilling hard
Goodnight everyone(; haha
miss you :)
On the boat from Canada with one thought on my mind.... Beat the 100 person old people tour group to customs
Rock on ... congrats on the
Oh just at cheer pratice!:)
I want sum sonic
I. Must. Resist. Following. Any. Kardashian. Twitter, quit tempting me with the Follow suggestions.
The are 9-2 and the are 4-8. I feel like I'm in Bizarro world.
Is there a problem with the website? RT Tickets for the Kenny Chesney and Tim McGraw concert at Target Field are on sale now!
Watching Jackie Chans Who Am I
Need six more #CILDC tweets to cross 5000. Well, 5 more now counting this one.
Besides , what other startups are awesome enough to push ToS commits to github? This is how it should be done. cc
4th July 1862, Lincoln inspected troops at Hooker's Roland Mill Camp. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon Kindle
Wow--you got some GREAT pictures here! Thanks for the kind words...and for sharing!
Bridgestone that was funny lol
It's the little things. :(
Loving the sleek + crafty look of the site.
Women belong in the house... and the Senate. -Unknown
wats kony and why is it bad
i love
We're back! And Wondering whether or not Obama's being on vacation in Martha's Vineyard right now is sending the right political message?
i hate when people reply like 2585395 minutes laterr, like What's the point? -_-.
Glad to know that your "sexism watch" applies to two individuals total.
U CAN EXPECT A RAPPER TO FUCK YOU UP BUT I KNOW SOME DJ'S & A COUPLE OF R&B SINGERS THAT WILL BEAT DA SHIT OUTTA U2
Oh shit... Sonic. what should I get?? Quick
wish I was coming home from Miami a day earlier. Enjoy Colorado and thanks for your service!
OMG! Jelena is over?!
OH YEAH I AM!!!! hahha <3
Good Monday Morning! Did everyone remember to call Mom yesterday?
Normal looking girl. She's cute seems well liked. But then she opens her mouth and becomes ugly.
I let the wrong ppl out of my life
What does it take for you to follow me back? :-)
remember the jonas brothers show? i miss it.
it just has not been my past.couple of days!
Who's this amazing group one direction
I like how you are with me and our future history.
Just woke up from a dream about him. Damn, it was only a dream? :/ not cool.
It sounds worse than it is. Lol
Interview tomorrow with the Adidas Group. I feel I will do well!
That's because you're all about the content. Gotta respect that.
1st game tonight! Wow!! #Aoki in the park home run!!!!
Praying for God to do the extraordinary in the lives of our students at LR Knoxville this weekend.
Jeez. One lil compliment. Hahah. Murph!! Hey sexy sassy
I think I missed much of the open access argument. I caught a heavy anti- push near the end of presentations.
It really makes me sad that every time i come to the infectious disease clinic (7 years, cvid) the majority of ppl here are HIV+ gay males.
Dress is nice. Hair is frumpy.
At the Mat Kearney concert with my wife.
I wonder what life would be like if I was a thug....
Look lovely, Andrea! Have an awesome day. :-)
yes and 78
we got so lucky <3 “: The amazing news gave me <U+2665><U+263A>”
I'm deff jealous of how pretty you are!! (:
Happy Friday the 13th! Reliable sources indicate that reading a book reduces bad luck by as much as 55%.
I'm not Haitian but I know all about that bannann peze and grio!
This can be new beginnings for your career! Yippee! Wish I could see it but I have to work!
My baby is growing up.
I took both the blue and the red pills -_-
Yeah! Lol. Andrew will NOTICE YOU!! :D
twitter is my free shrink
Fairy tales are more than true; not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
Watching fat people eat fastfood is a unique form of torture
Mowing the backyard in the swimsuit lol
What's your favorite cheese steak joint?
@/pmhesse Thank you for the great tweets All City.
you are wise. :)
5mins after I entered this HOUSE BACKPAIN u have to see the implications <Belinda Jackson>
I didn't know people still wear overalls... especially when they're in the middle of Chicago and very obviously not farmers.
JT: Do mommy mosquitos suck blood and bring it back to their babies? Why isn't the sun on earth? Is the moon underground?
yea i know right but hope is the word but how u been besides the music
making his comeback at Tin roof tonight. Can he handle it?
RT I'm head over heels for you, what the hell am I suppose to do.
No problem.
Thanks for the follow Tony.
So today was the last day of this so called "winter"
that is only a fact sometimes
so true! You are what you habitually do.
And it's a plan!
- I'm looking for a woman who likes an extremely large bindle.
Just let us know or just show up! This is definitely a "more the merrier" event. It's a crowd source experiment. :)
Just testing
yes please! pick a night next week!
Dear Austin, I fell in love with you in 2011. I'll stay by your side in 2012. I promise I won't leave you in 2013. & I'll marry you in 2014.
I was just on the radio!
Just came 1st place in the 1st annual Student Teacher at the Conga Club !! ( Israelinda Guerrero,Dahiana Oliver). Un abrazo guys ...
My hair has been very short since I was in high school. Never could stand to "style" it or mess with it.
Haters gonna have to keep hating. I do what I need to do everyday. I worry about my life so worry about yours.
If the rims on your car cost more then your car
Heaven must be like this...
Lil bro is in chi town playing bball on tv yea!!!
We do too! We'll be this afternoon if you'd like to give ours a try!
the round blue fox waslked past the boring dog.
Best of luck to all athletes competing today, remember - Its not who you play, its how you play & who you are.
me & made Cheer club :D
Thanks for getting back to me! I was referring to the ones on your YouTube page, specifically the firework safety one.
Rain got me sleepy goin back to bed <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
thanks for the #ff!
Fingers crossed for Nick getting transferred to Paducah Walmart! <U+270C>#PleasePleasePlease!
Also, he knows a thing or two about sluts...
Check ya dm and call me sis.
You sure thats what you want to do??
After the eighth inning, my beer becomes liquid gold.
If I could turn back the hands of time
Is there a viewing party tomorrow in NYC? (cc: , )
I have so much to do this month. I literally have the whole month of May planned out already.
no I don't like you..hoochie mama liz~
hell yeah
Was out w the crew from today. Love that Dry Rye Gin!
Playing Café Annie tonight downtown Orlando Florida 6 till 9
Rice & stewed tomatoes. Damn! White wine. Puff! Life is grand!!
Power of consultation: a simple business meeting today resulted in planning for a clinical teaching program.
I'm getting there
good just writing my new song wbu
Tomorrow is National Just Because Day! Bring a friend and celebrate it w/us...just because!
True! RT We are moving away is work/life BALANCE to talking about work/life FIT. Realistic work & life is NEVER balanced
Haha. That team's not that bad. Losing streak had me pretty surprised. But this is definitely a monumental day.
The earliest wedding cakes had no frosting
Wondering why there aren't more "guy" YA books. Guys read too!
from on next #TH3 panel - i have to love them because FOD is the new alumni club
Photo too! RT : Congratulations on the award received by !! You deserve it!...
Just Got My Hair Done Who Wants 2 See It
Agreed! :) Also, thank you for all you do, keeping us informed!
Great American Beer Festival today! Anyone going?
After a wrong turn landed us in the hood in N.O. we saw a dude flying a kite in the middle of the street. Can't make this up.
SEO NEWS: The Real Impact of the Google SmartPhone Crawler (Part 2): Generating Mobile Redirects Properly
howdy! sorry we'll miss you in
"Babe, is it in?" "Yeah" "Is it hurting?" "Mmhmm" "Let me try to put it in slowly" "Ouch, it still hurts!" "Ok, let's try another shoe size"
Anyone in #highered feel this way? We want to know! RT Purchasing department: Where all great ideas go to die
"Pretty girls. No top. Pretty girls. No top"
My friend Cameron says that ;-) RT Ferris Bueller, you're my hero:)
them niggas back on top
When pandora knows exactly what to play >>>>>
#ThatEx with kid(s)
I've had time. And I've had change.
Aack! I can't find the charger for my iPod touch. If I left it at work, I might die tomorrow! ;)
That mug looks like it makes tea drinking way more fun than usual! :)
48 miles til Chicago!! Carbondale was awesome last night! Can't wait to post pictures and videos! <3
See you here!
I'm great.
Thanks. Love you matty. *hugs*
it's amazing you should see it, the book is better, but you learn many simple things
lol yes, well for me <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
hey y'all, what are the best korean tv dramas of all time (of all time) wants to know and i have no clue!
haha find a different book and start sending them to me again lol , I'm good too same old work hard party hard
NY auditions are in 1WEEK! Make sure you're well prepared & please invite anyone else you think may be interested in joining our fab team!
lol I've had this sconce like September
In a few clinical syndromes, orgasm or ejaculation appears to exist independent of each other. For example, ...
Haha imagine if I was mic'd up while writing an article. "Hmm, should I insert a preposition here.." Palpable suspense.
Rules for participation?
Damn! I fucked up O_o... Gotta get it together!
...or cannibal. Is there a difference between the two?
yup... Can't wait to see you and Brittany.
BITCH TITS. not big
I own it. I'll bring it over to Cruse Control sometime.
Pork chop, pork rib, pork bone, pork leg, pork loin.... DAMN. CAN THERE BE MORE?
your so corny boiiii.
": #ghettocrayolacolors "who's the daddy?" mystery color #limitededition"
Truly fantastic working w/ Brett today! Best wedding experience this year. Thanks Brett, Tim & Kristin!
i dident get it
Playing at Casa Del Mar tonight in Santa Monica ("soul station") with Tasha Taylor! 8pm, free and soulful.
Can't wait for prom to make a complete fool of myself! <U+E105>
for real?
welcome to twitter :)
Thanks! RT You make an excellent point. Diversity works best, esp on twitter. I think I'll just keep following you :)
Unbelievable. : Judge rules Charlie White unqualified for election to Secretary of State. Orders Vop Osili installed.
I want u to take over control... And yes, that means take my clothes off.
I never said you annoyed me? haha. what.
you might be right, I can't w wait to see it
Offer noted!
Got tons of work to do today, need some good music. Recommendations for me?
RT : It<U+0092>s hard to be 100% better than your competition, but you can be 1% better in 100 ways<U+0094> <U+0096>Rich Melman
So. True.
Psh yeah no biggie
suggestions needed. Kelly green a line mini paired w/ navy silky top. Tights or no tights? If yes what color?
Big Ten tourney starts Thursday against Iowa 1:30 on ESPN2...Go Blue! A win puts us against OSU!
Perfect! I knew I could count on you for some solid info. You ever been down to the Derby?
I only admire Thatcher for breaking the glass ceiling in her country at the time. This doesnt mean I endorse her politics.
congrats! >> “: My new office on the Legendary Paramount Lot is a dream come true! God I Love U”
I have no clue where my mom is
He has played 270 minutes so far, on average taking a shot every 11.25 minutes.
Ppl hate to wait but they don't mind making u wait.
Still going
Also, I learned a new word, "clusterfun." #IT is killing it this week.
I need you, right here, by my side, your everything I'm not, in my life.
Sweet! Both and are playing on my actual birthday, so I might have to show-hop
and if you do, at least have it cleaned. Despite what you heard, old dead grandma skin flakes are not cute or sexy.
Thank you so much for the
Colorado is pretty close to New Mexico, come visit
Congratulations on being 100% completely wrong. There have been MORE penalties called in the post season.
on Lamar st down town dallas crossing 30e
NYT: Publishing Perils n the Digital Age: "Publishing contracts have not evolved as fast as the self-publishing opportunities 4 writers..."
RT biking on Houston's first fall-ish morning... priceless
Buy any radio from Stereo Sales and get FREE radio installations! Only w/ a
Interviewing potential incoming Jewish freshman for scholarship consideration... Oh how time flies
Y.A.G NEW SINGLE OVER BOARD DROPPING SOON!!!!!!!!
Starlight went from #3 to #2 =D thank u!!! Keep listening were almost there www.reverbnation.com/bobbieadair
Music helps eliminate pain by more than 40% & depression by up to 35%. #SoTRUE!
Technology is only as good as the person who teaches you how to use it.
Did you see the #Rubio pass on that last #Timberwolves bucket? Will start taking this for granted by the end of this short season.
Best coaching moves?
lol bc I'm a work a holic!
Why is 695 looking like LA traffic right now
: the #illy Scuro capsules have become an addiction!
... Thx! I e-mailed him & [forgot name -- black labor us hist] about 2 months ago... They do a lot of good schtuff up there!
Zander Bleck: &quot;Rock And Roll Has Failed To Re-Invent Itself&quot; - Global Grind
rain rain go away, none of my clean clothes match my rain boots today.
I have one! Lol
rofl!!! exactly!!! hate those fuckers :D
Just added a new live play question: Will #SportingKC break their all-time record for corner kicks in a game (15)?
Looking for likes on my page. Please like my page. Thanks.
hahaha yeah but I didn't wanna call you a bitch xD
Hmm who wants to go bowling Thursday ?
yes... She knows all...
Reblogged: ‘The Scream’ Just Became the Most Expensive Artwork Ever Sold at Auction; Some People Have Never Heard of Posters [Rich People...
Happy mothers day to all the wonderful #autismparent moms n to all mothers who gave us the awesomest #autismparent dads.
This weekend >>>
No worries, I heard the little buggers didn't come out anyway... is that true?
What 'base' is Santorum even addressing? Most catholics are JFK liberals or more, and young evangelicals are liberating.
That awkward moment when someone says something bad about Justin Bieber and everyone looks at you because you're Belieber.
did you give it a whirl? How did we do? Would love your feedback!
Im a sinner..
me! I hope the multiplayer women are more distinct. In acr, I seriously had a hard time remembering which white lady I was
that was ALOT. And nope, not all. Only skimmed thru' cause i'm on my phone xD gonna read all later. :P
hey do you have a midterm tomorrow in world lit? If you do you should come study with me!
Now on Twitter: and
alright thanks, I needed this pep talk
RT : Today! Catch me hosting The Epidemic: Freestyle Battle 6PM LBJ Amphitheatre!! (Shouts to Monster Energy & Google +) #HH ...
Great networking toda - talked with Work at Home Business Expo. 3 events in 2011 in So. Cal....will put link on my website for all to see!
He'd make a lovely corpse. ~ Charles Dickens
Yea yea, tracy is jk RT Missing my
Cooking dinner while country music plays sippin on a bud light. :)
this joint gon be crazy yo! gotta thank God
RT: To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else~ Dalai Lama (via )
Starving for #success everyday. -- What are you #starving for?
Chipotle sounds crazy good right now.
yeahh i know. that is true
Didn't see him get out of the car in Tosa RT : with some good smiles and candy at the Shorewood 4th Parade.
Your so cool, thanks for being awesome!
I don't get it..how the hell do ppl get away with squatting?
who would rock a A3 Photography t shirt ?!
@ its creepy when old guys date really young girls
Been HOT HOT HOT in Hawai'i! Happy Aloha Friday!
cant wait to see u gain on younow
learned from the best...you boy
I seriously never been this tired from work before!! So needed this nap! Time for a ryn :)
not bad after 2 weeks being sick! Ugh! Boy do I have work to do!! I just finished a 3.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
you can do three things with money (capital) give, save, or spend.
10 already?! i feel like everytime i get to frieday some hits FF on my life.. wait til i see that mf lol
RT : Michele Bachmann is to politics what Fox News is to news. The more you see and hear her, the less informed you become.
wake up call.....This Shit Just Got Real
My front yard is about 15% dandelion. Looking around my hood, I'm guessing that's well within acceptable limits.
Gabe! I just saw the 8-year-old version of you! Random, I know. But he was super adorable! :)
or snob :)
hahaha it's always hot as balls. Mostly from the stupid monorail thing. It's like an oven in there.
No school for me tomorrow
I've been a promotional model For 3 yrs now, and now it's time to be the marketing brain behind the events! Give me my degree! Brains&beauty
Yes BYOU has a store in Denver-area on Arapahoe Rd between Parker & Jordan Rds. Stop by whenever you can! :)
Studying with and <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Very suddenly, my 15 yr. old, who has CP, is reading much better. Seems like his eyes are working better, mind open to it? Less frustrated?
Thank you for the RT Sarah! Happy New Year to you and look forward to continuing the conversation in 2012!
Cannot wait to see you battle to keep your title as the champion! <U+4E0A><U+51FA><U+6765><U+3060><U+3088>!
and actually follow me and reply to me makes me #losecontrol bands that reply to their fan are the greatest
He must depend upon his lieutenants, and his success depends upon his ability to select the right man for the right place
RT : Brunchie to celebrate Grammy's birthday!!! No better place than The Prado's outdoor patio! (@ Prado Restaurant)
1 more month with braces then there off!! Finally!
hey Co Ro Simps® what's up?
"turn the bass down.." -
has wicked talent, her voice is massive and if you dis her your deff a wanker! <<
July 1st is the day they start collecting :(
Eating a pop tart I need some milk
Then I need your help
Check us out on flickr and facebook!
Mary Gonzalez: "She hasn't lived in El Paso for a decade & she's only 28. That means she hasn't lived in El Paso during her adult life."
Lack of knowledge, lack of desire, and lack of dedication are some of the problems that prevent people from success.
aight and how much $$$ I need?
follow back ;)
is anybody going to wrestlemina????? :-)
Another tough loss for the #gospursgo- three losses in a row to playoff teams protecting their home court. Going home will be welcome trip.
Yes, master
OKayy :] Soo I never got the chance to find out how old you are ??
Yeah tell him stop staring at Jules from me 2! Lol
It's time to slap some heads
You're welcome. Praying for you during this transition! RT Thanks for following my blog!
niall and ali is tending worldwide. im going to go sit in a corner and cry now.
Have setup a C4 before under similar circumstances, if that could help.
I think the teacher wants to cry:|
artest is a shit shoote &not the defender he used to be...getting him back isnt much of an upgrade.I still like ebanks more
Coffee grounds are THE WORST thing to cleanup... Guess what is ALWAYS the first thing to spill out of the hole in the trash bag
dont worry about what they say they are just jealous because you can get in and they cant
O my god its so cold DX
#subwayfitchat Random RULES! My son said if I win, I have to give it to him. He is 4 and is in love w/Subway!
Last but not least, Rachel Thorne!! Just think of all the things we'll be able to do thanks to you and people like you! SO FREAKING GRATEFUL
RT : Former APD Union leader arrested. We've been following this story & tonight APD is finally talking. Tonight at 10.
Wanna be in C3 or C3 Sweets contact us!!!! Dm or email!!!!!!
it be like that sometimes haha, so u from bk originally?
There is a difference between having a Big Mouth & Just Saying What's On Your MIND! I Try not to hurt ppls feelings but I do Express Myself!
can't wait to get mine
it was! So yummy
I'll go the bragging route.
I hate
Thinking of starting a 365 project again...Hm....
Inspired by Iconic Buddhist Auspicious Symbols, Suma Chander's Fall/Winter ... - PR Web (press release)
Wow! Will students really decide how to spend $6 million from the proposed sale of KTRU?
USA USA USA
nevermind changed my name back to
Kandi-Would u ever consider producing a young girl group? You are so gifted and talented! I love you!
I'll definitely refer you when I run into people that need a videographer and social media expert. What's your website?
Thanks for the Justine Musk post. Exactly what I needed on a dreary Monday morning.
renovate the BC.
www.creativeanimalrelief.org offers a cool way to help the animals with out tons of money check it out join up for free!!!
Tigard police say TriMet drive did not have enough time to avoid hitting woman crossing the street Thursday night. No citations.
Love that is posting #ReturnoftheKing quotes right now.
thanks for the shot last night Han! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
& are the same person 1 DJ 1 Music Promoter Born in the 80's! P.S. Sheldon from big bang likes jazz....
I've got weed stuck under the keys of my keyboard.
Happy Mothers Day to all mommies. without you, none of us would be here. <U+2665>
Whenever I see the dude on the #Clemson MBB team with dreads I instinctively wince at the memory of Ray Sykes . .
When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.
#sxsw in a cold and rainy Austin. Can't wait to see the next big things in digital, film and music
RT if you just sang that last tweet about O'Riely's (sp?)
Yum! Thanks for visiting! Come back again soon!
I was very lucky that I called my doc and she listened or I might not be here!
ugh lucky ! What do you plane on doing ?!
Let's go Pens!!
I wish I had my bike right now...thought the guy would've been finished with it this weekend, but hey, as long as it's done right
Yes! RT : Create compelling spectacles.
Dont miss our crazy party tonight @ TRU. Feat: Daniele Tavella ask for Chris&Dave"s list
Buckeyes in Final Four. Only thing better. Buckeyes are National Champs.
my daughter videl watch it
i love it, drink, eat, play in the snow and do a little work. best time ever! how about yourself, are you surviving?
yes! and I cant even take it, I just want to see more!!
exciting to imagine how this convo will go at the end of the decade. Any bets?
lmao why wouldn't you just use febreeze like normal people?!
Wow - NY Rangers take the Senators late in the 3rd, 1 - 0. Great game ( if you're not a sen fan).
Making up a dance routine>> four page essay
#hookmeup with some new music guys! Send links my way!
“: If this were 1912, AT&T service would be decent.”
Also I'm not telling anyone the theme so don't ask.
Change is on the way, expecting a big uptick in Estate/Gift Tax valuations for 2012.
Tired, Don't know why I even try. Fuck it whatever.
maybe since your play....I'm just sayin...
Yep I L word him but he let's his mom influence everything maybe I should let him go I really Don't want to tho idk what to do :(
AMAZING photo! And captures you so well. :)
RT Great conversation with my brotha Richy_Rick about the #ArizonaTakeOverPt2 and the summer. Let's get it!
The world is yours and every bitch in it Its out there get on your grind and get it
Congrats & well done! I love
i hope things falling together not falling apart..
isn't it great what money can buy??
RT : Happy Birthday to my weenieeeeeeee ! Your old now lol Love you :)< lol thank you weenie I love you too!!
I'm so bitch,and i don't care...
Hahahaha!!! He had me too salty wit the slander, it was all I knew lol
He only matters now. <3
Ya know what would really make my birthday special is if Tweeted Happy Birthday to my cute fan lmao
Check out epicdental.com if you want to be cured of cavities. Seriously. Xylitol works people!! You can get it at Henry's called Spry gum.
Life's good. So I'm feeling great.
Sam Sparro yes
awesome! That lunch was a long time coming, more good talks to come.
Get rid of those Wednesday blues and spend #HappyHour at #Fridays! $2 domestic drafts & $4 #highballs will cheer you right up!
": Taj's 3-pointer wiped off the board after review. 76ers lead 48-40 at halftime. #Bulls" ouch. See ya in 2013 when Rose comes back
Bout to join the boys on this cinco de drinko
yea that one is real nice .
ya luckily for me my iPhone still works enough for me to use #instagram lol! Otherwise I love
that sounds like a nice change of pace :)
heat is down 2-1, n greeny is talking wade to black n white brooklyn
Food, library, maybe a little ball at ridgecrest
I also don't think the Nets could ever out-glitz the Knicks... especially if they don't get Howard and lose Williams.
thank you muchly:)
thanks! I'm very happy with how they are turning out as well
Wonder why? RT : New London athletic director Scott Eggart just confirmed that girls coach Troy Krause has stepped down.
what's wrong with you fam?
On phone with 30 minutes so far, finally I get someone that speaks and understands English, no respect for their American customer
miss u too! We're doin it big this year! What's good??
"AND-- MURDER HIGHWAY. WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW. PLUS-- ENTER TO WIN THE SION I-Q!!!" just remembered that. Lol
sure why not!!!
thank goodness for more gators! i was worried the baseball player and the matador might tire of each other. *awkward*
We're running a $300 special for small businesses with a money back guarantee! Message me for details to get more customers.
careful....he might getcha!!!
Last minute shopping? Head to guest services & get a giftcard! T&C's apply.
Ehhh that's not far
. we trust corporations more because we get a choice, and cuz the bad ones go out of business. That never happens with governments.
Nice collection RT >> What can I say, I like to read.
Ok Johnny Depp makes everything better.
Accidentally showed up for my dentist appt 24 hours early. They're taking me anyway
#TheWeekndFlow while trying to work on my outline for English.
At bdubs having drinks & wings....yea im back in college town
RT Slipping, dammit. Today my milkshake only brought 79% of the boys to the yard.
Until you get so drunk you can't check your email or make a phone call. Never happened...just sayin
i've been here since One Time and i plan on staying here.
RT Deloitte: employers spend 50x what they spend on training a manager, recruiting a Manager.
Long line at the deli. Parked next to the cheese sample....
love to hear that!!
not from Boston, he's from Alabama
Very similar to "Scanner Darkly" Each comic frame comes to life then transitions to the next. I'll post a link for ya when done.
Cute moment of the day: My dad who doesn't usually text sent me a text that said, "ok.smiley face!"
Was planning on being unproductive today, but I find it's too much against my nature.
Smile - it's good exercise for your face! :-)
sympathy vote? "he's just like real America"? I don't think that's enough to overcome his personality and ego problems
Eggfast now offers Regional Development opportunities in addition to single and multi-unit offerings....
thank you!
I'm addicted to reality tv...
RT Art - Dragon St. 1st Thursday. Galleries stay open late. Park & catch multiple openings. 5/7 Dallas Design District.
What's the worst rap lyric ever? Could it be "Hey, Hey, I'm Simone, and I ain't no clone" or "Hi, I'm Kyle, I can smile for miles"? Which?
Now here's a #project worth doing ;-)
Baseball at the MLB level is about a lot more than talent, but it's thrilling to see how much game he has.
jorge: Westheimer almost impassable. Still raining. Stong winds. Lots of damadge. We've only seen one person outside.
Back in black: DOA reports Wisconsin now projects $154 million budget surplus by June 30, 2013. $45.4 million would go into rainy day fund
Holy crap! Nice run too! What a beast.
All I know is Brit Brit's mess have to be at lowest dosage possible throughout the season.
Someone I need help
Beyond irritated
oh wow. I like the idea of each being a different number, and all those numbers falling from the sky.
A little cottage on a little lake in the little state of Connecticut!
Apparently you have to stir stir-fry. I'm new at this get off me.
lol I was coming home and was gonna stop by again, forgot it was so late
We cant thank you enough Kansas City! Thanks for followin us!
Happy hour on the brain? Try our 5 for 5 at 5. $5 wines, well cocktails and apps from 5-7pm. Live music tonight from 9pm-12am.
sophomore, actually
lmfao its the Arabic version... hahaha
Surprised he said it. It's what a Jewish person would say. MT : The Roger line about Fiddler on the Roof made me laugh
haha we're in business then.
Run a mile yaaaay. Now it's time to get ready for my chorus concert tonight(:
So, it still hasn't landed?
Great game today!
From Westside Albuquerque, the bosque is a lovely ribbon of gold and green.
Thank you! You can do it too Lina! Reach out if you ever need help. Happy weekend! :)
Officially an LLC! Mainly excited that I am done with all the paper work and hoops I had to jump though taking up my design time.
HAH. Very very appropriate. Thanks :)
Damn. I gotta go back to school today...
GO FOLLOW NOW and i i'll give you a shout out!
Whent to re ride ranch Tuesday and hung out with Lefty and some cool Berkshire pigs. Now come to wood and vine to see what they taste like.
nice, man. gonna quote your blog in our new press release this week. thx for the support.
Quite unimpressed w/ sore throat I have developed this evening~[after 2 nights w/ sick kiddos crawling into my bed]~ Not cool man- not cool!
u still live in Miami?
Hey Rick, we hope you had a great time! What did you do while you were here?
KS/NH GOP - making docs lie to women is NOT rightous --Job 13:4, "But ye are forgers of lies, ye are all physicians of no value."
I'm miserable and staying inside with the windows shut! Start doing sinus rinses (Neti pot) it helps A LOT!
What is the difference of a Social Media Specialist and a Social Media Generalist?
Smashing this egg drop soup.
dad lives here xx
how many doctor who pins should i pack?
Anything in the name of science!
you sd you had no one to tlk too so i figured i say hi
have to get up at 6am tomorrow...SEEMS LIKE I WAS ON A COLLEGE SCHEDULE JUST YESTERDAY...oh wait...that was yesterday.
Oh glorious day, please don't be so cloudy. You're ruining my mood.
Me: Aaron why are we such a good fit for each? - "because your just the right amount of fun for me"
So all this is actually happening, all at once, why?
Even Greinke said "Ryan Braun is a cheater" RT : Zack Greinke's day is complete after 7 scoreless.
sounds fun.
Target is wasting valuable BluRay shelf space by clogging it up with the likes of I Spit On Your Grave (remake) and Terminator Salvation.
don't ask. Lol
Horse whips? Really? Ok. This mumbo guy needs to pack his shit. C'mon Obama go John Wayne. "U R gone in 3 days, or you're gone in 3 days."
In route to Napa! Harvesting Pinot Noir grapes all weekend. Cheers!
yeah I turned off Adblock and the first one on YouTube was anti-Barrett.
All the losers at the table next to us are playing on their phones.
5 hours of messing with chords My fingers are are so numb
Worried about your own girl trying to see if shes mine, she with me when she say she need ME time.
NM Hot Chocolate and a bowl of steamy green chile stew
Happy Birthday Rich Life
Grow some balls? Balls are weak and sensitive. If you wanna be tough, grow a vagina. Those things can take a pounding.
YEAH YEAH YEAH!!
Accepted. You're officially a "runner".
Well hello there Twitter XD
;) you're welcome love
Now you have got me all fizzy. If the elves would only come and finish my new book tonight life wd be complete.
& he told me that Tim was flirtin with some bitch in their 6th bell
73% of all consumers spoken to are unhappy with most websites that had a language they weren’t familiar with.
Thomas has like 12 catches and 120 yards. Starting WR in the 2 deep next week: Thomas & Devin Smith?
haven't been there yet. will check it out! thanks!
do u not get on twitter a lot, I sent that a long time ago? Are u single angel?
In Germany they do
sun_in_scorpio's photo (null). Thanks for the photo Allie!
Gas prices went up a nickle a gallon over this past weekend.
Hope everyone had a nice Thanksgiving. Take all mistakes for Love.
just so u know i am 1 of ur biggest fans i watch u on #youtube ..... Pl follow me:)
I'm pretty sure my flight is gonna be delayed tonight *sigh*
fellas fellas fellas...
RIP Steve Jobs.
When I get old and brittle I'm buying the gayest dog possible like a greyhound or some shit
i worked 6 days this week & then gotta work 6 more days til i get 2 days off . fuck my schedule .
Texans nab Georgia C Ben Jones
I wish facebook had a way of uploading audio cuz I wanna share stuff I've been working with. aughhhrughgurh if anyone knows how tell me
Are you going away for a few days for Spring break? Place timers on your lights so someone appears to be home!
nah back home playa I'll be here for at least another few weeks
oh I didn't see u today I'm stuck with no one to talk too
what's good cutie? How's everything? I am good.
Thank You!
I miss you too! How's NOLA?
Facebook is truly evil and aggravating. Why will you not let me respond to posts Facebook??? Grrrr.
more box smh ur mad cuz he loves me ;)
Do more Do more please!!:D
So awesome. And grateful to you for doing the important stuff even though it's hard.
yes your banner is ready, sorry for the late response to your tweet
#Chronicle was amazing but i thought it would of been better :( i waited to see it for the longest time
make him make his parents hate him!!!
you going to get it?
i remembered that i forgot lol how u tho.. miss yo ass
CONGRATULATIONS!!! Very impressive of Erin. :)
Is the rain over? Scott is about to talk about our forecast next on FOX 7 at 5!
“: Shows no love... Where is my tweet?” You must show him the way!
I love when perf games happen, he's gettin laid tonight!
Awe-inspiring live shows, powerful original compositions, and crowd-pleasing presentations have helped the Booty Band build a rock-solid...
Location is a very important aspect to songwriting.
#LastTimeTheHeatWon everybody was on myspace.
didn't we need this? RT FREE Bridal Gown Alert! Giving away 1 gown-or up to 5 bridesmaid dresses
But half DP and half root beer is so good!
And apparently I am also a few stray letters behind you, given the typos in my last tweet.
Still time to donate an Easter Basket to - Drop off at NEVADA FOREIGN TRADE ZONE 6650 Spencer St. - #110 (89119) Near McCarran
#PensIn7! It's gonna happen!
Welcome back after the snow days!
Bring the kids in costume to any Colorado Applebee’s on Sunday (10/31) and the little ghosts & goblins will eat for just 99¢!
1 week tonight till Portsmouth, NH 2 see the incredible talented Will wear I Pledge Allegiance to the HAG Tshirt
So tempting to yell Cody's better when Trey Burke steps to the line.
mane we gettn a deal how n da hell we come up wit 3 hits n 3 hours
I love the friendship between & Such perfect humans.
Sure. CSO, other stuff, whatever. When?
Contrary to popular belief, just because you want to lose weight doesn't mean that you
no doubt my dude
About to get up an cook breakfast...
of course each woman too:) gotta fit the twitter characters;)
You should DM me
Even in 100 degree weather, women must still maintain a professional image. Our male counterparts do.
*rolls eyes and shuDDers* RT : The true horror film is you tweeting about a daughter. *shutters*
Thanks for sharing this news with your readers!
Sorry, I've been away from twitter for the past 6 hours. What'd I miss?
keep guessing ,,,
Helluva show! Thank you for having us! RT: Can't wait to hear more from Favorite group of the night.
until next month USC does not control the Coliseum. Costs incurred for use and security.
nice, Where'd you see them?
Waiting on the train, bo.
in #Austin! What a relaxing wonderful #spa!
I don't necessarily think Mike Brown should be fired. I just don't think he should be paid for this coaching job
JUST ANNOUNCED: Childish Gambino at the New Daisy on Wednesday, October 5! Donald Glover fans, rejoice.
Is about to pass out...and I still have to drive to Fort Lauderdale
NO MY LIFE IS RUINED ....
Congrats on 's funding. We're excited to see your future.
thats cool what do u have so far
you can order some off of our menu tomorrow night. Umm.... does fortune fish have a retail store?
thanks love <3
My planned-to-be snarky #nycmidnight second round short story ended up sweet. Oh well. Turned in and fingers crossed.
good Fufu is all about consistency and can be a tough 2 make, but hoping you will show your future wife how its done!
Bahahahahaha I appreciate it.
u at that gym with ATL upscale!
? Brinker planning to run for Texas Gov office or angling for Cabinet Post if GOP wins POTUS Is this Karl Rove strategy?
you guys look effen amazing!!!! :)
<U+266A> Happy World Music Day!!! <U+266B>
stank ass people smelling like newports and shit
You just tweeted what i just said
MVP and 2 chicks at the same time! You Da MAN!
Only 12:15 local time and my remote is exhausted.
I use twitter 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective.
thanks for the retweet my man.
I hope gets the TKO and his titleshot. Then he can rip the belt from Ben Henderson AGAIN! #TeamPettis :-)
YGE moving great now at' high of day HOD'
No Sir I Am Not! Lol
Related: i'm teaching the 100-lev class for the 4th time, but it's my first time with the 300-lev
14-5 last 19 picks! White Hot! 10 picks for Friday for only $20! 6-4 or better or your MONEY BACK GUARANTEED! Email us to set it up!
The rain is right tonight.
- Welcome Saxe! Thanks for following! Let's work together in 2012!Robin Lynch Aerialist
I miss my baby :/
a mess girl!....but you right Evelyn was being a bitch.
I'm happy to report the last dentist finally caved in and now 5 out of 5 recommend Trident sugarless gum.
Mine too. All of the sudden. Weird.
#HungerGames and #Boyfriend that's what I did allllday
nope! I'm going home after Enrichment is over. But I'll be on board the night of the 19th. Is he/she working or a student?
You are special. You are dear. You're the friend who brings me cheer. I need ya here every year. So get your rear to the gym, ya hear!
#15 Once saved always saved? #areyouseriousbro Names can be removed from the Book of Life Bro! #GodlyBroTips Rev 3:4-6
just fell asleep in a library cubicle
good advice for all, not just underachiever. I know I didn't catch the context though - just butting in as usual :)
The EPT will be played on the 3rd floor in the same area we were told, not the 1st floor. Good luck tomorrow, Sir!
Harvested kale, cilantro, lettuces, mustards, chois and herbs this morning, come by for a taste!!
Broderick, thanks for being a Razorback. No one could gain yards in the 4th qtr like you could. You will be missed.
Plus snoring is the worst thing ever. We could torture our enemies with snores and be victorious in all endeavors.
HAHA, I'll live tweet so you'll know when and where I crash. // Remember MPLS, always wear a bike helmet!!
HEY EVERYONE! We will be releasing the "Babyface Nelson" music video 3/30 at 6pm EST!! RT!!!
Next time: spaghetti post-run. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009D>
in my opinion ur the greatest girl to walk the face of the earth:)
RIP Chacos. I have had mine for 4 years. I guess that means I'm not that adventurous.
Crack is whack RIP WH
So somebody spent the night wit me last night & tha mf bitch got mad cuz that mf was wit me all day & night... #ThatBitchAintYoBitchDog lol
"I have like hyper-mobility in my shoulder blades. I really want to do a handstand right now" - when yogis get drunk.
So do you want me to unfollow you?
When i'm 15 i'm getting the same exact tatoo you have on you'r hip on mine <3 lol , my mom promised me(:
Are there any food trucks that hit up the Poway Business park area?
Agreed. SPIN used to threaten RS in that department but not anymore.
SERGE I-BLOCKA!!
this aint no picnic bitch!!!!
you have a good memory
Happy birthday!!
Can't decide if the fact that my parents tirelessly promote my books is awesome, embarrassing, or both...
"one of my followers" I think?
My first trip of the summer is to Birmingham to play golf with my buddy, Jim Smither. Excellent way to kick off the season.
In this Aug. 3, 2011, photo Jim Capannari, a small ice cream maker, makes ice cream at his shop in Mount Prospect, Ill.
Watching an interesting, if not a little cheesey, vaporware demo of a futuristic office with _all_ surfaces interactive
What do Snowmen eat for breakfast? Snowflakes!
Hi Jenn, hope's all well....
Drake be dressing bummy cause all his money goes to strippers. Praying for love from a lap dance.
never made it to the office, but will try it tomorrow!
MOS WANTED FTW.
thanks for coming through tonight! Looking forward to the event on 5/23, Through the Looking Glass!
THAT SHOULD BE ME, GETTIN A TWEET.<3
I'm just kidding with ya. It was a joke
If this info is true I'm going on a rant give me min
#fas2012 great papers, great venue - question for advocational/professional conf goers: any probs with photos or video doc during papers?
"Strapped Down My Bed. Feet Cold And Eyes Red. I'm Out My Head." "Am I Alive, Am I Dead?!" From The Song, "Rosetta Stoned" by TOOL.
I hope everyone has an amazing day!! :)
Bout to go take a lovely hot bath and read my book in doing so...
Our high school student staffer speaks Spanish. Now we can record and edit video by Spanish speakers!
san francisco
thanks for the follow! We hope to see you at Pumpkin Ridge in August!
RT : Good luck to all the students during finals!
Being a mother today is really tugging at my heart strings.
sweet sixteen reception is Apr 24, would love to see you!
It is favorite. You two are twins.
im up making beats all day...
Your favorite McDonald's meal now comes with complimentary Wi-Fi. Get some work done, check email, connect with friends...for free!
heard u had a real good yr out there at kish.. congrats
RT : HL7 Chair: "Board agrees to 1-yr pilot pgm to license #HL7 domain analysis models & functional profiles at no cost"
Thank you for voting for Forest Hills School Levy!! We are all making a difference in children's lives!!
My papa bought me choclate milk<3(:
That awkward moment when you tell somebody bye and yall end up goin the same direction.... Yeah that just happened smh
Up and off to the gym =)
Niggas N Paris......
TAMUK is losing!!! :(
Dear #snow ... Not cool. #sogladidontworkinnewsanymore otherwise I would be in it, looking miserable, telling people to stay home...
Maturity is achieved when a person postpones immediate pleasures for long-term values.
Big Time Orgasm
yes mam imma be outside. Come when you want.
Thanks for that amazing visit to bank street! We loved your presentation
Good to have your boys in these desperate times... #CAPS games that is..
That sounds fine. What time works for you?
The games and movie in the park event is underway... Kiddo is having a ball! :)
Right. In truth I'm trying to solve the project notification noise problem.
i love u more come back soon kk x
awww hi to baby!
This day has just been strange overall
YEAH BITCHES!!! I FINALLY FOUND BLAME GAME BY KANYE WEST!! BEEN LOOKIN FOR THIS FOREVER
I think that imma ride tha single life till it goes outta style! #TeamSingle&Based
'To do' list for epic #Spain and #Portugal camping trip: basic Portuguese lessons, Spanish refresher sessions, & learning to drive stick.
Chilling Chilling ...
of course!!! You are awesome. I hope that everything is going so well. Praying for you!!!
make me coffee! Please :)
Team no days off.... Congrats bro RT : AH I GOT 3rd PLACE! I GET A MEDAL. HARD WORK PAYS OFF!
Turn it on pacific time! #TheVoice starts NOW!
Get the jacket ready for Michelson!!!!!
Does that say Chicken Tittys?
Its not called stalking.....its called investagting!! DUH =P
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 87
Need help with remodeling project? Call us now 512-722-6136
White- frank ocean
I'm still going to start praying now - just to be safe. My hub is in Vegas - Paris hotel - wOUT me! Too $$ to join him. :(
<Hmm> this gives an idea. Maybe we should create a MacGyver page/committee. </hmm> RT : call MacGyver?
not very likely .. Although the library does give access thru to sports facilities ;-)
Just saw the line up for Buzz Under the Stars...I cannot wait.
I once thought the idea of was too simple to grow. GIS people who do complex things made it grow.
“: Shout out to bean pies.” Have you been hanging out with the "honorable" Elijah Muhammad again?
Spot trending now in West Hollywood, CA: The Standard Hotel - Ultra-lounge (live updates)
hell no closer then that
Your eyes are the music to my soul
thanks for keeping us updated
Watching the first 10 minutes of #teenwolfseason2. ;D
Bless my heart, this portfolio is going to kill me.
on Constitution! Need beer...
2 mile run finished. Let 36 hours of complete gluttony begin!
Don't know who u are ,but you look like a star.
looks like you could be getting the snow you've been waiting for all winter. We'll see!!!
Thanks for the champagne! I am toasting your achievement.
It's so good you didn't see the nervous wreck I used to be. You never look at me like I'm a liability, I bet you never think I'd been at all
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
Spent this week reading a 600 page book. 4 main characters: 1 kills self, 1 castrated, 1 has legs amputated, 1 goes blind. Saddest book ever
FREE $20 RIO Gift Card when you purchase a $100. Now that is the Holiday Spirit!
Whenever i do something wrong i just blame Nolan
thanks - you were great too, as were Steph and Maize (but we already know that). good for us :)
Why do we have to go back to school !?
So she wanna be late
a toshiba -_- I've had it for like 2 yrs though
I think a group of umpires should form a band and call it The Human Element.
Thanks for helping us spread the word today, Tawanda! :)
Woot! We're excited (and dashing to get ready)!
It would seem that you already have manufactured a crisis with this question.
defending champs my ass
ah. right size, but I'm looking for a cruiser. Too bad! Good luck selling it
Maureen Dowd's latest column has a link to textsfromhillary in it. I give up.
thanks for your continued support and retweets.
Of course! So glad to hear that :)
Attention: I am following those who is following #RETWEET if you did
Ricky Gervais is on Curb Your Enthusiasm right now.
a movie? Me nor any of my roommates have ever heard of it.
If you not gone talk about shit , dont worry about using my number!
Lovely to see all, sorry to jet out so quickly!
Hey , thanks very much for the follow. Appreciate the interest. Happy to reciprocate. Hope all is well in Boston. Cheers.
Running the corridors of the national museum of natural history, knocking aside the elderly.
I never needed to impress anyone to be where I'm at in life. I just stayed me...
patch global warming in mw3 please so manyy god fucking damn polar bears!!!!
Jeanne, we are eager to hear you speak here in #RVA on 3/17 about your book #2020Workplace & gain insights! ^EB
Class last day of this class
Oh, much thanks to you and your darling son!! Thanks for watching...
Afternoon reverie: More women's #bylines than men's on today's #PageOne , ,
If you're not doing anything tonight, there's still time to make it down to Sticky Lips in Henrietta for at 9:30!
followback Is an Hot account related to sexy girls and videos ;P
what's your email again
i bet I failed math.
Just go after all the Hood's don't you? Better keep they name out ya mouth.
are u going to doing the later ustream?
just one more reason to move here!!! Bring w ya <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
is the best! The most amazing customer service available! The highest quality stay and not to mention that pool! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I miss when I was 5.. And there was a fan anywhere and I got in front of it so I can sound like a robot(:
Twitter has also dumbed down reporting about virtually everything. ESPN is happy to sell ads around sensationalized stories.
Happy Birthday to my baby !!!! Hahahha! <333
It's a full day tomorrow, so try to catch me at Vanessie, downbeat is 7:30pm! Remember your GREEN!
Lame bitch bussin' shots!!.
-emailed you but didn't hear back. who can I reach out to
I wish there was a place where I can be away from all this drama and ignorance....but until i reach heaven....i gotta stay here....
sorry but got stuck in traffic driving to san Antonio. Won't be able to Skype in. Will email tonight to get notes
DAMMNNN, it comes w/a video? That's serious business. I wonder how much they cost on a regular day...
It's coming along my new script.
Looking for someone? Cheating spouse? Background check needed? Hidden asset's? W.mwishartpi.com
My PC was in the shop...Just got it back,,,FTW!
": #ONLYBLACKPEOPLESAY "Is There Food At The Funeral" "Yeah" "Kay I'm Coming.""never heard or said this before tf
A shout out to some former colleagues of mine doing great #sxsw coverage
I hv an Acer Aspire One running Linpus Lite; a stripped down version of Fedora Core w/XFCE and customized screen, SSD, boots in 10sec
Kidding me?
Working on presentation for next week's Law, Culture & Humanities conference in TX: "Another Vietnam: War, the Archive, and the USS Kirk."
I would eat them off him... Lmfao;)
- we are very much in love w/the signature beds & pillows
Trip over love, you can get up. Fall in love and you fall forever
riding in the car, just chillin'. Hungry now...want some lasagna. lol
#thevoice is fun and Xtina looks awesome!
Sir Speedy Owner Jim Brebner just completed the Boston Marathon with an Official time of 3:38:00. Way to go Jim!
The only reason people talk behind your back is because you're in front of them.
#nocheater it probably would but I'm to lazy... Ah I'm badass at this game..
i really hate sneezing with my retainer in.
I love how "Kiss the Girl" by Sebastion on The Little Mermaid comes out on my "Reggae Radio"
Should be able to scan with no problems though. Don't hesitate to talk to support via if you need help.
dreaming of my day off yesterday
Chicago Tonight. Expecting Thunderstorms. A few storms may be severe. Low 17C. Winds SSW at 10 to 15 mph.
Really LA drivers?Stopping in the fast lane 2 switch drivers when there's a shoulder next 2 you?Didn't think it could get worse. I was wrong
Just now getting off work headin home to the wife and kid
Q3: Writing my first task analysis. I'd taken for granted all the behaviors that comprise everyday tasks
Thursday-n$$!
damn...you are barely arriving since around 4??
What I do tho?
And on a similar note, thank goodness for SAFER barriers. That hit could have been much much worse.
No Expo stuff coming up here yet. But I speak online on NHB all the time! Any more trips my way? Thanks.
Little kids are so cute when theyplay baseball :)
Don't put off your summer AP homework until August! Divide this into daily tasks. Read x # of pages each day or take x # of notes each day.
better be part of that verse lmao
Not if it's the truth! =) : Is it wrong to buy the Nike shirt that says, "Skilled in Every Position"
I love #FLAXSEED!
looking forward to seeing it!
so good seeing you last night for Birthday!! Sad the night was cut shortlol
need a power nap... Cancel all my plans bitchh!
yuck. Good luck surviving the day bro...
Hope you had a great weekend and your Monday was pretty smooth.
Be sure to watch for our email newsletter tomorrow morning with some great weekend specials.
Kind of like MTV
only you damon D:
awesome! I hope she get's to do more then got to do when she was a judge - that was a a big ol tease.
Anything you do is an occasion to engage yourself mindfully in the present moment--Andrew Weiss
I'm going to give it another shot but what they thought was humor, was just fucking mean & you could tell it hurt Ming.
S/O To My Nigga For Doing His Thing In The Video
“: compared to me you are. Happy Friday.” Lol
this time difference is killing mee
at least you're avoiding the meat sweats
Ready to see what can do at A&M! When do you leave to go up there?
Every penny goes to the shop by law, but custr still often thinks we are adding in profit margins.
Treat your sweetie to something sweet like Cherry Almond soap or Sweet Pea Bath Salts!
Holy crap I'm in VA!
Thanks for the RT, Chris. Have a great week!
thank YOU for making this an amazing day.
Read 's #DirtyLittleSecrets this summer based on your intriguing book talk & LOVED IT! So engrossing & eye-opening.
it was wasted. Not even duct tape would of helped. Btw. Get towing insurance for the fig. Glad I did now.
u are such a big role model to me and ur an amazing person I love u Justin!!!
------> RT If everything's under control, you're going too slow.
AWESOME! We can't wait to see you guys! And yes, Heath & I are definitely coming to see Henry V. Can't wait :o)
Cool tell him to get at me.
All a girl wants is for one guy to prove to her that men are not all the same!
i loved how the occupants of apt L were early risers this morning. we should keep that up :) mornings together are fantastic!
that's terrible and untrue life is a beautiful thing
In the studio ALL DAY today getting ready for Europe! Excited, nervous and busy!! YAY!
It's getting all very scary now this years as the visas for Azerbaijan arrived in the post this morning! #scared!
Twitter =/= "Cool kids table", but 300 followers is cool!
Thank you for the opportunity!
that's coo only do it if it's wat you believe in
I feel like you don't shake a polaroid picture, it's more of a wiggle
Are George Zimmerman and Casey Anthony married yet?
When I was a boy the Dead Sea was only sick
Follow back please?:)
5k n morning, leave house by 6, up now 4 1st feeding of the night... gonna b a long day + softball after the walk/run!
I got ninelives bitches and a snitch aint one
Some awesome ppl to follow ->
Thanks for sharing!
If I could get a dollar for every time I have to tell a student to unplug - close program - plug headphones - open program - I'd be RICH!
Hayden's mom haha
nobody's perfect, but your perfect for me.
The reactions to Rue being black are so ridiculous that I just can't even. :/
so benign at first, until that fright-inducing gaze begins to suck your soul out like a dementor
Tonight Kevin did the painting and I did the being sick ... so yah same thing but we did it couple style ;)
Fantastic!! Thanks for the support. RT : I work in NICU :) already supporting my team!
yeah nigga that's me
RT : Let's be real this shit is kind of spooky. Tupac at
scare to go to sleep
Tweet ME
OK, got it. Henceforth you will be known as "the other black guy" - LOL
Time for water aerobics class!!!!!!!!
yup any time
Heck of a win by Towson men's lax tonight over Delaware by 5. Very complete game. 3 in a row. RSTR.
I leave tomorrow morning! :/
dental surgery, eye doctor appointment, two parking tickets, and now stuck in traffic on the way to work. Tuesday is not my friend
I know he did.(: I just never get to watch them live. I've only watched two of them live.
the weekend is here...how are you going to relax?
That thing does not like Dwayne.
Remember, the Athenaeum will be closed on Monday, February 20th for Presidents' Day and will reopen on Tuesday, February 21st.
And Riley need to wake up so she can eat n tke a bath tho...
Is fiction honest? Especially since often it is taking context from the outside world and scrambling it into a form you can
to: ONE HOUR TIL YOUR BIRTHDAY, HAPPY BIRTHDAY, I LOVE YOU VERY MUCH! From:
I guess our experiences differ; At SECONDARY level, I've seen TOO much chaos with 35 students who R too "comfy"
have a great day :)
i gotta get ready for Jess to come thru now...i ain't even woke all the way yet...
I'm on a roll!
Deviant Dales Firkin at Bicycle Cafe on Friday too. Just sayin'
All great achievements require time. -- Maya Angelou
Next time you are in the Chicago area we will definitely check out a show, create a gallery and make you the featured band.
Love all my Friends even Dave ..
Comm <U+2605> RT Wordsmith | Exceeds business objectives via communication strategies & tactics | NY/NJ/PA | bit.ly/de8eN0 |
Don't fear the #thatcamp Austin application process - we're looking for discussion, so don't feel limited to 'presenting' a topic.
- Sen Sanders is the best! Or as Fox says "Socialist Senator Sanders".LOL. Fox is afraid of the truth that comes from Sen Sanders.
If there's ever another #CICDH , would I be able to get an invite?
I've been neglecting my twitter.... SHAME ON ME LOL
congratulations. Fun way to do it
You should try and build high quality links and not just back links. It's better that you use some software to build links.
Taking a half day for no good reason. If you need me, I'll be outside.
Thanks for the shout out! How are you using Camtasia?
Spending my lunch catching up on some emails in the credential holders lounge. I enjoy being a #BICSI credential holder.
Hey Liam ! Can you please follow me ??? I love you guys !!!!!! :)
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Henry David Thoreau
You are awesome! Glad they gave you some wall art.
It's the worst ever! I go on too many shopping sprees online!
RT : Besides our service, how do you get #transit info to help you get around town? We're interested in the tools you find useful.
when i went into an auction she didnt talk and left
Looking forward to meeting Jay Maxwell tomorrow in Clear Lake!
Im staring at the mess I made as you walked away
For people who dgaf about my last post.. #TadowSlapbow ya self
How i am asking people their opinion for my paper >>>>>>
Who's ready for #ASHA12?? I know I am!
aha thats funny pick up line ;)
Yo why is it that hardly anyone goes to our Dolphins games! I'll tell you why it cost more to park 30$, than my Fn ticket! Wow I'm at hm HD!
I need to run off all the food I've eaten today. Ugghh
oh and you're welcome... I guess.
RT : thr needs 2 B a business TV show 4 performers , b/c 80% of artists forget thats the reason its called show business
...and friends to distract you, too. With the social life thrown in, why would we ever leave?
Great to see & at social media panel. Thanks for coming!
of course!
Josh Lewin finally said something funny... Describing Phillies fans last 45 minutes!!! Ha!
Ha RT : You should be aware that a #Scorpio female will not take it lightly if you are disloyal or casual in your dating process.
Na Dumb asses get locked up lmao
I'm not sure that I could do Alaska... especially after Chicago.
Happy Birthday, Taylor. Thank you for doing what you do and being such an inspiration. You deserve everything<3
there is a lot of tears that are shed in the support group. it is a place where we can discuss our burdens.
If you think I'm too much for you
college is stressful
; I really want the Take Care album .. I'm broke though ):
hello atlanta!!
THAT's BETTER!
Go Spurs Go!! Great win, now go and beat those Faker Lakers!!!
New song will either be up today or tomorrow, fan base is really growing, thank you for the support
#withNolanunderthemistletoe anything can happen. He might just knock over the Christmas tree.
the new guy Miller Wake is going today Beckett has flu
Get me 4 mor followers please shout me out!
I wanna dance and love and dance again
Ron told me to tweet hi to you
For real Melo?
Ge Convection Oven Parts: Electrolux : EW30DS65GS 30 Slide-in ...
Schools need a zero tolerance bullying policy. My 6 yo nephew is already being bullied at school because he has autism.
Christmas is a time when you get homesick - even when you're home. ~ Carol Nelson
But seriously kids, don't use "LOL."
good idea! Start the summer off right!
I like to put a lot of butter on one piece of toast and then I smash it onto a plain piece of toast. Minimal effort with maximum results.
aw! so far, yet so close! :)
Being in love with you makes every morning worth getting up for.
You are spamming.
Time for my "8" hours of sleep. Who is Nurse Jackie? Are we close to the same age LOL Nite!
A weekend full of tears, a loving girl's broken heart, and the man she loves telling her she's not good enough.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> where's my happy ending?
thinks that Santa Claus has the right idea to only visit people once a year
Please don't be in love with someone else. </3
Lion country safari for my brothers birthday! :D no school for me today
Thoughts and prayers tonight for family and friends who are dealing with severe, life-threatening weather in the mid-west.
"Yeah, well, it was the 80s. We all had wacky personas." -Bobcat Goldthwait on #WaitWait Don't Tell Me.
Organize with like-minded parents? Request a meeting with the supt? Get news orgs involved?
It's weird to see how much people change.
This Friday is our last show, until (much) further notice. @
Upgrading from the Razr to the Razr Maxx. I'm excited to have more battery life, but this backup and restore could take a while.
RT!!!! ": - i wish my dog could just fall over & die already ."
Vacation Day 1: start a new schedule by waking up early to study/write.
St. Louis!
ooh, I like that!
OH NEVER MIND. I understand!
can't stand you
lOl ik but still let's chill later on
Grill ReplacementOutdoor Cooking and Eating - weber grill replacement parts
#2222 down to 2 lanes near Mesa
i followed u u should follow if u havnt already:)
Get excited and enthusiastic about you own dream. This excitement is like a forest fire ? you can smell it, taste it, and see it from a m...
Hey -- thanks again for a great time this morning with We had a blast on
NBA regular season kicks off in a little over an hour!! A very Merry Christmas to team and arena employees around the league. Wait is over.
People that will change the world () need backup:
“: Jack White to play Hangout Fest! Full lineup release on Tues! RT for your chance to WIN VIP TIX. #hangoutlineup” woo hoo!
never less never stress
love that song
i unfollowed you because of your attitude.
"Sleep is the golden chain that ties health and our bodies together."
and at the legendary #Minneapolis venue known as the music at 9:45pm
I want my nxt girl to b white wit a killer foreign ass swagg so everybody can hate. Lol #deadass she gotta have a stupid cold body tho
come and get it
Everything...everything is $2 tonight. Tweet a picture to win a t-shirt!
he betta be getting that leak on my car fixed forreal.
This intermediate guide will show you how to do that through various tested and proven article marketing
Totally agree -- she is looking GREAT!
Say Something, if your feeling the vibe.<3
#swtc3 very nice simple "check in" screen. Progress. Brag. Move on.
If you spoke with me Fri.you would have taken some gains from your shorts yrades off the table. Today's rally lets you add to the short line
is the <U+2655> of hip-hop, can't stop won't stop! & is the <U+2655> unsigned, look out for greatness!
I agree. Was a annual trip to fly in from Mpls for it. Not going to do it for 1 day now.
still disturbed that yesterday a director of ed. at a large museum told me that education is the way to "get your start" in the field.
Maybe I'll skip the book and go straight to the podcast than.
Watching switched at birth then going to bed. I have this fascination with deaf culture. I'm tired, sore and ready for the weekend.
OH HOLY PAIR OF JEANS!
Very true! RT : Thanks for following. Yeah, Paleo is the most ;)
by the way do you and Steve know who Neil Moffitt is?
LearningExpress keeps growing. Over 800 tutorials, practice tests and ebooks now available.
Thanks for having me on the 5pm news. Always fun to see you and hash out 's #winning pr moves!
Good morning y'all!!
This weekend starts in about one hour.... and Im gonna make the most of it, been a long successful week &I feel like celebrating!!!
Thinking about how much of the price of chicken is made up of injected salt water... suddenly I am wondering more about what I eat.
Thanks to all who bought Flying Colors today. Neal will autograph first 200 instead of 100 as an extra Thank You.
So wrong! RT“: I just saw a man wearing Ugg boots, in the spring. #saynotougg #imineugene”
It was great. Awesome park, perfect weather and good game. You'll definitely have to make the trip sometime - you'd enjoy it.
Don't move in with your parents for a few months before grad school. Doesn't matter how broke you are or how much you want to quit your job.
So far looks like gotta hit wit my brotha #FMG MIKE MILLER MUSIC WORKING
okay bye :)
Got two extra vip tickets to drake tonight if anyone wants to go. Hit me up if u want prices
So my computer just shut off and it was like "Alert! Previous shut doen due to thermal fan ability" lol what
I think you'll be really happy with Armstrong. They are terrific.
Would like to see Mitt Romney in a "quiet room." (With padded walls.)
First time winner. Yay! Really excited. Noticed you live in NB. Me too!
I bet none of you can say that you jogged the Pittsburgh Mills Mall while it was closed, yes? Well I can!
: ... Insert angry gibberish here ...
I don't think I could ever put an Apple sticker on my car.
Men > Boys
txt me so i can tell you about urself !
Find a Happy Hour near you, on your phone: www.gotime.com/mobile
RT lol if you don't have mrs.bailey-cutkomp, don't talk about it. cause you don't know shit about it.
Twisting today at Bertuccis in Medford, Ma. from 3-4 pm For Tatiana's Birthday Party!
Time Will Tell
Kentucky's 45 blocks in this year's NCAA Tournament is the 2nd most in the tournament's history, and 2nd only to UK's 48 blocks in 1998.
stupid phone.
Met Opera Orgy
Jumped 17'4.5" at the NCAA championships and got 16th. Not what I wanted. Next time will be different
Time for bed for bed... too tired
WHO'S SKYPING? I HEARD IT WAS #boyshortsappreciationday FLATLINE_THE1NE
Ouch. Take two of something and tweet us in the morning.
The hilarious thing about academic work on contemp media is that you are absolutely going to have citations like (numnumchew_lol_4949, 2011)
Work with others as they will work with you
Your Mississippi group is up four at the half in first round bracket play
wow, that made me dizzy! France is pretty flat near Paris.
Congratulations Tony on many great years in
thank you!!! I just got off the phone with Rod, haha. I'm going to make a visit soon. And yes im ecstatic about this new adventure
opening week of public release version. :)
Who remembers Tony the body guard from outside? I showed him a pic of MB and he said they are beautiful lol
love the song RED BOTTOMS by iits amazing :-)
I don't need a guy that's funny , i make myself laugh
Next show is 102.9 The Buzz "Friday Night Live" show at Red Rooster in Nashville, TN on May 11th!!! Show @ 7:30. Come out!!!
Oh..so sad!
Romney calls marriage 'tender' issue, repeats stance: Marriage is between a man and his harem.
Aww such a cute pic... and outfits :)!
The most common thing we hear post-haircut? "I wish I could make it look this good at home!' While you can't kipnap your stylist, you can...
shit me too my nigga, im on fairwood and forest
lol lol... I do it sometimes just for the shock faces <U+E107><U+E40D><U+E410>
100 vanilla beans, split and submerged in 1 gallon of vodka. This will be vanilla extract for fall and winter, 2012
Was just informed by a homeless man his empire extends from the gulf of Mexico to the barren sea. Just an FYI peeps
One more #maddencurse joke: Lions ownership better stay near the fax machine. That retirement letter will be coming soon.
Man, I am wide awake today!
RIP Dick Clark
Doom on you wind!
We ourselves feel that what we are doing is just a drop in the ocean.But the ocean would be less because of that missing drop.Mother Teresa
LOL....I just saw this!!!! NEVER
lol we should go bowling as one of our adventures!
#Taboo2 Tonight ! Meet me in the Back VIP ! LADIES YOUR FREE ALL NIGHT !!!
thanks for your purposeful share at #NASPA12 I want that ear!!
One thing I'm sure of, Mr.Weiner needs to deal W/ insecurities & such a "need for acceptance" that it would lead him to risk everything.
Stretching out, About to get my Newaukee on and I dont want to pull my liver again
Hi! Typically we do not hire for the summer, but email your info to !
this Chef is in good company!
Roommate decided to partake in a screening of the original Parent Trap, on the Hallmark channel + Thin Mints and ho-cho. Single ladies!
XM folks: if ur a roots music fan tune in now to now for AAR show - all female artists. Only 20 min left.
i want a crazzi girlfriend for that excitment
What better than a "The Planets" marathon on such a cold, wet, rainy, dark day.
Thanks for dropping by today, Eric. If ever has a Roti craving, just let us know ; )
Great... Now I want some cookies. >-<
Sounds like a good challenge, NIck :)
Problem #1 Ding Ding Ding!
It's been another long, great and productive week. And I still managed to stay positive and humble all day:-). so today was a good day~BAMM.
Time to get your Warrior on. Camp starts April 16!
oh thanks... glad you like it!!
Love the response times of the peeps. Thank you for always answering my questions promptly and with detailed examples!
Texas D1 Morse knocks off mighty Minnesota PumpNRun 65-62 in Best Buy Denver semis. Team play and composure to overcome a late deficit for W
faded, faded, faded
I am a money magnet
LOve you my love please follow me please :D
you're a nerd when it comes to twitter. LAME SQUARE.
Trane sounds amazing on A Blowin' Session. Just now noticing...
My brand new macbook pro keeps crashing when I install and try to launch my Japanese learning software. Please help!!!
Thank you so much Austin & for a super ! See you next year & we love you Austin!
Not sure yet. Will send a doodle to the group and base it on ability to attend.
Today, 4-5! Presenting INCOMPLETE PASSES in Oconto, WI, Come talk #reading #Packers! I'd love to meet you!
certainly not in the can.
#immersionmarketing When brands encourage us to mentally and, in some cases, physically join a movement or embrace a world-changing concept
whenever your ready
- This is not the same Rich Davis from the PR industry, correct? Thanks.
I'm not really here :-( had to say hi tho
Thanks for the Ustream FOLLOW ME PLZ?? (:
Lol, <3 Cant wait to hear it Momma!!!
if you think I'm signing some kind of transfer paper,
Some great properties : Real estate investor Joseph Tabak and his Princeton Holdings won right to buy $112M stake in Ring portfolio
I remember 2 times clearly. Jacked up his shoulder once
My presents ate not under the tree. I love the smile I see and love I feel among us. Hope you experience this timeless gift. CHEERS.
It's #Fridaythe13th ...therefore I feel great! And you, sir?
Whatcha gonna do when the backpack comes for you?
I want seafood!!! Crab legs shrimp and scallops yum!!
follow back :-) our florida friend :-)
Come see us at the tradeshow booth or look for our street team
--> Hey you dont know me but I came across ur page off of Layar. Seems we are close to each other. Maybe we can hang out or sum?
Lmao! RT : Steal that shit RT : Girl! That was a good tweet! Too bad I can't retweet it tho cause your account private!
do u record any?
if you dont you may not need to but if you start, wow, its on then. Good looks can help you in achieving your goals faster.
aight cool u good for monday night then
fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on this fool!!!
THX and THX for being a good friend to my sis.
the tweets commemorate the final flight! Think astronauts will tweet from outer space? They have a couple iphones after all...
Seriously, file in with the Patent office & then make & sell t-shirts. It will be a blast & I would buy 1.
Just thought of a hilarious tumblr page! Hope you'll all contribute when it's up!
Wait- Master P and the 504 Boyz did a song for Katrina - "We Gon Bounce Back"?!?!?!?! *SIGH*
What's your favorite drink for brunch? Mimosas, Bellini's, Bubbly? Stop by all day today and try them all!
Happy Mother's Day
Gonna try refinishing and reupholstering a chair. There will be filthy language involved.
didn't Mike Greenfield pitch during a marathon session once?
My pleasure. I will be back to comment on the article. Have some thoughts on the crowdsourcing idea.
's and 's version of Thinkin Bout You' >>> Got that on replay.
because you live in Syracuse
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I'm in love with him, but fake like I don't.
FANTASTIC!! Its my birthday and my besties have a whole day planned out for me!! ahh #Soexcited!! :))<3
Hope the girls had fun on track day. It's hard to believe how fast our kids grow up!
Listening to kiss fm ;)
Thank you. It truly has been a pleasure to know you the last 4 years.
Larry Blair’s tips to reach his fortune from his own experience.
my apologies , what was I thinkin. Hello tallia , how are you? -_____- next week though ? How come ?
Sorry missed #uxchat tag RT : What would the group say are examples of excellent mobile UX that are in the market today?
So excited to go home and watch the WEC fights I TiVo'ed! All these emails, statuses and tweets have got my expectations through the roof!
wahoo same here now I'm not alone
Sitting with You funny bb!!!
like it, but your arms folded makes me say no because it's unwelcoming :)
get to work!
You bet! Very interesting info!
I'm scared!!! Trying out for pole vault!! :O
used to work with a man from Tequila, Jalisco. He didn't drink.
Love living in a little beach town where I can walk to my eye doctor's appointment from home.
talk talk talk ;pp
Yea! Happy Weekend to me! No work til Tuesday! Road trip tomorrow! Mothers Day Weekend!
Do you ever get that feeling when you know you shouldn't get so upset over something so little but you can't help it?
#ESPN=#UGA HATERS.
it is really you or a hacker?
All registered cait wait to start painting ... This is awesome
mine too....hearing them say "Margaret" was like ice water down my back
it's going really good today actually
RIP Ian Abercrombie ):
Is actually sunny here today!:D
Hope tonight's news takes us closer to world peace.
One-Eyed Mikes with Paul Murphy and Dan Lee and a serious bass ukelele.
I'd rather have a few true Friends then a bunch of phony ones <3
Seems like everyone is going to 's concert but me....
it's awesome when you mess with ppl hahaha
I told my roommate that Chuck Brown died , he was like who tf is that...I forgot he was from New York lls
yeah <U+2665> it was an instant connection..me and btr..n_n i remember sitting in front of my tv playing it over and over again.. <U+2665>
Thank You for following me!
he is the columnist here in Orlando. He has a call in show here in town from 6 am to 9 am. You can listen on I heart radio
Tuesday ; closer to Friday .
just returned back after watching firefighters work on a fire at Satchel's Pizza. not good.
I saw wicked when it first opened but I'm taking my mom for mothers day, it's her first time. You should be glinda again!
oh...... That's uh.... Nice. I don't think I've ever heard the word until I was like 13
There appears to be a massive ball of light suspended in the sky?
really ? I'm glad you liked it xD
you're welcome ;)
too cool for school (:
Can't wait to be back home, laying out by the pool.
Feeling weird? Go hang out at the Lubbock DPS.
Shaved head, goateed Obama would be badass.
Appreciate your response. The Publican is an exceptional restaurant, which i visit as often as possible.
“: Sick. is that kind of an enormous glove for a SS?” Glove is too bad that his bat can't fit into his bag
“: . Better no jobs than low-paying ones?” Wow! Really?
& will be killing it tonight
Working on a new song.
Thanks for an awesome yoga workout evening :)
* FIRE ALARM * Teacher: "Okay people, single file line please.. " Me: "MOVE BITCH I'M ABOUT TO DIE.
I only order what you say! If you want boneless wings, say that you way boneless wings! Besides a grown as man ordering boneless wings
Meeting my whole family makes me feel Madea movies might not be too far off from reality
well his is the only one you need to remember
I could never leave this bed. #supertired #goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Scarlet Passion by Henry Asencio! Can't wait to see what else he sent us for the show next weekend!
peeled the banana
Yes, Nick. They will be available after Sunday. My dad's got first dibbs. After that, first come, first serve.
Milwaukee, WI it is raining like Portland out there so let's get our drink on tonight. Where are we going?
Live and let live.
gotcha Radiant One but I got more HAWK in me than DOVE! And Hawks dine on serpents!
im jammin right now
Pretty new profile pics!!! <- his is *cool* (sounds more manly than pretty ha)!
RC CONCRETE LEVELING of AKRON OHIO amp AIRPLACO MUDJACK PUMPS - used cement mixer
I'm an idea person-I am full on them.
Can i get a small " Hi " It would make my life :{)i just wanted 2 say that I love you and you're a huge inspiration to me<'3
Played with After Effects Mocha for #SFGiants commercial today.
isn't your xfactor audition today?!
Cleaning House
Good to hear.
Let's see how many people will do stupid stuff cuz Twitter told them to #TypeYourNameWithYourElbow. And then try to lick it.
Yo, spring .... where are you?
like does she not know how she's making her self look?
wish I could make you my weather radio :-)
good look.
when everyone didn't have encyclopedia sets in their homes how did they do research?
Did you ever fake an illness to stay home from school?
Bring the whole family to Green Valley Lib tomorrow at 2 to celebrate Earth Day's 42nd Bday! Arrive early for full participation.
Is it true that is going to be on Punk'd? Someone is saying it is.
On the phone with Andrew and Sarah. Talking about pick up lines. Funniest niight ever. Just got in trouble though fun has just been killed):
lol i jus had to chug that shit before my computer class
Sounds like you are in the right direction! Only a matter of time before it starts rolling in. Let us know if you need help.
#10FacebookTips Guys if you have gf don't like or comment a girls picture if she's wearing thong /bra /half naked . Trust she'll find out !
Why does #Baylor uniforms looks like they are picking up trash later in #kcmo? safety dance!
Lol right! RT : I think the reasoning for me not wanting kids stems from the whole "21 questions" stage. Like stfu!
Congratulations on the Facebook fans. Great stuff!
Got addicted to instagram!
Noticed along with "Punishment Park" Netflix also had another Peter Watkins film: "The War Game". Another interesting film.
Category 27-b winner is Patrick Dahl Chicago Blackhawks
Thanks for looking that up! Now expect an influx of CaBi spead freaks EoTR. May bump up ridership.
Celina Gomez, Olivia Newton John called, she wants, well she just wants you to stop making music
Find your favorite motivational quote and share it with us! We've love to see what you find.
Oh yea, I'll be out there tomorrow
Awww. That's probably the last one left. (Although I did keep my outfit from that video - designed by Gorman herself. For reals.)
Don't miss our cookies and strawberries - An assortment of our best selling cookies garnished with strawberries @ Firehook Bakery!
I am in the process of studio recording to complete the first of two (2) albums. I have spent over 2 years so far composing this music....
lol..don't hate.. I stay flexed for days..
Mondays suck. Feel (way) better with us tonight!! It's our first night of APAP at the Kraine Theater!!
Like really........ There comes a time were you have to do it yourself you can't have babysitters your whole life.........
Hi Carol - been looking forward to connect with you here! #writer and
Saturated wit wack ass beats. Where da swagg at?
Since my muffler fell off, I can't hear the tunes. -
it was awesome, the last scene was just, well awesome
no I wasn't able to log in either. I need my own copy now to shoot at something!
By 2015, half of all smartphones will ship to emerging countries.
No. no. I have NO words... The first thing I thought of when I woke up is---no-- we lost. DARKNESS .
OMG fellas..Athena is wearing a sexy black silk dress with lace...y'all need to be here..TOC BAR. 112 Travis..OMG..ladies hurry up..
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all,Please.-12
what a champ huh hahah
Holy jazz fundamentals test. Basic Blues in extensions on piano, diminished scales, whole tone scales, and technique patters. Oh my.
have fun babygirl! :*
Thanks darling
All that we are is the result of what we have thought! Our thoughts are so powerful so choose great ones!!
Does this mean we have start putting Facebook information in our documentation?? Crazy.
Thank u! I need all the inspiration
funny. That's exactly her. Ha. Teaching her how to use mute function instead.
Forever Families: Adopted kids celebrate new forever families - YNN, Your News Now
I don`t know my 5 year old should play on my ip this much but she`s seriously perservering with things rather than quitting at difficulty.
Provisor 2007 #Syrah is a steal at $18 a bottle. This is a very bold & balanced wine that easily can be mistaken for something 3X the price.
Fascinating #sachat topic. Don't have much to add, but makes me think about SA Staff burnout.
IGNIS FATUUS album cover preview is somewhere on the MySpace page!!
Ain't No Rest for the Wicked
Wow Georgetown is the 3 seed yes!
Only 2 free books by RobertTuchman left! Win them now with $25 #cancer donation@ www.sportstacklescancer.com
Hope - we r upstairs near u-holler when yr free
Preach. RT : I miss having a twin XL bed, my feet hang off the end now
thanks for checking out my music... its greatly appreciated!!!!
My aim to is improve Central Ohio one idea at a time!
sucks cuz 2012 Royals were real ass holes to the Sox when they made us their bitch this weekend
When the mind suffers, the body cries out!
i AM HUNGRY (NOT LYING )
whats the best iphone app for #twitter?
i really mad that this clippers and grizzlies series isn't 2-2
Thanks for the RT!!! Have a great wknd! :)
#WhyDoIAlways let my feelings get the best of me?...
November 18th needs to hurry up!
Livin' the life.
It began as a wish and grew to a do-able project, thanks to a few dozen *amazing* volunteers. Really feeling the community!
IM SO PROUD OF YOU AUSTIN!!!! YOUR GETTING YOUR BRACES OFF TODAY!!! YAY!!!!
Happy thanksgiving/ turkey day :D
"REPPIN DA EAST COAST." Lmao idk why but i love how nick says that
Humor helps. Parents don't need to go this far! SNL Chris Farley Livin' In A Van Down By The River - Matt Foley Motivational Speaker
#Followers what's your #favorite movie?
Mindless Tacos!!!
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
#JustRememberThat you should always be you
All we need is a Bonfire!
Welcome to the Broncos.. Do you think this Peyton guy can throw?
it's tempting
#oncmeeting we need transparency on usability. Challenge to the vendors
me without you is like shoes without laces, nerds with no braces, ASentanceWithoutSpaces, just incomplete! 4/4/11 <3
Damn I can't wait to be a millionaire..
don't people stop your progress because they are not ready!!!
I can finally listen to a decent radio station now. Omfg. Englands radio stations are so shit this time. Smh smh.
Is "The Mittness" actually a thing? Though I suppose "Mitt" is easier to nickname-ify than any part of "Rick Santorum" - DvL
I think Arya and Sally Draper would be great friends.
We are a local business, and we support other local businesses and co-ops
Just got offered a very interesting opportunity here at work. Gonna mull this one over for a few days. Hm.
I'm a deleter nice to be here
Hahaha! Thank you for brightening my day. *crunch, crunch, crunch*
u do with tweets tho ;)
Netflix just dumped every conceivable Discovery and Animal Planet show...so now you can watch titles like: Dark Days in Monkey City
did you all of them?
What are the odds that books would have words AND pictures?
“: I believe it, (:”your gonna stab me but one more time what's your guys anniversary ? Lol
Talking to my BFF on yahoo
It's official. I need to move to Nashville haha and all in one place ? Yes please.
Congrats to all winners tonight! We also hope you were able to taste our wines being poured at the event.
The only possible ethic is to do what one wants to do. -- William S. Burroughs
Giggles while , CEO Punch! Media demos new Punch! iPad app . Free and fun, cool interactive ad units.
KEEP US POSTED WITH UPCOMING DATES AND LOCATIONS AND too :)
cool so you have the cable box that has both west disney and east disney :)
go to sleep. anger should fade away.
the floor in my bathroom smells like urine.... how often are you supposed to clean the poop closet anyway?
Has anyone seen "Gainsbourg?". Recommend?
Haha! I don't use those emoji characters much because I feel bad for those who can't see them. :/
TGIF goals for today: finish PR plan, special events plan, and go for a run.... ready set go!
I'm about to send a message to your gmail concerning booking. Just giving you a heads up.
Just signed NDA's with UMD to share aquaculture technology and create a commercialization strategies
my mom just told me to put an easter basket out for the easter bunny........
Ask and our erstwhile #WMN producer about the Soup. Funny story.
Why r men scared of marriage?He say he love ne and want 2 marry me but there's always some excuse,so I can't wrong 4 movin on...
how was your visit to wisconsin? :)
You're gorgeous !
I think it's time to go to sleep ..I got to go make my money in the morning
#CHMG we working hard in the streets AngelGE
Thank you <3!
Not many girls can rock the pink like that... #nice *fabulous voice
Chick what's going on!! How is Sydney??
#SkiforSunshine this Friday ! 8 items of non-perishable food will get you a day lift pass for 9am to 4pm. New snow, great cause!
The skinny is my absolute fav! Hard to find now that they have newer styles like the gwenevere
fly safe! Any big super bowl plans?
RIP Dick Clark! You set the bar Sir!
MT : Bully pulpit matters more than usual on this. Presidential support could be a difference-maker on MD referendum, others.
Wushu reel footage in the can.
Tickets for Disney&#39;s Phineas and Ferb: The Best LIVE Tour Ever! On Sale May 1 in Worcester at The Hanover Theatre
got her twitter back!
I'm more of a Belgian beer girl - Allagash Curieux = heavenly nectar. Also infatuated with Lagunitas Bavarian Doppel.
Joni Brennan from Kantara describes Identity Consortium Ecosystem with governance buzzwords: scalable, flexible, clear, transparent
Wow bible you scary! talkin bout monsters.
That is freaky cool - inserting artificial objects seamlessly into historical/still photos. WILD. need URL to see the rest...
It would be great if you can get the KY Clay Co boys, that just got eliminated off the Amazing Race, on the show this week.
At the airport with plenty of time to spare!
First weekend in Sept. means everyone is moving... which means the best dumpster diving and curb alerts of the year!
You dogging the Bears vs Eagles almost as bad as dissing Ryno for Cubs job!!! Sorry, Kap!
Aww Shit! Got A New Smokers Anthem On My Hands. Going On The Mixtape! Also Bout To Stop Smoking After I Release This Tape. New Journey Ahead
I'm better, so much better now..<U+270C>
worst movie of all time...Max Payne. I should have known with a name like that and never agreed to go to that free showing.
Big ups to thank you for all your time and efforts in the industry
#iwonder what my prima will say
Q2. Maintain the balance between letting others know you are looking for a #job and seeming desperate.
I have work at 8 tomorrow morning. :/
Four principles of LOD, #1-Everything gets a name and we give them urls
"I stand by what I said, whatever it was." Seriously, Mitt Romney is an android built by aliens.
you have to come to CT!! youll love it
If vibratory exercise burns an extra 100-200 calories then I can expect to lose about 1lb per week sitting at my computer.
Catch Damon Millard @ open mic 8 o'clock tonight (Wed.) @ #Milwaukee Comedy Cafe, 615 E. Brady.
really looking forward to the tacos I'm having for dinner tonight. gotta make the kiwi-mango salsa and some rice.
hope yall havin a good evening
very nice!
Anybody got any great chicken recipes they want to share?
If only people listened and acted always on good advice.........
Go Giants, because I could never, as a Steelers fan, root for the Patriots.
The ESPN guys think it was Bruce Irvin at 15. Kendall Wright was another surprise.
I wish this for my kids but them being so young and being into girls and junk...how do us as a parent motivate them to move higher?
oh I gotcha. I wanna go there
Zeustek is hiring for pune office!!! Skills: Web Design-WEB 2.0, HTML, CSS, photoshop Desirable : PHP, Flash Email me :
U live & u learn
Scott, thanks for joining us!
A much needed change of space/place. Totally dig it.
Hey Sissy Have a happy and safe New Years!! Give dad and mom and Sabrina lots of kisses from me and the kiddos. We love u!
we are tomorrow at 5:30 and next tuesday at 6. both free. both full of delicious dance and brain food.
hick town? Bahaha pineapple pineapple papapa paradise! Xinger got the "goods" u asked 4... Lucky charms... :P
What's more troubling is that you don't know! Everything still in the fridge? RT : I may have just accidentally slept for 1 hr.
@ Thanks. Keep em coming.
Oklahoma's D looks tired
How are you?
Any time.
Sup Nut...how bout u @ me nigga lol jk
I'm so glad it bothers someone else as much as it bothers me lol
Thanks, Banks. :) You're one of our favorite artists!
hey! If I may ask, where are you?
Just ordered take out and the guy gave me 3 forks. I'm eating ALONE. Guess its time to cut down.
eeeep! I have a new kitten and shit, its cute AF
RT : Just had a great My Digital Life training with Rockingham County Schools
thanks, bro.
another mediocre QB?
That's annoying.
You could buy all the Burberry you want but you won't
Congrats to for winning Kalamazoo in singles and doubles. On to the US Open main draw!
Love you! Thanks for a great season. The stairway to #7 begins again next season. # Steelers!!!
Thanks again for stopping by, Nick! And a MILLION thanks for the immense talent of and !!!
Tuesdays just aren't my day
no but they're gonna match me the difference in price
sad to see yoga pants season end.
I haven't played yet but I got in fine this morning before leaving for work.
Everybody has me laughing this morning. My body is so weak <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Thanks so much! Glad you were able to make it for some of the conference!
Whiteboard, check. Post-its, check. Markers, check. It's Catalyst Café on Gamestorming, 3pm @ Main Library, in Children's Mtg Rm.
I'm going to raise the bar and set the Standard.
Good morning & Happy Monday!! People say this is a hard day - we know it's a GREAT day bcuz we are led by PMA & not what other people say!!
Movie nite sounds like a plan.......
Great time at #TEDxSD11 great minds, great people and great ideas! The world IS within our grasp...now do something to change it!!
If you have Facebook, don't forget to enter our drawing to win! We're giving away some great products!
man and you have the most beautiful soul. You're perfect for me, I can't wait to spend forever with you! <3 -Bootsie <3Rainbows<3P.L.U.R.<3
how do you respond to Android currently beating iOS in smartphone market share? Also, hasn't Apple TV been a flop (hobby) so far?
omg same:P
Team USA Ryder Cup
I wish I had a yoga mat in my office. Not so much for yoga as for napping.
Ooh awesome - I will check out.
I Prefer Finesse Rather Than Obvious Bullshit…
Even Stevie wonder say "I see u nicca"
Aw Anytime(: <3
Fixing dinner then running at the Y
Porcello getting lit up like usual.
#iplspring "worst decision of the past 12 months" - Fleischer Studios v. A.V.E.L.A. (Betty Boop case) - you heard it here first!
IDepends on the needed task for a lot of people. Something in software, need it now, concepts at a time i specify
I heard of melatonin but am actually sick! Lol. Promise :)
Planned it out already! ;) I'm leaving my house at 9. Oh and btw, you and me and walking to the PIT which is a block away to...
Same. I've graded his test before ;P
"no fucking time for seaweed" I love Rhonda.
Malcom, thank you for connecting! Please let me know if you'd like to read one of my plays or screenplays. Best, Matthew
Watched "Nazis at the Center of the Earth" (2012). Nazi #zombies prepare to launch the new Reich. "Sucks a**" is unduly generous.
played some soccer this morning. got a chill afternoon planned. hope everyone is enjoying their weekend!
So what does the Richmond mom know about the Nittany Lion? Cheers Brune.
Apparently, that Amazon feature that pulls blurbs from customer reviews isn't showing for all customers. Beta testing, maybe?
SKD photo shoot is done! Time for rehearsal! Learning a country routine tonight! Woohoo!
Wow, the look of dejection on the United players is amazing.
Story about a man who beats up blind people. And wins.
Thanks for the mention Deb. Glad you like the decorated wine bottles.
look out world... “: Son: "Dad you're about to go viral." Dad: "just wait till I start hashtagging"”
Great to hear speak about her success with at #PRSSASDSU tonight!
Yay!!Documentary film class, exploring the human condition!
Working in the studio on a new piece that I'll be showing next week.
If the lakers lose a game: there's Haters If the lakers win a game: there's Haters STOP FUCKING HATING ON THE LAKERS!
i do not like to study
To Kill a Mockingbird is on USA!
So true!
After I ate a big bowl of rice, I spent last night watching the Knicks blow it and organizing my pinboard bookmarks and that was perfect.
eh drinking and trying to make my friday night a little less sad.
and condensation on fancily-named adult beverages
did u do the art work
get the fuck out here! Andre = Clutch!
Good luck! RT So excited. My wife is a finalist for the San Diego Unified School District's teacher of the year!!!
Awesome interview with this weekend. Love us some thoughtful public media. Interview should be on the interwebs soon!
We're going to talk term sheet, oh yeah
Ravens' John Harbaugh tells 98Rock radio in Baltimore this a.m. that Pats' Super Bowls r "stained" & "discredited" by Belichick's cheating.
u still on it?
You realize your knives are the only reason I still check luggage when flying. I can't stand to reach my destination w/o them.
WAIT! What's the exact time right now???
:) Interns only right now. RT : Hi thanks for contacting me. Does this mean you want to hire me? :)
Me too! About 2.5 years, I love it! You?
just chillin in english post to be typin an essay haha xD
University of Love. MAJOR: Godliness.
its gonna be well worth the wait tho
I'm going to San Antonio in June! Sea World and Six Flags sounds great right now :)
I need to talk to somebody. Anybody?
yeah lol because it is here too so I was just wondering
thanks(: sorry for the really late reply
me and three females in da corolla, bout to roll up, get my fucking dough up, say wudup my ziggens real quick
With my best friends of over 12 years, and , couldn't ask for better friends!
Reddi Wip + me = more time working out tomorrow..... late night cravings! Whats yours?
dear google person, thanks for showing the video we were going to show at our session.
RIP Nick Ashford
Category 24-a winner is Comcast
I hate it when people act like they have the worst life ever. Like, they're people who have cancer that are happier than you.
I used to be schizophrenic, but we're OK now.
Amtrak train is stopped with no power. Doesn't look like i'll make it in time for the amazon keynote at 9.
A fruit is a vegetable with looks and money. Plus, if you let fruit rot, it turns into wine, something brussel sprouts never do
With family and sickness and general insanity of my life, I haven't been able to keep up with Grandma, let alone Twitter.
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
i liked last nite's episode of #Glee. It was good&the single ladies dancing parts made me laugh. Glee is an awesome show! :3
Mo can't go out like this. Guy is a winner and won't want to retire with an injury.
There is a dude walking around with his bluetooth headset just up and down the aisles talking on the phone. Um, working...shut it!
talks shit like he's the coolest kid around. Your heads a little bigger than mine
Hey everybody need a photo edited or a model to photoshoot, then follow on twitter and FaceBook^^
I know that's right !!
And then do interviews knowing I don't need the job. Just really string off a toe fishing method of fining a job.
What you have to do w/ lowest common denominator TV/movies to try & be relevant. All these dopey reality shows killed it
the new album ROCKS!!
": Finish this... If I could turn back time I would:"Learn in grade school that having a boy friend was not needed!
Unfolded a song request note a girl gave me last night - its on the back of a Craig's List ad for chihuahua pups.
RT : #NowFollowing #Zambia Hi from Livingstone! What's up
Commit to growth readiness, commit to scale, build and be the consitutency: 3 keys to cracking the code on scale, says
NOT at #nerdprom OR being a nerd by watching it on CSPAN, cause REAL nerds sleep so then case rise at 6am for a WV motorcycle ride!
Um..Joey..I hate to be the one to break this to you...But as a doctor,I've concluded your pizza has an inoperable tumor..
Student ministry room looks legit! I love what has done with it! If you are a student you need to be here April 18
tori and dean I <3 u both! Watch the show and just read book #3. Love love love you all!!
Thx for following: , , , and
RT Dear sneeze, If you're gonna happen, happen. Don't put a stupid look on my face and then just leave.
Attempting to walk down Robertson Blvd without making any large-scale purchases. Wish me luck!
Love it! RT : Come to the Purdue Airport this afternoon to wish the Boilers luck as they head to Houston for the NCAA Sweet 16!
Fanny Pak are leaving tonight. i just kno.
I would cry if my brothers weren't in the room.
"and so on and so forth" is actually a nice name for a Beatles song.
Wonderful news...What are the details...All the best...
You can also sell your views to brands and advertisers
Been doing my own chronological viewing of Truffaut. Would love see his work profiled on the show one day.
RT : BIG HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ~*XsXeX*~
Josh Hamilton has 4 homers and 8 RBI's tonight.
Everything is cool man. Just chillin with my lady. You?
oh my gosh. Yes! It's cute to see them poke through but not so cute to hear screaming for days and nights in a row!
Good to go, see you at 1pm tomorrow!
Do you wanna do a tinychat with me ? PLEASE :)
Thanks for the shout-out!
thanks wade. would luv to have you down in my Jazz Is a Woman course in philly
- sometime/a couple times Between today and August 31st
just spent like 5minutes trying to get my hair out of my eyes just to release that it was my eyelashes i was seeing.....
yes it would! And the awesome on vocals! A dream jam! Haha can u make it happen? I'll play harmonica sing backup
Out 1st hand of 2nd $275+20 of the day w AA vs 88. Raised limper pre, got it in when he checkraised on 78K two suited flop.
Happy Thursday!
I don't know davidsimpsontx, but I feel badly for him. Twitter thinks he's "Similar to "...
FOR REAL!! But for the record, no cats.
see? ties in perfectly with tracy's TMI social media story.
Oh funny, and I were just thinking the same thing! such a coincidence! RT : Craving ice cream
Just checked the GDoc - wow. So well timed for my summer of new media
How to get started? Come hear Etgar Keret, Sonia Sonchez, Aleksandar Hemon, and David Harrington talk about the origin of ideas at...
God I love the Kane show!-Kelly
sick story brah
Procrastination has negative effect on success in business - StandardNet
Just minutes away from a possible verdict in the Greene County church arson case. Stay tuned. Fox 27, CBS19
This new update is pretty legit! :D
Hitchcock movies gave me unrealistic expectations of how hair should behave in a convertible.
Yes I'm so happy! Gonna go eat sushi today<3
The Kardashians got 40 mil for 3 years on E!? And they say you have to work hard to be successful in America. Yeah right.
Best #askbilas question of the night by far
Is game design political neutral? Can it be?
damn it lol
are we seeing you next week.
hahahahah I'm actually doing good.
Yeah, Rex says a lot of stupid shit
Daytimes mostly (Working every evening for the next two weeks :/) What's good for you guys?
& can you please follow me ? im a huggeeeeee huggeeeee fan of both of you
": "There will never b another disco queen" no shit, disco will never come back
Tour Kick Off's ( The Eleven): Tomorrow=Sohns/The Grasshopper Lies Heavy, Wed=Hydra Melody/Montauk, Thurs=We The Granada.
Does this mean you're backing out?
“: What do you call when 2 guys fight over a slut? "Tug of whore"
well, I'll be in tampa the whole month of February. Maybe we can all reunite then!
Congratulations on 3 wonderful years!
This band is putting me to sleep -.-
140 Characters Left 120 Characters Left 100 Characters Left 80 Characters Left 60 Characters Left 41 Characters Left 22 Characters Left ...
I haven't listen to How Fly in forever, but it's a deal.
Being carsick is the worst. Maybe next time I will just pay more and take the train.
Alarm clocks are the worst fuck you in the morning
Fantastic day is complete. Super excited about future opportunities.
hey u,what's up?
So who's starting at the 3 then? Korver? Butler?
that's what I told her too -- Football fans are the worst!
Setting up for tomorrows hootenanny is s. f.
I think MT means modified retweet, like some bits cut out to get under the 140 character limit
Walmart. Where dreams die.
Now following follow back :)
everytime I put my phone in my pocket it vibrates because of your tweets.
A payment plan with the IRS doesn't mean you are out of the woods, interest & penalty issues, but you can see the tops of some trees.
I did get a tour of ASM inside. I think I would find it to work with all the views of the outside.
ikr xD dude i almost died xD why kill me?! What did I ever do to you?! o:
Tonight! Our first Friday Night Soul Review with Ben Carroll, Jeff Young, Kara Grainger, TJ Gibson, Worth and Aquile. Be there - get some!
I went to rehearsal to day and I know my stuff but I think my Director makes me nervous because I keep for getting my lines
most likely brosiff
My patients are finally sleeping. Amen!
ha! Like 'the departed' and whitey bulger. Can't wait to see y'all tomorrow.
Pretty sure the pledge program was probably abbreviated for him...
Why would you want to have more than one wife? One woman would surely keep your hands full.
fave moment was when Kaylie gave you the page of her journal (:
"Expect problems and eat them for breakfast." Alfred A. Montapert
stoked about finally geting a Duolingo invitation
So who's next?
A good day! Had fun discussing reading & writing with 2 different, talented women writers & tomorrow is SLANT OF LIGHT event.
Great ending in PHI - Bulls struggled in late game situations- including PG not knowing his personnel and transition defense off missed FT
i wasnt expecting to see the movie but literally begged to hav me watch Breaking Dawn with her.haha this girl
oh lol I got my white ones on
dont you hate when you lose followers?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
We have a 10/10/10 winner! Congratulations to You've got yourself $10 in deal bucks! DM us to let us know where to send it!
Tomorrow begins (for me) with readings by Andre Bagoo and Vahni Capildeo, ably chaired by the
Gahh.. so overwhelmed!! I actually kinda like booking myself, I just don't have time to do it well! I can feel opportunities slipping by...
#tiger blood
#onlyskinnyppl die from getting shot wit a 22 bullet
Does the rain stop your night game?
i was ab to say the same thing. Check tweet from earlier. People are stupid.
I'm glad you said so :)
Yo Nofar- how's it hanging?
Memorial weekend equates to the start of Summer in San Diego? What about the gloom of June?
The weather is starting to get a little warmer. Are you planning a Southern Summer Vacation yet? Where to?
drinking and driving aren't a good combo.
So wait, actual scientific research isn't a conspiracy!?
I used to be Self centered, until I met God and became God Centered <3
could webinar preference be due to wanting live, real-time human interaction?
I'm at 18% body fat Bitch.
I missed place your number btw...
Great to see your team on ! Looking forward to reading your tweets.
Cuz u be whipped so easy
just tweeted your TED talk. Thanks. As a singer and as such as a healer, that was food for the soul. :)
Creditors have better memories than debtors.
American Shortcake
Oh my gosh, my heart just melted!
Rim to Rim to Rim. ~12m gain. You'd have kicked it.
When ur mentally n emotionally consumed with sumone......no one else that comes along matters or even phases u. (Stolen)
12. Minutes. Oh. My. Gosh.
Thx! We love your #SocEnt model - amazing what our communities will do when a simple model offers attractive benefits to everyone!
crown of leaves, high in the window on a gold morning
#Followback because I own several of your ZUBAZ HATS. Zubaz & Buffalo = match made in heaven
Hey! We cant wait to see you tomorrow! We are brand new! Follow us! Our old one got hacked!
Mayor Coleman on Ford Plant Closing: "It's a sad day."
lol took mi test today lol with uhm mad they in there cooking like is dinner or sumn lol!
Go follow
Had a great time in Milwaukee, WI! Next stop: Diamondjo Casino in Dubuque, Iowa! Hope to see all my Collinators there!
are you putting #SAYSOMETHIN on iTunes?:) I really hope so it's amazing!<3
Laying on my death bed.
Back home. St. Louis area... southern Illinois.
Are you at the ISS Fort Worth Show? If you are, stop by booth #342 and get 50% off samples. (Min 2 Max 20) Be sure to say hi to Tom & Mike!
I'm trying to download your music
audition for what??
Mustaches are so hot.
Ok maybe I will give it another try. I am kind of a big bang theory kind a guy. Luv that show
Lol this. RT Every single tweet on my timeline is about Osama Bin Laden. EVERY. SINGLE. ONE.
Its hot in Texas!
Bath time
point taken here comes more country
Got my tickets to !! Woo
mkayy so obviously me and jordan dont get on here much is there anyone who might wanna be on the page to so it gets updated more?
We have word that late last night the lead group in Arnold's wilderness army met friendly local Canadians on the Dead River.
Let's meet up at #stc12 -- I have a bunch of pals, like
"A manhunt is on for the stolen baby Jesus" Seriously? A manhunt? Perhaps, search would've been a better way to describe it.
just finished my bitches brew. Respect.
cheer now HOLLA.
glad your daddy found it :) see, no need to cry :) but if its coz of happiness I guess its ayt hahaha lol :) love yewww <3
I might give y'all a lil sneak peak Tom...
It was great to co-present with you! “: Thanks it was fun!”
RT : we've been told by microsoft that FEZ should be up on XBLA at around 9AM PACIFIC TIME TOMORROW MORNING.
Jameson is probably not a solid dinner option.
#PinkPost I am worthy of success
I want a 20 nuggets a mexican plate and a route 44 strawberry slush
Hi, dear friends, i just want to talk with somebody right now.. Can you?
Bobby's World my nigga.
you must be gettin' old!
Watching limitless till I knock
This is y I want to die :/
This is an and appreciation tweet.
why? Why is he like this? So much potential.
S/0 to my boo for all his hard work, dedication, and determination this semester!! #hardwork pays off, proud of you!!
I wish he understood how much I love him ! I can't wait until our baby is here . Well goodnight love you . /:
eggs smell
lln at some MB fans calling one direction gay. is that your only argument?
m I love frozen yogurt !
S/o to the homie ! for making the #shecangetit hashtag the topic of the night lmao!!
Girls cant pee in popcans.
it's not bad. It's just like someone never listening to rap, and then getting really into MF DOOM. Like, why not Jay-Z
website coming soon
Did Zumba for the first time last night. It was on Xbox kinect. I believe even the Xbox was laughing
Why should you be content with so little? Why shouldn't you reach out for something big? - Charles L. Allen
#grateful for creative collaboration! JACK is up to poetry again- "poems for the 99%" - Feb. 24 @ 7:30pm - save the date, more details soon!
Also: "Duh." RT : Oklahoma Supreme Court: Petition to grant 'personhood' rights to embryos is unconstitutional -
No :/ Still sick so I'm missing out
happy birthday!
Signing off from the live tweet session for the night. Peace, everyone.
Just returned from wine and grocery stores. Taking on Ch. 4 of DACS, while the wine chills.
I loved the love shown PHIL as he departed! ANDY you better bring it tomorrow!
#nowplaying Papa Roach - Kick In The Teeth
watching Thunder Cats
Last class of Jesus Revealed tonight! Has been informational and inspiring! Great class :)
Always smile more than you cry, give more than you take, and love more than you hate.
PLEASE NOTICE ME IM YOUR BOSTON COVERGIRL ! I LOVE YOUU <33
I ride the bus too and from school, if I miss it I'll just walk.
Me too! Writerfriendtalk & pastries & wingback chairs & chandeliers...we'll have to go back someday.
Important skills for hum. data cur.: Knowledge of interoperability and standards, metadata, markup, db design, project management
Watching my show
Philadelphia is weird, right?
That is really fun! Do you have any creative plans for it?
Same old picture just a different frame, waz up wit u miss feelin urself lol ;)? What we getting into today besides money?
I might take advantage of this AT&T unlock restore and set up my iPhone from scratch. Seems like a lot of crap has built up over time.
Nearly 23, but who's counting? RT : I guess after 22 years of living here, I'm a true #rva -er
Finally off work now let me listen to the rest of this game
don't forget to register in accordance to Megan's Law.
Hola cómo estás! My last name is Rodriguez #9 most popular last name in the US. I got more cousins, unless your a Garcia
#Quote2SpinBy <U+E148> Success doesn't go to who has the plan, it goes to the 1 who makes an action. RT
I take ball control very seriously. I have 9 sheets of Excel data 52 rows deep filled with ball handling stats.
DG! Thanks 4 the follow! We hope u have a chance to dig u some Secret Skwirl. Best & success!
Im bored and hungry can anyone fix this!!
I do not approve of all these commercials for pharmaceuticals. *This tweet will not cause liver disease, nausea, or painful erections*
Come on cancun <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
It's Gotta Be You! ONLY YOU! :)
Mom just played the word "cheat" in Scrabble which would be ironic except it's not.
Been sleep since 4:30 now i got stupid energy
I need to figure out my life like .. Now.
Wow, my arms are so tired I can't even write at the moment.
"Create a definite plan for carrying out your desire and begin at once, whether you're ready or not, to put this plan into action."...
RT : My band is playing tonight at Fuci-finos in pompano. If you have nothing going on come check us out for a great night of rock!
U.S. shoppers spent a record $52.4 billion during the Thanksgiving weekend. Retail sales climbed 16%, and shoppers spent $398.62 on average.
i hate when that nxgga is in his feelings...
Remember that happiness is a way of travel - not a destination. - Goodman, Roy M.
Nothing in life is promised, except death.
Is it possible to get Latino in America on DVD or VHS? We have an instructor that needs it in the classroom. Thanks.
thanks for that!!! xo
/// I knew Wade was gonna be the fuck-up.........like always.
Should so be in bed right now but eh it's Friday! I'll be cute! So more will & grace it is
no i didnt! But yes! :)
Did they say why? Seems to me that #LMS and tech go hand in hand.
Don't count out Fins with the Beast.
you know what's annoying? biking north into 30mph north winds.
Stoked to be with Nick @ our first comedy show together. Aight, #AishaTyler, ya better bring it! We need to laugh (but not pee our pants)
Just discovered Bread Corner Inc. with Absolutely delicious Asian inspired pastries - both traditional and modern!
Enjoy the off day! Eat right! Be ready for Saturday! You girls rock!
Ohh I hope not:/
that's good.... Hopefully it won't be cold, or raining
love the new avi! U should rename ur handle to
#np- carly ray J. 'call me maybe'
Men are born to succeed, not fail.
nice to meet you in person tonight. :-)
I just found out from that you were here today. Sorry I missed you!
Anyone using Buffer for tweet scheduling?
Love that one!
#np #favoritesong Somebody That I Used To Know | Gotye
The movie 2012 is going to be really funny when we are all watching it in 2013
Pleased that I just got twitterspam of: "somebody is making nasty things about you." They made dioramas about me? Handkerchiefs? Collages?..
Yep, dealing with this issue in the Archives lately, for an "outdated" format, it sure is everywhere
lmfao I didn't know you cared for the nba
"The objectively observed universe is only part of an inconceivably vast system of worlds. Which is not to say they exist somewhere else."
Sending out marketing information for new book released "Her," through turnermaxwellbooks.com. Time consuming!!
According to the comments on the piece, promotion & mktg in WI has been light. What would that mean for balt. race?
We're open for lunch, come by!
Is anyone else #excited for #dancemomsmiami tonight as much as i am??? :))
Last episode of The Office involves a Jim prank gone bad. Last shot is a tearful Jim & Pam as he's sentenced to death for killing Dwight.
LOVE the twibbon! Thanks for posting that!
Thanks for the follow #CHITOWN!!!
#YID rehearsal flow
If I sent you an application to be my Boo, would you fill it? =)
CANT SLEEP. Wah.
Looking at TV
new Albany! U knw the area?
During our weekly Business Meeting today, we got to see the Discovery Shuttle fly by our conference room window, twice! Very cool.
Good Morning! Let you day be filled with purpose and faith today!
Has the Internet figured out which 80s toys the other GOP candidates represent? As a kid who played with Etch a Sketch, I'm curious
He said Uncle Freddy Died! RT : Uncle Freddy didn't die.............
I call my friend nick, nickyballz and he's like why do you always call me that!? And he goes don't even tell me... ICONicBoyz?
We look forWARD to seeing you & celebrating!
how does a picture of a chicken equal vegetarian?
glad you liked it
i totally agree... how is the writing going?!
Wigginton just smashed the bat into the ground like I have done with my sand wedge on a bad shot.
Second meeting of the day starting soon. We'll be talking about A/V grants.
Sweet! Thinking Oconomowoc area. I may even try to rig one of the flamingos onto the kayak! :-)
Trying to jailbreak my phone..
3 days til i'm in da ville of NICE! less than 72 hours.... ugh
At MCO airport. Policy: cannot sell gum at airport. #?
RT ND bound! You better come see me and tomorrow or we'll cry! And hate you forever.
happy mothers day<3 i love you mommyy! #yourthebest :)
OH WOW.... #TeamAdam all day, all month, all year!
Happy Monday to you too! Hope you have a great one!
I have something really fun to share tomorrow that is completely unrelated to my atheist, interfaith, or LGBT activism... Stay tuned! :)
Won 3200m relay by like 2 laps!! Scary movie night with Nicole,Hope&bridey :)
We are at the north end of Ocean Beach at the northern most firering. look for the vball net :)
Could be an interesting week 4 Peyton and Payton
summer!...July 9th i think? wbu?
You wanted to see a game winning drive from him with 1 min left, that just happened
Today's Q: what are the vendors of challenge-based learning (CBL) ? Does CBL engage students by making the Problem-solvers?
{ CONGRATS TO YOU } WISH I COULD BE THERE..!
Don't beat up up too bad, I'm just a sales guy. <~ dude from Lenovo to me at tablet showcase lmao
I'm sure I wont convince you otherwise but Chris is an independent, one of the big reasons I took the job.
I'd like you to be right, my raison d'être is to "create and sustain a platform for others’ creativity." #future = #me?
Let's do this!
"If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves." ~Thomas Alva Edison
Why Did I Get Married on BET
215 :) ...made my weekly weight goal this morning. Wasn't easy this week. 215 is a decade low weight.
Thanks for the advice; I've been wondering what the best way to end my gov't airport massage would be!
Me too..
Hm - not near SLO, huh? Seems like they've got a little bit of funk, being a university town.
Black people only remember unofficial holidays and new shoe releases lol!!
What's your question?
Oh my god that thing isnt even human
keep tissues handy
tryouts tonight..
she thinks im you (don't tell her my personal twitter)
about to go out to the lakehouse with JiM :)
"Will Reference Survive, Thrive, or Take a Dive? Foreseeing Opportunities & Challenges"
I know how to treat his heart, I know what he likes. I know how to talk to him, I know how to make him smile and scream.! Lol latenightlove
how would you react if you got a text message from me right now?
Coming Soon: Distribution of The Trilogy. Who will it be? Rewards to the victor...step right up.
Watching nottingham beat london welsh. Well played.
Don't forget... Casper Ware will play in the NABC All-Star game tomorrow in NOLA. Will be aired at 10am PT Saturday on TruTV.
i love you to the moon and back Scotty<3 if you tweet me that would be great :)
Watching #workaholics trying to avoid the inevitable, work tomorrow. . . Oh the irony.
i'm secretly a lucky charm that you never knew about
Really man....
I'm playing hide & seek with the kids right now & they'll never find me, because they aren't old enough 2 drive or get into this bar.
Sleeping forever, night all x
TIger missing the cut??? is it real or am I in a nightmare?
I'll look for it RT : I expect fried air this year. You know, like that fancy bottled air from...
Home....gonna watch the tca :D
Chewy crazy self always singin
Zoo time! Then biz meeting.
awee my baby natalie is crying :'(
Why did say I can't believe they just did that?!?!?
Public speaking is the art of diluting a two-minute idea with a two-hour vocabulary. ~Evan Esar
I'm one leg rest short of paradise
"Prepare For The Worst., But Still Praying For The Best." -LilWayne #John ( If i Die Today )
its been a year since you followed me #ah maybe i can get you to favorite one of my tweets today <3333
RT kufeltfgs4 As a Christian any sacrifice you make (money, time, instant gratification) is small compared to the
How 'bought them O's! RT ": Undefeated in May: Orioles beat Yanks, 5-0 in The Bronx; Arrieta strong; HRs by Wieters, Markakis
lmfao i don't even know what i was writing lmfao. what time do you wanna print?
follow me xoxoxoo
2nd Saturday! Lets do this! Come see what the #firestonedistrict is all about! You wont be disappointd!
Someone should start a bank like that.
If you want our FREE Parenting CD on "Raising Superkids" please leave us your address by sending us a message!!! Thanks!!!
..yes Oritse, that phot and look of yours is so disciplined looking, am i Allowed to say 'good looking' for a 'straight' male.
Webinars are usually considered distinct from virtual events but are often mentioned together. Thanks for the interest!
I am so in love with heath slater
now I am! Thanks!
Looking for Records professionals w/ 3+ yrs of #Documentum exp for a position in the #DC area.
a sweet tea and an L is the ultimate cure for a hangover
Who's in the audience tonight at STDOAWTYGRFN??? Check in with
I just want to sit on his face.
All the Seniors are having drama with they're friends now... 30 days before we graduate.
RT : #bbcsum12 J Salter: wireless gr8 if want low reliability, bandwidth, higher $. rural areas need fiber. Wireless for mobility
TWEET YOUR #FatTuesdayMemories today!!! We enjoy them all #LAST1stFatTuesday @ Antigua
Obama warned u RT : its the 15th and I didn't pay my mortgage yet, I #BlameATMs those bad ATMs
I enjoy writing on my iPad and while I've thought about connecting a bluetooth kb to it, I've always shied away due to bulk.
big brother couple needs to go!
everyone follow the will for me please I want to follow up to it => FOLLOWW @ LEiLA_SWAG_ (( SOUTHOUT )) GO EVERYONE
Yep - every day 5 days a week for a total of 36 treatments. 30 treatments to go.
Thanks Make sure to come out Wed, Friday AND Saturday this week. Friday nite is Neon Nite wear Neon & getin FREE!
Interesting announcers were so quiet when Trumbo went yard. Don't they know about Trumbombs?
FREE COFFEE TODAY - PEETS TREAT! TODAY ON CHRISTMAS EVE DEC 24TH YOU CAN GET A FREE CUP ON COFFEE. THEY ONLY ASK FOR DONATIONS IF YOU WISH
In skool, but already ready 2 get out of skool nd I'm late, diz go b a borin day, DAMN
from who??
i know, and it will get you good experience, but in 9 months you are out for another job - how does that serve the community?
I'm Playing at The Grand Bohemian tonight 7-11 in downtown Orlando Florida with Susie Parks and Connie Fay
Is not feeling the donate to Barack Obama because it's the FLOTUS's birthday.
Backatcha ! Thanks for including us on your great #FF list of EduTweeps!
Service at Friendly's wasn't that great tonight, but if that's the worst thing that happened today can't complain.
So... In conclusion fck everyone that don't tip 18% and over. Fckn cheap bastards!!!!
Doin it my way no more our way
Sure. Where is she?
Grindin like a space case
Never Say Never one year anniversary! <U+2665> It's been one year since you've changed my life. <U+2665>
Feel free to check out our recent projects on Facebook or Google+. Search Barrientos Design & Consulting, Inc. Thanks!
All hail, workers of the world!
It was so great meeting you today!! Thank You! Your awesome! Love the book.
Pick-up lines from business men are laughable. Especially when they're ordering flowers for their wives. Tacky.
Can't wait to see project on Saturday and in Indianapolis Star with story.
Thanks for the follow! Love your name. Peace.
Roll up
RT : we have this kind of friendship in which i call you b**ch and you call me slut and we are still best friends!!
We have the blind leading the blind, and fools leading the fools...smh..we are running in circles instead of a straight line
Bama Is about to Stomp LSU!! Lets Go:))
.... You understand me everyone loves them and they're saying ICONic Boyz suck...smh-.- I'm right there with ya!
good morning
That is way too vague and way too wrong! Surrender 16 vs 9, 10, A, or a 15 vs a 10 only, when dealer stands on all 17's.
“: Listening to my fave He sings me to sleep every night! <U+2764>”<< u no they say I sing like him rite haha
<U+E022> “: All of these anti-science GOP candidates go to faith healers when they get sick instead of seeing medical doctors, right?”
Words of inspiration .. Your only as slow as the next person.
Browns still have no go-to receiver. How will Weeden fare better than McCoy w/ no threats?
Nor am I talking about trance. I mean a different sound than that, a big sound.
Ha! Yea1thing Bert is NOT in need of is a PR man. He is walking PR&that is a good thing. Might b president 1 day. Still 1of
"Come unto me"? Okay then. I come w/ chocolate on my face & toilet paper stuck to my shoe. I crawl, I stumble, I hobble, I fall. But I come.
Oh snap! I didn't even think of that! Maybe you'll run into him :) I think you'll enjoy his tweets.
TSA showed me a new feature for my year-old Reef sandles today... A hidden compartment. I had no idea, but sweet
Yes, the artist is and she had an instillation a few months ago at the design center in WEHO. Thx 4 thkin of me.
I love pushing the elevator door back open on someone who was too rude to hold it.
THEY ARE AWFUL HELP ME
she wears her red sweatpants on tuesday. she keeps her hair chin length. her dog wears sweaters when it's cold.
Who's got a good lawyer joke?
Happy Friday 13th tweeple I hope that black cat does not cross your path. Have a great weekend unless you already made boring plans.
True or false: sitting too close to the TV or staring at a computer screen can damage your eyes.
Omg talking to my mom, and I went totally Australian when I was talking<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> the accent snuck up me out of no were!
so much fun to meet you ladies at the GBK AMA gift lounge this past weekend. Hope you enjoy your gifts Kerry
A Bigger Point of Pride - You Me & Everyone We Know
If at first the idea is not absurd, then there is no hope for it. - Albert Einstein
Sipping a Dubhe, as the UVM men finish off Bobby Knight's spawn. Thanks for this one it's delicious
Thanks! Maybe it just hasn't come through yet. I have received all of the prior emails without a problem.
You dont just wake up successful. You have to work for it.
Tepper's Appaloosa back into big banks, tech in Q1
up in computer class xD
totes jelly.
I'm ready for an adventure!
Stealing this. RT :
Spending the morning locked in (due to weather) with my baby son. Running out of ideas. And he's starting to notice... (suspense music).
Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds. - Albert Einstein
welcome to the madness that is big blue
Top End Terminator Titanium Wheelchair Reviews | off road custom ...
you still got the same number RT : i aint get it lol
Sitting at Pollys waiting for breakfast. Taking a long time.
And the start to a long day is now
Pretty sure he's called "Big Ben" b/c his name is Ben and he's big. Had nothing to do with a Hail Mary pass.
Hey can I get yours and Taikis number I got a new phone.
today is my birthday April 29
I have a tattoo idea in mind. I've decided that if I still like it by the time I turn 20 or 21, I'll get it.
we will make it there one day =)
Come on people lets play follow the leader im the leader now GO! :D
Boston is just 2 games out of the wild card right now, and the leader is Baltimore. That's the Orioles. I think the Sox are going to be ok.
Wow what a great fight!!
When people propose contests at work I have to wonder: Are you not working as hard as you can already???
Had a lovely evening at the New England Conservatory on Sat. It reminded me what I love about the human race.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. Winston Churchill
So Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow, meaning 6 more weeks of winter...plenty of time to launch a new website before it starts warming up :)
LUKE BRYAN IS SEXY AF.
YOU'RE HIRED!
It ain't matrimony, it's macaroni
Hahaha! Go Cats
Thank god for dvrs and starting late. Zzziiiiiiiiippp...there goes the singing and dancing shue!
thanks for stopping in to re-fuel after your mountain bike ride!
hi I'm home too(:
bay my phone is off so when i get off work ill try to call you from brittany phone be if not ill call you some how bay
Well the time has come for me to call it a night. Till tomorrow everyone, goodnight & God Bless. <><
I cannot handle this.
It is really soon, but unless a movement against teams is done, I don't see this reversing. I think teams would've been ok year 2
In one week you learned about DrawSomething & the Hunger Games. By next week you'll be buying the Star and watching TMZ.
That's really a shame. Takes a wonderful idea and turns it into mass frustration.
When abortions were illegal illegal abortions were done
Another Scorcher! Play it safe and cool off at the Arcade at Fantasy Island. 20% off all merch. from 12 - 3 p.m.!
did you get your phone back?
buy buy twitter people.!!!!!
I'm going for a walk. This beautiful night can not go to a waste.
I want to recreate the monkey- squeezebox - nascar crop top scene when I'm home in May
there is no way i'm taking this school day seriously.
that deserves a retweet.
surprised me by ordering new carpet & paint for my room! So glad to be rid of the ugliest green rug. Also, best mom ever!
Let's all draw pictures on the free response part
thanks buddy - you're too kind. I think you're a pretty swell shooter yourself
I think that is the opposite of sick. The world sees everthing backwards or upside down!
Yeahh(: So Today I was walking in the commons and he turns.stares at me&smiled so BIG(: That's why I complimented his smile(:
Gettin Down To Dj Blend Omg Went To Down Town Riverside And Had A Blast Got So Fucked Up And Have A 3 Sum With Two Guys First Time Ever
It was the usual boring got up went to the store watching adam richman and then ghost adventures then going to bed
where at
hmm. The politician's story is changing. Seems to be some smoke here, and you know what they say about smoke :) cc:
And librarians love that you love library day so publicly. :)
can't wait to find out the winner!!
Communicating #flis outside of LIS. Step 2 - Establish authority, legitimacy, voice, empowerment and representation.
Chicago out west
Hope the #brewers have something else planned, Gonzalez cant hit either
S/o to local entrepreneurs making it happen
p.diddy stills rap ?
The Orioles held the Yankees to two runs or fewer for three consecutive games in the Bronx for the first time since 1978
sure! If your not already follow my other account please!
This #WBWednesday, we congratulate 9 women who are paving their way to new lives as homeowners! Tomorrow, Patterson Park, noon, be there!
well i go on spring break next week gurl so ima hit up then.
If you are going to see Bieber tonight, make sure you see it in 3D. Eyes need a shield to protect them, like the Gallagher tarp
ah fuck that actually, we owe YOU guys shots after that show. Really great. We're at Rasselas across the street...jazz and shit
Today we are at 210 Westwood Place in Brentwood from 11-130.ckn n dumplins,roast beef,bbq ckn + so much more. May God bless you all!!!!!
So long as there's Fox 'news' I guess this is needed. Boy are we a bunch of educated ones. Not.
cause now the focus will be more young justice not jla also didnt u love sb sm now are like cool now
is run towards my goals
Save me!!!
HAHAH well u better tell all your nurses to wheel in another bed and stick a few of your IV's into my arm..
Hi and thanks for following us. We love all things Brooklyn! Hope to be of service to you....~Linda :o)
third grade kiddo: "i wish i was a caterpilar."
Busted a mad mission with castro and salvador! We lost salvador! Ahah
Recycling centers/scrapyards have to be in the running for the top 10 in places you can #drinkonthejob on the down low.
RT : I want to say something clever about Honey Hole but I can't come up anything more clever than honey hole.
You did a good job hiding your protein, just so you know.<U+E105>
#ff Check out for a bottle of Mt Hermon Red, Reserve Malbec, or Silvae Monastrell.
Im L3G!t
Happy 2011 to you too! Still rollin along.
Had a very productive day now I'm chillin with my drink, trees, and some throwback Jagged Edge #CaliLife #SWAGG - XavierLT. com
Will send an update when I get it done, probably tomorrow (hopefully!?)
Thank you! Hope you are as well! :) And no problem!
i am not getting them :(
totally agree. is 9 foot tall and only talks about farming. Did you know Bo had a full back tattoo of an eagle and dragon?
I'm about simplification of the sound ordinances too! You can vote for Toby AND Kris Bailey (me)!
thanks jason! some of my favorite tools, stickies and colored pens. they help me think through design more than computer screens.
hahaha #wishfulthinking also moderately disturbed by how dependent I am on technology now
For there is nothing either good or bad, thinking makes it so.
I #Love San Antonio city:) now more 'cuz I know that its there:D
I just might go to Central Park this afternoon, the weather is so nice. Eat a hotdog, sit by the fountain, read.
what's yer phobia?!
Ahaha. I have pictures of Drake on my wall.
Labeling the Google Docs folder that holds all the wedding stuff "Shindiggity" has really helped me keep pretty cool about this whole thing.
GM have a good day
You better quote Mitch Hedberg RT : I feel like the people who hand out flyers are really saying, "Here, throw this away for me..."
#missingmilwaukee day 21: the RiverWalk on a sunny day
Mine & Mr.Rojas conversation RT "Why are you late to class ?" "HAHAHA bro, you're lucky i came to school !"
i hope its not just coincidence and they really have some zombies or what they will be known as --->VOMBIES!
Porcupines are fighting inside my mouth!& the park ranger is sending me to another zoo..If you've ever had a toothache this makes sense2you!
That was some ugly winning. But congrats to Roger!
Realize I never gave final score in Writer's-Artists softball game. Writers Win, the Writers Win...16-12
Death by brownies...
When I ask if we can have tonight to ourselves and you ask me what I want to do - you don't invite people over.
Love watching the tweets about tonight I had no idea you all knew each other already! That is great! Tonight will be FUN!
have fun!
Lmao lazy ass...well tonight girls free tonight at republika
the oldie or the newbie?
thnx for following me bck<U+E337>i know i was getting annohk g but i cant help t ur cute<U+E337>
interesting angle. I was thinking laziness or very poor planning
Never trust someone who cries while aiming a gun. #fail <U+E113><U+E411>
We like emails. Looks like we might have some big plans coming up....
Parents spend the first part of our lives teaching us to walk and talk, and the rest of it telling us to sit down and shut up
I think I might be "you" :)
"Greek neo-Nazis win 20 seats, eight European countries now have extremists in parliament"
Can You Follow Me For My Birthday Plz Plz Plz & Say Happy Birthday To Me ???
Proper assessment is key in reaching your health and fitness goals. Knowing & understanding point A will only help you reach point B faster.
bud, you're a stud. IM the info. It's super cool that 's tweet again. Thanks a lot.
That's ballen!
Happy New Years Everyone! Stay awesome and safe! :)
omg, i'm gonna kill sammi. the hoe. leave ron alone.
im getting an iphone!!!!!!
great Tweet Marty, excellent to see this ... how many from China ?
RT : Yes--let's keep up the American dream where every family can send their kids to college!
see u at on Sunday night oh mysterious one. put me on your list for the show tonight if you can.
it smells so good in here...what are you doing for dinner? Come see the new location and taste some of the yummy dishes we have cooking
YES!! I was telling another girl from Essex yesterday that you all should start a new trend over there! Better late than never
haha you only have 50 followers
Sure! I watch it every year, it seems.
ooh I hate that! Current job had that too and four interviews total! Crazy
“: I'm on a seafood diet, I see food, and eat it.”
the weekends fly by so quickly
Happy Monday Tweeps! Anybody have any good kitchen stories to share from this past weekend?
Dear , while I appreciate the #MN mention on , Lake Bemidji is NOT the Mississippi headwaters
Snapping at least one hair tie a day in half.
I certainly did not get my fill of Cadbury Cream Eggs this Easter. :( I'll have to perform better next year.
I guess one question is what do you think about the concept? :) Too modern for my taste. It should fit into the community better
Did 3 miles on the treadmill come downstairs and step brothers is on <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Quite possibly. Eep.
IDK if I should watch or tonight decisions decisions
Weekends don't count unless you spend them doing something completely pointless. ~Bill Watterson
when fan accounts have fan accounts.
You get a way better workout running to and from the gym not to mention a lil tan <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Just out of work& hearing about Rose! Tore my ACL&had surgery,heart goes out when I hear about someone else. Hope a speedy recovery!
Thank you for the tip
If you cross me imma get some #PayBack!!!!
are you here yet?
Boy: Wanna have sex? Girl: My doctor said I can't have sex for 2 weeks. Boy: What did your dentist say?
During sex i scream my own name. MLIB
Oh god, watching lawyers try to comprehend addition / subtraction in Contracts was *excruciating.*
amen to that one!
Harry Neale...But I think Rob Ray does a good job Does anyone know less about a sport that they played than Rob Ray does??
Learning to value empathy, responsibility, and doing without asking.
I love you too baby <3
Two exams tomorrow, paper due Tuesday and I'm laying out by the pool
About to get some <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>before work
TOUCHDOWN VEGAS!!
thanks have an amazing weekend!
In for a long day of homework and college essays..
i just moved back, and with the acception of this weekend. seattle has not been very friendly. :)
I got you! Following!
Hi do you have anymore tickets for Marco Carola ?
See Dell Social Media Listening Command Center (Hilton Salon E) to see the conversations unfold LIVE at
hey, what do you think about going to #thatcamp in chicago? wanna apply with me? team topic?
i gotcha do da same and check my music out on my profile feat guccimane e class and tumtum
yeah, Carnegie Mellon University - starting in January. I'll see y'all over there!
welcome to my party
got to attend a tea party today! Thanks to the lovely kids that I am nannying for. I feel privileged that I received an invite!
The worst week I have ever had
Nahh it's alright
you've picked div 3: The scientist: the power to be analytical, and highly employable. and what would you give up in return? sleep
You can catch me in the cherry red 150.....Pun
revised: stuck in traffic b/c of obama's motorcade; ironic since i'm in boston, not dc
Lifes what you make it so let's make it right
I can't figure out the monster : (
Well, I hope mine does your mom's version justice! I use the same recipe my mom used.
Get involved. Urge your community and church leaders to provide services and greater support to struggling families.
“: Question of the Day: What are you letting go of?” Fear and having an investment in a specific outcome
I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what's going on in my life right now..
I love how my name is now being used as a verb :) <3
Got it! Thanks. Will take them to the post office today! :D
Good times :)
Id like the #megamillions to roll over just once more. It'd be cool to see the jackpot hit $1 Billion (said with pinky raised to mouth)!
Lotus Flower Bomb
I still need to change my bio as well! haha. life as a college graduate.....
I just wish that you will #Someday notice me. :)
Watching #thesongremainsthesame. They didn't write songs, they created beautiful musical compositions.
At #ucf English Symposium listening to Dr. Sonia Stephens describe why fungi are a good metaphor for writing process. Pretty neat.
Aww shucks - thanks for connecting with us!
Me too, friend. Me too. I miss your face. We should talk soon. RT I want your Pacers to #beattheheat so bad!
I don't need your civil war
if thats love calling, take a message!
make that ass boucne
an ASA roundtable? I don't think so, but congrats!
downloading 500+ MB of Hanna Barbera Cartoon sound effects because fuck you that's why
yes, massively.
Why am I in sears and why is the summer set playing?
On what That's what's up how long you gone be here
Humid weather <<
#FF Thanks for the RTs and Mentions!
Agreed. Only time VoIP takes time is when user moves from branch to branch. Most of my time is with the online banking system.
That might be what I have to rely on this afternoon. Especially since I've got reference duty.
it's true he should have come out w/it before... but I am still very happy he chose to do so
Description: Seeking participates for a large focus group to be held mid-July
thanks for your support and RT!
Evil runs on pasta. :) hee hee She's only a little evil actually. :) Any more growth spurts & she'll shoot past her older sis!
True point! :)
My phone sucks. Omg.
Spending $200 on a family of four to eat and not leaving a tip.
Very nervous to start my new job. I just hope it doesn't suck as much as the last
"You like a nigga wit a blunt and no lite, you sparking shit, yall toilet paper mouth type niggas stay talking shit"!!
#hootfest2012 #Teenhoot thank you everyone for sending the links to so many talented artists to be considered for Hoot Fest. :)
Just had a table of 15+ special needs adults
RT : Take a moment from your busy day and just dance. #hearthappy {Yay! Needed that dance break!} :)
swag winter is what i'm gonna name my band once I learn music/meet musicians
Having 2 tests on the same day will never be easy ughh
NFL network's draft coverage is legit
You're full of beans, birthday-boy.
Between watching the Apprentice, the Oscars and political ads a guy could end up in an altered state of reality...beam me up Scottie!
i had the most intense dream ever :'(
GUYS ASK ME SOME QUESTIONS SEND ME A # ILL ANSWER ANYTHING (: DO IT
I've been great missing Dallas like crazy... You?
The heart of hypnosis- dr king's snippet of info
Thanks for the help. James, Talent Showcase Radio.
#moverslongisland available at Your request! Affordable rates, professional crews! Always a great experience with Movers Long Island!
Do you have #tigerblood?
agreed...it depends on the situation. Maybe I'm just a little wary of attributing happiness to money at all. It makes me sad.
it's against his religion. duh.
: "Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much." - Oscar Wilde
Got my half marathon packet
me too.
Let me put on some music, shower and sleep! Done studying for the night!
Actually excited for Halloween this weekend! going out with my gay husband and friends downtown :)
Heavy is the head that wears the Crown -
he got hurt in the Carolina game
um now.... you text me, that is how this works man. (:
Just another blow to make me feel less worthy. It's fine. <U+E411> I'll be alright without you.
HOLY FUCK!! This Man City game was amazing!! Congratulations after 44 years they have won!! Holy fuck the fans have ran on to the field!!!!
The conversation in my morning meeting...you don't want people coming twice do you?
#FF , host of #GrindandThrive. Such a great show with amazing interviews! Love it.
Sometimes this can be a more cost-effective choice, depending on where you rent from
RT : She has a booty though. Im a ass lover myself. <\3
Hip hop squares!!!!
WE CAN MAKE IT SHINY AS HELL *hugs phone*
well said. rents are going up because banks are not lending.
#ImA mountaineer maniac
it's not easy being cheesy! *pop*
thanks for the cutest picture ever!
Thanks for the follow
Guys dissapoint me ! i donnt understand your reason for cheating when you have an amazing girl in your life. Smh.
come back to buffalo
woah... lol sorry. Wow, u guys waited forever, n they never came out? :l they probably left through another door.
that's what I thought!
The first ride I had I went to Sandia peak. It was a bad idea. thanks for the trail info. Cheers!
This week is fabulous.
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you. - Elbert Hubbard
More or less severe and prolonged
Today we are filming the candlelight vigil scene. If you are interested in being an extra please email
I really do love our LA listeners! Hit us up sometime and tell us what you think!
. Sorry just now responding...for Dan Rather b/c he was in town to speak. Not sure why Garfield Park.
Doing tons of homework on a Sunday night.
Shame on Culver City for having zero sales people on the floor. Thanks to Roger who eventually helped me with my new tv! :)
Join Chris&Dave promotion tonight @ tru. Get on our list
Judge me if you want but I will be seeing in concert as so as he tours again!
im just trying to make music...
no I like my job. I just wish I was scheduled another day<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> duh
Awk moment when ass workouts don't make your ass bigger. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
-thanks for the names!!
coming to now!!!!
KU played much better than I expected. #Mizzou too tough at the end. Can't wait til they meet up at The Phog in 3 weeks!
*gives ibuprofen* i am too accident prone. :(
Many people die with their music still in them
I want ice cream so bad.
Whit.li magically divines your "psycho-social" profile. What does your social networking say about you? Find out at
glade i made it to see 18 gotta thank the lord for keeping me!!!!
woo hoo!! (I picked all ACC teams to go to the 2nd round - at least!)
Thanks for the follow. Would def be interested in learning more about your company!
Tonight on ABC5 News at 6: We talk with the DSM man who was accidentally shot in his chest while playing a game in his apartment last night!
Teaching class, ran into a PIT performer crossing the country on bike performing Shakespeare. He sat in on class then I watched his show.
You had them? :o girl your crazy!
TY so much !!
Who knew we were so famous?
The Dolphins have started 16 quarterbacks since Dan Marino retired
if u wanna fuck on me u gotta suck on me....
Heading out to find Lawrence the homeless artist on the streets to deliver & install recharged wheelchair batteries.
3 things I want in a relationship: Eyes that wont cry, lips than wont lie, and love that wont die.
Ok on Monday start using nicorette again and on Tuesday start running again. More cost effective than buying bespoke suits...
Now on set...RIP Sean Bell
tried DMing you but it's my letting me -- are you following me?
please follow me for a bit so I can DM you. Thanks!
How am I just now discovering this? That's amazing.
Congrats ! The librarians at Miami University just passed an Open Access policy.
We know it's getting cold out. We want you to stay warm! But follow the rules -- no hoodies and no non-school jackets! Bundle up!
Community Impact Arts Leader winner Teresa Osborn of the arts leader who has impacted a much loved #Gwinnett arts org!
Joahkim Noah even looks awkward while he's clapping on the sidelines
Yes my Clippers won!!!! Yeah celebrating too early
what the hell is wrong with me?!
Not sure who's more inaccurate in their 2012 predictions...the Mayans or Digger Phelps.
That's what I thought. Either he got hacked or his ghost thinks this opportunity to make $10k a month at home is very important, lol
is a fucking traitor!!!!!
// just got a little sad that I didn't bake my mom anything for Mother's Day this year...
GDIAB MY MOM SAYS THAT TOO. they are so alike...
Totally awesome. :)
Loving Diane Ackerman's "A Slender Thread: Rediscovering Hope at the Heart of Crisis"
ANNOUNCEMENT! I'm working on a new album, this time it's gonna be serious stuff. I can't wait to do this :)
Watching Tom and Jerry in between classes is becoming a regular habit for me. Its such a good cartoon even after all theae years!
Keep working #Bulls!
where ya at boi
Love your stuff. May be lookin' for a companion CD to go in the book Officer Down. Love to have something from you.
the plug djs, #thesockets &the whole #ilovemyplug fam gone b in #figure8 on saturday!come party wit us! $1 Entry & $2 drinks all nite!
have you added me on facebook yet? www.facebook.com/jenniferrenaebrown
Sunday is a day of rest. Make an ice cold drink, kick your feet up, and enjoy yourself.
what color is your tweet deck icon
come back in. I am bored!
Two more episodes.. Then on to True Blood!
My ninja
Don't Lazy
Thnx 4 the follow Neil - pleased to meet you. Looking forward to more tweets from you.
Im so tired of t mobile!
Just checkin to see if you actually twit or just have an account to look cool...! HA!!! The twitter clock is ticking...
I have NOT but I shall now that U mention it!
Today, at least 15 Nick Mara's randomly added me on facebook.. OH IF ONLY THEY WERE THE REAL THING
Yeah, well FUCK YOU.
I live next door. I'm tempted.
Musical word of the day: cembalo (n) - a harpsichord
lol... well now that would be unfortunate!
I'm definitely starting to feel my "pornstar butt and hollywood thighs" workout I did yesterday....
wow, that looks great!
romantic? I would say trust, love and that you both are on the same spiritual footing.
Minister Pandor: "Access to education is not the problem. The struggle is WHAT students learn & how they process it."
Girls become lovers, who turn into mothers
Super cool. Where are the #DC #internet lovers?
Thank you, girl! Congrats on the new gig!
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment-Jim Rohn. Keep smiling.
#WhoEverMade --> The New " The Looney Tunes Show " Made Lola A HOE #ThatAinnWinning =/
#CC250 please sing
Thank you for the retweet!
Hi, Kathy! Are you by any chance, Jennifer's Mom?
Steak n Shake on a school night because Nick and I crave it lol. If you need me, text Nick's phone.
Found my prom dress in closet! I'm going to look like a mermaid!
you should call your fans Gillianaires :)
