RT if you want A MASSIVE shoutout and a DM to INTERSCOPE RECORDS and MTV. (Must Be Following Me).
I took this picture <3
Can we come and take pictures? Sounds like a great event!
I can admit when they are bad They are 1-2. Plain and simple I'm still a realist That doesn't mean I'll stop being a fan
Who wants to meet at Skin in Scottsdale around 2 for a little HH & LD's?
Green has to be one of the hardest colors to get right.
MERRY CHRISTMAS Everyone!! I hope you have a wonderful safe one!!
Im really annoyed too.
Wild Turkey & Vanilla Coke. New video of me working n the studio ft. Add our facebook n check Self Serve Entertainment!
If I use a time machine to go to another timestream to READ, so that I'm just more well-read in this one, will that f*** s*** up too much?
its hilarious watching Dwight Van Gundy act like a worldbeater
Donkey Punch RT : Poll: How many pro boxers can you name? A) 0-4 B) 5-8, C) More than 8. Letters Only.
Get get get lit lit lit
If I haven't done it with integrity then I don't deserve it. Rocket up not down.
#Followmeontwitter please and
Had to reply to your tweet.
Girl keep dreaming wit tha rest of us! Lol
At the tweet up for
I'm afraid you don't have any physical evidence lol
you sure know how to #bringit - i'll see what i can do.
I'm taking a break from writing and I am restoring chairs from the 40s
I'm at work right now on 42nd and 2nd. Goin out with some people tonight though if you wanna join
So and #RyanBraun are teaming up to open a restaurant in Brookfield called 8*twelve, an MVP Grill. Who's getting a table?
Have you been hitting up any of our local farmer's markets lately? What have been your favorite spring finds?
we're all gay for you
I can get wifi on the beach!
sorry for the false Harper excitement I thought he was number one
"Was that an outside bird?"
Really not looking forward to putting all my stuff into boxes. I loathe moving.
:((((( that's bullying bitshes I'm gonna call my other bf jushtin so he can beat y'all up
“: # SHOUTS TO MY NEW FOLLOWER YOU #WINNIN” nall compared 2 u I'm not n da game baby u
Hi your funny..hope you guys are having a great night!!
Saw that coming...
many thanks- the rank and file graciously accept all the support for #socent possible. quiet trends move mts
Ohmy, I have missed you so much in my life. Yes, please. VERY VERY SOON. :]] I love you too! :D <3
Mayne! & just shut it down on the radio! "I put it down for the city that im in"
I fucking hate scho, thanks to girls and their bullshit drama they involve me in. :/ lame ass-ness!!
There's some good research that even students who fail an AP test are more college ready.
tells me "i die all the time in my dreams" eep.
Well its good that you did talk to him some(:
Busy Bee was DELICIOUS
Me & my brother is watching Go Diego Go!
#LTNY - maybe - but the question of value drives the dialog - not rates - otherwise it's a race to the bottom
tweet tweet tweet
#OnceYou go black you'll never go back
Congrats on the Harley! Ride safe and have tons of fun!
Thank you so much Andy!!!
My 11:11 wish every night is for you to either DM, RT,or Tweet Me! Or all of them!&hopefully someday it comes true. iloveyouu
Missing the crew.
how exciting!! Take lots of photos...Maybe post one here on twitter if you have time :)
Lol homework #whatisthat it's not even done at home tho
Make the right decision by choosing the Earth-Saver Bags!Contact us @ to get a free quote!
picking up dinner at Ay Papa Que Rico!
hooray, you know about it! had to spread the dyac gospel, just in case you didn't. *G*
I am pumped to be moving to Charles Village
Finding that ONE person you've waiting to find and knowing they feel the exact same way you do about them
From lived there for most of my life love it
true true , that jawn hot .
Our work is the presentation of our capabilities
wanna see a magic trick! :D go to my page when you click the "follow" button it goes from grey to blue! :o
make it easy.. Follow me!
lmao she live 30secs from that Sonic on donelson pike...my apt was right off Briley on Elm Hill
I have been told that a relative of mine may have illegally forged my name and took out a life insurance policy on me.
Lucky ass bitch
Someone better have a soccer game this weekend. I'm tryna go
about to watch Heat. don't talk to me for the next 3 hours.
I'm giving you an order woman!!!! Tweet me NOW or no dessert for you.
Extended clips thick chicks forgein whips exotic trips...
Post a pic of the ring :)
": I'm not a teacher. I am a Marine. #TheFew" Ok congrats. U spelled that right. Ha.
You're never a loser until you quit trying.~Mike Ditka
Pat Galloway is amazing. Love learning about the history of my program! All about digital preservation at
found ten dollars laying in the parking lot. lucky day!
Wow Eli is on point!!
Big, exciting, and slightly scary plans, no? Yep, I'll be at IRE! Hope to see you there!
what time? Is there a solid crowd shot of the attending Omeganauts?
we'd like to have him as a follower too. All #Colts fans welcome!
the fast green fox jumped over the boring dog.
ohh okay fine be that way then..now im mad at u
Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing
'Turn To You' has that Down to earth feel to it, a song that has an actual meaning and comes from his heart. it's beautiful.
PickUpLine: If you were a screen door I<U+FFFD>d bang you all day long
So the new "expanded" WPT coverage is basically the same coverage as before plus 2hrs of ClubWPT shilling.
Shirts and ties when cleaning the beach, please
RT : lol The look on your face when that WAISTRESS FELL ON YOU #priceless<<~~~~lol girl
If I make millions by Xmas it's a done deal!
No one can live life without making mistakes. I've made mistakes.
Who would be up for a live Ustream show-and-tell of Akira art tomorrow? Time to show off some neat new original Manga and Cel art :)
I love you to!
Can we design (or retrofit) buildings using ductless air circulation w/ in the building envelope?
Is it weird that I think unique is wonderful. She he it always performers great numbers.
RT : Violent night in Milwaukee. police investigating 3 overnight shootings - 3 people injured. We're live at District 5 HQ
But others are so misunderstanding
Bout to listen to James Causey speak @ Milwaukee Neighborhood News Service 1 year anniversary.Excited to hear what he has to say.
hm... woulda been nice to have all this student aid and tax breaks before i graduated.
"Zionism" by David Engel. Great read, succinct, well-written thorough account of IS nationalist movement
In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two
I missed you :(
Which song?
cheers! Can't wait - ill get you back!
And boom goes the dynamite says kevin Garnett
So is everyone seeing my avatar sideways??
Very bizarre, I never lose my keys!
Holy Santa clause shit did Frolik actually get a point?!
I am fine what's new
CANT WAIT FOR MY PHOTO SHOOT TOMORROW =)
I'm great! Doing deliverables for Berlin! :). Can we grab lunch in the next few weeks?
It happens.
Reading submissions! If you haven't heard from us yet, don't worry - you will!
Grinders with my ladies.. yes please!
Starting to plan new research on online dating + relationship MGMT online. If you have a question you'd like us to ask, DM me.
Dear Ted Nugent, When you haven't been relevant for 40 years no one gives a rip what detached empty suit you endorse for Prez.
is being far too kind! “: Whoa! RT : John Edwards is a fucking douche bag.”
I still miss my ex.. but my aims getting better
We want to do some great pest control on 8.6 #spop12 #bug killers
Random, but sorta cute.
I know the heart of life is good.
Mexico City!!!
why can't i send you a direct message?
Exciting News. The Harbinger, my first novel, is available on Amazon and through Barnes and Noble. Thanks to all.
been away for 3 months for training. How u been?
Senate holding #ESEA hearing 11/8 & #SchoolLibraries aren’t included. Why?! Good #schools need good #libraries!
RT : Don't miss out! The half-off Groupon deal for the Best of the City Party tickets ends today!
I often wonder why the fuck I ever started following some of the people I follow.
i tried to be a good christian lol
US Navy Band "The Destroyers" performs LIVE today 11AM-2PM at the Balloon Museum Lighter Than Air Fair. It's free!
naw no time soon... Miami first
« cranberry & vodka with a splash of apple pucker Lol»lol does sound good!!!!!
I am almost done with Improv 101 at and it's been a great experience. I know I want to dive into 201 right after.
maybe it is all the booze and weed. You might want to take a break for a little while.
Same lady from back when i was in high school still works at Mi Hacienda. Surprised she still remembers me.
No. 11 on Air Play Direct's Top 50 Albums!!!! Yes, 1st day out, and I'm number 11. See for yourself www.airplaydirect.com/amyames
True, but for Walt Disney Corp to sill hold copyrights on Mickey Mouse (not an origanl idea) for years to come is crazy.
Taking photos w LUCAS.
I think they just put the scary parts only on the trailers so people can go see it
I like how my neighbor is rockin her big bubble jacket today. G'ma said she ain't f'n with this weather.
Middle School Library question? Is your library budget keeping up with your database needs?
Oh my.............it IS a bit early. Oh well - that's what holidays are FOR
nobody care bout yo attitude
Thanks for attending!!!
Yep. In the Baseball Encyclopedia officially as a pitcher.
is taking the TAP rubric to task for being too focused on direct instruction.
I am enjoying it -- I even had a dream last night that I was applying for a job as a comics cataloger
Tweet tweet I need to tweet :/
well either you used laxitives or purged? i mean idk any otherthings you could have done
dnt start with me big baby
Maryland says thank you!!
What?!?! Really?! Crazy!
My cat just gave me the ultimatum to get rid of all my fireworks or he'll set himself on fire and sleep on them.
Need Sponsors for celebrity black tie event bring inspiration hope financial support families affected cancer
Come see us at the annual Simchapalooza today at Marriott Cleveland East 11am-3pm!!
Second HR for Harper. Took a ball up and away to Center. Nice!!
Who just knocked on my door and ran away?
I love y'all. wish I was going. Frogs.
Shouldn't you be asleep by now?
Younger guys who date older women are not in for the long haul! True or false? 222-9800
You had me at chocolate chex mix.
haha, of course
Dallas's production values are better than Houston's.
DailyHookahTip#111: Put some milk in the base for thicker smoke. But not too much, or it'll bubble up into the hose and rot.
love your Bloody Mary mix!
stealing public transportation seems wrong, but it is how tonights adventure begins
Doesn't sound good, I called an ex that once.. before we broke up .. Now I see where the problem may have lied #6monthrule ;)
didn't realize you folks were here ...i just finished up the facebook API class with
You are going to see *such* a great show.
how you vote fam?
when is it? My gran lives in Huntington Beach...
I hate going to "Ghetto Basket" (-__-) lol
CONGRATS!! Out of everyone you are so humble loving and deserving!! Xoxoxo
Happy Birthday beautiful
I am beyond sick of being part of people's games. I'm giving up on men and becoming a nun.
naw not me, that's you
And...cue the Steve Novak racist headlines.
2night will break 3 records "HOLLYWOOD, RISING ICON, FREE AT LAST" 8PM-10PM on sikmixxradio.com (Tune In World)
1921- #FieldMuseum opened. It was housed in the building originally called the Hall of Fine Arts in the Great #Chicago Exhibition of 1893.
Well off to get my hair done todays the big day.
Every setback is a setup for God to really show up in your life!!
cooking food with
na he's good can't hate on the person u love
i been quoteing forever
#OnlyFatPeople Drink Diet Soda With A Full Course McDonalds Meal , Thinkin' iTs Gone Make A Difference .
Hanging with in gym! #TGIF Last Friday at MSHS!
With the bros at the Brownsburg Bowl!
Dynasty by is my ringtone. Today is a good day.
Good bye my love!
They do love it! They've been making me sing rubber ducky since I got it. And trust me, he already has it!
My cat meows all the time
Books & Thugs! And BYOB
RT : Happy customers now.. enjoying Fresh Lenguado/Flounder for our special cebiches and tiraditos…just
I had a great time. If I don't see you in Vegas this summer at the WSOP, I'll see you at next year's event.
RT FOX 29 Joe Estrada, Jr. has been sentenced to life in prison for the death of restaurant owner Viola Barrios
Today is my bday!!!! So excited!
Forever is composed of nows. -Emily Dickinson
Maybe the cause is not remembering conversations one has when one is drunk. Stop drunk dialing.
Choke-crying.
Be joyful always; pray continually; give thanks in all circumstances, for this is God's will for you in Christ Jesus. 1Thessalonians 5:16-18
This game is just stupid...
not at all. it came from the 1rst class, a conversation about marx & melville being babies at the same time . . .
Yes I know it hurts at first but
Use chckdisc to see the default partition size of SQL Database drive;Standard recommended for SQL is 64 KB allocation size.
#edulive Would add that Library Trends and C&RL publish some great articles about computing environments and students within higher ed libs
and i can only assume i have the seat next to you?
if you want. i messaged you on there
#9sM i really want those
So tired wuz does skol have to starr so early
Ugh...well my Stanley Cup prediction is officially busted. #TeamKings now
You can live your life on the bright side, but never live it in ignorance or delusion.
I'm at an international school in the Philippines. The long break is because we shortened summer break. I'm craving april!
Three days off and got paid today
let's do it after this week cuz of exams an stuff. What do u wanna do? Have u heard tori Kelly sing someone like you with some guy
Me too, dude. Guilty pleasure.
Those after school long naps > >
1000 galleons to the plebe that constructs a lighting device for and i's 2ftx2ft pitch black shower. And... go.
Best tweet ever.
Things are good. You guys will see me soon ;)
My 12 yo had a cardboard cutout of The Doctor at her birthday party!
write a paragraph, check twitter
Still debating taking fashion cues from (spawn of ) & wearing knee high rainbow socks with a skirt to school.
with my girls family! How was last night
I'm going to buy a king hat tomorrow down on south street. Hey, lets go drinking if you're in Philly again. I'll wear my hat..
are u scared now? I took pictures but they where really creepy I took them in my basement with a lighter and a flashlight
I wish the Dollar Store would sell gas!
then I guess OKC can't even beat old people with saggy balls
I don't have a problem with it either. I'm more shocked at the players who keep doing this. At this point, they're just assholes.
Girl, would you love me if I was down or out, would you still have love fo me?
indeed. well-said.
Haha! Yes. Especially because my PG shot 53% from the charity stripe. Felt so bad for the shooter that travelled on that play.
BLOUSE -SELF'MADE
Hands down, best halftime show ever
I just took the power pledge!!! It's so amazing how you guys want to stop bullying <U+270C>,<U+2764>,<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0091>
I have a test tomorrow and I'm gonna fail and get no sleep.
Non-lottery draft order goes by regular season record. Lakers pick for the Cavs will be 24.
Oh my gosh!! You guys must be so sick of skittles! I'll take some. ;)
I will if you follow me (:
#FF To my fav #Health & #Fitness Bloggers:
jojo what r u doing up? You have 2 work 2morrow no I will never hate on u jojo
I WANNA RIDE I-I WANNA RIDE!!!!! HAHAHA LOL LOVING IT:)
An awesome Indian wedding!
I know right haha it was by the vending machines
Bad: my allergies are creeping up on me. Worse: forgot to take my meds.
Everyday, you can get one step closer to your goal.
Doing homework is much more exciting w/ a soundtrack of the showing some beantown hostility...I mean hospitality to ATL.
Favorite Taco Recipes These taco recipes give you lots of ways to enjoy one of kids' favorite foods. Of course, you can make classic grou
Who the hell gave lady gaga an HBO special?!? They really really need fired.
HATE ON ME AND GET YO ASS LYRICALLY BEAT THE FUCK UP! BY ME AND MY TEAM>>>>
yesterday Alan Kay called it "Ma" Japanese term for "inbetween"
The pessimist complains about the wind, the optimist expects it to change, and the realist adjusts the sails.
I love M.O.E because its all about that dollars when people see us coming
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.
Working out...
shitty.. what's wrong with it??
Who has extra coats lying around? There are plenty of people who need them! We are a #coats for Colorado drop off location
WOW what an honor! How did u get a chance to have tea with Mother Teresa? Amazing & very blessed.
Fika: Swedish for "our line is shorter than "
WHY in the name of all that's good would ppl-no, punks-trash for his decision to cut UK? Seriously!!! Shame on you! Get a grip!
I'm a dalmatian...NOT a cow....I have no utter.
You drunk?
Thank you :)
My smartphone has saved my ass so many times.
Is it not a lemur?
Greek Proverb~ To love is nothing. To be loved is something. To love and be loved is everything.
OMG looks so sexy on #Glee tonight!
Why can't it be Friday already?
I hate how bilingualism is encouraged in the workforce, but not accommodated in education.
can I vote for you
Dreams are only in fairy tales. #not real
Taylor Gang or get headbutted by Rihanna.
Custard: it's the best thing ever.
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them.
umm "little man"?
Thank you so much for sharing inspirational poems by Houston children through the WITS Poem A Day campaign!...
Those that would stand in your way are only relevant to the extent you allow them to be.
It's a really bad thing to have Montero hitting after Jones...
Happy New Year, everyone. Liberty lives in each of you. ¡Viva la libertad!
oh I do. Let's start with low eyes pouty lips one
crying into your beer?
Doing some research on making documents 508-compatible in the U.S.A., i.e., able to be used by the visually impaired.
Thanks Jenny! Hope to see u there!!
spent the most amazing weekend in san diego. Was amazing. Jet skis and quad cycles. Insain.
you too?! come over.
Is it bad any time Lebron fails miserably it makes me smile? Didn't think so haha
DANG - she's caught up :O
English mid-term was Easy! :D
I'm seriously obsessed with the new record. Can't stop listening. Very, very, very excited to see them play next weekend!!
Got it - yes, I enjoy her works related to leadership too. I would like to tweet and/or blog - just created a Tumblr account!
Interesting! Small world :) Once all debts are paid, at the very least I'll find a way to rent an R8 for a month or two :)
The deadline for the Los Angeles Fall Program is Monday, May 2nd! Apply now!
Good morning
in addition to being MVTweeter is quite the presentation delivery / slide preparation ninja!
Being in the house alone isn't as bad as I thought it would be
Good, our evil plan is working!
I can't wait to graduate. Like honestly.
Michelle.. You need to focus
feel u on that..I'm in cali..killin the actin game ma..so I kno just what u talkin bout..hit me on facebook 2..Kiyano La'vin
Thanks for the heads up! I remember watching a film where an 8-yr old was breastfed in 1 scene. He said, "Yummy, tacos." Eew
The first day back at work after vacation.
my limits r spinnin around bcuz i love like woe while im youngforever on balconies when everything stays four the same.
Fear and Loathing reference in the movie Rango, awesome!!!
Hunger is worst than any #disease. Hunger kills faster than any desease. Hunger dosn't need research. Research? Answer. Dnt eat 4 a day.
Talent show practice was a
Visiting Indianapolis for the weekend? We'd love for you to join us at the Milano Inn for family-style #Italian cuisine.
Meanwhile waiting for the Alliance Black Box to clear out so we can rehearse. Fabulous Fable Factory runs next Thursday through Sunday.
goodnight waking up early :/
« It's sad how the people you were once so close with can become just another stranger you don't know.»
today has seriously been the best.
Being ignored by a celebrity on TWTTR makes me feel like a telemarketer getting hung up on or LiLo's agent to movie studios.
Omg! These pants are so damn long! I had to roll them up 5x <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Paint your walls light green, hang up multicolored christmas lights, then tape crayons to your wall then MELT THEM. HAHA IDK
“: ACTUALLY pulled a carly rae jepsen today at the mall... and it paid off #calledmeDEFINITELY :D xx” swag :)
Good night!
Your stupid words don't even phase me. Talk it up bitch, go fucking crazy.
yum. I've gotta try those.
already on it! :)
it was some excellent greek food. Super indy more than a hashtag
Aye all of #dmv stand up!!!!!! 's mixtape releases tomorrow spread the word!!!!!!
Do you ever just look around your place and wonder when the tornado came through? Because that's just what happened...
#FF he finds us food great online friend nice man. our soul my cohort
that does sound like a good time.
#SaturdayNightGleever is amazing so far!!!! Everyone is just phenomenal!
and im working RT Rose bowl special $20 unlim taps and halftime buffet, see you soon
: what's got you stressed? Don't believe the rumors... Santorum has not chance clinching the nomination. :P
just let her know the closest i can be to having a song about me, is at least knowing someone who does. #takingliberties. LOL!
no longer painting at the sailor Jerry event due to weather. Pls still go an chx it out n say hi to Erin . Flyer is up on Fletcher702.com
59 years & still going strong - so glad we could share so much happiness with you!
What are the police going to announce in the investigation of a man shot on 205 at their news conference on Thursday? Watch KATU at 11.
I can't do this!
Prediction for CHI-DEN... it's gonna be 3-6 final, LOL
Perhaps our access to AV equipment gives us phenomenal powers of insight? <U+263A>
omg: those weren't worms I ran over, they were little curvy sticks. Millions of them, the same size.
This guy on TV ran 43 marathons in 51 days..
GOD KEEP BLESSiNG YOU &&ND THE ONLY PPL YOU KiSS UP TO iS THE PPL THAT WANT TO SEE YOU SUCCEED...
We don't all have time to constantly shift our Twitter picture, nor perhaps take as good pix as you
Where's this from?
ah that sounds flipping amazing.
Question is, if our USC offered, would he consider?
Warning for the next...
#nw sponge bob . My fav cartoon :)
“: Lets go #JRNation” yes yes yes :)
William Lloyd Garrison~ I am in earnest--I will not equivocate--I will not excuse--I will not retreat a single inch--and I will be heard.
I hope you had a wonderful weekend. Thanks for the RT!
I rlly hate running
Bryce Harper had a hissy fit that ended with him just missing blinding himself with a broken bat. Gotta admire the way he plays...
Music music and more music!
I hear this from ladyfriends every year about the same time, winter is a better time to pounce lol
Thank u sir!
The Diminishing Digital Divide
Who let's there 14 and 15 year olds get tattoos? Seriously.
Fuck you school.
Fuck you! <-- to the dude who kept buying rounds last night... My head is banging <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
HATERR!! I Was tired and had to work!
Woo I'm excited! Sounds delicious :)
Grabbed Bedlam from Steve's Liquor. So good!
can't wait till your back at SFA!!!
TWO MORE WEEKS OF HELL. ( school ) than SUMMMMMMMMMA! :D
your CONCEDED....
RT : A yodeling ventriloquist RT : We came THISCLOSE to having a ventriloquist #MissAmerica -would have been awesome.
Recorded multiple tracks for comp 1's chorus last night sounds like Andrew Lloyd Webber/pink Floyd/Massive Attack/Yma Sumac.
We agree! Your Caramel Rooibos is delicious!
Would be cool to own #LuckyLuciano's ring...
I don't have respect for them either!
required reading update (for the new job): 2 books down, 6 to go!
How do you think the Wings will play against the Predators? Comment or call 248-848-1130
open training today?
I'm afraid the pink champagne cake in my fridge is getting lonely....
Sorry we didn't get a chance to chat! Next time! :)
"...and has mistaken herself for the heroine of a Russian novel."- NOW I ASK YOU
i saw two big pregnant lesbian bees fuckn in mid air
Very strange... it's 23 in Milwaukee right now and 21 with light snow in Dallas. Maybe the Super Bowl should be played up here!
Glad that I got confirmed, I feel that it made me so much closer to god
Have experience with events? Want to be a Volunteer for the Baja Bash? Email
OMS! My timeline is getting spammed with tweets to
Upgrade your experience with our luxurious penthouse and balcony suites!
thanks & same :)
really does sound great :-)
I'm reading the news about you leaving. I recently did that, too. Congrats and good luck in Tampa!
S/O to all my followers
If history may be misplaced, search school newspaper archives for any past coverage.
#JoshGroban fans come join us for food/drinks before the concert!
would love to! Hoping to be in Boulder last weekend of June, shoot me an email anytime and happy to help during unreasonable
love love love them. U going to Indy show?
When someone tells me that they need to talk to me about something the worst things come to mind.
G.T.S
Leave the critter there. Will eat the mice and is harmless
In an effort to be a better person, I've decided instead of being selfish, I'm going to be shellfish.
Journey through the past.
Technical colleges in Wisconsin received a 30% cut in state aid. How will the administration help keep my tuition cost low?
foolish places do, yes. Generally if you have SSH, you have SFTP, too.
omg I'm so sorry. She's in my prayers. What happened?
there is no coming back lol
Thanks, we will think about some good session topics.
I Love A Bitch That KNow TO Keep Me One Rolled @@@@@
Merry Christmas everyone!!! ": There are like 15 kids on my flight. Kill me now."
yes! I'm a fan of Google docs&it prob has same legal thingamabobber.When I make something awesome 4 Google to steal ill be sad :b
Got an email from my Mom saying that she was sailing past the Strait of Gibraltar. She's on her way to Barcelona!
I probably coulda kept that 2 myself...
I have no idea.. haha.. I haven't researched yet.. it's in perfect condition.. 32GB, black, less than 2 yrs old, etc..
As to the gambling bills - well, who am I to buck these big shot gamblers with the Legislature of the State of New York? [1945]
Gunna fuck a bitch up tomorrow with . Paige better watch the fuck out!
Thanks. I totally understand you missing it #weallworktoomuch :-)
Can u follow me plzzz
Last performances of #TheVoice You got this girl!
Today's BTU inspiration: "By letting it go it all gets done." ~Lao Tzu
thank you.
Just found my name twin
Looking forward to seeing 's "Stories" next!
My mom hand to throw hands Bt it's cool.
Damn straight. Pretty freakin' bad actually.
GOODNIGHT x
Join the most interesting Panda in the World and Radiolive as we rock the house at Uncle Fatty's and raise money for Children's Memorial.
10 hour day ALMOST OVER
Proud to show managing editor of Forbes.com MKE next week. Will introduce him to some interesting Milwaukeeans and amazing TEMPO women.
ATTN: all unsigned rappers,singers,dancers join our #Team send us an email if you're TALENTED "WE GOT WORK!"
Hate it when I try to write and there's just nothing inside of me. At least I gave it an honest effort.
“: u ain't wish me a Irish day”U Ain't Irish!!!!
There's no chance HEAT gonna win NBA TITLE
pretty colors!
Hey Dan! Cool, will try soon :) RT : Tried it this weekend. Love it!
#imagine play fighting with Austin in bed, he randomly stops&looks into your eyes before kissing you passionately<U+2665>
The world is full of sycophants.
Pine bark mulch conserves water, and it cuts down on weed growth
oop, maybe i should clean the office, if clients are coming by...
Thanks for the support, David.
give her some of ya perky joints get her outta her lol
I feel like this guy just doesn't know what he's doing. If we're dating we sort of actually have to see each other or even talk -_-
I love the #nnnawards !
Sometimes opposition can be our greatest motivator as it provides endurance and strength to overcome ~
It's more than telling them you have a boyfriend. Don't make it seem like if you weren't with me you'd fuck with him. Say you not interested
I always thought the 12th man thing was a Mike Holmgren thing.
RT ships will be racing into Downtown Miami starting at 1:00p today! Team lead!
Who the hell comes up with all of these stupid national holidays?
RT if you would NEVER leave austin <3
Sports... Pirates at Braves, 7:10PM ... airs on ROOT, of course...
You definitely have a dog. If you jog or run you are officially a Seattleite (?).
It's a No Cover #ClassenCrawl tonight , HiLo, & !
is the future! We'll lead you follow! Send us your records, we'll make you "infamous."
I'm praying for david silverman, head of atheists group-apparently he & his group need prayer, hope they don't sue me 4 my prayers 4 them?!?
The second round of panels will start at 2pm sharp! Don't be late!
Txs 4 having us! RT We can't wait to see uou all! : Looking forward to BHL visit to CDL tomorrow!
can't wait to see pics from the film.... Btw I'm kwame the lead in the film..
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Love it... im so addicted SERIOUSLY" by Isidra
- watch! It's fun! And you can play the "how much is it worth" game at the end!
Visit to read up on the first things #interviewers notice about you, courtesy of Careers Editor
I am working with the sharpest in the world and may have two selections in the #NBA tonight get on the list
Great day at the Blenheim Horse Show in San Juan Capistrano with Ron Kennedy and Ryan Pedigo.
S/O to "The Spot Lounge" for playing some of Shawn's old music on the eve of his bday. Good Stuff! Cc:
como dude i'll put an x after every tweet ! Haha
my most inspiration moment was watching you guys make it to the final two in abdc :) <U+2665>
Red meat is not bad for you. Now blue-green meat, that’s bad for you! ~Tommy Smothers
You probably do love Elemental more than me, but then again you have a thing for persnickety auteurs.
he also happens to be Pike guy and Illini alum.....how could ya not like him. :)
No one give my brother coffee again .___.
good to hear you guys are having fun! so excited for you to be in the US though!!
So great seeing you both!
Ladies act your age , not your TRACK Length
show me!!
Working on a client program. Having some interesting conversations on customer service. How do you define customer service?
headed home! I had an amazing week at Bentley with the LCs and the DEN team! Thank you to everyone for such a great experience!
i feel like i shoulda got confirmation or somethin..guess that's UNO for you
Smuts on my timeline.
Already set up the coffee IV drip. Six hours and 9 pages to go? This one's a real doozy.
Blackpool v Birmingham
Yay Generals! “: Good luck to my alma mater, Rufus King, in the state basketball championship 2nite! Go Generals! ”
Two thousand dollars for ice? I can get an Eskimo for two hundred dollars and make my own ice. ~ Horse Feathers
Damn. I've been hacked lmao twitter got my ass I dot even know how
Shoulda blog-to-booked it.
: I am stuffed! What do order for dinner?
Any Amazon Seller Central Feed optimization experts out there? Need optimization help.
Fuck do I hate the Canucks... Your so fucking useless this time of year. Win some fucking games why don't you!
hope you have a great time in Nashville! Please tell Steve Catlett you love his beard & think he should keep it year round!!
One more day
#ItGetsMeMadWhen I can't be myself or else ill get judged...
your point is?
Truth MT Run to the Bernard Jacobs Theatre and see the amazingly talented cast in the Brilliant !
#What2ChainzWouldSay Got 2 chainz, both are huge. my swags strange, african food. Got yo bitch, on a date, take her home and fuck her late.
Anytime someone starts talking about soccer, I can't help but ask, "You mean real football?"
let me spice yo TL up
#iufb is hanging in there w/ #ohiostate at halftime. That's showing some progress. I'm impressed with Tre Roberson's decision making so far
Tannehill's girl is looking right
everything's good. Lot's of response to the column. Going on Vicki McKenna's show on Monday.
if your jaw has never popped while eating pussy, you dont eat pussy
It's national grilled cheese day. Check out the short rib grilled cheese at in celebration!!!
there's at least one (web) archivist here: (i've seen some other umd ischool folks, as well)
half of what guys pay for #Jordans hahaha
RT: Its November already!!! #FreakingOut Me to! btw- my bbm is dead, berry half dead. iPhone4S on its way! e/txt/tweet me!
thanks, it was a fun weekend! We tried , that's probably why the project did well huh? ;)
Everything in the universe is within you. Ask all from yourself.” <U+2015> Rumi
looking for bingo players. Support Habitat and play bingo on Dec. 11th Call for more info 414-562-6100
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe to thrown bread at a person instead of walking over & giving it to the.
sup bud! Predictions for Sox season? Do they get to 90 wins?
yeah wats up?
HA-HA-HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!
Im actually liking twitter thanks to my cousins!!!!
And I think most UK fans realize that Jay. Your insight and knowledge is spot on.
sorry not funny
Thank you Robert... for being!!
RT : stop getting these dumb ass managers who know nothing about the game.
Now that is the Best thing I've heard all day son!
you are my go-to place! I tried and it was OK but AJBOMBERS rocks my world.
Raffle ticket proceeds go to sponsor the Iron Eagle 25,000 Miles in 25 Days for the Fraternal Order of Eagles Diabetes Research Center.
Hey Broski, how did you fall from being the US Champ? To be being a Brooklyn Brawler type of Jobber?
follower of the hour... cuz i luv her profile pic .... go follower her people :D<U+2665>
I been out here in the streets and i have learned #SexAin'tBetterThanLovee...
mr. urban outfitters ;)
19% left on my phone but still jumping from social network to another
Didn't see any evidence that it hurt. Speculation, but no evidence.
"most of whom are women with children"
Don't you mean Lopes?
Herzog Zwei was sweet. Google chrome? Sold.
at least Gb gets ball to start second half
I had skittles and kool-aid.
Check out the music vids ive been putting out by searching Bob's cover on YouTube lol...Hope the world has enjoyed their Valentine Day!
I am delighted to read of a new release. I was just thinking of buying the 45 of "do you dream in colour" in 1980
Happy Halloween from all of us here at Long Beach Hydrobikes!
goodness gracious you are the sweetest!!!
You notice the announcers get more excited for the laker plays lol
It's crazy to be watching live theater while sitting in my living room!
It should be a beach day
I usually don't watch the all the grammys but I really wanted to see Nicki manaj performance... I'm literally
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad.. <U+E349>
I'm NO FAKE
Goldie Hawn just refused to take a picture with !
I can't stand my phone!! I'm just getting txt messages.
is an orange juice obsession unhealthy?
yea. Sorry iPod died.
Staring in a movie!!Already met Taylor Faber,Gabriella Montez,Claire Chuchran,and Savannah Jayde.Now Im gonna meet my idol Jennette McCurdy!
": Great stuff Loved the info from Robin Sharma. Human regrets and human victories." Thanks Coach Eighmey!
there probably is an app for that
Climbing the Web of Success With HTML5
Order plane tickets, Cali is the mission. <U+2708> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
because the couch is so damn lumpy...
Future talk show host's parents have to drill into kids heads: a mustache is like a sign: I'm a racist douchebag who needs an ass kicking.
No, it'll make me feel bad about my 4s. asjdklf. ;P
52 days until worlds 2012! this should be intersting.
oh they were
Going to DEF LEPPARD with MY BOYFRIEND on Sept.2 Im so freakin excited...
Do you celebrate your "vegan anniversary"
Picking up the new car today. :)
Just accidentally saw the cover of TIME magazine and now understand why everyone's feathers are so ruffled. WOW.
Before you insult a man, walk a mile in his shoes. That way, when you insult him, you'll be a mile away, and have his shoes.
I love the term "dead tree texts."
Everyone's on twitter.
to much drama it's getting me mad .
fucking nuts. I don't understand why FL's religious right is against Charlie. Charlie is great and I support him. Tell pinhead's crowd
hahahaha I don't know why she's denying it!!!
Need some company?
Why would folks do that ? Why would you pretend to be someones friend when you know you dont like them !
Until then, I ain't even speaking your name. Just keep my name out of your mouth and we can keep it the same
real talk my people been out of town I miss my people! Not getting paid off Twitter yet!!!
hi jaylon, your Uncle Steven and all of us at Cap Hyundai and the entire DGDG team love you and wish you great health!!!
I want Glee to perform Don't Stop Believing one last time before graduation.
different faces that represent my husle ~ RIO SIMS , CASH BRICK , BHP , , all ~ IMEAN NETWORKIN
No problem!
The 1st and last time I ever took exctasy, I felt like I was in a Tootsie-Roll commercial. sing 'The whole world looks kind of Good to me'
Happy Cinco De Mayo to everyone by the way! ps its my favorite holiday!!!
"I mean you'll be 18..." And I just interpreted her and said "I know, now it's legal for harry and I to be together!" :)
I need your number, so I can find you tomorrow morning
Answer from yesterday: Warren Harding What important event in Women’s History occurred on Nov. 2, 1993 in New Jersey?
I got some freestyles from various ppl on my phone . And everybody has their own unique style. u needa hear them #A$AP
hell yes can't wait
Never romance me over Drag Race, and paints!
i live outside Greece in an island near Europe, of course dude i'd love to count you in as a potential fan, you have 2 minutes?
Omg... Adele is just awesome! Nuff said!
": Graduating .... Drunk" So proud of you! I've missed ya.. Good to see you & your brothers last night!
Ask yourself today... What can I give and offer to others?
Just put a mic on any of these board members or politicians. #PreciousKnowledge captures their candid responses.
#LSUUA #LSUBAMA LSU puts Jefferson back in, gets a bad drive. Bad punt by Wing makes it a great opportunity for Bama.
Heading down the freeway about to miles an hour
lmao something like that ^.^
Now that's the greatest praise any of my jokes have ever received.
gl on whatever day you play on!
Just brewed a cappucino at home with some Starbucks beans and a new coffee machine that froths and everything. Now that's M'm M'm Good!
bahahah matt is not Mexican
Will Philly have the lowest turnout in past 20 years of general mayoral elections? Between 4 & 11% as of noon. Lowest before that was 27%.
nah bruda u def moved it up upon entering the car
Alvin you know better than to try me, I'd put you in your place quick pft you don't run nada mami lol
I'd interview Think Tank Live Feb 23 speaker - change marketing channel mix to improve business profit & save Wisconsin jobs!
Base hit for the O's
throw me, , and on that list, yo!
thanks for the link...listening now...very cool stuff...
Haha! It's perfect for a Friday, controversy!
RT ": I wish it was acceptable for 24 yr olds to have lemonade stands. I could make a killing today"
i am fine, thanks
the lakefront trail was a clusterfuck tonight
Thinking about PR internship’s in Nashville, TN next summer. It’d be awesome to intern at Mercury Records, BigMachine or Valory Music Co.
guess I missed it, thought I was just being friendly. And then he refused my proposal to be in a poly relationship with Liara.
Milwaukee Riverside's Phil Nolan played in just six games for the Tigers this year because of issues with grades/transfers.
Thanks for the retweet Nancy! You #rock!
“: Oh hey actually has a show” As opposed to?
Alright route 3 west, May 8th has come. Let's do this.
I just had to google when passover starts...which would be tonight. Talk about a BAD Friday. See what I did there?
fine retard it is
I get most of my stars while I drink
Yep, I caved.
Is that Martha Stewart?
No problem
nothing changes and let me guess thats the first you have heard from him in years????
thank you! I was a ballet dancer growing up. Now I do a lot of yoga, boxing and regular workouts like Barry's Bootcamp.
i can't bretahe Justin please call my doctor I can't breathe!! (yea I watched #BoyfriendVideo are you an alien?)#followme :))
who is coming out tonight?!
DailyHookahTip#152: Check out the new Freeze Hose It has a slot in the handle for a frozen water capsule, cooling the smoke.
LifeWatch Services has agreed to pay the United States $18.5 million to resolve allegations the company submitted false claims.
RT : Another Hidden Bailout: Helping Wall Street Collect Your Rent: Here's yet another form of hidden bailout the fed......
laughing at these mentally weak people
Jury duty 2morrow & I "must report"(grumbling under my breath)& what do u mean"no knittingneedles" Since when r people who knit dangerous?!?
Theres no point being here if I'm just going to fail.
Everything starts and ends with you.
Thank you so much!!
Spinnin Music at CopperTop in about 1 hour! Come get a drink/food and say what up after you Shred!!
if you judge me because of my past, don't be surprised when you become a part of it.
Indiana's Maurice Creek suffers a possible season ending injury for the 3rd year in a row with a torn Achilles. Terrible news.. Thoughts?
Temple Run!!!!! (: it's the best! Especially on an Imac!!
It was a solid event! Next time!
yes why not los kids no tienen la culpable de Nada
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
"Picture lock" and "Compressing Master copy" are the greatest phrases in the English language.
you should be kicked out of the league. You deserve a cage because your a animal with serious mental issues.
Vision 2020: ‘The Right to Sight'. An international movement to reduce blindness worldwide.
Lunch Dessert - CRÈME BRULEE seasonal berries
Just got twitter a week ago and already cant think of anythiing to tweet :(
“ I'll Show You How To Make $200+ Today, Using Twitter" no. I don't get my iPhone out for less than 200 grand.
mario kart 64!
Hoping to; fits between two drives to WAHS.
gurrrrlllaaaaa !!! Take my picture :))
I take it that's not one of those touristy boats. Something tells me this has to do with work. Nice sky colors!
sleep is overrated on game days. At least that's what Rebecca and I have decided.
#Oomf is so twatching me right now. Lol I still love you though ;)
What better way to celebrate reaching our campaign goal then to go to Atlantic City. We're putting $3,565 on black. Wish us luck....
Gr8 meeting w/ & this am. Inspired & intimidated. W/o some restraint Bree will finish another 3 novels by Monday
Ur so sweet~thanks : ) Hope u had a nice day today....
I didn't know. Thought maybe I'd need to get info from cable providers. Cool. I'll find your articles from 2010. Thanks, Dave.
same here!
RT : Meow the 39-pound cat and Falling Bear are photobombing in heaven.
fresh to death im D.O.A
"it's like a war zone out here-- Grenades everywhere" lmaoo
Nothing like spending a Sunday at the oak creek gun club.
running by a dog getting hit by a car is not a good way to start the morning.
it's bigger than Charlotte...and Cleveland! Lol
Thanks, Jesse - and thanks for your webinar.
Read Risk v. Rewards in Guide. Great article. If I traded Rudy Gay for Tyreke Evans, would I be overpaying?
Perhaps the best way to remember Steve Jobs is through his own words - on.wsj.com/n9ou2O
Another theory is Pettites brother from Italy was in the court room before he changed his #Clemens testimony.
I am going to bed been uploading, I am full time student. I miss Twitting, Good night do not let the Twitts bed bugs bite!
thanks geno. Roll up
Jeremy, you rock! Always just swooping in with awesome shit when I least expect it.
funny, I'm doing the same here!
Students own devices... wow that could get costly but makes sense. I have seen schools 'pass' on cost 2 students
yeah man, the swearing gets old, like listening to teenagers ;)
DPW has to shut down that main to fix the leak. Will be done after all the residents are notified. I'll keep you posted
Fuck Banfield!! Took my 8 week old - tea cup chihuahua for her first exam and shots- they said they gave her too many meds.
YES SIR JOHN CARLSON
Two hours left to get out to (SoMa) and demo some delicious Chameleon Cold Brew! Please tweet us some pics!
:( I don't know babes .... Lets talk about where we're both ticklish lol
If irregularities of tooth position, alignment, or contour can be corrected w/in the neutral zone, the prognosis for long-term stability...
if I can burn 400 when I run that shouldn't be an issue for you!
This one is actually from I don't write the Grillaxins anymore. Passing the torch! :)
what!! Where are you! I called you earlier and you didn't answer! Of course :/ smh
It's fantastic to hear from you as well, I miss your passion & energy! And OK, I miss your tasty in-office treats as well! ;-)
Typically, yes.
George Lucas is making a prequel to Star Wars?!?! There is a god!
Aww, wish I had realized that earlier!
good times...I loved Stan!
bahahahahaha!! That shit will embarrass you!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked when you gnna let me hit? Lol um never
what's up folks Raibon Radio...David
the one we got yesterday
I want to believe you, but I think the super short format of a trailer allows for much greater focus on emotional resonance
Welcome new followers. Twitter has turned us all into sheep. At least I don't have Bieber fever.
A no-show for a showing on a Sunday morning = not cool.
I hate it when I overwater the little plant and it pees all over the table.
mo some guy named cotton candy lmfao on America's got talent
I might are you?
someone talk to me except if your ugly
Finally Friday
went on fun 1st date with super nice guy! Out to lunch downton and walk to art gallery! Best first date in forever. woo hoo
DON'T FORGET! NM GUNS WILL BE AT THE GUN SHOW THE 12TH & 13TH AT THE NM STATE FAIRGROUNDS AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING. SEE YOU THERE!
Looking awesome! :)
you're right. But the movie YOU picked lacked what they call in the business "entertainment."
RT : Question about how good a job the library is doing at preservation < They can lead and suggest, but not fund. Help needed.
we are mahomies, and Austin isnt a joke. i'll talk to you when he is tha top shit okay?
Urrrrr outta here Alien head!!!
ten days to xmas and not one present purchased!!!
i really wish i could smoke before i go to school -_-
I got it from you! :-/ RT It is a hoax. I've been hacked. So sorry.
Lee Todds wife is Patricia Brantley Todd
off on more adventures-i love travel but am really ready to be home for awhile
still scheduled and ready for that!
You can say that again! grunt....
just discovered wondering if and how it could be used in the music classroom to help students learn...
RT : So excited to taste American history thru the upcoming America Eats Tavern @ Nat'l Archives!
It bothers me that I knew the answer to Final Jeopardy and none of the contestants did :/
IM CASHIN OUT!!
haha. Took a bad fall rock climbing.
We're big fans of your music! Hope all is well!
"Happiness is Free" ...<3
fine dining. and breathing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
HA im in the same place right now >.<
I tell everyone that I'm 30, the're like fuck dude I thought you were 12.
I have several low-English ELL students in a mainstreamed class. Have any good suggestions for differentiated notes/worksheets?
And, no matter who comes, some people will still meet the lineup with disdain.
hee! you are a master procrastinator.
Where are you playing in C'ville?
nice work :)
is that burrito wearing a skirt?
I still ike the cookie monster, even if he rides the special bus.
RT : Q1) we also collect easy to track data, like who completed which online training...part of the requirements.
George Strait has at least 1 too. "Amarillo by morning"
yesterday core & balance w/Erin in Florida; will miss her fitness so much!! Tomorrow hard core w whatever I find in Atlanta
We need to stay healthy. We needed Lin and Shumpert in that series but I like what The Pacers are doing there real physical
Merry Christmas!!!
that'd what I was doing already. Thanks! <U+E056>
Which we will be blasting in the parking lot of Miller Park this summer when we go to games and tailgate all the time!
Look bitch! If u wanna keep staring take a fuckning picture!!
FOLLOW BACK!
i'm at honey badger cafe. phinishin up. #yastuvo #dissertating #galore to earl bullhead resounding from my skin :||:
I'm good. How are you, miss aby?
goodnight up around the bend another day waits to be majestic and new:)))))
K I want to see it..
Thanks to for hosting our board meeting today. Great opportunity to meet students and faculty.
OMFG XAHZHHAJZJJA I HATE COMMERCIALS. brb dying from not seeing my boyfriend
Water for Elephants is such a great movie. Doesn't hurt that Rob Pattinson is so cute.
Getting ready to present everything Linkedin at
you're like my ; just not blonde, or Australian.. but the gentleman and cuteness, totally <3
were you able to switch back to the old twitter yet?
Why did i have to go for the biggest hoe in GA? -_-
New iPad coming next week - are you going to be waiting in line?
What's old is new again? >> RT : Don't they ever learn?// RT : All social networks evolve until they imitate myspace.
Happy Mother's Day! Have a blessed day!
: hey just got my cast off, so im pretty ICONic today. How are you? (: 2
I'm not contagious, but I got that kind of love that knocks you down.
awww, I'm sorry hun. I miss your face!
Former attorney...Just finished Overseas by Williams. It's FABULOUS! 4 good books a week -- the ones I don't love take longer
What's up with your best friend?? We could all have some fun believe me.
yes hi
RT if you would watch if I did a twit cam!
I Missed You More.!
Im too tired to leave my bec
Living Buildings, Living Economies, and a Living Future
It's not really saggin, I jus like showing off my boxers lol
We had a Blast in MKE's Fifth Ward :+D
You inspire me for all your compassion and love you spread!
I love the Red Sox , but it's a sad day in BB for all fans. Mariano Rivera is a great closer , the best ever ,and a class act.
When Pink Floyd is playing, You shut the fuck up!
Knee & ankle hurt like a bitch.
:o chelsea is quoting camp rock?! hahah <3 lmfao
Seriously, it doesn't rain in Texas for six months, but it rains four times in three weeks during the postseason. Wtf?
LIFE ISA TRICK
haha they are good friends of mine, wanna check out some other good music? :)
Mission US is terrific-My 8th graders love it! Resources posted with it are terrific too especially the primary sources.
we cant wait for the next cannabis cup in Denver!
Lying here like a bum.
man Process really was everywhere in the 70s, wasn't it?
The #Knicks are riding one hell of a roller coaster this season
Spent over 14 hours in bed, I think it is time to get up.
cool glad someone does lolz
LOL. My sisters are going crazy watching this game.
Sure hoping my annoying tweets will drive away the daggone followers i don't even know! Yep, that's it! Lol!
what do you mean
Fabulous Chicago weekend with hosting "Fashion for Reform" for and now back to my little island (Manhattan).
hey! Tweeting a bit less, life/work have been busy. Looking forward to Spring, altho winter hasn't been too bad here.
It's so sparkly in here.
Extraordinary situations create extraordinary people more often than extraordinary people create extraordinary situations.
I still have faith
19th street and Santa Monica Blvd. party starts at 2pm on the 26th! U coming?!
. You are so right. Looking at the photos, forgot completely that theme was supposed to be Schiaparelli/Prada. Missed opportunity.
Ive got some weight on my shoulders, feels like feathers.
Canada and South Africa.
i love s2
Having NOT bought a ticket, I have the same odds of winning the lottery as those who did, statistically speaking.
Thanks for hosting Classics today. Had a great time on the elevator w/
Bro, you really need to learn how to spell/type. Thanks
#GoingRed with cayenne baked chicken breast, zucchini and squash!
haha i still hate it too ):
even laying out in a bathing suit
you should see the hit on Hossa tonight. No penalty. The NHL is messed up right now
lol i do
Who knew??
where's mom
played that biz at some baller hotel tonight in miami & had 2 people ask me bout it at sxsw
You were spot on my friend.. That is a shone indeed
Who's drinking milk, eating cookies, and reading #AGameOfThrones before bed? That's right...THIS GUY!
Just knocked off that Canon 7D. Video/Photo promos coming soon.
Our new Hospitality Trend Analysis for Kids is amazing! Great global info - ask me about it!
thinks she just became a Star Trek fan...I LOVED the movie last night!
RT And get your first class free when you sign up for Out Of Your Head Improv classes
Check out our write up in the Midpoint Music Festival Guide!!!
Many miles away, there shadow on the door, of cottage on the shore, of a dark, Scottish lake. Many miles away.
"Is AOL going to brand everything AOL? No. AOL is going to be like Disney." Don't think Tim Armstrong is comforting Patch's doubters
The year of the 'in-between screen' alors?
I love that cat, even though we had our own problems <3
Pray I make it through chapter 7 and don't have to execute my husband. Just because.
NFL players, degree completion is one of the first and most important steps in your preparation for transition into life after.
Fiat has some ugly cars
wow..rethinking pathways is a start, but rethinking the delivery of contents to students is as significant www.delphonics.com
Jpegs in your gmail now.
had a great day at work. up and coming artist gave us a super performance. extremely talented! heading off to bed in a bit
We have booked a very exciting interview for this weekend! Stay tuned for more details!
BIG news everyone! We're very excited to tell you we're going to be distributing in Chicago beginning April 1st.
Here's a hint, if you are not invited to something...don't show up and take over. Actually, don't even show up!
Get out tonight and take advantage of this amazing weather! We've got live music at 7 Come see us!!
Women's History Month. Anti-Domestic Violence & Voter Registration Event. Today. Queens College. 12:15-1:30. Student Union
Me too! RT Looking forward to seeing everyone tonight! REALLY looking forward to pizza :)
I love how quiet it is here at night.
Ah!!! It's so fudging hot!! 90 freakin' degrees!! Bleh!! I am so NOT liking Washington right now!
I have favorite novels, but not authors. The Warmest December by Bernice McFadden is one of my favs.
Thanks a million. Thanks for the response, you're way awesome too!
Some of those are probably mine
She is the grandmother of Britney & Gaga. Kind of like Neil Young being grandfather of grunge. You probably don't get that ref.
Dave. I ll take them if u still have th
Obama is good at politicking even if he's not so good at governing. The Pres. knows how to run a campaign
No - never heard of this before - seems kind of bizarre. I will, though.
I clicked the logo and suddenly everyone around me was talking about Creed and drinking Surge.
Yeah - but it looks like they detained it pretty quick thankfully!
Wow!! Ty for your testimony and for caring enough about others to share your story! GBY!!! I had NO idea.
ok ok lol
if fighting, crying, and trying doesn't change anything, then you're doing it for the wrong person.
From time to time I get to shoot a story where I not only learn something but learn something about myself. Today, I got one like that.
we are so proud of you and truly inspired by your heart.
Walk off HR Chipper Jones!!!
tried to open it but it wouldn't work
hey bro can y'all check out my video its going on 106 an park soon
Indeed. I bet you're excited about the floor!
Only because its so obvoius...duhh ;p and you know that girl ;) looks like the Gods crafted your face perfectly ;)
Finishing up a project for MiH Marketing then working on my advertisement for Computer Arts Magazine!
Notre dame looks too much like saint Charles.
nice band hey chris may you please follow me buddy please
Solid talk with my mom tonight
yes, I think grammar is very important for effective writing, but maybe not the intricate terms such as objective and demonstrative
toothbrush and passport is all I need.
i would get all my anger out !
Your quote is in the next part! This one took so long to post because of computer problems!
She's the black sheep of the fam. We're all creatives, she's the one w/ a business degree. Gonna kick ass for Target Corp.
$25 off computer repair to all Eagles fans who smashed their laptop screens after reading about the NY Giants all day today...
Just got water, bus tix, and a shelter voucher to a client near
Another 3 mile run this morning. Could it become a habit?
Email us pictures of yourself with I heart Beto shirts or yard sign. Details to come.
I hope I can meet him at Teen Hoot.. <21
It may say lots about me that I never read Where The Wild Things Are as a kid, but i did go to the themed rave in LA in the mid 90s.
Then I shall check it out sometime! Tell everyone Hi from Colorado (:
Fuck, now I have to plug it in.
Im Hungry then a Motherfeenutker 2
Why so quiet today, Facebook? Where you at, babes?
nuh uh!! I would much rather see BOK, but I'm watching TATE openers at the Vogue. :(
Claire Boucher is the Rajon Rondo of indie music: an otherworldly and entirely unaparalled talent. Both are also quite dreamy.
Mobile is all about doing more, all of the time
Just saw "Look Back In Anger" and man there was ALOT of anger on that narrow, messy, cluttered set. Get over your angry self!
Thanks! I shall give it a try.
Isn't pretty enough to have black, brown or pink hair either RT : Nicki minaj's face isn't pretty enough to have blonde hair
We wish you were here, too.
well i will not be watching the national title game.
i know.... I lost a lot of pics moving so much
haha i hate that cause i always follow back right away! those bastards trick me! then im like who the eff are these ppl?!?lol
I have nothing to say. However I hope you all had a fantastic day :)
#iranelection # Iran repugnant forced confessions are rolling. people say" No way to take our Freedom away from Us. NO WAY"
I'm waiting for someone to get pissed off because you didn't mention any by name.
Rookie question: when RSVPing to #SXSW events, what do the mean by affiliation?
cool. Tx
Watching America's got Talent it's histerical. , funny as hell and Sharon is beautiful
oh you guys are craking on me? ohh i thought it was on each other
miss touring with you man. Much much more to be toked in the future. Got a solo project I'm coming out with soon! #cali love
Follow bACK
lol I got you ma
no, but i have an instagram, tumblr, and facebook (:
no no one notice just de Leon asked :)
Gas: 4 dollars a gallon. Cigerettes: 6 bucks a pack. Bein homeless priceless.
ya you never give up anything can happen .. It's #Survivior .. For 1M$
AUSTINS FINALLY ON!
It's been sliding down for a while. Sad to see.
Happy Father's Day to all you Fathers out there!!!
Bookcart drill teams are the social equivalent of Swiss peasants making a sport out of rolling wheels of cheese downhill.
grounded in va!
robert downey jr. <3
amazing photographs!
Thank you! :-). I'm currently in DC, so not too far! Will check your site too, happy to connect!
How Interesting!
Making a video
Scientists aren't sure what color dinosaurs were. Good to know :)
go ben!
alrighty well what do you want to do?
no doubt
Amen brother...preach to the choir. downtown roll with jalapenos, yellowtail and cream cheese? Hallelujah!
Naked, with a smile. His go-to outfit.
think I can do that
Love having students, helping them learn, being in a classroom. But oh lord do I hate grading.
Alter your attitude and you can alter your life.
RT Writer's block? Do something else. Pushing against the problem only magnifies it. Give yrself permission NOT to write. <- Tru!
Nope. Didn't even follow through with that. I'm the WORST!! =)
That was fucking horrible
March 21, 2012 District of Columbia Data Center Discussion Panel Pre-Event Happy Hour at The Capital Grille - Tysons Corner
this game turned so ugly so quickly <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I don't make sense. Another shot because I know I don't :)
actually enjoyed being in New Jersey this time
If you want to sound like you know what you're talking about, tweet about a striker's prime being at 29. CC
Was a wonderful day with friends and fun !!wild
I saw u this week!
Please join us in welcoming our 5/18 #smbmad presenters , , & representing International.
I hate when organizations lie to actors to get free work and call themselves the #99% of america such lies one mic one voice my asd
Last baby was born nearly 4 years ago - time for some postpartum exercise I guess!
Loving Tuesdays at the Castle. Super fun fantasy for kids!
“Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be." ~Marsha Petrie Sue
Good shit right there fam... keep it up!!!!!
Imma have to sleep on dat one
Let's go have that wreckless love, that crazy love, that off the wall won't stop till I get enough kinda love.
Join the club. Lol Kidding
Why do dudes get so pumped about 'shutting you down' when they already hit puberty 3 yrs ago? lol Not even fair
lol I'm good now!
Nob Hill Nights in full swing. Come on down for the fun till 10:00 PM Thursday night
Geek meeting tonight: GnuPG, IP6, and more!
They are so cute. :) Haha
troy.is.on.
phew P.S. i love you P.S.S. its going to be a brandon weekend
I would hope you wouldt touch that.
And Helen, she's got some stellar Activities and Interests. lol.
dont they know people only use those to piss in, thats fuckin rude
Apparently people with light-colored eyes have a higher tolerance for alcohol than us brown-eyed folks. Interesting.
WHY DO I HAVE THE BLADDER OF A FUCKING SQUIRREL UGH MY LIFE.
Ongoing study of the problems of the #incarnation and the #exegesis of #prophecy and #eschatology with a
Thinking about what we could've been..
Wen u involved people b all about u ...but wen u available all that shyt change
Name for our tour this summer. Ideas?
It's beginning to not feel very much like Christmas...
Tha hell do you think you are?
already liked it ;)
lol, nah. Im coming . I think
Happy New Year fron Oregon! We'll be watching tonight :)
im fin 2 swag out rite quick mention me n shout me out
That's one of my favorite places to go when I visit New York.
finding the perfect source #priceless (and yes, it's in French)
thanks mamma;) But u the one super star:-)
Aw wait.. The son died nevermind ;-;
it reminded me why i hate those kinds of movies. epic bullshit.
Auto-erotic asphyxiation.
Anyone getting the word out about the election over Nextdoor?
Must be fate! But if the 'rents aren't down would someone have a place I could stay? Floor is always cool :)
Basketball 101: You're never going to please everybody...so you've just got to do what you know is right.
that's a bet g
I plan to play The Sims 3 for the rest of the night. My voice is gone but great concert! <3 I love LHS music Program!!!!!!
Red Bull and ??? What is your mix?
and are there #android phones w/ front cameras?
Google, you are starting to lose my respect. Gmail app SUCKS, Google+ is pointless, & Google Docs keeps crashing in Chrome but NOT Firefox.
good meeting you at the Sportswomen banquet last week. Great job as the keynote!
Friends: Have a dog? Interested in joining me for Pups at the Park at Pk Sat? I have 2 tix (1 human & 1 dog) -- message me pls!
Lick my cockiness & suck my persuasion
I just paid $5 to get an additional 20 gigs on my Gmail account. No more warning messages about going over quota!
1 stolen Base in 3 years. He either got the sign or was feeling it
Thanks! and you never know ;)
probably 02 cause we played our first show Halloween 01
3 methods we may learn wisdom: 1st, by reflection - the noblest; 2nd, by imitation - the easiest; and 3rd by experience - the bitterest.
#Idothistoo Try to get stuff done before the microwave hits 0:00.
If one is not learning something positive ftom friends and associates, it is a waste of time hanging out with them. I can't be dumb down.
Wish I had a job with an airline company that would allow me to fly for free. I'd head out to Miami right now. ((sigh))
I think you are so classy!! Your my favorite!
*Book the BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 cast! And check out So New BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 - LAS VEGAS tonight at 10/9c*
Going home to check on my first batch of homemade chocolate maple porter thanks to
Everything that look good,Aint good for ya!!!
Send me your facebook link.
If I needed a place to go tonight, I'd pick Wet Stone. Happy Hour at 4p til close... $5 Select Big Glasses & $3 craft-style beers. I'm in!
I'm so stocked to go HOME!
Just put on a big pot of pumpkin chili.
": It takes a strong person to say sorry, but an even stronger person to forgive."
we were useless in the final third. Didn't trouble gomez at all, and apparently only had 40% possession. Not good enough.
sorry it's late, but #happybirthdaygiorgia! <3
I'll be there watching tomorrow
latifa? or like del trice or something. i miss you :(
every body want to see if you somebody first..lol funny but also stupid
#SuperBowl Did Cris Collingsworth just say to fall down on the 1 yard line??
Will be in Chicago on Friday -- you folks up for lunch? (or maybe even have a spare desk downtown?)
that's what I'm talking 'bout, left the keyboard cause couldn't take my eyes off the TV, different HR hitters now...see more?, c'mon Pedey!
money, clothes, & hoes
You're kidding me, right?? We love student members just as much!! Whether , , , , , etc
jermey lin got hurt again I heard ,
: Hey could you make me one? I cant PM you.... It wont let me
Taholah at Naselle softball and baseball has been postponed. A make-up date is to be determined.
ahahah true, true :)
This minute clinic is full of shit. Patiently yours, wad.
Gorgeous Day in SA! Get out a vote for the Bond and then have some fun!!!
hit me wit it
From the Department of Redundancy Department at the Jeff Mangum show: "This is like hipster central."
My kind of woman! :) RT : I'm all about my sports. Going to the game tonite!
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: Live tournaments often have a % taken away for dealers/staff. Look at this before you tip too much after your win.
Cme on Knicks! Y must u do this 2 me? Some of u are more concerned with chatting then playing the best u can! Dnt wanna play shit the bench
love seeing in the new
Thanks, Joe! Tweet away!
bouta call my babymama & she better answer the dang phone.
Two caffeine goos and a red bull, I am ready to engage
Tyson Chandler just hit the backboard with his face blocking a shot
Found my Partner In Crime.. - a seasoned veteran when it comes to Jose Cuervo #TropinaWasted, oh boy #SHITSHOW here we come
Have you thought of putting your book on GMA?
When i grow up i want to live in a hotel only for the fact that maids clean my room.
To any Marvel Comics fan the #Avengers was a religious experience. Yes, it was that good.
Tweets and Tacos spelled backwards is Socrates Teets.
Its spring time. All the creeps are out!
oh cool - which one?
that is so rad too! to be your cute kids and your adorable pup!
Okay so there is almost 2000+ who follow cityglamevent but twitter only shows 592 what's that about....Some one please tell me...
what are we talkin? Lol. Its only 90 pieces of paper!
Extra sharp? White? Orange? RT : EVERYONE IS WRONG IT'S CHEDDAR.
Word of the Day - Kratchup: Blending saltine crackers with ketchup at your local diner...
A bunch of tight ass pimps rolling deep in here! Come in for a jalapeno marg, stay for the hot babes! P.s. Happy hour!!!
Dear UX: Make interface changes _instantaneously_ on the event trigger. If fade you must, fade out, not in.
looking at old pictures i posted on twitter. i miss the immaturity.
Um. Hello! I'm Angelina!!
yes, but I didn't know the difference then! I've adjusted.“: Traffic in SD, didn't you use to live up here in LA?”
Earlier today, I overheard 2 people talking about the Tupac hologram. The 2nd person asked "Who's Tupac?"
On a lighter note, I can now keep my hula hoop aloft for about a minute at a time. My hoop theme song is "All You Need is Now." No hatin'.
Just sent dm. :)
Can everyone go like on Facebook!?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> omg I told you he's just my friend and dont forget we're cousins
advises j-educators to focus less on specific skills and more on approach, attitude, ethic, ability to learn
“: I'm looking for a short fitted all white (not cream) leather dress strapless or a spaghetti strap” freak but me 2 lol
Everybody tune in to the new kids on the block 88.1fm tonight at 7:30..Its Going DOWN!!!
I never want to be who I'm not. Only who I am!
Thanks! We are looking forward to our new space. And after 6/13 should be perfect.
Love is a precious gift from God, If there was no love there was no life.
' you're a God fearing gentleman who we feel privileged 2 get 2 make music with & u rock a strong red beard
we do too. What's holding you back?!
just needs to go ahead and adopt me. <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I love you guys.
That was a lie, I believe. Everyone is so confusing, i just want to see the damn video already aha.
@ thanks so much for the support. Cheers!
I got my SAG card & lost my 'V' card on the same day.
I'd hoped for another great sunny weekend of softball. Wheres the sun? Hope the clouds burn off. The sun seems to make me hit hit hit!
SD WWII vets heading to airport after weekend at DC memorials. "Most moving experience of my life," one says. He's 87.
I don't like being sick :( i want this cold to go away :/
I need to get offline..we are recording it and a few of us are watching Sunday.
i'm hoping they give me awesome abs.
"Be proud to be watching 'Shame' and be ashamed to be watching 'Twilight'" -- ticketchecker @ kabuki theater in SF
you need that job, i need the discounts
Starting a new company? You will need a professional logo to represent what your company does and stand for. Only @ $150
I should be in bed, but instead planning community gardening projects and drinking homebrew.
The End of The World is Saturday??? Did someone forget to tell this Psychic?
Hello everyone
An effective Employee Performance Management System supports and maps to the overall goals of the organization.
Great. We'll see you there!
dat nigga dumber dan a sack of potatoes
Have A Wonderful Night :)
Congratulations man!
ok cool:) what should we do?
better not be my mom! Lol
Don't talk unless you can show me something. Until then, spectate from a distance without interfering with my business.
Last chance to vote for us in the for Best Folk/Americana/Roots AND Best Maine Act. Finger's crossed!
Sounds cozy!
Only in New York do they start a "Holtby Sucks" chant when the #Caps are still in the locker room
Tweets right now >>> make me wanna take a Philly trip lol
I've read all the "good" kindle e-books my public library offers. Now it's almost worse to have many bad options than none.
$19 for 1 Month of Calorie Burning, Energy Boosting Motivational Boot Camp at Greg's Fitness ($110 Value)
one of the best RTs ever
Keep following me... Want 2 tix to an event on Sat? If you don't get to go, you can still join me at Sante Fe Casino @ 7 for UFC 113!!!
you like resumes? Check out my online resume: FacebookHIre.me
Leave Patrick Kane alone!!! Geez he went and had a few drinks and had some fun! now he's a bad person? I don't think so!
ha agreed- miller has been making a run though for ice
Trash talked by many. Hated by some. Guess how many fucks I give? It's less than one.
caraschatz: heard that you signed on to be AA for transportation! YAY!
"Happy Birthday Lady Gaga"
two dickheads in the pic. what's up with that?
my vote would go to Ed Gonzalez. Is this limited to online publications?
Mac Planet: Go the kicker for all new FileMaker - New Zealand Herald
Whaz up man??
How is there not yet a Nuclear Duck twitter account? I'm disappointed in all of you, Twitter.
lmao i know!!
Dang my moms strict I want to do flips on the trampoline and she's like oh practice your jumps and leaps
Seeking gorgeous men in their 40's, that can act! Send me a headshot pls to .
Kanye and Jay-Z's "Watch the Game of Thrones" has far less wizardry than I expected.
Increasingly concerned about the disparaging terms we use as a field to talk about teens and texting in museums...
Lonesome Dove is on AMC right now. It's about living.....
Watching singing along to a Drake song I've never heard both warmed my heart & made me feel very old.
Gwynn Jr. was solid pinch-hitter, at least. Agree, not much power. Hype was byproduct of team desperately needing good news.
oh, I was imagining the dark chocolate :( That would have been delicious. If you had made it, would have been perfect!
giving me chills! such talent!
Hi IT Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
That's probably for the best anyways.
Happy Birthday
'Major burglary' reported at #BestBuy in Daytona .Cops are investigating but haven't released details
Waking up coughing. Not cool!
A bit late, but I hope you everyone had a great New Years! Who the today off?
So excited to see #TheAvengers this weekend...
Tonight's farewell to the Ukrainian delegation was fun and sad. We are looking forward to visiting them next year!
in newyork love it with my family
taylor swift looks like she's performing on the rebel barricade from Les Mis. easily the best performance i've seen from her!
Wow, I should stop being an asshole sometime soon.
Is anybody bored?
You will always be a part of my life :)
Such is my life: highlight of my week is my junior cat pooing for vet.
“: scott hartnell has one of those faces that just begs you to punch it”
thanks! My late father taught me to fly fish on the Big Blackfoot when I was about 6 so that book has a deep meaning for me
Are we going to try and hangout over Summer break in Joilet?
Pedicures: Paying forty bucks to get made fun of in a different language.
Great verse! one of my favorites.
Publix Sushi Is Better Than Sex....And The Stroke Is No Joke My Friends....
YEAH RABURN!!! GETS THE JOB DONE JUST LIKE ALWAYS!! LEYLAND IS A GREAT MANAGER FOR PLAYING HIM EVERYDAY!
{ If you pursue excellence for tomorrow, failures today helps. If you pursue perfection for tomorrow, failures today helps.}
More on this later ;-) RT Sherburne Laughlin announcing new Certificate in Tech in Arts Mgmt at AU. First of its kind!
One free seedling for anyone who comes into the store before 7pm today! Just mention this tweet!
Thanks for having us on!
One of my biggest pet peeves are stupid people in airports
didn't u take it in high school
Please mention you found us on Twitter for a discount on services!
I hate people who talk fast. But even moreso if they speak fast with lots of. Random breaks.
I wanna go back to Las Vegas !
No, there's no galley for #IncorrigibleChildren book 3. March 27 brings it to you in hardcover, though!
We love the band godPawn, you should google them!
fell asleep last night....so trying to finish my rough draft for a research paper before I go in after 1st period
Hey Chica!! where u been!??! How u been?? LOL
Very nice. Such a dapper dresser. I like their shirts as well but most of mine are Thomas Pink, Gucci or Charles Tywritt.
My dustbunnies? Are dustponies. Dustelephants, even. My kids have no idea you're supposed to be able to SEE out windows.
that way blows!! Hi Everyone!!
How many people actually believe that because you said it? Do they know the word gullible isn't in the dictionary?
South St. Paul last won the Class 1A title in 2006.
thats wasup. had fun when u was in columbia
Lol! Tell her hi from us next time you text!
Graphic Designers who are great at turning out production-ready files. Attention to detail. Work well under pressure. DM me now.
Thanks for coming out to the event! Glad you had a good time.
Let me slip into something more comfortable.
I don't think I will ever catch up on sleep. Ever.
No school wednesday or thursday! 3 day week! Score :D
I see people who think these TTs are stupid... Yet they post them and then say they're dumb, therefore keeping them trending. IDIOTS.
Wore my boots day for
I just want to sleep forever and ever.
These bitches who ain't have Facebook want twitter oh no y'all need to practice don't come on here talking dumb smh
I saw them at Lolla last year but like yeah I dunno what's good in da hood
I down! I'm off today anyway
ik ur mom will probs say no but do u wanna go to OKC with us for the cupcake fight on March 12
Big thanks to of ! Have a good show tonight at
your to lucky! & okay, ill tweet you as soon as i leave here.
I liked it. Very informative. Thank you!
you're lucky that walk-off walks are pretty awesome
Ink my whole body I don't give a mothafuck :)
meow that's hillirious. Mew?
At Birds next to UCB. Where r u?
Just finished watching Meet Joe Black. Meh.. too long.
How can you be 'overspending' i an 'uncapped year'? Your title sounds dumb as hell...smh
RT Females can't appreciate another woman body without being attention whores or lesbians? Shut the whole fuck up.
nothing just ate eggs and salami
Baking scones! Store smells like blueberries. Yum.
sup bitch:)
Lions and Tigers and Bears... Oh My!
haha. i know, like i said, it actually made me laugh out loud. hey, you gonna be in the store tomorrow? brian and i might stop in
I really don't think ESPN could be any less interested in this NCAA Championship.
The only thing that mattered was my best friend shelby :(
Especially with a comedy, you've got the clear cut goal of trying to make a scene funny
BITCHES ARE CRAZY. GET 'EM SPAYED
Is it just me or is Sugar Shane throwing low punches the whole fight?
"If barbie is so nice, why do you had to buy all her friends?" -
MESSAGE ME OR RT IF YOUR GOING THRU SOME HEART BREAK
#top5songsofalltimeforme big girls don't cry- fergie
great session; never realized primary keys could make such big difference
Attention All R&B Soul Artists: Now Booking For The Next R&B City Concerts!!!!! EMP Music Promo-
Pretty pumped for tomorrow
yes, i like the button... neat pic
Happy Valentines Day! Place your order early as slots are filling up fast!!
Steve Jobs has been good for Apple in making share holders happy. Gates Foundation does similar things but for the community. Good 4 both.
“There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way.”~Christopher Morley
Missing out on Members Night at The Field Museum this year. Unfortunate as I spent considerable time mapping out my whole evening :(
don't judge me!
Can Harvard join whatever conference we join? Nothing would warm this Yale Man's heart more than annual 200-point thrashings.
is a sponsor of the Copa Cabana Soccer Tournament this weekend in Hermosa Beach. Stop by the Hermosa Pier & check it out!
What's the difference between brio and other Italian restaurants in NYC? Answer. Italians actually eat here. Have a good day!
Wonderfully cute comments from a 6 year old arts supporter!
. Looking real good, my friend! Have a great show! Miss y'all! Tell the guys I said hello! :)
": Let's go Mountaineers!" Ya right #cuse all the way
i aint never had a crush nor butterflies in my gut but with us i cant help but to like everything about you baby this is no lust
Absolutely disagree. Uribe hit 24HRs this year. Not that bizarre. Now if Renteria had hit that...
Hair up and a t shirt. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+263A>
Oh gosh Austin got his braces off, fangirling all over the world is about to be taken to a whole new level
It is! It's the parking structure across from the building, actually.
Haha summer break hopefully!
Thanks Hun! I don't have a clue what SMF stands for though, LOL. Sure hope you and H have had a terrific day! :-)
No one gives a fuck what you are doing right now so stop tweeting about it!
She Get A Lot Of Money ,
I started blocking people from school on here. I hope no one gets offended. Dun cur~~~
the bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you refuse to take the turn.
Mountain camp this week in Jasper ARK. Can't wait
bro you forgot the US..
4 cartons of lemonade in the fridge. Summers almost here.
I heard someone is gonna give away a gift to a random person if they retweet and use #forTony in their tweets today. I heard gift card!
Stopped to touch the Kirkland brand jeans at Costco. I didn't buy them, but still.
they are optional...if you are brave lol:-)
Christie krispy crusty
Comment from David Eng (University of Pennsylvania, English)
hahaha I know but I love the wisdom.
Lots of prep work for #AFM2011. Building our schedule now!
'll follow you no matter what:) and also you in whatever apollare and I'm not against your relationship just want to be happy
Uh yeah, no bloat stroking allowed... EVER. Thanks
Doing a little late night data analysis for my friends
Fire needs fuel, oxygen and heat in order to burn.
Congrats, #Menforothers RT : Congrats to all the UHigh Juniors on today their ring day -- The torch has been passed
thanks for the reply. Kind regards.
I'll pitch in...I wonder if would bet a $100 Fellows Fundraiser donation on the Super Bowl?
yea I did... N how u been fool
Grown women arguing and fussing across a strip of grass in front of little kids yet we wonder y they go out & act like animals w/out manners
Education advocate Anna Jo Haynes argues that HB 1238 will help fight school-to-prison pipeline.
where u from
The red cards were atrocious, as if they ran out of yellows and just thought, "hand out whatever you like."
Thank you and likewise will see you at 5:30
Wait.. Justin Timberlake and Jessica Beil are engaged?!?
love him
Hey, new health & fitness twitter personality...the other me is :)
. that last tweet was for you
Man I look so busted when I wake up in the morning
New York is wonderful. Love the energy of the place. Let me know if you manage to make it over to the Atlantic.
I had ah bad day but ah goodnight and managed to get this essay done
While Dallas was cowering against the tornado sirens my wife and I were obliviously enjoying "21 Jump Street".
Somedays taste like lemonade
Racino Bill goes before Senate Committee. Senator Senjem says it will save the horse industry in the state and help pay back schools
YES! fhkjdhslfkjh. I was going to send you a message about you watching it too! we're too similar, this is getting scary. haha
Thanks! We adopted her nearly 16 years ago, and she's been a grand friend.
My wife went to her doctor appointment at the museum district, Parked her car over and got #rippedoff with $20 parking fee!
still?! Fuck. I'm getting off work and I have nothing to do tonight.
NoT to mention..its supposed to rain on my wedding day.. -___-
great to meet you in person !
Thanks, U2! RT Happy Travel Tuesday!
SCORE! Friends of Houston Public Library just dropped off passes to the member's preview sale of their 31st Annusl Bargain Book Sale!
I do indeed! I'm teaching it as a seminar on the late 20th-century British novel. There are ten novels. Want me to send the list?
"There never was a time when, in my opinion, some way could not be found to prevent the drawing of the sword." Ulysses S. Grant, 4/27/1822.
has to stop taking 3's! No more and I beat all these boys in fantasy and take the pot
hey hey. Shakes dreads
J's Taxi Dispatch is Offering Airport Transportation- Downtown to airport $30.00 916-501-8171
Gift exchange amongst us all....love is among us all
Agree!! RT Football has the best season. Hockey has the best playoffs. Baseball has the best opening day
thought we were already friends D?
Gotta do some scouting to find a Cream City brick building or inside a building that'll make it for this Starbucks project.
Scored a direct (early) flight into Newark, circumventing me going from Dallas to Houston to home.
Great to be at #IIPC12 :) First with #LANL as official member, rather than invited guest!
"Become a student of change. It is the only thing that will remain constant." ~ Anthony D'Angelo
Re Fruit flies Also ,clean sink drain w/ bleach. Keep lid on drain at nite-can be a major breeding ground via
just want it to be lunch
I'm bout to do Molly off a clit . Or iThink so #wessup lol
Friday sprints are finished! www.tinyurl.com/interval2day
thought you would like to know that there is a :)
So tired.
“ You must be able to separate majors from minors....”
Ha! I actually did that the other day 2 illustrate V-I. "Do you like pie?" "I love pie." "Really?" "Yes!"
Yay, Christian Bale!!
R u guys the real Madison and Mikey?
@ the anchor w/my lover enjoying the right to smoke indoors & some tasty food.
You following the Lottery w/jackpot OVER 500M? No tickts in AL but if you have an Illinois addy u can use u can buy a ticket ONLINE now!WOW!
Seriously though, if we found life on another planet? We wouldn't do anything. We don't even have NASA anymore..
: Thanks for the shout! If you find it in your heart, please give a shout out to my favorite charity, too: Mwa!
All four should've committed -- definitely would've gotten interviewed, then!
I do agree with you about the facts. But how does leaking his disciplinary problems, which show no violence, relate?
Dude, I know you're in the mood to celebrate, but don't lose your head. Call me if you need a ride home.
I'm so blessed that I meet some one that's a nice and sweet.. I'm missing him.. Right know!!
good night
Make sure everyone shows love to his bday today
Lot's of new updates coming to the FailFL! Stay tuned!
THAT IS FREAKING ADORABLE! That looks like a little baby post card! SO cuute!! (:
sorry to hear about your relative! yep we'll get dinner or something going one of these days!
A watching as always B wardrobe must have its reasons
Looks like you're having a great time!
80's band tonight! The Crunch Monkeys rock 9pm. Come let loose and have some fun
good luck and congrats!
10 months and counting 'til I dump Billed for a phone I don't have.
I can't decide which team to follow for #Star I am Thinking I like team
Grrrrr the guy that just got on the bus has a Capitals hat on.
Stick Just Called -.-
Spent the day in the burbs, don't plan on going back anytime soon!
I was so drunk last night
I LIKE THAT OPTION
Would love to see the Palmieri set, plus the Press Conference today
Motion on magnet policy fails 4-4 after long discussion.
There will be numerous Super Bowl commercials featuring monkeys.
I only asked, because I thought that number was a bit low for the average American born citizen.
The biggest childhood lie ever told: Sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me. Words do and always will have power!
thanks Aditya! how's the new gig?
Call for entries for #WOMEN #FILMMAKERS and #STUDENTS. You can enter #films, #shorts, #documentaries, etc. at www.pbwiff.com
Don’t speak to fools, they scorn the wisdom of your words
On the River Road...heading to Lafayette!
since today!
saw Clay on the TV and jumped as if they had won the SB
I'm a tad bit concerned that I won't be able to control myself now that we have classic in the office.
Vegas. Yet again just a fly through.
Aw. Can you post pic on twitter?
Doesn't St. Ed's have a campus there?
You are welcome RT : Thank you for Shout out !!!!
definitely the site of most scifi movies I like. Are you in the Matrix?
RT : 2 hats were hanging on a hat rack in the hall. One hat says to the other, 'You stay here, I'll go on a head'
Happy Easter everyone! Hope it was as blessed as mine! #Family :)
Do you have a favorite photography store you'd love to see in? Tweet us the names!
soo what about that fight doe lmafooo
Geek **** told my Client to repair there Compaq Desktop it would be over $300 plus labor..I cleared the CMOS, tested the hardware..ITS FINE
I hear the closeness can't be duplicated. also prolly nostalgic. Always wanted to try but I have the beard thing going.
RT : Cleveland Park Library is having a 'Pajama Story Time' on Tuesday, Feb. 7 at 6 p.m. for all ages. Sounds awesome.
I can't get the $100,000 Pyramid theme song out of my head.
We've got a $5 Club Sandwich for you today! Things are looking up!
your nickel ain't worth my dime (: man I miss my Lily Patrick Star
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY DAD!
Where does the Katy trail 5k end today? Is it a loop?
About to start my jog to Humboldt Park & workout on the awesome workout equipment there!
Just set my alarm to remind me to start and then later switch over the laundry. Yes, this is the realm of ridiculousness I have reached.
Everyone's breakfast smells amazing.
I do another class that has a lot of jumping and planks work in it. Maybe it's from that class... Either way, it's annoying.
My bitch is patient. Your bitch is boring. Fucked that Friday night we both woke up that Sunday morning.
That Hikari store is so worth going to. It's silly in there. Such a random assortment of items.
as of today i have joined Twitter
My timeline is in different languages. Shows how global my twitter is! #InternationalPage ^_^
Has anyone out there even been on the Body Ecology Diet??
my favorite dish would be the split decision breakfast!
I had an active life, until some idiot came along and introduced me to Facebook.
Hello! How's your week going? :)
Has that one #song stuck in the mind. Mainly because the #feelings are left unchanged.
Demon kitty tried to off the dog. Knocked his pain meds to the floor & dog ate 'em all. Vet induced vomiting. All is fine.
#Mayweather may be a douchebag but hes a great boxer and his record proves it
Hi, Red. Nice to see you pop up on my timeline. Hope all's swell.
Plus a new the #cape ftw
i know it man! first time i saw my face on the huge jumbotron in AZ performing i forgot the lyrics haha :p
is so funny to me!! Had me cracking up tonight LOL
wow i really must stop using the subway exit that plops me out next to Auntie Anne's Pretzels :-/
#askhugh season outlook for this really young secondary after trufant and Thurmond injuries. And how about Red Bryants effort?
nice article!
Favorite line from Pirates 4: "I support the missionary's position." The kids didn't get it. I'll explain in a few years...
boss *uh*
Have you ever been bullied? Yes I have I'm still being bullied and that's the reason for the cuts
is it racist to suggest that the #DetroitTigers win MORE when most of the team is Latin or is it just a fact? chek the rosters vs # of wins
Morning people! What's shaking? We got a lot of snow outside and I don't wanna go anywhere
I am
If I had one wish, I'd wish people didn't wish for guys to never wear flip flops
RT : Today the LDS baptized English King Henry VI a Mormon. Finally! He can now be married to all 6 wives at once!”
Top of the morning! It's Monday. Back at it, right? How was your weekend?
Congrats to film being on ABC family!
Sat on a really nice Plan II Thesis w/Hoberman. It was on the farce of amateur collegiate athletics.
omg I just wanna get better... ð<U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Out of curiosity, what kind of pesto do you guys use in the Gorky?
Open the door and walk through.
"He rides himself. That is so meta." - Miles Sanguinetti about dates.
Oops, thanks for the correction :)
OH MY GREAT GOLLY GOSH you guys are comn to Ny in December :0 I'll beg my dad to but me that as my "christmas gift" <3
Official video shoot for our 1st Single of 2012"Wild Style" will be next week on the 23rd. Hit us up for extras. We'll be all over Austin!
i'm great ;) but yes, tomorrow is monday ;/ i hate mondays.
Hello out in Maryland! Thnx for the follow. WE followed back. #SocialMedia "WE work greater than me"
Zumba'd to Justin Bieber, Britney Spears and One Direction today
hahaha snap. mills got ya.
ew she probably just leaves it in the middle of the street too. not even the grass. all up on the cement.
Wanna be successful hang with successful people
Long day of shooting! My whole body is sore!
My QR Code Muse has inspired me to QR-ify the art show and poetry cafe at our school tonight! Stay tuned!!!
Ha! I had a suspicion...
If food actually looked how it did in commercials we'd all weight 500lbs.
Kidd/ball movement provided his offense. Melo/Amare are ball stoppers.
The LL post was nice. Especially because it was a "look here someone did something right". There aren't enough of those.
but here's the thing: they're not very good.
Holy banana pudding! Happy BD, TJ. Hope it's a great one. Much love.
without his phone is like a fish out of water
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you get lost on the way home from ur dads store that you've been to multiple times -____-
Facts: The victim should use any employer complaint mechanism or grievance system available
our writers are hitting the shops to score more Jenga games for tomorrow's happy hour @ Moe Bar
RT : will be at #1tday Union Sq 4pm! Can you say JUBILEE?! Bring your loan statement to destroy!
Niche hunting and wondering when the ugly snow in our backyard will finally melt. When you have three dogs...
Shall I call about the 6th then? A private 5:30 tour?
Today's Sandwich: Turkey & pepperjack on a croissant with lettuce, tomato, mayo & a cup of soup.......$6.95
Buy me easter elites so they go with my slippers!!!!
I wish - going to indoor Lax tomorrow night watching the little dude work on his left hand and take some big rips.
I'm from Angola! Where is your shop going?
Surprisingly there is a slight line at Target this AM for Jason Wu collection
Looking forward to #ARMA11 this month. Haven't been to DC since college - so excited to take a tour of the National Archives.
Watching #FearFactor amazing show!
oh, but you took the first shot, BOY. Either rate, i am dropping it. Continue if you want, i am done
If you're an advertising agency and you ever, ever propose a commercial with a CG baby then you're doing it wrong.
Always for the LULZ, Always!
Everyone who protects their tweets must have taken an
would love to feed sometime. Next time you are hungry remember us. We feed a lot of your teammates already.
I love groceries, but I hate going to the store to get them.
If you depend on others to make you happy, you will be endlessly disappointed.
3 tickets available in that section - red bulls have big names - will see
Boom, bitches.
thanks for following us! We'd love to work closer with JWJ and get all chapters to screen our film
too funny. Did the outfit make up for the backpack? I can never get over a man in a suit with....sneakers. Ick.
I am now a mac owner!
...I don't like Skype but I think I can still access my old AOL screen name: hendrixz99. Hit me up.
“: Come pick me up, take me out, fuck me up, and steal all my records #randyrogersband” what song is that?
Well, we'd love to have you! When are you going to come in, soon? :)
awaiting news from Wall Street, stock market expected to open down (Europe's fincl woes), mortgage bonds up --> rates drop again?
we saw you twice at the Digitour!! call 4692330513 please :)
"The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit for doing them."
Today I am thankful for the people, things, and experiences in my life that make the other 364 days each year worth living.
live update about 270 situation right now on 10TV
Thanks for reading my book, Clouded Rainbow!
TONIGHT WE HAVE OUR EXCITING KARAOKE NIGHT!!!!
Thank you for RTs. We appreciate. <3
" #askforID and you'll be worry free"
#YouKnowYoureBroke if you ask someone to pay your cell bill and it still gets turned off
Not only that but the #tacomac manager was a complete jerk. Avoid Suawnee #tacomac at all costs
Happy Chinese New Year!
thanks for that, but I'm not takingg them, I only technically have 12 school days left. 18 real days
thanks man! Well look into it! plan on us staying with you!!!
I fcking miss u
y'all be ccarefully!
Dude, I am totally going to do a final count of all the words I have written since Friday come Wednesday.
Hotels &amp; Lodging Stock Outlook - May 2012
Listen to Ty. She is wise and gives good counsel. See you at
My thoughts and prayers go out to Cody and the entire family.
amazing blog about overcoming bullying/ a friends suicide www.stopbullyingnoww.blogspot.com
Thanks! I'll update the link.
Good Morning :)) <3
I'm so bored!
"..so hes getting there next week." My bro is coming next week :D
#P.S. an #MLS is a prerequisite!
thank you! great references....
you go
Its amazing how two imperfect people, fit together perfectly.
Does this mean no more postgame Talkin Touches?
beatles sing along is the best office activity on a Friday...
West coast, best coast. The sun saves the best for last.
I love the conversations that I have with she always knows how to make me think and also make me laugh nonstop
shut-up :D
sure do
Looking forward to finally meeting on Saturday and of course seeing the always lovely, (I love the Princess)
The Library Bay
Make each day your masterpiece. - John Wooden
Quickbooks 2009 Release 8 - Major New Release Addresses Online Banking and Much More ~The QuickBooks Gal
Can't wait to see your space tonight at the International Antiques Fair!
cool came up with the name!! hit me up
do you want to do karate in the garage?
Pistachios and Ice cream cake here :(
Wishing I could be at balboa park! Can't wait to hear/see/experience ideas generated from the conference
Yes, i am so happy and HONORED :) if there will be next time, i will surely grab you! miss ya too :) go here?`
we'll see bout that when you play against me! Jk
must b yo lucky day lol
It was ideal end-of-school-year reading for a former English major. Will be curious to hear your end verdict...
Gordon wanted to give them each something from the café before he died. Hermia was the "salt" of the earth...
Ok school and work kicking my butt... come on 430 I'm ret to go...
I needa win contest. Please pick ME l0l.~. Ive Never won a contest :[
Ducks get the turnover back, Pryor intercepted at the Ducks 43.
The lines have clearly blurred. Even the definition of core games has changed.
Today, I discovered my rhomboid muscles.
Depression sucks man
Getting in shape for summer pools! Feels so good to sweat.
": thanks for having me on today" Caught you this AM. You were great as usual
Happy Valentine's Day! Wake up with the love on the !
Oh and Chucks lol
I'm standing up with a orange shirt
When he talks to you<3
I knew he wasnt African Amer when I tried that neck move thing & needed a chiropractor.
"Give me a museum and I'll fill it." - Pablo Picasso
swweeet ;) you're really pretty btw.
It's so darn Cold!!
and just wonderinq. OMG every sixth qrader is a wannabe
that's one of the funniest things I've seen this week.
auditions for arabian nights information announced. www.actorsbridge.org
Wow, what a group. Here goes!
Agreed. But it might be a product of this too-long q&a.
oh ok ha idk then lol
its 11:11! Make a wish!(: i wish that you would notice me and RT or DM me!(: <3
If I do, will you follow me?? ;) Never mind, I'll buy it anyway <U+2665>
Glimpse of my mood, y'all: This terrible cover of "Walking In Memphis" is giving me all the feelings.
Phablet = Phone + Tablet. Looks like the Galaxy Note is just the start. To me they look like a phone Pee Wee Herman would have.
Back in Manila-an earthquake, an aftershock and bad roads but amazing time with tribe. Danced with a princess ate beetlenuts and jammed.
RT Bright hopes for exercise and character development have turned (somehow) into vacuuming, mopping, and dusting.
Off to Graduation <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093>
Oh how I've missed tweets
fuckkkkkk. and are playing a show together on sunday. and i cant go. i hate life.
Thanks for following ! We're listening to your music right now and loving it! Let us know if you make it to Milwaukee!
be positive! it's friday!!!!
Heard on radio TODAY: If you don't stir yourself up you are going to sink to the bottom
Chrontendo 44 was way better than the Brewer game, btw. Nice gameboy retrospective, River City Ransom, Holy Diver, and Taboo.
I think a little after 8 but I'm not sure. We'll let ya know :)
u remember when jay was throwin him 20 balls a game in denver? man had a permanent smile...gonna see some more of that here
will you be coming to NC?
hey brotha! Caught you and wood bros in Madison last fall. Caught ZBB last sat. Why don't yall bring wood bros to SF soon?
#1000games Staios is a true professional. Great season and great career accomplishment
S/o to for understanding me, ily
as always appreciate the support, bang next!!
I work on Monday evenings until about 8pm, but I'd love to run down to you wherever you are afterward to give you a hug.
too bad it's not true. So your dreams didnt come true. They are perfectly fine. :)
Passing outt.. first day at EMG3 tomorrow
Emma Hill >>>
Every person who advocates for any "Stand Your Ground" law has a part in #Trayvon 's execution and needs to own up to it.
shouldn't the dot dot dot come after the word "yet"?
Just a reminder that A Room Of Our Own will be today at 6:30 p.m. in the O'Connell House. We will have poets, singers, dancers and more!
We are incredibly excited to announce Weiden + Kennedy as a sponsor of our CSTS event on June 24th! Get your tickets now!
WAIT. Which one?!
Okay I see how it is blame it on me when YOU didn't text back.... Not my fault...
Had a great time at Green Festival at Navy Pier...it was great seeing Jennifer Moran at the booth
If Devin Harris blocks your shot, it's time to quit basketball.
Late for english. Meh, no fucks given.
go to or to learn more.
yeah I don't talk to alot of people on here. So I just don't really ever have to check it.
Every charitable act is a stepping stone towards heaven...Henry Ward Beecher
I think my goal today is to quote the office non-stop. With that being said: Fact. Bears eat beets. Bears. Beets. Battlestar Galactica.
Hopefully knicks win tonight :) .
Hope that wasn't your taxes you were trying to mail!
What is your #donor really passionate about? Ask: What gives u the greatest fulfillment?
Lmao I can never win. But goin to bed. Love you & ! Night!!
want to see something funny? Go to YouTube type Grandson gets brain freeze
Have more. Come visit. Making risotto tonight.
And anyways I'm on medication because of her and my dad I have to also take a blood test and I'm intensivly depressed
will we get an email telling us if we are one of the lucky few?
Right back atchya girl! XO
It might be time for a new avatar for me. I'm taking suggestions.
Thursday 7 of our talents will be shooting a video for UBI software- Congratulations to all of them
Bebo use to be good but it has been getting laggy lately with all the ads like MySpace has gotten
Seems like an opportunity for innovation 'Just 5% of Americans accounted for half of our nation's #health care costs in 2009'
Thanks for the shout out !!!!!
Super Shapes
You travel to Borneo while the web community gathers in Austin. I like your style.
hahahahaha......I guess :)
Clipper Game Is Crazy! 15 technical fouls in the series, wtf these nigga wildn!
His attitude <
Thanks! Happy Easter to you too!
Just got mega nostalgic while looking at my afternoon snack (apple). I can see my Granny's hands wielding a knife, curling the peel just so.
He texted me and was like i love you ten minutes ago out of no where ! : /
i have such a round face.
wedding with zack :)
What number Hunger Games is depicted in the first book?
Two Chrysler plants earn Fiat's efficiency benchmarks A Chrysler Group assembly plant in Canada and a U.S. engine plant achieved the high
"Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third."....Let this day bring you much joy and happiness....
thats awesome mark! Happy Bday! See you in class tomm morning :)
..man, you just don't KNOW!
eh.. i guess not.
I hope he goes on tour with them.
Don't be too tough on yourself; raising kids is tough and tricky. Sometimes I feel like they're totally raising us.
It's official. Monday's still suck!
It's a nice day outside... if you're not wearing black on black... and jogging 2 miles... Im pooped.
#Bordeaux #wine tasting tonight means some seriously purple teeth.
Enhanced Xilinx Real-Time Video Engine Accelerates Path to Production for Next Generation ...
Film shoot is over.Rescuers were fabulous! Mass grave at Giedraiciai was one of the worst. Yesterday went to Jewish cemetery in Vilnius
LIKE LEGIT I SCREAMED EVERYONE TO SHUT UP ON THE BUS.
We will be hiking and creekstomping this weekend! Love getting out in nature, just beautiful!
Heading out to east view to check out the new Lego store. Any one know where in the mall it is?
Just took my hair down . . . Officialy lookn like
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you tell me you love me and you mean it.
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 4
Ah.! Morning
Happy 4th every1! Def blessed to be an American!
umma bring my ps3 to your room
Wow very cool. I wish I would have watched the whole season now.
We had several wonderful projects by the students. Our goal has been to average $2 per week. Wow, each student is accomplishing this goal.
On International Day of Migrants-March w NICE (New Immigrant Community Empowerment) to Wall Street! 12/18 1:30-5 Foley Sq. to Zuccotti Pk
yayyy! I'm excited. But I gotta tell you something about it...
yes I love to laugh. I would love to see you laugh as well so maybe I should come down for this session :)
inbox me on da book
Thanking God for all his blessings <3
Luv u too haha and I am smart how many times do we have to go thru this Bestfriend?!
Yup - I just needed something simple. Easy to set-up, manage, etc.
wait till its her birthday hahahha
yeah and ok
let me find out obama is n oklahoma
RT : And 750 Rays fans go crazy!!
You are gorgeous!!! Do I need to say more?
I am so glad you liked it!!
Everybody in Baltimore is tweeting about this thunderstorm! I wish I was home so I could witness it! I lovee the rain..
Brought some things out to occupy las vegas today, good people, join me in supporting them if you get the chance
GUYZ HELP. i need a metaphore for what the last two years have been like (school wise)
What a blast to listen to thanks.
Remember ladies, your body is a temple, not a theme park
Learn & Learn: Citation today 12:30pm in the ASC. Check it out!
Mike Mayock thinks the Bears will take Chandler Jones with their first pick. Chandler Jones' brother is Jon "Bones" Jones. I approve.
Ice Cream! Chocolate chip, my favorite! :D
i'll break my own leg just to beat you with a crutch
New music coming soon!!
Why you being a stranger? ": that's delicious. Been a while."
man pr Rog plays so different than alucarD ( Antwan ).
HUB designers representing this Friday! Excited to be inspired by
...and they fired their players on opening night.
Had a great time at Actorfest, interviewing Master Talent Teachers for Show !
Chicks with really high pitched voices<<<
Pictures are so Decieving
Word that bitch mad cause I took the spot, well bitch if you ain't shittin then get off the pot :) -Nicki minaj
You and me both! I can't wait to go back!
#tweetme your best makeup looks!
Thanks for following me!
congrats and love you guys!!!
iDonn't Wanna Lose A Good Thing.<3
Lately mine takes a long time to start up due to indexing a workspace. Annoying.
On the other hand, I just got art for my first fictional picture book, Mustache Baby. Wow! This art would make 1,000 rewrites worthwhile!
FINALLY, FINALLY get to see my scott family after over 9000 years:)
So my phone just updated andnow its stuck at the android screen
I feel like running or dancing or something. Have way too much energy for almost midnight.
Thanks for spreading the word! Have your followers register with code SPKR11 for FREE innotech passes to their session.
it's looking like a Happy Friday ;) And amazingly great weekend. What's on your "fun-list"?
When preparing to travel, lay out all your clothes and all your money. Then take half the clothes & twice the money!
Why are you smiling? "Because I know something that you don't know. I am not left-handed."
The PARTY'S just starting!!!! ;)
This wind <<
You too -- happy (early) Parkinson's Awareness Month!
Got my #TRX today. Will be using it to take my #TMTraining to the next level. See you in about 6 weeks
Back at the cell time.. I hope we sell some shit.
I had a dream that I had a cool looking hipster mustache.... wat.
An excellent case study of a Wisconsin Small Business leveraging social media effectively:
Really need a freaking vacation!!! Planning for New Orleans in July!!!
She whack bro
This is #GolfWang do or die....
Who is ready for crews and tanks?
MMI? If so, nice choice!
section E!
Wouldn't know - I had no interest in the "Winner gets to go to L.A." Bowl. Norv Turner doesn't scare me. Primetime does.
Rabbit rabbit
LIVE IN DA STUDIO
You find a hole in the wall... see the world through new eyes... LOVE Ilijah. They're all over the Ethic stereo for Local Music Thursday!
Thanks Din for this article. How are things in medical school?
Trying to follow backchannel for #openeverything NYC, attend #mw2009, write #arlis2009 presentation. All okay until the phone rang!
Searching for the right words. Do they even exist?
Just booked a Saturday appointment with a new client after blasting a summer special to my Facebook friends!!
I'll count back from ten, and you an listen to glass hearts shattering.
omg haha!!! Is he good?
Bob & Con on the Showcase Technology Stage at 1 pm today!
hi Lance!!!! I miss you!!
worst thing about #Easter weekend is definitely #ham eww
Headed to the Symposium. Couldn't think of a better way to spread some love for our military than at #CCME2012 in Orlando!
I miss all the people I use to talk to.. Where are you guise?
Sounds like its up to Zorn. He may want to sit the year out. Hearing its his job if he wants it.
The RAQC is at Lakewood's Earth Day Expo! Fantastic crowd and lots of great info. Come by and say hi!
Love me or hate me but you will respect me!!
Show Saturday in Red Oaks, Georgia!
enjoy your last day of freedom, Peabody students! & welcome to the new class of 2014!
Im wonderstruck blushing all the way home
Good luck today Dan-O. Wish I could see it but I'm pretty sure it won't air in Philly?
If your business does not offer free WiFi, please don't have a protected WiFi named after your business. Thank you!
Yeah, you already you got this shit locked
"To make your brand message matter in a world made dumb by digital noise, you need a global ideas shop that knows how to be relevant."
i dont have very many friends
go worship your shirt in the hallway and we will watch our Championship banner wave!
you should see where I am right now! Lol
the blackest night beckons my souls light
History Professor! #WOFCOLLEGEWEEK :D
Wtf is a weekend warrior
hahahaha well I mean let's be honest I think everyone does lol
where you working?
No hangover here...went to today to do some yoga. Going to be sore tomorrow.
Hey wats up how r yhu
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow <U+E32D><U+E00E>
gearin up for a full day of #digiday tomorrow
y sing that song? Y not a pretty one??
Rather than wasting time worrying about drunk driving accidents, why don't we all just start driving bumper cars?
aha thankyou and sure (: hi twitter friendd
Krav Maga Academy has now added Brazilian Jiu Jitsu to it's full curriculum. No Gi Grapple
thanks girl. my father did most of the work laying the base rocks and sand but the brickwork today was fun ^.^
RT : Things are looking up for us, as they begin to lOOk bad all over the world...HAVE FAITH IN GOD!! - Thank you for this!!!
Your girlfriend's a ton of fun (;
Yes, I moved out here in March, having so much fun out here! So many opportunities here and driving to auditions now is a breeze!
#S573 Periodically check in on the conversations library professionals are having (tweets, blogs, magazines, [un]conferences, etc.).
What same thing happened to me and i got destroyed. fail haha
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” - Albert Einstein
Who's rockin wit me this mornin?!
And - thank you, sir, for the
Becky & Puck are too funny.
Hi, I'm trying to get in touch for a story--contacted media@ but haven't heard back. Can you email me? jroy AT observer DOT com
Do you follow The Masters Gathering?
Melo is the most overrated basketball player of all time
<U+2640>Life is a living & learning experience — when you’re done being its student it’s time to be its teacher<U+2640>
#ThatOneFriendWho isn't really a friend u just tolerate them lol
We are still working on the album. Get you that track soon. You'll have to send me your ep!
Yes we should. Text me 304.356.1464 & we'll figure something out.
I still cant tell whats real ._.
If dat one same person retweets everything u tweet he/she probly feelin u..
Lets Go Gophers ... Lets Go Gophers ... Lets Go Gophers RT : With #MarchMadness over bring on #FrozenFour Go #Gophers!!!
aint u suppose to be listenin instead of tweetin?
Up early to get my hair done
Canadian carrier WestJet Airlines wins slot auction at LaGuardia and will offer eight daily roundtrip flights from LGA.
I use to take em for the team but now i just take one for my queen
Yes no hw for once! Plus I think he likes me! x3
Got new lipstick! Yay!!
1000pm The Take Over with DJ Bizzon – FREE SHOW
should have been done that
The people on Shake It Up are such horrible dancers.
As we ask and listen more deeply everything will be revealed to us. Trust the inner guidance which you can connect with through writing.
all I can say is that #yourebeautiful (: please follow back!(:
What time you guys go on tonight?
If your girlfriend complains that you never take her anywhere EXPENSIVE.. Take that bitch to the GAS STATION..
& is always on at my house! Good Stuff!
Random Thoughts: Obama is spending more time at Camp David in the first 100 days than any other PORTUS. I guess it's better than Chicago.
so its about that time to go to bed #goodnight :)
Every once in a while you'll find someone who is truly God sent. Keep your eyes and heart open, you never know when that person may arrive.
might not even save the sox!
#YouCantSayYourGrownIf you do not love yourself and others.
Just beat Plants Vs. Zombies.
Game time for next round?
I'm sorry, I thought no salsa, no tomato. We'll hook you up next time.
haha cool. See you tonight inshallah. You didn't see my new whip yet :-)
Just made a pact with strawberry applesauce that I won't brush my teeth before eating it ever again. Ever.
We utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
RT : #careerchat TODAY. . . we are talking QR codes, if you love them or hate them, we want to hear from you! Join us at 12 CST
Any officers in Camden, NJ who are looking for work, Philadelphia Zoo has open positions in the Department of Public Safety....
Yeah I plan to do a lot of traveling but I'll be there when you come home. We'll catch up!
Once you have your own concept in your business, you need to define your niche and remain focus in filling that niche.
Awww, thanks for the FF! I love the company!
grand opening in Chicago. So jealous! Please come to Boston soon, because your cupcakes are THE BEST!
Stay in the present... It's good for your health
I don't see how that is a bad thing at all. Hahahahhaha.
with the marlins out, isn't it inevitable he resigns w/Cards
Had an amazing time at the dance<3 But they only played one Justin song -_-
If you guys love , follow and jessedaley_il!! <3
yes but alas me here up long island NY ... Mistress in New Jersey i go for weekend training sessions sometimes
" 's opinion of #ThinkLikeAMan was hilarious!!
Will I get Arrested for closing my bank account ?
grandma burn
I will treasure july 14th,because it is the day I go to my first concert. Thank you for making this dream true <3
lol oh alright if u say so
We discover the Beauty of Simplicity when We give up the need 2 explain the Mystery & simply EnJOY it.
Looking forward to the day in
I SEE YOU SAVANNAH
u dormin at ga state or gettin an apartment?
reaping the benefits of the speciality beer market? Services designed to develop, maximize & tap the craft beer potential.
Just woke up! :D.
Good Night Twitter!!!
I'm still up mobbin
$5 FREE with every $25 Gift Card Purchase. Tis' the Season to give Tavern Gift Cards! Now through December 31, 2011 receive a $5 Bonus...
Thank you Jason Rain with Legacy House Media for telling me about Dragon Dictation it is fabulous.
Why is sleeping with a woman like a soap opera? Cause it's the same tired old plot, year in and year out.
Thirsty? $3 Silos for everyone, including our guests !
Honestly, when I get a text from you... My heart skips a beat <3
ahh Sunday only thing i like about you is good dinners
Thanks so much! It's a tight contest. We need all the help we can get.
Using the term "nerimon pants" a lot with Belen at Forever 21
We may recruit you in the near future! But we just took a short hiatus. We'll be back for the start of 2k12 :)
I never want to say my best days are behind me. I never want to be lukewarm, again.
Trying to tweak a Tumblr theme to fit our needs. It'll be used for when 140 characters just aren't enough.
Merp. Im so bored!
What a lovely Thanksgiving!
difficult rules at the church today, not mad, but sad for the images that will rob the bride & groom of
Unfortunately Ezra Masch had to cancel rehearsal today but be sure to catch an open practice this Tuesday from 3-4.
Happy Mother's Day to all you moms!! Have a mimosa on me. One more can't hurt and may just get dad laid.
Victoria Secret SemiAnnual sale tomorrow :) WONDERFUL.
You can email your brother @ if you wish. Just want to know you are ok.
" Mudding tonight! #summer #sohappy " so jealous! I wanna go!!
good weekend
Really wants to see God is the Bigger Elvis.
I have an opportunity if ur in the area
I don't know, I asked her and she told me today she is not locked into any convention or set to attend any.
Counting down to stickyballs and karaoke
Shut up Rush and keep on talking.
Going home now :p
Welcome to the dark side.... Or for us Mac-o-philes, the bright side!
is chipchattin it up at #goredsea in with
Glad to see that my Comcast service has joined with Teachers Union in show of support by not working.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand people who can't be thereselves cause everyone else is taken.
thx sir! -CV
Sharks eating people...
We look forward to hearing back from you! Thanks!
1900s KC would be SWEET. Can I still bring my cell phone?
where should I get legacy's name tattooed?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>oh my goodness I was starving all day idk how in even hungry after last night lol. But now I have whataburger and my bed. <3
Open government, open data. Hope Senator Eldridge wins this tomorrow.
#rapevideo wow Outta control... can't believe peeps tried to distribute it too...lock them guys up quickly
RT : You don't drown by falling in water. You drown by staying there. Unknown
Just landed in LA for big #sportsbiz TV shoot.
I hear that. A job is a means. Not an end. RT via : I loathe the phrase, "You should be happy just to have A job."
Glad to be a part of making dreams come true! Can't wait to send some cookies out to you :)
thanks for the RT Melanie ;-)
Blue turtles rock (:
: I Love you back
Dear #Austin weather, you've really outdone yourself this time. Yee haw!
watching a band full of hardworking friends
I woke up from a nap and my mom goes, "I made you a coffee. Sorry, it's butter pecan." Um. Why did I move out again?
Had a wonderful "weekend" in New Hampshire with a great friend. Now it is back to the city and time for rehearsal!
Ascension! Free your mind and the rest will follow!
Our new site is almost done yeah
yeah, Silvy will not steer ya wrong! Love the guy!
can't beat them, join them? Haha... And overpower them with a mombomb :)
#Marilyn Monroe by #Nicki Minaj is simply perfection!! I really hope its on the upcoming album! #Romanreloaded!!
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
watchin the highlights of the game ....yeaah for the Eagles!!!!
I just might. I'll let you know offline.
I hope today is better than yesterday
"It's kind of fetal alcohol syndrome-y." - RE: Justin Long's face.
its your employer who is beating the 2 stories to DEATH.... Let's talk a little baseball ESPN. Whatcha think QB KILLA?
7 more days for Diego Amador in concert, here in ABQ! Can't miss it, simply can't...
Cold worth it for a rapids win...does this mean I care about soccer
Father of accused: Martin beat him
Opened today and saw I made the best sellers list with Jackie After O.
The voiceover is like an old NFL doc: "Herzog is stranded in the jungle with a 300 ton steamship that won't move. And time is running out."
ARISE FROM THINE BED AND WALK!!!!!
WOW! The Catholic Church is against PAULS RYAN'S BUDGET PLAN. PAUL I hate to tell you to SUITE-UP BRO you are on your way to HELL. NLD Mom
Happy new homeowners at Nona Terrace!! Welcome to the Lennar Family!!
SO STOKED!!!! Seriously, I cannot wait. It's gonna be (already is!) an awesome project.
So happy I walked away...the best thing I ever did. What a mess!
What's your iPhone/iPad game idea? with your game idea. What would you LOVE to play?
Problem child??
Lets do this! RT : tonight w/ Get ready!
could you use help building any schools or clinics? we would like to help
NEVER ages and stays so sexy...in a older man, friends granpa kinda way. Wait, I may need therapy. Nevermind.
Idea for blog: DARK SHADOWS--the old series then speculate on Burton's upcoming film.
I need to update my Headshots with How do I go about it?
UPDATE: Powell Blvd EB open now between 99th and 104th...WB side still blocked...traffic being flagged through the area.
aww hope you feel better
Fuck reality! Welcome denial.
Luna Lovegood is trending! :) The reason I got into acting. :D
Great news! Eye-meltingly beautiful artwork in your last update. Next stretch goal: crowdsource-designed grue tokens?
Kansas City We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
I need some help staying awake.
Would a chorus or two of the Hallelujah Chorus be inappropriate now that the students have gone and vacation officially started?
Friday Happy Hour: Blackened Gold at Toki Underground
I knew you would see it that way lol but yea it's a good song
Please All he would have to do is sit bear chested and he'd get at lest an 12 from the judges 1 from Carry and Glen and a ...
i appreciate your support every week so much. It really means so much to me
Salute these great engineers highly recommend these guys !!!
#cre Retail: it's coming full circle. Smaller spaces, local and personal!
I sure don't haha XD It's not long... I mean probably. I don't have school the next day, because tuesday we have off.
Tom Terrific: I hate you. What a fantastic season of mostly being in first. good thing you look good in silver.
Hell, I sucked it up and did just that last weekend while mowing the yard.
:) RT : I feel that the greatest reward for doing is the opportunity to do more.
*brain fart*
Xmas since '99 - has a nice ring to it.
Victorious!!! Its on
Shes dum!!! She said i love you too and she didnt mean it!! Love isnt a game if you say you love someone mean it!!!
Like mothers, taxes are often misunderstood, but seldom forgotten.
At the Collaboration welcome session, Kara just told us to use cllv11. Didn't Cisco circulate a memo?
RT : Absolutely ridiculous #Diamondbacks fan got kicked out of #Rockies game for throwing HR ball from Rockies back onto field ...
the Jam have fired back in Q4, have taken the lead 95-94 with 6:18 left in the game
Celebrating my March 18th Birthday this weekend in #NewOrleans for St. Patrick's weekend imma have me a green N.O.
how are these verified accounts following me?!?!? i feel special
when you had vertigo what was the deal? Jason feeling tipsy not in a good way...
Remember that communication is key for any type of relationship
I get you. But we need the ugly people. If everybody was beautiful, then nobody would be.
WE HAVE CABLE! WOO
I just realized that One Tree Hill is back in exactly one month!! Can't wait!
Q: Which way did the programmer go?A: He went DATA way!
i know! you're only a 'breakout' if you're a 9 year old (Hermione) or 11 year old kid (Weasely) in Harry Potter!
Thanks for the #FF! Go Badgers!
if u turn on tutorial on your first turn u swipe twice really fast then you person turns around then your cheating
So I'm guessing slate passed? Congrats!!! Hope you're having an awesome year.
Hollins for Bass? With the offense struggling? Disagree. So does Bass apparently, looks upset on the bench
Hit me up for your Graphic Needs! Holiday Pre-View Sale is still going on until the 28th! Can you find great work for a better price? NOPE!
This unknown # calls me to tell me that I ordered 25 boxes of pizza .... HAHAHA u stupid ! ... I just got prank called -__-
I know that not every couple feels such deep friendship for each other
told u it just died right as u said that haha
remind me to reprimand him for that.
Nice win #capitals!
Please let time fly
Man I really hope the bell rings soon cause I have to shit.
are you bi or something?
Hot city rooftop. Fresh herbs in pots. Cool infused candies with a taste of summertime coming soon.
Why cant i just eat whatever i want and not worry about gettin fat?!
I'm thankful that the plane broke down AFTER we flew from the US and landed and BEFORE we got in the air for the next leg of our trip.
Good Morning to the Strippers that just gave her Kids Lunch Money.. Now his hands smell like Juniper Breeze & Lap Dances!
We are looking for some fresh new faces for an upcoming catalog for FEMALE tank tops and v-neck shirts for the Summer 2012! MSG for details
want to be a writer: put one word in front of the other. dont worry about making it good. good comes later: story first. story, story, story
wk 1..healthy...lucky..ga lookn ahead to sc...wk in & wk out boise wouldnt win 3 sec games..no depth at skill positions..
Idk whether to take that as sarcasim or not!
delishiiiiious. Thank you!! Waiting in anticipation for prod. To come to Seattle.
Sir Paul's previous performance N song was stella. His songs are like reading new verses from the song Bible
We are excellent in creating eye catching presentations for your next meeting, school project or business pitch! Reach out to us today!
Hard to believe that we have 50 public relations professionals in this room for #CHESPRA and no one is tweeting!
Drop me a DM, I'll see if I can help you out.
lmaooooo i know right? he's so adorable, it's great
If you don't wrap it you could get something you really don't want... Practice safe squeezing, use a SquE-Z.
Any guy can love a thousand girls...but only a rare guy can love one girl in a thousand ways.
So De'Andre Puked On My Hair Straighteners.. Won't Be Using Those Again.
U never saw CUJO?
Learning with/from those around you, virtually or in person
Chicken adobo 2 nights in a row... SO good!
will set it up, were always looking for scrims tho
We miss you too!
Has anyone seen the #supermoon tonight?
Just made CD's with nothing but on them for the long drive to EDC!
just watched it also.
Haven't been home in a few days, couldn't find my laptop, later found out strategically placed on a stool in front of the throne, I'm guilty
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
What would you do if you knew you couldn't fail?
Haven't had a chance to read Jonathan Steinberg's excellent biography of Bismarck? A great (and shorter) lecture at LBI is online...
This man is listening to "beez in the trap" .. lmao.
How do you center yourself?
Ozzie: "you all knew the areas we wanted to address and I think we were able to do it."
Packed, packed, packed week of training ahead... this should be interesting!
People always ask about the typeface I use in my decks. It was designed by , yes it is my handwriting and yes he is the sweetest.
lol shit glad to kno that im loved an missed lol but same here u .... u in the 229 still
I'll still freelance, but the day job got a bit too rigorous; I didn't think I'd be able to stay on top of things week to week.
if u were able to #stopbullying it would mean the world to help people like me stop being bullied x thank you for helping x
JUSTIN BIEBER ON THE VOICE! AH! <U+E328>
Getting ready for the #MomInspired party! Less than an hour away!
was just incredible last nite at
First time at #lavacon a HUGE success for me. Cannot wait to take all I've learned home to #stcorg gives good conference!
Next Guild Meeting: Jan 12 at the Mandrake, time TBD
#fridayreads Strawberry Hill by Mary Ann Hoberman
oh, I like it. How many people would come to a free pie happy hour?
*Stroking the stubble on my chin* I might have some ideas.
Agreed. This is the west coast; one should have good-quality coffee within arm's reach at every moment.
In a District Chophouse food coma!
AC In This Biitch NOT Fenna Burn Up That's For Sure.
How fitting that the Cats win by 8 points for
It will definitely make it easier. ;-)
Off too bed...g'nite tweeps!
music is my life hopefully my music will inspire you
I know, right?! And I can't believe Stan didn't like Empire Records! Oh Rexy you're so sexy!
How does Ebenezer Scrooge make phone calls? Collect!.
Thanks for the RT, !
Generic of my malaria drug just came out. Was $75; now $15.
haha! I'd like to see that!
March is "Bell Peppers & Broccoli Month" AND "Berries and Cherries Month" Stay tuned for fun facts and recipes to celebrate! It's...
I think I know who you are talking about! I see her on the 30 all the time!
English is the Perl of natural languages.
she's not answering me - you ask her lol
watching a movie :)
: how late is reg open for the 2pm Deep Stack? <~4:30” thx! Full starting stack if reg late?
There. Fav away.
No. I'm stoned unpacking my new room.
nothing i'm sick. c:
Be sure to stop by the Frost Mortgage & Premier Living booth at that #NM Homeshow this weekend to learn about our new programs!
you were right!! Loved it!!
Watching princess protection program with my little cousin
This is a great speech. Amy Koch leaves the Senate with class.
On this day in #Black #History: Supreme Court orders to end segregation in school's "at once", 1969
Damn I haven't tweeted in the longest !! Imma tweet again like I used too !!
Ha. Finally my turn to do an original record for a jewelry exhibition catalog. I beat you to it, GZN. :-)
Is your home stuffy from a winter of drafts and poor air sealing? I can help! www.smartenergypays.com
historical traces are found in Arabia in the seventh century, it is a constellation of cultures, histories, lives and divergent universes.
"ARE YOU WOUNDED OR IN NEED OF MEDICAL ATTENTION?" I still can't get over that...
It is - are you from the UK and/or West Indian? My hubby is Jamaican. Usually its folks from those places that ask abt my name.
Making the farm look good with new shrubs, flowers, pressure washing the house (not me, Bob) and cleaning..Soon...
The "Who to Follow" at the bottom of my twitter has Sarah Phillips now on it. After what we learned, why would I want to follow her?
Gaining 3 pts from 2 games where I figured Fulham would be lucky to get 2 pts is good, no? Great effort.
see below RT : Agreed! RT : Just got a map of the layout of the #DD11 conference. It's crazy to see giant.
Thanks a lot you too. Lets work together to shape and mold the future global leaders of today and tomorrow LETS CHANGE THE WORLD
"Supreme Court Favorability Hits New Low In New Pew Research" #huffpost Did Clarence Thomas speak?
Thanks for coming! We really appreciate your hard work!
I've been w/ Verizon for almost 11 years and have never had a problem. And I'm hard to please & enjoy complaining.
Must Follow
I use to be a use to.
Who is doing good, free, things with iPod apps for Nurses?
When someone asks "Do you smell that?", I like to answer "No, maybe you're having a stroke". It's usually funny, except for that one time.
Sportswriting and Broadcasting students will sit with the press,write articles and produce video this summer for the Washington Mystics.
note to self ; don't waste your time with a hardass ever again
. Haven't been invited to one yet.
hey!!! My beautiful daughter..:))
not sure if i already responded, on the studies, just keep checking every few days for new sessions
In order to throw her off, I had my bangs cut last night. So I may now be OLD, but I have an incredibly strong resemblance to 8 year old me.
We are tweeting live from NYC for the conference. Follow #yjnyc for updates on the biz of
Glad to hear that you enjoyed the service!
Thanks for your support! It means a lot!
Everything is better now make it to my class in time to take a quiz . ._.
is on the phone with her aunt!
<U+2206>$<U+2206>P WORLDWIDE
On the Chinatown bus back to NYC..
Obviously ;D You go Mikey!
In a day when I tweet bout a mysterious bruise on my right knee....Please remind my stupid ass I just smacked it with my LpTp.....OWWWWWW ;(
20 hours 54 minutes until tip-off.
I've been waiting for this week since October- I'm never missing spring training again!
Oh, LORD.
LOL! #LoveIt RT : Attention shoppers: we have confirmed that yes, during fall, candycorn counts as a vegetable.
what you want 1st track to Be?
Shower head setting reads: "Massage". Should read: "Flay Skin from Bone"
Good game! Really good game!
#harrypotterlive BLOODY HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!
YESS! we still need more demands!!
ITS TIME! Cena vs. The Rock! This is gonna be one of the best matches ever
I think would be proud of that awkward moment :)
c'mon 2 of my friends have gotten replies and we need to make the other mad please?
Some people get an eduction without going to college the rest get it after they get out.
Just got Dr. Horrible's Sing Along Blog DVD for father's day - score!
I think a Sea Wolf is a helicopter, yeh?
Why am I the only person that ever slams their finger in a car door? It's pretty nasty. I basically killed my finger -_-
catching up on sleep hm....
awesome to hear! Exams go well? Ah not so great still. But it'll sort itself out sometime lol
Buzz grows w/tentative date of Oct.8th slated for the private screening. Look4official announcement at Privacythemovie.com
Shut the fuck up just shut the fuck up
thanks for the follow! We'll be sure to check out the music! :)
oh good I thought I was the only guard kid on there
Cats > you
Is there going to be another season?
Happy Good Fortune Day everyone! Please be kind to all cats. They mean you no harm.
Finally. Today makes 6 days straight of work. I'm so ready for the next two days off, potentially a pedicure Thurs w/some co-workers!
“It’s not who you are that holds you back, it’s who you think you are.”- Author Unknown
when people say crap behind my back i stay strong like demi
You're probably like "oh thank you lord that I don't have to deal with all this
INgrooves' MDaniels says: We will not cut off phisical only distributors. But we encourage clients to think about costs.
That's what I call good company!
Death, cultural confusion, love triangles--just another night 's 20th anniv show!
A balmy 53 degrees this morning. Chicagoans are loving it and birds are very confused.
Going to be a mommy again! Due in October :)
Good luck!!!
Happy bc I have family & friends that love me, I have also , my AMDA friends
<U+266B><U+266B>What do you do with a drunken sailor? What do you do with a drunken sailor? Draw a penis on his face and take pictures to post online!<U+266B><U+266B>
Im takin a nap soon as I get out class
Love my family but they are exhausting sometimes
? RT : remember talking w/ student panel 's old school. They enjoyed things; not passionate abt them.
Come on skinny love just last a year. Pour a little salt we were never here.
Imagine #JFK running for President today
You know what yesterday was? Just another Saturday with rookies in green everywhere.
Working on Saturday isn't so bad... If you office has heat.
It's official Specyphi will be at the WEBN fireworks. Thanks WEBN you Rock
we like the ANZ seats! Nice to way to spread out for a trip to Aotearoa.
Even publishers should be allowed opinions. #tolerence. “: Unfollow.”
A beautiful reminder from : Y"ou can bless people through your very presence. Never underestimate the gifts and magic of you!"
You have to do a good entry interview AND a good exit interview or your performance doesnt matter.
I love your music video's, they're creative and amazing (:
Getting ready to upload latest site - Cures For Headaches. Headache help anyone?
My sister got sum pokechops cooking.lol.Nd yes thats how I really say it.
Yeah I felt like that was burying the lede a bit. Be curious to get a response from Fitz, honestly.
yall should be happy i'm not spazzing
Quality of Play in Magic league is surprisingly good
Don't leave without a reason & try to come back with an excuse .
Authors Note: I can't imagine making film that way...wow. Thankfully video came along.
Oh man is #CCDP2012 off to a great start or what? Great to be with friends in the 99% of Dems who believe in fair play! #victory!
hope the spirit and body are feeling better today RR!! heat exhuastion is no joke.
*Huge smile*
Oh that sounds like an awesome plan!! Phoenix is better anyway :)
RT : Bumper sticker: My other car is parked in two spots.
proud of the kids who wrote directed an produces their own musical! Had a great performance today! Props I band hour and strings too.
that's a good mentality! Haha
Don't plan to get MW3 anytime soon...so my question to all u gamers is: What is your honest opinion of the game?
yeahh! Can't forget harry too!
I agree, research is useful. Personal story is not the same. We have to be careful. A fave quote of mine, "anecdotes are not data"
:) You should make a fan twitter account for him. it would mean a lot to .
that both hurts and is amazing
Before i Really get madd .
Oh that's what happens in your stomach when you drink Coke!
leave now and you might make it haha
its the internet, no english class,
Let's get rich and buy our parents homes the south of France.
Kathy Scharbarth's sister stood and shook her fists while DA gave details of her murder
your tour starts on my b-day (brithday) :)
you hot damn right i f*ck fans
Randy Moss played in the NFL after he left the Patriots? That's news!
Don't eat salami before hot yoga as it tends not be a spiritual experience for the person next to you
I will never be able to understand how the heck Simon Cowell is associated with music and being famous.
Insert sad tweet here.
I be tweeting like a mfkr nowadays.
New Year's Resolutions Of The Stars (Not Really), In Bigger Than The Sound
HELP!: The HF-Twestival needs your help promoting the show and selling tickets. How can you help out? Let us know!
RC? My dad installed a timed irrigation system with fertilizer attachment. He had one row of impatients.
Father and son, both with matching oxygen tanks, just say down at a booth.
Stop by and say hello
Good job DC!
heard from 70's and 80ks sitcoms because ur small and, in real life, ur insignificant.
This is why I got way too excited about Google Play. AN ALTERNATIVE!!!
No, sir. Everything went well.
not sleeping anyway though...what's up w that?
Haha I bet. I wouldn't be surprised if that happened
Mental note cardboard boxes lined with wax paper don't make good soap molds!
Ah nap number 2, ask me to get up at 7:30 on my day off! Blasphemy!
How is it I'm laying in bed on a Friday night.
First time in my life I hear chanting for pride of the US.
Money music and my seed...yeah dats my life!...
thank you!
profotousa self-thought discount por favor. =]
RT : Ready for #musesocial chat about museum social media 3/29 from 12-5 pm ET? Think we can get museum audiences involved too?
yeah....you've never been trained, unless you've been star trained.
you are my new fav!!
ain't that the damned truth!
"Tuiting/debt rising, funding cut" ~ Oversight Comm, UC/CSU Reports/Investigations: Policies/Procedures/Responses 4 On-Campus Demonstrations
Haha f the police lmao we can lie Ahaha I know how to talk my way outta trouble lol
What up lil daddy.. Where big mama? lol
doing good. doing fall cleaning today. that includes cleaning up my twitter. How you doin?
how hav u been ?
Well earlier then I usually get up 4 school
hope you are enjoying this lovely day wherever you are.
I am good, tired but headed to a pta mtg. in an hour, oh well!
show your work!
Thank you!!
“: I did it! Done with Facebook”
#NYC users if your near Olivia Bar take a photo and upload to Earn cash for your efforts :)
I was a fan, but he has lost me by pushing Santorum over Newt & Perry.
I'm thinking a movie by myself sounds good tonight but which one .. The lucky one... Think like a man ... Or cabin in the woods
I like free CDs!
Put me at the head of the dork shorts list. I want to go first and set the standard for dorkiness.
RT : If you're reading this right now, you have a sad, pathetic, social life. Fucking loser.
Well... The lighting was good...
Lets #Partay! RT : sister finally moved in! starting to feel a lot better about this place
How did the crowd react?
no one gives a shiit
BOOHOO D: What happened?
I didn't or haven't met marcos, just people within the uprising
If #ncaa wants us to take conf tourneys seriously, than reward the winners with one seeds. Missouri and #B1G winner deserve a one.
Looked like I'd be locked into the 900 plan for 2 years, and I've been planning to downgrade. CS just confirmed that's not true.
Took life in hands yesterday--cel phone photoed a page for research purposes--did it at Books-a-Million. Real outlaw writer, I am.
Don't wanna keep this going, but still feel bad :/
Follow My New Page
lol well do it then (: please.
I ordered it for our library, but have yet to watch it. It is right up my alley!
It was a joy spending time with you, Amy, Lauren, Karen and Eric.
yes sir, buddy! plaid shirt, boots, and a cowboy hat....
I am grateful for an understanding and awesome advisor:
thanks Lucas ... break a leg tmrw.
It's 's birthday! Everyone wish her a happpyyy birthdaaayyy<3
Google Voice transcribed the spelling of my name wrong!
#ILeftYouBecause you wanted to take your sweat ass time
Fred Haise - Renaissance Man.
Last night was dope. Even 2/5 of LoCote Street is doper than other fools whole crew. Imagine when we all clique up
sorry about last night bro!
#3WordsOfAdvice Always Say Please
is killing the "sky is falling" on the NFL hysteria. Great job.
touché... To my credit, I was moving
#AskScandal I remember in #Ghost and he was the bad guy.
it has, yeah. been good/busy. my niece got chickenpox which amounted to nothing more than 10 day w/o school + fussiness. xD
yeayea... i do miss you friend we need to talk
same here! Coconut is my fave!! What's yours?
. Agree but not nearly as bad as Leonard and Farried getting first place votes
Happy hour going on right now. Late night happy hour 9pm to close. Cheap stuff that's delicious. Naz today Kyle tonight behind bar. Cheers
you tell me kirsten!
Oh emotional conflict, you are a cruel creature. btw, those are the best books ever.
after how many years and pro-MLB rulings?
I find it ironic though, that some crew that has refused to work for free for me, still asks me to work for free for them
we offer happy hour at 3 pm on rotating drafts and bottles. also some munchie specials. Tonite we have panel talks
Thanks for the tools. I'm just trying to come to terms with whether or not I want to be on SM for that many hours a day :)
I LOVE Steller's Jays!!
#InAGhettoHouse just ran out of fried chicken and grape kool-aid
check out our Facebook-based roommate matching software for student properties. www.roombug.net
RT “: members: don't forget to vote for the ! #webserieschat”
I hate it when you want to help someone with something but you just dont know what to say.
Thank you for the
Just got canceled for tonight, too windy and cool. Oh well, night off .
Great show tonight #abq Stunning performances!
Little bit of reggae in the morning :)
Good Lord the union gospel mission gets a lot of good looking female volunteers to serve meals!!! #justsayin #underdogstory4thegrandkids?
Damn that was wicked crash
BIG TIME LA TONIGHT. So Exciting
cheer with biggsissy!!<U+2764><U+2764>
I would prefer sh for Salesman's samples rather than Dummies. And my instinct might be to use a $h[realia] or [object]?
Softball game tnite!
Seymour to Raiders. But the Raiders release Garcia? They really think Jamarcus is a team leader? Raider fans must be pissed...
It was great to see everyone here in the bay, but I'm now it's back to SD.
I told y'all I might kangol n gold tooth it...
Any other health care marketers here?
Great Shot of the Chip! Any story behind it? Were there variations of just how busted was "too busted"? Enjoying the texture.
Are you not coming to dinner with us now? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Ok, what gives? Is Facebook down or something?? Can't log in.
I would just like to say I do not enjoy your comment on Ashley's FB post about her red hair.
Today has been the longest day ever!!!!
then that's the one I'm gonna get. (:
Networking isn't hard. You just have to commit to it. Attend at least one event a month to start. :)
The best kind of brother is one who lets you do his makeup for prom...
Danggit Groupon, I don't really need a monogrammed set of towels but I really do
Playing Wordfued best Androind app ever
i really thought it was a joke when i heard about it. ridiculousness...
The show was fantastic. They are sold out through Dec31. I hope they extend the run so more people can go.
those are awesome!!!!
I need to hang out with my boyfriend tomorrow for our 2 week anniversary. <3
Q: what has #marchmadness done for your brand?
*watching the vampire diaries* OMFG STELENA KISS HOLY SHITTING FINALLY OMG. IM DYING OK.
no doubt! Walking into that store today was like walking into a time machine :)
I'm literally tearing up right now looking through professional pics from & 's wedding - love you two SO MUCH.
Klinsmann guided Germany to a 20-8-6 record and a third place finish in the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
I think I'd rather drop a lime in my bourbon, actually.
Please follow me on twitter
Life without you is like a broken pencil; absolutely no point
Don't make me sad.
RT : Jeremy Lin should pull a Willis Reed, enter game, carry Knicks to victory, cause Internet to explode.
tbh i cried the first time i listened to "thank you jb", i seriously love that song<3
Hey, Justin Blackmon wants you to be a Ram
Blood only makes you a relative, loyalty makes you family
Damn it Eastwood >:/ counting me absent when i was there!
i wanna watch a movie:/
nah. I considered it a Sunday best behavior ep.
"Massive" open online courses or "massively" open online courses?
Today & tomorrow need to go by fast so I can finally get a weekend. I haven't been off since last Thursday.
can't wait I'll the Dictator comes out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Sounds great! Have a great time and tell all those other Army wives an Army wife in San Antonio says hello! :)
what R your thoughts on #wronglyconvicted men?? #Chadevans2 was #wronglyconvicted in NH. Please check out his story. got ?s
Self-driving vehicles on near horizon, GM's former randd chief says Self-driving vehicles, once thought to be a thing far in the future,
text me trick!
its all good I was gonna watch it regardless, ya know?
...u hitting that up?
Happy following ---> good morning!!
Time to crack down and clean. At least I have great music and coffee!
lol ummmhmmm , I want all that skin & bones
Diary of an angry white girl: the whole foods cashier forgot to put my sushi and cupcakes in the bag.
I heard that the were gonna be on "Shake it up"
thanks for them invite :p Haha but u boyz are amazing tonight :*
I wouldn't say I was missing it, Bob.
Nicholas you should come to the next game I was bucking lol
The lyrics to that one Salt 'N Pepa song are actually about how powerful they think John Goodman is.
monkey burger = NOM!
Thanks! Now I need to know about the history of cork as writing/printing material. Interwebs, here I come!
do you still have Buffalo Wing?
And officially no one cares about the Bucks anymore.
Awesome Van SMACK!!!!
#tuesday trivia=)
Cats tend to meow only at humans, very rarely other cats. So, there’s a strong chance ‘meow’ means: “Come hither, slave”
Its on...(dare I say it?) like DONKEY KONG!
Don't mind if I do ;)
Dressing too young for your age can be a sign that you can’t leave a certain period in your life.
Welcome to spring, #Cleveland !
it's like the blind leading the blind.
Told by that I can't receive a promo deal that started between my sign up call and my installation, just because...
Might sell one of my cars this weekend and I'm realizing I'm rather emotionally attached to it. That feels a bit crazy.
Anyone had Abita Strawberry Harvest Lager? Opinions?
Hate to admit it but the last episode of #Scandal was a little too sappy/feel good for me.
The most important luck is 'who' luck, not 'what' luck. Get a high return on it by honoring ur relationships. Collins
Have you had a chance to make it back to recently?
Consumers Can Earn Double Aeromexico Club Premier® Miles at Choice Hotels Properties*
when the music is right you can be so productive in accomplishing homework.
goin to bed now, goodnight lovlies! dream beautiful dreams!!
yeah i heard that's how pauly d got his show. by spamming them
Do you think someone diagnosed with Asperger's (on the Autism spectrum) should be sentenced to jail? It happ's today. Give me yur thoughts.
3 day work week this week & 4 day weekend! Love it! :)
Why not? Everyone else has either covered or spoofed.
A young man who wishes to remain a sound atheist cannot be too careful of his reading. C. S. Lewis
smh always gotta have somethin to say
Conceptualizing a Contra Alliance graphic novel containing a prologue structured like Valiant's RAI
Enjoyed The National Book Festival today. The place was swarming with book lovers!
We all have our time machines. Some take us back, they’re called memories. Some take us forward, they’re called dreams.
...but if you really need to exfoliate your palate right away - Cap'n Crunch...
Why am I still upp?-__-
Obama, you're finally doing something right by supporting same-sex marriage. Love shouldn't be restricted by gender
Thinking about you, beautiful!!
If you a top notch bitch lemme hear ya holla.
Beliebers Love You Kidrauhl with all our heart <3
#3ImportatntWords Seems pretty simple... I Love You Be sure and tell those important to you. Sometime it is later than you think.
#REAL BRAND MUTHA FUCKIN BRAND NEW........
Home alone eating ice cream and watching tv like a depressed chick... :\
Tea time! AKA Shiner Bock and Cheese-It's. Cc
I put the pic up Sydney was gone do it but I put it up but I took it off Twitter so stop bitching!
Happy Bastille Day, or as those of us on the other side of the pond are wont to call it, "The Ides of July."
Our dog Lucy is 7 years old today. That's 45 in human years. I expect her to need reading glasses soon...
Watching the Pregnancy Pact. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
get up get up get up lol
#ReplaceBandNamesWithPancake Pancake Avenue c:
is performing Tuesday evening at Emmanuel Church, 7:30pm! Mozart, Ravel and Mendelssohn.
great meeting you at #bigboldbenefit you're gonna kill it
Sick ass goal by Freddy Montero
Braun catches the third out in a one-run inning for the #Cardinals. Not looking good for the #Brewers, down 8-2.
Link does not work.
One day Mastodon, High on Fire and Converge all played a show together in my neighborhood. That was cool.
11am today: Kerri Kelly will be taking over at Yoga Tree! She's pretty BOMB!
Wade did too much!!
i mean hog
Are you able to print a version of the proposal? (pdf)
"We should give em STD's then tell em we are kidding!!" - Tyler The Creator
#everyone please follow me I need more #followers I'll follow back
Thankful I don't have #summitprobz anymore haha
It waz too hot last night.. Couldn't sleep at All
#AGuyShould treat his woman like a Queen.... ; )
re-watched Momento recently. Had forgotten had great it was!
Who's doing the warrior dash with me August 11th??!
Going to the male review at mable murphys!
can you tell us the results of the review of all AEDs? How many had insufficient charge or were otherwise not working?
Burns, where are you moving? New radio gig?
Enjoying a short late lunch break between creative tasks. Have been drawing, painting & bookmaking all weekend. I love art :)
Former First Lady's Literacy Foundation issues $65k to Fluvanna County Schools. Details on 19 News Nightcast
#xfactor news!!.#cheryl is demanding a #meatdress , simon will fob her off with a new song or something
The secret weapon for tomorrows big run will be "Feel So Close". It's going to sound so good on the Great Highway!
Happy May Day, tweeters
I LOVED SHUTTER ISLAND and still have no idea what the heck the truth is in this film. That Scorsese!! What a gift.
I LOVE ALL OF YOU. :) RT OR FOLLOW PLEASE! #PUT GOD FIRST.
..this is so great!
Great! Let me know when you'll be in NYC!
Seriously want to go buy one of those funnel cakes
I'd love he touch me the way he can touch his mic during "Stay" SO DAMN SEXY #JonasFanProblems :/
Spending time with my sweet Mama!! #lovinit#
Surely you'd rather be playing 100 Innings of Baseball. Get down to Adams Field in Quincy.
Hahaha. I hope so, hence the RT ;-) Happy holidays to the entire BDV team, and a very happy new year!
That may be the first truly bad goal Quick has allowed all playoffs.
Got aces cracked, lost minimum.down a little right now, but still fighting.
holy crap are you alive?!
PO$ITIVE PU$H SUPPORT THE MOVEMENT OR BE PART OF IT
had a good day shopping with hanna today :) and is now chillingg in bed ;)
wow. Where in the word did you find this pic. The Jean vest and strips on the Jean shorts. I was doing it big lol
I see hipsters in #Millwood. Does that mean it's cool to live in the #Spokane Valley now?
RT : I expect Jeremy Lin to return for Game 5. His camp is optimistic that he'll be able to play in Miami.
Duplicated a live environment on a virtual machine running Windows Server 2003, SQL Server 2003, ColdFusion. Great development environment
I think I just saw mud from camp nowhere
IS AFRAID OF A LITTLE FIRE :DD
Good luck of #Wisconsin #Broadband project & , panel at #SXSWi in Austin TX today, 2pm.
RT : RT : Q5 What is the benefit of being visible at work?
RT Dear Yahoo, For the record, no one ever says "I don't know, let's Yahoo it!" #JustSaying Sincerely, Google ;)
Catching people in a lie is funny to me.
And at 12:32pm, you'll get to file that report.
Ordered "how to talk dirty and influence people" by lenny Bruce for the library branch collection and it's here!!
lets make a deal....you hit my follow button i will vot for you guys for the rest of the day
Dinner with parents. Sweet. Wonderful.
Thank you for following ! Thanks for re-tweeting!!
The folks from Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve are already planning to CGI Dick in for their next broadcast.
i was like "Bitch why aren't you controlling you're motherfucking mouthy ass daughter? What the fuck is wrong with you?!"
Ok, now what? House with two women We forgot toilet paper and are out...damn #snowatl. I'm over this!
Is that Google Plus or Skype or ... ?
Wha?? Buying this now. RT : I think I may have wet myself a bit! I spent my childhood playing this! My day? Made.
Recommends "Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap (Live) (Sydney Festival, 30 Jan. 1977)" by AC/DC on Pandora
Saw the March 9 content workshop from on Twitter; just registered. Looking forward to it!
thanks Kirby! Will email you re ALA.
I look BAD today .
oh:( what time is it?
thursdays are fridays with a caveat...what the hell else u gonna do in the morning but sleep anyway!!!! go drink hard and work the same:)
Steve Blake, the real MVP.
RT : According to condom manufacturers, only 6% of the male population actually needs extra large condoms, the rest just lie.
Haha that my it but seriously it's not working btw hi Roman
what was on that pizza?
yep. Breeds questions of scope as well: class, department, institution, consortium, etc. Thx.
#Writing is a splendid headache. Fun when words spill forth like a raging river and a catastrophic, hair-pulling experience when they won't.
Not sure what I would do if I didnt have Justin Beiber to get me through the day cc:
Geography study guide. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I asked my nephew who's he taking to prom he said he's taking me lol. Awww so precious
Actually, not even sure it is still andrew. . . anyway - I sent from my work email as well, just in case.
Loving were lives (: hope i c him today
Thanks for liking my page Karma, Mariana, Latrece, and Michael! :-)
Denver: massive construction, may backpackers. Nice bookstore, though. Now, to the airport!
I've loved the Shins for quite a while. Saw them live a few times too. Check out Oh Inverted World & new Point of Morrow
Thanks, as describing our Christmas concerts as "gorgeous stuff for the season." We hope you can join us!
RT: Repeat after me!! You can't stop my Go!!
seriously, , get the **** off my porch. so not cool to keep eating my potted plants.
Heat whooped them Knicks :D
omg film party in the bio lab! Actually that would probably be dangerous... I'll keep thinking.
That’s my second straight flight to SF that included a TSA rub-down. Yay!
thanks(: would you follow me?
Amazingly interesting podcast did by featuring the real Rick Ross, , not the Studio Rick Ross who jacked his name.
I feel like a nerd carrying around a kindle .. #itsagoodbook ! <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096>
Man hoes Make me mad cause why try to jump me when you can fight me 1on1
That's hysterical. But #3 just changed my life. Never thought about it before.
yep, thats what we've done and will do this time again.
#GraphicDesign services available..hit me up
RT : Friday night lights on the iPad all day today... Best show ever
I see your hustle!!! Respect!
let's record tomorrow at 11. You think you can get up early?
I love One Direction. That is all.
Inspiring to hear!
RT : Csikszentmihályi: tech is made by the powerful, corporations and govt; not a surprise that most are socially regressive
Hang in there Champ!!!
i don't even know what it is...for some reason my phone doesn't like the link..
Yup, it was "Without You" in Italian.
First Tube
Wearing my improv pants to improv class. What makes an improv pant and improv pant, you ask? The built in diaper.
Highly recommend America the Beautiful 2. Watching it now. Great doc on America's unhealthy obsession with thinness.
#taxobc content should always come before IA. -Mike Doane
wat club's should i hit this week got 4 outfits for the week
RT : Fail fast, fail forward (progress), fail better. - Erik Qualman
what are jeggings? Jogging leggings?
Watching my kids grow is amazing :) can't believe my baby girl will be 3 soon and my baby boy will be 7 months old next week!!!
Boarding in groups now...
DID U HAVE FUN TONIGHT!!
What did the painter say to the wall? One more crack and I’ll plaster you!
you're a Pipt!
Time to assemble and smash once again.
How in the hell are all these WR going before McNutt. Iowa's conservative offense killing his prospects.
I saw reports on Twitter about rain at the Festival of Books. That also proves the DANGER of social media. What I call eGroup Think
About to go live on Kruser to talk about the KDA audit.
Life that is what's happening.
Always a great day when the Bears win!!!!!
kevin harvick lets get a quick caution so we can race to the front, you moving up in point since lot good car wreck
I will be asleep in all my classes today
thanks man! haven't updated in a couple of days working on some new stuff!
I don't wanna open my mouth cause my retainer is really ugly... Lol no taking for me today :)
kay! Thanks(:
Lots of sales lead followup calls today regarding #OnlineVideo, #VideoSEO & #SocialMedia needs. Happy Valentine's to me=)
N bed watching 's princess frog-the things we do for our sick children. My daughter says, I would wish on a star 2 never b sick again
Wow, did the Denver punter really just do the "point to the sky and thank god" celebration after a mediocre punt that ended in a fair catch?
great article on #UWEBCconf and !
don't be that guy
Good night, beautiful people. May you be blessed with sweet and wet dreams. Smooches.
703 followers yay love u all !
Pens games they'll kill you!
Thanks to all who stopped by our #AWP booth! Now, time to read all of these submissions...
Oriental store, he we come!
#SuperBowl 35 still had the best half time to date.
I can see feeling weird, but I don't know that it's "wrong" per se.
thanks. Brady's podium is packed!
the twitters user do vote but it's not just modeling it's also acting and traveling and so much more fun this show is big
Harris County DA Debate Tonight! Mike Anderson v Pat Lykos! - Houston Chronicle (blog)
hahahahaha ok ok
it get routine after awhile. tml now tho. im about to get off bro
Happy Monday! How was everyone's weekend?
Just a few more days of the Yellow Tag Sale...swing by and check it out!
im there for a week. I get to Seattle this Saturday and I leave the next Sunday. Come up!!!
I'm hosting and this weekend. This is going to get out of hand. Fast.
yea , wut bout U ?
I can make rain stop If i wanna, just like my attitude.
yum! I love pubs and I'm Cuban ;)
There should be a Tumblr that puts beards on EVERYTHING
it's on thanks tho
He hates me now, my parents are about to hate me soon... maybe i should just piss everyone off.. then ill be able to die alone.. yayyyyyy
Can anyone suggest some new games for my #iPhone?
In ThE Grocery Store
So this Galaxy Nexus is pretty much the sexiest thing I've ever laid eyes on.
You better grow some sort of beard.
she was really good they were not fair with the scores blessings :)
yea u r
your superhero name could be Ginger Boy. And maybe your power is taking peoples souls to make them like a ginger? Haha :)
yay! What cat?
Im one happy bitch lately ;)
Still feeling full and in love from Cochon yesterday! What a great event and congratulations to Alex from
Disconnected from wifi for one night and it drove me crazy!
HAPPY 4 YEARS IN BUSINESS TO US! $800 Class for a LIMITED TIME ONLY! Call us (248) 477-5548
,Do you have any locations in downtown Denver? I enjoyed my stay @ your Minneapolis location.
Special gratitude to all those who serve this great nation. We will never fully comprehend the sacrifices you make. I'll never forget.
#LIS415 cataloging is driving me sad and crazy. What the hell are the differences among a field tag, an indicator, and a delimiter?
Mels, for future ink in LA you should check out Velvet Grip on Santa Monica. Todd is a pro's pro. Pretty piece, btw;)
just kidding. Good for you. “: ??? Really?”
We now offer Business Card Magnets, Car Magnets, Vinyl Decals & Lettering, Etched Glass Decals, Car Graphics & More-Contact us for info!!
Hi We're staying downtown at the and looking for a good brkfst spot we can walk to. Recs?
coachella. I'll be there next year!
Giant panda gorilla dub squad :)
Thanks for the following! Greatly appreciated!
It'll still be a party.
and I love Sky Blue Sky. I'm way biased though.
just found out that dolce vita is open for lunch. hooray!
is this real life?!
you shouldn't put things like that of twitter...at least the person who is likely to smash through ur window is away! Skype? X
"PROS and CONS:A Fantasy Football Movie" www.imdb.com/title/tt1626197/ Produced by SABRA ROBERTS YOUNG, President of TAF/TP
Yep, green clouds mean hail. Went by fast though.
Only ONE spot left in our Kids Yoga Teacher Training Course which starts tonight at 6:30! Still time to register before we close it out!
Choco chip cookies or sugar cookies
egg and cheese sandwich
Ok here we go
Happy Birthday !!
There's 4 or 5 people I love having classes with but not one class where we're all together except lunch but only on wensdays :(
Welcome to Twitter!
#raw10 Shakespeare said, To be or Not to be, that is the Question? Well, I say, You are What you are, that is the Answer!
Living the DREAM!
I don't even have the brain power to think of a good title for it.
I'm not hating on michigan because I love the wolverines but why are they seeded so high!
#WhyDoIAlways Fall For Your Type <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Success as a eye care manager. Lose you ego and ask for help when you're in over your head.
lol omg ultra and twitter!
that movie scary
I'm hurting and wish i knew someone who had the fix I need :(
didnt give me a hug todayy :(
Lady Gaga just arrived to the #Grammys in an egg!
Got two job interviews tomorrow so happy..
No desire to study today but it must be done
As soon as I finish my masters I'm going to take piano lessons and a photography class.
I aint with the bull , so this aint bull - you a weeenie I bet youu be layin on your meat !
hahaha shut your mouth! will I see you tomorrow?
I dislike both equally for different reasons LOL I'm looking forward to #CLIPPERS beating #Spurs, though.
You do! I think.... Dark skin . Big Butt (no homo) . huge smile . Acne
A life without dreaming is a life without meaning
Third time's the charm for Ed Reed!
Did you send out a video for yesterday?
Ah thx! Amazing the number of birthday wishes you get when you threaten to unfollow 12,800 followers. Haha!
omg rofl literally
Why have I not learned jquery sooner! SO much easier than javascript.
Bobcats to interview Patrick Ewing for head coaching job. Does Jordan realize the NBA doesn't have a Rooney Rule?
Cant wait!RT : My Mixtape #DEWEYBOYZ Coming Soon!!!! Hosted By
Gorgeous dress
If I had a time turner, those term papers would be graded, but I would have less hair and more wrinkles.
I refuse to be a woman's problem. Especially if your own problem is YOU
In one month I'll be in London. Yes.
great day with the family! - now just have to do this shitload of work
no problem! :)
I know I'm in the country when I have to dodge beer cans coming out of the truck in front of me.
I Need To Be N Bed... I Have Important Ish To Take Care Of In The Am...
Silence is golden lol
Cant Wait!
Obama says light bulbs aren't sexy. I disagree. I have a red one that spins. It's really sexy. Not about to replace w/his unsexy one.
meh. typical. fonts=expensive.
Such a great story arc.
Saw you last night on our way home. We were about to yell, but the light changed. SZ was hoping we'd turn around & go back.
02 November 2011: Today is the deadline to bid for a world's fair in 2020: It is Brazil vs. Russia vs. Thailand vs. Turkey.
a salad of Cleverly Farms greens tossed with only olive oil and sea salt would make that a meal!
Just got here!! Mania is ordered!! Fiance bringin snacks!! All is great!
Why do I do the work that I do? Because of the freedom it gives me.
THE BAY STATE. ANGELS AND KINGS. 7PM. oh hi new york city :)
It sucks to be a person with a virtually endless memory. I can never forget bad things.
Laundry, coffee, (maybe) a trip to , then for late night with Krishna.
: "With on a tour of Salt Lake Cities' finest kosher vegan sports bars. #applebeets" Go Myq!
We can open just about anything you can lock. Service calls start at $19.00
YO HOMIE,WE IN ARIZONA WITH DEEZLE HE WANNA SAY THANKS FOR ALL THE LOVE..NO4 ft.DMX & DANI STEVENSON "TELL YA FRIENDS"
I found out another former high school classmate is a librarian. What is it about the water around here?
Haha! Ditto. Actually, need to find which box it is in first ;)
Meet me & Ali at food lion <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> oh yeah
Welp...No Crutches = No School
i dm you back
if you're a fan of THE LAST FIVE YEARS, then FIRST DATE is something you'll dig. GREY GARDENS is next!
Custom T-Shirt idea: Google That Shit.
yo! who's performing tonight? LOL. I'm so out of the loop.
I can hit "pause" on it if you'd like. I got skills. :-)
Now #hdsholiday, onto resolutions for 2012... ??
The "desktop" metaphor has been around for so long, it's hard to predict if "cloud" will still be a thing in a few years.
What makes presentations go viral? Here are 7 Inspiring Facts and 5 Tips
Have anyone seen the X-Factor tonight? Young Rachel Crow voted off & always tried to act so grown up but proves she is just a baby tonight
We'd all be closer to getting along if we were all able to see a doctor.
Smooth Criminal <3
im such a good friend, im getting a phone case!!
What's happening May 18th?!
This Friday night, students sent messages to Gilad Shalit on a big birthday card. We won't forget.
Need a nap before tackling that drive back
Since it's the early worm that gets eaten by the bird, sleep late.
#UMD beats Maine 5-2... now faces Boston College for a chance to go to the #ForzenFour in hockey
same, but what's an alternative term that would help lawyers understand what we're talking about?
Gtown flat bill.
Pandora + J Dilla's station + A 12 pack of Guiness + building UFO's + A whole bunch of other shit to do = a very intersting afternoon! ZOOM!
where you from?
Run, training for stairs, then kickball. Starting my week off right =)
Missing Home
Yes it is difficult but if it were easy my kids could do it. We all need to work hard to adapt faster and better.
Spread the love Monday March 12th by getting you and a friend milkshakes 2 for 1!
The Stonemason! A play by Cormac McCarthy
I don't see why you're still following me on here yet we aren't friends
#Imagine You're standing in front of the mirror, Harry comes & hugs you from behind. Harry:"You're beautiful, can't believe you're mine."
Headed out for some course testing. Hopefully I'll have some pictures to post tonight.
Lmao spelling correction breaking dawn
There is no going back for Libya!
I wish people would stop supporting terrible music
sweet! btw i have work in culver city mon/wed if you want to meet up either night :)
Lol I only got three gurls number in my phone. My mom,cousin,and my bestfriend!!! I don't need no other females number. I hate bitches
is open for business....well, they're serving PBR. 2028 E North Ave. Check in.
crazy awesome!
Really ? In Denver, 20 people are stranded bc you overbooked a bus & now they can't get home to their families.
Haha I'm sure we will hear it 100 times in Vegas!
Just got home to see my bracket got Folked up while I was gone! Time for side bet action now to try and cover my losses.
curled up in an arm chair . I could probably fall asleep right here, I'm THAT exhausted and this chair is THAT comfy.
perfect! Looks great on you. ;-)
Ever seen a Chihuahua run from a grasshopper? I bet you'd laugh too...:) ROFL
Spent today marketing and promoting my business. Tomorrow will be a better day for new business.
When wack ppl hv more followers than me <<<<
I really do not feel like being nice tonight.
Congrats to our #BostonMarathon team on your hard work and dedication yesterday!!
me to! Lmao
Conserve energy: How would you feel if someone turned you on and then left?
word! its going to be epic
Gettin and iphone 4s for christmas(: #yaabuddyy love u mom and dad
what station? No tv here - but might get it via blackberry
well, i don't understand.. and i'm just gonna go home and be bored by myself.. i'd rather be bored with you! ugh.
Improve core strength and leg tone by doing single leg squats and deadlifts. Sets of 10-15 should do you just fine.
Very excited to go play trumps golf course here in long beach, gonna be a treat.
omg he's so big!!!
In other words, you're a fair weather fan.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate you look way better in your profile pic lol
Yeah, I guess I'm the only M. Bennett fan too. I waffled on what TE to nab, but like his upside and youth.
with our integrated cloud platform we provide the entire stack ready to go on in minutes on an cloud server
haha it's okay. And yeah I know, I'm so ready for school to be over.
happy birthday fam
you're two hours away from home! I miss you and I HAVE to see you :)
Nagamura just Charlie horsed there like no other. Those things hurt like a mother.
awww you are amazing!
Show NO love, love will kill you...
Formulating a new lip balm! Any suggestions on what kind of ingredients you would like to see in it?
cool we'll be there July 15-22. Hope we can tee it up!
Sweat her, that's a no-no.
Huge thank you to , , & for joining us today & supporting #Nationallabday. You guys were awesome!
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN!!! &heart;
i know there is a mini snickers somewhere in my desk drawer and i can't find it! arrgggggg
Thank you so much Tanya and for a great interview.. is excited to share your stories
The true joy in life: Be a mighty one, be a force of nature, my life belongs to the whole community.
Hey friends. I just uploaded my new lfifestlye video with my pool & luxury estate. I also uploaded my 500K video. www.youtube.com/cashmast
It's so nice to have someone serve you. all the time!
Vegas funnies
thanks for the mention!
Who is this
agree. #WorstFeeling no matter what level you play - losing Sucks! Should make you work even harder though.
I will cry if I dont get a birthday tweet : ( thats litterally all I wanted ALL day! Pretty Please?
They don't believe they are cooler than me. Related, I wear ties.
I did not know philly was this good
last one - ryan adams - dirty rain
#parenttrap such a good film for a sunday!
D-Now at BHBC this weekend. I pray that the impact to the middle and High school students will not Temporary but Everlasting.
Game time, #GoCanes!
We'll try to keep 'em coming! Thanks for purchasing! Enjoy using it :)
Okay, I believe your the fucking mother of the year just as much as your son is believing your act.
Better Business: Be on the watch for online phone directory scams - Memphis Commercial Appeal
Thanks 4 RT awesome show last night #HouseOfBlues #Orlando Ready for Saturday #RuthEckard #Tampa show
those awkward days when your best friend isn't at school and you feel like a total loner.
I know more history about One Direction then my own country.
That's #40dollars I won't have to donate to any Republican to fight your $1Billion re-election campaign.
no problem! video looks great.
We would love to talk to you about a possible position with us. Please contact us at for details.
I was kidding.... Lol
Turns out, you can submerge an #Xbox controller in Ramen and it will still work!
Fred Fiedler & Martin Chemers Improving Leadership Effectiveness
You might try
In Soho. Had to take a bus because the train wasn't running
Man call me!
#GreatestAlbumsOfallTime The Documentary
at the charlotte airport for layover. ppl so friendly here. bathroom attendent said "have i safe flight!" i said "you too!"
sounds legit!!
cole world but im hot as shit does that mean im bipolar
No, haven't seen that one... any good?
and what did you say?
Umm... so I followed a bunch of new people, and now my old followees are not showing up on my feed. Huffington Post took over everything.
Four interim releases of #DuraCloud (prototypes) in 2012, with final release at end of 2012 (production).
Me too. Then you'll enjoy Atlas Shrugged as well, likely for the same reasons. It's a helluva good read.
One more hour to get any special orders for book in for Christmas delivery. Cutoff is 11:30AM!
Good luck sweetie xx
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear. -Martin Luther King, Jr.
YES!! That tagline is a keeper, it's all about wellness empowerment and supporting others on their own path towards balance
Oily Rag: For a cheep meal, crack a few eggs - The Bay of Plenty Times
dan+savage
you still in town for tonight?
A little writing turns into a lot of writing if you are doing this consistently.
Alright here we go Bucks
Ah crap NO. GO AWAY D':
Well that certainly explains A LOT! Quick, someone tell FL!
i dont know whats wrong with me
Sorry homie, memorial day can be my "eat whatever I want day" I go two weeks left.
bring your "A" game tomorrow!
strictly for medicinal purposes, gents.
The Election Prevention Act is an undemocratic bill that undermines our values.
Audit a free acting class -either Monday Mar 26th or Tues. Mar 27th. Call Eric Davis 310-849-8158, email
Hi :) I hope I get to meet you someday, but it might not happen. Either way, I just want you to know that I love you! <3
When I try searching for flights, I often get "Message: Object reference not set to an instance of an object."
: get it Morgan>> lol thanks Michael!!! ;-)
thank you so much, that's very kind of you
start using the scoop with theme from it is the best theme in
who are you going in on lol, its monday be nice to the little girls lol
at least I beat you once!
Hm what to do tonight
why is it that when I play one of my better games, we lose?
...have a school cat, and hire clowns to greet the buses in the morning
Im not gonna teach you how ta act tho
Just saw Courageous with the fam on this Good Friday..All I can say is..I WILL!!
Watching prospects of an active wx pattern developing across much of central and east U.S. come later next week and following weekend
Cool! I work there. Just in case you didn't know. Lol
I'm 100% behind this idea. RT : Dying!! I so <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> Eddie. Please bring him for the staff pic tomorrow. He can be our mascot
im great family , how about you bro . Wyd this weekend
#WhenIWasLittle i called bananas "boo-nanas"
is on ustream
So glad we can keep in touch this way at least! I love too!
Obama: "We have to reform Medicare to strengthen it." // Gives up on Dems argument that health care law reformed Medicare
California Love!
Gov. Jerry Brown proposed cuts to poor MedCal patients as part of his plan to eliminate a $26.6 billion deficit.
Oh please! You ae a fabulous writer! Own your greatness. Loving it so far. xo
Have you brewed with our kits before? Typically you use the whole thing. If you have noticed overcarbonation, use a little less
refilled my aleve bottle this morning!
Man oh man the pacers going in!
no it looks like shit it's uneven and my hair is a mess today
he was still plenty mad about me having swiped.
its hot as fuck anyway lol but tell my nigga dave we on something tonite
i agree....I was just listening to REAL TESTAMENT yesterday....Dat album puts u in thug mode for a min!
I hope he is! I wasn't sure what to do so I kept driving and called home. Parents said just come on home so that's what I did.
You're absolutely right!
I do NOT like this girl. My roommate does not like that I'm yelling "you whore, go away" at the television.
Seriously. Fuck being rich, my american dream is a washer, dryer, & a water softener.
I agree with Randy, it was barely ok
i will never become a house wife... burned frozen made cookies.
Driving around DC in an SUV has only opened my eyes to how many people are driving SUVs. We deserve every shitty thing that happens to us.
Let's get this game Giants!
oh! Thank you!
all these bitches jusss aiming to please.
I plan to start tweeting here more often.
somebody please tell me what I am hearing about Ryan Braun is false...please
BIG BLUE NATION is proud to have you could I get a rt
Summer is just around the corner!When was the last time you took a long road trip?
... the only motivational speech they need to play in the 4th Q of Heat home games is Al Pacino's "inches in front of your face!" jont.
New tracks coming soon, thanks to members of Mapmaker and Gramps The Vamp for letting us use your space.
nm in chemistry
Today's vet bill for 97-gram cockatiel: $860. That's $8.86 per gram, or about 8x the price of silver.
MRI showed torn ACL for D ROSE. Out for rest of season. :(
Just taught my final class Bittersweet all around: so many wonderful students and colleagues, so much for which to be grateful.
I feel really bad for MySpace, pay phones, and Jason Priestley.
Just finished a six week film acting class with Diane Heery in Philadelphia.
*walksinto kitchen* sorry, i git lost in my thought and was thawing out. *laughs*I
It is utterly amazing how quickly people dismiss things that they aren't familiar with and fall into groupthink.
I'm assuming you are located down south... LA, SD area?
That is weird, are you still in Pittsburgh?
very interesting article. Thank you for sharing.
Is it just me, or does anyone else think the poster looks like Emily Skinner?
Is Austrailian mustard different?
You Take me as I am or you have nothing at all
Confucius Say - A Magazine is a bunch of printed pages that tell you what's coming in the next issue.
Cus you don't tweet me anymore. :(
Always enjoy learning from the excellent
If you have an iPad and you aren't using Ignition, then you are only using 50% of your iPad. Files on my iPad and total access.
isn't Faith Evans a co-executor of the Biggie Estate being they never divorces? It may be the reason 4 the removal
would love to read your talk or see slides.
see that now...missed it first time around.
Goodnight...hopin she hit me wit dat good mornin txt..make my day!!!!
I'll try to restrain myself, but drunk texts are on the way!
And when you step with your anger, I'm like the robot from Lost in Space.
it has been overused forsure, but hey YOLO
How long is too long to wait for someone to get back to you? How about a "really busy, get back to you shortly message" in the interim?
At the PRSA luncheon!
haha me too.Was thinkjng the same“: I never seen so many news about even after Ryan's Grammy :/”
Dear sluts, stds arent like pokemon. You're not suppose to catch em all
Got some writing done so today was a good day. Now it's time for bed.
Remembering that we've made a few really great, lasting connections on Twitter today. Love it!
Up North is partyin what are you doing!!!?
Aki Kurose Middle School students get treated to Ne-Yo for winning National Get Schooled Contest.
A business pitch, a community keynote, a 5 part corp internal mtg, a business plan comp't + training = a great coaching wk!
Damn I miss the 90's
It's very interesting to observe the mind set of lesbian women on relationship issues. You seem very secure in yourself.
Interview style is the best - but never give questions beforehand for more spontaneous answers.
Saw Breaking Down tonight :P I barely like it :/ I want to c part 2 now just want to finish see the saga but I had a great time w/friends
This....sounds like a trick
RT : Life is difficult, but it is not a chore. Make it an adventure. Make it fun.
dude tat moustache suited her a lot....i m just not sure if its a real one
How can you miss the #orioles game today?
Don't miss fresh52 farmers market this morning! The weather is perfect and the produce is amazing!
I'm framing that ish. Chick looks HOT as a bastard.
I just called my boss 3 minutes ago and told him......... I have been at the doctor all morning with my mom because she has Granulariogle...
Ditto. Super embarrassing. RT : I'm so embarrassed for everyone on this show, but I can't stop watching.
19 pages... You just gave me my night read. :)
walk away for a while - take a walk - meditate
NEW YORK RANGERS WIN!!!!!
That sounds like an owiee! I need my thumbnail as I still use a blackberry. Were #cusswords shoutedv
Remember that old PM Dawn song? Aint it funny how some things, completely turn around?
Hell yeah!
Dispatches from VR - I like the New Vegas factions game design of closing of faction do to your actions, rather then Skyrims do it all.
Apparently was a marathon here today.....in Denver. I knew about the Chicago. Safety for all.
I'm creeping on you, creeping on Phil and Cory.
cc RT : honestly man, writers bring it every freakin' day. #ff, like, all of 'em
I can't wait till I can get my own dog
Fck, I need my nails done.
Several Multi Family Houses available in Honeoye Falls, NY..sought after school..Beautifully maintained..contact me for details
Marv your an idiot lol
lol we tweeted da same thing...im n da,library
Unseasonably warm weather has me feeling apprehensive...like we are building up weather debt and will have to pay it back ten-fold...
Kenny G and exhibition ice skating on TV...my world is complete!!!
Going to watch The Hunger Games for the second time with
Are we going to hear about RGIII demanding a trade, because he doesn't wasn't to play for stupid organization?
Fine, are you a student in college. If so..what is your major?
im glad someone feels my pain
so glad!
“: Rihanna to pose naked in Playboy? Hmm...” hm
I think we are going to see five year engagement by the same producers as bridesmaids. hope it is even close to being as funny
love that Chicago crowd chanting lets go
YOU SHOULD!!! AND ALL OF THEM I CANT PICK PAHAHHAHA
omgg. leviathan. im scared :$. compared to behemoth? makes me like cry LOOOL.
Just stopped at the I-40 Kingston exit & got a mocha java chiller at the Sonic
Don't underestimate the awesomeness of Mah Jongg!
I wanna hangout with my Mexican side of the family <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AE><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
thanks for the mention!
Today is the day! #Digitour #Orlando & get ready to do it FLORIDA STYLE!
Just answered the funniest Research Snippet question: "Does the sound of other people chewing fill you with rage?"
Did you know that most Celestial Seasoning and Bigelow Brand teas contain soy lecithin? Check their websites to see if your favorite does!
come! We're a really friendly group.
If U wanna talk to me just do it
Hi my #1gunner happy Valentine's day Sweetie
Who has heard of #cante?
#FF You stood tall these past weeks during the passing of your Grandpa Phil. I am very proud of you.
hey what's goin on
Today in 1940, FDR becomes 1st & only presidnt nominatd to a 3rd term. 1st took office in 1933; would go on to 4 terms. Born in NY.
now I'm going to NKU
First thought: FYTUKGLGUYFRFEQGB... but the coherent thoughts were basically just of inarguable and absolute love. Gorgeous.
CRASH: Vancouver @ Lombard in North Portland
Next time somebody try to act Hollywood on you, and you know u the next to blow. Just say 2 urself "I'ma b that mudafucka"
Woken up by a 4.0 centered in El Cerrito... time for coffee.
It's been on for 8 years and it's the last episode ever.....
What nourishes me, destroys me. -
Getting things ready for the next Mobile Indiana event on May 2nd. RSVP starting early this week!
haha. I hate the idea of sixteen and pregnant. thanks though.
You're kidding....geez.
If the Sox can't win with a position player pitching, they don't deserve to win. A-Gon was a complete no show except on defense.
rangers win 3-2 in OT one more game and the #NYR go on to the conference final
The Big Ten may be expanding - what do you think of a new university joining Ohio State's conference? Let us know your thoughts-join us !
to the window to the wall... ;D
Do mad cow prions show up in milk?
Move to Buffalo and home gets first Snowfall...
#SocialMedia + Social Causes = Incredible Potential.
RIP NY Knicks.
Just read some of your blog - you write very well! Very Unique style - keep it up
hahaha.. exactly! but naptime may be in order. Or just watch-tv-internet-waste-time. I do that all too often
How to create a LinkedIn profile that doesn't get you into trouble with your boss twurl.nl/wpci7o
Yah teeth yellow....<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Here we go...disrespecting the President.
Ok LSU is for real and the SEC is a solid conference. BUT #USC Will soon be back. I really want USC/LSU matchup!
First time in a long time watching the morning news. All it is bad news and weather.
can I get you a #jakelocker jersey for Christmas
Jenkins was drafted.
ps lets get a net gun
Are you referring to Tugg? Basically if you get enough people to RSVP for a movie you want to see, provided by Tugg, they
thanks for the RT
8.11.11 Food 4 Thought:" When you put faith, hope and love 2gether, u can raise positive kids in a negative world."
Yes because he is not demanding the best out of those guys!
Ima ask my dad if he can take my sister and me to the plaza or somewhere since where bored :p
I think im not single
#UWSocial is a house of brands working toward a branded house.
We see a growing energy gap: Devices that do more; batteries that can't keep up. Low-power devices need lower-power displays, no?
IF CIA WANTS ENTERTAINMENT THEY SHOULD READ "PYTHON" at least they will learn to be worth their money for any woman
The Peanut Buster kind? RT : How long does it take to make a fuckin parfait..
I was on a stroll to the old block(s), It's been a min, but damn I know a lot of people! lmao!
RT And of course public sector jobs have decreased since took office
Inspired by reading "Pacific Rims" by I watched Billy Ray Bates play with the Blazers in 1980. Should have a post up tommorrow.
that's because $FAST only went up $20 and $AAPL went up $200
RT : Cannot thank you enough for joining us at #BarCampTampa! Thank you for supporting our community!
Must be "bring ur fat pig girlfriend to the carwash day"
Thank You.
from the drought - we are at danger of losing millions of trees in Houston area.
Rain is Expected here in Mesa at about 12AM with Acumulation of rain less than 0.05 of an inch
had the best sleep of my life lastnight ! r/s i feel so well rested
meditation is my #1 goal for 2012! thanks for the inspiration
When I see cotton I want to see white space - plain and simple. Should be a no brainer ;)
Man you smoking some ill crack saying that. LOL...
Thanks for your concern :) It actually snowed on us!
Sure; I'll get you something. Fun meeting you at the Nonhuman conclave.
They still give away Saf-T-Pops at the bank?
Let's do it!
I am<3
Cheating on a good girl is like dropping your weed and picking up grass.
Your best years are right ahead - Text You message today "I have an awesome future - starting today"
I CAN'T OMFG AUSTIN UGH I LOVE YOU. NO THIS IS PERFECT OMG OMG OMG
Banana Republic has the best store music. I don't want to rip my hair out with 10min. of being here. Also, nice furniture.
so glad my parents have bad will power
I just cleaned my whole room and lost my phone somewhere ..
Creeping up on the borders of Midtown crossing 75
no bro
I'm goofy ass hell
Online board book system at Georgetown includes IT metrics reports; comes with commitment to develop exec dashboard.
Twitter's been my feedreader 4 too long. I'm back w/ GoogleReader b/c I worry I read the same articles as everyone else.
Question: JLo + Fiat, effective or disaster??
what show or movie was this from??
i would too but my family would flip out lmao
"the computer said, ima charge! She'll throw me!" Lmao. Technology and all it's ridiculousness. :D
Thank-You Jim Sharpe and John McJunkin for the invite to sit in with you on the Sharpe in the Morning radio show today on KFYI.
Bucks vs. OKC tonight. And it's Andrew Bogut bobblehead night.
well goodnight/good morning hun :) lol
do something productive today
Fuck the patriots !! :D
i kno u bout to cancel that bogus trip an come flex wit us on the 19th bruhhhhh
Trying to become a bigger presence social media wise. Will try to tweet at least once a day with updates on anything film and gear.
It's good to know there are some respectful people still around these days..
You have my marker for one. I'm totally good for it.
Lovely weather here at Asbury Park.
I know! my whole family but me for instance ;)
Today my favorite word is jojoba.
Omg watching the new interviews with the boyz is making mw tear up.. :( I'm so proud of them !<3
I noticed that you're only a bitch on days that end with a Y.
Some impediments aren't "just part of life". Do something about them and you can make Scrum really great. Ron Jeffries
My friend just tools me my ass got bigger .... That just made my day
I never regret an ex.. because at one point they were everything i wanted
it's a beautiful day in LA! time for a feature film audition! :)
needs a graphic designer in MD asap; needs to be extremely affordable...I have multiple things that need to be designed! logos mostly, help!
People I'm on.
Thank you, Nick! Job well done.
OH: you look like Daria but in a good way
Thank you for joining us at our sampling party....and great to meet you too!
let me getta short pleas.
A Bollywood music video cover of "Zoot Suit Riot" would probably be pretty entertaining.
thank you !! i love ur icon 2 :D
Do not open DM from me. Twitter account is hacked! If u did open it, change your password.
You're unbelievable
Jacket was a big part of that story, providing the basis for the acceleration in MATLAB. How about a quick update to your story?
"Food is the new fashion, and the new is the food lover's style guide." Today has been a great day for #FeastPdx. Thank you all!
STILL! I'm happy enough to die now :)
#ISupportSameSexMarriage because everyone should be able to legally commit to someone, regardless of how much shit is on their dick. <3
did she pee on your face?
Their show at Revolution that and I caught was amazing. Most dope vibes. Felt like they were just jamming and having beers.
But srsly I hate when people act smarter than they actually are
My favorite comment so far about my video for "Cry": i luv maddie but we all know abby paid thousands of dollars 4 her 2 b in this. Hah!
Last Monday of high school....
Cool, the USA is leading in
If you believe ppl are the key to success then might I suggest shorting #bestbuy stock... Absolute worst retail experience of the year!
Just realized that I'm far wittier and interesting in person than in text message!
It's a wrap! Assisted on a shoot with the World Poker Tournament Tour girls today...
it's alright!
Tiki starts NOW! New cocktails each week! Come join us for what remains of good weather!
My late night walk was not in vain cause I resisted 3 all-hour joints. But if I run across a food truck I'm toast.
#jokes RT Jokes.
Awesome!! Where at? :-)
Ah his name escaped me x)
just finished the last hp & not sure what to start next. thinking of trying a classic. i never read those. anna karenina, maybe?
Wow that was late then xD
Playing tonight at Harlem Avenue Lounge in Berwyn with Pistol Pete and Sean Carolan!
The MusicCares tribute to Neil Young features an amazing set of songs performed admirably by fellow artists.
Refs are determined to ruin the playoffs. Lebron has 13 freethrows on first half.
please don't lose me in the fog
Wondering why people collect lighthouses that were made in China?
I love , but please, quit saying swag. That shit is so played the fuck out.
Oh well.
Stressed and nervous. It's not a good feeling, wanting sleep to make me forget the world.
I'll check him out (:
www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic bringing u good music
Not a good welcome home present :(
does that mean you are coming back?
I miss you to! Cant wait to see you!
I'm ready wbu
Stay tuned for our Freaky Friday Free for all sale tomorrow. See more on our FB page at www.facebook.com/LVHCG Lose 20lbs in 20 days!
i hope somebody can take my shift on friday, i got a doctors appointment.
I wonder if Jordan Williams wishes he was preparing to play a basketball game in Puerto Rico right now.
2012 Movies Preview: ‘Twilight,’ ‘Hunger Games,’ Ryan Gosling and More (PHOTOS) Now that 2011 is officially over, it ’s time to
Proud, as always, to be an Eagle and looking forward to work at the Heights on Monday!
With that being said. Join me and tonight at LDO's newest spot "Suite 21". Dress to impress.
Duke Syracuse in the first round
ah man ur my favorite neighbor. Thanks
thunder storms and I don't get along very well...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><U+26A1>
Todays been a loong day . Tomorrow going to be long to ! But ill do anything to get done .
you mean Matty punching Tim in the face? I don't approve!
I miss ya sickning butt. White girl!
nice to meet you too:)
In Post Production for Footsteps!
what would your masters be in? And good job! I want to go back eventually.
Going to Brown Rice rehearsal. We just came up with this drum break and we have to perfect it. WIN2010
which song by them!? :)
Mavs gettin swept this year sorry pop
It's Saturday. I just want to sleep in. But no.
Cigarettes, too. I don't see a whole lot of people referring to cigs and coffee as 'drugs', though.
Heh. I guess I'll hope so, too.
Sitting next to the Mohn broadcast center with the nervousness you feel if you are in close proximity to a celebrity, eep!
The strength of the Constitution lies entirely in the determination of each citizen to defend it.
Hold me close til the end of the road.
I finished my short story :)
snuggle time! haha
word! I'll probably do two or three
Got a sweet parking spot for today's debate. Think it is an excellent omen for ! Will be live tweeting.
Well, what do we expect from the "Rich Rod" era?
Hail? Where are you!
perfect I wouldn't change a thing
Hahahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> you don't need to do that! But, you should deff come to it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
It's ok with me though because I'm gonna still say what I wanna say!
if u RECHOIR immediate assistance
Thoughts everyone? RT : Which is more important: raw talent or work ethic?
One of our teams, , is headed to the Championship! Good luck to our 2nd team !
need a new tweetcon but also need a cool picture
But at least I could go to some games. Houston is far ;-)
looked at the names ahead of us..we're in more elite company than i thought..now i'm feeling honored more than anything..F/S
I made 's lamb meatballs for the game... Delish, but not as good as when she makes them.
can I bring a lacrosse stick on board?
Nothing much ! RT : what it do
woooooooooooooah! How's the talk, BTW?
I wish
me too, Fbook peeps are not as supportive imho
wtf is Justin Bieber <U+2665> Beatles #1?
#Wheniwaslittle I was so into trying to whistle.
OMG! today is my cuzin Ryan's bday!!! Ah gotta call him!!!:$
Wish you were here... seriously!
I wish just one of my real life friends liked the same music as me... You know how many show's we'd go to?
Checking in tonight at Spy Bar!!! Chicago's #1 Sunday night party with Chicago's very own DJ Mauricio.
Did anyone else think that last episode of #californication was more series finale than season finale?
I can't live without your Flexible Hold hairspray. #ImSerious! It smells GREAT, feels even better. #makesmefeelpretty! Thank you.
Tryna decide if im gne stay here till 4:}00 or am I gne leave now....IDK if i want to wait that long
Or Adalius Thomas? (half kidding) RT : #Packers now have room to sign one tryout player or undrafted free agent.
Keep purple in my cup cup cup cup cup cup cup .
Exo is in the US, right? Sweet.
We love it when it's freezing cold and snowy one week, and sunny and 65 the next!
Lightning Field is VERY high on my bucket list!
Love hangin with these guys n group. So much fun. I'm learnin a lot about life, relationships....and farts. Yep, it's guys night
Game Runners, Gaming the System, Playlist
“: good morning” Good Morning to you too
All I want for Christmas is Jordy Nelson!!!
thanks sending some love back to you
Is it just me-or once a #Pisces writes you off-its a DONE deal? I can be in the same room with u and not speak a word.
I'm #winning because I got to wakey up next to you. Missuuu
Travels with Charles: this summer enjoy over 20 titles by or about Charles Dickens. www.audiobookcontractors.com
Imma burn mine in the yard.
Why I love my job: I am currently gathering scholarly resources on March Madness for our library blog
it's in progress but I got sum moe shit fa ya bro
RT : The only people with whom you should try to get even are those who have helped you. ~John E. Southard
Ditto. RT : Holy sinus migraine, Batman...
he follows me on my other account not this one(:
JUST KIDDING ABOUT THE VIDEO SHOOT lol...ill do it next time =) and i have earth science today so i gotsta go to class lol
People in my office are always talking about it. I'm thinking about starting it as well. Keep up the good work!
"A journey of 1000 miles begins with a single step." Lao Tse, 604--531 BC.
Oh it's going, I am still sans job, but am going to the demolition derby tonight, so who cares. I miss you too!
The ESPN coverage of Wade shouting is NUTS. Expecting Matt Millen to weep "If we can't protect our Spoelstras, we as a society are pathetic"
I love cooking with wine. Sometimes, I even put some in the food.
LOVE the jewelry findings. Where'd you get em?
i can make you tap out in two minutes easy
in Kansas City for the 100 Paintings ago Art show
happy birthday !
i think of the two grumpy old men in balcony of Muppet Show when you complain. Spoiler: you are not that way IRL!
Shout out Nick Young man
nicole on #xfactor must go. what a bad decision maker.
woo hoo! I saw her speak about two years ago and still look back at my conf handouts!
I'm near occupy Portland. Some police wearing medical masks to keep out germs.
Happy President's Day! We hope you find time to relax today!
Cowboys or Giants, who will win?
Holy crap do I love Dion Waiters.
thanks. Gosh I hope it isn't true...
I moved on my own... great opportunity found me
i would bring some watermelon if you allow me to come over and swim. (;
I'm eh
#solution Geothermal Energy - Green Heating and Cooling Solution
omg is that like a "for president" suggestion? Or like everyone catch and murder suggestion like "KONY 2012" ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
You rock, Amy! Stand strong!
We think that is pretty freakin' special. You'll agree after you hear him #singit 2night at !
lol! Oh I didn't know that... Id pitch a tent at the lake front or something
"Just win baby" lives on! Great win in honor of a great man.
Thank you for the warm greeting. I expected no less.
It's very easy to define, art that is made now.
10,000 steps a day is recommended. Can't reach that yet, start with 1,000 steps and add more as you build endurance.
Sorry about the angsty rant. But I'm in career-mode, and it seems I'm only given a limited amount of time to do these things.
Starting to see Michio Kaku every time I turn on the TV!
OH: the goal of IT is to make technology related friction disappear.
Yes, in Detroit today, but back to Rochester tomorrow. I'll have to check out the gallerie next time I'm home!
// Dozens not hundreds, bandwidth would be equal to airports. If sponsored costs could be reasonable.
Just had a discussion on public perception of basic social sci--how to get across our equivalent of "electrons -> cell phones."
Started a new SUMOSURFER painting last night, started a new screen play this morning and sold a landscape this afternoon.
Thank you! You're a big part of this project!
why am i awake
you stuck up too? : dont flatter me.
no fucking clue
Congratulations Carolina Panthers Fans !!! : The Panthers ranked first in the NFL for the 2011 Toys for Tots toy drive!
I was seriously about to ask you lolol. Umm well I might go I'm not sure. Thoughts??
Don't know why, but it bugs me when digital media students send me docx files. I'd rather have html or even pdfs.
Don't you feel better? I told you my church hugs have healing powers
lol sorry for interrupting your speech thingy
: i agree well nice chat and good luck! Im going to sleep
hailey tell 'em baby, my dad's lost.
thanks a bunch!
I hate cigarettes. In every way possible.
you guys all looked fab! What's your fav wine? I looked on the website too.
I didn't have wings. The chicken egg rolls are of the HOOK!!! RT : “ At Duffys” is it too late for some wings?
I concur RT : ok... i'm long past over any April Fool's jokes by now, but that's funny.
We have school tomorrow? One more week please...
try out of the blue on Wyoming and paseo
“Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.” ~ Helen Keller
RT : The #1940census records were released online yesterday! What was the US like 72 years ago? Sounds like something...
Watching NYPD blue, much better action than the game tonight.
love it!
#312techie im back on this on. I have used this twitter account in the longest time in the world.
Omg done with high school in 9 minutes!!!!
#SocialMediaTip be intelligent always
you are so welcome! We are so happy you like them.
Greetings on the Feast of the Meeting of the Lord! Saint Silouan Orthodox Church: The Meeting of the Lord - Mozilla Firefox...
I won't hold my breath waiting for Boehner to laud you as a job creator. ;-)
How did 5 minutes go to 40?!
#GoTribe 1 week til Opening Day! Hope to see ya there! #GoTribe!
My wife makes the best from scratch hot cocoa.
Dude I love Maroon 5! You look hawt on The Voice!
"Enlightened enough" as a target... Kung Fu Panda Taoism and the odd text from your HGA
The money and pressure ate him alive. I'm saying had it not, that's 5 yrs of 30+ HRs and a diff story.
jammin all day, every day...
late start but studying thru Luke and 1st John
Do you have plans for tonight? , Armitage, , and all have reverse happy hour tonight!
#BasketballWives- Showing up to ANY business meeting unprepared is #fail. when showing up to any meeting, be PREPARED
Avoid rice, potatoes and breads?! What kind life is that? *cries*
Was paying obscene fees for merchant services-switched to Flagship & saved lots. Can give you contact if you DM
I'm starting to like Joseph Gordon-Levitt a little too much.
Poor Poor #RyanLeaf ...
GUYS. TALK TO ME!
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.~Yogi Berra
Everybody in the world keeps waiting for 2007 Game 5 ECF v. Pistons LeBron James. It's 5 yrs later & lightning hasn't struck twice.
Today will be productive. Today will be productive. Today will be productive. Today will be productive.
Tight now and if he gets broken it is DOOMS DAY!
gonna be watch secret life on netflix now <33.. now thats not complaining is it?
lemme know if you want to go after school, I rescheduled the van for tomorrow cuz all my help is beat
I want a Havanese puppy <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
yes - super good!
Only a cat food maker would call gravy "the best part of any meal."
back at ya!!
Serving on the corner of 6th and walnut
how are the rays so far? Luke Scott if u didn't know is one of the streakiest hitters you'll see..I'm a fan up in bmore
Hey Guys. Something new, little Bitches ?
If your a doctor the bio boys are coming for you
Okay, I've retweeted everything of interest to me...Good Morning Twitter heads
balls...can't recall any other particular.
"In The Dark" next at 6:41!
I'd just like to clarify something: dubstep isn't music, it's noise. WUBWUBWUB!
Glad you liked it, too! It's so beautiful and well done, & put me in this indulgently melancholy/romantic mood for a good 48 hours.
So If Bama gets our O-Coordinator, we get their D-Coordinator? Isn't that how it works?
Now baby tell me what's the deal Put the games aside I'm just tryna keep it real Ready to put in work on a relationship <3
Info sources are uniformly less trusted (-10%) than in 2005
Reading about homesteading. Wow my life is so not like that but would love it to be! Learned how to start seedlings better!
Aw, so SWEET you are, sweet AND grim...How CAN one be BOTH? :))x
love you photos!
DO THE HELLEN KELLER AND TALK WITH YO HIPS
she know she could have waited
what u doing??
AUSSIES: VMA's are on MTV on the 29th of August 4pm. (:
(Socrates=Process)+(Technology=multi-media)+(Newton=grounded)+(Eistein = imagination) = Combine all of the above (we work hard 2b hdtvedu)
Thanks for following Kilowatt Electric, Heating & Air. when your home needs help, call us we care! 818-780-0701
how sweet of you! Thank you so much :) let's get this day started! Hope yours is great too!
why do you hate the Rangers so much?
Shout out to my new followers @ team follow back!
*saturday* - bake sale is Saturday...I think I need to go back to bed already...
Right ? It's beyond the obvious we've known for a while... Something else brewing, entire industries / identities wiped away.
that's a sad situation! That let u no that the law is all screwed up
chugging the coffee today.
Thanks for this weather. Our Weather Guru! Hope your allergies are done messin wit ya :)
School is so depressing!!
Nobody puts Baby in the corner.
I need 2 help get intro FB page app that automatically collects emails from "likes". Can you advise? thx!
Great way to end the night. Good night, everyone. <3
People should know that having an smart phone doesn't make them smarter!
happy birthday!
Congrats we're excited to see you at
That was a pretty piece of riding.
Anyone have any tax questions and/or need an estimate?
Sometimes you gotta say IDGAF, about what ppl think, how they feel or what they're saying! Fu*k em'!
A train...you're the bane of my existence.
Even though I was hoping the 49ers would win, seeing the excitment on their faces of the Giants was just priceless. Good Luck Pats & Giants
So excited to celebrate 's graduation this weekend!
Digesting everything that I heard/experienced at #sxsw Blog posts will be up soon.
no like seriously! I got there right before the bell rang :)
Why drink and drive when you can smoke and fly?
It's trivia tonight at who's coming out to play!!
RT Tuesdays at Howl at the Moon. $1 beer, $1 dogs, $1 burgers. Show starts at 7:45!
Sure thing! Great piece!
your the only reason I look cute at school <3 thank you mea
Everyone knows who i dont like & ive made it clear to them both so im cooozie!.
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: McGraw-Hill, Nokia, Apple, Google and Microsoft
Today I bought a six-foot-tall giraffe. Life is good.
RT : Looks like Demi Lovato is going to be the 4th judge on - this should be interesting. Story developing...
Today, everything is suspect. Everything with a ™ is highly suspect.
And I'm watching jersey shore to feel better about myself.
Happy convocation day to all our incredible faculty, administrators and staff! Here's to a great new academic year!
Goodnight Twitter:)
My old dog has some new tricks
seems like that video isn't liked by many people. But then again some people thinkbits funny. Hahahaha I found it funny though.
Help me get 10 more followers? RETWEET!
What will Mansfield do at KSU?
O.o tis seems as though thee is reading mine's cranial capacity..#uhmwut? hahahaha why did i go all 1800's?
Thanks bro...I waish more men would drop the pride factor and get they're prostate checked..it saved my life
But I'm not done having fun w/ Super Meat Boy yet. I can play that thing forever.
Glad she let her go!! She ain't worried about nobody but a guy all the time anyways. Glad I didn't tell her what I knew about him...lol!!
I definitly keep my business to myself, sorry friends weren't real friends
if you knit every time Luke whines, you'll be done in no time.
i care. and am impressed.
While phones are getting thinner and smarter, People are getting dumber and fatter.
Tatt's & piercings= SEXINESS... Yumm <3 Major turn on! ... Guy or girl, don't matter lol
I got the hint after 15 tweets. Nothing is in vain.
if u went to the Young Cracka music video shoot for BITCH IM IN THE BUILDING...MAKE SURE TO BRING UR STELLAR RAGS WITH YOU!!!!
Had an absolute blast at #trivia, even though it reminded me how much I don't know
Thanks buddy, appreciate it. I'll let you know when we head down to ATL for some screenings. We should hang, it's been too long!
You Better Belieb It!
what's up hun?
Yeah, buddy! Great Friday night :-)RT: With at DC9, living like it's 2006!
Attn Historical Fiction lovers! RT for a chance to win a signed hardcover copy of GROSVENOR SQUARE!
RIP Whitney Houston.
Whats up and ? What's the scene like in the Shark Tank?
yea... But not for too much longer
To all the people that think i ignored them.. i just got a new phone so now you can txt me
hey you, yeah you I think your pretty :)
I need an agent too!
RT : Happiness depends upon ourselves. -Aristotle
I kno rite I miss u, how everthing goin?
i went from 177 2 189 u guys are so amazing i love u all EVERYBODY
you get to watch goonies at work? my dream job lol
Sell, Sell,Sell
Get over your ignorant cocky self.
Thai lunch with Meris.
i drank waay to much orange soda last night
Really want to follow for their info & updates, but mixing that w/repetitive marketing msgs is wearing me down.
I was thinking abt going 2 Balto Fashion Week, but am afraid I'll b disappointed. Walmart as your main sponsor, won't b same league as
4 hours of sleep. 6 guys in my tiny house. No kitchen=no coffee. Drywall hanging day is STRESSFUL.
My stomach and head hurt so bad :(
Seeing ppl yesterday leaving prom and pictures on fb today is making me feel old <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
hahaha did you watch those videos I sent you? He a fool
I met you at albivis today thankyouu for singing happy birthday to mee!!!
... my guess is that Ann B had no knowledge, that it came fm Donovan site. Weird. Seems truth tellers get rocks thrown
cringe worthy?
It was so nice when I saw the follow!I love your work-have read every book! Suggest to clients all the time! Happy to connect
TYSM! Kari, I am sending a picture over now to you Facebook page. Call me if you have questions. So excited!
would love to see harrington's fitness. has he played a lot of reserve minutes
20 years ago in library school, my cataloging prof said I would flunk out. but I passed. after we'd negotiated a price.
Elk Bratwurst today! Brownies, Brownies, Brownies w Walnuts of course
Not many people get to capture an image of their own idea lightbulb. Treasure this moment, always.
Hey folks, let #ryanKennedy know your state. Hopefully he can hear from all. |Get Well Soon- from Washington (the state)
Can't believe I was on Better Sex Radio show www.WSRadio.com/BetterSexRadio. I forgot to mention purchasing clothing from BlissConnection.
Did you know...the portable beer cooler was invented in Australia in the 1950s?
I know exactly how you feel (obviously) but I just feel so weird. I havent cared so much about any class since my mine! lol
aw, thanks!
C's win series in 7 with close game tonight and oh, Rondo has triple double tonight.
Thanks to Copeland's for sponsoring Open Arms Lunch today at Scottish Rite and Egleston. It was delicious!!
the question is would sarah accept???
Feel the pump!! Wow that sounded sexual.
People with limp, dead fish handshakes get no love over here.
I've been great, how's life treating ya
": passed stadium bill last night just $100M short" salary cap is $120M, just put a $20M product on field and they're golden.
Premiere roots site dubbed me "The Mississippi Hippie." Glad there's no kneeling-sword ceremony. Those folks don't like hippies.
I saw the flour mill and loved that feature. So unique. I don't usually get excited over an antique.
QoTD: "I hated every minute of training, but I said 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.' " (Muhamma ...
Thx 4 suggestions. We offer the least expensive WiFi in our guestrooms in the city & coffeepots r per request- #Starbucks in lobby!
RT : #TeamTalk ~ Never Discuss ....The Unnecessary With Me.
LoL me too
Josh Hamilton just hit his 3rd homerun of the night!
Turns out that trip to Palomino last night was a terrible idea... going to need a few extra cups this morning at BV
I'm so blessed that i have great friends and family
The gym is overpopulated with creepers! #omfg #saveme lol
Im DONE Wit Relationships FUCK Emmm !!!
Big, strong men are helping move furniture for me at the office today! I owe you & ! xx
#SomeoneIWantToMeet , heck yeah! I'd love to take him roller skating one Friday night. :)
sitting at an open house today. I am ready to leave and start with a nice drink for the evening.
I never fail. I succeed at finding what doesn't work. -Christopher Titus
pick me pick me! lol
RT : I like my music loud. Period.
Looking forward to April and the upcoming #NFL draft, and wondering who the #Seahawks have their eyes on.
Fuck you doe
Have fun!
RT Rex Ryan addresses media: Tebow in "outstanding" shape. Ditto, Sanchez. Josh Brown will be "excellent" comp for Folk.
Found out last night that I'm missing most of if not all country concerts this summer :(
Thank you so much for the mention! I appreciate it!
When he cums to me I am ready, I'll wash his pubic hair if he needs, forgive him when his tongue lies through my pussy.
My husband is irritating me.
Playing uno... i
Nothing is more important than reconnecting with your bliss. Nothing is as rich. Nothing is more real.
Exactly! I have eaten all the evidence...LOL!
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. -Mother Teresa
It's safe to say that Google+ is over right? I can delete that app from my phone. #spring cleaning
What happened to he hasn't tweeted in a while:(
Hey, are you going to see Reggie Watts tonight?
Haha. They're both awful.
#myweakness brown hair, blue eyes!
Repubs. talk morality #uppers But see nannies as a crutch. Yet, They all have them.
Whitney. It so good!!
Catching up on #ABDC and am definitely becoming a fan of Most Wanted.. This crew is ridiculous!
Tired of peoples BULLSHIT!!!
will look forward to it!
Just like a Pats safety, perfect. MT : Don Draper would make a dreadful free safety. Terrible instincts/poor closing speed..
I love <3 but he will never see this...or follow me....
#blues stunned.
If Her Kicks Light Up..SHES TO YOUNG FOT YOU BRO..! c(:
Check out pic from the fashion show on our Facebook page!
So what are peoples predictions on the Germany vs. Japan Women's World Cup match?
RT : Berkshire Hathaway 2012 annual meeting key themes: Mortality, morality and money.
Happy Birthday! I'm glad you liked our card!
Dance for four hours, then shopping with brii then rent show !!!
yeah I got something in the works. I'll let you know as it develops.
Atmosphere with the crew tonight!!!
I'm sure my cart full of kool-aid jammers and dog food spelled out thief.
you have a lot on your plate and it sounds much more important than anything on tv! good luck!!
Attending pre-conference webinar, Integrating E-Books and E-Readers into Your Library, offered by with Sue Polanka.
#np New Day by Jay Z & Kanye
no lie, i shipped a killing joke record to a guy that lives on pagan circle today.
has Petey Alvarez come back to earth?
My published comments on Twin Cities air quality recently sparked this email from a fan: "Your a FRAUD & Government LEACH!"
"It's not ment to be like this it's not what I planned at all I don't want to feel like this So that makes it all...your fault"
#WTFWasYouThinking MTV I thought it was music television what are doing give reality tv at 5 in the morning.....
If I was Jets I would not do a press conference to introduce the backup QB. It shows me that they are interested in the circus.
"like sheep to the slaughter" - Was this just as cliche back in the day?
A dirty swamp cooler system can pose a health hazard. Legionella bacteria can grow under layers of slime and scale.
where's ur next appearance, boys?!
Living on a golf course can be annoying. Thankfully I have a dog that loves to bark and annoy right back.
Good morning #cbus! Sorry I missed you yesterday.
Follow for the lastest new restaurants/happyhours in #DC !
OH LOL I AINT NOBODY JST A N THE WAY HOOD PHILLY NICCA I AINT NOBODY
CIS Downtown welcomes Okazaki family and friends for their wedding this coming weekend.
and my headphones just broke :-/ (is that a sign?) I suppose it was time, they were 10 years old.
#FF Great photographer!
Quit or Limit smoking. Not just good for your health but for your pocket, too.
Thanks for the twitter love! Hope to see you at the event.
and are presenting Beyond the Storm a film focusing on the post Katrina women of New Orleans!
so glad to be home . . . couldnt find a sweeter place. =)
I want to shop so bad! I hate being poor! Watchin #FashionStar is like being on a diet and watching man vs food~
Curious George looks really pissed off in this new Planet Of The Apes remake
so true...
submit your short stories for "Been There Done That" www.mahoganyproductions.com
Hahaha, that seems very clever to me. Hmm.
That wasn't lost on me. It's also a WCQ. It counts. Fans need to represent. RT : ...it's Antigua....
Agreed!! “: The unconferences at #gcuc are awesome. Great exchanges w\experienced #coworking owners & managers. Learn and Share”
wow Ellis plays soccer...(Cool) - no Nodding off...watch & enjoy the practice..LOL!
thanks Q! JphiJ for life!
I've tried to call you like 15 times!!!
mad shout out to i like girls that are hot and speak their mind
I don't know what else Ira Glass can do to make me love him more, then he does it. What a Qt pie.
wow - you know it is recital time when my lunchtime errands include buying hairspray, gel, hair nets and flesh colored duct tape.
stop tweeting abiut this stuff , you dont have to lie. Lmfaoo we know you get no girls
the timing has been tough for me lately. 10 AM is proving to be a busy time. hm....
Ive finally told Shaq who his daddy is ! ITS QUAY! lol
Can't tell which is the swear word here RT : Dammit Plouffe.
why are you the worst friend ever?
as long as no one touches my Kyu bb I'm good
#missyoumore kinda spur of the moment...Went down till late Sat night & came back yest. Don't u have finals??
If you have to ask me if we're friends, chances are we're not.
haven't tried the gumbo yet but will definitely sample it next round. Thanks. Adam
A spider just tried to get all up in my buisness with Spider, you fucked with the wrong creep!
Experience will be key. We got that ;-) #GoSpursGo #TimDuncan Timmmeeyyyy! Nite everyone! :-)
Today was amazing! Got drenched! and had an awesome time! I wish everyday could be like today!
My cats woke me up so early! -.-
u have my prayers and condolences ....
My 2nd movie "The Dictator" comes out tomorrow. I had so much fun working on it. I hope y'all like it. It's gonna be hilarious!!!
You've got a lot of choices. If getting out of bed in the morning is a chore and you're not smiling on a regular basis, try another choice.
can ppl stop talking to me at work this morning
If this website re-design project kills me, I will leave sharky shark to in my will.
and early dismissal tomorrow:)!!!
Holler! Thanks for the follow , definitely one of my favorite new joints in town!
Hydraulics or air ride. That is the big question
For like 6years thnks for listening
So glad that the refs didn't reward Wade on that bullshit flop.
I'm reminded of the Rio Vista Bass Festible.
Thanks for saying that perfectly RT :Talking to one person who hates Girls is enough to make you love the show unconditionally
Love watching the Bachelor. Yeah, I'm a guy and I don't care.Something about the competitiveness of it all.
it's only during the week. But we can still go during the weekend
That's awesome.Do you still talk with the rest of the wives?
*gets her sword* let them comment like that again.
Someone buy a shaver damn make sure you check out the dancing robots in south hall
Deer gawd am I lonely. I need cats. And/or food. Ok both.
We're kind of biased. :) Thanks for the mention. Would love to hear the feedback.
Thanks my g, Sup wit them shows in ya town?...im tryna get out there lets work...Ill plug u out here in salem its nothin
. is new here, but was vital for my move to policy work. #FF if you have a grad degree & any non-academic career interests.
Offerin someone food and secretly hoping dey don't wat it...
i want some Mexican food. dklgjhlfk.
Lets go
Lmao!! Well I'm sorry you feel that way.
Mistake to schedule a meeting at on the first night of Seattle Beer Week? TBD...
can we cancel Friday afternoon finals? This is torture....
Commencement rule #1: keep smiling during the procession because I'm making cameos in MANY graduates' photos
RT : Pls stop buying paparazzi pics of my child... Pls allow him the normal childhood he deserves. <
im just chillin
yes, we did!
Happy Saturday all...make it count...or make a funny story of it at least.
idk I'd get jumped
Ohh 4.05 for gas in Northern IL today.
I want a Christmas sweater, and wear that shit everyday this summer.
how Come Mclane has a better seat :-)
Jobs, jobs, jobs, we have jobs!!! www.trgcs.com/joins.html
We also offer AFFORDABLE OVERSIZE FILM OUTPUT!!
watch these devils they dirty.. show no mercy ya family be cutthroat too...
RT : Leaders from across Tampa Bay #SPCollege for Advisory Board Meeting to review Regional Business Plan.
How cute my boi's birthday is tomorrow, actually 2&half hours. Love ya!
Munchkin Minders is looking for some love - please like us on Facebook! XO, The Minders
RT Day 1 of diet and exercise begins (yet again) today!
good luck today 3
Hey , thanks for the RTs! 'Preciate it.
so glad, my Pandora app knows me so well.
I have sent you an e-mail with some demands.
Hi kelsey.. I love you ..m MMUUAAHH
people arguing with you reminds me of how you nailed Casey Anthony's verdict 5 months before it was read. Ant knows his shit.
I'm outa here bitches
At sanctuate! there's no need to undress or get greasy from massage oils; no need to ruin hair and makeup - just recharge and go!
bah, still haven't booked a place to stay in Windsor next Thursday. got a default/fallback of "Detroit", thankfully
Sweet new credits this week. Plus Desmond!
Agreed! “: Does solitude or collaboration fuel your creativity more?”<----creative people need both.
Your work can have a one hour delay?? Richmond is a funny place...
we are hosting Peter Hatch's book signing #Monticello on Monday. Should be fun, over 200 ppl coming
#RonPaul warned you about wars, warned you about spending, warned you about the Fed. Now he's warning you about the party,GOP. Listen.
Dunno yet. We'll keep you posted.
I thought only men thought of her lady parts as extremely edible.
Cant wait to be inside the American Airlines Arena Tonight. Its going to be Electric . Game 2,
"The life of a man consists not in seeing visions & in dreaming dreams, but in active charity & in willing service." cc. TY :)
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.-- Alice Walker
"bring [ing]about a greater good by doing terrible things" The author of that piece is pretty damn sick.
For those that think Chemtrails are no big deal... why are there so many this week in Chicago? When the weather is nice?
Exams tomorrow I just wanna be done with you.
You want to time? I'm terrible at keeping time. XD And... Uh, maybe a 15 to warm up?
thats hot. You should share some pics ;)
delete/redownload or maybe there's an update?
Plain salt n peppa " push it and dis white folks feelin this shit
Everything is always in the present. We project our present into the future and the past.
try #Flaghouse.com Chewy Tubes - Individual Set #W39470. They have Chew devices. Good Luck
Good luck! We're starting the redesign, but aren't at wireframes yet.
I think you're cool, goof and all :)RT : You don't think so? Really? My mission in life is failed. :(
just don't kick this one until I see it first. I prefer my puppies alive
ya no kidding. it is a mystery to us all! i was sleeping so i wouldn't have cared haha
A chemist says popped corn contains a beneficial chemical, so now popcorn is a superfood? (popped corn != popcorn)
probably a "slip" of the tongue but you just can't say that..maybe the teleprompter was broken
My first tennis lessons.
Thursday burnt ends & bring your friends - buy a pound of pork ribs get a 1/2 pound free
trust me i know im your whole life. you dont even know it yet. thats how awesome we are.
Nice Wave Wednesday! "The quieter you become, the more you can hear." (Ram Dass)
Forward-looking. Probably much more interesting to him than my own backward-looking question, actually. :-)
on #HALLOWEEN im going to play your song #CALLINGALLTHEMONSTERS im going to be you on halloween!RT PLZ
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
note to self: make a romantic movie where half the cast is transsexual. Let the audience play "who's the man/woman"
if you can't do it in jeans and a t-shirt you should probably have the lights turned off.
Where does one learn to operate a Zamboni??
Cool idea for an exhibit!
This Tuckahoe and red hot utz >>>>>>>>
LBs Marcus Dowtin and Eddie Jones were working off to side during early part of team drills.
hello bradley X]
counting down the days till Spring Break... 33 days till Cancun, Mexico!
Conflict of Interest! Need 2 tawk 2 someone who knowz me inside-out 2 help narrow thingz down. ***Settling 4 Best of The Best***
I Fn hate it when I don't get a straw for my sweet tea at McDonalds. makes me so mad
um LOVED it!!!! Kinda jealous I didn't get to be a part ;) ur amazing!
Whoa! London? Nice work, dude.
RT Very impressed with how well Ron's outside game has improved.
Thx! So far, so good.
My little sis just said 'remember when I had swine flu & in order to talk to you, you made me put my nose like a pig & sing the piggy song'
That money you see me with thats mine, clean whip that's mine, fresh kicks them mine, yo chick i'll borrow her you can have her wen im done
Yes that is!!
The Native Americans believed that God has a plan for north, south, east and west, and the very center --not only of the earth --but of us.
Also we'll be putting out a casting call very soon. Still locking down the details on the location.
I am in love with true culinary danger. Starbucks Salted Caramel Hot Chocolate. How many cholestrol inducing calories can there be a cup?
Wow! Inner city students win #polo title
Almost in memphis YAY
and then give RVP a rest
Oh no! So very sad!!
«: this chair is the perfect chair for people that hate sitting» I think he's in the conference room.
Twitter Tuesday! Free 4pk of 1oz. portion cup No Nuts Golden Peabutter with your purchase today! Write Peabutter in the comments section!
Thanks for the tweet and blog post! We look forward to seeing you on Saturday.
Definitely. I should shoot you both together.
follow me back?
Secret ingredient in the Balsan playlist:
My impulse is to say the "Mutable" part is a modifier and should go first, though what is the class hierarchy? Any non-Mutable?
“: lets find another gig guys, like seriously....Lemme know. This sucks!
If I Die Tomorrow cremate me and spread my ashes in the Trevi Fountain in Italy! Then get gelato ice cream #Njoy! :)
RIP WHITNEY HOUSTON
yeah tried the editing part and it wouldn't work. I ended up printing and scanning. But couldn't scan as a PDF. Did a .PNG :/
RT If your Christmas sweater can't be seen by orbiting weather satellites, you're not trying hard enough.
Kim Jong Il is dead?? WTF.
hot and stuffy as usual...
EXPERIENCED Retail Professional...Looking for District Manager position or higher...www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
YOU LOOK LIKE A BABE! and i love your hair :) im jealous. -_-
#InCaseYouDidntKnow Your slow ass texting ...got me lookin for somebody else to talk too
We're looking forward to seeing everyone!
Yeah, I'm pretty sure I still have it. Let's try and meet up man
you're a wonderful pinball player.
uh uh dont come crying to me boo
I'm my way to a Beach Party. PEACE!!!
man i SWEAR !
I should do some writing but am going to watch tv with my wife instead.
how's you're food mine is great
I severly sprained my ankle once. gave me a little less than three weeks of hell before I sucked it up and just dealt with it.
S|O to on the luv #SnapBacksNAllDat ! Follow her ~>Instagram
don't worry this kinda love is unconditional ;) cc ,
"H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A"
Omg, 4 hours & 30 minutes in this class -_-
This Blows I am stuck at home on Halloween.....my favorite holiday. Yes, Halloween is a holiday
Would love a definition of "Early 2012" for release of Touch Apps for iOS…grumble, grumble!
Happy, happy birthday !
. Help us spread the word about a #VAGOP majority in the Senate. We can make it happen with your vote
Excited to be back worshipping with !!
We saw about 5 flakes fall up here in #VanWa. #uneventful RT : #snOMG -- YAY! Snow in Sw Portland.
my point exactly lol
JKidd, we all thank you tonight.
guess we're not gonna be there...
Just seeing a picture of you, hearing your name... and instantly feeling that hurt in my heart. Will it ever go away.
Nicks/Manning Drink Your Milkshake. Sluuuurrrrrppppp! And yes, there will be Blood...
not quite yet, but i like where your head's at RT : Finally a clutch hit for posey! Game tied :-)
I have never been so stressed out in my entire life and I simply cannot do this anymore.
Does any one know any digital humanities peeps who are based in Taiwan? I heard that there was a #THATCamp in Taipei a few years ago.
Whoever comes through #Miami holla @ me!!
O, #DVRAlert. is on Letterman tonight. Charming.
Its on!!
Omg I LOVE
I will always be at the ready with a hammer and some serious rap music when the office equipment is naughty!
Someone Please Tell That She's GORGEOUS Just The Way She Is! <3
Commissission breaks for lunch, will resume at 1pm.
Trying to hook up my account with my account. If only Etsy included the shop url in listings. WUWT?
dad liked beer too.
And talking about social media with Haihua Li! Fun!
Healing with whole foods, great read recommended by
lol no i barely had any followers :p
Re death "If still he be, and he be There, and there be a There, let him be happy, O Fate!"
I like that name. Idk, it's different.
hey. Do you wanna be my friend?
I have texted you!
Insect bite remedies not effective
None laying down, I'm sick .______. Wbu?
FRESH TIP FOR YOUR SOUL: Love as if you have never been hurt before! The journey is so much more fun that way! :) xo, Kerry
Why should I follow you on Twitter AND Facebook if you post the same to both? Different mediums, different content, no?
friendzone? Well we know who isn't getting a puppy, ice cream or dinner now (:
hey it's GO time! RT : Tori Spelling is pregnant with her FOURTH child just FIVE months after giving birth.
X Games has found a cool way to activate with Jeep and Navy through X shaped LED boards. Great value.
We are having a wine sale...
Never give up! (: I nearly died when he followed me. Haha
prior was on Badger St that is. Over by St Mary hospital
Just did another radio interview. Two today. Wow, this is getting serious...Seriously AWESOME!!!!!!
No, Twitter, I don't want to follow Subway freshbuzz. Really?
This is some real bullsh*t, so they pick & choose who 2 feel sorry 4, SMDH! But they continue 2 hate on #Kenya - WOW!
Go Kings!!!
Thanks! We were really looking for some solid Irish representation! Looking forward to meeting you & hearing about your biz!
. Haha, thought what you were going to say again was you didn't like suspenders. Like, I got it.
Thunder or the windows rattling
Where is my boyfriend when I need him
A lady asked to take my photo in the lobby. Of course Vine said Yes! :-))
g2g sorry bye *hugs and kisses*
Bookcase packed and disassembled!
Are you all finally coming to America!??
I really want to shoot all the annoying freshman in my Spanish class...
#goblue #gotigers "you need to give a Damn bout the whole state of Michigan"
I ain't a killer but don't push me
If I ever need a lawyer, can I call you?
I saw a piece if shit on the ground, it reminded me of you.
Julie Perretta, please accept our infinite gratitude! <3
Another boring playoff game so far unless you're a heat homer.
Getting my vision stats up
Shout out to amazing work!! Keep it up! I definitely will be buying a shirt from them soon! You should too.
Ask me any questions, anytime FREE send me a DM.
look in the mirror and repeat that to urself someday u might actually believe it LMAO
Yes, but it is also made out of Peeps. And, yes.
I use Zotero. Saves my bacon!
New clubs added to Scottsdale & PHX inventory today.R11,RAZRhawk and diablo octane drivers. RAZRX tour irons.
Food Trucks are at Poes Rentals Tonight. 9600 South Dixie Hwy Kendal/Pinecrest. CHECK IT OUT!!!!
nice meeting you!
nothing we just chilled
Which oil did you go with? Püchner recommends linseed, but Chip warns against it.
sorry no respect for Lakers after what WMP did to Harden, & whats with ripping jerseys off when they get spanked
Half an hour "going deeper" on the "notion of close up"
68% of Heat fans should not be making even the most rudimentary decisions for themselves.
She's almost here
A little work and you'd have yourself a haiku.
Hope that you don't get them at all! I heard it gets worse when you're older.
" #mythBUSTER: #YOLO !? Actually, you don't live once. How you live NOW will determine where you will live in eternity!!”
Tell Ur Mom I Said Happy MDay
is wix down????
HA! RT Please get your butt off your brothers head. - things I just said that I never thought id say.
where you watching the game tonight? Is there a game watch somewhere in WI? I'm waiting to hear back from the Alumni club
Im the shit and I need toilet paper :)
Sometimes when friends and family hurt u, u make da most irrational decision ever dat ends up with u more hurt then ever before
yeah did you guys know me and ed have an insider.
Me too! RT Excited to meet my fellow VIP bloggers tmrw- some old friends, many new.
Watching #toddlersandtiaras.... I'd never thought I'd get to say this.... It's actually really addicting!
oh...i have no idea then..umm
Again for the record, ur namecalling and not me. It amazes me how a person like you can write for a website...
Just shattered my phone screen for the second time....
We are always accepting book donations. You can call us at 275-4040 if you have books to donate, and we can tell you about dropoff sites.
Man i love fridays! Especially when tht certain friday just so happens to be a half day!
Happy Daylight Saving Time! Where did ny hour of sleep go?
#Huguely verdict has been reached! Announcement to come in just a minute
I can remember when the air was clean and sex was dirty.
Pretty sure if Michigan loses to Ohio that would fall under the category of Ultimate Karma.
Oh my god that was a stupid play...
Here till 5am so 4 hours to go. Could use some good conversation
Apparently it's unacceptable to wear a "What Would Oprah Do Shirt?" in Dunkin Donuts on a Church day.
Take some pictures w your camera phone and send those to backers as rewards. Maybe postcards and barfbags for higher levels.
Meeting with a local film archivist-type today.
...is tuning in to the webinar> Connecting with Struggling Readers: Resources, Tips, and Advice to Engage and Inspire
We're buying agriculture stocks today, MOS, POT, and CF Industries. Stock, Calls, and bullish call spreads. Great opportunity.
Im walking on sunshine! :)
Listening to the diners around me speak Chinese. Does it make me antisocial that I enjoy not understanding a word?
Spice up your #Mondays with $3 ceviche & $3 spicy margaritas.
you're welcome! Yes, it's from Thanks so much for your and 's hospitality and amazing tamales!
Introducing my Entrepreneur Consultant Company at the start of the year. The Corban Consultant Company
I STILL havent seen the new #Marblehornets video!!! asdfghjk1234rfc
Must be the best E-tank fillers ever today on the road! Bring energy & enthusiasm for each other!
In the depth of the hierarchy of the world, I am closer to peasant rice farmers than Gen. Keith Alexander, Eric Schmidt or Lloyd Blankfein.
Work was slow with no excitement today bo!
have u heard anything from admissions yet?
thats when you know if they love you
RT: - PRESERVATION - No COVER B4 10:30pm - #House #Techno All night! - W.A.R.M.T.H. #Detroit Represent #Seattle - SUPORT LOCAL
i love staying up late. talk to no one. just think about things and life, and future.
I hate commercials that use Christmas jingles.
Made my friends listen to one direction, carly rae, and then introduced them to a day to remember. They hate me.
My nuts hang like aint no curfew.... Bitch and if u wave then I will surf you
post your listings with us for more exposure
As we are starting up we are always interested in getting feedback about our site. We want to reward you for your input :)
Thanks for the retweet!
When "Publish Site" (10 minute process) is next to "Publish Item" (3 seconds), please provide an "Are you sure?" dialog for me.
Whats the hold up in traffic? Choke on Bethel St!!!
Looking forward to #strictlybusiness seminar tonight at
What did Jack Frost say to Frosty the Snowman?Have an ice day!
Library GRIND BOLD is French Roast
I want two tattoos & three piercings when I turn 18.
There it is!!
hahaha well I refuse to listen to your command!
Itz a ghost town in dis b#$*h!
Talking about the theological implications of how churches use new media
when is it going to be over
Thanks for the #FF!
FBCD... Bottom play with amazing upside potential!!! One ass hole holding this back. Slap the ask and he's out then were off to da moon!!!
he looks like an uptight dad from a John Hughes movie
Getting texts from the people you want to talk to you >> :)
Yes. That is wrong. HA! #don'tjinxme
Temper tantrums are getting more costly. My toddler threw our iPad today. Growing up I remember a good door slam usually did the trick.
There's nothin' wrong with OCD as long as it's for me.
Bleached my hair!<3
yupp lol, so what you like cheese on? besides your head of course...
RT : Tell us your #story in 140 characters or less! Impossible? No way! It's the StoryCorps Challenge!
Finals at then brought (15) 6-8 graders from an after-school class I teach in Mpls back to for a tour! FUN!
is it April?! oh...its april :)
Heh, the lead told them to get to the chopper. Schwarzeneggar he is not.
Power restored. Hope it stays that way.
Nobody replys too me when I need them . I have no friends . Im so fucking pathetic .
Two lovely sisters going to prom tonight..so pretty!
guy w/ 1.3 has 1.4 too... Doubt he would. So you think Luck? I think Martins numbers will be comprable to TRich.
That is the best news I've heard all day. Carry on, then!
evil evil lady
So... Who wants to let me borrow their BRip dog park pass? :) Center is closed and Piper is devastated.
...there is a thing I don't understand I have learned it is called talk but I have not learned to say the word
someone do my taxes! there is no reward. just my company- more like me staring at you as you enter numbers. Sound like fun? hit me up! :)
Yes! Lucky me, just when I asked you. Haha.
Great meeting with re: and innovation within Enterprise.
Waiting for someone to txt back is just so much fun
I don't know. But said at her author talk that there will be a red theme in each cover.
I just defeated all of you wanna be's.
Lisa, how are you?
NEED HELP! Anyone know of any articles in managing AEs and clients from a Creative Director's POV?
new job<3
We have 4 followers. MOST FAMOUS PEOPLE ON TWITTA RIGHT HEEEEYYYAAAAAAA
RT : drafted the ultimate college fantasy football team. Good luck fighting for 2nd
Tmrw nite 10/5 the Echo Beach jazz quartet at Cato's Ale House, Oaktown. Minus me: Charlie Gurke on sax will sit in. www.mrcato.com
Love the atmosphere in Oklahoma City. It looks like a playoff game.
What a way down then way up day!
no doubt
About to get to school
really cold here in chicago today. someone told me who was from the east cost that its not just cold in chicago it's brutally cold. right!
I don't like to be annoyed but I like annoying ppl.... To a certain extent.
So, I accidentally said "I love you" to the guy who took my dinner reservation. It's gonna be super awkward when I kiss him later.
We did it! We did it! Wettest March ever in Oregon history.. more than 7.52 inches! Thanks for nothing Ma Nature!
great interview with today!
hurry up n get yo ass home we got vacation planning to do
Something that annoys me: websites that have mouse-over effects that must happen on touch devices. I do NOT want to tap twice!
Niki played the part of GaGa this year...
you can't go backward, you must go forward to go back ~ Willie Wonka (not to be confused with Willy Wonka)
Waitin on this food hungry af.
Yes, and I are listening to Dokken, drinking port about to go bad, and writing.
Happy Easter! Wishing all who celebrate the chance to enjoy this day with friends and family.
that'd be sweet..let me know when.. Ill make sure im off so we can parrrtty
Tip #183: Try an online session without a #HUD. Our #brains are very powerful. You will grow & recognize spots that your HUD does not show.
Anthony's 0:
Off to teach doctoral class on leadership and collaboration. What qualities do you see in the best collaborators?
Startup Breakfast is back at Langermann's (until 11am), Workshop is at the ETC (11am – 12:30pm).
Just saw Matt Gerbig in a Dodge Charger commercial, creeping on ladies.
Exciting news for the MAM5ive group as we just landed the Starr Group as our new client. MAM5ive will be branding a new campaign for their …
its a joke! theyre ridiculous
$24 million in bribes hushed up. And internal investigation handed to a perpetrator. Wow, indeed.
RT : #DailyQuote There is no beauty that is attractive without zest. — Christian Dior
That awkward moment when your trying to pee and your cat is staring at you... -.-
thank you!
Long day moving, hangin with mom!
boys in my school are such assholes
Just think if magic happens, gets all the credit. If not he'll be in same spot next yr regardless (w/low profile)
Good Morning Beauties! I hope everyone is well rested and striving for perfection although we know we can't be perfect.
We can't get games to run on OSX and Linux, but they wrote a virus to infect alien ships in Independence Day.
FUCKING PUMPED to see kill it tonight during their sold out/last show on Fire & Ice <3
Everyone brings something special to the workplace, don't discount someone else's value simply because their talents differ from yours
Hey Rob, feel free to email me at and I can discuss with you on investment opportunities. Thanks!
Chicago Public Schools are closed tomorrow due to weather - first time since January of 1999. I blame Rahm Emanuel.
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
In bed. Listening to songs
Looking at Google Analytics data is kind of intoxicating.
RT : Every dog has its day...
I think Olin Kreutz just misses Chicago
I get at least 5 phone calls a day off three, I don't even know what they want but i refuse to answer..
Breaking: on my way to plane crash at dane county regional airport
good and u?
THATS WHAT I AM TALKING ABOUT. DO YOUR TING GIRL.
And is now awake
gotcha. Thanks.
@ thank you for the mention k Kevin Cheng
There something about Vampiers that turn me on lol Thank you Johny Depp & R-Patz;)
I have to go through this horror story again. I threw the ring away, I'm going to get it out of me early this time.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood! Have you and your dog(s) gone outside or are you melting from the heat already? :-)
OHMYGOSHH, can June just come already so i can be out of school ? i'm sick of being there ! d:< #hurryupalready !
Red beans simmering...about to kick back, watch THE Boston Celtics and do some long tones on the trumpet.
happy birthday! 22
Watching "Band of Brothers" for the first time. Weird how I needed that to cheer me up after "We Need to Talk About Kevin."
TGIF@ the Farm..come by and pick up our strain of the day, or one of our many other specials! Check it out
I watched the first 2 episodes last night. I need to discuss this show with you at some point. Bonfire optional, booze not.
no horror stories.
Thanks for posting about my film!
also, Connie Francis..
Still don't understand why people J-walk, like that ass won't get hit!!!
It has been about 100 degrees for 3 days in a row at
yes it is. Very!
Knute Rockne called it the forward pass.
Raise the Jolly Roger!!
BOO! Have a great weekend! Happy 2012! Lotsa love to the family!
What a beautiful day to be off from work! Spent the AM packing & organizing. This moving to Chicago thing is getting serious!
Y'all have a good day...
#ItsCrazyHow I haven't been home in like a week... hahahaah.
Goin to where its always sunny tonight, Philly tonight
Discovered a new surprise favorite in "United States of Tara." 15 episodes in 24 hours.
RT : i want some pussy...
I was there! We're you?
< they need prayer!
BIG congrats! Way to go!
GUYS. I HAVE TO GO TO SCHOOL. :/
“: Who else thought Spongebob's parents were cookies? LET'S BE HONEST HERE.” hahaha
These pants are like regular pants except they're for baseball. They're my baseball pants.
I hv been thinking of new things here and there & forgetting to document my ideas! I need an App for VM Recorder on my phone. #HaveAnyIdeas?
Good morning. Thx for the mention. Hope you have a great Thursday too :)
hi babe. just relax.
Phelps is phenomenal. I am looking forward to watching him sweep tonight.
The swans have gone...
"End of the World" should come with a warning label.
Check out & “: Know any great craft or small batch coffee roasters? Looking for a new cup of joe.
Grr cant sleep all i can think about is me in england and meeting
Chick fil a is the model 4 restaurants!
": God hates no one"
You can meet many people who can change your life for an instant but you only meet one person who can change your life forever!
going to bed crying because Vincent didn't say anything about the boyz.....
Angeline's OUT OF THE GARDEN, tales of the Barbarian Kabar of El Hazzar is very close to publication. Serious #SwordAndSorcery action, soon!
If you are doing a juice cleanse, are you combining it with a colonic? Or vice versa?
at home? Now you're just showing off...lol save some for me and my girls please :)
lol it's the little smiley emotions
Happy President's Day , , and
That's it, I'm calling in "stabby" tomorrow.
I am not surprised. I will wait to hear your side of the story. Ha!
I must be bored if I'm watching U.S. House of Representatives on tv...fml & in need of a new one!
is attending a #destinationwedding seminar.
Where am I working tomorrow? NR or DDD3? Someone claim me please.
I like your background
For real! I woulda put Theresa in her place a long time ago.
just being honest - <3
R.E.M broke up.
did she break all of her fingers? thats always the worst.
Finishing up The Rules of Survival tonight then library sometime soon for my next batch of books.
open arms
woo bass!
Happy Thanksgiving!
: I loved Jody MacDonald "I like it.. don't love it!" "Hey Jody, do me a favor..Appreciate it!!"
We don't even have a Wincos here in South Bay.. I don't think..
Dear sir, I am in your Chicago establishment. So happy there is one now in the Midwest!
Wow! declined paying clz costs for my fully approved #FHA buyer bcuz they won't use Centex lender, but will pay if switch
y is it that.. since i became emotionally detatched.. he doin all the right things... too late..
It's never too late to become what you might have been. -George Elliot
Salt and pepper go to right for passing
Don't forget...the Barkan special ends TODAY! $5.95 per bottle
Who's playing now? Might ride my bike down..
Hm. Better than Wendy's?
Seguin shoots puck over Montoya's shoulder.Snap shot from high in left circle. Bergeron and Marchand get assists. 4-2 #Bruins over
Champions are made from something deep inside them, a desire, a dream, a vision
It wasn't Menard, but at least it was a Cheesehead!!
when i see it it's usually abbreviated to Suu Kyi
not sure if it will make the coffee BETTER but it was nice to know they are monitoring Twitter and trying!
If we all worked on the assumption that what is accepted as true is really true, there would be little hope of advance. Orville Wright
it's working, if not chk out front page
1 PEOPLE SHOULD FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT ;]
Hahahaha, you say all that shit to make people think you're nice.. Smh. Bitch you're fake as fuck. Shit talker, you're no "sweet girl" Ha!
P90X is great. Better to have an eye on exactly what your doing.In an amazingly cool world I would be your trainer.
Thank you to everyone that came out for the Healthy Living Expo on Saturday! Dr. Keith had a great time speaking at the event!
I dont like boogers unless there in my mouth
that's what I thought too. He said she wasnt out very long. She got a rude awakening.
Thank you for all the tweeting! Have a great Mom's Day! RT : Thank you for the Mom's Day RT--enjoy!
On the way to
"I got 2 pickles, I got 2 pickles. I got 2 pickles hey hey hey hey" dude...it's an effing pickle. NO ONE CARES!
If you would FOLLOW ME id be the happiest #boyarianator in the world <333 Please give me a follow or shoutout :(
check us out at SOWO. We will be a vendor there.
"It's always darkest before the dawn" Thank you Florence + the Machine for
Black Veil Brides rock my socks off and blow my mind!!!!
It is awesome seeing our students grow in our primary tenets of Courtesy, Attentiveness, Perseverance, Self-Control, Honor, and Courage.
The awkward moment when you try to move to the center... before speaking at Liberty University
It's a beautiful morning! Time to wake up and smell the coffee, or in my case the cinnamon, cayenne and apple cider vinegar w/ ageve tea.
Oh I'm cute. Just kidding. I'm lame. I'm laying in bed. I love my mother.
I'm still on Viola's side.
Right, 6- and 7-time all-stars were "incredibly under-appreciated." There are levels of appreciation between forgotten & HOF.
We made $4,400 at our book sale yesterday. Many thanks to all!
RT : haha, u know is my girl right?
#FF Some great #Seattle #nonprofit tweeps
Vegas bound, baby!
when falls asleep on my couch and starts twitching and snoring... again > hahah XD
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> yes... It's a private thing that is blowing up my TL as well.
Wait did you know its possible to txt in the shower?
let's hoop Bitch
always jealous when some young'un comes into the office to pitch their wine, but feel better that it's usually for their parents' vineyard
I'm not a cry baby. -_________________-- but thanks.
Tonight is so fucking awesome.
It's much more user friendly than TweetDeck; I couldn't load any of my Facebook accounts on TD.
You can say it's speculation. But I bet it will be true when they make it official.
we love that basketball (bow wow/jermaine), Basketball-Kurtis blow, today was a good day-Ice Cube (lakers beat the supersoncis)
thanks very much. I hope the same for you! I'm keeping you in my thoughts and prayers :)
We are starting the Design applications and are reviewing application #130105 - John Frigo.
Busy morning strategizing with our partners at !
Niggas faking hard to be a twitter star you can buy a rozay but cant buy a car niggas faking like they got it but really they be hurting.
lol hahaha I just changed my password so it shouldn't be doing it anymore! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
yup its true Lahoud, swing by! first round on us!
I see it didn't take long for insomnia to follow me to Poland.
I love how people (including me) are so dramatic now. We get a paper cut and start screaming "IM GONNA DIE OMG IM GONNA DIE" hahha calm down
What are people on the outside saying about COS? A consistent thread from experienced travelers: "Look at the rainbows"
Thank you for holding the #megaIIN in Long Beach! It means I get to visit with my best friend in Malibu Thurs and Fri!
He's climbing in yo windows, he's snatchin yo people up, tryin to rape em so u need to hide yo kids hide yo wives, nd hide yo husbands
Julia Porter is THE BOMB! Take good care of her!
”do us apart” is part of the wedding saying. ”til death, do us apart.” this one will have two meanings.
awe silly harry <U+E405> <U+E105>
challenge accepted lol
Just got accepted to be a producer for Current TV!!!
My Quote of the Day - "Behind every beautiful thing, there's some kind of pain.", Bob Dylan
Ever wake up with that freshly undead feeling? Its like getting a new lease on un-life!
Syr/Ash officiating = Fail
well can i call you or you what?
Tough way to end the season for the Hawks. Still a great series. This could be the year for Nashville.
Well that's one way to do it!
and, san diego misses you!!!!!!
I SWEAR EVERYBODY TWEETIN BOUT #OLIVIA HYPOCRITICAL YAW CALLIN HER A #HATER BUT STEADY HATIN ON HER DONT WATCH DA SHIT! ION GOT NO
it's storming pretty bad D: and it's only 3 a.m..... asd5hjklz;
thanks for helping me with so much in my writing career.
#TheWireTaughtMe the proper usage of jail ("I know how to") and police ("I'm a")
But lookit how fucking handsome he is! :)
loving your twitter page, keep up the great work and thanks for the follow.
a business degree. Hoping that combining that with my IT degree will help. You know it's tough when even costco is out of jobs
I'm about to go to bed :p
Finished Calligrapher's Daughter and more tears flowed. You're an expert at capturing unspoken emotions.
Feedfoward - a respectful suggestion for another to achieve future success targeting a behavior that they have identified as critical.
You should have been to the AFP Fiscal Responsibility gathering in Clackamas Sat. The people are speaking. You'd be proud.
valentine what do you think of bottled
Let's get 100 followers ya?!
But I think I fell inlove when I found out vicky secret
I didn't get a chance to work on it...I will send u lot of stuff once I get to europe
A wonderful Sunday dinner with the family is now to be followed by a few hours together. Sweet!
Teal tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Aw Schneider really got in trouble lmao
It's not spring break when it is 37 degrees outside . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
made some new friends. Someone's gonna win a new 3ds!
Lee Enterprises reports results for second fiscal quarter
What a pass!
i only did one pg im gonna do more once i get home . I have a feeling she would've if we didn't show up & she knew we were in ssr
Made your Sunday dinner Minestrone this a.m. Look & smells good! “: #FoodForward, a great new PBS show about the people
Lol we can switch I can deal with 40 degrees you can this 80 degrees everyday a nigga tired of sweating
The voyeur cam is on! Running early.
Can't wait until Monday morning when we're up 6.5 games on the Red Sox...get my new google voice # (951) CHYEAH1
9 is my number and 11 is my b'day so I gotta Love that!
Rangers vs st loser cardinals...go texas...for my wife
Haha your not getting shit! :) : I would like popcorn and hot dogs :)
Shoutout to everyone follow!
Longest. Night. Ever.
When I say "you fill up those cups" I meant my friends drinks, not a compliment you egotistical whore.
some dude idk!!!
pro-Walker promoted tweets may get young voters to polls for yet #promotedtweetsannoying!
#FindUW Learning: target was the more senior student. Need to educate new students how to connect w/
That name just seemed right. (With the English pronunciation, of courase...)
Anyone ever notice Sarkozy looks like that guy that plays Monk on TV?
It's better to end something and start another beginning than to imprison yourself in hoping for the impossible...
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. - Judy Garland
Hey people, we've recently connected on Twitter. Stay tuned for news and announcements for pressure washers
woke up now I can't sleep
Exactly how much does Jeeter get paid?
Cat Cora ’s cute ringlet curls
Wow rally wanna see dark shadows
Glad you like them!
Did all the Thunder fans go to bed early?
Come down and listen to pubbys Irish band for happy hour and maybe learn how to do the jig!!!! We also have $3 taps from 5 till close....
Happy Mother's Day to my mommy followers : )
Not that I saw, but there's v little doubt many judges do.
You phony as air force 1's they buy outta the ARAB sto'
#1dayuntilCOLS then Sebastian will burn down the world!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><U+2764>
Is her genealogy/family history done?
game friday colorguard learning dance routines <3 so we can show this school how we get down
Come on Vic No tip of the cap for all these sox fans?
thanks for the retweet!
Very cool.
Still editing the web series, its looking pretty good!
How is it that I look this cute, when I feel like death?
you never askedd .
Can't figure out what station the Spurs game is on tonight?? Anyone know if CW35 is available in Austin?
notes that it is now officially considered "hot". I'm wearing shorts.
Thank god for this heating pad and this bottle of Vicodin #ouch :(
sent me!
Support local music!
Clybourne Park &amp; The Sound of Music - Broadway World
this my gucci !!!
And now I realise that I'm talking to somebody. Who don't know me and never follow me or maybe not read my tweets. :'(
with swear words and nudity, I presume.
no invite?
that's good!!
He be pissin me off when he don't txt back!!!
oh definitely
I swear stands for over dose
All I consume is venison sausage & coffee
Best we can hope for is the "Columbus Ohioans" RT : So IF Columbus were to get a NBA team, what should the mascot be?
Nothin In This World I Would'nt Do For You..
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude -If you change your attitude you will change your Fate!!!! TC
Can't wait to see #TheMaster! New film (sometime in 2012) by director: Paul Thomas Anderson (also writer: PTA). Looks super!
im not that worried about the pain I'm just worried about what it would look like! Lol
Nothing like spending a Friday with writers to find inspiration. Great job on MWA University.
Eight sherrifs on my metro train with guns and sunglasses on...nothing to see here, right?
Last night, I had a dream that you replied and followed me, Make My Dream Come True? :) xox. <U+E328>
Allergies out the wazoo right now
Two weeks. Wounded warriors project benefit show. Be there. Attempttofail.com for details.
Better be...GRYFFINDOR!!!!!!! Hell yeah mother fuckers!!
In 1756, composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in Salzburg, Austria.
These khakis are seriously so horrible, I hate wearing pants LOL
follow me back Chica
WE'RE HERE FOR YUH
I have a delicious salmon burger recipe I can share. It's so yummy!
U've got a lot of unsubstantiated Hubris, don't you? 'Cause I say what I think w/o hiding behind phony avatars. Bring It!
Big boy school is tough
what u know about that lol
The biggest problem I have with datomic, as with many "nosql"s, as with clojure, is lack of "second sourcing" for production use.
Woke up on the wrong side of the bed, the one that gives you hair that insists on flipping out
Love you too cuzzo! RT : Love and Miss Ya'll:
not a gameday question, but is campbells doing click for cans this year?
great tunes! Nice to be cheered while working ;-)
Payton Rae and Austin would look so cute together.
To live like this, you gotta pay
i want an imaginary friend
#ARealBoyfriend is you. ;D
We should totally chill after the show! (:
Yep it's on Lifetime, & u were adorable in it... August Rush!!!
Oh, Rush. Shut up. Just shut up. Please.
Headed to gym
Two-a-days in 97 degree heat. Ah, the joys of coaching! ;) Good luck this season!
Would you take the place of this man Would you take the nails from his hands -Jeremy Camp
Since I cant sing, I just look up instrumentals and synth solo the melodies haha
unless play some modern warfare or zombies but i dont wanna play alone. I need my xbox live back
": Expressing anger is a form of public littering-Willard Gaylin"
love you too dragon
you are welcome...used and supported QM, but found it was too difficult for faculty - CHICO seemed better :)
Man madana needs too stay at 140 and make some changes starting with learning how too use a jab
MAYBE ;P
could I get a rt I have tried for days so help a bro out
aww so sad
can you do another one please :)
would you dm to me again if i follow
download issue #61 www.XPOZ.com
omg, that sucks! I just hope I pass! Goodluck to you!!
#QLF 70 percent of liquid feeds to dairies are customized.
oh ok. Well when you or your bro play God of War 3, you'll like it and will be pumped for God of War Ascension
A spacemarine? “: I always feel good when I manage to get a space ship and a submarine into the same illustration.”
Smells like a marijuana bonfire on east bank of North Ave bridge.
I feel like crap and had to come into work for two meetings, both late. Baaaah.
I too, didn't want Adam on Idol tonight. I want him to perform and promote his own great songs. Trespassing is phenomenal.
So does Zeller come back for a sophomore season or is he a one and done in order to not risk injury and get the pro bucks?
Followed, Follow back?(:
He will be there for about 4 day's. Gloria,Mike,Angie and others are going too.
Best of luck to the whole Betamouse team. we will miss your Disney Geeky Goodness. Thanks for the good times!
Holy cow! Is Friday Wal-Mart night? I need a paper towel holder this place is nuts!
God makes us devil-proof.
Errands at the only store open!!! Please forgive for contributing to low prices at the cost of wages!
or just bring a carrot RT If you're stalked by a horse, STAND YOUR GROUND. RT : Word of the day: "stalking horse"
u saw my last tweet to u
We're having gorgeous weather (Sunny and 70) in Newport News, VA! How's the weather in your neck of the woods?
music just blasted from my work speakers. not awesome. but drink looks cool. i usually like shirtless dancing dogs.
The animation in Beatles Rock Band is amazing.
Glad I stayed home tonight
envious of friends who are just back from San Diego, especially when I'm about to go teach comma splices.
"We have the strangest revenue system in this state that I have ever seen." David Ward
hmm idk. I didn't really see him and idk him. I have a feeling he is you bf.....
It's beautiful that we have a plethora of talented people in da Mil. Dont be intimidated by it. Embrace it. We can do so much more 2getha
Just watched a few videos on optimizing my craps play
Demand your #Freedom and #Liberty! Elect
Fuckin' damn it! >:( It's all good, they got it next game.
A healthy dog or cat is no accident. It takes a commitment from you to provide your pet a healthy lifestyle & reg. Vet Care
Hah, okay! That will give me some time to catch up! Lol.
That awesome moment when you say something really funny and everyone laughs, so you just sit there like a boss
fear will never lead you to Positive Place#TD Jakes.
really, it's what we live for! Just sit and wait for a picture of an old man's junk...
how goes it?
Which kind of VSEncoding should I use? I wish the README of integer_encoding_library was more thorough.
"I love you, I always will... so when I say goodbye, I really mean see you later"
See that same hold go uncalled at least 15X per game.
I have been attending at DeVry University for 3 years.I would like to show u my Beats.I produce R&B music.
follow me <3
why does twitter insist on saying Raleigh is Meredith
Good work, lets get more followers than Jesus's second coming,
I need food in my system..
Milwaukee Public Museum Opens Cleopatra on Oct. 14!!!
Question for all my mamas - thinking about planning a Disney trip for next year. AL will be 2.5 years old then, is that too young?
HAPPY SAINT PATRICKS DAY! lets go!
Which is better? Driving to an indy retail shop or braving the parking and massess at the mall? We hope you'll choose local!
Appreciate the RT, friends. Hope your weekend is going well. Cheers!
love is real!
I can imagine how u felt in it
Now we gone get fucked up, No excuses, No apologies.
Just got booked to shoot the Paid dues fest this saturday :)
how was the flour shower?? Fucking no talent loser
So proud! RT : THANK YOU THANK YOU AGAIN FOR SORORITY GIRL OF YEAR. UNDEFEATED and it feels good!
dang- just got a free ticket to go and see Sting in Philly this eve and I can't make it. Grrrr.
Not sure those are trash cans. Maybe the first-ever #TEDxAtlanta shout out is one way to make progress on the big stuff.
I refuse to miss 11:11 now because of Now my bed time is later. ;p
This is a great discussion tonight. I depend upon this community and others to feed my reading plan and reading seasons.
Just DM'd u
Rained out. Boo.
that's not a good thing
Thanks for all of your hard work! Grey's and Private Practice are amazing! Can't wait to see what next season has in store!
Most definitely! You're dope and you have a really solid team behind you. I anticipate great things.
If this ear is bleeding now, it's really going to be bad when I really start stretching.
Off to shoot a music video for Pop Evil :)
you WOULD be a Lebron fan... ;)
Share and preserve! (cc: )
ah i really will get you one if you cant come!
Need to reach 750 followers ... again haha
For you !! RT Yay! Be yourself, judges can see right through an act. Embrace yourself & everyone else will too. :)
Sounds good.What about Ryan Grant?
Moss and Terakawa split 2 matches during regular season as it should be a great matchup between freshman and senior for NWOC singles title.
do I have to switch schools?
Uh oh about to go in on this #ThingsSheNeverToldYou TT I feel it comin lol
Not a fan of Bon Iver. Don't get it...BORING! (snore)
Are you local? is it free?
My job decided not to pay me $600 this week. Yay
I miss you Gilligan!
“: ending a phone call with your mother is one of the most challenging and frustrating things in the world.” tell me your secret!!
Auntie shut up
Ah! So the company's out of business?
I have to admit though the iPhone is pretty addictive.
omg I don't wanna be like Christian. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Saw publicist I knew in the '90's & she looked terrible. Fatter & ridic haggard. Can't shake nightmare she thought the same of me.
What time do u start training
I hate hearing about your drama
are you getting your paperwork in order??
what kind of phone do youu have?
nice work. What are you up to later tonight?!?
Or an indication of Beijing's conclusions on Bo?
By using this service, you accept our Terms of Use
cool! And I offer a #twitter discount.
Rush Limaugh apologizes for his choice of wording, WTF??? It's a B.S. Apology, keep the pressure on his advertisers!!! His time will end.
You look great in your tees! RT Me, Jada, & supporting #zumbathon!
music video or in front of your computer? <21
PickUpLine: Hey baby, I'll screw you so hard the neighbors will be having a cigarette when we're done.
Miss loves 's When I Grow Up. She's using it as a defense for her top vocation choice of princess.
idk seriously where
stop it
yo dude, it's Geoff. Check your e-mail about a show.
I've been listening to Mike Shannon too much lately.
Today's been such a bad day and its only the morning...
LLS!! I remember that day!
We'd love to talk to you about being transportation of choice for your staff and guests.
check out the stream for the highlights
wish you were here.
aww nvm. i cant chat on there :/
It'd be awesome if Chelsea next faced & defeated Barca only eventually lose to Mourinho's Madrid. Best of bad possibilities
He's not with you? I thought you were the one looking after him.
I have that outfit!
we working my nigga !!
This weather calls for some country music.
Just Wanted to say Hi and Hope you had a great Day!(:
whoa! Just noticed your pic with JJ Barea! When did that happen? I'm jelly! That's awesome!!!
#merrychristmas Love you guys!!! s/O to all my fans and supporters that listen to juliusvevo via youtube and lets get it this 2012!!!!!!!!!!
reports Dwyane Wade and LeBron James are not expected at Tuesday's NBA meetings.
Ha! and you have many more years to go lol
Rain rain go away so I can smoke my weed today.
I'm trying to not swear anymore
Dilemma by nelly&Kelly.. aw i remember this was my fav song once *.* still love it!!
Welcome, GAAP Students! Want to know more about GERMS? Feel free to stop by our open house from 11AM - 3PM tomorrow, April 8th! HOYA SAXA!
"We are blessed to have a Raw Elements sunscreen on the market to help us stay healthy and look young.<U+0094>
NJ and US children have lost a true champion. You will be missed, Rep. Payne!
Original or remake? ": Best movie ever..might have to watch tonight! RT : The night he came home.. ??"
escuse me while i go jump off a bridge.
Waiting for some #hipsters to bitch about Ritchie Rich.
spotty connectivity is one of my major concerns in that area. *my* phone didn't work in my house until recently.
I'm an ASS man
- [] almost complete with you AUDIO upload from last night []
Sure, I will tell shaggy next time I see him
One thing I will never understand is.. how do you have the time to be in her face when you're always in mine?
Aww TYVM hun XO! RT : Wow, that's amazing. Good for you!!!!!!!! Hope she has an amazing day tomorrow ~ ATB ~J
Is "stoopid windy" a meteorological term?
Great ideas can’t get off the ground if you can’t present them for consideration. Our prototype capabilities can support your wildest ideas.
wow!! I just experience some super relevant targeted email marketing from Columbia Business School. Love it.
I don't know about you but it's hard for me to be creative when it's so hot out. Whew, can't wait for cooler days.
i freakin love you:)
thanks for playing in Baltimore last in night You have been a huge influence and inspiration for 10+ years of my guitar life
calling BS on your sources
Is Matt Millen secretly working as a consultant for #Lions ? Gotta ask since they took a WR in 2nd round to add to their NFC-best squad.
It's my sister's birthday! HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHRISTINA! She's older than me.
the ibooks would be accessible on any apple device, no android, windows, linux, etc.
Tune into NBC for the on Thursday morning around 8:35am to see me make my TV modelling debut!!! So excited!
It's alright. No pressure.
I am a pansexual, genderqueer, polyamorous grad student. I don't want to marry, but I support the right for anyone else to!
Tigers Jaw is always perfect at night. Buhbye.
Get with us at #HempCon today and say high!
Aw thanks!
Loved my <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>date with the bestest <U+2764>
Stuck in a weird place in life, not a Mom but 35, feels weird hanging out with non Moms cause they're all under 25 & in college. Sigh
Mr Ruiz... And your lucky haha #I'mboredasshityo
So I really think both elevators are broken.. -__- tf!? Only at the art institute. Smh.
Love the support! Sluts unite! RT Sitting with some sluts who will be walking on the 4th June!
I still talk to him sometimes when his on just to see how things are going!
it's why i prefer the city of dreams... its the only place i can high five jesus while riding a unicorn in teh clouds
Do you read on airplanes? All four mirasol-enabled e-readers feature an integrated front reading light that adjusts to dark surroundings
right good! :-)
Wow, keep showing us how intelligent you are. It's humorous
party at ur house,... Check!
haah well thank you happy new year to you in 37min!:)
I want to be with you, I want you to be mine; If you want me then please start giving me signs. . .<3
3 guesses as to what album I'm listening to as I head to the Ahmanson Theatre...
"Drunk How It's Made" You know, like Drunk History, but with the science channel show.
keep up the good work!
Well, busted. #MixedFeelings Want the kid to do well always, but also glad I don't have to play against him the rest the day!
you should marry in costa rica, my hubby and i did it was perfect.
i'm speechless.
TONIGHT: opening of "The Face of the Ghetto" exhibit, featuring never before seen photos taken by residents of the Lodz Ghetto. 6pm at
When the lights go in the city And the sun shines on the bay....Jan 6
I wish I was Drake.
Your words are my food, your breath my wine
RT : Help female victims of human trafficking get back on their feet with the Nomi Network Global Project...
<U+2665> Strong people stand up for themselves, but stronger people stand up for others <U+2665>
ya that makes me uncomfortable!!!! It was WAY too close to us!!!
It's not that you need to experience great pain to create great art, but rather- having experienced the pain, art becomes your only relief.
RT : Hiker Stranded On Mountain In Lakeside Rescued: A 61-year-old man who became stranded in heavy fog on El Capitan......
#WhatYouFindInLadiesHandbags their entire closet!
thanks for the RT & !
I am new to the programs,not the special ed but the school outside programs
www.1waytowellness.com to help focus your office.
Damn People everywhere try everything to bring down STA's rep
This is all crazy scary!
Man, whoever invented champagne and orange juice, I'd like to kiss on the mouth. -
A #badgerdays first. The marketing staff caught and passed the buses on the way home.
Impressions of California: colder than I thought, very scenic, expensive, relaxed. Glad I don't live there.
#imhavingfun cause I'm single .
Haaha not even!
followed! follow back(:
Everyone is so stinking feisty today.
Agreed. Would love to see Mullan score today.
I think #thelostsymbol might literally drive me insane before I'm done. Character just "crossed the Anacostia River into Maryland."
if it is us you are talking about we are at 1901 Fort Place SE, Wash DC, 20020
doing dishes, entertaining cats, going out to for lunch, twittering the afternoon away - yes, it's #procrastination!
Sometimes I cry at stupid things when I'm tired... Quite funny actually
I will be teaching the tech part at jonesboro middle
I spent 30 minutes biking. 451 calories burned.
Having a Fairuza Balk style witchcraft staredown with the hipster in skinny jeans who beat me to the plug. I'll make him move with my eyes.
Blehh :/ you feeling okay?
except those looking to rob you while you are out....
The 20th anniversary party at parish gallery georgetown is packed. The artwork, incredible.
whats reading? Im so confused.
Tonight's drinking words are magical, majestic and sex with Courtney .
You and the cocktails have been married on this trip.
This is why I love the #grammys! Crazy fun live mashups!
I love you more than I love somebody
ah I know-it's about 40 min from me too but I drop serious $$ when I road trip it out there. I'm scared to live closer to it.
there is a game 5 because a team has to win 4 games. And each team already has a win so there is deft a game 5
me either !!! Oh my god , it's gonna be soo toot .
trade the CBA for a winger for Sid, just sayin'
fuck around and find out adele got a jordan collection
the chip’s outta the bag! new sweet potato popchips are sweet, crispy and you can find them at your #losangeles #orangecounty #costco today
There's a Titanic 2 coming out?? Didn't the last survivor die at the end of the first film?
Everyone needs to follow the sexiest publicist in the game !!
Question of the day: Should Coach Jim Boeheim be out at as head coach of SU Basketball? Yes or no...
Name that Tune for tickets to Tegan and Sarah coming at the top of the hour...
I need my driving license and a car. That would be nice. Get away whenever you wanted really..
Good job, Lobos!
&why aren't you with me instead of her.
Moving sucks. I've cleaned out so many boxes & scrubbed so many fixtures I have the hands of a servant girl.
Im a very shy person when i don't know anybody
Sleeping in, in the morning:)
and its so hard to breathe
Good morning
“: SAP to Buy for $3.4 Billion j.mp/vYtLjk <- Congrats Lars and team!” congrats emergence!
Patron wanted Portland history book.
I was going to say the same thing! Great meeting you and thanks so much for introducing me to the dank world of hops.
JEALOUS. Don't have too much fun without me! I'm major FOMO-ing right now. ("fear of missing out" hahaha)
Thanks for the flowers in memory of the poppy pie. She will be missed tons.
then who's? Couldn't possibly be mine.
last day of the old job, longest day of my life! bah monday I begin a new journey into awesomeness!
Can you believe it's over? Thanks to everyone who participated in Mobile Learning Experience 2012!
I can't wait for the movie #RockofAges to come out! The production last year at Center for the Arts was awesome!!!
On any reckoning day.
and the photographer! *hint hint* :-)
thanks for the new follows, I can't really be on like I usually am but soon, moving in the process peace :)
Basketball; Everything Else Just Dont Matter Right Now!
Ok. Mini-breakdown is over. I am definitely PMSing. I feel better now.
Pistachio shells are brutal on the nails! I'm going to need a manicure!
Only since yesterday! Lol RT : Quite possibly the worst strike zone ever
chasing time into the sky why not lie with the one you love?
RT if ur tired of the imagine tweets im not gonna imagine im gonna practice for when the day kums im prepared:)
that's what's up!
This new2town mamacita is happy to call u my local brew! MRT “: We are proud to be the Hometown Beer of the Potomac Nationals!"
Just did a shot of cuervo....yuk!!!!! #however you spell it LOL
hey sweety i miss you!
RT : Who’s coming to #happyhour tonight?
your welcome
your avatar is kinda cool #JustSayin -CV
LOL. Have my mom's #1967 #Cadillac too. Runs in the family. Hubs drives #BMW on weekends cuz he has news car. Looks great
Its like you feel homesick for a place that doesn't even exist.
not me! i was working in excel! :P
I hate when you get stuck with a crap teacher and there is no way to escape to a better one.
Hard to root against #pacmen, but go #gmen!!
RT It's that time again to Get It On at Genki in Buckhead! Show that special someone how much you care!
Marcus with due respect, If you really want to help Black families, fight homophobic hatred. RT
You know you're from Coventry if you've ever seen the inside of Nicky's or Reko's.
Don't know what to do for dinner? Swing over to Fastino's 2600 Juan Tabo Blvd NE and enjoy an evening with friends or the family.
Just a tan legged Juliet, looking for my red-neck Romeo.
I've learned my wife is always right.
Gorgeous day!! Going to support the Broadway League this morning since I can't play :-/
and remember when creating a burned DVD of the slideshow was quaint and cool....alas, that was 9 years ago
I did miss it.. thanks love your show:-)
hope you all enjoyed our vip office space.
Fall Back And Get Smacked With The Back Of My Damn Hand
sure thing. Drop me a line
did u get busy jake?
She don't even know what the fuck she talkin about -.-"
All Doosh goes through three steps: First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as self-sacrifice.
For my height and age i'm supposed to be 180 lbs...i'm less than 5% body fat everywhere except my stomach (which is around 30) weighing 277
Just because your site is compliant doesn't mean it's accessible.
It is beyond electric at the YUM Center...ISU matching UK shot for shot.
And don't be shy, oh no..
DIET: Body shape determines your ability to lose weight.
Hey, fantastic! Thanks so much.
Finishing up the #lotr marathon with my youngest. Still think Two Towers is the best of the three movies.
My brother texted me yesterday and today...I put my number in his phone and I never imagined he would use it!
battle of the bands was great. (:
"...I'm in an awful way...I came in town a month ago...(Cat Stevens.)
It's certainly not been easy. He's married thou w/ his own child and he's working on his relationship w/ his Mom. Thx 4 watching!
You're just angry because he's correct. All bands can sound generic, but Nickelback is like that forever.
If a guy can't handle me with sweatpants he sure as hell cant handle me in a wedding dress -
Submit your application for the L program at
Thank you for Tweeting that article out, Andrew. Hope you're doing great, Sir.
I'm not gonna lie, the boys have ruined my social life, my interest in boys, my grades, and so much more, but yes I'm damn proud of it-Kelly
One in a million*
Good luck!
I can put my full trust in God and know that He'll never let me down.
This is my last day of Project Funway The kids have out done themselves...
but does it look like me now?
Why doesn't Brad Pitt have any #Oscars? He is such a good actor!
Instead of an ipad I'm getting an eye patch... Always wanted to be a pirate
RT : Can I get a RT? It's National Teacher Day. This hard working teacher would appreciate it.
Dining at red rooster in harlem. Hate when they offer bar seating instead of a table. Not good. Warm free glogg Half made up for the snub
Reverse: to colleen. I smell a rally
Where is all the bad weather the weather man said was coming nothing here in lake worth but sprinkles
Would like to continue this conversation. How about by DM? Follow me so I can DM you the response.
LOL at Pandora playing Gin and Juice after my last Tweet!!! It can read my mind!!!
“: here's to the kids who are ready to fuck shit up this weekend.”
Bret Michaels tour bus just pulled into the embassy suites by my house.
Happy Birthday !!!!!!! Get laid and tipsy just have fun i hope you have a fantastic day :P
Ladies, a man wants a woman to be fearless sexually.
or you can do my adlibs lmao
There are still some people trapped in the parliament! There could also further blasts to come.
That's a really cool gift :) It's great that there are now so many active options for game systems! Fun for parents and kids both!
A break up is like a broken mirror. It is better to leave it broken then hurt yourself trying to fix it.
#unicorns can't fly I cant fly so therefore i am a
Mute Math is going on tour with Linkin Park and Incubus! Whaaatttt!!!
Outsmart other Job seekers tips, FREE resume & job board, follow me also go to minorityjobs.net J ...
Oh that's okay. I kept U in the replies for a couple, but I don't like to keep doing that too long, unreplying.
You are to cute!
at least now we are saved from weeks of mercury morris on #thanktebow #romeo'o'romeo
love the tatt! The one on your boob. Lol
Look on the bright side. No riot this year! :P #Canucks via
Can I just say Austin was born sexy. Everything he does is attractive, tbh.
Dairy queen sounds amazing right now.
Never here by enmity are those with enmity allayed, they are allayed by amity; this is a timeless Truth.
Lunch with on this gorgeous day!
is my favorite artist right now. Love listening to his Pandora station at work. Makes me happy!
I'm watching The Daily Show With Jon Stewart on CC. #tds,#dailyshow,#jonstewart (via )
#Loex2012 yay our conference presentation is over!!!!!
I love people that #twitter verify their account and everyone could care less if they are the real them.
have a great day! :)
Haters gonna hate. (8).
RT" #ThingsThatGirlsLike Tall, Dark, and Handsome." No ... funny, outgoing, ambitious & then tall, lightskin & handsome :)
Jamming to help me stay awake and get home
HAPPY KILLER AFTERNOON DAY! Hope to see you at the show tonight. We are releasing our first CD at the show.
It's #BLB day! If u dont kno what that means=> every Wed R fans help us spread the word N shout us out to their followers. Spread it! :-) RT
He got 3M and he's not online to see it :/
Oh wonderful! Happy Journaling!
If what Twitter's CEO says today, that there is no truth to the JPM Private equity investment and the rumor was "made up", so folks have
I'm running out of ideas... Can anyone suggest a new book for me to read? The genre has to be Sci-Fi/Fantasy!
Is your favorite city Paris? RT : Packing for my trip to Europe. Excited to go to one of my favorite cities.
HEY! Nice to see your "face"
What fun to talk with Liz de Nesnera over her ISDN lines today, now that she has her service restored.
R.I.P Joe Frazier u will be missed. Thank u for all u have done in and out side of boxing.
remember to include a lot of "FIRST DOWN...M-I-Z...." haha
Guys, I'd love to get a copy of the new Flex DVD with Don Kelbick. Thanks for all the great info on the website! Rock on...
What's wrong with wanting more power? It's like wanting more sex.
that's probally a good move
Sounds like they're (GZ lawyers) are planting the seeds for an insanity defense.
Tyler is a racist, sexist bonehead...
Hangin' in there. Nausea settling in. Didn't have this the first time. Ugh. I can smell EVERYTHING & food is yucky!
Having 0 followers doesn't bother me. When I die my offensive tactics will be like scripture. All will know.
3rd round job interview!! and thanks :) Im keeping my fingers crossed for this one!
I just earned the Sharing is Caring badge on #Yelp!
Wonder why people are freakin out about the hologram? Life is an illusion of sorts anyway, embrace it!
where you be at nigga
#wtf Hey, hollywood types, stop whitewashing asian movie properties, thanks.
Nice to meet (and her bf) IRL last night finally! Also very cool to have met :)
Damn OKC almost pulled a comeback! They need to shoot better and play more solid defense!!
Students mask their insecurities with their tone which is often casual & sarcastic. We need to first boost their confidence
Our incisors have dulled a little because we replaced them partially with tools like knives and fire.
RT : WOW!! Look at that broken nose and bloodied head on Zimmerman ... Oh, wait. Nevermind
I am going through changes that Phi-phi didn't go home tonight!!!!
*looks down, whispers* im sorry. *sits on the porch steps*
RIP Andre Young
Lost another pair of earings...what else is new.
RT : #scholarlyattrib Borgman granularity of data citation messy. For papers at least we know what 'object' being cited (mostly!)
No one is off the bandwagon when we have seen this type of stuff our whole life.
June and July...Body Be Free 2012 & Moni Lisa!
its so beautiful its like a wedding
It was all over the store works at, so I guess so. I have a hard time believing she actually thinks it'd work!
About to start a very long trip to Oklahoma.
you are good at this.
Lets get this country out of this damned funk - in spirit and intellect.....
funniest suggestion so far. Place small piece of potato. Hold 5 mins. Gone.
SHOUT! SHOUT! Let it all out! SPORTING KC is the best around! C'mon!! We're better than you!!!! C'mon!!
When stretching before a workout, it's best to stretch after you've gotten warmed-up for about 5 minutes (your muscles will be looser).
Ha. Are you thinking ahead to the Olympics? (IOC and NBC would have to pay a fortune in rights, I imagine.)
I'll try to!
For Us By Us...too funny
It's Saturday People Have a great one
definitely will!!
I love having a first bell study hall.
Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done. -Louis D. Brandeis
you hurt me like its nothing. i just dont understand.
Recently overheard "Can't get others excited about digital literacy? Teach them to email kids or another life skill"
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
Very nice!! I had a blast with a buddy when we brewed. His last kid he gave out beer with custom labels.
T-Shirt Time ??? Perfect time to see www.yeldahgoods.com Great T-Shirts, BEST SALE OF THE YEAR ALL SHIRTS 10 BUCKS OR LESS!
you make plans for us to hangout & then i find out you ditched me for someone else after you never got back to me, like okay fuck you too
Harriett, this time she blogged progress, prosperity, peace, and happiness
Let it snow? NO! I like the mild winter. Safe to drive. Easy to want to be out & about instead of holed up in the house! Awesome Nov/Dec!
I would kill for a Bath and Body Works shopping spree.
getting kaliciod over here....hope you are too
Most rappers now get signed off of twitter followers and not actual talent.
I’m hungry. #PapaMurphy’s anyone?
you ain't about this life!
last I've heard they're planning a proper vinyl reissue but that was a while ago.
Ha! Some of the muppets have great hair! Looking forward to meeting you! : Good thing my hair is like a muppet's today -
They're still talking about his pinky. He iced it all last night...
Want back into the 1st round in #Mockfour ? give us a shout...
; put that ass on child support
Marx brother's duck soup tonight at 730.
There's no point in life if I don't have you.
Good choice! :)
Wizards won, Caps lost. What's wrong with that picture? :/
Omfg. Fml. I have sneezed about 20 times today.
YouTube Favorites ‘Hunter and Bear’ Return for Interactive Time-Tripping Sequel [VIDEO]
I think the only criteria for being an American Apparel model is that you have to be a registered sex offender
You are invited to hotel VQ and the SKYBOX roof-top restuarant over-looking downtown! Great place to be! Contact Tammy
Happy Valentines Day.And munch love to da Schmidt fam aswell.can i get a follow as a valentine gift :)!
There is one for every film.
read my TL. Had some fun this morning
hey thanks for the retweet!
My word... the drama of Champions League this year is LE CRAY.
follow back ??? :D
what happened?:O
I do u never called me :(
Anyone who claims they like the taste of Keurig coffee is dead to me.
#Twitter is a neighborhood bus stop where you mingle. Then you get on the bus.
Why do i always get sick on break
awesome! thankya. looking forward to a blowout #lastnightintown adventure in the lounge
Man, this prohibition against theft is SO OLD!
Quite the scene in front of the Supreme Court today: doctors, brass bands, monks, TV crews. More to dodge on my normal bike route.
The VOICE! ;)
-- You were just ready to receive it girl, I was only a vessel. Smooches!
Rise and Grind Beautiful People #LightsCameraAction - XavierLT. com
Week 11 continues with the #P90X plyometrics workout. Probably one of the toughest workouts in this series.
Sort of like building a map at 1:1 scale?
Hehe also im in the bathroom enjoyin the silence
wat part of GA u in
I buy everything from u guys. Want to give some of ur stuff away for free?
Had so much fun meeting you today! See you soon. :) xo -Allie ( )
Rain delays are the worst!
Of all players to set an example with physical play Lebron chooses little LucasIII..really? It was an example of his b*tch*ssness!!
RIP I miss you. <3
No shit. Do last year's names Mason, Heap, McGahee, Gregg, McClain, Landry, Chester, and Pryce ring a bell? #Ravens have a plan
Not me, but I got a 92% on that test! Did no homework
I can think of worse things.
You know Bruce Wayne, Gandalf & Clark Kent laid down last night & thought "I'd love 2 trade places w/ Dave Grohl, just for like 24 hours"
RT IF JUSTIN BIEBER& MILEY CYRUS ARE REALLY DOING IT...IM CONFUSED O_o
10 years later and I still love Chris Martin.
Best paper to read to get the information needed!
Cool! I would retweet again, but that's voter fraud, right? #GoodLuck wish I could be there when you do win
you at PK?
Most definitely RT : RT the best sleep ever Sleeping Naked >>>>
what's going on?
I know, mee too. & yess, I know. I just don't like the homework I get. D: lol, I get less fangirl time.. which I need. xD
Motherhood is the greatest gift & experience of life. I applaud Mom's who get that & appalled by those who don't. There is no limit to love.
I'm so confused. When I was at NU, Curry and Ryder were administrators. Not buildings. MT ...Renovation plans for #Curry!
this particular fool literally said, "ducks don't have an esophagus." yes they do. how else does food get from its mouth to its stomach?
Scrub my whole body from mud but I always forget my ears
Must.Drink.Caffeine.
Use twitter & proactively follow blogs to develop "virtual" mentors. Easier than you think.
The same people that are threatened by #sxsw 's increasing corporate climate, are the one's who don't support local live music.
At the grizz game with a great friend having a beer or two.
Yeah. I usually watch at home, but I think I have too many friends coming to comfortably sit at my house
Democrats Keep Getting Dinged For Hitting GOP On Women's Health, Loans - NPR (blog)
AMEN! Couldn't have said it better myself
New hair today? Maybe!
The Game kinda upset me.
whatever works buddy.
who is saying that?
hahaha can't wait!
miss my baby </3
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit
hearing that is looking to buy St Margaret's Convent in Roxbury's Fort Hill. Convent been trying to sell since last summer
I though Onew lovers every where would love it too lol
I'm honored to have the endorsement of the San Diego Firefighters and I will proudly be their champion in Sacramento.
What was the point of me going to school today...
I know what I'm doing before Community Day!
Happy Friday Everyone!! WWVC is lining up all of our speakers and sessions for 2012! Its lookin good! Have a wonderful weekend!
and greatest baseball team. #rangers. Sorry Astros.
Among the many highlights from tonight: we got to sing Silent Night to a baby girl who was only a few hours old.
6800 seat sport arena
Two more weeks of school and then one week of finals. I can do this. Maybe.
So mathematically, that makes the 8.2% unemployment rate a JOKE, as it is MISSING so many who are
I dig the tropical flavor ones.
Yup! Send in a pic wheneverr(:
The original cinderella was egyptian and wore fur slippers.
Yeah. I need to get hubby out there to hold coins so I can get both in focus. Will do other things too.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> love you too hot stuff lol I sound like a creep
Police out tonight might be a sign
My last exam for the semester....World Literature 3pm...wish me luck :)
We're experiencing issues with the big image on our home page, but rest assured, we're working on it! Still plenty of new content to read!
Kraft Field could work for year maybe. Capacity is 17K.
Great interior design made in Spain: www.fromspainmagazine.com
Great work !
"For as in Adam all die, so in Christ all will be made alive." - 1 Corinthians 15:22
it's the drink of choice for and me. It can be very refreshing!
Thanks George Washinton, Abe Lincoln and every other US president for giving me a day off!
I want hot Cheetos
This whole Hunger Games thing is about people trying to get Fish Fry during Lent, right???
Happy New Year (I'm in your time zone :))
y what's wrong eunice??
he has taken to napping through the keynotes. We'll see when he wakes up!
rule of thumb (from an American): if the BBC hasn't said anything about Thatcher being dead she's probably not dead
Its preservation week! I'm not sure which of my jobs is the strangest the Masons museum/archive or a chicken museum/archive.
Latin Proverb~ It is easier to pull down than to build up.
oh hey ;D
Did you know that Dolphins can understand the difference between statements and questions...
The State of College Admissions ep. with is another good one for a broad scope.
you are so into me!!! Lol
"I miss you." "I just saw you, what are you talking about?" -
Good morning Lorna! Good evening Pat Wonderful to see you Ladies Thank you for sharing the #SOT info :-)
thanks!!! Much love!!! Hi from MIAMI!!!
Thanks for linking to !
I might have the biggest crush on Jessica Jarrell.
"The great secret, Eliza, is not having bad manners or good manners but having the same manner for all human souls" Prof Higgans, Pygmalian
Thinking about new years eve--bone marrow & foie gras melting over steak, rutabaga gnocchi, parsley sauce...
Been cleaning and Have to cook dinner...Going running later
We sure did!
jimmy! Had a blast with gardell last week, we ate all of south fla. sitting on the beach, Alec baldwin 20 ft away. Cu soon?
you better! Or ill beat you lol jk.. Hows school going!
This place packed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Landed E, connection from B.....oh #Atlanta airport :-)
thank you for the RT and its great to hear from you!
Homerun Chris Johnson! Astros take the lead. What was that, ?
yeah what he said!!! Or the NH!! Ask me what's the NH manny
That should be a goal
aw pickles...fit done hit the shan
Getting ready to speak Truth 2 Power on "Too Much Truth" with Radio Host Derrick Bozeman at 5 2day on 1380 Radio AM tune n
yeah seriously I have a tournament that starts at 6 on Friday hahaha
good news, the Masters has just started finally.
The new trend in Hollywood Tours is using chop-top passenger vans. Tacky! I want to convert a taco truck into a tour bus.
True story; Tim Horton's coffee beans are imported straight from Jesus' backyard.
That is the question of the day?
Impromptu #eatuptweetup at 3rd & Boston for some Who's in? I'm craving some wiener.
Have to go into work today. Bummer. Sundays are supposed to be for relaxing (or procrastinating), right?
hey check us out :] we're to Vegas and the music is very very legit.
I still imagine creeping on me one day and retweeting me, but then again dreaming can't always become reality right?
much better lol
The #3CsConference sounds great! Are you attending?
rough life.
Yes I'm watching #SOTU... I'm a political junkie, why else would I live in DC and work for the fed government?
I just got Dinner for Two at D'Noche! Check out their Daily Offers (left tab)!
Happy #Friday to all our followers! We hope you come by #Paradise Valley Mall to shop with us!
I see him Rollin
When I went to sleep last night all I can think about is
Welcome=D
Will any of your recordings appear on vinyl?
I've used public folders on Mobile Me. However, public links pointing at Dropbox seems like the new way to go...
Great party #jimmy,my brother and sister in law... just getting in the door!
#alsharpton is an idiot. I'd be embarrassed if I had him on my party's side.
Really liking the throwback uniforms the Rangers and Angels are wearing.
u tryna win? Found the tracked out version of so anxious<===
*heads to jerk hut tomorrow* at least until I go home to Boston *greedily grabs Haitian food* Um late night hunger much?
What?!? lol i don't get the whole Eastern time, and Western time thing :/
From now on I'm calling Mr. Herman Cain, 'He-man the Cainanator'
Networking like a mad man tonight with
Review: An interesting mystery, Ioved the way Ten had to try & be true to his Buddhist beliefs while dealing with violence and murder.
idk swim time...??
my New Years resolution is to master beer throwing.
New Secret Life and Make It Or Break It (:
nah. you my bae. lmao baby as long as you got me, you don't need anybody else <U+E022><U+E022><U+E022> *gay moment* lmao
I washed it myself and nana's too yesterday.
Totally. I just can't get over how good it was. And I've been listening to the soundtrack all day. Great music.
What are you feeding her?
You should have a poll for people to vote their favorite :D
off to South Texas College of Law to help swear in the newest members of the #Houston bar!
It really is only bad at our complex. I don't have too many complaints. Just sucks when it cuts out on a recruiter lol
New website should be up this week! Look for great deals on hotel and registration! New divisions and Free Parking!!
oh well that is cool
If VT wants to fire Weaver w. cause, you'd figure his handling of the SG firing gives them the perfect out.
No you'd be splitting them with Mrs. C... and me.
tues works for me! hmm... how about drinks on the patio at fox and hound? it's on 17th and Q and has very strong cocktails :)
Hit up the beach.. played pool at a bar...and tore the club up...#whatanight pontooning tomorrow...
The article listed below has some interesting insights about the national real estate market.
I was literally riding around,
I haven't bit anyone in weeks... unless they really deserved it. What were we talking about? *Squirrel!*
The weather this weekend is supposed to be sunny and gorgeous! Swing by today and get golden!
what about the AND 1 mixtapes with Skip to my Lou and Main Event?
"There are two great days in our lives: the day we are born and the day we discover why." --- John C. Maxwell.
Cursive up!
Right back at you! :) Thank you for the RTs > Have a great day! -- mySA_health ()
GM TO GO HER FOR A MORNING #S/O.
I bees in the trap
not as hilarious as your rectum right now
have to keep an eye on and from KY. As long as they continue to work hard and be coachable!
aw...that's so awesome 2 hear!! It means a lot 2 me, because I try to be a positive influence for others. Every bit helps!
Followed:D
I just went on a great bike ride with ! What a nice day!
my legs are so soft. holy shit.
give me a call about NYE today
Re Santorum's Apple ans.Wrong! The only regulation tht'll bring jobs bck here is repeal of minimum wage. Who's 4 living in abject poverty?
tornado watch for NJ!? veggies take cover!!!
"If you're a bird then I'm a bird." - The Notebook”
No more free macdonalds .
you seem to be confusing khan with the flipped classroom, they are not the same thing.
Want to get a jump on extending the life of your lightbulbs and saving energy? Look this
“: In 2011, it cost 2.41 cents to produce a penny and 11.18 cents to produce a nickel.” it takes money to make money yo
Friday compliment I'm happy to accept. Thanks Ion!
Id prefer the new retina display ._.
My childhood friend and I are no longer on speaking terms...
My husband is convinced something is hidden under the floor and is peeling up the floor boards. What??
Yay for Sal and I being Employee(s) of the Month! And yay for free swag and food!
#oomf needs to stop hating
Haven't heard from you... How are things going?
I'm glad that I can get someone else to do my Crystal Reports work for me. I don't want to contaminate my dev box with it.
Sweet dreams xox
Hahah I love how body parts all have a twitter!(:
Levelland, Plainview, Snyder, everyone in the region, even parts of new mexico, spread the word about sour plains amateur mma !
QR = Quick Response Code
You may not always end up where you thought you were going but you will always end up where your meant to be
Thanks to and for the #FF love! Have a fabulous weekend!
haha. Yeah, it showed where your located at and there's a "dull knife drive" haha.
My brother's flying back home tomorrow morning at 5am. ;-; I'll miss you, dude. Stay gay.
trying it right now. "ask someone for their favourite building" bartender...? Busy being antisocial reading a novel in public.
Designing a new website for Confidence-Fitness.com - should be live very soon.
lol im at pizza now on 56
You too? Seems the whole crew has come down with something. Still recording shows, though.
HI! Today's birthday! Can you wish her happy birthday?(:
YES! : Life is delighted to bring you The Unexpected. Are you delighted to receive it?
Attention last minute Xmas shoppers: it is a jungle out here
did you love it ?
Looking so sexy 2day!
Here we go again. When Bears got Cutler, everyone started the SB talk. It is already starting with the acquisition of Marshall.
I think "w/Dickens too" should go at the end of all course descriptions.
maybe one day soon. I'll let you know!
Commercial clients - we are available for Tenant Improvement work. Estimates, hourly work, negotiated, etc. Call us at 505-379-2763
What the world needs is people who have come alive. COME ALIVE!!!!
RT And people are actually watching the NFL draft over this // That's called eschewing the Immediate for the important...
We believe there are a set of steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
Scott Brooks (Thunder coach) looks like he could be your dad. Look alike
Went over my online progress testing. Goal was 216 got 227 :) woohoo!
you are my dream. there's not a thing i won't do, i'll give my life up for you. cause you are my dream. <3
. so Travolta wanted to play Sweathog with his Swordfish but had a Blow Out. Now there's a Civil Action.
Ugh listening to my sister sing<<<<<<<<<<
Me and my bro need to have a session a.d catch up
PokerStars new "Zoom" game allows you to see/play the most hands in a given length of time.
I have followed Earl Nightingale since the 70's. His family and company was fantastic. www.OnlineRehabClinic.com
oh :) you're too good to me.
Chin-chin.
The Beastie Boys led an entire generation into the world of hip hop, where they might otherwise have never gone. RIP Adam Yauch.
that's horrible!! People these days are so freakin' selfish. If you ever need anyone to talk to I'll be here. I'll listen.
Spent the evening at Home Depot with Ed and he survived admirably. :-)
#CountryFloors introducing new Green recycled glass tiles made here in North America. Odyssey Glass launching
and stuff back at you
but you do sort of look like Adina Howard.
hey my Cameroon camrade, hope your event went well!
Another hour until I'm home ... and I can start writing!! My fingers are restless this afternoon.
Man i cant get one kill on this shit
The jetlag won...
I just saw the older you I swear. >.<
might be worth looking into... There are lots of books full of quotes in the bookstore. They can't have permission for all?
haaha omg thank u id how i would thank u
Right?! Might just have to be my birthday present to myself, lol
What is good out there on friday morning???
Trying to win the praise of , high expectations! Still think I can teach him a thing or 2
I want your sweatshirt for Christmas :)
Come away with me
Dear Microsoft word, I'm pretty sure I spelled my name correctly.
well, I could get you a shot at the mold tech job on 2nd if you want to re think it.
thank you very much. I love your photos and #peoplewatchingwithladyglock . You make some great observations.
Birthday Coming : )
In Saint Paul. Seeing "It's complicated" tonight. Laptop acting up - can't sense wireless signals. Figures.
You're so close to 1000!!!!!<3
hello fuckn yea
Imma give this new Adam sandler Andy samberg movie a shot
lol I hate those songs
Literally crying because of how scared i am of driving >,_,< that looks like a vampire, but it's supposed to be crying
It is moments like these that highlight the #Brewers lack of offense. Last night seems to have been the exception.
Yes!! A smart woman knows this!
And I am not reporting from the south, or in a church.
It's great to have you back here. G and I will dust off the hide-a-bed for you. We can put you up in the basement.
I hate that feeling of saying goodbye to someone you just wanna spend every minute with.
what other new movies u seen?
I don't think I make him happy
.. feel free to follow us. daniella - & pilar - thans TrueBieberFans. you guys are the best! (:
As a friend of OpalBar you are invited to the the Knicks vs 76ers game on March 21st!
you mean like field goal kickers can miss a 30 yard kick? Same thing - ball ain't movin.
Come into COA & check out our great specials all freshly made by Chef Alex! Buen Provecho!
he has a 3.90 mullet.
When cooking for a holiday dinner it can be a challenge--just cook from scratch--you control the ingredients and the calories.
RT : Seattle, are YOU ready to rock out this summer? #WineRocks July 11th!
Okay so basically i guess i have crazy eyes and my face is weird. k. Thanks for that confidence boost.
Are you going to ? We are! Vote for SmartVAN for Most Valuable Tech & grab a Lefty at the job fair
RT RT!!": The Lucky One looks AWFUL"
Work in progress
What are you looking for?
please let me know if we look bored and disinterested at our booth. We are ecstatic about what we r doing today :D
& - Thanks for the RT on the Jantzen Beach photo!
love you beautiful<3 & i know its already a year?!
Pix of trash left on Mall reminded me of visiting a pow-wow ground the day-after... considered a sign of successful celebration.
Why is it that I can't write a song for months and then write 8 songs in 2 days? 4 new guitar tunes, 4 piano. No Christmas themed...
Thanks for following!
Bout to go get my hoop on come ball
why was she even wearing those panties in the first place they were ugly
I just wish I could get by with telling certain people to "F" off. Some people just really need to be told "F" off!
Would only cost like $38.. “: CC Broiler and Shakes Pizza leftover lunch, they should hook up & build a steak & pizza combo
Thanks for the #FF, always appreciated.
I don't like having to leave when SportsCenter has stories I want to hear coming up.
Fresh tattoo! Jesus. Each time when that needle first hits I think"Why do I keep doing this again??" Lol
a surefire sign that your organization is ineffective: “...everybody and nobody is accountable for nothing.” - anonymous nokia employee
Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong.
I don't even know what it is lol
ahaha its fine. and yeah i see lol, you should text me 515-971-0378 :]
please follow ? :)
my notification is blowing up!!
It's OK to "remember that another day alive is a good day" while you're at work. Make it 2 for 2.
Having a -ovascular workout tonight in Scottsdale. WARNING: I might lie to unsuspecting ladies! (I'm 6ft4in!!!!)
nice pick! I saw heart in concert with journey & foreigner last summer made it to my top concerts list.
Need one Warrior Dash number for the Saturday May 22 race in Georgia. Anybody have one that you want to sell?
Nice. Looking forward to it. Will be my first time seeing him w/ his own band. Other 2 times were with Mickey Hart Band.
that's cute
It is so hot.. Im forreal about to die.
This one guy is flipping out and somehow its all Bysmas fault.
A little rough around the edges never hurt anybody. I don't even remember Ariel's dude. I think I'll call him Prince Boring.
Thanks so much Ali Chen! :)
Player A, what are your goals this year: "The same as last year: Finish 9-3, and make the playoffs!" (Wait, you are hoping to lose thrice?)
#FF amazing community partners who help make a difference in our community: , , ,
That's a great thing! Nice to see you here. I hope you are returning to normal.
Target head terms with SEO. Use SEM to target long-tailed keywords.
Im highly pissed about that lost.....But its cool still #TeamHEAT all the way
hate on me lataaa
#AhShit just got #Stung by a fucking
It's done already?
Have not been feeling well all weekend. Feel like shit.
oh my bad don't let me 4get, EVERYBODY'S INJURED,GTFOH,LMMFAO. they must have a year spand of injuries..lmao
Everyone on stage!
Good news: baby sleeping well tonight. Bad news: she (once again) gave me her cold and now I'm up coughing like a freak.
Could you put in a call to the "Democratic Nominee" for us? He's not responding...
Made a quick cameo on on William Balfour verdict.
because you are awesome!
I have the best grandma ever! :)
RT : What are the 16 Habits of Successful Entrepreneurs? Find out in our Webinar Today at 2pm w/ :...
R.E.D. Album? No? I thought you people liked that...
Got a follow from Jimmie Rodgers today. Unverified account, so am thinking it might not be the real guy.
I have 17
a self serve frozen yogurt place. Hahhah.
Phoebe [10] dourly summarizes the college girls fawning over the (woefully tiny!) amt of Jason Wu goods at Target:"They don't get out much."
I like to keep my issues drawn..its always darkest before dawwwwwnnnnnnn.......
-yawns- i think i'm gonna take a nap later.. i feel really.. jet laggy. xD
Taco heaven! Babe did the damn thing...
Did you go to Germaine's Luau? So much fun!
Happy Hump Day! I'm glad it feels like spring today instead of yesterday's winter.
but people don't look down on you about it.
is to
Hoping to bring forth a human! But, as goals go, it's not one I have much say in. :P
You still comn home spring break?
aw thanks nikki!! Love you!!
have to get on a 16 hour flight tomorrow :/ at leasts they are two separate flight
Filling out paperwork for my leased 2012 cooper hardtop! Beep beep! I pick her up Tuesday :D
You have to be FIRM, but FAIR. Keep your dancers in check, otherwise they will walk all over you.
Count de Grisley 1799 --- 1st magician to perform the trick of sawing a woman in half
Back to work for me. Lots to do to get this thing up and going. Thanks again to everyone who is helping.
at That Camp doing a ten minute tutorial on for digital tools
Don't forget Mother's day special this Saturday Free Wine testing 7:pm and Dinner special !
I know, I know. I hear hot pockets are good, but I've never had those either.
Award winners: James E. Ward Library Instruction Award: Leslie Adebonojo; Frances Neel Cheney Award: Rebecca Tolley-Stokes
I wanna go to someone's graduation <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Cummings: the GOP Majority has put legislation on the floor today that would take billions of dollars out of the pockets of fed workers
Good job on the freestyle MVP speech! Way to rock those blue skinny jeans, too...
Did ricky lose that number, or did he use it when he felt better? I want answers!
i love watching u on ant farm u always make me laugh! cant wait to watch u 2nite!
Awesome night w/ Justin, Mike, Jared, Bethany, Vanessa, Pablo, Jake, and Josh. :)
If you haven't failed at least once in the last week, you're doing it wrong. Why are you playing it so safe?
you're just jealous
Rock back and forth, too. That helps.
You know you're being healthy when after a night of drinking you hit up a 24hr and get a grilled chicken salad at 2am.
I remember the days when had less than 5,000 followers and his name was JeverJuice. Now everyones all bitchy.
barely got in on it,seeing Bills Vmpire sugstion for MR,I would find real pics that have that"hint" abt him betcha there r some
Wow, I feel blessed to be in this music video. I've been here all day, but I've learned so much about behind the camera what a day.
I'd tend to agree, but my sense is most survey respondents wouldn't be able to differentiate between types of Internet sources.
send it to
I'll thank you in advance --hope it treats you right!
girl, yes!
I don't how that your s year younger or in a different grade, your beautiful, in every way, I don't care what people say.
Be careful what you say, nasty words are hard to forget... Be careful what you see, what the eyes see, the brain takes a picture of
Loved it too, Jay. A manly bearded adventure. Walter Hill had to have been a big influence to Carnahan.
makin my family proud #that fire
In the Palace Theatre - really busy and a great turn out for Last Night At the Proms! Twinning rocks!
Look forward to seeing you there! Get ready to sweat!
haha o I'm on my way
finalizing details for the CD Release... save the date Friday August 28th
Nice. Fight the impulse to run out on the court. Happens when you're sitting that close to the action.
Widener Library at Harvard is named after a young man who perished on the Titanic. I spent hours in those stacks and didn't know.
that's still pretty damn cool. one of these days, i'll be one of those musicians she discovers on youtube, haha.
oh I already know!!!
Look at our modern inspiration - Alexis Cohen!
Oh no!!!! Were they stylish at least? Tell me they were fashion forward!
lol yes I did , I had 4 got how good it was!!!
it can do that to u.
I was going to back off now I'm not.
hey cutie ws up wit knowing u
Somebody I think who should be more mainstream is Lola Monroe... She could be up there with Nicki, honestly!!
Thank god ! Guys can't see ladies boners
Signin you guys up at the library right MEOW!
good game tell ur sis the same
Yeah, I get a little earlier next week. Should be a good game against 's Swans.
Aw shiiiiiiit, that was meant to be a RT!
That shower >>>
I am due another adventure.
sitting here on facebook
Oh my goodness. I would. Delicious! :-) MT Seriously? Who's buying macaroons after Passover? Even at 50% off!
There's like 3-4 different Vash and Wolfwood figures, but I got McFarlane and Kaiyodo only. The Revoltech ones are nice, but tiny.
Yea boy u like it, yea boy u like it, love it wen u talk that talk to me yea!
Big push to crack down on investment fraud schemes today. Were you, or do you know a victim? Let me know...
Good race car drivers could find shave a tenth of a second, but great race car drivers could shave a half a second or more
I <3 you back(;
Woo hoo! RT : did you hear? Scandal got renewed for Season 2!
She got that fire !
I Love God But...I keep Sinning...#AndRepenting!!
I'm supposed to be in the bathroom right now. You owe me, dude. Now get to butler!! You can still come late!
Start preparing for Mother's Day with all your Eyecessories in hand!
I'm obsessed with painting my nails. <3
Follow BlueMonster on twitter and stay updated:
San Diego Family Law needs major overhaul too!Children deeply hurt with unjustice.
that dude is fast! Need a a fire extinguisher to put out the turf!
I have a constitutional right to make dead baby jokes. If I tell one to the CEO, I might get fired.
Come in today and get 50% off your first three months for 10x10, 10x15, and 10x20 drive-up units!
I'm going with they are so overwhelmed with entries, they haven't been able to scan mine for approval yet. Good luck to you!
Keren, I keep meaning to come to a Foodportunity event! Everyone raves about it :D
It's just "one of those days", she says while shaking her head in disbelief......
Damn this sports marketing class
The #preppers are crazy. All prepping for different pandemics.
almost as hard to find as beer flavored beer!!
I knooowww! I've been craving a good salad for a while but I don't know where to go to get the ultimate fulfillment lol
I got soul, but Im not a soldier. Lets do this peeps.
Last day! $100.00 off Web Design and Ecommerce packages + a $50.00 gift card.
Off-roading in the bug. YEAH!
Interesting how these suspensions don't even hurt the Saints. They hurt the Packers and the Browns the most.
might go to sleep early !!
I can spot a stank whore from a mile away. Smh U look good, got a hefty rack but I'm STR8888!! U got miles on u!!
i feel like i've deserted my twitter cause i barely get on here any more ): im so ready for summer!
Omg I'm so tired -__- but can't sleep. Fcking #Insomnia grr. I guess I'll just take my clothes out for 2morrow xD
Wish i was on the beach right now with a bottle of wine
Does anyone realize gas is TWELVE cents cheaper in Seymour?
Come on, TGIF means: "Thank God I'm Funny", Duh :)
DeVante Designz Charitys, will be hosting a telethon for Make a Wish Fund sept 7th.
STOP JUST STOP! Not tryin to mess with him
#ReasonsWhyImADirectioner impossible to name the reasons in one tweet!
hahaha! I know I love him
so excited to meet you in person next week!
He was a bold man who first swallowed an oyster. James I
great pitch sequencing; going soft early and hard late
and hed kill me if his phone went off..
RT : Hello my talented HB friends! Hilton Chicago is looking for an Event Floor Manager / Blue Coat. apply!
so much to do, as usual. but busy on the reference desk takes priority :-)
oh so familiar
why thank you! We love you too! And I've been taking voice lessons, ya heard??
Dropped my laptop on my face, and now I have a bloody cut on my forehead. Good morning.
rolling car out of winter storage & going for a ride. sunny and mid 50's in milwaukee. i'll take it. nothing to do and all day to do it...
Visited yesterday for their soft opening. Great people and great beers. Can't wait to pour some here. Congrats guys!
I know someone who would probably buy any Highlander you may have. Buddy of mine is a manager of a FLGS who loves dead games.
Exactly LOL #Tebow always gets the headline whether it's Brady, Manning, whoever...Denver's loss
I miss that so much..
Pretty nice
Chocolate covered strawberries and sex.
where is yo studio
ohh what kinda dream ;-) miss u too boo boo
Was that your wife I saw in that GIF?
Carol it was great to hear from you! How is Australia? Are you pinning much these days?
Xjnzajajdksnsbahsusjabvshajzhas just let me go to the bathroom?
Translation: "we will ever respond to this report, and you should just stop trying" lol
Price: National museums should be places where old and new sensibilities are held up to the most brilliant of light.
ok,will do!:)
#thanks to for
ELLEN - Congratulations, The Kennedy Center announced that she will be awarded the Mark Twain Prize in DC later this year
a sexy beast! And a singer, he's down to earth, he really knows how to treat girls.(: *just pointing that out*(:
Want a good laugh? Go to our website www.thepenguinrevolution.com and go to our bio. The pics of the band members will have you crying!
no!!! We love you! Congratulations and thank you for the wonderful report on , you brought many people to us.
Very interesting. RT : Viewers of scripted TV are more tuned in until commercial breaks; different for reality programs
just put on the lion king soundtrack when getting into his car
ohh my ryan :*
The show is great. Perfect concept. More please!
look what you guys started!
happy holidays to you too!!!
Burgers and dogs on the GAS grill tonight, slightly different than what we're used to but tasted good
Thanks for the re-tweet!!
it was good stuff.
Enter His gates w Thnksgivin Enter His courts w praise n if u're lookin 4 the Lord He's n the Holy place!
Always great to meet with someone who understands the power of Recruitment Branding.
March turns south on Des Plaines. Speaker gives call to remember Haymarket Martyrs. Moment of silence.
Appreciate you always including us, thanks!
ahh mypyramid.gov lovingly lobbied for by our friends in corporate agro business
I once blew out someone's amp playing this very record on their turntable and cranking it up to10,
Whats mine is mine.
haha I guess so believe what u want lol
Goin back to sleep got a party to do in alittle but tonight you can catch me spinning live at bar be there jersey music all night
Enjoyed "Maldito Amor" by Gary Hobbs on Pandora
I do too I actually hate that it's broken down into "events"... It's not for the fanatic anymore ;)
Don’t forget to stop by Cricket Wireless from 11-1p with Sara!
Need advertising for 2012? with Greater Charlotte Biz Magazine is the place! We just signed an annual advertising placement.
Tattoos & snapbacks. sunflower seeds and bottled water.!
Thank you to everyone for all your support and loyalty! I am truly humbled by the overwhelming support and excitement I received!
really, people in the park? you're gonna sing 4 non blondes & indigo girls? it's not 1994. (& I'll stick with Brahms, thanks)
Just got some sandwiches from downtown, and the buns were rock hard! Had to throw them out. Are they seriously serving this?
Reverend Charlie Cox raises their hands in victory as they stand over the fallen Mike Quackenbush and Colt Cabana.
Alright guys we're headed back to Georgia! Vid is having technical probs, workin on it! Sorryguys :(
‘The Last Temptation’ remains relevant
What are you looking for? Acoustic singer songwriter stuff or more funky full band?
Thurs, May 17 = nice weather (dine outside), #Italian food, #live music on our patio & the Pacers game at 7pm. Reservation: (317) 264-3585
People feeling low makes me sad... Um, Octi is from Peru, and my human got it in a special craft shop here. Octi, my bud!
I swear people pull the randomest shit out of thier asses and make "holidays" out of it. happy national pretzel day???
I need to do a tour of those. Haven't really taken advantage of any of them yet :)
"I don't care if you support me or oppose me, I'm going to stand up for what's good for the taxpayer," says
Here at the Oracle-Google trial. Judge Alsup begins by saying that journalists will be allowed to use the restroom today.
I see somebody finally started using his twitter. Lol.
Happy to have power again!
Smooth Sailing all through the evening...looking forward to Junina!!
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:(2
A guy just got hit in the head with a golf ball at the TPC. Luckily fans rarely get hit in the head with bowling balls at PBA events.
RT : Hoping GoDaddy has a terrible day, but I wish this had been the response to sexism and animal cruelty, too.
im working tell midnight tonight mayne. but tomorrow night has weird all over it!
Looking forward to it!
#VegasSpringSocial sounds like so much fun! Will def be there :)
Nope, just worried burnt orange, blue and black are the new battleship grey
RT : Brilliant. RT : Let's move Presidents Day two weeks early and celebrate it the day after the Super Bowl.
Trying to get our new #author's first #cozy #mystery out asap! Just waiting on cover! Cozette says "Meow! Be patient!"
Be super nice ESPECIALLY TO AL. And then ask her tomorrow :3 Seriously, if she wants to talk to my mommy about it she can!
bro what you doing?
Beautiful weather for Freshman Day! Cheers to all our accepted students.
r u a boy!
coroner's official on why office is rare subject of outside scrutiny: that would mean delving into death...
s/o to the homey for having the best avi of the year lol.
Hate This Country Ass Town Yo!
Wall Streetcar Named Desire
That's not how an adult is supposed to act..you get lost you find your way! Smh and she had the nerve to start cussing while I was listening
did he really say "Lin-describable" you are the most "in-teresting man in the world.
I just unfollowed a bunch of ppl for the IQ DM spam. They should leave that quiz crap on Facebook-don't bring it to Twitter!
yeah. I still squeak. A lot. I miss how much our table appreciated my squeaks. Haha. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I'm worried about the returned favor ;-)
still needing a date Stacy?
Seeing dead baby jokes just made my night thank you
Toney Clemons staying in the black & gold from Valley High School, to Colorado University, to Pittsburgh Steelers
This is life, not heaven. You don't have to be perfect
I talk a little bit about in this piece on the dreaded Mad Men in the LARB - thought you might be interested!
Don't you hate when you like someone's status , then they wanna inbox you right afterwards ?
somehow I believe you!
i wonder if will ever notice us...
Life is good!! RT : chillin in a cabana poolside at skybar Las Vegas.. this is the life!!!
I need quotes to follow me, follow me :)
Hey if you're at #Equineaffaire would love to say hi and talk Social Media. Stop by C605 I'm in Aaron Ralston's booth
Just Taste It! Go get 'em Peggy
thanks for the shout out! Great job!
I hate when I read texts wrong .....
2-0 Tampa Bay all because of this pitcher. Switch him already!!
I miss my brother </3
Lakers won. But it's ok because I know OKC will kick their motherfucking ass hard just like they did to Dallas!! So who's laughing now!!!
Sometimes I look in the mirror and wonder, All that money I spent on beauty products and this is the best it gets?
Hey, Mom, guess what?
follow back :)
No work till Monday! Yuh buddy
Dude I'll take it :)
why did you tweet me that video? Haha
Alex Gonzalez hurt on a steal to second. Trainer working on his knee.
I'm still at my hotel &in looking @ map it's a bit of a hike. It's cutting it to close I think. Perhaps next time. Bet dd having good time
appreciate ya for the retweet.
Just FYI, I changed my Tumblr URL from 1Dundergroundrailroad to neverendingniall.tumblr MAKE SURE YOU'RE FOLLOWING neverendingniall! :D
watching the McLaughlin Group....I feel like I just stepped into the 90s.
The only Birthday present I want is for all my followers to vote for me for the MLL All-Star Game!! Please
Anyone trying to plan a friends birthday party?
Here we go #Brewers!
seriously? we Vancouver Directions have been waiting for a concert and almost got it, but no u have 2 go to Toronto again.>:(
LMAOO my mom is to excited to use her gift.
(Craft beer) "advertising modifies the course of people's daily wants."
i can be nice .... when i want to be
WOW! RT : A bride-to-be asks her bridesmaid to remove her dental braces for wedding photos. Today on
Is the Lincoln-Reagan Dinner starting at 7PM ? I thought it was at 6PM.
Monday and Tuesday are both sold out! Tickets are now only available for our extended performances: 6/17, 6/21, and 6/22. Booya!
Sky Lounge Down Town Phoenix Presents: "SHAMAN" in concert, TODAY,Friday 2nd. St. & Washington. Doors open @ 9p.m. Drinks Specials!
hey works for me!
Geez, man, let up on the poor guy. To call him a liar, you have to accept the idea that he thinks poor people are people.
Friday at last! Have a great sexy weekend.
Gosh, I hope so! haha :) It's like three jobs sometimes.
go take care of that
MT : 10 days until Opening Day. 8 mins to Miller Park. 8am tailgate on our patio begins. $5 breakfast specials. $2 PBRs, Bloody.
Dear NYC, you know I love you - but if you don't warm up soon, I may have to cheat on you. You've been warned.
East or West Village? Cuz, you know... I know people. ; )
I love Chasing Amy!!! cc
Just attempted to recall a book from myself. A sign that I have too many library books, or of dissertation-related precognition?
and I believe that was with no cap?!
I no the feeling <U+E108>
Uh Oh! But I am sure he will come out on top of this situation! ; ) Happy Birthday to you!
Hi, China plz follow me i have much to tell and ask you.
It's okay. Kelly is the coolest rock star you'll ever meet.
SENIOR ELITE HIT and THEY WON. GET OVER IT. Instead of dwelling on what you CANT CHANGE, focus on next season. And do your best to win.
God can and God will
#PrayForMike my friend got hit by a car please pray for him
Planning objective definition of #hacker theme soon. Have audio material recommendations?
The dead need love too LMAO: You know we coasting when corpse Bibby and Waterboy Toney are in the game”
Favorite Love Song : Stole My Heart (1D).
Join us for games and more at This is not a Book Club at Main on March 20th at 4pm. Ages 8-11. Pre register online or call 282-4607.
swirls and twirls
I just got home. Have an iv of coffee ready for me in the am!
What's love got to do with it? Who needs a heart when a heart can be broken.
I bet Justin Bieber's best musical accomplishment will be providing the soundtrack in hell
#TastemakerKS Just make great music! Period! You can transcend any category of music! Good music touches everyone, dont get it twisted!
Why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap?
RT : 2 more B-stations to be installed today! Denver Public Library - Main Branch & 1350 Larimer St.
Thanks. Have a great weekend :
We have the best job ever.
Loved the game at the time, but unsure if I'd come back to it...unless it was completely overhauled and the puzzles were new.
I SWEAR you piss me off sometimes but I still love you
I hate guys! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
RT : “By creating compelling content, you can become a celebrity.” – Paul Gillin
best picture!
well nice to meet or re-meet you!
#that1friend who wants to drink out of your straw and eat off of your plate after giving dome
Michele Obama expected @ Washington Nationals game tonight to honor military families
yeh I know lace is in but if he wears those damn bedazzled pilgrim shoes one more time!
Hello, fluff!
truly amazed how satisfying taking a spiritual drink soothes my soul.
So many people seem to stalk 's page, i wonder if he stalks anyones page. haha (:
Fear + Lack of Knowledge = The abilityt to manipulate.
yes. I am not but others are!
The Washington Declaration on IP and the Public Interest: infojustice.org/washington-declaration thoughts?
hey Hun. How has my Hedo Jamacia roomy been? Follow Back
Get out more! Middle age is when you're sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isn't for you. O Nash
loving on his wife at Funky Buddha last night #GoodThingsInTheWorld (made me go aw)
I want you to miss me like I'm missing you.
no. I didn't say that...
I'd say when you get here, try out our tour first! Louie's Demise, our Amber Ale, is my favorite
#askaustin its 11:11 and i wish u could DM me!! And thats my wish too!(:
truely was. I've missed him.
“Control your own destiny or someone else will.” - Jack Welch
Snails, clams, snails, clams, snails, clams, snails, clams, snails, clams, snails.....
With all these canidates doing ads and hating on each other, I'd like to see a pro hater take the stage... where u at?
RT : “Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.” - Jim Ryun
Of course there's a lot of knowledge in universities: the freshmen bring a little in; the seniors don't take much away
If you dont have a mobile version of your website you are loosing customers. Http://www.zesmo.com has an easy to use mobile website builder
Ryan's cool and stuff, follow him: twitter.com/ryansfresh
The verdict is my date! But to your point, it was a draw, which is a huge testament to both food and sunset. Thank you.
#Swag Bought me a new fitted, currently at the
The only person that can stop you is yourself!
Learning more about social media. It is a fun journey
screw the tape, what about super glue?
I think it's only marginally better.
Everyone just started flipping the fuck out, out of nowhere lmao
RT : Who wants to bring me swedish fish, sour patch kids or some other yummy candy?
booked three modeling jobs in one day! IM ON A ROLL!
OK...two and a half weeks is plenty 'o time to eat Halloween candy. I'm digging into the 9 yr olds stash!
I'm actually impressed with the CVS Minute Care. Super nice and super quick.
Negotiating a gig for my band next year.
Hey, I am so sorry to hear that. dm me your address and we will get one there! Thanks for the heads up.
I love Rosie. I hope she's on more episodes. do the right thing, !
Trying to figure out what to wear for our #CincodeMayo party this Saturday at the Debating on #Zorro or #ChiquitaBanana!
#NP Rack City Cover- Weaving The Fate
oh snap!
Tip of the day: if youre a broke artist then alls you got to do is create beautiful priceless art and slap a pricetag on it.
how did you hold it up long enough to take the picture?
Bubba doesn't tell us what to do.just because your leader tells you to fuck with people that you have nothing to with classy not
Annoyed...he makes me come in here to do nothing... YOURE ANNOYING!
the death ray is said to have melted plastic newspaper bags and even cups
I had the time of my life on november 8th! I met the boyz n I gave mikey a hug =)
Stay tuned folks! Pants Dance should be coming up next!
my favorite Game of Thrones link is up, time to head on home
and learn how to write a sentence...
Mistletoe? Oh no! POLL QUESTION: what should Kliff's mistletoe actually be made of?
idek why i let you get to me anymore..</3
Do u like or dislike Matt Hardy?
Lots recos for Skillet. But only had the food snob response :)
Just a few more hours till we set it OFF on Fridays @ Colony!!! I don't think they know who they just brought on board MWAHAHAHA!!
Need help managing your finances ?
Fucking shit, I forgot my headphones.
Met a wonderful florist named Lisa today. If you are looking for a florist that is passionate about floral arrangements, message me.
wow...you are really pumped about this movie aren't you?
girl, island lIfe don't worry they go to bed by 6pm.
Congrats on your recent #BestofBoston I caught your cute commercial with Eric Roseff this weekend too!
#Trifling wen a nigga dump a female b4 Christmas and have a new boo on Christmas z
"You build a successful career, regardless of your field of endeavor, by the dozens of little things you do on and off the job."
Oh, that's low down, Betty.
Seder with my friends Inna and Anna in belgian restaurant in the city.
yes I was quiet yesterday. Long day of work & errands.
Thanks for the follow Ryan Gargiulo (PauseTheMoment)! :)
I admire your spunk and heart. thank you for making me laugh n smile when i had thought i lost the will. #bbhlove is healing!
I Hope Today Goes Well
Bed soon.
Pray 4 my mom she is in surgery...TY
Any Good TV Series look Interesting in the Fall worth watching?
I Love Seeing My Mom Play With My Daughter At The Park... It's Makes Me Remember The Days She Use To Play With Me...
"As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe #quote for month of April, hello May!
Dogs actually taste way better if you strap them to a car for a while first. Brings out the flavor. We can be One America on this
thanks so much for the #FF!! i'm so new to twitter and just looked up what it is :) have a great weekend!!
So Drake was on campus yesterday? BUMMER! I really missed out!
Good morning!
Just spotted at the CVS in Shockoe Bottom. Unsurprisingly, he was standing in the hair care section.
Good, hockey is over! Of course baseball and soccer start in a couple of days.
Wow, how interesting! An investment in Rosetta Stone may be in order.
Yeah you're down by 32 and Kobe is taking the rest of the night off cause he is a selfish prick. Maybe pass it sometimes
What's your biggest motivation to run?
Once I complete p90x im going to do insanity. I better look insanely good upon completion :)
If RNG goes home i WILL start crying!:(
i want some food..
The new consumer is untethered and hyper-connected says
LeBrick got away with a huge shove on that tip in.
Yes you do. I've been watching. I'm sure it's appreciated. Can't believe the crap she takes
Ordering iPhone cases >>
I hear you. Whole thing is still unclear, the biggest issue there, I think, is the "stand your ground" law, which permits this.
I'm 5'4 and the guy Im supposed to smash is 5'10 hehe but I'm be in tennis shoes
YAY! :) see ya soon!
I greatly appreciate the RT!
in other words, the data doesn't fit his theory?
Wish i was in Boston for patriots day/marathon Monday :(
thanks! Does it come with any perks?
Need to promote your company? name? band? Let Siren Promotions help!
I really wanna watch the lorax but 2 out of the 5 don't wanna watch it -.-
I'm have to jump on the pre-sale ticket before its to late for Chicago car show. Need inspiration onto my sedan g35.
We aren't having any issues. It could be too large of a file size -- try a small file! Hope it helps.
Oh crap! A cop just smashed into a taxi on cap hill. Anyone witness?
* does tootsie roll down your TL *
#CreativeCloud i kno the patch tool
We have agreement that it's not always possible to find a copyright owner, or if you do, it's a beginning not an end
is your tebow-induced self exile from twitter nearing its end?
I know you like musicals! I'm in one this weekend at Lakeside HS in ATL, GA. I'll pay for your ticket if you come:) be there?
You're fab! I'm glad you enjoyed the vids! I always appreciate you're positive energy! Have a ridiculously fun Friday!
Also,quality matters.If we regularly give DELICIOUS food/media options kids will learn to taste the difference! Teach kids!
Hey guys! Milky Joe made fresh Pina Colada today!! Come on down and make your CoCo LoCo!!!!!
#Dallas finally has some ice. Looks like it's going to be a stationary #bike or #treadmill sort of day.
Marketers using celebrities in promotions are 7x more likely to be shared - David Shing, AOL
Praise the AC
it’s easy for someone to joke about scars, when they’ve never been cut.
I actually get to see the Brewers play tonight because they are playing the Reds
Today is a snuggle-up-and-read kind of day. My kitty agrees.
Sad MacBook Story: A client of has been back 3 years in a row in the month of April with a broken #MacBook LCD on the same unit.
Hello, sunshine!!!
Our Light on Tiffany Concert Series continues this Thurs. 6/16 @ 6pm w/Classical music of the 20th century. FREE with museum admission.
I might have to go back to the Cleveland Museum if Art to experience their interactive touchscreens in person.
Taking a break. What a week!
Your girlfriend is rated "E" for Everyone.
thank you! (:
I put myself n da worse situations & ask myself why later signed HELP ME!
I always enjoy marking defensive indifference on a scorecard. No good reason.
YES!! YARD SALE AND BAKE SALE
I See Watchu Mean By Your Shit Is dead Lol
in the middle of Vargas Llosa's The Bad Girl, a thoroughly enjoyable novel about obsessive love and life and times in the 50s, 60s & beyond
Yes it is a big deal, but it's definitely not something to freak out about.
orange chicken!!(:
RT : A round man cannot be expected to fit in a square hole right away. He must have time to modify his shape. Mark Twain
Happy New Year Bison! Thank you for making our founding year (2011) a great success! Howard Football 2012 Unstoppable!
cryying. :'( this movie always gets to me </3 love you justin <3 you always make me smile <3 I can't believe I was at #MSG ?!
Toby and I had a little tussle earlier. Ahaha. A teeny one.
It's the second time it's happened to me haha
Are you happy today? If yes, pass it on....give someone a smile today!
...you mean more junk in the trunk?
Tara Costa just got on the bike
The conventional wisdom is that our foreign policy is hunky dory when it is in fact its opposite, dory hunky.
just call me the stylist...doin highlights tonight
They are so young and innocent... I really don't like it
YEAH!!!! I helpd Burnie cocktailing fer 1st Industry Sun,but then did Green Lantern 4 two weeks. I will b back Sun 4 sho!
I spent some time in ICU with my oldest when she was an infant. I understand completely.
Crazy traffic news per twitter; are there really TWO auto-train collisions in Austin?
Miles Dixon (6'2 G) from Blinn took a visit to Wright State this weekend. Will get more info on his recruitment when we get back in the Gym
Use close-up images on Facebook
most boring xmas ever
New phone
hopefully its not me!
S/O to the big homie ..A young nigga stayin focused on the grind. It's only a matter of time
what's this I hear about a pride party at your apt? Whatever I heard, I know I'm bringing a lot of booze ;)
got u on the follow back Gully! Let us know if u need promos! We want u to be heard beynd Brooklyn! 410.513.9199
omfg don't be whiney. It's Tuesday. Do you need me to get permission from your wife?
"These are the keys; they will let you back in."--the complete sentence I say to myself with "awareness" when I have been drinking.
happy birthday.
Next time I cut out eyes in a painting to watch people from behind the wall, I'll use a portrait instead of a landscape
Just talked to an old lady in the DMV for 10 minutes about my tattoos.
Niggas will throw a relationship away for some pussy, that's some sad shit that you willing to ruin what you have for some temporary bitch .
channeling my inner JLo
Hmm don't know if i should get highlights or dye my hair black...
Work time!
slut, i fucking miss you. we used to be so close
No you busted your ass!!!!RT : By the way that wasn't a slip; I was imitating Punk the Drunk. I never make mistakes u wannabes...
RT : Every time someone says, "Content is king!", a kitten rips the wings off an angel. With its teeth.
Love Mary Stewart's work! RT : And it turns out Mary Stewart is very much alive at 96. How wonderful.
how was trinni boo this morning?
#phillies come out of nowhere to sign cliff lee. Unreal pitching staff for the Phils. WOW
#ThanksPaulForBabysittingOurHomosexuals......that's cute!
RT IF YOUR ON<3 FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW EVERYONE BACK(:
Been waiting the longest to c hunger games n still ain't seen it :/
It's So Sad. I Have Small Boobs & A Small Butt!!! &I'M HALF BLACK!!! Ppl Say I Have a Cute Butt (Not Gonna Lie) But Seriously I Need More!!!
video up soon
I am!
All this coming from a vegetarian
": #Leos don't have an attitude, they have a personality you can't handle"
YES OF COURSE I DID AND I WAS SCREAMING CAUSE MY BABY
Key's always beautiful no matter what they dress him as though. Shaved his head, green hair, seriously, he can do no wrong. :p
Is anyone watching the dolphins on "Nature"? check out episode "Ocean Giants"
Yes sir. I am trying to pre order. Not going!!!
The clouds look like the simpsons clouds!
Day tripping' w/ and lookin' for eagles, gold and hopefully BBQ
Social CRM is about building a lifetime of engagement with your customers
Help us reach 100+ people to like our page! Suggest Black Nativity to friends and spread the joy!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "IS THAT YOU IN THE PROFIL PICTURE??" of course Dhead -.-
It's about that time to hit the hay...have a good night tweets.
1 30 am on the way to the usa usa here i come
Questioning her love for you? ;)
Me 2! RT : I love you all packer Nation. They made it. Im am honored to have watched this team this year.
Sometimes when I'm in a new place, I stop on the corner to tweet to make me look legit.
ohmygosh you should give me some!:O
It is a dry, Colonial-style cider. It is made from fresh pressed juice and tender love. revolutioncider.com to order.
howdy, pard'ner! *tip of the hat*
i <3 twitter
Watched part 1 of #theWeightofthenation it is scary as hell!
XC has platform for bulk conversion of existing library metadata.
Thanks, ! Every little bit helps!
With that said, I'm about to ignore my gut and send this text cause I promised SMH. Here we go w the crazy...
Local blogger devastated to find no one reads his blog. More at 7.
Wishing i could go......but gotta work. I'll get out there sometime this week.
Cannot wait to see some of the best religion and labor activists in the country at IWJ's National Conference
BREAKING> Redskins RG3 Found Dead from Carbon Monoxide Poisoning
PS are you around tonight, I owe you a phone call :)
Let's ask ... RT : question is Shabazz actually going to be eligible to play for UCLA?
70s-80s! Delightful! In Lk MI I don't get that until Sept. No need for wetsuit except for float.
Thanks for the mention!
fuc wit me
#ImThatPersonWho wants to feel pretty inside & out without being judged by my skin color, size, hair etc.
Getting ready to see Avengers. Preparing for geekgasm.
And delights in doing so. Keeping them all on their toes!
No! Tebow signed w WME to handle things like personal appearances and the like. Might be interested in some acting, we'll see!
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog. Lows 52 to 57.
Basketball time. Rock Chalk
hey how are you..I am in ATL what's good
Start basic - content, discussion boards (or some social/emotional component) evaluations online.
I would love to build you a snare. Let me know when you need it!
My derby horse won, bitches!!!
sounds like an 'oh, you don't have a DJ tonight' moment
i really despise this heat!!
Please just trust me. I've been where you're at so many times before, and I never thought it would get better. Stay Strong!
im missing u as hell briten :((((
we all have a really short friend, and that friend is me
My advisory teacher isnt even here omg
Congrats! RT : Finally finished Save the Dates using paper from + screen printing them at www.FreshPressed.com. Whew!
Going to bed in a little bit.
xD And I'm the nerd?
It seems like the only place im happy at now a days, is Ruby's (:
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?!!! I think I know. ;) Get your butt to Red canary tonight, Mr. Missed u on my b-day. xo AHEM>
Be on the look out, Take5's "The Talent Farm" performance video's will be up Wednesday 5/16/12
I'm going to grad school in the Big 10! I hope I'm not unbearable during football season.
Laying down ..wishing you had a cuddie buddi <<<<
did cherman bounce? I didn't get a goodbye from him? you?
mods: describe everything. full stop.
Know what you mean. I "finished" higher ed after five years and one degree, not two, because I couldn't take it anymore.
OMFFFFFFFG. #SaySomethin IS SO AMAZING. OMG OMG OMG. ~dead
I always feel like shit everytime i wake up~_~
The UMC's EUB forefathers elected bishops to four-year terms. Term limits would be an extension of that tradition of accountability
no thank you
Hey RT that Chick-fil-A at Circle Centre promises the quickest lines in the Mall! 700 guests in just 2 hours today!
Not cheering for NYR, but over Washington, this time I yell "YEA!"
Thats the plan! Thanks
Thanks! We figured it was time to join the 21st century :)
$10 tan sale continues today! Come in and get ready for the weekend with any tan for $10 OR buy the new mystic HD and recieve 2 free boosts
I love how you two are talking in french like other ppl can't read your convo
First Camo Shorts Friday of the year. #willtheyevergooutofstyle?
Did they enjoy the food? RT : Brought my cousins to one of my favorite places
Soccer game tonight! (:
"What if I went down on you for like 3 hours?" Me: Let's be honest I don't want to do anything for 3 straight hours but you can try.
There was a time in my life when I didn't watch Parks and Rec and that makes me so sad.
At Valentines. There are 9 hot chicks within arms reach. Decisions decisions...
See the stuff from the Titanic on this morning's show? it was - well TITANIC. 200 artifacts on exhibit at Nat. History Mus. Feb. 10 - cool!
maxfields happy music in Santa maria
Please Read: "Disenfranchised Dads"; at lulu.com; $6billion in unpaid child support! WHY?!
Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
Alex is currently sorting through books donated by our friends and supporters- and there are A LOT, but we will always accept more!
you should smile more;)
#IWouldNeverEver give up on and because they mean the world to me.
dude, TED Talks are like so 2007. Now my friend, your insights will know no bounds. (TED Junkie)
... I did not see you at the Sky Bar party on Tuesday, June 14 ... :) ...
Fine, take all the fun away.
I just want to snuggle them all day long
MJ has made it again breaking records left and right
State form has non-partisan option for jurisdictions that have public Q. We don't in MC so no non-partisan for us in May
If you are considering a breast augmentation, what breast cup size would you like to be? Respond with your desired size!
Struggling with TweetDeck, as Hootsuite seems to be down this morning. UI is not friendly at all.
tell momma vega I said happy mothers day! Xo
if he doesnt right the ship before the trade deadline, do the Flyers consider trading Bryz? Say for some defense?
and thanks for the #FF! :)
I like being different, so suck on that <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><U+270C>
Post tap ape race....to dubland to see rootscollider
Sometimes you only forgive a person because you can’t imagine not having them in your life. </3
Game time
true that, my school is far from home.
how am i crazy! im dying it that color ! :/ lol
RT : cc: RT : I need a graphic designer!!! Anyone???
let's celebrate!!
STS-GRIOT song of the day! Today We choose Friends "Mind Control" ENJOY
got a new phone and i wasn't getn my mentions. I will send team tonight for your expert analysis. No Kyle Drabek this year tho..
So pretty out, it looks how I feel
Issue being addressed as we tweet. Should be an hour or less.
one more person to reach 500 who is going to b e
come see at the internship fair today. Looking for journalism students who want to get in the Wicked world of PR.
Music is the one incorporeal entrance into the higher world of knowledge which comprehends mankind but which mankind cannot comprehend.
It's not a rivalry unless we let you win every 7 years or so. Otherwise, it's dominance.
HappyBirthdayEthan trend it
on a kickstand.
That really means a lot! Thank you!
Agreed. And some internet marketing apps just don't work w/OSX. And most of the IM apps need 24/7 maintenance.
“: At the end of the day I make my own decisions....”
Justin : You Got Bieber Fever?
oh god...the cones are my nightmare hahaha well im glad my first day is gonna be with my laughing buddy!
Follow Back,please <3
Another great photo! Thx! RT : Photo:Lights!Camera! !, that is.
DANG IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! daddy long legs cmon whyd u lose and liaison!!
However, babies stop crying when Alf yells at them to shut up.
What topic are you bored talking about?
Listening to talk about operations and philosophy used at AAC.
I am so glad that my head feels like its about to BLOW UP!!!!!
Weekend flew by! Need another day please...
Hope you change your mind this year and attend the event! Over $14,000 was raised and we intend to raise even more in 2011!
text me back. Woman.
I agree. Hard to train and encourage docs to concentrate on and improve bsm. Now that many docs employed, it is even harder.
Nice! RT : From coat check rm, I just sold DRion Clos Vougeot & Ch Palmer to a man who wanted to stand at the bar & have a drink
My friend told me she wants a boob job, she said she wants big porn star boobs! LMAO I love her so much.(:
My gosh, they really put on a horn show here on the UP-W Line around 8am yesterday morning. And once again, I LIKE! ;)
I used to beat this level so many times, I know all the secrets to beat Bowser. LOL
I thought you wouldve gotten used to me by now -__- holy fudge my ankle hurttss
Today was a great day I am finishing up my day with a nice bathroom break good night
my 1 of my bullies i think cut a litte bit of my hair off
So, where can I find the syllabus?
RT :More than 100 people attended mentor/company matchup last night Momentum picks up!
School is just as important as familiy.
#Denver trails by one, 36-35 to #WKU with 15:49 to play in the second half.
Twelve to 14 hours in a car with people I like and satellite radio. Not a bad
#NP Heart Attack
girls from TENNEESSEE(:
the back of your head is just ridiculous
what do u do when u have just lost some1 u love more than anything, but its 2 late for you 2 do ANYTHING bout it..
what's good vampire lol
Dead spot in the tennis court? How does that happen?
If they made #Thanksgiving movies then I wouldn't be forced to watch #Christmas movies early :)
I would say the NL Central is officially wrapped up.
Probably my last time riding the bus, driving next year!
Like David Platt said, a cagey affair. Take off Nani - put on Valencia.
likewise fellas! Keep in touch
Smack city bitch.<U+270C>
Thanks for including me, Kaarina :)!
- The same-sex marriage issue was not planned? biden slipped? biden WAS part of the plan. Just another nobama distraction.
Excited for the next career phase of one of our greatest alumni ambassadors. Good luck, Peyton! Whoever his new team is, we'll be cheering!
Minnesota Historical Society brings Internet of Things to mobile, physical haptic results of digital action w/data back to mobile
Dear sweet boy, please dont break my heart. Its been through enough. Sincerely just a normal girl
++|-+! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Thanks Marvin!
lol school busy...i moved too past uncc miss u tho!
One of those Big 12 afterthoughts is punching an ACC powerhouse in the mouth.
That was before I got a mortgage, student loans and a teenager!
night madison<3 thank you for everything. being the best inspiration in this world must be hard work<3 thank you. i love you.
thanks neighbor!!
Is it wrong that I saw a commercial for the lion king in 3D and immediately thought I'd like to see that?
aw...im sorry..that sucks..
#TheVoiceFinale beginning...or as the President calls it, the "Tony Lucca Awards Show"...
woke up. almost time to go.
my line will never break. I use 30lb braid lol. It's actual fabric
TikiDolls, its been a long and productive day! This journey is ours (: peace, love, fashion. #justFAB, Goodnight!
pacha was pretty fucking awesome expensive but fucking awesome
It comes in handy especially in a pointless class that makes you retype everything for the study guide
Yeah, Weber precedent + the fact that Nichol wasn't hurt probably means he gets a fine. He'll be on a watch list though.
but you've left a representative in #ABQ to attend the Ski Swap for you this weekend I hope.
#Myfirstboyfriend: 9thgrade "yohan" & he was my first kiss lol he probably regrets being with me i'm ugly v.v..
take and bake stuffed piza rom papa murphy's. It was amazing!
On a high note… {literally!} STOKED to get the new CD in the mail. Review and interview with the guys coming soon...
How do u get blog readers? Blogger Heather says Be edgy & put personality into it.
Please Follow Back You are just amazing
It annoy me when people CONSTANTLY TYPE IN CAPS.
Holy COW is it raining hard in Seattle, all the live-long day!
#BwaySongMashup I'm Getting Married in the Morning (My Fair Lady) and Not Getting Married Today (Company)
You are correct. Both were awesome!! Crimson Pride! “: fans and Pep Band rocked the house tonight!! #pioneerspirit”
I love them!
Looks like I will be doing 2 workouts tomorrow! #Mamavation #2WeekChallenge Am I still eligible for the drawing if I complete?
ah! yes. actually i had thought about hosting a huge clothes swap when i move next month. lots of ideas around that. :)
I Swear, Some Of Y'all Fall In Love Every Other Week...
I had a fantastic time today!!! Thank you and Fern so much!!! :)
#2011in3words Packers Still Dominate
Enjoy your Cinco de Mayo celebrations with a burger and an ice cold Corona here at ABX!
FaceTime with my mom and sis :)
RIP Gary Carter...
What do you call a rabbit with fleas? Bugs Bunny!
New topic - My thoughts on the E-M5 + RAW photos
Of course! I'm coming!
Wednesday August 24, 8PM Karel Ruzicka Quartet is playing at Moldy Fig Jazz Club (178 Stanton Street L.E.S., NYC)
totally agree, but it seems like people buy it. Look at that new truck.
is such a trapstar.
thank you! I appreciate it.
Hello Chewpons friends. Please stay close for some very exciting news in the next day or two!
He let me hit the weed, baby let your mind go ;*
Dear Icebergs, sorry To Hear About Global Warming! Karma's A Bitch! Sincerely,
That would be so fun and hi-tech! :)
Okay, so im 2 blogs behind but... didnt feel like cooking... so we're at elements, rocking their 1/2 off wine & tasting menu.
hello. tell mark I said hello. thanks.
wonderful #monday at the office. researching #supporters, #patients & #charities for
We are having a great time at NSTA Conference in Philly! If you're here stop by booth 551!
You getting feisty tonight. Must be that crazy diet you are on.
Following! Nice hat.
Go to bed I'm thinking about Goin To. Greensboro :(
aprihop now pouring.
Wow! I had no idea! See, I just keep learning vital things from you Gilbertsons. :)
OK good! I'm so excited. Thinking I'm going to get one as a gift for the momma, too!
your pregnant? Wow it must of been a really long time since we talked
I was glad to see everyone working so hard tonight. There is no substitute for hard work.
Wishing everybody a Happy Valentine's Day!!!!
DUDE, get out quick... you got sucked in to see the crappy D ver of the Avengers... its all spam & subliminal messages
i dont Wanna Be a Pageant Glitz I wanna Be The President
text me nigga
South Bend followers can watch on WHME's at 3:30 TODAY. It airs in Indy TOMORROW on WHMB Channel 40 at 11 a.m.
Placing orders today! Start your healthy lifestyle!
'We have a great deal more kindness than is ever spoken'--Ralph Waldo Emerson.
Just ordered them! Will be a blast.
no like sharing nutella wit me :(
Oh. By the way: Sienna Miller is beautiful.
I'm loving your rant!
did you bring the coffee?
Bro asked me skip, all I said was "NO". I'm not going to fuck up these last 3 weeks of school.
quoting Cory Doctorow re. FB- little affirmations throughout the day. "Yeah! You thought something neat!"
Thanks! I'm trying (and mostly failing) to write more, so I appreciate the encouragement :)
#MUSICNEWS Starting off with my first impression of RnB singer Dele, I'd have to say he is the UK's answer to Trey Songz! He not only has
“Fashions fade, style is eternal.” - Yves Saint Laurent
Nothing T.T you?
lol sorry I fell asleep!
Beautiful day in the 'No!
Shot don't never work out right.
yeah those are really a great feature! very urban
is it weird that im excited to go to work? lol this is my calling dude.
I have a 2005 CU Soccer Senior Poster, signed by Matt W. & Vince O, but not signed by the 3rd guy: #11. Is he still around?
The world is but a canvas to the imagination. ~ Henry David Thoreau
Oh, I'm always open to procrastination suggestions!
There is a Pinterest account out there w/ my name and pic, but def not my content. I've reported to Pinterest. So weird.
Describing to colleagues how #slpeeps may be the most useful hashtag on Twitter.
Whilst I love Obama's facts and figures and specificity, he's coming off a little cold. I'm worried McCain appears warm,loving & huggy.
Denroy Morgan bringing down the house with 'I would do anything for u'
If you must hate, you must kno that your giving me all that motivation to just get bigger, be more sucessful and make more money #MAC$$$
and Jjodie Gaines! The loonies can be found in churches!
The process is super easy and really awesome. I highly recommend it!! Let me know how it goes! :)
#rememberwhen you used to knock on your neighbor's door and ask them to come out and play?
you guys be safe driving tonight .
Today is National Chip & Dip Day. Enjoy our bottomless complimentary chips & salsa tonight! Or dip your chip into our legendary Queso!
shoutout to me new follower
Scotty! What would I do without you, my comp nerd : ) I thought of u today when I dropped my laptop case lol
Congrats on being a SLA Rising Star!
Who knows Y people in history did good things? 4 all we know Jesus was trying to get the fishes & loaves account.--Roger Sterling
Party rockers in the house tonight.
that would be awesome
wat I do??
come on Native American history paper..... so. close. Did you finish?
This just turned into a fuckin nightmare
Jessica, eat a bucket of KFC stat.
Rondo...just...my god #enfuego if he could ever get his brain under control he'd be MVP caliber #headcase still top10 tho
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power. — Lao Tzu
Safe travels to you & the team. Make us proud!
Yay! I didn't know the publisher had sent out some galleys but it was nice to hear some feedback already!
jus tryna get back in shape
Peace Queen ...enjoyed the Build...look forward to it again...Powerful..Inspiring!
Oh okay hahaha
Thanks and welcome to my new twitter friends. New & old, drop me a line.
one more win
Yea I do show up of I'm requested so y'all have to keep asking for me to come out
#kane and to start off the official
Guessing every puzzle right on Wheel of Fortune. I'm just that
doesn't know where she would be without her friends and supportive coworkers and her beloved animals... they save me.
Obstacles are only problems in work clothes...somebody said that...LoL
#uwordknow and grow in him more
if you want me to talk to you then actually try to talk to me
Had a great time at this morning's 5k -- what a great cause! Congrats to all runners, kids and kids at heart.
SO EXCITED! RT Who's excited for this weekend?!? I'm looking forward to a great event.
Happy Birthday! Thanks for being fan of iNickelodeonShow!
Phone autocorrect fail. I'm pretty sure I'm not "into some gangster rape".
Me too!!
WHAT THE FUCK.
see you TOMORROW! Audubon Court Branch Grand Opening 1pm-4pm | free sample mini-lessons, raffle prizes, snacks & more! 333 W. Brown Deer Rd.
I'm golfing at 6:00 AM!! Can't wait!
is a mean softball player.
Getting reddy for a suprise party
that's is serendipitous!!
we cannot thank u enuf...your meals are not plates of food. They're masterpieces! #Charles has got skillz!!!!!
thanks. and looking forward to many more awesome conversations about this awesome game.
What stadium is that?
Good! Huge fan love the show...need to get a pickup game going soon...my boy Austin Montgom has been avoiding me lately lol
declared for draft not drafted and actual in germany, with a minor knee injury right now
I'm going to rethreads today
So very soon! In the meantime, got any ideas for our oven's name?
Wrong air time on website for ! Oh no! Sorry if u missed 1st episode of season 3. Check back next week for proper time
I would NEVER want a relationship like Sam & Ron's... But I would LOVE a Friendship like Jenni & Snooki's.... !
Don't feel stupid if you don't like what everyone else pretends to love.
don't move to NoVa when you get out of school...
Thanks to Academy Award winner Louis Gossett Jr, SInger Adert, philanthapist Barbara Lazaroff & Brandon Assanti for a great show
We should do a cover sometime ? :D Don't you just love Adele too ?
wasn't planning on it :)
Orange County & LA area is over populated with cars. If you don't know how to drive then get the f out!!!!!!!
There is an unbelievable measure of tranquility carried by a simple breeze.
Announcements for Dean's List and President's List will be made this Wed 4/25 at 5pm @ MAU.
U can call on Jesus as long as you may live. The love that he has for you, it will never change.
!!!! RT Happy Mothers day to all the mothers out there ! Today it's all about you
folding clothes...because im bored. omf. what has this world come to..
#TGIF #TGIF #TGIF Stop in for a quick dinner before you go into weekend mode! We're open 'til seven!
I hate Arabic.
“: Aww, I always knew you were smart. Yay for #RonPaul love!” lol
how soon before Victor Cruz has a national salsa (dancing) endorsement? This kid is a star rising fast.
Make sure to be careful when biting into hard candies (like those little candy hearts), especially if you've had dental work such as bonding
your welcome! Good luck today!
I've tweeted 5 times (now 6) in one day. That's a record for me. I think I've graduated from Twitter novice. Congrats to me!
yep. some other elite names I've heard tossed around as well.
started to refer to it as #headgirl but that.... Ain't right! Lol!!
#kids Hunger Must Die - Food Drive!: Hunger Must Die - Food Drive! from Friday, May 18, 2012 at 8:00 PM to Saturday, May 19, 2012 at 2:00...
Addicted to "Steve Jobs" biography. Great read so far.
Happy Valentine's Day
I learned about the Blood/Crypts as well as creating and maintaining your own rebel Cartel group today in class. Badass!
it was so good ! I'll be needing that recipe ;)
THR & Google&#39;s Pre-White House Correspondents Party in DC: Red Carpet Interviews
Robert, thanks for connecting! Can I send you a play? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis
#420 craziness @ Natt Spil tonight! If you smoke enough just might appear. He def seemed real to us last Sunday
Nite! Are you gonna be at #SLS12 this year? ... Goodnight techno-listening, gadget-loving, website-hacking, lulz-loving friends.
Just saw Wantoot artist Gustav Reyes at the Smithsonian Craft Show in Washington fantastic work! Congrats to Ron Dekok for the Silver award!
How long does Rush have to remain on the air for you to admit that your boycott didn't work?
Congrats!!!! That's what I'm talking bout..pursing and living the dream>great job!
I found the timeline at The Knot to be very helpful, but beware the marketing on the site - it's a little overwhelming
it was long but good
John Was On This Phone Hella Quiet . .Lol
I'm at J Durham buying the bar like a real nigga
what u talkin about? I am the owner
Fantastic!! We're planning a fun event with a lot of #SM activities. I look forward to seeing you there!
Man im to real for that..I sware somebody got a be time
that's one beautiful baby! Welcome to the world, Brighton!
AAAHHHHH!!! It's Yoga Day!
She call me Papi and I say ven aqui ..
We think this goes for eating right and getting fit! "Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." -Jim Ryan
Killing the wetdream
The moon is winning. Did you know moonrise can vary by an hour and a half day to day? I did not know this. #SuperMoon jerk.
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.
Wait wutttt... I'm confused. Is Geo's birthday today or Apirl 3rd. STOP CONFUSING ME~
yeah i agree. the #brooklynhalf hype is kind of contagious but it seems smart to wait.
haha no I'm the boss in this situation :)
Oh God, I hope you're not stuck in FRA too long. Torture airport.
Pierce hurts knee, status for Game 5 uncertain
Joe Biden Without a Cause
A big thanks goes out to the team & for an amazing experience last night!
Awesome opening match!! Way to Go, so Happy!!!
I use to teach in Chestertown : )
PLEASE have some facts ready before blindly swinging in the dark... that never ends well, but great entertainment 4 all.
Thanks for following!
Make sure to turn on #8newsnow at 8am for #Race4Cure w/ &
check my past pics to see more
Thanks. I'm going to email u right now.
happy birthday <3333 love you :)
Why you asking all these questions?
“: If your teams gm is getting ready for the NBA draft #donteventalktome ” lmaoo
yall just needa come to Knoxville more
yes... Woth anniversary service is free.
Loved NCAA championship when said she's a #twitter junkie more like
there's an even cuter one of her and being sleeping twins but I wasn't allowed to post it :(
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: Have PATIENCE!
Add me to the long list of silent-no-more #ghostcatchers fans. I wanna share them with co-workers, but they wouldn't understand...
But there are girls watching.
If happiness n love is sabliminal is it true Is it real or is it just another disappointment n the making wile u believe that its something
FUN TIMES Take pictures
I guarantee you'll still be funny lookin'
I'm in a #80ies #Madonna state of mind! It's always inspiring!! :D
I'd just go back to bed if I were you ===> Just broke my iPhone I have a feeling that this is just foreshadows my entire day
Sucks i have no xbox.
Running a leadership workshop at the International Center for Entrepreneurial Development Conference in Baltimore!
Tom Cruise on the cover of W Magazine is so creepy it makes me want to write horror stories.
that message made my night!
John Barry: "We are talking about Ron Artest, not Metta Weird Peace"
Hoping Octavia Spencer wins an Oscar! The mirror reflects.
What do you think about having some sort of contest on Black Friday for a chance to win a free download of my album? :) Details to come...
they shouldn't have made ryan have brown contacts in the notebook his eyes look beady
The knowledge my father passes down to me is priceless. Grateful he is my father.
hahah yeah don't even know
I am not heartened that Sloss Furnaces, an Industrial Epic took eight years to write.
Elvis Presley. Kurt Cobain. Eazy E. Tupac. Biggie. Michael Jackson. Imagine the world of music today if these people were still alive....
Congratulation to .:Marissa Mills:. for winning the latest Facebook raffle of Wiley X, Top Jimmie Glasses.
These changes will take effect on March 1, 2012
I think I'm done with manta like's. If I missed you please speak up!
Except 4 #gooners of arsenal, I'm right there w/ya. is a troubled soul stuck in "bubble". Facts don't get in! #manutd!!
my right arm hurt.not really hurt just dont feel right
Spring break is already over.
Tonight would have been a lovely night to park in a field and just watch the sunset on a hood of a car.
I'm a Virtual Assistant!
7:26, still outside. I'm guessing we're not, in fact, starting at 7:30.
Yeah buddy!
I may be required to hate the dawgs, but Athens is AWESOME!
RT : All that's missing from this great finish at the #Masters is The Bish writing about it. RIP Furman. (Truth)
Tools that build on one another, not have to learn version 2 of the tool like I've never used the tool before.
oh wow, hawks play tonight. guess i should head to phillips arena. anyone going?
I am number one fan from Milwaukee. Please rt. :)
Studio time
new theme song "another one bites the dust" y/y
Brilliant. But Canada so customs issues... :/ RT : just order some new clothes & have them delivered to your destination.
Sweet, First Friday is trending in #Vegas. Rock on.
Hi! We need some stage hands to help out on August 27 at Urban Scrawl 5! Want help out? Email columbusmusiccoop at gmail dot com!
If you're important to them they will always find a way to make time for you. No excuses, no lies and no broken promises.
Miami has got to be the stupidest organization known to man for picking Tannehill.
Now all I can think about is getting my bird!! Rescuing a Macaw from ParrotRescueNebraska, can't wait!
well I re-red that last part of the story twice, how'd she figure him as the executioner?
waking up super late because SOMEONE kept me up really late!
Good morning ! Have a fab day!
Did anybody realize that is was Black History Month?
Our entry into mobile pages: m.hsl.virginia.edu
Thank you, Any questions feel free to ask.
Reviewing conference proposals with milk & cookies & #AmericanPickers after a day at the barn. All days should be like this.
bucks haven't won in Portland since 2006 looks like we are do!
Check out PISP TV ON YOUTUBE featuring
me? Uhm no. Seriiously it's you. You made me feel worthless and alone and like so unloved. You did it! Not me. Your heartless.
And then, a woman called police to say her uncle, 38, was sitting on a porch, drunk and cutting his wrist with a can while he looked at her.
I have no idea what the plot will entail but I think distance will definitely emerge as a metaphor for intimacy, haha
I've heard that's a hazard! Supposedly cinnamon gets stronger in anything you freeze too.
Not sure I can stick with it that long.
Users on spend on average 20 minutes on the site. Not bad for such a niche site that hasn't launched yet.
Yes!!! Very cool!!!": The Ms. Pauline dog that loved - was adopted!!!"
Bad last post - Dr Howard of Univ Cent FL researching descendents of escaped slaves - some escapees may be tied to
Thank you Brett for all the great Packer memories. You were the best!
I'm pretty close to not Carrying the Flag anymore.. 11 years of this is enough! #GoFlyers is creeping back into my vocab!
Good way to find out what's really going on — ask for emails that mention you, or random days of emails
San Diego has been really gloomy! Where's our Cali sun??
Happy Birthday!
Broadway has become almost a musical comedy theme park with all these long-running shows
My usual goodwill towards public transit is suffering today
Thanks again :)
CHP: 84 drivers crashed in the rain today in San Diego County.
ESB and John's with Aunt Shari!
The DJClarinet Combo Live at Wanderers Tea House TONIGHT!!!!!!!!
Listening to Never grow up... and thinking about everyone growing up... wahhhhh
Not yet. Just an iPod touch.
good! Glad I'm not alone.
Can't wait for fri!! Time I finally have some fun....and maybe a cocktail or two!
That is fantastic work. It motivated my interest in systems science. If you dont mind what do you think of transhumanism?
#AmazingRace, you get about 24 minutes until I leave you for #MadMen. Excited to see what's up in Azerbaijan.
My ex-wife says that she will dance on my grave
#diddyandbieber #diddyandbieber-- and would do amazing&i would buy the song!! :)
One dedicated day hardly seems fair. She deserves a lifetime of happiness. Happy Mother's Day to the strongest person I know. Luv you, mum.
Yes he has! In the name of Jesus *starts speaking in tongues*
God forgive us for all our sins, God forgive us for everything #Don'tGo
frill who cares bout that skank!
Crowd erupts in applause at remarks not to build more juvenile prisons and to instead invest in youth development
They say Lebron is the greatest athlete ever in the history of the game.
I was told if I didn't do a good job emceeing the AQ HOF banquet, you'd be back next year. You cast a long shadow my friend.
During the casting process of #Prettylittlethings, the producers & director saw over 120 professional pittsburgh actors. Selecting under 19.
i'm so hungry sigh i bet you can relate to these feelings i'm having c':
whats yur name on youtube ? So i can look at yur sing covers (:
Why am I crying? :(
No I haven't even heard of it. Nice title, though! I'll check it out.
Congrats to Ed Carpenter and Sarah Fisher for their win at Kentucky.
Tiger finally gets it right with "I was wrong, I was foolish. I don't get to play by different rules." Should have started with this.
Thank you
It's not safe 4 anyone to be around me right now.. ••Pissed off to the max••
Wolf_Run thanks for following me on Twitter!
The one question in the world that will NEVER be answered is "Why is SO GOD DAMN SEXY?!?!?!?!?!?!?!"
Evening moonshine. Lol
Thanks to everyone who came to the Craft Swap last night! Hope everyone got some great things!
3DP: 3 diff plans, perspectives, possibilities. Increase thinking of other choices/ways to do things.
Saw Weeks injury...yuk! Wonder if they will get Carroll from LA now...he can play all 3 IF positions
RT : why thank you. Any relation to A Bird of the Air? :)“: i watched #abirdforlife and enjoyed it.
Lol I left my cousin some bruises from when we boxed x) #IPackAPunch ;)
how about a Spanish girl that looks white will that do?
lmao well thank you :) & i normally dont get this way but since im talking to a cute girl ;) ha, but, sorry if im not reall
what is for lunch tweeps im hungry
Oh- for Las Vegas improv people- I am teaching for Paul at tonights drop in 6 to 8 at Onyx, tmrw 2:30 to 4:30 at Tasty Space downtown
I can't remember the last time my body moved at full-speed.
My history project took forever
right, when considering aggressive vs. moderate driving, i was thinking more along the lines of the terrain
Haters get off me
You lucky prick! We are fine. Just out and about having a good time.Still wanna drag her home by her hair.Sex appeal is killin' me
Heading out to Dallas! Woot!
I'm sorry, dude.
#nf can i get a shout out?
--- TGIF everyone! Thanks for spreading the word about us! :) Have a safe and happy weekend!
Great times last night!!
Nelly Furtado's "Maneater" is slaying me right now.
everyday I'm hustlin :) should we start recruiting you for games to bulk up our team?!?
SHORTCODE Y U NO WORK!?
New red hot chili peppers single adventures of rain dance Maggie rocks me like the 80's!!! I do miss john f. though....but love the cowbell!
Buckyballs: The Amazing Magnetic Desktoy You Can't Put Down!
With at Stage773 with host Jeffery Leving , LLS candidate for man of the year for CTHey!
3000 hits and 61 posts for the DaydreamTourist, happy with the progress
if he is trying to recover his image from.being a dirty player he is doing a horrible job
theGriot almost didn't make cut. It was included b/c they were being use on network news to reach a wider audience
What shall we cover in Atlanta on 1/04?
I really don't want to start working tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Our wonderful #Loudoun County is alive with tree blooms. There is a rumor that spring may follow, eventually.
Thx for connecting. I'm from #Philly!
The museum will be open on Good Friday, April 6th from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. The program by David Bates will be at 2 p.m.
where will you be this Saturday for XC? I'll be at LCCC
Sleeping With Pancakes
Thx again Have a gr8 weekend man!
I will take sugar.
Sorry pacers but the heat ll be the only team shooting free throws. See Knicks series
: Check out the live feed of Brian Humphrey on LAFD Television!
RT : somewhere nearby there is a breakfast that's unaware of the dire fate I am about to visit upon it
I really need to try to avoid these things that raise my blood pressure. Like the entire GOP.
Thanks to everyone at our event tonight, special thanks to & It was great to see so many new faces. Happy Holidays!
Come in and have half priced bottles of wine with us!! #DC #
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 3
#ThatAwkwardMoment when Derrick Fisher has more rings than Kobe
aww im jelly u went!
It's going to be a great day! 9am skill development for These young athletes are hungry!
I have kitteh-fever. I want to adopt a cat again so bad. I had to give mine away when I moved abroad years ago, so it's hard to decide.
We're looking forward to your tweets! Hope you enjoy ours as well.
Just spent time with the IU family...now for more quality time!
please, I bet you play like an angel
I feel embarrassed for Joe Oliver even if he doesn't for himself.
thanks dude!
that rangers game was ridic!!!!
Baby girl got her mind right at a young age! Glad she ain't Hollywood! Met a female dragon just had a fire conversation!
Hilarious! Kinda. RT : poor: /po<U+035D>or/ Adjective: Too much month at the end of your money.
Good luck to shady side review's nominees for Dzanc Books "Best of the Web 2010" Anthology: Joshua Foster, Ryder Collins, and Kelly Lydick.
just wanted to say thanks for the great ics rom for my Inc 2 can't wait for a rc.
Niggas don't think I be noticing, I'm always watching
I never asked adults questions when I was a kid. Never ever. So I understand.
I've been disappointed so many times, not giving a f*ck is almost a reflex.
This Friday Us, Today and The Sound Museum will be taking the stage at Mainstay Rock Bar for a show of epic proportions!!
that sucks. Just in the last few hours?
Thanks for your support!
Getting a kick out of all the April Fools' Day tweets. It's like every news/corporate Twitter handle is writing like
You are awesome Thanks for representing Christ
yes, but if 1 or 2% stay home it's a problem.
Romney told a Florida crowd that he will protect Social Security and Medicare. I know earlier he said that he supported a voucher program???
SHdc top 100 list is getting better, look for pics and bios next month!
when I eat pussy my tongue never gets tired like Da #energizerbunny it keeps going nd going nd going
suppose its probably an elephant, eh? :) Happy halloween!
It's 2 cute Tuesday at Smashin Lashes Couture Eye Studio bring a friend & both receive a discount on ur services
followed :) x
Still up and I'm bored <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
THE EROTIC .com
Props to for being more patient with me than normal this week.
No one should feel guilty for doing their job
Nah. Maybe some hot tea. [yawn] At least I got some productive stuff done while I was up late.
ctfu i really dnt knw her real name but on fb it rainbow teen pride
Hey twitter, hit me with some good sources to follow for the French election.
Wrapping up 2011 w/ a leisurely 10K. Kicking off 2012 w/ a 5K + Polar Bear dive and 15 day Juicing "reboot".
My two friends have a band called " Feed the Friction "...
Before I got married I had six theories about bringing up children; now I have six children, and no theories. ~J Wilmot
please follow me! Love your music! :)
rain? its raining where you are?
Did that actually take place?
Second leg UEFA CL matches resume today. Will Bayern rally from their 1 goal deficit against FC Basel? Inter v Marseille also in the mix.
Hot Wings Recipe from Epicurious
New respect for
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 31
lol okay but I will post more later on because my phone is dying & I'm out.
happy birthday austin for your dreams to come true and for many more to come Happy sweet 16 baby <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Some creepy guy who looked like Bill Gates w/muscles just asked me if I party in the meat packing district.
"The most important trip you'll ever make, is when you get up to meet someone half way."
Well of course more like inlove with them!
#cenanation Can't wait
Good Morning my Muslimah Queen Have a nice day at school :)
louisville looks pathetic compared to Kentucky
I think I'm ready to French kiss <U+263A><U+263A>
How scary!! An earthquake just woke me up!!!!
Defining Moment on Immigration - New York Times
Also, please follow so that you can DM us additional account details or questions that you may have ^CH
They want YOUR music, they’re YOUR fans, its YOUR show, they buy YOUR merch, all YOU need to do is be nice & less into YOURself.
I'm at yo crib this Weekend.
I'm not prone to crying to music, but if I was, Bon Iver's cover of 'I Can't Make You Love Me' would absolutely bring me to tears.
I think i need to start a petition to get to move to MD so he can be my assistant.
"They say, "a picture is worth a thousand words.''But I think that they're wrong. When I looked at yours, I was speechless"
this reads as the House opposing the very people "the citizens" they work for, we sure do live in a weird world.
Maybe they're just pointing whoever scored the last goal on the point for the power play as a reward?
I'm gonna rip out my stomach in a bit if it doesn't stop hurting. It's a warning
Our hearts are with all those that have served our Country. May we honor them all, not just today, but forever.
How is it no matter what "zone" I'm in boarding a plane, front or back, I'm always the last person getting off?
such an amazing album! RT #np Stubborn Love - The Lumineers, thanks to
yet completely true.
Also: music festivals
I'm in such a good mood today.
Billy, thanks for connecting. Stay in touch! Matthew
I was dreaming yesterday that my mohawk was gone!
Another perfect day to surf in San Diego. Thanks to all who made it to practice on time and were included in our latest team photos.
I've listened to AC/DC Live probably 15 times this week.
Find your dream home! www.everetthomesnw.com
Austin Kearns grounds out to third. Tell me if you've heard this one before.
A4. Toss up between several; I want to meet them all!!
but I'd love a workout partner :)
when does this show let out? Your event always have the wrong times, frustrating.
I'll go, which night?
Me: I'm not saying you're ugly, but you're about 37 tequila shots away from being my type. Dex: 0_o
jcwesternwear.com has a sale going on for fathers day
RT : me & did our thing! Shout to & for connecting the dots!
friends are fake if there just tittles if theres no proof of friendship your useless. if theres no proof of loyalty and respect kill yaself
TODAY: $1 off pint night @ Circa 33
The best students are given the toughest problems
cold cold and really cold! Why do I live here again?? I need a better reason to justify why I don't bail and move to the equator!
For whatever reason, whenever I see your name, I immediately think of Andy Dufresne from Shawshank Redemption.
Looks like DOJ is catching up with concealed carry license application processing. Mine was issued right around the 21-day mark.
you are a wizard
I LOVE YOU NIALL<3 can you please follow me? Is one of my biggest dreams. <U+263A><U+263A>
Dough for pretzel bites made, dry rub on spatchcocked chicken, short grain brown rice with.....something.....ready. Hope husband is hungry.
Proud that several of the staff is volunteering at MLKday! RT this if you are too!
I remember when the Broncos lost to the Lions, SO many Raider fans trolled me LMFAO .. Where are those Raider fans now? They all blocked me.
Lindsay Lohan's line of coke
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing. - Albert Camus
#IMISS da days wen my daddy use ta rent me n my girls cars JUS ta joy ride..haha we was 14 n 15 den smh
Thank you both for the RTs! Have a good week.
#WEWANTROMO e really do
Hell yes it IS jammi'. yo. You have made me laugh
Thanks for the retweet!
today's Anderson show, that girl Irene from the park on today's show was on real world Seattle. Anyone know that?
y would i care if u in bed
Guys are arguing about Jim Schwartz - whether he & his staff can make changes sooner rather than later.
How can you hurt someone who loves pain!!!
I was late! RT : I ALREADY KNOW IS ON TWITTER!! As a welcoming gift I gave her Batwings!
95% of people text things they could never say in person
I can't admit that I can live without you in my life.
ahahghahaahha RT : I blame everyone for my problems. Except Shaggy, because we all know it wasn't him.
m, whiskey.
Enjoy the week by celebrating Organic Farmers in the NW ~ Chef Specials, Gluten Free & Raw Food Dishes, Cocktails & much more www.blpdx.com
thanks for the RT!
Beautiful! Happy Mother's Day!
Guys. There is SO MUCH TRASH all over Broadway, blowing around. It makes our community look ugly :(
#np indifference can't wait till #chevelle comes back to the mil. I'd see #seether but #nickleback is going to be there so #no lol
I'm a grown-ass woman, I'll say what I want. ;-)
them crazy fuck boys!!
Delone Carter just signed with the Colts. Is he the best dynasty RB that no one is talking about?
Leading doesn’t always mean doing - more often it's pulling back to create white space so that others can do.
Levi's swipes some of Charles Bukowski's best lines for their new ad. My heart cringes.
So many AA are raised not to love God but to fear him! For me, true freedom was losing both! What a blessed Athiest I am!
Got some movies and pizza hut for me and mi amor <3
You know things are strange when Mid-Westerners are happy when it snows. Folks in Ill, Ind. & Ohio downright giddy after 1st snowfall of yr
congrats I've won
go Ari go! I am almost done with my papers!! :D so close I can taste it!
Legit almost just passed out... Due to choking and having to sneeze at the same time..
Off of work, dinner then homework ew. But on the bright side last week of school! :)
Go Giants.The Packers get the breaks early but Big Blue defense will prevail,
Took a time-machine to the future. Future Doug was drunk and wouldn't bum me $5. Dick. Remind me not to give past Doug $ If I ever see him.
There goes the shut out
All this test-driven development talk is making me queasy.
Remember when Kim Basinger should have gotten an Oscar nomination for The Burning Plain in 2009?
My pleasure!
I would love to use "Butterfly" for a poetry book cover (found it on Flickr). Contact me at
Portland's Rose Festival princesses are good students, good community members, good role models. Selection starts this Weekend
Thanks for the follow, R! Catch us at Plush Thursday night, we have 2 great new songs! #GirlsRock!!
I've been fantasizing (:
Do you ever Watch any of the Sunday Morning Political News Shows?
I can provide you more followers so follow me and get my followers all are back followers if you not followed by me retweet me
It was great seeing and at the ABDC taping yesterday :)
Fuck the jets god fuck them
are you going to make an appearance in the new Friday movie ?
I LOVE YOU.
I LOVE my phone<3
So, when the Cauldron invades next weekend, they'll run the joint, essentially?
What do you have to do with all of this?
Sad... I miss you too! RT Sunday craft day but missing my partner in crime
Westside Connection - Bow Down
Wow, US Airways charges $25 for booking a flight by phone... anyone know if that kind of "luddite tax" is common?
Spanish Hustle - The Fatback Band, Planet Patrol - Play at YOur Own Risk, K.oS - Superstar Part Zero
Watching Florida election returns. I love a good presidential campaign!
Thanks for the #FF mention and back at you. Have a great weekend.
follow This guy! Taught me A LOT of stuff on bass... Even tho he plays keys
It seem like the people you closest to don't believe in you and want you to fail
Okay so I'm not getting any sleep tonight.
i like the dirty blonde look
Gaithersburg fight song is the same tune as WVU?
HA! I was thinking the same thing while listening to it yesterday!
Y U NO LET ME EAT CANDY....FUCKIN DENTIST
that's the best answere I have heard yet lol
Mothers and newborns also benefit from massage, making mother-child bond stronger
Black and proud ; )
Shoutout to an amazing artist, thanks for helping me promote!
"The closest I came to vomiting tonight is when I saw Ann Coulter's shoulder blades." - Jack Donaghy
thanks, Megan!
The article doesnt point to that..that was my own assertion.
I am embarrassed to be a Sounders season ticket holder right now.
I never knew love would hurt this bad, the worst pain that I've ever had.
I'm in New York :/ RT : Los Angeles
About to re-record Monday's episode of making my offering to the Skype gods now
Getting ready to record some ADR for Camp Rock 2
RT : that sounds like a great turnout. $25 iTunes gift card standing by and a fun presentation from
it is still in development. Have an email? I will send u my future AppStore description so you can critique and explain it! :)
suprisingly! I was very pleased. Wash, condition, n cut wr $40. I can gv u his number, if u'd like.
Thanks! (Just saw your birthday party needs and just shook my head in amazement and sympathy. Good luck.)
Nw Bustin Loose w/Richard Pryor and Cicely Tyson. If u don't know, u betta ask somebody!
of course, I'd never walk into a candle store, so there's that.
whoa... That kicks ass.., congrats
Done cleaning the house for my momma, now time to relax and watch a movie until she gets home (:
But your beard will live FOREVER.
I CAN'T CONTROL MY CRIES!
Pronounced "bay’t zed-ik," our name means "House of Justice." Over 35 years, Bet Tzedek has helped over 250,000 clients.
So excited to announce that we will be providing recycling service to all 5 Houston area #GreenBank locations!!!
I'm trying to come up with a reason I haven't done any work the last three days...
Celebrating a decade of mamahood today. Happy Birthday, Henrik! (Only 3 more years + you can have a FB account to read my HB messages!)
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers of the world..today is your day!
I'm young so no I won't apologize for any of the dumb shit I pull.
It is surreal to be home visiting in Pennsylvania
Spent the day in mtgs browsing iPad stylus options. Solid.
good evening one and all, hows it hanging this wonderful evening?
"its so fluffy! i can die!" Lol!
Hey everybody, time to go see my buddy 's AWESOME movie The Innkeepers this weekend!! Support indie cinema!!
you know you wannnaaaaaaa
They sold out at Bridgeport before I could get there, 6:10pm.
chocolate or beer
We're heading to Delafield Panera bread. The other team is running. Guth finished his leg at 6:58 pace. Still 2 minutes ahead of schedule.
LeBron's beard must be so jealous of James Harden's beard.
I love me some craisins!
Room monitoring at #pla12 is allowing me to see programs I might not otherwise have attended. Learning about NFC technology right now!
I just retweeted way to much!
iWish I Was In Ny;) HappyHUMPDay SEXY!! LOVE ya!! <3XX
Oh my god 10 more days left of my senior year :o
If I'm a NIGGA then you're a NIGGA too for calling me a NIGGA because that's what NIGGAZ do. LM(Blowed)AO
Who's everyone's favorite to win the #StanleyCupPlayoffs now? We have $4 #CaptainMorgan mixers for those of you looking to watch tonight!
So Williams gets checked in the dome and their no penalty why?
are you sure your 18
Everyone tweet me,I'm going to be in the hairdressers for hours!
Let me #askconstancio some things. Will you please follow me?!<U+2764> AND I LOVE YOU! ALSO. You need a name for your fans. Please.
Nerdin' it up.
Downstream insights are faults that become trouble. via Michael Allen
when does the one thing video come out? :)
294 Followers! Can we get 300 by the end of the day? Follow us & learn more about #Education for #Sustainability!
It needs to snow like forty inches so we don't have any school
cold or allergies, still can't figure it out. watching when harry met sally and trying to will myself to go for a run.
Every second you spend angry or upset is a second of happiness you can never get back
oh cool
Thanks a lot!!!
Aye, Wasssup my nigga... Daang this party live! *Twerks my way inside the house*
we use d5 in our building k-5. We also use CAFE schoolwide
EG declares LA's 1st Latinas in Media Day. Honors Pilar Marrero, Josefa Salinas, & my ex-colleague Luz Villareal of Dateline NBC. Congrats!
Looking for a low price website designer to do a header and blog buttons DM me if you know a great designer
loving all of the help from for the project in #rva. Police are helping volunteers
IMO, this has been a really awful season of
well we can finally put that question to rest!
If you Say It & Mean It....I would say "Yes" in a Heartbeat.
rocking out
Like that startup lunch thingy? I think it will be awesome!
i love you too(: && #winning(:
RT - Need jacksonville jaguars, since i use to live there
Flower gleam and glow. <3
On hold waiting for an instructional discussion with a vendor. Cancel that, I'm now on a dead phone. Interesting: I can hear the ocean.
people ask why we troll, its because there is no soul
Thanks again man. I can't wait for the weekend of the 16th!
Questions in the bathroom tonight. Does a frog have a butt? *sigh*
Before the Internets, what did people visiting their in-laws do to pass the time?
Grading a paper with properly-set Paragraph Spacing After, I feel like looks weird. Curse you, Microsoft Word! You've broken my eyes!
Do you realize we live in an age where we create & have a hit song the same day? Not possible 20 years ago.
You don't want to get stuck in traffic tonight. Forget about driving home. Just come see us at the Rubicon. It's Firkin Thursday!
best days ever.
sorta fell in love with your characters, Marty, and Topher<3
ok!:o I thought you were actully alli?!:L
When the ICONic Boyz hit the ABDC stage next week, I'm going to cry
RT : Cong Frank on #Iran nukes- no difference of opinion/ approach bw #Obama and #Romney on danger and need to stop
I love it nothing wrong with extra baggage ; )
Meet with my attorney client this morning. Business has more than doubled since I started working with them. And we just got started!
SEX SEX SEX SEX SEX now that I have your attention.... idk I just wanted to post a status screaming sex in all caps haha
Hey Chicago! Anyone know where I can get rid of about 200 cardboard boxes? Are there recycling companies that will pick them up?
Whoa, you look just like Tyler.
The exciting moment when you get a mention notification from twitter only to be let down when you see it's from a spam account :[
Are you somewhere near the triangle in North Carolina? You should come see play tomorrow night!
I know u dont smoke weed, I know this; but Im gonna get u high today, cuz it's Friday; u ain't got no job... and u ain't got shit to do:)
Aw I really wanted Maria & Derek to win. #sadface But did you see Mark rush out there 1st? Lovelovelove his & Derek's friendship!
A real nigga fuckin with a real bitch. Compitition, I don't see any.
Thinking about getting Nancy flowers fer her bday . Hmm
I'll do it when I get home. We have to win.
of course my Damie! Whats new? Come by for a visit with the ravins sometime in your future.
Its gotta be the best, #thebestlovesong she ever heard in her life
hahaha you do look like Edward scissorhands!! :P
.........that is the cutest picture I have ever seen
Learn about plastics--the problems and the solutions--at a training session, Sun 10/2, 4pm, at , Bladensburg. DM me to sign up!
do you gotta shit?
OMG love My Life by Game feat. Lil Wayne
I got da best followers doe <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
When u see me out I be like hell yea
Let's make it happen
Guy says he wants girl who doesn't take life too seriously. Know what he's trying to say, but really, we should live life...seriously!
my mama is so lame man! lmfao
I was going to correct but then I thought I wanted it that way. Lol
the beginning of games always start off slow and then usually get interesting!!
They use the term Lanais here pretty frequently. Doesn't matter where U are.
Thx for the follow! I haven't read your book, but by the title, I completely agree and will have to check it out!
cant sleep can't sleep can't sleep!!
#vsa2011 Non-visitor studies Cecilia Garibay is demonstrating some cool visual representations of data
Want to surprise your bride with a ring? Have someone else try it on so you can see how it looks before you make the purchase.
No salsa tonight. See you Saturday night at Madrigall!!
Exchanging notes or talking trash? cc:
We have a awesome NEW MENU COMING SOON! As a follower you'll be the 1st to know what's on it!
I lied to y'all I'm going to a party biatch
#DarkShadows LOOK'S FUNNY..
is reading a plan to solve the climate crisis.
August 24 @ The House of Blues!!! THE ALL STARS TOUR! Oh yus.
Sean, I think you need to take more pics of that bike...;) Looks great man!!!
Nice. Sprawl, discovery, colonizing, innovation and mediation. Sounds like a great sunday!
Some friends are like pennies. Two-faced & worthless.
It's Steak and Blowjob day...I got my steak, now whos gonna blow me?
You guys haven't played the Stones "Dead Flowers" this week. It's the KSR official Derby song!!
We made it to Alba Italy. Staying at BnB on the edge of the old city. Already had best pizza + Barbera. Ready for 3 more days of slow food
We are up to our eyeballs w/potential projects today but could not be happier! So many organiz want to work with BUCDIA students we love it.
The WLPI will be closing on Tuesday this week and we wish you safe Thanksgiving travels and a Happy Thanksgiving!
Rain Rain go away so Mr.D's can paint outside today.Rain got you down ? Add some color to your life today.We can add a rainbow of colors.
TONIGHT! We play at 6:30PM at Altar Bar with The Summer Set - Come hang out!!
I'm at work. Text me
Its FRIDAY..what's going on?
Remember that SlutWalk Chicago is happening THIS SATURDAY! If you would like to carpool down, email
WIN 2 FREE FLIGHTS! Follow @ CheapTickets and RT this msg to be eligible to win. Vote 4 our next TV ad, too!
aww your to sweet(: Have a good nap <33 love you
Finally done skiing with my bros at keystone. Extremely tired but it's been a blast.
yup. Same old digits. Call whenever. Both days are pretty flexible. And thanks!
Damnn Its Funny Cause I'm About To Have Soo Many Views On Youtube From My Remix! The Numbers Are Climbing Every Second!
Did I mention that FEMWORKS is considering a new location that would expand our borders?!
Feel like ima be sick when I wake up... but good night for now... <U+E011>
Fat Naked Dangerous
thanks for the tweet.
great quotes!
Have a great birthday Travis! RT : RT : Happy Birthday wishes to Olympian today!
Happy birthday I hope you have a good one! You so talented and wonderful in every way #harryis18tommorrow :)
I agree with the letter of your critique while completely disagreeing with its spirit. If that makes any sense.
We must rid our minds of all preconceptions that could dull our sensitivity or alertness to fresh insights.
"Neal Stephenson binge" is really the only accurate way to describe my current recreational reading
I wanna get my drivers permit but at the same time I don't.
The nice thing about it was that once you set it up, using the stars was pretty quick. Let's remember to report back on AI
Matt Painter is going, no wait... He's staying. Hold on - breaking news hes going. Strike that, he's staying! /
Worst headache of my life
good for her. Don't be afraid to live.
RT Appunto! “: My grandmother has been talking about sprezzatura for ages.”
I think everyone's watchin to see if somethins gonna happen today....
I'm only hooking this up if you save me some of last night's caviar. Quid pro quo
Thanks for putting me on the list :). Now, how do I move up? Lol
blowin trees :) how you been?
Manchester Arts Fest. Jul 23 - 9 to 6! Ariel Martin-Cone w Agnes Magnolia t-shirts and gear. capeannvacations.com/festival-event.cfm?id=44
ditto that my friend
Thanks for the Support Darla!
Oh & happy Mothers day to all the females & pregos on my News feed haha but really have a great day
Str8LykeDes... Wit de fellas tryna get ova des flu...
can't find tickets anywhere!!!!!!!!
My sister is such a fucking idiot
A tragedy of mathematics is a beautiful conjecture ruined by an ugly fact.
Hurray! Keep up the good work.
Cooper Bateman, one of the top-ranked quarterbacks in the nation, commits to Alabama
thank you...lol.
Thanks to all my followers. I wouldnt be here if it werent for you.
lol its just a red hat Nothing on it
hahaha. Well I guess that's good to know! LOL
we need to have a neon party soon!!
beautiful people. :)
Who gots A drive-in theatre in their Cityy!!!
Thanks, Holly!
well hm just say you took the Boob fat from it and stuck it in your ass lol
ooooooooohhhhh Billy is dead wrong. Omg. WHERE'S AN ARMED GUNMAN WHEN YOU NEED HIM??
Last night....#Glee, #TheVoice, and bits and pieces of
thank you! Stay strong & God Bless
Drought. Water your trees! All of your trees, including the big ones! Even mature trees need watering.
Ahem, , I just ran into Chris Roberts and Tim Kerner a block from my office. How'd you let them out of Jefferson Parish?
We have different saving programs whether you are a regular customer, a new customer or come to enjoy our services for a special occasion yo
I'm hurting but I'm not, I've forgotten the past hurt, it's time to start out fresh.. It's time to be new.. And your right I've always been
Everybody come see us! Friday, August 19th at Fusion in St. Augustine!
Will do ! You probably will very soon. Haha (:
Thats how you know GW had you hooked...
234566 mikeey or madisonn(; and i love your shirt!
Try this: Before you do your regular vocal warm ups, go on an invigorating nature walk. See if your breath support and focus improves.
Who do you think is gonna win the NCAA Championship tonight? KU or UK? #KentuckyFTW :D
Getting ready for the Spring semester. Comp I (starts the 18th) is… almost done.
"the blonde lead the blind" i like the name of that song it makes me feel adequate. yeah streetlight
Batsh*t crazy.\
derailed her life years ago
Just watched hit 4 of 5 clay pigeons flying by on That was sick! No other QB in the draft could do that!
Good morning, sir!!!!!!
lol! But it was Tom Petty ;)
You are a big account yes but you are not royalty so stop acting like you are.
can we get a follow for the new year?
Edge of Seventeen inspired Bootylicious. Inspiration is a wonderful thing!
It's always cause for celebration when you discover there's more money in your checking account than you thought.
People usually complain about their looks, but no one complains about their brains.
It was but you did great and you looked really strong.
Luckyy ! Wish i could be a baller w/ no Job - you got it Made ! Lol
what song is it??
This is just silly. The fastest person to run a mile in swim fins is Ashrita Furman from the USA. It took 7 mins 56 to complete, but why?!
Thanks for the link!
Whoa, hash tags don't work on Facebook! Maybe because they aren't suppose to... Who could've known!
RT : Good Morning all..up early on my way to NBA CARES event..
lots of love!
#Fail. Left my library copy of The Big Short at work. No reading before bed tonight. :(
"You is kind. You is smart. You is important."
Now following my favorite Philadelphia institution:
Your welcome :)
congrats. is this for the columbia or fordham position?
Two days running we've seen drastic improvements. Let's keep pushing Indiana's students to do more and keep up the great work!
omg XDDD that is only like the best picture ever! XDD
Loving that new TV Show Human Target. It reminds me of a mix of Mission Impossible, A Team and McGyver.
I think I'm gonna put baby to bed and then exit the living room and get in my bed this wine got me sleeeppppyyy
Omg I want to see the Chernobyl Diaries <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Remember, liberals. Corporations are people. But gay people are not people.
oh god I'm be in a whole lot of pain if I ever get my hands on a bottle of that stuff lol
The probability of life originating from an accident is comparable to the probability of the unabridged dictionary
Loose a follower gain another . Lbs.
Listening to a stolen vehicle pursuit in E. Hillsborough County. Helicopter is following the car. This guy aint going anywhere!
were his pants on or off? lol
My bros wedding is bout to b funny iama b crackin up the whole time
Danng. Billy Cundiff is trending. I love him doe ;) I love the Ravens, my home team. #BaltimoreRepresent They tried their hardest.
Thanks for the follow!
I am already nervous about tomorrow's math final.
trashy ass is a bully.
do it fast this time Kd's are fucking nice
do not! I went to city walk after so :P
like how I troll people? lol
Gratz Billy!! I bet I can hear alotta barking from Cleavland on Sundays here in Boise.
Appreciate that !!
Pulling strings here for FANSHOES goods to be delivered to Rochester, NY in-time for Mississippi State University's Greek week trip!
Ron Paul's campaign dies without healthcare.
and pizza
Another ;) cheers!
Allergies can go Flower themselves.
Just because you from Chicago doesnt mean you have to be a #bulls fan, #heat all day
Championship Week ... Sweet
For a healthy snack, cut an avocado in half and drizzle with balsamic vinegar. Yummy.
Thanks !!! Have a great rest of your Monday!
cool cool. Fyi. I'm just hungry!
Maybe the Colts should take Tebow just in case Luck cannot play with the big guys!!!!
Pass the bowl Willie.
Do you have your team ready for #AdworkersSoftball? They need a "like" button for tweets.
Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow :)
Stun into bliss!! Yes!
Girl who keeps her toes & nails done
Second service is packed, yo.
I hear that!
scraps digs the super moon action tonight. super excited.
why am I losing followers????:( I'm not that mean:((
Is that a keg in your back pocket? Cuz I'd love to tap it!
RT Can I get some love & tell people to vote for BNB on National Warped Tour Competition. Make me ur fav artist & vote!
A few things you didn't know about 'Idol' contestant Skylar Laine - Jackson Clarion Ledger
City Planning Committee will discuss designating the Murrell-Capers House as a Cleveland Landmark today at 1pm.
words of wisdom from the Cardinals camp?
We filter information through our own biases and world view.
Mention this tweet for $4 off any 18" pizza right now and for the rest of the day!!
Leaving Mt. Sterling now. Starting a bit late. Have to make time.
2nd half..AND SKINS RETURN THE KICK OFF FOR A TOUCHDOWN!!!
damn ma,glad you are ok.Doesnt sound like those 5guys were really MEN tho.smh
Tuesday Tips are ready for you to enjoy! Get a Box of Tps, Larg Fry & 2 liter of Soda for $13.99. You will not walk away hungry!
Cheers mate! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
love the new pic! you are such a cutie/hottie ;)
Software Development Engineer, Senior-IEB (793776) / Microsoft ...
Holy shit my sounds system is perfect for electronic music..
At the Amador Valley vantners harvest wine tasting event outside Sacramento. The Big Crush. 1st stop Dobra Z.
See if you'd tweet more then I would know it was really you, trying to save us all $3.
goodbye is too good a word, babe. so i'll just say "fare well"
WATS GOOD LUV THE ENERGY U GIVE NFL NETWORK U ARE A FUTURE. HALL OF FAME ANALYST
How about a setting per repo? I personally like menu bar color change (ala Twitter) but single dock bounce would be ok
My sister jus had a slight scare her head was hurtin so bad I told her go to the hospital luckily she did her pressure was fatally high
rt If you don't know where you are going,you'll end up someplace else.Yogi Berra - great quote - without a map it's all random
is excited to be presenting & exhibiting on redesigning security. JOIN US TODAY at 10:15am.
MT doubtful i ever tire of command line interfaces. Like casting spells; making data fly around thru net
Every fanbase has its fair share of morons.
long island starbucks, dont show calories. so much easier to order a donut!
Ron Artest should be ashamed of himself for even sending lil mess to someone!!! LMAO!!!!
Congrats to the new uncle Keep up all the hard work bro
The organizational strategy is not the same as consensus building - Janine la Sueur
HAH!!! You're kidding, right?
dude! we r gonna sell millions of free mags with your cute face on the cover, hahahah
Wow! These endorphins are coursing through my body like crazy!
I want to Rock out with my schnout out!!!!
haha yeah idk what was wrong. I wasn't getting any tweets :p
Going to blue man group rather unexpectedly tonight
just #ica12 for main/general stuff, then divisions. Otherwise TMI in the stream.
i luv u but not only how u look but how u act so please come to homestead its 10 min from miami
THIS! RT : Beautiful day in NYC.
They mad cus I murderd the game and they name wasn't in the will.
Hm. Maybe you could try a bad acid trip in a graveyard. See "Easy Rider" for details.
Early start this morning to catch the CSRIC live webcast.
Great story, and great blind lead.
BC baseball beating the crap out of FSU today -- at least they'll get one win
Man, that is a nice looking lineup. Go Tigers!
Finna read this history chapter smh.... why is it so long :(
Team that scores first in this series now 0-4. (Pens to start Friday with empty net)
Check out our sister for the latest in travel news and tours from around the world. And say hi to Kris!
In the Pops office , getting ready for rehearsal for Opening Night!
What was your favorite part of Men of Steel? Let us know by commenting!
REPORT: Some people still say "I'm not trippin'."
i get to see you lol oh remember the rotc fieldtrip is thursday from 9-4
Some days there won't be a song in your heart. Sing anyway.-- Emory Austin
Women with an attitude
Great! “: Thanks for the welcome! I'll keep you posted when my website is live in Austin!!”
haha! Love it!
to vent
If you're seeking extreme success, you cannot be afraid to go against the crowd, make mistakes, look dumb.-Karen Salmansohn
Yeah that would be awesome. Maybe he will again one day.
At the club and the party starts at 9pm till 1am so get your asses down here and party
i luv 4am feedings so awesome
Fair enough, that's fine. I'd just like to remain optimistic about it as long as I can haha.
Amen. PTL Then. #ashwednesday is crazy like that!
after using a mac, you really can't get the anti-aliasing to look as good on Windows. Even with Cleartype on. Fix this in Windows 8?
Yes, b/c of his season full of injuries.
A beezs in the trap beezs beezs in the trap! we need you nicki get your twitter back!!! :(
Gigi mixed girls can be bald headed, too! Lmao
Thanks for RT -ing our Brand Journalist position!
You know it's official, when it's unofficial and she's still loyal
going shopping with my mom and sister :)
Playing at Branded Saloon in Bk this Saturday!! Who is coming ?
I hate the neologism e-blast with the intensity of 1,000 Tatooine suns. So like 2,000 earth suns, right nerds?
My devotional tonight: "Did you know that lack of understanding about how God does things can wear you out?" Yaah. Noticed that.
Experience in sales is critical for companies is the general consensus of the panel at
Sponsored by
RT : Late night
Oh! Jeremy Lin! You have my heart!
Thanks to & for webinar on mobile learning. Will aid us in implementing our mobile learning devices.
Ridiculousness is soo funny omg haha
Rarely feels good when your dumped, still trying to figure out this love thang
Drankin and giving away some #WiredFest2012 tix! Come hang at Hammerheads in NE Philly on Cottman Ave!
Feel better !
I suppose you can never have too much coffee on a Friday, when you have more work to do then you have time for.
Let's go down to OP wings sound good too! Address?
agreed. Weather has been nice too.
Extreme jealously for the kids who get to be in full orchestra and play I dreamed a dream
Thats fine. Ashley was thinking ice cream?
#ThingsILookFor Somebody who can keep a conversion going...and makes good sandwiches
I understand; it's not good for those who are unemployed either.
Take risk in LIFE! Playing it safe only leaves you at the same plateau.
Don't forget to follow 24Infinity Founder and 24Infinity Athlete, Professional Golfer
um thx for forgetting me and keke! :(
Exam time! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
you're killing me
I heard its working on that for long time know
MT : Might Stanford reforms foster a two-tier system, problematizing value of PhD in either market? // Yes. E.g. DA degree reforms
Nice. This the first time you're using SmugMug? I'm curious how that's working.
Eating a slice of pizza with my wife on the Long island Railroad heading from Long Beach to NYC...not my usual afternoon but nice
Sad that I'm pumped to be home before dark
Literally asain women have no ass those fuckers gotta do some squats ASAP
« So Javale McGee continues the streak of athletes who leave here & immediately perform better. has to cover this in the doc»
RT : Went tu Incredible Pizza for lunch & games!
I do not consider myself a human......Do not insult my intelligence or being!
love you too babe<3
how about a Tweetup?
Haha when is it? and why is it an emergency?
“: you need to make it happen. It's worth the trip” I'll add it to my list of things to do!
love ya too guru ;*
also be able to set up the playoff rotation, oh and maybe start at miller park? Not in Philly
Thank you, archivists, for bringing us some MUCH-needed rain! Come back any August!
Attention to the hcc students : has summer Break started?!
AWESOME! The more the merrier, it's going to be a blast!
problem is: when I "take" a shower - I tend to find that it's cuz I'm in a rush & can't enjoy it as much!
16? yea yea
well I hope u hurry up! Lol!
RT : When the bum is numb… the brain is the same!! #astd2012 <<awesome! : )
i sorta got a new laptop...
giving us a great session on being digital pioneers
Non-food related question: do you ever scan qr codes for info? (say, for a beer list or dinner menu...)
I thought it was a funny comment about her now-ubiquitous Apple commercial. That's all.
Thanks for the shout out!
"I learned that good judgment comes from experience and that experience grows out of mistakes."
Haha the police officer is the one that worked at Lafayette and coach.
I figured lol
oh I'll have to look into that haha. Once my sister gets of the computer, we will find out if I have dwarfed it up
If our greatest need had been money, God would have sent us an economist; But our greatest need was forgiveness, so God sent us a Savior!
CHECKING IN - MLB Arizona Diamondbacks at the VA Pentagon City Ritz Carlton this evening
isn't that the worst drive? lol I dread driving to Cali every month!
We agree as well. Always appreciate the great advice from for the #InteriorDesign community
Just hit inbox zero, and heading to my first ever Rosh Hashanah dinner! Happy New Year, y'all!!
Rain in July and flip flops SoCal got to love that
Dippin' Don'ts: Park Slope Parents Want Ice Cream Out Of Prospect Park - Gothamist
I discovered I scream the same way whether I'm about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.
i started holosinating & shit and passed out text me
No studio tonight. What to do?
Solano was sick but now has a herniated disc, Maldonado has been hitting better lately, if SYR is the choice, that'd be the guy
Cold and rainy. Just watched Joss Wheadon's Serenity again. Love LOVE that movie. Also excited for his Marvel's Avengers.
Stop distracted driving #60ForSafety sign up to be a speaker at your local schools. I did!
"Love is an understanding...and understanding takes time"
I hope a good picture of me gets picked for my memorial shirt if I suddenly die.
It's finally Friday & should be a GREAT shopping weekend :)
A parrot talks way too much but can<U+FFFD>t fly high but an eagle is silent and has the will power to touch the sky
love having ya! RT: “: Pumping some iron at ”
Watching the Finale of #EscapeRoutes #GoBlueTeam w/ &
Isn't that the way it always is?
is somebody on?
Hiring professionals to paint your home has many benefits!
I loooovee New Kids on the Block! #throwback <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
looking forward to hanging out next weekend at the lake.
Had a successful #kickstarter campaign? What tips or best practices would you recommend?
yeah, creep! Haha
OMG I KNOW
Romney plan keeps IRS in place. Stupid. Unimaginative.
Sign waving with was the most exciting thing I've done ever!!
Okay just because you use instagram, doesnt mean you're a pro photographer!
Still trying to figure out this whole twitter thing :-) "i'm almost there" LOL
No more senior skip day!!? Looks like I'll have to do this the old fashion way.
thx...great article!
Cant wait to hear your thoughts! I would suggest 1/2 a Harvest Benny and 1/2 OMG French Toast and a mimiosa.#perfect breakfast
Happy Hump Day. This is one big hump of a day too.
": are you the house?" No I am Elizabeth but I'm about to go to the house if that's what you mean
you better!! ;)
i wanna try deep frying it
I agree, I bet this will become an option soon, I've heard so many people with this problem!
DON'T MAKE ME HATE YOU SCHLERETH
Tea contains catechin and polysaccharides, which have been shown to noticably lower blood sugar!
top home based businesses
You are on a team and im not! So technically im not in the NHL
I just did
thx for the shoutout man! Have a gd weekend!
I feel like I annoy him..so I'm not gonna talk/text him anymore. No more contact with him.
Loving the #AmazingRace and the boys from #Kentucky. Make us #Wildcats fans proud!
Yeah, that's always entertaining!
Hahhahahaha. Wait, Radio Shack exists? RT : Honestly, I save good money as Mayor of Radio Shack.
so you might say I'm more than just a hat rack?
At dinner last night my date complimented me saying I have amazing bone structure..I still don't know how she saw it under the table though?
sound like you are having a great time!
NO WAY!!! So jealous bro!
'cause spoken word is pretentious bullshit. even the few that hear you aren't listening.
bout to go get ready for work..
-_- what happened to yours?!
Stop by for a quarter lb Beef or Beef Polish sausage for $2.50!! Try my Spicy Chipotle ketchup, and Garlic Jalapeno Aioli
understandable, too busy making delicious tacos & too busy eating them! :)
maybe he got slept and doesn't really even remember it. I wouldn't talk about that either.
I don't think so LOL
Find out why #healthcareworks with tonight: MT Join us 4 our tweet chat tonight @ 8pm use #VAHCR to discuss.
blame it on Baylor's jerseys?
But it gets better!
Capitalize on the opportunity that rapid human brain development provides,& realize the benefits that healthy children provide to all of us.
Hey now...you weren't asking for explanations. You were asking for comments. Let's not get greedy here XD
hey could you please follow
9 and 10 were when they all started that "attitude". It passes...then makes a return engagement. ;)
I was kind of excited for the #Royals today until I saw that it's Verlander day. Total downer.
young the giant is definitely my new favorite band!
almost as gay as Robby's Facebook statuses
CandySwipe Free is approaching 1 million downloads!
How many followers are JFSLAers? We have exciting news coming up about your Community Projects!
Last night I watched sell a cigarette for $10.
what the hell is this one!!?
feel like pizza? go check out the new locbit screen inside of flipping pizza in Encinitas. grab a slice and do a scan!
Nose hurts a little. Did punch me?
Happy Birthday <3 .
Fantastic to see the smiles on the faces of the children when they get their Cirque photo experience pix
John McKeon, who hails from the Dallas Morning News, is replacing Stephenson as publisher.
just accidentally removed a physical bookmark and instantly thought (in all seriousness): cmd-z!
we're going shopping...again...
Happy Volunteer Appreciation Week to all of our amazing and tireless volunteers! Thank you for all you do.
Strawberry pancakes >>>>>
We all love Whitney houston !
An angry wife wondering what you're doing hanging out with lady gaga...
yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!q AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHN
So now they start calling #Macbook Air #MBA!! WTF!
Freaky ass!
Dolly Parton should have done that song as a Whitney tribute.
Looking at hitting up some #fashion #tradeshows for JenoLo Line...any suggestions #advice out there. I need 2 get my #hustle on
Eva Angelina or the woman in my building apt 1901 your choice.
stay tuned for an exciting announcement from cityLAB later today...
Hello LA
Told my students if I feel that they're not ready they wont perform next month
Scott Aukerman uploaded Behind the Irony Curtain
Make sure the ladder of success is leaning against the right wall
Day two of Jazz Fest, lunch was a duck po' boy, rose mint tea, and Zapp's potato chips. La Nouvelle Orleans, je t'aime!
the entire area around us has lost power :-(
problems of the rich.
God is my rock my refuge and all I need to make it from day to day
my favorite item from the ALDI Summer Seasonal catalog is the KingCraft 2400 PSI Gas Powered Pressure Washer
pretty well over here...u good?
My dad doesn't know why i'd trust anyone to hold my phone.........but if i can trust anyone not to mess with it...It's him
it might've been possible but I have no recollection of it. I only know a couple words. My mom never taught me growing up.
We will be extending our Back to School promotion until September 15th due to the delay in the Apple approval process. See www.IEPpal.com
I keep having that dream ,it been 3times already
Everyone from VI is blowing up my timeline!!! I'm just chilling like -.O
from that angle he looks kinda cute! Am I wrong? Lmao
I more hour of torture!
if you are moving you don't have to have a for sale sign
No, no. I just realized I had two fountain Diet Cokes at lunch. And didn't count them because they weren't in cans. Oh. No.
I hate hearing guys from boot complain that there away from home and complaining all the time. I knew what I was signing up for did you?
Finally going to bed after having mini-heart attack about an assignment I almost forgot about. Gah. Can't wait to take a break from school.
you would know that weirdo
So nervous.... And excited! But I can't wait to me you!
love you!!
no those are cougars that will be us but he will only be ours.
Gettin ready for work !!
#latenight taco craving
RT : Going to pop open a new listing...let's see what happens with no advertising except street signs..[try Neybor.com free]
r u really mad at eve cuz i know it is all fake but i still luv it and hope u get well soon!!!
Heading to for the opening night of the CTD film fest!
o m g im finna fight u for my boy
Have you heard of Google Wallet? It almost accomplishes the idea of having debit card on your phone.
Was something filming today on 16th just west of State? Saw lots of trucks and equipment this afternoon.
We've had so many false starts in the last 2 yrs that I think people are holding their breaths to see if it's sustained.
Wtf is corey gunz doing right now ? He aint even coming out with no heat
thank u but no way jose! Been there, done that, worst pain ever! Was gonna warn u to run!!! ;)
working on imprinted lip balm project for non-profit.
catching up on last season of South Park
The Mega Millions jackpot is now $640 million. You could sign Peyton Manning+Mario Williams+Vincent Jackson & still have 1/2 your $$$ left.
On Oracle: High system time utilization on fast machine
My pleasure! Your palettes are delicious :) RT thanks for the sweet RT
Happy Birthday for my son Dariel Estevez!!
Never would have guessed the only thing standing between tiger and the crown of best to ever play the game would be skirt. crazy.
No tips for you since the weather sucks
funny how your klout couldn't get you that…
Boys, these days..
..cant be loyal to smbdy thats not loyal to you"
Thank you. I had a blast. It was great scanning the insightful #wifilmfest gang each day. The final installment is near!
ACK! So upsetting- already worried abt coyotes- spotted in r neighborhood....
You said you were ok until now.
yea yea
Goodnight Twitter. Good night moon. Ah the joys of diaper changes and late night Twitter convos....
yay THANKS !!!!! I'll hit u Sunday to see what's poppin !!!!! Xoxo
why do you think you have it all figured out. Listen to the coach!
I lost three fucking bitch follower just fuck your self fucking pussy
There's a dude whose job it is to muddy balls for an MLB team? Cool.
how about a Spotted Cow??
The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication.DeMille,C B.
What is up with JEEP pushing this "genetic engineering"? It bugs me when ads dumb us down, b/c you know some will now SWEAR cars have genes.
Loving ladygaga new album. I can't even pick a favorite since they're all so damn good. littlemonsters, keep being brave. :D
Another turnover? WTF #Packers! Donald Driver makes an awesome catch and then THIS? Get your heads out of your asses!
PCA's Law & The Arts seminar on copyright law is underway. Thank you to everybody who made it out. Now let's talk intellectual property!
Good Night! Art doesn't transform. It just plain forms. -Roy Lichtenstein
thanks johnny rocket Vegas casino!!!!! Merry Christmas!
Hope to see you back home in Austin soon.Hope my scene made it.It was an honor.Thank you.
I'm sorry...to you..but not to the Lakers. lol
I guess that combo is a fair and cheaper replacement for
It's pretty timely for our university. We're currently working on a web overhaul.
Being a grown-up is awesome.
Real love NEVER dies.
thank you
A3: Flexibility in team/org structures to allow for different communication/work styles.
Oh fantastic. On my way up to SF to finally get to the to try my Whiskey Business, and I forgot my winning gift cert at home.
"Your decision to be, have and do something out of ordinary entails facing difficulties that are out of the ordinary as well.
Tried to enroll in #amexredbox for May. Previous offer was for April. Response states already enrolled. Please clarify.
YEAH he did! RT : of killed it at #tnw2012 in Amsterdam!
Have fun at school!
I know who I can text! my bf!!!! oh wait....I don't have one. forever alone. lmao
Boys that text Slow af :/
it doesn't look like Tucson is in the system yet. You should check with to see when they will udate Tucson.
Very interesting use of video. Are any of them private? Or all public...
We would be happy to look into this for you. ^CS
Inspired by life
be the one who finds fault, and you're observant. be the one who looks for fault, and you're just annoying.
Damn HOSTING and thats my event. But had some biz out of TOWN. Catch u on the next #HOLLYWOODALLIANCE EVENT
vampire weekend- Run <33333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
I have to live in the lamest neighborhood in america :( ......Countdown, 26 more days
I thought this tramp was gon give me an "A" in the class smh.... I mean I don't understand, she gave me the wink and the gun lol
shit lets get it in soon!
Not a bad obsession... try having one with Hopes High though!! ;)
Real happiness comes from friends and family, food and wine. We want to share in your happiness!
Who has good news about the economy? I'll gladly pay you Tuesday for a 'harbinger" today! =)
You're welcome, Brendan.
Everything happens 4 a reason/on time. Heard from 2 of my close friends today. NOW headed to Social (f/k/a Lenox Social) w/ Kyra :)
word bro
Sleeping to pass time
There's just some times when you need to blare "Shake It Out" in your ears at work. This is one of those moments.
One...Two...Many grape leaves
900 Followers!! I love all of you x))
me or pizza. LOOOL
Sometimes you just have to take the leap and build your wings on the way down. ~ Kobi Yamada
The difference being that Tebow is a below average QB and that Lin is playing like one of the best PG's in the NBA.
Strangers can become bestfriends just as easy as bestfriends can become strangers.
Interview today hope i get this scholarship
this is my 600 tweet soo proud of myself!
Where The Fuck Is Your Roster ! I Pull Up In That New New Maranira && Pasta .
Feeling grateful to have such wonderful Twitter peeps!
Sorry, no time for loser trolls today. Gots lots of work to do!
I could watch you for a lifetime, you are my favorite movie.
Well we can do the same as we did the last time, I want to know the sizes and how much they want, so i can be perpared in time
I just heard Jeff Suppan is starting for the Padres tomorrow against the Brewers. This is May 1st not April 1st right?
Never heard of the sock but I know how much pain you are having.
It's Official- Pittsburgh Steelers center Maurkice Pouncey will miss this Sunday's Super Bowl against the Packers with an ankle injury!
Courage isn't the lack of fear. It is the willpower to do something when you are scared to death to do it
iiiisssshhh I hate typos!!!
sounds great to me! So excited to catch up.
thk you -- I just emailed you.
2 more days left of school!
Since I'm about to record my show... any requests? Amy?
Chillin' and Grillin' sweepstakes - come in & fill out an entry form and you could win the Ultimate Tailgating Set Up! Sweepstakes ends 9/1
your near me, bomb.
- it's my choice. Seems like I can be a bit more productive up here on the 12th.
That's wonderful. Enjoy ur mother's day!!!
seems like you like the LA coastal scene.
On the set of with client , then headed over to ! See you there!
I don't wanna study for this chem test.
very good :-)
Any links you can share re: automation of map scan georeferencing? Sounds very interesting!
Early to DFW. 80 and sunny. AND I got bojangles? That's a good Monday morning, courtesy of
so sad I missed last night. Heard it was devine from a few. Tell me more!
my birthday is coming soon!!
If you missed on , please believe she's headed for the #soul Stratosphere!
My 80 y-o aunt is our family mom. Everyone has felt her loving care: her grandmother, mother, brothers, children & grands. Lucky us.
PLEASE FOLLOW MEE!!!! :)
Google gets first self-driven car license in Nevada Google's self-driven cars will soon be appearing on Nevada roads after the state's De
SHOW TONIGHT - Beat Kitchen - 7PM - 21+ - $8 - Ben Ripani Music Co. w/ Great Divide, The Damn Choir & Kerosene Circuit. See you there!
good morning to you too!
I'm finding the fact that it's snowing on #bitly highly irritating. And I'm not alone.
#Top100Lies I can't make it to work today. I'm sick. (cough cough)
not at all!
I'm more of a "High Fidelity" fan for best love movies...
I really need to watch Beyond The Mat again.
Haha, yeah it does. :D
will do! I'll talk to you tomorrow.
you need to cheer up
WHO U TALKIN TO SISSY I'M LOST...I HATE TWITTER LOLL
Beat The Buzzer is going up to $1,500 today!!! It's going to happen at 12p, 3p, or 5p!
hey. sry i can't be there in Maryland this wknd. Baseball conflict. I'll be opening for u on ur Indiana stops in August.
what's ups
30 more minutes until they finish adding more servers
you got the set up or space to record a jazz trio?
Hi !!! Your very first attempt at instagram was very successful in my opinion. Love the pic & your smile :)
I love you blake Ops i mean jazmine!(;
woohoo!! I'm so excited for you!!
help spread the word. New Church at SDSU The River coming soon!
Suprised he not sleep lol we just talking bout everything!.
Goal for next quarter: become more active on LinkedIn.
thanks bro...
you can't do that on television.
Thanks for the add! My focus is to bring the Beauty Counter to you! Stay tuned for Beauty tips all year!
It doesn't matter how long I have known you, or how much I loved you. When you become a liar, you lose me.
I know, Im a little late,
My summer is going gr8 fun$$
OH SNAP! RT Times Square generates about $110 billion in economic activity every year—about as much as Portland.
Yup. Really. Old pipes RT : Really? <Cold, of course. Warm water may have lead in it from pipes.>
Ah song 11:11 is playing right now on 98.5 the beat!!!!!
YES! GOOD JOB LOWE!
What's good wit you P!
Nordic Creamery Cheeses just arrived!
NY run in the first is on Montero (steal on ball in dirt) and the mystery cutoff by Smoak
HEY! y'all can still bid on affordable art in RW! throughout the whole month-thur 5-8, sat 12-5. go getcha some art at RAA!
Rev. Jackson speaking now
thanks Frare! Xo
Fearless Frank Osowick defeats Brad Green by TKO for failure to answer the bell starting the second round.
Bus stop at the end of the weekend = CSI technician's dream. All the fingerprints and bodily fluids in here could be a master's thesis.
While you wake up today, someone is breathing their last breath. Thank God for another day. Don't waste it.
- Right there with you Jenn! I can't wait!! :-)
Mark Sholtez is playing Hotel Cafe in Los Angeles on Monday night at 7PM sharp
Who's gonna help Howie out? RT : I need 100 more follows and I will tweet a picture of my finger
absolutely! Would you like to set up a free estimate? DM me your info or give me a call
#ILikeMyRamenNoodles with hot sauce and ranch
Today 1957: the infamous commie bashing senator from Wisconsin, Joseph McCarthy dies of liver failure.
"3 years old enough to pee old enough for me"
are you going to the game?
I guess it was a 2011 to me cause I'm retarded. Will correct
We are committed to bringing out some of the best artists we can find!
: The coverage of Penn St. is great, but I wish you had more on
The line dancing is especially disheartening.
you can lose the weight - but can he reverse those blackened lungs? I can't put up with that type of nonsense anymore
It's nervewracking to watch presenters use my laptop. Who knows what will pop up. #thatcamp thanks
hahaha okay well I'd it makes you feel better I will NOT get a pit bull or pug
Collaborate with your actors. Believe me they will appreciate it!!!
Bout to get this IAMDROID TV up in running real soon i need a loyal cam man
That sad moment when I see that doesn't follow me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
'tis a wintery mix...but nut'ins sticking
such sweats
I forgot how epic Animal House is and how often its ripped off
From the dog's point of view, his master is an elongated and abnormally cunning dog. ~Mabel Louise Robinson
I would never give spoilers. It was amazing. Totally going to see it again Sunday.
AWESOME! I AM SO EXCITED! :D Thank you.
no It happened after I bought the car lol I hit a pot hole or something and it damaged my tire
Ha! Sorry! Playing with TweetDeck
Now if u from Indiana I apologize but if u ain't its still fuck u wasn't nobody talkin bout granger b4 the playoffs FOH
DeLeo: "We need to explore every avenue to fight back against this destructive tide of federal financial disengagement."
At Beverly Wilshire Hotel, maybe I just happen to walk by the Mad Men casting!
Thinking about joining a new cult. Any suggestions???
why because artest is gone? That nigga weak anyways. And kobes pregnant lol.
is reporting Joe Paterno has died at the age of 85
Haha right on!
Packers, Angels...
I look around but its you I can't replace.
Just made to minecraft episodes and a website Video
Bulls playing good team defense tonight, and Boozer and Deng played BIG offensively. If they can hold Jrue & Iggy to 26% again...
About to be On A Boat for 4 months. Anyone have #podcast recs that involve science, politics and/or tech?
hey everybody in mke -- does anybody know a place to get very cheap or free railroad ties? i just had the great need for a retaining wall...
Times like these i wish i had a smart phone
watch he's gonna makin more than los!
I would be a Reynard<3
“Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.” Steve Jobs
oh ok we were in dc lol
Good morning, you keep it interesting. Promise to stay fly?
#IfITellYou how hard I'm working its an Understatement
And I saw the True Blood advertisement with Detective Stabler aka Christopher Meloni! I'm so excited!!
love your bio, you are such a spastic dancer and it is amazing! Also, spontaneous noise maker, as video from last Fri proves :)
Why do your boobs not tan properly. Damn it.
How do you assess creativity? Develop a test you can't pass without creativity.
I'm gonna watch the voice 2morrow just too see my boo Jus10 & I bet it's gonna sound so sexy especially those low parts oh yes!! <3
u stopped talkin to me....that's what I call it
hello Rob thanks for the follow
The butterflies I get hearing your name.. When you probably can't even SPELL mine. Oh well *shrug*
Thanks for recommending "How to Write a Sentence: And How to Read One". It's terrific.
Lol. I always catch this bitch in the middle of her lies.
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time
Update-Secret Stall Tues @ Sonic #Baltimore -50% off if u park in secret stall. Hints given-Hint:The lucky stall either 19,20,21 or 22.
#obsessed with Novelas....
Armory Week is from March 8th to March 11th and the #westharlemartfund will be bringing you our latest installation and featured artist.
I LOVE YOU IN ALL LANGUAGES OF THE WORLD
Happy Father's Day to all dads, especially those in our Armed Forces defending our freedom. A special thanks to my wife and kids.
Basking in the glorious weather. There's nothing wrong with finding inner peace through outer beauty like that which surrounds me now.
Families are green screen tested for Money Makeover prgm. Psychologist works with each family. -Judy Walz
I hope most of you rapper/producers don't quit your day job...
told my parents about gym they said that they are prob going to get me slip.
The two hardest things to say in life are hello for the first time and goodbye for the last.
apparently it was his fault we lost..come on people GIVE THE GUY SOME CREDIT...the defense didn't win every game over 4 years
I am too
Let us go in; the fog is rising.
lol @ cheese breath..
Happy Halloween to all you tricksters who survived the weekend! What did you dress up as? What were some of our fav costumes? Show us pics!
Make the whole week about MLK philosophies so that you start a great trend . Be an example of how we work together as a team for success
I know I wish I hadn't missed it. The pics from around the world were awesome though!
I like the way u guys roll
Just booked my flight to Uruguay and Argentina. Book tour starts June 27th!
rightly so sir. rightly so. "impossible? why nothing's impossible when u work for the circus!"
Don't break the welder. It's our only tool! RT : Making stuff w/ at
Why do people beef but NEVER box? Its just pointless! Throw hands if its that serious, if not stfu.
I do a lot of craftbeer sampling.. Just a reference to say we have the problems.. And it was supposed to be dude BRO... Lol
Thank u Flip! My friends, fans and stalker thought the show was
Cal & Ricky interviewed together by could be either and A or an F. I'm honestly hoping for the latter.
Today's focus: Ray Vega on WKCR 89.9 fm. Now until midnight.
Truth! RT "People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it." Jack Canfield
Titus Maccius Plautus~ Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
I know the story of my last name, yes? Does it mean something to you?
dogwood date with
Im tired twiggas i love you #goodnight #Teamjawan #TeamLea <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> thank you guys that followed me to day muah<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B> love ya
How fabulous. Most of the new visitors to my site today seem to be spammers. Awesome.
We are truly within the black heart of the American dark ages and the new confederate party are the blood letters
"We watched it all night. We grew up in spite of it."
#shoutoutto the underground!!!!!
Love like you're 81, fuck like you're 18 (y)
thank you :) sorry I'm late !! Hope to meet many of
YES.. 5:00pm.. time to go home! ttyl peps WOW.. Im still feeling good, not sleepy yet. :p
what were you TRYING to spell?
3rd time in 3 picks has gone to a commercial break right before #Bears pick.
-slaps you back but with my hand-
Hip hop fighter? Larry Merchant is quickly moving into Pat Summerall territory
big bang theory is hilarious :D
So not feeling this Confluence upgrade at the moment.
im really sleepy happy new years #WilDChildZ #ICONiacz #GRANDerz #Bliebers love ya
Aw I'm so happy for Octavia
#scms12 tracking the history of the theft of african american music via copyright law from lomax to rock
On the downside, all of our good relievers are gone. Better win this one quickly here.
Hands down and in Detroit in 2010 for the Home 2 Home tour. Best experience of my life!!
actually, just recalled our last video chat. So that'll be a big fat NEVER MIND to my last taunt.
that's a good question. I probably come after I get these kids.
I am nothing if not fully dedicated to costumes!
Crap, Mr. The Altuve put a charge into that one but Nady with a nice running grab to end the inning...
No that was last night. Californian's change their mind often :-)
so does that mean don't come up? Haha
haha. Hopefully it's not a long 2 days!
Agreed many mayors make little difference and Warriors move long ways off but owners have legit interest in SF, unlike Maloofs-Sac
Farewell Continental BOOM!
Joe, I think he's such a class act...
Fair story. If you could message me his email, I'd appreciate it. Unfortunately Robert Lee + Berkeley + Google still = civil war
Interesting topic. Perhaps the answers lies with offering perspective versus just opinion or solely fact.
you a bad girl and your friends bad too.
damn I had no idea I would have totally wanted to go
u watchin the ultimate merger, boy toccara....
I like that though, a LOT
Can a hummingbird fly lazily?
Never argue with a fool, onlookers may not be able to tell the difference. —Mark Twain
I think it's kind of sad that I'm *SO* excited about working from home today ... am I getting old???
#BullsNation it's all over 4 the time being.. now the work begins
It's amazing how a different mindset can completely change how you react to a situation.
it is nice, still need to get my shirt too
Just saw Charles Manson on my train, great day for public transportation
PANACHE PRIMED FOR WINDSOR WIN
Hope to see you TONIGHT at the Mixer!!! 7pm...campus center 450....BE THERE!
Today is too real
finishing up some things around the new apartment...
#GameOfThrones lost me a little bit last night with the killing of Bran & Rickon
I hate guys who are conceited -.-
History Channel REALLY wants me to believe in aliens, both modern and ancient.
so, , when is your Christmas album coming out? ;)
sell recovering from when we sold the farm to whoop your ass in 07 #sweepcity plenty of room on the #celtics bandwagon, tix r cheap
This is great! RT : #CoffeeClinic in session. #Professor is in.
So are they bringing back Toonami or what?
so im watching Disney channel tonight because my boyfriend, ,is staring in a movie. <U+2665>
r u gonna b coming back to Louisville to sign??? Missed ya the first time around!
Will be tweeting some more today from Quail. Supposed to meet up with Aaron Baddeley in the next hour. Column from yesterday being edited.
You can spell "Grinch" from "Gingrich" with a spare "i" & "g" for good measure.
I think the best Dylan album was one of the things Wittgenstein deemed impossible to talk about.
HappDy New Year! Don't drink and drive. Be Safe - Club$
It's possible that I may end up spending more time writing up the minutes of this morning's meeting than I spent in that meeting....
No one likes bees.
Can we skip the first game and get to the #Packers #Giants game please?
Guy watching MLB.tv next to me in class?
Twista ft. Trey Songz- Girl Tonight..
K phone I get it you hate me , now let me get my text and I messages from everyone !
man i hope they come to la aside from coachella...
Sounds great! The Cape will be beautiful, and Ptown not so overrun.
idgaf sure! i have some "creativitiy enhancers" if ya feel me
Last chance to win an iPad 2! Giveaway drawing is tomorrow morning! www.blastoffnetwork.com/giveaways.aspx?i=1
I use GoDaddy. They will install WP on your server for free. Saves LOTS of time setting up.
Not even to work and I already want to go home lol
Skype soon? Miss ya!
GOOD JOB!!! Night!
Life is a game what position do you play? Real shit. There is always more then what meets the eye Some of us are just alive NOT LIVING
If I moved back up north I would go to New York and go to Parson, but i wanna move to California (: UCLA is my dream college
I made my mind up , when I turn 18 ima get a tattoo on my stomach ;)
I started to tell him Sydad lol
I bring out the best in no one.
Most important competency for future leaders? Bill Byham: Interpersonal Relations (data-based)
When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful..
I think your account is hacked, keep getting spam from you
keys to success: know yourself, keep your ego in check, don't fuck over or judge anyone and value personal relationships over material items
it started making weird noises. So I stopped.
part is distribution-I want items from nytimes, tn, other. $10-$15/mo to EVERYthing I might want a little from? Nope.
Planning for the Future | Edmonton Eparchy - Official Website
Baseball: Canby takes a 1-0 lead after Brady Thompson's RBI single to score Mike Caruso after 1st inning over Oregon City.
My dad just told a customer service person: "You're the bomb." Wow.
"Lovers to bed. Tis almost fairy time."
buffalo wild wings silly lol
I'll try to be there.
I hope over the Christmas holiday, while you are enjoying time with your family...
dying laughing ahahaha
Forthcoming Des Ark album is awesome.
9 - 0 NY end of 1st. ..not impressed w/commercials
Pregnancy, periods, breast cancer, being walked on, rape, abuse ... Females go through a lot. WOMEN ARE STRONG.
Last three weeks on the road with this team has been a wild ride. They really earned it. Rick has forever quieted his critics
Wait, only one?
Soup Nazi? Al Yeganeh, the original soup man, now made me my lunch. Just for me. Not you. Vegetable garden soup and Al's salad. MMMMMMGood.
thanks for the kind words.
I hate when ppl do that too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> how are you "? long time no see hope all is well sweetie
Wow, the symbolism of that moment just proves how amazing Marc Cherry is I wanted to cry in sadness & happiness
RT : Zing! Any free tickets 4 poor college students ....whilst watching The Food Network?”- Nope, just
I know! I'll hit you when I get in. Do you guys have practice today? -
can't wait to get back in the studio to record some real music lol follow me and I will def follow u rite back ;)
we'd get some special folks in applying that's for sure.
I never realized the Spinners where on the Motown Label as much as I love their music.
Not yet... Just a teaser.
sorry I mean they pay $100/month for outbound calling, and my service lets them place "outgoing" calls by triggring an incoming call
Alan Alan Alan Alan Alan alan!
Go to www.thelotteryshow.com and watch a live comedy show with live comedians and chat live!!! It's live!!!! I'll chat with ya!!!
If only they were embarrassed for themselves. QT : Wow, The Jersey Shore cast is just ridiculous. I'm embarrassed for them.
CalvinBall would be extremely hard for a computer to win. Excellent reference.
hello all, new name to reflect new attitude, from now on RobynRyli. Pass it on!
Asking how others describe you can help get descriptors for
All those fairy tales are full of shit.
Instead of re-tweeting my entries, I commented on your latest blog entry to make it easier to access and read clearly.
and i are sooExited for #trueblood!! couldn't come fast enough. I'm missing too much.
Josh at the Unicorn is a real chef. Like a really real one.
Sustain the love and stop the hate.
Morning dolls. Moving at a slower pace today. Regardless of others drama, you stay positive and drama free. Focus on the goal not the drama
Watching one of the midnight showings of
Don't Believe The Hype
Love laying in bed and hearing the birds singing outside! #spring fever
Thank you! Yes, I can do home portraits. See more work at www.scotthunterfineart.com
// thanks lady. So great to see a familiar face and to have your support. We should have taken a picture!!
Ok I quit laughing then LOL
No friends makes for a long spring brake
Great night <3 !
Marilyn Manson made a new album? cool beans!:P
"It's the small stuff when blown up that really makes a story." Mike Leonard
“: Does the five second rule apply for toothbrushes that fall in the toilet? Boy, I sure hope so!”
congrats on all that..any day you l;aunch is a successful day !
Life never seems the way we want it to be. Let just do our best! There's no perfect life, But we can fill it with perfect times. :)
Possibly, but it sounds like you have too much on your plate to worry about that...
Thank you again!! :) You're awesome!
Snow today! Ready for Spring and the warmer weather !
have a great show Matty!
Hey, im a new teen youtube singer. That would b awesome if u could go check out my channel andhelp me get to Thank u
#PrayForLewisMighty given just a few hours to live xx
I miss my Ramona Flowers....
The media preview of the new Dinosaur Hall at NHM is tomorrow morning! LA journos DM me to walk among the giants.
Cannot wait to get some alcohol in my system
www.bleachercreaturesusa.com Blow Out T-Shirt Sale. 2 shirts for $20.00
Thanks! No not quite. We are in the mountains about an hour away from the beach. So...have you had that baby yet? :D
Getting the vacation itch. One week to go...
But how long is the ? I fear that we won't see any new cameras till 2013. Tho, at $1,500 would be sad miss the 600.
My name is vps
#Ibizza this summer anyone?
But yeah .. Good Night followers! :)
loving it - never thought we 'd have an la battle -downside rise in ticket prices for the Clippers
Rest in Peace, MCA.
MSNBC and the Democrats and Rachel Maddow Crew are Pushing Straight People to Be Gay Minded! its ashamed soon you could marry a Goat!
- Too funny!
Guys if she makes it grow make her blow
ya he did lol
I tooted <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
for sure, that chorus is money
what's up with Natural Body Butter?! The place for all your beauty and skin care needs!
why don't you notice me? Ya lil POOP
missing you babe.
tsk tsk tsk. I have mine set to record shows forever. :) I haven't watched a tv show/movie at the right time since 2008.
It was a frustrating night at Fenway on Friday, in a season that's promising more and more frustration as it moves along.
RT : you're thinking oscars...we're thinking ;)
Back to Cheyenne one more time to see Josh Turner & Alan Jackson in concert tonight. Yee-Haw!!!!
nice to meet you - thanks for the follow :)
One Union.
13k at brk in triple chance. Value crushed myself and got nitrollled perhaps the hardest I ever have last level
Omw to the lab wit and #YouCantDenyMe Coming Soon!!!
The sun is out for another great day at the Westown Farmer's Market!
I'm fighting it but totally understand why I will lose the battle.
#erl12 Elsevier replied with data in a timely fashion. Wiley-Blackwell not so much
I'm starting to think I know why there's a hopeless purpose for even going to school or if so living to find a successful job like my dad
ha, i'd be ok with just an old one as I have none. Wa-wa-wa-wa. =)>
thanks. I am happy to know you as well!!
RT #FOLLOW New Album "Which Way Iz West" Coming Soon, Be On The Lookout For The New "CMW" Album And His New Group “The Movement”
Someone that missed 24 hours of the contest can't judge me.
215 is returning to the stage with Anura,Saturday September 17 @ TJ's Red Stone in Cudahay.Don't miss 215's first show back in over 3 months
#FF - Check out these awesome Tweeters!
One Time For Miss Elliott She Told Me She Will Follow Back But I Need To Visit Her Page Alot!!!
Heck yeah!
your girlfriend can give me a smoothie anytime
// I was hoping that wouldn't be the case. I was thinking it'd be from the same era as jersey from Pitt those look great.
Happy Birthday to Grandma!! :D RT : with family for Grandma. Happy Birthday to her!
If your happy and you know it, show your boner.
I NEED A FUCKING RIDE TO WARPED TOUR.
Just saw this dude on txcn that was skating and I swear he looked just like chris haslam.
I just want to see one Super Bowl win in my lifetime. That's all.
Greetings on the Feast of the Holy Royal-Martyrs of Russia, St. Andre Rueblev, & St. Andrew of Crete!
When I showed up at the BEE Farm, the tour guide/lead information person; was shocked, hesistant, slow 2 speak; watched me almost constantly
Decided 2visit #OpryMills 2nite. Def remodeled w/some nice stores. But end of nite turned in2 #Southland. Police chase started as we exited!
I still have a pair of your socks, and it makes me wanna cry.
Who's excited for our release next thursday and who's coming?!?!?
What's on for you next, M? River Plate?
We'll save some class for you on Thurs ;) (Mintz and start Unit 3 readings)
Like Fbook and Twitter? Try Blastoff. www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
Hellss yeah mommy got me my monster, fucking happy now
I'm tired of walking on eggshells.
Feel I didn't perform like I could have. certainly wasn't assertive enough. Losing is not failure &I look forward to learning and improving.
your friend timi has the kind of braids that make me want to have braids.
the cultural heritage and antiquities of Gaza in a gorgeous book produced and printed in Gaza by 's family
Excuse me while I go scream my head off.
its almost a year!!!! :D
For an institution that seems to favor progressive values, Big Entertainment certainly gets reactionary when it comes to its $$$ interests.
I basically tweeted te exact opposite.
wake up in da morning hop wrate out my bed -money $$$$$ money all i no i gata get -money money money all i no i gata get
did I read correctly $799 for a jr. Set??
The numbers 4 and 5 aren't my fav right now, as in up at 4 to leave the house by 5.
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Painting Stories , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
Beauty is skin deep unless you have shitty bone structure
Education doesn't make you happy. Success - kind. Riches - full. Experience - smart...But love can teach you everything.
#quote "It often happens that a man is more humanely related to a cat or dog than to any human being." ~Henry David Thoreau
Hi how are you? follow me ? Thanks <U+2665>
So glad you liked the show! - The B Side! RT : You and the cast were absolutely stunning in your show today in DSM.
I texted andrew but he wont reply
They're both Indian/Pakistani. Usmania (2244 W Devon) is the most recommended on my list. Anmol (2401 W Devon) isnt far behind
Sorry RT : I'm not a fan of the superman music.
Definition of irony: my father mailed me a letter containing a newspaper article titled, "Digital is clicking with Advertisers."
hey! look who's here. yes. see you at the mellow.
Now that I'm not distracted by fb anymore I. Can focus on my tl an gettin to kno my followers
... DC misses you! Where are you these days? Are you headed back to the East Coast anytime soon?
right now enjoying a delicious skinny hazelnut latte admiring the patience & demeanor of a pregnant mother of two chatty toddlers
Are ratings agencies using global debt crises to boost their reps? Roger Kirby of Kirby McInerney to discuss live on Bloomberg in 5 mins
"It breaks your heart when he is happy with someone else, but it's more painful to know that the one you love is unhappy with you."
I don't see Al. I guess he took an earlier flight.
It's a sweet sweet sound! RT Love the humming sound of Melco machines in the morning.
I also enjoyed Book Artist, though I'm not totally clear on what that entails.
RT : Top Six reasons for being late for work: 1)traffic 2)oversleeping 3)procrastination 4)Chores 5)Car Trouble 6)Having Sex
you & I til' the motherfuckinnn' end, sugar plum. ;*
The less the window treatment demands of the eye, the more lovely and long term it will be.
I love Patricia Heaton.
Why must people annoy me?
Hell yes! I wanted to make Spring Training this year... possibly next year. I'm going to Cozumel on Sunday instead!
“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Jacksonville hosts Funk Fest 2012 in Metro Park tonight! With Charlie Wilson and The New Edition Reunion closing out the night!...
Alucard is the worst recording ever. I hate myself more and more everytime I listen to it.
Have a Happy New Year ppl :D
Skypeeeee with le best friend
RT : Discussing special powers if "Hunger Games" arrived in nwsrm, says I could "blind people with shiny shirts."
Wow, the clockhands were stolen? Confirmation ?
You didn't want to jogged, you wanted to get closer to me lmao!
we going to a award show hit outkast studios the strip club and all... 300 for hotel n all
I have a ton of #Mets on field caps. Love them all!
I'll definitely follow and check out I'm finding a lot of amazing bands lately!
aye follow me. please? :)
I'm about 2 minutes from dumping #AmericanExpress as my primary card. Customer Service and Website STINK!
...yes it is and you aren't here to celebrate with me! Lemon Drops soon!! Travel safe!
Wrapping up loose ends before heading to St. Pete race. Leaving at 4:45 AM.
check out our new sites: www.blindsfortworth.com
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is a silky robe & fresh batteries.
that last bit may be wishful thinking. Or looking at the past through very rose colored glasses.
Kind of a scary timekeeper...
Yep!! I've never felt better in my life, and I'm sure you're already starting to feel the benefits! Good luck :)
I refuse to live with a post-9/11 mentality anymore. Can or or anyone help define the "post-bin Laden" mentality?
#ASTD2011 In Jim Kirkpatrick session.."have to know where we want to go before we build/buy the solution"
I'm sorry, I will try to be more direct from now on lol
pirates why
There are laws in heaven that govern interaction between God and man.
I miss our late night talks
So she should know better.
I think ur missing a marketing opportunity
hah, well i'm glad i contributed to your good night (:
In bed with the wife n dog :)
HAVING THE BIGGEST HANGOVER IN THE WORLD RIGHT NOW!! HAD AN AMAZING TIME LAST NIGHT! NOW ON THE WAY TO DENNYS WITH MALIA!
there's no gunman duhh
Good luck! I know you will do great! What kind of car are you going to get?
Awwwa Well Thank Ya' Thank Ya' :)
Gator!!“: Would have been better if Shabazz had stayed home RT : what are unlv's chances of landing Anthony Bennett?
walk in to my office & who's sitting in my desk... IT guy... Apparently I need 54 updates this morning -_-
Ok, I just did a two hour comic book binge that put me on an emotional roller coaster, so I am going to sleep. Good night world
I still have the st patricks day condom I stole from you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Enjoying my time at Getting reading for the book swap!
Portland wins in OT! #Blazers 107 #Nuggets 106
alright cool....
#dctf member Fr Boyle: How do funders fund success that is hard to measure?
It was obvious that the U-T would endorse But 's mayoral endorsement is still up in the air. Look for it May 16.
Snag an invitation to Hop Sing Laundromat's opening The owner will select 50 names from the bar's Twitter followers.
It will suck you in and never let go!
"We share something so common , still so rare"...<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Just finished shooting Jaill's next music video. So far so good; the footage looks great. Look for it in a month or two!
It's crazy how different things are in the pilot for Psych as opposed to newer episodes. Pilots can be funny that way.
Hey Paul Walker!!! CLICK IT OR TICKET! #Workaholics<3
New avatar tv show.
hahah, I'm just joking, mi amor! Of course we'll try together! Thats if I can get it in this state.
don't get all sad when i'm pissed off
talkin about ' i was gone , but then i came back ' <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Wait who u talking 2
This 76ers-Bulls game has featured some horrible basketball.
When you're talking to someone you like you make sure every single thing you say is perfect
Going to be living in a fancy city soon...
I'll have to try swiss chard..never had it before.
so how are you liking twitter
Stop by and see us, we'll satisfy your sweet tooth with guilt free non-fat froyo!
Someone at work today used the word "fructify" in a presentation. That woke me up all right.
I say Thunder and Heat in the finals
Your smile warms the greatest depths of Me.
because people are apparently too busy talking about Bob Costas.
Inbox 0, going on vacation!
Learn how to wrap them tightly up in themselves, then take trash out often. No need for diaper genie or anything tricky.
I think youre cute...:)
Win a copy of Action Research for Business, Nonprofit & Public Administration! Visit SAGE & Corwin @ #AERA2012, booth 400-411.
Ugg I Swear My Mom Be Tripping... X_X
I had a perfect bracket until the games started.
I need a back massage ASAP Omg
"ePub/Kindle news isn't news at all" My first reaction also-couldn't you already load all sorts of things via email or Calibre?
Good Morning! Birthday dinner a success! Not hungover either! Resting and watching football today! Is tomorrow a legal holiday???
Game provided visitors w/ "an excuse to be silly in a museum." Hear, hear- more ways to make museums comfortable, community spaces
As soon as you realize I'm worth it, I'll have moved on.
Help My Friend Get More Followers... That Goes Out For Everyone && The ICONiacz
Those who speak most of illness have illness, those who speak most of prosperity have it.
Thanks for the RT Christie. Stoked about you & being in Drumageddon: Manhattan. Going to be triumphant!
The only bad thing is I have the worst sunburn of my life. My face is peeling...wah
Bah! It's a no-pants run kind of morning.
young womens on the low.
thanks! Hope to connect while we are here at
I think I've seen every fast food place
Cant sleep:/ any rushers online?
I can't get no satisfaction
love long lashes <U+2764>
At dah end of dah day i have no onee but my self .
Great I am looking forward to it.
who wears knee pads lmaoo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
"Where words fail, music speaks" - Hans Christian Anderson
So easy! RT: Want your kids to grow up confident and happy? Sincerely telling them you see their great qualities will help them most.
#DEARLORD please keep my path clear, your love near, and my heart pure amen.
Hate to agree, but your slogans are right on. Tired of a non-competitive team year after year.
Kid Clutch baby
February 1972....Richard Nixon becomes the first U.S. President to visit China
Dude... wheres my car?
oh yeah. But don't worry: the expense doesn't detract from the fact that its fun as hell.
If you think this is cold you've ALREADY been in LA too long... I'm just sayin...
it's not called "Pvt. Benjamin," and there are other small differences, but yeah.
Moms cooking is all ways good.
C U then!
Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you haven't planted. ~D. Bly
that same person has been using that line for every exam and every level of schooling.
I need a good April fools joke for tomorrow...any ideas?!
"if the world is made of both light and darkness, we'll be the darkness."
The Dunkin Donuts I grew up with consistently tasted better and weren't soggy, gooey and oversweet like yucky Krispy Kreme!
New years weekend line up: limo downtown Friday night hotel party Saturday night and tailgating Sunday!!!
Twitter before all my friends from school decided to get one>>>>>>>>
In my life & family EVERYDAY is #National Hug Day! <3
great! could I see a demo before committing to the free trial? Your video was down. I use & the calendar isn't good.
I believe KVC first dates back to the 90’s with WebObjects, but didn't see much use until 2003 (Cocoa Bindings in Panther).
help! looking for the link for play of the day from last week with kids playing baseball can u help pls?
Watched Edward Scissorhands last night. His intro the suburbs reminded me of moving from NYC to the midwest.
I had my first MRI on Friday, and boy, let me tell you, I had no idea I was that claustrophobic. That thing's like a coffin.
ur a weirdo
who exactly are the people behind ActorsandCrew?
I want Cordy Glenn for the Bills...
Lobsta Truck, Frysmith, and Cool Haus are here. I'm more excited about this than anything else.
River monsters
#forlow Try to slow down speaking: enthusiastic is good, but need to be easier to hear and follow. Great images.
NUMBER FOUR: The avaliable porta-poties will be on the 600 block of Mifflin and in the Cap Centre parking lot, tell all your friends
Once a Patriot League-er always a Patriot League-er?
I love long rehearsal days but I hate being three days behind watching !
Mark, it was a blast bein' there with you! We'll find a time somewhere down the road to pick up where things left off!
everyone please follow my ANT Farm Lad Pals
1 comedian with hairy arms, the other drinking watery poop, both hilarious! Congrats guys.
Sleeping through my alarm and not waking up 'till 2pm. Yeah, I'm
My forearms are just now peeling from a three-week-old sunburn...weird.
Yes, Mother Nature is always teaching those difficult life lessons. I'm very sad too. I hope Lily hangs around the yard.
The world ending in 2012? I think we're all forgetting Phil of the Future was from 2121. ;)
Coffee, topics, job application? I guess so.
just got back.friends bday. Can't wait til tomorrow, only 7-8 hours left! See u then...Are u ready!?
Thanks also to the Buffalo Wild Wings manager, Rocco (himself also a great Stair Climber) for his help & assistance with the fund raiser.
Joan Rivers cracks me up... My goodness, lololol
I don't know how to sum up today.......school was great and when i met came home was amazing :D
I did! Wouldn't have minded you coming back in town to remind me why I still talk to ya tho 0;o)
Watched UFC match on TV tonight with friends; not really my thing, but fun to have fellowship.
Gotta love having phantom bruises all over from soccer
What did you like best about the video?
looks like a hybrid pullup / high row to me. Call it a "rowlup". Other than that,
Great day at starbound....now on my way home from a long day! Xx
she failed Corey
did I get skelled on this league?
Thanks for joining us!
Good night! RT : Goodnight and and
Hey Kato... Everything ok?
E. Honda said to tell you whats up... Ha!!
Here in the sun, there's only fifteen minutes of fun hope we can tan and hope we can burn up
I am amazed at the composure Tebow has at 25 years old. That, to me, is truly his strong point. I like the guy.
Just did a fun Skype visit with the 7th grade English students at the Ho-Ho-Kus Public School. Great questions! Thanks for having me.
freaking insane.
You know... Sometimes it pays off to be ghetto... or have ghetto antics.
I can't help but to still wonder when the wheels will come off this O's season.
Are you a true Chicagoan? Have you picked between Sox/Cubs? Do you know what EL stands for? Do you own a Chicago Library Card? Im missing 1
Alma Foundation Soup Cook-Off -
Taking a few minutes between meetings to review some transcription issues in Github for 's Shelley-Godwin Archive project
we should make a catch up date. What's ur sched?
Movie night(;
I be fuckin them up my favorite I always buy a lot of them when I go to the store
If you can determine what a man thinks you do not have worry about what he will do
Kane west pandora and I hear "Black Magic woman" by Santana. Wrong station get out of here!
lmaoo yeah I am! Im so excited
Just do it, LOL!
awww which store, city? :(
Mistake going into to work today. Now back at home resting. Well fogged in, too.
thanks for the awesome signature on my arm! Hope you had a grate time in Kokomo! :D
lol>>hugs<< i dont know how to work all that fancy twitter letters haha
Wait, isn't here?! WHO IS TAKING PICTURES??!?!?!
Tonight at Studio Valbonne - DJ spinning an exclusive remix of #Westlife a 10 minute loop of the "Uptown Girl" Intro over a disco beat-mega!
#HappyMonday to you too, sweety! Yes, it's going to be a great trip!
If I'm not back in 10 minutes assume I've been murdered by a CraigsList ad person.
If you are not having fun, it's half your fault. When you design for meaning, good things will happen
Miami better flip the script on these niggas.
Mass & football player offseason commitment signing tomorrow...will be a great day!!!
A wonderful day today
where did go?!?
When I have children I want to be mama.
I think it was Jesus approved
yea that's good
Sad you missed 's talk on quitting your job at ? Don't worry, he's coming to in May!
You don't know you're beautiful, oh oh, that's what makes you beautiful.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
If being in bed before 9 is wrong, then i don't want to be right.
Let's see if I can find an extra regular chick with a low self esteem
doesn't everyone? Peyton is one of the best quarterbacks ever to play the game. I'd take an 80% Peyton over a 100% Tebow
she gotta get her rounds in 1st lmao
ME I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU I HOPE I AM ONE OF THE LUCKY 400 PEOPLE TO GET TO ME YOU
We'll be in Houston for TLA! Are you going to swing through the exhibit hall to bring us tex-mex?? ;)
I was like 13 there I think lol hahaha!
this is one of the reasons that NIH requires recipients make their work publicly available! Very important.
Hey there- thanks for the nice mention!
Thanks! I actually got accepted with ParaFPI :)
can anyone tell me how to import a list of emails into outlook ? it keeps locking up
Your beautiful, so smile:)
sorry I texted you back tho
1. Denial 2. Anger 3. Bargaining 4. Depression 5. Acceptance....... The 5 stages of buying gas in Europe & USA.
You know, sometimes I do some pretty stupid shit, and then I'm like eh fuck it I don't care and I'm over it.
Big shout out to our new followers!
TODAY, Join in solidarity with senior citizens from The Carlisle as they march in support of OSW @ 4:00, Post & Gough.
Hey Jimmy will you please send me a thank you note!? Please you would totally make my year!
No problem, it was a good one! :)
So no big league hitters follow you on twitter? Also Weeks is back tomorrow. This team is pretty weak right now.
There are many ways of investing. We do it everyday in our lives...our education, our health, our culture....our spiritual life.
I really was happy in the haze of a drunken hour....
I think I pulled my hamstring
really, how many hair bands actually covered a beatles song? one, i tell you, one.
#Ignorance Gets Ignored !
but im cool u have a nice night and dont be shy hit me up sometime
that woman wearing borka and dancing OMG
Wow -that weird moment when you realize your computer hates you even more than you hate it. #HAL I surrender.Open the pod bay doors already
5 hours and 2 minutes later- i am done with my math test!!:D
S/o to the homie and everyone else that is following us and supporting the #JazzThugs. Much Love!
Stupid dreams...
I was hoping I could rant about you routing for a team unrelated to you. Oh well, dolphins still suck.
still waiting for a Google+ invite - anyone got one they want to share?
Can't wait for the script concert in august! :) soo excited
thx for the luv mama now following u back ;o)
The senses lure you to indulge in the many sense objects. But the senses pull you only as long as you identify with your physical body.
Fucc u to all the crustaceans in a buccet pulln us bacc in.
Ok ok just bring out the boys already.
Are you on the DASH diet? We want to talk to you. email .
I hate that! We gave up cable because our signal was horrible. Hulu, Netflix and iTunes now. But that means no live tv.
Damn Biebs, you just had to do that shirtless photo shoot. Oh Lord help my ovaries.
arvo2010: Correlation Between Blink Rate, Tear Film Corneal Protection, and Corneal Staining - John Rodriguez , May 4, D975
ANY BANDS THAT WANNA GET BOOKED THAT CAN PLAY ANYTHING FROM FUNK TO TODAYS HITS TO TOP 40, CONTACT ME....GET SHOWS BOOKED TILL END OF JULY
If you think I'm crazy or my sister crazy. Just wait til you meet my mama.
The only crew that I think I might like this season is Mos Wanted Crew and possibly RNG
"These are the times that try men's souls." -Thomas Paine
Who's complaining about what the movie's pulling from? My (mild) disappointment was with what was on screen.
Should you go to your ex-spouse's funeral if you have children together?
you fuckers killed it in pittsburgh last night! Thanks!
I've been lucky to never have PP issues. I do have Square Up. I can manually enter it? Or send check?
smooth move!!!!
Weekend Warriors! Join us Saturday Penmar Park 5-6pm
Aw yeah!!!
This bitch has frickin' comeover & the darkest drawn-in eyebrows i've ever seen. WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH YOUR LIFE?
S/O 2 my new follower
666 fans today. Someone like us and quick!
School or Home? #dumbquestion SCHOOL!! I don't have to be by my parents.. "/
come on Greg, u guys gotta give us a little more effort!
Good Night My Wonderful Twitter Followers! I hope you all have peaceful dreams!
wow, that didn't take long!
Being Apart- He doesn’t see the tears that fall-Lonely and silently on the pillow The endless nights tossing and turning. In search of him
damn. That's like mad close too :| did they tell you you gotta take a summer program?
303 assists the last 21 games for Rondo... Unreal. 14.4 assists per game in stretch. Over season he's averaging 11.5 dimes per night.
eye just got off that airline yesterday. Flight long as a bicth
one more session! then the season is over! let's kick butt on these relays tonight, girls!
First-Time Home Buyer Tax Credit Extended For Armed Service Members
Today hawwt ahh weather is an excuse for me to go out into public naked
Up in the gym with Marcus Camby ...
woodrow Wilson, Reagan, hmm
Is hungry...
That's for sure. With all the #guitarlessons info on the web today, it's easier than ever to
I had dreams of glitter all night!
View for ideas on #golfmanagement #marketing or visit for ways to grow your #smallbiz and have #success!!!
they're giving a tour rehabbed foreclosure at 10:30 at 2404 n 46th. hines, murphy, and some community leaders will be there.
Indeed I did, ! Quite right. One can also never underestimate the powers of the raised brow, as the would attest.
RT : #Sharktank ... "Time is the most precious asset" - Mark Cuban
Thank you dear
good evening to everyone on twitter... I myself had a wonderful day and are haveing a beautiful nite!!!~ cheers to everyone!!!~
Work, then hangs with Monica! :)
I must have been really sleepy. Just realized I was asleep. Lol
Man what is the world coming too
Matt!! Thanks for following!! I MISS YOU!! Let's chat, soon. :)
artists enter your song to win $500 and a chance to send your song to Record Labels! go to www.mp3promoterdotcom thanks!
Thank you! I followed you, too. RT :
Trains are fun! If we can get 20 people to go to via Amtrak, as a group from Chicago, we can get a discount.
Sorry, that's unfortunate.
Just smile and say #IDGAF (:
Ditto! You'd think Fb could afford to create a sweet UX.
Got 4 hours of sleep. FML.
Right? Hilarious. RT say what you want, this is a BILLION times better than the disaster that was james franco last year.
FYI. RT : Just voted for myself, President Obama and Paul Sadler in the Dem primary. Early voting starts today.
so I'm like thts a while to wait and he said love waits(;
economic/glove profiling. HOLLAAAAAAAR.
Yo I just noticed.. I needa new phone.. Ha.. Yeah I have my dumb moments..
Tobacco cos. spend $21 million to persuade CA voters to reject a June ballot measure to raise the tobacco sales tax by $1 per pack.
yeah he's only like a couple months .
Turn up
We have to invest in the quality of life.
I'm me now. Account name is about to change as well.
Petty, immature people...smh.
Marquis Mason: "Coach (DelVaughn) Alexander left without telling a majority of us. That rubbed me the wrong way."
So sick of is da,n rain!!!!
If I Die Tomorrow well at least i met
How do I function on less than 4 hours of sleep? More importantly, how do I look so amazing each morning after only 4 hours of sleep? Haha
no car needed "The KC Strip Trolley will provide FREE rides during on a Fest Loop from Dark Horse to Record Bar"
Why did i get a twitter again
Oh wow. Justice Alan Page!
Does this mean more track coverage? (I know The O already have more than every paper except the R-G)
Katie- got a community mgr question for ya- give me a shout when u can plz.
So wats up can i get that ;)
#MyProblemIs , We Don't Got No Damn Milk For My Oreos !
Checking the #CIA Factbooks, #CDC and #DeptofState requirements for February-March travel, some of my favorite sites.
I got a dm from you and got happy. I saw it was spam and died a little inside.
We'd like to see your snow or weather pics from today if you have any. Send them to Thanks!
is hiring reporters in Florida, Montana, and Ohio- as well as a Director of Media Relations. Message me, if interested!
Thats cool! I think I know that chick behind your mom, lol!
of course! RT : Thanks for the RTs & conversation!
Marshall's hurt. I hear hitting girls in the boobs hurts.
“RT : Don't miss ! In the break-he said I was his favorite republican! #who knew”. Not a badge of honor!
thanks girl! I'm just happy to be finally feeling better.
But it's whiskey. And bacon. It might suck, but I am totally willing to give it a try.
judging by trends, i wouldn't be surprised if CDs were completely off store shelves in, let's say 3 years.
At the risk of sounding cheesy: brie, cheddar, provolone.
Good luck Louna !!! I just did my votes :))
your wrong d'antoni had a retarded system, they need to play off of Melos iso's. Amare is perfect for them. Mid range and dunks
In fact, they're a mediocre team elevated into tragedy by being in a journalism-saturated big city.
I wish would have addressed *why* people don't cook at home, rather than just decrying it.
John. D'onofrio. Posted. My. Video. On. His. FB. Page. I CANT HANDLE MYSELF.
And departing Metro Center. No idea what the holding was about.
I will say I never had a doubt.
It's very possible these two cards sold together could end in the millions, hit me up let's talk!
happy for you guys!!
March 1 is release day for my book, TO THOSE WHO WAIT. This is not a HEA story, it's a HN (happy now) Check it out at www.lindaswift.net.
Justin Timberlake's grandma, Sadie Bomar confirmed that he and on-again, off-again girlfriend Jessica Biel have gotten engaged
Just in: James Anacreon is transferring from Wichita State. Will not be at WSU for 2012-13 season.
I created a page for Firefly Games once. A roving mob of "editors" deleted it - they didn't know it, so not important.
Thx for tweeting abt Eric Dompierre & his family's fight for age waivers for athletes w disabilities in Michigan! LetEmPlay.us
yup! Thanks, Erk!!
- dude? When can you guys get back to Pgh, PA and gig the Moose? We all miss you?!!!! DR. HOE!
OMG me too. This is like exercise.
They Say I'm A Changed Man They Tell Me I'm Flashy, They Like Me Better When I'm Fucked Up & Ashy..
There's never enough time
Thanks for coming!! I owe you and a dance party in 2012!
Wemake beats too. I'm not tryin to go that route for this project. We tryna remix a mainstream song
I have like 5 shirts of yours and not once would I fucking think of burning any of them. Fuck that doucher!
If the woman on this train talking loudly about Schoolly D is any indication, I must be in Philly.
It might be a "Mega Dog" night.
See you in the fall!
I rised n Grinded today.. forgot to post .. it .. lunch now ..
btw while I'm still gonna need a new liver, apparently CellCept is telling my liver-attacking immune system to go fuck itself
Happy jesus Day
lecturing at Univ of Wisconsin at Madison give a shout out to Henry Drawl.
omgomogmogm I wanna go now omg :(
i miss it .
"Never screw with the original data," he said.
thanks for the mention. Hope the weekend went well.
I'm still cracking up!!!!!
#Marquette plays Murray St at 415p on sat
ultimatelibrarn: Cool, looks like fixed the notes on slides bug! Notes are now up for the EthicShare prez, & I'll upload my ...
Hey whats good people. I have my music video coming soon. Its for my single VA BAE ft. Reginald Doles.
Oak Harbor- Tomorrow should be a repeat of today, just a tad bit warmer.
Nah, i've been gushing about it too.
lmao I was just thinking how we be tag teaming in the hanger lol
followed by satan
thanks for the follow
I'll be at one of those for sure!
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. Thomas Paine
how does it make sense that Celtics are a 4 seed but play on the road. Why aren't the Hawks the 4 seed
It was great speaking to you today.
RT : RT : RT : RT Q3: What are some of your best tips for networking ONLINE?
Heard a rumor that Bentley is in Emily's season! Yes, some excitement!
Yay my facebook shares are already making me money. Even though I hate facebook, I'll gladly collect a check from them.
I am SO gonna be your sister.
I'm super excited, you have no idea! :')
Thank you for sharing this news!
Don't forget to PLEDGE All Classical KQAC. Michael's is an underwriter Bring receipt for $50 pledge get free 1/2 sandwich!!
i would still really like that in you anything else i might like
Here's a #toast to making 2011 YOUR BEST YEAR YET!
RT : If you're not willing to be mocked, cut off, and face scrutiny for it, it's probably not that valuable to you.
"You really don't know. It was the look on their faces." Resonates with me every time I write. So much of life is departure from reality.
I would like to do business.
What was the score?
should've invited me :p
8th #SDCChiHack is Scan2Chat, where you can scan a QR code to enter a chat room for wherever you are
Woopie O.o
thanks for taking care of me and last night ahahaha
what is Steve bedell's twitter handle? I have been told that u are the source for this
Aftershock just now and at around 12 too. This one was almost like the real thing. What's the diff?
With the going to min next, they must win series against bad team, sets up a big series vs texas Let's go!!
Florida Panthers are the only NHL team in first place with a negative points differential. Panthers are -22. In comparison, Bruins are +53
can i get a tweet or a follow? please, we're finally online at the same time <3 <3 i'll support you forever don't worry.
Hurry up, time to sign up your adult team for the fall adult season is running out. Deadline to reserve your spot is Thursday!!
That damn wind is a menace whipping around the hospital. Lookin like Cousin It when you get home
#thatsatisfiedfeeling when you don't have to get up at 5:30 for AP Euro Review (:
"I'm ready to come out of my shell" ~ turtles
Yea my phone works yay=)
Auditioned at Northwestern today! It was great to meet and play for Mr. Goines and the rest of the talented staff. Awesome campus too...
I want to go to a Brewers game either Friday or Saturday. Whose with me?
yeah a bit thanks for asking :)
haha I tried to convince Val to get a twitter
"Instead of creating products that look like everyone else's, I try to think of what meets a need in the market. --Mustad's Jeff Pierce
omg I'm so sorry
After the grief you gave me?!? Oh man. ;) It was great, come to the next one! It would've been that much better with you there!
yeah mine are packed away somewhere...
that's who made the oregon stuff?
Its funny how everybody loves twinkies when i get some
Are you on the journey?
#MetroAdventures begin, arrive on platform to find train experiencing "door malfunction" b/c chick jumped on & her purse got caught
Ready for the New Year!
Save it til Wed when it's 30 degrees colder & wet!! ;)
Straighten up, Parrish. “: these grizzlies fans are savages”
Good Lord.. I new they had been experimenting with it. God help us if they have learned to perfect it.
Chara wins the fastest slap shot competition again and sets a new record with 108.8 MPH!
Good afternoon just woke up
lol at least u tried..if I hear briley airport wreck or donelson n tha same sentence I gotta check Mama Bird..my neck of the woods
Been listening to Pandora for 5 hours straight.
#Heat turn it up in 2nd half. Without Bosh. I'd take defensive & screening mindset of Anthony & Battier over Bosh for all 48. #JustMe?
Clearly, I can see your nuts.
Just trademarking this now iPadPee™ so that media has to pay me to use it. That's how it works, right?
Others who had canceled talks shows got new shows: Joan Rivers, Dennis Miller, Pat Sajak, Jon Stewart. Not Arsenio.
only Louis would break his wrist on a folding chair trying look at a KitKat hot air balloon... XD
Chipolte sounds pretty good
Really enjoyed watching the super chevy bridgestone verizon bud light dorito black eyed pea glee bowl.
. just went down for me... Anyone else?
#teamswift never thought we have a last kiss<3
Google is wonderful for genealogy.
#YouKnowYouDrunkWhen you wake up in bed next2 #MegGriffin & #Roger that gay alien from #AmericanDad as #Stewie jerks off in the corner
Don't you agree that government allowing gays to marry is more respectful to "invidividual sovereignty" than not?
LMAO..well if you say so. {wiggles brows}
A few hundred people lining up in the cold tonight for local Amazing Race auditions...Koin6 live
Laying in the grass and basking in sunshine.
The greatest virtues are those which are most useful to other persons.
"The future is an opportunity."
Herbert!!! Herbert Joel
Netflix time.
Stephen Hill still there and we're
You can't yell at us for following instructions!!! Wait, can you? Uh oh.
watching some old seasons of Big Brother, enjoying some slow rolls in the month.
SCHOOL IS POINTLESS. English - We Speak It. History - Hitler was right. Math- 1+1=2 Beyonce taught us that .Spanish - We Have Dora.
way worth it! wish i can go
Awesome, right? Expect big things from him. Follow him here:
I love the Rays hitters.
When you realize you've been looking for something but been searching the wrong places...
its funny how some guys throw caution to the wind when dealing with females online, is that the best game you have....
Love is when you've seen the best and the worst of someone, yet you still love them for what they have.
Thanks Katie! We gotta check in with Dr. Sam tomorrow too!
A good read; my own concerns relate as much to "the war on general computing" as to 1st amendment
I haven't gone to church for a while now
Eat a handful of almonds 20 minutes before a meal to curb your appetite.
Pandora is on a Squeeze kick today. This is most excellent. :)
Props once again to Jive's amazing IT department. I mean, do you get same/next-day turn around on your IT hardware/software orders? Amazing.
Through 10 games, #Brewers have 5.65 ERA (worst in NL) and a .228 team batting average, with three starters below .200.
oops -- got it too late -- do you know what it was?
I <U+2764> my mama tho
told you
Lakers WIN It's OVER
Ff to the highly talented birthday boy
Omg...that beyond amazing feeling when you put lotion on your legs right after you shave <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
just making sure you're ok. You're one tough momma tho!
I am to a certain extent. I think everyone is feeling the pinch population wise. We definitely need server transfers.
Nice! I'm still getting another one in March. Wanted it anyway winning was just an excuse LOL We'll be prepared 4 #7 next yr
I can't feel the sunshine, only the wind blows me, so cold.
Street Fighter IV at 52% downloaded as soon as both games are done i will do a Marvel vs Capcom 3 open lobby via stream
SATURDAY NIGHT PARTY!!! COME HANG OUT WITH VEGAS' FINEST! Message me for FREE admission...
it will be a game indeed. Good luck today!!!!
Twitter is the only avatar I've not switched out. Unless you count SOPA, Arab green or holiday add-ons.
disk has not gotten slower over 5 decades. 10Krpm disk lengthens rotational latency but it doesn't dictate seek speed
My Life can be summed up in two words .......FUCC IT!
EVERY SINGLE TIME I HAVE TO GET OUT OF THE CAR, BOYFRIEND STARTS PLAYING -_________________________________________-
Mad men. sully and I are missing Sam. Thankfully he will be home tomorrow. Made a recipe in the crock pot for him!
has anyone tried out Drag Brunch at Dish on Sundays?
Kyle is quite the conversationalist
And I would enjoy the sweet nectar that is his Romanian wife.
Actually, I liked the article a lot, but couldn't resist the temptation... :)
"They're not hunting ducks with this stuff," Mayor says of the assault weapons collected this weekend.
Today this girl said she was gonna spit on me..i realized the last time she spit on me..i told her to spit on me!!
: #Walking is a great form of exercise! RT + Follow us #StepIntoSpring giveaway! You could win a custom #NikeID sneakers!
What are you doing tonight?
No. RT Don't ya just love Mondays?
After many turns in my first month at the University of Washington, I finally feel some stability, there will always be bumps, but Im ready!
Hi Hisham, I have to conduct an informational interview for a course that I'm taking and was wondering if you'd be interested?
I hope so too! I think I see more wine in my future...
I'm ready. Phone wouldn't call
Ronaldo just fucked him up!!! Place is rocking
Hi Craig! It's my birthday! :D
Friends are relatives you create for yourself. Author -Eustace Deschampos
all pray for #Ali that poor baby it just makes me cry to see what she is goin thru i fill bad for leah and corey
Just got my tickets for tonights game to watch and Kevin Durant take on tonight 5th row
Its not over tonight just give me one more chance to make it right
This is a real black duster wearing morning. MetroDiner I am here!
The Webinar can begin now. I'm here. :)
Hey cute
I love how you read according to your mood. Sometimes I wish I could do that! I impose far too strict rules on myself ...
Anybody That Likes Our Music HMU..
I hate using urinals while wearing sandals :(
I always just get it the day I get there
It's easier to work when you know why you are working...
you are talking to the turnt up King <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
he be having plenty gum. his breath must stank
#CincoDeMayo is going to be Insane w/ playing a live exclusive set ! Party People Contact me for Tickets & Tables!
Donald Barthelme~ The best way to live is by not knowing what will happen to you at the end of the day...
blonde for a blonde? Only one I like.
Thanks for blog post RTs! Love those school teacher parents!
Thanks! Much appreciated.
Man, I'm having some major mood swings today.
If you don't like something change it. If you can't change it, change ur attitude don't complain.
#indieview A3: They need to set up bookstore outside hall where pub's have books sold. Galleys can be given away in the booth.
Los Angeles is more adventurous than you might think!!
Restful Christmas Weekend with my Family. Now
I feel like playing some
- nice! I think I have some live pixies around somewhere…
Semantics - they are all parks as are sites in national forests, BLM sites, Corps of Engineer sites, etc.
Move-in day! Destination: Chinatown
Entire theater buzzing over absurdity of #abrahamlincolnvampirehunter. #wtf?
Blackboard agreements with textbook publishers: Good roundup of press releases by
I really need another job for the summer. I wish I could be doing something I love everyday...
omg I just posted to fb that I needed quick healthy recipes...got a ton of good links. I'll send ur way! You can do it! ;)
Only drunk nuggets girl at mcnellies
To quote the great Dan Hedeya in Clueless: "I couldn't be prouder than if they were based on actual grades."
thank you!
holding hands with the monster under the bed
And they could be talking about a chicken leg they had for lunch and they'll talk about it with SUCH enthusiasm. Hahah
yessir!!! haha what up tez... how you been man
There is absolutely nothing funnier than yelling "HE'S STEALING MY BABY!" at a dad having a hard time with his kid in public
How about Letterman's ode to Super bowl comm'ls. Congrats to Robb Webb the announcer for that. The voice!
FEAR FACTOR.
Heading to SD!!
so i have to sit in the cafeteria for two hours -.-
Neil Patrick Harris
"We kings make the fashion "
thanks for the tweet. and i said i always would answer every one! :(
Scene of the crime - 14 East. How about 11?
Me too i'd die!!! XD RT : AAWH, good luck! I hope he is so you can meet him! :)
I THINK IAM GONNA CRY I LOVE IT SO MUCH
e.e. cummings?
anyone else remember when kids would get their ass kicked for rocking skinny jeans? yeah, that's out the fuckin window...
Friend us on Facebook to get promos and coupon codes... W.Facebook.com/campopoly
Close enough... you're not missing anything! LOL
Now playing, Los Psychosis from Memphis. At Trinity United Methodist 4001 Speedway
I had a lot of fun tonight. Thanks again to y'all who showed up and had some fun too. It was really wonderful seeing all of you.
Why does it seem that people use horrible personal tragedies to get their 15 minutes of fame? And "news" shows feed this addiction?
No need. Toughen up.
Don't take my kindness for weakness!!!
Bout time Knicks .
was up big hommie. Let's meet up after the holidays
sounds like your having a good day
girl just tell me when and I'm down
Playing monopoly with my sister! :]
Watching someone tug viciously on a locked door will probably never get old.
o awkward i can hear my phone going off in my parents' room.....
Did you know that the Pentagon is one of the world's largest office buildings, with more than 3,700,000 square feet?
I think it started in jamaica. At least, that's where I first heard about it.
Playing justdance3 on the kinect it's really funn.
: PS - Curious....Have any of those event location suggestions on LinkedIn panned out?
um your brother just said he hates you check his last tweet
did you get the mail
When reading any magazine you always what to go straight to that person that it's about to confirm if it's true or not because magazines lie
Imma make ya body moist by the sound of my voice ;)
George W. Bush had most scandalous past of any candidate in history. But #CorporateMedia scrubbed it all - and still does.
you're ruining my life! LMAO
Check out the great article by on Harry Widener, one of the Philadelphians aboard Titanic & one of the ppl in our exhibit!
October 15 masquerade heaven stage!!!
Attendees. Enjoy and tweet lots!
Just finishing my IDCM paper. Three more theories to jot down and citations to bring. Going to have to study for this 11-am as well.
Today's Bulls victory > Today's Cubs victory
Why does Facebook now have a million ads? It's turning into MySpace...
they learned from Lawler.
That Chevy Sonic Ad was my favorite so far! From your first time to the time of your life!
I don't think I want any gum. I'll take some victories
every day feels like im getting sicker nd sicker have to get better soon
Ever feel your phone vibrate in your pocket and realize your holding it?
Easier said than done
Great seeing you! “: Just walked by a random restaurant and see a waving at me from the bar! This will be a good day!”
You know, I like tea...
I listened to you in Houston since 610 first picked you up (1996?). Flabbergasted that they dropped you.
they're outfitted in hello kitty .... costumes, i guess you would call these
The best things in life are still sweet and gooey. Happy Easter!
Defence enlists an army of spin
seriously? I couldn't have done that. Did a few FB updates early on, then nothing til after the birth!
lmao, shoot i dont blame u for dumpster diving lol
Walking through a Vegas casino always reminds me of the scene where the Grinch is complaining about all the noise in Whoville.
's Double Choc/Single Chin brownies were a hit as we celebrated the start of a new school year. PATY is my fave cookbook!
Excited to see us in the new edition of !!
my boyfriend is so special to me feels good to have someone thats going to have yo back no matter what :)
Yeah, it would be odd. But, who knows, they've wanted to do it before.
“: Congratulations Penn State wrestling on back-to-back National Championships!” Congrats to my Nittany Lions!
fascinated by the oversized orb spiders whilst casting my sins into the florida marsh...
hey, that's my line! (Are you using a twitter client that shows "in reply to"?)
aw thanks maria!!:)
The butcher backed up into the meat grinder and got a little behind in his work.
I'll be waiting on the other side
I'm listening to the sweet tunes of on the way to the gym. If you don't know him I highly recommend him!
Listening to Texas on my iPhone in the metro reminds me of listening to Texas on the Underground. On my Sony Discman.
I've got a few ideas - I'll send them over after work today.
Sign some #petitions on
Follow me back?(:
2:40 y'all! Time to try and remember what the hell I was supposed to be doing.
I was gonna go to bed last night around 9 and then Pinterest sucked me in again! So I was up till 11...
Fatso's Pizza carries the Big 10 Network!
Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms out there. I really don't know what I'd do without my mom & I don't even wanna imagine I love you Mother <U+2764>
Very heavy weather right now
I can't stand pushy people! The more you push, the more I don't show an interest! That's w/ anything... #Business, #Life,
i just want straight bangs but my boyfriend thinks they're ugly, so yeah.
#2 more days til' teen hoot!! Can't wait to meet you(:
Thank you internet...listening to Marla Leigh tracks via Soundcloud while eating breakfast in a garden in Sutter Creek
I'm stunned, horrified and yet amazed all at the same time.
#ThingsUNeed2KnowAboutIslam is that Islam is really peaceful it's the media that tries to make it look bad
It's the lyrics of the song I was listening to....lol. Maybe I was thinking of someone too.
Had a fabulous weekend with friends new and old and am headed into exciting classes this semester!
agreed. and christians. sadly, you and i may be in the minority here...
Movie Night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
hey gorgeous :)
Yep. Made it there.
Work will be slow, whew!.
Very very sneaky of you haha. Things are good, busy. We need sun here in DC soon! You?
Retouching. Retouching. Retouching.
Seems to be once and done. I didn't feel bad, just had a brilliant red rash and joint pain. Pretty weird.
Oh, Steph, what did you do?
would you rather they verify the story, or rush to quote a tabloid? Remember when JoePa died a day early?
Happiness is not about getting what you want all the time, it's about loving what you have
Dang! That's so soon... We only hung out like once!! lol It's all good tho.. Don't be a stranga!
Ordinary People- John Legend
If you mention "twitter" in comments of your $25 or more order we will include a FREE SIX PIECE brush set! Remember always free shipping
Good Morning<3
tweets on point
today is a good day for a sick day!
Woke up this morning with a song and beat in my head.... ima put this on my mixtape....its called christain girl. Is a Godly banger lol
You're right. I'm embarrassed I posted that.
I got the gist of what you were saying. If it makes you feel better I am up way too late.
My laptop won't stop playing Rolling in the Deep. I think it's because it's a Dell.
Let me just... Ugh. Nevermind.
i have my baby sis sleeping on my chest and i just noticed she has a big butt hehe xD :p
Mother #Self-care is non-negotiable! Join the #1MillionMovement for moms today!
1902- Pierre and Marie #Curie discover
My name is Ryan Patrick and I'm the Product Manager for Hoovers API
Good times had at the wine expo. Tonight. Feeling cultured
SUCH a guy thing...
#MyCelebCrushIs do the count<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> yes then them<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
#Mozart's "Ave Verum" gets my vote for one of the best short choral pieces of all time. Gorgeous, and to the point.
I recently read that love is entirely a matter of chemistry. That must be why my wife treats me like toxic waste. ~ David Bissonnette
Holy crap. Memorial Day is in two weeks?? Welcome to the slippery slide of summer scheduling...
What corner of Fullerton & Sheffield to you pick up on?
Hahahaha that was funny
#cowboysnation! send me your collective addresses so I know where to send your playoff wreath. Turn out the lights. The party's over!
where them lil joints @?
lot more Christian literature in Memphis airport bookstore than I would've guessed. Called "inspirational literature," but 100% Christian...
DID THE UNBELIEVABLE TONIGHT.
boomers facebook
Isaiah 12:5 NIV Sing to the Lord, for He has done glorious things; let this be known to all the world. Isaiah 12:5
That is good to know but still think he would have no chance. Respectfully disagree.
Its krazii how ppls is still racist #r.i.p trayvon martin ..!!
Ging to Chicago saturday at 2:00 AM.....staying at my friends house friday cuz we going together
just saw your Tweet... were you thinking he was related to one Justin Bieber? I know you're a Bieber believer, Reid.
Camilla a B A D BITCH period <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> got them bitches spooked
I'm extremely sore. I'm unable to layon my back. I will see my doctor. Great, enjoying life is awesome!! Have a great day!
#np: Smile Back - Mac Miller (:
#iwishyouknew how I felt about you, and the shyness won the battle and now it's to late...
...and there's free peanuts and hot dogs here!!! Best bar ever? Quite possible.
Still haven't gotten out of bed
YAYY !! I MISS YOU RETARDS !!! <3
Safe to say, the dream ends here, Louisville.
this is why I love you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
You as well. Look forward 2 your Tweets. RT : Thanks for the follow! Good to see you on here!
My Grant Morrison's writing Impersonation: "Why... who did... the barrier is in flux... it... is... I... am... god!" "Climb into the womb!"
Happy Friday and Happy Easter Weekend!
Going w/B, W/Success of Mumford/YTG/Gotye et Al, that sound is shapping what we do. The rock stil peaks its head in as well.
Jennifer Kinon is fabulously talented and wonderfully responsive. Thank you for beautiful and strategic work for
SO BUSY!
I'm not new just sayin, would they use n word. Satire teaches However the easy and often use of F word is a pandemic
yeah NOW u say that, u was RT everytime they mentioned that kid with Uk
Mr. John Westfall & Dr. Robert Johns Honoring
FUCK OF ALREADY. DO YOU NOT KNOW HOW TO LEAVE SOMEONE ALONE?!
it doesn't sound like that's what's happening. they're eliminating the "spectrum" but expanding the "autism" definition.
I had several profound thoughts over the weekend. Unfortunately I can remember none of them now.
Man fuck today !
RT : Rachel Buehler of is headed to in San Diego today to visit the kids!
I did FOLLOW BACK “ follow hun”
No, the Cavs conceivably fall to 6 but that would mean 3 teams wouldve jumped them and that's very, very unlikely.
That's because you need to use ;)
Can white guys be black people lovers?
how much??
[Campus Bulletin] This is actually an intense game of chicken with u[sic]ga administrators to see who'll reopen first.
Oh, right! Whiskey Saturday is the best kind of Saturday!
We can't all live and love as Americans when justice is not present and realized by all...
Hey buddy!
@ jsteinshouer did you see just gave jimnnicks a shout out? Feels like I should bust out the still smells like BBQ shirt.
Have #TheVoice recording 4 tonight!Cant wait.but i have a feeling that im going to miss it thats y the DVR comes in2 play! Cant miss Justin
well damn mi amor lol ;D I'm on facebook and twitter lol but your voice is worth more <333
This week has gone by so fast, I can't believe it's Thursday tomorrow! Next week is gonna go by even faster (:
Hahaha! You and Mr. Furley would make an awesome team.
I have something very exciting to share with everyone on Twitter! We had a video put together for our holiday event and it is now on youtube
Don't forget to see Blake Wilson from "Terrible People" 9/20 8:30pm at Jerry Farber's Side Door.
Leave office at 8pm, spend night working issues with users. Seems to be the reg Friday night fun.
What a finish to a pretty great #MLS Season for the league... PK's to decide the winner... Great Game. Congrats to RSL
going to the lakers game aha :P
quit being a tease... lets see the control room...
I feel really bad but I'm not gonna be at stepanski day tomorrow :'(
be sure to rehydrate! A glass of water or a Gatorade now is better than an IV later lol
M just keeping current
RT Do something nice for a stranger today, even if its just a smile for someone who's having a bad day. Share some sunshine!
I don't need this shit.
Did you know Chevy has 10 models offering 30MPG or better?
Ima Start A Riot, Ima Start A Riot
Had physical therapy in the YMCA pool in Gardena today. Felt so god;-)
This sentence just in at the Lost and Found: “He’d brought in his fancy specifically to be tickled, and now it was covered in blood.” Yours?
Loved you with Kelly this morning! So charming! Your Twitter grandma is (I instead of e)!
Thx! See you soon! RT : Getting ready to head out to UNLV for #AIDSWalk12 to benefit ! Who's coming?!
Thanks guys! I do my best. :)
Tweet quiz: what piece am I listening to now that has this famous opening melody - D A C Bb A
5 stars: Harrow, Goodwin, Poythress, Wiltjer. 4 stars: Hood, Cauley. Only at UK is that a down year in talent.
Have a great day
will be open in Millersville from 9-1 on Saturday (tomorrow) as usual. Also for Twitter or Facebook followers $25 off any
Lana Del Taco.
HP&#39;s beta cloud service to begin in May; Zenith launches TigerCloud
Shame coach Mack hasnt been able to get this team to play defense. Big reason I miss Coach Miller
We sent out the freebie code for the participants in our FB feedback Friday. If you haven't received the code, email
Oh you are so sweet !
Here's my new Twitter account for information, thoughts, inspirations about the music of NO RESERVE, from the founder and lead guitarist.
Switching it up tonight.. 's Sailing Souls until i fall asleep <U+E022>
Going B**!
Another short sale closing followed by YPN meeting tonight.
There go the Americans. Bastardising sorry 'BastardiZing' the mother tongue again.. ;)
Take bigger luggage, please.
“: I. HATE. LIARS.”<-- Wooooooooooooosa!
I don't know about that bro... Kobe isnt a slouch on D. He plays with intensity heart and drive
#ktco – The question of the week: What tools, online or offline, are most important to your business?
If a #medschool library, I'd ask, "which muscle?"
and are running for UT Student Gov Office. Show your support
lmao this girl ! Love ya Cuban ass
missing you dude. Ate we ever gonna meet again?
killer instinct? How about instincts, period.
totally. I'm extra nice to because there's fair chance he will be my boss someday :)
Why am i so tiered
goodnight everyone :)
": If ur in #Vegas ur only must have contact 4 anything & everything is If u don't know, now u know #Nightlifeguru"
I know what you think I don't know
Social scaffolding of writing: use the 1st sentence of a novel as a writing prompt and have students discuss how they tackled the assignment
you didn't seem to get the point did. She retweeted. You facepalmed. What are you missing?
are you getting the 12s saturday bro
Set up custom tinyurl & bit.ly URLs pointing to your Google profile - own your brand!
"Every brick, every board, every slamming door blown away"
Haha! Oy - myspace. Which reminds me...I don't think ever deleted my account there..hmm...
Hate when my 7-year-old and 11-year-old act more mature than my 15-year-old and 19-year-old.
#Indianapolis Economic Development, Inc. is now on Twitter. Follow them for news on #Indy job growth. An early
OK. I can help. I will send you a link.
The Vitranos are a media/entertainment empire.
Former #Indy resident now in LA getting the biggest laughs so far tonight. Add Zanland to your #indyfringe list.
been on set for this film production since 6am -_- lol ill hit you asap.
Nash did a great job of using the hearing to address concerns. Foster Youth with me said CLC protocol too confusing.
Even when Austin breathes, he makes me smile.
hmm... if boy names on girls aren't cool then i'm a little screwed!
For anyone who has sparred with today re: Notre Dame, you need 2 realize that irrelevance is magnified by silence+indifference
Please pray for my friend in rehab.
Share My Life Baby !
Relaxing and catching up on some music. Hoping this migraine will go away soon :/
Oh my #brandival so much dancing and magic! Thanks
thank u for giving hope to all of #COkids trying to overcome an abusive
Haha, for president. As evidenced by the American flag...
love to help.
I have the sexiest followers. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Not tell her then lie to me.
I might just put up with the aurguin and stay foreal!
Who doesnt like that song ? :)
plus I got to actually hear the pronunciation of Mjolnir! LOL
that makes me really sad. Poor thing.
Alright. I am just going to say Monday is the day and see you there.
Getting all of the banners out today and tomorrow.... Don't forget to hang yours Thursday! EAT LIVE BREATHE.... BLACK and GOLD!!!
Heard that the roads are really icy and bad, so drive slowly and take your time getting everywhere. God Bless and have a great night!
Drooling after a day time nap and am 1/2 asleep.
Lmao RT : I'm not a punk, he just evil
What happened???
Happy Birthday
Billy passed the 3rd grade oh what a wonderful dayy, passing 3rd grade the Billy Madison way
I know we got no strings attached but this can b a perfect match...
part 1 was good(:
follow back??
How interesting. Now shut the fuck up I will flip in your face.
Just went horseback riding.
follow me
Thank you for the #FF. Hope you had a good weekend!
ah nice
Dont pray for tasks equal to your powers, pray for powers equal to your task.
learning to become a popular blogger at #tellsell #sxsw. Oy, I need a lot of luck.
I Clicked On your Twitter and Your Backround Scared Me o.O
female its calle mi hair was curled obvously we had 2fire drill b4 lunch and we all noe yuh jus fina do yo hair again #WOOP!
"Because I like to cling to the possibility of becoming sexually active." Best quote of the conference so far.
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic in American Songwriter & Music Connection, Lollapalooza & Billboard Magazine Song Contest Finalists *
Wishing everyone a great ne year!
Snow tires>
#FF My partners in crime
haha- i can't wait to see you in philly- it's kellyanne
feel better! sending virtual... well, something more effective.
L U V MADONNA Y O U YOU WANNA
Left the house this morning without my Kindle. I have not felt this separation anxiety since forgetting my watch back when I wore one.
this is great!
BAHAHAHA. Skidmore. Crazy. You can;t make that up!
When I wake up, I smoke a blunt before I eat!
My phone keeps shutting off...no bueno!
Juss wanna get out of work already so I can party
Sweet or suite!
At Maria's bar, far west side, drinking Okocim and regular walks in, just won little lotto and buys entire bar a round.
"At every cross way on the road that leads to the future, each progressive spirit is opposed by a thousand men appointed to guard the past"
I would also note the absence of the dreaded (by me, at least) tabbed search box found on so many library sites.
State testing dumb as fuck couldn't get any worse then that fuck being quite
#1thingicantstand -.- go fucking die in a hole Fags..
And why am I at work today? Oh the joys of being in corporate retail.
slow news day?
You wake up in the morn & it's really sunny out, but then you go outside & it's freezing...that really messes w my head.
thanks for the follow, u from Chitown?
Wood Patio cover kits - Home Improvement Ideas
I knew I could count on you guys! Yummy!
my face feels like its gonna explode.
likewise! How are things?!
Music Marketing - You make more of an impact when you attempt to be something specific to fewer people vs. something generic to many people.
of course you can :)
Old country buffet in brookfield is closed. Saddest day of my life. Oh the high school football memories
Dresden. And u kind sir?
got my glasses and sunglasses last night! cant wait to show them off to family and friends. will definetly pass your name around
“: Done trying. I don't even care anymore.”
#taylorswift looks stunning!
I love you , &' I just wish the special day for you to follow me back would just come already /; <3
haha! So what's been good with the music lately man? Got any new stuff out?
Doctors strike: Patients worst off in doctors-Lagos State Govt tango - Business Hallmark
Use the Ohio AG's charity search to find out whether an org is registered to solicit donations here. $ info to be added over the next year
RT : More than 30% of Americans are #mobile only. Accesibility, affordability and adoption are key
Just downloaded an app to watch free Korean dramas just wonderful
If you ain't wit the 2's then partner u losin !!!!!
just sent you over the information regarding the Mavs Fan Experiences. GO MAVS!
Good morning peeps
Got dismissed an hour early <3
ok I followed no can u do the dm thing please
Is the text up here large enough to read from the back of the room?
your sprung .. Lol (:
Job search fail is so depressing, discouraging. and stressful. I'm going to take out my frustration killing people on COD MW3.
BuenProvechoTx, thanks for following us on Twitter!
as bad as it seems, it has to be good for Jacob Tamme!
Bwahaha! RT Sleeping to the point of chainsaw snoring in the South Station bus terminal is a skill not lost on me, Sir. Kudos.
It's moving day!
don't you think hacking is the modern burglary?
That must have been CGI. unreal.
thank you and I hope you have a nice Easter too
isnt that for the dual credit also?:0
is that your replacement to the 9th floor snack kart? Not bad!
Tonight is the night #choppedallstars RT and show some support for our favorite chef !
US leads Belarus 2-1, out shooting them 14-4 after 1 period. Plus, Captain America Johnson is donezo for a head shot on Red Skull.
Autism is not caused by bad parenting. I have great parents, and I can tell u r a caring, devoted mom.
Saw your picture on facebook! you look gorgoues! Have fun at prom! Love you lots!
Life is like riding a bike. To keep balance u gotta keep moving.
What a day my perfume got me a lot of winks while I was running around.
oh I love the hair!!!
Prove it.
Any recommendations for a good tailor in DC?
If its 11:30 PM Dec 31 in Texas and 12:30 AM Jan 1st in New York
George Bernard Shaw I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.
thats what happens when you've got goodie as a mentor
hoe's your new job Beth?
So how was the weekend Milwaukee?
Montezuma's Revenge
Check out our "Try It" Class on Tuesday from 5:30-6:30pm. Email to reserve a spot!!
Facebook seems to be back up... still a good-sized outage for a site that big...
: Thanks, Rich, always glad to help
Storming the field in soccer!!! ESPN2 madness.
Finally. V-Neck season is upon us!
So far 1 snake, a few Scorpions, Run in w/ Javelina, Bats in outdoor light, Arcadia area is starting to look nicer 2 me.
promise I'm not stalking u but his Brand Gap is awesome too. He used to do workshops in sf. So inspiring.
grades are up!
Price is misleading. Factor in life span and replacement cost - not much cheaper than MacBooks. Not the reason to buy...
Dead to me - you didn't take me to Belgium. ;-) cc
A beer and the Mavs at the Landing. Good times in Dallas.
pedestrians were jealous of that parking job
Getting on the plane to Haiti...This is it!
Well done #fowler! Winning with a birdie! Class act.
Had a very interactive crowd last night who really got into the show. Did something special that we normally don't do.
inbox me if you wnna talk more (:
Watching the #caseyanthony trial opening arguments. She looks like complete trash. (I know she is, but she could at least clean up some.)
Dear why won't u allow images for advanced scheduling on FB? Really? #PR ppl - What alternatives are there? ? Help!
Matt won't let me try an avocado milkshake.... :(
Has an idea for a play. It's a shame I'm not a writer.
oh, she's moved on by now don't worry. but yes she was talking about you. also, it's late for david! i'm confused.
you could put him in your pocket!
more shots ;)
Today is a White Chocolate & Macadamia Nut Cookie sort of day for keeping calm, cool and collected during those hectic times!
Happy Tuesday, everyone! Any exciting plans for today?
Snuggling in my snuggie . <U+2665> Care to join ? , lol .
Can you just be with her and hurt me now, rather thn waiting...
Until March , i'm doing a musical
All I wanted 2 do was party w my beautiful girl and my friends primarily on my dime 4 my birthday. Limo. Many bottles...everyone cancels
Not sure how I didn't get your awesome drawing
heart attack!
Nothing but Love
contact Stacy at RT rather than voting can we donate directly?
Then it wasn't really news, but just a space filler. Interesting though. BTW who was elected?
Bro me too.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
$K£!||€X is good shit. what else are you listening to? for me it's and short songs, and
Gd pt RT Is pinterest really mobile? Mobile site doesn't work too well in my experience
excellent meeting you. nice place and good people. i'll be back.
BUMPINRVIDERKlVN Early in the FXCKEU MORNING my guy Lyrics ComplExwit dat 90s flow dat guy spitten death in ears and mind
Let me see how long they say but I believe the Cavs 2.0 aint gonna get it done.
Learn sumthn new everyday....
you are a badass!
Denver<3 tim tebow is so effing hot <3 !
just met the dalai lama. omg. my life is made. what a concise and profound person!!
Facebook comments is dynamite. Part of me thinks now that they have almost every business on platform they've moved on.
Watching Horrible Bosses
this must be your lucky day then?
Seems like if you're good at gambling, you're a professional. If you're bad at it, it's an addiction.
Yeah, but too bad I wont be at NYU. The rents were talking about how big the rats were. Ew.
CFB has always been about arguing over unprovables, plus the fear that your player/team/conference is getting screwed. Kiss that goodbye.
The Silk Tie likes Elijah! I wear ties when I play Monopoly, when I get beat by masters at least I look good
why can't you force somebody to like you ?
Ugh! I can't sleep!
it's okay. it's a radio station.
you already made it :p
just awful.
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Lol Dill goin Ham cuz he ain't get no present frm Aunt Miriam n Tommy offered to share his toy but Dill ain't goin out like tht lol
AMEN!!!!!! RT : Rule 2: Never bad mouth your teammates. Ever.
Thaw frozen meat and poultry in the refrigerator and not on the kitchen counter where bacteria can grow.
So much news passes before our collective eyes every day that we couldn't possibly cover it all. Mostly because much of it isn't wo
My mom definitely just texted me from her bed, right across the hallway.
as long as im with you babe we can watch Ellen for all I care...
Got my tickets for the game vs. THE Ohio State University. It's a few weeks away, but I'm looking forward to it already.
are we staying with your mom ?
Hey there! Sorry for the late reply. No, I was never on Judge Judy. Thank god. She'd tear my ass up.
Stop wearing hoochie mama shorts then!
I weighed Fiona and she's about 16#. I have a feeling that's a touch overweight. How did you get Oliver to shed the poundage?
nice what song?
Librarians have an opportunity to step up and take a role in the world of data, data analysis, and data curation. Dessy
the process is more about who is wrong instead of who is right
yes ... snooze-Fest!!
656 followers - I think I need a special diabolical treat for my 666th!
Quite a haul. Hope it's worth it. RT: : Alright, I'm done with hunches. The entire press conference was about Seth Jones.
RT : Worth every penny.
the playoffs are so exciting
Another day on the court! Tourney Championship Game
Our country is heading in One Direction, the crapper
Emerging Talent: Theophilus London -
I love how the sound of the street cleaner sends my neighbors and I in a panic to move our cars. I was OK, this time. #FUstreets&san
i cant
don't try to rap if you aren't good.
Lofl. Yep. RT : MTV Movie Awards 2012: "Best Fight" ---- The fans VS
It's a hockey night in Pittsburgh!!!!!!
Veronica stacked her blocks for the first time today!
Did you know Zuma Fun Center gives out FREE tokens for As & Bs?? Bring in your report card and let us reward you for all your hard work!!
Learned that lesson the hard way b/c I've had the full Barcelona experience too. If only it were like the full English breakfast.
Apparently my face was just on on my boy's episode of Shark tank for
Hello! I'm also a former foster kid. So very good to meet you here. :) ~Conna
My life lesson learned today is that Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.
Writing tip from #CTfictionfest : Plan your next day's writing the night before. set time or word goal
I swear my brother can be so retarded sometimes
Offering all businessess FREE mobile media marketing Success to All!
Remember the iconic civil rights pix? Suited black men wearing the printed sign "I AM A MAN." Powerful. No masked glass-smashers there.
Make sure you follow the team
On dis Hen
B-rock is Brian. Kevin left to hang with family and do a few others things. Kevin is the oldest ogre group.
The building is electric. I haven't seen it like this in years.
Bring it on. Don't take Derrick Ward in the first round -- I hear he got cut today.
yay! Can we bring zach? He wants to go too, you can meet best man in my life haha
After being treated to a fab blow out last night, I find myself wishing I had a live in hair stylist.
"Winning is habit. Unfortunately, so is losing." - Vince Lombardi
Stall 2 is down! I repeat stall 2 is down! The toilet seat has been torn off! Stall 2 is down!!!
Good morning! Happy Tuesday!
If you fight like a married couple, talk like bestfriends, flirt like first lovers, protect each other like siblings, you're meant to be.
6 complete games
I'm going to be in a first friday exhibit tonight....well, my photo is anyway... :)
That's pretty slick. I like them.
Hey #Flyers, where's the jam!? Let's go.
Well work sucks..Sunday hurry up so I can b off..can't wait to grab a 40oz when I get off work,gotta b stress free..
you know you #DoinToMuch when you tryin to call some one rachet well if i'm rachet you rachet so get real
This guy on CNN made a good point. Do we wanna be "sexual rednecks"?
Why is someone from Argentina trying to log into my account? Thanks for saving me, Gmail!
starts tomorrow and on the 26th! Hope to see you folks there!
I'm gonna eat some hot steak with my dirty wife at bob chins
My dad just called hand sanitizer antibiotic :)
who wanna kick it with me & & tonight???? hmu!
lol! Whatever! How are you?
The Remington M870 is a inexpensive best-selling U.S. pump action 12 gauge shotgun, known for it's reliable and simple action.
Thanks for RT. Was wondering if anybody would catch that. :-)
I figured u wouldn't be swayed that easily! Either way he's no Derrick Williams but then again who is?! ;-) Hope all is well!
LeBron never shows up late.
Come on
Hello to our Eastern WA friends!
Going to new york, new york today hehe(: xoxo
going the 18th leaving the 20th
We're hearing great things about the last night. Sounds like it was quite the show!
lol love you too
I was considering getting on the plane back to nyc tonight. But I just fell in love with a bartender and I'm reconsidering.
thanks! Fixing it now!
The only good thing this show had left was the possibility of Mark & Lexie getting together. Good luck w/ season 9, jerks.
what do you think of the proposed red light cameras being added to generate revenue?
Let your past make you Better. Not Bitter.
Its acceptable to post statuses every 5 seconds on twitter..but on facebook, oh no no.
my 3rd eye stays open
I would feed you all my love. Not like sexually referring to my penis but fictional fairytale love
Curious... Did you intend to block me on Instagram? I tried to follow you there. <U+270C>
omg I'm just gonna sit in my dam fridge ...
any idea when some of the nike stuff like the gloves will go on sale?
TAXES DONE!!!!
What are the specific requirements around injury disclosure set by the NHL? Do they change for the playoffs?
most definitely. As soon as I can find the time. My weekends are booked the next couple of weeks.
and then IU sent out the press release. Uk has the lease for Lucas oil for a game still. It maybe ucla or TX
thanks for the follow. I think we can have great synergy with our interests. How does chocolate impact your life?
kourtney help me
I'm more than irritated than ever.. WHATS HAPPENING! :l
When people speak in questions, I immediately start discounting IQ points. Yes, I'm judging you.
. I don't know if I am a gardener, but I am sensitive to what will and what will not grow at Hankins Ranch.
The person who seeks all their applause from outside has their happiness in another's keeping. - Dale Carnegie
He couldve stayed longer !
What keywords are your competitors targeting?
Steppin' out from 0 2 1 in faith towards gr8tness in God & a future multiplied in blessing! Refuse 2 live mundane when my God is Miraculous!
What did you do this weekend? Did anything crazy happen?
cant wait i lovbe u more than u can even imagine Justin love love love:)<3$!!!!
Now you can submit exciting questions yourself! Or you need #libtechchat ? :)
you make your bed you lie in it: me: 1-min jokes, you: trani jokes. 2 artists. 1 cup. :)
Just one of the many "pleasures" of dog ownership!
To be the best you've got to beat the best
halfway there, just a little under 500. Thinking another 1K from this point. For now, dinner to keep DH happy. will be #amwriting later.
Just got a wicked hankerin' for a Grilled Stuft Burrito. Haven't been to Taco Bell since I found out what's in their "beef"
talkcounts hosts teen dating forum on healthy relationships Saturday at 10:00
I have thought about pretending I wanted to rent the place so I could check out the tunnel. Would be a cool piece
oh. do tell.
...it WAS until 1) people kept asking me for things and 2) one of my minions got off with a light sentence from Twitter jail.
St James - Obi Enechionyai (Virginia Elite) connects on a 3 ball to tie the game @ 62
Gym today? I think so.
oh nice man yeah she's good peeps! Hope you guys took care of her. Actually building my website or my new biz! Recovering from
Time will explain it all. He is a talker, and needs no questioning before he speaks. -Euripides
Another big name for This time it's ! is working hard!
It's a 498 mile road trip from IU's campus to the Georgia Dome, will students make the trip for the sweet 16? Story on at 4!
The brand NEW special 'Dancing For The End with Pamela Pachukova' will be in July 1th on Nick in live from L.A!The beginning of my tour!
#miniaturebullridingworldchampionship is a amazing opportunity for young cowboys, thanks !
4 days! I don't think I'd live past 2 days in Vegas.
It's (literally) Where The Sidewalk Ends in
Thanks. We're glad you like it.
Spent my day laughing at Catholics with ash on their forehead, they remind me of hobos :)
if #BraylonEdwards can get a TD, then it's been a great fantasty #Thanksgiving, go fantasy points
OK, you asked and we heard, #HummingbirdPOS is now free for download.. check out #GooglePlay #AndroidMarket for details.
Not a Tebow fan but you got no choice but respect his on the field performance
Love is EVOL
Keep watching my tweets haha
Drake's Club Paradise Tour is coming to the 'Burgh 3/26! Listen to WAMO100 all week for ticket details and to win tixs to the show!
it looks so sweet and babylike I hope it is just a full grown lost mouse
MARCH FOR BABIES with us tomorrow morning. Meet us at the small park next to the Georgia World Congress Center, GA Dome 830AM
I am looking for volunteers who want to share. - RecoverYourLife ...
He needs to connect with some builders!! I am studying for a new designation that helps me work with them. Hum!
hey, summertime is crazy. Soon though. Forward link to performance.
Looking Fot Hot Tracks?
FOR SALE – UNDER 1/2 PRICE. Largest 4-day Women’s Business Conference in N. America - eWomenNetwork 12th Annual International Conf & Biz E…
Humans r the only creatures on earth who claim god, yet the only ones who act like they dnt have one.
kk i just followed everybody
u dated rebbeca b right??
us that hes been having problems & been depressed & all & it legit made my love for Austin disspear & BAM! PSANDERS APPEARED!(:
I got an actual type-written letter w/ cool stamps sent in the mail to me from on #obscuraday. Drafting my reply.
should favorite this, because it will make me happy.for life. Thats all it takes. Hes my idol. Ilovehim
MT from audience: why are only centers getting checked for fraud in milwaukee? There are 72 counties in the state.
Yes, Pinterest boards are overwhelming sometimes. I'm using it more to share what I find than to find things to share
Bzjdizdsuxkdjff. I need to go to best buy.
Despite what my friends at say, I am finding it impossible to sip slowly #stone creek coffee
Solace tonight = copious beastie boys. Wherever you go.
Louis_CK_Beacon is funny and profound. Thank you.
Saturday NIght: MetLife event @ the airport. Something about hangars I just love.
Worked on TV program, An Awesome Autism Christmas... Check out song at www.AmyAmes.com on music page.
and she knows that,,, In fact you sitting on twitter defending her and she not even defending herself.. so what u say about that?
didn't see yours...what happened?
sorry i'm just now getting back to you! Yes this is the dress i drew for you at work!! haha
Be blessed in all you do and forgive as you would want to be forgiven! Rest well, night!!
mau I have a question. what do you like? I want to send you some stuff <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Pizza of the Week: Johnny’s Italian Special - Our House Specialty! Sausage, mushrooms, onions, pepperoni & green peppers
At Jimmy's Of Chicago singing karaoke with my bestfriend & her coworkers!
Hannah may or may not he wearing the jeggings I bought her. She has like 6 pairs of that color
Let's go Knicks!
RT : Temperature check: At Noon, it was 68 degrees at Central Park and JFK. At LaGuardia: 69
: Ha! Good to know. Some of us start getting nervous around the 20% mark!
TY guys I am Praying very hard! Praying for ALL and EMS FIRE and POLICE
You're a professional at ruining my mood. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
patty is on a different level tonight. You (Ryan) have been the topic of conversation tonight :) haha
not if you're calling me sir! Right ma'am?
lucky eyes...
I think you should have Zayn Harry or Niall come to prom with me in Boston! #DanceAllDay #UpAllNight they won't regret it:)
i second that emotion.
“: Benefits of Grapeseed Oil ” < check out our #Sombra Massage products we have it in our products. .com
What are your resolutions for 2012? Have a fun and safe celebration tonight! Happy New Year!!!
I joke, I joke, I kid, I kid! (Eminem Voice)
Who needs Mariano Rivera when you've got John Lackey? Am I right??
Dear #Ohio Media, for the next year when Brady Hoke says 'Ohio', please respond with "you mean the school that beat your basketball team?"
Hey thanks!
arizona ... Again -_-
Of course, we need to raise more non-profit $$$ to get a bigger/better space...but how hard can that be? :)
Of course, we already took our school trip to Kings Island and is going this Saturday -.-
no no! A fed coxswain is a happy coxswain! Don't skip meals missy!
Now its raining in SAV. I'm not getting home tonight. #fail HELP!!!!
i understand girls talk behind my back..but the thing is, im real and thats something they lack.
Happiness if finding four drink tickets in your wallet before flight time.
Up much earlier than I wanted to be. Reminds me of the morning I got the title for "Quiet House" on my cd, "Out Of The Shadows".
Going to
If you're not following you need to. or ICP fans are going to hunt you down. or gingers will. most likely gingers.
I like sparkly.
going to the Gallery Church in Flatiron. Ends noonish? Will be on my own until 2ish.
#4cnarrative daily updates
Bubba Watson's win @ Augusta is a complete reversal from '97 when a black man won the Master's nd Bubba was in the White House.
I will NOT be the class clown. Out of 70,000 applicants they picked me and I'm going to show them why! Once I heard this my eyes got watery
West is more exciting than the East this playoffs? You're high.
fact! This is an awesome city. I know you'd enjoy the food and drink as I have.
Great hustle by Seguin in front of the net to score the dirty goal.
aww I didn't even see you! :-(
miss u
Thank you! Happy Friday!
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year Cliff and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
yes Dave again <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> I REALLY want to win!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Bodysurfing at the beach. Gardening blowout... hedge and tree removal. Barbecued corn on the cob and porkchops with applesauce. Yeah, a...
Game headache.
hell yeah, im almost done with my credit recovery tho
RT : RT : Q3) How to be a better facilitator from within the crowd, not in front of it.
Can you plz tell me ur shoe size FANSHOES my company has designed a customize casual shoe for u as your Christmas gift. Thanx
Owls are well and fine til one screeches outside your window at 1am.
who you calling a slut?!
Brand new episode of #TVD tonight at 8pm! Directed by my favorite
awesome, I will be sure to check it out!
is on her way to 400K! Let's get her there!!
I bet disagrees. He once took a picture of 4 simply juices in his fridge.
I think we can find some room for upper management. Okay, you're hired.
Ending was a little abrupt. I agree with most of your points, but just didn't love it as much as the book.
I miss being at home :(
ah 18 hours until I don't get tickets ;) bet you thought I was for a minute! I would if I could go to NYC! xx
iphone here i cum
My sister look beautiful in her prom dress <U+E32D> she grows up so fast :')
and I suck hard, damn it.
Service Industry Night at the Crimson Canary! Killer drink specials all night! 141 S Broadway
i have been on the bulls court before i played there it is amazing @@@@@@
From what I understand, SA is not a big marvel scene, the hotspots in Texas atm are Houston and Austin.
Thanks Adam for the follow!
Barkley loves whores and booze! #TNT is pissa. Shaq can leave anytime though.
Sorry it is really expensive to send stuff to Australia. Can we do a Skype chat instead?
sorry guys I fuckled up. The scrimmage is here.
Welcome to my Friday nights. RT I bet a lot of marriages crumble from the pressure of deciding where to order dinner.
love your 5 style commandments in "destroy old photos that show you with big hair and wearing spandex" HA!
Thank you for your support! We love our fans more than anything :)
lol, well let's do it.
I really want to take pictures with my little cousins to create memories!! and soon ima show a picture of wat they look like :)
(my MOC) expects respect, but gives none to her opponents; her fundamentalist church, not the country, is her top priority
Great feedback from our taste testers! Submitted changes to the lab, and now awaiting our 2nd Delicious Licks batch!
you crack me up.
Really glad someone finally responded to that line. One of my favorites! Thx.
It's been a fascinating week. Gonna do some cleaning and hit the hay.
"I want to say something about love"
Today is gonna be a good day
You can't underestimate Gods timing. #RIPRyan Im going to miss you.
Mr. Besst put the Midterm Review answers on school web!!
You can say that again! :) Lookin' good, Spence! Love catchin' up with you & hearing about your adorable family! :) Cheers!
Proud to stand w Leader & , et al, at reintro of #ViolenceAgainstWomenAct. This. Must. Pass.
Yikes. RT : I might need to start drinking coffee on Thursday. I have to get up at 3 a.m. so I can coordinate a media int.
Making money and doing me 100%
Loves his #cleaninglady Socorro . My place is magically cleaned . Order in chaos.
fair soon! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
For our Sign Making customers...We are out of Black Carbon FIber VInyl, Chrome,Gold and very low on any Shade-Shift.
should have known my parents wouldn't leave Roanoke until 5pm to come get me....
MAU OMFG CAN U PLEASE DO ME A FAVOR AND FOLLOW MALLORY ALREADY <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> FOLLOW U BUTTLICKER
What do we need to do to get a special '90s medley arranged?
Interested in the ferocious abortion rights battle raging in America? Come see documentary film "12th & Delaware". Monday, March 7th, 7:00.
Hey would you mind retweeting this? > EVER DREAM OF PERFORMING MOVIE MUSIC? The is looking for more players!
El Cajon resident Wendy Huttson speaks to city council about not demolishing ECPAC and putting up a hotel in its place
I owe you a second big apology for putting you on the spot. I learned my lesson!
Civic Engagement presentation today on Shingles. If you have had chicken pox, the virus remains in the body & can appear later as shingles.
if we stay on the road much longer I'm gonna look like I've been living at waffle house lol
I couldn't date a girls with a manly voice, it's a turn off. Like why is your voice as deep as mine? Why?
Noda Studio crawl!
There's always something good to see, even in a bad thing. Learn to be thankful.
It was a mighty awesome episode! :)
Gia is so ADORABLE!!
Our 1st mystery: Which serial item records say they're in multiple formats?
Hey , seeing the sights?
lol ur funny be safe and god bless your travels
and we know it will be even more fab than the last time!
so jealous! Looked beautiful.
Mammoth trails 5-4 in low-scoring half. with 2 assists - 106 pts on season.
O can't wait to watch "exciting highlights"
follow back yo .
why didn't you tell me earlier?!? #islamexpert #ishmanomar let's take shots
Recent praise for Ancient Art Podcast: "Surprisingly interesting." Ah ... the sweet smell of success!
no u don't u didn't follow me
Apple juice makes my tummy feel weird
Just getting the hang of twitter tweeting...sorry for the missed mentions! Damn that antiquarian side of me!
thanks, was a little slow to dive in!
celebrating national coffee day with a pumpkin latte.. probably the first of many today
High glucose levels in the blood cause damage to the blood vessels and nerves
just saw a great fireworks show by the University of Pittsburgh.
Please follow our new Twitter account!
Your cyber-laughter is very impressive. Well done
stop it in a few yrs that's all your gona see so get use to it okr get a better tv
Too true. That last loop will kill me before the kids do.
Whatever firm, start-up, brand, agency, or University I work at, I want to love my job as much as the #CarTalk guys
Wow so I get btiched at for my opinion. Bro stfu. Shittt. I have my opinions and im nt gonna keep em to myself.
omfg im sick of everyones problems jsjrjwrw I DONT HAVE ANSWERS FOR YOU.
A well-spent day brings happy sleep. —-Leonardo da Vinci
Why is Gmail suddenly insisting on listing all times in am/pm format when I have it set to 24-hour format?
VIOLENCE/BEAUTIFUL FEMALES/SICK SLOBBERING PERVERTS/CHILDREN/BOOZE N EXCESS REGULARLY/DENIAL/3RD GENERATION OF THE SAME/FREEDUMB
The main thing experience has taught me is that one has to sort of hone their relationship to time, you know
I guess so
I AM A NERD and I've been buying these books for years, obviously.
CAN NOT WAIT!!!!
So don't tell nobody twitter but I just linked up with an up & coming production company. SS
That cat nap was great
Natural med ? - How do you get rid of a sinus infection that just won't go away, and traditional meds don't help it at all?
Yep, that's me! It's taken a while to get here, but with new friends like you, it's all worth it!
...of MRTI which is as you state, and the outcomes which seem targeted almost totally at one side in the conflict.
received my results from a few weeks back..74% African 21% European 4% Asian..interesting information
I don' wanna sleep.
I am thinking about starting a career as a con artist. Anyone wanna help me practice? Just send me money through paypal.
no I haven't gotten any time to email him :( been doing this and not sleeping much haha. I'll do it as soon as im sane again
Don't know who to root for; Rickie Fowler or Rory McIlroy! I'm thinking Rickie Fowler maybe
We now have our own Kol HaOt Facebook url: www.facebook.com/kolhaot. Become a fan!
STOP the presses Mat Kostrinsky admits he doesn't have a solution to a particular problem.
look so cute in your AVI boo !! I know you Havin a blast !!
Food baby.
Me too..
Learning about fields and entities in #drupal 7 from of
SOUPerBowlWeek fed 1343 homeless folks courtesy of Bouley, Original SoupMan, Southwest Ny, Forlini’s, Bubby's, Ferrara's and Lafayette Grill
Do you have anything
DO ANY Of My Followers have a OOvoo Im Bored
Thanks for following back! You should come in and try our Caldo de Res....DELICIOUS!
Great night of comics! Inspirational John Porcellino talk at & great BrainFrame performances by & !
No way should we trade him. MVP!!!
Wonderful Mike Wallace tribute!
Call it a curse Or just call me blessed.
lol. Are they? I didn't even notice. :/
After reading about the blog lawsuit over a twitter account ($340k!), I wanted to know my twitter worth. According to : $69
Thinking about starting early for Record Store Day. Easy Street opens at 9am. Who's with me?!
Dan Rather: We are still an experiment. We are the only country to strive to be multiracial, multireligious and multiethnic.
I love you more baby<3
Can you speak French?
please follow
#InCaseYouDidntKnow im a christian
We love the Beer Run!!
Rsvp with us tonight
lmfao i hate you. I'm gonna text you
"Jump Start Day" for Albuquerque schools. Call your specific school for details.
What can I say? Sometimes I lie.
Thanks for such a high compliment! RT : THE BEST TEAM EVER!!! A million thanks.
#MWC12 is the real deal. Enjoying myself and discussing #NFC all at the same time. Be sure to tweet me if in Barcelona for the show!
Taking a much needed break from studying...
Bob Evans rolls are legitimately the best things to forcefully enter my mouth.
Bar Specials All Night Wednesday - Saturday! $5 All Starters $5 Wines $4 Peroni!
We only know of them through the story, but rest assured there is no affiliation.
no laptop is working, but somehow my speakers are not working. :(
volunteering at the hospital
Sipping on some loose leaf coconut green tea <U+263A>
For instance, Jeremy Lin yanks his head back every time he is touched. He's either extremely weak or getting sniped.
This freakin article Im readin has to be the most boring thing I've read in my life -____-... clearly why Im still tweetin.!
Unfortunately we aren't open yet but take a 1 min detour off of 29 on your way to Sneak peek on construction
#SignsAPersonCantCook it takes them an hour to make minute rice
better not forget me
Hello from a former AZ resident! We're looking for startups for free mentorship and billing--any suggestions?
For the safety of cyclists, please look both ways before hocking a loogie out your car window.
which one do you work at ?^.^<3
Big 10 offense is to Tuesday afternoon as SEC offense is to Friday night
i could see Romney tapping Nick Burns for State
Watching the Facebook chat go from 5 online to like 20 online as peple get home from school.. Ahaha.
omg k. goodnight #crazzzythoughtsbeforebed <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A0>
thanks Carla for mention!
Off to a great start, keep it going all May! RT: ": sets new May fast lap: 222.203. #Indy500 #indycar2012”
You ought to hear the way retailers jump on me when I talk about egg cartons. They say, lay off of that stuff, will you? [1944]
ur a loser
i was in the post poop
Say somethin' baby don't be shy<U+2665>
Hi Jackie, thanks for the FF, have a great weekend!!
Jk home rawhide
Stimulating Winos
o ok cool and wre going to the movies?
FOLLOW ME ;)
Also, we should chat some time this week. Any time you're free in the evening is fine with me.
Come On RED VELVET PANCAKES.. Getting IMPATIENT w/
Whew! Paid my rent and bills this month...now I can focus again on my target goal...training + auditioning = bookings! Come on!!
sorry, I'm not one for joining the latest fads.
nice tumblr!!! =D
I agree with Zach Graves! Thanks for preparing me so much for the LA world :) miss you guys!
And S/o to my other lil bro
did you get your p90x from hightower? Lisa Kemp gave me hers.
I KNEW root vegetables were the source of your vim and vigor.
Respiratory Disease is China's leading cause of death.
My thoughts and prayers go out to the families of those honored today at the Nassau County Firefighters United Memorial Service
last tweet was for you...
Have you acted before where you are? What experience do you have in the acting business?
Chocolate cake and hash browns at 1am...I have a food problem.
Today I will find 1% good in someone and encourage them in that 100%! Join me in doing this today. Let me know how the person responded.
Senior Night tonight!!! Varsity lacrosse game @ 7:30 Milford Stadium, be there!
this guy.
No more snow and up to 50 today. Creeks and rivers are running high in PDX.
Back for good as in staying in Houston or just back for the summer?
That's basically what Ada did, though naps are sometimes less total and sometimes an hour or so more. Growth spurt sounds right
thanks for finding me.
I think we are good at the moment, but thanks for asking! We may need some help down the road, so keep in touch!
YAY! So glad you liked it! I'm pretty sure I stayed up late finishing it, too. Ha.
hahah! That's awkward though cause then you would be like one of the last to get into the theatre?
Refurbished iPad1s and iPad2s are available through Apple. I am keeping the iPad1 for sentimental reasons… :)
I'm already home. See you at CSF tonight!
she was so down to earth and accomodating - fun story to do,
I'm hoping to be in Milwaukee for the end of Summerfest (not certain yet), but, as such, probably would have to decline.
Doing your makeup in class...
The Weeknd - Montreal .. Perfect song yea \(^.^)/
It's too nice outside to teach class today. Ah well, at least I get to talk about Elizabeth I.
ok cool thank you
" follows you" oh yeahh *pimp walk while trying not to fangirl*
see also the Bay Bridge, replaced because of imminent danger of collapse in the next earthquake.
I am following the next twitter birds to follow me 5 minutes only!
I bought a piece of shit study guide from Note Hall. Thank god. Have to buy another.
I'm glad I'm catching the #Syria question. I was hoping to hear their responses.
Bill Nelson open to Rubio immigration plan
Anyone wanna text me tonight?
The prettiest smiles, have the darkest secrets. The prettiest eyes, have cried the most tears. The kindest heart, have felt the most pain.
I Need A Crewneck Like ASAP.
#YouKnowItsRealWhen You take your girlfriends mom shopping :)
its all about stupid plants...like I give a S***
Don't forget about our East Bay open call today from 3-7pm at Oakland Crossroads! We have full & part-time positions so remember your resume
noo but I heard bout it and I heard bout that nigga. he be spittin?
hell yea xD
Had an awesome time at Hoi with Jovy & Erv. Cravings for delicious sushi, good conversation, and tons of laughs have been satisfied ;-)
Apparently "take time off the clock" means don't run an offense or play defense. What a disappointing season.
I hope you reach 4,000 more followers! Give that signed Brady shirt away! I want it!!!
I can't believe that thought.
</3 Sasha Just Reminded Me Of How Much I Loved That Guy. #ThanksAMillion. :p
Heading to see in #Detroit! Hope plays "Girls in Their Summer Clothes" Love the song and it is close to summer!
Good night of NBA playoffs now time to get ready for avengers midnight showing hope its worth a year long wait
no way. you've never given a bad talk!
Thanks to #Delta for the cup of coffee while we wait for our plane. Like the service at #Detroit metro.
Retweet if you need some Island Frydays today!
I need a boob reduction like BAYTOE got a new nose. Aaron BarRaza got 4X4 signs, has more volunteers than I have, more ENDORSEments than ME.
Two sets of live music tonite at 8pm EST on www.jedluckless.tv :)
attending program on information literacy and visual literacy
This Sat., join OB Denver and Parks and Rec for a Platte River Clean up to celebrate Earth Day! outwardbounddenver.org for more info...
-_- why r u going to be traveling so much???
Ugh wasn't trying to be rude :-/ it just slipped out...
i don't understand what your tweet says but you have a fairly rad and punky profile pic. Just saying..
aww love that.
Just voted in the City County Bldg. Very smooth. Constant line of people moving quickly. Get out and be heard today or tomorrow
I would have preferred PSG, or someone less mid-table. But I'm just watching most games on the laptop anyway...
Repeat, RT all clear
The We Shared Milk is rad. You know you need to give away your rent money to 'em. I am.
haha ¡That's so funny:) thank u! ¿Y ''funny''? ¿Como es? ¡My gato esta loco con mi mamá! :-)
New bar in Adams M worth checking out. Sutra. Cool vibe. New. Good DJ
as his friend, i don't find that offensive. i don't know much about tumblr, but on facebook, a 'like' = more people see it.
Nothing will stop me from reaching my goal. No negativity. If you're going to be negative to me or around me, consider yourself ignored.
And I just held tight..
austin is so hot
oh god.
Its so AMAZING!! I love it!!!
yeah ew that's so germy & gross.
and time
He makes me smile....when all I wanna do is cry
Why did get fired? Seriously
Q2. I also read political blogs by pols who think they know something about our classrooms. They usually don't.
Stayn hone SOUND LIKE A PLAN
Well aren't you the social butterfly :) Sounds good.
I got 99 problems..
Snow now falling in the backyard!
okay you are awesome hope you get a thousands more tweets
Got Mass Effect 3!!! did you say something about rehearsals? Have no idea what you were talking about))
#justFAB we look forward to seeing you TikiDoll! (:
the Bisons articles will start flying in soon. I've been w/o Internet for last 2 weeks but gonna make roomies pay up soon.
Hopefully I make it through my 30's unscathed lol
This wind is bloody ridiculous!
Well, hello Austin! It sure is warm...and yes, I know I was just complaining about the cold in DC. Isn't there a happy medium somewhere??
me too. What time so the doors open? Have you ever been to one before?
"you gonna eat all that???" :p cheer up kiddo
Left ignores Obama willingness to use deadly force, killing thousands to serve U.S. interests. The Right ignores that he is excellent at it.
Basic bitches wear it so I don't even botha'
just boarded and doesn't look good for Bawlmer. Met Mr. Frank today.
Make more money before the end of this year with hair extensions! www.drwiggys.com
doing it in SF cus you're home for Christmas?
i always keep bella in my prayers
I'm awake and early to set. I suppose that's a good start to the week!
My 'Christmas Music' station on Pandora lasted 30 seconds before I got annoyed and turned it off
Come visit Local & Family History at Main on April 2nd at 1pm for the 1940 Census Lab and uncover information about your past!
It's only comes in waves and then goes away. Well it must be chemical.
#Bucks extend deadline for early season-ticket sign-up for next year. Now it's 4/30. It was 4/16.
i hope u dont think i forgot about what i said when i get up there uhm still taking u with me no matter what!
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen being told BTWBALL's tickets are sold out when someone finally answers the booking no. you dial.
domestic violence part of this program..
#neworleans Final Five: (undefeated 50 Years)
Suicide is a tough, Today hundreds remember loved ones in the #OutoftheDarkness walk in Atlanta.
<3 The Black Keys
Well our old #DesperateHousewives set will be empty I guess soon. No one but you and the coyotes :_). Sad to say... fun set.
I did a lot of invitations n still have a lot left
Good morning all! What's todays big thing?
#13Days and i #Believe that you will be my #BOYFRIEND !!!
planet of the apes marathon
Clean Water rally TODAY at 9AM-11AM! Lawyers Mall- Annapolis. Bring an 8x10 photo of water.
Some one talk with me I can't sleep
Dave King Trucking Company was amazing. So glad I made the drive up to Now for some Kinkaviwo with LUPE!
who is sam
Perfect after 2 rounds.....
so happy you're down. Both of us
Homecoming kicks off noon at Library Mall!
Congrats Heisman nominee !
A study finds that men holding guns look 17% more muscular than men without guns. No wonder hookers love the Secret Service
A2 Host a poker game. might reveal a few things about each other.
23 more days left of school its really about that time to FOOL ON THESE WEAK HOES!
There is healing for all in JESUS' NAME!
Open today. Normal hours 8AM to 10PM.
-___- i'm not even the one who broke them, it was my sister. she always acts like shit's my fault like wtf
Wow! The new templates on eblogger look great. Check out www.thepurposepost.com to see.
Yay! is back this week and working with 's team! I don't know how he deals with Aubrey though
finally about to head back home.
Alright, the tweets using the #southernthing hash tag were good, but we can do better. Best tweet gets a free tee shirt. Ready, go!
Sticks and stones
RT if you ever feel like laughing while your parents are lecturing you :)
You are welcome. Sorry we are late to the party in replying to this. Have a good week!
I'm drunk... Fuck hahaha I love you bitch let's smoke this shit up already
Forever is free to register and you immediately get 15% discount on your orders!
uh oh. How'd it go?
I think they will just give it to Gore. And this game is making it so easy to start Vernon Davis and SF's D next week.
Let us know if there is anything we can do to support the Feb 28 & Feb 29 Drive #savinglives cc:
thanks I am glad you cashed on that 5-0 night,as I said I worked another 4 hrs on #Soccer and 3 hrs of sleep
What good mothers and fathers instinctively feel like doing for their babies is usually best after all
Taylor swift time... Also, why is my pinky asleep? Wake the heck up dude!!!
Hahaha Tebow your run is over
were the brownies hot so the ice cream was melty?
Blood Drain - April Rena Moore : AuthorHouse via get 1 today soft hard ebook &#kindle & #nook. etc #b&n many more hugs RTplz
GUHHH I dont have the paper stuff for all of that!
fri and sat
Donors Needed!":NYBC has issued emergency appeal for donors -2,000+ units lost from Irene. DONATE TODAY>>1.800.933.BLOOD"
It's the absolute best feeling fam. Nothing beats that...Nothing! Proud dads stand up!
Sunday's for taking a break from the rest of the week and having even more fun
I love the rain!
Here come Da Bulls!
salads better
eat a box
and checkin in for the FG.
listen children and you will hear...today's the anniversary of the midnight ride of Paul Revere!
just woke up from a dream where some band named "NBD" covered all our songs and made them jazzy.
Hi Roma, hope you're well.
amazing show last night at the Hard Rock! loved your new songs :)
90% of the tweets I see from there would be more correctly slugged "is my old jam." man I loved him around then.
RT : Action 7 News has discovered a new Twitter page that's taking on local politicians and members of the media....
such a great presentation about by and ! Thanks so much for coming!
would like to wish HAPPY BIRTHDAY to former student Michelle Harbin!!! Hope you are having a great one!!!
Even snow and ice couldn't stop the fun times tonight. killed it! Can't wait for round 2 tomorrow!
Conejo Valley Home Cyber Location, Location, Location: It 19s a Market Reality in
when we meeting up?
You're the best!
I've been taking Nixon there for years, they are the best.
"Not having a government worked great in Somalia, but somehow we botched it all up." - Peter joins the Tea Party
God is the truth. Everything else is a lie
Tonight. Balzac. 830ish. Be there to celebrate 's day of birth. Come one and all!!
Sorry we didn't see your shit sooner. ;) #divisionx tags all the way!
You are now being followed.
W. T. Ellis~ It is Christmas in the heart that puts Christmas in the air.
yeah really. Not happy at all (though honestly not surprised).
What happens in July? RT #fsi2012 - Barry argues mobile #LMS apps aren't adequate for online tests. True, until Mid July ;-)
damn right!
We ditched the "Inc" -- way too 80s for this place. Follow, find and Tweet-us-up now simply
does Gatorade go bad?
": Ballgame. THE Los Angeles Clippers are moving on to the second round of the playoffs." ...congrats to ??? yea. Wow
i read what poppers are but what do they do other than give a head rush? why do people use? do the supposedly make you more horny?
Which is why I choose to call mine "bawse".
I just saw the picture about teethed!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
added! listed! #giddyup!
nice gig, what a great opportunity! enjoy.
that's sound completely drastic and irrational...come on Jazz...
I have got two reasons for success and I'm standing on both of them. - Betty Grable
I had it removed check out my blog
chi non lavora non fa l'amore
I have a crush on zach morris again.
no! You will! It will be beautiful!
Enjoyed a great happy hour w/, so proud of everything she's doing w/
I am who I am. I have curly hair. I have a geeky mindset. I love my life and my job. If you can't deal with that then, that's unfortunate.
Yeah , I'm irritated -.-
'cause mrs.sato made me ! where are you? come get your seat, ricky is singing...
Read book over the weekend - just loved it! hope the tour is coming to the washington dc area!
Our Birthday wishes go out to one of our favorite Team Members....Juan Villavicencio! Happy Birthday Juan!!!
ugh... I forgot about that thing... #inboxHELLcloseathand ;o lol
Milwaukee Affiliate Monthly Meeting Monday, Apr 2 at 6:30pm at Medical College of Wisconsin
This is not the time to fret about the economy. Stay about your business and keep going after your visions & goals.
Who thinks needs to sneak off to the #Muse2012 cocktail hour this afternoon? The husband and kids won't even notice...
Hey can you shoot me your email address? Thanks!
haha good so many possibilities here
I don't know a lot about politics, but I can recognise a good party man when I see one.
Happy New Year! 360 Twist is back and ready to take this year by storm.
Opponents hitting .391 against Wolf on the road. Brewers 1 and 2 hitters batting a combined .292 on road. Guess if we won.
Be on the look out for the shoot styled by the amazing
#np Crazy Girl - Eli Young Band ..my song to Paige
ONE-LINER: Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
permission accepted.
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 10
How does catering compare on movie sets with backstage at tapings/PPVs?
Phoenix with that comeback goal I told you about....back to a two goal lead
Thanks! RT. Enter the code PARKEASTCOMEDY to get a discount for the L.O.L Comedy Show Sat, 2/18 *Limited Amount Only!*
Guess whose picture I saw on the bulletin board at the Ballard SBUX? Cc:
": Bitches, Rozay, patron.. #Tao" ugh, without me... Not Ok
Ryan Murphy has a reputation of giving mixed signals about just who will be returning to his series .
Men should be like Kleenex…soft, strong, disposable.” ~ Cher ~
I just ate a chipmunk
On behalf of percussionists worldwide, I demand a retraction. That's a gong/tamtam, not a bell.
Added more track lighting with some flood lights to the shop to brighten it up more.
Gone in 60 seconds is on
by chance was anyone cooking and eating lobster in there? only logical explanation I can come up with
Ah life is god :3
I know I'm your favorite person , have u seen ur Facebook!(: love you(:
Waiting for my kids to come back from school to turn sprinklers on. Need to hear their laughter often today!
Oh prime time, How I've missed you!
What's a good app for following on an android? I need more daily updates.
i am sorry
Happy dancing in Vancouver! Thanks for the RT.
It is 86 degrees out today. Yep, the world is coming to an end.
Boxing fans if you can't join us in #Vegas for the v Ortiz fight next week #FF 4 the best boxing analysis!
I'm on a mission, to find these mcdonald's coupons.....
Grateful for the miracles of modern medical technology. Boyfriend's dad's open-heart surgery a decided success! Yahoo!
Headed to work for a long meeting! I should wake up in an hr or two! Its early!
Also the green beans and collard greens were great as well.
2 free tix to WI Beer Lovers Fest AND Summerfest in Milwaukee? 1 set given out /day for anyone who follows & RTs this!
Ready for some Spring Football practice?
I hope Penn State feels bad about forcing JoePa to retire....
I should be at this Drake Concert <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> but shii I was bullshittin bout those tickets... #smh I F'd up big on that one!!!
Sorry, I need a night off on a regular basis. We'll be back tomorrow night.
ARE YOU GOING TO CHURCH TOMORROW FOR ASH WEDNESDAY!?
Just met floyd mayweather! Really great guy! He donated 25,000 to st judes childrens ranch! Now go kick some major butt!
SPOTTED! Lady in front of us reading 50 Shades of Grey in church!
I use 2 b a use 2... But I neva got use 2
Meanwhile, the article itself is perpetuating the feel-good misinterpretation of what happened: "courageously gave their lives"
Knockout by Weezy and Nicki would be a masterpiece if it didn't have that stupid rock sound from Rebirth. What was he thinking.
Add some cheese and that's not a bad hot weather meal!
ooh you caught me. I secretly arrange photoshoots at Starbucks locations, it's a hobby of mine
I want to stay in bed for just a few more minutes with no repercussions like that whole being late thing. Just some goal setting!
I see in UR pic U love UR Cute doggie. Thank you for following me <U+2665>
Lost the remote and don't feel like getting up so I'm stuck watching women's basketball.... Shoot me
I must drive security crazy. Hahah.
int. re: EdayCarry, a non-reactionary kind could be deemed eminently rational; but statistical unlikelihood dooms it
I would send you some of our boring sun if I could :)
thats too much work too!! Lol
Are you aspiring to be twitter #famous?
. So, I just finished the movie (Abduction) and I really enjoyed it. Great job! Can't wait to see u in more movies. Peace!
Eating shit up!
RT Via- all followed this Saturday Hello
#Smallville ended close to the way I wanted it too.
That's really good.I also wanted to say thank you all your hard work,especially with the global warming info. you provided yrs. ago.
free tomorrow?
Thanks for the follow..For the past 6 months, I've been wanting to do what you are planning to do!
#twowordstomyex DEAD YET?
im ready we need to get some shows popping & do it ourselves
Thanks for following us!
Wesley Korir wins Derby Festival miniMarathon for third consecutive year. Says rain cooled him off.
Always a good tip RT : Don't worry about platform, worry about how you can reach people you need to reach
unsurprising with a lifestyle of alignment that one would be successful!
Swinging Richards Dukes it Out
All this stop and go traffic in NY is not for me.
i wish i liked factory floor prior to today's pitchfork article on them.
Thinkn lots bout dad this Easter. I know he will be celebratn in Heaven. Tryn to live my life like dad lived his.
He is going to Duke
My dad broke my mom's nose while cheering at a Lobo game. It was their second date.
Did u know that Anthony Evans that was picked last week is a Christian singer? Christina picked him.
they look so good! #pleaseshare Added bonus, you didn't set off the smoke detector!
Just three and a half hours until kickoff!
Orange soda
Can't believe #dbf5 sold out in 1 minute. Oh well- I'll be in Ireland.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-11
I'm at the CASE conference. Topic: managing senior staff's media expectations
who has formspring.me?
Practice schedule check, game plan check...time to make the donuts
There was a lot of Fire and #Rihanna on the Grammy Awards last night. There were also too many Members Only jackets.
About to listen to Justice Sotomayor speak at
"give me my firebird keys!!!!"
No problem. I understand those long days.
"Good god girl we don't think you have the plaque!" Lol love your dad
eek..also you are lining up gigs for sept! damn you are organized!
"I always wondered why somebody didn't do something about that; then I realized I was somebody."
nope. It's the new one coming out. Based on the horrible new movie.
glad it was useful to you
#FEDUP Similarly, BLOCKING #DebtCeiling (#MaxSpendingLimit) increase without first reducing spending below income will WRECK US credit.
people laugh at lebrons hair line, he laughs at their bank account hahahahah
oh my God, that is really horrible. I hope you'll be okay
Very little - fractions of a cent per play.
oh I def feel you on that!! :)
I agree but oh well haha I must say in all honesty your video was one f my faves
#FutureofPD is underway!
I just love Arizona rain!
IF YOU ARE A PROFESSIONAL HAIRSTYLIST YOU CAN SEND YOUR MAILING INFO. WHAT SALON YOU WORK AT& THE SALON NUMBER TO RECIEVE FREE PRODUCTS
No work tomorrow but I'm still gettin up early for LA Fitness!
- glad you got it taken care of :))
All this time we were waiting on each other. All this time I was waiting on you.
JACK BAUER KILLED OSAMA BIN LADEN funny Shirt
So sorry. Maybe look to share a room w/another participant? Use the blog to ask! (Too few fellowships, too many worthy people!)
Watching TV wrapped up in a Coca-Cola polar bear blanket my friends made me in highschool. They had the right idea ;)
#NP #JohnLegend once again/get lifted. #HeartfeltMusic this man makes complete albums.
Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart, as working for the Lord, not for human masters, (Colossians 3:23 NIV)
Anti-SLAPP Motion is great way to get frivolous lawsuit thrown out of court.
Online Rehab Clinic officially launches during: The annual, "International Week of Sobriety and Serenity" Jan. 5th thru 12th, 2011.
I'm fucking your favorite sister
Anti-nutrition includes burnt and over-cooked food, roasted seeds and nuts too. Acrylamide - find out about it before it gives you cancer.
Confused on how to jump start your credit repair process? e-mail for a free consultation
Hey if you won't mind could you wish and #pray for for me!! Thanks
BOYS:Be kind and gentle but not soft to the point that she controlls everything
Tried2not smoke2day,didn't work out,I don't know how I got through life without smoking be4,it just helps with stress,going2give it up 1day!
Latest version of Snagit 10 editor has become very slow and buggy - need a new screenshot app, looks like :-(
“: Complete Sale Process: Attract, Engage, Connect.”
Hey Tribe!, tomorrow is the show with Oh, Sleeper at the culture room! We would love your support <3 come out and hang :)
Yep, pretty much the same here. As soon as I can retire, it's a done deal.
I said I love u both lol. I just wont let nun happen either way!
addiction - EP-ology by Carl V. Phillips
Don't judge. RT : Because I know you've all been waiting. Water on the day: almost 400 oz. downed & 29 trips to the pisser...
#Wade is just too fine.
Even restaurants and bars, which economists said they believed would be most severely affected by snowy weather, had an increase of 0.9 %.
That moment when all you do is think about Austin 99.9% of the time, and he sees you as 'another fan'.
Congratulations on being so proud of your bigotry
I swear hell of peope go to Ray South High , welp. Ill be there next year (: #nervous lbs
what's your instagram name?
Woop woop RT : Where my LA followers at? It's a lot of y'all.....I know......
Thanks for the RT!
im doing my today too -___-
thanks! Happy Holidays!
#Isles #Flyers under way 3rd period
When you're in love, just spending time with that person is completely amazing.
I just talked to a complete stranger mom gne get me....lol
I loved seeing that in the paper today. Looks awesome.
Bitch you wasn't with me shooting in the gym!
I like how babies always look drunk. Even after only one beer.
Dear Mom , you are my bestfriend , even though we have your differences , I can tell you anything . <3 I love you madre <3
awesome, thanks. and that music video I shut up for...? ;)
go Lorin!! Go hard son ;o)
says three axis: content access <> creation, content owned <> licensed, content born digital <> digitized.
My pleasure! Had a blast!
You may want a CR2032, they may have a CR2032, but they don't serve your kind. You're right about the movies. I'll ponder that.
Infrared data transmitionin at 10 gb a sec? Just you wait!
watching Hoarding: Buried Alive - aka SQUALOR
Helpful suggestion: double the staff behind the cost check.
If your a good Trumpet player holler at me!!!
Actorshelper.com hands on help 24/7 all agents have your back
should you let a third party handle your most valuable asset? product delivery? thoughts? did and it will undo them
Hey, I'm a 27 year old screenwriter looking for an agent. Do you want to rep me?
Haha..You already know
Yeah, I spoke w/the accountant this morning and she advised me of the same thing.
Danger, Will Robinson! Danger!
aww, miss u too Hitch! I heard ur not gonna be up here this summer to play summer league with us?
hey, what's your 'i hate people that chew food' disease called again?
They really need to label these shows better. Spent the past hour watching The Bachelor thinking it was the GOP debate.
Well my night was kinda ruined...
shht I'm not either
Photo booth in the lobby.....yes please. Now if only someone would donate one before we reopen in September.
so my sister has a massive chinese, a tub of ben & jerry's and then suddenly decides to go on mel b fitness in the space of 1 hour, yeah ok
Consignment shops(now Spring cleaning)offer different price levels.Check out the high end one,where you may also find accessories.
Love this!!!
Thank you so much for spreading the word about our friend Chris.
Think it's just wishful thinking...
BET i bet lol
The Grapes of Annoyance
Snow and cold make for even messier clean up in
Meh. Shut up, groundhog
i want snippets ..get at me
studio got me tired #workin hard
goodnight harry! See you on Friday!!!!
I feel the same way :( I really wanted to sleep in today; it's just not going to happen
I did :3
Science is so boring
You should come to San Diego! Less traffic!
LIES! Since when do you believe in IPA???
I love that movie
Don't forget Mothers Day!;-) Please no damn Baskets!!
My mom has been in the country for the past 3 months and she's leaving next week so we've planned a couple surprises for her tonight.
Lots of great people here today!
I am only down to 2 possible at this point. glad i am married 15 years:)
Bryce with bases loaded
I stopped into the gas station.. paid for the gas..Then after it was full I got in the car..Didn't take the pump out though b4 I drove off:/
cute thanks
magic is merely the act of thinking and doing
check again, our latest count says +104!
hi friend whatz up??
Enjoyed talking #Healthcare #Telcom and other topics with this morning at the
Cadyn & Jayli are convinced that the lead singer of, "Foster the People" is a girl! Then Cadyn asks,"Why do guys sing like girls?" My kids!
life is funner after 2 am
I can always tell when I'm inspired or really into something, I have to remind myself to stop to eat, to sleep etc.
Karaoke with DJ tonight! Shot of the night - The Tight Snatch. Only $2.50. Betcha wanna know what's in it, don't ya?
Persuade enough people that you are great, and you will in fact be great.
The weekend is almost here ! Don't forget to post this weekend's events and dinner specials on our facebook wall- website comming soon!
#4famouswords who loves orange soda
very bitter haha but 2-1 until an empty net goal in the last minute.
Serenity Urges Students to Remember a Desk for College
hey I still get two days to torture you!
Thanks for the follow, !!
The money is outside of your comfort zone!
O has same problem new baseball hitter has; second time around the league, pitchers have adjusted.
#mulesummit Paris talking about High Availability with Mule, looks easy, built-in clustering
The truck has an actual plug so i can charge my computer,
haha oh yes..some old dude has been giving me the stink eye ..guess I'm not in the karaoke loop
“ #IAlwaysWonderIf people know exactly what comes out of their mouths.”
when are you coming back to Boston mister
Roll up.
": My smile hides many feelings ranging from fear, to sadness and even pain. But my smile is much more...It's my strength"
please notice me!!! please 23
Congrats to IASPM / EMP organizers and presenters for one hell of a
same here, folks, although technically I am a "temporary extra person"
Laying here on my bed with Courtney, watching my sister clean my room. She thinks we're gonna pay her .
hey I m comeing there cuzzin
I want to have a challenge. Hnmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. What should it be??
Just changed my fun voicemail wherein I sing to my callers to a boring professional one. Alas.
LOVE the Heels without Pain idea! Totally bookmarking that one...
I'll text you!! RT : yeah of course c:
Mayor Coleman live on KSTC-TV Channel 45 now.
Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes
"Hip-Hop never died it was just buried alive."
Nice! And with not so good weather RT 112,552 people in attendance today at Churchill Downs
&droo. See what I did there?! Hahahaha, hope you're enjoying your time back here on the EC :) miss yooouuuuu!
hot damn you know how Twitter has the "similar to you" section? I got :D hell yeah! if only i had his beautiful hair....
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous...
"Art is long and time is fleeting"
"Oh hey. I'm just gonna sit by your head and stare into your closed eyes until you wake up. It's not creepy, I think." -My cat, the asshole.
I hate Pinterest. I want to punch it in the face.
Mate? Who are you!?
is leaving??!! So I am forced to listen to ass clown Kietzman?!?!
keep up the focus, you can do it!
Come along flower children! RT : :MT - "We go love at Noon" ... A kinder and gentler Funemployement Radio Show today?
You might run into Beyonce having dinner with Jay Z there, my friend did!
lucky me ;)
Last home game for Buckeyes today. Big game vs Wisconsin. Go Bucks!
Uh oh... This hat is about to be SERIOUS.
Newest edition out today-- Be sure to pick yours up anywhere on the Lincoln Park or Loop Campus, enjoy!
NorthStar Realty Finance Announces Public Offering of Common Stock
Sorry I told you Memphis sucked
wud u like a template from scratch or a borrowed css better for the midterm?
Thanks Toby Keith,now everyone at the church socials look at me like I'm a 19 year old Ole Miss frat boy when I walk in with a red Solo cup
I just feel sad for the people that don't listen to
Another hit at surrender nightclub the place to party is only
lol how? :P
Excited for direct flights from Japan! RT We are getting ready for JAPAN AIRLINES inaugural flight on Sunday!...fb.me/1k382XoRU
ok I think I got it
I call my penis 'The dentist' because every time it's in some bodies mouth they are usually drugged and unconscious.
If you're a swimmer, you might put a great deal of stress on your shoulders. Here are some tips to help prevent injuries:...
OMgosh just saw #Cartier commercial. #Epic should get an Oscar for best short feature film.
Thank everyone who paid 4 your education: parents sure, but also the taxpayers! Know you now OWE.
I must admit, I'm finally done with most of the #Foolishness in my life!!!!
I was just hit wit dat unfollow
But I Like To Stay Humble And Dont Say Anything(:
I'm going to el Rey first thing in the morning! Lol
Like an idiot, I just watched Game of Thrones and missed all the live tweeting of Game of Thrones.
Anyway WHOLE CHIX..BAKED MAC AND CHESSE.. RICE... STUFFING....BROCCOLI AND CAKE #motherdaydinner :-)
We The Songwriters MEDIA COLLECTION AWARD:
Looking up funny crap
Sabotage, maybe?
Mark, let me know if you need a recruiter. I have supported NY companies for 16 years from Seattle.
I will take Keith Smart for IU in the '87 title game. Laettner #2. Drew's was great but only 1st rd
: my book covers pre-1930 hobos. Todd Depastino and Kenneth Kusmer are two others to read.
^ Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children. Charles R. Swindoll
whew! 50% off of wine and everything else in the store is a wonderful and dangerous thing! good-bye Zola Wine & Kitchen.
Who lets their daughter cage fight at 16?!?
Finally got to the middle of the week! Unfortunately last part of the week is going to be harder to get through then the first part.
OR has dyslexia -- Fats Food.
In need of a change...a good change of course...
Taking my lady out to Shanahan's for a nice dinner ... celebrating two years together.
"Thats a check."
Dayum it would rain while I have my new kicks on.
Recurly is available for merchants in France - you'll just need to connect with a gateway.
Thanks I will be sure to send you the link.
Carryout Is In Route!.
omg Burger king's fries are nassty taste because they just cook them. They don't add any flavor
it's just like opening night, who will be the hero tonight? Go Wiz!
it's similar, but you might need to build some custom proxy objects. build it as an extension and release it!
"If she cries her eyelashes are going to fall off!" hahaha
That looks like it could be awesome. *fingers crossed... tight*
too bad even if he told each officer personally some would still try and prevent citizens from doing it.
The Lord is not slack on HIS promises....HE can't lie
No my life isn't perfect, but at least I forget the good and remember the bad....wait, I got that wrong.
If i ever get to meet the ICONic Boyz, the first thing i'd do is run up to Mikey pull up his shirt and touch his abbs jk ;D
Grand baby in the hiz-ouse;-)
lol(x editting pictures is fun & looks cooler ! ;o
: our pleasure! Thanks for spreading the word! #philanthrofest TMRW #midtown #miami 12-6pm
I kinda wanna shoot myself. Had to listen to 'Summer Lovin' havin' a blast...' about 50x this morning. #shootmenow :c
Girl, I've already started. haha
If you can't make it to #poppyfest2012 today, follow for live tweets & pics!
#BreakingNews Veteran newsman and legendary '60 Minutes' interviewer, Mike Wallace, has died. He was 93.
Ok Dominique, can't wait!
Roadhouse! Kicking solves everything!
Congrats--sounds like a great opportunity!
One more hour of my favorite local/unsigned bands only on .com
Would U like to look at #'s of closers in "save" situations vs. non "save" or just stick with pithy lines defending UR guy?
Of course, it can be taught, but to what extent? Can an "average" person with enough determination become a Picasso or Mozart?
I loved your vlog... I watched all the way to the end lol. :)
lol, its so early why is any of that on ur mind haha.
I appreciate that many of Starfucker's songs include clips from philosopher Alan Watts. Now that's what I call music for the mind...
Why am I'm still up
good luck man, you will be missed for sure!
Increasingly I'm finding the "tanorexic mom" from New Jersey to be sort of racist.
A girl who can rock a pony tail wins my vote.
Man I wish I had the chance to learn this way in high school!
Many people who have learned about our discoveries have gone on to be great supporters of our research, and we are so very grateful to them.
hey love. Yes it has.
Fuck Drake for taking my baby
I forget I'm in a cube with radio - in my mind we're out in a sweet convertible on this gorgeouso day (sans allergies of course)!
So much going on today! We have the great #GroceryStoreTour at 5:30 & Monday #Yoga w/ Molly at 7- are we going to see you at HQ tonight?...
the picture of the two of you is just adorable!!!
Bet lost. Beiber up. Bull shit.
People that brag on jackson state are from usually from the worst part of mississippi
look at me, im black. Cool :]
okay, so i decided the saddest thing in the world is when liam payne cries.
Aww thanks for the RT love!
Geaux #LSU Tigers!!!! That's how we play ball baby!!! Criticize Miles now haters!
Click on the user and under the drop-down menu, you'll see an option to "Turn off Retweets." It's a great feature!
You bet. Thanks for bringing value to our space.
sounds like a good time@
of course (:
Twitter sucks instagram
Clip on ties...even bow-ties are for children. Man up and learn to handle your tie like an adult.
#RiverCity smells good. Someone's cooking.
dude, you just won the internet today imo.
Hey friends, any #health and #fitness blog or Twitterers to recommend?
yea I gt it bro itz hittn
tracking vocals with www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
All Out Ent
#rise&grind Up thinking God 4 blessing me always! Gettin ready 4 work then final l8r on and done wit school! Hope everybody has a great day.
Taco Cabana & canola oil time.
This cigarette smoke is about to kill me.
Ugg! trying to get over this cold=[... and get back to everything...=]
We have the same b-day that sh.t crayy O.O
daang. stll can believe it! something so small, means so much to me. Thanks for following me , it really means soo much<U+2665>
Lil short game
how do we lessen institutional pressures on them without acknowledging their marginalization?
Yahoo's "Hot Jobs" sounds way sexier than potential employment should.
Game of thrones. Game of thrones.
Thanks! You are pretty amazing and I am honored to know you. Now, if only we could do another road trip to Chi. hmm...
wish you were doing another concert at the race in #BristolTN this year, Augusts was #amazing! (:
always a fun time!
Obama: "I’ve just concluded that for me personally it is important for me to affirm that same sex couples should be able to get married."
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought. -Henry Bergson
**Software Engineers**- Opportunities in San Francisco and Ireland
Workaholic Anonymous Meetings might be in order.
took service learning and a slavery class which was cool. Gimme a list of ur options so I can tell u which ones lol
do you have a sense of which one they think is more likely? Also any idea how PO's they are this leaked?
At Concordia Univ Shattered Spaces conference someone asked- Are there any subversive museums? No one could think of one.
That is one of the strangest things I've ever heard.
how could I refuse
That's advice I can take for the day! :) RT Give someone new a hug today!
Really tweaking from my coffee & didn't even drink that much. Does age make the effects of caffeine stronger? Used to drink so much more.
Thank you for the kind words! I've been slacking on my recipes lately but I've got a few stockpiled for this weekend!
oh that was it :). I want to set up brunch with our godmoms soon
You have one of the best websites on Fashion. Every Fashion Person should follow you.
Numerology and Sexual Revolution. I can't take the art ones, I suck at art beyond belief
Im not gone say she ugly
There is just no way that Courtney is really that big of an a-hole. Right???
thanks for the follow! Join us at the black history parade 2/25. 2pm. MLK building
Watts. RT : “: If Khloe & I take a city what city should it be???” Baltimore, MD
Over 60 married over 40 to the same Lady and doing my best to get to page one of GOOGLE! Can You help?
Derby Week so the "in the homestretch" analogy seems so appropriate... T minus 36 hours and counting
Did they have sunscreen in 1836? I don't think so - they did have ways to protect their skin from sun. Stop by Prairietown to learn more.
Morning text messages>>>>>>>>>>
did they have it?
Hopefully starting a today. Are any of you on there already?
Ferreiro: don't build digital libraries like physical libs. That is, don't expect people to just find you.
I hate when ppl txt me back with "o cool" tht just ruins the conversation
(bryan) This is a fun question I just asked a friend: "Would you be interested in being a sometimes participant or an all out instigator?"
Man, U R FunnnEEEE! Check out RockyTop Playhouse in Pigeon Forge TN, got friends there U need to meet. Say Reeds sent U.
having dinner and watching Fringe.
eacher to teach me how to Play PYHU ! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
Watching sean kingston on the suite life on deck
The best shit is #FREE shit!
Guys, please figure out you aren't ready for a relationship BEFORE you ask a woman out. We are not your training ground.
Calvin Harris has had great success but what happened?! Used to be so funkalicious. Chromeo fills the void nicely though.
Anywhere! We're online. :-)
Whatcha know about that??
well you should let me have a taste ;)
I THINK I JUST NOW MADE A BREAKTHROUGH
S/O to my haters :)
Yes go for it, I'm into AIALA's cause. I'd appreciate the credit so thanks for mentioning that. Let me know how it turns out.
but so are womens rights. Conservatives are desperate to win.well, focus on all the issues including rights of all women..
that's the kind of hard hitting tweets we'll need to get this movement off the ground
#FamousLies - "She's just a friend."
I used to be so into Sam Worthington. good times :')
I'm going Thursday by laguna beach! <U+263A>
Christmas Pie. Enough said.
Yes. I never gamble with more than I can lose.
well thank you ;) i make the show obviously.
What kind of dreams will I have from eating this Vegan cookie before bed? Milk & cheese might give me attitude while I'm sexing Leonardo D.
What motivates you to workout?
he's pulling same stunts he pulled in Tampa. Why isn't anyone surprised?
Fans bothering D Rose for pictures during the game. So weak.
thanks for the support. Always happy to help
I know. The whistle!
I wish maynor was still heathy!! Harden shouldn't have to account or every point off the bench.
Hell of a weekend...Bach party=success.
I love you so much for this! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> niggas be trifflin nowadays lol he was kidding doe
The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire! We don't need no water
Thanks to Scott Wolniak as well, his film "Flash Art" was just picked up by the Video Data Bank.
what food do u have?
Making me all teary-eyed. Thank you so much.
Saw a big, ol' lady get caught stealing from Walmart. She lifted up her skirt and pulled out about 20 DVDs from her skirt/fat rolls.
I gotta get up, my shit's smelling like a fucking zebra.
The only one? Incredible stuff!
Hence the reason I even express this shit on twitter, I just need to hear I am not alone in this believe me I know how you feel
We LOVE you too!!
Happy Birthday dear Facebook! Thank you for facilitate my contact with my friends and let me happier because the games!
Listening to Rosmarie Garland Thompson deliver a lecture on eugenics vs. inclusive design. 1930s Germany: v. unfriendly environment.
TYPO! LOL! DO NOT Expect tomorrow to be any different if you haven't changed today!
OH MY, really excited. I am dying to get Horkey's Fantastic Planet!
no TF anything!!!
yes please! Come to San Francisco dudes.
I'm number one.
glad I could be of service, citrus.
Begin to look at your storm through the eyes of your promise.
": Shoutout to for that approved voice message! Definitely got my vote! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> #AlphaAction"~Thanks food brother!
merry christmas mang
My mind is already transitioning from Tax Lady to Balance Lady. Am getting ahead of myself, but why not? Because I can!
hey how are you...i am a songwriter ...would like to send you a record of my work ...thanks in advance
<U+30CF><U+30ED><U+30FC><U+30AD><U+30C6><U+30A3> Hello Kitty xP
Looking for source- Insurance coverage for Washington apartment building. Referrals?
Did you have an awesome time?Did you drink awesome shooters listen to awesome music & then just sit around & soak up eachothers awesomeness?
I don't see why everyone is happy it's May 1st...That just means the bills are due lol
What are the chances that both of my daughters would be attacked in the same week, 13,000 miles apart in Mozambique and San Francisco?
Bruins just signed Funny man and experienced goalie
yeah, well I can be jealous when you move to the Philippines.
Dust Free sounds great to us!
Let the procrastination begin! I cant start a paper till 11pm the night before its due. Its just wrong! Like a fat girl drinking Diet Coke.
A female flea consumes 15 times its body weight in blood daily & deposits a significant amount of feces (black specks-flea dirt)on your pet
Thanks to for a yummy lunch from for the team!
That's a wrap! What do you think should be the federal role in education?
"No other human being, no woman, no poem or music, book or painting can replace alcohol in its power to give man the illusion of creation"
Your simply stated mission is hugely supported by us!
Thank you for answering me at least. I appreciate it, even if its only for a douchebag comment...lol
Wasabi is an anti-bacterial, ginger is an anti-inflammatory and a digestive aid that is great for nausea, morning and motion sickness.
I think it is tomorrow
coworker was filling in a report and I wanted her to finish the sentence, but instead of saying, 'period,' I said, 'pyramid.' PYRAMID.
hey thanks for conncecting on Twitter.
Last couple days I been waking up before my alarm rings ready to go.
Am grateful that I woke up this morning
Man, now I was all excited about a potential podcast.
As much as you can, give your time to God and others. You will ALWAYS be blessed for it.
Tomorrow is National PB&J day! Prepping lunches for the kiddos.
Im going through all kinds of withdrawls !! i need to see the yobi Fam. im coming Back to MI #CoolRunningsssss Thanks :)
Good morning guys. Let's tweet? Today is International Kissing Day and Happy Superbowl Sunday to you! x
I think he's busy polishing his Cy Youngs. With a team ERA over 5, I'm sure you can find some guys to help out with BP.
RT : #IKSRTFO if they don't follow and like WWW.Facebook.com/pinksick
looking forward to writing a show review for your show in columbia tonight
": SEAN!!! Happy New Year! I almost typed happy birthday."RT: Lol Happy New Year!!!!
Thanks #MarkLogic for a great conference! Learned a lot and met some knowledgeable and nice xml/xquery peeps
Im Good At Pretending I Dont Care..
Wonder what economists he listens to RT "If you could repeal Dodd-Frank ... you would see the economy improve overnight.' No
Re-introducing Mr. David Fryman as the man behind the animal skins for SM! Will things get crazy? prolly haha!
keep it intellect on facebook but freaky on twitter , lol
Good Morning!!!
Sesame Street is still a great show after all these years!
Why are there cops walking around with assault rifles in sleepy, safe Merchants Square?
Great Expectations and the pursuit of happiness 1 pm, w/ Peter Stearns "Satisfaction Not Guaranteed"
*seen, I do not sew.
Yeah, I didn't get one last night. Email is
My boyfriend currently has Billy Blanks on his massage table. This is one session I kind of want to poke my head in on...
thank you very much for the push
": Guess I'll Get Sky High & Watch Matilda :)"<<<<love that movie!
OMG I LOVE TEEN WOLF TOO! :o
Bull crapped my history test cause I didn't know the information, holler~
Apparently old men think tattoos are hot,
When UW announced it signed juco guard Mark McLaughlin, I thought it might be the same scrub who couldn't get PT at Seattle U. It is. Crap.
YES! Gilbert on today on the replay. No one makes me laugh harder. YES!
I would say Calgary needs you back, but I'm afraid then they would send for you before our second round starts :(
I bet he gets so many girls having 400 mouses in 400 houses hahaha. I just can't look away...
damn u sexy baby!!
Welcome to the madhouse.
Happy born to one of the biggest booties at the U
I haven't done hw in FOREVER!!! now my brain is fried :(( #IWantSummerNOW :c
Get out and vote everyone , we don't care who you vote for ...just go!!!!!
Her mother was a flamingo rat
m, bacon bits.
We clearly follow different people...
Bailing out banks created a huge moral hazard and is not a good use of taxpayers dollars.
Pop-up show next Sat.: Craig Wright's The Pavilion, performed by Brad Smith, Tracey Kaplan, John Henry Roberts. Wright will play songs, too.
Bright side tho, the Brewers are finally wearing their home whites. Hopefully w/ a winning streak they can burn their blues once and for all
we were summer freshmen back in the day!
#DaveWolf: the Rise of the Devices
its already happening.. this is what my boredom has come down to.
im late but muah :)
What can I say..I am for the betterment of the Human race as a whole...It starts with denying self..do for others & doors will open for you.
Sitting here drinking a Corona thinking loving life ha ha
THAT IS SO FUNY
#oetc12 And watching the presenter BEFORE helps filter the "good presenters" from the others
Talked to a great fashion designer Cassie Betts today. She seems like a fascinating woman. Wants to dress a client.
Amazing views of Jupiter and Venus tonight in a clear sky in
will win tonight. No Doubt.
no. you're right. our traffic is horrid!
With Pens playing like this that's gonna be game. Embarrassing performance thus far.
forget about it all and have fun. My life's not perfect and it will never be! That's something I've never told anyone...
WE HAVE TWO HOURS! CAN WE DO IT?!
#Oomf Just Don't Know!
Good luck! RT : Sand Volleyball tonight excited
"Love More, Worry Less. "
Im sleepy o_O
Oh my god! That's awful!
thanks. I'm excited!
Lol! Thanks dude!
The kickstarter type requests are like a bill collector. All day and night requesting money.
Crispy suckling pig with turnips, carrots, toasted farro, fried duck egg and goat cheese vinaigrette!!
Wow. A rare Appliance Direct commercial. First one I've seen in probably a year. I missed that craxy Asian guy.
GOOGLE, Y U NO SIT NEXT TO ME DURING TESTS?
You're such a good girl, so proud of you ;) always listen to Mommy haha! & I love you loads too, even more than that! :) <U+2665>
love. it doesn't matter how much u say u love some1 its just words. 2 truly be in love w/ someone means ud do anything 4 them no matter wht"
Here is a breakdown of this year's #Sponsorship Opportunities for The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism bit.ly/SponsorshipOpportunities
Jeter hits 3k on a homerun that is no semipro
Thanks , Thanks!!
I can only speak for myself, but I've been on modified paleo for six months now, and the results have been phenomenal
I bet you're so jealous
#billy crystal is kind of being disrespectful about #Christopher plummer being old, no? I mean....
eat naturally grown & raised food, improve your health & that of your community. Eat 3/29. % sales goes to UW programs
Darn. Was hoping for another double-double for Ryan Evans. 1 rebound short.
Just got finished blaming the alcohol,who watch the season opening of House?
Unique does mean new & different but it also has to do with relating to people in different ways & knowing what people like and tweaking it.
I always thought, "minus well," was a joke until I someone in my family texted it to me. I have stupid people in my family.
I`ve always liked Tragedy. I`m gonna have to check that one out.
Made a reservation for #SDRW at the Wine Vault! and Bistro! A treat for my friend for her first night in San Diego!
Understanding the psychological process involved in making major changes. How can this changes impact the labor force?
MY CRAZY BROTASTIC CINCO DE MAYO PLANS...start with meeting my mom for her bday dinner.
Time to figure out how wireframes, prototypes, and Cucumber integration tests can play nicely and scale
Thanks for the follow.
Business is about profitability, engineering is about feasibility, and design is about desirability.
all these rappers "beefin" and what not, but how many Black owned labels/publishing/distribution companies out there? Priorities..
Alright Huckstables, let's see what you got!
Goal of the year.
she called harry henry.. -.-
The group writes a mixture. We each read a section of our work and the others critique. It's a well balanced group.
The dreamers are usually not doers. So their ideas are rarely achieved because they lack motivation when needed.
Started writing your memoirs, yet?
#ChuckNorris calender goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd, no one fools Chuck Norris
' Lmao I just scared Mouse & Nakeia!
:) proud of chu!
Q2 I second definitely good to know what institutional problems there are ahead of time.
u need help finding yourself or something?
These changing weather patterns are really effing w my sked
“: I see you. Beats are incredible.” thank you fam!!!
crossed off 5 things on my to-do list today. Hooray for productivity!
Guess who's coming to Pearl Dive tonight? ME!!! We're doing the chef's table. Is it alright if we show up at 7:30 instead?
with the exchange crew!!!
Nice to see on twitter and in Buffalo, looking forward to a better season!
Dudes so 2 yrs ago , it ain't even funny
Its always a good day when you find money in your pocket.
oh yay! Can i have a shout out please ^~^ <3?
SWTOR WHY YOU NOT UP THE NIGHT BEFORE YOU LAUNCH FOR ME GRR I HATE YOU ALL FOR KEEPING ME FROM PLAYING RARR congrats on the launch tonight
Lol! Real Talk!
also, loving your posts on your london teas! we must find a place to go to tea, since our living social deal was so rudely canceled!
Something a little sick/ironic about audience clapping when one child kills another
Go to bed before your mommy gets home with her boyfriend and spanks you little man,dont forget to hide your crack pipe bitch
Does selling e-books for .99/download devalue the work of writers?
How bout we all get weird this summer?
#BlueVelvet is one of the most twisted, bizarre movies I've ever seen. Dennis Hopper was amazing
Let's go rangers
Who is ready to party this Friday at the Awake Venue!?
its going good girly, just haven't had a chance to get on here lately
Hum choices, choices...Another BHO meaningless,lie-filled speech or FOOTBALL?I know what I'm watching Thursday! SAINTS Vs Packers-go SAINTS!
RT : Is it just me or does have one of the most pure voices ever?? // she does, she does!
think a belly putter would help? ;-)
#agreed I have to be at school BY 7:45 for rehearsal.
Just got back from the hospital for my nephews surgery..he is gonna be ok =)
will be missed. I wish him the best!
S/O to my
There will eventually be a Sonic there!
big show 2night - sessions live performance segment features we were promised jetpacks () ,
Is it closing??
My poor baby has had a bad 'un.
And I was faithful the 3 days we was together smh
i use to give a f***, now i give a f*** less... use to give a shit, now i dn't give a shit more -Jay-z
Looking forward to #mcn2011. Atlanta, here we come.
what's going on?
We pay for referrals too! Go to www.columbusleasetobuy.com!
Merry Christmas from Evans Nelson & Company CPAs. We hope you have a wonderful and joyous day!
I arrive in mystery, or MSY tomorrow if anyone wants to meet up for tea or alchemy. (p.s. MSY=New Orleans airport speak).
thank you :)
“ $3.75 Frozen Margaritas today! Happy Hour with Judy- Chris and Lando behind the bar tonight- DJ Slic Ric on at 10pm
Just past the halfway point - 340 miles to go. Are we there yet?
My day is now made #Austream in #20minutes !
excited to be a part of 's amazing standing on ceremony! tonight at 7pm -- Unity Nashville!
Capitals hockey. Whiskey. Civil War. Turkey burgers and tater tots. 30 Rock. Trader Joes version of oreos. I start a job on Monday. Whiskey.
WE LOVE YOU SOO MUCH ! NEVER FORGET THAT! XX
They are currently in the process of literally tearing up the sidewalk in front of
Happy Sunday, David & Paula!
live life up to your expectations not anyone else's
": hell yea! Did you not look at the weather this morning. Lol" I did but I've been bamboozled so many times.
This American Red can't wait for 6pm. Never been this excited for a kit reveal.
If I Had a Gun... o wait I do because I'm a white southerner.
new episode of Sportlandia live in 5 minutes from the Blazers Fan Shop, watch it at www.trailblazers.tv!
Got She Is Amazing..Please Dont Let This Fall Thru...
- You did?! You'll have to watch the postgame. It was so cute he hugged his mom and his kids.
Glad I could help. It is the best part of my job...helping people to recover.
Won me a couple of games.....i need another tournament championship under my belt
#Np Ft. Ne-yo - Think like a man !! that's a good quality music Amazing! loved it <3
Um working 12:30pm to 3am is a joke. What has my life become?!??? Thank goodness for coffee and peanut butter cookies :)
nothing much new today but tomorrow we will have 2 new fashion images from the streets of Los Angeles, Ca. !
Nadaaaa, you just ugly (;
In Railslandia, DB migration refers to moving/updating database schemas or states. Don't make DB changes, make migrations!
my heart is not in writing this evening~~~
Efficiency is now, more than ever, the key to data centers.
fine with me
Apparently heat also raises the gas prices 3.98?
People do not fuck with me now that im pregnant lol *shrugs*
: Thanks for following. I'm happy to connect and think we all need the power of positive thinking in our lives.
I feel so close to you right now; it's a force field #myjam <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB>
I start to cry as soon as Ellsworth starts talking to the dog every time! F'n Hearst.
YES see you tomorrow night for DGAF w/B.Rich?!?
I don't move for another 3 weeks, but packing things is already making moving a pain in the bunghole.
WHAT IS THIS? I DON'T EVEN
some peolpe today are just so fuck up
1st evidence I've ever seen that any woman uses the #okcupid mobile app for anything except posting screen caps to reddit.
Good Morning Ficellenians! Today we'll be at Half st & M for the Nats Home opening from 11-6 Play Ball!!!!
They will sit in Johnny Rockets and enjoy free soda.
i do it from my phone. Haha. He's at university. I love him :)
the baby of course but the date hell mutha lovin naw
So excited!!RT : Thanks, Ed. #schools2life #educhat. I will join in as soon as I can.
Congrats for qualifying for the Olympics! Fun interview with this AM.
Santorum wont even back Romeny. That's a lot of crazy saying no to a little crazy.
We are a new organization with a new goal and a great outcome waiting to happen please follow us
Swear bro !!! Ugh not my day !!
Just read ch. 8 of _After the Black Death_ and am wondering where the marriage-as-transfer-of-property-between-men pop meme came from.
I'm not short..
I wanna dance in love and dance again!
Oh yes! It sure can be. Let us know if we can help at all. We would love to hear all about it!
Big things
When are you taking your exam, ?
Ha ha!! I was speaking more for your partner! How about a combo!!
Thanks for letting us take you away from your food on Wednesday(; oh and you're super hot and your abs are fudging amazing!<3
Keke palmer follow me
Morning Ma. You do the same
best wishes&a happy new year from europe,germany!I l<U+2665>u so much!Just saw a shootingstar pls fulfill my dream&follow me!ILOVEYOU
Thank you, God. <3
A step closer to my goals :) now to celebrate wit a b ;)
Development of Mind, Body and Soul are the most noble of Goals. Be sure to pursue each and vim and vigor.
Gym was closed this morning and I had to train outside... Ah welcome to nature
DIICKKK... RT : "12 more" was written in the Lakers' locker room. Is that the number of days left in their season?
I think it was 6200.....get the facts straight. Haha
And there are now reports that it wasn't a gun, but an umbrella.
How bout an AppleTV for like 50 bucks more?
Utter MOVE FAIL. We leave that damned state and then its all "OH WOW! I'm from Ohio too!" Was so happy to get FL plates.
About to go to sleep because my attitude real MESSED UP -Same As SHIT)
seems like it every time I watch we lose! Then when I try and get over it HOW MANY guys get hurt?
Only two hundred miles to go...
same trying to get more subscribers on youtube.
5Lbs of pork roll?Holy Shitballs!We need a porkroll themed party,including cocktails. :-)
People will either lift you up or bring you down. Which one are you?
Head hurts but not hoin to bed no time soon!!
time to workout
RT if you made a mother smile today.
So someone should DM me, cause I'm bored <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> lol
Touchdown! Johnson! alright alright!
Love what I'm hearing. Seriously. Thanks much for the follow. Check out my little tunes if you get the chance.
the #LAPD are Satan.
This is a huge loss, to lose a visionary like Steve Jobs.
Good to see Gamel go yard twice yesterday
thoroughly disappointed because MTT video
I did give in and I guess it was OK!
I will walk to yur house cause yolo
Stuff I hear at work " He's about to lose my mind!"
Pissed off. My friends aren't talking to me, and I'm getting furious being at this house.
I hate when people steal my pencils >:/
It's going down like 4 flat tires Capstone Artist Showcase w/ doing 4 songs live from
followed! I know it was incredible thanks for everything!!
2100 followers thanks everyone
CMBS financing has effectively collapsed in the current market environment says Doug Linde Boston Prop #NAIOPMA Fall Conf
Ding. we have a winner.
Shower time.!
Maybe I should stop looking at pictures of Justin Bieber & go to sleep now since it's 3:36am, lmfaoo.
Ian Faloona is a climate scientist and is married to Justine Frischmann and is thus my new hero
keep spotting moles on my arm and going back into tick-alert mode, despite having drowned my nemesis in brandy and burned him earlier
I really want a trainer.. I LOVE to be pushed in a workout! Plus I can never tell if my form is right when I do squats by myself lol
I'm sorry. I've been so busy latly :( My soon to be wife left me and Lexi has been in and out of the hospital like crazy.
Whoa! Nick at Nite is having a Friends marathon! That's my kind of marathon.
Girls who text you first >>>>>
Packed house at the Albuquerque city council meeting-hot topics include the 2011-2020 decade plan and amending the West Side strategic plan
“: Kelly Clarkson KiLleD the national anthem. Show em' how it's done girl!!!!”
Loving the #JerseyShore marathon. Almost thought 's "wa" was my baby who was supposed to be fast asleep!
Meant to finish -- P.S. YOU'RE UNBELIEVABLY AWESOME!
was it from Chipotle? Id like you to get her name please.
#EverydayIThinkAbout how closer summer is.
Weather looks perfect so we are going to do the community bike ride from to
can you give us a shoutout? we are a new fan account! it would be greatly apriciated :)
I will be writing your office an updated detailed letter about my situation I had explained b4, I hope u take the time again
Just realized I wrote "sleeping on the coach was ignorant" instead of couch. sorry coach.
blocked #Pinterest, anyone else uninterested in seeing their newsfeed blown up with this crap?
Eating tacos from some bus :) <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+008C>
Well... maybe just one question.... since you're all here and I've got a warehouse full of books to leverage w/my last(?) hurrah. NG
Congrats to !! I had no doubts.
Haven't seen/heard from you in awhile. Hope all is going well! :)
Happy vday to those in the restaurant biz.. I know you have a busy night...may you get tipped well.
pardon me, but what pick up lines work best with you? Lol
hey that's major. CONGRATS! Staying there for summer?
Your article rocked, thanks!
do it.
Updates on Daniel Thomas' injury/status?
The hoe took my phone!!! Hate my mom
my mom used to work on dancin on air, she can probably help you with your goal. Her twitter is
I need burrito . School food sucks dick
Going on now: PeaceCorp chat! Current + alumni talking about their experiences + answering ?s Follow #RPCVChat or
Yo J.Ivy is THE man. Hopefully y'all will stop sleepin on him one day.
Boarding a plane for FLA for NCAA hockey coaches meetings. A week of meeting after meeting & no fun...well maybe a little
huge fans of #foodallergy mama's baking book
I think my phones gonna be gone in like 2 min.
Where women are men and 12 year old boys are FBI agents
#mangalogix - Hump day is almost over, Friday here we come. Have you tried lowering your cost per acquisition? Call 866.460.6611
Why does my uterus hate my stomach so much?
surprise! today turned out 2b Autumn clean-up day. No I don't live in Australian, just a few months behind, daughter back to school. sigh.
that is a crying shame
My production output/enthusiasm for work is bi-polar. This makes me sad, but my apathy overcomes my will to work towards consistency.
yeahh just me and my good friend got in a fight haha he'll get over it but thankyou for asking<3 lovee you girl
who's your favorite soccer player?
Always try to understand where you are before you figure out where you're going
yeah... only 6 months..
first to answer was and he is absolutely correct. I will be watching exactly 0% of the
I'll be there! We're so hanging. We need bonding time!
When in doubt, go to
hahahahah I knew you'd like it
Thank you for the top story mention!
Dude, we totally lost y'all. ):
The latest issue of SleepIssues is complete.
distinct vs distinctive headache. Fowler no help; his entry is distinctly confusing.
Ppl need to stop copying default framework lang for sec standards. At least pretend u looked at risk.
I don't chase, I replace.
Wow. Have you not heard of privacy regulations? Being a celebrity does not excuse you from the rules. Disappointed.
SOO happy just facetimed with from ICONic Boyz i love him so much!! <33 he just made my day <3
Its alkward when people stalk your twitter.
Pres. Obama is coming 2 Las Vegas again this Wed. This time, I'm planning on leaving at 10AM to make my 7PM show.
Any guesses when Pinterest will take over Twitter for the amount of users?
The Library of Virginia will be closed on Saturday, Feb. 18, but open on Monday. Feb. 20.
Update: Tornado warning issued for eastern Pope and northwestern Stearns County through 5:30pm. Headed toward Sauk Centre
congrats on your new job!
Lunch break before I hit my XHTML Course. Learning code from scratch.
Only four? I would have thought collectively we'd gotten to five or so by now.
No worries! Caught my attention and I want to read it.
are those for like a cram packet?
Keep your hopes up high and your head down low
um....does anyone know when Ricky usually gets on?
Just became a member of SEMPO, the Search Engine Marketing Professional Organization
Awesome to have you in our club!!
Flirtationships make enemies; some seek sweet revenge!
Jacobs runs so soft
Heck of an effort by Josh Smith and the Hawks. It's gonna be a long, tough series
The Seattle Sounders host FC Dallas tonight at 10pm ET in the Semifinals of the Lamar Hunt US Open Cup. Watch LIVE on SoundersFC.com.
Cleveland artists send your hottest tracks to #eighty81 is about to properly represent this city with this mixtape
Man yo little tail ain't gone do nothing if I wasn't. U trapped in a storm remember. Lol
Without a doubt! : Mbah a Moute can still be difference maker on defense. He can shut down which ever opponent is hot right?
Thanks for the info. Will let you know how it goes.
I can't believe it's already been two years since my brother was born.
call me a sap
Join Chabad of Oregon @ Portland Parks & Recreation's Director Park TONIGHT for the first of 8 nightly lightings of the Menorah! Starts 5:30
#Fulfillment takes resolve. It demand you make a choice, take action, and stay the course.
may god be with you<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
hey are you going to come today
It's official, never trading because I'm follwing him on twitter.
Dear Geico, I get it. We could save money switching to Geico. Here's one for you. You could save money not advertising. I don't own a car
Good morning!
Who knew a flea market could be every bit as appealing as its name suggests?
Didn't go to Indiana but stressing over this game. Don't give a shit about Robert Garrigus but I'll lose sleep over his penalty.
No TV??? So I get to watch the best of Soul Train on WKYU. Urggghhh
damn..yall starting back next semester?
A shout out to our allies with SWOP Boulder! MUCH LOVE!
- Thanks.! And, yes. Totally ticklish, but only on the bottom of my feet.
I'm right on the edge of giving in to ya, but baby it's a long way down.
Whew, I'm settling in here in Honolulu. It's been damn fun to find new simple things like a new market or a new bike or new couch.
Katy Perry, Chelsea Handler: Why Hasn&#39;t Jessica Simpson Given Birth Yet?!
to take quizes!
Its the last weekend to save on #Seed purchases! 25% off
They played Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer?
Northern California is going to be poppin this summer !
Something new for 2012! FireHouseCustomZ!your complete car service center & classic car restoration facility! From orig. to radical custom!
where's my breakfast
thanks for the tip - will do and pass along!
Thank u for retweeting my joke 'guy who has his profile set on private' Now all 6 of your friends will think I'm funny. Clearly I'm awesome.
Looking for Halloween Decor? Shop at Scottsville Farmers Market! Our very talented crafters and artisans have what you're looking for.
Long day...
I don't even know what that means.
What to wear today...hmm. Clothes would be a good start.
pau'u shirts? ; ) They're pretty Lil...
Had so much fun dancing last night and this morning!! Taking a quick breather before dance again this afternoon lol :)
Ni Hao Meghan! Xie Xie (Hello Megan! Thanks) I am in Shanghai this week - back to US after 3 days in Beijing. Work is good
whatever,just stay out of this got it?
I feel like leaking some new content...
Tech and social media just changing the language of comm, not dumbing it down
Please follow me(:
butane already wants to be a vapor at room temperature iirc
Donation Day! Almost DUCK DAY!
#icantgoadaywithout Rolling my eyes at some of the stuff people say on Facebook : /
The dual public private persona. You have an extrovert who plays the role of your leadership #introvert persona. This is so true.
Heart of Dixie is better.
tweet deck i want a column for all followers :/
I think he's just an old grouch. But he doesn't talk much, so who can be sure?
The pod hasn't been the same w/o u! the pod is back to full throttle this week! miss u Arlene!
awesome - thanks so much! Can we connect sometime this week or next week? :)
Thanks to our sponsors for Jazz Under the Stars. It is going to be a great time! Square One & Augusta Brewing
oh u just lame I see
Who would win Cam Newton or Terrell Pryor
"Next to power without honor, the most dangerous thing in the world is power without humor." - Eric Sevareid, American broadcast journalist
The humans are dead, the humans are de-ad...
0 comment(s)
and because I love tasty food!
thanks :D
“: Peanut M&M's are so fucking good.” agreed but though Almond M&M are hard to find they're my Shangri-La
#threewolfshirt One day I won't have to wear my three wolf shirt to show my aggressive side.
Right?! I tried explaining that I do my best work while having a glass of wine - she's not buying it. lol
Unmatched Residents can now participate in Supplemental Offer and Acceptance Program<U+2120> (SOAP)
yikes. I'm crying for you!
Crap and don't want to wear pink
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they avoid recriminations, blame and self-doubt.
Just played hide-and-seek in the dark(; fun!(:
Man fuck this shit...im hitn da LOUD man up later...i cant take it no mo
My kid will have awesome taste in music.
Reading Alan Ehrenhalt's upcoming "Great Inversion," and wondering if I should have been an urban design major
i plan on buttering them up and inserting my oscar meyer inbetween
Nah I'm just talkin NOVA! So much work! You done started an awesome league. :)
Man besides The Interview everything in this day can go fucks itself -Proto
I'm so sad rt now that drose is hurt, he bn through so much! My prayers 2 U drose 2 get healthily & rest now. Just get get better pooh
Birthdays would be less awesome if they were called "You-once-slid-naked-out-of-your-mother's-vagina-while-strangers-watched-day"
... Anytime Greg!! Glad it turned out well!!
Happy mothers day to my wife also my mom & grandma who I hope to see in about 2 weeks when I come to TX
You would be mort-ified!
Performing the short plays on the stage
love my company. thanks, sweets.
whoop that trick haha
nope Haha don't think so.... But again happy birthday :)
good morning to you
Randolph College has continued to receive gifts of art after their proposed sale of all artwork.
These Kids So Fucking Ghetto And For No Reason
Tired. About to take it down after a long weekend.
It would be awesome if had the show #TheWalkingDead available. Amazing show.
I'll see you this weekend:)
I'm pretty sure that one of the rules of Turtle Island is that you have to say bless you. EXILE.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash EB Beltline between Rimrock and John Nolen. Use caution in that area.
When you praise someone or something, you go overboard. #Duke It just gets old.
Brats on the Weber will be happening this evening.
Love this kind of stuff. #Astros RT : Maybe 10% umps, 10% home pitcher throws harder in top 1st and 80% we can't tell.
going to see the home then hitting up the studio after let's get it
I wanna be his twin! Ahh I can't wait till
R.I.P Amy Winehouse!
Pedestrians were throwing themselves infront of my bicycle last night @ Kenmore. Is it because the Red Sox lost, again?
I have a very unique creative way of viewing life and i handle it the same way!!
Hearing EU as being in a 'mild recession' is a joke. Negative momentum building & growth in GER won't make folks in ESP, ITA feel better.
The elevator culture in the Ford bldg is MUCH more friendly than the elevator culture in the Guardian bldg. Thoughts?
tell her I cant that i tore a ligament in my wrist and its not completely healed yet :c
Reading all about re-accreditation for colleges and universities. This is so exciting. :-\
That awkward moment when your coworkers ReTELLS you the really awkward and offensive story he forgot he told you
Go Northern Michigan. Great pics Mooch!!!
THANKING GOD FOR ANOTHER DAY FOR PROGRESS PEACE AND BLESSINGS PO$ITIVE PU$H
April 19th, best day #Ever!
I'm bored
Have a fab weekend too!
The last two nights have been insane. It's been an amazing weekend. Had probably seven hours of sleep the last three days
are you in Miami yet ? (:
Thanks for the #ff! RT Historic stuff in other cities
just heard you on Sound Opinions on WBEZ Chicago. Bravo. You tore it up from the floor up. Can't wait to buy your album
holler at me, as long as you don't have to bail again
Ugh..doesn't sound like fun.
I need to try those next time I go.. Wow
You're RT : your on fire today
Not yet. We need to get there I know!
Sorry folks, gotta fly. Great chat.
at what point does #snomaggedon stop being cute and start to really annoy/scare people. 4-8 inches on the way.
Special treat for this week's #SaturdaySips, the 1 & only pouring his favorites. Come heckle, er, support him from 2-4 pm!
ITS. GET IT GANG ENT.
Happy Leap Day! Let's celebrate with a Caffeinated Quiz! Answer this: Every ton of paper recycled saves ? trees.
According to , is still IN!
Damn girl pussy can't be your only hustle..
Arguably the most entertaining way to start a Monday. Well played Good Morning Arizona.
I'm glad that you enjoy our new song Your Fool :) Keep listening! You R.O.C.K.
U look amazing!! Can't wait for the new album I know u won't disappoint! U r the best and I love everything u do! I love u!!
They lovin the crew they lovin the crew
RT : Proud to be part of what you guys do.
My parking lot contains no pink slime!
#investors, #flippers #investing I am a realtor that just found a great 65 ltv product at 4% no points and a unlimmited amout of homes
Well, as long as you don't make eye contact, we'll be fine. #jokes You do follow me though; this makes you cooler than others!
Figured out how to do derby drills in a public rink @ sportsman's hall with 10+ others
Seeing this weekend at the festival, while my wife gazes at him and has "dreamweaver" playing in her head.
that is genius, I gotta work on that one
i saw the 1st one---i REFUSE to see the 2nd one!!---its way too nasty and too much --messed up shit
The best place to start is always with yourself!
What type of designs are you looking for, or to what industry? This way I don't send a link with a design that's not your taste.
Hopefully this is last time I have to have this surgery---although minor, still a big deal for a girl scared of needles--unless for ink, duh
Omg, original Star Trek is so bad!!! I must watch every minute of it!!!
You're welcome! Best of luck on finals! “: thanks for the snacks while studying for finals#realtalk”
2011.10.07 #Brewers 3 #Diamondbacks 2 | Incredible win / tense and down to the wire / T. Plush delivers
Welcome to twitter!!!
Karin -- Yes, I translated it
Just ate a burger <U+E404><U+E404><U+E404><U+E404><U+E105>
How did it go? We should get together sometime just to say hi! //
I took a 4 month break from twitter...what did I miss?
Congratulations L.A. #FestivalofBooks - what a great day for booklovers. Highlight? Julie Andrews reading from her latest book! #ClassAct :)
Night all.
Girls verdict: it's a show! it's pretty ok!
Blood pudding for dinner. Nuff said.
I completely forgot that horrible part of my life till just that second CINDY OLD GURRRRL lmao
Merry Christmas Eve, friends! What's on the menu for tonight?
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.-Ayn Rand
I grew up in Toledo and went to Saint Francis de Sales up there! I'm at a middle school in Dublin right now!
Haha! I know, right? xD Very random.
are you home yet I'm bored
I heard they're all playing First Ave this summer. Better make it back to
The plan was to go grab some clothes. Instead, I'm grabbing food. Strange
Best part of being a traveling game show host is getting to see in Nashville's concert tonight!
fun surprise - I just love that soup! Hope you guys stayed dried today - it was so gloomy, wasn't it?
PIERRE just landed #Union Station. Window opens at 11:30
figured you'd appreciate it. This girl was in edit mode scrolling around.
Maybe I'll take my wife to Avengers for Mother's Day. I wonder how that would go over.
Happiness for #Libyans. Wish them equal success in creating entrepreneurial economy. Pol. freedom & econ. freedom go hand-in-hand.
best back-to-school gadget is the iPad2
pussy mouth
I put a picture on #Instagram in honor of #TheEdgeOfGloryBDay. It's in my last tweet! :)
Phew! We're glad you're able to access it! :) What language are you studying?
QDRO's - Qualified Domestic Relations Orders
haha okay we will see. The season hasn't started yet. :P
“ My daddy side of the folks are funny!”
Black Keys' "Lonely Boy" kept me in the car for a full minute after I had parked. Love to dance in carports
no.... *Jen sends you chocolate and time travel to cure all ills* so sorry! :( xo
Blessings everybody
Busy day ahead. Big call w/berklee in spain.
You Think I'm Tryin to Talk To You, Maybe Ya Right, But For now Let's Just Converse
Re:relinquishing cntrl of cntnt...A strategic plan & goals, w/ staff/curator buyin helps w/this!
My teeth are bright and my hair is clean, I wear Paco Rabanne like I was
I just need a hug :(
So I think I'm going to stop eating it.
Is the UK/LSU baseball game on TV tonight (in L-ville)? Anyone know?
that's my FAVORITE video!!! Guavee' Juicayy!
Time to finish the final, final version of the presentation for #EDU11 in Philly.
you doing ironman lake placid? such a great one! (at least from the sidelines!)
no problem! love your tweets on #health &
fuck you! my cats are my boyfriend, but you hate them...YOUR FAULT.
Self honesty is found in very few people. A willingness to see ourselves as we really are, not with our usual self-flattering images.
One of the best reasons to host an event is the inspired motivation to clean.
how do you feel about the morning show you do? No bias, seriously, what do u think? Have u watched an episode? Just askin'
It's 10 after 10 - is Kevin Kolb a Cardinal yet?
I am! :) Looking fwd to the open studios in May and meeting the artists in the neighborhood.
<singing>As we lift our hands, in praise we sing; we acknowledge you are Lord of everything; the son of God, the holy one...
i see Andrew getting more and more and more followers every day #Proud :)
(3/3) And the want Of thought is death, Then am I A happy fly, If I live, Or if I die. -William Blake (1757-1827)
Haha, I know! The same. :) Someone RTed you earlier today and I saw it in 's feed... I was like, hey I know her!
just did
Why do you talk like that.
YW! Thx4 sharing info about design & Startups on Twitter!
Million thanks to you for visiting! RT : So pleasantly full! A million thanks to for tasteful #glutenfree meal!
I feel the same about casting. I've been asked why my stuff isn't "diverse". Talent and attitude trump race, gender, etc.
How about partnering up with to provide "Text-to-Pay" monthly Rent via text message?
I need summer jam tickets!
Now it is.
Agreed!! RT : That's is truly awesome! Nice to see #teamawesome again.
Also, if you are in Atlanta today, come check see recently published author Robert K. Nelson's talk about topic modeling at 4pm
Heading to Denver to close up our apartment and finally complete the move. (@ General Mitchell Int'l Airport (MKE) w/ 2 others)
These bulbs freeze in wintertime, although they likely would have survived this winter. My dad digs 'em up every fall.
too much--are you still around UR or mainly in wmsburg these days?
Funny how a woman will act like swallowing is so disgusting yet she eats processed fast food. Sperm is natural & 100x healthier for you!
same jus chilling beautiful
i got 99 problems, and they all bitches.
b/c I can't see any/enough questions so specific to "DH" that wouldn't be better answered on SO, PM, UX, DBA, SF, or other SEs.
To anyone born on leap day, I'm curious - how/when do you celebrate in non-leap years? And happy birthday, by the way.
Insidious is an amazing movie!
One Direction- Stole My Heart <3
exactly why i hate dating athletes; these easy hoes out here made them think they can treat a woman any ol way.. NOT ME BOO BOO. GTFOH
Come check us out tomorrow only
Back in the studio tomorrow -- ALL DAY -- looking forward to Nutella and animal crackers!
Awe. So sweet. Thank you.
I know it's not exactly breaking news, but e-mail is hardly a timesaver.
Vint Cerf - Top three regions of internet penetration North America, Europe, and Australia/Oceania
Cranberry Twp Miracle League opening day! Froggy here live 9am-11am. Play ball!
OH YEAH!
that is so stunning it takes your breath away! If only I could jump into the image and be there ; )
Bored outta my mind! Lol an school tomorrow :/ I'd rather not. I wish this weekend could just repeat it's self
Hey man. What's your email? I want to talk to you about something. - Brad
Thanks, Clay. As we add more I'll let you know.
Al A's and B's for midterms
saw your moms hittin up the bikes at LA today
would I have tweeted that if there wasn't some Celeste sprinkled in there?
sad but true.
Welcome to my game of thrones... or as I like to call it "Tuesday"
I miss you!!!
I love the candy #swedishfish and #miniredfish so yummy :)
Nikki's dumb swizzled she's a juicer!
when you want to fishn the story of me and heath
Hello EV All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
Lesson learned: don't bike in thigh highs.
That disappointing moment when u drop a perfectly good/clean piece of TP in the water B4 u get 2 use it.
S/O to on her new twitter account. Followers....FOLLOW HER!
Hunger games was so good in love
I've never been to an Orchestra concert just to watch... I'm always in it...
Do you use shopping as a weapon, to express anger or seek revenge?
MUSE publisher meeting tomorrow. I believe it will be the best one yet!
Apathy creates EVIL! **evil can only happen when good men do nothing** (just ask the HALOCAUST)!
PickUpLine: I'll bet you $20 my dick can't fit into your mouth.
excellent! Take pictures!
How do I upload a video on here cause twicca actin like a lil bitch. I want y'all to here something.
that pic said it all
hahahaha! yeah that one was me...
Even when you have a $100 giftcard, shopping on Amazon is still dangerous ...
Get your skin ready for this Spring Time By Indulging in a#Capellidoronycfacialservice $50 when you mention this tweet!
wonder if that's what happned to Junior Seau?
Am thinking of launching a line of Baby Stoner apparel. All very cool, and respectful but fun. Any thoughts ??
thank you so much!!!
running quizzo 2nite Joes in East Falls @ 8:15. Topics are Guess that Phillie, Music & Movies, Pop Culture & Local ppl and places.
Lardner: New state-society relations: What are the costs to the daily lives of Nigerians for having a predatory govt?
how was it?
Emory lectured, I return to Delta's bony embrace.
OH GOD ! i'm Dying watching this video, Zayn's SO freaking hot .
Sad as it is, it's also reassuring to know I won't be the only no-show. I'd like full reports, please.
Had an amazing tour!! But it feels awesome to be back in the states!! :)
i have such awesome friends
Get to press with creative content
THE PICKLE crew back on set today. Interior bar location. More news soon. #ThePickleFilm #indiefilm Spread the word about the film. RT
Bring back the Supes! “: If I win the #MegaMillions while in NOLA, I'm buying the and moving them to Seattle”
it's a dream of mine..what's it like living in France??!! Sounds so romantic
Engaged students! v. Participating in #smcsac Facebook Timeline Crash Course. What should use as our cover photo?
I'm sure he does the same to a lot of people <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><U+2764>
Thanks for shout-out, I'm super interested to see what happens to GenY + religion... they are going to transform things.
Last day: Meet Dara, Jera, and Katelin at the Middle States accreditation conference in Washington, Dec 11-13.
his hair <3
I disagree but they are both pretty messed up. I used SIKE back when I thought I was all that and a bag of chips.
we have to watch the shows together when I go back haha
Justin Hunter on crutches. Then Bray throws a pick. I think my cat is walking over here to take a dump on my chest.
were u at #intervention last wknd w/ ? if so u may be on the show 2morrow night. Saturdays, 1am after SNL. peep it
Wonder if that's a sitewide mobile issue. NYT should get on that. :)
so in the mood right now(;
Many blessings to you, too!
Oh hai! How's the butt burning business?
must admit it took some getting used to
All that is worth cherishing in this world begins in the heart, not the head. ~Suzanne Chazin
When your so good at Sarcasm that people actually believe you.
I think you should be the one telling us, Mr. Licensed Driver!
THIS MATCH IS AWESOME! can't wait :)
Big Happy Birthday to my favorite Pacer #24 go drops some trifectas all over the Magic tonight boss!
definitely similar, but we're going to release more info very soon! Just nailing down a couple of things before we share!
Sanyok Gallery will be hosting a Regal 30 Bash in honor of its co-founder Michal Tavrovsky this Saturday, December 11, 2010.
thanks! look for my other co-authored article in ITAL this month too :)
#HappyMothersDay to everyone :) im so glad i have an amazing mom that loves me with all her heart just like i love her :D
--!_|. TWO DANCE FLOORS...HIP HOP..DJ KHAOTIC IN THE MIXX....DJ CHUCO ON THE MIC $2 DRINKS.....SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Good thing Castro didn't try to take out Avila. There would have been a lot of controversy I think.
is my inspiration and I love her so much!She is doing good on Victorious also! Keep up the good work miss grande!
Haha. RT What do you call a beautiful girl on a drummer's arm? A tattoo. (Bah-dum-bum. Ch.)
That would be nice.
what are we doing for your birthday Mands????? Night out in LA #heygirlhey ?????
looks like all you have to do is colour in Excel fields
The strange booms in Clintonville are at it again Police tell us they fielded calls from 7 p.m until after 1 this a.m.
*Breathing fast and hard* ur.... icon.... is KILLING..... me! *dead*
Anyone notice how in American MainStream Media #communism & #socialism have negative connotation but #fascism is just laughed off as unreal?
I don't know stan why did you can follow their FOLLOWERS
we did something similar at our office. We left a case of disgusting orange soda... Gone in less than a day.
That last tweet was an example of what some library rockstars are doing, FirstName FUCKING LastName.
Is GLEE in its final season? Ratings have been going down. And they are pumping up graduation. What do you think?
Sign #23 gas prices are hitting tipping point: Someone siphoned four gallons from my husband's car at the baseball game last night
I am Queens Boulevard.
do i know them??
no invitations needed, get to
HA me too girl, don't wanna get on my bad side. i have another story for you :)
when girls think they're the shit and think that the world revolves around them.
Surround yourself with people who have the same passion you have
I don't feel well today but I'm going in anyways!!
Last minute hit tonight at Swing 46 with Felix and the Cats!
oh, gotcha
Verizon, Rogers, Bell, Telus and AT&T will be the LTE parnters
"this is it" is seriously awesome.
Automated keyword Twitter bots are _always_ annoying.
thanks so much for telling folks about
Re: Your bio...AMEN.
Good Morning! We can only learn to love by loving.-Iris Murdoch Have a great day!
Good idea, Katy. I like the highlighted password too!
Sometimes I ask myself ...Did I really sign up for This ?
I'm staying in Kingsville for the summer, but I'll prob go home and visit in like a week or two?
I'm just curious as to why you were playing with scented oil.
gonna go see titanic with my friends hbu?
lib dems take the lead- who'd've thought the media could play such a big roll in an election?!!! anyone with half a brain actually.
So don't take this the wrong way but there *is* an easy solution: no dates on Sunday. Easy peasy.
Internet is down at the office, IT Guy is MIA. Happy Monday!
Last Epic Snowboards Rail Jam of Season.3/27 gonna be killer. This is an awesome party that everyone should be apart of. Epic goes all out.
Im really starting to like you again. Problem? You have a gf. Who i think hates me cause' we went out. Ugh, why? -_-
Thank you :) RT : you guys where awesome!!!!
I've got your pork carnitas in the slow cooker today...I'm super excited!
fringe benefit of studying poisons: learning about middle english dangers like skorpiouns and crepinge wormes.
STRESSED OUT? Five minutes in a spa or hot tub will drop your blood pressure and pulse rate. Relax.......
On my way to trainin
May 3, 1952: Churchill attended FA Cup Final at Wembley. Newcastle won.
They say we're too young to be in love, but maybe they're too old to remember.
Me too! Glad I'm not the only one!
Of course its hot and I forgot to bring some shorts to change into after work smh
my mom and dad are coming too, and if it's cool with you they'd love to tag along! And then yeah, I'm doing a tour thing.
Getting super excited to announce a last minute speaker coming next week! stay tuned
"The last legend" the new album coming soon I'm back "slyder music 2 " the mix tape b4 the album coming soon ..
serious case of food coma going around the office thanks to So full.......
I'm gonna take my mom out on a date. she deserves it. or maybe my dad's taking her out. :l
Cant wait to go upstate for the weekend with my boo :) .
Okay, now I have results. But only because conflates powdered sugar with both confectioner's sugar AND granulated sugar.
If you guys can't watch 's freestyle scroll all the way down and click 'desktop'
Lmao this girl said mashed potatoes.
Sometimes you will go through so much just to get disappointed in the end.”
The person who risks nothing, does nothing, has nothing, is nothing, and becomes nothing.
yes 6-12 at secret. =] why
I think this tendency is evidence of higher level spatial-temporal reasoning.
Sometimes I wonder if the holocaust was just a misunderstanding, and Hitler actually just hated "juice."
RIP Junior Seau. You will truly be missed. A kind and loving person who always had a smile for you.
hahahahaha(: that just makes me die of laughter!(:
Celebrating mom.
If #oomf lived closer we'd have fun lol .. Samurais all the time <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+008E>
From Martin L. King to #Trayvon Martin. We've come a long way but still got a long way to go. Rock your hoodies 4 solidarity w/ the Martins.
RT : How awkward is it when someone says "isn't that a great idea?!?!" and you don't have the heart to say "it's sh*t!"
Jumpong out the window and letting everything go... Beautiful death
FUUUUUUUUUUU. On the brightside i will? :/ idk i could use you for mine if thats alright. But im sorry, i wish i could help:/
A nigga dat thinks & kno a bit*h needs him treats her like shit!
Israel's arms biz worthless now? What use is a supplier that turns around and neutralizes what you bought?
#apple I buy ALL your shit Simple tweet... Gotta be a PAIN IN THE ASS
exciting news! we need more details!!
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
No frowning, I just did my smile the opposite way.. I did it like this (: instead of like this :) That's all, hehe!
SOJA concert , WinterWonderLand , Out on the Town , Just staying fresh , come through and get geared up @ Sindication !
Thanks for the RT!
Companies, #hospitals and non profit organizations alike have found #CST works
Merry Christmas!!!
Watching final destination 5 ;o
is there a word for a troll whom you actually know and interact with regularly? if not i think we need a new word.
that's so awesome no one can lose with God on their side.
quit tweeting in school
Academics greatly fear putting higher-education content on the web.
I was random singing lyrics in 7th and everyone was all what song is that.
Yeah. I have another game on Tues.
good stuff! I hope we had something better. Plus we have u!
Wow people are tweeting nasty things The live stream crashed while #Jordan #Night was talking about playing
Please note that our next show in will start at 8pm. Make your reservation now !
RT - the chronic usage of the "n" word.. That's just as IGNANT
what the hell
Rush River Tasting FRIDAY Oct 1. 3-6pm. as always FREE. Also come enjoy our weekly wine tasting Friday 4-7pm and Saturday 1-6pm!
It's great the #RedSox have these mini rally's but they don't help when Sox get down by big runs. Need to stop putting themselves in hole.
I'll love you more than you'll ever know<3
Confirmed C-USA release to be mid Friday morning & UTSA to have their own release after that, mid-day of aftnoon. TBD on the place.
No time for conversation. Cut the check, give me cash, or be out.
Welcome back Ande! This Chat is right up your alley ;)
..k. WELL ANYWAYS. Hi, everyone. Haven't been on in awhile. (:
Reading through your blog, Lawrence of Arabia is my favorite too! They play it twice a year at a theater here in Santa Monica
New Years is here. one more week and then time to get ready for pool season.
Pootie Tang was written and directed by Louis CK?
I'm getting a rainbow EQUALITY stamp & marking every damn dollar I spend until this ends. We need 101 ways to send the message.
OccupyNYC: Liberty Square is being RE-OCCUPIED! 500+ people and growing! Come on down! Bring blankets&food!
Omg I need to get out of this classroom i'm bored af
Yes. RT : Is it just me or does the economic news seem to consist of either Debt Ceiling woes or record corporate profits?
I have the worst headache ever!
I am just so funny I can hardly live with myself.
"Sometimes" directed by WAYM instructors Sarah Milinski & David Sloan was accepted into the 2012
You are absolutely correct! RE: lawyers and twitter
Rolling up that tired
RT : Congratulations to all graduating NYU International Students, Class of 2012! We are all so proud of you!!! Hooray!
ok thanks
Do you guys ever come up with solutions instead of inane pettiness!
RT : NYC commercail real estate sales increased 32% in 2011 over the prior year. The office market sales were up over 38%....
It's exciting huh?! Is this your first?
$NASV - miss the first rally?! Here we go....again. We see this almost everytime. The morning dip then a higher rally! Could it happen?!
Can't wait for the #superbowl ads. So much fun!
The hue and cry system remained in place until the 1700s.
RT : RT : Rush will love your little slap on the wrist. We'll boycott you until you
Irony: sitting in a webinar broadcast on ebooks in room w/13 others. 1 iPad, 2 Macbooks, all the rest pen & paper.
Welcome Hmong refugees: “Please feel at home.” Cherry-blossom petals flutter. Once this was snow. Once, when they were home.
Life is a puzzle
I'm not there No more but Ariel can tell her cause I don't got her number nomore
The only reason alot of these people are famous is beacause of Justin...
access to local db storage?
haha. If you could go ONE place for dinner where would it be?
Thanks so much to our amazing speakers for #dhdebates event: Great dialogue about politics of DH!
Allegedly David Carradine actor found dead. If true for those of us that practice martial arts it's a sad day.
Some people make your life better by walking into it, while other people will make your life better by walking out of it...
Chunky crystal necklaces ready for Chanel « Snap Fashion
Talk stupid off, wit your HEAD !”)
An incessantly crying child is, in fact, the worst sound ever created.
they are annoying
by ant chance are you in Houston on Sunday??
The wrong man in your head, will stop #God from sending the true #soulmate that belongs in your bed. #relationships, #advice,
Good quote. We're hoping it's true today!
RT : Donate a tweet RT #ryankennedy
At the driving range and then I think it's time for a drink!
1859 Balloon Voyage is flying today! Stop by your local for a $5 off coupon on your way over.
I think you're sending spam.
"publicity for 45:33 described it as being designed to accompany jogging workouts, "to reward and push at good intervals...
Two extra tix to botar-what are up to this weekend??
I'm glad I'm not the only person in the world that thinks that!
The last two weeks make me completely certain that I understand nothing about the Premier League. Tim Howard scores? Joey Barton sues refs?
Wow really your just going to ignore me now. Very mature lol!!
Eating lots of starch, flour, sugar and fructose that digest to lots of glucose (sugar) + Insulin + Fat = Weight Gain... Too!
spawned the coolest Lu Bu costume ever. In fact Lu Bu was the only thing I liked about DW6. Strikeforce on the other- kicked ass!
": Some things happen organically."
omg I know! like I'll probably know it.. But JUST CAUSE its on the computer I'll fail.
about to finally see breaking dawn!
Grateful that 85 +/- % of my stuff is packed. Dreading tomorrow a bit, but I have the day off to finish my midterm and move and I need it.
I'm heading to the post office in a few minutes!!
Well, at least the boyfriend said it, not the daughter.
Yo i've Been hipp To B-Pumper for too long, that nigga Dirty As Shit, but He too funny
will not happen in “: So wait, Pkwy got shut down at 3:30?! 24 shot n 10 stabbed?! Allyuh cyan behave?!”
i have home work :( not fair come do mine for me
Can we help? Flour or Corn Tortillas? RT : I really want some tacos. Like really bad.
why Jessie??? He is amazing!!!!! Omg eliminations tonight broke my heart
Overheard at target: "I need some gels for my flip-flops."
Thanks! So you're coming to the 5am class, right?
aye aye sir! The waves aren't the same without you
Always feel like I'm saying "Italian urban cheese" when I specify bread at subway
RT Even the richest soil, if left uncultivated will produce the rankest weeds. Leonardo De Vinci
What doesn't kill me should make my love tougher.
Best wings: BWW. That's just not even close to true. Oscars & Tanners are much better. Oscars by far the leader.
Getting kinda late about go back home
have a wonderfull weekend and have fun
No matter what else you buy, Red Bull makes a supermarket purchase seem unhealthy.
Lazy Sunday....hoping a shower will break this laziness!
I meant march on.
Pretty pass from kaner on that goal. #nhl get it within one goal.
Things I don't usually hear at the grocery store: excuse me young lady, I dont mean to run you over.
I hope to see the #Supermoon from the plane.
Come check out surrender this wed/ thur it's going to be a great night at the best nightclub to party
McGee's play will determine on how far the Nuggets get in the playoffs
Want to finish this stupid paper -_-
Why does milo find the need to growl at lizards on the OTHER side of my window
Thanks! A lot of us android people don't want to use itunes, it kind of takes over your phone.
I know i'm sick when books, butts, and beer have no appeal. Damn you sickness.
I googled images for douchebag and a picture of a Hollywood club sub-promoter came up.
did you see Dianna & Naya fuckin flawless as ever!!!!!!!!
Putting on a tie to head to Washington convention center downtown for HRC fundraiser where B.O. will be the keynote speaker. Should be fun.
Happy St. Patrick's Day Miami! Remember, Irishmen drink for free today. ;-}
Thanks ! We're proud to be part of such amazing list of people
i always follow back!!
Hitting Atlanta up :-) Fwm
The ability to use Facebook at work in Maine is about 50/50
(TN) RESIDENTS-Now in your area! www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com Get a No Cost Public and Private Health Insurance Plan Review Today!!
#Obsessions Tonight Mykko Montana Live! #FWM ((e
why don't you cry about it
Music might just be my first love
Ah. I thought it might be. :D
RT : Has corporate casual gone too far? One of my coworkers was barefoot in the office this morning at a major...
for the record choose to adopt a generic last name I would have been happy for her to keep her maiden name
Def. thought about this before. 3-4 range I think. RT : What was your earliest verifiable memory and how old were you when you had it?
#GetMikeyTo100K DO IT GUYS
1 day left then a 3 day weekend. i wisj i didn't have to make up all of these testss!
no way ! I told that guy he couldn't come in!
Follow the gang on twitter!
Twitter works! ;-D
When I do some of my professors' course evaluations, the song "Too Little Too Late" comes to mind.
we have bananas/oranges in the H4R HQ - breakfast is enroute!
At work making "bro" name jokes with my main man Manny Fresh!
Since when did I become a soccer mom?!? I will resist all attempts to make me drive a minivan! Gotta draw the line somewhere
So is it still a hangover or did I end up with food poisoning? :(
amen to that.
True dat, C.S. #goodfriday RT He who has God and everything else has no more than he who has God only. -CSLewis
RT : good idea! I had a car until last month. Parking it was a nightmare. Now I just use when I need...
Bumping to a beat , hey
Heading out west for the lothian road
Wow, that hit me right in the gut.
NY workshop is sold out! Thanks guys, see you tomorrow!
The Hangover is quite possibly the funniest movie I have EVER seen...IN MY LIFE!! Go see it. Now.
That's what we like hear! RT Can't wait for my 21st birthday. will be my first stop! Go !!!
CWCCs downtown luncheon starts at 11am. Walk-ins are welcome, but we may sell out, so get your seat now.
John Riley: "Three steps to delivering on your brand promise: Define your brand promise."
Apparently I was not the only one off at 4 on a Friday
thanks for the follow can't #followback for some reason all my actions are forbidden, wth
Go Rob!!!! Dan Abrams is da bomb!
#WaysToImpressMe a completely different Steeze , a original style . Something I've never seen before.
I think about u...then remebered y i stopped thinking about in the first place.
Jesse, will you hold a press conference like Tiger?
Book is still good. Buy it from me, get it signed. 18 bucks. "Camera, Speed...ACTION!" Truth about being an actor
SUITE TONIGHT! It's for charity
thanks man.
superstoked on receiving the #goods =^-..-^=
i bought them in september , but ill check for yah & lyk if they have lol
I miss having a swing dance partner.
Fun Fact from DOT: The Zoo Interchange is WI 's oldest and busiest interchange.
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
Ready for a crazy weekend!
we're watching the game at mellow mushroom
dang wish I could have been at the espys!
#ManCity is possessing really well.
Is anyone else's twitter being stupid?
The same naked girl wearing only a thong bikini keeps following me despite my efforts in spam reporting. Getting tired of the deja vu!
Now taking donations for the "broke ass college student going to Buenos Aires and needs to buy her plane ticket" fund.
You haven't LIVED until u've learned to capture those beautiful #moments and let go of ur misfortunes. Light & darkness can't bond.......
There is something entertaining about having the power to compel 50 people to break into the Electric Slide.
I love this town.
We're sure no one noticed. ;) RT : ready to see you on :) might have a slight crush on you lol
BUZZ - a young adult novel about romance and bullying, racism and personal responsibility for the environment ... and about an old beekeeper
Good morning Twittersphere!
Rough night
Need more followers
I had no idea sam from icarly was in malcolm in the middle.
Nope, but they beat phoenix without Rads and AK with Toots in line up. Just gonna have to do it again. Intensity 4 60 minutes
Going to marquette today...it's a little chilly, but a Jeppa Joes sandwich will warm you right up
Good Morning Children of God... When Satan wants to destroy you, he puts a person in your life. Be careful who you allow into your world...
Such a good weekend with ... Definitely not ready for the week/reality to start
Never give up your richness for illusions or pawn yourself for less than your potential/promise. Always remember and respect your true value
Off to American Meteorological Soc. annual meeting in Seattle, on climate change communications panel, then to full meeting.
So Chelsea could win their first European Champions Cup against.....Mourinho? Hm interesting.
all the good ones are taken or play too many dang games now i'm left with the...well the opposite.
Cute! Pattern link?
...and once again, this Windows machine seems to be completely baffled at how to install its own update.
Yes. Hot bath in Epsom Salts. Leave the housework! Take a slow walk and relax. Get a massage. have the same problem. Feel better
How was ur day everyone
I can't help it
Join us for a special Valentines chocolate truffle & wine tasting for only $12 per person today between noon & 6pm.
it said 139 but it'll be more
Start-up website having a meeting at this bar right now. So optimistic, so on-it. You are not ready for how bald/sad you will get, dudes.
"i want you and your beautiful soul" lol thats the only song i remember from him
They always say sex sells... even donuts, I guess.
No matter which direction it moves, it stops when it hits the wall of admins and legislators.
You're acting distant, I don't like it.
Just kidding.... #GasolineTrip x
Had a blind Easter tasting with family featuring 3 Paloma wines: 06 Merlot, 09 Merlot, 09 Cab. I picked 06 Merlot as my favorite.
is that shit mad good or nah? Never tried it
#FeelAlive again and call us; We can bring you back to life and help your home!
Kobe can't buy a bucket.
Hurry!!!! scheduling appointments and doing consulatation about our services here at Credit Solutions call now @ 888-575-4482!
Hm I hate feeling like I would be better for people..You know when like you see a relationship and it's SO wrong, lol I could do it better
You're searching for meaning in moments I've probably forgotten.
it happened again! LOL
Last night on Dancing with the Stars Chris Brown was wearing a pair of Lacrasia gloves his stylist asked us to make. Loved his light show.
Neither the Nuggets or the Lakers are going to get past the Thunder so this is all for funnsies anyway.
My #dad on how #men think: "a hamburger in the hand is worth two chicks (ladies) in the bush."
you did nothing wrong i dont know why people are getting so mad.
www.kociradio.com blues show - live interview with K.K. Martin, top blues promoter and musician from Orange County California
Agree w/ you on No. 1 RT Top Ten Public Relations and Social Media Predictions for 2012 (Good list, except for Nos. 1 & 2)
thanks for a great time last night
Ready to come back to indy!!!
You're thinking of "The Artist"
Happy to hear you're coming to the Land of Enchantment!
Every minute you live presents a choice. Whoa! I'm not sure I can take the pressure. Think I'll just live and not worry about it.
: "My son hit an inside the diamond homerun in tee-ball today...it wasnt pretty"
how old do you have to be to work there
gotta get my hair cut today
MOBOTIX Enhances Product Portfolio With New Cameras, Accessories
that's fine the cats like it in the shed w/ me.
S/O to my new follower follow him!
I'm guessing since its the prog genre it's probably the Matthew Parmenter from "Discipline".
Umm I don't think I should be watching the seed of chucky all alone in the dark. Yeah no! Changing the channel! Too scared!
"Never Without You" Fan Comments: An amazing song to mark the passing of an amazing man. Fantastic job Ringo!
Dee K! How bout it!?
Nut Snack??!!
Some dumb ass asked me if my tui shirt was for a school. Idk why school has fucking baseball bats an brass knuckles as a mascot
Actually I do, a friend went andnow gets a text when tics post . It happend so fast it was surreal
Going back 4 years in memory to remember how an Oracle db works with an old WebObjects app. I'm the lone survivor. :-)
thanks for showing the end of this big east game that is already over rather than the beginning of a top ten matchup!
Didn't they used to perform the nominations for Best Original Song?
Massive grassroots #GOTV = huge voter turnout. That is what democracy looks like. Crossing my fingers for all of us.
Why does everything that has a legal impact on the public happen in #Florida?
ah, ya that time of year..
Shelia Jackson: Part of this is our fault because we didn't discuss what the criteria should be to close schools
GOODMORNING(: Hope you have a good day today. Stay out of trouble<33 lol #Prankster i love and support you
As a manager I never was a dick but one thing I'd totally get on your ass about would be coming to work late- but carrying a Starbucks cup.
why are you thanking me...
RT : "Facts tell, stories sell."
Why do I feel guilty painting over old canvasses?...:( 10 yrs later I'm a much better artist-but feel like I'm erasing my past with a brush
Money, power, respect. In that particular order
Keep fighting Senator Taylor! Please all 14 of you stay in IL until Walker backs down no matter how long it takes.
Just finished my senior shirt with #twitterless Lindsey. Doesn't look to great but it was super fun too make
Just made 93 mini-cupcakes for my students for tomorrow.
I don't wanna leave Chavez just yet.. There are things I want to do before I leave.
Happy Birthday to our boy and IHJJR supporter
what is the password or the 1D presale Tomrrow and will there be VIP for there Chicago concert 2013 please reply!!!
Heading over to Kings Plaza to get ink and pick up flyers from Kinkos.
Fire alarm has gone off in my building before, but not for an hour! And the six firetrucks that came...
Yay!! No school today day! What to do? Home for the day so far =)
Can I get an eggroll w/that duckyouknow
to become a beachbody coach
I am SO hungry
What's a nice euphemism for "broke" that's not "shoestring?"
baby (: I miss you(:
: If I believe Manning & Irsay, this was not about money? I guess it was about Irsay wanting Luck to play over PM? Well said
RT #bedbathandbeyond #uofa If you go to University of Arizona and like FREE stuff!
happy birthday !
Bothy. "left unlocked and available for anyone to use free of charge." Kind of sounds like Jamie. Zing!
Movies not to confuse in conversation: Super 8 and 8mm
What section are we in for the first 1D concert? I'm looking at a map now!
Q1 Graphite gray, aqua blue, and cherry blossom
Not a problem! Absolutely love your music!
I'd say hug it out, but I don't want you drawing wood.
This whole eathing healthy thing is bullshit. I want a cheeseburger. DAMN YOU !!!
wow thats a sexy body!!
Its something's I can't do anymore and I'm leaving alone to let myself grow a little have to do what is best for me
my thoughts exactly
truthfully my friends and I talk about worse.. Try being the only girl with like 5 guys!! LOL
I can't take this.. i miss her so much.. she was my everything.. i loved her so much.. she made me happy.. i hurt her.. i feel like shit..
True ": Just because she smiles doesn't mean she's happy sometimes you gotta find out whats behind the smile that's hurting her"
its a prelude my friend.
Nevada now #2 in home foreclosures after a continuous 62-week run. Arizona is now #1. Maybe economy finally turning around here!?
It makes me uncomfortable when people sleep at school....
RT : it was a honor to be on the panel with you, btw follow to fill your bookshelves! Wow! GRACIAS!
preparing to enjoy another bright, bright sunshiney day!
Just 45 minutes before we commence the season ending, brain busting, incedibly drunk, feat of mental strength that is trivia at The Tracks.
man a nigga board
Shane: thanks for the follow! Hope you enjoy the tweets! Therese'
man - in - the - mirror... Change..... (whisper) Make that change.
Did anyone use any Chroma brands of paint to paint Easter eggs over the weekend?
Can I be the 7th person you follow on Twitter? 7.2 maybe? I'll settle for 7.3 and that's my final offer!
nothing serious its jst that I don't like my stuff being touched and disappearing nd nobody knowing where it is.
Don't let any one tell you your not beautiful cause no matter what you are<U+2764>
She saw how you living n instantly got comfortable.... smfh im not even gonna go there
For by grace you have been saved through faith. And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of God. – Ephesians 2:8
ok yes I need 7 from you and they come in hopefully next Tuesday if they get ordered tonight
#askSarah What's it like being with Alex? Y'all are too cute. :')
Have a good and safe crossover into 2012.
your band is kicking ass, loving it!
And then to make it worse, they started piping Train music in here.
Thanks -- you're sweet!
Randy Orton going too win
Anytime! Though after last firday - i dont know if i want to drink EVER again.
RT : #Chicharito - has already scored in 4 different competitions for #mufc (and winning goals in all competitions too)
Watched both babies all day so my mom can catch up on her rest & she said that her & her gf are going out now. Umm wtf!? Noo.
Nothing in my locker, finally school is almost over.
It is rough, but we enjoy your company :) RT : Laying out living a rough life;)
see all those days that ur not playin ball that no one sees or notices, those are for men. U kids will learn
Education versus entertainment How do we
rodeo drive :D
Beltway media contiues to portray support for raising taxes on the wealthy as something only liberals support in Amercia. False.
Less than 11 hours till the start of Wrestlemania 27 !! Can't wait to see it ,
The Hunt: The Hunt - A Change of Scene, One Town Over Nicholas Zagoreos needed a house with three bedrooms and a yard for his dogs. He we
maybe can be a beta tester? :)
God is an Artist"
I be on the same shit but its a little different though . And this is the same bitch , she just in some different clothes .
Come on 3 O'Clock!
Those who can't do, teach. Those who can't teach, protest.
come back
Yes You The Bestt .<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Pretty soon that stormy wx pattern will work back north in the next few weeks...for both of us! Hope all is well!
Classic victim blaming.
You have a very powerful mind that can make anything happen as long as you keep yourself centered. ~Dr. Wayne W. Dyer
Thanks to Twitter, I have new Sinead, Perfume Genius, and Burial lined up for streaming while doing orignial #cataloging this afternoon.
“: Laughing at because I can see him playing the air drums” LMAO
What will the best superbowl ad be?
second guessing <<
im cute even in person
You're very welcome
The only guy who comes to mind is Kevin Youkilis.
If Solon were alive, we could consult him and then go on a 10 year trip to make sure our laws held.
i wish i could go but i live in florida :/
Yo! Dope words on cascades, appreciate it. My personal favorite of the project
Sorry I've been outta the loop!I'm back! Is all well with finding a home, etc?!!! Missed ya!
I just posted on my FB page for people to help out :)) We must do this! You guys so deserve it! <3 y'all!! :))
When tryin 2 sleep nothin beats drinking some liq and watching a slow ass movie
Maybe that's why we started using tweeps?
Hey Abby! I just read The Earl's Mistaken Bride and LOVED IT! Mentioned it on Goodreads. I always love your books! :)
I heard Conan is on Google Hangouts...LOL
I must say my sister wears is better then me.
I remember during the every 15minutes assembly everyone started tearing when read about ty. Lol
Wonder how the warm weather will affect St. Patrick's day festivities? Lots going on.
No worries man. You're cute, btw (and so is your hair :P)
Follow me on facebook at goody gone shineallways
Yes, I'm reading a cookbook in bed.
Audition for the Stage Manager in "Our Town" tomorrow, Grover's Corners look out!
i got some mixtape beats that you can slide on. look for a track by gucci mane "stooopid" and we can slide you on that one
the amount of people i follow is the year i was born in..
Real women aren't dimes because COINS GET TOSSED
Going to the Carnival :)
Do we have a date for the Chivas game yet?
I'm Canadian, thank you very much. We just sit back and quietly, humbly make the world a better place.
Today marks the 15th anniversary of being married to my beautiful wife! I love you Michelle!
very cool! funny I'm using the same font for a 30th birthday right now
"The only way to fall; is down." <3
RE5 Monday night, bring your A game
that sounds like pure misery. belch. glad you got home safely. very smooth sailing on this end -- no probs at all!
That would be me, but we're not there just yet.
Today is a good day to not give a shit.
Wtf with twitter it keeps unfollowing people.
Awww My Sissy Just Drove Over Here && Surprised Me :) Lols That Was Cool I Aint Seen ha In A Lil Minute,
That's awesome, although you could go and discover life outside your home... :p I love what is doing to share content.
Set-up stage for new client's social media is done. Just waiting for her business logo and post to complete the process.
Can't stop telling people abt Tom Drury's The Driftless Area, even though I finished it a while ago now. Still in awe of what he pulls off.
And that is why this account-wide complaining bothers me. They are upset because their "proof" allegedly has less weight.
I'm coming up soon
ill keep my eyes and ears open. Random job descriptions get thrown my way for some reason.
Can Cain concentrate on running for office with all the "noise" in his head?
I've told you half a dozen times, June 30!
Basketball 101: As a coach it is ABSOLUTELY part of your responsibility to talk to your players about the pitfalls of drug use.
Of course we would! But at the moment we are writing for our next full instrument EP :]
#indiewview I'm here!
In session, the CEO even admitted that Pinterest doesn't even know what Pinterest is. Agreed: WAY too new.
"O baby you, you got what I need, but you say hes just a friend." words of wisdom from a dude named Biz
Sad news. Chef Chris is leaving Green Goddess. BUT..he's opening Serendipity, which hopefully will be EVEN BETTER.
Starting in one hour!!!! Come by 209 Gold to get your tickets for the March 16 performance of the Spanish Room for 50% off!
Not having a #hangover has changed my life haha. My Closing Time Hangover Supplements actually work!
Just got to Mt Sac Track to watch my buddy run the 1500m, looks like still holds the stadium record for the 100m-9.86
Ol girl talkin bout the nigga now. Lol now that's funny like them dirty ass shoes
Tell me why said: "Y'all would be hurt to hear your mothers body counts tho"
The Twilight Zone marathon: my favorite NYE tradition.
::its 60¨, how warm do you need to be??lol
Ah! Where are you headed?
The search for happiness is one of the chief sources of unhappiness .... true.
That would mean no more straightening your hair. Because I love you Dan, but you straighten your hair more than meXD
I'll kill you...in Just Dance on Wii
S/o to . Follow my bro, best tweets!
7 more days of school? Woahhh...
I don't want to... Are you in school ?!
mines too same place homecoming night:(
ha. Pink lipstick, more like a babies arm holding an apple. I'm a bulldog.
“: Just wana get on this plane n sleep” gonna hit it hard
Aww, can we have library outside today?
Little boy blue and the man on the moon
VIRGINIA WOMEN & WIVES GET YOUR DREAM BEDROOM FURNITURE FROM IKEA OR ANY STORE - WE WILL ASSEMBLY THE FURNITURE FOR YOU
I try to push my way in and see whats up with this House/dubstep/dance music but it pushes right back and says"umm nigga I am not 4 you" lol
Congrats ! This #autism mom was deeply touched. Like , I'd like to hand out pamphlets!
Rock and roll is about having a good time, so no matter where you are right now, blast some music and forget about life’s problems -Andy B.
The tongues of the creatures wait, drawn to the fragile legs you walk on
Serena Williams beat her big Sis.. N; a championship game 2day!!!
yaay whoo got a bunch of random bracelets
"LIFE IS ONLY THIS PLACE, THIS TIME, AND THESE PEOPLE RIGHT HERE AND NOW." ~VCollins So for me, I'm glad YOU are these people! Thanks!
All the other kids, with the pumped up kicks.
I don't like wearing heels, because if wear them I look like a giraffe. <U+E40E>
why? did you get banned?
Looks like Braun has caught fire.
you are already sweet as honey! Hugs
Passwords changed, ready for work! Been a hectic morning! Lets hope the day gets better!
she's as hard as a senior citizen's erection.
I'm way to lazy to go to the app store & get the twitter app -.- lol ; my hair doesn't want to work with me today fuck pony tail
Viacom, Inc. to Visit NASDAQ MarketSite in Times Square
Lucky Jeans are the only ones that fit me right, almost guaranteed...so I just went a little crazy on ebay. Hope I get outbid a little.
Let's go Sugar Shane!!!!
diy show in chi? been too long. when ya comin?
Man, Nick Faldo is annoying.
Soo glad i don't have to wake up tomorrow morning!!
Hmm, interesting. They (or she) have definitely toned it down this week and last. I also like the idea of her maturing :).
Huh curtain made out of pizza awesome and weird :-)
Terry Havel is killing it today.
#Uppers” you one deep sistah love, love,love it
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and call whatever you hit the target.
yep and pass it
Aww-well I grew up only eating once/twice a day-Only in the winter do I tend to eat a little more. I just like feeling comfortable
Thanks for replying Yasmine but WOW it too you a long time as if you did not trust me or my question. Hope I did not upset u.
Here's a great first day ! Welcome to the Knox Family!
also decided to downsize my furniture and use the antiques at wils, im tired lol
Football fans can have the remote the rest of the day...but it's DOGS UNTIL 2 ON THANKSGIVING DAY! Spread the word!
the SSX Tricky soundtrack is prideful work
u know how
do you have a tattoo?
I find it fascinating to see women dance to a song that goes "I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one".
I wanna do a scene with ya! Fuck!
RT : Behind my smile is a story you would never understand.
I doubt that. But take a guess - how many copies of "Unconditional Surrender" do you think exist? (no cheating!)
Why Devonte keep playing phone tag with me??
The S&P 500 is at the same levels as 1998, which means 13 years of people's hard work have created nothing but Goldman Sachs profits.
yay last night was SO much fun!! except i do not appreciate getting sloppy drunk...a tad embarrassing. oh well i love paul can dyke!
You really need to shake up mindset at MSNBC about not covering global events like Seoul Summit, rather showing Lock Up reruns!
'I don't want to look like a nun - I'd rather freeze!'
#tmidude RT : There is no place in the world I'd rather go to the bathroom then the unisex bathroom at work, so relaxing... <U+E415><U+E415><U+E415>
Archetype Dermigraphic would like to give back to the community that supports them so well. They're offering a $300 tattoo gift certificate
I don't know if you watch Leno, but my boy Blake Shelton just declared he is a die hard cards fan! Yeee Haw!
The Great Depression demonstrated that long term disaster came not from stimulus but from deficit cutting at the wrong time.
I want to put random objects in all of your body holes
I miss u more how u been
Fastest tweeter in town RT : Storm fumble... 1st down Command...
Finally, I think I found a better alternative to #Hootdroid's many issues. Hello, #TweetCaster!
Good morning babes!
so i walk into class and my professor came over talking bout sea rays this weekend
Andrew Bynum blocked more balls today then Kim Kardashian's chin
I knew Shotz Brewery but had to google what #GMTA meant. Seriously!
yes! Approved with the logo on back instead of text.
Wats the point Anymore?
Me too. Patients still ask for business cards.
we gonna look "fancy" (lees voice) on saturday haha
$10 Red Sox-131 off to an early lead. On fire on MLB!
I AM APPALLED THAT A ORGANIZATION LIKE THIS CAN OPERATE RIGHT OUT IN THE OPEN. WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS PICTURE?????????
my producers is good ppl yall follow them
Had I known it was bring your kid to work day I so would've brought the lil man! Not sure how I would have gotten any work done, though...
RT : Wow, this Movement to Music class at my aunt's senior center is KICKIN'.
RT & Thanks ! #MondayMensch shout-out to
This cold i caught « «
Home alone....well there's only one thing to do!! *Plays Moving On full blast*.....BEST DAY EVER!!!!!!!!
That's fanastic! I love it!!
shoot. had to leave. see you soon?
I am starting a new academic movement called the Dirigible Humanities.
shared your post w/ boss. He asked if I was asking for a raise. We're settling on a bottle of booze.
Ahem ... "Most" RT : How god awful is Twitter gonna be in a few hours when EVERYONE tweets, "Ugh, didn't win the $640 million."?
Check out today's article in the metro section page B1plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate 4 Cleveland Clerk of Courts
The lights went out kmsl
Thanks! Will be much appreciated.
google docs doesn't like the word "relatable" is this a problem that anyone else understands?
Pay at the pump didn't work. Almost drove away without going inside to pay out of habit. That would have been embarrassing.
Buutt I wipe my own ass
rest easy....chirp chirp
Over 1.1 billion people, roughly 15% of the world’s population, lack safe drinking water.
Friday night....Doesn't get much better than that...Well besides Saturday night
You know what I always liked? The Little Endless. Something about that Little Grumpy-face Dream always made me smile a lil.
this can't be real! Has to be CGI or something...that is popular these days!
Not only has my sleep schedule changed, but the way I sleep has now changed.
Looking for Supply Chain/Logistics backgrounds for various positions. Implementation Analysts, Post Sales Support, Technical Developers, & …
Going to a concert and bringing 7 things to sign. one for each of the boys. One for Paul. and one for Josh. :)
I'm doing good Big Sis. How are you?
Now you can get your daughter a jersey with "Simons". Former #dpubb and #HoopsTheGym star back with the Clippers.
Walek & Gorkana Hacks and Flacks: July 14, 6 pm at the Silverleaf Tavern. Mark your calendars.
i want another one.!
I got my lip pierced for my birthday . New pics soon :D
Sure!! RT : Thanks for including me and in the Career Span Chronicle. Fun! : )
Nice. I've only seen 20.
What u know about losing your brother knowing who did it n dnt go to court so his family cud feel ur pain
Pretty sure nature just flips a coin to determine whether a day is hot or cold in spring.
Counting down the days until everything drops:) be on the look out for our new song, Gran Destino ! LIVE YOUR LEGACY PEEPS: )
#JackWelch: "Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision &relentlessly drive it 2 completion"
nothing wrong with that title. Go for it! :-)
On April 14, the #Yankees will play the Dodgers and the Giants will play the winner of that game, all in one day for one admission. [1943]
#Nuggets fans, Kobe may be a lot of things, but sucks isn't one of them.
Wishes a Happy aniversary to Wilhelm.
so he has 2 twitter accounts, haha? And so how come he only has like 700 followers wund he have thousands if that wad real?<3
Believe it or not I've got the highest #Klout score in Florida. Im also ranked #1 influencer by widely read StPetersblog
Im home alone , everybody got low on me
Congrats to Daniel Lieberman on his Google Policy Fellowship! :-)
#sljsummit10 Karen Cator, Director, Office of Education Technology US Department of Education soon to speak
I realize that was a crude summary of your pieces. But it was interesting that they came out at the same time.
#cupertino is trending!!!
I like the old shoes better:) they hve character. But time to make thenew ones go through hell:)
Its not only Friday but my Friday too!
Thks for the chuckle, now where are my mints this morning! RT : It was a terrible and smelly observation!
The majority of men meet with failure due to their deficiency of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail.
oh thanks so other day sorry bye i love you my friend(:
Tech is done... Looks good! Get tix for Fri/sat
Ready for some at Mohawk. Time to rawk
Brother an mother in a damn snoring contest an shit
Huge congratulations x2, Becca, wishing you & family lots of happiness!
you going tomorrow? Or later i guess?
for real! Like if they just gave me a test for like the whole semester I could pass it ha.
wilson chandler at the game tonight, thoughts?
Forecast for Saturday: Mostly cloudy in the morning. Becoming partly cloudy. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 64 to...
damn won't be here on the 12th
You forgot Alaskan time!! Ha ha!
thank u miss!!
22 days seems longer than recent years?
I'm n dah mall Finna get me sum hotwings wiff MB #LA lol retweet me if u want me to tell dem u said wats up ... <3
im watching it with my girlfriend ( ) and shes like omg that dress is so pretty1 and omg i want that bikini!!!:)
Hang out with Uzette, Icky and the Alice 97.3 Entourage tonight, September 14th ! The crew will be handing out prizes from 6 – 8PM!
Yay spongebob the movie is on woo
But make sure the person you drop off your meds to actually works for the program...
We've arrived in Vancouver! Looking forward to participating in Music on Main's Modulus Festival this week.
Raleigh's newest, cleanest and coolest Taxi Service!
Gotta give it up to my dude , did his thing today. Awesome game, Metta!
That's the SF music festival.
I don't get it.
OMG I pranked some1 pretending 2B a man whose 'going' women who wants 2 have sex w/ him. He didn't ask name. He excepts the her 2 come over.
LOL... I'm consistent.
props to you for not aging too much since then. Oh hey, follow while you are at it.
Say what you want about Hitler but
Excellent point! : A3.) Universal design plays into green design; if you design for “later” no waste of a remodel
I need to have a shower soon
congrats on your global scholar hat!
Please follow ill follow back!
Just woke up after sleeping for 12 hours. Cells regenerating, body recuperating, mind... still mush.
Love your twitter desc. of yourself. Great attitude and great dog! (not you) ;-)
Carlos the runner
wishing you a great weekend
why wouldnt i hang up on you if youre just yelling?...
Wut? u best get dat son its straight fire...stays on repeat
Information Unverified Always Has The Potential To Be Wrong.
Hey Stranger
At the park with my lil one. A Grandpa said "quit being retarded". Wow, pc please?
Correction, its the words "TOAST AND EGGS" with a couple of eggs at the bottom. (Still haven't seen it myself)
"If you die in an elevator be sure to press up." <U+2665>
thanks rt n share with your friends
Hey! I'm trying to compile my Storify and for some reason it won't let me and text between articles. Any ideas?
what game did you watch, pacers tapped that ass
Professor of the year ar msu-robert forrester-congrats!!!
Guess the machines don't know everything. Manual override it is!
Uh oh were down
LA KINGS ALL DAY 1-0
My guess is July, if everything stays on course with what is happening now
What happened to current roomie?
Film being shot down the block: bridal party and onlookers running down church steps & down the street again...and again...
ah!! I am so bored!!
What a beautiful full moon tonight.
Happy Sunday morning. It feels like an Adam's Mountain Cafe kind of day.
#IfYouKnowMeWell dont being drama around me
THANK YOU to for all of her hard work so far- I would not be where I am today without her and ALL of my fans- you all rock :)
#Doom over New Haven: April 27th, #Pilgrim ( #MetalBlade ) @ Cafe Nine, 9 PM.
Managed to max out my free NYTimes articles Apr. 12. I got the pay wall blues, man.
when do you sleep?
yes - i'd love to get the gang together. Nice ash would be a welcome venue.
great addition.
Honored to be working w/ and his MLB/NFL athletes. Note to self: Next time, workout with Todd after presentation
Dino, any starch makes my cotton shirts too cardboard-y. It's a job best done oneself with a hotel-quality iron and board.
Homeward Bound...goodbye Canada!
Woken up at 7:15am due to screaming match between brother and mom. Good news, I'm up to watch #TBJ live!
-- Thank You for the mention Shawn!
so imma keep on livin' my life from day 2 day learn from my mistakes
Just heard about a water- powered sump pump. We're checking it out. Locking the barn after the horse has been stolen.
"The Franchise" will now be joining the Team 990, Montreal's Sports Authority 09/12 thefranchise.ca
my birthday was on Easter- I requested ice cream cake :)
as much as i hate them brandon and rachaiel
Wish I was in
I think Chicago's weather is bipolar. Sunday is going to be a high of 50 and then Monday will be a high of 82....
I love the way dresses, she looks gr8 everyday.
Freaky that I haven't driven a car in over a week considering getting a tram
May 18th is coming faster than I thought
Yeah I usually bat a .758
Remember to submit your answers as to what you love MOST about the Denver Broncos and McDonald’s...
I think it is a proud day for all of us lesbian or not : )
It was my and 's pleasure. Here's the next one!
What could the Met's new Web site be doing better? The Met invites you to share your ideas.
nope you are the one who clearly forgets about us...like that time I really wanted to go skating but you forgot =( *tears*
Insert that's what she said joke here.
Good morning! election monitoring and reporting simulation starts at 9am. Live tweets at the conference until 2pm
good luck!(:
#liber2011 Companies must ask themselves the most basic of all questions: what business are we in?
im sure she did that just for me to see
Yay! Thank you. :) I hope it helps with your future relationships too!
The more you are willing to accept responsibility for your actions, the more credibility you will have. -Brian Koslow
I know, I had conflicting feelings about missing this year. But Chicago is treating me nicely.
Lol everybody hate each other now ! That big stack of cards!
Thats 13 RM players ran 40 straight yds each to a podium, zero simulation, fans going mental, all we need is ET cycling over the top now.
From the AAM EdCom lunch: next frontier of museums will be the effective implementation of technology
My laptop's dead. Wth.
Day 7. 2 more days until i can sleep.
eat, sleep, tweet, reblog, bitch, homework, think about college, drink dr.pepper, hit my brother, repeat.
That big sean ft nicki minaj - Ass Remix. Is
Yeah, no one even gets on it :p
aziz ansari is my spirit animal
My dad calls the guy who works at bp bin laden haha
Of course, you should check out Nextdoor, they are wonderful! Gotta love the good ole MO!
Made first decision today on wedding to do list.... Colors =check
TFN President Kathy Miller will be on the Stephanie Miller Show () in a few minutes.
The awesome moment you find out that you are having Harry's baby. :) Ooh lala
Overcome by desire, they parked along a Clovis street, fumbled to undress, and made love inside the car as an onlooker dialed the police.
----super fun and exciting feeling of seeing all these awesome people and hanging out all day in the summer, so it would be awe--
Sister Sybil Boddington: As a young girl, my aunt, Sybil Boddington, who has died aged 92, wanted to be an actor..
For all the things that didn't feel good about yoga tonight, I did a headstand for the first time
Simple equation to figure out if someone's a hipster. Excited about something = not a hipster
Smothering myself with paddys... Elite air along with Hexcon lol eat ball hex
Agree. Love it when hobbies turn into business. Have a happy Thanksgiving!
Final home football practice is to long :p
My daughter Jillian is visiting us now, played tourist yesterday and went to venice beach. Wow, what a collection of humanity there!
For more info: www.ethnicworldpageants.com
Trying to force change upon the unwiling and overworked is pointless. In the end, the effort will yield nothing.
Goodnight twitter.!
You have to act like a friend before you can call yourself one.
this reminds me of that "how has more utility than " piece I've been meaning to write...:-)
THE PIC?? OK TO MUCH PATRON!!!!! MY BAD PAPI!! IT ISD AL LOVE!!!!!
Watching Bruce almighty
So who's coming with me to the (free!) talk at FLP on Monday?
": thank you" Anytime
well, I was texting him the other day, and I told him how I felt.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I LOOK forward to learning lots of great things from your website!
Lol. love how TNA needs WWE in order to trend
This is great! Thanks for sharing our case study!
crossing you off my list xoxox
likes it when he is "pounded at work".....
OMG, I REALLY LOVE THE SONG 11:11.
we will have to walk.... Adventure time
The challenge of discovery lies not in seeking new landscapes but having new eyes. - Marcel Proust
appreciate it! thanks
occasionally, when a lot of studying takes place.
Hang on, Kings. 16 mins left
You made me hate my own reflection and question every choice I make. So I could be perfect! but I wont try to be fake.
Excited to report over 60 toys were donated for The Toy Box Connection. There are going to be some lucky children receiving some awesome...
please don't forget to help us promote this page by clicking share or posting links on your wall. thanks!
Back in #KY and almost home for #FinalFour games after successful day at sale.
yup, good tips
Yo baby momma will have a baby sitter may 25th cause she will be at
Yep its about that time..
sometimes after watching an action movie, i have the urge to buy a burner phone- just in case...
Changing culture is biggest mgmt challenge for driving innovation. Ideas & extracting value are where culture comes into play
possibly the most heinous show on television.
I wouldn't get too comfortable Reade. Word has it that the company needs to trim the fat to stay in the black. Sorry
Are we sure he's the Good Eric, though? He might be Evil Eric in disguise, and we won't know until gets here!
That Nacho Fountain makes me want to go crash that wedding party.
Hosting a yard sale means you might get paid in all quarters.
Sister keep asking am I ok
No. It was a web extra. She wasn't on the show.
Rj is a SAP monster && I wont deal
Scratch a dog, and you'll find a permanent job. ~Franklin P. Jones
is this a rave?
LOL!! RT: A paperless office has about as much chance as a paperless bathroom.
I haven't played #LaserTag in a long time. Sounds like fun!
i can still make funny noises
I'm bias here - Gwen wins
Lookie what we found.
For a 6 hour shift, it sure is going incredibly slow.
very funny!
that is high praise! Miss you lady.
Reads the little bar codes on things just like a checkout machine does, then compares prices at local stores and online.
Love his music & puck handling skills RT : Team USA ties the score at 2-2 on the PP. Jack Johnson with the goal.
#CelebsThatShouldRunForPresident so in every speech he can say "YOLO" and people will love him.
i'm afraid so keishh
#sdmayornp Fletcher: here's some problems, who wants to fix them? Ask the philanthropic community for help.
last night was amazing/the worst night of my life
Thank you for having me as a guest. It was fun!
I performed at a pageant tonight and thought about you
I really hope Montpellier win Ligue 1 so we can get a ridiculous Remi Gaillard video.
congrats to the university of delaware on getting both their men's & women's bball teams into post-season play.
Resistance is futile.
oh ok
only one person said it -_- what are u talking about?
Can't Wait, I am going on Thursday and I think John is going to be a Superb Billy! Looking forward to it! Micci
RT : According to my twitter feed, Bruce Springsteen is always playing a show everywhere.
Well that was a nailbiter at times. Well done !
Thanks for having me, Twitter. Life's about to get interesting.
i do not like promoted Tweets. seeing McDonalds in my tweetfeed is making me STABBY.
Just got an email from The Figgs. New double album being mastered. 2012 tour being planned!
“: Sarah Palin must be looking at Michele Bachmann and feeling the way the Jonas Bros felt about Justin Bieber.”
Agape2Learn field trip.... west of the Mississippi
i want that in my face.
Egan: Techniques of serial TV used to rethink time and chronology
Thanks for the retweets!
Can't stop coughing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Surely not allowed to photograph "bath bubble angels" - trust me, very funny.
My phone is not playing well with Cyanogenmod (or is it the other way around?) and not accepting calls. Email me instead. Thanks!
Hey! How's your day going Bri? Thanks for the following.
completely incomplete
Am I the only one who thinks Vint Cerf, Tim Berners-Lee & other Internet/WWW pioneers should have more say over the tech patent process?
did we not announce crowd size tonight?
You are very welcome. :) Thanks for the link ^^
ahh, you're living my little girl dance dream. Enjoy!!
Can you make sure I'm following u? I'm not sure what's going on w/ my iPad & I'd hate to miss out on anything fab you tweet!
Having a little kid moment- wanna go make snow angels and build snow forts!!!!
you caught me off guard when you said that, but i have to admit, that was really sweet! xD
everything is well ;) Thank you!
Had my first meeting Wassup Vegas, It's on! Stoked!
I did. Sharp kids. I'm getting old. RT : Sounds like is having fun at Hampden Elementary/Middle School's Career Day!
go on your computer or iPod or iPad or nook or any other fucking device.
Time to get the long johns out.
any chance eagles bring in tulloch?
we have great energy
I love you to <U+E022><U+E32D>
have a beer or two
what's with the delay... A true champion would be in the radio by 12:30
How old is your baby now ?
I love that Cameron Diaz went back to short hair.
Curious..how many of my twitter friends want a career in fitness /health but have reservations..? And if so, why..?
We are hiring SERVERS! Please RT
#KSsynapse R.Tsien: Their EM tool, miniSOG, was good enough to solve an old debate about SynCAM molecules; pre- or postsynaptic? It's pre.
Dear Leafs: you're killing me.
Get well soon!
I'm so bored! Are we going to invade Iran or what!? Like OMG gas is too expensive!
Good morning. No classes today. Which means I have to work on my seminar paper. *sigh* Must get it done!
pfft like before I had a kid? I don't remember shit before labor hahahaha! Guess you'll just have to send it again :)
Ur lying... It's Ketchup, a pickle and shredded cheese. RT “: Ketchup doesn't belong on a hotdog”
You are. so. sloppy.... Hi
#CHEAA RT : #CHEAA really enjoyed you guys! Much love!
Hey , how was the move?!? Sore? Find the toaster yet?
At the NLADA conference in DC.
give the ball to Rob Wilson!
My favorite movie is on there goes my morning GOODFELLAS
Sometimes I can't grasp how #sheboygan manages to do this crap...
thanks! we've loved tweeting for the Los Angeles Public Library community :)
Rangers my brother. RANGERS! They could use the Dirk Vibe :D
I love the song i am by roshon fegan he rules
Remember back in the old days when people actually had a website?
He blocking everything
follow back?
AFPW, I could prove your letter wrong, Im a scientist myself, great product, they have, No longer R&D, manufacturing ready
All of the boys to the yard of course!
awww so cute!! Boy or girl??
Tip the damm ball!
Don Thompson future CEO of McDonald's "Truth wins. Early truth."
I was complaining I was starving and now I'm too stuffed haha
We are calling everyone around the AT&T Center Glen Coco. Hahaha Are you Glen Coco?
So you was so interested to hear what I had to say but now you don't won't to even text back? Ok that's cool two can play that game!
damn my boy killin it
#MrsWard's class is super loud today
You turn your back on tomorrow, Cause you forgot yesterday . I gave you my love to borrow, But you just gave it away
Thanks for checking in! How was everything?
Watching Couples Therapy... OMG
miss you too!!!
Hearing WMYB on the radio , then hearing some AS HOLE say "ok now it's time to put real music on" 'changes it to NEYO' WTF come at me bro-.-
TIFFs include a "magic number" in the beginning of the file so that they can be identified as TIFFs. The magic number? 42.
Nothing like translating into your second language to remind you how not "fluent" you are...
December 31st!! Me and crazy ass miss you!
RTWe have a FIFA 12 Launch Kit for or IF they give to a fan. 1st of them to tweet us "SportsNation's FIFA" gets it!
I guess it's time to stop being lazy in get my ass in the shower!! My only motivation is I only have a 1/2 day today
I'll bbl gotta go do something on some other accounts :)
That's strange, perhaps the cold weather is more suitable for you.
You light up my world like no body else!
WUDUP MANDY WE GOTTA LINK GET @ ME.
I like girls with low self confidence...they don't bully me.
ciao new york
you're welcome.
I knew there was a great joke in that commercial. Thanks Ty...
And since this sadaffair has taken place, it is said that he left Meryton greatly in debt.but I hope this may be false
k did u see?
that's amazing.. What part of France
I'm doing great. How are you?
Happy Cinco de Mayo. Loves ya tabs!
I didn't tweet today.
Well today is better . when you pray
well if you love me, please! Go, have a shot, a drink, and leave.
All right what will tonight hold..
#LoveMyFollowers #Follow4follow #followers I #Promise I'll follow you backk all of you soon as I can! Just give my time people follow mepls
because you are wonderful and good and what I would call an alcohol enthusiast ?;^D
well it's been summer in California since January :)
alright! :D
I liked this one too! RT : Startup Trail: like Oregon Trail but for the startup life. Great presentation.
hahaha, i haven't figured it out yet!!
Yes i would be very interested. I have also received a call from the Dr. Drew radio show to appear as a guest.
worst Fucking one I've had I'm so stressed
Memories of a lifetime - what a great gift!
good morning From NYC Grey Line Mappers!!! Have a wonderful time!
My parents are the only two people who truly know and understand me. :)
i feel you cold. i feel you heartless
Victoria Taft? Don't know her...
how was today's run?
what happened?!
I'm hungry taha!
is looking for retail store managers in New York; send your resume
Love is not a thing you can do,when you do other things love will happen
If the rain keeps you off the beach today, come to Crush and stay dry on our terrace........
Interview! Time to #makeithappen, even though I'm feeling a bit nervous.
happy birthday!
Sadness. Not a good night for a diehard #Duke fan.
I have a feeling it is only going to get worse in the next few days. I'm grateful to the whistle-blowers.
Geeking out over the fact that Mark Ruffalo has a Twitter account. Found out thru Been a fan since 13 Going On 30. Hi !
Yes. I think so too.
Told my grandma I don't need a bed, Imma sleep on da Flo!!!
#YouGettinPunchedIf you disrespect my momma.
Warren Ellis' Fell \o/
Oh Dang 2ne1 is up to rock the house!
Buccaneers select rb Doug Martin
Soo excited to discover all the exciting plans God has for me:)
Come and check out Mia Joy Candles trunk show at Equinox in Miami Beach!!
Can you serve #sprummer sausage with this #sprummer weather?
RT "34% of vehicles we sold in May are rated 40mpg hwy by EPA."
i'm sorry! The plenary wasn't good if that makes you feel better
Drinking an Oatmeal Pale Ale by Burnside Brewery and it's damn good.
Amen!!! Ugh its so annoying!
Listen, I did not start this rumor. I am only spreading it. Urban Meyer to Ohio State has happened pending NCAA investigation outcome.
Yup! However, there is still the occasional vomit duty. My wife won't touch that, it's my job.
If it don't make money, it don't make sense 0-o
#DailyRebellion: "Don't worry about a thing/'Cause every little thing gonna be all right."
": i have better things to do in my life than ironing 76% merino wool, 6% cotton comme des garcons sweater" what is the other 12%?
ESPN sits on a child molestation story for 8 years to protect themselves with no thought of the victims. You suck ESPN
Haha , why am I so weird when Im tired !??
breakinn each otherss hearts..but we dont care cause were in 2 deep...
Think my Indianna Jones experience is over been on my guard for giant rolling rock all afternoon - will be sleeping with one eye open!!
i hope your excited to come back to chicago!!!!!!!!!!
People that know nothing always the ones running their mouths.
Miss just made my night... <3
Ready for a change
I need a hype man to follow me around and validate my everyday actions. *head nod
Coming out of stealth mode - launching www.Conceivian.com - the catalyst for innovation
RT : Train accident? Hope everythings alright
RT : Headed to the #Rockies game!!!!
$alute thanks a lot I appreciate you.
Whats the point of love? </3
"With a WHY clearly stated in an organization anyone within the organization can make a decision as accurately as the founder."
Popcorn w/ jalapeño peppers! The bomb!
Call me crazy but I know I am a smart cookie>;)
I'm so full of excitement about what's on the horizon for the that I just may explode...
Happy birthday, Mr. Bear!!!
I know that's right RT You and your daughter are such a blessing! When is the CD coming out?
: I text your ugly butt ! Imy !
I have heard they are doing a call me maybe video :D :D :D :D
what is the special section? lmao
good thanks for asking!!! It's so exciting!!!
Hey Buzz, what's going on?
I WANT: Walkmen, Ukulele, Harmonica, Xylophone, Homemade Terrariums, Air Plants, More Branches, More Crystals, More Inspiration, More.
It is the journey rather than the destination where 1 finds both life & adventure!
Audience knows when people are lying, just be honest as actor.
Another day another million leafs to rake up grrrr.
The terrified horses broke loose from their haltersand ran about the inclosure, mad with fear
Facebook: Lying to people you know. Twitter: Be honest to people you don't know.
You got my hairline all wrong!
chandler is a goon
The storefront next to this airport gate is rocking an entire Maroon 5 album. I unashamedly love it.
When replies to me>
You know you're a geek when you win a game of Star Trek Scene It
@ I'll get on if is down
where did my phone go??? -_-
ewww, school starts in 2 days ! :(
everyone in the world
I hate doctors who can't stay on time for their appointments.
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 8
Being friends with so many marine bio majors makes me realize how terrified I am of whales. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Game 7 at MSG it is.
The BIG winner of the demo pit is......drum roll...congratulations UXFLIP!!!! Now off to the cocktail reception.
I'm like the guy version of Cat :)
Watch out for amazing things coming from the New York Theatre Barn. Big things a-happening....
Ok, did anyone else think The Artist was a pre-make of A Star is Born?
Day of tutorial making off to a great start .. recorded the first one without plugging in my headset/mic. Hahaha!
Hi Dr. Nancy! I hope we touch base sometime. I'll be in LA mtg. w/Fremantle Media the 1st wk of June. Hope u hv a zippy day!
clarification: 46 years public service. 36 in the senate
Only catching random tweets on #MilwaukeeDay. Will have to read your #SaturdayMusic timeline in all its glory! Thanks :)
is grateful to be back in the studio tracking for Entercom Communications stations WOLX Madison, WI & WKQK Memphis, TN.
even I know that Jodeci lol
Messenger suddenly #unstable on #iPhone4 - any suggestions?
Pandora is playing all the right things!! Today's gonna be a good day
On a random tangent
Virtue would not go far did not vanity escort her
Well I am learning from you :)
This weather is nap inducing!
Good game grizz now lets beat the thunder in a 7 game series!!!!!
lmfao bro that was some of the funniest shit ive ever herd in my life
I HATE IT
I guess i have to wear pants now
Five poems by Frederick Seidel in latest
What reforms, Bill? Simple majority to pass tax increases, perhaps? After all, we are SO undertaxed in this state.
Pretty good stuff so far...but not OUR stuff.
:O NO WAY.im jellin!
nice ! Must be all thats great sausage some of you guys are having! Lol. Congratulations!
Lol does want to slap me now
Cool. The book was quite interesting so glad to hear it translates to the screen.
Wah. wishing I was at
-so Obama thinks LeBron should go to Bulls. How much is David Stern gonna fine him for those comments?
Thank you! (And last question is conversational / in earnest; not argumentative... 140 chars etc etc).
you know, the brewers could be leading 25-1 and i would still not be surprised to watch them blow it. oh padres, another leadoff hit. cool.
tomorrow after the banquet!
Last official weekend living in #Boston. I made it nearly 2 years. *sigh
5 Species of Live Caterpillars munching on host plants, Hall B 1427
cooking is quite therapeutic
Um hi. Who is this?
Epic is gonna rock today! See ya at the Warren - 9:40am!
thank you! Very excited about it :)
The moment you're laughing so hard and you try to stop, but you look at the person and laugh again.
#thatawkwardmoment when cj church comes into advance auto parts
What are the only things on Earth crazy enough to try what you're describing? ... That's right, monkeys. Checkmate.
Thanks for the memories and for keeping yourself pure Black & Gold. #SteelerNation smiles today!
Hey <U+0418> - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Crush it!
Its the last day for seniors! );
Check out our new menu changes: Fettuccine Clam Sauce, Chicken Piccata, Gnocchi Pear Gorgonzola Walnuts! All delicious.
watching your video right now! And I love it. Oh and I like your shirt (:
#IUbasketball simply amazing
Great Sentiment Symposium yesterday in New York, thank you !
Claw it up.
Off to take Owen to his 1 month checkup. I can't believe he's already a month old.
DID YOU KNOW? Social Media has overtaken pornography as the #1 activity on the Web! Our online atmosphere is more dependent on Social Media.
In the mood for a pink day!
Waiting for the first arrivals at our New Member Orientation...looking forward to heading over to in an hour!
Today I wish we had a smaller deck. Tomorrow I'll wish we only had one.
Rainy days are the best opportunities for the spiritual to invade the mundane.
the reason why I tweet is to tweet you, favoritte and retweet all of your's . return a favor..please..( this is my wall for you
I love you<3
#cindy stop making excuses. This interview is sick! Casey is a baby killer!!!
We would move Woodson to safety. Gives him a longer football life. He is the leader of our D. is a beast... Start him
mad donna's for upscale; Arnold's for old school. Or Bolton's for quick east side old school.
Must admit, I've got #SXSW envy today. But all the complaints about rain and long lines are making me feel just a tiny bit better.
Thanks much!
Always looking for staff nationwide! Go to www.gt-events.com and click "Talent Sign-Up" on the bottom of the page.
Eating at the new straw hat pizza at watt/whitney
Looking forward to teaching MMA tonight combat company! 1830-2030 who's coming along?
Merry Christmas everyone be blessed and enjoy the best holiday of all times. Christmas is my favorite because of what was given into me.
Oh, this guy is too good RT tweet people the way you wanna be tweeted
I think Facebook is starting some new ad targeting parameters based on keywords you type. Just wrote 'wristband' & saw 3 ads for it immed.
Look back in love/A new day rises above
Thought I might escape the rain this morning...but this next report is going to be WET! It's pouring downtown.
everything is great!!! How about you?
oww thanks.. I'm going to go to working at my home ...
DAMMIT. planning on doing nothing tonight, then someone invites me to a WIZARD RIFLE show
waiting for you to take the stage! Will Castro make an appearance?
Got a couple new toys in the studio this week that are really feeling like game-changers..
Not sure the GOP knowingly targets the black middle class. No need.
FOLLOW HIM
Nascar Schedule
has 3 followers despite not having tweeted. it is a testament to his awesome power.
Lately, all I've been wanting to do is practice.
Tenney: revenue != jobs. Revenue #s in one industry are just as easily $s shifted from one industry to another.
Sometimes, I look to my left and am both astounded and ridiculously grateful that remains the Yeezy to my HOVA
Loving all these commercials for facebook.
blink blink. wow.
Thanks for the RT & ! You rock.
Today marks my one year anniversary of QUITTING SMOKING!I am so happy that I stuck with it! Used my higher mind!It can be accessed! I did it
I never have before but I can't help it this time :)
good morning everyone! what are y'all up to this beautiful saturday??
Monday San Martin Center and Carnegie Institutions on Hopkins Campus... See you all 11-2
This Bucks team is atrocious. Gonna be a long year.
Signal the Escape 1986? Do you even listen to Signal The Escape?
Does anyone watch television in real time anymore? I DVR pretty much everything at this point.
Glad you're tuned in to the twitter stream!
Awww thanks so much miss!
If I didn't already have an idea for my #nanowrimo novel. I would steal one from the adoption thread in the forum. So much creativity.
As much as I love Gossip Girl, it annoys me b/c REAL friendships aren't like that. If you & your friends are like that, ya'll got ISSUES.
watever I don't have your number! Stop trying to be funny cuz it's not working right now
Facing yourself means separating the past from the present moment and seeing with clear eyes what is occurring.
Back in the gym full effect
Plan BPUATJHTCALHEA. knows what I am talking about!
Very glad to hear it! I am glad it worked out for you!
Why shouldn't the contractors pay them themselves?
Big Sunday coming up. Night Owls holding a few aces up their wings.
Unless it's an episode post-season four.
I stand corrected. It's actually spelled in-n-out. My apologies
The best feeling in the world is when the worst feeling in the world is taken away by you.
aww it's chewy birthday :)
CBTS HP LeftHand iSCSI SANs seminar -- Learn the latest technology solutions from CBTS and leading industry experts. Brewers at Reds...
it's called the problem is you and the comedy central joint.
If I ever get rich I'm movin to paris
o um hi how old are you
Back to watching Scott Pilgrim
I will need tickets for May 2 - May 6th when I go to Chicago! Should I look for you or is this a one time thing?
is this an actual thing, or are you also watching "recount"?
if I jump in with you the little one is coming too
that's a lovely mothers day gift.
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be misquoted then used against you.'
lmao made the biggest deal over nothing.
Simpson's in HD(CARTOON) actually has flat screen tv and falls off the wall.LOL. HOMER IS A FUNNY AS HELL......
yeah - that is probably the start of a debate, not the last word.
i'm too nice to ignore people on facebook chat.
why u not text me anymore?!?
This is BULLSHIT!! Trying to watch #LOST and ABC has vote 2010 coverage scrolling on the bottom of the screen. How Annoying!
Show your support for , Hail to the !
Noon to two today Meijer in Livonia on Middlebelt for their holiday food tasting event, join me for prizes, specials and a jolly good time!
Good Morning! I just went live on
Bored in the Guidance Office. Long day. Musical practice then band rehearsal...*sigh..* Text me!!!
Don't miss out on Waterfi's Big Birthday Sale tomorrow only! Want to know a sale secret? We're starting the sale early today at 5pm PST!
Hey! It takes work to sift through those magazines!
So it would seem that some time in the last few days, my followers tipped over 300. Hi, new followers!
no problem
I was interested in the meisner acting program at the studio but I didn't want to immediately jump into the two year program....
And one of them goes to my birth parents.
oh so good! Better than housewives
Here comes the sun!
why wasny YOU in class!! i missed you (tears)
Lmao #No Pressure
is at ready to head to Montana for the week.
RT : 90-mins to #SoMoClo(TM) Revolution & VIP Reception at the British Consulate (Boston). Social+Mobile+Cloud = 1 trend, not 3
My fucking computer has a viras! I fucking hate this! And now I forgot how to spell viras! God damnit I am so high.. too high!
Holy crap!! My heart rate is still elevated! 8-0!!!!!
Hahah hey you never know when you might get hungry!
Just make sure you keep your distance.. Hahaha kidding. Bad joke..
Rob, you are very welcome. It was a great article, thanks for allowing us to share it with our twitter fans!
sorry im 15 minutes late. woke up right before start time. checked twitter, saw dan is havin a baby, freaked out
It's Wednesday - right? Tomorrow is Thursday
Watching love happens with Ciara in Spanish.
lmao yeah right I so agree that you and sungmin are meant to be:) I support MinDra:) Sung(min)+Alexan(dra)=lots of baby making<3
I'm eating healthy from now in!
I'm going.
Once again #Apple skipped over OS X ThunderCat. They'd be the perfect spokescats to promote Apple's move toward #Thunderbolt devices.
épale, pues. heard that Mr. $112.5 Million, yep, pitcher Matt Cain visits the Mission days ago.
thanks for the update
harmony line broad strokes -- D Pentatonic scale... tasty tasty
YES #bb13 Production WE all know it was Evil Dick who left the house that might change everything, but did he REALLY leave unexpectedly????
After reading her in HS, I thought: "she thinks she is the self-proclaimed great prophetess of the anti-communist revolution"
haha I never credit people ;)
Beginning a movie marathon. Any takers to come join me and my cat welcome. We have HD and booze.
Agreed! RT Hats off, #KYF2 was a great event!
Aw man
seeking exceptional B2B sales manager in MIA/FTL. For immediate consideration, email resume to
I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts...
So happy to hear they wear our pouches!
He knocking on the door. Don't let the devil in.
Can someone reach out to Ryan Leaf and ask him if he needs help please? Tired of all the negative stories on the dude. Arrested again?
mon could also be known as "The Day of Mtgs Where I Crush People's Dreams."
If you use the electric vibrator near water, you will come and go at the same time. ~Louise Sammons
umm but it was worth it tho :)
You can't scratch every time you itch!!!
u right OKC in 4 RT : Man y'all silly as fuck if you think its going 5 games...
haha exactly my point (;
New Week, New Vision, New Responsibilities.
It's still Friday night here in Phoenix Olivia but I'll take an early present that's as sexy as you anytime I can get it! :)
putting out an all-call for tornado team 4/19-4/22. SMU org helping w food/beds- waiting on 4 assignments.
It is Rubie Tuesday! That means two piercings for the price of one!! (Including basic jewelry) Ruben and Steve are doing tandem piercings!
A bit of a rollercoaster day. Thinking Taiwanese food and wine at home tonight...
absolutely! Lots of protein from the chicken and beans with a dose of potassium from the plantains!
She put a new spin on taking one 4 the team! Feeling very #guiltly :-( lmao
a-my (a-mee) n. 1. tenacious, and talented. 2. hot
Stages of collaborations: seeding, growing and sustaining
^ Then the disciples came to Jesus in private and asked, “Why couldn’t we drive it out?” He replied, “Because you have so little faith....
Nice timing for a solid White Collar baseball episode.
. haha don't sell yourself short! I'm thanking all the teachers I see today.
I actually got a #Voxer yesterday sayin "are you alive ?!'
- American Century Investments. :)
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
Right on! The 10 miler! :) RT : On to the next one!
Damn...donna summer died.
Finally got out the house for a min kickn it with
Hi! Thanks for the follow!
there are other ways to get beer. Hahaha. :p
Yeah, yeah. :) "I am not a Gadget" and I don't plan to have my face stuck in one for the whole three days of
I'm soaked, cold-ish, sadly sober & the badge line crosses 3 zip codes. But I'm at #SXSW so let's do this, Fuckers!!
You're probably right. If a shopkeeper called me an idiot, I'd probably just plot revenge.
I have a DM to send you so follow me damnit! ;-)
I can die happy now thanks guys love yous <3
RT : I am only one, but I am one. I cannot do everything but I can do something. I will not refuse to do what I can.
We play very often during
Remember if you smoke after sex youre doing it too fast.
It rocks big in many ways, and sucks big in many ways. As long as the balance stays on the rocks side, I guess I'll be here.
-- Always a pleasure.
HARD WORK PAYS OFF SO I'M KEEP GRINDING LIKE ALWAYS
It was SO fun, can't believe the amount of icing the child consumed, though. =)
“: I "go after" any fan that goes after the team. Players brothers are no exception.” RT how about #50 please!
NOSOA - Why Sudbury fear its center?
Street justice, Vigilante Justice #george zimmerman
Study day tomorrow -__-
exactly. So screw all that haha
Is there slash fiction of Mr. Incredible and Mirage? I think that needs to be a thing.
Oh, bummer! We're going to keep doing online freebies so be sure to keep following!
I hope you all had a safe holiday weekend thanks for your comments and following me, i look forward to a great week with you all
all of the above?
#WhatHurtsTheMost is to see you upset / mad at me... wtf did i do????????
We're going to announce the winner of the tix for the 4/20 #Sepultura show at today! RT for your entry to the drawing!
100% agree with you!! and i hate the girls that think it is harry styles and the boys!
I hate loosing my car in mall parking lots. They need more creative names for the levels so ppl would never forget
Chelsea (and English football) can go to hell..
GreenNote helps you find money for the little things that help you finish #college like books, lab fees, rent and FOOD!! www.greennote.com
About that time to get to sleep. 7:45am class can kick rocks
Oh! Just noticed that the "People you may know" page on #LinkedIn got a little prettier since last time I visited. Nice!
Great to hear! Enjoy the drive! RT is awesome. Customer svc just booked my car on the fly. And here it is!
Oh thats okay. Sorry I changed my user I was getting bullied about it.
im noticing lmao but please spear me
I want to clear my mindd
Our fried Christian raptor is playing at the Ruby room in Hillcrest (SD) tonight-- go check him out!!
And the fact that he just jumped way ahead of all the Republican primary candidates in the polls.
"YOU ROCK!!!" Why thank you guitar hero. Thank you. This. I know ^_^
Crew members back on the bus to go back to pit lane... I can almost taste the yellow flag! Oh, it's cooking dinner (thank you!!!!!)
thought I was kidding about the jokes huh : what do elephants call their friends on ? The elephone silly
It just occurred to me that I haven't eaten anything yet today. I guess I'll have to fix that.
What yummies are in that cup?
“: Friends don't let friends miss new episodes of #newgirl ” we're totes watching when I get home tmrw!
*Looming over your both* Yes, Ms. Stroop, I am.
So Like I Was At The Mall., With Patrick Nd Ashleigh., Lots Of Fun(: <3
I'll run it by Caitlin and Christian! :]
WooHoo! So glad to hear it!
miss ya too!!
make me!
I haven't tweeted much with you both, but you are really good follows.
lmao "who names their kid after an appliance? Stove!?" too funny!
pissing like a racehorse is soo normal for me yo.
liking that Avi!
Is it sad that I just stored her # in my phone as Bud Light?
I wish! Thanks for sending me AAM in little pieces. Let's chat for realz when you get back
oh. VERY good
enjoy your weekend home my love.
Fresh out the shower.. Feelin good after puttin in hard work
how does anyone read that? Hope u make it out safe! Twitter wouldn't be the same!
LOL! RT : Was already 28 to nothing at this point last night in saints game
Final Secret stall update-Sonic #Baltimore -Pull into lucky stall & u get 50% off ur entire order. Hints given: it's either stall 17 or 22
Good to see ESPN loads on the business school computers, but Yahoo! Finance wont.
That's the way you take care of business! #believememphis La Dispute La Dispute La Dispute La Dispute La Dispute La Dispute Tuesday.
Finally started to do my homework and Diego comes home -___- But I still love him :)
I am just tierd of this kony thing I wish people would leave people beliefs alone and I know u should believe Wat u do but
...even your probiotics will pack up & call it a day.
Best dinner buds for best Body Issue party? & As chill & smart as they are ripped!
I curl into folds of blanket~ tunneling through sudden twists and turns~ in determined pursuit of your toes
Thanks again, everyone. Have a great afternoon/evening/night!
thanks for the follow. let us know when you launch!
Yeah she playing hard to get .. Lol
Is it possible to have an intellectual crush? I'm pretty sure I have one. I won't say on who because I yelled at him at OAH
thank you very much ! you rock :-)
ohh snap haha but he cant do what i can ;)
Howdy "Padner!" How's your week?!
I wanna make everyday the best day of your life....
Amazing brands and the styles you love right in your location. Come and check out City Gear on Cane Run, let us make you fly...
I see a new mayhem commercial in the making.
is tweeting NY newspaper stories from 100 years ago on the same day. Brilliant idea, and he does it with a cryptic, poetic urgency
can u send email? would like to submit obituary of scientist renowned in Egypt and from Egypt. Thx! maureen
Just for you, deary. You're welcome.
Enjoy 50% Off at clubs with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
I am, thanks! Me too (glad i came)!
I like Maroon 5....LADIES.
but that's my dude!
Spread the word like our page,follow us,and talk to us! :]
It's a nice feeling to get Christmas cards from guests who are now housed.
ur so stupid but its kool cause ur awesome with it
come down!!! All my friends dj there!!
should've showed them Lester elem. the P.R.I.D.E
Go slowly, breathe and smile.
is proudly wearing purple today, and you should be too :)
It's our first big snowfall in the Mil!!! Yay!!!
i would power cycle the router
and to let your imaginary stalkers know where you are every moment
follow me sigeme
I guess it good for the ratings but damn this girl chrissy always wanna fight
I love when it rains!
What is beautiful seems so only in relation to a specific
no issues on my end Sophie, but I am using the mobile app.
GREAT IS UR MERCY TOWARDS ME
If anyone deserves a follow from Louis, it's you. xx
favorite song by them? :)
Thanks for the RT!
#AskScandal Love the on camera chemistry and the reliable topics! Great writers!
A special Thank you to the Foundation for their help finding us assistance with baby bedding for our "Red Shield" shelter.
So, Mecca is probably the better plan! (Plus, MECCA! Haven't been in ages!)
Rocking out to "Tim Tebow's Fire" while getting these status reports out the door.
Metrics for art museums: what is meaningful to measure? Not everything will be flattering, but will help guide future strategies.
Morning Tweeps! Is it Monday already?!
I know! It's been maybe nine months since I first discovered it and I'm still obsessed.
Twugs back at you all!
#ThingsIveLearned Today I learned that radio may be the last thing standing when all media gets corrupted. I heart Radio.
May 8 primary ballot Lt. Gov Isaac Weix is a Republican running as a fake Democrat.
Mr. teagues class is straight hilarious today
thats why my imagination is critical-transcending ignorance, creating an outlet
Time 2 do what I do best!
Thanks! Very nice facebook page!
I really think I should start following more people.
Any word on if we should save your ticket :)
2 phones to pay in full + two $200.00 early cancellation fees. We stayed with for their "excellent" customer service. regretting...
“: hahaha traveling!!”. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2> open them please
That sounds like a compliment to me.
All business success comes from the the person you're trying to help, sell something, or serve. It starts with what that person wants.
no more mike? Fox dropped mike for him? I think im gonna start watching 9news now.
follow back por favor :)
Make Sure to see the 3D showing, its way awesomer
That's all we see from these days is promo tweets!
follow back senn
saw Foliobook and Portfolio, but wondering if they are worth the cost.
BTW--we finished the shed! but it's too heavy to move by myself (and Marie has no strength)...wanna come over :))
sure ask me anything
Thanks for following us! Do you do app reviews and giveaways?
That is so cool!!!
of fat with no exercise! I would have lost more, but I wasn’t sleeping well and I had a couple of weekends where I drank
1st draft of BIW newsletter finished. Will be ready to send out n/week to 90,000 active users. Want a copy? Send email to
Blockhead's!
- Rightly so, my good man.
RT : Thanks to all the awesome artists, producers & engineers that helped #tranZitions project. On iTunes this Tues
Hope all goes great tonight!
Madison No Fear Denistry hosts their Second Annual Halloween Candy Buy-Back Program on Wed, Nov 2nd from 4pm - 6pm. Hope to see you here!
Driving and crying.... "Is It Still Good To Ya?" by Ashford & Simpson brings me to tears every time. :--)
If I Die Tomorrow is trending in honor of you.
How much snack could a snack attack attack if a snack attack could attack snack?
mmkkaayyy i shall bring book 2
:) I enjoyed it as well. Enjoy your spring break my friend.
you need to step your game up!
Do you have a twitter sweepstakes application?
omg BRITNI HAS A TUMBLR I like peed everywhere lol.
Dad: "Trent Reznor's in what band?" Me (eating): "Urmgh" Mom: "Nine Inch Nails"
Wait, so did new Sherlock start last night? Or this weekend coming up?
You can't live a perfect day with doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you. John Wooden
thanks Megan!! I feel like I haven't seen you in ages, how are you?? hope you're enjoying spring break:)
Yep, forgot about Mickey and Deaaron Williams in 2006 season
wating for to arrival minute after minute
great back to back rounds! Stay focused and play your game for the final two and you got this!
they just want the dramatics tho that's all
Cleaned my whole house and did my laundry
You're welcome. Hope you have a good Monday. Keep us posted!
It seems that our site is down at the moment; not sure what's going on yet, so please be patient. Three new posts coming to you ASAP!
Where do they *not* sell pickles in filling stations? : )
well it's a family dog lol
Currently hiring for Weber Shandwick Tech Practice, Looking for all levels.
dang so many activities in bainbridge!! Lol
Do they still have the guys going up and down the train every 2 minutes offering kulab jamon and chicken lollipop?
doing anything this weekend
...some helmet guy #8 celebration coming your way
Today marks the start of Architecture Week! It's a beautiful day to be out and about enjoying the natural AND built environment!
No, my status is not about you anymore, i have other things in my life.
I'll never get over you walking away..
Having an AWESOME Monday! How 'bout U? BIG THANKS to new followers Whoohoo!
that there is even that conversation implies a social value...
Time to start another week. Lets get it in
Today is my Friday!! Happy New Year!! :)
Go ! Im so jealous I wont be there today bt Ill be listening hopefully U guys can hear me cheering! Another great season kicks off!
Top 10 Features Users Want From Google+ Brand Pages
The game will be at SportingKC training complex at Swope park. 4/28 and I believe it will be a 7pm kick.
News break: : #MISSING 9yo Sydney Peet from Fremont County. Approximately 20 miles west of Canyon City, Colorado. Missing since 8a
What's $300 and a 3 game guarantee? Our International World Youth Basketball Summit! Find out more here:...
#Title and meta tags - common problem even with advanced designers is forgetting to create separate tags on each page, a must with Google.
Don't miss our Warehouse Sale @ our NW22nd Garden Room - 10-7pm. Last day for up to 50% off Home Décor, Ceramics, Candles, Holiday & Linens!
In Fridays Getting Sauced!!!!
There's no way the chorizo doesn't win the sausage race on Cerveceros day. Right?
+!_-!~ AVOID THE LINE... CUM EARLY....$2 DRINKS.....SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Oh jeez. RT : I can't wait to see my timeline when Walker is asked to bunt over Tabata
watched them all. I even liked 3.
Let's make the most of the last day of #ILTA11. If we dont see you at vendor bingo, we'll see you at Peer Awards tonight.
is he the only one playing?
Does anyone have an iPhone charger?
The Frail on Live 105 ya'll
Dr. Oz is about to kick off care about your care! www.careaboutyourcare.org to watch it live!
It's not an office building, it's
that's incredible!! Hahaha!
thank you! Wish u nothing but the best :-)
Got 8 minutes until I shut everything down and watch & after that it's
hey how you doing?
We saw a clever group of iPod nano #costumes this past weekend - group of 4 - on back it read "iWander", "iStumble"...
#Georgia Approves 17 General Education Courses for Transfer to Support Complete #College Goals
fantastic preso! I went to #sweetlife & your blog seems very cool. Dare i say cooler than salad?
"The fear of the unknown is the greatest fear of all, but.. We just went for it."
He prob sees all of our tweets and he is prob second guessing.Dont let him do tht,if u do then he cant do what he loves. Dont do that 2 him.
Hello October! Ready for #Halloween? Send us the URL to your favorite spots to costume shop! (don't forget to write a review)
WHATS UP WORLD ITS...monday another day another challenge keep making vids
Its way to pricey to be our favorite restaurant! Regardless, it was awesome. Even if the wife did REFUSE to #eat #kangaroo!
Me and you both!
yes I do!
for what?
50 cent Beers/Shots/Wings
I admire people who barely have anything, yet share it nevertheless <3
Saw a whale just now while sitting on the beach!
Agreed. Teaching them how to practice - how to break it down, how to find phrases/patterns - so important
best quote bro!
#YEEEEEEEEEEEEEE You excited?
I Cried When Michael Jackson Died.
doing alright
where can we send in some info about us?
lol!!' that's great!
Marks on paper are free ~free speech ~press ~pictures all go together I suppose. ~Georgia O'Keeffe
time to head to the ranch
Baby you light up my world like nobody else
Disinterest or amazing tailgating today?- disinterest, but it'll fill up, traffic is always horrible going into that stadium
Sad to hear about Donna Summer's passing
WITH Q NICE GUAP GETTAS IS HOW I APPEAR U WOULD SWEAR I FAILED 100 TIMES HOW IM PASSED MY PEERS NIGGGAAAAAAA!!!
Well, I'm doing this for the first time ever in my Capstone course. Maybe it'll be top notch by then, thanks!
Hell. Yes.
RT : That awkward moment when you get home and look at yourself in the mirror thinking…. did I really look like this all day?
On another note, hope everybody having a good day
halloween with the family was possibly one of the best weekends of this year so far :)
I collect baby clothes
it's been a busy day here indeed :)
you started to sound like my girlfriend... =]
None of u know this but it should be common knowledge that and I thought we killed Switch once
we're ready when you are.
me too!!! oh my gosh right when you find out where to buy them...let me know!!! lol i'm super HYPED! hfoewnfdiehwa;ofjewkfh
Seems like the steelers have a cocky "we been here before" attitude
I can TOTALLY relate. Try earplugs ;)
Thank you for tweeting us!
bc I part of me wishes I could move back.
She certainly is! RT : Just wrapped the 1st interview of the day w/ , a true champion of Health, Beauty, & Philanthropy!
I'm a one-man band wrecking crew when necessary. But, preferably, that's all Adam G...
I'm almost done Christmas shopping already. This is the earliest this has ever happened.
I've been doing that.. a bunch of my friends got their tix I went a day too late! =( gotta keep trying, thanks!
Happy Monday ! I hope you are feeling better!!
I'm keeping it clean tonight tweeps lol
Getting ready for the Letters About Literature Awards at the this morning! Stop by CityLit Festival if you're around today!
Lead Evaluator training complete...its kind of like teaching fact and opinion to adults :)
WIP October News magazine, www.womensindependentpress.com
*Old and decrepit* looks wrong
i wanna have beers and pronounce everyone's name right with
Trying to tweet Funny folks, but I cant bring up their names?
is just a large clever baby with stage presence.
How much has the student population grown over that 15 yr period?
Isles Roloson is stopping everything the Avs are throwing at him!!!
So now I'm not allowed to be sick?
ops, just saw this - long story short: biz in debt, moved on, not interested in doing animation anymore.
What a headache. Casart Coverings is for people just like you. No hassle. No mess. No hours of hard work. Just remove & reuse : )
We'll be there during Check us out at Booth 820! See you!
Thanks!! Very pumped about it.
I love waking up to taming the lion in the mornings <3
I feel like sick.... People are so mean
im following you :)
A great site for social media use! Good job, Jenna.
making pancakes !
I hate working doubles, so freakin tired, just started getting busy again
Thanks for the signal boost!
WE HAVE THOSE JORDAN'S THAT COME OUT THIS WEEKEND CALL US IF YOU NEED A PAIR RESERVED (502)448-9193
Life is becoming nothing.sometimes it may feel like No point of living
That happens. No biggie.
What happened???
43 looks good on us! It's Swing Phi Swing's Founders' Day! We are Black. We are proud. We serve along side our community. We are free to be!
An #FF to those who will make May awesome (1/2)
TREND TREND TREND #1DTONEBRASKA :)))
This is a game we like to play! Do you? RT : If you were #strandedwithabook, which one would it be?
Learn safe work practices on construction sites with our online safety training courses!
Shout out to johnny bones reppin endicot!
A little early bday shopping :)
Made it to New Orleans alive. Step two now is make it out alive
New TV dinner tomorrow, why dont u stop by 4 a try! Chicken n Dumplins w. Spinach, Sugar Snaps, Fired Okra & a fresh baked cookie 4.681.4434
China's Hot New Tech Stock Offering: The People's Daily - It is unclear whether a reliance on government news, exclu...
Great chatting ! I will keep championing your anointment as a future superhero, man. Clint
I'm officially no longer an Albert Puhols fan…
FYI your recaps are the best. My parents make me fwd a link to them every Mon. This Peggy "HJ" Olsen update was awkward
HAHAH. Last tweet was an accident.
Sign no. 132 that I'm a fish out of water at #E11: what is PeopleSoft?
I think it went well! Hopefully scheduling in-person interviews for when I get back....
Happy Birthday Frank! Enjoy!
wow your so retarded !(x
done i just followed back #CeNation friend
Top notch hoes get the most not the lesser.
&Delta; Prove your Innocence
Watching South Beach Tow ( :
Congrats on a great gathering! Looking forward to being back in your part of the world again soon.
Oh my fucking god y the fuck is every fucken one is saying we miss ezira wtf ???????????!!!!!!!!
I have safes at a huge discount. Scratch & dented look like they fell out of an airplane. : )
who hacked this fucker this is my original and i cant log in this account
good look ;)
thanks Brandi! Appreciate it!
Bulls are out!!!!
I can't put my face on the pillow unless its on the cold side
Watching the #TimbersVsRevolution #MLS game tonight? I'm in the 5th row back in the #TimbersArmy (the only guy not wearing green...) ~AZ
I could really use a nap right now.
Doing research for a program designed to help traders improve their trading results. A couple more months and it will be ready for testing.
Ah! What an amazing season starter for #modernfamily! I had some serious laughs going on! It's such a fantastic show! #Glee also great!
Oh no. Deeds reporting that the new company taking over the #Bucket has pulled out already.
That sht gon hav my breath stanking guess I gotta buy sum gum
#Confession I Hate when people call me pretty because I know that I'm not.. I would rather them tell the truth...
On the clouds with my own imagination!
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!127
hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah, fuckin right, fuckin right...<U+2665>
Lightning storm.
Stickam Show tonight! BE THERE OR BE SQUARE! Also releasing some awesome things so come watch us do stupid shit and sing songs for you <3
Wells Fargo took bailout money, paid millions in bonuses yet paid no taxes. That's why today we start to take them on!
You, too, Sharisse. I wish we'd had more time!
Cookies in oven, roast in crock pot and bread is rising... We r eaten well today!
Going to party it up at the beach with #Yolo Make it count!!(:
LOL! RT If Katherine Heigl ever has a celebrity perfume it should be called "Ugh".
I just realized we're 6 years apart.. my dreams are ruined.
Cabiguan Maduro. Excellent mid morning cigar with coffee.
Jewbee is a name only said once by yourself and thounds in a crowd
I hope and still throw water at the fans.
RT : Q3) Training is not the solution you seek
Don't have time to find a notary?? Then call us and we'll come to you! We offer Mobile Notary Service 24 hrs a day. Call us at 877-527-5737
You are really suffering aren't u Nette? Traveling to Hawaii n all lol. In serious tho, after u rest up we should catch up.
C: I dreamt I watched a Friends reunion & Chandler kept making juice but could never find a cup. J: Could there BE any less cups?
#wakeandbake time to lay down some trackolas with some amazazing artists. the music... i can feel it in my balls.
Same! I hope so too. He's got a lot of talent so I'm sure he'll get the role! :)
RT : ok, friends . . . for every "like" this natural pet supply company gets for the next week, they'll donate a pound......
We keep moving up guys just keep demanding us for the Z100 hometown hero's contest!
Become a member today for free and receive amazing deals and savings. Check it out. www.dealohhh.com
“: Everytime Wade scores my mom's like "ese es mi negro lindo" <U+E412><U+E412>”I promise you that's every mom in Hialeah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
As someone who was born in 1960, I remember well what kind of food we had in the 1970's
y ppl always ask me who do i live with... bitch i live with god so get ur ratchet self on some where...
Mariners score twice in the 11th. A's have some work to do in the bottom half.
I just won a #Skylanders figure! J3 is gonna be stoked!
I just booked a bad ass suite for Ultra 2013!!!
Thanks for acknowledging gays' fundamental American right to make themselves just as miserable as the rest of us.
PDX - Gutter cleaning for a disabled gentlenman in Portland. We have ladders, just need hands! We hope to have this done before Xmas!
THIS IS IMPORTANT: i'm making homemade chicken meatballs with spinach and tomato pesto sauce for dinner.
i followed you
i so wnna be sleep now....but this money wnt make itself...#risengrind Happy hump day!!
A couple of our assistant coaches track their annual mileage as a way to motivate themselves. Let us know how it works for you.
Society is funny. They ask you to be yourself and yet they judge you.
That baristas at my Stbx know my drink makes me feel excessively special; "White Hazelnut mocha Katherine?" "OMG Yes!" :) What's your drink?
Meeting interesting new people here at the #IBSconference in NYC!
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone! We'll reopen at 10am on Friday, with double Yamaha rebates, financing offers, and more. See you then!
do you hate me? :'( Are we still GAB's? D':
Fair enough..and I'm hoping that means there will be a followup.
If I'm louder, would you see me?
Shooting a commercial today with
that's messed up dude. Although I'm 100% steak myself.
The Palestinian people will have peace as soon as they renounce terrorism. Israelis have always been ready and still are!
WE PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE ALL OUR LIVE TO THE MAGIC COLOR RED BLUE & WHITE BUT WE ALL MUST BE GIVEN THE LIBERTY THAT WE DEFEND FOR WITH JUSTICE
Thanks for following Ol' Floppy Arms! I think that means I can announce: "Scott Lee Cohen endorses Ol' Floppy for mayor!!!!"
I hope u get that tat covered.
I heard a rumor that is going to be at Smith rock this weekend. Anyone know if there's truth to this?
"Don't exaggerate yesterday or underestimate tomorrow" - Peyton Manning
I feel your pain and your subsequent elation.
RT Positivity starts with BEING & leads to performance. Who are you BEING today?
Happy Mother's Day!! Without Mommy's; we wouldn't be potty trained
what do you think about 50 Shades of Grey? Is this heteropatriarchy or kinky enough to be in our queer club?
I'd love to sit with Mike Goldberg & Joe Rogan one night. How cool would that be!?
found a good one?
welcome to the fray. sorry we lost ron but looking forward to seeing results of his work at the #chronicle. Will miss you at Penn
I'm sorrrryyy, it'll be over in 2 weeks
Eat a bug! “: So, what euphemism for "good luck" do you use to a friend who's going in for surgery...because he broke a leg?”
Ready to start hunting for the eggs? Some are right in front of your face. Let's start with the easy to find eggs!
Thanks for the RT ! Many blessings to you!
I don't think OJ made a shot this whole game
Just picked my phone up from an 18 yr old 30 miles away after losing everything last night style
Poli Sci and me are not friends right now
Liam never said or would ever say that, Liam is the sweetest person ever.
omg u need help...u have to tweet back to who ur responding to! Lmao
Now every time a commercial 4 a ps3 game come on i dnt gota change the channel
the Mom attitude pervasive among geeks. Shows narrow vision, lack of understanding of how little they know of life.
Thank you Tracy! You rock ... just like Kobe! :)
When in doubt, just take the next small step.
1:26am, the earliest I've went to sleep in about two months.
my back's against the wall....
Happy New Year guys! Apparently we are missing one disposable camera from FMLY Fest. Email if you know where it is!
Hang on and hang in---although there are reasons we only had one. :)
Happy Birthday shout out to my stunning sis Go shorty, it's your birthday!!! We gon' party like it's your birthday!
What a start to the #MLB postseason! Who do you think will win?
3 hours sleep, 2nd night up. This is beyond a joke now. Note to self, #get some sleeping tablets
Well it was good workin with ya!
Gay men were straight sex addicts in a previous life. So, we're tired of pussy and trying something new. Turns out, it's the best.
What is wrong with me?! Why can't I stop staring at this girl?! Ugh, she is SO CUTE!
thanks for the article - new info for me. we should talk f2f sometime.
We have our cover narrowed down to 2 songs. Both are amazing songs by great bands. We might end up doing both but only 1 will make the EP.
my next door neighbor is my professor for my summer class lawlz i guess i can always find him if i ever need help?
what is it, I don't retweet spam or garbage.
nah they just glued it again, man i was fuckin leaking blood
Sorry dear! My Twitter use in Dec was limited. I don't have any tech support contacts at FB. I'm not even sure they have one!
what are you referring to? I am far from being a fascist, which is our current state--corps control congress
Getting in trouble for something that you didnt even do< real cool mom
No link?! Thanks for mentioning your page!
This is a Calling, Emerson Grey, Avindale, Takes South By Storm, & Tides of Ruin; LIVE Friday Oct. 15 @ 6:00. Bethel Church 6301 Alabama, $5
and I found a house we want. Now if only I could find a more stable and better paying job!
You red the Jobs book. I did too. Really interesting story to say the least.
Trivia at Nomad World Pub... My Smarts rep is on the line!!
Hope you all finished your schoolwork yesterday! Perfect beach day in Miami! Have a great Sunday.
Oh! New Bubble Babble!Maybe its Maybelline?
Whats goin on da deal...long time no hear from....hope all is well..still waiting on dat email...lol... #iGotBEATS!!!
The sun makes my eyes smiles –highlights all that is virtuous in this life and cast shadows on all that is dreary.
If you are coming to #sxsw12 you want to get cardcase. We will have an awesome promo. Details soon. Meanwhile download the app!
send me some!
What's that? A beer bottle that opens itself?
I LOVE YOUU!
Staying with Victoria tonight. No tellin what we about to get into! (;
after 4 long, hard fought hours..i believe ive produced a damn good paper!
Bumped into my old boo Miss Gean not too long ago <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Coming down for the this weekend? Stop by the store before heading home! 124 east long street.
no worries on the delay I'm never on twitter just hung out w ben and steph. I'll be ready for a rowdie nye next year tho!
got three fucking Facebook pages Smh
Reading is like eating. Whenever I finish a great story, I tend to sigh and then have an urge to go for a walk.
Welcome to Oxford Property Group , Assaf Amethys! May you prosper!
good night <U+E32A> <U+E13C>
Directv just got deal done today lasting till 2014 on the NFL coverage.
You mean to tell me that adjusting down the number available to work doesn't actually change the unemployment rate?!
I would also very much enjoy naps with a cuddly guy right now <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
damn my dog has some issues he just dumps hes food everywhere and thinks about it later
Thank you for the comment. Hawaii is one of my favorite places
It's just PMS. Pouty Man Syndrome.
Vegas in a week
wit Sid The Kid j
Hahaha. That's up next?
hell of a tournament
Did you decide if your gonna do ONE LAST EPIC L year at CRT with your bestfriends me and Dave? ;) <333 pweease?;)
Happy Easter to ALL!
"The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby." - Natalie Wood
RT : What a wonderful date! RT : Can't wait for date night w/ my beautiful wife! Going to Light Up Night!
Our training programs are lots of fun and will make the 1/2 a piece of cake!! Have fun Katrina
wonderful! (in gay voice)
Just completed Week 1 - Day 3 (ran 1.75mi with run pace of 13:03 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app
Grocery shopping with your children? Kids can get a free cookie from the bakery counter at all Just ask!
Had an awesome Interactive Marketing Fundamentals class with , guest speaker and author of the The Demand Equation.
“: #Rangers lead 1-0 at 1:32. Oh boy. Richards with the blast. Not a grea goal by Holtby.”
Everything happens for a reason.
143913~Followed back :) oh cute icon! Love it!
No the funny part is when she gave Sherre the hand
Thanks, Patrick.
Also, there is a photo print of yours hanging in my hall : )
Yeah(x Soo Hoowws Life ? ;D
Wearing t-shirts 3 sizes to small for you
Who Tf is this OMG
Good work by Thompson getting Milsap to foul out. Might make up for the goaltend...
Dear random girl in my psyc class, this is the 3rd time I've heard you talk about your 33 year old bf. your 20. That's gross. Now shut up!
Ah cool...I didn't look at their app, I'll check it out. Thanks for the tip.
congrats on passing 3000 followers
no change - exactly what we have now.
When will follow me?? But that day will be the happiest day ever!!! Oh and i will literally jump up and scream. Love You
OMG I JuSt bUrNT mY mOuTh oN My SoUp:( OUCH!!!
Intermission, 20 minutes of nothing but the
Had a great time last night!
call me maybe<333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
damn , i hope so !
Feeling real Famous !
I do!
We are preparing technology budget meeting materials. Start thinking of you needs for FY12/13
I mean this page wasn't sure whickh page u responded on. But this page. Lol
Well it could be worse. Yep I just checked it is worse.
Hi, please send us any story ideas to .Thank you for following the show!
I've only had the ToFurkey sandwich slices. Pretty dang good, nice texture, too.
BREAKING: Dickless dickhead corporate media asshole Mark Halperin called Obama a "dick" on live TV.
Definitely not.
It is difficult to study for finals when: My refrigerator is running.. so I better go catch it.
Jordan just walked out on cut day for the NGO!!! And Kelly's mom just signed Jordan's partner Wendy to be her client.
Shout out to my co-worker here who is only 6 followers away from 2,000 followers on Twitter! #subtlehinttofollowhim :-)
I saw that one of your tiles had a copy of the webmix and I just added it to mine
WTF what cutie what you doing scoeezy
": Even if i spend the whole day with you i miss u the second u leave <U+2665>"
SHOUT OUT TO THE FLORIDA AND DESLONDE
not really a surprise - best option is a buy out at this point, if they don't catch up
gah I love ncis, but what is Gibbs really like?:) xox
just did hummus
you sure its allergies? You sound like me?
happy birthday weekend!!!
|RETWEET| if you want more followers .. #ShoutoutTime ™
I'm sucha baby. Wah, I always cry when someone's dream comes true.
Tony Fuller
#tech2012 looking for work! He's good.
You're radiant in this pic, especially that smile! Gorgeous!!
Party party
#HappyMothersDay 2 All Mothers in the News it been a lot of Sad News on the Love 2Mothers
Come one send me more # I'll give everyone who send me a # and a question will get a Shoutout LEGGO muchlove YEAAHHBUUDDDYYY TweetsLikeWhoa
playin tower defense games... agreed
"Can you tell history through photos?"
Uh, can I teach at West Nottingham Academy?! Those PLPeeps are doing cool things with alt. assessments.
aw la pobreeee
Happy birthday !!! It's on and poppin
Huge, HUGE win for the Timbers tonight!!!
Def not a leave work early person.....
At Frontera with
...REVEAL your RAVENOUS HUNGER for a MEANINGFUL EXISTENCE!!! ;-)
my settle jokes are too settle apparently, i mean obviously if people still don't get them .
This woman said she was going to sell her hair and quit this job so she can get by on unemployment...And her argument is actually reasonable
My boy got the job. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Sailing, Sailing,... if you are a Diversity Platinum Card Holder, take 200.00 off selected cabins on RSVP's Mediterranean Cruise in July!
New in cans today, Corruption Ale and The Citizen Ale. Come get Mellow and support your local beermeisters.
I think is trying to make me join a cult. If you don't hear from me again, its all her fault.
RT will be performing at the #BingLounge tmrw & want to dedicate a song to their #1 fan. Could that be YOU?
lmao Justin you're so conceited
Hey Hey, #ff #followfriday Have a great day everyone!
Therma Base™ Pro-Style Trainer Shirt from Majestic
that, along with "no one recognized the cat", was was struck me, too
When you use cache.manifest must you cache the cache.manifest file? Or would that explode the universe?
Thanks for the RT! Hope to see you soon!
Ambassador meetings popping up all over Colorado. Email for details
White Out will never be the same color as paper.
I mean #marilynmonroe she's quite nice, But why all the pretty icons always all white?
I LOVE YOU <3
Thumbs up to the Grill on Menaul.
She kissed me on my neck, den kissed me on my chess n den she.... Take it to da head n my #Wayne n #ChrisBrown voice dat song go stupid
#quoteYes. Every single thing. For all creatures on earth.
Almost finished packing for South Dakota for the weekend, leaving a
Hot and Hearty Irish Stew, Beer-Battered Fish & Chips, Irish Meat & Potato Pie, Corned Beef & Cabbage, all served
Sounds good
And when I told him how sorry I was that he lost his child, that my heart went out to him...he was surprised.
Social Media & Non Profits discussion tonight.
Hello Angel, at some point, someone at the Alumni Association found you on Twitter and we matched your name with our records.
Professor who helped youths in foster care systems charged with rape and ... - Daily Mail
he always creeps me out when I'm layin out , and just randomly shows up here sometimes...
Getting pumped for the training video on lymes disease and unexploded ordinances
On the plus side, I guess now your eyes don't smell like smoke.
I think they *can* win but if I had to put a percentage change of it I wouldn't go about 20%.
She thought she was scary. Hell no I wasnt afraid of you. Your a joke and If you expect me to stop talking to him you better try harder
thanks for the FF!
I kno I was tired last night but i swear keenan and kel stped in the middle of da episoode ans stated a completely new 1.
Listen good, I don't have nobody.
RT : The torch will be lit at noon on the Village Green in #Tofino tomorrow. This is a REALLY big deal!
Parking tickets are paid..no more jail for my dad<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AE>
U folks in MI should be very ,very gratetful to Romney for the auto bailout . No! What's the matter with you ungrateful people?
Writers and editors probably have to deal with such high-horse riders more than software guys (like me) do.
It seems like a good conservation of effort to me. And it lets you put your work out there in a (somewhat) shorter time frame.
Who is the best singer of all time?
I'll say this... gets Cleveland Fans. Well done, young man! Congrats!
love your twitter background! is that the wallpaper from the bev hills hotel?
IHC's James Wallace will be hosting the Q&A for with and the rest of the cast! Today at 5:00PM.
Who's got some good
I should be packing, but I'm going to shoot for a bit first.
Just finished week 4 day 1 of #C25K with ! Running for a cause with
of course, who else can afford to?
The profit of school = student achievement. Districts make decisions far from the classroom.
All I have to say is I went to Texas de brazil for my bday dinner and I'm full of gift cards!
Project x= my fantasy life
I used to believe that until working in Alaska, I'm glad God's love for me is everywhere I am.
standing invitation for you, always
im not full saudi yet !! Im getting it soon tho lol
We love to party and eat pizza. PIZZA PARTY!
I bet Willie would make a great friend too. one that you can just call for smile
Diamonds South is where yu shud be. Get tatted n twisted
Okay. Just checking to see if you dn't have mulitple personalites or something.
When you love something or someone,you will do what is best
Not sure I can make that date, but if not, let's keep in touch! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
that's good! whatchu been up to?
athletic family too his brother is the light heavyweight UFC champ
Im just sayin' its fine by me if you never leave.
text me your email
Wow, congrats!
>>>> Thank You Very Much, you too...
Bears sucks
have you seen the way members argue? In my estimation, least half are lawyers. #torte not #tort!
#dwts Carrie Anne is tryin to put the fire out!
Hurt my hip -.-
Where the sexy ladies at
Just visited The Weinstein Co. offices in Beverly Hills.
what celeb movie quotes do you love?
what happened to my invite? We have to talk when you get home. have fun
Happy 3rd Birthday ! May all your birthday suit dreams come true.
Nice, I'll have to check it out. Thanks! How are things with you?
I just realized I read this tweet ENTIRELY wrong last night. No wonder you were laughing at me. LOL
no doubt looks cozy and a cool fireplace too!
Referring to "something" you shouldn't'a tweeted?!? Damage already done, you might as well say NO HITTER...
Up and awake, hitting the gym for a little gymnastics work. probably still sleeping. Oh well success ain't for everyone!
Eagerly awaiting the plenary at MAC in Grand Rapids.
damn i'm going to be alone tonight
Authentic class discussions stimulate even those students who don't ordinarily speak up
I want to see the in concert
it's adorable! I love it!!!!
It would. The PDF linked in the post is a good resource.
Here was a guy who battled a learning disorder and deafness and spent most of his time doing chemistry and other experiments.
It's worth a shot!
i'm going to miss Michael Steele when he's gone.
#Wendy Kopp's opinion piece The Trouble With Humiliating Teachers worth reading in Wall Street Journal
Can you follow the power fan club?
I get to spend this evening with the #love of my life while both of us learn valuable information in the process. I'm a very lucky girl! :0)
Don't forget your jeans. Cc:
Friends, you DO want to follow - he's smart, fights big govt, new on Twitter
Early voting has begun. Let me know when you have voted!
Vegetarians delight yourself in our Incredible “Vegible” filled with the good stuff you love!
Become the kind of leader that people would follow voluntarily; even if you had no title or position
I love it, I love it, I love it when you....
I've done it in bed. I did it on the couch. I did it in the car. Texting is an obsession.
Battle LA was cool. Lots of explosions
what's the score of the games brother
RT : Don't drop that beer! Do you know how much that costs?
Who will #Broncos get? Feeling Jerel Worthy most, but wouldn't be surprised if it's Kendall Wright or even Whitney Mercilus.
#Blazers use a 10-0 run to take 97-94 lead on a 3 from He has 33. Career-high is 36.
the drummer of told me they were making a trip to arizona soonish. I can't wait.<3
Not too many places serve Black Rice Pudding. We like it better than Mango w/ sticky rice...
Was in a coffee shop this weekend. Guy playing "My heart will go on" and "Orinoco flow" on piano. Had to escape quickly!
Funny thing I've ever heard.. "can't concentrate watching my Porn while I can hear a Live Sex next door".. lol.. /hilarious..
I really want some Crab Rangoon but I can't eat any. :(
ah - it's motorcycle ad season.
When us DaDa next?
No contest. Tebow plays the toughest position in all of sports.
Woo Hooo! I will be debt free by the end of 2011!
Red Robin is not a gay boy's friend.
Fat girls shouldn't wear belly shirts
If twitter is your main source of news it could fuck you all up LMAOO RIP Adele
No Internet access at the new house yet and I'm cancelling the apartment's (slow) cable... Wonder if they'll even want this router back?
it's so confusing! The BET years pale in comparison. So inconsistent. It's best for Tia and Pooch to move on.
Big/Little pairings were announced last night, alas! Cannot wait for Pledge Retreat THIS weekend!
I wonder how pizza feels about being better looking than Kim Kardashian
that awkward moment when ur friend asks for ur phone number and u dont even have a phone
Thanks for the shout out!
aaron.tv had a successful amount of kids on. thanks <3
Airline? I went to some amazing ones in PA last week.
I love those days where everything just works out. Best feeling ever.
Oh!!! Well, I live at the sportsbk & I'm Miss Moneyline :-) I used to do a column called Odds & Evens 4 what was a good bet
Seriously another Thrice show I have to worry about getting tix 4. I just want to make sure I go to the last one but they keep adding more
clarify please
Ah decisions, decisions...
Indeed! We'll announce it on the blog & twitter as soon as it goes live!
Nice win for the #Caps ...
Busily composing as much as possible before school starts back again!
Well Said - Startups: Keep your friends close, your competitors closer and customers the closest.
you know that video of kristen bell saying she just knew there was a sloth close by? i have the same feeling, but with ice cream trucks
tonight at Bottom of the Hill! Tickets support Free the Hikers
agreed. Was surprised to see him labeled DE right away.
Heading to in few to meet up with the crew for
"Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal." - Pamela Vaull Starr
It CAN'T rain tomorrow!! I'm going to the beach!!
lol snot on your eyes???? Lol huh???
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a Computer.
I can handle disagreement. Strawman argument - arguing against something I did not say - is not disagreement
43 miles. 4300 feet of climbing.
December 30th is our first anniversary, and of course the 31st is New Year's Eve. We hope you will join us for tasty food and drink specials
Thanks for the #ff!
Awe I look like your neck? That's precious lol you're "Precious" lol
This is clear proof that I control reality as we all know it.
The group was barred from last year's Hampdenfest because their material was deemed offensive.
do u like black eyed peas??
I haven't tweetered in a while. Or is it twatted? Twitterered?
Yes. And then the next day when I actually try it on, I'm like "How did my mind think of it as matching?"
People who exhibit the most kindness are the most hurt.
They arne't bad in a margarita either Tom!
from "The 16yo is charged with two counts simple assault by mob, throwing a missile at a car, destruction of property"
really wonderful event today Ian! #womenofinfluence. Thanks for the RT earlier!
I killed that freestyle. KILLED THAT SHIT!!!!!!!
I've been thinking of signing up and my pal said there might be a sign-up bonus today?
i retweet so much.
Chicago is my kind of town!
Just realized that I've been with Ryan for 56 months today. Time flies when you're having fun! <3
I'm looking for anyone who handles social media at/for an area law firm. Please get in touch!
Just finished seeing the film "The Divide" about a group of NY survivors dealing with the aftermath of a nuclear holocaust by North Korea.
Have a meeting with Cirrus on 3/21 to pitch my new show! Gearing up
true, but they're hellbent to get every penny & the biggest issue is plyrs are mouthpieces for their agents
“: Watching #Eredcarpet ... wish I had an excuse to wear awesome dresses like this” -your wedding!!! :)
tell melony I said happy mothers day <3
Put your money where your mouth is!? haha I actually bet they make it to the eastern conf finals w/out rose anyway
RT : A4. You could read many heritage specific items from
how embarrassing that Gingrich came in 2nd.
RT HEY EBERT HOW'S ABOUT YOU TAKE A FUCKING NAP AND GIVE ME A BREAK?
WOW! That's all I can say...
I love your avatar pic.
there's been so much shit on my mind lately
Written across my favorite t-shirt: "#Skydive, not to escape life, but to prevent life from escaping." Best #experience ever!!
we're riding with to tomorrow defo will blog about this!
Our 2 year anniversary / music video night ended with topless girls with Anonymous masks and a busload of people in onesies. Success.
O we should! Bonfire 2.0??
I hope everyone has a wonderful day :)
Did Jerry blocked me? I really can't follow him. What's going on?
it will be about the analysis of its somethingness vis-a-vis its aboutness.
Social VC $$ may be gone, but it's clear there's dough for future-tech like ours. Glad we ignored short-term 18 months ago!! D'uh! :)
Arneis concert tonight in Toledo at MVCDS, 7:30 pm! Viola, clarinet and piano trios by Mozart, Bruch and Schumann.
Make sure to tune in this Tuesday, March 20th to show on WPFW and listen to radio spins in D.C.
Good morning April
Are there any good sources on Twitter to promote a fundraiser? Looking for ways for cause minded people to rally behind needy children in FL
sorry I already have this photo on my phone.. :D
I just realized that I spend WAY too much time on FB and Twitter..(:
yea! strawberries are back here comes summer...
how r brother's spirits? Wife and I sit behind PS bench, Broke our hearts Sat. We know how hard he worked. We're praying 4 him
RT : Podcast: National Digital Information Infrastructure and Preservation Programs at the Library of Congress....
I know many of you are still wondering about your purpose! But it's time to move to the nest step, which is questioning.
follow me I cant message u Back!!
#GetYourGunsUp ! Who's at the game? Give your team a shout out!
your comments just make me want to call in more! And fyi there is others who call in more than me!
Good early morning everyone! Love Saturdays probably my favorite day of the week!
Follow Me? ;D
PP runs ads on their behalf not candidates. and don't give me grief re Obama and women. GOPers hate LillyLedbetter bill.
Quintus Septimius Tertullianus~ Truth persuades by teaching but does not teach by persuading.
Weigh in: what's your reaction to President Obama's announcement that he supports same-sex marriage? Tweet
PHONE IS BACK
Ready and waiting! :)
#Follow #Follow #Follow #Follow #Follow >>>> Alleyway to Broadway
I don't listen to podcasts myself.I'd rather read the info
MR. JONH LAURINIDOUS SHOULD NOT HAVE FIRED BIG SHOW!!
lol shut up. Ha im a swagged out weirdo tho. =P u still love me tho right?
Thanks to Imelda, and Anne, and everybody who helped! What a great show!!!
The Weeknd at Hollywood Cemetery. Let's do this.
Hey guys! Want to see a great Reggae/Funk/Latin band from San Diego tonight for FREE? Check out The B-Side Players at The Soiled Dove....
My dogs farts= atomic bombs o_0
I have work fool.
i love you =D
Uhm that threw me off and irked me a lil bit. Maybe im the one doing eh thing wrong maybe i should be like Charlie in 2 and a half Men
So this new #Girls show on #HBO might be really good...it's like I'm literally peering into the hilarious life of girls my age
Damn... This movie Colombiana>>>>>>
Just finished a songwriting session...country tune "She's the One" officially done. Now, anyone got a connection w/ ?
May 10,1932: Churchill declined to prepare book on articles about trip to America. It was to be called 'American Impressions'.
Sounds like a plan....
we have much to discuss tomorrow! Just about to watch it over some delish #meatballs!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you search your whole house for your wallet and it's in your back pocket.
STFU about Justin Bieber turning 18!!!!!!
79 days to that means another longer run tomorrow and a 10 miler on saturday! Veggie homemade pizza is
Need some brain rest after all that studying?? Check out a diversions book before you go on break and keep it for 6 weeks!!...
Springfield, MO friends: Donate Food for a Chance to Win Brad Paisley Tickets http://.ozarksfirst.com/fulltext/?nxd_id=607192
I do think #BlackFriday is an unfortunate reflection of our society. Why should shoppers in tents get a pass?
Very happy that NYC has three airports, and thus cannot be metonymized in that specific smug way. Sorry, PDX, etc.
#SomeFactsYouShouldKnow I am way to emotional for my own good.
<U+200E>"When you put faith, hope and love together, you can raise positive kids in a negative world." - Zig Ziglar
First Friday is this evening! Check out the Maine Sculptors exhibit in the Lewis Gallery...refreshments provided by Friends of the PPL!
I miss my peeps! It was so nice to have them home for bellyrubs on demand and treats on the hour.
We'll come pick up your container, and drive it across town or across the country.
Alright...why can't weed eaters be easier to start. I have a 1 year old, name brand that just refuses to cooperate? At least 25 to 30 pulls
I'm on a Mexican WOAH radio...
I'm a cranky pain in the ass ;-D
i can't :c but i'm saying like you can look at them online too lol.
Love the group!
thank you Love :) So are you!
I love you with all my heart you are my bestest friend, ANYONE could EVER have and your mine? say what now?! your beautiful
Registering for the National Council on Public History Conference. Anyone else going?
oh you got that haha
of course xx
"I Don't Wanna Miss A Thing" while asleep
"When you're close I don't breathe I can't find the words to speak I feel sparks"
Survived teaching Barthelme to middle schoolers this a.m. But I'm not sure they liked when I laughed out loud so hard about the dead puppy.
Say somethin cause you're driving me wild~
I am ludicrous excited for this reading! MT : April 18 with and at Hell yes."
Drinking second cup of coffee and stealing myself to write two articles on cat worms.
Busy week. Working in the office, listening to some White Stripes and still feeling sad that they are kaput.
Lol's they are out and about already!
I was pulling weeds from my yard today. Thought I was done and found more weeds. Thought I was done and found more weeds. etc!
I fucked up my complementary tweet ):
Demoing for tonight. Stuffs coming out great!
One of my favorite days of the year! Royalty check day! My atrocious/hilarious novel sold an impressive 70 copies thus far in 2012.
RT : RT #Internships at BDA in #Communications #Marketing #Sales open immediately! Job descriptions:...
Go follow
It goes now to conference committee (maybe even starting this afternoon). I'm expecting it to be ugly.
It is about improving student experience of LTS & academic services & spaces
can u followw mee please i needd followerss im new to twitter
I say restart it and let me guest write lol
hi stranger
Yep, Ellen is gay! Oh yeah, so am I!
CBB 6-3 Sat.. 21-7 this week. NBA Sat 0-0 4-3 for the week. NBA is a pass, but leaned hard to the 76ers. I'm finishing up CBB shortly...
Voting underway at the
Yeah... That's true!
okay just maken sure
thank you!!
RT Btw SAVE the date: July 19th we're doing a wine dinner with Charles Woodson Pics with him, raffle & more.
text jordans mom with ur email. new pixs jordan
Just wrapped an amazing XPN2 Local Tracks Session with #WESTON. You'll be able to hear it played back next week on The Philly Local!!!
YES @ my last retweet , my back is killing me.
lady gagas new music is the shiiiii
What a talented bunch! Congratulations!
Prom tonight :D
My sister is practicing the piano in the other room, sounds awesome!!! yey!
my tweet for the month lolz...i should really check this more often
Thanks! We appreciate the compliment. If you ever need help, please call us at 800.311.5656, press 1 for support.
Gotta love sleeping in on a Monday!
You know in "White Castle" the hot girl Harold is too nervous to talk to? Been informed by my neighbor I'm that girl for our building. Yay?
Good morning!!!! ;D
Anniversary lunch today with my bride, Cinda, at Ditka's Steakhoue in Pittsburgh. A first for us.
Palin's attacking women's words, did she say anything to her daughter about the F-bomb?
Butlers are wonderful and helpful if you ignore their well-nigh genetic predisposition for Murder - DvL
Happy Chocolate Day!
OF COURSE Cee-Lo has a sequined choir robe. I'm surprised it doesn't have "The Voice!" emblazoned on it.
I have no idea where my tape went and I was just using it.
Will you be mi amor.? <3 ~
Watching today, I don't think i've cried so hard in my life.
Commission is discussing Los Angeles area districts.
Can't feel my face.
Up early to take my first exam #finals :/
Tracy Turnblad's roach dress.
Has to be in house or a coordinator. There's no way a coach leaves their school again this late prior to signing day.
So glad I got netflix
Yes! Also the speech to text is really getting good. QuickVoice sends text emails that are accurate.
My Nigga fuck that we Bros I got love for this Nigga like a Brother But keep yo Head up Ill be back Soon!!!
#WBWednesday An amazing American woman, Madam C.J. Walker. 1 of the most successful self-made 19th century businesswomen. madamcjwalker.com
Going to visit my number 1 dealer in the USA. Bringing them Sunday Lunch. Can you say
Really excited about two dear Texas friends visiting this weekend. I turned in two papers, slept, and cleaned house. Let's do this, Madison.
thanks for stopping by today Sam! What did you end up doing at South Center?
Noeleen: Think about what kind of message might be best for the different roles within an organization. Is the CEO best?
sadly we dont plan on supporting blackberry :(
EVERYDAY IS A DIFFERENT ONE , THE WORLD STILL YOURS ONLY GOD CAN JUDGE WE
Wishing all the best to our boy on his epic journey to India - bon voyage, we'll miss you, and will see you upon your return!
Why is the time of day with the slowest traffic called rush hour?
lol I have a list. (;
no. Just sick.
Watching 700 Club
Just "hijinks," right? Who the fuck still says "hijinks?"
Before 7am and my a/c is "running"<~~(Forest Gump voice)
Q2 dealt with this when I worked at pub lib & started video game collection, had to explain learning aspect of gaming to the board
Hey I got new headshots you want me to send them to you? or the one u already got is fine?
hey sweetheart thanks you too ;)
I think the right term for what they possess is "equanimity."
Just got a very cool job offer via FB Chat. This is the future.
As annoying ESPN's coverage can be, their documemtaries are very good.
Everything will be okay! #HaveFaith ...
Ambition is not a vice of little people. Michel de Montaigne
then you should just stay in Orlando...don't worry...I'm sure the citizens here won't mind...at least I won't. :)
Got try n qet this money for my man n our lil boy.! Its time we qet our own place.!
my thoughts and love go out to all the surviors,victims and victims families of 9/11.
... the cop that checks your badge as you take the cart to the press room, the guard at the dropoff & the 2 more below
Listen to the hottest in Dade county @ www.305movement.com
#40dollars represents helping my mom on a weekly basis that prevents foreclosure on her mortgage
Nats fans, baseball fans, get out to Nationals Park. You know all those years wishing to have stars, compete, win? They're here. No excuse!
<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7> RT : God: I created the Earth for all humanity. Except for Antartica, that's for penguins. I like penguins
Watching an infomercial for a penis pump. That is all.
I googled my son tonight and found his winter indoor track stats! that was cool. Printed out to keep. Maybe spring stats will be there soon.
I hit an all time high for being soaked. My entire pants are soaked! And now I have to teach for 7 hours :( :(
thats becuz u live me and take care of me my wife
We are what we believe we are
Come join me Tonight @ danelectros guitar bar @ 8pm
Damn everybody left my #TL lol
thanks for the recommendations! =)
Info managers poor social web literacy - need to catch up on usefulness of microblogging especially.
Haddadi gave them great minutes!
Planning a date night tomorrow ;)
Being sick before a test is seriously one of the worst things ever. Looks like its just me, my AP II notes and basketball...
How about "You" by Candlebox?
Possibly the best scones in town at Rebecca's.
trying to talk to people and they block me
Thanks! RT #FF shoutouts to , , , and of course our own from Nicholas
how u been?
kick rocks lol
Where are you this week? Texas?
what test do you have?
You caught me, you should only be allowed to draft Pirates players
my deviant monitor says otherwise
Submitted, a weight lifted.
Chick was a Rocket Scientist.. www
new picture. check it :)
Ah, yes. That explains why that "running low on space" message magically vanished the other day.
lol no problem
his back hurts man lol, hes been carrying teams for so long its finally getting to him i guess
double filet anyone ?
Wish I had a dad like jay z
Welcome new followers!
word my g Food & Liquor 2 should be dope tho
Another month of 2012 has gone by! Which means it's getting closer and closer to visiting!! <33
#Marquette plays at 140p on thurs #Wisconsin is at 110p..so both game will be running the same time at some point.
“: There is no such thing as negativity in a postive state of mind.”
Yes! All 3 in 5 days! RT : have u read it? Omg I'm hooked!
I will.
see? what did i say? karma happened. she did him wrong & me? i already moved on (':
For anyone, especially FIU students, looking for a deal DO NOT shop at Worst Experience Ever! Visit at your own risk.
Happy Birthday shout out goes to my cuzzo! , not much 2 say...ya tú sabe :) Love you cuz! <3
how are things
You are never completely ready. Start from wherever you are- C.J. Haden
do you have tickets? I'd need to get one and an excuse to get out of work.
Am I the only one who isn't amused by ? BORED.
Thank You! RT : Your online graphing calculator is great! Perfect for use in classroom, particularly in projection mode
And in other news, hot girls are still the best thing ever
I only get hit on when I'm fat. Guys are weird. And I feel gross.
Mike Carey sucks!
good morning twitter
wants to know, what's your #safe #travel tip for all those students getting ready to #study #abroad?
TONIGHT AND EVERY WEDNESDAY NIGHT IN MAY: Eddie Miller performs with Kristin Major on vocals and Jon Smith on Sax...
I don't wake up in time w/o an alarm, but I was kinda awake already. And then I dropped/found my only right contact lens. Dodging already!
How are things with you?
believe it or not, whites outnumber any other minority race in public assistance.
Tim Tebow sings gospel songs while he warms up. What a pimp
I'm confused why people rag on that Skrillex dude all the time. Why not another electronic artist? Why not Bassnectar?
Lets see what kind of trouble we can get into tonight, out on the town!
The kid sitting next to him "on ankle" with a record, can get in state tuition. What a joke. We are missing out on some great minds
Thanks for your mention. Sending angel love your way today!
“: Casual Friday is a great way to confirm who all the hoochies are in the office.” me?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> just kidding
I'll be featured in a segment on Tucson Fox 11 Daybreak Show today from 7-9am. I haven't seen it yet, lets watch it together!
Excited! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> moving out is finally becoming REAL
that was way too mean!
Always be kind and gentle, for each dawn you can find new hope that someday your dreams will come true
OI faculty member Chris Woods and staffers Laura D'Allesandro and Tom James are at Northstar Imaging in Roger MN to CT scan some Token Balls
sent u the num .... hit me up before that phone dies
- Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to collaborating.
WORN. OUT.
lost 0.5 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 7 pounds so far.
first tasting down! amazing experience with !!
I'm not worried about any of you #lames...don't get mad I called you by yo name either bitch!! Its all love at the end of the day.
: Can prime a comm'y to make a news event more interactive & richer experience by encouraging people to tweet w/ hashtag.
i really dont wana take this compass test today.. Haha
let's see, i think it would be best to do a girls night since I'm not attached to a boy right now. Less awkward for guys.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
Let my team and I at InsurTexas blow your mind with GREAT customer service and GREAT rates on your all your insurance needs. Call us TODAY…
Whatever happened to those glory old days in the NBA when superstars hated each other?
I don't know, but pregnant bellies, pregnant girls, anything pregnant us just not cute to me. Have you seen pregnant stomachs, theyre gross.
For AAron Solar Wednesday: DCA->LAS; Thursday: LAS->DCA; Friday: DCA->LAX; Sunday: LAX->DCA. Hello miles!
how do u deal with all the traveling u have to do ? Do u ever get tired ? SHOUTOUT TO SARAH
M! $2 texas beers tonight @ the Goat!
monsters, inc. C:
hopefully I get a special greeting "b-day" from you :)
you're so right! I'm going 2 try a homeopathic Dr.
y'all got SWAY
Animal crackers are the best!(:
Super Bowl MVP should have gone to Mario Mannigham. What a catch!
amen and thank you. That word was needed
it's almost all downhill from here...
Yes, sir! Anywhere there's a dollar, right? I've got no shame.
have a great time. Congrats Daniel
tweet me to make a crappy night an amazing one
LOL, I can't wait <3 it should for real be a national holiday ahah
a 13 year old kid on facebook just called me his future "sex' girlfriend D": #wheniwas13 i never said that kind of shit
RT : RT : #startupriot - the judges are getting their Shark Tank on this year.
lots of IT jobs at millercoors
u forgot
Farted so hard it hurt my asshole.
#Jazz still keeping it pretty close against the #SPURS!!!! ;) #GoSPURSGo!!
Online.... It's custom made...
Dez Bryant lacks any brain cells.
I hope is feeling better(:
Don't forget...kids eat free on Monday nights! Stop by before the game tonight!
just five more days until our trip!! I'm so excited !
Do it!
I know Westbrook is ur mans lol u better pick a side right now! I won't have any of this inbetween leek issh from u!
Darius Miller ended up having the most career 3-point field-goal attempts in school history by a native Kentuckian.
Listened to my 1st Barry Eisler novel-Inside Out. Count me as a huge fan.
>>>SAVE THE DATE SUNDAY MAY 27TH<<< ROOFTOP ALL WHITE PARTY! EMAIL ME NOW TO RESERVE TABLES STAY TUNED FOR DETAILS!
#imissthe90sbecause One word, Grunge.
Why tha fuck is Corey Brewer Wearing his hand band over his eyes!
Still not 100% but I'm heading back to work... Let's do this!
Thoughtful with an uppercut. I like it.
Perfect way to end a wine tasting! RT : Thx, Christy! Great seeing you Thursday. Next time, freedom...I mean, beer?
American idol tonight! Hell to the yeah!
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take. - Wayne Gretzky
The media guide came in the mail today - thanks again!
when and where is the game Thursday?
Don't forget! Tonight you can get bottles of wine under $100 for HALF PRICE! All the more reason to come to Maguire's!
I'd be so embarassed if I died. If I ever die, just kill me.
that's really the way it should have always been
Listening to Mary Alice Ball talking about 's Digital Inclusion Framework project. Love the community engagement!
My dad said he's selling my car to buy me a better one!!!
stop, stop, hold up, too much money to fold up.....
Practice makes perfect
RT : ... - VLEs are the “killer app,” ... To paraphrase Janice, VLE's just another word for nuthin's left to lose...
: I wanna live like that! And give it all I have, so that everything I say and do, points to you! <U+E328><U+E00F>~sidewalk prophets
O'Cuiv is making a fool of himself. He should stop digging now.
hey its in my study guide. Not my fault lol
And for those of you bemoaning the obscenely hot conditions today, temps should be back in the upper 60s by midweek.
I REALLY want a Phantom Flex...
I'd rather only my sisters call me "brother".
Gorgeous day for lunch out on the patio Thanks!
Thanks to for supporting 's U.S. Programs through Project 360!
paid in full. Ha.
": Great opening number!!! Great job everyone!!" Eep why am i fangirling so hard
This part of "Reality Bites" was reality. If your friend "comes out," embrace them, never shun them. Friends are friends for a reason.
Perfect pick, perfect role. Stoudemire switches on Wade and Bosh is guarded by Fields going towards the bucket. All he needs is the pass.
Like, Seriously? Some people on #Tumblr take things WAY too seriously and get offended easily. Some of them are judgmental as crap. -_-
RT : Tonight was my favorite episode of Chopped, the judges. Met he really is a nice guy.
not even true! I have a nice smaller cheese grater that hasn't seen a bit of rust in years and I totally abuse it
ah i just love having a good laugh every once in a while XD (:
do u like Skrillex's music ?
its funny how this dude stole my username but put a dash after it, so all of his friends fuck it up and end up tweeting at me..
Next stop, #Toronto with Tina, hopefully before the world ends
proud of u
~10 hours until the Contra Alliance Kickstarter campaign launches, and hopefully a new era begins.
#actorsloungelive thanks for coming out good night and see yall june 1 ps our new price is five bucks
It just dawned on me that & are graduating... I'm not going to be able to keep myself together.
#NMS30 Day 8 challenge: I'm using Audacity today
welcome aboard!
Got a yesterday. It told me I woke up 12 times last night. No wonder I fell like crap.
I made it!!!! But there were a few songs I hadn't heard ima need you to update me lol
I'm throwin' a party, y'all invited TB! Lol Birthday Cake For Breezy.
scary good young talent.
Excited to see our new President at #ACPA2012 in Louisville, KY!
Shoutout to stackfrost kentucky and E st.louis
I want a picture :D =^__^=
Lmao ; ill laugh if i get that check before you and alex ;D
The best of the Amy's pizzas.
Hey Ian, been a while since we met last year, but my new startup is very much in the #socialbusiness space. Love to catch up
Aint life grand
at least you didn't cut yourself shaving!
Puar cut Goku's tail off. I learn something new EVERY DAY.
Hurricane winds!
i can't wait for summer, so i can forget about this horrible year i've just had .
Thinkin about my future and what moves I should make to make it fabulous =)
mines too.
Great job tonight. Next time sing Cannonball another awesome Damien Rice song!
I know! They're real bastards!
#jmpeasteregghunt RT Tomorrow at 12 Noon! 401 Curry Hollow Road, Pleasant Hills, PA 15236! All ages Welcome!
that would be pretty awesome.
My heart hangs heavy for those of us here, while it rejoices for God that has an amazing talented angel. I will miss you Gray Collins.
- how is your new station coming along?
Let's go beat the suns with our second team and no coach! Chase for #4!
lol don't get him started he wants to
if all your content is on that comp then you can synchronize again; if not, then you may have to call Apple for help!
watchin The Human Centipede 2 with & <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> ~
Happy Monday - Normally people invest everything they want to, but what that they want to invest isn't everything. You get what you give
This is supposed to be a much more exciting start to the series. Unfortunately, we have Kendrick starting.
Quick - get that domain name! :)
Midnight on May 4th can't come soon enough for me.
Lol! Same here! One reason out of many why I wouldn't recommend going anywhere near downtown this weekend and Monday.
thanks. I figured I might as well post it here too :-) When are you visiting NYC?
is a case study for #alliclass today.
never been that fucked up before lol
~ Pinterest: Why should we be interested? [infographic]
Roll Tide
Thank you for #FF! Looking forward to AN UNEXPECTED GUEST!
I forget I was born blond...then it all comes back to me now...
Good night.
Seattle doesn't look like Seattle today. Where did this sun come from?
I judge other women based on what I can see under bathroom stall walls...like gross get a pedicure or damn get some new shoes this decade
Glad you survived! You should share more with me soon ;)
Made my self Mexican eggs and French toast. I love that I can eat normally again. :]
talking to a friend I've known for 16 years... The one who knows everything about me and loves me anyway!
If you are headed to #NAISAC12, please check out and subscribe to new site for John Hunter, , and World Peace game film...
I'm awesome, loving life and work. You?
I hate when subs get in you shit do you see this phone in my hand with Twitter up? it means I ain't listening
You have no clue how happy that makes me.
Breaking News! The NFL realizes that Indianapolis is too cold to host a Super Bowl. Reconsiders location.
Civil rights should not be on a poll ballot, period.
I've never had someone pretend to be my friend or pretend to be interested in me. Still got a long way to go.
me too, jason. me too.
We're going to have some fun goodies at #NAFSA12 - stop by and see us at our booth (709/711) :)
Who you callin tonight
is so damn fine you need to follow her rt now ..... the first 100 that do I will give you a s/o
More importantly, #Philly, channel 44.2 on regular TV plays full hour reruns of the SOOOOOOOUUUULLLLLLLLLL Train. James Brown.
Ha Ha I hear ya!
where did you get that picture of Coach Mattingly at
aye. I'm back. lol.
I gotta get my shit together
#noworries cuuz i still LOVE nothing will EVER change that<33
I do think so! I'm going there at 9 pm to mix and mingle but I've already got my ticket. If you can, buy online 2 B safe!
As I walked into NASM this morning a bagpiper in the garden area across Indep. Ave. was playing the theme from Star Wars. Great!
So pop a top and drop a tailgate. Yeah we crankin up AC/DC, Hank, Skynyrd, and George Strait #kickitinthesticks #brantleygilbert <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Everytime I hear your ringtone I smile. :-)
probably my favorite senior year memory: skipping the AP Gov exam so that i didn't have to skip senior skip day
cutting Havner??? Does that make any sense??
what up homie..when can i get out there and rock anotha show bro..lol
looks like fun! Have an awesome thanksgiving. I'm thinking about you ;)
We’re Rocking the Casbah, courtesy of and
My old roommate deleted me in Facebook. I don't really give a fuck, I just think its funny that he swore up and down that he didn't hate me.
Not too early to make your summer plans! Register for Lovett's American Studies Institute summer workshop before March 30 and save....
what's the website
I hate the wat lace front wigs make they forhead look.
they're not on special. but i just ate some and had a lot of questions.
Any of you know of #REO #investors looking for projects in SoCal? Need liquid $ of nearly 1m, project w potential to double that or better!
Ok my luvz turnin in dat shower must have did it can't keep my eyez open luv u all muah
Happy Birthday to my brother
In my alternate universe the Twins traded up to sign Bryce Harper who is now filling in for Morneau at first base for the first place
Major health concern for tight pants Chuck: yeast infections; watch out now.
Just had a White Tie Affair moment. Those are rare. She was thinking Mr.Right, I was thinking right now....
<< have u tried the tropical strawberry Shakeology?
And whether other lobbyists called #DiMasi more or less frequently than McDonough.
A: If you've signed publishing agreements, you can tackle the law on your rights. However, this isn't a quick or easy process
My daughter takes 3rd in county championship 200m
Hey ray j dont send me 143 while we're texting cause i wont know what it means
Im real sorry guys... :( tweeting just isnt wat we can do first rite now, i PROMISE to Rec. The auditions!
Tomorrow's game is starting right now right?
Add me to the list of people having Safari 5.1 issues on Lion...people who solve them by switching to Chrome.
Don't forget that we have a show on Thursday at skrappys with A Step Ahead. Doors at 6, $7. Make it if you can, it'll mean a lot. :)
I may be there, not too sure.
Comments about using technology 24/7 and accessing information are all roles a school librarian can fill.
And, so, often, are the very best software engineers. So O has the feel of an interesting set of ideas emerging from an entertaining misap
i google such random ass things into google
Is Dicky Pride the best name in golf? Driver Dick Trickle will always be on the top of my Best Athlete Names List.
good look
All da sex my parents had If u suffer from insomnia, there is good chance that ur sleep patterns were often disturbed as a child
Dnt need nobody but my niggas n my girl
Low-lying areas including Bangladesh and Florida face catastrophic flooding. Inhabitants forced to move become the first climate refugees.
Little people (midgets) are hilarious!
#golakers yeah somos viejitos-but I believe where's ?
contention, struggle, disagreement
CAME HOME TO MY GRAMMA!!!! :D <3
St. Louis Cardinals home opener today! Hopefully it doesn't get rained out...
Kings-Rangers. Only a matter of time now.
We thank you for coming to our performance last night. Our new band can swing hard. We had a great time.
That stupid rule "cant date till a certain age" just ruined my chance of getting him <|3
Adam from maroon 5 ( i forgot his lastname) is so sexy.
Lunchables are the only thing getting me through this week.
I'm mad my husband isn't on Skype. He doesn't know it but he's gonna be my husband. Haha
For the int'l travelers out there: is NEXUS better than Global Entry? NEXUS is cheaper and works for Canada too..
Going camping for the weekend by the lake. Tent style.
This is the day the Lord has made. Rejoice and be glad in it. Have a beautiful day.
People need to stop talking crap about people they don't know. I've been reading all these really mean things about celebs recently. Not ok.
Bitches stay sacking it lol.
I have so much shit yo do today, what a day.
Now that is too funny and clever.
Two Vernon teens caught street racing on Highway 97
haha followed me a few months ago already :)
Bring in ten friends to sign up and get one year free!
it was awesome. he hasnt even dropped an album yet and everybody knew the words to all the songs he did.
I love getting an email from my teacher saying my group is doomed to fail the project when I'm the only one doing any work.
Very hard to build a team from the draft but they did it.
Great workout for those of you who made it this morning! "It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop. " ~ Confucius
Im probably gonna scare people today in my gothic sheek.
Bo all you want, your team got a 3rd degree Burn! No extinguisher is putting out
not to offend bankers but they can be conservative. This is way for nontraditional projects to get funded.
Thanks for the nod!
will there be a live audience? How might one apply to be in the audience?
The American health care system should not be most burdensome to the people who need it the most
you up for doing some photos next time your in Nashville?
Can't BELIEVE THIS SHIT!! How the hell am i waking up super early everyday!! hm..Cause im getting my buff on!! P90X in the morning
Back in Pittsburgh
have a great night be safe love you
2 things that don't go together pigeon poop and restaurants. vegaspressurewashing.com we clean it up so you don't have to
Post something that will make me drippin' smile! :))
#HonestyNight i love sex, but w/ one person
The awkward moment when your bro actually tells a cool story .
New career, That voice made millions, and you look better than him
Np good job. I think I'm pretty much out of the playoff race so I'm rooting for you to win it all.
“: FT Arsenal 0, Chelsea 0. Dire.”. Boring. Clearly both teams are saving something for later.
Give him MY lamp, ayye? Oh, alright. Well you know where to look when it goes missing on Friday.
I done been around the world,met plenty ppl, some good and some not so!
sounds like you put into action ... If somebody asks for your shirt, give him your coat too.
Debating on if I wanna go to CHS graduation Saturday morning
5 year engagement was hilarious! I love
Ears are still ringing!
Do your homework brother lol! See you Thurs if not sooner.
The consumer is not a moron. She is your wife. -- David Ogilvy
Sad isn't it? NIMBYism over culture.
I love the west coast
Pookie! The pics I took with my old camera at Joe's Grad Party turned out fantastic. I should make you copies.
Greetings new followers :) Very interesting bunch!
is a very outspoken, honest, and opinionated person. If you're wanting something sugar-coated .. Go eat a damn glazed donut!!
Does anyone else find themselves annoyed by the "-OTUS" acronyms?
Can I make a wish on my 1111th tweet?
Thanj you very much. The Psalms make excellent prayers.
RT Effective Car Commercials: Now every time I pass a KIA "Soul" in the street I'm disappointed the driver is not a Hamster.
If I have 10 ice cubes and you have 11 apples how many pancakes can fit on the roof? Purple. Because aliens dont wear hats
about to watch fievel goes west !! one of my favorites! bored someone talk to me :p
congratualtions all RT always bring their A game!!!
will anyone be live tweeting Abdu'l-Baha'is visit to America (as if it were 100 years ago)? It could be fascinating! 1/2
Hawt show them see what happens lol you may get a sugar daddy
Good morning. Going to work early. Forced to cover a sick call. Can you feel my excitement?
things come in three's...
lol fb is overrated. I would never spend 30 to 40 dlls a share no way. The hype crowd forgets myspace
Oh bummer :-/ Stay safe!
Oh you miss me, well I don't miss you.
Great to hear we were able to help you!
Sky hazing up - rain coming. Hopefully, more Summerish rain. I live in the land of rain.
What was the first art event you attended in LA County?
I got my "#Money" on #Floyd ....15 Racks.
Tanning bed and haircut after school. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087>
I feel awesome
hadn't heard of The Butcher Block. Thanks!
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Super fun and addictive!" by Chaunaci
ima need my manager here to disclose those details lol
sounds awesome! I'd be up early just to repeat it all again!
We were Krogering together? U should've said hi! RT : I was in Kroger Turned around and it was !
everything's coming up emily!
In #Sonoma ?See OTTO DIX and 15 other DEGENERATE ARTISTS at ARThouse #Gallery, GlenEllenVillage, close to
hey, I'm doing fantastic. Yourself? Btw, I listened to a bit of your music. I really like your voice! :)
today's open house was a huge success. Doing it again tomorrow morning. Come see green roofs & green walls galore plus rain water harvesting
Good Morning! :)
First learn the meaning of what you say, and then speak. -Epictetus
Rock on #HCMS12 - sorry I have to head out tonight. Enjoy the keynote. You'll learn a ton. Enjoyed meeting so many of you!
Mission Creek Music out by the pool today! Beats, Booz & BBQ | 2p - 8p | FREE! | The Phoenix Hotel | 601 Eddy
": We all have that one friend WHO NEEDS TO LEARN HOW TO WHISPER." That is so me LOL
That's what I'm sayin'...
I'm packing up stuff to go into storage but it's all so dusty. Maybe it should go to Goodwill instead.
M83’s show tonight was pure wall-of-modular-synth glory. The brand new tracks were ear-melty heaven.
I love when my boyfriend sucks up to me.... what?
Got my washer/dryer installed today, and I swear that the user manual is thicker than a P.O.H. for an SR20...
this hologram of 2pac #genious man... now can we get an
Cool, have fun! :)
what phone are you using? For me it was right under today's score.
My 100ste tweet is for all the Mahomiess <33 and Austin ofcouse <U+2665>
Getting ready to head back to Los Angeles thanks to everyone who came out to 3 great shows THANKS!
I never seen it but im sure my friend who also owns this account with me has :)
Dealing with a construction worker
Downtown Charlie Brown
Sigh, work ran out of beer. Yes, after one hour.
Today film workshop 2nd day in NYC
that damn song has been in my head. All. damn. day.
Pete Fornatale, Legendary NY Radio DJ and author has died at the age of 66. RIP Pete.
Yum!Yum! Peppers Thai Cusine/Palm Springs is now on board offering 10% off dine in!
I haven't checked mad river. I'm afraid to cuz I have feeling its going to be bad news, too. Haha
What has everyone been doing in this beautiful weather?! Let's see some pictures! Post them here or tweet them to us at !
my night would be wonderful if Lakers lose.....so wonderful!
Think was afraid to play the music to end 's talk.
my best year yet -12 out of 20 thus far...not too bad...:-)
heads to winning schools for Oprah-style award reception. Uses content in #SocialMedia during "off season."
they are 8-8 vs teams who are .500 or better. Let's not go crazy...
Keep that up & you'll have grow your own food.
Maybe Hal Leonard bought the vote?
tremor anyone?
En route to Lexington to start the tour with and
:-) Just in general T. Feeling a bit out of sorts lately.
Thanks for the read!
You're annoying.
RT : #justread Monday LOTS OF CANDLES PLENTY OF CAKE by Anna ,
when you want to retweet someone but you don't cause you retweet them too often lol <<
I'm hungry like the wolf! See you tomorrow night!
LOL!!! New word, graupchy!!! I like it!
Randy and u could of said that at home not on my post
An encore career change from cubicle to solo-entrepreneur combines purpose with profit. Are you ready?
Its time to recharge my battery let my hair down and have some fun. yes yes yes its friday!!
just took my hemo rage, this ones for you man!
Firefighters on motorcycles event to be held this month - WNEM Saginaw
"When we set our goals, life has a way of re-arranging itself with events to begin the motion. Let's make it happen ~The Slight Edge~
perfect doorbelling weather!
Thanks! Yum since I can't go to NOLA Game of the Week 4/6~ Smoked & Spicy Alligator Sausage w Cajun Shrimp Remoulade & Goat Cheese
I want some dang menchies or froyoz...
you ok? prefer to direct message me?
No! Good God, no. She was with me nearly three years ago. Then she left and married this guy shortly afterward.
aye where my girlfriend at i kinda want one?
off to work, lots to do today
Congrats to client Health Systems International for being nominated for
"Sometimes we stare so long at a door that is closing that we see too late the one that is open." Alexander Graham Bell
My first name and your last name would sound great together ;)
Come to the Make-A-Wish wrapping station at Otay Ranch Towne Center Saturday (12-4pm). Get all your gifts wrap and help a great cause!
Thanks! :):) Sweet Dreams!!!
hahahaha!!!!! I bet he was just loving that. lol!
...Then listen close to me ~ Anything can happen, child... Anything can BE!!!
not good
RT Wow... Epic #fail on the #clear speedtest... .71mb/sec download .04mb/sec upload. yikes... I hope just cause it's new.
Follow back please
Another one straight from the GOP debate: boots on the ground.
I think it will!
Daughter went to play at friend's new house. Supposed to pick her up. Realized I don't have their street address *or* phone number.
My mother looked at me during lunch today and insisted I start using her la mer cream before bed. Wtf
the blog is totally down, or otherwise unresponsive. Bo!
Or...stanky leg
we will become the eyes, ears, and consciousness of the universe
Watching The African Queen. Enjoying it. I need to see more Bogart films.
You can do that if you like! It's just easier for us to keep track of everyone's entries when they're in the same comment thread.
I barely remember what windows look like. That was what I first thought of when I saw the pic too.
U were sAaying? Rogers that.
Best alternative to monster & careerbuilder. Real companies, low prices for ads, best candidates! www.joborworker.com
Sleep! Yes please. =]
THEY USED TO BE TOO TIGHT. FANGIRLING OVER HUUUUR.
They Don't Know What To Do, When I'm Hurt, When I'm Angry. You Was My Friend, And My Man And My Daddy.
Our jäger bombs finally or whaaaa?!
Western R&J would be cool, would love to work on that! I worked on a great modernish R&J and a not so great period R&J.
"let's talk about digital content strategy. let's talk about you and me."
- Soon. In the next few weeks.
Excited to spend some time tonight and tomorrow with our leaders at our first Leader Weekend! Expose.EMPOWER.Unleash.
i love him so much.
"unlimited" is misleading to >90% of the average online backup users. netcdp is more cost effective online backup www.netcdp.com
I always forget until I see traffic galore by my house and then I realize it's free day. Oh well.
#ATTENTION! If you're tired of the SAME OLD #r&b, #GOOGLE & #PANDORA Lamorris Williams! Something new, song w/ #AlGreen & more!
come here for a cuddle (opens arms and starts to cry)
Was epic meeting and last night
looking for a good S.O.S.-style iPhone app that can help me discretely call 911 in emergencies. any suggestions?
hi just sent an email and it didn't go through; wanted to connect about possible story opp
Cinco de Mayo Street Food
Glengarry Glen Ross at next season too!
happy half birthday!!
is here at #wcmia! We will be giving presentations about Responsive Web Design and Writing Effective Proposals
lol I thought I was <U+270A>
Instead of marbles, you try to get miniature Pabst Blue Ribbon cans.
Yes! UNC loses!!!
Niggas who wanna touch you with ashy hands <<
- True. His battle was longer. Oz was on the 5 -year plan.
Breath takings views & great food at "560" than Andrea Bocelli concert! Goosebumps
The one day I wanna look good...I look like poop.
NWC IS KNOWN 4 1 THING !! BRING N THAT NEXT SHIT !!! CHUBBY BOOB, FULLY LACED, ROGUE STATUS 4 DA LADIES ETC.. WE KEEPAZ SEXXY !! Page Theme
"We had a great experience at Wilde Toyota in West Allis. We were treated well, all of our questions were answered, and we found the...
Really glad to have and in the studio all the time these days. Great group of Mpls guys
What's up
thanks man! Always an honor to share the stage with you!
Yeah, he wouldn't...
oops! It *did* seem weird that no one else was excited about it last night...
#ravens select CB Asa Jackson
According to UW athletic communications spokesman Brian Mason, the cardinals squad is favored by 6.5
Still awake <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
pretty sure it was the woodlands. When We were in Houston for mike's wedding
thanks new follower!
Super Cute "Now We Know" this morning on
Do you know you can purchase the Diversity Platinum Rewards Card for only $19.95? Type Instinct11 in the Promo box in check-out and save!
Q2) Some examples are iPad in classroom, QR Codes at annual training event, Cameo scenarios, internal SoMe - Socialcast
Come out today to I will be there at 2pm talking about #upcycling and art as #Eco Activism, plus exhibiting a few art pieces.
Ladies and Gentlemen!!! My child is the 2012-2013 President of the National Junior Art Honor Society at her School!!! Toot toot Beep Beep!!!
I'm so shitty that they ran out of the pineapple white owls!!!
Abnormally heavy flow - New Straits Times
All the things I really like are either immoral, illegal or fattening. ~ Alexander Woollcott
Literally just cleaned out my room, unpacked all my stuff, organized it all, and then put it all away.Havent even tried to go to sleep yet..
They were over 50?
not long enough...
I'd love to see MJ at his prime vs LeBron at his prime one on one
"I got the game in my blood - with the mission on my mind, flow my heart down on paper - and keeps my azz on the grind". ~D.Mighty Music~
I'm excited for Thailand tomorrow- flying to Phuket then Koh Phi Phi islands. After that, not sure... still looking to volunteer.
Never burn trash in your fireplace or wood stove; it leads to dangerous creosote buildup
I Love when sing We gone always be together baby that's what you told me & I believe it Cause I ain't neva had nobody do me
Sorry for all thoes pics guys i just love them <3
Minority leader Pelosi addressing general session
today is a very slow day.love it
#tie2011, great google sites class, so much information, brain on overload, can't wait to develop something for education
hey, this may be straight forward but.. Will you be my Superman? .<U+2665>
Does anybody love my new ICON? :)
First day of orientation. Bring it....
#SUHSD Bonita Vista HS students leave school early on min day while daytime #curfew is in effect & #CVPD says "No problem", but when...
if you're talking about 1984, it just isn't worth it.
story of my life?
12 mile run, powered by Skittles. How healthy can that be?
Orioles game tonight?
You looked into my eyes...and my heart melted <3
alrighty here's the deal, I just took down all my posters in my room. all 503 of them.
An amazing #phamesparkle 2012 kick off meeting today - get ready for a world of pure imagination, Sunday Nov 4 at the Governor Hotel!
hey hey!!
Slowly Uncovered
......I deny your awesomeness
#swxengage ...and that's a huge prob; blasting same msg across #MultiChannel is often the way many go, sad to say
Sufficently blapped for about ten hours of mayhem
#NorwalkBOE special ed program burden should be on parents, not system. if parents don't like offering, they can seek alternatives.
Hey Davaughn will be posting the pic. I used his camera tonight. They will be on FB & it was nice meeting u 2. :)
That sounds good to us. We're always up to our elbows in it!
Ah, I see him now. was also recently had a cameo as a runner in a video! weird.
I hear that. It's hard to make time sometimes
I know it's allergy season and everything, but this guy at the library has been sniffling & snorting for over an HOUR.
I wish! MOMA exhibit in ATL.
My dog crashed into the glass door because he wanted to chase a cat on the other side lol
That one's the best. "They hated each other" was funny too, but I hang out w/ 13 yr olds all day.
If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail! - Kurt Cobain
Met ya tonight in Nashville and bought your cd ^-^ I enjoy it (:
How'd y'all like the premiere? I sang Journey, The Calling, David Lee Murphy, and Matchbox 20, & Rick Springfield!
I hate going shopping in December, everything my mom buys me is now for Christmas
the Lakers D is BIG tonite
I checked out the vids, nice! Do you lease your tracks ?
“: Still trying to figure out which camera at work I can film on.” // Ha ha ha I was wondering the same thing!
#justinbieber RT and Follow Back If You Love Your Fans!! I Will Always Support You Till The End!! #Belieber Forever xoxo #NeverSayNever 2
This niggah is the red hat is annoying afff
A dude just hit me with a "Happy New Year". The 90 day period when you can say that is over.
coloring my hair!
which version? The studio or pro or tour?
Every person must decide whether he will walk in the light of altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness.Martin Luther King, Jr.
I'm helping another church struggling with negative social media posts. 2 words: be transparent. publicly reach out, privately reach out.
we put ours eye level!
Hey Adam:) How are you today?
Tonights game proves that George Karl is a much better coach than Mike Brown. Wonder if LA misses Phil Jackson?
earn less than $5,000 a year from
Sorry. I fell asleep. But goodmorning! And love you too tbffl.<3(:
Another eventful night in avon
working on the reference desk tonight, so i'll probably avoid the internet tonight and tomorrow for fear of any #howimetyourmother spoilers.
That looks awesome!!!
Thinking of changing my middle name to Superfly TNT.~>
We're each on opposite sides of the st waiting for busses going in opposite direction. AWKWARD :/ Girl train'g me, not good at training :(
heck yeah.
Beautiful day in Florence and I am stuck inside studying for midterms
If Bilas feels they don't belong in D1, he shouldn't get paid to call their games.
Better late then never :) Good Luck* Got the feeling it's gonna be a lot of work.
I didn't know you could cook a turkey like at home.
Uh.... No I didn't! You did way better than me!
just walked in 5 degree weather to get breakfast. yes, i was hungry. now i can't feel my face.
The hardest part about starting our business was finding venues who liked good music!
Off work. What's up?
As he's preaching automation, maybe he should have used a robot.
what the fuck you talking about bitch
Hey! Happy Birthday, teddybear!
Guterman: CDC estimated we can prevent 40-60% of child abuse cases through home visiting services.
Got a haircut!
Just Did A Movie
R.I.P. To the #SoulTrain founder Don Cornelius, the Bleu Family sends their condolences to his family....God Bless &
The Understudy. I Love Broccoli. Himalayan Walking Stick.
The band just posted brand new video to www.nemesysband.com
Random ? for you-Do you happen to know of any great hat stores in Boston? I am on the hunt for one to wear to a wedding there
I've always wanted to do the gay videos of me singing but I'm too scared. Oh well.
Good night, slut!
The Wanted can go straight to hell.
thanks for sharing the video!
Good luck to my client Colette and a friend Emilia who are running New York City Marathon this morning running!! Have a great race!
I am still astonished on the fact that I broke my bat today haha
Big Barrel Wednesday Beer is: Sierra Nevada Pale Ale. RSVP to to get on the list. First 75 only. 5/16 7-8pm!
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate. ~ Oprah Winfrey
Johns hopkins is cooking the SHIT out of stony brook
True that. Or maybe it's just that things for men often use quality, timelessness and utility as selling points?
I'm in quite a bit of pain with some fractures, bumps and bruises, but I'm very lucky that It wasn't worse!
Feelin like garbage
Hope we have a sold out crowd tonight. It always makes the show more fun!
Fuck the internet piece of shit
": Summer basketball is heating up...Hicks take it to another level with Rcs sports..". Fasho! U know I will...
I do We do You do is also good for teaching class norms
The Disney store is still the only place I care about in oxmoor mall...
I lost 15 pounds in a month and a half. its a great program.
Let's all take pictures of ourselves watching #BestFriendsForever with our BFF's and send them to !!
Me + Nicole = Cinnamon Challenge x 2 = Hillarious. (:
Jiz may have used their key too many times... but we'll definitely want You back! Let's email? :-D
I'm alive, alert, awake and enthusiastic!!
hey plzz reply I'm bored I'm just listening to ur songs over and over
White iPhone 4 At Last! Due to the delay it became
Really not every nigga the same tho
Damn. It's the train episode in season 2 of #greysanatomy. I don't know how I am going to make it through :((
Cute outfits!
Pianist Ray Bryant R.I.P.
We'll be starting this year's #Cannabis Freedom #March at 11am in Volunteer Park! Come join us!
oh the Tater Tots. SO good, right? I can't get enough of them!!
Hey a bets a bet. Papa Manzos or case of beer. I'd go case of beer if I was you.
Heading to NC on a quick flight to close a potential business deal
The opening of , Persian food and ice cream in westwood, and successfully installing Collective Access =
Niggaz Is Really Mad, Smh Get A Grip
This is (or will be in a couple of years) a nanotech bracelet w/health sensors on inside & air sensors on outside, powered by body heat.
Hence, trash! For me the low point was Diamonds Are Forever. I've recently seen the "good" ones; thus, I'm dumpster diving!
can I get a birthday reply/retreat from The Iatola of RockinRolla? Goldberg still fears you!
coming up with a name is harder than i thought!!
Dat 1 wok n I'll listen 2 it 2moro when I can pay more attention n I'll let u know my take
EXCITED RT": Which sketch group has eight thumbs and is releasing their next sketch on this Sunday? This sketch group!"
is on point with their music today
I actually had the first 8 of my top 10 listed when I realized it might b impolitic to omit someone. Obviously you are in top 5!
Donald Ray Pollacks' creeps are monsters in his books Knockemstiff and The Devil All the Time.
what's your number? I lost it..
Great movie!
He knows who is # 1 fan is, ME !!! stop being a hater,Aaron dont like that
Y do the same movie come on tv ? All the time... Like play somethin new lol I've seen star trek an hairspray 10 time each already smh
what's the drink of choice this time??
HOW DO YOU RESPOND TO HIM WHEN IM TRYING TO GET YOU ON CHAT!!!!! *TANTRUM*****
Going home early>
Remember life and the game is long.
28 school days til graduation and about 54 days til i move back to California.
TONY HAWK MEETS ANGRY BIRDS - running boards
#iOS update finished. #kiddori is still running like a champ. :-)
RT : P.S. Cupcakes are OK at Chernobyl. #FYI <--Good to know.
the negative of going to school in Lubbock
"Hey, what's the pussy like on the east side of the Hamptons..." (while piss drunk) -Rube Sheeber
I love you!
Every time I give public speeches I come home with stacks of questions to answer. Five upcoming chances to ask me yours:...
just read it i just finished the biggest can lol
is it friday yet?
#nce11 ravitch: accepting uncredentialed educators takes us back to early 19th century
When i get home from school, the first thing i look for is food
RT this if you love cupcakes and the
Thank you for listening Atria!
Weather at Carmel is a bit chilly! But the scenes are beautiful!
this has been a crazy ass match so far
Time to relax and kick my feet up
We went and checked out last night. We definitely enjoyed their diminished ham jams. Hopefully they'll come play in TN with us!
Announcing Twitter Chat - Friday, April 20 from 10 - 11 am EST! #CDCEarthDay make sure you going the conversation
You guys wanna go back & get some?!
Thank you for the RT
My contacts feel like sandpaper. Its great.
TODAY: 's 1st Annual College Radio Awards, 5:00pm. Student Center Basement at the UClub.
"how to" should have been inserted--it's not obvious to them. So, agenda.
: Obviously. I should have slammed him.
sitting at doing some studying before heading back to knoxville. Nothing like a good cup of coffee!
Man they tryna make us fall as vitcoms of the system ...
thanks for showing me around Vegas NYE weekend! I will definitely be in touch when ready to buy a condo in Vegas!
Why aren't the refs wearing red jerseys? The no call on Zeller and then the call on Darius back to back prove it.
Woke up early this morning feeling too good. beats me
RT : Monday is Morrone. Tuesday Anu Apte from Seattle's Rob Roy. Who wants to be our guest at Hog & Rocks Wed - Fri?
Normal Fan at a Justin Bieber concert: "Wow! HE'S SO AMAZING!" Me: "OMG! I'M IN THE SAME ROOM AS HIM! WE'RE BREATHING THE SAME AIR!"
k thanks
M! Brownies!
That jhonny rockets burger was too good
More big words?
please follow ? (:
6/1/2012 will be a big new beginning toward that effort.. ;)
Saw & Timothy today :)
southern california is loved by triathletes for its all year ideal training conditions
The Brits, like the Americans- are a miserable, vulgar people. I miss Ireland.
I feel like I haven't been there in so long? Maybe training camp??
What do you love about summer in #NYC?
Thank you Ben <3
the older episodes are so much better. :l
#20ThingsAboutMe I can't even tolerate people with a shitty attitude.
Pretty good! Nice Voice
Seriously cannot wait for Friday.
Looking for Seattle Rock bands interested in playing a show to raise funds for Make A Wish. This will be an all ages show and part of a Film
If you're ever interested in working out together, let me know. Getting lean is what I do!
Tonight is pint night and trivia!! Come see us:) and just a reminder we r open on thanksgiving at 6 pm!
jealous! Where at?
True fact: Big Diomede owned by Russia. Little Diomede owned by US. One mile apart. Could walk from one to the other in the winter.
Good Morning Mr. President!
HOLY CRAP! We start shooting "Sadie" in ONE WEEK! Rehearsals, Costume fittings and HMU Test today with the cast.
sleep would be nice...
It was nice catching the last half of my Varsity Lady Patriots soccer game. #goodoledays #missy'all
#Milwaukee is such a beautifully diverse city! In #2012 Brew City will do great things!
Let your friends know that we're bringing it old school.
Let it snow Let it snow LET IT SNOW!!!!
Who's 3rd in MLB in OBP? You guessed it...... AJ Ellis.
“: I'm pretty sure that I'd be offended if Justin Bieber showed up at my door, with Proactive!” YES <U+E412>
Tutoring == my most fulfilling job E.g.: Tutee: It compiled! Me: Yay! T: High five! M: *single tear* She learned to high-five good code!
Just finished watching the Finale of #DesperateHousewives loved it! So happy Lynette and Tom got back together!
Aww, nostalgia! (On a Dulles people-mover)
Ignorance is king, many would not prosper by its abdication.
And the countdown begins.... <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
In the process of updating the blog :)
#indenial #justcaughtupwithsleep [I just got the list of books I'll need for my multicultural materials class- pumped! :) ]
Callers with personal stories about bullying.
I didn't sing at all man Ms.Spann could've waited
What a crazy few days of photo shoots, auditions and rehearsals! I see a mini-cation in my near future! :D
: definitely can dig that... Give me days you think would be optimal & I definitely can shoot to plan for it.
can we be best friends?
I'm wondering what effect this will have on Rondo..
Great quote. RT : "A man must make his opportunity, as oft as find it." - Francis Bacon
I have so many tabs open on my computer, it's like a sorority in a bar!
thanks for bringing them by. Every bit helps
Congratulations to Nickolas A. DeCecco Professor Marlin Mickle, who recently won the Ted Williams award in electrical engineering.
Goodnight! I bet it's going to be amazing! <3
hi hoe are u
I WILL CUT YOU
TOO CUTE FOR WORDS!!!!
You've got your vices and I've got mines
And we're off!
I will explain tomorrow.
The atmosphere was good last night too between cubs and brewers fans. At least where I was.
Great production and art direction in that halftime, but Madonna is a muppet, right?
We're thinking about what we can do for the community to recognize Earth Day this year... maybe a free community document shredding day.
The cult of celebrity is cognitive shit running through the bowel of the intellect. - Stephen King
Happy #Spring!! With the beautiful weather here, we'll be spending time outdoors working on our nature
Starbucks ice cream <3
off beat time step combos? Interesting...
At Dulles waiting to board. Appears that state dept helped with deisgn of Intl terminal -- a tribute to capitalism
Shaucete from Dixie of Hopkinsville, KY I adopted Shaucete, a shepherd mix puppy, from the shelter at the age of 7 weeks,out of 7 puppies
ehow is the new about dot com
The comments about race in the casting of The Hunger Games just proves how much we need more diversity in science fiction/fantasy.
I appreciated Twitter so much more after hearing that a homeless man found his daughter he hadn't talked too in 11 years on here. awh :D
Where to for next spring's Girls Getaway? Must have great: beach, spa, food, gym, pool. Open for suggestions!
It is the best thing ever in my book! We are pacing 30 accepted this month!
lol, love the randomness
I followed them:)
RT : So true. > thanks, how are you?
"I don't eat meat"=neutral statement of fact. "I don't eat flesh"=sanctimonious and judgmental. You will not make friends or win converts.
Good Morning NYC! Nice weather and it's Friday :) Best to all people out there today!
I'm sorry but some people drive like complete idiots. Who allowed you to get a drivers license? *smh*
GO BLUE
uh huh. U got to be up bright and early
Yo, you on the road with Saul Williams? Friend of mine has tix for upcoming Portland date.
thanks for the mention!
right? i just really hope the rumor is true & we get tickets<3
I sure hope so!
IM BOUT TO CHANGE MY AVI ITS BEEN A WHILE
happy monday!
I will agree that there are certain members of the electorate that are easily distracted. Like the dog in Up! SQUIRREL
haha I meant vs #Bulls lol
Right back atcha kid.
#Warrior one of the best movies ever!! Dare I say I like it more than #Rocky!
Just hooked up twitter to fb...I'm so IN!
so sad. Will he be the next Bachelor....?
sweat baby sweat thats what life is all about<3 <U+2605><U+2605><U+2605>
Pools open! !
I have a FB friend that does this. She writes "Ima get a job any day now!" She's currently applying to PhD programs. :-(
Follow me! is a Awsome account related to Porn!;P
aww I love you! thank you <3 my favvvv
Every episode of Mad Men makes me more obsessed than the last! This is the first season where I've watched multiple episodes twice.
im doing a music video to unfriend you.
Does working out count if you're using Mountain Dew as a thirst quencher?
Phone conversation where no matter what I said,you listened (:
FUUUU. I don't know where my first period is -____-
My vagina hurts -.-
"More room on the mantle for the bigger trophies." - , on winning life, but not literally winning everything.
last week of school before finals. i can do this.
see you soon! Is the patio open?
thanks for the reply jacob. what are your plans for the holidays?
Buying CTA passes for TR clients who have met their weekly goals.
I DON'T SAVE PEOPLES NUMBERS........ **WHO CHANGE IT EVER 2 WEEKS**
try to see vidulgi ooyoo and apollo 18 (both korean bands)!
Right. It's just weird hearing everyone talk about how bad he is when there are, obviously, much worse people to talk about.
because I used to talk to everyone and be apart of most stuff. I quit for a while and there are all these new parodies.
New classes forming now for AllerTrain. AllerTrain K12 also off and running! Thrilled.
lol we've missed you guys so much how's it goin over there?
Bring him too! ;) RT : I wanna go!! And I have that week off - but my hubby would divorce me :(
If "Children are our future" why do they keep cutting funding for education? This must Change.
SO happy for Paige that she finally rocked it and got 1st place!! #dancemoms She was amazing. And Jill can suck it, Kendall nvr placed
I've been studying rather diligently for AP Stats, I think I've earned the right to watch the last few minutes of the Heat game.
how have u been I miss tweeetinq you. :)
hey sexy
Blowing game 1 of this series was crippling for the #Grizzlies. Changed the whole mentality of the series.
You are my hero... How are you, buddy?!? Still #BringingManBack? Let's hang out one of these days- Damn good shows coming up!
I was employed full time in unrelated field before starting PhD. Was delighted & terrified to return to university!
We will be rockin the Asian Festival May 28 & 29 at Franklin Park. Bulgogi BBQ, chicken BBQ, spicy pork BBQ and more!
2 equipped device will be able to send videos, audio, and photos to their big TV screen
Did a unit in May with a class in Texas. made presentations together
How great would it be if Chelsea loses the CL final, then finishes 5th in the Premier League, missing out on the CL entirely next year :)
"Through our inattention, we wasted years we should have used to prepare for lessened oil supplies. The next 10 years are critical."
Make it so. cc
I just got to second base with a stranger. She was quick, yet memorable.
have breakfast at "Smut & Eggs" it's awesome!
Headed to Ryan Correctional Center in Detroit to speak with the Inside Outside theory group. Very excited!
Check your email.
i agree! we still need that saw marathon
You can talk bad about me, throw sand in my eye, spit in my face. But remember one thing... Sometime tonight you will have to go to sleep...
I hate when people say dead celebrities would agree with them. They might mature over time. Or be total jerks. Or maybe they'd still be dead
Me too! RT : I'm cheap “: Any undrafted free agents you think the Chargers should look at? Tweet us. #ChargersDraft”
2011.07.06 #Brewers 3 #Diamondbacks 1 | Back in win column / McGehee socks the game winner / demons exorcised?
thank you for organizing Relay for Life GU event I really appreciate it !
Hey, stop reading this! >:[ jk, I can't stay mad at you.
So glad you could make it!
: RT : we want to see at the warped tour this year!
Watching sexy ass get his half sleeve done. M so damn sexy.
I keep on tellin em but they dont wanna listen...
:) doing fine here, hope you're well
If man has no tea in him, he is incapable of understanding truth and beauty. ~Japanese Proverb
Let the love of Christ shine bright! for it's with lovingkindness that the world will be drawn to!
motivated please my stuff is custom
follow me please:)followed
We have a real old fashiony turntable set up in the shop. Right now playing The Beatles: Revolver, on vinyl.
": people don't believe me."basically people don't like 49ers around here! Haha
Is it weird that I'd rather see what celebs wear on the daily than what they wear on the red carpet? Style isn't an annual event.
Did you know...If 7% of the world's Christians adopted ONE child, there would be no orphans in the world.
The greater the digression, the stronger the progression!
Stay Committed & Consistent and you will achieve your goals.
“ Yep, I think I may have a reason to holla tonight @ Vixen”< Bol...spencer ur a mess.
I kind of figured, but appreciate it all the same. Need to see presence at Hackathons in the Midwest!!!
yeah I'm alone :( lol fuck
really impressed that oob performance of randomForest is out performing quite a bit of parameter tuning in an svm for classification proj
Are you lulled into complacency yet? Just asking...
I have been eating all day today..so not good but Im not stoppin. #TEAM IM SKINNY BUT I EAT!
My picks for tonights UFC on FOX main card? Nate Diaz, Johnny Hendricks, Rousimar Palhares and Pat Barry.
we might be stretching the limits of twitter but let's have a debate on this some time!
Ignorance has become a commodity
lol dude dont break up your comment into 100000 little comments
oh I thought you were because it's the Sixers.
"Welcome to a day if higher education."
But it's okay bc it's the start of vaaacaaay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Working in St.Pete Beach FL this week - if you live in cold climes consider coming on down & hitting our wonderful beaches, fab weather, fun
Dedication: RANDY & MARIE SUNERA, Thank you. Love, your family
Christmas tradition time: The Grinch (classic) and wrapping!
what are you wearing with them?
This is coming from the field
thanks love :)
Would love to catch a Phoenix game soon!
And don't you want to do it while drinking deep plum blossom and belladonna tea? :D
whats up with the music though anything new?
Theres a white homeless lady telling all the mexicans to fuck off. im just laughin.c:
read dmacs timeline he just addressed it
Cutie comes up to me on my jog today, thought he was going to compliment me, turns out my dog shit on his lawn :( -Casey
DH is stuck out of town, so I guess I'll have to eat this gingerbread all by myself.
I wanna go to the zoo ._.
I've enjoyed having this week off.
Wonderful day thus far at Northwestern; looking forward to panel with
thank you and just send me links so I can RT or push.
Ready to see the Celtics lose again
I really am crying that he got eliminated
they were phenomenal!!
I love Bluestockings! Tonight's reading/panel sounds awesome!
The tension when some1 had beef with some1 in the lunch... than spill out came, shit got wild >>>
I mean I can try but I work every night this weekend til like 12
You're welcome! :)
thanks J!
I have the best friends ever
farming them retweets again you faggot
Plzzzzzz follow she needs followers she loves kim kardashian so much support kim:))
Oh man day 2 was incredible. I can hardly wait for tomorrow! Go see on the #blackwatch stage to cap the night!
Calia, back on the stand, recalls that #DiMasi was confused by the Globe's 2008 inquiry into his relationship to Cognos.
haha your fucken crazy but this is exactly why I love you!
Bouta get my hur done again ... Loll
I just sang #SaySomethin in the shower. Yee<3
I know right?! Definitely IMAX worthy.
Oh Crud!!! I MISSED MY 5,000 TWEET! D: anways i dedicate it too my BEST ICONic FRIEND Cuz shes always there for me :)
but what about Keynes remark about the long run?
The tougher the challenge- the bigger the reward. Remember: determination, hard work, and perseverance are the backbone of success!
Yeah. PhD's kinda mean that. You didn't answer my question about Rush. In u'r theory, was he in on it or not?
I didn't care what Kirk Cameron thought about gay marriage 25 years ago.
thanks for making a profile! Just featured it.
virtually useless “: How would you rate as a tool for measuring effectiveness/relationship building? #shehechat”
I woke up way to early lol. Work
Last weekend before the end of Spring Break!This has been a nice and relaxing week off!Ready to get back to our first rounds of STAAR test!
Not sure, to tell the truth.
Let me send it to you.
I will not honor Valentines Day until woman honor Steak and BJ Day
think positive for those of us that Believe please Birthday boy:p
We should have a watch party some time.
aww :/ i go to sleep early so it comes quicker!xx
#Nuggets need to save some for Saturday. No #Lakers come back tonight!
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
happy tuesday value everyday that u are out free living life everyday!
Kansas is having a bout of California weather. Beach Day! Oh, wait....
: Thanks belatedly for the #ff!
RT : I'll give away two pair of tickets to the Clyfford Still Museum between 8 and 9 this morning. Monika & David have some...
PLEASE SHUT THE HELL UP! Justin Bieber is not gonna follow you! GIVE UP ALREADY!
Looking forward to my #timemanagement program today. Jan is a great time to form new habits (like Daily Action Planning!)
I'm aware lol there's a guy who flies by every morning at like 5 I think he knows it wakes me up so he does it to piss me off
Cooking for my baby brings me pleasure. Tonight: cornish hens, brown rice, broccoli, & sweet potatoes.
he's not following me
Free agency starts today,as usual the Steelers will be innocent bystanders.
Hey girl, I'm retaking my math on tuesday... Wish me luck!
Looking forward to the Hold Steady show at the Mohawk tonight.
We have an official date for GIS in the Rockies 2012: September 20th & 21st, at the Cable Center in Denver!
totally and good finds...
#ArentYouTiredOf disrespecting females?
Why blame #mikebrown???!! THE PLAYERS PLAY, they decided THEIR fate! Win or lose
RT : Q2 via <U+200E>: Any tips for being able to sleep better in those uncomfortably seats on planes or buses?
you and the rest of 1D have come so far , im soo proud of you .. ily guys
You're at Disneyland a lot...
Agreed! ": Great meeting people like at the Legislative Forum in #Tallahassee #HIE"
Time for sleep, methinks..
thank you!
Today is a good day lol
Listening to Jason Aldean in the morning
#userfocus part of professional development as IAs needs to include "refocusing" and "reframing" per Morville
People hold on to memories because unlike people, they never change. :)
Tony Stark
hey check out and
Waiting to hear Ray Kurzweil speak
You're welcome!
Chinese food #sex lol
We ate dinner at 7 last night, now we are at ihop at 9 in the morning. That means i havent eaten anything in 14 hours.
Scouting with Coach David Dennis
Welcome 2 the team!! Glad 2 have u as a
I want to livetweet I Know What You Did Last Summer but I just... can't. Unless you want to talk about Freddie Prinze Jr.'s eyebrows.
LOL Me too! RT : feel free to type my name...
the cinnamon pretzel sticks i just had were so god !
I hate that I always love the shows that get canceled. Do I love bad tv? Probably.
waitin for my boo to get here <3
that's Cool Blue. He's the coolest.
as uw fan utthoff thing is gross BUT unlike most coaches bo does not run under performing players out of program. See crean, izzo
I already downloading it to my Windows Phone 7 via zune. Listening now.
Kudos to Eddie North-Hager, a great rep for USC in many ways://shar.es/geXHJ
Accidentally tried to give directions to West Village fixture Laurie Anderson, who was helping two Swedish tourists. She was not amused.
lol.yeah it still happens,difference is that nowadays it might end up in gunfire.
Doing nothing all day can be rather exhausting.
Madison Ironman gave me new appreciation for mind over matter. congrats to all that competed
WORST day ever.
#ChevySonic wish u existed when I was 16& buying my first car! Maybe I would have been cool!
Happy Thanksgiving! Watch out for those Turkey ghosts haunting you...
I'm sitting here waiting for his call so it's like when other people call I get a little annoyed..
Totally deserved, no doubt. The universe is a vengeful bitch. :)
cool…I'm getting one today!
Awesome, i have a black eye.
good luck my friend!!! Xo
RT : Our agency FruitZoom is getting a new name plus brand & site refresh! Stay tuned! So excited!!
any good updates to the My Little Pony boyfriend question? Haven't checked it since that night
Mary Stuart Hunter of University of South Carolina on Creating and Developing Learner-Centered Classrooms at
no film in particular. Just a general comment.
yeah! and it's not a billion miles away! great job !!
Ty for kindness! I liked & retweeted your tweet & connected with FB - only with other pic- with sweet dog. Ty. ...Bella
?When you are sharing your joy, you don<U+FFFD>t create a prison for anybody-u simply give
Ugh, today is a bust.
The Internet heard us talking. It wanted me to give you this: "What, Exactly, Is a Manic Pixie Dream Girl?"...
haha your racist
I want a better body <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
call me maybe<3
I hate body pains :(
The strength of the knot is what we were discussing.
But on another note I'm out. Goodnight Twitter!!!!!!
“: Sometimes the best thing to do is nothing at all.” AGREE!
Don't forget to #vote today in the Wisconsin Recall Primary Election!!
oh lol...ice been there once
I need followers bro
So excited! As a founding board member for new blended model charter in Indpls, submitted application this week to IN Charter School Board.
All the Lakers fans on my TL have finally shut up. I guess you can't talk shit when you're losing by 30 points.
Tuesdays seem to be the move kind of have to work around--> schedule. What's good chef?
I kinda wanna do a sport
Love my #Amexcard !
Why, thank you! RT You are fantastic! No reason to be nervous!! You look very cancerous :)
Stage-1 HTML5 offline reading working on free short story Nor Iron Bars A Cage. Try on Safari, Android, Chrome, Opera. Tweet back results.
Time for a good hot shower!!!
We haven't updated our links in awhile on our right nav. If your a local spot that wants to be included, let us know!
@ 404 San Felipe St. NW in Old Town Albuquerque
this is actually my first time watching it. I wanna watch it every week now haha
wished i could had gone,but i had to work that night:/ i heard it was awesome!(: congrats!(:&thanks for coming to eagle eye!:)
There's nothing wrong with you! There's actually so much right with you that God didn't make many to match you!
Bout To Be Time To Bring Them Tank Tops Out Though , lol !
Fat boy on a diet: DON'T TRY IT.
She said "concentration camp skinny" SMH!!!
I wonder what would happen if we never even met?
My rent check still hasn't be cashed. I think that means free rent.
Love God, Love neighbors, say goodbye to self......... got it.
Sweet. Keep me posted, I'll keep the evening open.
What city do you live in?
Congrats to WildOrchids09
Finally saw Bridesmaids last night. Loved the glamorous helicopter shots of...Milwaukee's three tall buildings.
what the fuck is caution? Often i leave you flossin in KAWS. exes next to coffins
Swirl of the day is Chocolate Strawberry Cheesecake Crunch: Strawberry froyo with cheesecake bites, cone pieces, & chocolate fudge.
TODAY AT 4pm 's Mayoral Candidates to participate in community conversation on LGBT Human Rights Issues bit.ly/d648C6
Don't believe what the media tells you
#MorganFreeman states every great jazz must master the blues.
I'm actually not asking for myself its for a friend and we need quick relief so non prescription only
Just made me smile! RT : You don't need to explain your dreams. They belong to you. via
87 rocks! Last year it was 103...bearable but just a tad bit warm!
Unemployed Portlander plans to promote solidarity for Wall Street by selling "Occupy Portland" T-shirts at tomorrow's event for $45.
New Colts coach will be, Jerry Gray.
JR with the WallyBanger dunk!
Thx for the #FF from a fellow email marketer!
I don't know.
thanks! RT : Follow as a Resource to Be informed and Take action against issues that affect your community!!!
Chicago allergy sufferers: Do you know of any good deals on megapacks of Zyrtec or Claritin D? I need a new stash.
Currently looking up random people's prom pictures on instagram and commenting on them..
Best show on TV! : Yes, has been renewed! with the news.
Upgrade Your Online connectivity Using a Cable Modem Wireless- modem and wireless router
Buffalo is the place to be....especially UB's center for the arts
that's what time I woke up so somewhere around in there
you're pretty awesome too chica
Awesome that you're gonna film soon! I'm totally jealous. Hope it's all coming together well!!!
Im Just Gonna Say Your Black. Haha. When You Gave Me Ur Number I Put "Jaime.. Mexican"
Torchwood Season 2 done. Pretty good, hope the rest of the series is as good. Question: how do these guys make $$$ or fund their resources?
My parents are the best in the world. I never want them to leave.
when are you leaving?!
I hope it is a good one. I remember when I was still a teenager, haha. :3 *snuggles*
"don't re-nig" lmao. ignorance is real.
yes Chris, I will be there, but maybe also in LA. But in June in NYC. You, let me know, we must meet finally!Happy to meet!
We're announcing details about what we think is a pretty cool contest tomorrow. Stay tuned.
at least you've got a mom nice enough to car shop for ya! ;-)
We'll have the latest flip-flop from "The Donald".. this time regarding someone who changed gender. News8
Why is Harry called Hazza exactly?
I am very appreciative of our connection and am looking forward to strengthening the communication!
Race car driver is not in my top 4. There it is, the word "memories" when talking about auto racing. He won't win.
Trying to make sense of the new Evan's Blue, they lost the distinctive sound but still sound pretty tight.
Here we go Mavs..... HERE WE GO!
thx very much for the follow. Happy to reciprocate. Looking fwd to your posts. Cheers!
veterans! also RT : It's great to see and on the same panel at #ignition2011!
So excited to spend my birthday week training with and
#loex2012 R Brian Stone's slides, videos, brain, and professional voice are amazing.
Just got in a fight guess who won lol!!
Ex 27462 of 's selfishness. "... she took that away from me." -- Bri's marriage. Crazy, it's NOT about U!
Thank you so much my love! You'll be missed tonight!
It makes us smile too! Thanks for the tweet pic!
no thanks!
we rock the boat poesidon
Hey Beautiful. Just added Nom Yum & Free to our album of OBABYBOTs! Have you seen the new additions?
Thanks so much! Looking forward to meeting you!!
I just don't get why my mom would want me to take her..
at least your year is almost over :)
you're still gonna watch it
The guy that wrote "You Light Up My Life" killed himself, irony!
Only if I can pick up, like, 24 of them at once.
#dear14YrOldSelf if she smokes she pokes
3:00. you gonna be around man?
now I'm just waiting for my dad to get of the computer...
There is a texting etiquette.
P.A.Y.S. RANGERS' LITTLE LEAGUE GAME IS AT 2PM FORREST PARK FIELD 3!!!
Sad day today for music fans the world over. One of the great voices of all time passed today. We'll miss you Etta James.
“: BScott said he benched center Tristan Thompson in 2nd half. TT finished with as more fouls (4) than points (3).”
I feel so ugly today, WHY!?
haha! I can't wait to see it!
The later I'm up the more horny I get. An I be up till like 5
that picture sucks
Aw girl I want to!
A Tupac sex tape has surfaced. Think I just threw up a little bit.
That was way too gud
Of what?!
ER with leg pain - patient with mental health issue screaming, why not move her? Hospital needs to treat sensitive patients more
Had a dream last night that I met #PrinceWilliam hahaha. He's really tall!!
You can't do that shit bro.
Thanks for sharing! Yes, we agree. Powerful.
well damn "chill" lmao dont get started
Wine night with my main bitch yes !:)))
Girls in front of me in calc lecture playing life on their ipad.
also follow me some more
You funny bitch you!
thanks for spreading the love! facebook.com/justjawaan
We all grown up playing Monopoly. Having fun doe family time
#f8 timeline reminds me of Intersect.com, bummer for them.
The only real training for leadership is leadership
S.I.F.- Scratching Is Fundamental... ok im gonna go read a book now.
Think long term.
#ificantakebackonething how much would I get?
Get your long overdue oil change beforr you hit the road this summer
I deleted that a long time ago! Haha.
Going to tonight for a belated birthday celebration... so many good reviews, can't wait!! Thanks :)
SEE! Lol it works like a charm!
Thanks for the quality tweets
Where in China did you go? Was it hot and humid at this time?
I like the way you think.
Thanks for the follow and the like of my writing school. I will check out your blog. :-)
Oh, you like latinas then! Cool!
I hurt you, i feel bad, i lost you, i miss you. Life isn't the same without you.
RT : Good (but maybe unenforceable) guideline for kids & screentime: Spend twice as much time creating as consuming
DeadPro plays tomorrow night at Cosmic Charlies!
i miss you girl! we should go shopping or something soon! dm me(=
Dear benevolent dictator, Phase 1 is now complete America is now prepared for your Ascendancy to President, Proceed to Phase 2
One hopes. :)
My thoughts and prayers are with the family of Stacie Paul tonight.
Are you trying to viralize your business messages? Tell me...
well thanks for the follow! Downtown love right back atcha!!
Baseball players dont care about my health, so I don't care about theirs. Someone wants to hit 60hrs, juiced?Good.do it for my entertainment
In business and in life, so often we simply do not have because we do not ask. Be bold this week and ask for great things!
It takes 3 umps to watch replay? You're kidding me right...
&#39;Dancing with the Stars&#39; week 4 recap: Who impressed on Rock Week?
IMMORTALS, A MUST C, ESPECIALLY IN 3D
thanks for the hospitality today. Looking forward to a prosperous, creative relationship together. Have a great weekend guys!
great recap Brittany!
Hey I heard you're looking for a good time ;) hit me up
Is there anything in Miami that I should really check out while I'm here? I think I may have sunday off :)
#thingsthedevilinvented political parties
i want rachel berry's closet
Awww thanks! That'd be great!
My life will never be the same
Would love to see a story sometime about working with bullies & parents of bullies, and causes/genesis of the bullying - Thanks!
So people should work for free? That's ridiculous. You imply that someone is taking that revenue to the bank, but its reinvested
Child no. 4 is on the way. Due date is Oct. 13.
Still in shock over being in the bottom 2 AGAIN, while boring old Melissa was safe.
The ESA is seeking to recruit members for the ESA-ESICM Outcome Measures Task Force .
Thanks for the re-tweets and mentions!
congrats Kate. It's gonna be weird not having the den girls around next year!
is it tonight yet?
Headed to Tempe to visit the Arizona State University Libraries!
Planning to learn a bunch of new tech-y stuff in 2012. HTML5 through & other stuff through #codeyear. Pretty excited about it!
Awawhwh! Definitely, I would love to meet you and do all of those things together, like AMEN to that! xoxo<U+2665>
THE BEST WERE THE GIANTS WHO BEAT THE 49ERS! ALSO, THE PACKERS HAD THE BEST RECORD IN THE NFL!
Wait so is Ann Curry's extended vacation time also about her being fired?
So cool! That's my Facebook quote :)
Homeland had an amazing first season! LOVED it!!
We both already messed up. .-.
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld is Friday :-) love them
RT : Tune in to on today to see some exciting developments with our Will Ferrell campaign!
If we can conquer space, we can conquer childhood hunger. - Buzz Aldrin
If it makes you feel better, you responded to my email right away and fabulously. No email fail. x
Eh, that's okay. It's a Sunday night and I'm on summer break. Nothing else to do
GETTTUUUPPPPP INBERTWEENERS FOURTH SERIES BEING MADE.
- James- I actually spelled ICE T like the drink-know why? Nestor and ICE T were so cool (kewl) in the interview!
If you give me a shout out I will be very happy :)
ok so maybe they will get swept if they keep playing like this
Quadshot espresso is best served as Venti or Grande? Hm...decisions, decisions...
Thanks for the follow! If you ever need a composer...
Lol looks festive
#OMG i cant beleave my eyes #OMG i just got a suprise **)
last day on set, first time eating #chipotle. success.
how gay was dad tonight?
Now that the holidays over, many people are looking to work on their home. What is the next project you plan to tackle on your home?
Subject change? Yes!
so glad to see you on twitter!
It's Spring I get it...But enough w/all this rain already!
niggas that say, "Pussy aint got no Face" is basically saying.. I'll Fuck ANYTHING!
Seoul is tweeting like mad today
The really low, rumbling bass during the bridge in Talk That Talk gets me every time. :')
There are lots of famous Lola's but this one is the only one worth remembering #FollowFriday (via )
Love your food!
If you're goin to Heaven maybe I could hitch a ride, my only way in Heaven is to sneak in thru the side
Phaedra's going straight to hell
its people that only go to "packed" clubs that don't know how t party lol I'm bottle poppin so I'm good
Big fan of Microsoft's tools: MDT, MDOP, etc. ^RB
Looking forward to tonight's BMANYC event. Join us on Twitter for real-time updates at
dude awesome! Gonna be there in about 2 weeks with film!!! Aw yeah have fun man.
you home? I can drop off the money ball.
What are the technologies that have disrupted the way we do things? #DIETribes #blend12 Discuss.
no, the baby monkey song is more than popular in my house. I think it is of the devil. Anything that catchy must be.
Interested in a possible follow up on the poker story with Prescreen? We're also featuring the film when it comes out.
On my second absinthe drink. I may bang a tree soon.
take it, it works...but don't know how healthy it is.
Great fun random night! And Charles Barkley bought us drinks. Doubt I'll ever get to say that twice.
Having way to much fun enjoying this nice weather!!!!
Lakers Win Braves Win Now we need a W from our Hawks
um haha, sorry
Got out quicker than planned. Proteun Bar here I come!
It's just me. I'm missing my team meeting right now.
That awkward moment when you don't know two people have broken up and you ask one of them where the other one is.
What, you can't fix a computer using only the power of your mind yet? Sheesh.
but u already have your knees
Having lunch with my mom!
ATTENTION 'S #GREATESTADVENTURE DROPS SATURDAY MAY 12TH FOR ALL WHO ARE INTERESTED IN BOOKING HIM CONTACT
#Imagine Austin: Close your eyes.You: Okay *closes eyes* Austin: Now what do you see? You: Nothing. Austin: Well, that's my life without you
twittervile SugarCreek Golf n Tennis club is having a Sizzler Tennis Tournament on Aug.7-9 in Dec,Georgia com support Tennis in city ATL!!!!
What's your favorite part about weekends? Sleeping in? No work? Something else?
Kobe is just too smooth with that j
12-Page Paper....DONE! Thank you and coffee for getting me through.
following would like codes :]
did u wacth the brits awards
that was bullshit
Hey Madison: Come to the Staff Development Committee program: Librarian's Tour of Germany Recap TODAY Memorial Library Commons 1-2:30pm
I would hate to have people watching my every move, and not being able to do the things I want cause it influences so many others.
and I are making some big changes to accommodate my allergies. We are hoping for good health and new adventures :)
Had a great time at the Miranda Lambert concert last night. Thanks !
well played Jim... Well played... :)
You are the only one who's bet really seen me
whats good T you guys coming to new york it would be sick to meet you when you come over here..would make my 21st bday awesome!
today's vinyl purchases, part 1: propaganda 10", sitar beat!, zappa valley girl 7"
hee :) You blew your chance to propose!! ;)
You better be getting some fitness along with temple run!
Challenge was cool in hotlanta.
Wade time
LOLOL. My aunt is making my cousin buy me another Justin poster cause he drew on mine. Haha
we love Les Givrals!
Just handed Kraig Karson Lil Wayne's "Green & Yellow" to debut on KISS-FM, so turn up your radio's this songs is hott & we're gonna bang it!
i really wanna fuck Mikey & Nick they're just fuckable boyz
I doubt it! How are you?
What do U want? No; really—what do YOU want? Not what somebody else said; but what's in UR heart. When U know that, then U can have it. ~RM
thanks for coming last night! Your support is immensely appreciated.
Congrats to UK men's tennis for getting the overall #6 seed in the NCAA Tournament and hosting a regional. UofL and IU also in region.
hahhahaha love it! Can't wait till summer we will be going wild !
lmao I love you girls. Omg. FRY DAY!!
Just saw cute couple working on Indy Living crossword Taste.
June 5? Ha no boo :o
because i hate city, he was wrong in what he did, and deserves to be banned and even sacked xx
PTBNL are almost always minor leaguers who are not on 40 man roster
This has been a HUGE week for ! 10 Sponsors, 3 Bands & Tickets went on Sale. Couldn't have done it without your help! Thanks!
Yes I am! When is your gig?
OMG to the Vampire Diaries season finale! All I gotta say... Love this show!
“: In fundraising email #RonPaul asks supporters to donate to #MN campaign for Senate” Elect #Liberty lovers!
Well, you're so busy changing the world, just one smile can change all mine.
wants pancakes for breakfast tomorrow, but isn't sure she's willing to go out into the early morning cold and snow to get them.
no idea i just got here
I'm not good at finishing things, but I sure do love an adventure.
thanks Dee how you doing?
Jealous of girls night-_-
Hazing our new GM Dan Duquette today by making him review our farm system. He has to drink a shot every time he cries.
Really looking forward to the Lakers/Clippers game tomorrow night. It should be a great one>>GO CLIPPERS
You know your roots when at the Mexican food place, they serve you limes halved with a squeezers.
The GAB voted to deny the challenge to the "fake" candidates, allowing them on the recall ballot.
Tomorrow is the last day to get $100 off a set!
First time I see my mom's job,not so bad it has Wifi!!!!!
no problem! Thanks for reading!
How the fack are you supposed to pre order the Believe album? No wonder 10,000 people havent done it yet.
Love does not dominate; it cultivates. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Thanks for replaying the Federer/Djokovic French Open semifinal match! I missed it because I was at work. Loving this match!
I feel like I just found out my favorite love song was written about a sandwich.
These gas prices are freaking me out. In denial that I'm almost on empty and will have to shell out $50 a week for my little Corolla now.
Huge thanks to the team at for #AllAccess2012. What a great week. My heart is full!
Saturday it is!
The Devon Earl bootcut (thank you, !). You're right, maybe a little ankle cuff. Or just sweating in style :)
lol we met in December. See you for
An optimist stays up until midnight to see the new year in. A pessimist stays up to make sure the old year leaves. ~ Bill Vaughan
<U+FFFD>Don<U+FFFD>t worry; skills are cheap, passion is priceless
Bill Clinton's opening statement at Eye on Earth Summit ... "We are here because of a shared imperative to build a more sustainable world."
Bull strikes back.
Take care, thank you
So high
great article. Mind if we re-tweet and post on #Fulbright fb page?
Thank you for all your support and amazing gardens!
Layed out all day basically, and still don't think I got a tan. Yay!
don't we all!!
Kobe dnt want no part of the thunder
That picture is 300 people waiting for the author of Coraline
Hello gorgeous weekend!
just heard the full song #PRAY, and i must say, I'm in love
Subway then hittin up the gym!
May be catching Noesi's last start for a bit. Enjoy.
thank you for the RT
Ladies Night is tonight!!! Ladies enjoy 1/2 price drinks from 6pm-close! We also have Happy Hour 1/2 price wine, beer & sushi from 4-6pm!
just saw a vehicle w a room air conditioner stuck in its side and trimmed out w duct tape. and didn't have a camera.
starts on Sunday in the UK. Come see WGSN-Homebuildlife editor Ali Morris present our Sprng/Summer 2012 Macro Trends!
RT : Ubaldo left the ballpark. He told me he's feeling dizzy, a little sick. He said he should be able to make start tomorrow
Health is a state of complete physical, mental and social well-being, and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity.
Rather have a hot head then to have some cold feet
I agree with Rachel. How do I become an extra?!? I would kill to be a zombie in WWZ. Haha.
RT if u r a 80's baby
so I guess since he wont wake up early it shouldn't rain too bad
Something, something, something, hate monday, something, negativity, something.
Arms! Arms! Arms! Paul Taylor company looked good last night.
Cool Liz! Good luck with your panel!
anyone on? might finish this "Fuck Em" track real quick and put it up!
I would add fresh toasted corn muffin w/ butter to that list
That is so nice! I'm glad you enjoy my tweets!!
Happy birthday, chief! Hope you get the chance to sew some electronic doodads on some fabric thingies or otherwise have fun.
even so - it is so much easier to take electronic submissions - nothing to sort through.
Thanks. You too!
dude...so jealous please tell me how it is
"I just want to throw my phone away, find out who is really there for me." Part of Me - Katy Perry
Is dancing in the infield? RT at minor league game in Springfield mo its just like Lansing lugnuts
Take me on a hibachi date and I will give up my morals for the night.
I'd like to hear this RT: Thinking of doing a 30 min solo podcast tonight with the help of and codine
Math flow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Do you have any specials for 6/24 for 2 beds?
Chris Bosh is rattled up!!
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. But how strong you stand is what makes you.
As we watch Archie Goodwin, Alex Poythress, and Nerlens Noel play great basketball, Louisville fans are left to watch spring fball practice
you're welcome. I love stories like that. I have one of my own I need to write soon!
"It may be that those who do most, dream most." --Stephen Butler Leacock
Alright Diamondbacks! Making a big comeback on the Cards!
Coors light became the 2nd largest beer brand in America in 2011! RAISE A SILVER BULLET TO THAT!
Breakfast: Lake Quinault. Saw Big Cedar Tree. Lunch: Forks. Side trip, Cape Flattery. Dinner: Lake Crescent. Now: Port Angeles
I'm here too!
Miss Camai gthered over 30 Alaskan Natives in Platinum, AK to take a group photo holding a sign, "Stop Suicide". I want this to be in pprs.
Hi James - word is there will be hotel discounts at regiatration for
what can I say :) #rollingout of bed is on my resume. now that i think of it, should have a pajama day in the office!
Free coffee and food from Lavazza in my condo lobby this morning! Everything is coming up Milhouse!
Damico (Texas) loses in 3 sets at NCAA Singles Championship. Alex Leatu and her partner (Vandy) go down in first round of Women's Doubles.
I'm a firm believer in continuous improvement, both 4 me & those who work w/me. I make that clear 2 anyone who come 2 the sch.
It`s. Weird. How. The. Voice. In. My. Head. Pauses. When. I. Read. Things. Like. This.
I would love to help you "land" a deal at IAH!
Today at 5pm will have another H-U-G-E concert announcement!!!
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether you and
no time, dawg! Looks like we can't even do it until the 13th. First spoiler I hear lands someone a swift decapitation
I sure hope so! I've been taking voice lessons!!
RT I say is where the true geniuses work.
oh god so you didn't talk to him at all?
Cucumber and lemon are great when frozen and added to a water pitcher!
That one is crazy! With the soccer ball reference. Love that show. Ancient Aliens too.
Search us of #facebook and "like" what you see! It will hit app stores early next year!
On the hunt for your new fave #HappyHour drink? Look no further - #Fridays is now serving Hard #Cider!
Inactive users, spammers, general worthless tweets,
Remember, We’ve extended our Photo contest to this Friday, so get your entries in.
hey you going to derby???
My good friend Joe is flying to Milwaukee to get a haircut b/c his sister (his hair stylist) lives there now.
Just skyped awhile ago(: yeah be jealous!
WHO! What a play JJ!
I get a certain sense of delight when I hit 140 characters exactly without trying. I think it's because, for once, I'm coming in on budget.
RT : RT : office in Wisconsin is "temporarily closed" after small bomb explodes outside it.
thanks for following! Saw you are a O Brother fan. I got to see Alison Krauss this past wnkd and they sang Constant Sorrow!
Atlanta Yoga Center is (re)screening "Titans of Yoga" DVD this Fri, 7:30p....see you there!
SAME! Time flies! RT : Literally NOTHING in this world beats spending time with ! best friends trump everything:)
Let's not forget the Arctic Monkeys - Bet You Look Good ON THE DANCE FLOOR
Thank u for the follow love! :D It means a lot! \o/
Last year Crystal's appearance was such a blessing. This is just unbelievable.
Have a VERY HAPPY THanksgiving Tomorrow!
Paul Byron is wearing Pyatt's number... not cool!
both mingchen's twitter and the SD email have 37 at the end? why?
thanks for the mention!!
The Hummer limo is really the douche bag chariot.
thanks for the RTs!!
Finding "Jesus" in my grandma's address book.
Life is all about taking risks to get what you want.
Thanks, Steve. Four to go!
friends should be there for each other.. I can help you with that ;)
Can I get a follow back??
We'll start loading it up tomorrow or the next day. Homeless tubes no more!
Learned a lot about Braylon Edwards character w/in 48 hours:Classy:Doing the "Dougie" and blowing a .16 when you get pulled over for a DUI
Oh Jesus.
speed mentoring 4-5pm today in ballroom j. Missed the program & the boopsie app. Get the word out!
I know you're back in the bus. Better see you
Whatever it is, I'm taking the under.
Nice shirt..
God can use all of us, but He is waiting for our willingness. -Dr. Lee Roberson
see my dm
A hard head make's a soft azz belive that..peep game..
Austin's USTREAM.
Stop by Camos Brothers this week and enter your business card to win 2 FREE 20" Pies! Delivered to your office on Tuesday!
You have that right, Rudy.
I had a good time:(
BernCo Commish Michelle Lujan Grisham says she will ask county attorneys to help her draft a motion to censure
i wanna say the choir is the only ppl actually singing on stage
Hello, due to technical difficulties our site is still not up which is a bummer. but visit www.theadamouski.blogspot.com
Sanchez will start the season. I think they brought Tebow in to motivate him with the thought of being benched.
I feel my immortality over sweep all pains, all tears, all time, all fears, - and peal, like the eternal thunders of the deep, i
I thought "She Needs Me" Guess no more..
omg so sorry i forgot to follow
Can't wait to get back to #losangeles and see my lady :-)
Oh, I thought it was friday..
Is it natural?
After months of telling my dad all the funny/clever/sexy tweets I say he made himself an account. Look out 4 his backyard squirell updates
Need to get some drunk spray. So if I just happen to get pulled over, I can freshen my sober breath and smell buzzed.
What happens if I bought a student ticket but am not a UNH student?
follow back please :)
- Is anything related to payment or finance nice or sexy? Me thinks not.
#ff obtuse bitterness towards women
The happiest people don't have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything.
lmao well I guess I wasn't cool cause I never wore them lol
thanks John!
its not fun for anyone dear
if I put money in a book I wonder how many people will find it lmfao. #food for thought
new album in production and BE HOPEFUL the musical coming together, I am thankful!
AG will be replaced via trade. CI gets replaced off the wire.
I have a lot of galleys but I still check out library books. I am now reading 5 books all at the same time!
I've heard #Drupa has #QRcode fever! Wish I could have been there, I love anything new media and techie - double win when combined!
Happy birthday ''late'' to i wish u all the best fo' your 22 years <U+2665>
Elite performers have uncommon boldness and courage...do you?
Hey peoples! :)
It's done! Thank you to our listed 180 backers who pledged $8,904, and to the unlisted 3 backers who gave $2,800 more. Total : $11,704
great comeback and sweep!
; Rest upp . Make some more music <3 Its very fun to listen to (; & hard not to sing along . Watch that 70`s show . Amazin ...
LOUISVILLE: What are you guys doing for Armageddon on Saturday (Louisville vs. Kentucky game)? I suppose I will not go into hiding that day.
that slut...
yes. With napping.
Excellent. My partner had one. It's scary.
you did that seal song justice man. Didn't murder it at all.
"Woulda won anyway?" Based on what? Haven't you predicted easy titles for LeBron the past three-four years, anyway?
with friends
you have to tell me! I have been looking for that one everywhere and I cant find it! not on the Kors website! #HELP!
Love with your mind and think with your heart
Are you ready?
When you get your fill of Pudding Wrestling, we serve real food until 2pm, and nobody has been crawling around in it. Bonus!
PERFECT! You've inspired me....off to Gelson's
Doin it right now ": RT if you tweeted while going the bathroom today! #twooping or #tweeing #dontlie #everyonesdoingit"
Georgia bugs are so disrespectful.
Manhattan's Upper West Side reminds me of a Candyland board interspersed with dollhouses.
#askjennette what did you think of san antonio when you came a few months back? (:
Gorgeous track! Have fun!
I miss you.... A lot
Can't believe that in the 21st century we are still arguing about contraception....our political system has turned into a sad joke
lol u missed it
can non TransCons (<- that was funny) apply? heard lots of Amazing things about your web to print comp.
oh hot daymm.
Many Thanks Greg! I hope you and the team are enjoying #NYC and
japanese lesson go
Fridays's opening receptions were wonderful. Thanks to our talented artists and ABQ's supportive arts community for the enjoyable eve!
Do not cook another thing Do not mess up another dish! ZuZu handmade breakfast tacos and more. Kids eat free after 5:30pm M-W.
for a artist name, song or album?
true fact!!
We just got some new *Incense*
do you know who we need to talk to?
After a weekend dancing/laughing/raging in NYC, I need to sleep for a week. So much DanceWorks Boston love!
spending my birthday on May 20 in Chicago!
where you coming from??
Sometimes I really feel funny when some1 upload new photo in fb, and asking ppl to like the photo.. Like forcing ppl to like their photo..
Real gangsters don't slow the car down at all when they see cops.
It's Never a Good Time...: Week 12, Day 6 - 16 week full IM training
Lol I thought Canadians wanted to help everyone? Paying for medication to save someone's life is not the same as
You already here???? Waiting on confirmation about my tix for tomorrow! Excited to see you in action with my Fav. Coach! :)
In NOLA, docs & dramas, very much of LA culture. Had him KC for special program yrs ago. Great guy. Very creative.
Love my new ipad
have to work tomorrow but maybe on Saturday and Sunday
OMG FINALLY #DEGRASSI <3
Private institutions need to care about 1st Amendment activity as well. Many have "free expression" policies.
10% off on all labor and materials until August 9th! Also, ask how you can make $$$$$$ through our referral program! :)
ack no kidding. You know what it all comes down to? Bitches wanting you two to break up so they can have him.
working no parade today
Why should she be any different that the rest of us?
I'm using , which I love. But I think that might be what's redirecting the link to the home page...interesting
yer how ya
A crack head is on the loose on Yuba campus lol
bring it to me I can clean it & make it look new. We have to keep our rings forever.
If women didn’t exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.
I'm craving fried green tomatoes. They won't be in season for at least 3 more months.
"You gotta hydrate to gyrate." -
Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
I love you too! :)
thank you - 3 little ones now.
AFTERNOON POLL: When’s the last time you whipped up some homemade milkshakes?
check out
Using this ominous weather as an excuse to stay in & read a magazine Not on a tablet, comp or iPhone. Straight up print.
bumpin to biggie the whole way there
today's words of the day are: knismesis and gargalesis! thanks to
Leo's Pro Audio going out of business sale! Trying out my new gear now. Needed to buy this like I need a hole in my head.
Is that a microwave??? I'm gonna guess that it is... It looks cool. I think.
thanks for the update!
Hello, Lovelys! Tell us what color your underwear are!
kinda sick when u think about it
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else's. --Billy Wilder
I would honestly go to #UMF just to be at #ASOT tent all day
Please follow
Good Morning Gorg. :)
pitcher and shot specials during game time!
"ediscovery is like 50 first dates... we should aim for more like groundhog day!" Knaapen of Chevron #ltny ^BM
Crying from laughing so hard > <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
You can never really truly love anybody, someone else always replace those feelings over the time.
Don't negotiate if you are not prepared for the negotiation. w/ #womnegotiators,
Cupid really playing with fire here... if that left, he wouldn't be able to enter the state of MA again.
I was thinking specifically about sub-fields like Southern history where many of them are so closely connected. No worries?
Jesus. Not sure why I thought you meant Legends of the Fall instead.
Fashion, Hollywood & Music mixed into a nice cocktails event at Glam & Red Carpet @ Hollywood’s last night!
Planet Tennis: Multiple hitting partners at level capable of being on court 4-5 hours day,minimum 3-4 times per week.#1 on Futures prep list
Doing that thing where I eat a milk chocolate calcium chew, just because I want a dessert fix.
Take good care of your girl
We got there 45 minutes early and it was already standing room only.
What do you think of the whole Tebow thing? Think Sanchez is going to last long?
Nah. But nice to see refs not treat King James like a piece of fragile china!
Rumor has it! Rumor has it! Rumor has it!
A strong person is someone who after crying themselves to sleep at night, still wakes up with a smile on their face.
I need this job ! ha
I'm using that approach every day of my life..
Ah, my family! Ah, back to Colorado. Enjoyed #iste11, gonna get to work on this stuff for the new school year
Blue talks???? Sacrilege!
Was thinking most dramatic finish since '99 Champions League, but ManU only needed 1 for extra time.
so sad.. Agree with you.. You should have gone all the way! The guys skirted along n red is too full of herself!! Boo hoo
MAN IM TIRED ITS TIME TO HIT THE SHOWER...
I know! I think it's about time I meet my husband lol
I hate making eye-contact w/ people who used to mean the WORLD to me
Everytime I hear love the way u lie by eminem and rihanna I picture and singin it
glad to hear that :)
. graduate recital - 4 pm today at the Depaul School of Music
I am having difficulties discovering peers capable of intelligent conversation.
Don't let anyone get you down today. Only you can ruin your day :)!!
I foresee a fierce game of redistributionist one-upsmanship MT Pres Obama said he looks forward to working with Hollande
Ohmygawd. Fried oreos. Best shiz E V E R<3
Morning world ...another day
Love #draftday RT Good morning! Happy draft day to all #NFL fans!
Thats the thing. everyone is. At least a little bit. lol
hey Gina I have a Hospital bed that probably does exactly what you need! This is Richard Flores!! Text me 512 923 6881
Im hot
I will give you $20 to clean my room.
i hate being so bi-polor yes me bi-polor...but then again i always get upset easily which isnt good at all
What... It's horrible lol. At least I thought it was :). But other than that the Split rocks!
Convinced that women cannot fucking drive!!!!!
please follow me! I'm following you! *puppy eyes* ...it would make me & my owner VERY happy! =D
get out in front and make your online community before someone else does.
"A little magic can take you a long way." — Roald Dahl
aw congrats lady and gent
Will do! Hope you can watch us as well.
check online through your bank's webpage. I know navy federal does it, that's how I decided to pay my cell phone bill.
not practiced in most education, really
aw that sucks but it's okay :) can't wait for your suprise
Good morning to you!
yesterday was super amazing! i'm in for tony!
Hey. Been a long time. All is well on this end. How are you & your fam? I was in DE for 24hrs in March.
Pitches at swdc10 have been great. But props to the insightful panel as well. Great advice!
Thanks! Twitterer is working hard to make marketing that's actually good.
I have no idea why Suh is not a Heisman top three candidate or wins it. Seems unreal that a DT can not win it?
Hey you ever listen to Gangstarr? The song "Moment of Truth"? Listen to it if you haven't.
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087> this is what I have planned for today!!
So excited to have tickets to see one of my role models rachel when she comes to KC in April! Who else will be there?
Head to the Springs Cafe today for some Mexican-flavored specials: carnitas burrito with rice and beans, or albondigas soup!
the way the lady said it made me crack up xD
were here for you mason(:
Ugh, this new camera needs to get here. Trying to hold off on new micro shorts until it arrives and its driving me nuts.
You are better than "that girl" that will cry over "that guy". If you ever need someone I'm here!! :D
Anyone have any resources on implementing #AlwaysOn with #SharePoint?
I'm sorry Kristen but I don't think i'm worthy enough to deserve a RT from you
nah kim
- try Doritos sweet chili - insanely addicting and i dont eat much junk food.
um thanks for the invite!
Best of luck to at Boulder this year #fave and and at Alabama, see you 2 at the uk/ul game!
I love how everyone on my dad's side of the family sees someone with long dark hair and automatically says it's :P
getting to sleep early tonight..then waking up at 2:30 am to hopefully watch the meteor shower:)
Hating' on Comic Sans.
I think I'm going to stop talking.
Passion keeps us going and the Joy of what we do keeps it Fun.
aw you look so sweet with your braces off!!<3 I won't get mine off for like 3 years cuz I got mine a few months ago!!:/
Why do girls love chacos?
Sounds like a plan ; )
Jon Jay is such a good hitter, despite one of the noisiest swings in the game.
Its do or die #canucks lets go! This first round of #playoff games have been a #OT bananza! Put the #golfclubs away
single .. you ?
RT I think I may have to do a pop up in Hyde Park. :-) <always on some hot shit
": i see you can go song for song wit any rapper, how bout we make a track together"--Send a link & lemme hear u babe.
Ps1 is seriously bomb
Is that supposed to be The Small BLACK Room on your list or is it The Small BACK Room? If its the latter, you should see it.
amen to that :) personally, I think the church needs to reach out more to the lost.
RT #DesignBizChat after talking w many renown #interiordesigners all say same success=surround w team 2 work in their aesthetic
To make you go to work even on your day off.
BOUT TO GO DOWN AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT PARTY PEOPLE!!!!
i love you hiihih
Haha. She can barely handle FB.
I wish I had Dora's parents. They let the kid go everywhere.
omg why do we have to trend every little thing?
and sorry to all who got spam from us! we tried to delete all those messages before most of you clicked them. spam and hacking sucks! : (
LOL...sorry I've been imbibing and socializing. I'll be in touch as I stumble home.
Rainy day here, but off tonight
RT me so I know it's real
Know what takes the sting out of this loss big time? Remembering that LSU won the title when I was actually a student there
Today was boring
It turns out I aint have strep or mono, jus a virus.
More teenage girls...when does this show go up?
yeah, just switched it on :)
Only God knows but I know in due time..He may not come when u want him but he is always on time.
well have fun being an ain't shit bitch the rest of your life, you look like you got it down
Thank you Henry!!
Being trapped in traffic is not a good start to the week.
I'm in love with The Kennedys right now. RT I dont even know what I did before
I give up marketing
France went Socialist after their leaders pushed austerity. Maybe the U.S. will be next.
ATTENTION ANY1 WHO WORKS GIRBA AIRLINE.....IF YOU HAVE BUDDY PASSES FOR SALE....CONTACT ME
Hey! We R at #SoCo2010 too. Would love to meet you. is working our booth. Stop by 2 chat. Have FUN!
Retweet if you think Power 96 is playing music that is totally just for your situation, just ... Perfect. <U+2665>
I wish would man up to his bet. He just knows he's gonna be losing that money.
Trae the truth"dueces&treys"on repeat
Yes We have the ability to extract Cannabinoids From the Marijuana plant And place them into lozenge form.
anyone want to skype tonight?
Tony Gwynn Jr will be on tonight. Crazy diving catch after covering an ocean's worth of ground in center.
I wish I could!!
dear change...i dont believe in you
Let's Go Grizz! #grizup all the way to the finals!
What do on a #friday night #pdx ?
I'm down!
Yes and what I read was you might not be able to do it...and I won't accept that...b/c you would be perfect for that role.
amen girl !!! Men just haven't gotten it together yet! Lol! We need to go to ghost bar sometime!!!
not sure how the elites run though, i tried on the cheap 99$ ones, S fit well length wise but armpit was tight
U are challenged for a reason - to prove your strength and work ethic, focus and determination. Do u got what it takes?
I'm just going to wait to see a lineup or until Sam Rosen gives a definitive word
I agree, he is a fool like the rest. They need to go sit down somewhere. lol
my life is mad hectic. i pretty much juggle 3 jobs. one of them is in an architecture firm n the other is an on call medical translator
I like school but it's nice to have a break to do some reading.
BRUIN RUN/WALK BRUIN RUN/WALK BRUIN RUN/WALK Tomorrow! See you there :)
As a nation we are dedicated to keeping physically fit and parking as close to the stadium as possible.
Top Ramen or Easy Mac? GO.
the Bulls are on.
I'll call an ambulance. RT "I'm at McDonalds"
Great conversation with tonight ! Always fun & interesting. Looking forward to the next.
Lots of new jewelry from Elizabeth Vilkas Designs...come check it out! :)
Edward Rooney has no reservation whatsoever, about holding me back another year.
Kendall Marshall breaks his hand? Uh oh!
I hate when mfz suck pussy to hard like dam bitch women shit is soft & delicate lol go slow & lick & suck SOFTLY
Congratulations to Weekly's Top 40 Under 40! High fives go to RVA Zine Fest's co-organizer Liz Canfield for rocking the list!
#MvsW Radio QoD: You can lead a russian diva to the blueline, but you can't make him play defense. -Bruce B.
thank you for the follow and mention as well! :) Take care!
Bowling today >>
Run with the joy of a dog off the leash.
I kne right:o
May have just got outfoxed by this Mongolian fish. He opens 60 button I call bb calls. A98. Cks Around. J turn I bet 200, he calls. River 9
Looking like 21 JUMP ST Channing Tatum & Jonah Hill are in the house!
We can't stop outside stress but we can prevent inside stress - slow down - think less - find balance between work and rest - gratitude
I need some help starting a blog any advice or links would be greatly appreciated. #pleaseandthanks :)
Learned the hard way that I don't get diplomatic immunity when wearing my Burger King crown.
hahaha yeah thanks puppy dawg swagger <U+263A>
": Um...working out on my abs and legs seems to trigger my....nevermind but I may do this often ;)" Boing Boing.... Lol
I hope the sunrise in Egypt right now brings you hope that you're not dying in vain, and that we will make our world better
Omg yes :{) So excited!! It's gonna be SO amazing <U+2665> i love when she performance!! she is really talented and funny
2nite on "Live @ 10", we try to slow drivers down after a car killed a family dog in Muskego. Join tonight for
LATE CHECK-IN - NBA Miami Heat will be checking into the DC Four Seasons Hotel within the next 60-75 minutes
Don't take it personal Luv. It's just twitter. #unfollows are not the end of the world.
#sljsummit10 call for school librarians to develop inquiry skills, be innovative and creative: integrate content, technology & creativity
Eagles just tweeted that it is Cox.
BTW, you all ever need an event emcee, I'm always available for local agencies! *cough* hint *cough*
of coarse my mom has to ruin the good mood!
BEST best friend AWESOME job and boss CUTE boy COOL apt
So nice
is a SF-based startup that makes meetings singles social w/ double dates. Follow them for an early invite!
On my Martin shit... YOU GO GIRL...
It was a fun evening in #Tipton. Always great to share our vision for raising up new leaders.
still not there?! It's the 2nd quarter! Lol
thank you so much for following! Let your friends know to follow as well? It would mean the world to us<3
I have school tomorrow
I heard a rumor that retweeting on Friday could be deliciously free! NO PURCH NECESSARY C Rules 4 Info bit.ly/kqy4oV
are they serious??? they need better ears
RT : Live Remote tomorrow a.m. with Mike Cast/KUSI News. Tune in at 8 a.m. Should be a fun one!
Merry Christmas Miley.
i love music and U.S.A
true. but l'm gonna live in my little world right now pretending that it always works.
Bacon and eggs for brunch now off to the gym!
When I'm with you you're my para, para, paradise.
“: YO! party at roscoes when I get back lol! Fried chicken on me!” < I'm in. Not turning that down.
You are the definition of what human potential can accomplish. I salute you Sir!
hating where you live because you're too far away from wherever austin performs.
31: You are pretty & a mahomie! :D
another day i'n Yankee land another lost lol
I need new shoes, just no stores around here sell original Vans anymore.
If there ever comes a day we can't be together, keep me in your heart I'll stay there forever.
dissertating by a window looking out onto a rainy street while listening to Bach's cello suites...depressing, but maybe productive.
I know. Just heard it. Great stuff!
Jamming Foster The People up the coast back to Hollywoodland. Makes me think of Miss you girl!! Come back pleasaseee xox
Thank you! Come see us again soon.. :)
An we go have one hell of a time
#Gaddafi leaves speech in a tuk-tuk. #Kwame must be feeling really so much cooler than Gaddafi.
Hoods have a purpose,most of them are not 'gangster fashion' related. Sounds like the don't wear a short skirt if u don't want it argument.
almost wrapping up the season3 of bbw cant wait to get to the REUnion
introduced the work wife to google chrome - she's in love!
#pw2012 50% of children in New Mexico live in poverty
It's a great program for kids & Families. Saturday's show was Teddy Bear's Guide 2 the Orchestra. Went very well. :D
have you ever fell and didn't spill your tequila? haha
I got a 72! Pretty pleased for a first-timer who never opened the book before, didn't study and went to two concerts that weekend!
Hookah with Hello Kitty. Yeah - we're that badath.
I hate school. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
lol well thank the lord. Hopefully you can get back to sleep easy!
i cherish you my love!!!!
Have you heard the news yet? Something big is coming...Be sure to check out our Winter Film Awards this February!
Ryan, I put the team on my back Braun had an okay game last night.
Nope. Abandon thread. WTH is Swingers Club?
could you make this the best birthday ever and follow me pretty pretty please??? <U+E32D>
I know, we are gettin' READY! What about you guys?!
Enjoying a brisk day shift in the City of Enchantment. #brazosport #ER Lake Jackson.
T minus 2 hours and our Improv show is ON and POPPIN'! Shout to and our awesome class!!!
¤ The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success. Paramahansa Yogananda
i just want my jeep back..
After the first handful of picks, I could care less about the NFL draft
Delighted to have the sponsorship of law firm for The EuroConnect 4 this evening. See you at the Rembrandt in America Gala, too
good one!
DONE SOCIOLOGY. YES! sat and ap exam: leggo.
I will DM u session rates, etc.
The Hump Day !!!
Wait. What is Cookout?
Do mothers these days even buy walking shoes for their children that are just beginning to walk? Do they even know to do so.
Jealous of my friends doing the Avengers marathon and/or seeing it at midnight. I'm just ridiculously excited for tomorrow.
Getting my wrist checked tomorrow, hope nothing serious.
Good children come from good parents. the parent deserves a few brownie points.
Take Pagan out and put in! #SFGiants .221 leadoff
Happy Cinco De Mayo to all the Mexicans and non-Mexicans celebrating. Be safe! Don't drink and drive. DUI checkpoints will be in full force
RT : Big news for my friends at #Inmagic! RT : acquires our special library products. bit.ly/vVkbLX
It's the OCB
Congrats man! :-)
never that! You should be down on campus
If your don't believe in DEMONS plz come to STL and sleep in the #LempMansion omfg so creepy!
Working with girls gets u more tips but is really boring
2 & a half weeks left. Thank god.
Wait. That's it?
... lol fully blooded. Always forget that your my lil inidan buddy. Are you 100 percent indian?
Meet me at News birthday steak tips and rice on me! Say what... say what?? White gold white gold!
too drunk last night = a good night... most nights lol.
I am feeling home sickness.
Was There!!
grey goose for sure..hmm let me think of what else lol
I can't be just friends with you...
All right tweeps, I've got to know-is our new site up and running on your computer? If so, what do you think?
yeah definitely
I didn't even get one marked.
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: Great players post great tips and videos online. Never be too stubborn not to learn from other (better) players.
what's that Key???
You Are Very Beautiful! Can I Plz Get A Retweet And A Follow Back ?
Back to Paoli Peaks to ski for the first time since eighth grade...don't even ask how long ago that was for me! Happy Valentine's Day!
Did I really just get passed by a funeral procession with rap music bumping inside the hearse?
we are cool
Dont treat me like some random bitch
Happy new year! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Going To Bed Playing At Your Best (:
well then I suggest we all take up our right to bare arms and form center/left of center militias.
Well eating something could help take care of that.
lol who partied hard for cinco? Lol, people party hard on that day! I'm like, "hey, how hard did you party on cinco?" And people say so hard
would be gr8 u guys made it out to the Tyson's Corner VA/Washington DC area #OMGFreeBenJerrys - ppl would love it!!
The Boston Red Sox pitching staff should be collectively hired to pitch at the 2012 Home Run Derby in Kansas City.
#FavoritePlacesToHaveSex.....In a jacuzzi ; )
Got a problem with it? ;-)
#itshardwhen your putting in so much effort and he's not putting in any </3.
Didn't think I could hurt like this :/
Really does not like auditioning at Ripley Greer
are now all TRUE "PAKALITES!!!!!"
I didn't see anyone claim sole arbitership.
did you get the shoes dude?
I prefer dark books, YA can be a bit tame for me ;)
Currently the green card applications from India, Mexico, China and the Philippines are backlogged
I ain't afraid of no ghosts.
Finally of.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
Uh-oh RT : US DOJ announces it has seized $1.5 mil worth of fake sports gear sold online from China.
Yeah, me too. But I don't think that's totally right? Lots of old people use it the same way we do.
O love to see her live in Miami... Excellent!
"Hunger Games" sounds like something I'd love to play right after smoking a fat joint.
We have over 100 silent auction items for our Auction for Action! Come bid next week!!!
why will Facebook not let me update? at least twitter works....
or the UPS guy she dated after Rich Cronin....
Just heard YeahYeahYeah's in an ipad commercial...very sad.
#FirstEdition we're talking #Baseball w/ who got a close look at the #Marlins Aquarium- #OpeningDay highlights next
yes it's in your dropbox
Yes. I have msn. Add me: :D. And any time! Just treating you how you treat me! <33
Boy: I heard you like bad boys ;) Girl: yeah Boy: Well not trying to impress you or anything... but I can swim without floaties.
Discussing social media
Was really more like 15 > RT : Nothing like being tweeted about from 10 feet away!
Thanks. Trying to cope with earlier deadlines, still give news, insights. RT : Love the new format.
I need a job..but there is no point if i leave in June, then come back in August, then leave in August_•_
Tweet, tweet. Not sure how much tweeting I'll do as , I do a lot 4 Thanks for the follow & I may catch on 2 it!
Worst nights, weirdest dreams
auto-correct is like a bad frenemy set up: "omg this word is SO perfect for you."
You're welcome! Have a wonderful weekend!
you betta woke your behind up.
I can't imagine..just think of the things you don't remember HaHa...Actually you remember quiet a lot!! :)
Going to make the first move. You won't know what happen :P
Are cameras allowed at #DenFestishBall?
we will be setting up preorders soon!
WORD! good looks
loll be careful ;)
RT : Come out to Hughes Hall tonight and give us your feedback on what Jazz Club should do for the new year!
Thank you! It would have ment alot to her.
Can we hit 700 followers in the next two hours!!?? Help us please post a tweet about us!
People don't buy what you do they buy why you do it.
Spinning some jazz 2morrow #IntervalMonday at Then more #soul & #funk 45's at 's Q-Ball on Saturday 3/10.
gotta bring your for after !
Its gonna snow today - where that come from
James I couldnt get tickets tonights sold out! I'm the saddest!
The jury has reached a verdict in the sanity phase of the Brendan O'Rourke school shooter case. It will be read at 10:30 in Vista.
feel better!!!
STEM, Language Arts, Health/Citizenship, Programming, Arts
of course I'd never say in public the things we talk about BUT...U KNOW! LOL..got da golden gift of gab
Come see me and a get a relaxing pedi and matching color mani for this beautiful spring weather! Working 2 to 7
#HatsOff good ass game
totally agree .. Almost like spam on
it's Sunday, So no.
hahah I should sleep now .
thanks...im all smiles !
Maybe if you put it that way he would go! :D
that jingle popped in my head right when I said that hah
Mayor Sanders is using his office to drum up support for Jessica Sanchez on American Idol. Press release: "VOTE EARLY, OFTEN."
that guy Ron Ron. SMH.
Hello new followers: ,,,,, Let's tweet again soon!
Shutters aren't just for windows anymore! They can be used as the doors of a closet, or even as a room divider.
so then who do you like better for fantasy? I'm leaning towards McGahee
“: here's to the kids who like being naked.”
which one are you in the picture? lmao.
missing my gurl Like a black gurl miss her weave
since its still may I'm going to give you the 5 de mayo version #cometelo!
Thxs partly 2 a bubble enabled by SEC Modernization of Oil/Gas Reporting 17 CFR Pts 210, 211 MT Chesapeake #Energy Shares Tumbling
Mistranslation of the law excuses no one.
Today seems like a day for Turkey Chili Cheese fries.....
Dumbass at our school, making a fake Facebook and using Austins picture isnt smart. I know who the fuck he is. Thanks
I hope everyone has a merry christmas<3(:
No one seems to know the answer ": What happened to Bryce Harper?"
A simple thought: If ESPN ducked into the 2pm ET hour 3-4X and said "We're trying to confirm Seau reports," no issue. 70-min blackout: issue
Square box. Round pizza. Triangle slices. I'm Confused.
Note to all who are listening. If you advertise a Glamour Makeover in the font Comic Sans, your skills may be questioned.
I'm suppose to be sleeping .___. Wbu?
Downloaded anti-virus update and now my laptop won't start. That doesn't make sense at all.
no prob dude and will do(:
#NP Kid Ink - What I Do
Thanks! Happy you like it. Oregon is a beautiful state we're pretty excited to be a part of.
Can't wait to be helping everybody who loves to
A steady stream of people are taking tours today. Thanks for the support #richmond!!
stopped at the band room but forgot my shit isn't set up.
i should just stop.
the latest class starts at 10 and its only Friday nights! What a sham
So cool! RT : Just finished watching a vey cool Arlon vinyl application demonstration.
he had a seizure… didn't get eaten by a gator haha
Hi Carl--I will email you the info!
RT : Check out Gnomeo and Juliet soundtrack feat. Elton John and I singing new version of Crocodile Rock! I love it!
#BusyMoment...be back!!!
#huntsman looks like a young, cocky Mr. Rogers.
my 4 year old bumps "in ashes" on his iPod, pits and sings the words.
If we take a lesson from the Intertubes, then we should send pictures of cats.
haaha yes. it was cute :p
this picture loraine just sent me asdfghjklzvbx nigga you so BLACK .
I was wondering the same thing. I could barely tell he wasn't wearing them from where I'm sitting!
hey thanks for the follow!! be sure to LIKE us on facebook too! Help spread the BUZZ about JADED! #GETONTHATJADEDTIP <3
Men's Health compiled a Top 100 Smuttiest Cities list. #ABQ was 64th, ahead of St Louis but behind Billings MT. Billings? C'mon ABQ!
or play it safest of all: only pencil, don't press down too hard, or, only write on the outside of the housing!
Just got an email from my teacher saying to bring a "good attitude"... that means were going to do something stupid!
I love me some huggylowdown and Chris Paul. Have fun guys.
I lOve my # Ipod :) of 32 Gb
Mavs still looking to slow skid vs. Lakers
They enjoy thinking. They enjoy being creative. They enjoy having ideas. Most people do not enjoy thinking at all.
Cochella in less than 24 hours
Is going to hear Tim Gunn speak tonight. (^V^)/Make it work!
I hate your life..
Ombrophobia- Fear of rain or of being rained on
to anyone snarking about Obama vacationing, note that all Presidents can handle international affairs even outside of the Oval Office!
Truth! RT There is no pillow so soft as a clear conscience. -French proverb
Follow us and RT with hashtag #IwantMyiPad2 for a chance to win a brand new iPad2. 1 888 The Check
Pastor Wingo just gave a shout out to Mr. Toole for his efforts in civics education!
What d'ya mean??? if I'm reading correctly, isn't 7/39 winning? (Well, next to Ron Burgandy? lol)
When I get that I'm a OWN IT!
Today I learned about PBCore, a standard for audio/visual metadata. I WANT TO PLAY WITH IT.
Best meal in Vegas thx for your hospitality!
Wishing all Moms and mother figures a great Mother's Day that's, of course, n-word free! Enjoy!
that's what friends are for! “: Special thank you tweet to for this morning”
Yo the #swagpackage I have varies from day to day. Maybe some lighters, New Eras, a toothbrush, bandanas, a couple hoodies...
Did I share "Movie" on the message? :) Cameras from here to PDX tomorrow :)
#Rockies Brothers uncorks wild pitch. Here comes Apodaca. Game in the balance here.
you in NYC?how long for? I'm in Miami this weekend.
i like your style!
this is what i needed!!! I was just praying asking for his help with temptation.. THANK YOU LORD!!
love when i'm with the family<3
COULD I, MAY I, ET A FOLLOW BAC SO I CAN HIT THE HAYSACK OOHHH
Enjoy your time in Chicago...go ahead and tap those toes!
Register today! It is going to be an unforgettable event! FIRST EVER
Thanks! Those Pluck moms rock. RT : This is refreshing. High-five.
ok I'll put it down. There's a chance we might be on vaca but haven't planned anything yet.
summer:) is it warm in Dubai! X
Staten island we had a blast as usual ! Just downed some steak and shake and finishing the 2 hour drive to our show near FarmVille !
yo home's did you read the play? Is it that bad??? Oh man! Lol ..it sounds better live hahahaha
First Don Cornelius, now Dick Clark! Rest In Peace!
hmph, never saw it like that.
Free Coffee Friday is tomorrow! Man, has this week flown by or what! See us in the morning to get your free boost of energy.
just created a #facebook page for ScanMan!
aw have fun!! take care of my lil sis !!!
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 11
I've got a pork roast in the crock pot today and I'm trying your Kansas City BBQ recipe. It smells great!!
VIDEO: Reggae/Dancehall music dead says Ninjaman : Welcome ...
RT if your a Directioner! I AM..ONE DIRECTION ALL DA Way!(;
You gone learn today lol
As for the endorsements, that's all, folks!
I currently don't have a laptop ):
yeah, stop being racist.
buffalo #sabres second that.
TGIF=Thank God It's Five. I need a drink. Stat!
Big game coming up with leading the Saints against that tough 49er D
Event set up is well underway! Don't forget #innotechatx is tomorrow. Register today at www.innotechaustin.com
Who's hungry? In a hurry? No problem! Great food and lunch time specials nice and quick for your lunch hour - specials till 2pm!
Thanks for your support! Our listeners are still the biggest reason why we can keep doing what we do!
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead. -Bertrand Russell
We're glad you're enjoying it! We like it too!
Ridin the PMS roller coaster today. Sorry to those of you who are forced to ride along with me!!
HOW DARE YOU YELL AT YO COACH.
I'm gonna pray for you until your in my arms
Life is full of the fun kind of irony today.
We're live!
Sunday nite, I purchased a Beddinge for my son. We put it together on Mon 2-27-12. Wood slats all pop off immediately! Unusable!
Of course, the minute I hire a dev? I become some sort of super coding ninja. Not that it'll last long but still...
.: need to go on the offensive. [CISPA protests are still defense--against bad bills]
We get FREEZING winters! Like below -5! And we get HOT summers! In the low 100's! But right now, it is unusually cold.
Im gonna hit the freakin thing with a bat.
No wonder when I typed JamEs Laou into google I got no results...Stupid MTV
My boyfriend doesn't want to talk to me.
Great victory for Celtics over the Hawks! Hope , , and are rooting for the Celtics!
Yes, there are a few Mexicans in Ohio and we banded together to open a restaurant. Hit us up sometime!
RT : RT : 2nite #DRINX Happy hour social at Club 50 at the Viceroy hotel downtown! hosted by
Schwab customer service is terrific. Always someone helpful on the line--even 8 pm on a Sunday. (cc )
Ya take back stab and murder lady luck
good. I hope Barca puts 5 on them now
Met with Cheyenne forfutures meeting as a Coach. It was awesome. I am considering being a Seminar Leader and/or Forum Leaders. Big CH
i miss you to, if there wasn't 93 miles between us then i'd be there in a heartbeat. #loveyoutoo :)
"take a hit of loud n try not to choke" .....I like it...I like your flow and your voice no homo. My new smokin song lol
who you going for?
gotta love it!
don't work to hard. ;)
Damn, I was thinking she was gonna be prettier than me... Lol guess not
girl.. I'd take certain professors 5 times if I could, it would make them really appreciative & happy I think
And that's just the tip of the (shaved) iceberg of awesome!
I got a thing for Robin Thicke<3.
thanks for being a part of it bro, we're stoked to have you play!
Saw a sign that said, "Pregnant? With back pain?!" I thought most people were pregnant with babies. - Sarah K.
Thanks ! Welcome to the FreeHand Corps!
Still working and talking to our candidates about the amazing jobs we have at TRAVAIL Newark. Busy - busy - busy!
RT : Lets go pens!!! Never thought that I would ever b interested. We don't play hockey in the south.
lol. Your comments were quit unnecessary. I guess we can say it was bill's fault haha
Yes very much so. On another note what is up with our NBA teams???? Cant even talk smack when they both have been stinkin.
Sometimes when I'm lonely, I talk to my biceps.
how much should APIs be designed for non-programmers?
Headed back through Houston to NOLA. listening to Willie D.
#FFlyDecade & others will be in attendance...
Thanks for the follow!
This little girl spends all her money on lipgloss and nail polish all the time. * shrugs
Better than a concert by The Silence - you'd just be angry at having wasted money to see a band that never even came on stage!
as the phoenix rises from the ashes so too do we, to spread across the sky our fiery wings. #sfit see you at the dust-up.
was it a good idea to have tweets sent to my phone? lol. she sure does tweet a lot...i guess it could be worse ;p
Dahlia lounge's donuts are so good!
I'm in Las Vegas, NV this week, covering the American Academy of Nurse Practitioners' 26th annual conference for The Clinical Advisor...
our weather is too.....but I'm still going lol
No drama just create
lohh u should not be so damn ugly boy jp
Racism, that's the name of the game. And you couldn't escape that if you was David Blane
#TwSIG Set the style, tone and "brand" your twitter feed. Voice and tone should reflect your brand character. You are publishing content
Well I know a few people who work there and they love it so I'll probably be fine. I've applied so many places I'm desperate
I'm gonna lose it Thursday
I was sneezing earlier, I popped a vitamin C..
I will make sure to next time! <U+270B>
“You can’t get much done in life if you only work on the days when you feel good.” - West
Siloam Springs Memorial Hospital Transition
When you love someone, its worth fighting for, no matter what the odds.
- Do you have a facebook page?
Bac to class I go. Hopefully we get out early
One day at a time. One day at a time.
"Don't be too timid and squeamish about your actions. All life is an experiment". Ralph Waldo Emerson
Where's my brother?! I wake up and he's gone TF? Who would wanna kidnap him? Lol oh well (;
michelle didnt remember me.. that bitch!
That boy Say if she wanna tell her man wut tuh do den help him get there....
Junior mining investors should check out Corebox.net, a great tool for visualizing and analyzing drill results.
So was Zoobilee Zoo for Ben Vereen.
Agreed! I'm calling 5-1 on aggregate. RT : This. Is Going. To. Get. Very. Messi.
Lol I was passed out drunk, & he tried to kiss me to wake me up like snow white, or whoever that bitch is.
Metta World Peace is garbage
I've got 21 days to go...22 isn't anything to look forward too, I've peaked...
Our generation DEFINITELY does not appreciate music history half of you don't know what the fuck you're listening to & how it started.
New fave song ...
I'm a dick hole head
It's inconceivable to me that I won't have MY HIGH SCHOOL to go back to visit...once the h.s. goes, weir will die slowly...
#mycrazyobsession Mickey mouse dolls
Trust in GOD Trust in the true Americans & most importantly, trust in yourself. Look around we have everything we need to be successful
Make a Connection it is the key!!! Come follow us on Facebook and Twitter!
I just like to have a little fun is all. ;)
Cleaning my room (:
ha! Awesome! “: Lined up like soldiers of inebriation. #LibationArmy”
I saw an opportunity even in those comedies to begin my project of American films
oh damn How many ordinaries are you gonna do? Hey remember Keep calm and pass the test Keep calm and be SMARTSEXYMOMMA like always
“: This one kid has serious boy band hair.” big time rush hair fo sho
oh my gosh I would love that book too!
So happy I'm at the Cincinnati History Library & Archives...a little role reversal as I get to be the excited researcher
People always say to follow your heart. But what if your heart wants it all? Sigh.
who inspired you to start singing and playing bass or was it more of a self motivation thing??
Thanks so much for following me on Twitter:)
#AmazingRace really proud of KY boys. Did a great job.
A special S/O to today 4 Mother's day. Thank u for all of your great work. Much appreciated by parents, kids & coaches everywhere!
I'm reaching for the knob!!!! Lmbo!
Sullinger needs to stay another season spend most of season in weight room build his strength before taking NBA leap
Any tips on nipping a cold in the bud? Does zinc actually work?
": driving in the rain with my windows down idgaf" atta girl! Good follow on my part lol
The little ones are getting old but the Monster is her same self. She has a Facebook page now. :)
Happy Thanksgiving!
LMAOOO LEGIT THE IRONY IS DRIPPING FROM MY COMPUTER.
I actually plan to do that someday and what's the video idea?
Valley Teen Applications are due (postmarked) today. More info www.valleyleadership.org.
ACC home teams can host on Friday of Thanksgiving wknd. So Clemson, GT, etc can play their rivalry game in ACC Friday slot
RT : I almost have enough votes in Iowa to start a bowling league. #Roementum (you mean "team" - right?)
sure, tell me what your issues are with me, look at my profile, and we'll chat. Is that cool?
hey we need to have drinks when back in town love to talk fashion and friends!!
with Backy's stick after colliding with Backy and losing both sticks!
UWM mobile app will be available for iOS and Android
that wasn't an #earthquake, Chuck Norris was just clapping
Bout to watch this movie n call it a nite.......
I bought a lighter that says: I BROUGHT SEXY BACK. I can't even buy a regular lighter.
Is there a video from last night out yet?
go to Merc.. Heard the food at Tavernita sucks
The main trouble with mental notes is that the ink fades so fast...
Awww! RT : Sitting on Gould plaza reminds me of the last 4 years and now I'm about to cry. NYU I love you!!
got your message....been praying for you. See you tomarrow at 4
LMAO!! Girl you don't do shit to my ass. Lmao!! I love you, I love you, I love you too.
Looks like you can sleep anywhere, Trip!
Just listened to the new blink-182 song "Up All Night" like 15 times. New favorite of course!! Couldn't be happier :)
where are you bringing a homeowner?
damn lol Let me lick u up n down lol #freakme RT : Which Silk song/verse gives u tht special feeling or makes u think...
¤ Success is falling nine times and getting up ten. Jon Bon Jovi
It's a GREAT show! It really is for girls though. I don't think guys get it.
Jared Spool: TSA = Thousands Standing Around (in line, that is)
Hmm. I was on the story page. Still didn't find it.
Steve Turre, "Rainbow People".
YOU just made my night! hope LA is wonderful, visiting ASAP!
Just struggled for far to long to get ketchup out of a bottle. Where is when I need her? Oh..celebrating mother's day :)
don't forget the #95uclachampionship #basketball team. Representing
M not sure- it makes her look more mature but is that the look she wants? Who cares, she is adorable!
Silence seldom satisfies any questions, but sometimes it's the perfect answer...:-)
I loved that you called me buttmunch, nerd alert.
If this purple hair dye doesnt work and it turns out to be an ungodly color, my only responce will be
People are gonna end up getting shot over this OLLG ticket shit. Watch. Justin has some crazy ass fans.
would like more info on the Beaumont, Tx dragging or know where I can go to get info.
Keep dem squares up out ya circle
Loving you feels like a kick in the balls
THE INVESTIGATION OF ARIEL WARNING by Robert Kalich....read it this April! It is going to make a big splash on the literary scene.
I like the idea of the Schnelker Shack.
"Advanced stats? No writer uses these worthless numbers."
"I got my church tongue on!"
Sounds good let's #JAM soon RT Thanks buddy! I'm always ready to
My dream! RT A mango tree in our backyard su.pr/7oNkhK
And even if they disagree, Follow your dreams. If you don't try, you fail.
Today we're talking about bags! What is your fave to lug around: a clutch? a tote? a cross-body? Let us know!
you KNOW ur in boca when they're selling jewelry at the grocery store....
IN Quotes: "A greater intelligence is available to you when you no longer reject, deny, or 'don't want' what is."
Sleeping in my bra. Its fucking hot.
Thank you, Martin!! :))
Exercise a lot and keep your weight down and stay away from junk food and sodas
Hi all! It has been a busy year so far. We are offering all NYU & NYU Alumni, 12% discount on rentals & 8% disc. on car rental service
I see many followers in my email but my following number is not going up. Can you help?
Of course Mark got a bison burger instead.
RT My response to Gary Olson's anti-reform column in the Chronicle: "Serial Concentration is Deep Concentration"
Including that 700,000-row spreadsheet. Yum.
Haha Nightmare and Scream by Avenged Sevenfold describe Sam from Supernatural almost perfect! XD "I'll taste your blood tonight.."
I'm gonna say what's on my mind could give a f**k if you don't like it, Homie I'm just being me!
Got a volleyball tornament this weekend!!!!! FOCUS!!
Revelation: Twitter and Facebook have the capability to make markets more efficient changing the focus on the masses as mkt makers relevant
I love my profile pic
One step closer to you<3
Anyone here can help me followed by austin? :( pls
Sorry to hear about Derek Boogaard... My thoughts and prayers are with his family, teammates and loved ones.
thank you!
haha cuz, it's good shit to knoww, spread the wealth of sexual knowledge!!
and I are on our way to cornwall for a week of relaxation in a quiet fishing village!
Honesty and Integrity in all our dealings is the primary component for the success of Health Insurance of Florida.
#NACUA tip to avoid retaliation complaints: an ounce of prevention goes a long way. Hire the right person in the first place.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. - Chinese Proverb
Started the second book in the Savannah series 2day. Can't decide if I should spend time writing it or promo for first one. Need more time!
I love Joy Division
Super moon < blue moon.
My favorite room in the house is the kitchen. Just wish it was a little bigger :)
That moment when a guy says you look like a Latina Barbie... Lol ok...
best flavor
Procrastination ends when I break everything into a series of little stepping stones and picture myself skipping along them.
RT : Yes! RT : It's official! #Scandal will be returning for a second season!
Uh, you people are fucking weird.
Nelly Furtado - I'm Like A Bird
Effective communication is one of the keys to a successful marriage
Just because I have a lighter doesn't mean that I smoke. Maybe I just like to burn things.
lmao, I hope!
Great day to sit inside and watch hockey playoffs!
I already sent you a message on Facebook few minutes ago.
my skin looks yellow compared to Jeremiah's.
how come you're not here?
Happy Monday Tweeps! Twit pic us your costumes from the weekend at Jillian's/Lucky Strike. We wanna see em!
word fo today iz have faith in wat u do..and it will come true!!`
we need to hangout soon I'm so bored
he used to visit the store I worked in selling his book. He was an awesome story teller.
welcome back to hockey!
Ambient Trance Music none of you know shit bout that
Robin Murray: if we can re-envision cataloging as "registering nodes in a global web of data"
I have no idea.
In case you haven't heard, I've accepted a job as Digital Archivist at the Rockefeller Archives Center. Excited, sad, grateful; all of it.
I'm at a loss for words.
RT : RT : A6: Twitter is the broccoli of social media. You may not like it but it can be good for you.
Lol I just handed my best friend so many dresses but forgot to look at the prices xD
Unashamedly Conservative!! Actually a Right Wing Radical! Oh yeah!!
hope your doing well. This tweet made me think.
Computer World or Man Machine - they're tied in my book!!
Thanks for the RTs! You guys Rock!
Were excited to have you guys!
I understand. I'm a fan of both.
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment. Oprah Winfrey
Please put a BLACK person on the set! Siiirrr, a HOME GOING does not mean, "Going To Church!"
All is well my brother..just staying focused. What's good w/you?
Nah haha i'm much to odd, but thank ya girl :D You and yo man be lookin' cute ;))))) I witnessed both your tweets XD
Musashi for dinner..
it's cool, i guess i'll just get ready for work.. :(
This Saturday Woodfish performing at 11am on the Congress Street Stage at the Everything Jersey City Festival.
a man in whom there is little or no guile. very little. virtually none. thanks much!!!!
Never fails. Unearned run scores. Way to get off the bag McGehee.
Wait... HBO is making a movie about Sarah Palin? What the fuck.
The staff, the bag, the feigned inconsequence/ of manner, best bespeak that weapon, self-protectiveness-- MMoore, IN THIS AGE OF HARD TRYING
I see sparks fly whenever you smile :)
me me me me me me plzzz
in my dreams! LOL
U WELCOME
Bout to go hoop on this niggahs lol
raining bo
Tell PETA my mink is draggin' on the floor
I leave my job at the school library to spend too much time and money in a book store...
Okay, guys. Who's the official genius-catcher? Do we need to take shifts? Can't bear the thought I'll miss the best one.
prep for Baguette Day and Galley Chat, plus unexpected wedding invite!
i miss
BIEBER'S b-day is an 7 min
Playwriting class begins with Rich Espey tonight at Center Stage!!!!!!!
Why root against the #Blackhawks best 2nd matchup? VAN or NASH? Give me VAN. Let the hate go.
but it's probably not going to change the meaning to go with the latter, which is style-guide correct
That's a good point. Makes me wonder a lot. I hope so.
If the family were receptive to people coming into their home, I would go that extra mile, but they're suspicious of everything.
So why is it that I get more followers on the days I don't tweet than the days I tweet.
Sad when people think my mom only has one kid. DAVIS. And seriously? I been here longer. What the crap
Which farm are you getting shares from?
How will we ever see I 2 I , if all we do is turn our backs on each other?
Im a young dude but I know a lot about life. And I can tell u this, life is perfectly fine...its only not fair when you submit to rules.
Enjoyed thumbing thru #geowebchat. Definitely gonna hit up some materials from to refresh myself for future discussions
two different super bowl spots by eminem
I wasn't opposed, it was just odd. :)
Sorry to miss you at #asja:
March Madness bro.....March Madness.
it was great! How about yours??
who will be
Address MI...
First day volunteering at NARA--looking forward to taking on some projects!
Arizona is OK with interrogating female employees about contraception
Just left show & Alvin alley! W/ headed 2the next. love #NYFW!
I thought last night's #MadMen was fantastic. The show has veered far from its roots, & it felt like Don realized that last night
Laaan says your being so bad....
if I track the showers can I then approach them and punch them in their rainy faces?
The Salties had a blast at TEDx Columbus today! Our next show is Black Friday at The Woodlands Tavern November 25th!
Time for Power
of course he did <3
I already do! And going to try to get into tonight for that fried milk
From the push of teaching to the pull of learning
I'm still indoors. The weather is getting nice enough to get outside soon. My top has been 34. Still working on to a 55
#newgirlonfox is the funnies show on TV. omg I love it so much.
Check out my demo songs in FL :) I've been missing it dearly ever since switching to mac
The Economic Impact of Raising Taxes on High-Income Households - Huffington Post (blog)
an hour wait for on a Tuesday @ 10 pm? What about some neighborly love for fellow Stanton strs #les ? Cc/
Awesome, congrats on a great looking site. Nice to see more architectural heritage projects using
Retweet if you think the new album "Leaving Eden" is fantastic!
- extremely healthy advance ! See what i mean ?
Burping in the hallways >>>
It's the 11th week of 2012 & I've got 14 real estate sales on the books YTD. I haven't had that average since 2005. Recovery is looming!
Bout to see Tony Allen and Seun Kuti perform! This city is crazy.
Just wanted to say i love you :)
excellent! maybe those guys'll iron their men's wearhouse for a change!!
Really... When did saying "why don't you marry it" ever fall out of fashion?
Even when I have post limit on tumblr, I still don't do homework.
I hate when people make you feel like shit. I.just want today to be over.
lol it wasnt sexual...this time
i would be like kevin!!! Iol.... listening to 1D all day errdayyy lol <U+E409>
Prosecutor: Love's mouth injuries indicate "she couldn't scream" because #Huguely covered her mouth.
WHAT GOOD MAN IS THIS? jk lol
I feel like u should never b at a bachelor party talking about malbeck
Currently listening to: Eftos - Hoax Universe on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
Oversleeping on a Sunday, then waking up to birds singing feels so natural.
It beats "command linen" which I type all too often…
HILARIOUS scene, last night, 6:30 CST: lines of harried-looking men filing in and out of the local grocery store, carrying flowers.
Realizing. I'm an analog-type girl at heart.
i do!
your such an inspiration I love you and your amazing please follow me??<U+E32A> it would mean soo much
um, prop d?
Lol anywhere but here.
i haven't had starbucks in like 3 years...
What are the best areas in Portland to live? Close to downtown?
Happy Anniversary New Mexico! 100 years of enchantment - Life is good here!
Never have I wanted to be able to translate Chinese so bad in my life as when I KNOW my employees are talking shit about me in it.
Dear uterus, please stop hurting.
Mental note--bring posterboard to
YAY!!! Thanks so much!
Grounds for divorce
G+: A new car, clean of all the dirt, wrappers, food and dandruff people left in the old one. Windshields are clean, other drivers friendly.
told you he would notice you :-)
The mind is simply the manifestation of the soul. (1850)
Funny you should mention that, we're trying to teach him! :-)
"You sound weirdly sober scott"
the "Preparing for the Holidays" class tonight has been cancelled. Sorry for any inconvenience. Help is available 24/7 via 1-800-272-3900
doing my nails on a shitty day
Some of "beliebers" are reckless.
hey! Give me a call bro, need to know if you're gonna run again in May!!
Yeah you're right about Pietrus' shooting but he's a great guy. :)
Done fucking with fake people and people that think they shit really don't care ugh
Thanks to everyone who came out to Mikey's in Milwaukee last night ! Total blast
me c:
There's a crazy old lady yelling at everyone. Are you sure I left nyc?
Cooking for the Washington Elementary Pancake Breakfast tomorrow!
Is it too early for a Friday Follow? Oh, what the heck...
RT: RT: S/O to all the fathers out there, and soon to be fathers, it truly is the best feeling in the world everyday
it's just us tonight
Oh yeah, Christine Wise for commercial casting.
Nearly full house at tonite.
Everybody does that *it's Sasha bitch
LoL! Hope you guys had an awesome Easter! :D
#ff thank you for both your professionalism and your friendship When do we start podcasting?
**Golden*** RT : #Rihanna treats music the way Chris Brown treated her.
Happy Easter to everyone in tweetsylvania!!!!
Is it bad that I go to buttercooky on a weekly basis?.
Going to get some ice cream! :D
When you give love, you get love. When you show appreciation you are appreciated. When you sow a seed you reap a harvest. What do you give?
Dear bartenders: you giving me a strong drink is a nice thought and all but I'd like to not be drunk before midnight
Just when you think you have an intelligent and friendly neighbor, he uses a sentence that contains the words "too many Mexicans."
Oh! You're welcome :)
I'm between a rock and a hard cock.
Don't judge me till you know me, don't underestimate me till you challenge me, and don't talk about me until you talk to me.
Puffing on a big fatty....
Yes it has! Definitely time :) “: I need to stop in soon it's been a while!!!”
You have a kid? Whaaaaaa?!
Wow...just found out the building I'm looking at out the window is where Louisa May Alcott lived and is said to have written Little Women!
It's a perfect night for Mumford and Sons
We are in 48hrs film festival Albuquerque, NM
I am pretty sure you wouldn't miss it ;)
Join us tonight at La Pomme say "Neesa" at the door. Find our table for a drink on us. =)
thank you!
David Holdeman on #Yeats tonight at my mum's... And say my glory was I had such friends
im so bored im sick of love song so tired of TEARS
iPod on blast in my ears <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7> while cleaning up the house for tonight RIP M.........
I dnt care anymore!!!! im gonna fantasize over yhu till i get a retweet,mentioned, or follow...
thanks for the hook up today. Can't wait to get you to the chi
I tweeted last night about one of their parking cops SPEEDING&RUNNING LIGHTS down K ST. NE! DC plate 6772.
you actually STUDY?!?! Imagine saying you want to be respected as a singer but never committing to the study of it! Sigh...
: Turning the page is the best feeling in the world because there's so much more to the book than the page you were stuck on.
Can't wait for this party:D
i miss you!
FORCING myself to call it an early night and get to bed before 4am like last night/this morning. UGH! Sleep Jane...SLEEP!
i'm sick of high school & all the drama that comes along with it too .
I'm still up
animals in the summer=vacuuming eight thousand times a day
vacation is over and now its time for my LAST quarter of
Today is going fast but slow <U+E056>
Q6: take on things that scare you.
Likewise! Glad we can exchange RTs to help one another.
: Nerd rap: Math city bitch, math math city bitch, math city bitch, math math city bitch, 10,10,10 and 20 equals 50 bitch.
continues to surprise me :)
i'm waiting for 2 years for u to follow me! <33
Hope my BF doesn't pull an Amy Chua and throw my Valentine back in my face and tell me he expected "more effort"
you guys better bring back the trivia W tonight!
shit still fuck up form last night .my dam head hurt
Curt never had anyone accuse him of using PED's at all, he pitched against juiced hitters and dominated....HOF
Great article! Best of luck in your new venture!
CUTE TWEET EMMS
HEY! Go follow these awesome bands!
Looked up and noticed something GROWING out of my gutters. Guess what I'm doing this morning. #SundayFunday ?
loll love you to
Ooh. Just saw my first Pure Michigan commercial of the season.
Do you focus on a healthy lifestyle? How do you achieve it?
Is there a way to see a list of people your following but are not following You??
S/o 2 #McDonalds for the 2 filet-o-fish meal deal!
There is strife, mortal strife, with wooden men & passionless queens & unfrocked bishops, but gambling entereth not.
ahhaha that's good! I enjoy being associated with
oops... we intended for our half-off album sale to end tonight at midnight, but albums went back to full price LAST night at midnight.(cont)
love your blog!!!
can someone tell me if they figure out a way to vote a presidential election in this country without voting for an asshole.
Now for a second run at the daily highs without Mr Tech. Amazing. There are some big hits on the NASDAQ
Just sent you an urgent email request. Please check when you can!!
Does it come in grape?
getting ready to work on artwork.
nothing left to do but smile, smile, smile!!!! (Hee Hee)
What to spend my money on...
i would love to kiss you for free if you want me too please
#SignsAPersonCan'tCook--> How do you turn on the stove? - ___ -
Save me from you!
Working on this new design for our apparel.. Taking an idea in my head and putting it down on paper with our graphics genious is always fun
IF YOUR NOT WATCHIN BGC ON MONDAYS, THAN YOUR PROBABLY WATCHING FOOTBALL...
If I lived in NO I'd be there in a heartbeat. Enjoy your lunch. FYI - They have Jimmy Johns in Seattle too...If you're in town.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." Henry David Thoreau
next years is come to sxsw and #fuckthebadge. Hang out in coffee shops and meet real people
Omw to school.getting Troy prom ticket today oh yah and btw we get out at 945
: truthful. I am the only person to whom this conversation matters.
Spain menu, shrimp/tomato jam, rabbit terrine/serrano ham, white gazpacho, fennel manchego salad. Entree to follow
what are you sorry for? I just didn't understand what you sent me earlier so I asked, "what?"
RT : i saw better debate than this last wknd in the basement of BuyBuyBaby
you're awesome :) Thank you!
They're cloves!
new playlist and everything !
#RIP #MauriceSendak :( You'll always be a part of my childhood.
what is up with that? Staying in Cincy? DO NOT MISS Montgomery Inn Ribs - best ever! We actually ship them.yum.
Let's go HEAT!
Check out the resources listed on this page for tips on how to use LinkedIn for business and marketing
Have a great day!! :)
nobody's perfect. you want someone perfect, but who is?
Did someone get Jayson Nix a security detail cause I would
for all you bud light platinum drinkers.. piss in a bottle and drink it... it will taste the same.. maybe better.
Greatness is a choice which is why not everyone attains it. - David Anderson
Most of you are familiar with U-shaped pillows. Have you heard about Heart shaped pillow to avoid neck pains?
Our new library festivities are complete. Yes! Building/equipping/staffing school libraries still a priority? Yes!
better to show up at 9pm when the screening starts
thank u lol
EVERYTHING IS BEAUTIFUL AND NOTHING HURTS.
Located on Asia Trail, this otter exhibit is one of the largest in the nation!
you loved them
Where have you been all my life -life -life -life
Btw, if you wouldn't mind reviewing Springpad in the app store or Android marketplace, that would be awesome!!
i'm henry, a library student at
I want a puppy!
Beacon Hill is made up of mostly democrats. Is one party rule a problem in #mapoli? Does it contribute to our #corruptionrisk?
After our tangent, our professor started lecturing like he was double-parked.
Thanks Looking forward to your tweets! :)
I decided long ago, never to walk in anyone's shadow,if I fail if I succeed at least I did as I believe - Whitney Houston RIP we'll miss you
Huckabee , who claims to represent Jesus, Implies Link Between Gay Marriage And Broken Homes,
Out shopping :D rawrrrrr :D
I WANT TO KNOW
Back to back solid starts from and down in WV. Definitely nice to see.
I'll have to go check it out, and maybe grab a skinny triple venti macciato
yes. we were so young and thick-headed. and possessing unsophisticated technology. but g-s-h, timeless.
It is my pleasure. Steamy in Chgo...thought of you with our humidity. Happy hopeful day to you.
Wonder how many parallels there are between Broadway vs. Cirque and Droid vs iPhone
at a friends house
Ugh! Ran kings full into quads in omaha. I think I paid off one too many bets. 20k now at 2/4 limits.
Hahah preferably not at a place where groping is socially acceptable. Yes! Let's do it!
I'd first want to figure out how/if it relates to DICOM.
Yeah I've done things I'm not proud of, but I've changed since then.
Make sure to like our page on Facebook!! Thanks for the support!
If someone's dumb enough to walk away, be smart enough to let them go.
man... then like hmm i have no clue i would have to be over to come up with ideas lmfao
When am I gonna learn to never say "I think I'm gonna make it an early night."
So happy and proud of a certain client who is making huge progress!!!!!!
I succumb to peer pressure FAR too easily lol. Sigh.
This past weekend has killed me .
you are a horrible person!!!
Gonna b a lot of great boxing and UFC fights tmrw. Imma have to figure out how to watch the Mayweather vs Cotto while being at the UFC fight
Keep up the solid work on i2k. Loving these articles!
what are you guys up to after that
TODAY will be at the Vendor's Village in the parking lot of the East Bay Church, 4130 Telegraph Avenue. Pick up your BESTO PESTO!
Billick asks "How does the mission statement affect the workforce?" great concept
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 53
"Slogging" is a word we don't hear often enough.
I just heard the cutest song... It's sang by Lena Horne (among others) called "Deed I Do". It's so pretty!
Yes mam! All day!!
Just saw the email -- congrats on NMRT!
SCORE! :p
Dominican coins currency!
I remember the time when I was playing basketball one time: I was waiting for an inbound pass and got an elbow to the head. ...
shopping day w/ sister and nephew (:
hey girly. How are you? We should be twitter sistas, what do you say? Lol
Hardware cos want to be in Software, Software cos want to be in hardware! Google Heads-Up Display Glasses by Year's End:...
Strangely, you've tweeted something I completely agree with. Well said.
iknow all u spurs fans are hoping for another ring during this shortened season...#think again ,not gone happn heat king the james
I want to make love with you can I?
Can't even enjoy my date because I'm so upset with you... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
And I was invited???!
I knew all these years of spongebob would pay off
Just saw Christian Bale on the red carpet with Robin Roberts! His greatest performance tonite? Acting surprised during acceptance speech!
I'm people watching and saw three people wearing tails in the last 20 minutes. Not sure I dig that look.. Umm no thank you.
everytime I hear nirvana I miss seattle. :(
Wow my followers are being mean to me... :-(
Vincent it won mobile application development project from a u.k based church. So far we have delivered mobile apps related to streaming, s…
Death Cab for Cutie - You Are A Tourist is on my mind today.
She got hit by a car when she Wasn't jaywalking, but I've been the biggest advocate of crosswalks forever!
i've had plenty of those..
i love you so much.Thank you for existing.
I feel like taking pictures.
S/O Spring Will Go In!!! Styrofoam Rocket Ship!!! NASA Shit!!!
I didn't want tonight to end with
i suppose I am
B hasn't called me? Fucks on his skillet?
because the cellphone lines were jammed due to earthquake.
Um how come the one day I really wanna go to bamboozle I have like 3 things to do that day? Excuse your bad timing everyone
We are closed for the holiday. Happy Thanksgiving!
Good morning to all and good luck to all.
He lives in Arizona. I never met him in person. Why do I feel this way?
At APLU learning about #highered role in aligning HE curricula with common core state standards.
August already?! Where did the summer go?
Wow, nice attitude, where'd you get it? "abercombie & bitch" ?(:
I could eat broccoli all day...I love it! lol
Richard, thanks for the shout out. Have a great holiday!
I plead the fifth on that one. I do, however, stand by my dislike of having her voice follow sufjan's "holy, holy, holy."
I can't wait either! Loved that show!
I think I may have to return to WFAN! Lol
I need to get better so I can put up numbers
Boise State shutting up UGA and all the SEC loudmouths tonight, proving they could compete for an SEC Championship year in and year out.
I know you moved past me, just the fact i still love you keeps you holding on.
Watch "The Commission (I Am Citi Boi & Dub-D) "Miss Me With That Bullshit"...
Diabolical gnomes with dark matter running through their veins ..? Pervert;p
Swiss cheese crepes and a sausage! Good breakfast, after a sweet evening ride out to the numbers, checking locations. MKE. Life rules.
Hope 2 meet u at the M&G on the 13.
Your custom videos would be a great reward and project on Use it to pre/up-sell
Big thanks to and for a great interview at #DSE2012 yesterday.
When a person appears in your dreams, that person misses you.
600+ more traffic accidents occur in WV after #Nascar races (typically 5 days) #massmediaexposure via on
I just added a second filter to the per-note signal chain. Now my synth can talk! It's saying "Yoyoyoyoyoy! "
At Boeing field watching the blue angels!
The humidity is starting to decrease! Oh happy day!
i boarded 25 min ahead and they were acting like i had 1 min to spare. super weird
I was thinking there needs to be an SKC scrub hat or at least a patch so we can make our own
I have no friends in Dylans blog right now. ):
Happy #ChocolateWeek! Don't forget to #wax!
Turninnnnnn up son
happy to follow!
Harry, you know better than that. Ignore him.
stopped my diet today to enjoy this food <U+E427>
Oracle Engineered Systems Power CISDI to Establish Cloud Computing Platform
Back from the snow! I repped a different #spirithood each day :) Lake Tahoe needs more SpiritHoods!
Miracles and Modern Madness!
Has anyone had "Admiral" Stache yet?
Bravo bravo bravo bravo bravo
i have no clue what ur just tweeted me.. Lol
The crux of this argument is why is one the favorite and one the best? To you personally.
I need a shot <U+E30C>
I'm with your hubby on this one :)
A5: Get noticed by the people who matter most.
Went out last night and they played Damn D - Love Me!!! Haha
S/O to u
That's my hope : Tebow will be back as a back up to Peyton. He will be a starter for the Broncos in 3 years.
switching out my closet - i like my warm weather clothes way more.
For Neuro recovery Yawning till tears in eyes helps voice/swallow & may stop drooling
Where is the sign up sheet? Where we going?
Word up! What were they promoting?
this is me replying to your tweet :D
Finally has Zotero standalone alpha playing nice with Chrome.
If you want to pre-order a shirt and get FREE stuff you will have until next Wednesday at midnight to pre-order! :D Shirt+Bracelet+Surprises
The Champ is Here!
oxygen rush. I just finished a 3.01 mi run with a pace of 7'55"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
i cant answer ur question unless you follow me! It Wont Let Me Send You A Massage
My 4 year old cousin in here having a convo with me like she a grown woman.! Don't make #NOSENSE.!
Snow storm in October 70 degrees in November?
the loveable, huggable imperfectly me tweet
Have cranes come in?
“: Love this!-In life's journey, you're either climbing, camping, or you are coming down the mountain. #keepclimbing” So true xo
There ain't no way we cliccin up if I wasn't with you when I was broke,And if we was cool and you fucced that up we'll neva be cool nomo
IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH IF AMAZING U WOULD PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK PLEASE UR SO AMAZING SO PROUND OF U AND UR SOO ADORABLE <333333
Thank you. My niece and I were just talking about our problems with iTunes sync. Sometimes feel as if we're the only ones.
#indiewview a4: Yes my ND husband claims those Kansans and Neb's have it far worse because of the lower temp
You are dumb. You are really dumb. You can go and tell that! Homeboy!
Miz lost. Not surprised. Star is falling fast. It's a shame too
Larry Mccarren just heard some fans saying"Kuhn...Kuhn...Kuhn..
MY NIGGGGGA :D
#whitelions on nature on followed by #deadliesttornadoes on nova. whats up
Oh, HOWEVER, if it is CLOUDY, how DO we find the NORTH STAR? Hm...
Are you watching Family Guy, too?
We're recruiting. Send pic and res to
no worries just needs to put it back up!! lol
Thank you for your blog, I have learned so much !
#iew #gilman for US students and opportunity for internat'l students increases diversity of study abroad and access to educational exchange
that's the most common used cop out to avoid the discomfort of talking about slavery and i hate it smh
So im takin a extra day to work tomorrow....moe $$$$moe$$$$
time to open up at the mall =D
I'm always trying to act like nothing's wrong; but in actuality, I'm a fucking train wreck.
Everybody chill. Obama's got this.
Hey, headach any better? ": Can't shake this headache.....feel awful"
hao do u do?
What does that look like for you day to day?
Happy Birthday! 60 years doesn't come easy...it's your top notch style and consistant quality that has brought you this far.
Thanks for the follow! Love the harmonies!
I am to done... Back on Twitter.
You To Have S Good Day.!! -New Twitter Follower
People that sanctuate! MUST be fans of The Terminator movies...Everyone keeps saying "I'll be back."
The amount of love someone feels for you is inversely proportional to how much you love them.
sounds great Deb, just left you a reply ;) Cheers!
it's been a blast this weekend and it only gona get better look at all my new pictures ;D
S/o 2 the big homie
We don't do anything in the Spring. We just bring them back for a few days before the 1st session in the summer to train.
power out?
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Brian Boyle <U+2665>
Hey boys, read 's tweets and take notes.. Maybe you'll actually pick up a classy girl.
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen its obvious you tweet from your $10 phone al the time :p
I'm over here watching these Ethiopians argue lol
The heat is on
Looking like a nap, how u
Jammin out to some of this new playlist doin me some good today
Good luck! That would be great.
La plus belle <3
I feed 1 wife, 2 kids, 3 dogs, 1 fish, 1 lizard (new addition) and my wife says I have to feed the crickets he eats
There's A Difference Between What We Look For, What We Settle For, & What We Are Meant For...
and then he cancels on you XD
The #Spurs honored the Hispanic population by adding "Los" in front of "Spurs" on their jerseys. Really guys? Fail.
damn why do I have to be all that?!
When planning for a year, plant corn. When planning for a decade, plant trees. When planning for life, educate people. -Chinese Proverbs
How was it?
Dumb whiny bitches need to chill the fuck out cry me a fucking river #
Finna finish English paper
Well, lets see what tomorrow brings..
Found out today that my son is not good with skates, perfect #lambda kid
you left Micheal's folder here!!
Ramona Singer Bikinis in the Caribbean (PHOTOS) Real Housewives of New York star Ramona Singer ditched the concrete jungle to spend the h
of course !lol
Angie asks "What more can be done?"
you make me get the butterflys (;
I ate it in college...and was introduced by an old friend from Australia. It does have its appeal.
Somalia's Shabab network opens a twitter account, using it to taunt their enemies. via Jeffrey Gettleman at New York Times
what's good ms.
Does anyone have recommendations for free/inexpensive screen capture software that my students could use for a class project? I know of Jing
getting it in with these finals!!! who then time for music music and mo music!!!
do you know or just a super fan?
How was it??
The honesty from Josh Hamilton is stunning. No notes. No prepared speech. Just his raw soul on display for everyone to see.
What do you guys think about these scents for my new body scrubs: Island Berry, Crumb Cake, Coconut Cream, Lemon Drop & Margarita?
Cant wait to watch!! I Love Brittany! RT : "I have pepperoni in my bra" - Brittany "those are your nipples..." - Santana
Can hardly wait for
haha wow that's retarded
For revision I'm just recopying notes atm for a few sections to refresh my memory and then maybe some xtra readings frm syllabus
Getting money? I could call you at anytime of the day & you'll be at home. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Will Grayson, Will Grayson. The beginning was fun but I lost interest. 75 pages to freedom!
would read anything you wrote...funny, clever and astute are always welcome
Photos change too-used to be me in bathing suit holding booze. Now it's all scenic (& I'm covered up)
Congrats to Robert Gyimah on his first Toastmasters speech. From Ghana; English 2nd lang. Great job! Welcome to the other side of the wall.
barf in your beard
cool man steve thomas comes through there often too
No to all. Keep trying. What would absolutely prevent me from watching the whole draft??!!
Some people want to blame God for the whole male/female concept, but I'm pretty sure it's one of those ideas that came out of a committee.
Amawele's doing their thing at a South African Market!
i will tell him you said so.
woah (big sean v
Advice from the CEO of Zappos
I really think this guy is crazy. Like completely mentally insane.
no the town copied Set it off , set it off came out almost 10yrs b4 the town Did you ever see the town?
RT When boys grab your chin and kiss you. <U+2764>
Natl media: no story here move along
thanks for the acknowledgement! We need everyone in this fight!
Yes, she was a jerk for that...
Cloud Browse 3.0 has been released in Ireland, UK, Australia, Singapore, New Zealand and Philippines, check it out and pass it along!
At Cave CREEK Regional Park in Scottsdale Az
thank you!!! See you next week!
Man if this is wat i got f... it the hell with it
And the Poet is offically back!
“: Congratulations are in order for anyone you look up to. Can't hate on hard work.. #realtalktuesday”
I might have a date. Maybe I dreamt it?
Pancakes? RT : Breakfast for lunch.
U live. U learn. U get the hell over it.
So true! RT Hey. Stop doing that. It's kinda gross and everyone always notices then talks about it later when you leave.
Unemployment is always "down" to those who are employed. Many thousands of 45-60 yr old execs nationwide aren't so sure.
Act like a lady, but never think like a man!! A women should have common sense to know what's real and what's not!!!
Watching Otto of at #vatorsplash - so awesome! We love using Flowdock.
The countdown is on for the sexiest party of the year! Buy tickets today at LostWeekend.Eventbrite.com and enter discount code getlost.
Halfway into Torchwood S2, this one's better than S1. But Reese is a real prick. And it seems I need to watch Dr. Who to get some references
Right; figured it was an automated msg the service plugged in, but the fact they signed up for it is sad.
Last night was amazing hahaa!
Congrats to FSU WAP for 25 amazing years! Glad we were part of the celebrations.
While we are bashing Melo, let's try to remember the last time we had a top flight talent come to #NYK in his prime.
How is that sunburn? haha
Thanks! I loved it too. We have clever editors here :)
That sounds AWESOME! I'll report back! thank you!
True: life N a suitcase = not too fun. But u 2 will look back on the adventure of it & think: how romantic.
My thoughts and prayers are with his family, Mike D., and Ad-Rock." Eminem talking about the death of MCA.
Hoping my friends in Utica, NY don't get the white stuff like WNY! Just plain rain in MD
Next pitch - bring #solarpower to Liberia.
: I object, strenuously, to this bill because, if any public school is failing, then forcing a student to stay is useless!
today is my b-day
What the world needs is more geniuses with humility, there are so few of us left....
I'm doing good. How r u ??
Banana but muffin w/ banana cream oatmeal.
But I have gotten ahead of myself. More on the morrow, when I shall relate what brought me within the gates of the enemy.
RT : Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. ~ Henry Ford
i'm listening "Reckless And Relentless" by
Happy houring w at Brio. Such an amazingly nice evening!
Hahaha why did you give me a shoutout?
underwear up ass!!!!!! AH
Skype, You let me down. But the ole' conference call will save me. This means I won't have to explain to colleagues the tobaggin im wearing
Why doesn't #TheBiggestLoser try a #rawfooddiet ? Have you tried it? Lets ask <- Raw Vegan NFL Pro-Bowler
Tips on using Twitter for real-time reporting at "Tweet It Now" this Thur Feb 16, 6:30 pm at Studio. Free for SPJ members, $5 others.
Middle of week one.....
Tempurpedic pricing is going up October 18th! If you have been eyeing a bed, now is the time to buy!
shoutout for his hard work and hustle.
you were struggling with half our starters out, imagine this game if they were playing!
It's election day in Liberia! VIA is excited to follow the action :) We'll keep you up to date!
Ikr! I was scared there for a while TJ. (;
RT : No one ever choked to death swallowing his pride. — Anon
Another daylight savings time fiasco. Woke up 2hrs late & never heard any alarm. Plus I teach 2 courses 2day - 1 seminar-style 4 3hrs.
agreed. Be happy. Fear not. /cc and
at 1st glance it looks like LAC gave up a ton,but they get 2 draft picks in return & there are some great players coming up.
yeah, I hate having to see that stupid bird on the stadium
The genius who used Twitter to write his memoirs backwards.
Miss you!
Hey everyone sorry I didn't follow some of u back I will try my best to follow everyone
OK, realistically, I was just enjoying the quests this morning. I love a good quest.
yes please. You name the place and we will go dance and drank and dance and drank
- I agree completely! She's even good as a bad girl!
eh...if he likes it and he's smart about it I don't see the harm ;p
Clarity of mind means clarity of passion, too; this is why a great and clear mind loves ardently and sees distinctly what it loves.
2nd Component of ethics training: Promote openness to delivering bad news. Fear of sharing fosters unethical behavior
Eho boo! :D x
Come see OBOSD author Zoe Ghahremani speak 5/2 at Geisel Library, 3;00 p.m. University of California San Diego!
Scored a role in a documentary drama based on events surrounding WW2. Playing an interesting character.
“: A guy who cheats on a girl who would give him the world is just down right #stupid”
really enjoyed her first Day. Nice way to celebrate my 5 year wedding anniversary to
Engaging content producers
Art walk and square one.
The Bulls are out playing the Heat
more detailed e-mail about agenda for Accessibility Camp DC coming out over weekend or early Monday morning.
3. F*** this. Never use blog again.
our Robyn is a sports fan now, ! RT : Watching my 2nd FSU game of the weekend in Austin. What.
Thanks to everyone who came to Landscape Night! What was your favorite part of the evening? Thanks again to guest host
Job Search
- I know - something wonky was going on with my computer ... side not.. was bummed you didn't answer the DM I sent you :/
Ireland? What the he'll do the Irish know about food and wine?
Why we love Steve: RT : I thought yesterday was the first day of the rest of my life but it turns out today is.
no problem
Have a happy Merry Christmas :)
nm doing he which is hell wbu
alright twitterverse: kindle touch or nook simple touch?
solid, James!
Thanks for the order Josh! Well… you do live in round rock :) I still owe you a lunch, too.
Who's that?
Jim Edmonds has to have the best wall catches of all time
Can't make it feel right when its Wrong
RT : "If Jesus saw it as valuable to give you, you need to see it as valuable to use." -
Agreed! Thanks again!
- agreed! the site was pure support for Met and opera overall.
Love is the most powerful force on earth...
Turbo Jam - Done! 723 calories burned in 40 minutes! Whew!
I wish I was a billionaire. The Buffet rule wouldn't worry me.
Bed lat. Wake up late that's the life
Happy St, Patricks Day!
Meet Justin Bieber here @@ www.bit.ly/cSGyaG
Brewers still tied for MLB Central even as they are gobstopped in the 1st inning today by Cinci (but now tied in top the 6th). Go Crew!
They definitely left the ending to Dark Shadows open for another movie.
don't forget me
INSANITY means doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
mainly that people seem to forget that celebrities are human too...despite how often most people forget that.
Thanks for the great performances everyone! RT : Great concert tonight. Thank you New York! And we're out.
Don't get me wrong, I love iPhones. I just prefer Androids because I'm used to them
Happy Leap Day!
There's few greater feelings than finishing a project earlier than expected, especially when you love the final result.
JDI program director Sasha Gear & Des Lesejane welcoming delegates to a prison's roundtable discussion in Cape Town
Why is "10 Must-Follow Tumblrs on Twitter??? LOL
Callback for Monday?? I guess the soda can I placed in the auditioning room really worked! They want me to go back and pick it up! LOL..
Thank you for all your kind words about your film, we appreciate it! We had a great time working with you...so much fun!
Sunday's are so fucking depressing.
I'm seriously out ragged that is total BS
": Horny as shit"<----freak ass bull
omg mother nature why must you torture me for this long please stop I'm gonna go insane
So that's the noise... working on Brooklyn Bridge overnight.. shoot...
this is your agent?
I can do this all night
Hey, I'm gonna head out to the company rafting trip now... How's that?
Cheese for dinner? Hokay. A quiet house for a whole hour? HokAY!
oh snap..Not even nervous! ... Ok maybe a little
There are so many biblical laws that most Christians ignore, enforcing some in our constitution is total hypocrisy.
Not Irish but Murphy's law is rampant oy vey
And in this case, the pilot isn't gonna be able to pull over and let you out. So hopefully it goes a little smoother
Thank you -- that's the plan.
I got two grades from last semester in so far. Both are A's. Waiting on two more.
New Ep "If Only.." is now available on Itunes and a limited number of hard copies!!!!
I watched that last night with my cousins!.(: I cried!. :'( haha(:
Yes im sha can im confident .. thank you for the complements haters i couldnt give a fuq where im from dah projects Nighas 2 be continued
Got my hair re-colored! Kind of expensive but i like it :)
After a while people get sick of waiting and they run elsewhere,but always give u a chance to chase dem & if you don't they're gone forever.
The vitality of thought is in adventure. Ideas won't keep. Something must be done about them. Whitehead, Alfred North
Reid just held up a peace sign and said "Burgundies!!"
The 54th Annual Grammy Awards...somewhere along the way I lost track of time and got old. Who are all these people other than "The Boss?"
Heyy, follow me?
I got some PA speakers and a tape deck mixer you can use... hope dass not too vintage for you
Amanda Righetti likes DNA Imprints at the Golden Globes
No problem :)
don't you love when it lightly snows? It gives the world that grainy, 70's documentary look
": ": If you can conquer your mind, you can conquer the world.." damn lb confuscious" lol
I have a can of kraut I can bring from home!! ;)
Of all the attractions, Jollyball delights me most.
Fullers(Shop-n-Kart) donuts are best donuts ever!!!!
Just ordered the Adobe Suite Creative Cloud for $29.99 a month for 1 year cos we already own a program. Ready for it to go live May 7th!
lol srry i havent been replying,ive been watching random youtube videos
that's so true Sarah and may i add not only tempt you but u wind up actually doing that which you said you would not do!!!
looking to purchase a discs only subscription for ma and pa who think streams are where you catch fish. Help!
The NFL sh/ seriously consider stripping the Super Bowl title from the 2010 Saints. Cheaters sh/not be allowed to prosper.
hey what a coincidence, neither is mine ;)
Congrats to Mark D., Lisa C. and Katie on your promotions!
Don't know if I'm going over there
Happy Valentine's Day to the most beautiful, most amazing, sweetest girl on the face of this earth! My daughter,
#Colts played much better tonight. This season, so far, shows how much we've been spoiled over the years, Indy! We'll get back on top soon!
My thing is this; if I'm sick enough to think it, then I'm sick enough to say it.
Super cute :)
Money displacement. No one talks about it. Why? Not bullish. The Morgan trade and FB. Where does the money come from that fills the trade
Had a great first Executive Board meeting for the 2011-2012 school year. Expect big things this year!
Its not a sex tape if we know it coming. If she was smart she would make VIVID give her a contract
Oh no! Feel better! I was there recently as well. #luckfupus indeed.
Sure did and I keep getting the same error message.
Bad Pun otD:When Nixon met Mao, Nixon tried to hug the aging despot He was sternly reminded by Kissinger:"Please don't squeeze the Chairman"
School is gat
Quit budweiser tonight and told the supervisor i hope you die of "high definition Aids". (A.I.D.S.H.D.)
Hello beautiful people.
I aint no bitch, and im not going to be treated like a bitch
Taking Stock Of The Wreckage In Miami
Best spot during #sb46 was the Clint Eastwood Chrysler ad by far. It will be remembered as one of the best ever. It stressed hard work!
Noise levels are picking up in Studios E/F. As though everyone's here for something big. Predict eerie hush in exactly 12 minutes.
#mla12 #s215 : at beginning of southernspaces.org little consideration for sustainability, as w/ most OA journal projects.
Listening with your entire body is a special present moment awareness practice. We can learn so much when we really listen
#BackInElementarySchool Field day was basically "Who's the best athelete?" I would always be one of the best
I didnt know u had a son
Never liked in soccer teams just trying to kill time while they are ahead... That's what happens! Just like that... Timbers lose. Wow!
« I have such a crappy phone.» LOL >.<
Get Austin Mahone Verified :)
pretty sure on MTV they have it spelled Gianni, god I hope you spelled your bf's name wrong!
I think that is good luck.....or just shit luck. One or the other.
great job!
you as well my young apprentice.
I think enduring, committed love between a married couple, along with raising children, is the most noble act anyone can aspire to.
Home from softball try outs a long day hope I make it I get the papper tomorrow if I make it or not :-)
Great day at the lake today lots of tubin behind the boat. Wore out ombre
Lots of #appengine evolution to get my head around!
APorco_21: You swear for no reason.
We were looking at them for a smaller data center, looks like we're being pushed to the 7k here!
Starting this March I will be a fulltime #soccerhooligan and a part-time #normalperson!
i wish we could snuggle! Ily
“Success will never be a big step in the future; success is a small step taken just now.” ~Jonatan Mårtensson
Anybody else tired of hearing about #WindowsPhone7 already? Let's get back to the important #Android topics...
“: I'm feelin a full out Twitter war.... #classic” #fightforfreedom <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
grateful for the follow-happy Tuesday!
Cold, post cycling salty lemonade is the fresh maker!
unemployment sickness is the best. I watched so much LOST.
Agreed. As they say in my neighborhood, Newt is "punkin' out!"
Lol i love you RT Headed to 7/11 for a beer and a hot dog.
I know you've been told this and I know the real issue is structural racism that allows for BS--but you're amazing.
Letting go is hard. But sometimes, holding on is harder.
Tell me about it, I live in the South now.
Today sucked.
"KeyBank Agrees To Forgive Student Loans Of Dead Rutgers Student #huffpost They- do- have a heart. It just took a petition with 75k sigs!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to all our friends! And to a wonderful 2012!
I'm ready to play!
Yoga classes for Flamencos start this Friday evening. Alena will be our resident Yogi - thank you Alena!
Best restaurant ever!!! Have fun, so jealous
hahaha i have big test that week...practice ELA's so i can't goo :(( but whenever they go on tour here im goingg defff
Birds don't pray for long wings.
What are you eating while your tweeting today?
I win. I'm always right.
Anyone have a favorite "how to" video? Good or bad instructional video from YouTube, etc? Gathering examples to use for class.
In case u think Pujols is washed up, he just launched a rocket into left field seats agnst Floyd & #whitesox...damn!
Join us for some Sunday Funday shenanigans in the snow!!! God I love Wisconsin...and Sundays!
Haha, best snow on earth!
hm, are yu a boring texter?
Whether it's an air conditioner installation, new filters, heat pumps or furnace, experience the total comfort of our heating solutions now!
Thanks! Great to see you too! And we're psyched about the 2nd location too :-)
Get ready for a ton of great stuff to be announced!
Waiting until there were 20 minutes left in the day to check in with all the other courts probably wasn't the best idea.
thatmeansthat ur related 2 lizzie whos related 2 austin who i can meet & marry so ill be related 2 u & lizzie
Nothing brings the boys to the yard like 3 boxes of cat litter and a multi-pack of tampons.
R.Kelly needs to do a song with Mr. Big again!!!
"this fuckin lesbo thinks she can just go around and take pics with my babies like it’s nothing i’m gonna cRY I HATE U AMBER"
Toucher! : I love Carson too lol (:
Acai Plus is going international and will soon available in 200 countries.
My life will never be the same again, Why cant life be simple.?</3 -Katelyn<3
See "Play Ball" newest candle warmer in the collection! Too cute and perfect for a boys or collector's room
New poll expected today from Marquette U researcher. Interesting to see where the recall candidates fall.Polls have been all over the place.
Friday night in Chicago at a tattoo convention and I'm sitting in a hotel room reading a book, I'm such a party animal
Feeling Minnesota tonight.
Trying out & to see which is the better online personal task management tool. Suggestions are welcome.
BMW's March car sales break all monthly records BMW said first-quarter new-car sales were the highest ever on the back of March sales tha
she's lost. “: where you think you're goin baby?”
you're a saint! I miss you a lot!
They try to do it every year, sometimes every other year. This time it will be close to Larry's bday in July!
Honestly, no one knows more about my inner workings than the checkout girl at my local Barnes&Noble.
I'm still drunk from last night.
:( are you serious about all of the ultimate VIP's being sold out ?
Going to school); I hate Mondays im tired then after i have to go to Volleyball practice grrr
RT its called "parenting" RT : Having great day baby sitting youngest daughter while Wendi takes Grace...
Tonight: Rookie of the Year, Since Forever, Like the Stars and The Greater The Risk Show starts at 7pm- Get Here!!!
Seeing my very talented friend in #WhatToExpectMovie tonight!! :)
Watching QVC Beach Boys thing, I was wishing Brian Wilson said something crazy. Unfortunately he was surprisingly normal.
Just saw your ESPN story, all the best for you and your family!!
what the hell is this nicki
#10ThingsIDislike Reading the books we get assigned in English class.. #1984 #TheStrangers thank god for sparknotes
I guess that's why I wound up in TV not print! Paul-A!
Lol especially you RT : People be doing others so wronq for no reason.
I'm in that bitch and my song gone play in the club
Get a FREE $20 coupon and an additional $10 coupon for each new friend you bring to our Medical Weight Loss seminar 1/18/11 – 412-681-6400
I was going to go to the gym today, but I cant let down my boys & not watch game 1.
- WriteFentyIn.com is officially challenging Gray to a debate. This campaign is far from over...
is preparing some interesting stuff.
hahahahaha post the video!
You can't judge a book by its cover, but the cover gives a pretty fucking good idea about the book.
Thanks to for putting us over the top. 2012 followers in 2012!
I know how they feel. It's scary doin that online, but it's a secure connection and I'm sure you could send it in.
CNN Founding Producer: Terrific! A Marvelous Program!
I feel good
Best Holiday Vacation Spots in the Swiss Alps
sounds good but cold. Do you think it would be good warm?
Monsters are in Houston tonight. HUGE HUGE game for Lake Erie
very true
I'm officially DONE and it's not even Wednesday.
Final Day of #C2E2, Come by table J-14 in the Artist Alley. By art from Dave Losso , get free stuff from myself and CON!!!!!!!!!
RT : The PC is 30 years old today. Happy Birthday PC!
erik 2 weeks into fantasy and your last place, lmao pay up limp dick fuckers
Barkley: "Every pro player in any sport has probably played with a gay person... man, we need to outlaw guys who suck at sports.”
On a train that hit a car...
To prevent bike congestion, integrated transit solutions are not an option. The same with car congestion
My Favorite Pop is PEPSI .'
You're so disciplined. I wrote off the day after coffee this morning with a friend. I'm envious.
The iPod helped Apple rise from the dead in the last decade
Nick Johnson wouldn't even be the best player at Calvert Hall High School
yeah, i could've told you that/
One word...High
Question on 2013 event re: a Twitter hashtag. Do they follow the #FETC <Year of Event> construct? Trying to build a list for client.
Hello Pot, meet Kettle. Guess what? You both are black!
I like when men try to be tactful when asking for my number
At work grinding!
NOW INTERVIEWING ON
What does your kid do that always makes you laugh?
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal......
Excited to eat Fish House in #Pensacola for Ernie and Luly's rehearsal dinner.
A big "in your face!" to the "climatology science" major who eaves dropped on my conversation and told me it wasn't going to rain tonight.
how could I forget?
Can't figure out what to get the person who has EVERYTHING? SJ's has "Joe Bucks", the perfect gift for that ice cream & coffee lover.
thanks sorry i like havent been on here in a while!
Technology is amazing: now we can even access the fountain of youth without surgery! Thanks to we can all stay in Jr High forever!
**about #tweetfail d:
Listening to a webinar that my Dad is giving about RTCA/DO-178C - way over my head - at least now I know where my nerdiness comes from
Coming Up: 8th Annual Roadhouse Brewfest at Cornelius Pass Roadhouse on July 11th. Come sample 8 ales, live music, food specials and more!
Come On, ONLY one more follower!!!
Your right its our job to reveal all facts and see whose really telling the truth
Tune into the "State of the Union" delivered by #POTUS tonight @ 9 pm EST
ya cocaine's a hell of a drug
Good night everyone!!
I'll try to send details if I can calm down enough to set them down.
How come black people are just born with cool-ness? It's not fair how hard I have to work.
Well, it's on and in alright RT Getting it on. While the parasite gets it on.
they finally noticed?
RT : Its Freezing in Florida!! Be sure to pick up a WEST Wetsuit at your local core surf shop and keep warm this winter in the...
they haven't lost a thing. Great fun!
You gotta love New England today 60 degrees, now snowing and 20 degrees... :(
Perfection isn’t real, and looks don’t really matter. How sweet, how true, how caring, how kind, that’s all that really matters
“: you have a bday every month don't you lol”<~ every other month.
#Peace.. Without our fan support none of this would matter. Many blessings to all of you! Stay Drivn.
an early Happy Mother's Day to my beautiful Mum who i can't possibly live without despite all the things we go throughh <3
sometimes you have to realize it's just not meant to be
Hey Stranger. How have you been? You're so right about peace being priceless!
I do not like alternate side parking.
Ed Witkowiak? I think it's James....
also really really looking forward to hanging with Fred Hersch this weekend. Glad he's in town.
We're launching this year in the US after 40 years in the European Retail and Designer Market, have a look at our website.
The dogg is in the buildin!
Bulls held it DOWN !
Okay tweeps, anybody have a great skincare product for minimizing pores?
: I appreciate the shout out.
We'll take flattery any day. RT : Powell Library is so fancy and beautiful... I almost can't stand it
I got complemented by somebody I have a crush on today lol I was on 10 after that lol
Hain Celestial Announces Expansion Of International Corporate Headquarters On ...: By The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. MELVILLE, NY, Ma...
i love them.
"Nirvana manifests as ease, as love, as connectedness, as generosity, as clarity, as unshakable freedom." J.K.
Really getting sick of this humidity, #Austin It feels like #Houston out here! Ugh, my poor hair.
Movies with Tata for the rest of the night I guess (y)
you guys absoulutely deliver all the anime goods from classics to modern. It's rewarding now that you've come to Xbox :-)
Just secured a fashion #internship in #NYC for a #highschool student from los angeles
Happy birthday, Israel!
Missin my boo
"Dreams don't work unless you do." -CS
hahahahaha don't be mad
I have blueberry pancakes. not to make it worse or anything.. lol :)
Poopy! ): Well, we'll try next weekend. anytime, just tell me. Okay? I need to get da money.
The weekend is shaping up to be great, not to mention my Saturday night is not gonna happen. Stay twune for the tweettails! #TCIF Happy
France is the largest country by population in the European Union (65 million people)
Journey=Drink #bachelor I am now sending a message in a bottle too. To my bartender. More booze. Now.
Did a little work convo last night, and we are gonna use someone different for the website. Since its been stagnant. Can't wait!
I didn't know Tim Tebow was in Mumford & Sons!?!
I miss Chris Farley.
hehe, sorry. I reply you, and what are you doing?
and Dont be too Salty, but I may be a player (:
Ah I live Dierks Bentley and Miranda Lambert. <3
I like getting followers the old fashioned way thank you very much.
oh ahhahah sorry i took to long to respond
do you ever truly miss Austin?? And when do you see him next??:)
We will be closed December 24TH and 25TH in observance of Christmas!
Exciting news - The guys will be developing 2 signature cocktails, inspired by #MadMen, for BRAVO on May 17.
ouch.. plus $10 beers!
Want to read my webpage? www.AprilVampire.com
what? Now what is the reason?
Passing time this drive reading all tweets out loud.
This is the funniest #SNL opening I've seen in a long, long time.
I will never respect a man who grounds into a double play. EVER.
NBA playoffs start today!
joins , CIS of Richmond Co. & Richmond Co. Schools in showcasing #YoungExplorer unit today. elected officials and media, welcome!
I'm pretty sure A New Hope takes place over like a week. Once day you're heading to Tashi station, the next you're blowing stuff up.
Dont take my kids anywhere and not tell me where your going!!
We get it - you're a vegan. Shut up already.
Done, you tore it up!!!!!
Tattoos, Weed, Clothes, & 'Swag' Does NOT Make You A Boss. A Diploma, A Degree, & A Job Does.
I'm watching last week's Glee!!! Santana as Selena!!! Ah!!!
Aww I'm sorry :(
She lives at your place and doesn't pay rent?
Hey Spotify, why does the best of the '80s playlist need to be updated weekly? Are there new '80s hits being released?
Good grief computer, you've been acting funny the last day or so, and now you're giving me the wrong time...
Zone-Reflex: Researchers may have discovered how memories are ...
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear You should get tested...via #Dying!!!
“: Grandpas advice when it comes to women: be like Jesus, love em all.” hahahahahaha oh William
Thanks for the add, Dana.
text me when you get to Vegas for VIP connections 702-556-5062
Unfortunately, we can't legally ship directly to people. Stupid laws.
Hoping all is well in Oakland. Missing in Athens.
Uhh So tired! ;/
good morning twitter
Last night was love.
Wanna know how good a basketball player Blake Griffin is? Reggie Evans is playing in crunch time in a Game 7 while Griffin is on the bench.
yes!!! it'll be so much fun!!
That is a myth that is dangerous...What about Nurses share your pressure...Team work Team work...yeah!
cause I felt like it
A little under 80 hours left between then and now. Plenty of time to catch it all.
Dear #Seattle, I want to ride my #bike here but I'm terrified. She's quite pretty and strong and wants to go outside. Please advise.
Hi David! We sent you a copy of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love to hear your feedback! Thanks!
Kim!! “: i'm following the first 100 people to follow :) RT this if you followed”
RT If You Don't Eat The First Or Last Piece Of Bread...
I should tweet more. There's my resolution for 2012. Hopefully, more me on the world is a good thing.
": Follow now to experience twittercast of an open heart surgery, play-by-play..." Interesting or Weird?
what if was creeping on me and were to see this tweet. make my dream come true?
#FirstEdition #MayDay protests on tap 4 tomorrow - what 2 expect w/ #JimRedden - influence??
Duke is out! Yes! UK all the way!
cool cool, will do!
On a team meeting call. Really want to just bail on the rest of the day once this is over... I have black beans and rice to make!
Ughh where's Tamara when I need her<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> legit just wanna go to her house and chill, always makes me feel better
Getting ready for tonight's Abduction rehearsal : )
so bored
Even though he messed up a little bit It still made my night<3 OMG IT WAS FRICKEN AMAZING!!
Palm beach county you are so boring you make fort Lauderdale look interesting
Remember when I laughed my ass off when I first heard the word 'bugaboo' from one of you, ? Haha.
Eating some lamb biryani.
Fake asses .
The basic building block of good teambuilding is for a leader to promote the feeling that every human being is unique and adds value.
U have no one to talk to, so u tweet..
were u live?
(I hope so, because I want to be one!)
Chinese For Dinner :) Ugh Yum!
Its 11:11 make a wish ,make a wish.and say I HOPE you come truee "* <3
my day was busy but good... i think zaks book is between$15 and $20 dollars before shipping!
Im awake!
Happy May Day (and Mexican Labor Day)!
Two turkey vultures board a plane. One says to the other, "Nice carrion."
#Oomf tweets right now <<<
Now Is the time to stand up america
Thank you! I really enjoyed (e-)meeting you all and the opportunity to present.
Well I'm certainly fucked in the morning...
Well he'd probably get alot of followers if he gaurenteed that they'd get folloed back!
I remember when only had 600 followers. Look at him now. Almost 200k <3
chillin finna be back at the house hitting the studio tonight
Kick start day for American Archive Inventory Project!
Oh IMDB "star meter", how you help the hopeless hope.
you dismiss the study because it ONLY summarized 16 states? Many states have few if any charters forgood reason
Thanks for the feedback and glad you had fun! We might shoot shy people in the eye with a water gun at the next event. ;P
Do you have a Nevada OnShore Trust (NOST)?
earlier i was sitting next to a couple who i thought was on a first date but in fact were married strangers who met at AA.
This has been a long day finally relaxing
I wonder which 9er won't be playing for the team next year.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom. -George S. Patton
Lol!! You just made me spit beer on the cat.
That wasn't as easy as you'd think.
real recognize real
Aw.. you're welcome!
First tweet with the new logo - again, new Rails app coming out in the coming months. Beta testers welcome...drop me a line.
You may Talk behind my back but I laugh behind yours
black di*k ever where
“: Hey used your service but don't have rsvps for formspring or gdgt parties. what's up?”
Why does hate #derekfisher??!
nothing really matters when you're gone.
NY Jets pull off one they almost let get away! I was on the edge of MY seat!
I'm very excited for the common core standards - they are so much better than the NGSSS!!!
Thanks for your support Eliza!!
glad to see to Boulder bike caper is solved
a workout is a workout! Ha......I'll get something in before church tomorrow.
...listed under old reasons I'd avoid traveling to The Beaver
thank you for the vinegar tip, did some research, and i'm gonna try it next time i dye my hair =)
i told u gudmornin and y arent u followin me back???
No period 6??? No health test ;)
did someone say cuba libre? cuz that's a tasty beverage.
Really messed up now...
Happy Easter lawlorffs, hope You have a good one. And don't forget to keep sending us your pics for the collage :)
Getting close to the medical center D; It'll all hit me when I'm laying In the chair & put the IV in .. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
In China w/ & mtg w/ businesses & officials as well. Hope to join you in Mexico City next year.
LOVE your twitter profile pic and i miss you like whoa !
looks like my daughter cuts Lacee's hair
I never got it, DM me your number
instead of more playoff wins than the Knicks in 2012 you should say more than the Knicks have had in 3 years 0-12
Yeah...STL...and Chicago are full of em...smh. That's why I live under a rock.
You must take personal responsibility. You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself
Out south at moms for a day or so.
It is scheduled to go up early in the week of the 21st.
11:40 am and i already feel the need to get intoxicated
I HAVE NEVER IN MY LIFE BEEN SO DISAPOINTED WITH #DWTS JUDGES!!!!!!
Dear working out, I miss you dearly. Once I can get my father out of the hospital, I hope we can become reacquainted. Meanwhile, sad face.
YOU are annoyed? I was told product was down- I'm still in dark on this- trying to get answers
Rally in Solidarity with Wisconsin Fox News Building Tuesday, 22 Feb 2011, 5:00 PM Join us to support the workers of Wisconsin
Don't date girls from slyrtherin...
Goodnight from London =)
So I never actually am alone, I just always feel alone.
so when will i see you & Clem? Meghan Long wants to come, too, maybe....
$1 drinks for "desperado's" anniversary. Estimate 90% of people here have never stepped foot in this bar before.
Sat. I drove to phoenix than competed on sunday then drove back sunday night now I'm in el paso and have to go to school in 3 hours://
Sixers win!!!! Sixers win!!!! Goodbye chicago. What a game. #BullsSuck . Its all about #HEATNATION .
loving it. About to buy a house if they accept this offer. Can't wait for the girls to get here but really digging it.
thanks for
We all still have time to make a difference in the life of another. Keep your eyes open and try to lend a hand to someone today!
I took a shot standing in the wall two weekends ago. I don't need to tell you where...
almost 460 followers <U+2764> Help me get to 500? Would mean a lot :)
I'm sure they are! Welcome to Twitter!
Love U Too
Wayne Coyne from the Flaming Lips. WEIRD, I KNOW.
world post! the print is cool!
are you watching #RHOC? I always look forward to your commentary
why does the GOP feel comfortable saying they speak for the american people, newsflash, you dont
This some BS...
Thinking about making a new Twitter, but keeping this one too, should I?
good thing I only suck figuratively
discovered yesterday that Target has knockoff Gap city flats for $13 vs. $40. Not quite as comfortable, but about same quality.
Cheering for the team at the state meet does, admittedly, mean seeing a lot of hot men from other teams. In Speedos. Them, not me. # fb
RIP #Borders - I had 8 great years working for you and met some of my best friends during that time. You will be missed!
Haha no problem. If you want to write a recap for the site let me know!
THE PARENT WHO SPEAKS WELL OF FORMER SPOUSE TO THEIR CHILDREN IS THE ONE WITH STRENGTH OF CHARACTER. CHILDREN ALWAYS ADMIRE THAT PARENT
i still want the fountain and the lighthouse in my town :C someone donate a bunch of bells to me
Hi ariana so very very perfect
It's Wine Tasting Wednesday! We have an eclectic mix from around the world. 4 tastes for only $4 from 6pm to 8pm
Listbuilding = only 1/2 the battle. How will you maintain? RT 91% users unsubscribed from comp email previously opted-in to.
What? I don't even.
Apt description garnish, embellish, beautify, and decorate
how do we submit to be a part of the 48 hour film project?
Got 2 Minutes To See A VideoThat's Helping Home Business Professionals DOUBLE Their Productivy? bit.ly/f8LDH3
RT : Hey northeast fans Franny D will playing a solo show at 20 North Broadway in Schenectady NY. Come hang if your in the area.
My 3,400th Tweet Goes to my follower She is a great fan and supporter!!! :)
Okay I think it's time to get off twitter :) goodnight <U+2764>
The sky looks like a storm is brewing! #yippeemorerain:-(
I think Amy Adams is here
Summer, where the hel are you?
#Womeninbiz to follow
My New Years Resolution was, to go vegetarian and I have. I haven't eaten any meat as of 1/1/2012 and my system has been happy. :)
Discount tix at Old National Banks! RT : Who's going to the open house this weekend? Hum, I need to find tickets
“ #Aries have the courage to see things though despite the outcome.”
Beware the reading vortex. There is danger there. You know enough already. Start writing.
has a firm position and is part of the chattering-class. 2nd, rostra is the phoenix of the original center-right
Jewelry work day<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>got my Beyonce and Whitney Houston videos on in the background
RT : In love with Sara Lee oven roasted turkey breast (Does your g/f know about this?)
#iGetRealMadWhen Spammy Spammersons are the only ones who follow you on facebook.
I'm undeniably the black sheep in my family
happy u view its funny we goin view how funny it is wen I dnt try2talk2u b around text u or nttn bye have a life
Try the taping method, it's annoying but I hear it works better than tapers.
You've been blessed with wealth & opportunity, it's what you do with it that determines what type of person you are.
Thanks for the follow!
Difficult to study when you'd rather be sleeping.
i am happy that that at least I got you and together in tweeterville :)
Well here are two: while getting ready in the morning instead of TV and while working out. Poll is split 50/50 now!
Just because we don't talk as much doesn't mean im not thinking about you. Im just trying to distance myself because i know i cant have you
how about a follow now? that would be great :)
please, elaborate!
WHAT? Well introduce me :-) lol
please follow me,I'm your biggest fan<U+2665>
Denver let's get wild tonight!
the entire so wrong its right album by all time low
#NFAIS12 If you're going to sell to end users directly, you must offer something different than what they get through a site.
I think is probably still searching for the lucky charms!
ha i didn't doubt you!
[Aligning #Pilates] “: Tell how you are getting active during National Physical Fitness & Sports Month #FitnessMonth”
Halverson: Why have information technologies not changed classrooms? Easy answers are lack of will, skill or politics.
Gary England just made watching the Grammys all worthwhile. Nice sneakers!
I will cross the ocean for you, I will go and bring you the moon. One of my fav songs in the world! Along w/ the boy is mine
i told you to text me so we could make plans and then....
A loving atmosphere in your home is the foundation for your life!
In life a person can mess up so bad! And some one great will take that pressure and clean it up as if it was his .... S/o to obama and bill
Happy St. Patricks Day!!!
my paper copy has the regular copyright statement on it :(
I am extremely motivated today
omg i cant believe ur gone i just knew u was gonna win im so sad :(
Well, yes I am watching less TV. And no, I didn't get sunburned because I was in the shade.
truly love and care for this girl, regardless
RT : darling, you always crack me up! )--I keep trying to divine the future by studying the PowerPoint entrails....
A Porno with a decent script... But that's the exciting part of a dirty movie, they don't have a script to distract you!
:DD I made your life better right?(: -cheesy grin- I did, didn't I? jk.
Madame Ur Y Sus Hombres, says it’s the violence that’s triggered so much creativity in Tijuana
Trap game for the Packers today...Go Pack!
ehmm Best Day ever first Tweetet mee and second hee followed mee ah :O:O i cant breathe
Costa is so boring on Friday Mornings! There is legit nothing to do
Good Morning.... Happy Sunday.. do you know what time it is?
donation in pet's name to local animal shelter.
"Oh David's asleep, so let's mess with his hair!" OR YOU KNOW LET'S NOT DO THAT SINCE I'M SLEEPING.
FOR FREE BIRTHDAY PARTIES, GRADUATION PARTIES, BACHELOR & BACHELORETTE PARTIES, BOTTLE SERVICE & VIP BOOKING--> 404-610-2511
not really. Either way I look hurt
A very very successful day thanks to I swear in a past like we were carpenters and body builders.
Unfortunately, the +4 bonus points for checking into my "First Church" on foursquare didn't counteract the guilt.
thanks for your great play & outstanding leadership on the field. U made many of my work days go by easier.
This time Judy blogged redoubled activity
This team MAY finally be coming together (I hope). Granted it's just against the Cubs, but I'll take any progress we can get.
Hey guys wazzup?
Well, I guess original is better after all :-)
I'm sick again!
#LetsBeBlunt Just because your naturally nice, doesn't mean your flirting with everyone. <3
how are you?
Fucking Asthma. I love sitting in a quiet classroom panting like I just ran a mile -_-
Game on, Let's go
Party like it's 1999, perhaps??
Stop deporting people, no one is illegal!
wassup peeps. IT's finally time to drive some interest. Why in the world do people do such half assed jobs???
I have a huge obsession with Pitbull!
Today is gonna be the day that they're gonna throw it back to you
Im just glad is friday :)
i like yur icon :D
Sat down to watch a classic movie and ended up watching #MobWives. Glad the mob has found a new way of making money.
Getting Remembering City Hall Oral History Project online
We'd love to try your gluten-free sausages before kickoff!
The Black Keys!
Is this what your model says r right #s? RT : Nobody else pick 04 07 14 29 44 45, okay? I got dibs.
RIP Donna Summers. So sad to hear of her passing
: It is sad but she will be back! Our friends bought her one of your #tomato plush toy as a goodbye gift :)
This guy's laugh at the nail salon is killing me.
Students don't let the chaos stop you from attending Swanson events!! Check out the homepage's calendar for events!
so irresponsible with $! That 200 dollar check sets benchmarks. Im coming after whoever, who has it!?!?
The Kobe burger from Blanc is quite simply, 'da bomb'.
E-mail should be coming today.
Found another Chipolte near my Physical Therapists office, think I'm going to stop for lunch tomorrow :-)
Live true and make love
My back is not a voice mail. Say it to my face. :).
Does your computer tend to overheat? Be sure to have the fan looked at before big problems occur. Preventive maintenance saves money. ^jl
Eh, might have spiced things up a bit. Would be more exciting than looking at a hipster looking Durant being interviewed.
Terrific! I thought the session included some interesting visuals, definitions, and approached to student assessment
diggin on some #Nujabes, how did I just now find out about this cat?
My 7 year old is having a sleepover and I'm totally fascinating to hear her conversation with her friend.
Nice!! Pass it on! Let me know what I can do to help ;)
Actually what's killing America besides the moral decay is debt, war/gov. debt, citizen debt, just an unsustainable & bad system.
makes me want to go back to visit in Dallas. Wonder how a fundraiser would go if we were chairwomen.
I am grateful that I have satellite radio to jam out to on the way to work!
great advice from a great man
i dont like boats
Stop using them to line the litter box. Especially mine.
my thoughts exactly
Working out of the studio today on some Shock marketing collateral and a fantastic shoe company.
Time for day 2 of 8 In a row, this is going to be a long week
faculty talking about F2F office hours are dead. Adobe Connect Pro taking over - esp for large enrollment classes.
Thanks good brother. The #AlphaAction Team is ready to take Alpha to new heights! Come soar with us. 06!
Going too skool
Damn I need some New Ink .
Yep 2 celebs at Fetish Houston ? Hm maybe i mean Tyga popped up last time !!!!!
I see that SLDs had to wear #redpolotops at commencement. Way to be ahead of the game.
Great my lock button on my iPhone is stuck ... Smh
What experience ?
there are apps to hide that sort of stuff. Your solution is best though (Not hiding + fair warning)
One thing is for certain. I will be having a beer tonight. Maybe two.
that too....it was an unusually chatty day, friendly. Threw me off a lil. Easy.
"I wish this egg would come out." -
thanks for following =]
I still am not sure what to do with Google Plus...is it even relevant anymore? I sorta feel like Pinterest stole its momentum
#askauggie Hi Chris, what's ur fav tv show after yours?
I'm the journalist.
I don't know what it's called!
#LiesBlackGirlsTell IM PREGNANT!!!!
Good Friday Morning...Up early working on new Catalog!!
oh watch out! haha and yes i do GUESS, because there is no one as good looking as me ;)
I'll call you tomorrow, Gnight. Love you.
wow i havent been on twitter in forever
Starting #TheWire season 3. Lessons learned watching the wire, don't give your package to a youngster.
It's beautiful out here and doing some fishing too!
Rt : wanna see the "it's ok remix" video starring feat. ?? come to #mondaysoul on 5/23. twitpic. ...
#Str8LykeDes... Ion look at certain niggas the same no moe....
I'm streaming commercials, I mean watching football.
Have $41 in my piggy bank
Chocolate doesn't ask silly questions. Chocolate understands.
All I want to do is Blog & Workout...got damn it...oohh!!!
Go fuck off, you stupid fucking GOP slut whordiot. In fact, since you hate america, move to another fucking country.
Sweet, we'll make sure we get some! RT I love it too, awesome beer cheese soup!
Had a chance to go to NY to see The Maine but because of the testing in school and work, I can't go.
I'm a 0-5 CA voter since i lived out of state for 3 years. I get NO mail. Sad.
Cool now cops are at my crib .
Check out Dagnomusic.com Today! Sell your music online and keep 100% !
Drinking a fresh Prima Pils and enjoying life at the moment. Will come back to the insanity later
"Men are constantly trying to mentally un-dress me. I'm just trying to save them some time, that's all."
what does 's golden tickets have to do w/ OLLG ?
Join us tonight for the 2nd weekly Indie Showcase Thursday. Contact us to showcase your band!
Billy's on Burnet. Unless you have another spot? Figure that's somewhat in the middle of us, and good.
I want to work for you. How is this possible?
thats not weird......
hey was up?
Gen 4 KJV And Adam knew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bare Cain, and said, I have gotten a man from the LORD.
bouta go riding
#19MillionBeliebers ?! No way?! Im so jealous..
“: I wanna get my nipples pierced xD but that be weird xD” Me & Kasey are getting them soon haha.
Pluots and that's right.
I guess got a new Job than... xDDD Excuse me, La Tisha.. >:3
btw I flipping love pronouns! haha
Columbus, Ohio tonight!!! Check us out at The Summit!! Show starts at 9, $5 at the door.
Definitely! I also met folks from India and Brazil, and they enhanced the experience greatly.
Ahh so excited for the game!
You aint the only one ^__^
Girls take it easy on guys who lie about their age, they r not financially stable therefore feel too embarrassed to state their real age :(
Only way CBS gets any redemption is with a UNI Cinderella run. Kansas loss definitely takes some air out of tourney
"It is important to watch what you put in your mind."
*sigh* u dont know how good u got it.
Back at Blue Fusion HQ after a great & productive week in FLL with the #Mizrachi's
Lucy, will you be working in San Diego, something journalism-related? Welcome!!
Daniel Radcliffe is amazing in the movie!! He hard me jumping out of my seat and I don't get scared easily!
Oh Toto, we're not in Chi anymore. I'm in St Louis for NCAA wrestling. Hence the large amounts of Iowa gear everywhere.
S/o who pretty A'F And stay blower
that sounds tasty, like an ice cream float all in one bite! WANT!
I agree, definitely up for that
LOVE the #teamleaders! We can't wait for the Feb. 11
TGIF! BlueRock closes in 30 minutes! Thanks for a great week clients, vendors and friends.
Omg I'm talking to myself wtf
Jeremy Lin sitting at the end of the bench
You girls are making us blush. Thank you!! xo
was good
oops. I take that back then. It didn't show up on my timeline :/. Very sorry for that.
Best deals in town @ getfollowersandlikes.com Get your order today and receive an extra half of your order free by 7am 3/23/2011
everyone's got to have a hustle man, can't knock em for that.
At least Honor Society didn't have to beg anyone for votes. They did it the fair way. So much respect for them.
what's with the price swing in the case of cheddar vs. others on AMZN? I'm ready for my 3rd case and I'm distraught.
Like come on share the vikodinz lolz
Sorry been really busy and I suck at action films lol Let's talk soon.
Doing great! Definitely #rockin today! Hope all is well with you. Thanks for all the continued promo!
Two more hours to kill in Santa Fe and my iPhone battery is dying.
That awkward moment when someone says something bad about Lady Gaga and everyone looks at you because you're Little Monster.
DECISIONS, DECISIONS.
why does it feel like i have 10000 lbs of weight on my head... and monkeys biting at my ankles?
It's 1999. tweets from her newspaper crime beat during the dotcom boom. Check her out.
Zombie tip # 902
yes. We were altac when altac wasn't cool. MT : For truth. RT : public historians were #altac before the term existed.
there might be a #castle season5 :)
If a turtle doesn’t have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
i would! wish i lived in Texas
Look at me! I'm a tweetin fool! I'm fabulous. How are you?
Stopping by to say hi, and hoping that u dig what we do. Cheers, SS
PLAY TO WIN A Signed Carlos Guillen Poster from : Which Social Good Detroit Sponsor does everything REAL BIG?
Damn. Left my cowbell at the studio.
Making chili and putting more ikea stuff together
#Deepestsongofalltime - THA CROSSROADS. x Bone thugs and Harmony.
Sick and tired of my fiance's sister. never seen such a disrespectfull little 13 year old who thinks everyone is her bf.
Don't let your pride get in the way of your destiny.. You gotta do whatever it takes to get to where you wanna be.
How did you make them feel?
- thanks! Love to try Arrogant Frog! We are currently carrying Paul Mas old vines carignan!
It's on n poppin with a Peppermint mocha for Monday
bulls are honestly
what hair coloring product do you use?
Like do you not understand how that is not okay
When Lil Boosie's getting his haircut, does he just say, "give me the Barry Sanders"? Free Boosie, btw.
Living it up in Park Slope, Bkln with Rita and Sean. Wish I lived here so bad! Off to the Brooklyn Msm for rock photos since 1955.
Please let there be bees on that TREE.
They have a new album? I love Death Cab for Cutie! does too.
#dtws is so nerve wrecking :( I don't want roshon to leave </3
Happy Easter everyone!
[112] Most human children will pass the mirror test at 18 months old
You know how I know this guy doesn't like girls....he still couldn't find the right hole on the table!
Anytime my friend! Glad I could.
hello, followers. my name is sam. what's yours?
Great day of tracking... We got some songs knocked out with www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
Don't pet me, unless you buy me dinner first. And then you still gotta get consent! RT : Have you ever wanted to pet a giraffe?
Finally on twitter!!
I mean you don't need him anymore with Sean White in the fold :)
Thanks for the favorite on that one. ;-)
So true! Erin's got sex appeal like McDonalds has Big Macs!
Did #oomf's say medicated....
Why yes, I DO own the Sleepaway Camp DVD boxed set!
You really think so
If I get done with the film shoot in time to make it, I will totally take 1 of the shirts off your back.
similarly, i find that 90% of the emails i receive that are marked with high importance in outlook are about office parties
Another performance nite at Vintage Ultra Lounge w and more! #WHOOP!!
It's a little known fact that Queen Elizabeth is a big fan of A Shark's Tale.
Chili Cheese Fritos
People tweet their business all the time but I don't see tweets about brushing teeth. You people are gross bad breath losers
I am not at all satisfied with the new moon soundtrack. Ugh
haha thank u :)
Good luck to Steve Stricker as he goes for the "three peat" at the JD Classic!
Researching uses for Twitter in business. Anybody have pointers?
Eek. We didn't do one again this year. Next year, though. Parents of the year! :)
but please change your eve. picks to crappy bands; hence diverting traffic away from ones i want to see.
dreamed you were sleeping and i jumped in the nest and smacked you with a sandwich!
Gamedayregistration.com will be coming soon. Check us out! Like us, follow us, the whole deal!!
“: So Sean Payton suspended one year, effective April 1, and Tebow traded to Jets.” >>> Wow.
Kentucky had the best basketball team I've seen in awhile
#justAintcool when a chick has big tits but no ass
there is still too much of a "I think I should be using this technology somehow" out there.
done with my speech. im so relieved :)
It's Complicated
There are about 15 movies coming out this year that I want to see.
What about a star or two been traded?
It's in the bag! But keep it on the DL from Romney Hawks (cheating enough already) RT : What do you think our chances are...
insomnia is no fun at a time like this
I swear this life I live is amazing. I need a reality tv show
Just because has never RTed you.. Doesn't mean that he doesn't care about you. He loves all his beliebers <U+2665>
Just shot +7 at Henry Jackson, sans driver. Not bad for the first round of
New Years Resolutions anyone... 1. Enjoy more local wine :)
I live in New Jersey, USA :) I love Brazil, I want to go there one day :D
ah, now I see, roughly a year
Thanks do following. :) Nice description.
Be nice to people on your way up. You might need them on your way down.
Gheez. Really struggling to find a good movie to watch on
Sometimes one middle finger isn't enough to let someone know how you feel. That's why you have two hands.
Don't nobody wants to be down with you unless your doing better then them
Stresses the fuck out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I got some much-needed chocolate today, too! Except remember when those meltaways melted in my purse during Dragon Tattoo!?!
always, always
Should have about 4 laps to go on restart come on get a Jump on Power and don't let go, but be careful.
you should play a cop that has a serious looking face. A few issues at home and an expert at Kung Fu. Id pay to see that.
now also some in #NetworkingUncommons too ^^
I need one of these chairs at home
turned it again as host (and as Amish)!
Nobody really... My two teams are not playing so it dont really matter..
Drink to your health! Adding extra water to your diet can flush out toxins and waste products from the body.
Don't tweet....pitch!!! If not pitching...writing content....Good luck bro...We miss you already...
I need to stop listening to this Pandora station
Okay.. Havent tweeted in like 3 days.. having withdrawls... I am back and I want more followers.. HELP ME REACH 1000. THANKS
Honey, NOBODY knows anal like mormons and, no, i cannot elaborate.
love you Molly! Wish you were here:) How's the birthing going?
I want to be like when I grow up!
I choose not to pick a side to support in this case because I wasn't there that night nor have I seen all the evidence
“: God, I love being in the friend zone.”
So in the mood! Raining,so rainy days are the perfect day for sex! hahaha!
Made an instagram.. Find & follow me! :D
you don't love me...
probably no amount of emotion can describe how much I miss you right now.
They are usually a split-second late in realizing the light has turned red due to haste
is it weird that I just unintentionally read those capitalized words in your man voice? Lmfao
Not gonna lie, I'm a bit distressed that is shutting down my updates soon.
Today is a good day. Today I'm watching the Cardinals play the Cubs at Wrigley.
A China Meetings Summit took place recently to give insight into how China is poised to capture high profile business events.
Happy birthday BP!! ": I have the greatest friends in the world. "Looking forward to the memories to right now" #winning"
as much as I like Cover It Live, you may want to consider for your future live chats and ongoing conversation.
The beer def makes this game!
#1 I have a MAC-don't need it, and I think Norton is worse than a virus. #2 Don't spam. It's not becoming!
Why faux? Real but misguided fear of allowing e-filing meant metrics only. EPA/NARA leading the way to more
thanks guys! maybe we'll see you at on the 25th
same here bro... Keep giving the Jesus! You matter!
365 days until Vegas! Whoop Whoop!
Child is sleeping, dog is sleeping, I have three computers in front of me - which freaking project should I work on?
Def isn't easy. RT : I salute everyone that's a full time student, full time worker and still makes time for their loved ones
#DETROPIA will be making its world premiere in competition at the in January 2012!
I'm up at 2a for work. So there's no use going to sleep :(
And to you i say goodnight
Gettin ready for work, it's a new day #teamtito all day
Finished 12 OFL/EPHS packets in 3 days . I'm pretty Freakin' proud of myself . :) 12 Tests tomorrow . Hope I pass them. #
no worry, i've escalated the matter to the regional management team to see what we can do for you. expect a call from us
So do most of the voting dems in this state...
#Ballard Town Hall: "One of the most important roles of city gov. is to create a place that businesses can do well" ^jh
thanks for the yummiest late night oysters last night!
Just went back and watched the Biggest Fan with in it #bringingbackmemories ;)
Follow for score updates as they happen. They play Army and UConn later today, beat Temple this AM
What #movie is this from? "We'll always have Paris."
": Hey Wyd.."-bout to head back to GA in a little. & yourself?
stress is the worst, sex is the best
When 'Montrose' by comes on shit goes down.
You're so classy, cursing on all your tweets and showing tits in all your pictures. #respect #you'redoingitright
,great good riddance
Were do you live. I know, it was like 83 degrees on monday.
If you missed last nite's beer dinner, tonite's sliders are inspired by that menu, including Saison Dupont cheese sauce. Don't want to miss!
Everybody talking bout project x...can't wait to go see it with my cuzzo !!!
#10thingsthatannoyme : 6. When I have to pee, but im stuck in traffic.
Uhm. If your mini skirt isnt tight.. You should probably eat a twinkie woman...
That awkward moment when you gently toss your phone on your bed & it decides to bounce off three walls, knock down two lamps, & kill a cat.
"A proposal submitted "to get our name out there" in a shotgun approach can be less-than-favorable in the eyes of your potential client."
"And what do you do?" "I'm in the business of providing a lifetime of phenomenal memories." Me too, sir...me too.
What is Arthur...? Anteater or bunny.. Tell us now
It's about that time ladies and gents..Donald Driver on #DWTS..Everyone vote vote vote!
BREAKING: Secret Service investigation into allegations of misconduct in Colombia continues & 3 additional employees have chosen to resign
are all tweets created equal?
mine is unfollowing people too maybe it's our iPods! Plus my iPod deleted my star wars movies :(
I love Ashley so much . . how can this be happening ? </3
Good luck with the test! When are you taking it?
Lack of focus and uninspired play for the first 3 quarters…if they cannot get themselves up, more streaks will fall
If a train is about to run u over I'll rather jump in to save u then to see u die &noeing I didnt do nuthin xoxo I love u always<3be mine<3
so inspirational right now
would love to if I can. Thanks
- H L Mencken
Keep working out that body, girl. Eat your veggies. Give the treadmill a whirl. Every single day. Do NOT give up no matter what. Beeoch.
Mornin dicks and dames, time to go out and earn that dough..if ya doin somethin off the books have a good lawyer handy ;)
ill be in dearborn still :) text text! Hey btw? Wuts 'RT' mean?
Think it's safe to say the #Devils just advanced! Yes!
"Put your tears away and call it a day" its not that easy to do as to say.
On a ref desk all day except for 2 hours. There goes my productivity
Thanks for the RT
I don't got that many monies.
do u even see my tweets I have tweet u a lot..
SO in love with this picture!
HOT staff mtg, who bets we hear about the SR directory?
harsh, huh? poor grandmother! I'm doing genealogy right now too!
thanks for the great convo and crowd. future of media? quality will rise to the top!
I've been playing nonstop.. Need to stop.
church was great
*fingers crossed*
I know you don't want to seen like an asshole if you say something about tayler so I do it for you, tayler U FUCKING SUCK
Its all to predictable now though. Joey dosent get freekick, not happy starts so bother. Slags off offender on Twitter
Don't want the spoon to be lonely!
Who is the most famous French ant ?Napoleant !
so great for The Ward. thank you! RT : Thank you for a great day!
seriously with this rain
well I'm always looking to barter: #Deal you get me followers I'll provide graphics - sufficient to quantity etc.
Ohh well holler at me! I'm always down for hangin' in the sticks:)
Yes, Obama said "John is right" 8 times, but it is what he said after that… "but", "however", "but here's where we differ".
Is there a meatball any place on Earth that is better than Martorano's? We don't think so. Someone please tell us if there is!
Lenny is a hot Jewish man. Yum.
loser ... cough cough jk
The summer is getting closer to an end. Take a final family trip up to Kentucky Down Under. Check out our half-priced tickets!!
lots of shopping for work:)
#ff , because I miss her and am wondering what she's up to these days.
I was overseas for a few days, just got back & ended up missing some great stuff while I was gone. France in April is gorgeous!
Does anyone else find it absurd that you can't place a call with google voice from Google Contacts?
Real tricky and what not. #WALA magic
Looking forward to hearing speak at the Saban Theatre in LA tonight at 7:30! See you there!
probably the only Mets fan you know! Thanks pal
We DMed you this morning! We hope to hear from you soon!
I'll be in the area in fifteen
Thanks for being there!
let's make #kensington in #philly the next big food scene! Help us revitalize this area and support
Hey, free wifi on the plane.
I hope you choke on my name .
WATER BED.
Interview with for went great. Quotes coming soon. Dang, I want an Australian accent.
The web needs your words!
Keith Woods if NPR reminds us: #Journalism is the only industry named in Constitution. That's how Impt it is to Democracy.
mann so lannnnnnnnggggggggggwiiiiiiiiilllllllllliiiiiiiiiiiiiggggggggggg
a pundit bubble.
You know it's a GREAT when by the end of the 1st half you are thinking of submitting…
where is my easel? a little drunk and feeling inspired. perfect time to bust out the oil paints.
I LOL'd at "poop dumping". I'm so mature.
I read about it but haven't looked at it until you sent the link! That's awesome!
Gadzooook! Boulevard of the Allies playin' at The Underground, Campus on February 4th, 2011. We're all wettin' ourselves!
OPEN MIC TONIGHT!!!! :)
Not happy about it but that was a great alleyoop
oh...that's right...ok...see you tomorrow
We appreciate you following us on Twitter!
Wondering when #oomf is gunna give me a chance -__-
seeing the maine in december!!,
How did u fall in the pool exactly.??
Wondering where the time goes...
Followed! :D Thanks for following me by the way. :')
I baked cookies (:
time to go to work -__-
get a life WESTBORO BAPTIST CHURCH..the funeral wil still go on, and it will still not be about YALL...picketting for no reason.
so homo, I LOVE IT!
Not even a Bears fan but... Matt Forte…pay the man!
For updates on #BBWC follow dog is there! :)
That's really cool. I'm gonna have to try it out.
youtube & twitter....biggest distractions ever (-____-)
,great game idea, too bad I can't use it due to bad language:( Have you played this game?
Total domination on both ends of the floor #GoSpursGo!!!
I remember Rev Jen from my 2003 internship. Hi!
#TeamHoneyBadgers are now on course.
just got all the kids to school. Time to go work on the house.
So apparently Louisville is in the same state.
Can I redeem #LibbyPoints for a ride in a T-38? :)
I appreciate u and the luv....and I'm workin on it DAMN IT!!!
RT : RT : If the Astros knew what was good for them, they would go after Woody Williams to fill in at GM or Pres
Who's going to spend $20k a night to stay in Mexico? I don't care how nice the hotel is,you can't enjoy it when your head is not attached
"it aint' the size of the man, it's the size of the muthafuckin plan"
Quick work trip! but i'll have some time tomorrow afternoon to explore Fisherman's Wharf! Looking forward to it!
i think imma go through my records again and purge another 500 or so
that sucks, I haven't been in a church since last year
Someday life will slap you in the face and I'll laugh
I survived and I will live to fight another day!
Wishing my buddy luck on her french concert :) Love you carrot :3
haven't found mudhouse, SS crabs are just a few booths down from me.
I'm listening to Voyagers of the Titanic
you're cool.
This summer is gonna be so amazing. <U+2600><U+2600><U+2600>
lemme know what you think.
What's Hannnennnninn
Good to know... If you saw me jumping up & down screaming like a crazy woman, you'd think I lost my mind. Hahaha
"If god is a dj, life is a dance floor"
I do be knoccd out. Lol!
Absolutely. Clearly you just don't have your head in the game.
#Romney: I am running for president because I have the experience and the vision to get us out of this mess.
OMG. I LOVE UBERS WITH HEATED SEATS.
I hope that had a great birthday!!!!
THE REFS BEEN CALLIN BS IN THIS YEARS
wen n wit who?
RT : Please bookmark The Berlin Project - which will be huge. The creatives behind it are awesome.
Tupac or B.I.G?
getting our business cards printed, finally. Have the website, have the office, have clients, but no business cards... down right shameful.
no problem man
how was your day?(:
Confused by the barrage of career choices after 10, 12 and graduation? #CORE is addressing just that on in
hahaha!!!!! Gurlll you best start looking!!
Dana Zuber : key to data visualization is "data to ink" ratio: Speaks to difficulty of listening & reading at once
Thank you Nuggets.
Do you sing in the shower?
Love doesn't make the world go 'round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Seriously though, that's awesome. . .Happy Holidaze!!!!!!!!
Nowak: Califf is only Union player involved in trade. Union receive a player "and something else."
Head over to Ziegfield to hear during the E-Book Conversion Workshop Part I & gain insights into evolving #ebook market
love to talk anytime!
haha..had she responded with a cloud report, the jedi order would have granted her *wx guru* as well.
There are certainly otaku for actual early plastics (like Bakelite)—it's a little soon for modern plastics.
Just booked our return tickets- we'll be back next week! But first, Hong Kong....
John Q is trending. Best movie ever. That's a real father. I would've done the same for my kid.
the first labor shot was done by NHLPA rejection of realignment, not this, everyone saw this coming.
If I could get by with murder you would probably already be dead.
moving to chicago in some days... any advice?
the giants have to wake up there better than the 49ers
</3 ... that feeling. Say goodbye to yesterday
he was the man. RIP Carroll Shelby.
thanks. We have created a kids' fitness device that provides exercise while kids watch TV. Pedaling to watch TV.
Happy Birthday to Miss ! She's one of the reasons I'm working in the music indutry, so you all better wish her a great day :D
I'm gonna follow you....like the puppy you see following you home, if you feed me, you better take care of me too
For filmmakers who loved making movies when they were kids, like us, and for film lovers who are still 80s kids at heart, go see SUPER 8!
I'm overboard and I need your love, pull me up, I can't swim on my own, it's too much, I feel like I'm drowning without for love
tempting. Like those gys in gym shorts? They may not be fashionable, but I love them...;)
crowning heights cabbie RT :…my NY taxi driver…Pasang Sherpa…summited Everest 6 times. Prayer wheel on…dashboard got us talking
Fuck )-: sucks not having an IPhone!
Consider your top 3 customers. How did they find you and what do you think influenced their decision to become your customer?
Dem angles sum serious though lol! Push...push....push....push....
eResearch&#39;s Bob Weir Interviews Rick Thibault, President &amp; CEO of ...
is Troy brown starting at the nickel corner for the patriots? Does anyone know
today is Kona Sunrise Rotary.
My caffeine detox only lasted 6 days.
How to take advantage of the kid's vacation!
It's definitely a good one!! :-)
So I'm guessin there's questions that need addressin huh? Like how we fresh in our adolescence and wreckin 'em. - ES
Alright c'Mon, let's get this win!
"My definition of modernism took a while to develop"-Peter Gay
Street lights are on. I suppose this is the part where I go inside.
The line at Bucharest Grill is cray today, but this will be worth it. M schwarma.
Only you can make me feel the way I do
please you have been keepin busy with all your other boys
no it doesnt make up... lets beat their brains tonite
Life's not about the people who act true to you face. It's about the people who remain true behind your back.
RT : I'd rather drink bleach than listen to Nicki Minaj.
or maybe "you" as in "us" as in "all of us"
12 people working and they still are 8 minutes late in getting a cream to me.
did you see who made a brief cameo as conference attendee in Mlps for Carr lecture... Hint: not Doug
If you like it hot, says you'll like this Mother's Day in Portland/Vancouver metro... near 90. Too hot for you?
Tea like revenge is best served cold.
#WhatMakeYouBeautiful and #BOYFRIEND and #11:11 .... set on loop all day :) haha
Nightlight: the Twilight Parody tells a better love story than Twilight does...
A few of my fellow groundlings (people who stand by the stage instead of sitting) got fake blood and urine on them despite the splash tarp
Give my ass some kisses (;
Hey thanks for following.. i'll try to make it out to Glendale some sunday...
Disney Store Get ready for the Twice Upon A Year Sale, starts June 13th in-store and online!
You know your sorry when your own crowd boos you when you get the ball
Technology and Education should go hand in hand!
did she ?
oh n her brother is comin along too i think :p
project due tmrrw, ill do the rest in the morning.
True. RT I think my new super power is convincing people to visit Portland. Not that it's a tough sale...
wow!! empty pool at 12:50pm on a friday... #helltothegottago :-)
Thanks for the RT! Happy Summer!
A couple of new announcements about the HF-Twestival coming today....YOU READY?!
To the extent that we are all educated and informed, we will be more equipped to deal with the gut issues that tend to divide us
To everyone who enjoyed The Key And The Sword, check back with us tonight for something special at 7 o'clock! Tell your friends!
bernadetteboas, I love your input and tweets. I have retweeted many of them. Could you join me to help empower women by liking my...
Everybody knows it sucks to grow up
If you want to be a holy man, learn to bear and forbear. - Swami Premananda
Thank you all your support and retweeting! Do you have all of our books? If not, can we send you something as a thank you?
Sounds like you need some inspiration :P
My cats have cat scratch fever. Therefore, they have destroyed one of my chairs. What is the cure for this affliction?
yep, most beautiful country in the world
"Once more into the fray. Into the last good fight I ever know. Live & die on this day." John Ottway in the movie,"The Grey".
RT Still time to get your vote in on the poll about who should start at second for the Tigers. #Tigers Inge isn't on this..wtf?
Hm. What to do today...
hahaha....Happy Mother's Day nonetheless!
you bet!
Gizmodo&#39;s Happy Hour Party Was a Deadly Fun Night of Drinking [Video]
thanks for your support dudes!
Peter Brantley: Internet Archive is buying ebooks from publishers, following copyright rules
oh gosh! Wish I had thought of it!
What an exciting day! Downloads of #iOS game are now coming from the continent of #Africa! Thanks #SuperFans!
Maybe it's time to get rid of your old audition clothes, and get new ones. It's 2012!
Follow Friday #FF Amazing emerging social companies from
Game 6 is under way and #Caps getting early power play.
I know right, I thought graduating in 3.5 yrs was pretty good but maybe not so much :)
has butterflies in her tummy again!
You can now text us by texting TEAMDIET to 60611
Are you a #nonprofit? Let's talk. We want to give you our tools to spread your message.
never recieved an email
Seriously how good is Pauly
Coming Soon! A CineCityJax Podcast with Actor/Producer Kent Lindsey. Not to be missed. Stay tuned.
So true!! RT : “: Missing at the game!” As you should be!!!
Will the real Tim Teblow stand up.
Can I get in the group?
I love you, and I hope you can make it to my Graduation.
When you're on top,make sure it's not just you being pleased!
everyone has a story
I hear what you're saying about making it too pretty but the pendulum swings the other way too and some have made it too ugly
#808Pridenews bbf: happiness u just farted in my face happ: i believe its called a drive by LOLOLOL
Do re mi fa so la ti DO!!!!!!!! Yes, can't wait to finish work! Talk to mi amor and gym it up.
Reading a biography of coco chanel for fun without feeling guilty.
We spent the evening with Gang Enforcement team to see what their nights are really like. The story on at 11p.
Elevate Constant wavesThrough the Resonance of Creative Thot.and Heart chakra,.Thot is Matter..simple..oh yea anti-aging secret as well
Bears are a big disappointment smh
Wasup Fans Check my track out..www.reverbnation.com/phildafunk
I have an odd question do you know how to get calking off of your hands?
We're always down to chat with you on the radio show! Let's set it up!
Digesting the #RDA report and early comments
Blake Griffin... you are ridiculous. That dunk was INSANE.
2012 Fantasy Baseball Waiver Wire: Brad Eldred, Luke Hochevar, Jeff Niemann ... - Opposing Views
"Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things."
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
- No worries. Appreciate the consideration. We've got more events later this yr. ;)
I see you trending on Twitter hommie
OMG, I hate when ppl are late....
awwwh.... wish my dog could live that long too!
Make 3 times more money than what you're making now with easy hair extensions! We show you how @ www.drwiggys.com or email
don't we all lol, have a great time :)
Just bought CD on iTunes!!! :D it's freakin' amazing! I luh, luh, love you Cody:)
Life is good I can't complain. I mean, I could but no ones listening.
I probably listen to Call Me Maybe at least once a day
#irallstars Billings: ETD downloads from IR far outnumber downloads from Proquest, on average 280/year vs. 7/year.
THANKS ALL THE LOYAL AND PROFESSIONAL PEOPLE IN MY WORLD, AND DISMISSES THE IGNORANT ONES..NUFF SAID GOODNIGHT FOLKS DONT FEED INTO THE HYPE
Happy Mother's Day to everyone! We are the company we keep, so keep your mothers close!
Thx for the follow RT for a shout out :-)
I know l imma try lol
Texting and Mowing again ;)
Amazon's rev. strategy: 130,000 KDP titles to be borrowed free by Prime members. But why wld Prime members want self-pub over trad'l titles?
your a freak !
Flight to mexico is empty
Oh happy day!
I remember my first follower, I said "Please stop following me!!" I thought that followed were bad... :)
Help my phone is bein stupid idk Wat it's doin I think it might come alive
yeah. Really looking forward to this.
Why aren't you?
CNN Reports that more people are using Coffee Shops with WiFi as offices. This has been San Diego CRM's business model for years!
This game is getting a little out of control -- top of the 15th - Last Indians player on base is STILL Lou Marson in the 7th
The more you learn the more you earn. Read, it expands your mind. Each and every word.
“: compliments >” hey pretty lady :)
Be sure you're capable enough to live up to what you profess you know to the world, because opportunities will def arise for you to show it.
Gotta love History Channel Duck Dynasty! Like watching my dad, primo fili, and primo eloy! Omg crying from lmao!
#Auditioning for #Victorious. wish me luck! I #dream to be on #DISNEY!
That was intense. what did Alec do to you? Ha.
You ever notice that the older you get, the older all your stuff gets, too?
Ahh my #Netflix is down!! How am I suppose to get my #Lost fix!?
Thank you :) Please help spread the word about www.birdofprayer.org
When in doubt, wear red. ~Bill Blass
Just finished interviewing Broadway legend Ben Vereen. In town for Diabetes Expo tomorrow at noon. A genuinely nice man.
Yes, It is Exciting& I love being on the ITA Team w/ such Awesome #HelloMornings Ladies! Did U&Sis Reg 4 Summer Yet? :)
Off to the club with
Thanks for the mention, much appreciated! Have a great weekend!
#20ThingsAboutMe #10: I'm a slight impulse buyer. lol
I'm in the 615
Last time snuck into something it was an actual scary hostage situation, so much nicer to watch her have fun at
RT : What do mobile devices offer? How can we use in mobile training? QR codes, voice recognition, gps
Nah. Participating in the human study part of the diss. Need comp teachers for survey + interview
new Binghamton U president: Dr. Harvey Stenger.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!32
wishing you all the best as u move on to the next adventure.
It's Super Sunday! We will open today @ 2pm for the Super Bowl. Swing by!
I'm sharing this article with public agencies that don't understand why when they ask about apps I ask about their mainframe!
We're following the "if it's working now, make sure what you're replacing it with is simply the best" approach.
I think im buying a macbook soon. I've heard nothing but good things about em. Any1 have any other input
Have a Wonderful Friday Eve!
Thanks for the follow. Look forward to seeing you at the ELE Learning Leaders conf in Milwaukee on May 24th
Lol RT : Now I have Ai se eu te pego stuck in my head Don't know a lick of Portuguese but at least I can sing along :D
You'd think after two home runs youd get the memo.
I still miss my ex... but my aim is getting so much better.
what is with kate in her bloody gown?
Yup :D but winter is coming up which sucks
You can take the "dj" outa north bay.. But you'll never take the noth bay outa ME!#funky beats
#FEDUP #NationalDebt is like persons #TotalDebtOwed, including mortgage, car/personal loans, credit cards, insurance payments, etc.
Have a great Monday everyone!
RT It's On“: #Summersweat is TONIGHT! Mayer Hawthorne (DJ set), Rye Rye, Soul Track Mind, and KP & The Boom Boom!”
Wow... the Huskies really Coug'd it there.
It's Recall Primary Day! Don't forget, there's a primary on both sides! And you DO NOT need a photo ID!
Working on my degree plan... :)
Make some extra money, and you’ll have a little cash you can save
it's a good start for a new team!
Kobe can't hit it if he never touches the ball. Thabo!!!!
Last leg of long day travelling.....who can I blame for this itinerary????
that's so funny! Hahahaha
can somebody tell me how princetons dog died?
it's your birthday?!?
RT : Had a Tour at it was Great :) - It was our pleasure!
sounds like the evening improved?
My throat is sore as hell...but I knew this was gonna happen when I left work yesterday w/out a jacket or hat on <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Now who's going to be the first to say they "needed" to lose this game? Don't worry I'll wait!
“: Looking GOOD today. Keep it up. Baylor has terrible uni's..”thanks bro, ugliest I've seen!
Back at peace. Things have changed, & that's okay.
yayayyyyyy now we need to get Emily here:P
:""( no its all the way in California , I'm in Ohio
starting in July, this is every day, unfortunately.
Never heard this one until today...that you can date someone 1/2 your age plus 7 years and it's still veiwed approriately.
TURN UP THE MUSIC OH OH OHHHHHHHB
If You Wanna Be With Other People Then Dont Make Your Relashionship Wit Sumone Else So Public U Give Dem Da Wrong Idea.
's #tinyhabits is a great way to change your life, one baby step at a time.
Thank you.
Well... Im getting more posters..
OMG, I'm so excited yall!! Going to look at house to buy tomorrow!! Holy shit, I hear its perfect!! 2 blks from beach too! Lord let it be..
Watching to see if George Lucas will explain himself this time.
thank you, and that's good. You going to the club tonight lol
Rick Santorum wants to return the nation to its founding principles. Slavery and suffrage limited to landowners will make a comeback.
#melus12 excited about the native emergences panel
Good art is not what it looks like, but what it does to us.
That looks pretty.... relaxing....
whoa, whoa, whoa what kind of holes we talking about? #fisting RT Wagers, perhaps play a skins match, fist outing of the season?
Hey everyone please go like my Senate Campaign page on Facebook: Forrest D. Stovall {Senator At-Large}!! Voting begins Feb. 28th! Thank you!
why, thank you!
Never a dull moment
Yes! RT : there's going to be 190 more people hooked on the chili!!
Nice to see you again, Ben & Jerry.
I take advantage of every chance I'm given.
. Listener tip: search for a favorite song, make playlist of cover versions from other bands. Wow @ how far a song can be stretched.
Dear God Thank you for Starbucks Amen loll
Idols promise but can't deliver.
Bout to crack open a beer and make some nachos
., don't take a turn to negative town!
O wow dis class is slow as fuck lol
at budget hearings
You waiting on grades? RT : Best Case scenario 3 A's 2 C's
Motivation Monday! Make this week your best week!!
It’s so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don’t say it.
Does anybody have any GOOD news to share???
Trying to get prepared to get on a plane on Wednesday. Two weeks is a long time to be away. (Two days is not enough time to prepare.)
People should start paying us for being so entertaining. RT our song just came on my iPod
TD Vikings!! Minnesota continues the comeback, trails 27-21
tell latoya she should have knocked a muhfuka out. Next time Twitter me and we will get ee dun
Tried Long Island City? One stop to Grand Central on the 7 train. Forget the "upper East side" this is way better. Cheers
RT : Weekend looks great! Got celebrations at more fun & a weekend long fiesta This IS...
Sleep is so cute when it tries to compete with the internet.
1$ (technically $1.12) coffee...my saving grace on Monday mornings! Coffee
is mad she's broke her daughter is a #nastyslut n they want Obama to apologize
testings gonna SUCK
guns on deck baby tigers for pets. What's next?
Aaha guess its kind of a bad idea to spam you .:p
Wow! U just made the movie Im watchin even less interesting. By all means get ya #twitpic on.
Saw my favorite teacher, Mrs. Thurston, at Cracker Barrel.. Wow, why can't I have her as my teacher again. I miss 3rd grade.):
Where did you hear that?
If a Joplin-type tornado would hit the Twin Cities, would we be ready? and joined forces to pose the question.
Have a good night.. And good luck in Atlanta xoxox
People are tweeting about storms and posting pics of damage. I look outside. What do I see? The sun. Psh... So unfair.
Throwback joint, mario vazquez ft "gallery" remix. Haha this was the shit!!!
Cats like tape. It's a delicacy... or something. WTF???
on the highway lol idrk the specific place
What better lesson can you teach a young man, than forgiveness & grace? -Coach Bill Courtney Undefeated
okay now I love you. (:
as long as your baby's face does not look like an ass.
Fischhoff talk on experts' disclosure of uncertainty-- applied domains: intelligence analysis, environmental change, drug facts, meteorology
RT #Justified Quarrels is super crazy and extremely terrifying. I'm a little scared for Boyd and Rayland. And that poor kid...
It's not easy being Miss Piggy's frog...
Betfair Poker finishing tweet. The application is so rigged it's a joke. No matter what u do don't play.
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever. ~ Chinese Proverb
Great walk-off hit by Ibanez - wow!
Everyone needs to check out my blog. The link to it is on my profile. Its called the helping hand. Wen ur going through a hard time read it.
Thank you for adding me on your list.
Cannot wait til I'm 18 and can get a place of my own..
This weekend was like a preview of summer. Good weekend.
Ol' boof ass season of The Game
Money is neither my god nor my devil
Remember Fathers, Summer visitation will be starting July 1 at 6:00PM and will go through July 31 at 6:00PM.
#WordPress #Tools Category Remindr – Category Remindr puts a button next to the “Publish” button to remind you to select the categories for
that's what's up in at work chillin
cool story broo! my favvorite part was when you STOPPED talking! ^_^
Nice to see Broyles get drafted.
in england are u x
Never been so excited for a break to be over!
Lion sex creates stress D:
okayy, thanks! Just wanted to make sure I didn't miss it lol
Just finished tattin' at 12:30 a.m. My machines spit fire like they're out of control flame throwers. Injecting liquid hottness 24/7 365.
Awesome!! You will love it.
Roses are red Violets are blue Theres 1000 boys But I choose You
has convinced me, there are demographic differences in device choices
Way to go Tamara!!!
interesting that this is a #hoax. Last night a premium membership was all too real. This am a big joke.
I don't care who you are, if you're a bitch to me, I'll be a bitch right back.
Cough cough.... RT " Not removing my USB safely #YOLO"
Time to make a few changes!!! I'm done being upset or jealous of your happiness, its time to go get my own.
Remember, you will never become who you want to be if you keep blaming everyone else for who you are.
Table 323 in Amazon room now
SEO is just like a CEO. My license says "I DO SEO". I was asked: "Who is Seo?".
Love the fish bowl idea in the pictorial schedule! Super cute
omg is it time to eat yet, seriously metabolism is still cranking
How is Day 2 going for you?
Thanks :D Now I'm Living My Life Like It's Golden :D
Great game ! 4-0 against Roma!
you're welcome.
I love that shirt! But I've never been able to find one. Where did you find yours?
#Enterprise never flew into space, but served as ambassador, showcasing US space program around the world, seen by the most people
There are easily a dozen police cars in Bradford Beach area... Time to Go Home Folks?
That's the only thing I know about this world is that this right here this is true love<U+2665>
Watching Victor Ortiz about to make history!
“: Who's your favorite Wildcat of all time? #BBN” definitely 7 threes in the championship game sealed the deal
text me hoe
I love a good biography; it looks like it's going to be the perfect Summer read.
SAVE 10% IF YOU MENTION OUR TWITTER NAME ON YOUR ORDER!
RT : Bo this man!!!!! #TradeTeixeira <--That hashtag is a bit ridiculous.
I'm not
the fan club is on hiatus...
Get our daily specials today @ www.havanany.com/specials/
awesome do it
Yay! Take lots of pictures.
That cuteness ensures their survival often, doesn't it?
Street teamz bang out the promotion
Oregon's football revenue ranks 32nd in the country.
Last random thought: My productivity in life will increase dramatically, now that I have seen every episode of Game of Thrones.
Thank goodness this didn't count. My rooting interests are going to explode if Kemba attempts a game-winner against the Hawks for real
you wouldn't have, how could I forget you! :)
Describe what you thought of the Selections for "The Chicago Bears" in the NFL Draft? Will WR Jeffrey help the Offense?
Who won your contest fridayy?
haha down by big 'bammy's boat house. Wish I had made a vid for that.
I wish I could speak fluent Spanish! It's such a pretty language! (:
Once again, the Undertaker, Triple H, and HBK show the young guys how it's done! Thank you for another match in the all time highlight reel!
You should meet ! She's gorgeous with a heart to match & raising money for #kidswithcancer this Sun! dateforacure.org
You don't.
Yo. This is Katie . Tweet us!
SWTOR – Guide pour Star Wars : The Old Republic – Soa – Mode ...
snow in austin is about as impressive as the rapper Snow.
Congrats to our main man and co-host IN-Q for a great show, you guys have missed out on some insane spoken word if you were not there.
We lured them back with snacks and Jim Conway! ;)
I smell Friday coming! woohoo!
That's just not true. Running is an element but you need to be able to pass in this league. (Hint: Brady & Rogers).
Ignorance is no excuse, it's the real thing. - Irene Peter
Who wants to go on a Duck Tour?
ASA for sure! THATCamp, it depends (on status of job; $$). It'd be awesome, but might add up in hotel room expenditures.
Back in the game!!!
Has anyone else seen Romance and Cigarettes? It's mesmerizingly terrible. Half snooty art-film, half musical?! How do you mess THAT up?
Taking care of yourself gives you strength to help others.
I have a zit on my ear. OW.
shiii, same ol man. trying stay out a trouble whats up with yall yall out there?
Maybe that's why the religious don't like gays. The extreme ones literally idolize pop divas as gods and disrespect the one true God.
I'm gonna take WESTest serious
The highlight of my weekend was probably when an adorable toddler with jowls AND dimples smiled at me on the street.
Don't forget: You can also purchase Naptown Roller Girls tickets at the Front Desk of the The Marten House Hotel & Lilly Conference Center!
I need somebody to tell me I'm doing the right thing.
yea && you better after i just wasted my time typing that lml
that song is the reason only girls love lil wayne
If I could get a job Id have nothing to worry about anymore.
U hit the nail on the head!
not too good
I just cut literally eight inches off a belt and punched five new holes in it! Yay #lowcarb diet!
sure what is it ?
Every morning you're credited with 86,400 seconds. Every night it rules off as "lost" whatever you have failed to use toward good purposes.
memos, memos and more memos, wish l loved to take them back as much as I love to take them out!
Yes I'm wearing a Judge hoodie. Hop off my dick, bro.** #fuckingtypos. -_-
In line at the post office I witnessed 3 FM-radio-loving men meet and bond over classic rock. It started with a concert t-shirt question.
Twitter is Growing!!! HUGE!!!
Great gig today for Smithville's American Legion Hall Model "A" Club. Looking forward to an upcoming year of opportunities
"Never blame any day in your life. Good days give you happiness, bad days give you experience. Worst days give you a lesson."
thanks I just like sharing my thoughts ;-)
You can thank Monica actually... she knows of so many good videos!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANDROID TABLET REVIEW: VT PenPad 7.7-Inch Graphic Pen Tablet (Black)
Just finished the book "heaven is real" everyone should read it! Can't even rap my head around how awesome it is.
We have a problem: Search "#Bmore" and assess the gen. impression of Bmore as a city. U should be posting to change the convo?
excited for a fun event tonight! Sent you a DM. Talk soon.
I so need to be pulling weeds in my landscaping. Just want this frost threat to hurry by so I can put my flowers out...
Thanks! I strive for that!
now Bobby Ryan can make fun of Getzlaf since he just get eliminated today.
All right, Walking Dead, you got me. I'll be back.
I'm developing a higher consciousness. What do u do? Geez
Ready to have a better day(:
- You guys have tried to email me a US return note a couple of times, but I don't receive it? Can i return without?
Senate president says "we are going to continue to find state funding to support the arts!". Dat's what I'm talking' 'bout!
Learn the art of appreciation. You might already possess what you're in search of
Not being able to link with ya main rascal cuz of bs
Oh, you spelt Mr Monroe's name wrong in the header - 'O' instead of 'U' :)
No offense but tell me a time a black movie came out and the theater filled with mindless teens and there parents
I almost didn't graduate because of shit like that & I was late for a exam by 2 min -_+ lol
Lunch of rack shopping and froyo. Can we do this everyday
#prayersgoout to Chardon ohio students, parents, staff &community. Whatever the cause, we have to look out for our youth.
Love your recaps, re: ! Thanks for making my Tuesdays!
Can't wait to get me some games to my ps3 today
Damn my mama just made me cry....telling me about her 2 second husband (my suppose 2 b dad) and how he got killed... ugh
I'm uber spoiled!
we'll get back to you soon! :)
You definitely pulled a Ghandi-esque silent protest Chavo. We were wondering if you'd be dancing with on the PPV.
That thought still in my head & I don't know what to do. I'm confused a'f :-/
c'mon spurs lets go
You know what, Im kinda disappointed in the cartoons nowadays.. They just seem to get more rediculous. They need to bring back the classics.
Oh what will be next up on this movie marathon tonight? Any Suggestions?
Listen to our interview with Paul Irwin on "Indiana This Week" on Saturday at 12 noon. Catholic Radio Indy 89.1.
Obama still more destructive
Don]'t be Boring! People don't talk about boring. ~
Schedule's all messed up this week, except for tomorrow! lol Gunna hit the gym hard! Other than that, I'm free. Hit me up homies!
So not ready for work until 10 tonight :(
They gone get u in trouble....
Its my birthday.
was it worth the $5?
Omg. I can't. Lolololo
Hey so...tell me what's up and why I'm being ignored?
I'm wearing jeans, a Henley tee, and lame FLIP FLOPS. No need for the catcall.
Gunna go eat my weight in cake now. Deuces
Help! Conferences can be overwhelming for first-timers. Have any tips or advice for EMPs on how to make the most of #CAM2012?
Our tech petting zoo events have been super, super popular - we get lots of traffic and LOTS of questions.
She better go! It's about time she & I met live! RT : Good night Jean. Hope to see you at #SMCChicago!
Though his work has sometimes left me cold, I am really feeling the Ellsworth Kelly installation in the MoMA atrium.
What a beautiful day! What are you doing to enjoy this day?
Dallas about to get blown out
Happy Vagina Monologues Day! (observed)
i just hope that you miss me a little when im gone
Seventh Generation Marks 1st Anniversary of Pioneering USDA Biobased Certification
Hope you had a great time!
We're very happy with the response the new single 'Baphomet'
Los Angeles: How do prepare your voice for a performance or presentation? How do you care for your voice afterwards? Share your tips!
come out and stop this, if this dude plays one more waka flocka song I'm fucking him up.
not so far, damn it. Bender needs more beer.
Okay, I gettin scare.....need to go back home
#lgovsm is it training or just help getting started through surgeries etc?
Apparently today is #ChampagneDay ...Enjoyed a sparkling erbaluce because, well, that's what I do
follow us please! :) help out some fellow aspiring rockers!
I need my dream team together now im viben!!!!! 10 songs a week where my squad Lz turner!
Boxers & Big Tee --> Most Comfortable sleepwear Ever !
I feel like I constantly do nothing. Probably because I really do constantly do nothing.
I'm not the one who wants to hurt you.
RT : we are all storytellers. We tell ourselves stories about ourselves to predict our future. Heidi Halvorson
Regional identity quiz! When you see "serrano," what's your first thought: chile or ham?
"It is well that you should often leave off work and take a little relaxation because when you come back to it you are a better judge "
This warren G pandora station is touching my inner 90s thug
This silence is beating so loudly in my mind like a thousand drums out of tune.
I'm starting a collection of epic first lines to books I'll never write.
Official lunch bell ringin' pub patio open. yum yum yum
Playing U2 Beautiful Day and it is...
Can't believe like 8:30am it was only 37 outside!!
Bout to be sent off to twitter jail-damn wish Johnnie Cochran was still alive....brotha might need em.
no sorry it nothing aginst you but I just like being single and I barley know you
Wow! Very interesting find.. have you had anyone else take a look at it yet?
#YouWereCuteUntil u took your make up an hair off
Drummers! If you are free, come down and check out James Gadson tonight at Casa Del Mar (Laura Mace, Johnny Flaugher, me). 8pm, no cover.
Congratulations to a beautiful couple!
Employment is amazing. Hooray.
If the sentence begins with "In Japan...", I know I can't be shocked. It's more like "Oh yeah, of course they have insect porn."
Jamaican me crazy.
insert lucky duck comment here.
Some people make your laugh a little louder, your smile a little brighter, and your life a little better. You're that person.
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their rightful names. -Chinese Proverb
Stop by in Morris, 304 Liberty St. 60450 for a free #wine tasting with 5 pm - 8 pm.
I admit it, I have a problem. With that being said, when the fuck are u gonna change yours!?
Midtown's National Night Out Against Crime free Festival & Concert, Tues eve Aug 2 Sumpter Park, Roberts St between Eutaw and Bolton
Have you designed a button for our Facebook Button Design Contest yet? Check out our Facebook now for details.
Actually I have 4 tests tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D>
its time to give gomez another shot at being the starting centerfielder
RT : Chun: our desire for friendship as friending is threatening to reduce the internet to gated communities
Going to IHRSA? Stop by and see the new features in EZFacility software
You're more likely to act yourself into feeling than feel yourself into action. So act! Whatever it is you know you should do, do it.
If you step on a fresh park map, it unsticks.
Are you and Austin coming to visit San Antonio? Cause I have a birthday party for y'all to come too<3
#Str8LykeDes.... Gonna go talk with an ole head about some shit...
Come on Kansas, Missouri broke my heart Friday, don't add to it tonight
I'd like to think this is neverending. If I did I'd be pretending... <3
#cosign RT : Word of mouth is great. #Shoutout to the people that refer us.
The reason why tny variance is so retardly high now. We used to play poker...after the flop...
Anxiety is the worst.
Caution: option 3 may confuse you with picasa
Me and chicken go inn on that RT : Someone from PGH sample "I don't like" and shoot the video with me
#teamfollowback I always follow back. CHeck it.
glad to b of help, where r u headed?
That was pretty awesome.
Ruben is waiting to pierce you! And Sterling is out front handing out 20% off jewelry fliers till 6pm!!!!!
Wugazi (Wu-Tang Clan + Fugazi) is currently ruling my world.
GSA Members please help support this Cause! :P
lol stale and yuck
No language can express the power and beauty and heroism of a #mother's #love. - Edwin H. Chapin
Feels so sophisticated today, golf jargon and golf clap.... Don't mind if I do. Thanks Byron.
I am...I hope its not hard
rain rain, go away.. I can get wet in some other ways ;) if ya know wat i mean by dat! (;
thanks for the follow, Farm Food at it's best!
a true icon of the music industry, good that your on this show sir..
One hour fifteen minute wait
No. I can be a paradox. I can be a lazy workaholic.
That's half true, & half me trying to convince myself I like being sober.
Agree to disagree. RT : homeboys lookin old.
really? The only reference I made to any authority was specifically flagged as opinion & applied to disprove your non sequitur.
u btry to make me look bad
Today I will listen to Mariachi music on my commute.
Battle of 2 HCs who still look like they did when they were players UMASS/Drexel goes to and Umass. 2 classy coaches
Ready for tomorrow.
if they do, it's already too late to save them.
I feel you my daawwwggg RT: Yo I really gotta stop saying yo and dog
Nf back boo ;-)
haha good time buddy!
Got the winter blahs...come out to Melange A Trois Happy Hour with 3 guest bartenders, Lynda, Erica, & Brad! It is going to be fun!
sry that u won't c them but I'm happy ur moving 2 Miami I live here and it's alot of fun u won't regret it :)
This format needs to be used in the future on pressing issues and current events/popular topics/issues.
glad to see you are alive! Are your text messages broke?
Thank you :))
Follow to get daily updates on recreation activities !
What a blues lyric!
SO excited!!!!!
Watching Pretty Woman on Bravo! Love this movie.
i without a doubt oppose the idea of hunting an animal for play because what makes an animal any less important than you are
thanks :D
Just watched a senator get put into a jester hat.
Lou Williams beating the Lakers on his own. Sixers being outrebounded 52-26 and still lead by 5 late in the 4th. Wow.
Terrorists went through all the trouble of hijacking a plane to crash it when all they had to do was not turn their iPod off during takeoff
The day you slipped away was the day I found it won't be the same...
college football teams,college football sport news » Blog Archive ...
Don't forget to tweet us about the issue for a chance to win a cash prize!
Just for today I'll concede, gentlemen do prefer blondes. RIP Jane Russell.
That does not sound fun at all.
Not gonna lie after 45 hours of work I wanna go to sleep!
wrong, just because you critcize your own doesn't make you great
S/O to my new followerr goo follow herr
Ah Friday...my second favorite "F" word!
My goal is to have all her guards come down
Thanks to everyone who came up to enjoy the Cooper Mountain / Montinore Estate wine tasting last night. And thank you Pinot for the food!
bruh u have no idea, longest ever #deathofsoundclick&beatleases
Life is better when #confidence is BIGGER. is talkin' about #swagga this morning! BOOM!
no promises!
Dear Elisa, stop being so NEGATIVE! :D lol the truth my ass!
Thank you for your #knowpositive donation!
Why can't people pick up their dang feet when they walk???
How ya like tampa so far?
Watching the game ! The bulls putting in work
granted...all it takes to be more mature than me is to have the maturity level of a 6 year old.
Hey you.
I know! Trader Joe's had some incredible strawberries that I bought yesterday, it sounded like the perfect way to use a box. :D
hi, if you're interested in learning spanish let me know...
My homey C4 just dropped so much knowledge on me about this music business, like a lot of people are gonna learn this stuff the hard way
where have you been all my life?
Why aren't #NBA refs held publicly accountable? No credibility.
Sasha says "Oops, sorry! I had no idea! But thanks for showing some love! Tell your people about us! How was ur experience?"
Dior we only talk shit when we can back it up.
was it god
Please tell me this god retreat is a joke
Tip #67: Do not be intimidated by those that know more than you do. Talk to them. Ask them to share their wisdom with you.
C-A-T-S,Cats,Cats,Cats!!!!! Let's CLOSE the Dore's early and then turnout their LIGHTS!!!!
any time! Gotta get the word out
Was your IMAP to gmail connection working earlier today?
Just got cut off by Rick Ross in a mini van
I wish this tropical storm near New Orleans would skip New Orleans and come to Texas! We need rain!
thank you :)
So Ryan Leaf got arrested AGAIN on another burglary charge a couple days after he made bail on the other burglary charges
The alimentary canal is located in the northern part of Indiana.
Eating dinner
not even close. This semester first. Then summer. And have to finish the diss
Get drunk......stop being the martyred slaves of time,to get absolutely drunk-on wine,poetry,or on virtue, as you please.~C Baudelaire
That moment when you're on the phone with someone, but you're so bored you say, "I'll call you back," and you never do.
Not when I'm trying to concentrate tho lol “: I love music that talks about sex! Lol.”
at the Latina Leadership conf suggests using favorite hashtags like #Latism and of course
Waiting 4 delayed flight at EWR to Syracuse. Continental has mastered time travel. TripAlert tells me departure is 6.02 pm & arrival 5.32 pm
Checking now. Odd. Blister in the sun?
Loving Derek Lowe and that almost-39-yr-old right arm. Lowe and The Tribe shut out Minnesota
- Lovin Happy Monday!
Our skills will be tested tonight.
Bike commuting in the wet and cold is not so dreamy. The upside...I see a shopping spree at REI in the near future!
We'll be performing some new songs
RT : God is coming to replace some things in your life that has worn out!
has finally scheduled Library Camp for Kinders-5th grade! Let the teaching bonanza begin!
Back from the gym.. Bout to do more pushups FUCK IT!!!
Come by tonight a have fun with the Jim Beam Party Girls! 5:30pm- 7:30pm $4 Beam drinks Win prizes, have fun!
Neither Texas, Alaska, nor Florida are surprising.
Oswalt maybe a Phillie. Can't see why we wouldn't waive his no trade clause.
I have been eating a lot tonight
Nordfors: When will connectivity come to Silicon Valley? Eriksson: "Everybody wants connectivity, but nobody wants the towers."
my #Shoutouts miss you too! haha :) soory its been awhile. i been busy.
I'm excited about it. Haven't been this giddy over something in a really long time. :)
If I had last night on video, we'd all be motherfucking millionaires.
Listens to "Crack The Sky" for the first time. Too early to tell... but man, these doods are smart.
#indieview A3: Did I mention that no-fuss NOT pie was for my MIL?
I just found your SlideRocket resume... very inspirational!
That game was off the meter Dallas Mavs all the way Fuck MIAMI NO HEAT heheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheh ......lololololololol
Dinner? Fancy!
U want a trip? I can get with and suggest Guntown.
Sounds good; From where?
No problem. May God bless you and yours!
3:00 is way too early to wake up. Oh well, in about 5 hours, we'll be in Phoenix for #Rockies spring training! Woot!
And you can watch the shoot live through our voyeur cam on June 16th, so excited!
hey hey to you too! found you via the interview you did recently with Entertaining interview - good work!
I just wanna be happy
You should go follow right now! Why? Because they follow everyone back!
Faith Hill 'Come Home' just got branded on
PLEASE JOIN ME AT MY OPEN HOUSE THIS SUNDAY, MARCH 11, 2012 FROM 2PM TO 5PM LOS FELIZ TOWERS 4411 LOS FELIZ BLVD UNIT 405 CROSS STREET...
EVERYONE! We showcased w/ a bit ago...SHE ROCKED! PLEEZZE follow! She acts (4 REAL), sings, and PLAYS! Rare these days! MUCHLUV!
so did kenneth faried
lmao I just wanted to be an ass. :-)
This is the first day of the rest of your life. Make the best of it
You're welcome!
RT : New Beatles cover for " all you need is #bewbluv "
My bad for flooding yall TL just now
Baltimore has EXTREMELY nice incentives to buy homes in "struggling" places. Plus you can adopt a vacant lot for $120 and garden
$100 is alot of money. I don't care how rich you are
Transporting a Chiefs shirt to Broncos country could be dangerous. Don't want u to be branded a Chiefs sympathizer. :)
You never know what you have, until you don't have it anymore.
Science is simply common sense at its best.
It's our regular hours! It really, REALLY sucks here!
said Bono!
- Look at you! All successful and stuff. Great to see you man - drop me a line.
#NorrisColeFacts Norris Cole will end up having more rings than Lebron, even if the Heat win the championship
is celebrating 5 years together with Christopher today...Happy Anniversary HoneyLamb, can't wait to be Mrs. HoneyLamb in 365 days!
why would the O's give him up? What would it take to get him?
Gospel music, the blues, rock and roll, R&B oldies and many more in the MEM area. You can't forget about Beale St. either.
Tnx for the RT and mention. Let me know if I can help with your family search Lots of stuff on my website www.unyg.com
Obama, Romney star power shines on businesses - Charlotte Observer
RT Where will you be next FEB? Could the rumors be true..the next company trip will be to..............HAWAII !!
yea but it immediatly said maddy owen is not available for facetime. you try it
I Wish Money Would Have Sex N My Pocket N Multiply $$$
Some may say my time would be better spent finishing this quarter's assignments instead of shopping for next quarter's books
I like the Burlington, but where's the minibar?
march 1st should be a holiday(:
#WHYiGive We give because our students are learning how empowering it is to be supported by total strangers.
F!...KingJames gets an F becuz when u posses as much talent as he does, free throws should be a gimmie at home
"It is the breaking of life that produces the blessing of life." - Bishop T.D. Jakes Thank you
#CalipariSecrets sent pictures of Bruce Pearls BBQ to Lou Henson
Has anyone seen Abbie Hoffman?
How many people are looking for a good man/woman and how many people are looking for a warm body?
The hottest places in Hell are reserved for those who in time of moral crisis preserve their neutrality - Dante
ugh!! i really thought my niece was STAYING over her father house tonight.
tweaking no sugar thing just a little... adding endangered species extreme dark chocolate sweetened with beet sugar... just a square or two
Nice visit with the fam this weekend, but great to be back. What is up with this humidity though? Usually it's worse up there!
West Coast tune into to Watch and VOTE for GO GO GO RACHEL CROW!!!!
You mean you're still on this earth? I need to order up another tornado, then.
No problem boo <3
slavery the video game. LOL What these folk gone come with Next.
The dangers of failing to wrap up for new year celebrations
why cant i just sleep
Shipping, shipping, shipping, oh and more shipping! Tis the season :)
Congrats buddy!
Somebody give this guy some company
Was just at the book signing at Books & Books in Coral Gables; pretty good turnout from my school :)
Yeah. I'll bring it in. I read a review for SS that said "Time to dust off the Wii.." and I thought "so true." I like my PS3!
Message to all gigging musicians. No matter how established, or experienced. REMEMBER, ALWAYS!! scout your venue, & Sound system
Wish I didn't have midterms to study for! MT : Reminder to anyone who hasn't started reading for the wed bookclub
Enjoy the convenience of in-home #fitness equipment with the F7 Fold Away Gym - Save Today!
New CandySwipe Free game comment in the #android market: "Candy swipe is the most addicting funnest game ever!!!!" by Leah
then don't say it
What's you're favorite thing about WebCamWindow?
Early morning skies radiating with color...
this tweet took me about 30 minutes at 3 in the morning just because i had no idea what to say.... Your just that amazing....
Best wake up call ever :P
You go MTM!! I used to be such a morning person but lately I've been a slug...takes me a little to get going in the morning.
RT : T4.1: There is no shame in seeking help. Its the right thing to do.
I don't mess with too many women
I'm loving some of the new changes/upgrades over at CraftIsArt. Thanks,
Might aswell try this twitter thing again
Erasing the MySpace! :) reach me at (818)660-OCHM
chill in like a villain, spicin' up this life of mine.
is that u!?
If you have real internal value, you don't need a loud, expensive imitation ~ Denis Waitley |
Listening to cover to 'OneLessLonelyGirl'<3
#IThankGod for always being there for me to talk to whenever I need to <3
not like you have anything else to do for the next couple weeks
i'mma smack the FUCK out of you.
Well... Looking!! Haha.
haha yes I do
Taking the dog for a walk in the park this afternoon, because it feels like that kind of day.
That's the one!
it's alright. Can't be as bad as MLS live. They are giving us Chicago....
80 something yesterday snow today if the DEVIL ain't working............. Saints we need to PRAY!!!!
honey badger is bad ass.
Needs to talk to
I mean i knew id drink at some point. But frehshman year..? Ahaha wait why am i telling twitter? This is the shit i tell tumbr.
why are cab drivers always on the phone?what if everyone was on the phone while doin there job?
Some sort of evil "energy fairy" came and took all of my energy in the night.
suck my balls!!
Current trend keeps WA temps below normal month of April. "normal" low is now 42 at Sea-Tac/ 37 Olympia. I'd give 3 wks
u can always watch drag racing qualifying on espn2...probably eating glass still better
“No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.” – Napoleon Hill
im watching boy in the strip pajamas.
high school girls mostly freshman.
yes Shauna your bro doing his thing
There's a Full Moon out tonight! Come see all the Moonies at the Cow! Giddy Up!
sir ken robinson: imagination sets us apart from other species.
another wonderful day at twc the place to be!!!
Offering Treatments for hair, body and spirit in the Heart of Hillcrest.
Literacy is tied to: historical context, sociocultural context... What else?
today was pretty fucking great. (:
It's almost game time...I don't know if I can take this!
It's your life.. No excuses.
RIP Junipr Seau, one of the greatest
My nieces make me smile no matter what. Had the best time trying to get our kites to fly.
I wonder if the girls from 16 and pregnant will come with a show called "32 and grandma."
#ParksAndRec ROCKS!!! totally knows why: bit.ly/psVY44 via
Craft show today 2801 Lomas Blvd NE 9AM to 4PM. Left boyfriend to run Soap Shop...........WHAT HAVE I DONE!! HA HA! He better be good!
woah, you just passed a very cool tweet milestone number
if yu dont text me we gone fight
Im following people that's not following me #notwinning about to unfollow all they ass!
How is it? I'm a big Sixpoint fan. Have only had their beers in NYC.
Morning tweople! Help me reach 300 today... pretty please?
please do!
Tannehill strikes me as a reach esp in the first round
Word! Damn the one u gotta pay 4 will change the game!
Just took my 3 year old to his first ever swimming lesson. He loved it!
Combine Bike Riding W. Stops at the Highline
Thanks so much!
White Chocolate Raspberry, Blueberry Cheesecake, Dark Chocolate, Raspberry Lemonade, Salted Caramel...
#imagine austin: this place is about to BLOW ! you: oh really ? *austin winks* -
Had my remaining wisdom teeth taken out today. Without their spiritual guidance, the rest of my teeth will turn to a life of moral turpitude
He had too google that...
We're British, except for Niall.
I CANT DM HIM HE IS NOT FOLLOWIN G ME...
I'm sleepy, goodnightC:
If you live in Wisconsin, for the next few weeks, Obama/Romney can wait. God knows we've waited.
where's that?
Tan is beautiful <3
Say goodbye to that rez “: Thomas Keller = weasel : I always associate use of the phrase "per se" with weaseliness.”
yeah. & yay. Congrats!
RT going to #patsparty to support with the #Hillman from the #hillmanmorningshowwaaf ...GO PATS
I'm at SBCGS Seminar, featuring the
I guess being the innovator of forcing passengers to pay to check bags wasn't the solution American Airlines. Hello Ch. 11!
"HAPPY SWEETEST DAY"... TO ALL :)
Keep the questions coming! talking about innovation in education right now!
Cant wait to see what 2012 has in store for me...
I'm saying. I don't get who makes a wedding between two people all about "Princess" Paige.
RT is the place to be TONITE! is brings you the HOTTEST Cinco de Mayo party!
Garlic chicken and mashed potatoes. Yum. :)
It's usually used to dismiss the whole profession. Most famous example is re: Eve Sedgwick, a scholar I consider a model.
Crazy! Librarians who cover up pictures & words in books or cut away from resources by way of self-censorship!
Why you hate me
Please support the campaign April 1 to highlight the neglect of medical needs of children with autism! Let's get #WhosFoolingWho trending!
lets run of an get married i promice u wot find an betrrt guy thanme
Fellow users: last names that seem to be connected to my suspect followers: Wittorf, Laudon, Lutsuk, Polhemus, Hockenberry, Iyer
thanks! It's downloading now :-)
I cant stand drama and liars and hypocrites. My head is in the mixer.
Echoed from P.J. Clarke's Sidecar via : Why am I not being located
I love LIGHTSKIN
Some people are just too stuck up.
Get up, get down. Put your hands up to the sun.
's good fam
LoooL where R U from then !?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
To the world you are one person but to me you are the world <3
My first coherent thoughts this Monday morning: Who made this mess? Well, I'M not picking it up!
Paul Ryan: good news: it is not too late to turn this around. 70% Americans believe in American dream; 30% believe in welfare state
hearing em and getting the email piece!
Those are adorable. More than I can spend for this project, but adorable.
ha ha ha ! Amazing !
Thank u!!! Oh, hi there! Our love to your #Greek #American Cafe! Greeting from Athens, GR...
Dre was dannyelles sub in one of her classes today and was talking to her about Bre small world
Omg this chick just walked in wit her daughter and her butt hanging out the bottom of her shorts
woo :) are you planning on it being like a chill party or like ze's bday party lol
Albany sophomore Bailey Hlavacheck repeated as 800, 1,600 & 3,200 champion in the girls Six Rivers meet.
My girlfriend is absolutely amazing. Don't even wanna know where I would be without her. I love you
I like the scouting report. his K:BB ratio is poor. That won't be a problem because the halos don't take a pitches
Triangle Home Movie Day sounds like it was an awesome event! Is it annual?
I looked at online tutoring. I think I need someone in person.
The Skittles definitely won. Not a single one left.
happy mother's day to the greatest (and sometimes craziest) mom in the world! love you!
<U+2661>BE YOURSELF<U+2661>
how about adding a girl into your guys little hookah bar date?;D
Good day.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Preparing to rule the world. Rule the world!
Beautiful day for the #Tigers #Hens game today!
Love the beignet fries !
MEAN GIRL: "I'm sorry for being mean to you but I need some advice. Why doesn't Josh like me?" ME:" Cos your UGLY!"
bet. Or I can dm u my email to send a snippet
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep. ~Scott Adams
ok I'm going to work crying like a baby !!!
Last night in 'Cuse.
seriously, you're full of shit. shut up already
I grew up in Silver Spring. Downtown is an abomination to me. I hate it
I only dance for two dollar bills.
Sometimes I wish indian giving were totally acceptable
BUT I have seen the movies. Samesies, right?
Cee Lo is SO Legit right now. Dude's got
God, you have to stop playing these games. Introducing me to all these beautiful women with boyfriends is a tease.
Lying in bed listening to my neighbors fight. There are worse things than being desperately alone. Not being alone, for instance.
Edward ain't here today it's gonna be a boring day :(
U can dish it but ya can't take it....
Of course! Always use tongs that are meant for hookah because they are all metal.Kitchen tongs have harmful chemicals on them
PAD THAI betchhh :-)
Hedo Days - Aug.6/7 Live Band, Kasidie, LifeonTheSwingset,Photo Booth, Toy Lady, Body Painting, 8,000 sq. ft. Play Area, Pig Roast! Join Us!
I am so amped about all of the fantastic finds I've found on Twitter tonight. All of my Plus+ Luv goes out to everyone I am now following!
Confused. Why do I get no results when I search twitter for the #c4l09 hashtag? Google search, limited by site:twitter.com, shows 119 hits.
Thank you so much! Will do! :-)
yea i knw
yeah i guess you're right :)which movie was ur favorite so far?
that's exactly what i was thinking! :)
your tweets are amazing. Enough said.(:
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 60F OVERCAST
This promises to be fun!
love the glass!!!
For some reason I want Austin and Payton to go out
Happy thoughts, happy thoughts...
: Thanks for all the game updates. It was very helpful &
RT : Q2 #libchat it has a text transcript so i dont have to listen to the podcast.
Go get'em! See if you can program some kids.
wow that was the worst interview I ever seen on TV ever regarding kardasians with Jill interview.
sleepy sleepy sleepy
That's great! I'm trying to push myself to do that.
Last night, my wife said, "You're too drunk to read." And I was like, "No, I'm not." And she said, "You're not going to remember it."
That awkward moment when you just got home from softball practice all sweaty and your brothers friends are right there... #OhHeyThere<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
If we do our job right, we can show people what poor children can do - Kaya Henderson
Our sister company, Mediterra Restaurant and Bar is almost finished. We are so excited! Look for our Grand Opening soon!
hehe okay gurrrl, love you too.
Doing the same rethinking. Wonder how long til wunder comes online?
BLAZERS!!!!!!!!!!! I love u. Thank u for saving what was left of the almost worst day of my life!!!
Congratulations to all incoming #MBA students on completing Opening Residency. Looking forward to the start of classes tomorrow.
What's the number to call? can't listen!
So, this vandalism is worthy of coverage but Farmers Market building demolition not so much?
I feel your pain. I once fell asleep on the Green Line for 2 hours, and I still have no idea what happened during that time.
- We would love to have ya!
A great day for the defense bar! The evidence just wasn't there. Kudos to the jury for not being swayed by emotion.
Who is your favorite Villian in a Story?
Insomnia, I hate you so...
Great job last night ladies!Things got really HOT during our Sexy, Art of Seduction Class! If u missed this one, Join us next Monday @ 8:30!
Haha Heather or Maria?
Avatar may be the best movie i have ever seen! Go see it in the theater, 3D if can. Definately lives up to the hype :)
Are we still on for this happy hour at some point?
I don't want my kid to sound too pretentious... maybe Smith or Footman. Or more prestigious? Butler.
Discussing of mapping place and texts; reference to work.
I dnt have no service in Monroe.
Two months in, I'm just pissed off at any suggestion that parents do anything different. Period. Oversensitive, much??!?
Language development, pointing skyward: 12 mo. "Ah-cha!" 18 mo. "Ah-plah!" 20 mo. "Air plane!" 21 mo. "Huge plane!" (or) "Tiny plane!"
dm I am a colleague of Andrew Oppmann's and was about to call him regarding a new Gannett business opportunity. 920-450-5404
Great point clouds made up of red and blue! WILL b a great practice!RT : Purple clouds! Going to be a great morning practice!
K sent!
We can't wait--a great day ahead. #Cochon555 RT : good talk and good luck
Two striker forward. One striker system.
I gave you a shout out and DMed your username to Austin and Cody(:
Franchise too OK with mediocrity RT : u think the lack of accountability w/in the org. is as big an issue as I do?
i dont care about appearance
ok bard, you may be a new staring pitcher,but this isn't your first rodeo. two balks in one inning??? get it together.
ha im such a weirdo, im trying to dance to "Music Sounds Better With You" while im home alone xD
That is actually pretty brilliant!
Baseball Game Today :)
Fletcher says he's led men in combat, has made tough decisions, and can build coalitions.
that's a bummer, wonder what is going on.
Great idea! I think I can do it in less...Providing user friendly accounting services to small businesses everywhere!
Finally getting caught up on The Pitch.
Yes! Got into all my classes!
I swear I text the same 4 people everyday lmao
So happy to be in Costa Rica, an exotic abyss of beautiful foods, vegetables, drinks, and ........ Now where the hell is a McDonald's!
for what?
#entarch < Thanks for the inclusion!
im so confused peytin didnt die?:o
Cool. Which area of DC/VA are you looking at? When are you moving? Send me a DM with the details and I can help you out.
From what I've seen... Need more OJ, Zach & Conley
I lack a prostate, so I morally object to coverage for prostate cancer treatment. Thoughts, Todd?
Monday, monday, monday! Hope everyone had a great weekend enjoying some beautiful weather, finally!
Thompson is introducing his plan to "Restore" America.
RT : approved funding totaling $3.36 Million-pledging to create 168 new jobs & retain 1,421 existing jobs...
I just need some longer earrings & I'm good
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
This is my 600th tweet! Shout out to my awesome mom :D Love you!!!
as the years progressed, his game improved & by his jr/sr year, he was that dude! Adding that mid-range shot, a beast on the boards
Save your heart for someone that's worth dying for. Don't give it away. <3
I can't either D:
simmer down I was kidding
Just returned from 3D camera rig test. Things looking good.....
haha same i LOVED twist and pulse but the twist and pulse dance company are just as good! :) <3
Waving with a sigh at 2011 as it starts to fade away...
Thanks for retweeting!
Looking forward to starting the semester next week!
- Thanks for the update - I am always looking for resources for the writing audience.
RT : Do something unexpectedly nice for someone in your life today.
Ran 6 miles for the first real run after the holiday season! Bring back the great routine!
Surprise run-ins with APU students all OVER the place!
Maybe they could more appropriately leave a couple boxes of Bergers.
Keep Rockin my good man!
lol. I read this tweet, and think "sounds just like ". For good reason, evidently.
The space needle turns 50 on Saturday.
I prefer grumpy old dude w/occasional mild wisdom, but thanks for noticing.
Another sunny day in the third ward. Find us on buffalo and broadway.
Super stoked bout the Hip Hop house party this Friday! Hope to see you there!
Had a great time on the Big Island. Back in Honolulu now. Can't wait to go home to LA. Still dunno when that will be. Soon I hope.
Chef Eric Lee, who delighted us with his creations at the Inspirato house at Mayacama, talks about being on Season 8 of The Next Food Net...
what's going on with u mama?
i wish u were doing ustream:( it makes me upset not being able to see you</3
Reason I cry in yoga usually: 1) Moon is waning (literally yes) 2) Proud of someone I love (or myself) 3) Period 4) Teacher as a true master
& gonna get their near-beer on tonite w/ a SOLD OUT show in Salt Lake City.
sorry I missed it.
I cried when Penni almost died in Bolt. What the hell is wrong with me
Well...gonna crash out! Had a long day! Goodnight
Happy Anniversary to..........me! (and toni)
you comin to madison keezy? Btw I don't pull all my tweets on fb any more
Still a big KY bb fan.
Hair's gone again. My neck is cold.
": More dominant sweep: Thunder over Mavs OR Spurs over Jazz?" Thunder over Mavs. They were the defending champs.
it was your fault
Yes, it was largely focused on mothers. I suggested that there should be dad representation on the panel next time!
NEVER LEAVE ME AGAIN !!!!
I love ya music! Real ish you spittin, fresher than tha rest! Cuz you help me sleep shawty!
Sitting under the dryer with ma rollers on cooking my hair for prom! FABULOUS!
I was talking to him about it. I was like "I love how brittney and she's all over you" he's was like yeah I know lol
Feels like a productive day ahead when u were up before
please #followmerebecca i love you and your songs
thanks Tony!
sexy and they know it.
Amount of hungry senior citizens on the rise
Brock Osweiler is the QB at Arizona State and now will get to learn from Manning. Elway spent a lot of time scouting Osweiler.
Aw poor Olivia! I had such a fuckin headache...But it looks like your state is a lot worse than mine! :O #GetWellSoonHun<3
Oh wow! Thanks!
dude txt me!
I saw my sub sha
Whos going to Austin Mahones concert in NY(:?
A very peaceful, rainy day.
how is your precious baby doing? How was labor & delivery? I'm so nervous about that part.
MT“:Bill Gates didn't applaud so Arne Duncan won't either. Ever see Bill drink a glass of water while Arne is speaking?”
Flying Biscuit = yummy food every visit. Don't know how I missed the one right by me on w. paces ferry all this time :/
has your new phone arrived yet? Text me when you get it
Awww...that's the most touching thing anyone's said to me all day. :)
These lines, so well rehearsed Tongue tied and over-loaded You'll never notice
sure, do you have "O Holy Night" on this album? that is my favorite Christmas song :)
Don't see the logic..just bc my team has had past losing seasons doesn't take away my right to have an opinion about the redsox
time to pass the fuck out, for work at 9 AM. then it's hibernation, and then it's prom.
since i aint finna club heavy this summer i thnk ima get right on my 2k skills lol
A Blazer fan agrees. Go Spurs! RT GAME DAY BALA GAME DAY!!!
Thanks for the #FF!! Have a good weekend!
you only live once ? =)
I love SUVs. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> I love sitting high up<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Can't wait to invade w/ #lincolnpark #chamber members and #seersucker on Wednesday!
The next free Baltimore #coworking session is this Friday. Send us location suggestions! (must have wifi & be on Charles)
we gotta get together bro
your new icon though. asdfghjkl.
Bookophilia in Jamaica to carry "Olympic Gardens."
People love that show! Another reason I need HBO.
God has poured out his love into our hearts. - Romans 5:5
i have the goofiest grin planted on my face :)
I figured that's ur spot !! Lol
In the wise words of bubba sparxxx, "What ever it is you do, do it admirably"
ahahahahaha! Good question :P
i dunno :) well you owe me one in real life cuddle if you're ever by chicago
smith The Raider I hated the most was Lester the molester Hayes
So excited! An article about RachelsCBD just came out in the new January edition of Magazine. Check it out!
I just ate a pound of edamame.
uh oh .. party girl . RT It's my Birthday weekend!! ANYTHING GOES!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Thanks RT : U go girl! love the passage of tax cuts 4 middle class. dont let the bullies get 2 U. your doing gr8!!!
#party ! Youngstown Avenue, Orlando, FL 32826 reefer pool party byob !
Congrats to those who've heard our ads & have signed up 4 savings! Have u heard how Me2 can help u save $$$?
But im a G, so fuggit hahaha.
It is somewhat embarrassing to be regarded as a literacy leader or at least one who shares books--then offer a lackluster program.
Does this dress make me look fat? No, it's the fat that makes you look fat.
I SWEAR A BITCH CAN TAKE A NIGGA UP SHITS CREEK JUS TO PROVE NOTHING AT THE END OF THE DAY
It's #tacotuesday! Where are you going for your taco fix?
You're welcome! Will there be any video of the speakers posted?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Game on #uconnhuskies. Let's show TN why we got the ring.
Songwriting session NOW! New music from This Way coming out soon!
I dont salute you niggas who knock chicks up because you don't want nobody else to knock
RT : Thanks for the 550 #OKC jobs! We really needed that!
OK you got my follow :-)
A stitch in time? Cotton's "the fabric of our lives"?
I agree. Does your library limit computer use to cardholders only? Just curious. Mine provides guest passes for non-cardholders.
The cheetah is the only cat in the world that
It's an amazing thing! RT : RT : I like it when a person comes into your life by accident and stays, on purpose!
Many will not see now who I am what I stand for and what I will bring, but soon that will change
A very impressive photo surprise coming from this morning
PSU students proving entire campus is out-of-touch “: A few rocks are thrown at the firetruck on College Avenue. #PSUCharges”
“: new wifey ones ?” check your instagram
Thanks so much for the RT!
winter has finally arrived in Rochester
I just got a new agent across the board! Starcraft! Very excited!
And for my one-hundredth tweet ever (WOAH!), I will wish a happy birthday!
President Obama must always remain highly skeptical of the Clintons.
check out the new shirts at flipcups.com Also we are looking for models
I obviously have to go to bed right when has a twitter party. Well there goes all my chances of getting noticed:(
I just watched it on my DVR, he ripped them a new ass hole...lol
Good question. Immediate return would probably be Final 4. Its the largest tournament in the world, next 2 the world cup.
Lmao RT : The Lakers playing like the Niggas from "Think Like A Man"
Hollywood and the World with Catherine Jurca and Ethan de Seife starting now. Dana Polan moderating
Lost 2,000 bones on the #stealers tonight, needless to say, I'm in a glass case of emotion
In need of Secret Recipe now
I'm on my way to the bus, heading back up north.
I should just tell my boss that I can't come into work today. There are beds to lay in and tv's to watch.
same....!!! ahh scared the heck outta me!
love the backround
#amwriting after having a few glasses of wine. It doesn't work for me . . .
Sweet dreams people! I hope everyone had a wonderful day!
Have a great show!
Mine are still on as of now.. I love them though.
Exactly! Nothing can keep you away from your favorite movies! :) I can't wait to see it! :) Hope you feel better
you finally got it?
dik eat we can find something :P
Make it rain.“: Man it sucks that what I did last night I have to do all over again tonight ”
STREET FIGHTER!!! it's about to go down...!
Not in the slightest!
do you know how much the WM28 tickets are?
out of work early to avoid the motorcade. Don't you have a helicopter or could you have planepooled with the VP? seriously!
did you see this tweet... Yeah I didnt think you would anyways :'(
it's 11:11 you know what that means(; FOLLOW ME!
DP (A-list #screenwriter) taught me you can be tht rare, great, cool & *nice* person AND be very successful in Hollywood. TU
Uh oh! #agtown on
A 6 am deluge in #rockville...replete with flash and boom and no more slumber for ol Craig.
If you can't handle my worst, you ain't gettin' my best. #PinkFridayRomanReloaded Thank You !
Teamwork is the fuel that allows common people to attain uncommon results
These energy ads - clean coal, why fracking will save us - are so desperate, so transparent.
Enjoy the sunshine! Grab a great new book and stretch out with it in the cool shade under a great big tree! (There. Phew. Said.)
Actually, I think you hate us!~ :{
Especially since it's such an ethnically diverse campus. took everything in me not to kick the shit out of the guy
Thur Soup SPecial: French Green Lentil Soup with White Cheddar Cheese & Crispy Apple Smoked Bacon
Nasdaq up an incredible +19% this quarter that ends in two days. Insane!! Buying at these lofty levels would not be wise.
cant believe i just went to 4 hours of dance with walking ammonia....brb dying.
214 million?? Really????
i will, thanks jojoe
All-time jumbled lyric: "Hey Jack Kerouac, I think I'm your mother." #streaming10kmaniacstoday&dontcarewhoknowsit
That's smart! More faculty could do this - if encouraged to think about #firstgen issues. These basics make a difference!
i feel so left out
TUES NITE @ THE SMILING MOOSE = $1 MILLER HIGH LIFE Bottles, $2 DALE'S CANS From 9-11pm! FREE OPEN MIC/STAND UP COMEDY! 10pm Start!
For your boyfriend!
Bracing for the "worst blizzard in decades", which is supposed to arrive tonight.
“: online it does, on your iphone or droid it's a beautiful interface! it's free” Got it for iPhone. Beautiful interface!
we love you too <3 hugs and kisses to all of you
Yes is my shittttttttt. I love my gay!
I seriously might die right now but be ready by 7 tonight !:)
Most ridiculous meal I've had in a while. Kyle's amazing cooking + magnum of Belgian scotch ale courtesy of Greg.
Why can't #GirlScout cookies be sold in packs of, say, 2 cookies at a time? That would definitely help avoid eat-a-ThinMints-sleeve syndrome
Wonder what the #PLA12 attendees think about the #RDApocalypse? Oh, wait, PLA doesn't really serve the cataloging community.
Thanks for the follow. Have a Fuddtastic day!
Sweet photo! Reminds me of where I went to school growing up. Cows were the neighbors :-)
Yes! Should be ova soon! :-) Always do and will, babe!!! DITTO! Talk soon! Mwuaaahh!
RT if you just read this.
gig in Sellinsgrove, PA later on.
Wow... just noticed my iTunes library is 105GB+ (not including FLAC files). I need an iPod classic.
Do you ever wonder who you were before ?
Treating myself to sushi for lunch...yumm!
those things are actually really freaking good!
Gotta love that damn Greek!
Don't miss ZZ Top tribute band, Velcro Fly, live on stage tonight at Pineapple Willy's starting at 8:30!
love this quote. glad we made it through another Media Law class. .. almost there.
Just tried to call from a party bus. Yeah, that didn't work out.
You guys really should be spinning "I'm Not A Gangsta" by ! That song is my jam!
follow this guy he is kool
RT from 2:29 PM Sep 18th -- Sitting in the theatre at SCR waiting to see Misalliance. The set is gorgeous!
My last retweet is the opposite
lol sorry sis I was preoccupied! I'll hit u up on my lunch.
RT : Can't remember a single then-Brewers player going to Madison.>>>Too bad you can't remember the failure of Barret in MKE.
#RedSox #Yankees tonight! Or #NCAA first four? Decisions. Decisions.
On our way to DC101 for a popcorn drop... See you guys shortly
Thanks all of you for coming. And congrats to our 2012 graduates!
ok awesome thanks. So do you know of any large commercial sites that might need some security systems put into place?
it's good to be here, it's good to be anywhere
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 32
Ready for Cookin' Tunes tonight? Get to Grandma's by 7pm!
Thank you for your time today. Keep making FL great!
The desires that arise in your mind are often clouded by ego motives, which are not true needs.
for real :/ that was the basis for my creation of my bracket this year. at least slu and kansas are still doing alright.
thank you for following us, would love to meet with you in LA anytime!
Happy Mothers Day to my beautiful mom! #iLoveyou ! <3 :)
7 30 meet me in the back where u met me on Friday
OMG...her jury speech had me in tears. I wish her the best
I despise the phrase "in the real world."
I like the article, but the 5th paragraph says "hisself." Lost 99% of credibility in that one word.
I-35 exit 353 Subway - big night
Don't worry, atheists aren't that dumb.
Thinking about registering your kids for summer camp? Don't wait too long and miss out on their favorite sessions. www.rawhideranch.com
I think I may be the only person who does NOT know what that song is!
are you going to the concert on the 3rd?
Thanks. Looks like they didn't send them all out at the same time (or maybe at the same time in different timezones?).
Writing some songs and planning to record after class
My alarm for tomorrow won't shut off till I solve arithmetic problems. I hope this means I won't be able to unconsciously turn off my alarm.
Haha ruthless chirp... We still have an outside chance, but I'm giving the east to Florida State now
bout time cake!
Oh yea,my album "Theme Music" is available on itunes also.Go ahead and get that! As for those who already have, I thank you so very much!
david said he told you!! its a bar crawl on saturday, do iitttttttttt !!
Open Mike at the Dog and BOne last night; tonight I went to the Song writer's association at "LaJava Lounge" out in Cape Canaveral...
which one!!! I wanna go!:)
pip pip cherrio mate
Kids these days are so ignorant.
going to kansas*
that is scury... They may not be kidding considering they're from Southport
Never new love with hurt this bad worse pain I ever had
On the flip side... The amount of work I'm knocking out >>>>>
wrote me a song!!
FSU vs. Phillies is always such a funny day to me.
There are some noteworthy projects though. Will need to look then up and tweet them forward tomorrow.
Braylon Edwards thinks Bryce Harper can't catch.
:D d'aww
The crowd at Romney's rally has been reduced to chanting USA, USA! Really? Not very original and uninspired.
#MerryChristmas to all of my followers!!! <3
My ex told me I need to #GROWAPEAR so I dumped that bitch for ;)
Love the interview. Thanks!
okay yessir , I jus got home a lil bit ago rude so it shouldn't
thank you! <3 and i already did! (:
I'm so excited to be a part of and making a differenece with the Overcoming Childhood Obesity Conference in October. More Details 2 come.
the dilettantes and debutantes at the dartboard.
Have you RSVP'd for the Dec 2 FFW Holiday Bazaar? Don't miss out on great gifts from amazing women like !
we are doing pretty good!
i'd like to see a list of the top ten best designed classical albums
We've increased the number of avail. e-books of our current One Book, One Chicago selection! If you've got the gadgets, go for it!...
RT : i want to be editor-in-chief so i can make a weekly publication.
Going to be rainy for the next few days! Get your rides in this morning if you can!
what happened today??
lmfao I hate you
Happy Publication date to 's THE ANGRY BUDDHIST In bookstores now & so HOT it's smoking!
Congrats , , & Matt Breejen for #winning employee of the month! Contact them for how they improved client experience!
Paula Dean on Top Chef: I put it in my mouth expecting to taste one thing, and I got something totally different.
So tired of waiting <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Mm, love her.
": me Toot & David guetta kid Cudi memories" <--- f*cking love that song!!! Going downtown tomorrow to party!
First round of change of location notices for the Western Regional Archives move are online. MARS/EAD updates will be made later.
I'm one step ahead of you... He's already chained in my kitchen.
ah too bad we don't have the same brand or we could share :(
I manage icare FHS in AZ we provide services to the disabled/families Always trying to improve Any advice is welcome!
I can't find it :(
Happy Holidays
I've admired you from a far, And I've wished on shooting stars, But my dream hasn't come true, That means I don't have you <3
As a matter of fact, yes. We want to talk with anyone who is interested in hosting MidwestUX in their city in coming years.
I've developed a like/hate relationship with We're not on good terms today :(
me too, but I never survive them. Champagne w/ peach schnapps will do u in and make u yell "jaaaaayyyyy" - try it
partner, lets get it
What other #indystage show shall I see this weekend? So many intriguing choices! Too many, actually.
Responded to FIRE @ 230 Chestnut Ave, Staten Island, NY 10305. Red Cross auto update.
Just realized that you're from Racine! That's why you spend time in Milwaukee?
The book's thesis is weather caused crops to fail, but policy caused famine. Policy was very (unfairly) free market.
I hate pimples at the corner of your mouth.
awww thank u
tye dye or die
same.. the stud is really plain n butt to me now lol
chemistry grade? I'm slamming her HARDCORE during that teacher evaluation.
yeah I'm on my way there now ... You?
I am cutting myself off from the media and blog sites. Too many people losing it, I can't read one more emo comment.
The man obviously appreciates quality company:) cc
Roland! :D Of course you can probably already guess what I am going to say... thank you!
I always matter no matter what.
Are you ready for some football????
You & me both! Did you watch the get upset last night?
lol why else would my room smell like puke. i puked.
recommendations for a basic gym membership around wallingford??
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 77
i actualy saw and met da yesterday in memphis tn yezterday wit
i know but i'm trying too come bck .
Strawberry festival in an hour or so :) <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0093>
Hi ! It's next Saturday and Sunday. Hope you can stop by!
I honestly just want to b back at school. I can't stand anyone anymore!
"Humble yourselves, therefore, under the mighty hand of God so that at the proper time he may exalt you..." 1 Peter 5
Definitely Was Not, But Okay RT : I'm chilling bae
RT : If you have trust in God, you have no need to worry, you will know that every wrong will be written right in time.
That's the way! Laughter will get you through anything! ; )
What's the difference between a woman with PMS and a Pitt Bull? Lipstick.
Lightner just voted against thousands of jobs that would have come with expanding the CC -- about right for this council.
“: The richest 225 people in the world have as much wealth as the world's poorest 4 billion.” Disturbing.
Why do I even make an effort to watch Mad Men's "On the next episode..."
they ran outta Lakers shirts
At animal on fairfax in LA- damn......
24 hour rule means no drinking for me, what's it mean for you?
Just had one of the most bizarre nights ever. Life is so strange sometimes. Oh, Atlanta.
I will see you on Saturday!
thx for following!
damm that sucks!
Finally caught up on #RHBH! All I have to say is... WOW.
How funky is your chicken? How loose is your goose?
Now... that's from the source...
hi, brought me here, and I think your voice is like, WOAHHH.! :D
he just told me ' i just came back from Panama . the U.S. is overrated -_-: ' lmbo he get on my nerves <3
you can also sign up at the link above by clicking "stay in touch." Trust me, you'll want to get this newsletter.
Dinner at the in-laws. Its like a warp to biblical times.
If you could file a bug with support, we'll have a look at it.
Hey , I like your face. <U+2665>
lmao u do not!!
Kevin Costner can't help in this situation.He was in Waterworld,so he knew what to do for the oil spill.Who's been in a nuclear plant movie?
Ugh, the European teams haven't been playing too well, they are either drawing like crazy or losing. I guess this year is for the Americas.
Steve Jones, Paula Abdul and Nicole Scherzinger are no longer a factor for X Factor. The Fox music show has asked two of the "so-so...
Been putting my unlimited text to use TRE to 79922
Isn't it funny how different the personality of the Sanborn Map designs are when you change the colors & context? Bizarre..
for this summer?
It can't be! Free cookies never hurt the tummy. It was probably that water you drank, much more likely.
Good play call !
yup good ol tuscana!
#iftwitterdidnotexist - we would all have more organized closets...just sayin'
At least it's Thursday right?
it always does :)
enjoy your lunch date.
Thanks, Carl! Hope our paths cross soon.
Seems like a volcano erupts or a war breaks out where ever my parents travel.
Speaking of sharp cheddar cheese- Found #kosher certified brand today.
MY COVER IS WET!!! I SHOULDN'T HAVE LEFT MY WINDOW OPEN
School is a jail. Classes are the cells, teachers are the security guards, and we are the prisoners.
haven't been out yet but took it to #golftown in Northboro the other day to hit the #R11. Still got it. You?
I haven't seen Gossip Girl since the season premiere, so I am so fucking lost. I'm gonna go ahead and thank for this.
hehe yess ..nothing is taken for granted
And now for a round-up of last week ... while my son sings E.T. ...
's most recent Instagram picture = haha, i saw the 'No Fear Shakespeare: Romeo and Juliet'
The next round in the Damn Near Free Contest will begin soon so don't go far!
Who's coming with me on 06/16 to see and ? Attn:
Same thing! Apathetic non voters and dumb electorate didn't care to realize that Wis had America's best senator in Russ.
Lol! He knows! Be sure and don't run in circles without Him! (;
Another impressive day of hoops at the H-Town Classic..numerous coaches were in the gym today including Gonzaga and others. Day 3 tomorrow!
The 7 layers of OSI should be made into a film. Just saying...
can you sell me 500 grams of teff flour?
huh? What promise?
Can't stand (non-Apple) company or product names created by putting a lower case 'i' in front of a common word
Wow really?
Thanks so much for spreading the word! Let us know what you think of the segment.
Hmm. Our Twitter acct mostly just links to our blog posts. Wondering if we can use it for conversation, too.
he said that becuse I said "HAHAHAHAHAHA"
Very smoky... perfect for a fall day (as will be the stout that awaits as a my reward for writing work today.)
“: Faith is seeing and acting on a future perspective that is filled with Jesus.”. Amen
There will be a lmtd number of $15 + s/c lawn tix available for NICKELBACK w/ Bush for on sale tomorrow - Sat 7/28 - Farm Bureau LIve at VB
thanks for following :) have you tried posting some of you work on our app?
You, , - impressive! RT Spent my childhood listening to on 107.1, cool to meet her :)
That is a good word. I'll start using that one.
. He's been to Room 210. It was a really cool visit. His website is Chillermania. He is a one-man operation.
Taking pictures of my cat RIGHT NOW!
Had a good day, taking care of loose end. This a little weak and tired still from being sick last week
Woohoo writing a new song!! =)
HEADED TO FIRST DAY OF REHEARSAL WITH ANITA BAKER...Catch us at Radio City Hall this Sunday if u are in NYC...
RT you mean Zombea Arthur? YES! Like.
trying to colab with u and your family. Who do i talk to about that and whats your fee?
Lol.I would prefer to teach my pet rooster how to fetch a ball in the backyard.
"All I wanna do is a-zoom-zoom-zoom & a boom-boom...JUST SHAKE YA RUMP"
You are the best Kevin...Thanks for all your support
Michigan does not currently have the death penalty. It was abolished in 1846.
nope it is brunch till 2 then it is linner. The order is: Breakfast, Brunch, Lunch, Linner, Dinner, and Bedtime treatises.
I wish you could have observed this WP links migration. It was intense. I made my wife feel my pain by walking her through it.
I'm doing good, have fun in OH.
bring back the 'a book apart' shirts!
I wanna get totally wasted" I wanna get wasted every single day of my life" "I wanna get chocolate wasted" RT if U know it!!(:
My work ethic could best be described as "procrastinate as much as possible then frantically scream OH FUCK right before the deadline
Follow the kid if u follow me I'll follow u but I'm da leader lol
Got 2 b tnkfull 2 #tjmaxx they wer the only 1s who gav me a job that met my schedule W my #autistic child i can only work nights ;)
ohh you have fun too in Cali!! I'll txt yu wifeyy! Have fun getting up at the crack of dawn :)))) haha
put on an incredible show tonight in Atlanta. Pure awesome.
I went to just get a case for my phone and ended up at forever 21
The NHL returns to action tonight following the All-Star break with 13 games on the schedule. The Pneguins and Rangers Highlight the action.
yea I've seen a bunch of em... Then Ben rothesburger burger Ha
Me too. Have a great day!
Got school in the morning uhh lol
AESAOne welcomes All Ethiopians to our Annual Soccer Tournament in Washington DC Stadium July 1st-July 7th 2012!!!
Teleportation is one of the best
Come up to the nosebleed section and say hello!
Paris tonight. Sold out show!
just found out about a CPAP thats mask free nomask.com
No problem. c;
should have a short article on it, and i'll link you when it's up. thx for the RTs
Oh my goodness I hate sitting in doctor offices!
Six championships. Five MVP's. Hundreds of highlights. One awesome movie w/ Bugs Bunny. Happy Birthday Michael Jordan.
I think Bosh has his baseball now...
Twitter contest still in progress. We looking for winners!!!
Also: and anyone who works at ESPN.
We now offer retail bags of Counter Culture Coffee. Available now are 12 oz bags of Finca Nueva Armenia and Jagong Sumatra. Both organic!
Senate cmte passed education reform bill last night. Thanks, & Sen. Enzi, for your leadership, esp. on behalf of rural kids!
thanks Deb...big weekend ahead!
In contrast 2 the drawn-out CDC/PBID request 4 $ from El Cajon council, Mother Goose Parade needs just 5 min. 2 get in-kind $ help from EC
I'll see what I can do. Bribing me with tacos usually helps.
Every day may not be good... but there's something good in every day.
Too much going on w/this Scandal episode
say my name say my name when no one is around you say baby I love you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
about that pic of them hundreds !
I think either way sucks.... I'm single and it blows.
Just be a hipster and upload to Vimeo. Brillant!
Gratitude to and for RTs and mentions!
I could punch my alarm in the face this am
Rolling out of bed!
they locked us out, chilling in the room, you here?
The has some wicked passes, you guys should all check them out. I did the Funky Chicken.
the amount of wide open shots missed in this game has been.crazy
Why is a top news story, "Janitor earns Ivy League degree" Who cares what his job is.. he's just like any other person workin&goin to school
After this Sunday (12/18) we will pull all our Christmas merchandise off the shelves, so come get it this week!!
thanks for the RT fellas!
Day two of keto and my mouth tastes like a tin can! Also trying nitric oxide today...
LOL!!! Never thought about that! Or just got really drunk!
Mon Lung on Ashland is pretty good. There might be a Chinese restaurant on Milwaukee that's decent. Papajin?
Im a idiot....playoffs?
Sara Watkins onstage at #stagecoach but where is everybody? Either still sleeping or still partying. She just drove in from Carlsbad.
I shitlist people quick, once your shit listed its your task/job to remove yourself off that list till then don't expect socialization
Hey everyone I am casting a lead for new entourage like web series. Early 20's petite party girl...this is a reoccurring role..contact ASAP
RT : presenting at UW-Milwaukee startup workshop: telling is not selling
Yes, but I like Twitter better.
#iLikePeopleWho have followed :-)
2/3 w the Hush Sound - come on out!
yuk, I am a soppy mess :( what the
> > >That feeling you get when you feel his eyes on you!
Health lady at my job gave me a pack of lifestyles rubbas....."Ion lik lifestyles cuhz I gota big dick"
Distractions all around today. Need to
I'll tweet 3 more tweetes then I've reached 100. The last tweets will be for <3
Thank you!
I AM DONE WITH COYA !!
I#LOVE when I say something cute to Taylor,He ALWAYS says"Aw Baby Poop :)"x_x He's such a butt #Lovehim Doe P[eace]L[ove]U[nity]R[espect]<3
yeah its on!lol
I had so much fun last night! Congratulations to everyone on #Awake for a fantastic season!
that's what must've happened to mine, too.
either way works, I still get it. I'm not in yet, will be heading in soon
Awesome! RT : Congrats to Ayron Hardy just signed a professional contract to play in England!!!
Practice, practice, and more practice! No matter how talented you are, you still gotta practice!
Progress is progress! Even 1 step in the RIGHT direction is a GREAT thing!
Here at Livestrong Park to watch get a huge win over Sporting KC tonight. Come on you Timbers!
Starting my workouts again. i wish i could stop drinking soda, but my dad always overloads on soda.
I have nothing to wear tomorrow :O
According to Charlie Echeverry, senior vice president of Univision, Los Angeles, there are a lot of brands that do not understand consumers.
how the FUCK the gas station gon take $75 out my fckn account and now I have to wait 3 days to get the shxt bck. ill fckn kill them yo!
Open Jam at the Paramount Fri night 7-11 pm. Come entertain us on stage in our Historic Theatre! Sign in & wait till we call your name!
I am interviewing people.
Wasn't that E.U.?
Searching for some hot steamy pictures of tomato basil soup. Google, turn that SafeSearch mode off.
fair enough!
Today is the first OFFICIAL day of #Summer and the longest day of the year! How are you going to celebrate?
OMG. Totally read that in 2007. I have never been the same. I've read it twice since. Flaubert def. influenced a lot of peeps.
And on top of that, most of my friends like to treat me like garbage.
Preakness is about to be wild!
Can we get Uma off of #Smash please! I don't like.
$5 cover buys your first PBR
what u on jo....we grabbin the telly friday
you get $60 another bonuses (tripled money/ 300%) for JBP members upgrade
Have your antiques evaluated for $5 each on 3/3 & 3/4 Antique & Collectibles Show Proceeds benefit us!
You are too kind,
Lol im good! My band just released a remix of our song " this sinful city" on purevolume! you can download for free!!
Oh no! Don't let our office see that!
No school monday!:D huray!
dont forget its a million other people with the same dream as you
Just saw my homie Brenden... Good to see my Irish brother from another mother after five years. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
A good day is one spent with good folks whose notions of time are as a spacious as your own. G7
Excited you're here with us! Thanks for being a part of this great experience :)
I don't play that game. I bolted the instant the credits started to roll.
3 hour odyssey of #thenewgrill is done. Just so I can have a medium rare grilled steak on the balcony tonight for Mothers Day.
Now that is a show I would probably watch.
i wanted gasp <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> and chuckle <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> at that tweet to the "fellas". Oh Fred.
$3 Spotted Cows at BarNone tonight! 1139 N Water
They're playing lots of black music on The Mob Wives.
i havent felt this good in days
Im based for life no trading
I'm really nice, I just don't like you.
i never looked at the mirror and truthfully told myself i was beautiful. not for the sake of not wanting to be conceided.
#AlreadyTempted to break every New Year's resolution but will try to leap over every temptation during this leap year 2012.
aww thank you that legit just made my day.!!!
Do you like to sleep? "Yeah." Me too, we should try it together some time.
omg math class..lmao she still never told me
Back to San Antonio tomorrow for the weekend to spend time with family.
I forgot my retainers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I wonder if John Woo just has a "dove guy" that follows him around ready at all times.
writing in the newsroom at 7 news 3:30 am-11 am, heading to a casting at 12, & then work at the restaurant!
Probably. still not 100% my mom said yes now i just need a yes from my dad lol(:
T-Minus 10 hours #Let'sGoRangers
o idk lol those guys stay behined the mask
my office has a call in to the project manager. Hope to have an answer for you later this afternoon
Lol well I didn't do the project so I'm gonna finish it..and I just don't like the rain.
Today, my heart is full and I'm so thankful for my family. And, I'm thankful that they finally went home. LOL!
Just made a montage of music to go along with 's Summer Jam artist announcement tomorrow. 1:15 of HITS.
I think I'm going to take a nap
If you've been on the site for 5 minutes and haven't had the urge to pay for anything, you're the product, not the customer.
I got shots, and I only cried twice.Im proud of myself.My right arm feels limp.Im not sure if it's from the shot or just placebo.
cause you look Latina but not like your Mexican. Lol.
Yahoo! management always saying how great the company's doing as the company does badly, really terribly, just no good at all.
Y do U jump to the front of the line to get on the bus AND THEN start to pull your money out of your wallet and count your change??
I'm happy I got to dance in the scramble light before leaving BSU. Great fun and energy there!
M. no longer wants 2 b labeled. Caroline's IRL friends & family members affect her writing & I can't speak 4 them.
I remember that. It was awesome
Had a great meeting with yesterday about supporting our efforts with ; thx to and ~Mark
why not? can we help? our online classes are stil available and we can get someone to help you register, let us know
You watching too? Or you just like the show?
There are few things in life that can't be fixed if you have a cherry popsicle.
amazing weather <U+2600>
just bought 's new single 11:11 and i love it!! <3
I was supposed to see you but I couldn't I feel so bad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
follow back please? :) x
is irritable
Ditto...after this weekend, I'm so tired...
Shid Who Are We TO Judge One Another!
Everyone on Twitter got got RT : DEN and NY have encountered hangup in language in Tebow's contract that could nullify trade.
Could have stayed in the bed dang
Very happy I came to the tech startup networking event. I met some incredibly talented individuals tonight!
Ok, if Mr.Krab is a crab, who is Pearls mom?
If a screenplay is written in the woods and nobody ever reads it, was it ever really written?
how do i do that dam on the west coast
My oh my how rapidly H Street is changing.
This. RT : Don't fuck with someone's relationship, because you can't get one.
not worth it by
I just LOVE . I even use skinfood on my little 1 if his skin is acting up or we're somewhere very cold. Fixes everything
At church. Love this place =)
WHAT?!?!!?!? Why have my tweets messed up? It says I've only posted 1,019 D: I think my heart just shattered...
idk if its in theatres anymore but you can read the book
It's bath time with Lily Marie, and the farting rubber duck is back ...
RT : NBA Commissioner David Stern can eat a dick; Eat a fat black dick
It's good to have people genuinely happy for you when you do good, even if it's just two.
Proud Mama: Our furry baby Jacque finally learned how to play with other dogs! And I got it on video :) This has been 2 years in the making!
Congrats! Happy 6 month anniversary !
Would you rather kiss Justin Bieber or date Alex Constancio?
Got a new i-fone....amazing
Aye i been getting my life on track that's good glad to see u doing good.
RT : heyy wassup -- nothing much chilling watching the game.. U??
"Poor Kids Cant Afford Xbox's" =
Thanks for your support of general aviation and your fight against "user fees!" SO important to support this great community.
Going Taos tomorrow with an English class. Luhan house. Lawrence ranch.
ill txt u.
#WilliamLevy is delicious! He can do no wrong!
I hate it when I take forever to reply because I don't wanna sound stupid, but I do anyways
no doubt; congratulations on all your success, you smell terrific.
dont forget to #remindme that uhm.. oh look a squirrel ! :D
Love Bruce Springsteen. More soul than most of the so-called blue-eyed soul bros. Rip Clarence Clemmons.
It's one-on-one out there, man. There ain't no hiding. I can't pass the ball.
Great to know, thanks! RT : yeah, you can forward it to 7726 (SPAM) if you're on AT&T to report it.
On the other side of a downward spiral My love for you went viral.
playing some
My shoes match my shirt.
RT : The Brown-Forman Nutcracker opens in less than a month! Who's ready for the holiday season!?
How can your company integrate social media into traditional media to make it easy for people to share your content/brand with others?
Recently I saw someone propose at the Millennium Park ice rink. I asked a skate guard what the tally is so far this year. The answer? 10
Love how some people's feelings get hurt when u speak the truth. They don't wanna hear that so they'd rather attack you... Indirectly. Weak!
Second exciting announcement: We are opening for House of Heroes July 13th at Station 4!!!!
At home so if you wanna text me its 239 284 8475 but at least tell me who you are so i can know :)
working on drums for
So the kid just randomly bit someone he wasn't even playing with? That's even worse.
great pic of you. You are so pretty!
Hit the road to Lubbock at 5am! It's gonna be a LONG day!
14: EnergyBank by Jason Meyer - identifies investments in appliances that will give you the best return over the life of appliance
A couple women noticed my MacBook air and wanted to hold it. It's like having a puppy.
well I'm glad you didn't ;)
way to represent. Just followed
Family dinner. Trying to stay awake.
good and bad. blowout. no wade 2nd half. b team 4th. moved a block in an hour leaving. but eddy curry!!!!
"When one woman dies, one chapter is not torn out of the book, but translated into a better language." -John Donne Peace be with you Missy.
lol I am too! And yes Loni you do, that's why I didn't go for spring break cause I couldn't find anybody old enough
you need to visit Milwaukee WI!
Sick of hearing about Black Americans, White Americans, latino Americans, Asian Americans etc etc we are all Americans that live in America!
Can you be both offended by something but also think its hilarious? It's a fascinating grey area.
Hope everyone is just as hopelessly obsessed with draw something as we are.
Huge difference between response accountability and DRR accountability
RT Dang man, Messengers is such a freaking good album. August Burns Shred me to death baby! // Leveler topped it IMHO.
Already bought my playoff tix.
what's up twitter?
I don't see a lot of wins on that schedule. Even 5 seems out of reach.
Staying in the shower longer just cause waters just so Damn warm!
np! I have a really 'messy layered' psd if you wanna take a look at what I did
Almost time to eat!
BTW your the most beautiful girl in the world
In about three hours I'll be headed to EWR and beginning rehearsal for Wonderettes shortly after touch down. See you all in Jackson, MS!
The A/C is out on a canning day. It's hot.
What are your thoughts on the Monta Ellis trade?
be like that tho
Remember, Tony LaRussa "invented" it. RT : Hopefully. Such a flawed concept, the modern bullpen.RT
Shout out to him. Ur name had me laughing my ass off haha
Can we restart?
you never wished me a happy birthdaay!
ps. This weekend is needed for the gym?? Me you? Date?? I think yes!
I love Theodore. He will always be my favorite underclassman.
AHAHA don't lie RT you did NOT just imply I am a size queen
E-Resources librarians spread the #love to everyone! Scrabble is also wonderful!
Ugh please stop complain over something I have no control over
haha! If our engineer takes a trip "out to the tower" in the next few minutes, I'll know where's he headed.
what it is
I wish I had Wednesdays off.
Top Steal: Save 34 Percent On This Sophisticated Cutout Top! Business in the front, party in the back! That 's what came to mind when we
Jerry Spring is on celebrating the anniversary of the talk show that changed America. 222-6000
I agree with team needs a puck moving defenseman
correction, homework on a Saturday night<<<<
ha ya right I went home to get more booze. No nap I'm a champ.
you only rentin that hoe for the time being
my birthday is Wednesday. Think I can get a happy birthday Wednesday from you? :)
Two walk-off HRs in as many nights for the Sox. First, Jones. Now, Rios. Get involved.
Masterworks program music reflects the year at Bethel College - Bethel College News
Thanks for the tweet appreciate that
It's ridiculous - why transplants? what's wrong with us? It's not like Beaver games are tragically underattended.
I think that is the greatest tradition. Oh how I would have loved to have grown up in Green Bay!
is there anyone here who believes we should ban? If not why don't we discuss how to convert the naysayers?
Share with us what you are doing to impact the air in the Denver area #OzoneAware www.ozoneaware.org
Gorgeous day to live in San Diego, CA
I'm meeting everyone tonight
US Budget finally done.
Fizzy pomegranate lemonade. A nice way to settle my stomach.
RT fade into darkness
#IfItWasUpToMe candy paint would be standard...
Sorry, that's of course *48* hours until #THATCamp #AHA12. See you there!
When ever u call baby, ill roll up... <3's it!
Can this class be over already?
Clockin in for some OT.
It's mother's day, love you kids up!
How can I be so energized on so little sleep?
Want to knw if she like wat i gave her
You headed home for your almost-birthday? ps. Most american riflemen are more suduko people, in my experience
MT : Celebrate #OpeningDay with Sprinkles! Buy one cupcake, get one free when you wear your hat or apparel on April 6!
#truly It is only God's grace and mercy that has kept me safe this far.
good old times...good old days
only in Bend :-)
The band was Foster the People
where are you? 1989 was my year! LOL
We, as a nation, should cut our losses and ask Arizona to secede.
RT Lining up Milwaukee's best musicians for a new song I'll be recording with milwaukee's best producer &manager
better put ur party pants on for tonight. We r gettin weird!
Those demi-gods with their nine inch nails and little facist panties tucked inside the heart of every nice girl..
I'm on the cutting edge of trending. I'm the trend you haven't heard of yet. But just wait...
Italian food is the best food.
I mss you too baby, but I'll be in Terre Haute soon enough
6/11 9:10 PM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Chuck Nice
Control your jealousy because I cant control my temper.
I used to have ongoing zombie apocalypse dreams in high school. Those were the days!
mike check!)
Thanks for the
hahah u said u would follow me too! Lol when we hung out during the nets game!
I'm a little drunk on Fort Wayne, and high on Indiana. #LukeBryan <U+2764>
What’s the best thing about Portland’s food carts?
Regardless of what the weather will do tonight, it was a great ride into work this morning! Happy Friday!
Sorry I've been slacking.
Hope that shows some real stones & blows up the DCU in FLASHPOINT No5. Let creators create!
Good deeds was a great movie!!!
People who think they are a bigger Mahomie than me <<<<<<<<<
you were great. Glad to see you back on my screen. What's next?
#MikeDantoni out in NY?
love that!!!!
Great to connect again, Nancy! Hope all is well
when are u due near Memphis !! My mother travels the surrounding area to see u ! U r known as "her man" in her house !
Happy iPhone day!
ya know it whore :)
Watching netflix.. Makeing it a movie night
So do we! We really appreciate the support - keep getting the word out!
sure. call or skype, you know the numbers ;).
Adam follow me please ur great
I jokes no stress,love,live life,proceed,progress!make sure the neighbors get no rest!
it was amazing seeing you last night and dont worry i wont tell anyone our little secret ;)
WOO *throws confetti*
Yes, my manager gets me a ticket to every award show
Stop making the same movie every 3 years with slight variations. Yes I'm talking about spider man, amongst others.
Crap. Something is wrong with my cell phone. Its just that...your numbers not in it.
Just threw a few KO uppercuts in the form of "Block & Report Spam". Dancing 'round ring; Rocky music....
Happy 12:32 am!!! I'm not sleepy but I don't feel like doing anything either <U+2665>
i am still in the process of getting all of my mom's stuff in order. i'm very glad that she left me with instructions, just incase....
Dear Friday rush hour traffic, REALLY?
Thanks to Jackie P for the clothing rack for practice attire (ok, just skirts as of now) The studio is so so happy!
Much obliged! Didn't know what he topped out at on the FB...
welcome to all my new followers, if you plan to attend the MSA Expo, you can find Ciao Bella Jewelry at booth
Chilling on the beach with a brizzle. That's how I get down
Afghanistan War until 2024? I now know how people felt in 1967. #WhatIsThe Mission?
Every rose has its thorns
Claim it, plan it...you already know! Lol
#DrawSome is getting boring. Too many repeated words. and I need a new game.
depends on how many schools you use. Not many people use all 120 schools. Just use a couple conferences and 12-14 teams.
Live music tonight !!! Starts at 7.... With Kelly Riley!
should be going home to do english coursework..instead I'm going to party at ediesss;D.
you're pretty awesome, you know that?
how yall day been going?
Regional meet tomorrow
On the airwaves of Detroit until Midnight! Hit me up! ~313.298.9630
PLEASE CHECK OUT ! HE IS GREAT! U BEING SO WELL LIKED ON THE RADIO AND ALL, WAS HOPING U COULD SPREAD THE WORD!
One game away from 8,000.
In Sorry Wrong Number (1948), "trapped" takes on a new dimension w/ characters confined by imagined ills, domesticity and truncated dreams.
You can learn so much by following the right hashtag. Interested in innovation and startups...try
NO I SMELL GOD
RT : People think it’s weird I defrost my turkey in the Jacuzzi. It actually works quite well. And makes the water taste...
I am following you 0.o
Cute chick with her hair curly. She ride a dick til it get early. Her pussy clean but she dance dirty.-FM$ aha
I used to reserve that for teen mom...now I guess I have to waste two hours.
Kinda a rough day. But nothing a little bday dinner/visit from mom can't fix.
Ladies free all night ladies free al night this friday jack 21+ BYOB ONLY AFTER HOUR RIGHT BEHIND BEAMERS LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT LEGGO
totally agree as soon as our logo is done (today or tomorrow) we will have a meeting, and press release!
How come Girls thats not your be the first to get mad who told you to get attached knowing it wouldnt last
Leftover turkey + Margarita #pizza = #Breakfast of champions!
Cruising at 3mph down Mo Pac .. Love friday traffic home...
Yes Jesus loves me! Yess Jesus loves me cuz thee bible told me so!
Ive never asked for much in a relationship I just ask for honesty, someone I can trust with my life thats all ive ever wanted...
have so much going on for my twentieth year in Chicago Celebration....Join me!!!
START FUCKIN WIT ME MO ON DIS TWITTER SO WE CAN PROCEED WIT DIS TAKE OVA!
Did everyone have a great weekend?
Don't know if I can bring myself to remove from the blogroll. It might just be there forever.
I have a feeling it's going to be packed when we get there
My friends need to not live 30 minutes away anymore. Curse you, Mount Juliet. You don't own me!
Ugh quit making me jealous!
My favorite rapper is Kid Cudi hands-down.
24 is the year of plaid.
Stunning moon up in the sky tonight....oh how I love that moon!
Try each day to #improve yourself.
I guess Dawn should be jealous of YOU, She's getting your left overs. Haven't you slept with all the guys in your house?WHORE
On our way to Murphy NC! Come on out if your nearby!
i know bro its just been a ruff couple months i got somethings to settle bout a week or two ill be really ready 4 yu
Hey! How was the walk? Did you find anything at City Liquidators?
guess who's testing new version 1.7?!? ;-)
at this point in their career they'd probably just play in your back yard for a few bucks
Joyce Banda next Malawi leader, Muluzi and Law Society say | Malawi news, Malawi - NyasaTimes breaking online news source from Malawi:
I'm so excited I'm heading to for mint chocolate chip custard! That's how you celebrate #StPaddys Day!!!
"In the flow" is a great place to be!
‘I make it a rule never to get involved with possessed people.’ ~ Dr. Peter Venkman (Ghostbusters)
I hear ya. We do HIV and STD testing and hep a-b vaccination for free. That could be a gentle selling point. Free condoms too.
Whoa, I was not consulted on this. But I like it. #BabyBoyZent is officially approved. ;-)
Happy birthday love you bunches :)
: is participating too! You can eat at their cart or ours and proceeds will benefit !
Do this! “: Would you be interested in doing an email Q&A for my comedic sports blog, ?"
I think there is something wrong with me... Im doing something very unheathly... But i cant stop. I think i have bulimia.
Dick Clark died!?
Debate matchup #1: + vs. + (or reason vs. passion) re: museums must be run as businesses
#MyNFLRuleWouldBe Take the skirts off the QB's.
Celebrating 75 years of photography, sculpture, & art, join us while we tour the newest exhibits at the SF MOMA. This Sun (2/7/10) at 5:30pm
that moment when you walk in a class knowing you will fail the quizz #MichelleHelpUs lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
House of lies was great tonight! The show is getting cold and deep.
Editing ep. 2 of the Bridge Podcast!
I cant wait to move out to paint my room purple
Ick... Bentley makes me wish I had my own behind-the-scenes camera to capture the thoughts of past and present "suitors"...
If I won $500 million, I'd be hiding from my family like Rick hides from zombies on The Walking Dead.
you keep telling yourself that...as long as we win one more next week.
It was a good interview. My fear in all of this is not just how the 'marketing' of the marriage issue came down, but that
Did you know that we're OPEN 7 DAYS a week?! Call/tweet us or just STOP BY! 1738 Telegraph Ave
Fighting that afternoon nap is the worst.
I like that I paid $2.99 for the Kindle edition instead of $14.95 AND got it instantly AND can read it on multiple devices.
Fayetteville tryin to put em on the map fa r&b
And that, as they say, is that.
RJ, that is a cool look for you ... The Hero Has a Thousand Faces by Joseph Campbell fits you...
no ones on my time line. omg. :(
just good ol fashioned partying
oh yeah. When I got on it, it only let me edit shit -_- I was like wthh
I wake up at the same time every night.
Its Me DeLana what kinda question is that.. And Tell me about.
Do we know who's hat is was?
Oh no. The Red Sox woke up Mark Reynolds. Look out American League...Look out.
My mom finally knows how to text lol!
very inspiring. adding PCT to my bucket list. Hope I won't need the personal trauma to get me to go - no offense! :-)
Yes, it is great, and only will get better! Keep shining, Connie.
is at today for FREE coworking! Tweet us or come by the cafe to book office hrs between 2-4pm w/ us -also free
This time won't you save me
Disappointed in those 2011 figures? TPS will get you in front of your B2B customers...guaranteed.
If you have you tongue pierced and have to get your wisdom teeth out . Do you have to take your piercing out ?!
I want to get some shoes from Bakers. Do they sell them online
Dear cold, please leave!
I'll be there! x
If I could overdose on these meds, I would right now!
Nearly 60 degrees and sunny for tomorrow - about time spring showed up in Wisconsin!
Wireless down in hotel, so relocated to Barnes & Noble. One word: FABULOCITY! Thanks and love to all.
Yup. I don't remember it being this bad when I got my CA credential. But that was [mumble] years ago.
Heading to the Warwick Mall to meet Mike ! The madness has begun !!
You got big dreams? Dreams of a new ILS. Well dreams cost but an open source ILS may be cheaper.
LinkedIn Tip for SMBs: Win new business by answering questions in your area of expertise.
Exciting to launch & look forward to following your tweets. Also coming to see you on the 4th of April.
youre a mammoth
Have FUN! You will be GRAND! && You're going to give BET aLOT of views today(:
I think I'll hang over there with all the Prima Donnas/she's kinda curvy with a booty like Michelle Obama's
Don't care but Dr Brady will have less than six incompletions.
m lunch=rice, tiny bit of butter, crumbled wasabi nori and sunflower seeds.
when i get married im not doing a thing but booking my honeymoon, getting my dress picking out the cake & picking my bridesmade & dresses.!
I have in my possession free CE cards that gives 1 free course for insurance CE- 1stcome1stserve - reply if interest
how do you know I'm a girl ?
30+ students from all backgrounds spontaneously danced the hora on SFSU plaza during powerful Hillel Jewish Culture Week exhibit & concert.
can't wait for softball to be over, wants to start going to the gym again! :-)
The Walking Dead just crushed me... Can't believe Dale died!!!
i deserve every bit of this brownie batter ice cream!!
looks that way. NBC is picking a few New shows that look good, they they will probably get canceled mid season.
Yeah and then I got home and I'd promised to help my sister with a tree mural for her daughter's birthday.
come over!
Ohh baby baby.. Lol these girls are so young!..
“: A very Russian day. Reading Dr. Zhivago on the bus. Schi for lunch. Wearing Fabergé earrings.”
''The Security Implications of a Shifting News and Media Environment",Conference in Ottawa 21-22 feb.
lol sorry officer
She's tripping it's all due before June 4th, I doubt that.
Holy shit, in less than 24 hrs we'll be on our way to our shooting location for !!
;( where are you
lol yea that nigga was a Damn heathen
Umm I think your big Mac missed your mouth and took a shit on your previously stained pro-club...
Work till 10 blah
putting together my flash UI template together for my final project, anyone have any good sites for actionscript help?
love u even more now!! Can't wait!!! You represent a new level in life for me
Tonight: 'Contagious Behavior' at | Ladies, receive Open Champagne Bar by texting the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 |
I'll DM you it in a little while I have to go but I will be right back!
Definitely, thanks, I love learning across disciplines:
I WANT TO SEE
Omg, I'm so fucking sick of you!
“: April 12th is National Grilled Cheese Day” yum!!!
So much inspiration for my "Beauty Meets Decor" blog feature
thanks for the follow :) you're talented.
Anyone else out there that is right handed with left leg dominate. Strange combination.
thanks - that was impetus to finally getting around to fixing some defunct links in that technical debt post. :-)
Thx for the FF! Have a great weekend!
I'd never get anything done
Agreed! Such a great game! Can't wait for the next one. Loving our Mavs!
Mary Nell Bryant speaks on developing Leg Library of Liberia. Think about a library with no running water, electricity, phone lines.
Hey, lay off USAir - they gave me a WHOLE CAN of Diet Coke on my flight this afternoon!
I believe the word you are looking for to describe turkey is "jive".
Feel free to DM or email me too! Good luck :)
Icing my calf
bro, its not starting stuff if all you do is ask a question.
Movies with :)
Rise and shine! Hope everyone has a wonderful and productive day.
It's okay, it makes it easier to concentrate on work.
hey does hall govt have any plans for all hall?
Sorry ladies i know im so random ahaha
“YOLO“ Isn’t a reason to be a slut.
why wait till you grow up? you can be a breakdancer now
Welcome to our fair city! When are you opening? :-)
I may not know the content of scenes, but I now know of their existence, and that is almost as much of a spoiler.
omw to you guys. Be there in 45 :)
Big Holiday Wishes to All! May 2012 bring world peace. We will only have world peace when we care for the poorest of the poor.
Excited to be participating in #citimark event supporting #best buddies. Will be a fun day!
haha! Well it looks good in my room (;
Christopher thanks for the follow,) Jonni Armani
Eventually two things will happen. Either he'll realize you're worth it or you'll realize he's not.
If we have ice this winter! Sounds great.
It's hot! What should I do!
The Girl Scouts advertised on RL's program? Ick! I don't think I can ever eat another GS cookie again.
My favorite weekday, it's FRIDAY eve!!!!!
Not sure what to think about getting tix for Evanescence show. I feel kinda old... but in a very goth, chic, My So Called Life kinda way.
preordered mine today as well!
Rise and shine... Well, can't sleep in today. Time to find some work!
I so hope so!! Kurt did awesome and I think he will definitely make it! :)
cambridge bound, where you at ?
This is the day that the Lord has made. Let us be glad and rejoice in it.
Obnoxious people at the movies #must be stopped
Someone better wake me up tomorrow.
Songs and the memories that go with em
RT : Apparently the Badger defense was one of the things that got cut from UW under Walker's budget?
Just for you and Zach #ZachAndRobertAreHereToo !!!!!!
Fox leaves the "House" after 8 years. Those re-runs will give us home-sweet-home for decades to come, healthy or not.
I agree is the best! Easy to use + allows a sm biz owner to increase their likes, tweets, followers quickly.
Merry Christmas phillies....
It's snowing bitches !!
Haha, you won't forget that date! Thanks, Clayton!
In case you haven't noticed, my Twitter hiatus is over, and I'm loving it. In other news, this is a very productive day for me.
Sitting in my hotel room in NY watching the game with 8 million New Yorkers. The streets are pretty quiet.
When will stupid children learn?
Glen Beck is not a Christian.
Make it happ'n, Capt'n!
Daz Ravage has unlocked the achievement "Cream of the Crop" in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
Happy Birthday! :)
and #ifyouknowmeyouknow that #iknowthatyouknow that they will always be the #bungles until Brown leaves.
someone shoot me if i ever start posting Garfield or Ziggy cartoons.
she's really sarcastic tho so ya lolz
he was ready yesterday, Compared to our QB performance of last year.
BacOn egg and cheese is the only thing keeping me up
In honor of March Madness, wish I could do a tourney of backlist digitization vendors and just have them go at it . . .
Hi Scott, haven't heard from you in awhile!
God uses pain to bring peace.
been talking to him al morning. <3
Hoes stupid as hell and the shit make me laugh
Have a question? Ask us something!
please follow me!!
yo fam i go through it we all do just let it come to you..
I mean I fuckin love !!!!!
At ready to present on !
Sounds like the greatest thing ever. Or not. RT : This fried Koolaid scares me.
much love to - happy to hear yall are as excited about as we are xo
Making the whole bus for the field trip stop because you had to pee so bad that you were on the verge of tears
Parkrose Auto Center buy #junkcars and sell usedcars now.#used or #junk vehicle taking up space could be turned into money.Visit Us Today!
Belly dance to good health
A bad way...I'm just not calibrated for this kind of wine atm. I usually really like Seghesio Zin but it's too much for me 2nite
Lol yeah he came by and crashed the Library celebration for a few minutes at Doug Fir. :
God chose me to be an Actor, isn't that awesome:) with him anythings possible;)
Happy to see #BCEagles get their second win today - still must
If you are not following alum on Instagram, you are missing all the Antarctic penguin and sea lion fun!
should we start trending #SeacrestMadeUsDoIt?
Had a ice coffee for the 1st time by myself wednesday & i couldnt take it.. Too much caffeine for me
Me too especially when Pujols was still a Cardinal.=(
OK, whoever is behind dozens of emails from "Mensagem Automatica" in the last few days, please STOP!
“: I love curly hair!” it looks awesome!
classic :D
Pretzel fight with my cousin!!!! U going down stacy!!!
Conaway speaking now. Landers and Pugh are also present. Rolley slated to arrive. No word on Blake or others.
go follow he is truly " one of the sweetest people ever"
OMG yes I hate wearing clothes lol
I'm sorry but I get obsessed very quickly with guys on youtube, especially hot ones
say hi to
haha! saw that picture of prince with the tongue out - hilarious. Please send that for your "montage" - haven't forgotten you!
The Royals should have won that game
I still got love for you! SNARRF SNARRF
Oh and these gals are pretty rad
The world will end in 5 minutes. Please log off.
that's my girl [:
22nd Ward Alderman Ricardo Munoz () will be addressing Latino Professional’s Networking Reception.
Raining buckets in downtown Greensboro.
hold strong. its go pay off in the end
Had a great time talking w/ this morning about producing a new video in prep for our fundraising gala this spring!
I don't compete,I defeat
"Before 1D spoons were just spoons, nandos was just nandos, carrots were just carrots...cats were just cats & mirrors were just mirrors."
Need a challenge? Sign up for a 1/2 marathon and use this training schedule that not only do I recommend, but use too. www.Run4Purpose.com
where u think ur going young lady haha
5 button mouse support added in #VirtualBox 3.1.0! The best desktop vm software just got better!
The most interesting information comes from children, for they tell all they know and then stop.
The next episode of Misfits looks AMAZING!
y am i losing followers wtf
The keys are great and very laid back dep on which island. Orlando is great for the parks and you are only 1 hour from the beaches.
Really, blackstrap mollasses is carcinogenic? Where does he get this info?
get em fellas
bitch I hate you(:
I love my prom dress!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
i just clicked the follow button...22 more to go!!
Awesome job with Lovebug!
. #goodward5news --> trash/litter being cleaned from #ivycity this morning! Looking good!
No way, NYC has to be #1! LA only if the person is behind the wheel, lol.
I did better then I thought
And awesome customers! Thanks for the shout-out!
you are $sweet too :)
HEY BEAUTIFUL....
that shit in my quincy hood!!! Memorial day launch!!
am waiting for 2NE1 GoodBye Stage
If man (and by man I mean me) could sustain life on cheese curds alone (and by sustain I mean not get fat/have a heart attack) he (I) would.
Game time!! Let's go Patriots!!!
We raised $10 for children in Africa! 25 cent for one school meal... so 40 meals!
You know you're #ObsessedWithSPN when I keep toggling back and forth between work and Twitter... geh... Fridays...
PLEASE DISREGARD ANY JUNK TWEETS FROM MY ACCOUNT: I DO NOT SOLICIT OR ENDORSE MAKE MONEY FROM HOME OPPS. OR STALKING THANK YOU - JMRESHAW
thank you (:
follow back please:)
Brazil? More like No-Bras-ill! #AmIRight?
Thought I'd stay the whole time
Orange Saturday
I love this movie!
if im still looking in three months...shoot me!
I have the perfect playlist. Just one track, called "The Soothing Sounds of Silence." Sounds like me snoring. ;-)
my bed looks so comfortable but i know if i fall asleep i am going to miss my next class and it is the last day of classes
Remote Virus Removal...Only $24.99....
Haha, sadly no. Just a long day ahead. Running some workshops for CWSF at work today.
Same! I would retweet Christine but I don't want more ppl to read that article!! Not accurate portrayal at all.
rain stopped it.
I'm selling furniture. Pls help me spread the word. Thanks!
Sorry that sometimes my words quickly turn to blades...
I saw her! She was awesome! I'm putting money down that she goes far :)
Why does the right think an employer's religion trumps an employee's? Do they think so for Jewish or Muslim or Hindu or atheist employers?
Dear US government, When I run up my credit cards, I DON'T take out another one, triple my spending and force my boss to pay me more.
Tweet Me Maybe ?
thank u. I definitely need sleep soon.
Thanks for checking out our band! WOOT WOOT :)
I need motivation to wake up!
#perecki Lovely, a bit crowded. Can't see the text from here Have to assume it's ok on poster.
Today? And what is the topic?
Buahahaha! Yea that did sound bad! Lmao!
Here's to us!
Rocky Horror Ostrich Show
Sometimes those who need it the most are motivated the least.
Maybe the W Hotel will fall on the TX state legislature
Why I know this year has gone quickly: It's time for #ArtAllNight this weekend.
#HappyBirthdayTommoTwins !!! those are the cutest little girls ever! I hope they have a great year and get everything they want <3
EFG team strutted down the aisle for the NM coalition of charter schools conference dinner. We have now joined the charter movement
all of his songs are good
Going to Bear Creek Festival, representing the Coolin' System in Florida!!! Gonna tweet all weekend about this great FunkFest!! So pumped!
57 Long days til warped tour! Omgg hurry up!
Thank you, for your AWESOME international customer service -- the rep who solved my problem tonight was outstanding!
Never got use to nighas that was use too
Have a safe trip to Prague I hope you have an insane time. Keep your followers posted on your magical adventure.
Catch colleagues , + 's Mark Hahnel at this week's #scio12. They'll be speaking a/b data +
Well, today is pretty much a waste.
“: No matter how strong a girl is, she always has a breaking point...”
It's Monday. Lower the bar.
Now who ever took a video of that show me cause there were too many fiends standing up for a nigga to see
hey follow me how about? tell all yalll friends
that's actually interesting I always wondered how much hair I had.
signed up to be EFF Cooperating FOIA Reviewer; hope to be useful.
lol just call us amber ill tell you over the phone
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Abbot's Pizza Company - Pizza (live updates)
Hey boys. Dm me. Im hard
We can't be good enough for God to love us. That's what the Pharisees missed. They didn't understand God loves us already.
Ask the right people the right questions and you will always get the right answers.
hahaha what you doing? hows your mom?
mousaka will always be a classic favorite
lol some episodes but how they die is crazy
Include me in your
Flaco Jimenez comes to L.A. May 4th, 2012. More info soon...
Thanks for sharing! Will check it out!
Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3
i think it is you who is mistaken... spring is not here, winter just hasn't arrived yet!
Have you never been here before? I think you'll enjoy it! Have your tickets yet?
#Brewers !!! Stop in for a slice before the game!
On the Jason Mraz song 5/6, is that the time signature of the song? The time seems sort of different/off.
Some people can't take a damn joke and it's annoying
Aw they made it? told them to pay you a visit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C> RT : I got Blue Jays in my backyard. How about you ?
Any special requests today for lunch? See what I can do for you.
You guys, something epic is up on the blog tomorrow!!! ;) This will be worth sharing.
MATT FLYNN IS OFFICIALLY A SEAHAWK! YES! YES! YES! YES!
I would have faked an injury after the first one, an would definitely consider retirement after the second one. Haha
And I think I'm going to try my hand at making homemade donuts this year. Anyone have any tried & true recipes for cider or pumpkin donuts?
We do all Smogs Regular and Test Only visit our website for our coupon www.MorenoValleyTestonly.com
“: Great to have Chesterfield University's Chief Learning Officer, Kevin Bruny Live Tweeting from Va SHRM Conference #VASHRM12” tnx
Out wit my nigga Los
Bill: My sister has lovely long red hair all down her back.Will: Pity it's not on her head.
Newsflash: The Premium Reserved and Premium General Admission sections are officially SOLD-OUT! Do you have your tickets to yet?
We will need to get some good food. And drinks. lots of drinks
exactly. The area I live has a lot of gay couples and they r free to show affection without be criticized.
I have a man crush on Mario Chalmers and I'm not afraid to admit it
Brad Eldred recalled from Toledo after Tigers unconditionally release Brandon Inge.
everything!!! And then some!
I'M THE ONLY DEREK AROUND HERE GODDAMNIT.
omg stfu already
Dear lawn people at newtown, it's 830 am on a Saturday in summer
RT : Sunday Best Season 5: June '12 in ATL! ... Info on how to get FREE TICKETS COMING SOON!!!!! RT
I missed the 2009 Kings of Convenience too, but really loved the first two! Awaiting your approval...
Fred Hammond's new CD - God, Love & Romance does not disappoint it is really good.
#kids Grand Prairie AirHogs Meet-and-Greet and Charity Softball Game at QuikTrip Park, Sat, May 12 4:00p: The Grand Prairie AirHogs, the...
RT : New cheer for football games starting Sunday! Stay tuned for instructions coming later today!
welcome to Twitter!
#onlyinthehood do you do your grocery shopping at the liquor store
Yay I'm off work :)
Can needles replace the need for medicine? What are your thoughts on acupuncture?
Bye Lamar maybe the Mavs can start winning
Hey Danny! Twitter is better when the #Cubs are playing!
Working late tonight!!!
Feels good. Ditto. :)
Where are you playing tonight??!
always stay positive my friend you're a blessing to the packers even if you're on the sidelines...glad to know everything is ok!
<U+E016><U+E016>Baseball is back!!<U+E016><U+E016> Heading down for the Rockies home opener. GO ROX!!
When you accept somebody, you accept their past too. Don`t hold it against them later.
JanProSac offers financing at 10%! And 0% to Veterans! You are right. Set aside one years worth!
Your a beautiful girl with a beautiful personality. I barely met you but your already badass to talk to<33
are the photos from the Richmond Virginia shoot up yet? How do I find mine? Thanks!
I have to pee!!
Hell yeah
sometimes my additional "knowledge" was frowned upon by other interpreters
#RememberRapWhen #Bustarhymes and #MissyElliot where doing them crazy videos in trash bags etc.
The human voice resonates differently than anything else in the world
Ready for school to be over. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
2 successful radio events, now lunch/dinner and off to rock the mic for the #working!
apparently the girl that hit ashley is in our grade and her names madi and she looks like man lmao .
Hey Frank, I got my capoeira name! "Monge" (monk) :)
I got caught sleeping in World History. I'm tired af'.
follow back?
Rainy days are perfect for football at home...
Just realized i cant wait for summer 2012
Good seeing you on course at the #OpOliver 5k!
Can you follow me???? I just followed you!!!!!!
hahaha and what do you think??
#BereniceBejo has a hot accent. She won't win, but I'll enjoy looking at her all night.
Need hair ideas for prom? Fan of Jerseylicious? Check out my interview w/ from Jerseylicious in the NC available tomorrow !
Every gas station in Memphis accepts EBT.
I'm not surprised, but I never feel quite prepared.
My Goddaughter turns 18yrs old in 4 days. I can't wait because she's so fuckin' hot!!!!!!
": Prison Break >>>" hell yeah Dave! You watching it?
lumpy boobs and lumpy butts all the way!
congrats on the 30/30, gents.
Thanks, Drexel Archives! We're official now.
an old grandma that JaccTrippa turned out! Hahaha
#cigarettes and #coffee, a #hangover's best friends
That's great. I remember the joy of watching my son walk for the first time. It's only been 4 years since that day. Time flies.
On a scale of Batman to Justin Beiber, how gay is this new shirt?
..i still have 1 1/2 days to rest.. before work & school, yet im up.. "doing hw" ..smh, someone make me take my butt to bed, lol
I don't believe in homework
Big day of editing! A lot of little tweaks. But, getting very close to picture lock.
If you ain't following you're not living. -K .xx
no problem! I'm great! Still acting, trying to get into musical theatre. How about you!? :)
Put on a smile and get through the day. The more you dwell on the negative or what cannot be, the faster you drag yourself down. Truth.
ATTN unsigned rapper,dancers,singers,join our #Team send an email if you're TALENTED "WE GOT WORK!"
welcome back to tweetland!
Pre-Midterm Examination on July 14 and 15. FYI. Thank you
whoa...congrats on the Dev/Karmin gig!!!
I don't know how i can talk to you and ask you questions when all you do is ignore me
Join us tonight for 1/2 priced bottles of wine and try our new fall menu!
Just got done doing my homework for the day
“: Hey, not Air Marshall Jon. You wanna get back in that rest room and not rest?”
hahah I'm in a bad mood
how much you charge to host a mix tape?
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else. ~Judy Garland
grab it love it be it. Goddamn it you better dream it all.
here but not blowing up twitter like u lol
Wondering abt relation between banned racist GamerTags that discusses & xbox's policy on tags referencing queerness
Ur addicted to Twitter! Just started a new gig doing marketing for a company in Burl MA that does services for high tech
Get Your Closet Ready for Spring With Expert Organization Tips - NBC New York (blog)
Dr. Lonnie Smith is finishing up soundcheck and ready for a great night of funky jazz tonight at the Bistro!
The problem is, my son, who's 3, and my daughter, who's 7, share a room. My daughter has to get up for school & he keeps her up.
A lot of people are going to feel really dumb in
Njcu vs rutgers game with coach and others (y)
Baylor can play some ball
I will never get used to seeing Jose not in a mets uniform.
tonight: we're happy to host Pitchcrawl!
thank you too love :) <U+2665>
no. So many have been much better.
BAD GIRL i love this songs You're my favorite
Me too, I've practically seen all the episodes! :D let me know if it ends up being good :)
When you're laying in bed and your remote is on the other side of the room <<<
stop thanking me
Were they booing Wash when he came out to take out Yu? Or "Yuuuuing" Yu before he walked off the mound?
Food Truck Wars bringing it on March 31st in Oviedo, FL. 40 Food Trucks, Live Music, Beer Garden, Silent Auction. Bring the appetite!
hello? myspace? you still here?
charles brocken brown
Braun better come through here!
try use the phone
:) « sure you can get a smile.
I. love. Cowboys
its time to go with some local music, why don't radio stations feature local artists...peewaddy.com
my anger? About what? That devil child.
Still weak in data structure & algorithm. Got stuck by the first interview question...
She won't to right . There was no trust
Sure thing!
Last class till Monday happening at 12 noon. Get your full moon primary on!
It must be a drinkers holiday cause BUNNY is working tonight! Jade, Sandy, Phoenix, Cat & Adriana are also ROCK'N the GREEN!
JUST ON THE GRIND MAKIN MONEY. MUAH!!!!!!!!
Hm. Do the Rangers win tonight or does the series go to a tie?
Feel so sick.
Im not happy with just a series win. We lose and were down 3. Win tonight and its one. Big difference
Don't forget to sign up for Fri's 1pm User Group ft. ASU Jonesboro's myCampus Enterprise Edition portal. Email
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
This Friday at Governors 10pm Show !!! Come and laugh with me
Looking forward to meeting some interesting people at tonight's mixer.
Come see me at TAG RAW BAR, say tweet for a $5 sushi roll, and N/A Bev. Try my Hibiscus Rose Bourbon in a Kentucky Busy Bee Cocktail for $5.
So excited to go home this weekend! =) 2:15 needs to come like right now.
Being in another session but checking twitter during #s7 feels like being in an empty house with a loud party going on nextdoor.
My coffee is falling down on its job too. Need another cup!
8 million views in 24 hours! the best!! Follow me please
Not into Amy Adams' style, but about to rob her hair color!!!! Dec. 1... Wait for it.
follow our boys -->> ! They're great! Preciate the love fam.
@ zerwekh they never disappoint.
Yup the iPad is the sme story whn plugged in 2 iPhone charging block it says it's not charging but many hours later bat % incrs
Guess somebody wants their kneck to be hurting Too ha RT : smh
RT RT RT : Last summer was the best one ever but I have a feeling that it is about to be topped.. I can not wait!
That sounds about right! Makes me wonder if its some kind of sting operation, though...
I just want to know when legislators who are horrified at the thought of sex outside of marriage will begin dealing with men.
Thanks for the twitter follow.
I Want A LAte Happy Birthday D; ..
Thanks! I'm trying my best :)
Roses are red, Violets are blue, I love someone special, And it isn't you! Haha! Just kidding! Love you all! Merry Valentines Day guys!
Blasts from the past all day today smh
r those books or movies?
Feels like I'm in Memphis never seen more of them in place at a single time.
*sings* GRAB SOMEBODY SEXY TELL 'EM HEY. *gets on bike* brb, going to come to your house and grab you ....that sounds wrong
yes. yes it will. I promise. It's raining here in Chicago too. dreeeeaaary.
Almost out baby.
A few hours with The Wood Brothers, and the L.A. just rolls right off you.
To cultivate kindness is a valuable part of the business of life. ~ Samuel Johnson
Colt Cabana in the video talks about how his goal is to be the Underground Champion. It's the reason he came to NWA Underground.
I luv the goofing around shots! Never see that w/ Bulls. I'm mad the Chicago Sky ladies didnt do any dress up photos for media day
All of them except for Madden. Not a fan.
Crazy weather so cold. Doggies still wearing jammies.
If the price is right RT : You think Ozzie will trade up for him? I'd love him here in bmore
Well, you've got a baby coming. You're allowed some neuroses.
To even remember those teams means no apology necessary. RT Sorry, guess I meant 1970. Forgot about Boomer & his 'taters'.
I have to agree with Ian on this.
ah yes, THE QUESTION. I take Mike just because I saw him first, but I warmed up to Joel pretty quickly once i saw him
Russell M. Nelson~ We were born to die and we die to live. As seedlings of God we barely blossom on earth we fully flower in heaven.
i took one of my spider bites out tonight. it goes thru my lip all the time! bt thanks!
RT : RT : "Welcome back to Party Mountain, Mad Rad." - Mike McGinn (that's so filthy!)
I'm en route. Do we need more beer?
please do! First 2 are on me....
Who cares if they are? They are so tasty!
So true...and time consuming which is helpful ;)
wait for the baby boom on Feb 11th 2013.
What's up with black guys taking pics of themselves? Just looked on FB and out of my 976 friends all 12 blacks ones had pics of themselves
Another conservative bites the dust. ! Fa-fa-fa Monsieur Sarkozy. Oh that it will happen here in November, too.
wat it mean???
Same here! Living away is not always fun.
are you buying the "New iPad 2" next year?
Show at Arnetic on July 31st with our good good buddies Tonight Tonight! Be there everyone!
Danny Ainge on : "I don't think anybody was happier with our victory than Rondo was. I saw a smile on his face that your rarely see."
back in the dd.
Unsophisticated palates: you and me both. Ketchup is still my favorite condiment.
See, then you go and say something really smart, and so we want you for President even more... we're just that dumb.
settle down. aren't you you all about god and forgiveness?
I Love You.
@ Come to and we'll hook you up ;)
I'm a transwoman
Over the hill! On March 6, 2012, turns 100.
Aw, i hope u feel better :-/
Did Steve tell you that, per chance? Hmm, Steve..
says he'll meet you tomorrow
Here we go again <33
I try to be
Skylark Longue at 40 Union st. It is open and pouring Kind. Come on down for a frickin beer already
Girl you Deserve it...
All is good!! Convo w/ my baby.......cple time & holding time. Daddy's home! My life is so amazing!
I hate when ppl pretend to like something cuz there friend likes it.like no.be yourself.
Gratitude is a quality similar to electricity: it must be produced and discharged and used up in order to exist at all. ~William Faulkner
Love it when I'm the last pickup for the super shuttle!
By the way, have you seen our temp. ex. "The Color of Memory" yet? It has some AMAZING art that will give you goosebumps...check it out!
#Volunteer opportunities galore!!! We need #help selling coupon book for Community Days this Saturday from 2-4pm at Grand Ave Mall
#FF Why? Because he's a dog. Also, I've never done a
omg i'm so tired !!
Plz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!! RTd
any truth to you bein pulled outta tha hathaway fight to fight serra?
RT : "Go to college" is to education what "put things in your mouth" is to cuisine.
If there's a show on television right now that centers around supernatural or fairy tale creatures, odds are I watch it.
Pretty remarkable: prior to Seau's suicide, on average there was 1-2 NFL concussion-related articles per/week by media. Now several per day.
Welcome Osaka University of the Arts for a 3-Day workshop at Juilliard Jazz!
When you deal with a bleeding uterua then we'll talk.
#SoldierUp and do your job!
Victory and justice! Firm will pay Wisconsin school districts about $30 million.
killed it tonight! Thank you for your tweets and for having me!
The ultimate make up call! I
had a GREAT time at the game Saturday!
the phone stuffing, on the other hand.... Lol :)
Austin Carlile, You're my hero.
Odaxelagnia is the scientific name for arousal from biting.
LOL! I am 5'4" so 155mm is the right length for me. No, this is not a unicycle. It's for my TT/Tri bike.
Project Empowerment has helped more than 2,000 people find jobs. This is outstanding work.
Ha! It's entirely possible. I was walking on Prospect earlier. And I'm just as guilty as you! I will do the same.
#IfOnlyICould change one thing , I'll bring my grandma back , by far the worst pain I've experienced
this aint never no beat tape that yu produced my nigga!!!!!
I would love to hear remix - Vision One... just sayin'...
Just got that Toshiba thrive
Enjoying our first camp with kids on the east side. And working on our cool, new Second Story website.
But i gotta go and get it tho
really?! What was the question?
How is Q1 going for your #dealership? Share with us!
Just go to bed lol
Some amazingly creative minds and souls coming together. This looks like it will be absolutely brilliant.
burnt end sandwhich, cheesey corn and beans. Its the best kept secret in KC.
had dinner was good ham and mac cheese with all my family it was good i cook with my 2 boys there did a great job helping
Hate pulling up next to sonic litterers. Keep the auditory trash in your car please... Your ignorance is killing me.
Over the #MothersDay weekend was a moment of #Justice finding guilty of #Murder of this
This should be an Epic weekend of Parties...I know...It's Science.
I love unsolved mysteries, they should totally do some new episodes
Justin. Bieber. SEXY.
Thanks for following & listing us!
congrats to my cousin on graduating high school & my sister on graduating college. Grandma is smiling @ u both from above <3 I love you guys
thanks clippers! <U+263A>
You're stronger than me! LOL I couldn't resist. I purchased one of each. Maybe I'll include them in a giveaway pack!
Aw, thank you! RT : Loved the #flockinshindig by Such a great time.
Good morning little Shakespeare's in the making! Theater Camp begins today!
anytime all the time best <U+2764>
this is a common problem, break out the book in bed and you'll be out in 2 minutes
working with was great. We're still using the sticky notes technique, and sometimes we have sharpie wars =)
don't mean to sound like a dick, but I'm fucking sick of seeing you post this shit.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 47
your account has been hacked. That is, unless you expect me to be surprised that someone is saying bad things about me.
I do remember students studying for their exit competency exams
This wasn't nowhere near being directed towards you. -_- did I mention in it? No. I didn't. So, yeah<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> text meh.
This has been a long day...but productive
nice I'm going too for my birthday!
How many of you are so excited for X-Mas I'm getting great presents! can't wait!
I do have Skype, username is xgregoryx123
its hot than a Beast
Love Affair -Lil Twist... in that video he looks cute for once
who do you think about?
#BestMemoryof2011 Getting to make good, local, affordable food every day!
Shin Splints<<<<<<<<<<< worst feeling ever <U+E406>
oh I mean basil not pesto! ;)
It’s Wednesday! What do you want to refocus on? What are you grateful for? #magpiemidweek #gratitude #focus (via )
..I Love Music Cause Music Is Life..
Dinner tix 2 rich for your blood? Buy tix 4 the #ITAOTC after party $80 @ door $40 for students, purchase on 's website
you never can sir
thanks for coming in. your going to love dining in the gardens come summer.
"You're a whore. You'll always be a whore. That's why I like you." -- THE LONG RIDERS (1980)
I'll second that idea! Lol
Show them tits for titty tuesday?.
i miss you twitter...:)))
if they feel that way and wish to do so then more power to all involved. how they feel has nothing to do with my opinion
Thanks! I enjoyed the panel discussion.
HALFTIME: #Gators lead Louisville 41-33.
If I Die Tomorrow i want you to know i love you :$
Finally home from work:) now time to practice piano and memorize Trial by Jury for concert choir.
on the board with a walk. Let's see sabathia shut the tigers down. Go yanks!
When your marriage falls apart, it feels like all you have are bad options.
we'd be honored to be a part of number 7
laying down watching George lopez . You?
drops some dope shit in like 5 minutes... Pow!
I love instructor evaluation time. Especially when the instructor was useless #brutallyhonest #RMU please take our opinions seriously
So many amazing songs on this record!
SK&A Launches How-to Healthcare Marketing Web Video Series
nice to meet you today, you have a beautiful voice!
I followed :]
Follow please with a cherry on top :-)
Chris, give it a minute - once they get enough of you Jersey kids in there it'll get plenty dingy re:
Running always makes me feel better!!!
Margarito's trainer failed him by letting the Pacquiao fight continue. One night of machismo. A lifetime of eye-problems. Stupid move.
Any word on AJ Burnett
i voted for yall over 30 times can i get a follow back please
well said. Especially in
There's a lot to be done...but the community for respectful advocacy and storytelling is growing.
Coworker: Fabe!!!! Guess what?!!! Me: (jumping out my chair) Oh snap you scared me! What's up? (as I sneaky minimize my browser window)
The best friends house house after school! <U+2665> Were just going to look at 1D pictures&listen to 1D& talk about how gay they are!
Constance: "There's not going to be a swimming pool, you stupid slut."
At the very first E21 Generations weekend church in Anthem, AZ--gonna be great!
I know I'm L8, but how bout my Cats @ #1!? 19-0 right now, gonna kill some Gamecocks 2night!!!!
#RN20 Its still surreal that your gone! You will be missed! *Only The Good Die Young* Rest In Paradise </3
That stunt looks way too hard! How n the heck do they expect u to hold your breath for that long?!?
Seesmic for work, Tweetdeck for play.
when I try to mention (@) friends, the list of usernames does not pop up. Please help!
Some of the best fish I ever ate came out of Union Sq Greenmarket!
I bought a homeless guy lunch today.Had to feel good about myself after trying on 2 skinny fit shirts. He was crying when I handed it to him
Just saw Discovery shuttle fly by in downtown DC on its last flight.
Now playing Bobbi Humphrey "New York Times"
I'm fresh I'm fly I'm always high
Fab Melo ruined our best chance to win a championship. He should just go pro and stop fucking up our team.
J.D. Guillard is single again and its making me extremely happy because i can finally say hey i like you why dont we get together
Welcome to the south
Making a difference is the highest order of service. -Ruth Gordon, MLS, Ph.D.
just asked me if I have to sit next to strangers on the bus.
I wanna go to the pirate game tonight!
Mar 31,1942: #Churchill accepted criticism from Times and Guardian but felt Daily Mirror, Daily Mail and Daily Herald 'undermined army'.
RT : Need to get there on time and refreshed when you arrive? Maybe a mid-sized private #plane is the trick....
My goal today: Sending out at least one job application.
bye goodnight sleep well :)
u not getting rid of that beard are ya?
working on a new treatment.....
Disagreed on the Spurs comment. They are beatable. In fact, the Clippers can (and will) beat them.
#ICriedWhen my grandma died <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
ME TOO! :) RT : #bravecarslandevent So stoked to see everyone next month!
me: who eats sharks?! my youngest niece: chinese people. ...i heart her too lol
Same 18K I had two hours ago noon mega. Blinds 1/2K. Do or die time. 60 players left, 17 seats or thereabouts.
We're here at nyc rescue mission Graduation Ceremony. 7 grads & scores of fans. Biutiful; room for more in chapel next time. peace
I have 3rd one that I wrote that will appear on site on May 4th! Still hoping you'll agree to interview!
Great Article! Tell your father thank you for me.
Damn... you should really be at Garrison Hawk is rippin it down RIGHT NOW!!! #UNCOMUN #reggae!!!
That's great!
#Im4Falk b/c she'll do more than just "end the civil war" in #WI. Falk will fight to undo the damage Walker has done to our state.
Pretty Please Wish me luck on my Softball Game?<3 Cause your just that Amazing!!(;
Baby J & Live at the Coors Light Tejano Spring Fest 2012! Los Despoz performing tonight for just $6 & children 12 & under are Free!
what you working on, any mixtapes or albums
I think the commish just made a lot of fans with that hot handshake
just followed have to support bands from my home state of course!!!
Creativity needs a rebellious energy that is tamed by the very systems that require it.
Its about time that get some radio time in the nap I been talkin about the kid for a minute
Gladney Center for Adoption Marks 125th Anniversary
Plus, after looking through the installation section of the handbook, it doesn't look any more challenging than install Arch Linux...
Did you do the voice over work for the Central Indiana Chevy Dealers commercial? That voice sounds familiar.
Just got done watching the NASCAR race. Carl Edwards won the race and Jimmy Johnson won the Championship. That's a 3 peat for Jimmy.
jajuan pullin big ass sodas outta nowhere eddy complainin over food and somebody stole my bread
Almost out of tickets and the place to pick them up is closed on the weekends..STRESS.
there isn't currently a "search for location" feature, but great suggestion. We'll add it!
I wanna be a mermaid.
FF the best men in the labor movement
The fact I don't have to go to school the rest of the week >>> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Can't believe Simmons had the gall to post the video suggesting Davis is anti-Celts...well I can believe it. He's a professional whiner.
Let's see if I can get this Tesla card working
It's official!!! Saturday brunch at with
She'd be smart to avoid ref'ing games at Rucker Park.
whew! caught up on our ! keep 'em coming Twitter peeps! I'll be hanging out on here this most of this evening! let's chat :) -Chris
Is anyone really surprised that Ryan Braun got caught using the juice and secondly do you think MLB should take away his MVP Award?
what a great movie.
#Bachelor tweet silence again...
“: About 2 hit family video i need a good tv show 2 get into. Any suggestions ?” Trailer Park Boys. Stupid funny
Maintain closer, more intimate ties with your now very values-based end consumers. -Andrea Learned
you need one more "feel"
Thanks! The detective work really paid off and made it simple to fix.
In Florida driving to the beach :)
#2012augrad congrats to everyone who graduates from AU today and tomorrow
Great Xtranormal video at Terry Kawaja keynote #adtech Anyone have the link?
Watching the #Louisville #Kentucky game - should be a great one!
Hey Phil!
i got em crossed for ya. You n skylar both moving your head side to side in sync would be the coolest.
I felt left out of your guys conversation. :(
section 128 - front row of the bums is where i sit. Ill be looking for u with my binauculars!!
he retiring?
IM OBSESED TOO! #aslongasimnotintrouble! RT True life; I'm obsessed with watching cops
engaged in big-data tile rendering issues.
Thanks to all the #Smithsonian Nerds that made it out to #thirstdc! We geeked out, we drank, we discussed. We want more.
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't. -Kurt Cobain
Excited for
{----Taking donations/solicitations whatever the fuck u wanna call it
I think the insomnia is contagious.
: I'm out for both Weds and Thurs. Sorry friends!
People say not to judge someone by their past. But i believe that a person's past is a prediction of their future.
Adam David Glick CPA is developing mobile Glatt #Kosher concepts in New York City.
He is the greatest!! LUV DDUB =)
Hey Guys, what label are you guys signed with?
Same to you! <3
Looks like already answered, but yes, I'm the only one east of 805.
Recommending Royal if you need car rental in Florida. Excursion for 60 bucks (brand new), new Volvo's and Lincolns. Great value.
Sure! Hug away. :P
please keep the Joffrey slaps coming
Thanks for the follow of Check out our fun videos of our 123GoTV in action, a device for kids to bike indoors.
Black Label
#1 referer to OAC is Wikipedia. Another reason for archivists to contribute more to Wikipedia
Ew! I love seeing packaging fails up close like this.
Hum Lebron seems fine to me
I love it when someone tells me I made there day. It makes me feel special
Back at work after a month off. Shock to the system!
Is it bedtime yet? Better yet, it is Friday - correct?
:D you know i love you.
For the record, hard cherry cider DOES help.
yo! Went last time and didn't love it. All about Gjelina though.
cuz i text u then u stop -_-
Tonight Allerton Hotel, be there 701 N Michigan Ave@ Huron Street. Great jazz, great wine (half-off), validated parking. & yours truly.
CODE BLUE
GAH! How did I get to be only 3 weeks from earning my MLIS without writing anything that described information-seeking behavior?
Have a most awesome zombie Jesus day!
Just discovered a long lost relative who is a really cool singer, songwriter. Check out her new album. I love it
What would you guys like to see for Fall 2011?
i should go for the hot guys ... and see where i end up lol all these guys are scum that i've dealt with
iPhone running slow or shutting down? Double-click home button 'till icons appear on bottom, hold 1 until "-" appears, turn all apps off :-)
Who's feeling Notorious?
Okayy. Wanna play on Friday? You, Daniel, and I?
: DM (from the other account)
let me check my calendar lol
Well, with working 28 jobs, I was curious if sushi was one of them!
Or twerk to birthday cake
On the road Headed to the Ranch!! See yall Sunday. Going to be some good times this weekend.
When is releasing Botshay?
The collective soul exists. I know because it just rejected my application for admission. Existence is futile! This slogan is meaningless.
check your DMs please and thank youu.
I lived nittany crossing, far off campus... Never went to class when weather was bad, and it's always bad haha.
I vote the latter... Do they still have teeth?
#icantgoadaywithout Farting so loudly, it hurts
no problem - when all else fails, try google! : )
text me.
This sub is the chilliest .
Why do girls change their personality for whatever guy they're around to get their approval? Just be yourself to keep a good one!
What are your career goals for 2012?
A: "Branding second is more expensive, but people need a message to share when they discuss the brand"
I'm still plowing through it. Plowing... heh.
Adios, Chicago. I'm not sticking around for the #NATO shitshow. Stay safe, friends!
excited about Orlando this week?
this is the.most bullshit walk home.
Happy International Women's Day! Celebrate the women you love and the wonderful things they do!
Next 3 weekends in LA. Excited, but also sad cause I might miss out on some terribly awesome Boston shenanigans.
I guess you think I'm a fool.
When someone calls me from a blocked number and then waits to hang up I just assume they wanted to hear my voice.
you know by saying it you going to have them pop up all over now
#Gootiethon April weekend 2012 has been very successful, 3 days in row. Next time I'm going for a whole week.
Really don't wanna go to school Wednesday :(
Test driving Camaros today.
True of False – Our guests and members can customize the temperature setting on our massage beds.
RT : We need an #OccupyBartab movement! No more overpriced drinks at bars with us!
Ha #ThingsMyExSaid Your my destiny n i want to be that special one to take your virginity n be with you forever. #Up he aint get Shit !!
Follow me back? (:
Yes, just saw it this morning. Need to spend more time checking it out. Thx for sharing!
it's a a wiener isn't it
If I was writing this tweet, you'd be reading something clever. But I'm not. And you aren't. Or something.
You gotta have better standards than that. Freaking hilarious though
Nobody's gonna follow u. lol
Bricks yesterday: 5K run --> 1500 meter swim --> 12 mile bike ride --> 1 mile run. My back hurts today.
The moon looks crazy right now
wats up bro
Its hard to let go..its even harder to move on.
tell me this isnt the soviet hockey coach from miracle
Grown af, doing too fucking much
It is not love that is blind, but jealousy. ~ Lawrence Durrell
#ImSingleBecause I can't stop jamming out to music in my room
I mean... I do it sometimes, but I really hate it when people touch my stomach to indicate they're going to say something to me.
Who's #42 on the Orioles? He looks familiar.
Ah! Directioneeer! :D
On my way to see authors Bodie and Brock Thoene in Santa Barbara. We're meeting on the pier.
gangsters don't play.
aw :3 miss you too. Sumner is upon us, we might have time to finally hang out again!
Today I stand on my own - proud, happy, loved, and eternally grateful to be living this wonderful, beautiful life.
it's all thats on my mind.
still luv u doe....cant hate
My 11 year old brother is listening to Good Charlotte. Oh the memories.
I am trying to Tweet you, but you will not come up. This is bullshit.
RT: Our #mediachat guest this week is and topic will be SM from a
It’s your personal brand.
Just so you know, ford fiestas are much more popular on the left coast.
Getting challenged to a golf match when I get home with ... Quote "I googled how to play... I'm now a pro"
your tweet about Rhinestone Cowboy now has the song ringing in my ears, echo of a 70s rural childhood in Wisconsin
Got to talk to my friend T Ray today, realized how much I miss good friends that are far away... I'm lucky my friendships defy geography.
her phone number but a better phone
^ I'd just as soon stay home and raise babies. June Allyson
: & Klody will you guys be I'm south Florida anytime this summer? < will be
Mornin, Cat! We miss you, girl! So need to hang! Happy EARLY Friday -D&M
Garnet got up! Sheesh..
What's up for New Years Eve in Albuquerque Gals?!
Just dont know how to tell him :[
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME.. I FOLLOWED BACK.. PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD.. THANKS
just made it here
Don't compete with anyone else. Compete with yourself.
If only artest was shooting good tonight, we'd be up by at least 10
Remote Conductor is 30% off, now through Valentines Day!
Just learned a new word, thanks to : GRAUPEL. Is it pronounced GROP-el, grop-EL, or grow-pel? Either way, it's exciting!
haha so true! RoseArt material never cut it for me. Their crayons were too waxy.
what's the brew for the lehigh win? If you were around in pgh I'd crack a rare.
I miss you let's hang out soon!!
I don't know! Everyone I know didn't, and I know some proposals were spot on.
oh, well in that case *grabs uni-cycle & twister game* be right there!!
"If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy, and inspires your hopes." - A. Carnegie
I'm tweeting you.
[Reason #5 cont]: so come watch the game at 6:30 & you'll already be downtown to jumpstart to your Sat night!
A2Z Development Center inc., part of the Amazon group located in Orange County, CA is looking for a talented Senior Game Development Engine…
Loves that isn't forgetting its roots and is representing in Eau Claire tonight! Wish I were home a week earlier!
Lost our first game today...4 to 2...thats oka we gonna win next time!!
Last year Texas finished 2-6 in the conference, DEAD LAST in the Big XII South. Didn't think I would ever see that...
Were you able to read this? Text You of the day: "Thank you for all the gifts I don't even think about"
10 days until Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Fully Charged Circus!
YES WE DO! We will plan & put ideas together until we find the succeeding one! Haha!
Congrats to Dean Pees on becoming the Ravens new Defensive Coordinator. Also congrats on becoming a head coach in a few years thanks to Ray.
you should text cuz my phone got low minutes
goin ham on dis pad, need da egg n cheese..sittin so high up,my nose bleed..u gotta crawl before u walk..lets proceed
Brian!! Nuff respect =)
Thank u! RT : Happy birthday !!
honestly, I love this EcoATM idea. I'll be first in line
RT : Know anyone looking for a unique fun job? We're looking for someone to help in the daily ops of our new DESSERT TRUCK!
I love RadioLab, haven't missed an episode yet. Awesome! Thanks for the rec.
Oh! Well the one here means call the office... How'd you figure it out? Lol
I appreciate that. That why we did a company bbq
lol pick me up some magazines
Last night at the JDRF Rainbow gala, Copper Kettle did it's part to help raise over 2 million dollars for Type 1 Diabetes research!
It has been noted that the path to immigration in this country is difficult and, when done correctly, can take between 6 and 12 years
follow Bartab_SF so we can tweet about you!
yay you're on twitter! :)
its sad to see all these champs go down this post season
Hi Pam, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
Bryz asks Crosby, Why You Hef To be Mad At Flyers, Here your teem Hef free goals all night!
t-minus nine days until cheer camp :3
Top. Down.
thank you :)
Really enjoying NeYo as a mentor.
Why waste your life hateing? It gets you no where.
What's up? Is it raining there?
Man I want a beer right about now.
I can see Morey prying Josh Smith away from Atl.
Check out my new twitter page ! A new weight loss project!
It's shocking what it comes to when your life is such a mess- how easy it is to lose it all and I lost it I confess.
Wipe away your tears, and wipe away the people who made you cry. Only you can Create your own Happiness Love Life and it will love you back
Watching the 3 Stooges, I never get tired of them. They make me laugh!
If you haven't heard of , you just did and go check out his music!! Super awesome! His artist name is "Verskotzi" go check it!
Could you please signal to Nora to please check her email ASAP?
I argued with my husband about Madonna being for the "older" crowd at the SB - now here I am not so sure about Springsteen
I like how every one looks like shit today because we are all tired
I'm officially challenging for the title of
I've been one of those persons who never goes anywhere without a thermometer, a hot water bottle, a raincoat, and a parachute
now dan yingling has called dan yingling back
Seattle, this December? See you there?
Exactly! We are completely wireless & w/ AppleCare our support is outsourced to Apple stores. We save money in the long run.
Y I shouldn't
Every company needs to embrace it imho RT : Social media isn't right for every client #ComDay it's a tool not the end all be all.
Get it together and come ready to play on Monday.
But yer special is looking good dude!
What an incredible show at the Smiling Moose tonight! Thank you again to Steve Hawk and Autumn Burning for each putting on a hell of a show!
Critics Consensus: Battleship Is All Wet This week at the movies brings us a trio of cinematic adaptations from disparate source material
My 1st- time class at Hofstra has a wait list and a second section opening up: "So You Want to be a Voice Over Actor." www.ce.hofstra.edu
i stick to the script i memorize the lines cuz life is a movie that i've seen too many times
#NPTech Tip: Instead of rushing, get your voice & kinks worked out before your blog gets published. You'll save time in the long run
Tell Mama Henderson Happy Mothers Day From All Us Rushers!!
Don't rain on my parade.
Almost vacation time! we
updated his BIo on Facebook! Go check it out and then go check me out on TV! lol :-)
Go follow !!!
Someone play me in words!!! jessicag.kennedy
Way to go Sparty!
Bacon cooked with RT : Just made it....bacon is what are chittychatting about??
haha hit my phone man
work priorities are all over the place... i'm getting confused.
Ron dePeter: Disney's That Darn Cat (only) flirts with granting Haley Mills sexual independence.
that'd be fun.!
Who wants to join our BikeMS team? www.tinyurl.com/WisconsinMS150
CHEESE BURGERS N FRENCH FRIES
Don't feel good. :(
Insider #KentuckyDerby tip: if the vehicle is anything "stretch" there is not a celebrity inside.
Ugh! Disgusted =/
exactly “: We could save a lot of time if Natalie just told these dudes en masse: You is kind. you is smart. You is important.”
LMAO where have you been? It's been 3 months and we've got dumb cute pictures on FB. is the jerk lol
About to do my morning run. Morning world.
Thank you for the RTs and love! Wishing you a wonderful weekend!
awwwhh, I LOVE MY MOM ! she just read the note and started crying <33
Good morning!! Another beautiful Cincinnati day!! :)
I'm the happiest I've been in a while. More things are good than bad for once. I hope my luck lasts(:
Happy Easter!!
October 1st deadline coming up for a January start date with the Minority Awards Program! Visit our website for more details!
I don't want a relationship where people say, 'They look so cute together.' I want one where they say, 'Look how happy they are together.'
i appreciate you informing me!!
nine hours of sleep was not enough
Terrible news about Fenway Park PA Carl Beane. Always saw him on level 9 during B's games. Condolences to his family & close friends. RIP.
ThanksGiving Was The Best I Ate ALil Too Much
Nicholas Maybury!Leave it alone RT : As soon as my grandma goes to bed I'm taking her electric scooter for a joy ride!
13 days until I go to !! I'm super pumped(: I get to see my friend Micah cuz she's going with me...yeah life's good.
i love iconic boyz
STOP BUNTING. I HATE YOU
How come all these people that got big out of no where have some skinny heads? Look at them.
yeah looks can decieve you. Haha
Cause i like it like that, YEAH!
If you’re sexy and you know it put your hands up in the air put your hands up in the air, girl, put your hands up
..a strange and mad public it is that exacts from the painter the utmost originality and then only accepts him when he is like the others..
“: #GodGreat” Over everything!!
Works every time RT RT : up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, B, A
Please please please,, :(
haha i just looked and didnt see him
That's awesome! Seems impossible but once you get past the hump its fairly easy. Give it a good 30 days. Expect some withdrawal.
at the field trip so far its boring eatin doritos!!!
i wonder if you pay a nerd to do your homework like in those movies...will they actually do it?!?
DM ya info and ill send ya some records to write to.
Shameful RT : Joe Nuxhall is not among the 10 finalists for the Ford Frick award for 2012
At the airport heading to #Seattle for wedding! #yayforweddings!
When your hammer is C++, everything begins to look like a thumb.
Is anyone up ??
Believe it or not this guy will be sessioning with a country band tonight @ barracuda in Norman. C'mon bitches!
Oh my G-d, this is Berlin-level shoving.
taking hot ass showers when you have a cold is the dankest
You used to be the life of the party. You used to be the best fuderwacker in all of Witt's End.
how many int's was that in the spring game ?
I have an interview with Wayne Davis of TRNE with the info on video. Will upload tonight:)
Got my taxes and form 700's done this week. I'm ahead of the game.
Just found the 10 dollars AGAIN! :O
Every time I speak I see 100 grand
Not quite yet. We'll send out announcements once registration details are available. We just wanted to get it on calendars!
lol ... Seriously ! Yes Leslie (from smash) is so talented, and the woman who played his mother and his sister
just seen it
chewing stride always mandarin gum again. it's very delicious - eugene
Most successful people challenge the conventions of society. If u arent doing the same as everyone else dont fret. You're on the right track
And fingers-crossed?!? We should defo design our own emoticons app. “: Dang..there's no cookie Emoji. Clearly they can do better.”
Woah okay, first Christopher Ingles cuts his hair, then Alex Gaskarth? What's the world coming too? D:
Dinner plans? A drizzly night calls for a cocktail and our ricotta gnudi (it's the last week to get it!). See ya tonight!
Thank you for coming to the concert! We are glad you enjoyed the music!
At this point it's a lose-lose. The O's should forfeit. They're gonna have no pitchers versus the Rangers.
My coworkers have been asking how "nerd camp" was & I'm resisting the urge to say "This one time at data camp..."
dying to get ahold of that. Heading to Rock Bottom today. Never had their brews.
It's about to be a Dallas Green or Dashboard Confessional night
Note to Assad: if you are a mass murderer trying to slip under the radar, try not having a Hitler mustache.
The moon is supposed to look like the alien ship from "Independence Day" tonight. This is the best time for an invasion.
Stoked to see Wil Crombie's visualizations at 5/10 !! Would love to do a show w you guys this summer !!
Hey! ...first time here great food great place .loved ACIDIC....#FUEL UP NEXT. ..STOKED!!! \m/
i hate when people steal my phone and dont give it back for five hours.
I should of!
Obviously it's severe prejudice toward mortarboards.
anyone have any contacts with trucking companies in UT or CO?
Omw to church with this massive headache, hopefully it goes away
ah dang! It's okay, everyone knows we're still better
ugh no I can only iMessage <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
...if ever there was a time when I wish I were deaf..this shit is horrible!!!! Dayum, she should have had a ghost writter..smh
If you have two, I would race your face off.
judging people for drinking
Game 7. We're definitely ready! Go
Stitches are so fun
looking for female bartenders if you know anyone looking!
Ariel Warning by Robert Kalich, best-sellng author The Handicapper pubs in April. Critics have you received your galley? DM me!
no clue yet. Will let you know when I know.
Like a weightless currency, your words don't mean shit to me. I'm always cashing out.
Some days the beauty of Boston's skyline catches me off guard.
Hey Moms!! We hope you have a great Mother's Day.
On my way to orlando , week off my family are here with me and we are go to walt disney world visit Mickey and Minnie mouse lol :))
1) happy xmas 2) I was just telling the other day she could use an ereader! W00t with the gift giving!
I know right. im gonna love being 17 almost as much as I have loved 16....maybe more!
At in Santa Monica. Kinda bummed; no sign of anywhere.
Follow, please? ( : Thanks.
Cool! Fun presenting to med students: "Reliability of Self-Reported Ancestry: Or, Don't Believe Everything Your Patient Says"
thank you for the #FF. Made my day. Simple, easily-pleased gal here.
did you happen to find any sites that are legit, safe, and... Oh yea legit!
If you owe me money from 10+ yrs ago & you see me on the grocery store #keepitmoving I wrote you off 10 yrs so lol
Go get him bro! You're gonna manhandle that British bastard!
Headed to Bama to help my mom celebrate 60years of life!!!! Super excited, & Easter with mom & dad at their church!
we are going to ride genetically-altered gorillas doday in youth group
baby bats are called bittens?
What are you welcoming people to?
Charles Du Bos~ The important thing is this to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
It is kind of strange to me...I don't know!
*Slaps ass* get out and win this game bro.
I just finished a 1.01 mi run with a pace of 10'33"/mi and a time of 10:39 with Nike+ GPS.
I only have a one day weekend and I spend it sleeping everytime <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
“: Dudes who tweet me about the body found in the canal You are the Carlos Mencia of tweeters Real original u c this?
Take my kindness for weakness, I'll take your life as a joke.
Just saw y'all set a date for The World's End. I can't wait for another Pegg/Wright collaboration.
You would through a Florida sticker on there. Although I may not be a fan, I support school spirit! ;)
I'm not so sure about you're eye balls! He should have thrown Atleast 4 ints
it proves siobhan is a true divabitch!
I actually told my mom that a few days ago... But she just laughed. Not knowing I was serious.
what is the rental price, May I ask?
“Sabr is to persevere in holding back from what Allah has forbidden and Rada is acceptance of what Allah has commanded.” -Hasan al-Basri (R)
Watching this morning for a change of pace. And because it's a Sarah Palin-free zone.
M daddy brought me some subway & a soup :)
These umps are really fucking awful. This whole crew is a joke.
Cause it's a bitter sweet symphony this life.
- I didn't get a chance to get to Petunia's but had an awesome seafood gumbo!
Omg I accidentally just delete my DM from Madison. Crying.
For the New Year - live wiser, healthier, stronger. Make time for yourself, take a risk, explore...This is how I plan to spend 2012!
A dark incantation: "I Hate Love. I Love Hate."
Loll!!! follow back??
One week till NYC, two more weeks till Iowa! Can't wait
Happy birthday hunnie! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
Sup?! I follow back!! ;) Follow me!!
Finally..just give the ball to kobe!!!
cut outs from old magazines and a glue stick keeps us entertained!
I realize I now sleep text. Oh joy.
Finally.... Yes, jumping up and down screaming daddy's home
You're a psychopath I think I love you haha! PS, I need a haircut. When you available?
Thanks for posting! As a former Winchester Mystery House (San Jose, CA) tour guide, I'm glad to see guides & tours gettin' some <3
Oh my gosh, am I wearing enough greyish-blue?
thank u! Follow me at my name again
Sometimes I hate sixteen-hour workdays. But then sometimes I get an email about Bowdle's "Men's Early Birth" tournament.
It's possible it's nothing, but the Cubs are likely sellers and the Brewers may be looking to add pieces, so it's worth noting.
Request granted. When do you want to stop in?
Javon said the hoes was going crazy over him! CHECK HIM OUT
migrating to Rosa Mexicana!
I just fell down the stairs :'( idk how but I did
Bulls vs heat 2nite (Bernie Mac voice)
: what on earth are you talking about Goldilocks?
Kobe is on fire!! Nobody competes like my boy. Let's go!! Lakeshow
Nicki Minaj just set rap music back 15 years. The Grammys are probably just gonna do away with the rap categories now
So much goes through my head as soon as I put my head down to fall asleep.
Oh. Tempting.
You got that right my co-host is none other than on Friday morning. I hear he'll share dancing tips!
what happened to twerk team servicr pack?
#GiadasValentine RICH DOUBLE CHOCOLATE CHIP CAKE. #AWESOME”
Trying to figure out why we're in Hollywood on a Thursday night.
Preciatee da Follow, Keep in touch:)
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
Thanks for the following!
Brown Center Report Part I: The Common Core will have little to no effect on student achievement.
how much ate u trying to spend?
that is great news! I'm happy to hear that they are all okay!
I followed back
sure he does loves you in Yoga pants
Between the red of L'Ville, neutral white, and UK blue, the national anthem feels extra patriotic
Thank you, Rosie!
once I'm fresh outta du shower I spray cologne on du wifebeater then hop in bed wit her <U+E405>
I love that pinball wizard song and always have so I was slightly bias I am so glad they won they deserved it :D
Iam bout to get my hoddie next week
Requiem For a Dream is on, saw it once , still have nightmares. Pass
Get out ppls relationship , its not your place n never will be .
So glad & thankful to have my parents in town for a short time. They are such a great expression of God's love. Hate seeing them leave...
What do you think about Tannehill?
THERE AIN'T NO SUCH THING AS A FREE LUNCH
it was your bday today? Happy birthday! Hope it was awesome! :)
Wow! RT : Jesus, Austin. 9 homicides in 2012? WTF guys? It's only April.
Excited to be a trusted interior decorator for the fantastic ! Thanks Erin!
"When the vision you see around you doesn’t match what God has spoken to you, you’ve got to close your eyes & hold on to what you’ve heard."
You're a mean one, Mr. Drupal.
So I can't have my grill on my patio. Sad that my apt wasn't aware it was a fire violation when they said it was ok. Smdh!
Rumor has it is in the new York times.
My tongue is the only muscle on my body that works harder than my heart.
Cool breeze off the lake chased my sunshine lunchtime indoors.
+ 1 RT : #WhatWouldTomDo Let people that lost their homes keep their settlement money.
Last chance. Try shooting a bottle of wine, first unopened, then with a poured glass next to it. Perfection! Tomorrow: what's upsetting you?
I have seen the Divine.
The only thing that would make you hotter is a fractured skull and some blood. Isn't that your trademark look?
I asked you first bitch.
I think I'm on the mend back to health... Determined to be well by this weekend ;)
The Game and Lil Wayne make a pretty good team.
no problem :)
Yep! Miss you!
what time do you want to do #puppyhike on Saturday? I figured Saturday bc of Corey's thing. Jordyn is so excited.
(c) my revision because I got quite sick. Point is, in order to catch up, revise and do well, I won't be on Twitter very much at all for (c)
She allows fear of the past and the memory of past experiences to hold her back-just as we all do when it comes to our relationships
I couldn't agree more. the sun drained all of my energy.
You have until Thursday December 31, 2009 to get the Crowned Prince & Princess Charm early bird rate.
Bahahaha my mom is so awkward. In response to telling her i'm feeling unwell she immediately says "You better not be pregnant!"
any good sushi recommendations for lunch in Los Angeles? And restaurants. I'm here till May 5th.
That's awesome. You are officially a chowderhead! You need to get to Fenway for a game.
Friends make everything better :)
Are you still at the encampment on East Wash?
Big deal. I'm never wearing pants (when drinking).
I do indeed love #blue! Um, just don't make me look like one of those #Avatar people? Please? Lol
(: RT : So totally stoked for my fourth season of !!!!!!!!!!!!! We will of course dominate the league again.
text me both of you. I've got somethin to tell you !
Tons of new sale items now! Also we brought in over 300 new men's and women's items this week so far. Come by and check us out!!!
Never follow someone who can't see further than you. #vision never killed anyone
alas love, I think it is. I'll do an extra steam bath for u today & am saving your lounge chair nxt to me for NYE 2013! <U+E405>
Buss a nut roll a blunt now I'm rejuvenated
Let's all hope #TFC don't get steamrolled vs. #CSL like #SSFC did
I had enough film stock and lab money to shoot trailer for DAKOTA'S DOVE my feature. Thanks for asking.
Can't Wait!!!
How else will they learn? I consider it an act of kindness. A sometimes loud act of pointed kindness.
Jesus i live to love you , you are my hearts desire <3
Interesting stat. An 8 sec average isnt too shabby. the average museum goer spends 8 seconds in front of a work of art.
#PeopleNeedToStop putting off buying uniforms for their employees! A printed tee or embroidered polo is free advertising! Call 877-244-9913
I won't worry about next Tuesday, because next Tuesday hasn't happened yet. I will worry about it when I find out what it really is.
*contented sigh* RT : That moment you realize you never have to take that person's crap ever again.
lol out was!!!
A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives. -Jackie Robinson
I just watched Isaac do a shot of whiskey. What a old man.
Thanks. They are little angels, mostly when they sleep.
l BrazilLovesAustinMahone l
pro drummers living in miami , where are you?
hey!! i'm great. busy work week of course. you?
Well I guess it's nap time, before I have to go to work. Plus it' my Friday. Please stop raining, I don't like being wet!!!
RT : RT : BREAKING: Adele declared winner of GOP debate
maybe this is why I follow you on twitter. To try to figure out what your tweets mean
I ate a burrito during my break and now all I wanna do is take a siesta.
either! “: Happy Mothers day! Can you do 6:30? Or I am fine with 7 too! XO”
But that howard goal was awesome...
Appears to be about in proportion to female attendance as a whole, unfortunately. Hopefully next year!
gone head and preach.
I use low fat everything in mine. No fat free cheese
It works well, but after a couple of days I feel like my body adjusts to it. So it works best for me in spurts.
still have jason thomas madison louis open for gf in my story just tweet me
me too, I've been craving it for months. Who has dreams about restaurants like that!? Lol
what did run?
I wonder what it woul be like if u were watchingv tv and u saw ur self... what would u doo?
Can you follow me back? <3
When you get a cold or flu, ask yourself who you've been around lately who was sick. The first step toward wellness is assigning blame.
Ate a bowl of my famous chili tonight and can honestly say, if your chili recipe doesn't have habaneros or pepperoni in it, it sucks!
i don't understand why Tre keeps selling stories to magazines cept for the money, she's not helping matters...
Two old couple walks in and I immediately thought of the movie "The Notebook." UGH, it was so sad.
Tonight's #MadMen came with a caveat about sexual content and adult situations. Isn't that every episode?
Matt Haggman #OCOG says Miami is "change" with most ingredients for entrepreneurship.
I imagine that SUV to look kind of like the one in "Twister" except far more aerodynamic!
Get your votes in, only a few hours left!
Phillies sign Cliff Lee!!!
i wish that would follow me:) id be the happiest person on earth!
I like ordering at bill millers. They always get my moms complicated orders right (:
i love him! Best valentine ever! I couldn't ask for more:) but the days not over ;)
I think chocolate should be on the seven deadly sins.
Anyone want FREE Lucero tickets?
I'm on tumblr instead of doing my homework
I'm appalled that the free service I'm in no way obligated to use keeps making changes that mildly inconvenience me
Daylight savings time will happen over #GURT2011 weekend. Remember to "spring ahead" on Sunday march 13th!
Retweet if you downloaded Avengers illegally just to watch it again!
I love having sex with strawberry flavored condoms lol
Overeem's attorney: The injection he was given was for anti-inflammatory. We will produce vial for inspection by NSAC.
Logo being designed, demos being recorded, drummer moving to philly in june. Puh-rah-gress. Very excited to announce the new band
I want to pull my hair out right about now
May 31st :D
any clue when they might be back in stock? I don't want to miss out!
how are you alive
Seriously is such an inspiration for me. I cannot wait for her EP
I HATE EVERYTHING ABOUT THAT SHOW! We're so great :)
Hope to make it to show at tonight right after my show. She doesn't mind late-comers anyway. As long as they come.
ugh I hate that target, sloppy stock of inventory and unprofessional staff. It's a bit of a trek but the (contd)
2 days until our headlining show at Louie G's! Hit us up for a $5 ticket!
One Hour Recall Walker Training at Bourbon Street Grille in Monona on Thursday Nov. 10th from 4-5.
Saw the #Avengers a little bit ago. I'm still mixed on it. I had a fever and the only prescription was more Tony Stark. Still waiting.
if it took one million times longer to SAY the word "trillion" as it does the word "million," the magnitude of difference would be clearer.
Are you sure you shouldn't second guess yourself? ;-)
Ok I miss my lil man now! Lol!
I replied to a tweet and it looked like master Yoda wrote it...
No. Not even good I don't want him.
Schadenfreude (n): pleasure derived from the misfortune of others.
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless the look makes when she finds out something shocking
trying to order online, not succeeding. Is something screwed up with your server/site?
Driving to my Chicago home later on today with Brendon, Gia, Samuel, Daniel , nd kylie
Thank You Farragut for another beautiful day at the park! See you all next week!
are you guys heading out here as well?
Headed to #OBSESSIONS tonight have not had any #BlueMotherfucker all weekend, time to re-up
I'll be there tonight. With fucking bells on.
taught Mud how to shake today.. talk about a fast little learner.
And thank you for encouraging dippin'! RT : Thanks on the RT to the Cool => Take a dip today! :-{)}}}}
There's nothin quite like twitter when you are sittin on the shitter...
Good Morning Everybody! How are you enjoying the 55 degrees weather here in Indy?
2MORROW NIGHT 12/12/09 @ 3 Little Birds Salon A Cancer Awareness Benefit & Art Expo! Look fwd 2 see everyone there :)
i like ur twitter name, at first glance i was like who the hell is that
Haha my sister said Justin is a cutie I'm like no he's more than that she's like okay a hottie Im like no he's even more than that!! :) LOVE
i have it but i've never watched it
thanks for letting me know. Wishing the women in your life a great Mother's Day! My best.
RT : Sorry Tara is not skilled enough to carry Ronda Bra strap. Yeah I said it!! ~ Wow, that's rough, dude.
Ok damn lakers. This is just embarrassing ....
1) Zayn taught me to face my fears.
I am going to have that lazy harp seal song stuck in my head all day and I am totally OK with that.
It's a great day for iced coffee, that's for sure! Stay cool
Smart phones become computers, Will your smart phone become your new computer?
Maybe, but I doubt it. They would play Green at 2B and Ishy at 1B.
Can't be anywhere as good as what people in NYC say...
It's tequila time!
beautiful... Sacramento's a little nondescript
Our ancestors were exploring and painting the caves of Southern France and Northern Spain when that bacteria was multiplying.
stress produces more cortisol, a hormone that allows the body to store fat, increases blood pressure, & weakens the immune system
This kind of weather makes me so stinkin lincoln tired....
Wow. Crazy football day
A2: Re: Marketability - ask Geico if being good = recognition. If you have to say athletes name in commercial, there is a problem
To sleep or not to sleep.. Cause I seriously don't care tonight. Whatevs.
And you should totally skip work and come to the shore!!
high quality online gaming space. cool stuff
Games can also be delayed or canceled for other forms of inclement weather, or if the field is found to be unfit for play,
That totally sucks. Wish I could break those dang twitterjail bars and free you.
"You must remember that some things legally right are not morally right." Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
Food then movie with my nigga
thanks for coming in. What did you think?
you opened my eyes to they other side of love
you step in the bar and immd shit becomes legit
Thanks for visiting the gallery!
'Non Profit Entrepreneurs' #npechat twitter chat Friday est. Discussing traditional media vs. social media.
Come into Provence on 21st Ave for free samples of Noble Springs Dairy Goat Cheese!
Super awesome WI weather
Keeping prog alive every day! www.reverbnation.com/agoraforte
I know, thats how you can tell the world is gonna end lol
WHOA!!!!Did you guys SEE HEAR that lightning thunder. THUNDERSNOW!!!
If you chose a dream #shopping #spree, where would it be? #NYC, #London, #Paris...?
#THATCampOSU "You're crazy if you think you can do it by yourself." Cindy on DH.
it's a good thing the heartless attacked because they'd have gotten two days into that raft journey and realized "oh shit we're so dead"
oh sure now you mention it lol
Hav been out n abt. Much lov to every1. Hope every1 is having a great night/day :D
AND YOU! STOP HAVING CURLY HAIR!
Just took the family to see I laughed, I cried (sucker for love that wins in the end), then I laughed again.Great movie!
Just tested out the footage over at the Camera 3 on this rainy day before the San Jose Short Film Festival...it's movie time!
Goldie, that's my type of shiettt
lol yeah creepin is never good for anyone ;)
if you arent here by 1 dont bother im tired
Aw that's sweet. Do you rule the sws fanbase now hm
no matter what happen i will always support you and defend you <U+2665> Victorians are here for you :{) I love you Vic!
lol get over it
Happy Reconnecting , Hope you are doing well :)
Horray for the Minnesota vikings. Congrats for the win guys.
Looking for website/community developer - will pay. reply back!
Outdated measurement RT Nielsen's sample size represents 0.02% of all U.S. TV homes, mrktrs rely 2 validate $70B in spend
I'm going from memory of Sheffler rpt. Costs of "closing" pension are main issue.
Not enough TV shots of Ashley Judd tonight. Poor job!
way up!
and re: suicide rate...not surprised given stakes to get in....years of prep. & rewarded by enrollment. cc:
The Grand Prize Winner of our "I'm a [fill in the blank] #WONK Photo Contest and an iPad2 is Congratulations.
no worries there's usually a dealer not to far from where ever you are.
can ur light hitting Gnats come thru here bases loaded
is a sucker for "pweese."
Nice to see former KEYT Santa Barbara reporter Paul Vercammen getting some great exposure on CNN right now. He paid his dues in local news.
When we think Mrs. Womble says "Jandrew"
Shooting Sketch comedy show at #HiPointStudios with cast of #Static. Miss you
#madison A bit chaotic looking. Maybe clearer div bet history and current?
I love these!
I am cuter in person. :) and thanks I think you are cute too
The annoying moment when you run over your own banana peel in Mario Kart. Fail
merci pour tout
I love hotels that offer small recycling bins IN the rooms! Also rooms where lights/AC operate only when key card is in a slot
are you dating abby miller??
Totally dug your interview with - Made my day.
I don't know but I like it... might start using it "I mightn't be there tomorrow"
ok ... LOL... If he comes close enough, I'LL BE THERE!!! So count me in on any plans!!
My house is SOO creepy at night, especially since I'm home alone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
My Neck Hurt Yoo .
Yes. On the agenda so far: Reel Thing, business lunches, cataloging & education committee meetings, meet lots of current students
I got too hungry to stay at the library. Good luck with your paper!
YES, & why are you not RESHOWING THIS for Downton fans to keep them in clutches?
Art tomorrow with now this shall be interesting;D
thanks. that was really f'ed up of him...
okay just remind me tomorrow bro!!
A picture is all the trouble I'm going to go throught to prove. If you were a true mahomie.. You'd believe me(:
YO!!! Eric, how's that IronMan training going???
Per Pares => By his peers
Feels good to chill on a Friday night
yeah. New neighbor. I'm glad u stuck my nose in...that's all I'll say.
Haha I know! All of the boys are just full of beauty :)
You know black girls do actually have the ability to grow hair longer than their shoulders
1945- Adolph Hitler moved his headquarters from the Reich Chancellery to a bunker deep below street level.
#FreeEADave please RT!!! Get it trending!
Sleep is for the birds bee
Great article about Bart Deham. Please update on the regional meet.
week after colin is three witches: lovespell
I hear good things are in your future! I have some plans I want to execute. Wanna be involved?
zach galifianakis between two ferns marathon....he's funny
whats so crazy is that just yesterday me n was sayin how #Iggy is overrated! oops
Leon and the Reckless All Stars are rockin' the brewpub tonight! Join us!
Plz let this day go by fast, I want to snuggle w/ my luv bug...
What's everyone listening to at work or at home today?
Merry Christmas ......
Asm Ed committee beginning now... I just got back from a tour of all of these members' offices urging them NOT to institutionalize gossip.
#FactsWithoutWikipedia Wikipedia does not need your donations.
Trying to see am I going to school or not.....
2nd seed my friend
haha where are you??
i'm fine :) how old are you?
It's the last day of MCAS testing for many BPS schools! Congrats to all of our hardworking students and staff.
Are you a senior tax accountant considering new opportunities? We have an exciting new position with a great CPA firm. Experience with indi…
strugglin to make a livin hell of life
Hey girly what is your main youtube chan??? I am not sure I am subbed to the right one. You have more than one right?
Oh my gosh , I'm still alive . It's miracle... not !
If your crush doesn't like you, then he's not worthy to be with someone as AWESOME AS YOU <3
does that mean no hair dying? because i think you should keep your hair as is...it is beautiful! what tattoo are you getting?
Happy Mother's Day! How are you celebrating?
tonight at can't wait! Saw him in Miami and he killed it!! Need more #Arty in my life :D
After the rain the grass will grow; after wine, conversation
The #Magic doing work
Hehe ;) I hhave to be original
First day of summer and the weather could not be more perfect
oh well. I don't follow him.. haha
And then I'll die and you'll be all like, "She did that for attention," and someone will realize I'm dead.
well, act like you are practicing.
My Nigga been M.I.A ever since he got the drivers license & ah car
My entire life is now "Hammock" worthy. I just watched my mother feed antidepressants to a cat.
Convinced Emanuel Steward is chronically punch drunk.
my daughter doing the same...wants to score higher than her brother did a few years ago
Caddies at Baltusrol for two years when I was living in Jersey.
House was a one-story ranch. Cause of explosion not known. About 20 homes evacuated.
Can barely keep my eyes open and I've been up for 30 minutes. In for a long day.
Any of my #campnanowrimo peeps around & up for a preparatory #campnanosprint? We have to get our fingers into fighting shape by next month!
i will now do jumping jacks while i watch tv as exercise. lols.
"Bru Tip": Meet frequently w/ someone you respect w/ positive traits you admire. Their positive attitude will become part of you.
Up & at 'em have a fantastic hump day!
sexy thang u
Henderson in response to Sen Paul: Brown v. Board established federal role for equality; that principle hasn't changed.
thanks so much for the spotlight yesterday! I can't wait to see all my Six Degrees friends at the first event of 2012!!
Happy birthday honey!! I hope you have a fabulous day! You know I love you!!
Anyone watching the game think the pens have a comeback chance in the third period?
follow me plse my bday is almost ova!
I have more followers than you
lls bruh you ain't have no excuse this time to be rocking that shirt
in his defense, I don't know this missing person either.
how old is your son? I hope my daughter does that when she's old enough to have a phone! Aw
Time to short GOOG?
2012 UIL baseball playoffs - ESPN (blog)
"Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
our 09 Fit had the same problem!
thank you very much! How is Wyoming?
Trivia tonight | 7:30pm. Practice Q: What animal's diet is made up almost entirely of eucalyptus leaves? No Cheating
I gave my heart to my kids... I don't have one....
Happy B-Day 2 My Favorite Rapper BoosieBadAzz Every Song I Tweet Will Be Boosie #FreeBoosie Wish He Was Out He'll Be Killin Shit.Problems.
Amazing track workout this morning. It's audition time. I am lucky, and I love that I am filled with this passion. Happy holidays tweepers!
hey girl hope ur having fun ! See ya when I get back!
Thank you for the follow. Do you have a lot of tolls on road where you live?
Men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all the other alternatives. ~ Abba Eban
Gossip Girl is so lame. Why do I waste my time! Blair just be with Chuck. End of story.
so cool! Last years line up was just as great as this years :)
I'm addicted to 's "We Are Young." It features She's from KC, like me :)
party at the crib?? goodshitttt ill spread the wordd
tonight after the tigers....going to shock the world
Never had it so good <3
Bill Maher's New Rules for #TimeMagazine in last night's 'Real Time' on HBO = scathingly brilliant.
.... I am on a budget.... How much do you think it will cost?
will you be attending nearby Bob Jones University?
So tired of all my music.
only one way to find out! :)
Int'l reporter Doug McGill's key tool in covering stories on a local level: find the large w/in the small.
Ref must be a fan!
Enjoy your trip! legends
The gifts section w/ products on is ingenious
I like
I think ima buy a bike next summer.......
aw! i need to get my butt in gear for a housewarming!!!
I just want to be for a day.
indeed. The confirmation gives us something solid to look forward to now lol Now to hope for sneak peeks! :D
I'll give you it, the ump was bad. So inconsistent.
looking forward to catching up with friends tomorrow :)
My JAM!!!!! RT #np I'd rather be with you - Bootsy Collins
Comedy/Burrito. That sounds great...RT : My friend is trying to get a comedy/burrito festival off the ground in San Francisco.
RT We are still going ahead with our scheduled events! <Yes! Victory is ours! Enemy retreats!
So sorry to hear that. Hope all is ok?
Is it awkward if I wish to follow me now? :D oh god I wish he would notice me now(; I'll give him some pizza if he do lol
How come all the pretty girls like you are taken, baby?
Should have been 6..
Happy tears.
What are you guys going to be for Halloween this year?
Can't wait til easter .... All those giggles,hugs,and smiles and celebrating jesus :) ... Theres a kid in me too
“: RIP #MCA, dude was trill” #ill #licensetoill #illcommunication ill > trill
parked cars are my specialty
I'd live a reprint of your last one. Several folks recommend it. So sorry I missed the boat.
Tony Allen's job should be dunks/layups/defense. Nothing else.
has the BEST wireless bras ever! Check them out: Essential BodyWear - Over 40 Females did!
NY is the center of the universe, sorry azzhole over it. If you want cookie cutter communities than NY is not for you.
I MISS MY BOYFRIEND!
oh well umm... TOO BAD.
So far, been spending my new year's day slicing the grav lax that has been curing for 3 days. It turned out pretty well if I say so myself!
RT : Balderas says his office has made a recommendation to the DFA to take over
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident N Lamar at Braker
There is nothing deep down inside us except what we have put there ourselves. Richard Rorty
your so rude!!! asshole :p
Who makes the protocol? They're at the top.
At the same time as they are making the Hobbit they're allowing fans to vote on actors for the Runelords production.
Feeling accomplished. Moved around a ton of stuff in my apartment today...
no cause if you would taken your camera , you could of taken a picture with billy since 8:00 !
Rise Above Hate
There's a Verizon guy pitching some people at Alterra… Ha! I do NOT miss that business...
My new gold reflector..changing my photography one photo at a time!
Phenomenal SUCCESS at the Graduate #ResearchForum! THANKS to those came out! And CONGRATS to the winners! Photos and winners updated soon.
no love for breakfast tacos? Don't know how I would live with out them. #i'mnative
I'm so exhausted. I don't wanna get out of bed but my bet is that is probably a gorgeous day. Idk if I'm ready to face reality today.
What's the total net worth of the folks in the famous Romney picture with money coming out of their pockets?
HAPPY NEW YEAR from your friends at PlanetTran!
Follow me plzz
That's cool and not really. I wanna sleep. Lol. Love that show(:
Speak goodness into other peoples lives happy Friday
Passed out on the overpass, sunday best and broken glass.
how the fuck... I've gotten 1.2mil can't even get that now
rondo shouldn't worry about his three point %. Needs to work on his free throw % well before he worries about his 3pt %
lol. Sure. Y not?
Sitting at the doc's office... So hungry I might eat my other good arm off.
This ain't no tall order, this is nothing to me Difficult takes a day, impossible takes a week. I do this in my sleep. - Hov
Cheetah tongues make the best mosquitobite scratchers.
you ain't never seen me dance like that bfo" oh austin. lol
RT : Mothers Day is coming up!! Do something different this year.. donate a Bible so families can enjoy Christ!
Unless you're one of my clients who threatened to fly here from SF to make an in person appeal (with a tight deadline)
Hair appointment this Tue. Vote: a) Bleach with pink tips. b) Lavender. c) Dark brown with green bangs.
Last night was fun , ;)
crazy evenings.
#Hopkins Homewood we are parked in from of the San Martin Center in the 1/2 circle till 2... Stop by for your lunch
Anal fishing?
hey shannon miss ya! :*
a rare case of a song with 3 great versions that sound very different from one another! There have been 300 covers of this song!
RT : Patience is a virtue. So just relax.
Ha! I like it.
Ive been wreaking up to this weird Zelda music outside. Please tell me wtf it is
To all the instigators of change - "The world is more malleable than you think and it's waiting for you to hammer it into shape." - Bono
My mom scrubs her fruit with dawn and hot water, but seriously that seems over the top.
meek mill is going in right now on hot 97
Congratulations to all of our USF graduates! Enjoy the day!
To focus on tchrs & ignore fx of poverty, parenting, legacy of racism is beyond irresponsible. Teachers an easy target bcz we all know one.
Thanks for the podcast love. Indie music fans will love this site. If you love music RT to all you friends. @ danglers
": Anybody else just lay in bed making mental movies of perfect scenario's..."funny how everyone of mine include <3
Holy shit I love a 90's sax backup on a song
": High praise!". Smoke on the porter is a close 2nd.
Tune in to at 12:30 where Home Start CEO & I will talk about child abuse, 40th anniv & our new maternity shelter!
It's pouring right now <U+2614> ... I'm glad i'm home already :)
Ugh, My Emotions Are All Jacked Up !
Bring it ... TravisAllen
posted up like a stop sign
ohh i just back from school, wbu??? :D<3
Good call, We're looking at it...trying to supe it up though. Everyone drives a Chevy, we insist on a Benz.
needs to get home soon #MakeMeSmile #LoveUnconditionally <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
RT: #mediachat starts in 1 hour! Tonight’s guest is and our topic is “Brands and future use of Twitter”. See you all soon!
haahha! yeahh, the whole time i was watching it i was like, THIS SHOW IT FOR YOU AUSTIN MAHONE, ITS FOR YOU<3
Not gonna lie, kinda in love w/ my WeHo peeps. You guys killed it this am! So grateful 4 an amazing wknd pack. See u tomorrow!
thank you!!
Mark Sanchez wipes boogers on his teammates.
Google just sent me a travel coffee mug. No note, no explanation. Um... thanks, Google?
#IAlwaysWonderIf You like me , like I like you.
Watching Ghost Adventures(:
S/0 holding da city down
There are tons and tons of 9/11 specials airing this weekend. Are you watching, and if so which one(s) and why?
spring'11 Londoners- make sure you have your course forms in for next semester!
Make sure to stop by in September
I LOVE . white house correspondent's dinner was wonderful!!
Energy is an eternal delight, and he who desires, but acts not, breeds pestilence. -William Blake
survived round one of this semester's classes.
really?? And I thought I couldn't love you more than I already do!
It sucks being home all night every night, and reading peoples tweets about having fun out and shit..
Today: Text HEALING to 91944 and get a FREE supply of Vitamin D3 from Hieber's!
i miss the lips that made me fly.
Only thing sure about the European debt crisis is that it's worsening. But Ben "subprime is contained" Bernanke says the Fed is ready to act
I'm planning a cheap vacation for us for a few days in may to Newport Beach. Mmk?
Oh snap!! I've been on this phone so long, my arm went numb O_oh noo!!
I am fairly confident that you'll find more people that know the wrestlers and mma fighters
Come on Cubs! I'm set free at a bar from my wife and kids for a rare treat to watch the game. At least make it interesting.
phi phi, sit like a lady you fuqen gentleman!
I think you know what time it is, its time to get ill. #YouGuys Shower Beer, Pound of Steak Tips, Celtics Game 3.
hey! I actually might! I have a yoga class that ends around 8 so I'll text you after <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
ah got you. Do you ever come to Illinois?
DJ Frisko Eddy & Cocoa Jeans take over Pura this Saturday night! TEXT "PURA" to 99158 to get your $10 discount pass texted to you.
thanks that was a few yrs ago but I'm thinking about doing these colors for summer!
This Tracy Morgan should be pretty good
wish i could find a throw back pic of you
R.I.P. Whitney Houston Thank You and all the online streams that let our eyes and hearts into the #CHURCH today.
Gold medals aren't really made of gold. They're made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts.
Also easy to get distracted by the B&W / disgusting imagery on the website. Will be there at open tomorrow.
Looking forward to MLS Cup in Los Angeles next week. On the business side of MLS, what info would you be interested in understanding more?
I hope everyone is having a wonderful, beautiful day!!!
i think my 7yr old nephew has insomnia and i get mt dew boy tonite
I just had a "am I following that person, or was that a RT?" moment.
Keep dat 50 cal dat bitch mite come in handy it ah open a nigga up like some candy
Off to Corona to pretend we are in Big Sur.
If we did all the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astonish ourselves.
You're the biggest liar. You'd even lie if the truth was better!
Stop trying to walk on someone else's path and take the time to discover then carve your own.
lololol i love you brooke. they called me stella so much at the concert i started answering to it
2 episodes & 1 juicy marathon left before Season One leaves us breathlessly waiting for more...
Thanks Dr. Joy! Hope all is well...miss you. Stop by soon!
#android users, "emulator roms" on the market is pretty good game emulator. Just got done playing the original mario.
#BoiseSOC Bieter:“Act as if you have faith, and faith will be given to you.”
unless his argument is on personality side...which really is trumped by talent...even Russel "BSOML" Martin
I must remember never let my Dad drink sake...
Singing along with the movie,
You're welcome :) You're always sweet to everyone. You're very legendary fan of Everyone loves Anthony :)
nice i miss u Homie ;)
- our current contract (both fios tv and internet) is up mid-july. am interested in what bundles are available.
Often, hunger registers as sleepiness for me.
He shouda never been allowed to carry a weapon due to an old charge of battery LEO that he was allowed to plea down.
bruce bowen has done what no one thought possible: find a way to be more annoying than he was as a player. that man is awful on ESPN...
i am too bro!
This has been a weird weather day. Hail at 6:30a, ominous clouds all day & heavy fog at 7p...
Well I am sure you are fascinating on Instagram. I'm not that thrilling on G+.
I will try to the end of the earth to get those 1D tickets tomorrow...
“: I don't know why is complaining. I'm sure he made a good living off sampling other people's music. #bethankful”
#MaximumBeadle What does Rex Ryan need to do to get control of his locker room, and the #Jets back to the playoffs?
My 3-year-old just said he was "ready for a humungous nap"
9 year old #RyanKennedy is in hospice with brain cancer. His one wish is to trend on twitter. Everyone should Retweet this.
Today is the anniversary of the Beatles' first appearance on the Ed Sullivan show, kicking off their US invasion. Great day in rock !
I love my girl !
Ahahahah my brother says he has a job interview tomorrow and if he gets it when he has enough money he will take me to any concert I want!!!
Did you hear the exciting news? Will Ferrell announced an 'Anchorman' sequel last night! We're psyched for some more Ron Burgundy action.
.....greatest of all time!!! Hands down
only one in line for devil inside screening at cinemark 17. hope gofobo wasnt typo.
- #ShitMattSays "That's the good thing about having a beard, you can get beer on it." Agreed
Brittany Griner... Best female player in college ball.. ever?
Only the Germans can come up with this word: Beibehaltung
Waking up and your eyes are still heavy as fuck >
Email me if you want me to go on the road with you. I can be a bodyguard/bg singer/tour manager/t-shirt seller/life coach/M&M counter, etc.
If i am ever in a hurry, i catch myself singing the"saved by the bell", theme song really fast in my head...oh if anyone heard my thoughts
You made it thru March: the month of Change- bravo! April: the month of New Beginnings. Stay Open, Go with the Flow- it'll be Great!
Next up...Indiana!
"Nggas that's losing, just hate."
Join , Sunday 3/18 Social "Attracting Mr. Right" w/
One thing has been missed about Mitt's speech today at Liberty University. (1/2)
right on!!!
RT Black Male Student Success in #highered: A Report from the National Black Male College Achievement Study.
You may call her Ms. That would be fine.
Kay you're pretty, But that doesn't mean you can be a total bitch to everyone.
Guys are so selfish to only like the image of the perfect girl before getting to know them.
Ersan headed to the line to shoot THREE. Bucks down 5 with 16.5 to play.
Where is it playing?
I hope that wasnt a subtweet cuz im not shallow sweetheart
.. of developing intimacy and sex-role identity. Depression or problems in school may herald budding sexual difficulties.
Bing Versus Google: Search Engine Showdown - PCWorld
Seriously, if you're going to literally read your speech, you should just tweet it from your seat.
if you get the wifi model of iPad you won't need to tether it to your phone.
i seen a pic of you as an old ass man lookin like a jew
Late night edits. Determined to finish this draft.
Excellent! I shall see you tomorrow!
About to head out to the #LVH Old School By The Pool
-___- lol RT : Don't worry Heat fans, LeBron always picks up his game in the 4th quarter
re: $1billion in gvmnt subsidies.. surprised at the amount? many are indirect subsidies, bt still critical to industry
I write my dates like they do in the UK :)))
good to hear!!! I'm great! I was just thinkin earlier today that I need to visit u guys...been a min!
I just earned the Mobile Streaker badge on #Yelp!
Hey Kids! No new episode this week. Next week James J. Hamilton () will be our guest with live audio from the Hambones Rumble
Smoking dro and I'm on probation.
I will be collaborating with many new twitter connections after the conference, so I say yes.
Advance happy mothers'. Day!!!!
It might seem like I have a ridiculous amount of underwear, but I only gotta do laundry once a month, bitch.
On my way to Hollywood c:
and her dancing career. Linda's got Talent.
thanks Lane. Happy weekend to you~~
Bummed! I get to LA mid-day Thurs. If anyone can make Cap Crunch, meat & spray-tans fascinating, its you! Hope to see you there!
Somebody tell me what this sorry ass CHP officer is mad about cuz I really don't know!!
Interesting tidbit: Amile Jefferson (2012) told that UK is still on his list and he talks to them frequently.
“: Hope this is not an indication of how this whole race is going to go!!!!” I hope not or it's gonna be a long night
"Don't be strangers" (to our new neighbors we just met while shitfaced) - Rube Sheeber
billy unger amazing mom took a vedio of us doing the rfrigerator dance ! :) I wonder , if he saw it !!
perfect. I'm down for some froyo
I hope my boo made time for me this wk
. How much did I pay for this Plate?
Thanks for all the RTs - bravo to for putting on today's #goodgreatcat event
WE IN
Big Sean is like the immature kid in 4th grade who only wants to talk about butts and poop
Sure! Thanks for the mention! RT :
Its time to have some fun! Woo hooo.(:-)
its nothing like letting someone else think for u then you suffer the reprocussions for other peoples bad decision making.. thats fucked up
Now "Red-Headed Slight of Hand?" Hoping for "The Recluse"!
I'm thinking about committing self-immolation in protest of the tax raising Republicans. Would they get the message?
The Washingtonian is such a crap rag. I'll just add that tweet as yet another reason i never read them.
It's not just your imagination. We really do have tickets to FIGMENTS at Saint Sebastian Players. Half the real-life price!
<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AF> Rawrr! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AF> The weekend is almost here! Make it a fun one! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AF>
Dear weather gods, no flash floods tonight, please. Can NOT deal with those angry citizen calls tomorrow. Thanks.
Where's my breakfast people at? I know you all want some blueberry pancakes ;)
Thanks! I love them all!!!
great pic (and story)!!
I wanna see it too
Your successes and happiness are forgiven you only if you generously consent to share them.
#MyPastRelationships Ain't Got SHIT On My Current One :)
haha...I can only dream
most people in 's office ever (working, not partaking in adult bevs) Welcome ladies!
chillen,txt me
Happy Early Thanksgiving!
finna head baqq to austell rd. man I'm all dha way on washinqton rd. kicced it with my bae Jay before she went to school. i love yhu Jay
I'm getting the trinity symbol from the bible on my shoulder blade :D I'm so excited!
Valentine's Day Party at my house!
Gn my Tweet peeps and FB folks!! A new day is on the horizon....
Nothing wrong with having Faith/Belief in something greater then you.Why?Your not that great!
you try going to class from 9-5 please.
Watching Cold Case with Viggle Thu | 19 | ION Get real rewards just for watching TV.
ordered my Axe FX II yesterday. I absolutely cannot wait to get it.
Looking forward to reading it in March! :)
Thanks also to for helping us tweet #UWeather today!
's cd 'a sound of a million dreams' is out today. Go buy it! Now! It's worth every penny :)
NOW WITH AIR CONDITIONING
I cant wait to see my KYU and i cant believe they cut him off in the short version dglkshggbhsdhgs how could they do that!!!
Yes it's CUCA. I am really excited :)
BORED AS SHIT. SOMEONE SAVE ME
RT : Just voted yes in the merger!
I only date cheerleaders. That way when things go downhill, my car doesn't get keyed, it gets spirit markered.
cause I'm planning to get jersey, once Nike reveals it.
We're ready. :-) RT Very poor timing, I must say...the next scheduled Rapture coming *after* this damn debt ceiling thingie.
I #BELIEVE that I wanna hear a bit of the new Album ! Pick me if U choose randomly of course ;-) #feelthelove <3frGAJB
loves lazy weekends.
Retrain Tip: Exercising the MIND is just as important as exercising the body.
Mine turned 5 on Tuesday. {::tears::}
#notfunny FAMILY TRIP..
AND NOW GOODNIGHT JULIA <333
I would like the book that comes out two days after my bday!
Im going to keep tweeting until you hit the follow button.
#NP Tank-Slowly and enjoying the glorious breeze... <3
Good morning to all <3 ya Bunches !! Mauh!!!
I guess technically story about a guy who picks fights with blind people and wins.
after the Tipoff special, I'm gonna run to Rhinelander and back to wear off all the excess energy lol
poodle status LMFAO
Could Hitaniel Arias still one day be a contributor to the Milwaukee Brewers? Or has he been too bad in his career so far?
ugh, been at work for 3 hours and starting to feel like crap again. ARGH.
#uppers Pres. Obama got OBL. On his watch. He deserves the credit and Rep. know they can't take it away from him.
I let them go. My friend still has them, though. I saw Grant at center court last night.
Please follow me? :D
Girl my 40th bday party here on MV Nov 20th. So wish u could be here!!!! I love you so much.
If you don't know who your father is anybody can be your sister or brother
so much pressure to come up with something witty & insightful! I fear I may have over-promised on this twitter thing
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love. - Maya Angelou
a serious SEC issues if this was done to "manipulate" the private market for Twitter shares. The US-DOJ and the SEC take securities fraud
I got some real ass teammates
Been slacking on twitter following but just want to say hi to our new followers!
but oh dear... you don't understand: i don't have to wait!
Perfect weather for the beach,(:
I think you will love either one of them (or both of them!) so there is no losing on this one :)
i'm just now starting to see how that could work. maybe it takes a few years before getting comfy w/ the awkward?
Your suffering is not punishment. It is development. He is making me market place ready! It is a light affliction!
"He got off in Chicago yesterday"
If im following you please follow me!!!!!
Come on 2 more followers!! Please!!
"Half a mill for bail cuz I'm African" - Hardest dude in the game
arlington cinema and draft house... But it isn't easily accessed by metro
some tweets need spoiler alerts, you know.
at least its a pretty hill
Hey look a screaming match on ESPN over the Redskins QB situation.
what dont you do ask me that
why can't everything be good for you ?
: I heard she's a drinker ===> : I know a really smart woman with awesome #business advice ... :-)
ah yaay. fuve more followers til 500. come on people follow me so i can get to my goal. plz
#NF I got you. Appreciate the follow!
Mavs letting Tyson Chandler and JJ Barea walk was bad omen for this season. If D-Will signs in Dallas this summer, another title run coming.
Don't have a sibling coming this weekend? That's okay - you can still come to Rock the Rec tonight at 8!
Can't stop listening to #notyourkindofpeople Which is my fav song?
I have to admit, it really warms my heart when the Puke Blue Devils lose. #Duke stinks. Congratulations #Lehigh!
LitFuse - Japan wins the second World Baseball Classic! I had to give a little shout out for to my Japanese Heritage.
How can you have money for special effects, but not drama, or screenwriting, for that matter? A shame.
My family and I are getting ready for the 's Big Bay Balloon Parade this morning. Should be fun!
Giving me a hair cut when all I wanted was line up
This guy who knows how to piss me off said my last pie tasted like a Werther's Original.
During these times , I just turn on "Step Brothers" — & , and write verses in my iPod ! #Coolin'
Still waiting for my last teammate to check in with weekly points.
You shouldn't be mean to your Mom. Maybe she needs those things at QVC.
Idk how ppl except being normal...good or bad im going to make my name ring bells long after I'm gon, trust me
only if you choose to be (and, btw, there's nothing wrong with that).
Not the iPad, but it's been happening with my iPhone lately.
most participation is viewing. & creation != creative though.
Just got Michael Jackson some black pussy now he's a pussy fiend.
I could urinate upside down if I wanted to.
Way to go med evac via chopper from the in no time off Cuban coast. Seamless. Hats off, & hope she's 'right.
Shout out at the burgess mtg from pres campbell to the "very young man" spearheading social media- go you, whoever u r!
Buying your mom something from Victoria's Secret.
Good morning!
Try out the Application HootSuite, (FREE) You see your FaceBook, Twitter, Myspace, Blogs all on one easy to use Dashboard. NICE! Here is...
Sources: Man seen with backpack with rifle or umbrella attached at Burlington Mall. May not be rifle. Police still searching.
he just did it to me on here because one time I said he didn't like me because he doesn't like me on my other twitter
Morning! We heard now offers new flavors for coffee, the peppermint mocha sounds good! A quick stop is in order :)
I thought Betty White did a stellar job!
Yet who of you would believe one such as me. You might think im nutts, yet it is what it is, and I am as sane as anyone I am blessed by this
I feel your pain. I hate fax machines and they hate me too.
#NeverShouldYouEver diss in front of me... just... don't do it.
more then this<U+E327>
Love is what you've been through with somebody
The taste of your pussy >
yippee for white Christmas!
same , shes getting annoyed asking to go to concerts !
Not so extraordinary. Besides, it might be raining.
Very possible, but Elway harped on getting "impact players". Kuechly is definitely that. Think DM is only RB they take in 1st.
umm I haven't seen you in how long? What's up with that yo?! :(
so like ballroom or break? What part of Fl?
Where can I order one? :D
going back to guitar lessons..
Your writing inspiration of the day: Speakeasy. Prohibition. Not of alcohol. And: GO.
where takin pictures at
Chance makes our parents, but choice makes our friends. -Jacques Delille
Lilac Crowned Amazons Not known for their talking ability, but many become good talkers and singers.
Cnt sleep this bites so much on my brain
Wildin for respect!
them for 2-3 weeks post operative. They heal ALOT faster when wearing the shoes. xo
O shit! I'm late lol...Whats there to do in Atl on Memorial Day??
Wat after school
I am looking forward to your answer to that question!
swag swag swag on you ; )
RT : What makes an amazing Principal? Tell me. My district is hiring.
Ethan used to say "Blablabloopblap" before & when his playing his video games he'll be like "Hmm Oh!". Matt then be like: K fine, ignore me.
Finally it's Spring Break!!
send me stickers!
I'm proud of you
You should start making advertisements too! Lol. Nope I have 105... do you know how much it costs to change it, if possible?
Trackman I dig your production cause you've always had a DIFFERENT sound than most producers in the area. #Respect homie!
Not sure. Been a while since I have played w/ it. If not in the guide then you will have to test it. Sorry.
Had a lot of fun today :)
An American treasure, Eddie Palmieri, is at Yoshis SF all weekend. Don't miss it. Too bad tonight's first set was a technical train wreck.
- great! How'd you like them?
"Eternal Flame" by The Bangles. It's a really pretty song. Your tweets are so heartfelt! : )
Twitter peeps are such a motivating factor in every run! Just checking it from my phone at 6am on a Sat. gets me up & running
I remember when i was little, dancing around my family room in Michigan to Shania Twain & Faith Hill
I didn't say fuck him or is that what he wants?
Filner says again he already laid out his pension plan.
I AM IN NEED OF A MODEL FOR THE COVER OF STREET GROOVE MAGAZINE
I dare you to let me be...Your one and only
Another season has passed and Danny Briere has as many Cup rings as the Sabres. I'd love to hear the media's answer, but I unfollowed them
You are an awesome twitter friend. :-) always enjoy seeing your tweets! and damn! you are fast!
Its gunna be off the hook straight jumpin
Off to Orlando! Wish me luck :)
RT : Tell someone you love them. – We often forget to say it out loud. It matters.
One more hour to share your favorite love song with us for a chance to win 2 tickets to Sat.'s Carnegie Mellon Chamber Orchestra!
just saw you on ESPN U at SEC championship!
If yo child pamper has ever been on more than 6 hours u could never b a good mom u shitty booty baby having biatch
Yay college visits tomorrow...
Thanks for the mentions, fellow humans Fernando Percell () and Lance Paglia ().
#ThingsMyMotherSay clean your room!!!!!
Grown-ups like games too. Going to try my hand at .
Good Morning Milwaukee! Word on the street is, we'll have temps in the 70's this week! What will you be doing around the house?
"why are you laughing? " "haha because my dream is dead"
Looking forward to playing with the boys in Motley Blues tonight.
#hth2012 Silverman noting a bit of "nostalgically futurist". sees threat of loss motivating lot of efforts. Interesting
oh idk y but only optimum TVs can watch my show
Saw #Thefifthengagement it was so funny & sad but it was worth the movie
But he made up for it. Berggren grabs an offensive board and puts two back with the foul
it's pretty damn wonderful.
How do you make a trombone sound like a french horn? Stick your hand in the bell and play all the wrong notes.
yeah. I was wondering if any of you would notice that. Heh.
I'm voting
I hate texting people first. it makes me feel like I'm bothering them.
The cooking with Rhonda Show is hilarious; the cat on top of the fridge lol.
Is it me, or do they keep calling Tamika Catchings Tamika Holdsclaw in the #nbaallstar celebrity game?? Pardone, but get it right folks!
In a Tax prep-spurred office purge I just found a c.1995 AOL install diskette that has followed me through at least 3 moves.
The Box is just a creepy ass moviee...
Chinatown is so awesome definitely have to go there more
Blake just thought he was cool by running and jumping into his car with the top down but his foot clipped the side and he ate shit. Hahaha
10 days till Christmas! Better start wrapping presents!!!
but I'm thinking they have a ways to go before competing with LinkedIn, thoughts?
#20ThingsAboutMe i am NOT a morning person.. haha
good call beer bistro beerhoptacular judge man!
but will be fun this-coming week with Mass Chaos concert with Godsmack and Staind!
If the Darkness are a "joke," then 90 percent of "serious" hard rock bands have a lot of catching up to do.
Smooth! Looking fresh.
I'm glad u know we're wild & I bet that's one of the reasons y u love us haha
I love Living!!! It is f**kin' GREAT!!
let my change that 158. Jealous?
catch us on fri at with SW corner 7th and Santa Fe 6pm with and
yo! I found them! They were like stuffed under the seat in a corner
Auburn fans are happy you made the right choice too! WE!
one more day of this 4day volleyball practice then a 3 day break from it . (:
What?? No way! Do stink-bugs eat lettuce?? ;) I need a goldfish... PS - congrats on the new job and moving home!!!!!!!!!
she in the top 5 for me tho
Threshholdin right now
bitch! I think I'll just go back to Cancun.. I didnt need a phone there.
and death threats against at least one family member, as well as emotional outbursts against others due to the alcohol and drugs;....
Has anyone seen my red hat?
HOW WAS THE SHOW TONIGHT??
Come into Lottie's for lunch...or drinks.
is there a non-Facebook link to the touch a truck event?
Wheelchair basketball the rage in at Wisconsin-Whitewater
Two years ago today I became an illustrious woman of Alpha Kappa Alpha. Love you S.S. Harmonious Aw8kening!
YES! I want to know if Stevie Nicks' Fajita Roundup is still open!
“To be a Christian means to forgive the inexcusable because God has forgiven the inexcusable in you.” <U+2015> C.S. Lewis
TOMORROW @ 7PM. BE ON THIS PAGE.
You craven lackeys won't get another penny from me. Susan G Komen: Helping Poor Women Die of Cancer since 2012
LOVE IT!
What a great idea! Looking forward to this. “: So, a new project is now before me.”
Lol I missed the sounds of merengue blasting in cars passing by my window
getting off be back on later. i love you all. and so does ! Bye #woof <3
Wish I were there! :-)
RT Great! enjoy the show. Fingers crossed on the weather ;)
Would love to share some creative ideas ; )
my friend who is black was followed throughout the store by security he told the clerk he was being profiled,
Maybe you're right. Don't hold it against me.
Learned the hard way that bottled black cherry juice tastes a lot like beet juice. "Black Cherry Juice: It's Good! (In Theory)"
you KNOW for what.
I had an awesome day today!
Who is at the #box party in #NYC? A few key players here.
Of course. You're a Pulitzer winner!
All my friends rave about Country Cat - guess I'm going to have to get there one day soon.
Lakers gonna fuck around and lose this series smh
Just watched a man open the car door 4 his wife in the WalMart Parking lot. Treating her like a queen no matter where they are. I LOVE THAT!
Diiabetuus RT : And with that news, Willard Mitt Romney is set to top Wilford Brimley as the biggest Mormon star ever.
Everybody's walking around coupled up making me sad. Is this how y'all "jump offs" feel ALL the Time? Dang
Blessing to you as well!
Have You Ever Smelled Moth Balls? ...... How Did You Get Those Little Legs Open?
Who's ready for it to be Friday?
It says a school bus was rearended. But the damage is to the front of the bus. There's a semi in front of it. Get it right.
Such a homey environent .<U+270C>full
Just watched Charlie Sheen being interviewed,he's right.everybody should just back off!!!
what!? blasphemy!
#FourHomerMe it was Shawn Green with the Dodgers.
So as I was walking around NYC in the sweltering heat I spotted and had to purchase the raddest pair of leather shorts ever created....
-- if you consider trading some of your new drawers "buying," then yes
Who knew Andy Grammer is so attractive!?
Of Course... I Have Children & I Know I Would Want All The Help I Could Get If Either Of Them Were Dealing With Cancer..
Hate when people say 'you cant turn a hoe into a housewife', what if your mom was a hoe?
I use it for instagram-tumblr-Facebook & twitter workflow. Its sweet!
Thanks for the drink sir, but who is Lorraine?
It took me 10 minutes to figure out what to tweet. So I just tweeted this.
Oh look, a Star Wars marathon on Spike. This is shaping up to be the nerdiest Thanksgiving weekend ever.
every pack fan is with you
Y'all all yellin free boosie when he is the reason behind hundreds of murders in Lousiana. Smh y'all are pathetic
I said it at the beginning of the year and all you bulls fans, Laker fans, Mavs fans etc laughed.. Now look where all ur teams are
Headed to circle bar
They are 100% certified USDA organic
WHAT THERE IS A SHOW CALLED "AMERICAN NINJA WARRIOR"?!!!
Y'all are beautiful.
Who HAS met Austin?(:
Ready for a great day with the family at a cattle show!
Andy Pettite pitching in #ROC is great and unusual, but also more reason, I think, should do whatever takes to get w/
I DNT TRY TO GET TO CLOSE N PERSONAL WITH MY FRIENDS CUZ SOME CAN TURN THERE BACKS!! I KEEP A TIGHT CIRCLE AROUND ME!!!
Next up a Dominican ..then im done tasting the flavors of life...
As summer winds down, what was the most inappropriate outfit that you saw at work? Respond to #polishd-image. Pls RT
iPhone's autocorrect function has really messed me up when writing emails on my laptop: I just expect words to fix themselves!
On #FF is closing in on 4,500 followers. Help put us over the top & RT to your friends.
I need this dreamchaser2.. datpiff on sum bull!
Doritos bribe commercial by far the best!
Last Night Was Like WoW Lol
I heard they suck....
I do want universal healthcare, screw the insurance companies and the pharmacuetal (sp) companies
Since he fell asleep on me.
I voted in the Newark Public Schools Advisory Board Race. Get out and vote people. Your voice matters.
order plain tickets, cali is the mission...girl put in work girl girl put in work
I just saw that you're a #SOA fan. I hope you follow
Thank you for the RT - good times will be had! It being dark might help my golf game.
RT If you don't fuck with me 24/7, don't bother fuckin' with me at all.
And then you turn around and call yourself a musician... Get a band. Make real music
Cafe closing...more later
UTD like Kagawa and he appeals to their global branding too but Jovetic/Hazard are better built for them/EPL season. Just my take.
I really didn't expect group work to suck equally in grad school as it did in college/high school/elementary school/kindergarten…
until this day like I said since manning bs screw irsay
not easy, not easy...
ugh. lol you just love fights don't you!(;
Kudos to #SNL for having the character from the movie parenthood as tonight's musical guest. #whoisrobyn?
no invite lol j.p what did u see
RT : I dream of a world in which chickens can cross the road without anyone questioning their motives.
RT : 3 more Mondays left in the school year
Time to just have a good time with out worrying all the time #cutlose <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
<U+200E> claims a larger theater lobby is needed to bring the building up to code. E-mail the Union and demand they show a inspector report.
Ready to get down today??? :) follow me please???
Maybe next time... :)
'Thank you for Steaming with the Authority'
Waken up next to a bad bitch n a blunt
welpp, guess i really do have to clean my car haha blah, ill see you 2moro when we bomb the ap test haha love you chica!
A human alone of all beings has choice of action. Others are denied this priviledge. They merely live out their inherent nature.
do none of the idiots that are among the thousands at wal-marts across the US currently not realize deals are just as good online at home?
I agree with you that it'll drop his numbers, though the dates of potential polls & the ad buys will be important to note
Found Warriors of Rock for $4 at target today. I now have two copies.
Nortel worker testifies profitability bonus booked before results known - CTV.ca
Really wish Suzie would came in with a submachine Uzi
alone with some Philip Glass.
RT Lord have mercy! I really am ready for a vacay! me too!
Stop in to see the new artwork!
Hot tea and a warm blanket with a stuffy nose, sore throat and headache is heaven
She is Dark wearing a white dress with gladiator sandels on dirt!
Not that we know of. What are you trying to do? We have contacts to some machine shops.
The dance was cool...
Raul looks like he's going to shank someone with a shiv and shiv someone with a shank.
with the help of my phone and Bèyonce I will name my child white ivy.
I know I have imbibed too much caffeine when I start adding lots bang(!)'s to my code comments
I feel like a failure... I got through only 10 minutes of practice until my shoulders hurt...
Good skate tonight, getting ready for
Thank you for the free show on Saturday!
I can't even bring myself to drink. Fuck.
Hey, -> Would love to finally swing by the ranch when my colleague Trung Le and I are in the Bay area May 16th - 18th. Doable?
Oh wow yours looks really awesome.. Mine needs tons of work & a rename. Finding time lately has been harder then I thought.
RT : Our docs & staff w/#Colts DB providing free socks, shoes & foot exams to homeless men at Wheeler Mission 2nite
TY.. and to you to BM
#TheOffice: 'Sometimes the people I work with are idiots...and by sometimes I mean all the time.' What would I do without this show?!
happy almost Canada day! Wish I could be there to see the epic pod decor ;)
Note to self: writing conference presentation proposals is always more difficult than I expect it to be…
i hate my face . ya
thanks for the grat show Christmas Enjoy your break see u in Feb
that's fine. Baltimore doesn't want the Colts anyway.
Have you seen that show Extreme Couponing? OMG, I just totally got sucked in-but WTH do you do w/ all that stuff?
Please tell me more about your service!...:>), Thanks!
We're smitten with the #ValentinePairs we've received, but would love to see more! Share with us: What's your favorite #ValentinePair?
Think conspiracy theory meets pork.
so glad there's no school Friday
Sounds like 50 trains roaring through my neighborhood right now.
Was in a tornado in #corpuschristi ! It was super scary! My family and I had to go in our hall closet
nice to see you're finally tweeting! Welcome :)
": Students are required to show ID to get into the Hillman Library. Security is checking bags." so watch yourself
My mom bought me a Asking Alexandria and Falling In Reverse shirt and a Black Veil Brides wallet :D
Shift geek culture such that sentences that start "It would be cool if..." could easily end with "...everyone had clean water."
I spent 20 years in Indy. 13 at Conner Prairie. Love both cities.
I missed u too
Nights like this....I wish....
Sign me up for one of those!
Thanks for offer of tix if you hear of getting any. Email got indicated tix = non-transferable. But *shrug*?
What is the best way to hunt bear ?With your clothes off.
awwwuh! you know I love you too Chiquilla! <3
Painkiller type of morning - allergy season had me coughing, and a 4-year-old had his feet in my back all night long - allergies, too.
word homie :) been a while since I've been in the Valley. eager to make return. let you know when; should toast to old times :)
In my previous life i was a sound wave.
Awesome RT : just tapped the Frontal Labottleme IPA. Come try this beer from one of SD's newest breweries!
What a lovely, sunny day of May in Prague!! Let´s go to enjoy it!!
I'm done. I hate you all.
How am i clingy?
Dyed hair! C:
RT : That Awkward Moment When a Virgin Cant Go in On a #TT Like #ThingsiDoDuringSex >.<
I Love This Kid !!! I'm sucker for great songwriting and FAB Vocals!
And love. Lots and lots of love, of course.
Happy we don't have this problem: Lawsuit alleges that at Countryside golf course in Florida golfers drank feces-contaminated water..yuck!
Hey if your out there..what kinda stone/ring is that on your wedding finger? Looks pretty cool in tv land.
“: Only true friends go straight to your refrigerator when they go to your house.” this is you
Leprechaun stole me marijuana .... Dag nabbit !!
I'm not sure what 34 means. It was so long ago in my case! ;) stay young and stay free! See you around.
Amanda marries the love her life in one week (and a day!)!!! Meetings all morning to make sure everything is perfect! <3
Gd m lol ppl horny this morning on the TL im not i got some bomb last nite and this morning #thatpart RT if u got some wake up this morning
HR Generalist Certificate Programs available today!!
Who here am I not following? Who here has a fucking awesome Twitter?
Just got a new phone! !!
Today's Frosh Baseball game at LaSalle is PPD; no word yet on JV but if LaSalle's surface isn't ready, I doubt the 21st Ward's will be :)
Jerry Kill 4 President!
Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts.
If I could , could forget him I would PLEASE believe me!!!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
that's obvious (:
Hey twitter people...please tweet me everyday to and tell him you want me on the show!
“: This country is so beautiful” Yes it is!
thanks for trying again, hope you like! Follow us on twitter to find out when the film is coming back your way!
I wish I could shoot 25 times and only have 22 points !
Will I win the iPad 2? Pretty please.
Work/life balance: I has it! Yay!
#15peopleilove Sorry. Can't name 15 people, but 15 animals? Lassie, Mr. Ed, "Eddie," my 3 dogs & 1 cat, Secretariat, Affirmed, Alydar, etc.
Some big names up for Latin Artist of the Year. It goes to #AMAs. Love her. Totally deserves it. She looks amazing!
Busy, busy, BUSY! :-) But good. I see is ROLLING! All good!
ain't no thought to it ;)
Finally, I have a day to get this cold completely out of my system. I'm almost there.
Sounds delightful. Did it rain the entire time you were in Cali?
What everyone wants from life is continuous and genuine happiness
note to self: learn how to make a decent whiskey sour
welcome so wats up?
Did you know 87% of Americans say that a smile from a stranger will boost their day? So make someone's day and flash your smile!
what are your cut predictions? -5 now, my best guess somebody has a better round today and gets to at least -7
Some people ask me, "How can you work with all those women?!" -- I say, "Don't be jealous!"
Listening to Blackstreet-Before I Let You Go lol . Okay really goodnight now :)) FETISH HOUSTON TONIGHT !!!!!
I found the source of all my stress.
That too, though they have questionable ethics.
Who wants a s/o for my 100.0000000th tweet?
Well the game's still going on so there's no summary as of yet.
Putting in headphones to drown out the analysis of 's support of gay marriage. SURPRISE! He has an opinion.
not much of The Oregonian after Sundance. Heard too disturbing for some there.
Victorias secret with my mom and gf? #awkward lmfao
Choices that we make or fail to make in the coming years about sustainable energy will determine what world future generations will inherit.
Happy Valentine's Day - you can enjoy what you eat, as long as you work hard tomorrow!
It’s never the platform, it’s always the message. -
i enjoyed the corn dog pizza it was better than i thought. Thanks. It has me looking forward to
Pukin out the taxi on north capitol and h
no prob! Let me know if you still want more of a challenge. But these are a killer...great for core!
Last day of work in San Diego before my move to Los Angeles!!! #I'mMoving toLosAngeles !!!
Lots and lots of print, email and web marketing materials in the works today!
So Alex Green wasn't supposed to be the one to back up Grant?Because it looked that way to me 1st couple games.
Magic city Mondays before I leave tomorrow!!!
finally figure out what put everyone in a pissy mood!?
ANY #ARIANATORS , #BELIEBERS , #SELENATORS , #VICTORIANS OR ANYONE WANT A PHOTO EDITED, TWEET IT TO !!! SHES AMAZING :D
Love Travel, Love History? www.TravelandHistory.com
Still hurting from my first jog in two years... I should have stayed away from that two block incline... I knew it...
Firsts time on the air since May 4, 2009. Post hitting bitch I is....
This Friday night movie night 6pm Join us for some free fun :)
Benefit of cycling on trainer #1: if you are an idiot & know nothing about gears, you can watch while you shift.
No RT can me & my guy get a GO SPURS from ya?
No lol I think that might belong to :) He turned me on to the show!
Zuzu is hopping today! What are you doing?
ilove my life realtalk could ask for any other i love my sisters/bf/bffs/all my other supporters
“: Thank you Homeland Security for not letting my AMERICAN son into AMERICA!” ridiculous!
i have my catherine chase horse necklace all ready to be worn for the derby!
Books4teenboys....KICK by w.d.myers....realistic fic...soccer+crime....quick/easy read, but sure to appeal to lots of mode school rders
Local group to provide basic street medic training for #NATOSummit protesters. has the story tonight @ 9p on #FoxChicago News
youu lien!! I do that too :O !! I never met someone whoo does that lmfao
I cheated on my money with a fuckin bitch but my money loyal she stuck around n shit
Thanks for the SO!
I'm allergic to fuck niggas and slimeballs, and y'all be keepin dem fuck niggas around y'all
<== that's this nut ball! Lol
10 more days till me on a boat with friends, drinks, sun, beaches, and good times in M-E-X-I-C-O. Yippee!
Thank you for following mee!! <21
Building my home shoe factory and proud to say all my shoes and assecorries are going to be made in America.
We are the source for all worldly info MT : Fun fact I learned at #smbmad - batteries are Made in Wisconsin!
We must learn to let go of old emotional baggage that prevents us from being able to receive and move forward in life.
I all of a sudden love the smell of lavender. I used to hate it. Does this mean I'm turning into an adult?
The Green no goal against the Pens from 24/7 where they showed the war room. Luckily got to relive that again and again.
Home from my first day as an intern at the ! Not gone for long as back down to the station in an hour for some training!
Is there a better set of Metro / windows phone UI guidelines than the ones at msdn.microsoft.com. I hate their interface.
just left my house.
lol ain't u gonna need it when u move in
Gotta keep it movin
Good Sunday!
solo party
Best of both worlds: You're your own boss, but don't have to calculate self-employment taxes!
Word the Bills 3-0 smell like the
plus, posting them gives my dad funny things to talk to me about on the phone. :)
And so it begins...Victor Cruz will be cutting the ribbon to open Mercedes Benz Fashion Week next Wednesday in NYC.
Thanks for adding #WASU to the new lineup!
wahhh my poor Marilyn Manson is sad you don't like him ='(
#WhenAustin is in that crazy, hyper mood on UStream and dances to everything. <3
Today's inspiration “: I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed”
do u ever wish u could have anything or anyone so much u start actually trying to make it happen
Tomorrow is Monday, That's a good enough excuse to join us for a cold beer on 13th & Vine! Drink Well, Drink OTR, Drink Lackman!
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be. ~Grandma Moses
Playing on stereo while my wife and newborn son sleep.
Trying to grade LAST paper while waiting for Thursday's midnight deadline.
Don't hate the player, hate the game
Omg my bestie just took a pic wit my favorite rapper of all time Lil twist going bananas rite now!!!!!!!!!!!O:-)
As I roam through my old Facebook messages, I noticed we argued like we were married. I miss you. Should of never let you go... Oh well. :P
We hope everyone had a safe and enjoyable St. Patrick's Day!
#Mariners' bats are back to their normal vanilla ways
FOLLOW BACK BRUH..
The anarchists have a great day
GTWT Fashion Show 2012 is in the works! Setting up catering, lighting, entertainment... it's going to be BIG!
This. RT : Remember, Pena hit 3 homers last season, all in Texas. It's as good a place as any for Hosmer to get right.
Mental health an ingredient for good physical health: Can you be physically healthy when you are not mentally healthy? This is such a...
Thank you so much. it's so hard to act like nothings wrong dude i need to get myself together and i will. Fuck.
hm but you're dreaming of the love of your life but you're single? Dreams are crazy aren't they?
Hi! Thanks. :) RT : HII I FOLLOW YOU GREETINGS :)
we had the option to walk the track or play softball, and i was the only girl playing -_-
NO.... Maybe... Yeah I was like 16 seconds ago : [ LOL
Take Your Music Serious, Upgrade Your Sound with Our Mastering & Mixing
Antidepressants may compromise romantic love because they enhance serotonin levels
Bottom line is...if Zimmerman would've stayed his bitch-ass in the car (LIKE HE WAS TOLD!!) Trayvon would still be here today..
don't. Worry you got this
THIS! RT : Start 2012 on a positive note: Take action & get involved with the Volunteer Center.
Fixing hamburgers and baking cookies go me
which song?
#Aaliyah why"d u have to go ?
Derek Jeter is now 16th on the All-Time hit list with 3,143 as he surpasses Robin Yount.
I don't follow trends....I create them
Trapped between golf obsessed men on a seven hour flight in heavy discussion. What did I o to deserve this???
So great to see your pairing with on Good to see you!
Fun night!
GRIND OCTOBER's specialty drink is Pumpkin Spice Chai. Any size cups 12oz, 16 oz, or 20oz. You can get it HOT or over ICE.
Awe! I cant wait to see you without braces!<3 I still have until July!D:
We've been getting some awesome contributions from you guys lately! Keep it up! (^_^)
Tigers Earn No. 6 Seed in NCAA Women&#39;s Water Polo Championship
Truth & Sage Shit! ---->RT I believe in timing & being virtuous while patiently working hard. Sound weird but it works.
guess what it's Saturday big hair n lots of makeup night lol
“: thanks for the #FF !” any recommendations for my brother in Nashville Tn? #HireAVet has safety, firefighter, & EMT exp
RETWEET THIS IF U KNW THE HEAT AND THE THUNDER ARE GOIN 2 BE IN THE FINALS THIS YEAR
Shower to wake up...and now for another round of studying with
You're exempt. :)
Genuinely unnerving news #hide RT Look out, : it's National High Five Day and I'm coming for you.
#BuildYourFans - If you are serious about your art you have to be serious about marketing and promotion. Get Real Fans not just Followers!
Mt Vernon run & stroll down King St. listening to Uke\Brewers-DC on MLB radio. High-5'd guy w brewers thro-back T.
Back to website construction....will let you know when it is complete.
Senate hearing concluded. Now time to write a post on what Congress still doesn't understand about net neutrality. But lunch first.
KHI will accomplish this through partnerships with local homeless shelters.
We will be issuing a Halloween at High Noon challenge to members of our ReverbNation mailing list/Street Team in the next week. Stay...
proud papa!
I remember fun..
omw now boo
Anything above 89 is basically the same thing
hope you enjoyed the DVD!
NIC Sentinel wins Best of Show in CPA New York
Was the phrase "physics of information" (or words, text, language) used?
maybe tomorrow night?
eating lunch next to a guy with a missing ear. It's revolting. It looks the way a Vulcan vagina probably does.
Where do you do your (academic, not pleasure) reading? Desk & chair? Couch? Comfort or structure?
old school Maxwell is the best! Put a little funk and r&b in your life..... it's good for your soul I promise!
Nap time now.
Just got qdoba for free!!!!
never heard of that. Pretty cool!
The Bucks face the Toronto Raptors tonight at 7 p.m. ET. Go, Bucks!
#AngelinaJolie's arms look like they've shrunk to 2D.
That's what I thought when they said I was influential about cows. MO.
Forecast for Monday: Low clouds in the morning then mostly sunny. Highs 64 to 69 near the coast to 69 to 74 inland....
you are the best
tryna get MN things back in order
Real men eat ass
What's really scary is how is in a position to murder "cracker babies" and children in hospital.
How did people 20 years ago live without knowing, to the minute, when a storm was going to hit their street? Crazy.
Good news is your life is composed of systems that get what you want from life. So improve your systems, improve your life.
Thank you both for helping me, I ended up winning!
you can have the hills. Martin has no such hills. What was your time? Congrats
thanks! But I think imgonna change it back
I offer Content Marketing Strategies Assisting BizOwners+IndiePros Build Following+Expand Platform+AudienceReach! Also CoHost
Canucks’ Daniel Sedin vs. Blackhawks’ Duncan Keith: What they’re saying
Just walked past a large group of teabaggers...Anyone seen the movie Idiocracy? Nough said.
UC wins last night should be enough to get at large bid. They r finally winning the big national t.v. games!
Banana Republic didn't have what I wanted, so I tried God-Forsaken Hellhole.
Fichera & Miller are petitioning the United States Supreme Court to hear the Purcell Case and review the Feres Doctrine.
who are you hoping wins the #worldseries tonight? Since Texas beat my Tigers, go Cardinals!! Have a great night everybody!
they need to make a True Life about it lol
if theres a god he's a chiropractor lol
How The Fuck Can Alex Flores Be down to fight me again if he aint down to fight a 5' 4" kid from Chaparral?
part cash & most in unpriced FB shares? Totes! Fb isn't handing out real money
Thanks for the follow and don't foget to wear your sunscreen.
Glad I wasn't 1: Utility crews working all night 2 restore power. At 12a had 172k customers 2 go, 100k
good night
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 41
Listen bub, if you're not going to use this account just give it to me; I will actually use it.
tmrs my birthday(:
How do I get an audition for your stage musicals? Been trying for YEARS to no avail.
FREE tix to #Canton Museum of Art's National Art Show "Meet Your Match" this wknd, 4/28-29. Email for yours!
You're welcome :)
#ilovewhen there is no one home and i get the chance to sing my heart out!
More mutual friends discovered at with and : - known through the lively !
love your poetry! Great visuals and word choices!
Great balcony seats at the #knicks game!
Sweeney is a smooth athlete with a silky smooth stroke, Ross has oppo power and great range. love the options theyll have in RF
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures
it fell apart :'(
Thanks for listening!!
Im talking about the overall case as a whole. Especially in light of all the details coming out (the pic of blood head, ect
.. smfh, if we were talking to a girl, and he interrupted to agree with that girl, then he'd be a lil Ron :P
your gay in your bed room tho
We are on a similar schedule! My D5 Transfer was on Feb 19. Best of luck to you! This is hard, right?!
lmao your weird
What doesnt kill you makes you stronger
Thanks to consumer pressure, I get to keep wasting my life watching practically anything I want on my television! Yay!
Yes, I saw that someone tweeted about how every time she sees something re: SOPA/PIPA she craves warm pastry! :-)
No human being can explain
you headed out? Safe travels. If you come through Indiana look me up.
Thank you, Bill Johnson, for messing with my head. See if I ever think the same again. And thanks for the half-hug, too. Awkward, but nice.
Diversity & crisis comms panel taking questions. Anything you guys want to ask?
Stuck in the Middle !! You were close! Lol!
I'd rather buy fakes. Actually fakes are looking better and are reasonably priced along with being widely available.
All children deserve an arts eduction! Come to our happy hour/open house tonight! 342A 9th Street in San Francisco.
I know so many outliers.
With my baby:-)
Amen for Kendra and Chris Boone's genetic makeup they so lovingly passed on to us...
As I think about the friends, neighbors, colleagues and others in my life, I feel I have a lot of neighbor-cousins. Thanks for being there!
only if you have to reboot.
Just 'cause I said it...don't mean I meant it.... Got an Adele song stuck in my head.
oh... that's better...?! sorry you're swamped :(
Cast your cares upon the Lord, for he cares about you. I Peter 5:7 #jesustweeters -- FunDave ()
Falcons have agreed to a 4-year, $3.588 million contract with 2nd-round center Peter Konz that includes a $1.05 million signing bonus
Thanks for all your work to shed light on lies and deception at komen. Rockstar fact investigator!!
got my B back in government (:
hands, and they are thick gloves, try stuffing your finger into a trigger when you need to shoot it. 2/2
yes please
Joe B will have a profile on Sven Bartschi on tonight's Sports Sunday. 11:35PM on KGW.
Dear cereal box manufacturers, it's 2012, I know you can come up with something better.
Hi. Hope you're well. I see on TV all the time!
Congrats to our 10 raffle winners from last week's lunch and learn w/ And for prizes!!
Address for casting call 365 north Illinois street, be there on August 20th
Carrie: "he totally wants your panties." : "he wants all our panties!" #twitterlesscarrie "he can have mine"
and try and get your phone back too! Haha
Let's pray for Ray. Lol.
I watch your movies every night because my girlfriend is obsessed with you. Haha, but it's cool. You're amazing
for real?! Come on man give me a break haha.
In Seattle week after shoulder surgery and still in pain with little mobility. Where should I play online while in US? Commerce mix soon tho
Fat Girls in Yoga Pants <<<<<<
i <3 fat pants
Congrats to for winning a prize at the Austin event!!
one of the bes documentaries I've ever seen..ever
things to do, people to kill.
I love when a plan comes together without formulating one-
I've got an intermittent tremor in my right hand/arm. Had it for a year or two. Someone tell me it's not Parkinson's, please.
I'm taking up one much space.
Courageously taking a leap of faith is often a prerequisite for reaching obtainable goals.
yeah thats true jaZZY
Found a bizarre mistake in a rec today: Bib claims the London Haydn Quartet recorded their String Quartet Op 20 disc in Bristol... uhh no...
It's been quiet here in twitter. #TeamOtenki, where are you? @ mention us! Let's chat - E
If we were playing Barca, Sagna would have just conceded a "penalty"
Is it sad that its 10 pm and I cant wait to go to bed!?!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the wonderful moms out there. We love you!
Well welcome! When's the NIYP wrap party ;)
(twitter) show log Success, but something was missing. Maybe you’ve scaled some heights, still no satisfaction. Today @ 3p EST
SACRAMENTO BOUND in t-minus 9 DAYS!! =D
#MyGuys DEAD GOT ME MAD N I DON'T KNOW HOW SMH
the president of marketing for the Clippers should be fired for telling Clipper Darrel he would GIVE him 2 TICKETS to stop being a fan!
Happy Hour today 3-7 PM! Snacks and unbelievable margaritas!
Pssst! Are you following us on twitter? - spread the word!
whoops forgot
I think I wanna do an online auditon for x-factor :))) !!!
moscado friday is tonight free moscado all night for the ladys and ladys are free before 2 am 2451 walnut riidge-dallas tx 75229
On my way to dinner at Scotch and Sirloin! Can't wait!
will Sean Payton become some sort of broadcaster for espn or one of the other networks?
soft kitty warm kitty little ball of fur
I don't know who you are, but I love you.
RT:“: On 's dick just after 12pm. #Rush #EIB”
I love you (:
Thanks so much!! RT : love your new logo!
I really hope so too =)
In Cville for the next couple days. Hit yo boy up
I kinda really wish someone would have smashed my head in with a baseball bat right before I agreed to be "team mom" for 5 yr olds T-ball
I wonder if the lakers won last night, cause i'm wearing the Jersey that I can fit now for the first time that I've had since I was 6
! RT : Key to surviving in a bureaucracy is to always know which way NOT to turn your back.
Perfect. I'll have my assistant get some time for us.
Oh Daygo, how I miss you!!!! Sigh
You 2 actually have a LOT of common interests, now that I think about it! Could a collaboration be far behind?
Who is joining for our 10th Anniversary tonight?
Change your #future #today. Don’t let the past hold you back. Be what you know you were meant to be. SeanLetwat
great manifestation!
. Just as windy today! Hope you didn't forget the Aqua Net this morning.
:D why thank you
watching #DisappearedID and it makes me sad whem i watch them ):
great meeting you last night!
where do you work out? :)
I wanna hold your heart in both hands. I'll watch it fizzle at the bottom of a Coke can.
Half Price Wednesday is here!!! Try one our new Bordeaux blends....que magnifique!
Why did it have to come to this?!?!? C'mon o state!!!!
Senior champs here I come!
#Lakers roll on!
My headphones on charge
“: Meow RT : yet again pussy make the world go round” <<<<<this
It was a great pleasure to record the voices in the gallery. We reviewed the sound and thought it sounded great.
Just accepted a -sick- show offer, and it's not too far off! Details soon, get ready for the comeback.
Rest In Power Chuck Brown
Same here! RT : Crazy day today! Got a late start because of a doctor's appointment, and playing catch up ever since!
LOL. what kinda socialist preschool y'all go to going to an arts fest?!
one of the programmatic ideas assist in what Kant called "the release of man [sic] from his [sic] self-incurred tutelage."
At the hard rock getting ready to go on with 's band is sounding great!
My mom is driving my car; I'm in the passenger seat..Did I buckle up? No. is right; there's something about my car and this seat.
Considering where Stanford is, it's odd that they teach their CS ramp-up sequence using Java and C++.
idk dude. lmfao that was so terrible. and we got in trouble for sneaking out -_- and we werent even drinking or anything!
its also I gift bro support is real important
_Thank you_ I couldn't make the festival, so it's good to experience it vicariously via your pics and 's tweets.
Um, I'm freaking about the LENGTH of the season, LOL
Good morning everyone <3
Welcome to the weekend! Nice way to chill check out some new tunes!
#limousine service discounts for twitter www.5-star-limos.com
Hello Twitternation! Today is a great day!
follow bck please x
Thanks for the RT!
just my ipod on shuffle
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore. - Yogi Berra
Let them hate so long as they fear.<br> (Oderint Dum Metuant)
"Love, Love, Love Fit2go" Thank you Desiree :)
MT : I really wish I could go to the LearnRT pre-conference at #ala12. It's at Disney & discusses their approach to quality service
Moving Forward In Life
I been trying to slow down for years and every year I burn more then the last ..
What can I say...natural athlete. I can do 6.5 at a 10min/ml pace.
AND HIS BROTHER IS MAX AZRIA! bcbg. wow this is all coming together for me... interesting...
I am. Hope you're having a GREAT day too!!!---Last one had a typo! LOL!!
Earthquake not in Baltimore
lol are you gonna help me then?
you should check out
Oh, happy belated birthday, Thomas Pynchon—whoever/wherever you are!
New Country Star is all jacked up for Season 7 ------ Are Ya Ready For It?
RT : Elene Kagan will B a devastating blow2 liberty, the Constitution, r Bill of Rights!PLS call ur senators!
(...map worked better in Safari than Firefox for me.)
3 weeks worth of archives work undone in approx. 3 days. Re-organization: take 3.
It's a widespread epidemic! I blame Lady Gaga and her shenanigans ;)
Coding some things on Flash Builder.
Is there a way for both teams to lose in the final game?
RT : Sitting on pit box for the race today. Should be a big learning day for Here we go!
thats one way to put it lol
Well hell, looks like I need to start playing :).
Holy crap! That is awesome.
the part about "think about how your classroom learning is engaging...can u translate to social?" was awesome inspiration.
We wish you all a fun, relaxing, safe Christmas, Holiday, Hanukkah...everyhing!
I hate "doughnuts" vs. the simpler, more elegant and Homer-approved "donuts." The sweet deep-fried treats are just fine.
I've never really been in town for Texas relays but everyone in Austin seems pretty racist to me right now.
--Good to know, thanks for that I'll have to look into it!
This whole shaving twice a week thing is getting old.
Hooker's complicated man: officers hated him, his men loved him. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan #CivilWar $2.99 Amazon?Kindle
“: #Eagles receive a 7th rounder from the Falcons, No. 229 overall. Now have 10 picks in tomorrow's draft.” >>> and cap space
I just wanna run, right now. I haven't worked out in forever
Lmao I'm about to have a heart attack!! RT U gettin nervous man??
You watch SMASH, real Hulk? I'd be interested in what you have to say about that car wreck.
Some things are better left alone.
is in charge of my schedule for the next three days. I am afraid, very afraid.
Open Tues-Sat 11-7, Closed Sundays; private parties/meeting space & catering on Mondays. Stop by tomorrow for some meatball lollipops!
ain't nowhere else!! Chicago style!!
It's not even my birthday , but he wanna lick the icing off ;p
Ohh I didn't know i was on your account i forgot i have to wath what i say.
TIP: How many questions does your business get every day? You can turn your answers into valuable content!
- Yeah! Just peeped that catalog recently. "Return to Santa Monica" - what's *that* about?
Flyers shouldve beaten that shitty Bruins team, Bryzgalov doesnt touch the puck once during shootout.
miss the imperfect person who could make you perfectly happy"
What was the first record or CD that you bought?
Economics, Spanish, APUSH, and English!
No! It's can't be over for another year. I am so sad.
Welcome #Y2J a triumphant return
#fiber artist Lewis Knauss & #textile artist Harshita Lohia "So You Want to Be an Entrepreneur" May 2nd
znxksn I wanna meet you do bad, I've seen you 6 times and I've never met you :(
I'm not thrilled with most of the people I've seen who are participating, but I'm thrilled with participation. So...hey.
I dnt have time to hate ppl who HATE me, cuz im to damn busy LUVN' EVERYONE who LUVS me in my Life ;) LML!!!
Right now, bin Laden is in hell, and he just heard these words: "Bend over"
totally agree on both points, AG ...
This Monday started off terrible. God, please let it end well.
THIS THURSDAY MAYBACH MUSIC TAKES OVER #ECHELON3000 LIVE WELCOME TO MY HOUSE PARTY LADIES FREE ALL NITE LONG
Let me know what kind of response you get. B/c I totally think about doing that too.
little stop copying my tweets... I tweeted something like this last week...
All we need is 1 more follower!
Looks great
Hurricane Irene is coming to New York !
Churchin at faithful central at 6am and westA on Easter Sunday!bet u wish u were me!..lol
How in the hell in that happen?!
I don't want to go to school today.
Inspiration: 1. arousal of the mind to special unusual creativity 2. a special influence of a divinity on the minds of human beings.
For larger lunch parties we do have the Private Estate room available, call today to inquire about your next lunch meeting.
*calls him back*
Thanks for coming in girls!
lol,you know it
Agree - what a beautiful chair- beautiful pattern
Helping my dad paint the porch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
As a trainer educate, listen & learn with your client. It makes all the difference in everyone's outlook and day.
and white horse by taylor swift, that's always been one of my favorite songs
got a 0 in math today <U+E411>
Man lets go!!! Make this 3-3 Denver!
I drove clean thru a red light fucking with Twitter
When Joan Rivers cries I cry. :'(
The creative act is not performed by the artist alone; the spectator brings the work in contact with the external world by deciphering...
I really have my finger on the pulse of cereal brands.
- team intro tonight lasted longer than the time the offense were on the field in the first half - #firespaz NOW!
well the random arm in the corner is sharp. It is artistic.
YOUR AWSOMEEE!!!! i felt the need to say that (: you got a fan rightt herreee :D bahahaha
Happy Wed!!
Please keep Bengals WR Chris Henry in your prayers as he is currently on life support.
this Sunday 7pm Random Row Books, March's Secretly Yall: At War. We hope you'll come out and hear some amazing stories.
Shit is about to get serious today and this week in the
Motivated to get some exercise by all these people on Twitter running marathons and getting in shape.Plus sitting is the harbinger of death.
Yes, I figured it was hackers. Their tricks are easy to recognize.
I think it'll be during summer if the NYC one is..
Not sure if the Born This Way Ball ticket is expensive, or I am just poor..
Hope you have your frames by Friday so I can judge in person! Glasses, gr8 fashion accessory!
we will be up NY Saturday! Will you be around??
I do. But last night I blacked out on beauty. Moment in Time Tho
thank you + nope! it's part of a poster the lovely created after hearing big tall pines. we're in love with it.
It happens
- Trenchtown Rock always puts me in a good mood.
Of course it feels like i have a stress fracture in my foot 2 days before the busiest week on my feet, of the year, # #STUPID!
Mahalo all who helped Bay cleanup Saturday. Wonderful community we're in!
Trying to convince the 14 y/o to stop playing with her puppy sister and make some cupcakes!
Its weird....I used to think I was abnormal.
my team! If you're willing to pay $7.75 for one of our shirts. We had to buy extras.
"...distant cities are designed precisely so you can know where you came from. We bring home with us when we leave."
Ah, yes. Let me just put that on my indie-bookseller-jet-set-expense-account. I'll be there!
I hate my ex I wish she would move on
Reed Johnson has a serious squirrel tail.
:) Boyfriend and I die for the burger and fries. It's dangerous how close I live!
I swear I was just saying that. It's like they ran out of ideas and said fuck it. Lol.
Mobile spam again. Is the burden really on me to opt out?
That must have been amazing. I have no doubt.
Thats bet Clip
I went to grad school, that brings back memories, bad ones.
With all of us watching take on #Spartans, want to congrat on his wedding today!
Coffee that balances you,while giving you energy without the jitters of regular coffee visit:www.energyconnection.organogold,com! health!!!
Admitted: The Apprentice UK is far better than The Apprentice US. I guess it's all the swearing and lack of all the celebrity stuff.
Photographers shooting video (as director and/or shooter) please send me links to your work. I'm looking for you
jealous of your Florida life, can I be the ring bearer? :-)
RT : It's going down, right now, @ KIMO Theater. "Literally Dance" w/ Ballet Repertory Theater.
RT : Exercise restraint in web design. Ask the question: What is the purpose of that page? #digitaleast - Kelley McDonald
deserved. you do great work on here, Jessica.
Who was at our door at 5a. Not cool.
A ton of top college coaches in the house for the day two evening session at VIP Exclusive Run
It's weird seeing every tweeting about Mothers Day. It was Mothers Day ages in the Uk
What are Gemma's and Ash's twitters?
Can't believe it's the last day of Avenue Q. It's been such a wonderful run and truly a privilege and joy every night.
Only 3 sessions and lunch into this Code Camp and so far it's raining fail.
May is Foster Care Awareness Month! Come to our Info Session May 11, 6:30-8 at Hunting Ridge Presbyterian on Edmondson Ave to get involved!
thnks and can u do me a favor and follow my bro he follows
Where you at boo? #itssnowing “: wish y'all was here. #snowangels”
I know! Glad they're all better now.
Somebody is fishing outside my apartment in full gear. There is no water of any kind.
Holler at me pfft
We like sports, and we don't care who knows.
I love the show can't find better television journalism!
Bullpen has been pretty damn solid.
Can someone DM me???
I just want to go back to sleep
Dallas is gettin their ass spanked by the Thunder, Im goin for the Spurs anyway!!
Thanks for the follow - also a "defender of data" here - nice phrase
thanks fellas!
I used to be in a Town Watch in North Philly and we did not carry guns.
Just got Black Tambourine - "Complete Recordings". I Like it.
I believe the hype now that final four court is beautiful
You are our winner. DM your address and the tickets will go in the mail today.
2 world wide trends? I love it.
What did ESPN say before the playoffs that the lakers need to win ? A: Gasol & Bynum have to help Kobe out otherwise they enjoy the couch
check out Rock Out Autism! They are doing amazing things for children and their families struggling with autism!
Big smile RT : That awesome moment when you check the mail and its the big envelope. #uarts :)
Can't wait!!
#1thingiwant4christmas Peace on earth--and if I can't have that, a new Coach bag.
Finally watching?!?!
A4 I want to work for Valve!!! On-site massage and laundry.
then you know he wasn't the right one.
Hope everyone at #il2011 has a great time!
Yay Noe made me a free pizza :)
Nate from London says He he he...don't tell my gf I'm here... I told her I wasn't feeling well and was going to take a nap!
not yet feb 15th I will
Amber is being an instigator! She's trying to start a fight in Sbarros. And she slapped me :'(
Rolling pearls. Vet in this game
As it's Groundhogs Day I wish I could re-live 1/2/12 over and over again - PERFECT DAY in Pasadena as #GoDucks won #RoseBowl - SO MUCH FUN
no Food truck with the girls?
The preceding tweet was a public safety warning brought to you by the Foam Weapon Fair Play Advisory Board.
ordered my iphone!! cantwaiiiiitttt
Look at your hands... no holes.
Ok, the new diamondiscaudio.com server should be fully functional now. New server, hopefully a lot faster...
The person that can get us the most likes in the next 24 hours will get a hand full of stickers !
Bumpnnn ready go to sleep ' wbyy ?
Just joined #UFCgym in Torrance!
#FastCash4Carsnow, #cashforjunkcars, We'll Quote You a Guaranteed Price for FREE, #Free #pickUp and #towing your vehicle!
good look. Was looking for new one on this train ride
totally understand. All of your stories are so complex and deep. I'm sure it take a lot out of you to write them so well!!
Boomer fuckin Sooner, y'all.
Today's Stops: Saratoga Springs,Old Key west,Bay Lake,Poly,Grand Flo.,All Star,Boardwalk,Yacht Club,Jambo. Need a scooter we'll be there!
: Where in Senegal? I spent a year living in Dakar. You're going to love it!
aspen leaf >
It's on! We will see you at The Sink at 7:15 tomorrow.
The last day of April will certainly be interesting.
High interest of the Windows Phone platform at goo.gl/4D565
RT Keeping it classy I can't wait to stand outside of a Herald Square #brandbeef c/
No, you don't get a government subsidy check for your farmville crops. If anything, you should get a flesh eating disease.
#tappingfootimpatiently....ANGELO, get it in GEAR, DUDE! Or is that, "Calzone"?? LOL.
I presented a G-Apps Webinar today. mentioned #flipclass & started getting ton of ?s about it. Had to redirect back to original topic.
Don't leave me <grabs pants legs of Zac>, Don't leave me!!!!!! :)
At work- hate to burn a good line just on the promo: Tomorrow on totn, the Political Junkie, four primaries and two political funerals
IVE GOT DUCT TAPE & A MAG LITE!! Lets get this DONE!! Tehe...I got a tad xcited. ;)
shut up!
RT : The problem is structural apathy. Institutions shut doors too quickly rarely do we foster radical thinking
We've heard lots of public apologies, but Tiger was the 1st to admit that he thought he was ENTITLED to do what he did. Amazing.
Hey, I just re woke my twitter account. Who do you recommend following in #SacTown?
Stop watching High Fidelity. :D
Hey man how u been?
happy mothers day love! & congratulations graduate! I'm proud of u!
what's up(:
Its now afternoon and I've had a productive day already..I gave my people the love they needed and I gave myself its care as well.
please let it be the "duck" shirts! RT: Watching ron kill it in the Hague. Then selling some t-shirts.
DAMN! That nigga straight killed them dance moves! O_o #AmericasGotTalent ™
Crowd was going crazy today. Welcome back!
I'm gonna wear Iconic blu today!
We have to keep fighting for change, but we have to pause to recognize what's right... Transit in LA is a huge success
#cubs took 2 of 3 from the #Braves. Nice job.
haha...well! feel free to bring some wares to peddle saturday morning
Hahah well when I don't even register douchebags as people now. It's like they're invisible. Years of training :)
This is why you are our official best friend. If we ever go to Philly I'm getting you a beer and a The Pushers cooler
this work stuff is so over rated. It was definitely more fun being unemployed and volunteering all over.
... I just.... I don't know. It's so hard to accept that it's the same person. I'm struggling.
lmaoo I was on the phone && I called yo ass back !!
I see I see what's up
Hangovers are bitches.
3 minutes to save the world.
www.getactiveyogatour.com - 3 free classes, sweet giveaways, and yoga in Centennial Park. Check.
Heather's Headache is playing this Saturday. They'll go on from 8-11pm!
Thanks for the follow. I'm following you back. Let's keep the spirit positive :-)
Tropical martini was live shut it down S/O to the Rozay girls and Ron Albury!
Goin to Sleep. Happy. Lovin Life to the Fullest! #Dreams #GenuineHappiness. :-)
RT : "By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail." ~ B. Franklin
haha ill make you one
haha i had to get something good in there lol
I'm thinking there is potential for a partnership here...
great game, right!?!
#Somefactsyoushouldknow There are too many funerals and not enough graduations
Just a few days away....
Today! TEN New England bands battle! 3p-11p at Twins Jazz
wish I would have known. Seeing Lower Dens secret show in Greenpoint at 8pm
I went through a very intense dolphin phase when I was 9. It was a dark time for me.
RT : Join us Saturday at Zinnie's East! We're doing our normal show at 8:30, and Storytellers Unplugged, at 10:30. $5 for both!
Texans AFC division champs....what a difference a year makes!
If you're attending an event at the Portland Expo Center give us a try. We're just across the river and less than 3 miles away.
I knew you'd like that
Girl & The Goat restaurant in Chicago. INSANE!!!!!!
you have a spare half hour this week? Love to take you up on your offer to sit down and chat about
lol welcome. And good luck. Hopefully you won't get an eye taken out :x
Tonight is Burger and Beer Monday! Any burger and draft beer for $12. 3pm to close. Get in here.
Dmv at 2:00 and getting traffic tickets reduced to parking tickets, ask me how 702-882-6007
I HOPE YOU FOLLOW :) I <3 you.
Just saw grant hill in the airport!!!
NO NO NO
If I don't do what God says to do I'm limited by my own humanity
Nutcracker is great when rehearsals are over and you can just go onstage and dance. RT if you agree!
#iReallyHateWhen I come on twitter & don't understand ANY of the trending topics.
maybe 6 grand here at bradleycenter
Check out my friend ! Great girl!
Love that doing a project on the vampire diaries for my English class, but nervous about presenting in front of the class lol
the beach at Edgewater Park
That's better! ^_^ Nice to tweet ya!
I've joined the iPhone club, finally. Love it. Much better than my failing Driod.
Holy shit. Worst leg cramp I have ever experienced.
And I'm on Twitter now! Greetings from Argentina Way! Uncertainty goes international!
I really mean Dick Van Dyke, dunni. Chim chiminee etc. Does little side step on luvverly Larndon street. "Gor Blimey" etc.
THIS times 100! I wanted a happy end for all of my favorite characters, not that depressing shitfest that we got
I'm completely exhausted.. My neck hurts now. I think those rides gave me whiplash! :(
the feeling of no make up >>>
lmao! And this reminded me of you why?!
i hate when people on facebook say LMS (Like My Status) for a good night post.
Its truly precious 4 all to hav the toys drives it saved smones life prevented sm 1 from going to jail ect..
hell yea
twitter suggests that i follow should i trust this suggestion??
Me too - I think I am going to give up so that trance music doesn't haunt me for the rest of my life...
hey! I've been around, we need to catch up one of these days! How've you been?
#FridayReads A Storm of Swords by George R.R. Martin
yep that's it! =) and i am going to be releasing a new version of it as well you can also get it on itunes along with my album
Tomorrow is the last day to book a room for 50% off with the Hotel Half-Off Holiday Sale. Rooms are filling up fast!
I miss the Star Wars Role-Playing game.
I am *SO AMPED UP* right now! I love my job. Such a fun day.
94 was a hard year to be nominated or best pic. Pulp Fiction, Shawshank Redemption, Forest Gump, Quiz Show, 4 Weds and a Funeral.
Heading out to Goerke's corner park & ride to meet the rest of the team. Nice cool weather, just a bit wet.
beach!! Smells like like pina colada:)
its funny how you corner someone with politics they seem to throw together some big paragraph where only 8 words make sense
Stayed up till 7, slept till one.
NO was not.
And don't be surprised when the riot cops run you down while you're watering plants
yea I use to take care of him, I am Tryna stay strong... It still font feel real tho....
Bass with the shot
:) RT : Boston Pops Esplanade Orch. w/K. Lockhart feat. Rockapella is going to be an amazing show! Get your tickets ASAP!
I feel like ordering some pizza
Dear Students From My High School, Stop Fucking Dying, It's Lame.
thanks for the love. we're big fans of you and that bear friend you have. good luck in chicago. our old hometown!
Well.. Didn't plan on starting the studying this late but better late than never. It's definitely gonna be an all nighter
Remember, every Tuesday kids eat FREE at Los Cabos at the Legends! Come treat your special little guy or lady to a meal on us!
"I buy the best things when I'm slightly intoxicated"-"wise" words from a cowboy named dave haha
#Twitter >>> #Facebook lol
I know right?!?! It's awesome...spendin' all day outside :D
oh my god... im so sorry!
What've I, what've I, what've I done to deserve this
Watching Prisoner of Azkaban!
Come on #Cubbies!!
Talking to my bff Chad and thinking about Justin Bieber, like always
No love
I'm thinking Better Off Dead would be a good night cap.
my niece Jasmine said she dont like rice.. dafuq? how we related? o.O
Looks like Scottys tonight for the game....
lmao. betta get to work. ill pray or somethin
Premium, Holland Oats, Kopstootje, Folklore & Barrel Aged Autumnal, pouring now. What a Beautiful Friday.
yea they r u post it there n share it on Twitter n Facebook!!!
check out some new live footage of last Saturday's gig on my facebook page JillaWebb2
I think alex is jealous
what happened?
Just said "I'm gonna hit the pisser" when referring to the using the restroom. So, I'd like to take this time apologize to everyone ever.
": You know how on Christmas Eve when you get to open one present...well, what about 4/20 Eve? :)"way ahead of ya
diggin' the wares!!! someday I hope we can make hats like that
Arthur Rhodes takes the mound... In his walker. #Rangers have hope.
Hearing Tirico call "Touchdown Washington Redskins" gave me chills. Sounded just like Frank Herzog.
ATTENTION : your iphone app should not use location services unless it actively needs to. fix your shit.
My worst fear is breaking my guitar string, and it hitting me in the face.. scary!
I feel nauseous, in pain, and utterly badass today. That probably means it was a good workout.
Completely disagree. If Suns win out they are in so long as Denver doesn't lose 3 in a row.
#nyy This is the #Yankees 14th home game and Grandy has 9 HRs at home !!! That projects to ......53 HRs for the season.... AT HOME. LOL
next stop Brazil!!
Thanks to this work out plan, soon my ass is going to be higher than
Yes Jane Yes!
Adam's voice in this line "baby better watch your step" on Underneath... My heart came up to my throat! Monster song!
Pls throw your support behind Packer legend induction He's long overdue & should B in the #HOF Help us PLS
my thoughts exactly
Predictions of snow Wed late PM into Friday include 2-3" in La Crosse, 4-6" in Milwaukee, 5-8" in NE Wisconsin and over 12" in Eagle River.
Heads Carolina Tails California! Somewhere greener, somewhere warmer!
Interested in advertising in our upcoming #HEALTH edition? Hit us up! Our street team can do flyering too!
i love getting winked at by guys <3
Working on some more edits from previous photo shoots.
Anne Romney actually asking people to hold their applause. I don't think I've ever seen her so irritating. Normally I like her.
That was amazing! So honored to be in his presence!
no D: come to Mexico?
Just so many great upsets!! Perfect saturday for college basketball
Wish I had started using sed earlier. Nice way to make sure you don't mess up changes. Using it in a git repo makes it almost foolproof.
The agonize wait after we deliver a storyboard, and before we hear from the client. AGONIZING. Like, check my email every :30 agonizing.
<3 "Someday, someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else."
ask him to do the john madden.
President Obama is telling Democrats not to "jam" a health care overhaul bill through Congress....
Glad is getting called out for the tasteless #SuperBowl ads yesterday. They need to fire whatever ad agency came up with those!
Taylor Swifts voice is so Beautiful... <3
fam can u DM me your email?
I hate the fact that there is so much drama in my school and its our last year
it is tornado awareness week. It was a test they are having another one at 7.
Filling out my Oscar pool. Where's the smart money for best director? Hazanavicius, Malick, Payne, Allen, or Scorsese?
Hurray for you!
thanks for the #FF Dave!
RT : Worry, not work, causes most weariness.
Great interview with our PDX neighbors Parenthetical Girls.
Sims bobbles a Clark pass that should have put the Hoyas up 14. Still, after Belmont cut it to 6, Gtown responded with an 8-2 run. 50-38 now
We're commited! Let us know. PM
One of the funtions of an architecture is to defer critical decisions (details) via
i need to try n start using twitter...my timeline is dead
Formula1 Live from Malaysia its gonna be a long night.
Let's FaceTime
Pune. Exactly how do you pronounce that? I went to Mumbi back in '05.
Amazingly awesome! Perfect. RT John Waters was hitchhiking in Ohio and got picked up by a band on tour:
follow the adamouski art competition on our blog for updates--theadamouski.blogspot.com
I crack myself up!!
Hey Jeff, I'd love to talk to you about your new development project! Please send me an email at
It was the loudest one to date. My demons now play the electric guitar, I was so afraid. Anyone else suffer from sleep paralysis?
Gotta get that 2 for $20 deal!!
As it turned out, "Luck" had everything but. Shame.
Happy National Pancake Day! Should I, shouldn't I...
hey! some of us showered... some of us...
Thanks all for the birthday wishes.
love what the cheetah!
what a beautiful weekend it was in Little Italy, Holiday Art Walk went really well, people shopping and eating delicious food!
Also, no offense to those of you genuine well-meaning drunks, but the faux irish are ruining it for all of us.
Can't sleep
I have this recurring dream where I can't tell one Goo Goo Dolls song from all the others.
As a sex addict, I do NOT like this comment. The only thing worse than this is the fact that you are absolutely RIGHT! Damn.
The average life of a taste bud is 10 days.
Just came back from a roadtrip to Campestre, and into the remote countryside of Minas Gerais.
(so psyched I forgot hashtags)
Fuuuuuuuck I can't sleep. To hungry
One thousand fans, hot d*mn! It feels good to be surrounded by so many good people.
Tracy Morgan told a bad joke. For a good joke? If Tracy ever has a knife, every one yells "I'm not gay, I'm not gay! Don't stab me!"
#iplspring doesnt apply to word marks or logos b/c do not make products more aesthetically appealing
idk. I'm sure it was boring with out us;)
Thanks for the repost! Sorry for the belated response. I am not the most active on twitter. =(
Happy Tuesday Beautiful People! #MegaMillions - XavierLT. com
maybe you should just pay more attention to your surroundings lol
My brother is such a vagina.
I have no no clue!
you seem strangely calm during this choco-tastrophe!
Congratulations on the appointment of Eric Emans as CFO, announced in bit.ly/vICqDk
follow me so I can dm you
Fact. MT A3. Pres. is an emotional subject so rewards are emotional. It is not a subject that pays mega ££ (or $)
I am told the movie I am in should be released in early 2012. Be on the lookout for Cole Younger & the Black Trains with Micahael Madsen
But tell me what the hell do they know about death if they are still alive
Playin Robert Johnsons song's.M is bringing home food from the ceremony!Youtube!
Morris Claiborne goes two more than his Wonderlic.
People thinks it's so "secretive" talking about me in front of me.
Home sweet home!!!
Breath me.
Solo Dolo = No Drama.
re. Bridgepoint. Seems most new successful companies in San Diego have a controversial element.
it's a Warm Hazelnut Cake with chocolate gelato, expresso creme anglaise
Webb young people are tireless & effective workers, accurate scholars, moral and courteous - Welcome Back and have a great year!
Wish she was here.
We're sending a response tomorrow about the inequalities of the story. Absolutely no merit to any of it.
We use a constantly changing set of IPs, so blocking by IP won't work. We do follow robots, so you should see requests go to zero
I really make this uniform look good
Damn you, Australian time differance.
no way. Too much baggage. Keep it simple.
we'll be at sambucas restaurant tonight for new year's eve. if you need some NYE ideas check out our site www.houston360live.com.
I just pre-ordered Up All Night DVD with a book and a tee shirt! :)
#2010Dissapointment girls trying to be Barbies. Pink and Red lipstick is ok but actually trying to be an actual Barbie
Thanks, Mark!
we know Rob has #SweetTooth, he should be on #Foodiechats :)
ugh I haven't seen u in forever :( not good.
#99-Chad Clifton-OT-Green Bay Packers
Thanks for posting TARDIS Prime we are stoked that Who fans are enjoying this new shirt .
Super tired sht
I disagree! I also disagree w/ the thought that if you date outside ur race, u have a self hate of ur own race
NFL Redzone is the greatest channel in the history of cable!!!!!
Time to ACT !
In the car with josh! Haha
Identify physical hazards associated with animal control and their protective measures
You're never wasting a breath when you remind someone they are loved.
...I really wish I could have had coffee with u guys this AM :(
Of course! Anytime. How are ticket sales going?
haha I don't know either! I'm going to sleep now! Goodnight :)
I'm the fireball of the party.
oldies but goodies
lol raise the goal up and see what happens big man
RT : lol, if i had country the top holes would Been filled with toilet paper
ok well I just sent it again.
sounds like great coaching
Join the Mercedes Benz Club of America this will be the best $40.00 you ever invested. You can receive $1500.00 after one year of membership
i have not. but excellent to know! thanks :)
Summits? Fill me in, please.
Sandor, thank you for the follow as well. Looking forward to your tweets!
had my mind made up and the chance was taken away
...and that's where friends come in.
TAKE THE DEAL.
im really hoping you will finally notice me! <3
Things I learned from the Hunger Games movie: 1) Lots of people are Team Gale, for some reason, and 2) Cato is highly attractive.
Agree 100%. Same reason I hope Grant can return to health and have one more productive year.
It's scary to think that nothing can kill that 0.01% germ.
I'm just done messing with bullshit anymore
Honduras grows about 1,000,000 tons of bananas every year. That is a lot of #bananas!
I'm watching Scare Tactics. Woah, I think Dot Jones (aka Glee's Coach Beiste) played a crazy lady in this episode.
The short answer is that I want to provide the resources for our dedicated faculty to be as successful as they can be .
God was good to me when he sent you...
RT : There is no job so simple that it can not be done wrong.
I hope it's true--I've found the stronger bond in respectful disagreement. Similarity is easy. Debate inspires engagement.
With all due respect, can someone explain to me why Lavoyda Urlacher's passing is being given such flags-half-mast treatment?
My driver said he'd "read something about" free bike-on-the-bus week, was cool about it.
well it looks like you will have to save a spot for yourself this summer.
alicia mann is the sweetest girl ever dont forget that now!
Weather is crazy over here right now! Get here safe. RT : SA we on the way
RT : Anyone can give up, only successful people keep trying.
where you been, I haven't seen you in a minute :(
Good morning!!(:(: Hope you all have an amazing Sunday!! <3 you all!!
if you have suri you may be able to hear them in a pleasant female voice...
Quote: "Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of someone else." Judy Garland
(c) and then im back to where i was before i read them .
RT : "Don't move the way fear makes you move." ~Rumi
Setting up for our AIA/ASID class tonight. If you haven't attended our seminar on "Alternative Materials for Countertops," DM me!
All about The Benjamins >>>>
What's everyone up to this weekend? Make your weekend a sweet one by stopping by Krispy Kreme!
I <3 you guys
Congrats on winning #TheMasters!!!
hugs to you hun. Any advice on what to do in Cabo? Never been
Thanks!!! Tired of watching stalls at end of each quarter and competitive games for 3 1/2 quarters that turn into foul-fests.
"Inside my empty bottle I was constructing a lighthouse while all the others were making ships." ~Charles Simic... SHINE YOUR LIGHT. REPEAT.
brown like poop..
Kobe guarding Westbrook? Hope he put some WD40 on those knees.
Tom wouldn't steal from the kids to give to the rich.
My friend said its because he knows what he did was wrong. Like he looks at me & quickly looks away.
uh my iPad / second monitor just died
I think you know what the right choice is...
I had a great birthday today!
Just checked out the Windows 8 developer preview. Really, Microsoft?!?
RT : Hoping tired recitation of Elizabeth Taylor's marriages doesn't overshadow huge acting talent & unblinking courage speaking...
To all that honor our Freedom and Independence ,we have not forgotten our brave and patriotic Sons & Daughters, God Bless America 7/4/2009
My brother e-mailed from #China. His first week teaching. Had to tell me his breakfast costs .27 US !
C'mon! Who are these people w/ these characters for pictures on Twit. trying to sell me books? Using characters like JEM, (cartoon) Ha!
Thanks for the follow Rudy! As said, if you'd ever like to stop by & meet the crew, feel free to DM us! :)
really? Where she goin?
kittyshine7: Chicago Bears have agreed to phrases with second ...
James Thurber~ Early to rise and early to bed makes a male healthy and wealthy and dead.
That was always the single scariest scene for me! Still, could
RT : Tweeting, GoogleDocing and discussing @ the same time. Only at
thank you darling
Hope everyone who is already off today is having fun
sounds like a party
That is an amazing story. Glad you went w/ your mother's intuition! Sorry you had to go thru that though!
oh hi Sandra.(:
just picked up my dress, now i need everything else
the saltwater room >
oh i wish yo ass would lol:]
<------ #shoutout thanks for the follow, as always, I
We hope to connect with you today at #AFPMeet! Stop by Booth 921 to say hello to Ben and Donna!
good luck with the exam
I realize something ..
COOL MORNING (: YEEE!
The soul would have no rainbow if the eyes had no tears~ Cherokee proverb
poor baby! Hope you feel better. :-)
I'm so tired... I wish this day will end already!
Wanda Sykes at Planet Hollywood Las Vegas October 15th and 16th Comp Tickets for Table and Slot Players
Loud thunderstorms have given me weird dreams.
Sometimes when talks to me I think of Juliette Lewis' character in The Other Sister.
Damn Charlotte, where did this storm come from..
Happy Friday, and best of luck to those of you participating in state finals tomorrow! Be sure to tweet us as to how it goes!
I can't wait to hear your first single!
you know!!!
i saw your bro at tanger today and i waited over 4 hours filling out raffles on crutches and your dad said hed take me back
no twist JoeyO did it, but enjoyed the way the story played out to get to the conclusion.
I learned that srgt major trusts me & its weird but its a good feeling i like it it made me smile and feel like i finally did somethin right
Flatbread Feature: Buffalo Chickenw/ onion, tomato & ranch dressing Soups: Blood Orange & Raspberry Gazpacho or Korean Pork & Vegetable
I actually see that a lot.
Baby when we grinding, I get so excited
and i love it :)
U.S. Stocks closed near their best levels, propelled by Apple's robust results and after the Fed kept interest rates unchanged | #DOW +89.16
I'm voting for Obama again,you cant change the world in just one term.
thanks for the follow back
I knew adding colonoscopy coverage to the player health plan would spark the team. Next to passion, colorectal health is the key to winning.
And shirk off my duties as a 'responsible student'? Never!
Sophisticated ignorance...I write my curses in cursive
What makes you vulnerable?
Hope i have to hire you to help us make the right choice!! RT : Rumor has it they went out today/tomorrow.
Completed a Lifetime Wish by getting to level 10 of the Political career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
you know you enjoyed that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Get down with your bad self
well you need a relaxing vacation, honestly it's important to learn how to relax!
6 people found my blog by searching "Lisa Burstein agent" get ready for the query deluge :)
#chid480f talking about cyberspace as metaphor, the tribulations of digital intellectual property, issues of access, mind vs. body
I love our All Natural Fruit Masque. I apply, lay back and let it do it's work, then shower. The results are amazing! beautysnatural.com.
yes it does
Where are we starting one?
I use the power of my imagination to create the world I choose to live in.
in the game thread: "Lefties are hitting something like .420 against Moore this year. Would have like to have seen Johnson.."
Listening to from talk about history of co-creation of company culture. 350K users on My Starbucks Idea? Wow.
Nationally known Healer and Intuitive: Appointments and Workshops around the U.S.
thanks! U goin?
Thanks for asking. We're in the process of reorganizing. Check our Facebook page for updates. Cheers!
I would vent to you, but I don't need someone making comparisons and telling me the negative side of things.
I hate finding those old text messages, reading them and crying because i actually believed what you said
: leftover resentment in the Japanese-American community? I'm more interested in the legacy of the atomic bombing of Japan.
Crossing my fingers for a non-save situation in the 9th.
New Years Resolution #46: When the world ends on Dec 21st make sure to write a status update about it before anything else.
I'm bald now. :o lol
I feel clammy and gross I'm not ready for the summer weather!
“: here's to the kids who are ready to fuck shit up this weekend.”
I work hard a f*ck. and I play even harder. Hah.
$85 dollar tickets for texting and walking.. could they make any more ridiculous laws ?
how long?
well so much for that.
Man.. it is COLD outside right now.
same here! I'm surprised we hadn't crossed paths IRL before!
Orchestra performing with conductor Alain Lombard
the sexiest. c;
Second step to : unfollowing all the boards I don't actually care about. Can I find anything useful to men on here?
I loved The Lucky One, and really liked Dark Shadows. Johnny Depp and Zac Efron are two of my favorite actors. :-)
how you doing
Thank you. Really.
i got u on the follow bakk :)
can't wait to see thursday at warped tour in indiana!!! :) Hopefully he plays She said!
Initial salvo: cheers Tweeters!
“: “: y'all higher than a starship” always #ballsohard” mudafucka
can any one point me to a link to a #DannyCoale jersey?
haha that's how it starts! Watch yourself! How do you think fiddy cent got his name.. Stealing console change! Duh!
thank you for torturing the hell out of me with those Vietnam food porn vids. I need Pho NOW.
I get the sneaking suspicion that people can tell the difference between Miles tweets and mine.
Well, we all need someone...we can lean on... And if you want it, you can lean on me.
Good Night 2 all! Isn't it great to be inspired 4 greatness.
lol well I wanna make sure youre okay! Im concerned.
McGee throws game ball into the stands..
Hello! My name is Myat and I am new to twitter :)
The detail will be published soon!! We're excited to tell you!!!!! Pls Look out for the news.
Great, thanks for reposting that article! Great read!
Thanks for the RT Mark! xx
Do you have a Gold Card? If not, you should! Get one and enjoy 20% off purchases on Black Friday!
whiskey whiskey whiskey whiskey. See you soon ladies.
We are hosting Beautiful Bellies and Beyond- a FREE pre and post natal fitness event at tomorrow. Info:...
that concludes Ralph Oman's remarks; time for our panel discussion...
Nothin better than makin money but makin more!!!
The weekend has arrived let the shooting begin! Sandra Glinka
I want to go to Ball State now.
No need to freak out, haha. I'm having surgery on my nose to fix my deviated septum, as well as reconstruction surgery to straighten it out.
They look great Rick! RT : ...I'm very happy with all the new portfolios. Suzanne Sease did a great job
Anybody that took the Spanish verb final is it hard?!?! :/
Had to do it. Cash RT : The next time invites the LPD over for a noise ordinance I'm peacin
so..are you trying to look like woody allen or was that just accidental.....
FOOD TRUCK MADNESS TODAY!!! Especially L'Efant Plaza! the debut of !
Pictures please!
Yo Whats good Thomas Bros? Do yall have a contact for production?..I produce
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific
Well 7 to 10 depending on the size of the spud.
This popsicle is the hottest thing I've ever put in my mouth. (Trader Joe's, Chile Mango)
I just gave a woman $700 to put her screaming baby in the overhead compartment on this plane
I just paid for music. I've done something moral today.
Damn!!!! one of my stocks tanked 17%! Still not to bad of a loss but after 2 days of goin down I'm sellin!
Follow me beautiful lady :) X
Fixing computers like a boss!.
Just finished perks of being a wallflower.
Met with Autani to see about implementing both energy monitoring and control to cut down on energy costs. Pretty interesting.
lol man i been trying to get yo number cuz you yet to bless my camera!!#DeepVoiceShawty#
I hate it when sum girls act dumb becuz they think it's cute & gets them attention
Two wins in a row! And I missed our goal again... It seems like they only score when I'm not watching the field
it would be a great thing if i could do a song with &
YES!! love a good wig! I even had the hair wrapped horns, PRE-GAGA.
Our Father, who art in Heaven. Hallowed be my name. And forgive my husband. He knows not what he does.
cool, I'll try to join you all. When's the migration to the next stop now?
I dont need to talk to you every second, all I need to know is you care and that I can trust you
#ReplaceBritneySongsWithSanta If U Seek Santa
check your DMs. :)
Classic female quotes "SS Be Quiet real quick My Dude Callin" lmao it never gets old!!
are you enjoying bejeweled?
Dang, your computers are either dying or getting left behind. Or is this the same one?
RT : Now looking at A Bird of the Air. Staring the Beautiful lady from Maine. & her very Awesome co-star
Yep. we will generate the list once we fill the spots and then send to the venue
Honestly how can you not like Kobe?
Congratulations to all the new RKC's!!
Pauly D can be so insightful sometimes RT if u cant have a good time in Vegas, u cant have a good time anywhere
This bridge reminds me of the wickery bridge from
You guys made it on my top 25. Played more than 250 times. xD I'm about to raise that number even higher ! Love you guys.
tell the mules I said "What's UP!?!" enjoy sxsw!!!. if i keep saying 1 of these years long enough, it'll one day be true
Waiting for some dro.
aww, that's wonderful! I've been busy a lot lately too. Busy is good though!
excited to try with tonight! oh what will i get??
#joefrazier it was such a pleasure meeting you at Bookitinvegas.com launch party. RIP my friend
D.A.M.N Music group is gonna kill yall
Holla! RT You can't fake the funk fool.
buy your dad a pizza
Don't Follow LEAD we need more LEADERS we all have a greater purpose here on Earth not are own selfish purpose but something Far Greater
Looking for suggestions on screening short film in NYC for 150 people and reception to follow. Hip on a moderate budget. Thanks.
OMG! “: Let us imagine Sarah Palin dealing with Egypt right now.”
almost 500 followers :)
I've done it
Why can't my ipod not be broken at a time like this ):
You should NEVER mix business n pleasure.........DAMN...
A first for me: forgot I was cooking rice and now I have a black-bottomed pot. Ugh.
.. My tl is stuck, great
Well, there went Hightower...sadly I was hoping to see him as a
Listening to John Mayer () Continuum - a work of art if you ask me.
they need to get back together!!
thank you all for the wonderful Mother's Day wishes. you really helped to make my day complete. love to you all! :)
two i would love:
'Even the best fall down sometimes."
Mixed day: Our 21st wedding anniversary...but our 19yo cat passed away. Lots of memories. RIP, Pookie.
#sex ...now that I have yo attention! #thatisall <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Waiting for FCC open meeting re E-rate reform to start
Whindo Announces New Website Design
I get my fake baby tomorrow :D Im excitedd .
Working on some new WKND designs...and a ill project for mr porter
Tonight's #SHARKTANK featured who's currently testing out :-)
hey baby I'm n the Chi
Truth is... like my status!!!
I swear to god its the first time I've ever bought Tickets in my life. I've spent 3 hours today talking about Cali lotto.
With all the growth of downtown, there was 1 fireman added. 911 calls go unanswered. The priorities are completely warped.
How was everyone's weekend? Hit me back with some exciting stories
I wonder if anyone's ever robbed someone using a cactus.
go what shit white girls say to black girls on YouTube. It's so funny.
hold on i'll switch it up...............i'd like to be everything you want. hey girrrrrlll let me talk to ya ;)
Does math have b or c lunch on blue days?
Love a nice warm moist seat on the metro
Just peeked 's work. I'm a fan
Syracuse survives- 54 tied for first
look at my tweets from tonight. i have no life.
Happy to help. Saw him by chance on road trip last year in Dayton (hadn't heard of him before) and was blown away by his speed
I swear to god Netflix! If you don't get some new releases on instant view soon I'm going to dump you!
love your blog! :)
O'Banion: increasing evidence that contextual instruction works to overhaul dev ed - in WA iBest 9X more likely to graduate.
Did you review last week? What positives can you build on? What ways can u improve? Take a few minutes & DO THIS...
Me too!
All of the cool Minnesota sportswriting people following me are going to be rather surprised when football rolls around...
Did you get your hotel booked in Ocean City. If you need help, we can help you!
Thanks for the "witty banter" tweet. Is it me or has it gotten more inane than ever?
I emailed you the drops
this upcoming Thursday. May 3rd.
Thanks for the writeup!
Heading to to book signing, huzzah!
I know! I want us to write fake encyclopedia poems, a way to grieve the loss of EB. But they won't know what an encyclopedia is.
thank u for following
Seriously. Didn't go to school awesome weather. Went and awful rainy and shit.
OMFGG my dad made steak and it's like THE BEST THING EVER. haha
IF I COULD LIVE MY LIFE OVER AGAIN=I WOULD!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Seeing cute happy couples makes me happy.. There's still hope in this world.
Oh. Matthew Maskil Johnson. That makes more sense.
Also, you are really messing up your they're/their/theres today.
You home already
what sound does a koala make?
Being a random is not a bad thing. :)
fuck patience... i want al mine.. RITE NI!!!!!
Just digging into the WI poll today, finds Walker at -11 approval with independents. Hm.
Anyway. Im going to bed.
your doing a great job!
No prob look forward to hearing from u RT : thanks
#FollowFriday #Marketing friends:
Stupidity infuriates me.
"You are the light of the world--like a city on a hilltop that cannot be hidden." Matthew 5:14
After a presentation at my internship today, caved and got a Pinterest. #inlove Worth checking out!
So shut up with ur sponge on yellow teeth brush them things ur so ugly no wonder ur mon and dad chose lance as their favorite!
If the first image does not meet these requirements, we revert to the second image, and so on
come on out so excited! Would love to see you!
“: "how can i prove that i love you?" "stop playing video games” he fuck out"” lol sounds like me!!
sounds tasty!
Public service reminder: today is an excellent day to buy chocolate at very nice discount.
If an actor finds his or her rhythm, they start booking jobs.
I did not get a gnome at the Mallards game, but thanks to for the love. Mallards lose their 6th straight unfortunately.
CSU is in. Washington and Cal are the teams that CU is screwing
Ay stop sending me these game requests or I'm a delete u
I miss
Who hates Jordan? Gotta be no one.
Congrats! : Launch T zero now confirmed as 4:55 am Cape Canaveral time on Sat, May 19. I will be tweeting live from mission control
My love and obsession for is a bit drastic. #lovemyrangers #worldseries2012 <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Nice work not-Riske
I am tired of the lying, the cheating and the secrets kept.
I never knew how many people are really interested in old machinery until I started working at NMAH. Boilers & grinders & lathes - oh my!
#Follow cuz she is dang sexy ;)
Just finished "museum mixology" great session on collaborative programming
#thesocial is giving away two great gifts tonight - we'll announce the winners soon
Its been almost a year wtf :)
Proverbs 21:21 21 Whoever pursues righteousness and kindness will find life, righteousness, and honor.
How are older people contributing to society in your country? To the family? To the workforce? To the city or community?
You will suddenly realize that the reason you never changed before was because you didn't want to. ~ Robert H. Schuller
The tuba on Tyga's verse in Ayy Ladies >>>
I Don't Wanna Miss A Thing the sweetes dream will never do i'd still miss you babe and i don't wanna miss a thing.~ <U+2665>
It is currently 80 degrees in #wickerpark...the warmest St. Patrick's Day in 141 years.
Hey!Troy How R u feeling??
thanks for the tweets! we're glad you liked 's presentation. He really knows his stuff.
batter up?
Is that even possible?! Microsoft will be ordered to make Internet Explorer suck less.
You niggas need to ketchup like the condiment.
Let's go cardinals
You tell me that you need me then you go and cut me down. OneAndOnly<3
Have a bad feeling that we've seen the last of Chris Kelly in a #Bruins uniform. I think Someone will offer him a Ville Leino-like contract
Same at fear farm!!! I'm in the maze rite now Hahahhah and I'm on twitter mOblie! It's scary
I will be at school for sure. The break starts on Friday, but we are here until then.
Hot chocolate season is not over yet. Stop by the Chocolate Library today for the best variety.
We #love all our new followers! If you know any #retailers interested in #ecofriendly home accents, please let us know!
Had the Trustee help me one time with rent. And she was a bag the whole time. I bet if I were an illegal mexican there would be no problem!
I've watched Star Trek since I was a kid. But now I can't help but think "Great travel deals w/ the Negotiator!"
Should I smile cause were friends, or should I cry cause that's all well ever gonna be.
Following my dream here for sure!!
Little Jimmy from Degrassi has come a long way.
sound like a hater if you ask me Lol
Over slept :(
uugh, 10 hour workday. my feet are killing me, but a few beers after should help that!
": paparazzi & fans camped out near house of blues and the mondrian. who is it, anyone know?" Ask he always knows!
En route to the Joyce theater to shoot stills of 'Shady', a production of the Gotham Dance Company here I come!
i'm so creepy. tehehe.
I'm hungry for some drink of chocolate. Please, please grandma, bring me a ice-cream or borrow me!
#Shoutout to c;
It is seriously eerie how correct my horoscope is sometimes...
On the way to my first Nice cool morning for a run.
Go to the library. Meet the cool info pros who work there & get new ideas about what to do with your degree/passion.
one more school day!!!
thanks :) his name is Box & he's my girlfriend's kitty. We had a rough start, but now we're like old pals.
I dont put out....I put in
Um I want to hit 500 followers today!:/
Killer headache. Bleh.
Lol the Thunder is making it rain!!!
Gingrich still sticking with his moon colony.
I see that lol, bout time u made an account, u need to tell Anna & Genaro to make one now lol:)
19 what about you? And really?! Friggin sweet(:
"So no matter what you're going through, remember...you're going through." -Pastor Ed Young
gotta keep the two seperate
RT : Actually prefer the hot pink bats being used this Mom's Day compared to the Pepto Bismol versions of recent years.
Lol. Not friends.
You promised that you'd never leave Where are you now
Damn! iPhone case broke. Which is better than said iPhone breaking I assume.
Still watching prospects of messy wx come Wed PM and Thurs AM: light freezing rain possible. Attm, glazing looking very light to minimal.
Charlotte Mayor Anthony Foxx (D) formally endorses Lt Gov & Dem #NCGOV nominee
Currently in studio with --- needless to say -- she's breaking out that lesson book on you rookies!
Just got off the elliptical. I feel wonderful. I can't believe i stayed on there for an hour and 53 minutes.
Amem & Thanks Dave!
I know!
Reason #3 to be at McNally's for #FirstKick: Everybody's favorite bartender () is a HUGE fan!
Thanks, G! You are too!! RT Hey, thank you! Hope it was worthwhile....and yeah, is the goods :-)
Jury duty.. Looks like its going to be on for the next week... sigh!?!?!?!?!
Likewise, I'm sewer! I'll listen if you will.
Hey, you have been sending spam/ virus twits about nasty things being send...check your account
you don't have hair lol
It will be interesting to see if/how they can enforce that one.
Can you PLEASE come do a comedy show in Chicago on New Year's Eve? PLEEEEEEEZZZ...
Finished my HuffPo Blog on indie filmmakers, the JOBS act & crowdsourcing. Will let you know when it's up!
Im about to see the #Denzel movie wit heard good things about it
not sleeping right now!
Dear god. It's like my head was in a can, and now it all makes sense. thank GOD for
Right on! Thanks!
Awesome responses from #bloggers! Stay tuned for reposts
she look like an overdone baby with her pink cheeks and yellow bald scalp
Definitely having a case of Monday Brain over here. Coffee and tea for everyone!
This class is taking long as hell
please follow mee:)
haha, my dad called him goldilocks and my response was "Sunshine!" (said in my infamous high pitched voice)
and yet still too young for Chico's.
Call me and I messed up ya name in my last tweet
LOL.. Hey I'm staying silent
Need to get ready for rehearsal but I can't pull myself away from watching Jeff Dunham!
Where? There are steeler bars everywhere.
im at home. Are you in the band hallway?
..The gala will feature local celebrities paired w/ professional dancers..like the tv show & the proceeds go 2 the Alzheimers Association..
Defense expert: "The sleep-related complex behaviors associated with the drug" can occur the 1st time one takes it or not until 500th time.
PD is on the move!
yeah! That would be awesome! Sounds like a plan. My Summer is completely open so I am going to take advantage :))
It's crunch time now. Tweet, text, email and call friends and family reference Punch#21 Roderick D. Vereen for Congress 2010
Sorry! I missed it! AWESOME:)
hahaha!!! I bought ME2 and 3 for PS3 to play as femshep. I don't think mine will have Minaj donk though I do like donk.
Happy birthday tmoney
I felt like that was towards me....
hey! He's on here: Hey Comp--pls send RBI your contact info. I don't have a current # for you. Thanks :)
Happy Friday the 13th!!
Here we go - first session of #aam2012 on organizational change. Already thoroughly charmed by Minnesota.
So monday?
he knows I love him but gurl he knows some of the shit that comes out of his mouth is like "HUH"!?!
BAH HA! The chick who was supposed to be opening was too busy getting her hair cut at Outstanding!
Thanks for the #follow!
Should I wait for something "I think" isn't gonna happen & hope for the best or would that just be wasting my time?
says "It's going to be a world of people who write code & those who don't."
that's like asking why the skys blue.
SOMETIMES? Of course, sometimes a focus on scholarship/research reveals weaknesses or aversions to that whole teaching thang.
He comes home today!
Don't be bitter. Never pays off. Trust me. Dealing with that now.
Jolene! I've never heard it live and it's my favorite song of yours. I'll see you in Cheyenne again.
Jay will thank me for this later.
So. Marshmallows for breakfast are totally appropriate, right?
Throw a Taco Party!!
think we'll need to see your security clearance before you can proceed w/o us.
Finding random bloody cuts on ur body and not knowing how they got there
DIAMONDS & PEARLS COUTURE COMMERCIAL (SPRING 2012): via
You're amazing! & a great singer! Keep up the great work! :)
I love that checked in with us last week!
Don<U+0092>t take jobs as a game tester from just one company
Momma I remember what you told me
really doesn`t get why people like brunch
Nirvana is one of the best bands in history
No worries. Bought Kelli a female Rose City Red and it reminded me.
Work? So far so good
i havent been online
Your blackout rules are ridiculous!! I'm sorry doesn't have MLB Package, but no reason to blackout ALL Games...GREEDY B#$%^ES!!!
How many investments in education, infrastructure and our future do republicans pass up that we wind up paying for and have nothing to show!
a pocket dildo?:/
My school dnt even have pep rallys
you right
I am in Baltimore now. Was in SoFlo. Moved + being treated like boo who again. Not happy
hahah I'm hoping he delivered! I'll find out when I get home tonight.
Some people just never change. .
I hate BC Powder. But it works though
West Side..!!! Lol wouldn't that be funny if they were a gang.. furry thugs yoking bitches up for they cookies and food! Lol
It's Shout Out Sunday! Sending love to some old school followers
(pt. 2) Please join us tom. @ 10 am (202 C St., 12th fl) to show support & ensure SD won't become the Wisconsin of the West!
Correction! The Go Go Green Race is on October 22!
Don't forget to shop at Tysons tonight to benefit McLean Project for the arts.
hola mi little monster
Relationships aren't toys, you can't just pick one up play with it, drop it, and move right along to the next one.
yea... But it could happen lol :)!! Oh we can have a chain of interviews!!
it would be cool if she was the singing lady in eraserhead. (lana del rey(diator)).
I just don't know anymore
Is everyone following the awards?
Nothing worse than a catcher with no energy.
good. my chaps could use some patching.
I would love it if you followed me back -- I love your tweets!
"1, 2, 3, 4.." Normal People: "5".. Mahomies: "SOON AS YOU WALK THROUGH THE DOOR!.. *le starts singing the whole song*(;
Not running for President these days shows one is actually quite smart.
In the movie Pale Rider. What does Clint Eastwoods character put in his safety deposit box and what does he take out? Reply on this tweet.
I wish I could win the league once every 44 years.
iron starr
I fixed my contact after 4 hours of being blind! I can see again<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
Our boiler broke and we have no heat! The 2 tiny space heaters are not helping much. Brr!
Editing photos from the Sonoma trip today.
OMFG I haven't been on twitter in a few days and now I see this video that Justin has posted ajsjdjfjvmvnhgjtirjmfnbncmjdmjfjgnjdkdkd
ha, you forgot go to acting class
Biopsy finally done. Onto Five Guys for first meal of the day. Fuck yes to calories.
I'd like to see things from your point of view, but I can't seem to get my head that far up your ass.
GState fans hating on their owner during Mullins ceremony was BRUTAL, but not as brutal as RBarry's brown suede Easy Rider jacket! LOL!!
Mcdnlds before the beach.
Just landed in Norfolk after amazingly messy flight situation out of nyc--on 700 club tomorrow a.m. Talking bout Cry out America.
yep not too bad
Sad part is he flopped set and I didn't get all his money! Oh well!
When bad things happen to the best people<<<
Its kinda weird that my prom group consist of one other couple & the girl is someone i met a few months ago
Seriously how can anyone not like Josh Hamilton? A great story and a great guy. Over the last 5 or 6 years he's become one of my favorites.
We believe in the power of dignity in counseling.
And we're off! Can't wait to ride on recycling to Auburn!
got a dude rappin for the bill and he's rappin for UK.
If you get the chance RUN to see the hilariously talented Lauren Weedman in "No, You Shut Up" tomorrow 766-9412
. as a Cheesehead, Green Bay represent!
getting closer! spending much time on the promo, premarketing, starting some artwork, still have some mixes to do. Thx 4 asking!
what's that your tweeting???
I hate that's all merica
Cerus (NASDAQ:CERS) announced it has signed a new 2yr agreement commencing 11/9/11 with the French national blood service, (EFS).
that chubby black girl was giving all kinds of ms minaj realness.
Anyone have acar adventure story? We would like to give away free promotions to those with the funniest story!
S/o to my new follower <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
don't be scared babe! You'll do great! Just breathe!
#Follow & #Travel! The finest #Hotels in #NewMexico & more!
how are you? :)
I hope we make it to the #FinalFour just to play Louisville
Drinkin champagne to forget yesterday, cause i remember the way it ended that day that i walked away.
Twin Comforters
is my best friend
Just got a lady to pay for our shots
Just listened to the first rough of Torches... holy awesome.
my ex got addicted to pills ;; you don't kno how that shit feels - mentally...
LOL! Awww..thank you so much! I love you! :)
nice one! So not in Venice working on beats :) you needed a day off! Enjoy BC and home made tacos
The Dallas Cowboys will finish season 7-9
welcome to our twitter world! fyi we also have a London one:
has anyone made your goal celebration mating call a ring tone yet? I'd buy it :)
haha, word? i pretty much spend life there jr high and +
Thank goodness the ice is finally gone, but it's still cold so come to one of our locations for a good book or movie to watch at home!
Hurricane weather is upon us! New Weather SFX is up now in Sound Design! Check it out on #productionvault!
If there's a team in the more pampered and babied then the pittsburgh penguins I don't know em
Dance moms? Yeah buddy<3
Tomorrow catch me at the AA game s/o to looking for a show.
I missed Brooke and Jay :)
My celebration broken by a 101 halt. :( sitting on side of the road... party on halt
What's up everybody who wanna tweet ? If u wanna tweet ! Tweet me !
Forgive my husband Ryan G. for Crazy Stupid Love. We needed the easy money for our kitchen remodel.
Thank you for your assistance with our Fraud Liaison Center issue. We finally received closure with our issue today. Thanks!
How are you!
liar, liar!
So work on the new house commenced today--before I even own it--with my spectacular father starting to strip wallpaper and paint.
yes! And thanks again for encouraging attendance at the next
every1 add she's so disney. sweeter than any disney girl u can think of add her before she becomes too famous1 she follows bk
Please please PLEASE say happy bday to my friend Rosie?
Sun-poisoning... awesome sauce.
Lil Wayne – It’s Good feat. Drake / Jadakiss. New music at www.latest-hiphop.com this is that Jay-z diss track from Wayne, Enjoy.
Voter Registration and Awareness Event. York College. Today between 11am - 4pm.
It surely will be epic badassery!
enjoying 's #muybridge this morning
do you know anyone that wants to buy an ultra ticket?
Getting a Random text from an annoying person<<<
Want somebody to live!!!!! But who?
Baby please don't go. If I wake up tomorrow will you still be here?
ah, went into the bum steer file 12 hours ago
I have a renewed love for Rented a car from and got two parking tickets for $52.50 each and paid a tow fee of $254.
My fighter is 5lbs closer to his weight goal. Gotta love helping people reach their potential!
Great run this morning with and Dad! Love this weather and love running with those 2!
On Google&#39;s New Metrics For Online Ads - MediaNama
I find it so annoyong that i still fight with my ex boyfriend... we both need to grow up.... & I need to move on
Thank ya mam! :)
Since switching from purely digital to hybrid, I am piling up original art pages in my office, probably in false hope I could ever sell them
Does anyone happen to be around the hospital ish area and want to drive me home like now ish
y is your jersey not available for women? I can't fit into a men's size jersey! Lol
Had a very humbling birthday.
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite musicians?
How does anyone attend ETSU and yet hate squirrels? Madness!
Celtics ALL THE WAY!!!! ;)
It is very true, that the way you think creates reality for yourself. Oprah
I don't like it when people try to help me with my problems, I prefer to run away from them. Thanks :-)
yeah, Seamless is my single largest credit card expense...
about to get on my first VA flight let the party begin!! :-)
Its hard to think there r ppl out there who are so grateful to have me in their lives
About Succeeding in Life? - "A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five." - Groucho Marx
Asked what the play was supposed to be on his jump shot that could've put the Celtics up 3, Rondo said, "I don't even know."
good morning everyone!!! Early Morning grind!!
What color did you get yours? Welcome to the iPad family ma nigga :-D RT My iPad is so sexy
hey my bad, I've been working hard In the studio. I'll be releasing a song this month!!! Wats up
“: #ThingsIReallyCantStand when people cancel LAST minute” who would cancel on you!!!
i'm struggling to finish Nip/Tuck and I'm 2 seasons behind on Glee. This show is definitely his best
who is happy i am ok 4 right now?
FB RT: IN State Fair tweet "No concerts in the grandstand 4 the remainder of the Fair. May move remaining shows 2 Conseco, Verizon or Lawn."
major congrats / hallelulujah to Dr. Trust me when I say, I never thought this day would come.
I'm not a coffee drinker but today I wish I was so I could throw that steaming hot brown piece of liquid shit at some people
Starting a new blog reviewing my experiences of trying to drink 365 bloody marys this year - www.chicagolandbloodymary.com - check it out!
RT : Join us TOMORROW from 12-1 in M101 for our annual Meet and Greet with English faculty and students! Come and enjoy...
That's gotta make you at least a sextuple threat by now. :) Have a great weekend.
the random as cats photos killed me
I've seen better photos in Philly
I need warm weather right here right now
Display ads aren't going away in the near-term, But think they're most effective when part of larger digital/social strategy.
haha that's so funny
I'm not into vampires but that was clever
What time?
yes. we're coming to the wine soak if I don't see you before then.
I was RTing tweets then got off
Red Hook Lobster DC highly recommended. Had Lobster roll and Whoopie pie. Yummy.
not sure yet :D
Had a friend show me around #RackSpace Fri & couldn't wait 2 put N an app RT : SA companies boast happy workers
thank you good sir...hard work beats talent any day. Now you know i dont sleep. I just grind. Thats why i like ur style.
And Flames answer with a run of their own to make it 6-5 Virginia, mid 5th. E. Cipolloni, S. Harris, Johnson due up for
jay-z blue lol rt #LivFamFeudQues name a specific shade of blue
adding "i don't lick envelopes" to my resume
hah.Thnks “: can't wait for to talk to about Dec.'s employment numbers on Weekend Business....oh wait. :(”
Thanks Kevin! RT : at your Northgate location, you guys are always ver professional. Nice work!
My tweets are all over the place this morning. I guess it's been a while because I have so much to share...
You r welcome! RT : Thanks for the treats at , !! Great way to brighten up a
I will give that one a shot if you give "Sitting by the dock of the bay a shot" then we'll be duet ready.
plan for the night... vodka and a good book
Huntsman: Accepted ambassador position w/ Obama because it was the patriotic thing to do
We have been working with George Crumb for years and premiering his works. We are premiering a new work in 8 days!
Perfect timing!! Jennifer and I have a mtg this afternoon already set up! How's 2:30?
Practicing walking around in my cowboy boots. Hopefully I get the rest of my wardrobe tomorrow.
Continue to flatter by a vapid narcissist; help me get up to a 1000 followers by the end of the year!
you're overestimating weather impact on passing in gb during playoffs. Passing will be a down but not e-nuf to neutralize arodg
And yes Caps! :) so how was you're day? :)
Giveaway Alert: Off Our Chests Children ’s Tees Celebuzz is giving away 5 of these adorable children ’s tees! The super soft shirts by
You can't stop The Blake Show <3
:) I will get a package together by Friday
Windows 7 looks like a winner are you guys planning launch parties?
lol omg anthony's dad
If you could create your dream burger, what would it consist of? Tell us about it!! We can't wait to hear your yummy ideas.
where are you sitting?
Thanks for the post, Josh. See you next week.
Congrats to for qualifying for the freeroll with runner up finish in event
Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart
Being single is boring!
we are visiting family in Kearney this weekend. Hope you are having a joy filled Easter.
Can't believe people are tweeting at 1:30 in the morning. I'm only tweeting because it's almost
Take everything with a grain of salt, unless it's really salty already, in that case take it with a grain of pepper
I have bad luck .... I think O_o
Took lots of pictures of all the pretty flowers at White River Gardens. Time for wings at before more lazy home time. :D
You know what would go good with the new episode of tonight? A nice, hot bowl of beardsoup. Don't forget your camera!
I think and are the freaking best!!
Listening to the White House Correspondents' Dinner while I edit my thesis...sometimes I miss living in DC
And I thought you really wanted to be my friend.
We've taken over the handle for the day! Be sure to ping us with video questions, editing, storytelling, etc.
Thank you for that! I hate the cmd-shift-opt-v garbage for the paste and match style bullshit
#HappyMothersDay THOSE WITH GOOD RELATIONSHIP'S W/MOM...
Explosive poop has been contained within my now moist diaper for far too long. I would appreciate it very much to receivea clean one soon.
is hosting a fresh Bloggers Lounge at SIC. Join in on the conversation
Good morning Sleepwalkers! Michelle here! I was wondering who plans on checking out our new EP? ...time is getting close!
Pretzels are buy one get one free, O&Co Black Olive Tapenade is buy one get one free!
Hey Nick
Retweet if you don't think #hookah has anything to do with illegal #drugs!
I love that idea - maybe you should have a televised #reaping , too? Just a thought.
safe travels! Say hi to everyone for me. hugs.
Last night I signed up to run the Tower of Terror 10 miler on 9/29, a night race that ends @ the Tower of Terror. SO. FREAKING! EXCITED!!!
you can do it!
I'm thankful for sentences ending with a preposition with.
In a bit, reviewing footage for another lengthy editing job. Project is not super exciting, but the pay is good.
I know....it's insane! Elemental Pilsner is good by but it isn't traditional.
Thank you George Harrison for Devil In Her Heart, All Things Must Pass & paying for Life of Brian, among other things, of course.
Yasss Aries! I'm trying to find your bloggy blog? ended up on your personal fb. Best cover photo I've seen. but um wheres the blog?
don't look at me
I will stand in as much as possible. Missing an important appendage, though.
I retweeted that tweet as well!
what is your favorite tv show and movie? #HungerForUnger :)
Very true, very true! We all have our own DNA. Made perfectly.
"You're Steve Mason at drinking." Literally laughing out loud right now.
Whoop whoop!! Party over here! Damn I'm hella jacked
Just spoke with Geraldo Rivera re #caseyanthonyverdict. "Shocking!"... direct quote.
Are you in the San Diego area and interested in Tribal Energy Cardio? Contact me about classes. I have packages available.
#TheyNeed2BringBack Bruce Lee
Nice! Sure is a timely topic to write on. I'm amazed at how much folks spend on food. Which is why I cook and not my wife, lol
Anyone know who might have a photo of Emery Thornell, Sheriff of Decatur, IL 1958-1962?
thank you! It has come up a lot in discussions too, I'm realizing not all orgs realize the benefits.
Thanks for the mention!
Oh I agree. Probably no greater 8th Commandment transgressor than this guy.
Me either :/
I followed her! ;) will she follow back? ;)
you gon learn today, you gon learn what a long dick is today, aright aright aright!
"I put my mind towards it I don't never forfeit." is the best
Stumptown Sumatran in the cup. Battleship SFX on the docket. Sweet incoming text message on the cell. Fuzzy slippers. Life is good.
Dentist appointment was dumb, my teeth hurt now. Gonna try to enjoy some Chinese food with my dad. :3
They were attending a broadway play near times square :)
In going to need some convincing to go to Jakes tonight.
If and when you're in #Vegas you must get to at | A property
Things getting rowdy in school board meeting. Police kicked out one man...now chants of "call police off".
did you ever figure it out?
- thanks for spreading the word, we look forward to seeing you today!
It feels like a hot, summer night. But it's March...
Fell off of a skate board yesterday and took a chunck out of my hand. Yumm
Thanks so much for the retweet, we definitely saw an uptick in respondants.
the wizards couldn't take a time out!
#piano makes great sounds.
you never know with her though
wait... what does that say... I think the screen is a bit small... better upgrade.
Uploaded1 I am away this weekend
Yo I swear on my baby's momma yo.
it definitely does. I'm really happy you stepped up to volunteer for them.
RT I don't need anybody's approval to be me.
that's the G-code. Only love'em when they R around lol (ok I'm get'n too carried away LOL)
Sufficiently excited for the Decemberists show tomorrow that I bought tix for the Indy show in Aug. Bright Eyes too.
im Going to a water park in the middle of winter(:
After a hard weekend of the Slabtown Showdown we fixed all the glitches caused by heavy use. That was a fun weekend.
You were great! #highenergy “: Spoke today on an #ITUP2012 panel, on how we can and must get millions enrolled in coverage day 1
Ugh well night douches.
Audition for 'Grown Ups 2' tomorrow morning. hopefully, this turns out successful (: x
Somebody call me so I can take my mind off of things! (:
love that, funny as hell haha
#VJ's and/or #DJ's, if you'd like to be on my VIDEO BLAST, email me at djdylan.sa @ gmail...
Delmon's bat throw was directly towards the umpire. Lawrie's helmet throw was aimed towards the ground and bounced
aweww thanks for the shout outs!
A random caller looking for some information also gave me medical advice.
Driving through northbrook really brings back memories of old times before the hood took over my life
Flower, you are awesome.
LOL. We must use the force to stop that phrase from being repeated over & over again today! I've lost count. :)
So I showed my dad the "why you asking all them questions" video and now he plans on quoting it Monday to his students.
just checked. Tickets already sold out. Well have to catch her next year haha.
I'm watching my idiot neighbor put his trash cans out 3 days too early. Did I mention he's an idiot?
Had 2 format my Memory Card :(.
Melanie won :)
Could the I do some new drops/jingles fi de radio show: "R.U. IRIE" RED ROSE @ WRSU/88.7fm NJ Sat. 6-10pm BLESS ~Selah
We don't even fuck no more we make love she's on the tip of my tongue like taste buds.
Hey Twitter Vocal Rush thanks U all for Getting us to #101 Followers!
Vassar sent acceptance letters to 76 applicants it meant to reject. I feel their pain. I've been having that exact anxiety dream for 25 yrs.
Listening to Russell Perkins at
Ice cream burrito please.
Cooking a big homemade meal alone with my man :) lubbb youu hubby <3
God is in control of ALL things whether you believe or not. I really dont care. thats your deal to deal w in the after life.
Never underestimate my sneakiness. :D
Thanks for the referral! How are you??
Finals tomorrow... lots of prayers needed please! <3
that's how they do it at Kentucky Fried Panda: "It's Finger Ling Ling Good!"
LOL :D I'll just tell her it doesn't work out
uh-maze-balls!
I love ! Seriously amazing info on there....go check it out!!
I'm too lazy to text you so I'm tweeting you :) get ova here NOW whore.
Yes! had ROCKINGEST time w gal pals last Fri..I wanna do it again!
I have mixed feelings.
Depending on the medium and what they claim, I can give you a rough idea of how their doing what they do.
have fun - go phils!
killed it tonight. I don't even watch but this girl has some pipes.
I'm gonna lose my mind cause everybody's leaving me behind in the dust, you advance I stand here and face plant right into the ground
“ My love life suck big ass for real”
& follow me <U+263A> PlEASE!
Crime Stoppers has just reached 600 followers! Help us get to a 1000 by recommending us to fellow Newark residents and their guests. Thanks!
Its only one quarter
Annoyed by charity repeatedly calling and asking me to renew membership. A good charity but don't like being badgered. Going at it wrong way
you're not verified. now get that off your bio.
Awww :( That's sad but I understand why. Well, we'll miss you.
follow back fam!! need to DM yu a move!!
I'm sick, tired...and soo glad to be going home!
i had an "almost to 900 followers!" moment, and then took a step back. quality, not quantity, people. how are you, friends?
best place on Frenchmen. Insane service for Mardi gras day!!!!
NO ROWING CLUB EQUIPMENT until Thursday at 4pm.
Finally figured out how to use Square ...was swiping the card the wrong way.Definitely gets 5 stars.Awesome concept for small businesses.
new version original?
luxury jet service to atlanta.
Writing tip: If you insist on writing perfect dialog in fiction, your character better be a monarch.
Dont forget to talk to Bucher about #bucks #warriors trade.
Broccoli: "I look like a tree." Walnut: "I look like a brain. " Mushroom: "I look like an umbrella." Banana: "Dude?! Change the topic."”
Surprise: looking at business card a client supplied, thinking "Huh, that font works really well, what is it?" Answer: Times New Roman.
Reward your administrative assistant, secretary, receptionist and everyone else on your team with health insurance. Call us today to...
I lived in Mich. This was normal winter,: SNOW! Schools , govmnt, stores stayed open or they wld have been closed all the time.
Moments for everydays with homeworks...Portuguese homework, geograph and math. Now, starting the english! O-oh Lol.
would love to connect and touchbase about the industry if you have a couple minutes? Enjoy the LA weather! 30 deg here in NYC!
Would like to know the answer to that question!
Grab a domain and get a FREE web site with FREE Promotion for USA Musicians and Venues - www.usamusician.net/website-hosting-musicians.htm
#harlem #art Lynn Lieberman's work hanging at Land Yoga and going fast. Get your original and own a piece of Harlem history.
Remember, you get out of life what you put into it!! Everything won't be easy but it's how you react to set backs!
Sure enough, the first stop I made out shopping today was for gelato. Can't resist!
hell yeah!! I'm good with whatever...
George Peterson of ABET, Inc. to speak at CHEA Annual Conference and International Seminar. See Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
no you're still an idiot go hear the message i left you
Early in 1909, a group of laborers who had organized a club named “The Tramps,” went to the Pythian Theater to see a musical comedy...
I'm not being hateful I just get tired of being asked the same thing 20 million times
I hate not knowing anyone at a party.
aw.that's sweat
I got like 3 shades darker :P
Also, John Waters once politely nodded and said "hello" to me in passing. I was between him and a snack table.
I am glad you like it i am working on lots more I will keep you posted. Thank you
Via Blazer President Larry Miller denies team tried to rush Oden back after injuries.
Now more than ever, company marketers are charged with improving performance with fewer resources and shifting marketing budgets from...
Its not uncommon for a coach to block a player from a potential opponent. ACC/B1G Challenge. Iowa State is the one I question.
I know :S too quiet
Stop the viruses spreading.Don't click suspicious links on Twitter, it may be dangerous.
RT : We will tweet throughout the conference. Whether attending or not, feel free to join our discussion at
Lmfao Lol O Well We On Twitter Not School
My local book has philles -1.5 +125, I dont bet baseball but that looks pretty damn good.
#nowplaying Rain <U+266A> Dryve - Still one of my favorite guitar solos ever.
In a restaurant, waitress just handed me a glass of soda. As I put it down, the glass split cleanly in the middle. Messy, but entertaining.
Yep it's nice to meet you :)
Thank you for Liking my FB page! Just hit 4,001. They say numbers don't count, but it still feels good ;-)
Congrats on second consecutive Southland Conference title!
It"s official! We are heading back into the studio with critically acclaimed engineer Chris Cosgrove. Full album is on the way soon!
Appreciate it man!! Good for you!!
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay "I like Girls"
For all you NASCAR fans, we just passed Jeff Burton's tow vehicle on I-65 south 45 minutes north of Indy.
How many hours per Saturday?
Had so much fun. Covered in frosting & jellybeans. Life's good! RT Cupcaking w/ is a dream.
Yea, you! You rock, darlin'.
Ate at the King and I.. then drinks at the Hyatt's new Signature Bar... Great Blueberry Mojito!
#artpolitics "recessive acting" or "quiet politics"
How about just 4 hours?
Looks like im waking to mcdonalds withiut a jacket .....
It's 10 AM and I already need a drink....
<U+0093>Don<U+0092>t Stop Reading Until you Realize These Important Facts About Our Quick & Easy Opening a Boutique System<U+0094>
Appreciate the RT, Thank you!
what app did you use on those photos? they are so vintage looking
If we're n a relationship & ur not communicating.. I start assuming... That could b dangerous...
Hah! Who got the most dates? Matrix Keanu or Bill & Ted Keanu?
i thought they just reprinted something of his.
Albuquerque! Favorite place to watch football in New Mexico?
Damn right she got it good, Hell yeah she got it made ;)
Lmfaooo RT : Ima make it rain M.A.C eyeshadow palettes at the club.....bitches love eyeshadow.
Enjoy and thank you!
I loved hosting the 1st part of the Houston #NASATweetup. A lot of great questions from a great group of space fans!
Who says Orton can't throw the long ball?
test number 2
just Canada, no AK
WWW.BOULDERSITE.COM launched it's new design and is now accepting clients for SEO, Web Site Design and Content Writing
I'm always interested to talk to my followers (:
I still don't like you.
Seems like I never sleep.. Thank GOD for coffee!
We finally got a copy of Imamura Shohei's 1967 "A Man Vanishes" I read about in college. Unfortunately, it's for the Donald Hall Coll.GRRR.
Just watched first three episodes of $5 Dollar Cover by MTV. Great music.
look, maybe a dance idk i just need something fun
i wanna take aride in ur
was just on a binge && holy fuck. <3
Watching "the killing". Never would've pegged rosie larsen's mom for a mudhoney fan.
omg his head creep me out n so does stewies -_-
The only time I will make disrespectful or ignorant jokes is with my closest friends. NOT the internet. You don't know who's reading it.
I just thought of this: "Life is to be used." I wonder if i invented the quote or heard it somewhere
Just got my Music Beta by Google Invite! #GuessIKnowWhatI'mDoingTonight
Haha very true. Which is exactly why I wasn't shocked.
Loved the "voice" style chair swivel. Team Stofflet!
We wish you a very happy holiday and a safe new years. We look forward to a great 2012!
... hating on what? The fucking joke of a baseball team in Oakland?
does not need a #GlassBox that takes up valuable and cherished Lake Mendota shoreline space.
...all roads lead to Athens
let's go out and get crayy
LOVE ME LOVE ME LOVE ME
wait one direction week?! lucky im jealous
identi.ca is supported on Ping, pretty rad.
ah :/ that stinks! dumb hackers!
If you enjoy a novel-don't forget to go to amazon/bn.com & click LIKE button &/or leave review. It helps other readers find your fav books.
Events are as we see them; relationships are no exception, and neither is life. Positive attitudes result in positive lifestyles.
You're 17 around the neck, 42 around the waist, and 106 around the golf course
- Can't To See How all MY Babies Look Tonight!
nah son..this what its about for LeBron..we know he can do everything else..its about crunch time
#WorstPartAboutTheMorning having to put your bra back on ._.
ABSOLUTELY NOT YOURS!!!
Killing!! Dang man.
Thanks for the retweet :) Have a great week!
I don't like those people that got to yell out "yes!" & "Amen!" every second. & the people in the choir that can't sing but in it anyway
Hey , ignore all those guys and thanks for my awesomely termed mortgage!
Klaus still here, but in Tyler's body. Caroline has no idea. Stefan chosen by Elena. She now a vampire. WHOA.
kudos to Sarah!
"Miracles are things that happen when you prepare for them." Marcia L. A. Dyson. I am enjoying a day of preparation. You?
That's it, I'm going in for giant coffee
let us undo the knots of every contract made by violence; let us tear up all unjust agreements; let us give bread to the hungry . . .
Less than a week till the Silverton show, y'all! The t-shirts are here and ready to go too... Get one while they last!
I should ask you the same thing!
I bet mine will
I only went out for a walk and finally concluded to stay out till sundown, for going out, I found, was really going in. ~John Muir
aww naah everyone is beautiful! even you! im sure you put a smile on someones face everyday<3
I'm loving 5/3 Bank today -- just realizing how much time I save paying bills using their system. #PowerMoves in the mobile space too.
What do you know about "The Singularity?"
Entity diagrams... "read the space that you're dealing with"
RT went to KFC n asked how much was the bucket on the roof
I hate how after an argument I think of really clever stuff that I should have said.
2 days away... and counting
As opposed to Google, our online library won't face a copyright probe :)
No problem! It's not too bad, we make it worth it!
When you try to put your contact on but your eye rejects it. <<<
Remembered I still haven't re-installed Photoshop on my laptop since it crashed, got all anxious & twitchy. We've never been apart so long.
has been dreaming about skating.
Wrote this for - 40,000 Students in San Diego County Still Need Whooping Cough Vaccination
Bedlam in World’s Tallest Building!
Fucking hate my shitty fucking job. I work with idiots
Now they're jamming Heart in the production dept. THAT I can get behind.
lol i bet rob was in line >.< lol jk
Out in about
let's keep on hoping u can make it down! Or we get out butts up there :)
LOL! "Assassins! Murderers!"
lol RT : This boy added me on oovoo talkin bout He Straight..Nigga lying...my Icon is my dick bitch..U saw something u liked!
oh my god! I want them! Send them to my new PO box.
Tweaking mixes. It's hard not to be a control freak in this stage of a song.
baby!!!!! You are living!!!!!!!!! Let the Balty countdown begin....
What I learned today... when upgrading OSes on EC2, don't skimp on the resources! The micro instance ain't gonna cut it...
right now say something (:
leads Denver 6-5 at the intermission.
November 8th new mac
Watching "Lost Girl" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
it's definitely my favorite and I definitely sing it all the time and also have a playlist on my ipod called sleepy SLEEPY dwarf
Maybe? Maybe? WTF, Baxter? I'm counting on it!
I hear ya! hummus and pita chips are like my bread and butter haha
I got 245,366 on Temple Run! highscore i know its not alot ... But just gettin started!
Feeling lazy on this gorgeous day in #Baltimore. Heading out to Fell's Point Festival!
finally done with work!
OMG! You look so cute with your hair slicked back!!<3
same here! May have been crazy suggesting this timeline but we are working hard to see it through !
The privatization of space ferrying is going to be a game changer. This much I promise you.
Kinda wondering WTF I'll be doing in Toronto when not working.
Haha as if! Im getting in the tub with a knife & a DRINK! #RT : Holy shit! Grab your kevlar and roll camera...
Kicking off Conference in La Jolla- a wealth of knowledge, experience and hope. thank you to all in attendance!
Thanks for the RTs !
Enjoy your night everyone..come by tomorrow for Serenity Sunday & receive 10% off all concentrates! Strain of the day is Super Silver Berry!
Bunch of jabronies
belong 2 someone else just as mike's soul went on to live another life in me. But you have to keep in mind that what were doing
LOVES sitting at her friends house awkwardly with her mom.. RT if this has ever happened to you.
Wishing I were with my mom today, but no. I'm at work, with a bunch of other people celebrating their moms.
Finally home.
that's was beautiful!! OHMYGOSH your so good! dang your room is so packed :o
Just arrived in Richmond for a day of Board of Medicine meetings but more important to hang out with my sister tonight.
It is 'death by meeting' today, but I have coffee on my side!
where will eat now,
I'm gonna give your shirt away soon bud.
Caribbean Food is calling your name at
It bothers me when the GODS get to acting like the BROADS
I'm chillin with the fam in our nations capital as of yesterday
#florals tic-tock Couture Florals and Cean One Photography team up with W.P. Miller Special Events for Niecy Nashs Bridal Shower http:/...
shit its friday??????
lmfaaao<3 we loved them Bailey
$20 is worth it, in my opinion.
Alli Simpson Is Perfect!
Mamba Almost here
We can hear the GEMA Rocks rehearsals from the lobby of DPAC and sounds like you won't want to miss our live broadcast on Saturday night!
Can someone come get me out of this hospital.
If you wanna see the name that I use to be called before I became a rapper send me a message n ill reply with my Name ok
Ooh, books! Cool!
the Canadians woman's team played very well against Germany. Snapped their streak of not allowing goals.
$5 tall sweet tea cocktails tall, $5 tall smirnoff cocktails & $3 powers shots till close. libate and hydrate post summerfest party. Cool!
#Bulls lost WTF!
GOP leaders seeking ANYONE to run for their party’s nod except cross-dressing abortion doctors or with 100+ off-shore bank accounts
#i hate when you mc donalds and they fuck up your order
thx 2 and for the cake - y'all are the best!!
The best part about getting a pedicure is the massage. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
might have a photo!
The beast inside me is fighting to come out and fight...
ok thx for asking whats new
With at dennys!
I cant wait to watch you fist pump it with the fallon...i love u
did you get your email together?
I knew it! I have actually had several people ask me if we chose November because the world is ending. They were 80% serious.
wife had surgery. Kidney stones.
I swear I always get things done #lastminute and still finish before it's due B)
Need to move ass and submit- cold weather makes me lazy.
Only thing Theo and Cubs new management are selling is the franchise's soul!
I miss you so much as well! I can't wait to see you! Hopefully soon!! I love you! :D
2-put up with all the stick I'll get
Wearing my shirt to school today.
That's a lovely accent you got, New Jersey??
• Braun out with a sore Achillies, 'day to day' but no matter how non-serious, effort to stay calm. : )
I am stuck taking a nail out of patients hand
no, im black
2nd that RT : love! RT : Love everything about the new Beautiful design, images, and insights:...
Mine's still up :P RT : 15% of patrons calling this the digital rapture since not everyone's Gmail is down
Ok good its starting to rain
It was pretty awesome! I've never seen so many cubicles in my life, but definitely seems like a very fun place to work.
Happy Thursday from the Aquarium! Hope your day is happy despite the rain!
and it made me paranoid about the low chance I could get breast cancer.
“: And the countdown begins: 52 Days until ” hell yes! Last year was epic. This year will be another one!
Lol whatever bring it on
I think video games have some built in ability to make people turn off the filter and allow anger and frustration to just flow
Today is International Kissing Day... and Darren Criss' birthday? This cannot be a coincidence.
the scene where Big and Carrie fight in the middle of the street because he doesnt want to get married and Charlotte screams at Big.
that's ok I love your tweets.
#ObamaPhotoCaption "so, what did you think of the Time Magazine cover?
The Boys from Ithaca
Hanging wt my bro
Goodmorning World. How are ya?
Just got done running 2.4 miles. Pheww. I'm pooped. And I need a shower.
Im so tired
that's my horse!
DH centers WILL have failures as they experiment.
sometimes i feel like i am a little higher in the water though :D
Well, the Sox are back from their road trip. #Zing RT : just got End of the World Dark in The Fenway
: "Blazer on tshirt: It's like the start-up mullet"”
Today I caught myself smiling reminding me of your eyes, your lips your kiss...
Watching the Taco Bell ad campaign is like kissing Abe Vigoda on a pot of Abe Vigoda's.
Thanks so much, look forward to seeing you at !
Not feeling very good. A little depressed :(
Do you think Klout & others will eventually help #custserv in this scenario by proactively identifying "really squeaky wheels"?
We're sorry to hear about your carpet! We can clean that for you!
is it bad that I'm starting to not be able to see which portions I highlighted on Word
Happy birthday Andy Warhol, Brainpower founder. Raising funds to start comics publishing biz for homeless LGBT youth www.brainpower.me
well I'm sorry u feel dat way
im great :) getting ready go to work haha dont want too how aré you?
SunandMoon is our featured #Tarot reader this week at www.shindigtarot.com Come and meet our readers on video!
Received a death threat from someone (who shall remain unnamed) wanting my twitter handle
Post your Halloween Costume Contest photos to our album to win either the best individual or group costumes!!!
My "happy place" is all the memories I've spent with you...one day ill tell you. GN :)
I miss you. A lot.
Helicopter Jousting.
We're kind of doomed on all sides. Tra la la!!! :) K
bro put some new covers on youtube! ^.^
he did that before the playoffs
actually painted by Tom Seaver,Tommy John,vida Blue&Gaylord Perry LIMITED EDITION $M go www.signatureart.comh
Exactly. I just don't know what I'd do THEN. Might make it recipe central, especially if I can protect it from kitchen splatter.
lol @ the fact that a red bull vodka is called "cheap man's cocaine" in LA
Stealing someone else's words frequently spares the embarrassment of eating your own. Peter Anderson
My mood for tonight depends on if the Lakers win or lose.
Yo...the Black Moon show is now TOMORROW AT SOUTH PAW!!! Please do not go to Brooklyn Bowl tonight looking for that show!!
Just 4 you?
Buoyed up by our success, we refuse to let this one sink to the bottom. RT: I Surrender
ya but can u promo my Twitter? Thx
I was there for you when noone else was just remember that
I had a dream that I was being chased by broccoli. Maybe it has something to do with being vegan. Veggie revenge!
no hunni itching powder makes you itch lol
free flowing like the vodka I need? :)
Oh Atlanta, can your pants crapping in the NBA playoffs be more entertaining?
“: ready for tonight?
I like that spector in your avi
nothing chilling,u?
The sun stays longer. The momentum of winter Carries the dark chill.
Whatever you can do, or dream you can begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it. Goethe
HAHAHA you have to use the makeup remover for water based makeup
Catching teachers doing bad w/SM should be easy as it leaves a trail just like cyber bulling
what about tattoo parlors? Sputtering neon errors, pawn shops, motels housing bitter NYC journalists, etc?
FOLLOW ME FOLLOW ME PLEASE i cant dm you of your not following me. Please i need help! <3
finally changed my profile pic,,,
Girls Night Out has kicked off! Stop by and enjoy free samples and good music!
I passed the eff out on Kane's new bed
I may have been born in conservative AZ but punk/HC, zines, art, feminism, freethinkers, dedicated teachers, etc., informed my perspective.
": I don't even care if you place last. A bug on ice? #winning!"
caroline just tweeted ed lyrics
Yu Darvish is making the Mariners look like... well, any other team in the league.
Congrats on your International Women of Courage award. You are an inspiration for all women.
Had 2 great photo shoots with amazing teams! So thankful! Can't wait to share the photos :)
RICK SANTORUM will never TRUST MITT. THEY both want to destroy the PRESIDENT. HATRED and RACISM is now sharing the same bed. ENDORSEMENT!
RT : "Don't you be holding back your love because in the end, you're gonna want another round."
I'm grounded -___- but Chloe said she is gonna convince them
me either ! mike fina get his butt whoop by ronnie... lol
imagine telling ppl: "Yeah, I'm a designer at the Laboratory 4 Visual Architecture... working on a digital origami tiger project."
That was about as fun as drinking warm gin from the bottle.
If you can see the lesson, you don't need the lesson.
My mom needs to get off the phone and answer me. Omfg.
Thanks for the Cherry Pie!
#superbowl after show
easy enough.
Mr. iPad...I'm about to throw you out the window. Apple store here I come.
Today is a beauty in the mile hi city ..
R.I.P #DickClark!!
IM SO HAPPY IS FRIDAY.....
Done with grad school. Again. Oot.
No prob! We love connecting #Rochester's thinkers, doers, and ideas worth sharing, so stay in touch!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 23
sat after at 9am?
I love that Dior commercial where Charlize goes all orange again....
When your old homies don't hit you up anymore </3
world trends:retarded. switching to south african.
hey dudes, that's embargoed until 2 p.m. Or at least it was.
There will b time 4 all of that
Few things feel better than a late night shower B4 bed!!
Gypsy Wisdom tonight! Don't miss them!
I have two accounts plus a friend's. :p
So excited you're here! ": We're excited to be at #nwxportland --Junior League Conference"
er i guess it's
Why is Katy Perry so obsessed with overcoming Lady Gaga?
Christianity...a set of beliefs AND a lifestyle...
Why does Indiana have to be so cold?? I'm still wearing my Northface in spring????
thanks! I'm looking forward to joining the team.
use the 5 paragraph format, Intro with 3 main ideas, 3 body paragraphs expounding on each point, then conclusion. Good luck!
Cool. Let us know how we can help.
Nope. But I know what planet Cassandra is from.. the planet of BS!
Kid Cudi, J. Cole, Nas, Wiz Khalifa, Ice Cube, and more announced for Rock the Bells Festival
Jurors inform judge about typo on verdict form. Judge Wolf says form will be reprinted.
Gallinari flop so hard
yeah I heard that too! I can't wait for the new album gonna be amazing!
YES. ENTIRELY. I'm the same way.
Cuddling with my boyfriend and watching a movie. Perfect ending of this weekend. <U+E328>
If Mondays didn't exist would Tuesdays be just as depressing?
haha...maybe someday. We'll see.
You won! Come to the union by 2 to pick up your prize or you can come to UCA 5500 later and get it there. YAY!
Whew! I was a little confused, but still excited! Have fun with the fam!!
I'm not figuring u out but there reporters on flyers beat who like start things aka the whole Richards thing (cont)
Thanks! Have a great week!
just read a wonderful tweet from way to go bill.
#FF time! ;D thank you friend!! Xxo
Morning shoutout to my new followers
At 618 its cold as a bitch. Line slow as a bitch
me too i been on the road for the last 5 hours
E0C test-_- oh how I adore mondays.
I am looking, and LSU and the moon have something in common ...they both control the Tide!
On my way to Huntsville, Al... It's 11:35 and still driving since 5:45:(((
sometimes i wanna eat a whole cak too but mom picks up the nespaper and hits me on the back of the head she was a bitch today
Follow and RT to win a $25 Gift Card every hour on Friday 8/26
If it isn't one thing it's the next, blow after blow, but I'm still standing strong.
Best. movie. ever.
Dinner with the one and only :)
The cable tv & internet service is out in NW Vancouver, WA 98663
I always say im going to be a good kid and clean my room, but five minutes later it looks like hell.
Ugh I hate that from the second I wake up I'm nauseous till I go to sleep-___-
No #FoodTruckFriday today, but we will have them back next week ready to go! Look for an announcement on who to expect early next week!
Byeing 500 shares of Facebook stock. Now
yeah I'm cool with that just let me know where
Remember those slap wrist bracelets? #coolshitfromthe90's.
FanClub 80 's Rule! Girls T-Shirt (Hot Pink)
you look like the guy in the McDonald's commercials
Russell Wilson formerly of Wisconsin is one hell of a guy. Best of luck to that dude.
follow me, please?(:
you're the best buddy Ever! Hope you loved God of Carnage.
Newt Gingrich is a self centered jerk who only wants people to do as he says, not as he does.
red or green pig or yellow or blue bird
*looks around confused* What? What did I do?
Welp..there's always my pen...
The giant red star Betelgeuse has a diameter larger than that of the Earth's orbit around the sun.
I know, you lying. That's all bad..
I have trouble picking a favorite. I fell in love with GRACELING more immediately but am so attached to both.
One of the most difficult things is not tochange society - but to change yourself
Justin Timberlake kills it everytime he hosts "Bring it on into omeletvilleeeeaaa"
Oh Mika I love you so!!!!
THE BIRD IS THE WORD AND THE WORD FROM THE BIRD IS, FASHION WEEK HITS DENVER!!! SEPTEMBER 27TH THRU OCTOBER 1ST.
Tough for me to stick with someone's blog if it's nothing but happy. Doesn't feel like being real, which I want to read.
Nope...They need to lose
it's a monthly box that's only $10 and filled with beauty goodies!
Bigger shock that Downing is going to Euros after his shocking season.
The Orange Line is not exactly scenic going to Midway.
Leach, if WSU becomes relevant and Maryland is still in the same boat, then Edsall and Kevin Anderson both will be fired
It's Thanksgiving week, what are you Thankful for? We are thankful for you, our Loyal customers !
where's my toy? Lol
School tomorrow /: Had fun shopping :) Shopped for accessories for this summer back home! #YEEUH <3
that's awesome!!
The face displayed by college students everywhere...
Outta School early cuz feelin sick.
We'd love to sign it for you ;)
When an emerging tech becomes an emerging cultural experience - then a brand needs to participate.
Im taking the night off RED STEPPERS over and out 1208 Money gone!!!
Need sleep O.o
well. We got daddy's credit cards to charge up. What's a boy to go?
Ocean Beach Kite Festival takes place March 5 from 9 am to 4 pm at the OB recreation center. Craft fair, kite making and a flying contest!
My blowout. Lol RT : 0.o why would you needa go to the barbershop?
Hawks Tonight!!
awk moment when I'm trying to dye it brown and it goes jet black again
GIRL YOU KNOW IT :) super pumped bro0o0o0o0o
"It's too late to even contemplate, because you demonstrate, how you and I don't have the same fate"
Our pleasure!
Big New Coming Soon. Yall Might Wanna Like Xspo + Yung J.r + Ace Txs New Music Pages
Don't forget that Melinda Wang '99 is leading a tour of a few Chelsea art spaces this Sat. (9/12) at 12PM! Contact melindawang(at)gmail.com
Flight #3 with no upgrade. At least I was loser number 2 this go around.
why don't you just become a male stripper/escort? You would have to make way more money that way..
What are you most looking forward to this year at Black Nativity?
my eye hurts
Oh and yes I am proud to be 40 cause I still look 25 without surgery. What up bitches.
It may be Super Tuesday, but add some and it'll become ULTRA MEGA TUESDAY. Pretty cool, eh? We know who wins this caucus.
Stay faithful to him he will be faithful unto you!!!
Sweet!!! I'll definitely catch ya. Can't wait to meet up!! Not so sure I wanna post my # on here do u have FB/E-mail hook me up
Great conversation with Ken Clark today. Want to give a shout-out to Brad Clark of One CO who is on with Ken now.
It's a cozy cardigan kind of a day
taco hats for everyone! thx for coming to
I can tell monitoring mama hummingbird is going to cut into my productivity but sacrifices must be made for backyard science, right?
coffee time!!
i have like, 7 algebra assignments.
Not yet! Hanging in there!
A Look Behind Apple's App Store Curtain - WCYB
You're welcome
I appreciate that you crafted an elaborate excuse for watching "The happy hooker goes to hollywood."
Is sustained success possible in the NFL or does he ever foresee a rebuilding year when #Ravens take salary cap hit and go 4-12?
I want to be my new bf!
who are ya going for this draft?
awe dark gtg .c
Time management is a key component of successfully running a business. Analyzing it will help focus on weak areas that need fine-tuning.
Being able to sleep while awake
Just made a a pan of tiramisu, lots of coffee, booze and layered with Marscarpone. NEED TO STAY AWAY.....
King of Kings and Lord of Lords! He is risen.
Kindle now has a cool feature in which you email yourself pdfs and docs. Technology is great.
Nothin like watchin scream in the middle of the night
Good luck to all those running the this Sunday on behalf of Blue Card
WhT do u call a homeless, broke man? A nigga!!! Lmao
I saw a report saying hydrogen cists $2 per gallon and potentially has up to 70 mpg in cars. where you at? Get one on the line!
entertain me fellow twitter citizens :D
how many people were at the Red and Blue game?
Why is it that on every college campus there's some crazy guy yelling about the bible?
Morining Todd! Nice to "see" you before I head out for the day. Have a good one. RT : Morning Leslie.
Any Animal?
We hope you all enjoy the show! Say 'Hi!' to us in the lobby pre-show!
Be good, have fun.
AWHH, I LIKE YOU TOO. ;)
I know right! haha I bet and that's so true :)
omg i hate you eww get away
Good for you! A lot of people want to be liked and negative feedback is though.
When upper room by kid cudi starts to play its like fuck you, you, you and you...
Blueberry Milshake from wins! Wheres the blueberry in #DC????
Blessings to you on your birthday ! I love you, sis!!!
hey baby i love you follow your boo baq <3.<3
At 1145 get to find out if and can bring home innovator awards.
it's in the works!
text me, tomorrow! Let's make plans. Kay!?!? (:
yup, but it runs faster on the phone :D I love using both!!
IT'S NOT A GAME DALLAS! WE'RE TAKIN OVER THE SUMMER! When you see 50+ Challengers, Camaro & Chargers in a single file line, you know its C3!
Nice view....
Thanks for the follow. You have a great team with and Keep up the great work.
Let's GET R DONE!
Using Airplay on Apple TV opens a new level of connectivity to our classroom displays by iOS. Now just have to get our network to support.
We have officers across the country for conference week! #AHA2011, #APA, and #ALA11. for more info
those work for me. How about friday night?
Plowing the fields. Like Jason Aldean says "I'll take you for a ride on my big green tractor."
no comment on quality but when they shot in Baltimore they used our library's archives to ensure historical accuracy. That was cool.
ESPNs Adam Schefter: Eagles WR DeSean Jackson inactive vs. Cardinals; missed team meeting Saturday
Can't wait to see all the great pics is discreetly taking from the sidelines. Will they be up on the #dcnyc10 website?
RT Architect Lew Dominy on new Parish Hall at St. Therese of Carmel; it's a sports court, dining and meeting hall. bit.ly/oByMtT
I'll keep your words in mind as I welcome our new senators to their offices in the State Capital
i swear older girls are nicer than younger ones
Today's the last day of beer week! Get out there and enjoy the last day...until next year.
I would argue if they take care of these first two in Boston, wouldn't be the worst idea
When life puts you in tough situations, don't say WHY ME just say TRY ME...then give it your ALL!
Just because Christmas is a week from yesterday, doesn't mean no acting opportunities. I even have an audition this evening.
Girls say I'm romantic and have a way of sweet talking I didn't notice I just talk
yes yes you are
Ha! Not at all. "your biggest fan wants to talk with you." Better than stalker?
agreed. They also need to learn how to critique other wrk and create a constructive conversation about their impressions.
Ride and shine!
I thought you were gonna RT people? :(
Bike that I own? My Giant Defy 0.
Getting back into His word. Feels good!
Its so nice to hear that spine tingling, breathtaking, quivering sound of F1 engines expunging their 800hp by shouting at 200mph!
Yes. the list will not be ready for another 30 min, after that you will be good
I love fun imdb discoveries
please remove me from your followers this is a professional network and looks out of place, thanks
- you need to keep it tack w/ me girl !
hello Chachi how are you? <3
NaLee2010.cm CHECK IT OUT!!!
thanks SEC the conference of champions football Alabama basketball Kentucky
Pahahahaha! That is so, so weird.
This is excellent. Teachers mold the minds of the future, and should be celebrated! Congratulations Teacher of the Year, Brad Nornhold!...
- "Wash Away"
ok thanks, ill message the commish and make sure that's the setup.
I know, I know..
I wish we could start it all over
Props to the baseball team sweeping KU this year. The Shox won at Eck last evening 10-2.
In welk land?
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Doing a series on YouTube is a great way to increase your views. (Part 1, Part 2, etc.)
Most witches are like that. They are not interested in things or people unless they can use them; they are terribly practical.
What about your fans in SF? AT&TPark would be the perfect setting for
I have always wanted to walk away from an exploding building in slow motion $
Ik He Sleepy And imma Be So Mad If He Goes To Sleep On Me .!!!....
The sky is blue.
If we were playing kickball, I'd pick you first.
Mediocrity doesn't make you become a better person. Mediocrity doesn't distinguish you in the marketplace. Mediocrity doesn't inspire others
Now up, Mike Aguirre.
Great idea! I have a couple of more coming in. I will collect the ideas and share them with the committee. How will we choose?
its all good!
Will work for antiques and random objects...Get It Gone Colorado!
Walmart is crap, Figgins is crap. That's all I was trying to say. Evidently, it was a horrible attempt. Lol.. :)
roomie just moved out.
Very disappointed A squandered chance and who knows if this team will get another shot....Big Drag
We Just B Fuckn Round . >>>
ticket punched for the second round with a perfect OT goal. go !!!
Im not a messenger so dont treat me like one!!!!
Having #dimsum at The Palace in Los Feliz. Love the table side presentations here. About to feast on some chicken feet.
you live right next door to a gay bar it's easy hun
RT : #Acting is sometimes a process of becoming, of states we have to go through.
Thank you! Currently, I'm really only asking for help spreading the word, letting the web page ask for financial support.
Thx for the support, Melissa! " - Loved the show on OWN... was very moved by your story ;-)"
One thing God has spoken, two things have I heard: that you, O God, are strong, & that you, O Lord, are loving. Ps 62:11-12a
Had to take Nina to the vet this morning to have an abscess tooth extracted. She's pretty old for anesthetic. Hope she'll be ok.
no, damnit. but she did.
just inked and actually printed with the letterpress! I think she (yes I decided it's a she) needs a name.
ah- yes please!
Weeks will be fine too. Bat's too quick not to be. Morgan - depends on definition of fine. May have spoiled folks with career year.
hey im in chicago
Asked for my sandwich extra extra spicy & it made me cry a little bit. In other words, it was DELISH.
Those with disabilities love God too, and should have a place in our churches. They need to learn & share too.
Tweets in yo mouth! haha:)) OH, So were you saying you like MGK?
Yay! Thank you, it was awesome! RT Congrats to on opening Motherbear, heard the show went well!
Someone on this bus smells like onions!!! :(
New: Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Blue Earth, Le Sueur, Nicollet, Waseca till 7:15. Downgraded from Tornado warning.
Look forward to seeing you!
just see some people seem to be outraged over it. Curious as to why.
Well spoken!
My "brother" is an ass hat
Watchin New Video
yes you are I talked to mr. McCloud
What a day! We are officially sold out. Thank you to all who came out to celebrate with us today.
Assoiates come and go a true friend last forever......
Unfortunately not man. Some of your favorite guys will be there though ;)
I just read a list of 'the 100 things to do before you die'. I'm pretty surprised 'yell for help' wasn't one of them...
High tech: skyping your son in the UK to fix the remote... Yeah, done that. Glad he's back... Fewer time zones
Taping webinars, podcasts, and even texting can reach parents w/ difficult work schedules.
Welcome to Downtown Atlanta! We're happy to have you on campus.
Career Builder:"More Employers Screening Candidates via Social Networking Sites"
Hey guys, good morning!!!
we have reached 100 followers! thank you everyone - please be sure to tell all your friends about the Great Heartland Cookout!
Wow. The deleted scenes from Dysfunctional Friends could've made the final cut. The film was typical.
just bought a house today- really great deal on a 2 unit rental
love u
Um. OMG OMG OMG! I LOVE the dress SO MUCH! THANK YOU!
Last yr this time I watched the Oscars 3000 miles away in my Philadelphia apt. This yr i'm 5 blocks away in LA. Next yr I will def attend.
Good point! Both Suffice 4 #Bacon Lovers. is the bacon on the pizza, or stand alone?
We are looking for a summer PR intern. Know anyone who might be interested?
I feel U on that!! Just let me know when & if. I got a second bedroom wit your name on it!
RT : Father Lord, if there is any curse upon my life, destroy them by your fire in the name of Jesus
my computer is so slow today. D:
haha you needed it today
I'm looking at my 2009 tumblr posts. One is a photo of Robert Patinson. Cedric > Sparkly Vampire dude.
Bitches be trippin?
If u use 2 be cool w/ certain ppl & now those ppl aren't foolin w/ u. That should tell u sumthin bout urself! It's not them, It's YOU!
Wonder if the Flyers will seek another goalie in free agency. Bryz is terrible
Tonight: Bring a new toy to Holiday Pops to donate to #FirefightersforKids, receive a free ticket voucher for Picnic with the Pops!
How is everybody's Sunday going?
Right back at u
I was never sleep... RT It's 2012 and racism is still here smh #wake up
You read it there, but I often imagine my byline in many places, say, in Tahitian newspapers, drinking a preposition cocktail.
thanks for the follow!
You know your going to a dangerous neighborhood when you type your destination in the GPS and it says "ABORT MISSION!!"
I'll retweet as my father's fighting Cancer
S finish. B der in a few min
RT : Should be very popular! #HappyInCLE RT Greater Cleveland Aquarium to open Jan. 20; passes on sale now...
Free is a relative term these days! After this week works up until the start of June.
Fan shouts out to Rex: "Rex, wow, you look great!" #Jets coach noticeably slimmer these days - down 90 pounds.
She just told me that I'm the only guy she's said "I love you" to and meant it (-_-)
Bout to make Instagram my bitch with a lotta pictures. Be ready.
RT : Video is becoming more & more important in the world of search, largely because bandwidth has made it easier.
Happy Monday Colorado. This month is going by so fast.
If you don't want it, you definitely do not deserve it.
I want my phone <U+E407>
I just watched a few of the videos I took from last night, should have them up soon
Working on an essay and debating options for bread baking during the weekend storm...
I think just became internet famous!
Measure portions! Tablespoons for dressing, butter and spreads; Cups for the rest.
Actually, very good. :P
Samardo Samuels just scored the #Cavs first bucket since Kyrie went to the bench almost 3 minutes ago.
welcome to twitter land!!
A good friend would offer you an umbrella on the rain, a best friend would steal yours and say "Run bitch, Run"
This game is mad good gotta love the playoffs
That's a lot of drink carriers.
I just signed in so it's all good. I only saw two.
thank you for the #FF love
Please take note and pay attention to the fact that we are not doing much at all. Artwork and release date for Self-Titled album coming...
Lamarcus Aldridge should be in the all star game not kevin love. Kevin definetly is not as good as LA.Kevin is good but not better than LA
Kevin Garnett stepped up when is matters, something that has been questions by media people. The Pierce block was play of the game.
I'm waiting for #RDA to be blamed for global warming, recession, and housing crisis.
buenos dias memo :)
Come see me tonight at Living Arts Center of Tulsa. Show start at 7pm.
I just got off that Sucker! Exit ASAP and take anything. It'll be better!
Enjoy performances from tomorrow on State Street, beginning at 11 am, as part of
After I get my post surgery eyepatch I'm talking entirely in Slick Rick lyrics until they let me take it off.
"I'm the man from the Mt, won't u come on up, I'm plow man in the valley w/ a face full of mud"
Now that Breezy N Songz start rappin' groupie loves start diggin...Tha fuck outta here hoes, you HIP HOP from scratch or you not.
Suns are rollin'
lol she's a mix, so not full :p I love mama teri
nope what is it...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!! THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR WISHING ME A HAPPY BDAY SO EARLY
Ok, tatts scheduled for the day after my birthday. Gives me more time to save up the tattoo fund. Woo hoo!
Three schools in Bourne were placed under lockdown Friday morning after police say a boy with a rifle was found on a school bus.
Exhaust pipes are hot.
You really think so? Can the team get any lower with bad news than this off-season?
unless you prefer the 102 degree weather....
hey can you follow back? I need to DM you something :)
Gen. Washington has written to Major Gen. Philip Schuyler telling him of Mr. Knox's mission and congratulating him on taking St. John’s.
TEAM DRIVER!!!
Finally at a midnight screening surrounded by men MY age or at least my generation... and they are still dressed up. New store: Forever Geek
Thanks :) I'm really looking forward to driving across the country but more exciting about moving to L.A.
I tried to retweet that and it wouldn't let me! If only people could hear our conversations. On second thought....
The text just sent me just made my whole weekend, haha.
what browser were you using?
“I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear.”–Martin Luther King, Jr.
With exhibition games getting underway this week, lets hear your predictions for the Indiana, Purdue & Butler teams records this year...
Who's joining Springsteen on stage? Come on McCartney get up there!
New contestant Juan Pabellon replacing David Weisand who'll be on vacation. Have fun David. Congratulations Juan!
Realized the jeans I'm wearing today look a bit like #Momjeans. I'm going to pretend it's part of a Halloween costume.
What's a black and hairy, very rough skin, two things shaking, one a running in! What is it?
Cool beans. Thanks!
Hey Quira, Chris Jordan would you join Sociallinx, A Global Social Network for Hospitality Pros, A Hospitality Resource for the World....
make your 6,000th tweet out to mehh(:?? You should follow me too!!
should be back from editor on the 25th - then a review and up load
never that! I've been crying on and off for over 12 hours. I think I'm gonna get a little drunk tonight! It's gonna b okay!
Ugh </3 i hate when plans change
how about "obsequious"
The Makery is open! We'll be here until 4pm.
Change.... from a sad password to a nice happy password for all online account ... Yes I'm really happy now :D Good Morning!
Bev just put all raincoats on sale! 35% off, and just in time, it is cold and wet tonight!
lol too funny
i love my relationship
Great to find your magazine! Will have to check it out! :)
haha. So awesome.
thanks! Hey you best be coming out to the block party!
All good material for Saturday Night Live - either way, LOL! Just too funny! :)
add my sis k....my sis has a facebook...lol...
Apush review at school! Then studying at starbucks later!
so i've been told
Go cop you some Born2livE Apparel now.
Thanks Davide, every bit of feedback helps :)
Classes coming July 21 for Camera, Speed...ACTION! Courtyard Marriott on Austrian Blvd for info.
agrmts change over time and get lost. I bet a lot of jrnls dont register cpyrt. Not much $$$ in it, anyway.
never forget that you have hundreds of thousands of fans just like myself who love and listen to you daily! Dont sweat this
Check out my new video! www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
i like my girls trippy ~Omar
world leaders are here for a meeting & they have to have beefed up security TSA, military ect flying all over Chicago/Illinois
Need to know that I'm still needed, still wanted, that I'm still here, that I'm still a person...that I'm not just outta sight, outta mind
I found a really good way to avoid my mom in the mornings! Okay! So!
U think them niggaz u wit iz wit u.....? N I say Hell yeah hell yeah Phuckin Right Hell Yeah!!!!
Well you had a distinct disadvantage; You were insane." Red Dragon
The biggest challenge in New Orleans has been to find workers who can climb a ladder after lunch - Harry Anderson
Coffee Time!!
Your brand has to be unique, interesting and that it could remain in the minds of your costumers.
Awesome! Ill go buy an Itunes card :D
Hi Carol. No problem. Everything OK? Been trying to reach via email and phone.
Joe is the best! Glad you guys could connect. Maybe I'll swing by after work tonight for a bite!
Somethin good to eat would be great right now
I don't know all the details yet. it is early in the process.
Atlanta is getting 3 inches of rain! Wow. Wish we had that kind of weather irrigation.
Man, I'm saying RT : Man they really went at OJ smh, hes terrible on the court but don't make it personal
Matt Hunter i love you <3
dear sir. You are my hero.
I'm over LMFAO now.
could it be that many African Americans have moved past the jazz aesthetic and no longer embrace it as they once did?
Somewhere Dick Cheney is thinking "I could vote for this guy (Obama)" - well maybe for a nanosecond
i love how i walked into my sister's room & i see her dancing to
Just fed the Cleveland Indians and the Clippers breakfast burritos and bfast clubs with home fries and scrambled eggs! Good luck today boys!
hahah I just died a little <\3
Only one at the office this morning so far. I could've came in late and no one would've known =w=
google "feminism and dress" and a grad seminar paper i wrote pops up first (assuming we have the same filter bubble). that's cool.
Another terrible decision... Glad I'm done.
yes I'm alive and well thanks!
yeah I just forwarded all my business to my inbox .ctfu duckin the
It is what,, it is.
OMFG SO LUCKY(: Did YHUU SEE AUSTIN?!?!
Even worse, when they say something really in appropriate and you laugh and they look at you cause you have heard them say it!
Today was created just for you....make it count.
#ICantStandPeople that Hate for no reason. :/ But whatever Haters Gonna Hate, Mahomies Gonna Love..right (: <3
from hollaback here, i LOVE your talkbackbot, you rock :-)
No sir. I follow you!
Sandia Peak Ski Area opens tomorrow! About 70% of the mountain will be open.
I just don't get tweeter yet.. How do you get followers.. And what do you do..
i shouldve known this guy was ware when i saw his white suit and Justin beiber hair
Just visited a friend in the hospital who was saved by a savvy MD team but then after getting infected wishes he listened to other patients.
Scallops as Friday Special... New menu... & Reverse Happy Hr. 9-cl $2 off alcohol & drinks in the bar. (@ INdustri Cafe) http
Nothing like listening to smooth jazz while you work.
thanks for the shoutouts!!
I really like the music in my iPod now c:
RT : A4: Growing trend of social cause businesses. gives 5#s of peanut butter for every t-shirt sold.
Going to the marlins game tomorrow with the wife <U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
love it :D
Don't eff with Diane Rehm, man. She's an inspiration and can verbally kick all our asses.
And it's that time again to premiere a movie,The Los Angeles Ripper August 26. Los angeles #details? #muchoimportane!
Unpacking the word 'technology' versus 'science' and challenging assumptions about their relationship to 'culture.'
I don't know that there is a more relaxing view anywhere - what a nice pad ur mama has
oh. I'm still on season 1, episode 5. I'll catch up though!
cam newton
Fuck really bitch you lazy for not going yourself, you a stupid bitch for going for that dummy, really brawd!
Love days when I start work on East Coast Time...with coffee of course. (even decaf during pregnancy feels like it has a little kick!)
The one positive thing about the Fred Jackson news is that Spiller finally has his put-up-or-shut-up moment. Hope he gets 30 carries a game.
im captivated by you baby, like a fireworks show.
Uhm I remember her not liking when people ask if she's okay.
At this time All Primary runways are Open and traffic is not interrupted at the airport. But 2 runways are closed for FFA investigtion.
Hey come visit when you come to nyc, tell us how life has changed for you since you got the title.
Too many use that an excuse to focus on $ > ppl & lose RT 08 OFA campaign was an anomaly, you arent
love. Can someone turn the music UP some more please?
"No lapse of judgement, taste or quality can be shrugged off by a true professional."
haven't gotten that far. Maybe Tuesday or Wednesday?
thx for the mentions last week!
I liked the first one. I think he had a knife.. But fine
It's the Colorado Rockies Home Opener! Go Rox!
Send your request and response to me at
try to get Biden on the record first. That is apparently the key.
Yes really.... the same way they did last week :)
Why do ppl ask 2 work in on my machine when the gym is empty & there r 1000 other exercises they can do 4 the same body part?
I fall in love all over, every time I look at you
#Warpedtour tickets all day! Caller 98 on the touchtones wins.
Ranger game hangover right now
light weight lol
NEWS FLASH: Trim them pubes! Afro-Crotch went out with platforms and bell-bottoms!
chris,tell bailey he NEEDS to get a twitter NOW!!! Please(:
#thatawkwardmoment when bubble guts kicks in on a crowded bus.
Laying in bed thinking to my self should this be a #lazyday????
Check me out tonight on Univision at 10p :-) !!!!!
I just ended another relationship after 3 days of ending another one
Reflecting on 2011, pondering my artistic goals for 2012, which leads to pacing the floor like a clock pendulum. Do all artists do this?
Wordz Are Like Seedz; When You Sow Them, You Reap Nothing But The Effects. ***Being It Positive Or Negative***
Wow D Rose. Wow.
Overheard in stereo type room: "Designers are pixel pushers. Developers are binary." What's your take?
officially done with all of my work for this year.
Mr. Martinez-Fonts, FGO Board Member claims that arts are good for his corporate business - attracts/retains employees.
We take that as motivation. We've been criticized all year, but we've proven them all wrong - Kia Wright
I can't decide which film's trailer looks more hideous, The Dictator or That's My Boy. I mean, really... death by gun or death by knife?
Happy Birthday! Go Hawks! Great win against the Badgers.
www.twitter.com/brackman1066/cbtweets. I compressed it in my first mssage w/ bitly
You got to have fire and desire
Miller'd and Wicks'd both. :) It was rough.
Maybe I'm just hopelessly hemmed in my my own edu experience and can't imagine new ones. But for me, personal connections w profs was huge +
thanx for the follow, back atcha from LupisNocturnal, in another world.
I'd make you a sandwich ;)
Thank you for the nice words! I'm so glad to be sharing #SDVLP with you. What a great organization!
daught lets drink right meow!!
...glad you stopped in :D
Seriously though, stop prostituting yourself so people like you. Have a little self respect.
Does this mean you aren't coming to CW?
Patiently waiting for new followers that never come.
When you get the answer you're looking for hang up.
i need to be able to travel through time.
What was that song in the action scene in the #InPlainSight finale?
Watchin people try n figure out the trains is never easy yo.... Hate when thats gonna be me, i better have an app for that when the time ...
2pm is great...can we maneuver to the west side by chance?
Oh No! I forgot what coffee shop you told me to try in NYC. We can't leave uncaffeinated.
#AllStar traffic on Buena Vista Drive! Glad I opted for an early ride!
Happy Feet 2 was the cutest movie ever
maybe she had crush on him that wasn't mutual from Disney days?
Listen, it's jewelry not jewlery...
Wow EDC is insane!
you'll see me tomorrow!!!
Why is the rocket launcher imbalanced in some games but entirely balanced in others?
#20ThingsAboutMe 10. I like to read.....well sometimes
I totally agree. Have some self-respect ppl! Smh!
Just saying.
Anyone want to buy a psp for 60 dollars
Sunny and beautiful in LA, and I'm on the third day of a conference. #FeedYourMind #GetThatMoney RT : rainy sunday :)
Get your tix to 's 9th annual Rockabilly Chili Contest before they are gone! Many MKE greats including our friends
Alegria model at the Villas of Traditions at Grey Oaks features global chic ... - Naples Daily News
Sopapilla Cheesecake! So easy and tasty #sopapilla #cheesecake #recipe #dessert #mexican #easy dessert recipes
Happy Birthday to the beautiful !
call me tomo .. I will c if I can get a few if u want
so how close were you to the stage?! :)
I don't bump Kirko Bangz music, he reminds me of Drake lol
great #art unites, #society separates. why do some musicians talk so much about the 2nd part?
Dear person who used the ATM before me, If your account balance is $3.38, I wouldn't leave your receipt hanging out of the machine
Vincente Padilla has never smiled... True story
#BOYFRIENDteaser !!!! it's gonna have 12987409874257049 views in 1 hour
J Moss will be in the house at I Hear Music 2012.
#Shit2chainzwouldsay:Start off wit a follow, Ill inbox her tomorrow, I subtweet, she retweet , I'll block her after she swallow! Truuuuu
Ewwwe that's to much lol
Morning!! -_- You should have some Pineapple for breakfast.
Yup. Just what we were talking about
I hear ya. Do you think you'll get sucked into Emily's season?
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
i think Agusta is the closest thing to what Heaven must look like
Thnx 4 The Add! Ya Graphics R The Shit Aye Shoot Me Ya Email Ima Need U N A Few Days
Thanks for the Tweet!
Rain and netflix. okay. goodnight
Im scared my big game is gonna be cancled today, and moved to frieday bo
Yo, Mikey what's up with the 4, one one, my igga? catch my slang, dawggg?
New #AA Comercial isn't smart because they show someone could go straight from scuba diving to flying... which is very bad
Watching Really find 's assessment of 2012 election to be skewed. Wonder what he'll say about gender gap.
"I don't want then to stumble into my pants"
Happy Mothers Day!!
how all yuh find her
Lunch with my momma today. She's my favorite lady.
Absolutely YES. MT : Along w new mind to future /tech, do you think crucial to bring back core principles (not practices?)
Bored with art we give u gimmicks, games, and gamification. We need more cruises, with all-you-can-eat shrimp shows! Love this country.
MKT's pressurized direct injection helps eliminate the "turbo lag" associated with earlier turbocharged engines
Thanks to , you're looking at the newest server at the Cheesecake Factory! Start training today at 8 am. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
RT : Drink up! 10 best beer apps for St. Patrick's Day via
I've had two that were okay - but my last two had some tartness. I guess CW has acknowledged this...won't be aging any.
Just lookin at that mix food almost made me throw up
Dimensions of respect in great workplaces: support, collaboration and caring
no I'm saying it like it is.
that's where many cities are ultimately regressing to become.
getting my money back plus more =] i dong give a fuckkkkkk
If it wasn't for you, I would be really happy right now.
Done trying to fix things with him leave me a lone nigga and go kick rocks.
he's driving, we don't bother him! He's got one job, get us home safely
Great musicians! Thank you for including us! :))
PUNNY! RT : Caught something on the Usher tour.. Had to let it burn!
You taught me well.
It was funny to me which means 99.9% of the population finds it unfunny. My maturity filter kicked in.
Instead talk about insurance we pay for through our taxes -- Drew Westen
Sitting in the office. Not gonna get a night school anytime soon! #You'reNotMyDad
NBC: Mitt Romney and Rick Santorum are meeting Friday morning in Pittsburgh
thanks Lynette! I felt pretty bad about it too!!! ;)
Excited to show off our new murals today!
thank you! Finally somebody is talking about tennis!!!!
you are.
Yeah it is true. I have never been noticed by . but that won't stop me from anything. <3
T-Minus 10hrs till you're at the Q Cafe grabbing a 12oz drip coffee and biscotti for only $1.00! What a deal! Offer good from 7-8am this wk!
you cant move in, you would be kicking out
Exactly how many too tan men with gold chains and an affinity for the speedo have you seen thus far?
I apologize to any of my cetacean sisters out there.
Watching Limitless
Hope you been doing okay honey love.. Xoxoxo
Wat u do u wanna be nominated for? They don't have a freaking gorgeous award
Copyright 'three strikes' first infringer?
Did you get a letter that had a poster in it that was a Red and Black Chicago Bulls poster,made from scratch
: Blending...online classes are not just webcasts and info dumps #virtualclass means to have lots of types of learning
shout out to in the mix right now!!
thanks buddy
ur bdays coming up <U+E415>!! Any plans yet???
“: Evilla tonight! Hope to see you guys there for Bubbles Client Appreciation night!”
And Spain? And Spain? And Spain? And Spain? And Spain? And Spain? And Spain? And Spain? #Thatshouldbespain :'(( I'm so sad :(
I guess you've haven't listened to him? Come back when you have.
bro since google and Wikipedia...everyone is an expert..niggas can pretend on the Internet all day now
Coming on Friday.
No L1 C4 tattoo for Drew!!
hi there. Miss U 2. Happy Friday!
One more semester and I'm fucking through.
Be a leader, not just an administrator... James Kane
RT GL to & in their last gm in the Elam Center! Good career and many memories!
Streamers are attempting to go inside the Supreme Court #j20 #ows #occupythecourts way to go
My coworker asked what BBN stood for...poor guy. I broke it down for him Big Blue Nation... baby!
I would do a 'typo ' but don't feel like it
You sure know how to make someone feel special. I'll go celebrate alone.
Hate to see girls/women with plastic colorful purses running around here like they doing something. Try Again -I see u knockoff handlers too
vote for your favorite places and people in San Diego right now! even nominate YOURSELF as a local trailblazer! www.944.com/picks
I miss sleeping with my sisters cat :( I need one!!
Full-time indie novelist looking for a writing accountability partner. Please DM me if you are too!
Working with an older story and discovering I really had a thing for the name Paul. No point in two characters with one name! Find&Replace..
Watching Cartoon Network. Its so funny lol
Hair long ass fat shawty mean!!
Cenosillicaphobia is the fear of an empty glass. The cure? Keep your fridge stocked with plenty of Dundee Festive Ale!
t Thanks for the chance to compete! We had a blast!
Vikes need to sign a wideout in FA. Who do you like?
I'll definitely pay attention then... Looking forward to it!
great going
just saw the video about the wrist, get well soon man.
ur welcome, hun. thanks for the follow back! :D
Please follow Now! I would love to do a duet with him.
I miss it too.
You think you've got problems? I dropped my cocaine in the snow this morning.
if this is heaven I want to die all over again
Good of #22 to come out tonight. rules!
thanks for the #FF My followers should follow this lady she's pretty cool! :D
hey friends what would you all recommend as far as the best local spot with a great beer selection? Nice tourist asked me!
> A strong commitment to match a candidate with the right company culture
Really sorry to hear that. ;)
Finally gonna be seen.. ugh..
Best thing we can do for ourselves, our family, our economy, and our Central Texas community is to invest in our health....
Had never heard of him till today, do not plan on reading again if I can help it.
Come on it's not my fault you went out with her god, I told you what was gonna happen.
#TheBestThing is knowing that you have that one person yu can count on for anything!
: #MahoneToLA Concert Details: Show is on June 24, 2012 at The Palladium in LA! Tickets go on sale this Sat, May 19 at Noon!!!!
sweet, where at?
twitter dramas funny
creating my own opportunities is EXACTLY why I have been silent. I've grown to love entrepreneurship!
What would you recommend as the cheapest way to go about registering a few domains? Not (yet) worried about hosting.
Thanks. Just read it, and truth be told, I'm a little confused. Could you summarize it in a way easier to understand?
Quiet there lady....
No way. Dark choc digestives are vastly superior. I PREFER DARK INDULGENCES.
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible. Maya Angelou
Inspiration <U+2714> Amazing singer & person <U+2714> Our life <U+2714> Strong <U+2714> Winner <U+2714> Warrior <U+2714> True <U+2714> Beautiful <U+2714> Flawless <U+2714> = Demi Lovato <U+2714>
"The successful always has a number of projects planned, to which they look forward. Anyone of them could change the course of their life"
Thank you dear! Needs all the luck he can get!": Very nice. I wish ya the best. You guys are really cool."
Trying to learn how to play pumped up kicks on the piano...Yeah, I don't know what I'm doing.
You're talking about The Thing prequel, methinks.
take all the relaxation in!
Drake - Crew Love :)
Time to eat!!
I'd much rather support #pparenthood over #citizensunited corporate personhood. Strong women inspire us all. Honestly.
Orlando florida for the Florida Music Festival. Radio interview then chilling till we go on tonight!
No, I'm just presenting! I actually have seen her (and we talked) and she isn't my gf xD
My point: some have no choice but to try and save a buck. WM offers a place for them to do that. I don't see that as evil.
Congrats on the new apartment! It sounds fabulous.
Read a bit of the 1st book then got distracted. So I haven't ruined anything.
YOURE.A LIAR.&PATHETIC AND A LONELY LIFE.
Every post I see, I get more and more interested the books. I really want to read them now! Congratulations on everything!
What is it? I keep seeing this...
that's an old pic?
Yay it's Friday! Finally a long weekend
Raf Simons new art director at Dior!
thanks! It's because you're a classy ISU fan.
A (most likely) free MLS match in May...interested?
"Flocka can you be mah baby daddy?" "Yes!!" -Round of applause
We learned that in Fable 2.
I've offered to take you skiing but you complained about the cold! You can come out West with us when George gets older.
Who are the people behind the curtain now?
yeah...when I get to the crib, I'll DM the address
No offense.... I'm a leader
Not gonna lie, that was pretty fucking scary
Best.Tweet. RT : #Yahoo got their CEO from eBay? And he wasn't quite what he said he was in his description? No irony there...
Ok seriously who keeps putting their lipstick lip marks on my outside storm doors .. It does look like DSL's tho .. Lol
Other conversation starters for tonight: what is your favorite museum?
Korean Zombie is a beast!
what is #nomoretvparty i forget? your blog? your fantasy football team?
Flight booked! See you in April, Boston!!!!! :)
I hope everyones day is going good :)
We can't really prove it, but we're pretty sure Ron Swanson would shop
It's beautiful outside <333
Theodore Wirth is pretty fun. Centrally located too for everyone
The knicks may have won if Tyson woulda put King James on a poster cus it's all about momentum
How can you tell which kid on the playground is the trombone player's kid? He doesn,t know how to work the slide and he can,t swing!
This Thursday the Salty Caramels are playing "One Night Only," at The Lincoln Theatre!
If you hear the words "oh yeah, suck it" coming from my bedroom, it's probably just my boyfriend vacuuming
Yes sometimes you just have to let go and standout from the rest of the crowd, do ur own thing, and make yourself happy and proud
just stumbled upon your youtube channel- one word TALENT!! Keep doing what you're doing!
How was that play not reviewed?
Homeward bound: Oklahoma House and Senate adjourned for the day/week/year - though they can come back next week if needed
i swear every single one of taylor swifts songs make me feel better every time!
15 min qtrs - play exact statisical representation of your teams offense and defense
It's good to encourage your lil sister to cut class for #NYG parade but even better to convince your mom to skip work
I read that with a Texan accent
I know, I feel guilty that I don't have a shirt with Stewie in a heart on it!
Wish our lead singer, David Klapatch, a very happy birthday!
I'm guessing they complain if they lose, bcaz they missed signs bcaz they had to change'em Caz we stole'em last time
The Tension is crazy. .iNeed sum a dat goodnite #Frustration NOT kool
Letting my hair grow.
I feel like I'll be a lot friendlier once I turn 21
Ok, I am planning on coming out. RT : Yup, next Friday.
What are you guys getting me for Christmas
I wish you'd picked a better institution to bank with.
@ That brought about an actual guffaw.
so if they did.. you're celebrating justin's broken heart?
yay! going to see final destination 5 3D tonight. should be a good movie
this question only involves people with a girl, sorry. Hahaha
comin from a thunder fan...I'll take it :)
ru's good read: the #goshawk by th white - enter the obsessive mind of falconer and falcon. genius. out of print tho - get it from abe books
Why should any single one of us care about what Demi Moore says or does? Why should we give a hoot about what some second-rate comic says?
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 67F PARTLY CLOUDY
Frankie Ballard opening up for Seger..Rock band w a banjo! Love it!
so you bought and turned off the website. Please can you turn it back on so I can use the Neighbourhood Statistics?
This was quietly a pretty great year for movies. Mostly small, independent dramas, but some great stuff.
Well thanks kindly...What were y'all in town shooting?
Nickelback is amazing.......
I consider them to be Hostess's culinary abortion.
you're welcome ,and im just saying ,you are wonderful. if people are too dumb to see that. Umm ,must be blind!
this shit is a mess and i take from it what i needed.
Even though she's in Austrailia she told a few fans that she would come back to the US to do a comeback!
": lol iKR!! Thought that was intriguing..." I know, its all about the sign I see lol
yay!! congrats! hopefully they'll come with a zebra striped case ;)
Really should have explored Shimbasi earlier - lots of little ramen shops and tempura eateries, etc and almost no tourists!
if I end up in jail you'll know what happened. I became vengeance. I became... The face puncher.
TUESDAY IS THE MOST PARTYINGEST DAY IN K-TOWN! COME 2 K-TOWN, TURN UP THE BASS, DRAG RACE IN THE STREET, CUZ ITS MOFUCKIN TUESDAY BEEYATCH!
*~bored AT home shoulda went to skool today but i just didnt feel like it at all~*
Glad the Nats won tonight so I'm not going through this allergies ass whuppin' for nothing.
I wish I was Taylor Swift.
Wonder what I'm doing today
On this day in 1933, FDR repealed prohibition with the 21st amendment. Have a drink and be thankful!
Vandy's statement is ridiculous. So you're forced to allow atheists into a religious organization? Go Vandy Catholic!
Keith Haring Google Doodle
3D tv. I thought the future arrived with the internet. Now I know better.
see, there's some good emotion :) I'm really glad that is working out! I know you love kids!
After 203 days, mountains of paperwork and tons of government fees. and I are approved to get married!
There are 101,171 survivors of domestic violence in Michigan each year that we know about. To get help call (248) 334-1274. To give help...
IM SPENDING MY MORNING CALLING RADIO STATIONS TO REQUEST #11:11 YEEE! (:
"Class warfare!"
Winner of 10pm Trivia Question will be chosen at 10:45pm EST
How does Kentucky's basketball team look this year?
It's american-OH!
HI JESSICA
McGee got lucky there.
I would totally listen to that.
i just wanna see you strip,
how come you didn't ):
To read without reflecting is like eating without digesting. Edmund Burke
S/O TO ALL THE U.E.T FANS AND FOLLOWERS!! MUCH LOVE
haha sorry if I'm a creep just means a lot :p
"i like to sing i like to dance but i cant do it with poopy in my pants!"
cell scope should be the winner - cool story and great presentation
Just locked my self in the bathroom and had to use tools to get out
Copier Tips!! - If your copier scans you can also scan to a folder or an email. Let us know if you need help. 303-778-0600
Great idea! Drop into Auntie Em's the night b4 the Mini & we'll help you load up on those carbs. Thanks for following us!
Heads up dude, I will be in your neighborhood for Summer Namm... mid-July. Pencil a Bolton's lunch into your calendar.
- i don't blame Lebron
Uncontrollable love, I cant explain my feelings. Body on the ground, but my hearts at the ceiling.
I beg to differ.
No-K One by Calvin Schiraldi
I'm trying to feign surprise for the sake of appearing impartial.
Day 2 and 3 of filming starts up one week from this Saturday!
Let's go Blackhawks!!!
this could be a major factor behind the influx of obesity and food allergies?
Ginger on Gilligan's Island.
you're so so welcome ;-)
Ill be so happy when I get off work ehh =/
Macphun's Perfect Photo. Cheap & feature-rich. Plus they must be listening, because it's 50% off. Also Pixite Web Albums.
Be sure to sign up for our Maui Mall Super Shoppers Club! We give away three great prizes monthly, including $100 gift cert to the mall!
Amen! RT : "Done is way better than perfect"
Great week for OK sports, excited to see how "Dad's Team" does next week. Happy 2012 to all :)
"If you come from art, you'll always be from art." -- David Bowie to Nile Rodgers
You're welcome! Have a fabulous week!
I've never tried to write one for that reason alone. It's so seductive to think of the TV show as a whole...and jump ahead.
I once used tide laundry detergent to barter a cab fare because I didn't have cash.
I just registered for in Puerto Rico to be held before ASA. How exciting!
Facebook's timeline is my favorite way to watch girls from high school get fat.
Chelsea Handler and Chris Robinson...not a bad night at
We'll be at the Manhasset Spring Festival this weekend! Come out for giveaways and to learn more about us &the future of
HAHAHAH - Just died laughing!!
finished up the backside design of our download cards
Tell your friends to follow me for free makeup and hair tips! There is also the option to ask me questions about hair/makeup/fashion! Xoxo
BAH! Looking for office or studio work in Nashville TN!
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
#lis483 Talked to a Simmons undergrad who went to Lauren Conrad! Not many teens - mostly college-age, early 20s women
xylophone evergreen no only you usually yoke evergreen neon...neon neon neon
And you are mine! #lovingsupport #tribe #goddessofwisdom “: is my hero! #electrician #lettherebelight”
As soon as I get home, I'm curling up in my bed and taking the longest nap ever taken.
ok? just asking a random question
Just passed a cop at 85mph. He winked at me!
Thanks for the follow I like the concept of
I've had a wonderful time! Saw lots of friends & warblers. Rented a very nice house right on Lake Erie. Sad to be headed home.
Can't make the Chicago/Midwest Emmys tonight? We'll be tweeting the results as they come in.
have you seen "Cool Japan" on NHK? Also addictive.
Important Considerations when Buying Quad Bikes for Sale- quad bikes for sale
One more month left of school then I'm out for the summer!
...but living off the 1 is amazing
Mom: When do you want to get your senior pictures taken? Me: idk whenever i get a haircut haha
Did you enjoy your Monday?
i need to tweet more often
Hannahan hits a 3 run home run in the bottom of the 2nd. TRIBE up 4-0
thank you Bishop I needed to hear that song and be reminded.
I really should write that dream down. It involved libraries, amazon's createspace, self-pub AUs, indexing, and general freelancery. :|
Lunch was good. Thai food. Great place. I'm just not sure why I'm feeling so nauseous…
me too lol
2 ...as a guest. Question asked in the Q&A later: "Are you given a list of characters you can kill?" Hey, it was BSG.
You give head like amber cole that's gonna be one if little waynes new songs lmao
HEY BEST FRIEND!
ah finally have enough hair to style!!! :D Its not much but its something lol ahh!!! #hair!!! :D
Mafia like Benny, I offer ya some remy Playboy, from the bay boy I sav lav, ya hear me?
For all of Tj Crouchy Bookah That had something to say about my Jacuzzi pic I finna post y'all ugly ass pictures
that's bad? I've always got a brew on the go!
<U+2665> I don't know if I'm getting over him or just getting used to the pain. <U+2665>
Damn he makes me happy.!!! <3
Thank you to all the people that came out to Prophet Bar last night! We had a great time. Hope to see you all again soon!
ARE YOU FUCKING FOR REAL CHRIS MAN IN 4TH?
Big Shout out to M & M Sports Consulting. Get the guidance needed to prepare your student athlete for college success.
business firm
my father did for years. It did finally catch up to him and was a huge mess, even after he died. He passed away in 2006.
no list me list and i list you i dont want list :D ok???
make sure to check out 's coverage of the Craft Beer Conference and World Beer Cup.
procrastinating in packing. Moving AND going home for Christmas...ahh too much
« « #WhenImBored I'll put on my headphones and get lost in the music.»»
Thought u were gonna say 6 weeks til the next hit #alsoTrue : Base hit for Brandon Inge. means we get six more weeks of Inge
No okay you don't get it it's not only because of you it's seriously EVERYONE making fun of me and I'm getting tired of it.
#Oomf Needs To Text Me NOW!
Threw my back out real bad Sunday, last nights class I could barely sit through, now I can't even walk straight.... Ugtbk I'm an old lady
LOL RT “ mom told me that i'll be known as the girl of a miltary football player in august ......”
what r u doing tomorrow
freeresortbeach.info New Post - when going o.... Read it now at <html> <head><title>410 Gone</title></head> <body bgcolor="white"> <cente
which kind? I love breakfast for any meal.
nice combined shut-out, boys!!
AVENGERS still amazing the second time around.
Condescension: Because you know you're smarter than everyone and they should know too.
#alliclass. TO expand audience, bring theatre to new audiences and enhance their experience (which loops back to repeat costumer)
I'm not losing any sleep over it. Just like before I met you all. I was just fine. (:
have fun, has been fun in past years!
I'm not a #texastech fan but...66 to 6!? 11-12-2011 is now the day of the
One problem I understand is the time b4 voters can be removed is long. Does SOS support clean up of these laws?
especially to wake up
You can find Play It Through giggin with Dj Bert tonight Drink Downtown where he'll be spinning the new single from P.I.T come through!
i left when you did
Just updated my stations to Facebook #timeline. I must say the new photos look dope.
- Thx so much 4 the e-introduction! Welcome aboard !
awww, so cute!
#Shoutout to again she's super beautiful <3 I used to talk to her but she dissed me:/ but everyone follow her!:)
I need one of those “ There is nothing fake or airy fairy about #Aquarius love. This shit is deep and real.”
Good to know! I wasn't completely hooked by that first episode! ()
I'm jealous!!!
wats been up with u
good morning blacknaps. thank you for responding and happy new year.
Gotcha. Racking up those air miles.
Blame the First Lady...she was bound to get them to exercise one way or another...
LMFAO concert June 15.. Hell yes
U can look at my timeline and see a gap longer than gucci bankroll
there's probably someone out there that wants to watch a human escape from 30 lbs of chipped ham
The day everybody recognizes #NARS is doing the damn thing I will be a happy camper
Heard the European version is more intense, can't wait to see next installments though
Good to know RT : Just so you know I love chocolate more than I love sharing.
A forum thread would be a better venue to discuss. Have you started one on ?
R.I.P to my baby brother Ruben Darryl Poindexter. Gone but never 4gotten. Love u always
It's a fine line between speaking in your profession's patois and jargon filled gobbledygook.
oh yeah. Come for the judgement, stay for the creepy drama. I hate that I love to watch Sister Wives. Ha.
you'd be fine being one as long as you didnt come after my babe... THEN we'd have problems
Its easier to get #obama on the phone than
heehee see you guys in the morning! <U+2764>
meh. Nothing special.
Thanks, Erin!
dude, who convinced u to join twitter? What's her name? Lol. I kid, I kid... Sort of.
Imho is officially on our "to see" list now. We have a lot to look forward to out there
Washed everything;
Thanks so much..I appreciate it very much.
Fighting the urge to punch a wall by sobbing uncontrollably. Friday night. Woo.
No trust. Got my wall up. Can't get hurt. I'm cool.
Some #FF love In honor of our solar eclipse viewing deal: , , ,
Earl & I met with Briony Hynson, who, despite having been born in England, speaks English well. Briony also speaks “play” as in playground
Don't know why, I want to go to china this year, wish my on leave is approved
exactly i got like 6 unfollows for saying "directioners are not the most dedicated fans"
Fun night of oovoo all night. chillin with the neighbor.
We're not actually Tweeting, right? Drinking = more fun
this shortcut is a personal fave
Follow my instagram
Thanks to the sis my nails are done :)
since im the most awful person in your eyes, do u wanna go stay with lori a few days?
I miss you!
thanks again for the excellent art. I think they turned out great!
happy late birthday. (sorry I forgot to say that yesterday)
Just finished writing my SECOND snail mail letter this year! Friend on a mission trip. Hard to believe we used to do that all the time!
thanks for the share...Moombah madness!
Watching Kindergarten Cop... Love love love.
ok! Write write write that paper boy!
Dude flip your phone.
you'll see us tonight, yay! Thx so much, Kylie!
well I'm just tired of this twitter account
6 pm and it is still semi light out... Hell Yeah!
Man behind scandal different than thought. - Williamsport Sun-Gazette
More writing next week for a series of new short video projects, plus some design/creative projects to keep me busy.
ditto! #food&wine ?? huge for #lexington and the #bluegrass!
: in reality, maybe you should actually seek scenarios where #LinkedData isn't used to drive Data Wareshouses :) /cc
Piazza Italia in the Pearl is an amazing place. Fantastic food and service. Reservations recommended for sure.
I can't wait to celebrate 's Birthday! My sister and I are going to have a dace party on my road.
Patty the Pittsburgh Planker..?
Never try to define love. Once defined love is confined. Once confined -- It dies.
S/O to for having faith in me that I'm gonna graduate next year!!!
"interesting coffee system"? huh?
O my gosh me to! I totally forgot you live in Jacksonville right???!
Hi Mr. Small, what is the best way to pitch a story to you and/or your staff that has local, business, and aviation interests? tks
Ugh i dnt like hangovers... Ugh sumbody come doctor on me:-)
I love how Dennis Eckersley hasn't changed a bit since 1978.
Sitting here studying some old r and b song. Music does not make u feel like this these days.
different flavored Fresca?! But it's already so perfect!
trying to get to become a twitter machine!
If you participated in World Book Night USA, please share your stories and pictures. Were you a giver? a recipient?
I love you :) <3 thanks for always being there.
#Theproblem is... you focused on the problem instead of the #solution --->
I would write notes but I've typed everything since age 6 - seriously. It completely unintelligible.
Happy I Want to Punch Photoshop in the Face Day! grumble.
Well except for Carlos. He always takes care of us when we're there performing
check out my new Background and tell me whatcha think about it
hates when back pain keeps up all night! :-(
Now playing "Good and Terrible"
#HBO pulled the show #Luck?? Well that just f'in sucks!
All these people have these amazing talents & I'm just sitting here like I can breathe \m/
Teen mom finale is a train wreck. Love it.
Members Card Clippers +11 (25 units)
My husband??? Oh he's only the most special thing in the world!!!<3
Never let people get to you. They can't pull the trigger if you don't hand them the gun.
you should come to #Tulsa Pride in June
Grimlock, you are the man. Thanks for the upgrade to "2nd Level GRIMLOCKNAUT" haha. It powered me through senior year finals.
I WiSh WiLL FoLLoW mE :))) I LoVe YoU So MuCh...TaKe cArE...:) mUuUaAaHhH...:P
Nope. I would recognize that guy.
HINT: I will probably not come back to all of them.
The President is in the Boeing factory right now, just on the other side of the campus from us.
Full upcoming weekend! Oktoberfest tomorrow, college football Saturday and heading to a Dallas Cowboys game on Sunday!
that's awesome, I enjoy reading your dad's journals about the races
RT : Today Buy 2 Dinner Entrees and receive a bottle of house wine at 14K tonight! 5PM to 7PM
This Nigga Watchin Family Guy N' Junk .
This game is insane!
Hopefully i get a b-day greeting from this girl
You left me for her? Oh ok hope you have fun don't come running to me when its not what you wanted
really tired. Just wanna go to sleep, but mama wants to have a mommy/daughter day.
Sat. broadcast::: Photograph 51 by Anna Ziegler, about the female scientist who discovered double helix, w/ Miriam Margolyes of
Watching the breakfast club<U+2764>
My string just broke.. Fuck the gods
Starting to shoot I AM GABRIEL next week with Dean Cain, John Schneider and Jen Gotzon. Directed by Mike Norris.
Thanks for the follow Bob!
thnx for following me to all of my new followrs
Hey! Love you! Lets be friends :)
Just enjoyed some raw honey from the Yogi Bee Sanctuary in Plano, IL. Lovely stuff.
killed it today... bangtastic...
Love is love no matter what gender you choose to be with.
“: Teeth hurting a lil”boo teeth don't hurt, it gotta b nerves in yo gums
win! 22 hour drive well worth it! We on to the eastern conference finals!!
Hey! Haha what's up?
Plus, you know if that person is being recommended, you are more likely to find success with your project and getting what you need done.
how i met your mother
Tampa Bay, FL- need females for photoshoot. Nudity not required but increases pay. Pay is 60 dollars/hr (Casting Code B3)
Don't forget to put out non-perishable food items for the mail person. I just put out some goodies
Playing at tonight with !!! We'll see you there!!!!
a paper and a final lab separates me from absolute freedom!!
Love reading the Eating Well Magazine. Lots of a great info and recipes incorporating organic, quick easy recipes.
Wow Michael Young smoked that ball into the left field seats. Gives TEX a 9-3 lead...O's all but finished
There are a lot of flowers that resemble vaginas. #JustSayin'
steak on the grill, summer needs to hurry tha fuck up
Yuuupp! RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join & at KLUSOZ... at RIO... at PEPPER.
actually, yes please
I just haven't had a good day. I need to talk it out but it seems we talk to. Much so idk if I should come to you....
coffee? yes, always.
please contact rob
Working on my track called Vonch!!! I'm at the middle of my verse now, but I'ma pause it from there
Happy Thanksgiving! Who's already up preparing meals?
Only a mediocre writer is always at his best. -- W. Somerset Maugham
Shoutout to my new followers.
(I'm now part of the problem.)
Getting #qdoba #bogo for a kiss with my honey on Valentines day!
We all go threw things 4 a reason, if we didn't who would the other person turn 2 for understanding and help.
G.M.N.I.: Simplicity's the daughter of Karma who's playing hard-to-get.
Busy. I have alot of things going on. Good thing I'm a multi tasker! :)
Chelsea offense consists entirely of Cech aiming 80 yard goal-kicks at Drogba
The new band is kicking into full gear. Writing and demoing. We wont be announcing/releasing anything for a few months
Space puppies on AmericanDad are so cute!
lots of problems today loading songs in the ReggaeOneLove room. server problem?
you ain't heard playa? Silverton is the business.
Sherman coz u de man. Boom!!!
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths.
every body wearin white in memphis
if i went 2 grayson or whatever school you go 2 i would kick your ass myself but since i dont im sure somebody will do it 4 me
Happy Leap Day!
« Everyone deserves someone theyll love forever, and thatll love them back.»
Me too only the gym is downstairs and it's Meth. Coke was last year.
Everyday is a great day to be a Texan! : Great first day as a Texan.”
congratulations to #HinesWard for his 1000 receptions!!!
heyy check your phone
unggh good man
"Sometimes we get lost in helping others that we forget to finishing our own life's transformation." is transforming:)
Should I have Merlot or Chardonnay with dinner? (Bring the whole bottle, please)
omg I have such good news to tell you. You remember that advice you gave me? Well it worked. Reply cause I gotta tell u bout it
I'm scared to go to sleep because of my perverted dreams about 1D..
We play at 8 tonight!
my wife is amazing. Dealing with kids day in & day out is lots of work. We have four. How can families with more kids deal? I'm very tired!
Agreed. :) RT : Good thing about it being saturday, day cant be any worse then it was yesterday
Soup of the Day: Papaya & Corn! Vegan, of course.
My liver just told me he is mortal. O No!!!!
Cool...let me know how I can help and when you're good to go.
at the Winter Jazz Fest Friday evening Jan.8 w. WHOOPIE PIE. Kenny's Castaways in NYC. JS, Bill McHenry, Mike Pride. WHOOPIE PIE 12:40 am
RETWEET for Some Good Morning Mentions!!!
Jack Johnson/John Mayer pandora time! #chillmode #lovinthisrain<U+26A1><U+2614><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
#USF, E. I go back a l-o-o-o-n-g way in #sports. 1/2 of the squad came to the house whenever they were in
RT : If you woke up not John Edwards, Happy Monday.
I prefer to arrive early. Hey- let's have coffee sometime & discuss ABQ biz.
Hell Coco!
This haunting and important film renews my belief that we need to focus on peaceful resolutions to conflict.
Follow back so I can DM you
well I do!
lol. We did too girl
sunday was bananas you missed it!
I would only be a vampire if a female bites me
RT : Shift your diet to local. Just getting even 10% of your food locally grows your local economy.
yes at middle and elementary levels
It would be a great place to learn! Except those seats don't look too comfortable : )
Cinnamon Peanut Butter is here in Harvard Sq! Pair it with Banana Graham!
yeah I'm 100% Jordaneer I have made a lot of pictures for him too
been reading your site a lot today. great articles on spiritual solutions. very helpful
Hey guys.. I just got in. I will be checking my messages tomorrow! They are all time-stamped on FB so no worries! Will announce tomorrow! :)
Love the night!!!
Just booked early morn flight to Vegas to rail win the Main Event and maybe play a little mix too in the infamous crazy mike game
The best one
I think it's interesting that "cologne" rhymes with "alone." -Demetri Martin
Finding nemo will forever be one of my favs.
I really need to get better at knowing when concerts are in town. Anoushka Shankar at Lisner tonight and I didn't even know! NO DICE.
bronze ship at 1. Missing players yesterday due to regional track and fball camp.. We hooping today..
wow she Jus doin the fool I see
Hey Brooks. I predict extra innings again. 12 different pitchers. And then Texas to prevail in the end.
- What's are your friends/family's favorite beer of yours?
I actually saw the sun in Seattle today! Don't believe weather forecasts until you actually get where you are going.
If a man calls u a Bitch u get mad... But if he calls u a "bad bitch" u get happy
The satisfaction to say that was all mine :)
Still amazes me that marketers use advertising-ish tag lines as their value prop because it sounds good. Crazy.
@ the hospital with new baby yyyyeahhhhhhhhhhhhh
Family > Turkey.
You bet. They are a lot of fun.
The Bulls bench is deep as hell!!!
Thanks, Rukahs! come to our show at Plush on March 22...with Sheila Shahpari band, Suzie Cue and Langen Neubacher
True bro reference. +1, Dubs.
Haha! We have tried many of those books because my little girls are attracted to the cover/concept, but stories don't live up.
sorry I didn't get a chance to follow up about the media coaching. I have been out of town. What is your email again?
Someone text mee~
thank you!
i know neither did I...they must have him confused with someone else.
Who still has a ticket for the play next week? D: I need to buy one!
you almost need a team one to park while the others go inside, then you rotate. Brutal
bron cant do it all
We got 50 likes!!! Let's network and get 25 more by the 1st of August!!! Love the Love!!!! SALUTE!!!!
you ready?
Looking to book April 27th ASAP, anyone in Milwaukee interested in getting involved in an Up North/Park N Murray PARTY?
Tumblr is less used as a text-based and organizing tool, more sharing of ideas.
u my brotha's I aint even gotta say it, its juss somethin they know
I'm suddenly reminded that there are only two more weeks left to summer. Or should I say, 2 more weeks until fall begins.....
Great YA panel at #w2p12 with and more.
How my day went: Okay, then bad, then boring, then horrible....Thanks family.
In all my notes to self, I'm incredibly negative/foul. I'm cool.
5th row, Moscow Festival Ballet, with Maddy!
My hair is finally fine. That shit took a while. Plus my ass hurt smh...I dislike my hair, jus to much to deal with lol
yea she bit it off :/ that's why I have a penis now.
Some people need to see the wizard of oz and get a heart. You don't have to know someone to have compassion.
Thank you for the follow!
About 2 get up and start my walk. Been messing around 2 much...gettin on my workout regimen starting 2day! Need 2 #lookgood4summer ;)
Why is there a random man in my house. #confused. WTF
let me have you!
Suns out guns out <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
I fucking hate you.
ACTIVI-YOINK! I win at Life! LITERALLY.
y'all follow NVMe Entertainment,
"I'm at the corner of 1st and 1st ... How can the same street intersect with itself? It must be at the nexus of the universe."
Suck it up, and leave early to take a shower.
So glad I'm smiling :) but knowing what I have to do will hurt.
Amb. Daniel Shapiro to #miamimegamission- just b/c iron dome works doesn't mean rocket attacks are ok - No greater priority than security.
You seem to be very intelligent and I like that you are outspoken. I hope that you keep in touch! All love Avvalanche.
dope got a few things so I'll be emailing you.
"In all these things we are more than conquerors through Him who loves us." Romans 8:37
And yet again, I bless my luck at breaking through this season to become a proud Twins season ticketholder.
nude and soapy? sure thing. clean thoughts. :)
ill be there tomorrow
well, clearly that means more navel pictures are in order.
When a good thing goes bad its not the end of the world.its just the end of the world that u had with one girlDoing itwrong
Any "Danny and The Miracles" and 'Larry Brown" references...
lol, will do! She thinks you're very talented.
Personal Training....Arrghh!
If I don't go to #Southpaw tonight. I am the biggest asshole ever!
Spent the day recording some acoustic blues & the music for a new song with my old friend & guitarist Greg Krueger... it was a good day
does that include Metro back to Bmore?
It's much more small town, than suburbs. Suburgatory is suburbs. Perhaps unsurprisingly.
Spent the week running audits for one client and organizing events, and the weekend working/managing events in ATL and Savannah.
No problem, glad to help!
One week until G2E uggggg to soon
Finance Friday- 2. Financial Freedom is a myth. More like Financial Relief on the way Financial Interdependence.
Wow, tweets from PA, VA, DC, NJ about the earthquake.
Internet is down and LpTp is updating...going to bed.
The kid im baby sitting has made me 3 cups of coffee and now he's hiding in the curtain...
#dailythanks Friday. With very minimal weekend plans.
the moon always looks rad!
Having issues with original phone # cause of large volume of calls on today's Liquid Face Lift workshop at 1:00pm.Please Call 305-640-5602
If you don't make mistakes, you aren't really trying.
skipping some extra training w/ my kung fu brothers due to icy roads...curled up on the couch w/ the laptop and a blanket instead :-)
RT Get a behind the scenes look at planning for the 2009 EOTF event with this Rochester D&C article. Http://bit.ly/15wvdQ
I'm excited to watch Zooey Deschanel singlehandedly save the world and/or bring down all womankind tonight. #New(Divisive)Girl
i would say 'happy 420 everyone' but i 420 everyday so.....?
& when we're done ... I don't wanna feel my legs
Bananas in Pajamas has just been added to Weird.
im getting agervated
Can't wait to watch the game today Ar v Al!! Go Hogs!!
I allowed inside my heart
Social Workers, helping create better tomorrows!
I'm let you figure that out.
BWAHAHAHA! How did you know?
Remember, remember the Fifth of November.
HEY Got a Mother's Day menu to share?
No honor, no respect.
Little boys Farther should of taken that guy to the restroom and put that baseball up his ass! What a Loser
Watching the Red Sox and Dodgers game.
Check out the great schwag you can get by becoming a backer! bit.ly/uF5HWQ
Getting ready for my audition for the NEW "In Living Color" TV show tomorrow!
I'm from Louisville but my dad is from down on Greasy, we have our reunions there, I like to ask people when I see pike county
join us at on June 4--#datacatalog, hacking, apps building for #Oakland &
Ringo Starr - Walk With You - 06:15 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Love watching the masters
Charlize Theron is the sexiest woman alive by far!
Happy Mothers day also! I love you Mommy!!
I loved your #boyfriend video <3 Great song ! Still gotta watch the interview, but love you! please follow <3
Yes, I see the Sox are losing, congrats on winning game 11 of 162. If someone has the game and DVR, will you please rewind to when they...
Lucky 2b listng to "Harvester of Sorrow" while working - I don't think a better Symphony of Guitar, Drum, and Bass exists! <3
tell Trey he can take care of the trip if he likes lol
I CAN'T DANCE FOR MY LIFE LOLOL ASK ME IN A FEW YEARS I'LL BE LIKE ZAYN.
taking the blog down while I rethink things-- it was neither well-tended or well-read (related phenomena)
Paladino did the same thing in 2010
It takes your enemy and your friend, working together, to hurt you to the heart: the one to slander you and the other to get the news to you
What are the odds Tim Duncan, who is an unrestricted free agent this summer, does not resign with the ?
Also picking the right fight. Everything doesn't need a war.
“Entrepreneurs shouldn&#39;t pitch their ideas to venture capitalists ...
shocked if there was 1 that didn't RT Do teams monitor sales on secondary markets like stubhub for price elasticity and demand?
"The following plug-in is unresponsive." Can anyone guess which one?!
Happy Wednesday!
I hate when people text me first and then don't keep the conversation going.
wow... I feel the love...
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP-
Mar 31, 1922: #Churchill was speaking daily in Commons on behalf of Irish Agreement.
Aw man!! Don't tell me that, I might REALLY do it. AND call you for a video too...a 3D one <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Manhattan Bridge lovesong.
Thanks for comin' !RT : Had an awesome time with again :)
The Chicago Bulls is hosting the Charlotte Bobcats tomorrow eve at the United Center. Call at: 888-493-0004 to get your tickets!
so was it you who stole my focus today?!? :-)
I hope WARREN G ain't bullshittin bout him and Eminem, K dot, and Wiz performing on the same set at COACHELLA...that'll be stupid dope!
In my office we comunicate primarily by acronyms. None of which are accepted by the official Scrabble dictionary.
It's going to be awesome 4 sure!! I'll be singing with Patrick! R u picking Galen 2 sing with? ;-)
Figured that was the case. Enjoy!!
Hello Miami!!! We are ready to start the weekend with a lot of events. Yesterday we were participating in Art Basel Miami Beach!!
<U+2661>Some say sex is overrated...They just ain't doing it right!!! ; )
seeking LA DEMO singersSATB! must be classically trained!!! please email vocal demo with references and contact info:
awesome!!(: omg I can't wait till summer<3
It's not "stranger danger.” National statistics show 90% of child sexual abuse cases involve someone the child knows and trusts.
Yu Darvish. Wow. Thank you for that entertaining game
please shoot me
we had church today too /: I was super upset when I saw you weren't here !
I REALY WANT U TO FOLLOW ME I'M TRYING TO GET U TO NOTICE ME :(
Heard the mix of "Uh Oh" tonight...this song is HOT!!
About to go support my other team
is workout at 9 or 10am tomorrow?
I was just thinking that... love you honey B <U+2665>
The are in the house answering phones at the Radiothon!!
i have a new idea for a reality tv show and it is like jersey shore and the real world mixed
that is You should take her flywheel class with me!!
How well does your team work together?
Just used Woyzeck in a seminar about play structure; we rearranged scenes to produce different meanings.
Omg its a friday gonna sleep all weekend. Tell everyone I'm hibernating
Martin Gomez: The future of public libraries is digital.
;) “: So is that catholic guilt + pleasure? RT : My tongue could make you feel like you're the only gay in the world”
I can't wait to see the new Muppets movie...
Next Big Nashville Reminder: Non-Coms are playing Friday night (10/1) at Mercy Lounge at 9:30 sharp. come early! $10 w/out NBN wristband.
Not a prob! I'm surprised it doesn't happen more often. :)
The one thing that the texas renegade has not considered is, what is going to happen to him? He had better.
We Love You Chris Brown.!(: <3
I have a new article out about Tang Capital. none of the stocks mentioned there are my picks FMI.
Love how the Yanks are torturing Red Sox Nation. Got a huge lead, brought in the B team, and let the Rays tie it up with 2 outs in the 9th.
don't be insecure :)
I've seen such great concerts recently. Wow!!! Nothing like live music.
I would kill to be on Broadway. Too bad I lack talent.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
did Kate gosselin get a facelift? I think she probably did
SF people: We're looking for around 200 sq ft in #RichmondDistrict for film #archives workspace. Any ideas or leads MUCH appreciated.
“: Really don't know what to say about halftime ceremony. Incredibly surprised by the booing of Lacob.” cc:
We still on? I was thinking there's those trails right down on 2nd ave and the south side too if you want to be closer to downtown. Lmk
me too!
I wanna chill with somebody.
In and out because of packing.
Do you use a calendar in your daily routine?
How do you like #FoodTrucks???
WHOA WHOA I don't think this is fair. Esp. bc you still have the ring and the puppy.
Chicago: We are holding an open call on Friday, April 13 from 9-1! Bring your resume & references to our Clark St store at 2711 N Clark St
desperate housewives!!!
At the movies with my friends.
If any show is weirder than Summer Heights High please let me know.
follow me and ill follow :)
Have been neck deep in setup of new venture, stndng up & staffng the human capital group. #shrm10. Can't wait 4 big news in Dec
Take this Pill, You’ll feel better!
Yeah, Your Cool. Have fun with your only friend. Since our friendship is
Pre beers at the Tap with , , , and my date
If u still have your wisdom teeth....keep em! Having them pulled fucking sucks.
Pleased to hear it. Congratulations.
I seem to be the "what to do in LA" maven this week!
hey girl!
#KMGDePaul #KMGemerge - Power Tower will be there!
Old strategies of economic development aren't working for Georgia. Other states are offering stronger incentives.
How's your day going mahomies? Hope it's wonderful :)
I wanna hoop!!
Don't be nervous, you know your stuff! Can't wait to watch!
YAAAY it's my birthday at last woo!!!!!!
Your vision creates your reality
wow, so so heart breaking
guy code was on point.
both TVM at Penn station fail credit cards.
Go detoxer...go!!
"It is easier to go down a hill than up, but the view is best from the top."
ringaling!! thanks for the follow!!! xoxox
how are you my friend
Thanks for the #ff mention!
she has become the rule of the roof roost. Can't lie. Will miss our nighttime sightings :)
It might at that.
If I was Austin and i lived in Miami I would be at the beach every second of everyday.
MacRae, what are you talking about ?!
I tend to always end up shopping online when I'm supposed to be doing my homework.
His press and curl is always fresh
yes this happened after the last update. And my friend had everyone muted for no reason
Whoso loves, believes the impossible. Elizabeth Barret Browning
Impostoring a swag god is a serious offense and could lead to death
Including a teen and her mom - she graduates high school Saturday, runs the marathon relay Sunday! Both had the surgery
they should give you one for free for all of the mentions
and I can't sleep -__-
And I thought they were twin bros. . .
There is more to know about ? Do tell.
There is an app for intrade in case you didn't know. Also whoever intrade has as favorites in elections are near locks.
i cant stand u -_-
If you could only figure out a route to bypass Connecticut.
didn't say anything with rush, why would he.he's a chicken, no guts.
Picture didn''t make it to twitpic
Hell yea, you go from sugar cookie to bitter booger RT : anyway, my temper be on 0-60 in 5 seconds, and i'm angry.
My favorite author & keynote speaker is speaking on Thursday at #STExpo12 and I won't be there
yes haha I think I'll be there sometime next week :)
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
I know :( How did you guys enjoy it?
*Sniff ...* Freshly cut grass! Yes! Fist pound to you all!
okay, i won't then... idk i'm gonna let it charge cos it was dying when i was in the middle of texting you.
Didn't help that 13th St. smelled like shrimp tempura while on my run
Happy Happy Birthday to !!! ^_^
so excited!! Hope u win
Proud to represent a great family company out of SD. 60+ years of taking care of our employees and our community. Be positive, not negative.
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Be a "Content Shark"-- look for content ideas everywhere! Your personal life can be a rich source of material.
Wave Cap Music
I seriously thought I was having a pulmonary embolism 45 minutes ago. That or heartburn, I'm not sure.
Good advice.
The Enoch Pratt Free Library was incorporated by the Maryland Legislature on March 30, 1882.
Getting used to a hard keyboard on the BB Bold. All in all good upgrade from the storm.
lol wat u talk n bout bra
I just came to say hello... Hello!
music and looking for a part time job..
Baby, because nothing goes right between agent? The truth is that no one is happy #alone .
Clean Genome E. coli www.scarabgenomics.com
man they're even worse. If rather be alone sometimes.
thanks man =)
I heard this recently but I heard +8
Elmo is a true red bastard.
Wondering why are not following me yet!
Yeah, I feel the same way. OUr classes are starting to take off and the catering is taking on a life of its own!
Isn't that just "a band-aid on a gunshot wound?" It just highlights that we're not spending money in ed/infrastructure.
RT Our bishops now want a report card from their pastors every week. accountability. P Nixon Sounds like the co I work for
There is a way that seems right...the end of it is death
its about time you tweet
You're kidding. Are we both having technical difficulties?
Thanks Megan! Its a blast to ride in the city or on campus. Its a little guy so its easy to stow away on the train.
I have been finding it easier and easier to let go of things. Maybe it's because I care too much, or maybe it's cause I don't care at all.
did you get any days on the Tom Hanks movie?
miss you back, sweets.
Good Luck :)
#Strangers don't hide. The morning hunts you down. But there's nothing stranger than to love someone
Thanks. I'll have to fave that to read later. Bedtime now. BTW, I still owe you uke recommendations!
My friend won Kiss 106.1's contest to have a webcam chat with Selena Gomez, hahaha.
LS: these amazing records don't give voice to the lives of the enslaved, but the Getting Word project helps fill some gaps.
: That may be correct, but at least I know how to act in public.
For the next 5 hours swing by Deli Zone Lodo and get the deal shown here: French Dip Fri $6.99
Good friends with Paradise (Jason). Met him back in '08 @ a GH party. Friendly guy. Haven't seen him in person in forever tho.
Anyone who wants 2get pregnant in the back of a pick-up truck pasture party. At least that's what my HS friends tell me.
She's got her FB page, her YT channel, and her Google blog, and all her friends, he he he. :D
William Shatner just saved me 46% on a car rental.
Mad act like she dont know me but its all good....lmao!
I don't want to do it myself tho
Those "Friends" That Are Only Your Friend When They Need Something.
Thanks for rubbing salt in the wound.
hi. is that a suit in the photo? thanks.
Alex Smith- you just handed drew brees 2 min to go down the field and score.
Kat must be proud. ;)
The way his left shoulder is so far down?
cus she looks like me :)
The key to all memory improvement techniques? Converting difficult to remember things into images.
The same thing twice in 24 hrs? i have to say it. If you're gonna get on me about my stuff, you better have your stuff together.
Learn yoga for free and take classes through DVD
Christina Murphy - Even one #child #homeless is too many. #WakeUp #Pittsburgh. 1,700 school aged children were homeless in 2010-2011 in A.C.
as I say that, Baylor fumbles and washington recovers deep in Baylor territory!
Michel Serres: In our posthumanist future all sentences will be fragmentary. No grammatical subjects, only direct quasi-objects.
An amazing night in Twin Falls performing When People Lead. Thank you all for your support and more so sharing your truth after the show!
i can't sorry.
I'm sensing that some part of the word "Yukon" was unclear to you....
And there is nothing to eat or do at any of the exits.
They invented hugs to let people know you love them, without saying anything.<U+2665>
Respondents who reported that their relationships were "pretty happy" and "not too happy" were two and four times more likely, respective...
Avi on point! Yes! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
If you are willing to listen, then I am willing to teach.
What are you doing? Want to meet?
Good morning, Anita. How was the movie last night? Where you going on your trip?
here we go again. ugh :(
Jonny - "Should I read my Bible before I go to bed?" Me - "Bro, what would Jesus do?" - "Read His Bible."
Thanks so much! I will!
I DON'T believe it!! Lol
Go see tonight!! He puts on one hell of a show. Its very very funny. And buy his shirts & programs also. saw him in Nashville
FACT: #BruceWillis breathes bad ass.
What's your goal for today?
One more Bulls game and one more Cubs game and ttthhhenn I am OUTA HERE!!!
Having money >
“: Nice pick, Look forward to two exciting games against you.” LOFL.
RT : Im goin to church tomorrow ..
When 1 of us leaves, 5yo nephew says "Avoid speed traps". No idea Y or how he knows what 1 is.
for 2 hours I'll be in the studio!! STOKED!
Those people who follow fake celebrity accounts.
My sister sucks at this shit:-)
Aw, hugs to you!
u got a chopper in tha car too?
should have opened with Rock The Belles
Just like every other crazy republican. A bid to prevent or stop war just drives the GOP batshit crazy...er!
This!! “ If some people could just be an ear & a good listener instead of suggesting & advising.”
After your FREE pizza at come shopping at ! And bring us some Dublin DP!
That's a great idea! The #wbn continues all week!
- doesn't surprise me...it's raining cats and dogs!
That's right. I watched JAWS twice today.
Good Morning ! I pray you have a blessed day :)
Just figured out key to fantasy sports: know when guy's contracts are up! Always been a slow learner!
Thanks so much Caren! Hope you have a great rest of SMC!
And buy izzy a car lol RT : #IfIWonTheMegaMillion I Would go CRAZY, and cry of happiness
So tired !
Fair point. Plus, they won't realize they are missing flannels in the middle of summer...
But isn't the point of a ceiling to not go past it? Why bother having one if it's gonna keep getting raised?
Hey geoff, I was just wondering if there was going to be another archive tour after HoF game again?
Ever wonder what others see in your designs?
is dancing and playing with abandon.
Cali flow in a couple of hours about to spend the weekend in the OC laying in the sun and eating good Sweet!
RT : But it helps to tweet about an event at least once a day and RT others. ..@ different times.
#TwSIG RT = ReTweet. It was something came about by users. "Old" retweet use the RT. sometimes have to shorten a Tweet you can use "MT"
Facebook ad clickthrough rate was 0.051% in 2010 (via ). Need to start putting ads in News Feed... I trained myself to not look on side.
I hope not! It was just a few ants, that's all! Haha!
TextEdit? Or do you need more functionality? That's what I use for drafting blog posts, bios, etc. Then Pages for docs.
Why can't LA have bomb Chinese food spots like the northeast... Loving boston right now, vibe is different
Lol I really like you :)
I'm really proud of the success my are having! Keep up the good work Tribe!
Sometimes i called you my BFF...;(((
To me, basketball seems more about egos and money than a sport.
toe rings? of course! especially a matching set :)
cos it's hype - with just a few grains of truth, like #infowars. They want you to feel powerless. But you're not.
Holy shit. Trueblood better have more Alcide this season.
Pitbull: Ruining every product he attaches his name to
thanks for the update, I feared as much :-(
Arg I should've took pictures w/ Jason today lol we were just too cool for 4th period *-*
We received over 13,000 views of our music video yesterday from boingboing! Insanity....
Psch, please. I've had that EP, and I purchased it!
okay so I meant trashy lol stupid auto
This was constituent outreach, but in my line of work we use the same technology platforms to great effect for voter outreach.
West Elm Plates, Barefoot Contessa Cookbook, Gingerbread Houses, Gift Cards & More! Wanna win it? Then join us at 9pm EST at #Juice4Holiday!
THIS RT": Now if Disney can offer a "local" discount than Jazz Fest surely can."
Sara: using SLA as a community in which you can exercise and sharpen skills that aren't in your work remit.
it's getting tingly.. something's about to happen!
Right, what I'm asking is: how do you take notes and how transferable are they? Do you just annotate the PDFs?
I read it for acquired cog class and LOVED it!!!
New Designs for PhotoBiz Flash Portfolio, Blog and Store Sites
RT : Instead of focusing on all the bad, be thankful for all the good. Each day you have is a blessing from God. Enjoy life.
BOSTON FASHION WEEK CELEBRATION PARTY THIS SATURDAY! Only place to be that night! Doors Open 9:30pm
:'( worst night of my life i cant handle losing you grandpa :'(
Sad weekend of shock, tears, and deep thought. You really don't know how things will affect you until they hit. They've hit.
We can't wait either! We promise a great show
hey rain can you please RT #RN20 it's for my best friend who took his life Sunday and it would mean a lot thank you
Fun.. Fun.. Fun
You rule! RT : straight beautician
Watching doing dancy dance time! Haha!
Yuup, if Rex Ryan can tone down they can too
I love my pet wussy , R-T if you read it wrong
Does not bode well. RT : RT : Not one person at B&N has ever tried to sell me a Nook. Or a book, for that matter.
OMG pretty little liars in an hour!
Thank you for that!
It's almost the weekend. Who is playing at Sports at the Beach tomorrow?
Seibold: tell your staff that they are becoming the experts, to encourage in-house innovation and to motivate staff!
kmdsl u so silly
You know things are bad when Saudi Arabia is telling Syria to get its human rights act together.
what picture did u tweet me ?
A pretty girl, with ugly ways, is an ugly girl!
so jealous you got to hang in the common and gardens! Hope it was a lovely trip!
i miss you to. </3
so i've lost like 10 pounds or so since starting college and now my pants fit me even less than before! gah.
awh shucks :3 BUT YOU MUST STUDY! If you study and get your license, you can drive to work. And that means more money for 1D !
Its Raining In The Mil =(
": #Cubs and Brewers are tied 7-7 in the 13th inning. They play again in 12 hours."
that looks complicated
Can't wait to see. I am still vacillating about what I want to get.
Tell me this "may the fourth be with you" thing is a joke?
hey its was Asian food therefore I m doing JUST FINE! lol
RT : 90% of what I try might fail, I just keep the faith that the 10% that works makes a HUGE impact. :)
gamepro.com should have won
Happy St. Ptrick's Days! <3
“ “ Shout out to all my twitter family that are #TeamTaurus!!!!!! Tweet your bday! i'm May 17th. When is yours? RT!”” May 4th
Do you need me to come help you go through your receipts?
Don't give this generation much credit. Most of my students never heard of Zeppelin and think the Rolling Stones are a magazine.
Have yet to see scheduled guest Mary j blige appear at NPR party
we've got em!! Come on down! Gluten free but delicious!
RT The only bad thing about most people is having to interact with them.
for sure, Go Pack Go
I remember when I was a kid, all I wanted were toys. Now that I'm an adult, all I want are clothes and money.
hey bbys how are you? c:
That's so Northwestern ...
Thank you to Liasa Sugg who's making all this work & come together. THANK YOUU LIASA!!!!!!!!
Who wanna see Wale with me Friday night??
#RitchieMoviePitch remake of The Breakfast Club but with actors in their late 80s-90s. Call it: THE SUPPER CLUB
RIP MY PHONE i need a outlet
yea, Lisa "Left Eye" Lopez :(
I can send you a dozen links of v associates posting "comparisons" that are based in complete inaccuracy. It's lame.
Hello thanks for following us! Hope your having a wonderful week.
uh oh, if the republicans realize they actually have a viable candidate to get behind this could spell real trouble for dems!
I quit last week
: Eric, is it flooding in Tucson??
I don't deserve this. I did nothing.
pull a book review from a journal as an example. Split time between summary and critique.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
Give me scars. Give me pain. Then theyll say to me , there goes a fighter.
About to post a video!
I won't dive if u won't fly to Boston lol
Shoulda had dough...my response to everything today
fuck you. fuck you. fuck you...YOU'RE cool...fuck you! I'm out! lol
It really did. Can hardly believe he going to be 2. I didn't ever think I would say he is growing so fast. Everyday has been a joy
#ICantLiveWithout God, my Pug, water, #free food, and cold
they don't have the space. My friend recommended La Dolce Vita (plus it's next to Quack's Bakery).
there are more wishes than stars.
Hello and good morning, I hope everyone has a nice week! What are your plans?
After today's potluck I am eating only vegetables for dinner tonight
I'm FREE
alright, well good luck
I am not! But I used to live in NYC & I have tons of friends in Cambridge/somerville.
Every time you complete a sentence without the word "like" a teenager drops out of high school
I don't recall ever seeing a Sherlock movie...
Our only competition is ignorance. Tucson Alarm, $15 a month, locally monitored and 30 years serving Southern Arizona.
I found my roomie for Bellarmine :) !!
This bitch is standing on a corner in a swimsuit. I yelled "HOW MUCH?!" out the window :)
yeah, sorry bro
essentially Geneava Henry's presentation is related to #libraryempire which is that the library is the honest broker in libraries
Sh!t it's cold out here.
This Sonics is on point!
Sorry to hear about your incident with the 21-A Watermelon Wheat. We would love to make good if possible. Can you DM me?
I kinda figured is pretty cute ;D
Made it on blanktv congrats!!
Did you see your boys have a show? United Stats of America. Math and snarky comedy!! It's perfect!
Just let the bodies hit the floor...ok?...good :D
#taxes done! Suck it IRS!
U CANT EXPECT SOMETHING & EXPECT 2 GIVE NOTHING.
Maybe if we map out the potential areas of failure as part of project plan, achievement consists of confirming/eliminating.
ya ill get one
Dancing bachata right now would be amazing. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Sup HOMO!
Happy Birthday i hope u have a great day! ur the funniest person ive ever seen nd i wish i could meet u someday!! <3uso much
oh that's embarrassing. Oh well.
Do you cater? Please DM me if you do. Looking for SD food trucks to cater November 15th/16th 2012.
try hitting 25...
U know they will!
oh okay.
If you are living your life without giving an "f", You are living a li[ ]e .
WAIT WHEN IT GONNA HAPPEN?
I hate guys that force themselves onto me.
Getting a foot massage :)
Denver is not even on the list???
Rough idea in the Gdoc; thinking about Tom Morello's protest music, genre theory, and social action.
I got one for Christmas last year...it was my only present from my grandparents lol.
if anyone could...you could...and therefore you must...from the top of the sears building to my front porch would work
or a video game character...
Yes we can! Thank you for all of your hard work!
#WorstBreakUpExcuses "I'm saving myself for Tom Sellek." I get that all the time...
“: "Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life." - Buddha
*to judge
So u busy with your hand ja RT : Smh me myself and I lol
I am a FUCR and a godPawn revolutionary!
My beautiful wife #mademesmile with some amazing loving today :)
"Volume Up"? More like "Lesbianism Up" amirite?
well your lucky
Take care of that Indian craving and grab some Chicken Tikka Masala + Garlic Nan from Taj or Flavor of India
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars. -Charles Austin Beard.
At home chilling lol
good luck tonight !! we'll be howling from Wisconsin!
. Genuinely excited to share the story of Appalachia's #MTR -induced agony this afternoon 3 pm at First Parish in Cambridge, MA
Hate this feeling.
When writing a requirements document, it's imperative that you are listening to metal loudly and with as many breakdowns as possible.
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
i swear the vizsla, or whatever it is, next door tried to eat through the fence and maul me.
Off to bed! Still listening to "skater boy" of :)
Your logo is not your brand, but it is a good start. Consider what you want your name, brand & logo to convey to potential/current customers
We're on Fox34 with this morning. Tune in to see spring fashion trends, and hear more about !
so exicted! There gonna be great:)
Damn went in too hard on the mixtape
I have Chinese media client who produced 138 30-min shows about Chinese history & historic places ..in english & HD! Anyone need TV content?
Fear knocked. Faith answered. No one was there.
heyy =] how are you?
thx for the love homie now all we gotta do is killem wit that track ayyyyyyyy................n yall calln me rap.............
I BET A MILLION THE NEW YORK KNICKS WILL NOT BEAT THE HEAT SERIES!!!!!!!!! LOL
Like going out to eat, or reviewing your favourite establishment? Let us know, we are always looking for writers with opinions!
ha! Yeah, totally not warm and fuzzy.
hello my lady :)
A crook is a person who was out for what he could get and in for what he got.
Listening to and new albums on repeat. They are defiantly tied for album of the year right now.
as of today, as far as the public domain is concerned, he white house. Which is exactly what Paul wants to rile up his base.
BEARS WIN!! C'mon Dallas tame the Cats
#libr246 I'd love to hear if anyone covers - thanks!
Watch out world, I'm street legal.
ahh dang u got me!!!
Running ! 5 km
Idk, its different listening to it in a car or headphones.. At raves, they have shit tons of huge speakers. So imagine BASS
EVERYONE!!!!PLEASE RE-FOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!! REFOLLOW ME!! AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
Is pretty proud that now follows me. I hope I make you proud...
Romantic Tip #9: write a love letter to your partner and mail it - .44...www.familyandlifesolutions.com
#CTIAW12 is awesome! We have never been to a show like this before. We would love to meet you for a second. Been follower 4 yrs
#MarissaAlexander keep her in your prayers..
oh, , it's sad but true.
Houston zoo! If it's free take two, right?
what u doing babyg let's chill !
Kicking it off tonight with Lundi Gras madness at Maxie's. Try out all the small plate specialties of tomorrow's Mardi Gras menu!
Colorblocking! #nasagoesneon RT : Hey how would you re-style the #NASA astronauts for a pre-launch press conference?
love it when you call me legs, in the morning buy me eggs <3
bahaha. She's so smart.
Options for collaboration are endless--Wilkin.
Rich Schefren taught me "Just-In-Time" Learning. This has made a Big Improvement for me.
Once again, i am bored. i need more homies XP
Moss: emotional intelligence made up of self-perception, self-expression, interpersonal, decision making, stress management
Imagine how far that ball would've gone if Braun still had Fielder protecting him.
it's always something. Tomorrow should be interesting.
Big thanks to my neighba for blasting out the snow plow's remnants.
Buckeye basketball has officially lost their swagger. Two different teams first half and second half of season.
Monday nite Trivia Tuesday nite Jazz Every nite: The best beer & whisky selection in town!
Tough start for the #Blueshirts but let's turn it up now...
This sun calls for a little
Just realized. I don't need another big mamas house sequel.
When theTV doesn't work because your dog chewed the cable!
TIME GOES BY FAST
my boy Quinton Carter from Vegas
Canucks Fan Takes Flash Grenade TO THE CROTCH
Workin' out all the album details, tracklisting, and lyrics for the album art. Who wants a Shoreline Drive t-shirt?
“Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.”
Considering a routine change - different weight routine and dropping trainer led workout. How much change at one time? Decisions, decisions.
Add me on LiveProfile my PIN is LP9I0HCU <3
Unbelievable, but I´m homesick!
Is Starr really gonna let the Todd in her shine thru?1?
Getting ready for our next auditions in NYC for Quest summer theatre for High School and College Only more info coming soon.
same! my window isn't given me a breeze either
#CelebrityCrush : ...He is pretty much the main reason why I watch that show
Out of curiosity how many of your clients work in a non-profit type environment?
A LOT has changed these past 4 years. Good shit. Bad shit. But I'm thankful for all of it.
We had it as an optional benefit at my old company.
grab a ho
So annual eye exam including pupil dilation ended 1hr and 1/2 ago, still have crazy vision.
hahaa k come at 5 you and becca can fight for first
Seconded! RT : Big MD preservation thanks to & for signing HPF Dear Colleague
Dude I wish life was easier sometimes...
thanks! Please do.
cookies make good spoons.
It's like they're saying everything I'm listening too
The #Cardinals look like they could run away with the #NLCentral. For #Brewers to compete, have to bury #Astros (tonight), #Pirates,
No worries. Follow us so we can DM you!
Why not...good luck!
I'm bummed by the lack of your drill
We r SO PROUD 2 have made the cover of look 4us FRI & Join the party 10/22! www.ambushevents.com
I will do that next week - in the morning for coffee. Let's pick a day.
Much depends on the funding model for IT. For us, one-time $ easier to find than recurring $.
You should go to Le Pixel and make your own cocktail. We went for 's birthday and the results were epic.
they are officially the cutest things ever
ACM is posting photos from IA2012 and Reimagining CMs on the ACM Facebook page. Like us on Facebook!
RT : At with the crew. Great new Brian Malarkey restaurant in La Mesa near the hockey rink.
twiiter is all over kony tonight
I love that! Sounds like Wyatt is becoming his own self-advocate! I enjoyed the chat, everyone.
Savings Tip - Spiral Bulbs I found them at Grocery Oulet store -- 4 for a $1.00. Can't go wrong on that!
Irony of the day: A product mock-up ending up looking better than the actual product.
Happy Brackets Day!
Let me know if there is anything that you would like to know about Directv.
Going to bed
I stink at going to bed early. It's the only part of doing mornings I hate. :) See you bright and early!
RSVP: The Asylum
is there a link to what you are referring to..??
I'll do my best, but no promises. The left side of my face needs to be evened out.
it would appear that way
RT IF YOU HAVE AN IPOD OR IPHONE!
Who knew there was all that oil in LA? Crazy!!!
Happy B-DAY
Having a really bad night just wants to go to sleep and wake up and just forget about things :'(
Had a panic attack which landed me in the hospital. Great.
To clarify, was singing. and I just noted that would have fit right in
Yeah, it hiccuped on me. Seems to be ok now....
on da way as we speak . Two door German body
I know, and guess what else!# Guess!
I keep doing the same thing over and over again expecting different results
Linus falls asleep every year.
good luck o ur speech. come dwtown 2 hear me sometime-- u can sit in, dan. xo
remember when I tugged on your dad's dick and he liked it? It's gonna be a harder tug next time since you unfollow everyone
wait you are joking right?
TREAT YO'SELF 2011!!! I'm a cashmere candy-cane.
Yeah, I'm tweeting u at 1 am. So fucking what?
what are u doing?
"We're in a crisis here" - commenting on both pairs of our iPod headphones breaking
i am out to work see you all later
A wee bit of snow that I wasn't expecting. Definitely a Sorel boot day.
travel safely!
exploits unconventional thrillers, like their new Scandanavian adaptation, "Headhunters," à la Stieg Larsson.
Sorry Patron?
“ Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin. ” Mother Teresa
omg I was just saying the same thing! Does she even realize she's not wearing pants lol?
Sure. I just dmed you. I look forward to it.
Nothing better than having your sister back home <U+2665> #sisterloveee :)
I think my friend thinks I forgot about him... I didn't :) loaf you
#cnndebate Please tell us where you disagree with the policies of Israel?
Editing a video with and Coming soon to a YouTube channel near you.
Just so ya know are gonna be X factor judges!
UPDATE: We have almost completed our new version of StubOnline, which will help in searching tickets faster and browse easily.
The hardest thing to accept is losing your mother or dad, the pain never goes away, I pray that you make things right before they leave Amen
Love. RT We Found Cats in a Hopeless Place! RT : Terminal Miami
Hey frank , morning! 11:30 today , right ?
Playing BS!
key word is intelligent
Happy CINCO DE MAYO to my Spanish friends!!!! Lol
I still have one big chain to break... and the time is now... an addiction... smoking- yes you read that right Continued next tweet
I miss you, baby close your eyes let's meet in our dreams tonight. <3
Looking for the Best Nail Techs n Atlanta Salon Ramsey Midtown Now Hiring www.salonramsey.net 404.841.1499
Wasn't really a Whitney Houston fan. I once had sex with a gal from Houston who was named Whitney though. Big fan of that.
yea yo how much?
my students are awesome! They're the ones who earned it. :-)
Flashdrives...that's a GREAT idea, thanks!
I don't want this going south... But I think it's about to if you keep acting like this...
lets see what sports center tlkin bout
That hungover moment when u decide that a wake and bake > going back to sleep
aw I'm sorry Lmaooooo!!! Well come visit u asshole!! Hell me move... *fingers, toes, nipples crossed*
Ugh I have the worst habit of biting my finger nails when I'm stressed out :(
Orgs must define diversity and go beyond to focus in inclusion.
Thursday, the counselor at the Veterans Center tells me I'm welcome in the group for Adult Children of Combat Veterans. Who am I?
Looking stupid & feeling how I look, on that note I'm gone
Shooting a short and getting put up in a nice Hotel. I can get use to that.
"A Union of Interests," "Pursuits of Happiness," "Quest for Glory," "Pox Americana," "Paul Revere's Ride"....
happy birthday son! ..enjoy..Ty
We talk all this shit about people & our family, but we don't realize if they left this world tomorrow that we'd regret it.
Loved Glee tonight....maybe it's because I watched it in Ohio :)
don't forget the
tell me about it.
I was talking about Coldplay!!
Wow, that is some CRAPPY green screening.
what, what?
Working for the man!
We want to look into the ice cold water problem. Which bathroom on which floor please?
I have half a bottle of warm water & 1/4 of a cupcake to get me through the next 90 minutes on train. I feel like Katniss.
Of course i get lost on my way home then lock my keys in my car. Of course.
you won't have to wait to long, they are already in talks for the "Twilight" writer to pen the her Highlander movie.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "A woman that's worth it, will never be easy to get, & a real man will always be patient."
Come on Mavs! Beat that Heat!
A red rosebud also means purity whereas a thorn less rose means love at first sight
#Vegan One-Pan Ratatouille..Classic veggie stew with Vitamins C & A,potassium, fiber, & folate..omealo.com/share?type=rec…
had two of my favorite things at , and pickles! ^TR
it goes to the twitter Bermuda triangle
Oh good call. Were referring to Producer of The Artist. Damn, ghost of Peter Lorre is everywhere! Wonder who else we can find.
lop where did u get that picture of them
Everytime I see the Big Lights in Memphis, I keep Dreamin.
Aw shucks, ur so sweet! TY
Youth Culture tonight... 6pm... Dont' miss it...
My nigga Sid bout to go on next!
Good morning good #tea people! Once you decide whom you'll be, there's no room for others to fill in the blank.
LOL I need a cup of tea!
Couples Night! Couples' Entry=2 for 1!! $5 pizzas, Dance Specials, Discount VIP Booths!
I know. Lol
that's all we've gotten all season!
Last night in #Indy, said his personal favorite remix of his was of 's "Lick It". Insane remix, too. is king.
How does the saying go? Welcome to Portland if you don't like the weather wait five minutes.
: #Twifey u must b sleep huh...hit me when u get up...
Looking up contact info on my old favorite bookstores and remembering suddenly that a lot of them no longer exist.
could have paired him with a young Brian Nigro from Xaverian for a chsaa tandem!
Nick Joe Rahall tells #GOP doesn't know meaning of compromise and are erroding the middle class.
Crazy how this happens all so soon.
Is anyone else expecting Bradford to take another step forward because of McDaniels and added WR depth?
yes, kind is my middle name
Okay i officially can't listen to that song anymore without getting flashback visions from julias the other night .... Ew hahhaha.
i wont be illegal pretty soon. and not in all states. lol
whats wrong jess
when someone you love doesn't love you
I thought the same thing when I saw him up to bat. Looks just like he did in StL
My Dad just told me they're moving out of the house so they can fit the new TV
You want to know something really sad? I was born & raised in Oregon and never went to the OSF. Sigh. Youth is wasted on the young.
Does it feel any different?
Can we stop the drama already? Who cares about about Alexis anymore???
just thinking of u 2day! In online session talking about how we've met people online & grown to care abt them! Thought of u!
FINALLY HOME!!! I feel like I've been in a car forever. Such a crazy weekend it was :)
Didn't wear a single ounce of green and never got pinched :) <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080> #luckoftheirish ;)
It’s a piece of “gateau” (cake)!
Yes please DM us!
i worry about that too -- technology isn't the problem, getting people interested+contributing is
also Japanese and other Asian language characters lend themselves well to reading and writing on the phone.
While picking up my pretty new dress from , I spied some super cool, covert operations coming soon from
My first week at my new job... I am happy and calm.
Lol. So, today is your cheat day. That's how you do it.
happy to be home after a busy day... editing video and constructing dynamite emails in my head... don't forget to eat, ALYSSA!!!
Nicolay is getting you going early tomorrow! 6:30am Yoga Flow all Levels, Miami Beach!
lets do it im down bruh
I never thought I'd be playing DJ Hero, yet here I am playing it.
Hah! I remember all your mom's plants in your back yard on Garden Gate.
An hour until I can eat... Thank God...
I am stunned #CFC, but gotta trust AVB!
Been a productive but Hectic day. How are you doing twatters?
So glad! More pix!
or nobody's at work. I got the week off for spring break.
hey follow me please :)
Been tryna get my hair appointment arranged. I'm plannin on dyin half my hair red. Im 2 tonin it
strike that last tweet. I'm not up on today pods :( premature Cowellization!
I think I'm ready for this Spinning in the AM
I finally gave in...still trying to figure this out!
Laughing with your pretty mouth
Sure would LOVE to Florida-Georgia Line's new single! Cruise is a HIT - play it!
S/o 2 4 showing love
pssss! Bunny, please no babies in my yard! Lol :)
Need new ideas about exercising, recipes, drinks?? etc??
"I think Taylor Swift is a rapper." -Mimi
Seriously. These bitches are like "OMG bullying iz soo bad u shud luv every1" then sit there and bash any girl they don't like. It's stupid.
I am! I was there
Happy Mothers Day :) and yes that is my mother holding me in my avi
I thought u was talking about the new new one
So sleepy. I can't stay asleep for longer than 4hrs at a time these days. Wah.
that's funny but true
great mtg you today at event! Thx for taking an interest in our work.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW Dell Streak 7 Wi-Fi Tablet
I might be in the L word with this chocolate mommy.. what I would do for that puddingO_o
Some people think I say inappropriate things…Its just radical honesty
I always feel a little hipper dining over in East Nashville.
yay! It made my day seeing you <U+2764>
Thank you for your good work!!
Tonight's episode is the best of the 6 episodes that exist.
what r u doing lol
I KNOW I JUST DONT LIKE IT WHEN THEY DONT EVEN ASK AND JUST GO ON AND TOUCH HIM I DONT KNOW THEM NEVER SEEN THEM IN MY LIFE
"Broke 100 likes on urbanspoon, thank you!" - puts you in my book! -Conrad
My girlfriend is amazing.
Degrassi is trending in Atlanta!!!!:)
Anyone know of a site I can watch the NBA playoff games on?
The sweet smeel of my cooch after waking up and a hard banging session. Priceless.
4 followers away from 500, not that i'm paying attention
he will be gone in no time. He should be at least.
GOD BLESS AMERICA was a hell of a good time wrapped up in an odd little package.
Thanks for the #NationalWellnessPledge retweets and !
I'm totally digging the high fashion and drama work of of Los Angeles based designer Arturo Rios
SM like any other form of communication can be appropriate or not. Kids need to know that.
We'll go with this -- RT : I propose the word "Sprummer"!
You will survive!!
Is the derby the only event Bob Costas is at eye level with the participants?
Omg god I hate english! Well actually I like it but I lost all my note cards and can't do my bibliography and it's due tomorrow morning :(
Session two students arrive tomorrow for #DWCdc!
I enjoy watching KOF, but I still can't tell what gender any of the characters are.
Must get my exercise in before laziness sets in. Laziness sets in REAL fast too... Have a lovely day, everyone! :)
That last was obviously in reference to traditionally licensed/patented hardware.
what Courtney just said about PCFH legit just stabbed me in the heart.
o where are you? Would love to catch up!
SOMETIMES YOU JUST WANNA THROW THE TOWEL IN... ;-\
RT if you're excited for Ariana's live chat <U+2665>
you could spend the nigh if u want :)
...but dude just posted up outside the door and started collecting cover charges from people. That is some wildly advanced bullshit!
is officially on Twitter! (and Tumblr, and Pinterest, and Facebook...) #JewelryGalore run by Fashion Blogger
hope to see you on Sunday! :)
invite us please!!!!
Slept in WAY late, this morning! Feels SO good! It's a gorgeous day outside & the sun is beaming in the window! Gotta get out IN it!! :)
Liking the new look app for iPad
I was very excited to find on Guitar Center Sessions this morning
Oh gosh that was awful but I feel really good now! Haha <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099> getting that #beachbod <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
To Bad I Can't Go </3
RIPMCA Hip Hop Pioneer
They have the one that goes to where all the fishing happens.
of course :)
Finally seeing The Agony and the Ecstasy of Steve Jobs. Quite psyched for something that's surely not going to be very uplifting.
made our year, appearing in the elevator @ work after a long day- packing the MILF methinks!
Black Smart Phone Cufflinks ->>> Error
RT Just like the clouds my eyes will do the same if you walk away everyday it will rain.../that my jam...
me too
Can it be the 22 yet?
Happy birthday! RT : : Hey kan i get a shout its my bday
#FlyMeToLondon so I can live with <3 x
thank you so much! Amazing !
My femme fatale my darling fallen angel... Once caught her changing the batteries in her halo, even found the receipt for her wings
To celebrate my CNS's 25th anniversary I conducted 25 Bach cantatas, including 11 in one day.
"Oh Donna Summers, my grandma listens to her music."
Yeah, they said Alex Ritchey should show some respect.
and at Allen Fieldhouse... Cool...
Firefox 14 Features Hinted In Aurora 14 Release
Happy Birthday you Jew.
If u set up hold mail service online, u can choose that they drop it off the following day vs. u pick it up.
stupid work IT security blocks it UGH could so go for that at work right now
Ah!!!!!!!!!!!! Elevate is coming out tomorrow can't wait I'm definitely getting it woo I love BTR <3 \(^o^)/
Global warming, validating my dropping out of college.
hahaha! :) "can you imagine if i actually danced like this?"
Pittsburgh you know what time it is!! GLOBAL HOUSE SESSIONS with !!!! Hit us up for VIP or guest list.
MILEY BEAUTIFUL ~
gay is in happy!
My thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible storm that passed through Friday.
lol. Still laughing about this one!
250 million people play games on FB - more than all the game consoles combined
On the real..Nothing felt more comforting than saying "We're all gonna be okay" last night.
LOL cause they WANT me to be embarressed
good GOD - where were you running??
I think the Slytherin prom is taking place next door.
're the best, 're very very beautiful,please follow me in my twitter!!
Good Morning facebook from brianna on his page
Yes ;o Identical Twiins Much ?
Days like today; i wish my gym was open 24 hours. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Sleep 'til you're hungry, eat 'til you're sleepy.
Eating chinese food
When you do something and get caught but think damn that was fun!
#harrypotter marathon at 's (y)
warning, my kids didn't get their oh so essential afternoon naps, so tonight could be... interesting
Just took prom pictures with , Steven,
Just unloaded at Tipitinas! We go in at 8:30
Wow 2 you and your ass clown friends
Our store can help you out with a phone order! (414) 287-2770
Merry Christmas everyone! Food, rest and basketball today.
is he touring with anyone..?
thanks so much! we're glad you like it.
thanks Chris!
Dream match vs.
I'm so ready to get these gifts open!!!! Countdown begins.... More excited than my babies!!!!
Thinking of using a Virtual Assistant for your business or personal needs? We are taking your questions, ask away!
Julavits is fantastic.
Hump day just about over - wine oclock on my watch. I'm feeln a frisky Zin rockin my glass tonight. #Cheers Tweethearts
p.s. all of the tech being developed through that state dept. money can/will/should be used anywhere, not just in U.S. colonial targets
ha! i'll pass that along!
Or just "marriage." :)
Know what you should do? Change your 4square names to your twitter handle. You'll get a tweet every time someone checks in!
Have the best idea for a video teaser for our drink. Getting closer to our launch!
Come see the SquE-Z team in action in no place better than Las Vegas at the NiteClub&Bar show! Booth 1457
O M G this chick is a screamin raging Biznatch- that good I have twitter to vent.
every day someone reminds me how young I am. I didn't forget, I don't need to be reminded and it's not your business
all the fucking time :)
Igght thinkin bout stopin my usage on social network sites for a while.
Do you think Jimmy Neutron says “gotta blast!” right before he cums?
The quality of our life more than the quality of our words demonstrate the value we attach to our mothers love and nurturing . Jim Woods
Hey Whit! How have you been? :)
I saw this weekend. He focused on positiveness being the key to a happy life and a peaceful world. He had funny jokes too :)
What a wonderful day today, with my fabulous film consultant working on my documentary "Incurable Diseases" is it a Business? I'm grateful
Got it. :) And do you ever sleep? ;)
freaking out right now!!
Hang in there. This is probably just karma 4 when u caused Andrew Bogut 2 break his shoulder, arm, & elbow.
We cannot redistribute the wealth without unacceptable social upheaval but we can redistribute the opportunity.
You Smile I smile
my family lives in Atl and I used to freelance for Upscale Mag back in the day.
Going to hard rock in Florida
It would really be nice(;
grassy ass, I forget why I took that shit in the first place.
when the next time u hittin steamboats
haha, uh oh...for people with claustrophobia (i.e. ME), is it advisable? Need to get from Puntarenas to SF.
I'm no better than you today. In fact, I'm one of the most humble you'll meet. Stay kicking it with those that others ban: homeless & thugs.
RT sometimes there's only so much you can take before you *SNAP*, go nuts and just use a <table> tag. // Amen brother!
This is not uganada! I just let er rip n it vibrated Morgan's pussay! Man I love merica n spring break with
Huge sales and discounts @ www.allsportsshopping.com , UGG boots, Nikes, Acg Boots, skate Boards, All Sports Apparel after holiday sale !!
ladies night at the dog joint
I am recruiter with Third Screen Talent. I am currently looking for a RoR developer. Are you open to new gigs?
I used to Love Facebook. My addiction has simply faded due to Timeline, sad to say...
cheers!": tonight's Deli Dinner cocktails feature , Santome prosecco"
Intention. Attention. No Tension.
what movie?
Shower time! Then...let's get this Sunday crackin'!
Wow, talk about AWESOME! Enjoyed this chat tremendously and will be taking away so much great advice. Thanks all!
.: Do you think John would have been on ? What do you think he would've tweeted about? HappyMomsDay.
Going through with things I say YOLO to just get me in trouble <U+E412>
Just started "creating innovators" by tony wagner and it's very good so far.
RT if u wanna DATE I would date him just saying lmao
Anyone else catch the season opener for The River? it was quite spooky! I'll watch it, not quite lost but something fun.
I'm in such a great mood <3
great meeting you too!
Thx for the reply. Keep the music flowin, young lady! See you next time you're in Phoenix.
Blues score and make the conversion to go down by 2. 14-16
Red Onion in downtown #gso is awesome and cheap!
So fucking annoying.
does your phone work anymore? text me if you aren't passing out soon.
You've never seen Tin Cup with Kevin Costner? It's a golf movie
It's true. Just the other day I saw math peddling dope to some kids in my neighborhood.
I'm in - as long as its not peanut butter m&m's.
Thanks for the mention.
Nice grab.
Checking into
of course I agree with the premise. it kills me when people talk about diets. diets are only a tint fraction of it...still
and serving our country in the military and a mom too and real talented
you! #ShenYun is based in New York with overseas artists, we enjoy the freedom to restore Chinese traditional culture.
#Soyuz #TMA04M now traveling 13K+ MPH
what up mama?
The Billy Crystal-Sammy Davis always kills me
gearing up for
gotta be happy for cities like that though. Smaller franchises need love too! (We should know haha)
We're looking for the baddest 2 feature in our anniversary summer edition for print & our Digital
Nothin much man, I recorded my 1st mixtape there. Saw you were on tonight peep the web site we should network man
“: CLASSY!” maybe there are different definitions of classy.......... :)
I see you're editing Getting There 2, awesome. Are there any deadlines for the CFP?
Happiness starts within
RETWEET! Things we need: Extension cords, 1,000 watt generators! (DESPERATELY!!!), long handled mops and regular dust mops, and canopies.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. - Epictetus
if i dont know u quit inviting me to these events#im not going .....
At ASI Show - Presentation by Randi Zuckerburg. She's funny.
no. i feel a massage might cure it though
helloo (: how have you been ?
I love it when people tell you how much they hate someone and then they put pictures of themselves hanging out with them online.
do you see your mentions?
#OscarTweet Such a great lineup this year at the #Oscars -- such a return to original writing, great acting and meaningful movies.
#100thingsilove #17 (cause I forgot it lol) my phone
If you guys want a great experience while visiting Hollywood check out the I'm sure you'll have a great time.
Glad we didn't stop to say hello ;)
Thanks so much and for your #follow and #ShineYourDivine with us!
haha Fo reals dude! We always find our ways..
What celebrities hair do u most admire?
Is this shitty defense a "pretend" defense strategically conceived ?
i'm walking with a limp... my leg hurt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Putting gas in my PJs
This team must work together and find a way to win.
that appears to be Full Moon. If you are in Birmingham, make sure to try Jim and Nicks BBQ. Their cheese biscuits are great!
Need a place for a party? Wanna learn some hott, sexy new dance moves? Check out Rhythma Studios we teach variety of dance styles&more!
Just poured myself an Avery Maharaja to start the big game with.
tickles the pickle
Gonna miss himm. :(
I want to thank everyone for all your love and support. We are moving ahead so close to having our EP done. Keep showing the love you...
My real friends are at dance.
it's school ill be in G boro next sat
Finally! You just became my only reason for keeping my Twiiter account around. Dont let me down! :-D
Getting ready to #spin it out! Great way to start Friday!
I am already getting anxiety over the entire family coming this weekend. This is going to be a logistical miracle people!
. asks a good question about the "long tail" of people in archival records, with little info and one or two connections
C'Mon Son! BAM you noticed me?? (:
i think you should help her..shes going to expload. :)
What's Brown and Sticky? a Stick.
At HTC mall!!!
haha! I'll tell him to look you up when he gets back to the west coast
Vote for Team Grayson, I have know her since she was 15. Lets help her win.
saw it it was hilarious
I've been thinking about you and Doc. Hope all's well.
Saliendo del gym. Working out!!!
I'll come over ;D
U should just b happy I seen it at all! RT : 8 years later -.- RT : Aw I know I'm late but I love you!
I would love to find a cool story about Occupy Wall St. versus the Tea Party. Especially if it had a Romeo and Juliet thing.
Triple double for Bynum
thanks for the RT!
All The Worlds a Stage.
god that's really gay
Night all. God bless!! Time for some z z before church in the morning!!
#TallWomenAppreciationDay Tall enough I can sit down&my face is already at her pussy? That would definitely be something to appreciate
it has tube after my mom gets home because I'm baby sitting.
Emily gillot is like having a heart attack cuz the pens r tied ..... She cryed when they interviewed geno
she loves flowers but we have so many we've had to move them outside! I'll look into a gift basket. Thanks!
only meant to do it by .01. What a wasted .05
But most of all thanks to all who travelled to Nashville and cheered on the #CBJ win. Awesome trip!
pretty sure that's what all the zombies say...then they get shot...haha sucker
Chocolate peanutbutter cheesecake is on at Lottie's. M-M
i think i need a new hobby...any suggestions?
r u getting jealous
Jajaja why was I thinking the same thing?!?!? RT : thank you based Javi
We are looking for an experienced Non Profit development professional to speculate with us. We just got our first grant. Great Opportunity
Did you know Ulysses Grant's favorite breakfast was cucumbers soaked in vinegar?
Long day calls for a glass of Malbec & a great view to bask & be mellow. RT It's Monday! What's in your glass?
just keep thinking the "bag over his head" conversation we had. It'll make you laugh and calm you down. ;)
it is I hate that they cancelled it for the Cleveland show.. unfunny..
The Metrowest Colonials congratulate John Bergdorf and Danielle Desrochers on their engagement! Way to go guys!!!
That awkward moment when you tell you friend to send you a friend request on Facebook and they tell you " I don't have one..."
Yeah, I loved the books, but was mixed on the movie. Definitely wasn't feeling the casting.
my sentiments exactly RT “: Ooh, good, Chris Brown is on. I'm gonna go eat dinner. #Grammys #fuckthatguy”
Yikes! Tornadoes, thundersnow....crazy day for weather. Stay safe out there everyone!
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A> RT : Thank you world for being so kind to me so far. Wow.
talks about how he is working with nonprofits to fund, run programs. Bottom line
Studio with and
Yes, brand cream cheese and sour cream make yummy non-dairy (parve) faux cheese cakes.
. Sum big ass granny draws. Ha hs
Ugh my left leg fell asleep and I can bearly walk, I guess I have to crawl back to my room -.-
I wonder what April Fools day joke most of twitter will fall for...
Absolutely loving my TLC playlist today. How could I have forgotten about you?! Ladies with swag, definitely.
Calm down. I'm studying for the beer sommelier ("cicerone") exam. ;) And I ordered the books for Kindle.
eating a delicious NY bagel, they don't get better than this
Lunch today at Panera Bread.......ordered a turkey-pecan-apple salad!
"He is patient with you. Not wanting anyone to perish, but everyone to come to repentance." (2 Peter 3:9)
What I'm doing this summer: ME.
Is the University Library really a good place to study? I doubt it.
can you please DM us your name and phone? Our ticket manager will contact you ASAP. Thanks!
We raised over $20,000 for our autism aquatic programs at Splash for Cash yesterday! Thank you for such amazing support!
I wish I would've known about super moon so I could've got some pics of it
Park Chanyeol is my ultimate bias so. Yeah. He's basically perfect. And his CreepYeol face is really attractive. Fuck. <3<3
Third time in a week devon. I love this place, and esp the outdoor patio.
Eekk haven't tweeted in a couple days.... Weird.
RT : Ima miss the shit outta Real talk... You and me both
Can I spray 100 sprays of Binaca Peppermint in my mouth and then tongue fuck you? MINTY OUCHY OOH
ha yep there is that too. I am suprised he went on the air after all that.
lol no not a real job we are saying go somewhere when we say get a job
And just like that, no more betting for this guy!!!
Thanks you too josh!
Ok. Girls night short lived. Best of intentions, but everyone too tired to execute plan. And J is still in town. *poo* Had we known . . .
AP .. which is exactly who Richardson is being compared to.
My dad's so nice when he's in a good mood.
yes! (fist pump)
If Obama talks housing, will cameras recognize Secretary Donovan?
Digital dissertation session unsurprisingly moving into discussion direction of the academy over the next ~20 years.
Jury is set to watch police video interrogation of
The Angels should put a guy in short right, wrap him in some kind of sunglasses material, and leave him there
Patriots vs. Giants in Super Bowl XLVI. Who do you favor? Do you care?
I just poured a glass of chocolate milk, then realized I didn't want it at all.
Thanks! Something for a future sleepless night. :)
You're right, I don't want this to go to a battle of wits because clearly you'd be fighting unarmed.
winner! RT : Mae Cockrell, Washington Monument. Suicide down elevator shaft.
follow me it'll make my day ^.^
Best friends are people who make your problems their problems, just so you don't have to go through them alone.
hey! i luv u!
Looking fwd to the opening of our new patio here at The Place. Nothing beats having drinks outside in the summer. Stoli Dolis all around!!!
of course the spurs are up 3-0
hello how r u
Every light skin person aint mixed and every dark skin person isnt from Africa
Congrats to & rest of #Lehigh nation
got my kids with me for the day!
they knew how to share a piece of wood
my birfffdaay is next month. hell yeahh :)
yes I agree. Nothing much, I've been interning at this actors networking company and just focusing on college. You ?
i have a great xmas weekend wit my family and friends..partyin and i got some great gifts.love my family
just called "duder". not sure how i feel about that.
Welcome to twitter Bitchez
Used to hate on Jonah Hill a lot, just didn't give his obese face a shot, I must admit he's fucking hilarious, converted.
Just name the time and place, and we'd love to show you around!
Ok time to clean this FCKEN room.
Toros up 94-88 end of 3rd quarter. Let's do it!!!
I dance in the bathroom to End of the World - while I brush my teeth
RT : Colleges need to pay more attention to international students' needs- don't mistake silence for satisfaction.
I miss ya my Sykbro!!! Hugs!!! Much<3
been naked all day, in nothin but a t-shirt
I love twitter too much to ever stay off it <3
“: Xavier fans remember to check out for live tweets.”. (for Mrs. Sara!)
systems thinking + design thinking
What if I don't go to warped?
cool times talking bout 90's jiggy life wit today....and Roger Klotz has a
Shrimp pasta, without question.
Should archivists know how to appraise for authenticity? I wouldn't begin to know how to tell if your old letter signed by Lincoln is real.
it is but either way it sucks
Motivation+drive+the will to stay alive(while bleeding)+being a nice guy+ heavenly beast = God's most athletic son!!!
I am disappointed..
yes we will have to!
PAY ATTENTION WORLD! Every TIME GEORGE W. BUSH flew abroad in those MILITARY FATIGUES I always feared another WAR was on the WAY. NLD MOM
will you be providing a list of March Madness parties this year?
New Costume Chic Wig
bulls look pathetic
Things start out as hopes and end up as habits.
LOL SHE SAID I SHOULD BE FRONTIER AIRLINES NEXT ANIMAL
I can't remember the last time it rained so many days in a single week.
Just got done playin ball w/ and now coolin down :D
In ya house in ya house uh, on the couch on the couch, name the time and the place and the function; Ill give it to you no interruption.
Hey when did you get back to Seattle? :)
These refs suck. #nofoulcallsforKansas? well now they do...finally.
Brand identity? Injury-free exercise for a better quality of life... -MindFirstFitness
Ok opposite side of state. :-)
oh lord, please change your default, hahaha.
Can't wait for football season this will be my fourth year playin for btw my third year as #13 though
"Direct quote from the Gates Foundation was 'we would not have chosen Memphis if we knew school systems were merging,'" said Keith Williams.
Check out the jam on our Facebook! Extractors 2.0! Write on our wall if you want more music
Happy Thanks Giving to all my Tweeps
Man I so needed this alone, relaxation, pamper me time. Feels great! :-)
Yay! Must buy!
The only sure way to beat an addiction....is by defeating one temptation at a time.
woot! thank you! :)
So my girlfriend lives with me.... she knows everything nd so do I... I love that
#What2ChainzWouldSay -- no lie
As a general principle, there needs to be fewer barriers for formerly incarcerated. Particularly economic ones...
Whenever I'm at the museum looking at dinosaurs and reading about their teeth I always look at some person and say "HEY your that dentist!"
I hope my parents are happy.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
thanks RT “: HAPPY BIRTHDAY BAMBAM!!!! Miss You :)”
I'm working on that vision thing... how do we move ahead, like, 4 generations of finding aids on the Web? From typewritten to linked data?
Love Hall&Oates!!! They sound so good on
Bitches will be bitches.
Did you not see the comma? I'm telling to lay off our girl Carrie. She's OK!
Are you a Yoga fan? We have One Year Membership Gift Certificate for Unlimited Online Yoga Classes $25 ($90 Value) www.yourluckydeals.com
Are You Mad At Me?
Oh, gosh. I had to go through that BS process. At the end, everything was linked to Flixter. So stupid.
Last chance to win $50 to Helmet City. Leave us a comment about our new site. The winners will be announced tonight.
Can I get a tweet please? It would mean SO MUCH!!!!
Darrell Issa should be looking into the corruption on the Supreme Court & stop wasting tax payers money on NON-ISSUES!
Thanks for the support! :)
visions of typing "sudo make me a computer"
Good Morning.... Happy Hump Day!
My phone is BLOWIN up! Damn!
Come check the Sinners and Saints movie premier June 30th 7:30PM at The Arclight in Hollywood!
Maybe I'm jealous, or maybe I'm just so depressed about always being alone.
Yikes, yep. I've lived in 7 places during the past 8 years, a few of them for only a few months. Time for us all to settle down.
thanks for the follow. always awesome to meet another actor who's a vegan! Congrats on your new show!
If elected, Demaio's first term would be unpaid in a way, since he's already spent the equivalent of 4 years' salary on his campaign.
Wish I had something to this weekend.
I'm bored -- someone send me a message or tweet w.e I'm so fucken bored shesh
RT : Did you create or react today? // I think about that all the time, and seek to keep my ratio in favor of creating!
when #oomf leaves ima cry like a baby. </3
Its only a matter of time before one of those deep fly balls ends up in the stands for the
HEY! Who wants to take us to ke$ha and lmfao tonight? You know you wanna.
Like free stuff? Eating at Tommy Bahama? Just say "BUNGALOW" to your waitperson before 4/13 - it's the password.
I just finished "Excuse Me, Your Life is Now" by Doreen Banaszak, about LOA. I really got a lot out of it.
woo thats amazing! Im from colorado lol :-)
I wonder if the phrase "holy shit" was coined by an apostle referring to one of Jesus' epic dumps.
Never heard of the PB choc shake being topped w/bacon. Good call! Must try
Howdy howdy :]
Sunday = Lazy Day :)
According to an education study conducted in 1978, it turns out that racist teachers are more likely to punish a student of another race.
do you guys have an opening band tonight?
I also recommend anything and everything by author Martha Beck. Harvard trained Hilarious. Seems like oxymoron, I know!
please please please follow me!! :D
(1) Thanks. (2) Meh. (3) If I wait long enough, you sneak in and do it. (4) Get back to work.
Different day. same hustle
Love my aunt! Emailed her to ask if she had any favorite shopping areas in Paris & she replied: "Is the Pope Catholic?"
have to stop from opening up a pit for one of our student aides, she doesn't mean it! I swear!
Thunderbird nation training and more. Where is ???
Congrats you two lovebirds!
AccelerEyes is hiring! Developer and sales positions available. Email with resume. Fun startup, hot software tech.
They should have designed it on a rolling cylinder so that you could extend it endlessly. Put that redesign on their ToDo list. thx
me either. Root canal time.
Join us right now 6-8 for a dog adoption fundraiser! They are generously donating 10%! Drink for the dogs!
SOME tattoos
thank you! even if we do a reception in LA we could do it for less than $10k. no flowers, no $500 cake, no $2600 dress!
following back
Thanks for tweeting that and for the shout out!
your tweet is amazing <3
Are you guys up that way? I hear those wings calling my name. Lol.
or just tweet those fears, that works to ^_^
#gcyale agrees with : Influence locally, block globally.
direct message bo
Thanks so much for the follow, David!
Come hang with us at 6pm FPL Stage!!
Getting ready to submit my app All About Sounds to Apple - fingers crossed!
I just did an absolutely smashing impression of Brother Theodore in The Last Unicorn. I am a lady of hardcoredness.
Send email to
lol I found your school.
RT : FREE IPAD! Follow me here--and retweet this to your friends--for a chance to win an iPad in the next three weeks!
I'm interviewing one of the fellas from #Augustana in an hour. Have any insider info to share?
A wise student will master the formulas & apply the principles to produce the desired effect in reality according to vision
For a great online photo editor, check out Photoshop Express Editor from Adobe.
You're using the CRYEngine? Awesome!
You made my day today.
Reminds me of a great Pat & Ron moment in past...Pat: Some zaney fan has run onto the field..." Ron: COMPLETELY NUDE!"
don't be miserable!!! :( I'm always here for you if you need anyone to talk to!! <3 & I know something that won't make you
Haha he just left it in. Didn't think anything of it.
o lol, awesome. we r never online at the same time lol
I agree, I hope it gets worked out? Let me know how it goes.
you gotta get all snooty and send emails that have at the bottom "Sent from one my 4 iPads"
i only wrote 3 parts so far but they're in my favorites if you wanna read one !
#Republican #Vampire #Economics! Tax breaks for the rich and suck the blood from middle class, old and poor. Nonsense! Call them on it!!
Two new invites up for grabs. Send me links to your portfolio for consideration if you'd like an invite.
Can we make it about 2 years from now so I can be out of this house
This chicks really into playing with her hair she must be really horny. I'm gonna go over and give it a shot.
"Window into your government." Looking forward to the
I love that poster. :-)
I'm having a Wordpress 911!!! Changn themes, site now down. WP is all updated. Need help!
What happened to people following back?!? Haha
I'm alone in my house :(
Peyton you will regret signing with Denver
Just let me hold you while you're falling apart.
What's your family's favorite holiday tradition? Share for a chance to win our winter DVD collection full of Entertainment That Educates! :)
jus now seeing new avi...always got women with big ol...everything!!
If you like sushi and you are white and under the age of 15 I hate your parents.
Are you watching the State of the Union!
Happy Birthday!!!!!
I remember when "Hello Nasty" came out. I was in high school, and I thought the album's cover was ridiculously cool.
I bought my first stock today. A large-cap growth-oriented mutual fund.
No problem, Thank YOU!
is saving the world! One patient at a time!
I think Texans have more fun than the rest of the world - Choreographer Tommy Tune
Good morning!
Thanx 4 nothing! u know who u are!
Follow Jimmyjohns? Impossible, jimmyjohns is way too crazy fast for me to follow.
the Josh u mentioned is the wrong Josh Hamilton.Hes not on twitter.Supposedly this josh is a black ninja lol
lol lets hear it
#iplspring criticisms of aesthetic functionality: 1 distinguishing b/w "fashionable" vs. "pleasing"
You rock w/the lakers!? no bueno...
Word seems to be traveling quickly that the King of Pop, Michael Jackson, is dead! I can't believe it. :(
Why am I nervous? I feel ridiculous right now.
Had a nice swim with the bro! 3 hours of swimming I'm in need of a shower!!
What you doing tonight?
<3 just gonna leave this here 'cause I think you're awesome and inspiring; lovelovelove.
He got rocked there at the end.
We go on in 30! Get down here ASAP if you are in the area!
: "View from the $5 seats at National Park. MLB's best view." Whoa! I'll argue that the #buccos have a better view, Richie.
call me!!
Be sure to check out free show tomorrow North Castle Public Library at 3pm! Don't miss it!!
Honestly, i could not tell :( RT : I'm obviously hungry. If YOU can't tell lol
Due to spring break next week, our CTC general meeting will be held on April 12, 7pm in the Clairemont HS cafeteria.
I just heard call polka music "mexican music". I'm about to drop kick her out of the house for making fun of our heritage.
I am not sure what tweet you were sent? Can you send it to me?
Follow me plz :) K~
cotto is makin him fun for his money!!
"Lloyd Dobler reminds you to look out for broken glass" a PSA from the Cameron Crowe foundation.
Haven't made my Chicken Lime Chili in almost 2 years. Missing ingredient I've spent days trying to remember? Chili beans.
That grunting noise on temple run when your character jumps...
Say, Jon, he dropped the drill from the top of a ladder just like you used to demo!
completely agree
...but there is a miraculous feeling of the #words being there,written in invisible ink & clamoring to become visible-V Nabokov
•...is convertible into real estate, land, food or cars at any time.
Skol Vikings! MN Senate approves new stadium bill 36-30. It now heads to Gov. Dayton's desk. Coverage beginning on KSTP-TV at 5pm.
Because we can't ALL be Jessicas.
One Time For The Last King Getting That Oversea Paper!!!!
Eventful here at WXSW too: Join Lumpy and me for a panel on "(Re)Using the Nap." RT Really excited to be at EXSE.
yes only one more day then i have 12:30 dismissal from Wednesday-Friday!
all you can say is you'll go down on me<---
Back pain could take weeks to appear. After my plane crash it was a month before my back went out. See a doctor if it hurts.
If you cannot take care of your pets and don't have the financial means then don't take it on.
Us too !! > RT : are you coming to ??? Im djaying its gonna get so weird. Just like you like it.
so fn jealous! All the way down here in Brazil! Ain't heard the show in a week! That's y my days been #F up!
#ThingsThatPissGirlOff...other females
Unlike I like to hug, then never let go.
Parents: Use summer vacation to your child's advantage. Provide language-rich authentic experiences for them!
what is your facebook
I have a few ppl in mind you that quote lmao
glad to have our biggest fan following us!
Hey Darin can you DM me your contact? need records for a new artist we just signed, thx
we may need more teams for next week. Games are every Tues...ill keep u posted
homecoming this week at my school. I'm going as a sister wife.
save me some
Well have nobody to text bc they don't text back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> so goodnight
love the name Fay :) thanks for the addition and follow.
“: What’s your favorite scrambled egg-add in?” fried onions and chopped tomatoes
While I'm no fan of Roethlisberger, he sure is a sniper.
Sometimes I feel like nobody loves America quite as much as I do... it makes me SO sad. Obama: why do you hate us?
Glad you got in touch!
I need someone to talk too..
Don't miss the Holiday Jazz Concert this Sunday, Dec. 11, at 4:00 PM at the Steinway Piano Gallery. Call 775-829-0600 for more info.
nice! I don't have work till Saturday
When i girl just come out and say im not easy they are
RT : How's everybody doing for cinco de mayo? Y'all drunk yet? Lol<=mexican beer and french vodka... yeah, id say so!
watching Victorious
hope I don't have to wait until Dec for new music from you
hiphop chicken for dinner! :)
Smitty! We definitely need to catch up and collaborate. There's lots of exciting things that I'd love to have you on board for
Fatal crash closes Paseo del Volcan near Double Eagle Airport in both directions. More on www.krqe.com.
is miffed she didn't get a lolipop for getting shots.
Got 2 say i am BLESSED to have the 2 cohosts i have & and a supportive station manager
gary sheffield!
how awesome; I shall make red carpet arrangements :) keep me posted.
Appreciate your kind words... thanks!
Damn Nina Dobrev from the vampier diaries. Is F**king HOT ;o)
Duncan Maxwell Anderson~ Remember It is times harder to command the ear than to catch the eye.
Visit Carmel's Holiday Tree Lighting at Civic Square. Santa, live animals, Nutcracker preview, 20 Vendors from CFM. Good things to eat.
Nice! That's badass
RT : 5.10.1863: Stonewall Jackson dies 8 days after he is accidentally shot by his own troops at Chancellorsville
That was pass interference
I want dreads. The black hair convinced me.
Day 4 wrapping up at #SXSW. Will tweet from trade show floor tomorrow, as well as "I 'like' you but I'm not in 'like' w you" metrics session
6 days before the Xmas Forum Events end!
i miss my 2 sister.
- Bmore got the good $10 hand wash. Can't beat it.
How much do you remember from elementary school? We're testing everyone this week with crossword puzzles. Can you figure out today's...
Standing outside with the rest of the #SMTulsa attendees due to a fire alarm
do that , I dont wanna have to come to Georgia and hurt a nigga for hurting you lol
OK, I srsly got to get some work done now. this sad old website content isn't going to move itself.
Q: Is South Africa now the GO TO place for Advertising Design talent ? My marketing folks said "Yeah, didn't you know?" Opinions?
After Monday and Tuesday, even the week says
That said. I should know better than to have wine before my flight. I am going to have the mother of all headaches.
do it better this time, do it right don't do what others do , just because. do what is right for you , and what will work for you "3...
Don't care<U+270C>
the way pitbull talks is so funny.
"hella dank" is a tautology. But I might've said "fuckin' dank" which is also a tautology.
Thank you!!!
I'm drunk fool
Hope everyone's been having a great week so far.
2 tests tomoro and haven't studied much.. We'll see how confused I get during the tests tomoro lol
Oh yeah, that was me that dropped a quarter into a poor homeless dude's coffee last night. How presumptuous.
So much reading to do ....
that's cool me too prob idk my weekends r kinda spontaneous
I hate thieves!
Today we march #TrayvonMartin in downtown la and for
Happy Mother's Day to ALL women, because EVERY woman is SPECIAL and has made an impact on others in some way in her beautiful life...
also France, which just went Socialist
A Marketing Secret 98% Never Consider...
lol....dam. you got me
Welcome to Twitter you display such dignity & grace! Congratulations on all of your successes on & off the field
#Webwise We haven't quite figured out to overlay information without interfering with experience. But there's encouraging progress.
yes with gym class heroes and the roots i believe... haha good luck with that! we can't even get igz in the office
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages. ~Friedrich Nietzsche
i wish I could go!
We live in a culture that overvalues fifteen minutes of fame and undervalues lifelong faithfulness.
your team needs you take some morphine put on a girdle and get out there
OPEN!! YES! Pls stop by! RT , is your new restaurant Forque open to the public yet? We can't wait to go!
I know fml ... and I tried to appeal it and got denied <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> but I parked in a fire zone.
i need a roofer for a flat rock roof in moreno valley
I'm a photographer for my school news paper, which means VIP and Press Passes for local concerts over the summer!
Okapis Soccer team wins!! 5 to 3
i can make your bed rock
MOMS Sale March 12 - What is the least expensive thing you found at a MOMS Sale.
Tweeps show us some Facebook love too, like us & check out all of our celebrity event photo albums!
Ryan's last wish. Thoughts and prayers for Ryan.
we'll have thisConference in some bar
Sometimes i am amazed you have seen a woman naked. Wait, i shouldnt talk.
love ya too child! Where were you today???
#ePrdctn That's what I thought. I can't tell if people are assuming iPad, Kindle, or even just our website. Thanks!
Thanks babe, how have you been.....
Thanks so much for the follow... I'm inspired by Saatchi Gallery!!!
OH HAY
i just turned 14. :)
LA, CA
We can definitely take down Ghana!
Just got back from dinner with the fam.! In a fabulous mood - 28 followers! Wow! I love you all! :) <3
Just got the last of Moylans IPA in my flight of 6
thank you! Thanks for the support and giving us (mwa) a way to connect. What a wonderful idea.
tweet number 500! #tweettweet #rip Hannah Davenport. <3 i didnt know you but i hear you were a sweet girl. your life ended far too soon </3
Conversations occur when people are kind. I doubt Walker supporters are going out of their way to be nice.
Happy Friday everyone!
I am in love with the sun :)
CMS #innovation employs both a "narrow funnel" and "wide funnel" model to identify and support good ideas.
Scented bath bombs - like an explosion of goodness in your bath tub! /nnJEg
Have you helped a librarian through HAL? What did you do?
Cooler than me (:
I just wanna stay in bed all day. :( Blah.
Mark Schwarz and Espn. You better be right about Bernie fine. JB will be firing equally hard shots at you on every radio show in the morn
Working in Las Vegas for so long and even amidst scandal, I was surprised to see news that Senator John Ensign resigned today.
2 free tickets are about to be given away check your DMs!
Don't forget Arizona...
Goals start as dreams and then become Real when start them.
Help please. LGBT Worldwide Civil Rights March April 21, 2012. Marriage Equality USA and GetEqual are on board.
nice to see the new template
I have no faith in enterprise car rental. At this point I will use any other service. Even if price is higher. will be worth it in the end.
When I signed up for a 5K with a 2am start, it sounded exciting. Now, it feels like the worst idea ever.
As #NUTS ends, you can drink for the next hour before #TTOT starts with... 'Drinks'.
The actions of Chase losing $2 billion reminds us that bankers are the reason why we have laws against first-cousins getting married.
We hope you have a fun (and safe) New Year's celebration this weekend!
Roufusport Academy has a new special program for our members with discounted Private Lessons for only $25 an hour. 414-453-5425 to start.
It started with a kiss , how could it end up like this
Goodmorin legion.. Start the mornin off right. Stay fresh to death all day long. Stop by for some knits!
That bottle reeks of regret
i dont get how the laser makes the noise v #confused at the moment
oh yeah? Where are you going? We might be going to bripp later!
and relive the embarrassment that is Carmelo anthony
#YouCuteAndAllBut you flirt with too many people.
I see u got smart :)
2 am and she calls me cuz I'm still awake....
Was it badass? RT : Guess who just got hit with electricity? Yep me.
Heading to the Lt Gov Summit on Financial Education at Hotel ABQ 2morrow morn w/ speakers including Attorney Gen. Gary King!
I legit almost went super sayian in chemistry class
I love the smell of your Lean Cuisine right now :)
This. ": - It's the enormous 80-acre "N" in the middle of the court that's bothering me."
Chilling with and her parents in Lincoln city. Their so hilarious!
I WANT A NIKE FUELBAND! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Rump Shaker by Wrecks-N-Effect
text I got this AM: "Woke up in the backseat of a car somewhere in Walkers Point using Ms Greta's tittie as a pilla! Christ!" #openingday+1
Amazing the lakers lost by 30 but Chuck still found time to shade OKC! what did I say?
The state of Florida is bigger than England
My new sunday morning ritual beatles art and peace
Can't believe this
Slide to Unlock is addicting <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I kid about Traverse City. I grew up in SW Mich. Thus we joke about anything above the first knuckle.
Have any legal questions you need answered #ROC? We answer them (for free) Sundays@ 8am on Tweet, call-in, write on our FB wall.
Jay Sean Derulo
NBA playoffs are going to CRAZY
Fred you know I'm up- on the way to SXSW. Cadillacs on 22's
Check out NARA's Citizen Archivist Dashboard - http;//www.archives.com/citizen-archivist jones
So glad to hear good news for Eric McClure. Awake and alert. Still in the hospital under observation. Could have been so much worse.
Benefit of closing the store last night yet getting DT on time: early out for #HappyHour!!
im live
Feeling bad about not submitting a poster to #SFAA2012, but just can't muster the $ this year. :| Gotta save those pennies for other things.
same xD im still gone andd umm remebr the one where it was like kick and shout or something?
this morning in gym there was a commerical about stomping out bullying!<3 #everyonesbeautiful :)
Oh David Gregory...asking Martin O'Malley if Bob McDonnell would make a good VP
Late night peach cobbler with vanilla ice cream is awesome!!!
Not feeling well :s flu's getting worst ! D:
Too many good people single and a lot cheaters are taken.
Len Kasper subtly crushing sac bunting, love it - BB
coffee coffee coffee. I don't want to go to work today. Boo.
lol. everyone thinks the state north of them is not southern. I know what side we fought on damnit.
Ping launch adjustable length Nome belly putter Ping have unveiled their new Nome putter in an innovative adjustable length belly version
Hard to do at times. Good for you!
We do this shit. I thought I told you hoe. Check out the Welcome to Heartbreak Remix coming soon. Ayooo Wuddup witta collab?
burning a little an-hour-before-midnight oil...
Do you think it's harder for women to lose weight than men?
Another great episode of #community and now LIVE #30Rock - Highlight of my week.
Finn trying to drive his four-wheeler with his eyes closed>>
We'll see how it carries into the reviews and coverage. Game launched unplayable. Will still get superfluous praise
Call in now to chat with the Angels of Conversation on the Pretty Girl Rock Show 0n >>>646-595-2679 press 1 to go live!
Funny, we never talk work. Maybe we should do that. :-)
So the powers out at Golden Corral...
I have practice today tomorrow and I had it yesterday packing on Thursday leaving on Friday 7 games saturday and Sunday school on Monday! :(
Despite minor injury, Gary Neal will play tonite.
that was for you but I didnt tweet right
Yea. Bogut's a good guy. hope he stays healthy on his new team.
Guys with glowsticks at the club = GAY
Way to go Lady Lobos!!
Ooh, I love Peter Pan!
Watch the series calls "an ingenious twist on the crime genre". This week is all that & more
also just to tell u I also play hockey
dang I hope everything is ok, did she fall on it?
Finally got our sizing chart up on the site for all of our scrubs! Come and check out the new styles and options!
We hope our site is a great reference. RT What's your favorite place/list/site to browse and find educators to follow on twitter?
Why does Black Friday always remind me of the Blood Orgy scene from that episode of South Park?
Harry Would u be interested by all your fans? Please say yes .
Watching my Fav show #Community on Friday night... as always...
Can either of you repost rockdmb's photo? I can't see it. :(
Whether in chains or in laurels, liberty knows nothing but victories.-Douglas MacArthur
If I hadn't already read in his chart that Ned lived with a dog in his previous home, I'd know it now. He eats other cats' puke. Ew.
Big day for South Florida basketball! It's the clinic 1pm. 50+ campers today! Excited to see and
family is from County Kerry
Yea Yup. N Producin
The #pennrelays are getting me excited for the Summer Olympics
SUZ from BR says Roast the Raves! Run all over 'em Chris!
#shitfangirlssay hi I'm awkward, can I touch your hair?
Making some progress with some sponsors, it was a good week!
didn't get a chance to see that one. I take it you liked it?
Yes, I finally had some time to immerse myself. Thx for the RT! Feast or famine!
Kobe looked at Mike Brown like "why you call timeout, i know what i am doing already"
Your nails grow faster in outer space
Giving myself the gift of listening to A Spiritual Journey again. Soul sorbet.
Best of 2011-becoming a Grandma & PJ20 Worst of 2011-Vikings season
Its a miracle I made it through the early years of MerDer!
I'll try it again! Thanks for all your help! :) I'm excited about Genkibowl!
I think you can rock the red polo
Not even one mention of Senator Vinehout, or the amazing energy at the gubernatorial forums and recall rallies. Nice work.
Aint been to sleep since tues night I swear!
SUPER SMASH BROTHERS COMPETITION!?!?! SSBB AND SSBM ARE ME & 's GAMES. LEGGO.
I'll call u love ok
School sucks can't wait for tonight! :)
I love Thursday evenings. Can't wait for #NBC shows tonight!
Parallel parked like a champ at the library AND the meter still had 30 minutes left!
Full-time baristas will never make good hand models.
LOU MARSON HAS A DOUBLE? QUICK, WHILE HIS VALUE HIS HIGH!
I feel so bad I forgot my dad bday well actually I Didnt forget. I just dnt keep up with d dates.... Ughh
I know where you sleep. (creepy stalker voice) lol ........right next to me and "stuart little".
I'm making Papa al Pomodoro (bread soup) tonight.... M... fall is coming soon!!
Diana Greene has created a one-woman performance based on recollections linked to fashion. See her life unfold, Feb. 9, 7 pm. Free.
I wonder if there is a style manual out there with rules about how many exclamation points are acceptable to use in work emails.
Yeah, you're right. I knew it all along and now I'm embarrassed.
I thought it was only congress who has the power to declare war on marriage.
Congrats to and for making it into today's newsletter.
Needs to go to the chiropractor or sumthinnnn~ I have the back of an old woman
66% of social media users who made a Blk Friday purchase did so as a direct result of #socialmedia interactions with fam on #fb or
Today in Science I had to separate iron, sand, salt and wood and then put them in "pure" individual sample piles.
74 hours from now I will be leaving my last final and headed straight to the liquor store to get myself a large bottle of moscato
you can take me to Brent's to thank me for Jeremy Lin pick up, I don't need your stinking website
Meeting is concluded we got a lot done and we are ready to take action
Now Following :) Follow Back?
going home, just got back from a family thing! You?(:
Totally agree with that. Whole discursive chunks, like proteins, shape reception (like signal transduction).
no I'm not lol
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials. ~ Confucius
On from the last retweet, proposes MFAs to be able to tap into #STEM funding
Sounds a good idea! RT : Happy Monday!! Do one thing today that is just outside your comfort zone :)
Had to go to the Genius Bar today. Was ultimately disappointed with their happy hour specials.
just heard you on there. Can't wait to see the film!
Giving tours and working the new tasting room at Great Lakes Distillery today. Drop in and say hi, or hit a tour - 4:30 & 6.
really? Why was it a waste?
Its official. #Race was awesome. #thankyoudavidmamet Way to go
I HATE waiting for a freaking ride
Great! Thanks Matthew
Website w/ zero traffic, online almost a year; plan to develop later. Take it down or leave in place? Google #SEO benefit, if any? Discuss.
OMG i'm so bored!
NY taxi. Walk out my door, zip right up 8th ave, there in 6-7 mins when traffic behaves.
I don't have plans to attend just yet as I have a busy wkd ahead, but I'll let ya know if I end up being able to make it
hahaha saw that this mornin. I has your Ray Bans
John Clark is my HERO.
So true!!
You are welcomed
When u cant choose.. pick both haha
Get it done.
Although if I were designing a test, I'd throw in an Easter Egg, too.
wht to do?
": Good morning tweeps..."morning
A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.
Thank You to everyone who came out & supported us at our 2nd Annual #Poker Tournament. We raised over $6,200 for the School!
We'll always have Good Friday & Rev. Steinbach's door slam. It's not Paris, but hey, it's also not a cliche. ;)
Do you actually know her? If so, would you mind talking to us? DM me or message me your email/phone?
Black is back 2011
How can we help your converting business grow? Training on your current equipment? Repairing existing equipment? Affordable new equipment?
Great Tumblr Tracey!
anyone else going to be at SXSW? You know you want to par-tay with Night Owl!
#nowwatching 'the 6th day' starring makes you think with the technology the way it is
Welcome to Twitter! You'll figure this thing out, I promise! Will look at your Amazon page.
Okay everyone, Geek Fight Kickstarter 2.0 goes live tomorrow!
Ha. Glad I have 50 new lezbos following me & 3 new gay guys.
Tonight is #fajitas and #fireworks. First Tala Vera then the Civic center. Happy New Year!!
#aboutme i used to play guitar in 9th grade
Who doesn't!
Trying to find a video of a Love Note from MEDleys A Cappella... apparently, you can commission the group to sing love songs.
the best part was when he was singing :p he just like jumped in my face and started singing :p
we hope your lunch was as great as your spot!
You're right. I like that a lot. Happy Friday to you.
“It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go.” – Jim Rohn
Good Night!
Be on the look out for #TheMissEducation coming soon!!!
Clutching my skull and praying migraine meds work quick. :'(
“I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is to try to please everyone.” ~ Bill Cosby
I won an Emmy for my 1994 BIORE Campaign.
not sure babes
bro you serious?! Of course we hoop! But we got graduation stuff going on. Tomorrow!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
odd that we put sweaters on the trees in July...
Cool profile pic!
I see you fammo!!!! Get it in!!! 2012 invasion...
We are so excited about our new office in #RVA!! Looking forward to good times with our suite mates #SassyShoeGallery & #RichmondBlack.com!
clearly very different electoral systems, US & AU. We crave desperately a behind the scenes bully who wins public popularity
Can't fuckin wait!
Lunchtime in Midtown: lots of young dudes in suits using their iPads to take pictures of their sushi.
#PracticalSecurityTactics Surfing the net or using email as domain admin is a really bad idea. Use normal user acct and runas.
Well I guess TT didn't get a RB unless something happens in the next 45 min were in trouble Packer Fans.
The Rock called this one back at Wrestlemania lol
Mo! thanks!
fun, nm studying for a test
Signing and numbering new Portlandia prints! Stoked! Will post images once released! Be on the lookout!
But everyone hated that Girls' Day performance, Unless everyone is in ill health I think it was probably just crap.
Getting ready for "What About Ebook Readers?"
"What ethnicity are you?" White. "I mean what is your background?" European-American. "What kind of European?" The kind that left.
Nice, well have fun!!!
Looks great! Now I need to adjust mine to include powerpoints :)
- #1 culprit is carbonated soda! Best to drink high pH water, and reduce intake of meat, dairy, processed grains, alcohol.
Why wouldn't he go pro? Surprising.
Pitching some of my songs for a movie.... Let's see what God does!
when you come, bring your science stuff.
#StupidTwitterReplies " can you follow me back? "
Feeling unwell and my hubby is out of town until tomorrow. Sad face.
Now I smell like a Reuben, & I kinda wanna make out with myself
you should become a sport analyst
Good call :) <3
Whoever.was able to get VIP is really lucky and i would die for that. My mom been tryin to get vip since the presale startin
It's Taco Tuesday, Dart Night and Pickle Night. Doesn't get any better than this.
Wow I feel dumb<<<<
Not so much, but we are not a typical family. Both have lots of day school behind us & 20+ post high school J ed btw parents
dear journ 355 class, you're welcome for convincing our prof about the collaborated group exam. cc:
Hope all the runners in Boston find a way to stay cool during the marathon!
Im looking for a uc student or alumni to join (part time) my startup (as a cofounder) , richard
#iamsotiredof Lindsay Lohan, the Cheetah Girls and #9millionbeliebers. There has to be more interesting things in the news.
I tend to agree with that. Its only a matter of time before Tigers start mashing to cover up pitching woes.
If everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane
<U+2640>Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes. It is not something physical<U+2640>
To stand on stage is to feel of if importance.
"Get Up" by Mayday Parade is the soundtrack to my life.
Good Morning 5LINX Daily Vitamin Call Playback: 559-726-1299 pin: 118279# You don't hv to be in #5LINX to listen in....BE INSPIRED
Crying from laughing so hard>>>
Hey laws: ease up on that barefoot driving. It's more enjoyable and accurate.
Colwell on professional sci masters: need for "T-shaped" person w/ expertise in science, communication, HR, finance
Thank you for the RTs pretty lady. Purrs.
#DEAD RT : Yolo's dead man that shit only lived once
You should follow !
its gonna be kinda gross to sleep on my crusty face...
Yeah Son! That's what's up!
PR Tip of the Day: Availability is key. Reporters will go back to the same sources over and over again as long as they deliver.
I call old hot bitches 'triscuits'
lol I'm not sure what the magic words are but follow me?
Osteopathic Medical library. No Hospital attached.
lmao, guys n their fetish's x3
#10ThingsYouCouldDoForMe stop looking at me like I ran over your cat....
never seen so many BMW's in my life. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I can't stop sneezing lol
i dont be on facebook so we gone have 2 talk on here now tell all your followers too follow #ME i follow bak asap
Don't be afraid to ask for help.. we could all use a little help now and then!
Have to get breakfast tacos for the office tomorrow. Where in DT austin should I go?
#ATN Energizer Bunny arrested !!!, charged with battery.haha
"I carried a watermelon." love it, as always.
Where is all the snow? Not a fan of this rain at all...looking forward to the sunshine in Brazil very soon!
Hard at work- and about to enjoy a coconut milk yogurt with fresh raspberries. That's the way to start the morning!
Thanks. Googling the repair procedure is giving me the willies.
woo thanks for the love!!!
Ha. I was babbling so much I stopped mid-question and said, "You guys just talk."
That's how I feel. I'm so in love with the little Forte I picked out and it gets AMAZING gas mileage.
Alright #BullsFam we still #bullieve !!!! I'm hearing reports that Mike James will see some minutes tonight!
but scary?
seat number?
#FF some of our #SanDiego pals
Omg they're so much alike!!!!
Doing a Photoshoot an we having fun over here.
OH THIS IS GOLD I LOVE IT.. YOU DID GREAT MY DUDE!
So I'm going to the Greek Festival tonight. My life is better than yours.
if you were macbook #thatwouldnthappen:)
Very cool, but how did my name come up. I haven't posted any videos for , I don't think.
Just placed my order for pastries @ choc pink for next Thursday!!! Who Hooo yummy!!!
follow my new twitter =]
7 Days Without Prayer Makes 1 Weak! PLEASE RT :)
Just a helpful hint...do not click DM links saying things like "I heard a rumor about you" "someone saying terrible things"
Who else is watching the SAG Awards tonight? Keep us updated on who you think wore it best!
Yeah, I figured it out, haha. I want Kahlia gone, jfc. This bitch needs to leave.
hey how are ya? Just Wondering because i never sent u a tweet.
Starfish have no brains.
I like to think there's an inspired little Asian typist behind every fortune cookie, who's held captive and is sending me coded messages.
Best Facebook + Instagram tweet I've seen today “: RT : Instagram is now in a relationship and it's complicated.”
I don't want to not make plans with you. I want to make plans with you. <3
I know, we definitely should!
I'm like someone Skype me or something
great blog today. Don't downplay yourself. Excellent insight today about sad state of affairs. Look forward to your blog daily.
I don't know what's wrong with the teams mindframe
Ruby on Rails devs and friends: I've got a simple XML reader project with some UI work that pays, DM or FB me if interested.
Happy Birthday Bianca xo Maureen and Chewy that's me in the pic
I'm GoGo dancing in the Castro tonight. Can I still call it GoGo dancing if I'm just a really drunk guy in his underwear asking for money?
My young son asked me what happens after we die
that always happens to me, lmao
He just bet not let me find nothing or thats his ass
are we leading parallel lives? MN to MO to IN?
... the screen on my iPhone just cracked. I guess I should probably get a case for it.
follow me back please? I love your Keek Videos!<3
<3 you! Thanks for the
Listening to & describe the 4th twilight book is making me a little uncomfortable. Scratch that. Rly uncomfortable
HUGE crush on Fallon.
GAME OF THROOOOOONESSSSS
is at Capital Skatepark now! Get up here as soon as you can!
"she coulda been a model" was hilarious
Agreed. Looking forward to it :-)
If you want something you've never had, you must be willing to do something you've never done...
I hate to quote a meatloaf song but "Two out of Three Ain't Bad"
Only God can judge me
There are a number of people here at Valley View who just might be future Repo Games contestants.
Just donated $50 to for today's excellent Chen Guangcheng report on Thank god for public radio.
Sarah lost her car today
oh yey im glad to hear youre doing well! lets get a drink in the city or something after work or meet up one weekend and party!!
HI GUYS
I love having a fresh sketchbook to work in.
Twitter , why you make the Best TT ( 8 Mile) when I'm not here??
Not mauve and orange! Combined with jorts....
Pinnacle Airlines furloughing 450 pilots
What type of talent producer are you? Acting? Sports?
Thanks for the tip!
Losers quit when they're tired, winners quit when they've won.
you're beautiful. I will help you wallpaper every room of the house with this issue to send subtle hints to J.
is a
great day so far! and its national clevage day AND its Eric Claptons birthday! happy birthday bud!
Sorry i havent tweeted much today. I have been in this horrible depressing mood and I don't want to ruin yalls days.
#BeTog2012 I wish live zone would continue till Thursday. That's the whole point of me staying an extra day longer to work with experts! :(
You'll have to stay tuned! =)
Your running tweets are inspiring. Btw, I'll have you know that I ran my first 10K on Sunday. Am I a real runner yet?
unfortunately truer words cannot be said
:) Sorry if that sounds strange. We'll have more photos & videos up on our site soon that will make it more clear.
Price of adavair raised from 300 to 355. after copay later I'm out 115. And I have good insurance. Christ
I came out of the womb clutching an Odyssey 2000, have been a lifelong gamer, and seriously can't decode FSLC's video game press release
I did, but thank you!
I was deep into the books lmao
Dave Rolland: Journalistic objectivity is a myth
#Dodgers hold them in the top of the 10th. Due up, Kemp,Ethier & M Ellis.
YAY! Slutty gossip is way overdue!
#NowPlaying "Down With Me" -
congrats grad!!!:)
must be wearing kentucky the rage cape tomorrow, no questions
Think about a legendary manager in your company <U+FFFD> you may be one, O revered one, or you may know one.
We need two more followers <333 please give us shoutouts <3
You dont want to drink after him. He eat butt.
The Actors: 'Madagascar 3' goes on a European road trip - Los Angeles Times
"worst atl uncle of the year"award goes to..drum roll pls !(Crowd goes bananas).
add me on weibo! chinese microblogging
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY GIRL
lol..not diving this time, just snorkeling and paddle boarding with the fish and turtles this time.
Sponsorist's "Become A Sponsorist" video won an Interactive Media Addy award! More details coming soon...
you know who controls YOUR life? read the first word again. Don't let anyone else take control and make you do something yout not happy with
omg i really can't begin to explain. Ridic
Great podcast ! Well worth the $. Can't wait for the history of Billy Clyde.
Book clubbing!
i want to service you with my hip-hop recording artist precise dj pack for his single "it's on me"
Yeah, bad timing. I'll look forward to following your tweets. Keep me in mind if you meet any
Does Las Vegas inspire you? How? #Vegas #Las Vegas
I want someone new to talk to
The Notebook..? Watch out everyone we have got a straight up thug up in here...!:)
PPSS is open until 8 pm tonight! See you soon!
“: nigga you don't know what I'm doing... You got Saturday school?” no I'm home bored
Today is gonna be insane!!! Had my early morning workout!!!! Feeling great, now time to help my home girl book a band.
We clear, blu-ray
President Tilghman: Serious efforts underway by faculty, staff, and students to make Princeton a greener campus.
Some folks never appreciate the good that's being offered!!
Tired.. Maybe I should go to bed?? Well it's only 6:30 so it's a little too early but I think I'll take a quick nap(:
Can't wait to get my hair done tomorrow!
I know xD
Oh ok cool. Do you know who all is going to be there and signing autographs?
Um Yes u did.... What do u need? And how r u doin on this beautiful friday?
RT : Airship Norge crew dropped Norwegian, American & Italian flags over the N. Pole.
S/o to for having green eyes. I like green eyes
Let's sizzle the airwaves tomorrow on your show, Steve. Looking forward to meeting you.
any stats on how many times Burke has taken the last shot of the 1st half this season when we have the oppty?
you look really amazing Michelle
Squeezing in a last minute #2011 workout
Keep on keeping on.
I'm going to the Chicago concert June 2nd, wanna cuddle?
I wish you could've seen my face when I read that...making no sense
Better get it together, we don't want the #DirtyBirds hanging around in the second half.
Rain or Shine, the Crawfish Fest is ON! It doesn't rain at the Road! (but if it does, we got tents!) :) see you Sun!
Wasn't pretty this week, but YOUR Big Ten Pub A's fend off Harmony Bar comeback bid for a 16-13 win. A's move to 3-0 in Bay League action.
I could be studying....eh
the way he says "aw yeah" omg i can't :$
Speaking of "Pelotero" at #CIFF my colleague Paul Hoynes is tweeting everything #indians from spring training. Get your #tribe on.
Hey big head you okay
At my internship drafting questions for LibAnswers.
You cross my mind when I'm sleeping, I dream of you when I wake up
PALABRA MT When you get pregnant you can do what u want w/ur body, when I get pregnant. I do what I want w/my body
please do!
You visiting Philly??? We need you filling that middle! Let's go!
I am awaiting the Browns first round draft choice with anxiety and excitment.
get a microphone with wings on it!! Like its flying!!!
Very true : If you want to cry, use a tissue... Not your Facebook status.
We extend warm—and dry—wishes to everyone on the east coast! Be safe!
John Oliver re #Blagojevich conviction: We have to get the children of Illinois before they get lured into the murky world of elected office
Tweeting in the shower :D Naked ;) Hahahahahahahahahah
I'm Jessica. :)
She gotta explore the unknown
I'm looking forward to it!!!
17 weeks today. Find out wat im having very soon. Pretty anxious
more like uppercuts lol
"She can read it, she's a special ed teacher."
My pleasure - keep up the good work!
march into a station and demand to get frisked.
Hahaha holy crap, is that argument a real thing?
Miguel Batista, admittedly not great overall, is still in a big leagues for a reason. Having a very good night.
Good plan! He's the best.
Summer=music blasting inside car<3
I am not related to Usher Raymond. All that we have in common is our mutual respect for each other as professionals and amazing dancers.
eww that sucks!
#oo #ows SO proud of my Town. Our Bay Area vibe: meditation groups @ Occupy Oakland. Flip side of new age flavor: attacking Whole Foods??
RT Just reported a hazard on State Rte 16 E, Granville South, using Waze - Drive Social
Discount Poker Sets! www.eproducts4less.biz
did you see and Bill on the Today show?
I can't believe this dude packed PB&J sandwiches for this road trip. At least they're with strawberry preserves...
And shutters a factory too. ha ha RT : Campaign plays "On Wisconsin" on the way out...
I think just a headache lol
#DailyQuote: "The trouble with a kitten is that eventually it becomes a cat" - Ogden Nash
yeah, it's weirdly successful.Downside: now I can't eat more than 3 bites of something w gluten before getting ill.
100 MANLY FOLLOWERS!!! (With some hot babes mixed in so its not a total sausage fest) I raise a beer to you my manly followers
Paul Wesley is hot as a vampire okay
I try to pay cash at local businesses. Credit card companies suck. They are convenient though.
Some of our summer shirts are now ready for purchase on Kazbah!
its about to be a long night til the am
Dolphin veal. The only way to fly.
Former D Brad McCrimmon was head coach of KHL's Lokomotiv, believed crash victim
thx sis!!!! It's been too long!! Me, you & were supposed to go to brunch! Let's do it!
Welcome to my life, sir.
So what if i want a glass of wine at 11pm dont judge me!!! lol
She's nice sometimes to nice if it was a couple years ago she'd be totally tooken advantage of
I have the fish song stuck in my head. Haha
Love that you used Tait Farm's Cherry Shrub!
time to call Stevie :(
Just went through a lot of John Stamos' photos.. he's just a great looking man
Only very basics
kids watching TNT right now, saying who is Cliff Robinson? lol.
Its certainly a fun in the sun kind of day! We still have great swimwear marked at 50% Off. Don't forget the sunhats and sandals too!
yeah that is a long time
haha, im chill.
Got a case of the Monday's? Fix it by stopping in for $8 dozens of chocolate chip cookies all day! Please RT :)
Just in... U.S. official tells the AP that Staff Sgt. Robert Bales will be charged with 17 counts of murder in the Afghanistan massacre.
No problem! Way to help #VA residents #VAlueYourPower!
How does #Romeny claim credit for GM -- the company he said "let 'em go bankrupt" -- recovering? Balls. Of. Steel. Oh, and a liar to boot.
scammers? we are monitored & plays are released when handicapped, you cant blame us when lines move ... it goes both ways
Thank you for the RT!
The United States government conducts audits on employment records (the Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agency initiates the audits)
highly inappropriate Donna Summer jokes.
Love a man with power ;)
Q3: how do I find a designer or developer? A3: Ask for referrals, look at who designed your competitors site...
Each day that we don't support the eradication of child sexual abuse, kids lose their innocence and their spirits are damaged forever.
grind time on this musical tip.. lets get it!
Did u c my TWTS about u n reprising ur Roles from THE BOY IS MINE in a Movie? I wrote it.
The Kardashians -- How to Blow $40 Million
Oh yea let the tribute begin!!
for sure, a night for the record books, drove around Louisville until we ran out of options. We made the most of it though
didn't you gather signers for prop d?
There's medicine for depressed lesbians, it's called Trycoxagan.
is the site going to run a good story on Darius for Senior Day? It would be awesome to look back over the last four years!
Feeling good
Lord forgive me. But sometimes I #Hate family....
RT : Q1 Still struggling with just teaching basic info lit to students, not sure how to add data analysis skills.
hosts the Grant Recipient Celebration tonight at at 6:30! Celebrate the 11 nonprofits & schools that won grants!
Wow....and the off the shoulder flourescent green shirt with the Reeboks?
hahaha this is very true. Ohh lemme guess we'll hear these new vocals "soon"
Listening to you bitch about nothing <<<<<<
Good Morning to each and eveyone of you out there in social media world ~
Saw the notice about looking for tween/teen reviewers. Know a 12 yr old who is super reader and great writer.
OMG that is so sweet. Not true, but sweet :) RT have you seen ? She's HOT!!!
it will find a way to get you someday.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activism because they help people turn passion into action.
RT : I now have a reason to go to Chicago: the food there sounds amazing!
Coming to a Head: Philly-Based Suits Heating Up Debate About Hits in NFL
if you have any questions or would like to host a catalog, online, or home party, email me at :)
lol I was on there once. Similiar to RM's mailbag.
thanks for the follow! :D
me too! Good luck!
What's up with all the DOG pix I see on FB?
If all goes well, I'll be riding an elephant today.
Father's Day $2.00 Rainier pints from 4pm on.... love our dads!
The Premiere! Join Us! Issues with Clayton and Omarr, Saturday, January 7, 2012 6pm CST Blog Talk Radio (disclaimer) Explicit Content.
i couldnt think of how to spell hawk at the time michael! Sorry im not perfect like you! :p
Omg is killing me watching him on andersoncooper is the funniest thing ever Long live
She can love you good but I can love you better ;)
#schoolmemories One time this kid in my grade when we were younger, swallowed a gummy bear and it came out of his nose. xD
OST is staffing a perm spot in Boston (Investment Mgmt firm) with skills in WPF, C#, SQL Server along with Investment Banking experience.
Omg thank you hun <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> now im going to sleep with a bog smile
On another note, I am happy I know where I stand with people
I love the way you gave voice to Black folks talking..lol..
RT : regard your silent moments as a gift of time for self reflection.
you'd dig our MA program.
BAHAHAHAHA. I just proudly retweeted that. Great use of "hullabaloo"
In MusicMting White Denim “Regina Holding Hands” Very diff frm1st song like a 70s acoustic but not acoustic thing kinda confused me
Today is Women's day. pathetic. one day for what, existence? Let me know if there is a Man's day. until then, I"ll pass.
Nicki minaj barbie necklace this weekend? i think so(:
Barra transparente e e e e e e e
i love the fact that my great grandpa was in the teamsters the famous Italian mafia
Lux suites @ the Warriors!!!
black ppl immature#grow up
Happy Birthday!
Walk with me to the ragged edge, beyond definition or arbitrary laws, walk with me into the abyss, beyond belief, beyond your walls.
He can have everything in this world but he''' sacrifice it all for me . and i made up my mind im in love this time & it feels so real.
So...I think I'm going to Europe! :3
WANT TO THANK EVERYONE WHO CAME OUT TO THE #RICHMOND COUNTY FAIR. NEW EPISODE WILL BE DONE SOON!
Happy Friday the 13th! Are you superstitious??
Happy Birthday love all the way from Houston ;)
#RandomExBrewers Billy Spires
sorry! My laptop was spazzy so i kept pressing the follow button many times. I'll re-follow you :)
tha same Fucking thing damn I'm still partying
A recently VERY shaky Heath Bell on the bump to close it out.
She ain't a fan? Then the bitch def dumb.
Abraham Lincoln tries to trade Ambrose Burnside ... no takers.
Good choice! Those bars are definitely delicious. :) RT: The chocolate covered!!
This is one of those situations where it's the thought that counts. You all wanted to do something nice for fans and I doubt
I need a twitter sitter...I just need to get away for awhile....
The Avengers! ;)
if heller gets one more ab, could be .300 hitter on national champion team.
Can't get up the stairs! My legs are killin me!
Triple crown improv Saturday night. Nothing makes me feel more at home.
whats good man this ish is for the birds
Lessons LeBron James Could Learn From a Winning Charlie Sheen. www.tncnews.com
Sorry, body.
#sotu had lot on putting #veterans back to work, but little on dealing with injuries like
You already know!
1,500 'likes' thanks guys! We love you all!
lets do it ! , all of the big kids of the family chill (:
S/O to my history teacher for always taking me out of class <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
ooohh..not good
Haven't showered in a few days. I guess I should fix that today.
:: If you like , you'll LOVE ! Why don't you follow him on Twitter?
RT : And hits a walk off single. Deep to center and scores. win 5-4 in 10 innings
Racism, bigotry, intolerance... these are all taught, not born with!
who else has held the title for that long... enough said!!
Why Have Your Party Risk A DUI or Worse...Have US Drive Your Party Home...www.chicago-partybus.net
Dear English 102, go die in a ditch!!!
The logo today honors geologist (and Catholic bishop) on 374th birthday. Steno discoveries support evolution theory: www.google.com
Yeah D! Way to get a stop. Time to wear down the TCU defense.
-elaborate on this one bro'?!
I'm psyched for tomorrow :))))
I think you have that backwards
I think instructor-led v self-paced is the key distinction to make
Cardio Thai Box class Mondays 6pm First class is free!!
It's true! Our new handle is ! If you were following you've already made the switch with us. Thanks for your support!
i know right .__. I'm good if i sit next to mahomies or cody simpson fans . (:
This dude really is Stevo hahaha
Do we really care about the NBA Season being cancelled? We need the players to own businesses and not be consumers of everything they see..
We provide role playing practices and interview tips to help you prepare yourself for all interviews.
Woke...ugh
no place for dubstep before 1 am, or after 2011
If vet thinks she's not too skinny, she'll be spayed next week & immed avail for adoption. Will let U know when she's on web.
I will never call Ron Artest, World Peace! It's a travesty!
Union Station is not the place to be when you're feeling a bit crowd shy.
"What we want is frequently at odds with what is right.."
So excited for my spa day with my mom tomorrow! It's gonna be a great birthday!(:
Chef Torsti Uotila from Finland is hard at work in the kitchen. Better enter to win a VIP reception by RT this!
Hello twitter
Reading Kindle on bus = nausea.
It's hooka time!
We are so soft. If Novak is going to get a foul anyway, chop LeBron's wrist.
Ok. So you can't remove the scars that result from the terror of rape.But wouldn't you like to help dry the tears of one woman in 2012? One.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BROTHER JOE!!!!
Yes, I'm coming too! Yay we can finally party together :) It's been too long!
HELLZ YEAH! Glow sticks will be awesome!!! And dude me either!! Im going shopping this weekend.
New #GeekTrivia question from : In Batman: The Animated Series, who was the actress who voiced Harley Quinn?
I guyz I just came from school because I was "sick" and Happy Birthday!!!!!!
I had the money with me!
a what u doing
Holy cow does that girl know how to talk my ear off or what
i mean you have EVERYONE watching. you want golf to grow and casual fans only watch Majors. don't know if it's a productive hole
Sorry but #PDX11 GOES TO ELEVEN!
Today: two presentations. Tomorrow: thesis work. Sunday: all day on a canoe in the name of science.
Woo! Another Washington fan! :D I'm Michelle :) x
Time to crash & burn, F1 race 7:30 am
: Rite! I hate dat bitch! Lol!
Yes now winning by a fairly solid majority. Don't imagine the Telegraph will trumpet this result.
that's all that matters... Lol
You can purchase Specyphi on iTunes and amazon.com thanks
Follow back please? :)
I will do my best. What about Arnie? Talk to him anymore?
triple play=me jumping up and hitting my head on the wood
Early Afternoon Score: Large Icicles on the Edge of our Roof: 1 - - Andrew : 0.
Farewell to Blue Angels - good SeaFair show, now time 4 Thursday's tasting at Bin. Be one of the lucky tasters, apply at www.TasteTweet.com
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Potato Leek and Lentil. Sugar-free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
I don't have no more vacation days left for the entire year....
George Zimmerman's hearing is over. His next official court day is May 29th at 1:30pm.
what adaptogens do you recommend?
Govt programs r not compassionate; they require confiscation of wealth 2 exist. Compassion is giving 2 others without coercion
but it's a REALLY GOOD ONE. You better not.
Looking for a candidate for Weber Shandwick at the AS level who will work on one of the firm’s largest global healthcare client. Doing pati…
Hahahaha ah I love him :)
wish I had somewhere to go to get away from my problems then sitting in the house where they are
That awkward moment when Eminem raps faster than your Internet connection.
I want a white range rover with leather interior pls
Charles Barkley still wearin suits from before he started weight watchers....
It's #blackfriday! Time to get your Christmas shopping done so pick up your sperantsa hats downtown now!
really U COULDNT FINISH THE JOB LMFAOOOO
wins coolest chick in world award for the 38th week in a row. She's a babe!
Follow then retweet this post and enter to win a ticket to SXSW Interactive!
Time for some amazing dinner :)
please follow :-)
:thank you again everyone! :)
Thank you to for being there from the beginning.
have fun!:)
Are you delivering in SE now?
Sorry about the strange tweets. I was obviously hacked and have fixed the problem.
Samsung Galaxy S Advance marches on UK
Trash pick-up on public streets is the law. You want to change that, overturn people's ord with public vote...
I did in Northeast LA
As a kid, I wanted nothing more than to be either Kyle Reese or Cpl. Dwayne Hicks.
It's alright everyone! The #Tigers will win tomorrow. It's #LeylandBall: win one and lose one. The bad news, if you have tix for Fri/Sun
Im havin a ton of fun out in Earth Night Club..... Trinity Gold Just Performed... Went So Hard
thanks for the shout out-slash-writer's welcome. ready to put in some work, so be hard on me!
Just signed in as a #ism2012 volunteer! Getting ready 4 ! Twt me if you have questions about #ISMConference!!
Who is at #SportsExposLV today?
phelps killing the fantasy squad #handwave after tonight's game
Perhaps, but the passing on of the *father's* name reflects a Christian worldview, and very strongly.
From the same people who brought you We Shall Overcome
"Raylan" by Elmore Leonard is a great read, especially if you are a fan of "Justfied"And even if you're not.
I'll love life if I was rich and a model.
This heart monitor is driving me nuts. My chest also hurts
In The Name Of Jesus You Are Healed!!! Hallejuah, Osabadadbadaba
Tip: Plan a fitness routine with F.I.T.T., Frequency, Intensity, Time and Type to create a workout plan that will truly provide results.
“#Aquarius and Pisces: As friends or business associates, these two are a powerful force that could save the world” aye
I can't wait till Thursday to watch Punk'd!!!!!! is going to be on!!!! RT if you're going to watch!!! :)
I second that motion. Well I'm technically third lol *fist pumps*
Saw your SXSW post - if you rally museum peeps and would like a tour of , let me know - be happy to show y'all around
Oh was that you? We resident New Yorkers are wondering who is such a noise. OK, nothing more to see here.
Ok. Im ready to compromise.
Nice! I like friendly girls like that.
been awhile lol
Who got something from us within the last couple weeks? :)
Why do I feel sick <U+2754><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
three bags! You're insane, woman. That's a lot of, er, baggage to carry around =)
I don't know what else to do, I'm falling in love with you. <3
Glad you could join this evening.
A team effort is a lot of people doing what I say.
time just flies when you're writing/arranging - yikes! the whole day's gone already!
#iwishicould fuck one of these fine bitches I'm following....
aye watch yo mouth
Don't let them get you down. I know you'll get things going. Appreciate you very much.
Agreed, always has been my favorite weekend of the year. Taking the WIAA tourney away from Madison would take away some of that
*quirks eyebrow* unh hunh...I won't ask. *chuckles* but yea...
It's not May 4th in the US yet but okay...happy birthday !!!!
A big welcome to , who joins the social team today!
The kids keep singing "Siamese don't like it, not the cat's fault" to the tune of Rock The Casbah
A handful of rumors have emerged from the DISH Network camp this week, including a wireless broadband service to select U.S. markets, a new…
i've been counting down since her jam session on #monique. She is amazing!!!
yes girl and sky high heels !
A bird can love a fish but where would they build a home..??
Don't know whether to snort or groan (social translucence + clarity).. Doing a little of both.
#KimKardashian's failed marriage... What a waste!! That's what happens when you're sitting too pretty in the spot light... You get burned!!
Then we really will get mugged. ;)
Today fuckin sucks
Very grateful for the support! RT In that case, break a leg to you both! (just to be safe!)
Everyday everything is sweeter than the day before sweet baby!
The operation was a success! Managed to break into my iMac, swap out the dead hard drive with a new one, and restore it via Time Machine.
Lol Nun Much .... Whats Up With You?
got a wonderful watch from ! I love it!
At the rate they sign Quarterbacks, you have to wonder how close Manning was to signing with the #Badgers over
I got a + at home and - at the dr also. They had me wait until I was two weeks late before getting a blood test.
I can't make it tonight. I had to deal with some non-work stuff this morning, so I need to catch up on some real work now
Knowledge will give U power, but character respect. ~ Bruce Lee
Have enjoyed the photos of your trip, Jay! Y'all have a safe trip home.
Godfather saga...sawed
you are not old, and homestar runner was awesome.
Go hard today, can't worry bout the past cause that was yesterday
NoTomorrowArtists.com is live..absolutley nothing on there but it is a living site first step:) we are all very excited for what comes next!
Come for the sticker, stay for the democracy. Don't forget to vote in #DC today!
Thank you so much for sharing!!
I'm seeing HTML5 and CSS3: Does Now Really Mean Now? at SXSW 2012.
It stopped raining and mom is going to the store. :o)
calling in to the country club and telling the manager that taylor dowling put cockroaches in my salad just to get her fired
Visiting the Mall and knowing as much as I do now about history due to the work I have done as resident makes it more special.
Less than 2 hours till beer pong madness goes down @ Hennesseys. $5 per team. Any followers should show up!
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
I swear, every time I look out the window it is raining harder then the time before....
honey, don't divorce me. I will do better.
I still remember when Justin DM'ed me on my account saying "Request One Less Lonely Girl and One Time at KISS FM" HAHAHA
97.3 The Eagle wants to know - what does Southern mean to you?
Fair is fowl.
Midterm grading finished at last. Time to open the pinot noir and dark chocolate.
the pebble watch
Im so obsessed with one direction!
Today I want all women to think with your MIND and not your BEHIND .......
he sure is trying
The world is changing very rapidly. Big won't beat small any more. It'll be the fast defeating the slow.
i messed my beliebers :'(
Pfft do I have a boyfriend? Of course not I have husbands ;)
I can't sleep :\
Crack kills.
haha now I follow your strategy!
White is NOT taboo in October! It is all about FABRICS and what choose to pair with it! Try white jeans, fall sweater, oversized earrings.
ce in Gods arms. I miss you Jameel:(
That moment when you mean to p/up the cinnamon to put in cookie batter...instead you put in seasoning salt...I might be onto something tho!
I'm alive still if Bucks win it!
Just in case anyone is curious, The Killer Angels is still amazing.
great ncis last night
"Little Bad Girl" by David Guetta ft. Taio Cruz and Ludacris
Selena u ar lucky to hav jb even if u ar my idol an u ar whit jb an l llllllllooooooove him its cool l wish u both luck lov ya mwa :)
ALLOW ME TO FUCK YOUR FACE.
Hey! Who's got two thumbs and has one less job than he did this morning?
Jurass Five Finish First bumpin from a dude's car... Makes me think of San Diego and good times with
Check out our own #bail agent Ricky's band! Follow
T-minus 1 hour until Amish Monkeys liftoff!
Ready for fall and some Pumkin Spice Cookies- yum!
Justin please follow me!
Thank you God for a God LIFE!!!!!
Happy! My 8th grade aau team won our tournament at North Laurel
LeBron passed that ball like it had herpes.
So true. RT : The best way to multiply your happiness is to share it with others.
#Survivor tonight - what in the world?
I awake with this wonderful feeling in my heart that tells me everything is going to be more then ok GOD has been waiting on and I'm ready
thanks & hope you have a good week-end!
I will be on Sunday!!!
Not sure which tea/herb to try? You really can't go wrong with any of them! They're all helpful in some way!
Joe Versus the Volcano
Set sail with the new cruise getaway promo, sweeper, and cue 2 call on
AZ if you need tickets for the Kirko show get @ me 623-760-7518 & we can met up
Nice shot! Enjoying the calmness of it all :) RT Gorgeous day in DC! yfrog.com/klo3uuaj
Chinchillas clean themselves in a bath of volcanic dust. so, you know, just pretend you're a chinchilla for the day.
drunk. burn. ouch. i'm an idiot.
The second street clue is coming, the 1st is a street with a boro name...
Im sorry, #Tweetdeck 0.38 was/is WAY better then the New One (1.3?).. Can't resize columns down and no Sticky Edit Box?? BO
what is this I hear about alex trebek? tell me more!
hey Micky I need to talk to you please it is very important...how does one contact you! It's like trying to find wheres waldo.
phones work both ways
You're amazing! THANK YOU! RT : Yay! Canned mango chutney and quick pickles w/ the today. Thanks y'all!
Boho chic: Florals, floppy hats, colored fur, suede and Sergeant Pepper details converge @ Nicole Miller's 60s lovefest. Go mod this fall!
there's no voting solution.... voting only perpetuates current system. REVOLUTION is the only solution.
Not sure which was the better bargain at the Dollar General in Brodhead this morning- the fake Toms for $6 or the $1 St. Pat's pins 90% off!
Bobby V- Kiss My Ass..... I fukkin love that song!
Aww cute :) somebody mentioned and a certain mr. Potter turned around
I think I just ate 4,675 calories.
thanks for the shout out!
I have my moments^^ RT : that was your best tweet of all time
We should be makin love RT : It's such a beautiful thing, when we be doin our thannng
That is why.You will always have a special feeling with a guy like that.I've had it twice. It never went away still.Never wil
aw I can't then. it's my senior prom.
They gonna test you soon, so stay ready.
Seriously Jay-Z and Kanye over Chris Brown, Busta Rhymes AND Lil Wayne? #wtf AMERICA!!!!!!!
Is it a network speed thing? Or crappy default browsers? Low end devices?
I have a ride.. Are you going to be able to get there?
I trust an airport to select e-books for me (even for free) about as much as I trust a librarian to pilot an 737 or direct air traffic.
all yaw can
I really don't get why u all hate on twilight? Personally I don't think Harry potter's a good story.. It's to long and weird
this is DC
great message last night pop. You are awesome!
thanks for following ! hope to see in the near future at one of our events
#Wine: I don't know how to quit you. Tempting me with your viniferous ways on a Monday - really? My Tuesday morning isn't pleased with you.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience.
Um this rain better stop
Bout to turn in. Goodnight world.
keep us tuned in to your annual conference that you are holding this year in Leesburg! We're excited to be having it.
- Did see a shirt y'all would probably like - "Meat is murder. Tasty, tasty murder."
Actsophia Users - info in the app has just been updated for the month. Just press "Update" on the bottom tab bar to get latest information.
These kids drive me crazy at dinner. Sitting here pretending their forks are flutes.
One down side of being single....nobody to take care of you when you're feeling sick.
you're a rude jackass. It's endearing on you.
why aren't i tired
what do u mean by trending
Akron guy who set record first: (slow motion voice) "no"
Ahahaha! We's peoples! It should be fine.
Kotchman, D-Lee, CoJak, & Nady all still 1b free agents. I bet a nickel the #Indians throw another minor league deal at one of these guys...
We're 1 step closer to carrying products from Evo, Innova, California Natural, Acana, Honest Kitchen & Orijen. Healthy food for #indy #dogs!
i just cant go back to sleep
RT : many child actors end up in voiceover and love it!
“: Gemini love to travel, and need to take frequent short trips to recharge their energy. (1)”
follow me
what's the schedule for seniors tomorrow?
finally comes out with a dark brown 24/7 liner, and it's not vegan... Bourbon was already a non-vegan brown, what gives?!?
I remember when I was 7 the most tragic thing that could happen was missing the ice cream man.
What was the greatest song of the 90's?
Let lil things inspire you. :)
ciara I miss my buddy!!
Is there even transit in district?
"He's Black I'm Spanish HELLO my genes dominate!" BWAHAHAHA I love Maury!
Btw, we're staying at the same hotel we stayed at a couple years ago when we did our 'girls weekend out'.
yes please.
Weren't you the one who wrote the song to Connor haha?
. Yeah, it's the 1960s Tonight at 8:30 revival getting mixed in with the original cast. On my list of fixes. Thanks!
And when I become famous, I ABSOLUTELY do a song with you :DD I'll be the happiest girl in the world :'D
Ive sent a DM to So long ago. But he never answered me back. :(
Heck yeah
Being single is fun!! I definitely take advantage of the perks it has!!
I just remembered that this week is a 4-day week! Huzzah! Thank you, Good Friday!
Oxy Mo: Clearly Ambiguous
Basketball Wives. Enough said.
Lunch with the beautiful :)
RT : Looking for a last minute Valentine's Day gift idea? Surprise your favorite Royals fan with a Gram!...
#justsoyouknow I just came back from 1st time Christmas Caroling...... And I LIKED it! Yep that just happened & I own it!
That is the most incredible part of it, Diane
: "an effective video" is not the same as a "compelling story." Not many companies can craft a compelling story without help.
Beautiful day for polo!
The same one in which that performance is described as a "great performance by an English club"
not sure, email him at
Sad I'm gonna miss the St. Paul Summer Beer Fest but I grabbed Open tickets. The 6nd annual!
To clear up some confusion, we are not the same as FEASTival. Though they sure did pick an awesome name.
What do you call a guitar player without a girlfriend? Homeless.
Dude I remember we signed up for AAU. and we didn't even play.
right back at ya!
Thanks for the follow, sir. I kinda miss hanging out with y'all!
“: #Caps center Nicklas Backstrom has been cleared to practice with no restrictions. " amazing news!
Thanks & Great discussion. Wish I could've contributed more; I do *super* old-school indexing.
who will be presenting at PAMLA this year? Me. That's who!
again thank you for your support
RT : He who trims himself to suit everyone will soon whittle himself away.
-CALLING EARTH- Let's trade Michael Jackson for Charlie Sheen...I could use the drinking partner.
Interesting. Maybe they are staggering the conversion.
Yeah, that was pretty much awesome and I had never heard that band before. Thanks!
WE CAN DO THIS. #YEEUH KEEP TWEETING ->> #AustinTo700K <3
it really isnt 2 in the morning
let's just face it now i'm never changing
I need to look more grown up - everyone assumes I'm studying when I'm doing important business-ey thing
It's good, but its no "Boombox".
need to get approval from BIG GUNS!!! I'll let you know for next week (hopefully)
Agreed. RT : Happy Birthday Marines. Thank you for your continued service to our country. /www.facebook.com/gargoyleseyewear
#NPinDSE Zapp & Roger - More Bounce To The Ounce
Same as the primaries. Lots of noise on the internet in advance, no actual results where it matters.
mama needs to back off.
Preferably sea-faring. Definitely not butt!
Shout out to we gonna turn it up with this colab right here such a great vibe from the beginning
I was far more comfortable in my combat boots than these politician's shoes. But I'm breaking them in.
Call every girl we ever met Maria, but only love for Jenny's heart.
RT : Hey Jason, could you go write the book I know you have in you on Roy now? I'd like to read that ASAP.
Not yet. But my book club is reading Silver Sparrow this month. Plan to start it on Wednesday after I finish The Replacement Wife
Whoever controls the media, controls the mind. -Jim Morrison
Getting closer to finishing the 2012-13 basketball schedule. We have 2 bring it every night because it's tough. Open @ home Nov 20 vs Bowman
Words to live by. I don't admit to anything ever unless under duress from conclusive DNA evidence. In which case I run away
Heading down to for NY lau7nch of Akashic's Long Island Noir, reading w/ , & Is noir the new normal?
Looks great!
teaming with is a match from hell. Richpublican propaganda! Saving the rich on backs of poor
yea I was by the pool and I thought it was cloud but it was bees
I really like "The Designer Fund" from - So much of the conversation disproportionately surrounds engineering.
Perfection is not possible. Improvement is.
Hi Alex, thanks for following! Happy Monday
since you're building a second home in LA, can you pick up a few things for me?
Leeds addiction danger of over-the-counter pills EXCLUSIVE - Yorkshire Evening Post
Thanks so much for the follow, Lynn! Happy Friday!
If you need any help, I used to do a lot w/ Aquariums and marine biology.
That would last about 20 mins at my house.
I bet. Ayahuasca is very powerful. What inspired you to try it? If you don't mind me asking. 1st time?
That's where I'm going to go.
Thanks to all who came out to the last night! Your support means a lot.
RT : Michele Bachmann gets dual Swiss citizenship - where there is universal health care, gay marriage & strict gun control.
I only wanna be with you.
RT : FB RT: Relevant Magazine article on Spare Some Change hits newstands this week.
Pollack decries intersection project near shopping centers The shopping center magnate calls the road work ''atrocious and unfair.''
Called Lexus Roadside Assistance. They sent a tow service driver who promptly proceeded to back his truck into our car! Are you kidding me!
What are you waiting for as we move towards the light?!?
follow bak? b4 u move??
Saw a Jeep Liberty painted red, white and blue had broken down on the side of the road. So its true, those colors don't run.
Steve Nash wants the Suns to re-sign the NBA's Iron Man Grant Hill! Can't say I blame them, still a very effective starting Small Forward!
Emma says her favorite basketball team is the Kansas jayhawks!!
#RIPAngel She'll be missed by many we all love her! She's not suffering anymore Don't cry I'm sure she's happy
I have an extra hotel room for #sxsw interactive for someone who needs one! Reply back if you're interested.
GOD MORNING!!!!! I'd like to point out and say that u are beautiful in your own way, & don't let anybody tell u any different. I luv u <3
for #200 follow my sister :-)
Time to hit up the barber shop #daddy status!
hey everybody! check out this funny stuff (for a bunch of puns anway)
RT : Google’s Eric Schmidt: If Khan’s program is successful in schools, “[it] could completely change ed. in America.”
what's good!
the goodies were awesome. Frisbee yoyo kazoo clown nose candy. Thanks again
It will be when I'm done down there.
Never mind, just told me! 349 people have voted. Hmm, wonder how many I have?
Watching Tebow and Sanchez really makes me miss Peyton.
u able to get started on that track mayne ?
Please follow us we have big plans for 2013. Be sure to tell your friends about us.
Linda at the North Olmsted Bakers Square coordinated our dinner tonight, thanks Linda
Harry :) what about you?:)
Your killing me Yanks =/
Shane dawsons the beast!! c( :
Good to know. Has #AyDiosFiro been suggested to the weather broadcast community? I'm sure & know someone
When should I expect your next pithy, inaccurate, and predictable post on HuffPo?
Sweat shops, ruthless tax deals--all OK, as long as we get the gadgets. That is why liberals are as foolish as conservatives.
4: Because the mother when properly instructed may early detect the approach of serious or perhaps fatal diseases...and shorten its duration
Wow, just realized I have over 600 plays of the songs on my ipod and I've only had it for a month. #cantgetenough I <3 TDF
See the original silent movie style comedy troupe Sat May 26 w/ !
austin i love you so much <3
Lmao It's Cuz I'm Busy But Ive been sick like throwing up and getting dizzy all bad
#Grilling up some #BBQ pork chops!
Norman lived on the block, the block was his family & we are handling his service. : who is Norman? Where can we help?
I was on break last week. R u on break this week?
The mind goes wild when you think of all the B-listers who could do this.
HI! Summer is 48 hours away. CAN I HAZ PARKED CAR?
Upshaw.... You gonna drop them charges... Roll tide
RT Come near to God and He will come near to you -James 4:8
If the heat doesn't touch the finals ei think it's adios for spoelstra
Did you attend #HeartBall last night? We'd love to know what you thought of it! Tweet us your stories or photos!
Cinco de Mayo...whats going on?
All wrapped up! Thanks for all the support! We've got nothing but tamale love for ya.
YOU WENT TO SMTOWN NYC??? ME TO
#sincerelytory is so nasty! Good Job!
New #google search pretty nifty!
The public & private sectors must find more ways to create better, more effective early learning programs.
Whenever I see a video of Greyson, I get a little teary 'cause...he's just too GREXY & because I know I'll never have a CHANCE with him :'(
still learning
God Bless America... and God Bless Landon Donovan!!!
don't worry about it :) I'm sure you will get more! But I miss u! Xoxoxooxxo
Yes, I am in a session about Burning Man at #ala10 I'm sure it's related, somehow.
good luck!
good u
I don't exactly hate you but if you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it
I wish we could, but we can not
the law as written encourages/requires ISPs to hold their nose while infringing content passes through their wires
Perfect new year not.
can you please give a shout out for me i need some followers if you do ty so much
i know why i struggled in eng247 . i spent 20min looking for my old copy of hamlet only to realize i never took notes. what was i thinking?!
Selling Joni Mitchell Wild Things Run Fast UK vinyl LP.
Not only do I fall down stairs, I trip up them as well- now that takes talent. haha i am such a clumsy person sometimes..
no problem
Almost done with my homework.
Mike Krzyzewski surpasses Bob Knight for most wins in men's Div I history with 903, #Duke def. #Mich St
#ThingsIHearEveryday Music c:
well, guess I won't be getting CenturyLink. :(
Howard Reich: "I was at a dead end. That's when I started writing about her story." www.prisonerofherpast.com
M, matzoh bacon cheeseburger? RT : sandwiches are available on matzoh rolls during Passover...yes, even the ham sandwich.
Thank U Iaasc for you B/U help with the group page on FB #Dynamic and 4 ur service w/me in the player for these last couple of yrs Y3
This is for the OnDemand stream at least which in theory should be completely fine now.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. ~ Leo Tolstoy
I love you best friend!
Are employee goals and company goals aligned?
Where is Alpha School? Charter?
Teen Talent Sarah Moss booked Dickinson's National TV commercial!!!!
Watching Dog the Bounty Hunter... love the show and how the guys mix their metaphors just like I do & Beth - love that woman!
Thanks you! You too.
I agree, hey MTG EVENTS WE BOOK TALENT.FOLLOW US
zayn is a merman? dying
RT : What about creating a "shared reflection" from the session....a wiki would be cool for each session. #lrnchat <Like that!
RT Can't believe it's the last day of April!
Okay so APPARENTLY it is ACCEPTABLE for TWO different players to physically hold around the waist!! WTF??!!! Taupe team sucks!!
#nowplaying Stevie B Party Your Body - this is the jam
Its better to have a life of 'oh wells' than a life of 'what ifs'. ~
So stoked for this summer!
Good Morning! : ]
Luis Rodriguez reading "The Rabbi and the Cholo." His early reading was shaped by a Communist Jew who ran a bookshop in Boyle Heights.
CHARLIE SHEEN HAS ALL OF MY RESPECT! HE IS SAYING FUCK EVERYBODY. HE IS ONE 1 RIGHT NOW. EVEN TOLD THE POPE 2 KISS HIS ASS. LOL VERY AMUSING
took d sol, shxt was hard and im FREEZING !
i know! do more? <U+2764>
ME TOO. Zacy>>>>>>school. Always. Everyday. Actually.... Most things>>>>school. Always. Everyday.
#whitecrazyboysays sometimes when the road is empty i like to drive on the right side. Its alot of fun
Yup RT : Also, thanks to the fabulous for taking & I to this event. :-)
Spent the evening at the Mall of America with an old time friend. Yay Minneapolis!
yes! I usually give up and switch to "absolutely"...
I thought you didn't cry
shoot! Missed this chance. I guess you'll have to come visit in CA ;) connect w/ for a lil surprise I left 4 ya
no troubles Sid. Looking forward to seeing you in the mountains.
Our new CRM options position is performing VERY well. #1 Options Alerts! www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Great weekend to make babies!
Really? Have you read the book?
Don't stop doing what you love because you're afraid to fail, if that's your mindset you'll never get anything done
And now she got out the porn... why? Why?
Keep doing it mi bredder! Big ups!!
rock and rock and roll radio let's go!!!
Follow Friday? Our wonderful speakers! (Part 1)
Sent a bunch of sandwiches with a delivery man for 's media blitz of 's #americasbestsandwich. Lucky media.
You are obsessed
Why do celebrities keep getting popped for DUI? It's not worth it to drive drunk & I know the can afford a driver
Twitter, where the indirect thrive because they're too afraid to be direct . & This can be directed to anyone who is in that direction .
Thanks for coming out, it was great to meet you... Make it out if you can Tuesday:)
let's do it
thanks :) HappySwiftDay to you
quote of the night: "When I am around you, I have no desire to take off my clothes. I have every desire to keep them on."
It's dang hot out! U know wht will chill u out? A freshly tapped #keg of Conflux #BelgianWhiteIPA from , that's what!
If you find yourself in the UK in the next few months, though, you should definitely make a detour to Cambridge!
No need to be humble. Your opinions are valued!
Some SLA students who are a part of the Dukes of Edinborough program will be meeting Prince Edward! Have fun all!
at least you remember them. for me, the 80's and 90's are just one long nightmare of having no money.
Gen x - often feel 'imposter syndrome'.
it's twitter, spelled differently.
wah. LOL ill tweet the pic I sent you.
because people down talk things they don't understand..they rather the unlyrical shit music that uses kindergarten words
I love you too baby
Forgive, son; men are men; they needs must err
nothing much, just laying on my bed haha, HBU?
Had a great few days in Carmel. Just two months away from the launch of the Great American Songbook Hall of Fame!
Joel anthony!!!
iso 40 feet of 72" high corrugated wrap for maker faire. do you know of a local source? in lengths less than a 250 foot roll?
IS IT EASIER TO GET OVER A BROKEN HEART OR THE DEATH OF A LOVE ONE
Minivans should be required to drive in the breakdown lane - always.
How you been?
Love the way paints the picture of the game on the radio
Still on the hunt for interesting non-fiction books that connect to ancient world cultures/world religions. Thoughts?
Time to play with baby blue :-)
Leno had the torch handed down to him by Johnny Freaking Carson you have a radio show you have to pay for u r porn Jay is Pro
lol wow, sounds like a x movie haha
So I guess it's going to be one of those days… blarg.
's #Boyfriend video is like the #KIDZBOP version of #NSYNC's #Girlfriend video...
Crème brûlée @ the Blue Apron with Amy Waller and Jenny Goad. <3
I have it already. Got it Tuesday
Why is it that if I want corn syrup free #coke it must come from Mexico?
Happy Mothers Day!!
Is there a way to Detweet something? RT Mets with 0 All Stars
post-season inkling? "IU (-1.5) over Wisconsin tomorrow. Will be betting the Hoosiers in that one."
Cleaning out Didgeridoo Boy's car went quickly! I tend to move fast when not allowing myself to breathe.
You're mistaking #Smash for a show with actual dramatic layers...
Romo must go before the next game! Prime he must go! On a positive note,we can still make the playoffs, only if we change QB
even though i wont be able to hear austin on austream because im on my computer his voice will sound incredible
I meant to ur mom lol
If this was the hunger games, I'd have five parachutes of tylenol and crackers...haymitch, ya there? mom?
Chicago White Sox Chris Sale to undergo MRI on elbow
I just choked on a Jolly Rancher & my whole life flashed before my eyes O.O
I hate how my house is significantly colder than the gorgeous weather outside!
Probably a good practice. Thanks a lot.
Arts for Kids a TNF event to benefit CHOCK Children's! Live art, music, fashion show and more! 08/21 from 2-8pm outside the Geisha house OC!
#NotCool Thats gonna be stuck in my head probably for the rest of today, i might as well download that song now.. -_-
want me to head over to your place?
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil they dont accept credit :p
Because metal was scarce, the Oscars given out during World War II were made of wood.
last two times I ate mi pueb I got the food poisoning. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
WILL U EVER NOTICE NE OR FOLLOW ME BACK IT WOULD MAKE NY WORLD IF U DID UR SO AMAZING AND ADORABLE FOLLOW ME PLEASE <3333
hope you have a good day at school ! (:
There is an 18th birthday party in the hood--dear god help me--the new 18yo is wearing almost nothing. It's a step above her birthday suit
enuff hibernation. time to bust out my B Game...
I'm heading to Chipotle for lunch. Burrito or bowl?
Forgot all about tonight's #smallbizchat but I'm here!
Austin Rivers? Harrison Barnes?
Good good, spend money in my city.
You are a pretty amazing singer!!
Hello world
Ay I copyrighted that Shit so don't go tryna steal it
scholl ;; tired as fuck. i'm trynaa leave early.
The Guardian was a good show..
Miami losing makes this #Yankees loss easier to handle
Oh so Zayn Malik Is Flawless is trending… Even my goldfish can tell you that.
osu blowing out duke in 1st half!!!
Good call, Chris Brown, on the tattooed-on undershirt.
Low-risk, high reward. RT The #Twins will wind up paying Joel Zumaya $30,769 a pitch for his 13 pitches in spring training.
Change is good as long as it is fir the better
After work, head over to Red McCombs Field to watch No. 6 battle the Texas Tech Red Raiders! It's all tied after one inning.
#afpmeet startling experience and new insight into how to handle a workshop
Nice. Wreck everyone and win the race.
Mayweather vs. Cotto - who's gonna' win? With the jacket that Mayweather is sportin', he better beat (him) it.
Cut and re-dyed my hair blue today. Feel like I got my me-ness back.
starting to think about product for this summer! Y'all got any hot new designs coming out?
Such amazing #actresses! RT Beautiful new marquee for up at the Marquis Theatre! yfrog.com/kfhdncqj
These bitches are pissing me the fuck off
RT : "Are you more committed to CONCEPT than to PRACTICE?" - Geoff Patterson retreat.
we like Campaign Monitor (if you are comfortable with HTML) or MailChimp if you are more DIY.
That'd be totally anti-capitalist-taking money out of circulation, preventing its capitalization. Been reading marx?
Shid I'm about to start sellin work again lol.. I'm hungry!
Weeden > McCoy and its not close. Weeden has size, strength, and a solid arm. McCoy has none of those
We don't lose friends. We just learn who our real ones are.
omg did you get to meet ryan higa?!
I wish I could have heard
When the teacher is talking to the whole class, but she chooses to stare directly at you
I just realized that prenatal is an anagram of parental.
Um.. The girl scouts are winning and marrying their gay cousins...But not in North Carolina. Obviously. (?)
I always sit in my room in the quiet. I dont know why though.
nope. Better luck next year on that front
wow that's really goddamn annoying :(
where did u here this info??? :0 :0
Yay Lynne. I'm a writer :)
Having dinner at Jaleo/DC Tuesday can't wait to have that fabulous food & the rice pudding:) thanks for saving it for me!
Son said how bout u get some language from this year
Next time I think "this person seems like they're in the grip of a manic episode," I'm going to LISTEN to that instinct.
I'm en route to the Between Downs event! Will I see you? :-)
YouTube. :O
When ppl have this "Either you're with me or against me" mentality <<<<
Damn! I got that feeling too, but wanted to think I was just being sensitive. I guess we'll see as time goes on...
You got yourself a deal. ;-)
not in a gazillion years! Lol ill be back in early May and I cant wait. It's gonna be an awesome summer. You gonna be around?
The spider Queen is hanging up above my front door.. No doubt plotting some way to get into my room and take revenge... ;O)
This tweet demands a visual
Cleaning #Boo :l
got you man ! Thanks man my dad sleeping !
- Ditto here... I think I'm going with Rob - I have J. Nelson also from GB and nobody from NE playing...
GOOD LUCK 2NITE & VISIT US BISTRO...
when is it back on?!?!?! I'm do freaking excited!!! I'm learning ASL from you guys!!
Jen just showed me an Asian emoticon which I feel encapsulates the sad, growing-it-out stage of my hair: (//_^)
nice. I'm very much enjoying seeing these Filmmakers known as Pixar guys succeed in other films.
I can't believe it's going to get near freezing again this week in Houston! Wonders never cease, aye?
best tweet ever? Quite possibly.
I'm now a spam jingoist. Freedom from spam isn't free. Invade Spamgeria and take down the spam dictator.
100% for it! “: 4 the love of all that is Fabulous& #Bubbly! RT An app would B amazing #ChampagneChat thoughts?
Tonight on FreedomWatch... Schiff happens. Peter Schiff gives his outlook for the U.S. Economy 8PM ET on
what would be some of your advice in how to instill kindness, selflessness and empathy?
RT : Why haven't the Clips been playing like this all along?!
you guys just HAD to make this on a Saturday night didn't you?
ROFLMAO oh I'm sure he's blocked me by now, too. Let me check, actually.
“ People who are different are beautiful. Those who follow society are boring.”
me too...princeton is my favorite
That's good enough for me. Bow-tie it is. Used to be de rigueur standard formal attire. Have two black and one white...
thank you, Lincoln :) ..i'm ok with my eyes no matter what she labeled them :D
After 5 days! I'm finally tired...But we got 2 days left.Partying with everything I got.Cause I deserve it.
Welcome to the Twitter page for UWM JMC internships. This page will host internship information, updates and opportunities.
Fans, when the ball goes into the crowd with the home team batting, you have to swat that. Seriously.
The smell of coffee in the morning >>>
Huh, that's pretty funny information!
BE HAPPY BABY
we return everybody and we got some decent recruits coming
I just sent it :-)
S/o to my new follower (:
but can't imagine juniper creek crowd super supportive of her leadership. They glossed that one over.
a u a fool bruh
If you have only a little bit of money for your website: Pay for a copywriter! If you have no money at all for your website: Look for a job!
Good Morning, World!
Happy stormy Monday yet again! '- )
That's awesome Lizzie!!
thank you for all the chats and such. I'll look for you around the bluffs. :)
Thanks for the follow :)
Scanner Monitor: Accident 6th ave. and Chambers. Injuries.
Thank fuck its friday!
The more the merrier! =)
It's weird but cool... weirdly cool to be honest! I WANT YOU NOW!!!
u buy ur ticket to tampa yet
Man cooling and fooling what's good wit u???
#SO to the community for an amazing blog and the #byusupportLGBT video! #beautiful #isupportLGBT<3
So excited about the ORIGINAL Houston Flamenco Festival! Never to be duplicated! Launched 2010!
since we're on the subject.. Will you ever make a regular Cherokee again? I want a new Lucy. Other models aren't ideal for me.
Love 2 do it. We had pile of orders out on delivery already that were preordered day before. DM me. u have 'secret handshake'
The DealChicken team will be at the Colorado Mammoth game tonight! Stop by and say hi!
Hm choices. Big bonfire vs playing w/my new Samsung Galaxy while watching Ryder Cup. Primitive vs nerd.
Don't try telling me that Superman is cooler than Batman. It won't work.
lol well we might both be on there for cheating but oh well im sorry that happened
You could eat here everyday for lunch and never get bored.
#NW Poetic Justice (:
Language fair today... im nervous for my part > <
that sounds good :) "not in a weird way" ;)
I think he is just do what yu been doin b bein his freaky wife he gon say
There's only 1 Boy who never Fails to make me Smile, he always knows Exactly what to Say <3
We heard you so here it is!!! We are now offering rental car service!! Contact us at 1 888 581 4446 or
lol, I'm sure will treat you well
We hope you do!
I always wanted to get picked on the cool team, but alone is exactly how I should be
Bedtime!!! Mayhemfest in the morning with my family <3 goodnight everyone!!!! :-)
It's lunch time! Arroz con Pollo Shepard's Pie Chicken Tortilla soup
gearing up for O'Reilly webcast: Cloud Security & Privacy
Every day we are not engaged in protecting our children from sexual abuse, we give predators carte blanche to ruin another young soul.
haha I just had to go potty REAL bad!
At the gym. Need to get in shape for the first snowboard trip of the season - less than 3 weeks away!
Love it!!
Follow Me Please!? 32
glad you made it!
Yay! I hope he makes a speedy recovery.
If only you could see... what you effin mean to me ):
And he try to be the best not Jordan just so happens that Jordanwas the best
RT : BREAKING: Lars von Trier hired to produce Oscars. It'd have to be #OnDemand .
LOL...Always Romo fault huh? Tony least of our problems...fact.
Very productive week ahead!
#thatawkwardmoment when think u know someone and they turn out to be someone completly diff
Our Snaggers are our competitive differentiators ~ Snagajob CEO Shawn Boyer
True Moo chocolate Milk > > > >
Florida in the pre season top 25 >>>>
Turkey trot
been there.
Today is Friday & if I can get my ninja cat to the vet without major blood loss (mine), it will be a good day.
Great, now at practice! :)
The gentleman drinking a beer on the E train kindly informed me that he would be smoking crack and "getting freaky" tonight. It's 8:30 a.m.
"Life is like a high way, never turn back"
I hope they loose
your sad cause your mind is fucked ...I just exposed you
happy smokes 2 new friends in 2012!
": What was the payoff on "Will Chase Blackburn pick off a pass 50 yards downfield?"" $billion
Looks composed by photographer, MUA & posing of the model. RT Modeling is a profession where your worth is tied up with looks.
Tata to the box, Goldie Fox 74 to the box, so Maulers' jammer _and_ pivot to the box, Maulers down to a skeleton crew, official time out
so sorry to hear that! hang in there!
Hit up I'm a Covenant Member there.
you know its good karaoke when someone sounds like they are dying
Nothing like a power and cell tower outage with snow to remind you, the distance between [high tech pro] and ditch digger isn't so far.
We all get selfish at times...
It is only 9:28am and i have already seen a midget, 2 mullets and a really scary garage sale. This is going to be a GREAT day.
F U and your crew
don't be jealous geeze!
Do it!
Is 8:38 too early to run a vacuum?
Let the songs of #FrankSinatra get you through Wednesday. See #CaryHoffman perform #MySinatra, live!
Awake, getting ready for the gym.
you need anything from my room?
I know I miss you too! Hope everything is going well for you I def want to return to LA this summer!
Made it to work on time,i'm good :) you?
Thanks for all the tweets!!
how often are signs reviewed? does this happen in pre-game meetings? how is it handled at big league level?
Yessir..Sounds smooth to me!
so you code any of it in templates or do you just do dreamweaver or what?
Then he'll have GDF buy him a new bus so he can blame basketball hockey soccer baseball & field hockey players
Thanks for all the #FF's you always include me in :)
Rode 7.7 mi on route 'Home to work', in N/A (avg: 0 mph) on my 2009 Gary Fisher bike.
Good morning everyone c:
The fact that Rudolph is trending kinda makes my night.
That is the BEST voicemail i have EVER heard. I will be linking to it so yall can understand who i work with.
Two and a half Men when it Premieres other channels need to just shut down, no one will be catching any other channel lol
HEY HEY IN MY ROOM WATCHING NCIS!!!!
Coffee House Press loves Open Field
Whats good bro? Thanks for the follow.
Tomorrow is our first Toy Drive of the year, Piper, Secret Chief and Turkey and Friends present 3rd annual Operation Band-Aid! Door!
they were delish!
My wish is that would follow me <3
Get him to SHAVE IT! Or get a normal haircut, it is your choice of course. Best of luck.
can I find this on ESPNu or ESPN3?
I'm Being Harassed By
*bows* Glad to be of service, good lady. Cheers! :)
America on Wheels displays cars from 'Austin Powers,' 'Transformers,' 'The ... - Allentown Morning Call
From the newsroom: I just watched and accepting #ONA award for Congratulations, well deserved!
I already have an alarm clock....its called the loud obnoxious latin guy that screams "TAMALE!" outside my window at 5 am
Big weekend!!! Filming!!!
I have no idea. Maybe a #FF or something.
Flashbacks of the times I had with you, all I remember on your face was a smile;
I wish I lived on Yolanda.
you don't think it's problematic + hidden agenda that the only licenses will go to big commercial brick & mortar casinos?
I cannot wait for Christmas. But then again, I probably should finish shopping for my wife before it gets here.
bo did you see titanic without me?! :(
of course not, Brian would be honored. Let me know if I can help.
The Whole Love streaming now at wilcoworld.net until Noon CT Sunday.
love to you my friend, yes our talk-over was so fun! Why sleep? Hi Jason! Yes, today oscar is wilde indeed:)
thats understandable. But I gotta say from what ive seen RT America has done a pretty fair job
your performance night was PHENOMENAL!
Happy #AmeriCorpsWeek. Great to be celebrating service this week!
much needed L with one of my long lost friends......
It is always a pleasure to revisit the scholarship of John Fiske.
Started reading Big Short awhile back but never finished it. Book jumps around a lot but very informative. Need to finish soon.
all this Texas heat is worth it when you walk outside at 9:00 p.m. & you're greeted by a lovely lavender sunset glow & evening breeze.
RT : history exam this morning .... great <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Shout out to my A~Ko peeps! Where you at Aurora?
Happy birthday !! Enjoy it to the max! :)
Move in day at went smoothly this year with help from - have a great first day class of 2015!
Happy #Aloha Friday!!
A Mari Usque Ad Mare => From sea to sea (motto of Canada)
I love Napa!!
Time for me to bust moves mane
- welcome to twitter GILLiAN.
ugh. Guess that's the danger of family owned business :(
I wish you all a very very special 2012 in good health for you all and your loved ones...
Don't f it up now!
I love talking to (:
The belief in a thing makes it happen. Frank Lloyd Wright
Oh lord. Lol. What all do you say??
he isn't flaunting it, it is a fact.
Ugh, waiting blows.
It must be broken. It said that for two of my other friends, as well.
no worries. you were working it. coffee tues a.m.?
Can I call you Lois from now on and Petter?
maybe make the shoulders wider, and the perspective is off a alignment/perspective is off a little, but great overall.
What should I watch on netflix?
Real housewives do good
COOL! your number still the same?
I knew I should've sat in your workshop... I R mad at myself! GRRRR!
ALL NEW Hart of Dixie
Interesting to consider the privacy implications of this practice, vis a vis built-in predictive search.
Coming from a Seattlite, that looks fantastic! Did you get a roaster, or are you doing that old Linux & heat gun hack?
Good Ole Tom is investing once again, in Tucson. Irvington & I 10 area. Thanks Good Ole Tom. 5271 S Calle Santa Cruz.
yeah man. Wrkin hard. Heard u got some thingz going as well
Solid easy mile & a half w/ pig followed by some #yoga. We used to log serious miles in Madison & iola so it feels good to start up again!
JAMAICA EMANCIPATION PARK celebration of the new BOB MARLEY Documentary they served pork sandwiches! lol....can you say #NotCool!
me too!
What's the point of having a #twitter If we can't see your tweets.
LOL. you're all insane. and is a slut.
Hey urrrrbody, LIKE www.facebook.com/stripcage
he woke up about an hour ago and texted me :) he's too cute.
I will now tweet things like "The Flyers are wearing orange" and "the ice is still cold"
ive got rlly bad acney. I'm suppler to wear glasses but I don't and I cant get a bf
Plan ahead. You can get an 8 oz. filet dinner for $11.99 and then listen to GEMINI this Saturday at 10PM @ Carey's Tavern in Westfield.
I would but I have din-din plans with an old friend. Maybe next week!!
Who am I kidding? I'm not even coordinated enough to land a kick on a ball by accident.
Stencil Workshop | Pligg Designs
That's actually good to hear because I am not a math person. I excel at anything other than the quant. :) Thanks!
Never been to SA, but Drink on Navarro st. or Menger bar could work
Spread her legs run ur tongue around her clit while slowly fuckn her w/ice til it melts den tongue fuck her pussy til she cum on ya face
aw, what a cute tweet! <U+2193>
sounds fine to me.
It's all about leverage - leverage every dollar, leverage every ounce of talent from my people. - Sharelle
There is a link between official violence and individual violence. What will happen with we have official default?
Gonna get your new Nike jersey online as soon as my beloved Browns draft you!! U will OWN this town...
Predictive text is like automated Mad libs. Can be quite funny in the morning pre-coffee!
Do you think about me, the way I think about you.
Have u ever had a cupcake with bacon??? Come by tom. and try our Hot Cakes! Van. & blueberry cake, maple buttercream & topped bacon pieces!
Ah good ole' Jim Ross is back yay!!!!!
Workin' on ideas. Building new site!
you better be on this one.
not yet... Waiting anxiously!
OMG yes. RT The Difference between a Boss & a Leader: A BOSS says 'Go' & the LEADER says Let's Go" ~John C. Maxwell
Thanks for following! Looking forward to connecting!
- aaay , why jerk :P you asshole ..!
love will find a way
i wish you the very best for the future, fun and health. Stay the way you are cause ppl love u for that. HAPPY BIRTHDAY :))
the only thing that gets me up in the morning is knowing dog the bounty hunter is on
wtf you want
no it doesn't is says I'm eating an apple :) can u read or what?! Lol jk <3 but yesh I'm on xD
Sure thing Chris, good stuff! Which Ironman 70.3 are you training for?
lets go to #NYC and shop soon !!!! that'd be so
This going to be a good series!!
Good Morrow To You Lady Jennifer... You are most welcome... have a great day.. i bid you ado!
Rick Scott will allow guns at the GOP convention. Oh please make sure Cheney brings his shotgun.
Done with work till wednesday! Yay! New Jersey in a few hours
This is late but... If they're coming to your city I think you should check out the show! It was absolutely amazing! :)
I wonder how many new tweets i'm gonna get after I take a shower -_-
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
glad I got to meet there real cool ppls... Soon to be
Bottle service is expensive? Think again! 750ml of liquid + 10 VIPs + first class treatment = $250!! RSVP now for May 4!
Hating myself bc I hate hypocrites <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Happy Birthday to Pastor Buck!!! He still think he 27 tho.. Lol
When all else fails, play gold fish. At the lake. In the dark. #winning :)
We liked it. Especially the guac! Your pics from Hawaii look amazing!
# of punctum downloads: Preternatural: 307; Leper Creativity: 418; Reality in the Name of God: 145; Intimate Bureaucracies: 87. Yeah, baby!
I love how emotional I'll Have Another's jockey is. It's great to see!
i dont got my phone and its dead so dats why i hit u up on twitter...
Teacher: who is your hero? Friends: our parents Me: Taylor Alison Finlay Kingsly Swift <3
I have felt like a zombie all week. Are they getting their revenge on me? Need doctor to fix me...grrr...medication...
RT Starbucks adding beer and wine at more stores. April 1st they open in the Red Sox clubhouse.
yes excellent work Lizzie
Wow. What a chump.
Thanks Girl :D
I saw a señora line dancing to country music in a quasi Chicano bar in Alhambra, CA. It was a twilight zone moment.
I love how when I'm texting him, I'm constantly on my phone. But when I'm not, I forget all about it!
Ha! #itsthatgood “: trying to hangout w/ but she's just watching Dexter instead. So now I'm just staring at her face.”
There's no question you can get by without the 300,000 mobile apps out there. BUT if you're a music fan, your definition of need may wither!
The day has come!! I'll see you later Mr. !!
I think I might be in a very loud, failed hipster bar.
I hate being bored because its the perfect moment to think about somebody you miss& somebody you love <33
Hahaha! It looked bigger on my screen lol, but when I sent it, it shrunk!
Just finished bowling
Looking forward to all the great sessions in the coming days! RT Great day of precon sessions at SHEEO/NCES #highered data conf
I forgot my heaphones.....
my bullshit meter is going off. aye me. do they not know that it's easy to tell these things?
Halo Twitter... Lol
"The difference is not in the path that one takes, but the trail that one makes."
I DM'ed you about what's going on. Sorry it's long! I've just been upset about this for the past month or so. :-(
National Workplace Wellness Week ----> bike and bus.
Boy, Philly really wants to rival NOLA in the crazy-storm-during-my-visit category!
Is entertaining 8 girls at hotel my daughter's 13th--teenager and jbieber cake to boot
Is that really necessary? RT : #YouGettinPunchedIf you think facebook is better than twitter.
What we think, we become.
Biden has offered the Prince to do a keg-stand...we still have a keg from last night we need to clear out...
Just 6bet bluffed the flop and got insta shoved on
Aw!! So glad I saw you too! Hope you had fun!
Lol well something about a brunette nw
Oh yes let's have a convo in the middle of the side walk, motherfuckers!
Passion is often mistaken for anger by those lacking passion.
Movies with Ro
is participating in a great #webinar on how to recruit passive candidates!
#liber2011 David Prosser, RLUK: Working group investigating cloud computing for development of a UK-wide shared cataloging system.
Represent with Pride & Honor on St. Pat's day!
nope. i was talking about the email address
oh wow lmfao
yes I arrived safely, and I enjoyed yall!!!
Cool. Lucy learned a new trick...projectile vomit...all over mommy. My hair is still wet.
Can't wait to spend time w/ babe this weekend . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Use it or lose it. – Jimmy Connors
Congrats!!!! what a big honor
Till it turns red(;
he's awful dude. Really. Not happening. Terrible. NEED SIZE
Floored by the wild humor & raw heart of Playwrights Horizons show "Assistance" last night! Thanks for sharing it &
New Orleans was founded by the French brothers Iberville and Bienville in 1718
Birthday Girl (in which I play the lead role Katie) - Wildwood Film Fest Founders Choice Award
Will Ferrell in Sports Broadcasting is funny too.
"You The Boss" will never get old to me, I promise!
Are stupid #cubs fans smart enough to give #KerryWood standing O? He tried. Injuries got best of him.
Within the past week I tried 4 beers for the first time. All amazing. All earned 5 stars on Resin, Cream, Bengali, Otis
I'm proud of you guys for never quitting. Rough season, keep your head up you will bounce back. That's from a pack fan :-)
Yes, that's what I'm thinking. RT : thank goodness! I'm sure it was all because of your tweet...
If it's Pretty then yea...
I'm just uhm yea...okay.
officially on a #diet after my dining excursions the last couple of weeks. Need to write out my daily 1400 cal plan & #workout schedule.
It's been a good day in the #voiceover studio with a documentary, the last pages of an audiobook and radio commercials done and delivered.
i got sum folk out there round you in east cleveland
- ha, that's only a *little* weird!!! just a day jules! :)
People usually complain about their looks, but no one complains about their brains.
Good afternoon everyone! How are you all doing? By the way, we really appreciate everyone who has been participating in our daily questions!
will begin 30 minutes of meditation in 2 minutes with
yeahh i understand... Damnn this really sucks!
If niggas wan be mad @ anybody be mad at Metta..he threw it to Blake..once he had it he was wide open w/ Kobe on the other side of the court
Haha! Love it! Such a beautiful video.
Thanks bro!
Mountain Dew > coffee
Me: HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Do you like your present? Dad: Er...You got me a Justin Bieber CD? Me: You don't like it? Okay...I will have it then :)
Damn my birthdays on the 15th:o where the hell is i miss making her smile and laugh
I'm gonna change my life. Starting now.
“: ” Got my tix to see my DAWGS kick some Utah tail on Oct 1 !!!!
I like Uncle Joe. , if you nudged our president, good for you.
Oh, Monday after #SpringBreak, you're NO FUN AT ALL!!
yeah:) that's the way to do it!
The #shutdown drama indicates how politicians are skillful at procrastination.
Pray For Japan.....And Yourself!
haha nothing, it just felt right. I'm gonna start using that hash tag though #gunit although it looks like G Unit
Enjoying your show on BBC1 on XM Radio.
It was SUCH a fun show. is a great resource, run by great folks. Loved being a part of it.
Nice to meet you, too. ;) Thx, Tim.
All I gotta say is #YOLO retweet all you want.
RT You Ever think, hey I wish I could be in a parade, but I don't have a float?! Never fear #2wheelsnot4 is here!
Just built a script in #Foxtrot to do data maintenance on 480 records in an excel workbook. Took info from web app and updated workbook.
hi yvette, would you follow me so i can respond to your direct msg? thanks !
Mercury retrograde has a strong impact on #Gemini and #Virgo but it effects everyone! Delay signing important paperwork till after Dec 13th
But thanks for highlighting Saint Maybe, my favorite.
RT : Two more Belgian top #art galleries to close down. Hope they are able to restart.
the grass is greener on the other side RT for that good ol' follow
And feeling has returned to my face just in the nick of time!
he did amazing the crowd was going wild <3
thanks for following - fan of your work. We should connect sometime - hit me up on linkedin (devin day)
Going to Nouvelle Eve for a 4 course French dinner and Cabaret Show. Ooh la la!
sweet! Pack me in your suitcase!
me eather omg eating at a restaurant they always play soft musc
Me and feel nice. :)
Thanks ... I have friends who have worked 20+ yrs- I'm worried for them.
rt Um, Barnes & Noble? If you look at the facts you'll see that Sarah Palin's book is a bit more than just '40% Off.'
On this day in 1862, as David Farragut's fleet reached New Orleans in Louisiana, Union forces bombarded Fort Macon in North Carolina.
!!!!!! RT : Reggae gets me in a good summer mood
love the screen name!
Great start to my mid-stakes grind. The table doesn't know it, but they have no shot to win because I've got Mariah Carey's greatest hits on
hi,,,can we be friends???
what does the big fellas breakfast consist of before practice or games
Woohoo... mentioned our upcoming session on the #18hours of Evanced event.
Former d-man on 24/7 flyers- rangers.... Can't wait for the winter classic.
I need a hard fucking drink
34 members of 's Class of 2012 are graduating Magna Cum Laude.
Hahaha It IS!!! =) RT: #Artest was right, this is quite entertaining.
that's a big 10-4.! Have a blessed day and I will talk with you soon.
Tire just popped:(
No, you're right. I think fans have slept on Cotto. Plus, my Spidey sense is tingling, meaning possible upset.
Where can I get your awesome charts?
Hair stylist #Vidal_Sassoon has died in Los Angeles. I'm pouring some conditioner on the floor. Too soon?
YES TANNING BED
Do you have any nicknames? ;)
Uke calling out the media room internal announcer on a mispronounciation "Jeff Su-Pan? This guy doesn't even k ow him." Love it
Whatever happened to VH1's "Miss Rap Supreme"?...."R-E-S-P-E-C-T u betta respect me, u betta respect me!!!" lmao
: beer diet I'm down
Tia's is opening for the season today at 11am! Tonight North Shore Acappella will perform 6:30 to 9:30! Come by...
Maternity shoot completed today, still have to keep my foot elevated...getting a little irritated. Editing all day tomorrow.
At the crime scene. Lol
Science is not really my expertise, now you know why I sleep in ur class :p
Man I meant it when I say muthafuckasz is really irritating nd pissing me the fuck off
Is that even 27"?!
Transformer Crop Duster.
Chilling my dude, whats good with u? I
A man who has committed a mistake and doesn't correct it is committing another mistake. -Confucius
My spirit is unconquerable, for I know I am capable.I don't care what's probable, through blood and tears, I am unstoppable." - A Robles
Thanks for the stat. That's helpful info for my start-up.
'Ugly' is such a harsh word. I prefer the phrase 'attractively disabled' it has a much softer touch. (: lol
well News International played a part...
Student unable to find shortcut on flash drive, about to send him to IT, then enters the REAL librarian, who sent him to IT.
Thank you! Not yet, but he will :)
why?? i don't understand... RT far from pooping
I've answered the phone probably 50 times already today. Stop ringing please.
My lil sitter made me laugh so hard I spit out my soda infront of everyone..:x
Going in
Where is my job listing? "Wanted: Smarmy self-important asshole with no marketable skills"
u in atl?
That awkward moment when one ex gets a new SO before the other one..
You're the Best! Lots of fans here at CBS 8, Mister Lee! :) Love having you here in SD, ur home away frm home!
I wanna go home !
I want to see the same one with Glenn Beck on Glenn beck's breast.
Can't make the opening of ANN tonight? Then check out the amazing Miss Representation doc - airs 9PM ET on the OWN network!
Listening to talk about proposed Transactional Web Archiving. Proactive web archiving and capture of user transactions.
I have to say though that this phone makes me feel less lame drinking alone on a Friday night
DAMN STRAIGHT haha
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.
I've become a pinning fool!
Nice! Yes, setup is odd but in the end, you can turn on TV, open garage, and make Number 5 is Alive's eye blink with one remote!
Thank you for ur understanding. Work often gets in the way of socializing. Great show huh?
Views of nature reduce the stress response of both body and mind when stressors of urban conditions are present
Sometimes I could massacre a cheeseburger.
lool yeah ;) its pretty hilarious tho!
Home again, home again. J''ville went very well. Met so new nice folks, too!
Thanks for the mention! is an awesome Board Chair!
I want to kill her. she irritates me SO much!
RT : Since I was a little girl I've dreamed that at my 4th wedding I would walk down the aisle to "Sympathy for the Devil"...
Been taking in a lot of good info lately. I want to work on implementing it, but where to start?
way over and up I was like fuck. But its still usable.. obviously.
its only two more days than what you said lol.
"RIP Haters of Justin Bieber" RT If you agree
Those really long car rides with your family and you just blast you ipod, look out the window, & block out the world. ?
not you,what i saw
Like if I said "your tongue is so cute," would that be weird?? Lol
I don't need to prove myself to any1 bc I know that anything is possible as long as I have the determination & drive to succeed.
no i don't like you.. JK(: text me!
Countdown to TCAs- 2 hours and 4 minutes. starting to get eager ! yay !
So pretty much all you need to know about this game so far: Magic 6-15 on 3-pt attempts. Pacers: 0-5.
Now Playing: "Sixteen Saltines" from "Blunderbuss" (Jack White)
Thanks for another great #FNIchat! Although, still craving brunch!
hope you got all your texts from zach
just working on new music. My phone wouldn't let me reply on twitter yesterday
I have you and your mom in my thoughts.
Meet Gilbert von Cauwenberg at the SMI eye tracking booth no 200 at
I'm here for a wedding tonight. Any suggestions on things that aren't awful, besides the Ferris Wheel?
Artists are beginning to arrive @ SECCA for tonight's opening. Doors at 7pm. Music, performances, 3 great exhibits; free with cash bar.
Cars should be able to drive themselves. Cruise control isn't cutting it.
Bob's clearing the VHS movies out at $1 -- wide assortment of titles -- over 200 -- get 'em before they're gone!
#EpicMexSighs RT SNY Mets Pitch Predictor predicts a 98% chance Hernandez will be annoyed with pitch predictor usage.
RT The smell of freshly cut grass is actually the scent released by plants in distress
haha! Saw that. So awesome!
Any consistency of identity is always a matter of force.
I agree!?!
Likewise! So what kind of return can an author expect off of a $0.99 ebook sale on Amazon?
McKenzie's cinnamon rolls, and PJ's coffee for breakfast. that's how you start a day!
Malcolm Jamal Warner *swoons*
Well that
Baseball tomorrow! Blowing off part of the day for the vs. exhibition game.
Ooh! Say hi to the lovely and don't miss her presentation.
yes to outsiders, but in an office of angry UL fans looking for something to blame their loss on, that's what they've clinged to.
My pleasure! Let me know when you make it up to L.A.
At taylor xD
I miss your laugh, your smile, but most of all, I miss the way you said 'I Love You'
LOL at thinking the debate will help him
Programmed music no Bass no live drums and the sound system sounded horrible what is going on? They had about 400 members.
Hate sleeping alone "goodnight
Mornings fucks are the best :)
#RHOA these chicks are off the chains.
time to get #slammed!
you did wonderful bahja God is going to bless you even more in your future keep doing your pretty hustle and i hope to see u sn.
#julietsimms it should have been you! #jermainepaul seemed like a good guy, but man he did no justice to phil collins.
I can't sleep because my room for the first time ever decided to be hot -____-
Are people still falling for April fools pranks this late in the day? Come on!
I look at the syllabus to find out my professors' names. that's sad
Hello my followers! Sorry if I disappeared for a while but someone has been looking for me and the time to discover has not arrived yet.
Happy 7 months to my babe <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Let's GO DUKE! GTHC!!!
has an i-phone, android and blackberry app coming. I can't wait to see how it works!
You should assemble a team
And I know you're not afraid to use them, either!
OPPOSE ITEM 332 at City Council today at 2pm - Stop unfair changes to permitting process that could stop Earth Day in Balboa park
sendin some tunes ya way now
Yesterday was a Movie! had a great time on set of #TrinaBraxton's videoshoot w/ Pleasure meeting you Derrick! Thanx so much
Bout time apple launched
FOLLOW GREAT Twitters
Major League!!!
and are really getting me pumped for #BELIEVE! How long must I wait?!
New episode coming out in February!!! Stay tuned!!!
Loves hanging out with !!!
Yep,...Tme to make the
LETS GET #DESI #HIPHOP NEW JERSEY GONNA BE UP IN THE HOUSE
ha sure is intriguing. Oh you radio people...
#OneThingYouShouldntDo send me a 3am text saying you can't make it to work at 8:30
Ah, you both have great taste! Thomas is also a very excellent person as well as a great watchmaker.
my left knee is slight swollen and it hurts.. Fuck! Not good =/
thanks Carlyle!
need a graphic designer? Here we are! www.stardesignsa.com
RT : Groundhog's day & you deserve a cup of Corn Chowder with a Wilted Spinach & Roasted Pepper sandwich & Darjeeling tea for lunch
On Friday I tried to hug my 12 year old cousin. Instead of hugging me back he said "Ew, no. You're a ginger."
blow up Twitter with dog tweets.
kingston said 'ah' with wide eyes
Hello friends. We are working hard this winter to secure home field in the playoffs. This should be a great spring, we will see you soon!!!
Young artists today should pause & listen to songs like "Under Pressure" by Queen with Bowie - that's how you feature another artist.
where the hell is my Superman cape when I need it...... lol
You have no idea how happy I am right now hoot hoot!!
Enough with a Caucus. #Maine, #Iowa and #Nevada show the nation how NOT to select a #GOP nominee - or count.
Waiting inline for the passport app of my 9 months old daughter. Loads of forms ...
Down the rabbit hole again: so many great thinkers here that it's easy to get lost in endless "similar to" and "follows" list adds.
Happy New Year to ALL my friends and family! May the year 2012 bring positive change to all of us!
I'll say it again: All 3 men have such intense rationals for why they should stay in that this will only be decided at the #GOP convention.
Watching Survivor: One World with Viggle Wed | 8PM | CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
We are great for any happy hour or event! We know your upscale clientele would love a good shoe shine..
wait, are you near a Jewish retirement home? We've been blasting bad 80s hair metal all day cooking for Passover.
A #golf tourney doesn't get to use the term 'prestigious' if said tourney is held at a club that doesn't allow
Piedmont YOU KNOW !!!!
#Comm103 is just wrapped up in life lessons! #notsarcastic okay some
Have a great trip... Hurry back
Apparently Working 48 hrs a week isn't enough
thanks 4 the amazing show in sf! Come back soon :-)
Ppl describe Pinterest like the latest drug "u tried Pinterest? U gotta try it, it's so amazing" while they are twitching w/ excitement!
talking about master cleanse, feels joyful!
Reviewing The Day the World Discovered the Sun by Mark Anderson I'm a pure sucker for science history. Can't wait to read it!
Never mind sharks in Egypt this headline in Time is causing chaos in the Supermarkets "Pregnant women warned to stay away from canned tuna"!
Happy to have you!
that is awesome! Definitely frame-worthy!
ha! not really, I just ask for help when I go shop for clothes. Most of the salespeople are willing to help you buy stuff!
“: Q2) Use PLN , search tools, #lrnchat contacts to identify new tools and practices. #lrnchat” ditto
Anyone have recommendations for a good hosting service? Bad service is forcing me to move.
Like Sports?
Santa Monica Place 2010 edition...aka my new best friend...THANK YOU gorgeous!!!! ;)
Will players lose a year in their contracts this season or do they freeze& pickup in 2012 where they would have been this year
No relationship is ever a waste of time. If it didn't bring you what want, it taught you what you don't want
Ew. Please. You are not a Southerner. I think you need to come up north for a visit asap.
"high as hell, what chu got Abigail ?"
Does anyone know of a way to export contact info (specifically e-mails) of your facebook friends?
Everyone at the office has pitched in a bit of money to get MLBTV. Greatest company ever.
Join us for our all new saturday night with the world famous DJ CUT spinning Top 40, Hip Hop, old school and RnB! Drink specials !
In my mailbox: An Advance Reader's edition of "The Homecoming of Samuel Lake" by Jenny Wingfield. Thanks & !
We were asked to switch out the graphic...leave it as a surprise for Sunday after a second thought...the article is still great!
Damn MCA from the Beastie Boys is dead
Even if it’s with a small gesture, remember your wedding anniversary!
You done seen me at my best, seen me at my worst, so when this shit ends, know it's gone hurt.
this is going to be out of control... some boys may watch this
I'm a tweet something guys
Looking like the end is near. Rough series boys, but great season. Heres to next year!
I mean, if someone wanted to come over with a pack of cigarettes & a red bull and wanted to play Mario with me, I'd be okay with that.
In this specific situation, your argument revolves around the fact that I chose to express myself sexually.
Attempt at dying my hair. Didn't work<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Fun gig tonight with Hamilton Price and Clayton Cameron.
#50thingsilove #3: My bearded dragon, Silas Hogarth. He's my baby and I absolutely love him!!!
Shouts to all the solid followers!
Wishing you and your family a very merry #Christmas!
No one says "GET OVER YOURSELF" as well as
at 10pm EST, announces the lineup for the 2012 festival. psyched.
It's like I been waiting for something to make me snap everyday
i love my new laptop daddy finally came through <3
I constantly tell myself "I'm done", but then always find myself trying again....
Barley watching the Manchester City game
": I just want a damn huge ass sugar cookie and a slap across my face with Justin's mile long." justins small tho
ad me on skype - caroline hinnant
RT : I miss texting She was one of my #iphone addictions.
So sleepy today
Remember Ty Burrell's speech? That was great.
i dont get why girls expect so much from their boyfriends ... theyre only human .
In McCarthy we trust.
u get my text, i think i got the right number big spike
let it get real.
HA! ALL of our events are weird.
totally just whacked myself in the head with my car door.
Great #UWEBC Internet Merchandising SIG last night; team structures and processes shared show this as an area in growth mode and transition.
in gdoc chat
Hahaha yes. Okay,i'll comment on it after i read it okay?
I hate when people follow, you follow back then they unfollow. I know why they do it but I think it's rude! Just sayin.
I should ask then, will it make me a better illustrator? :) thx!
Seeing you makes me wanna smack you.
As the great Rodney King would say "can't we all just get along"!!!!
RT 140 characters is far too few for the praise that should be heaped upon Snap Judgment: LIVE! This is great radio, folks!
fucking LOVING #21JumpStreet !!! Laughing my ASS off the whole time!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
“: I like Kevin Durant emotionally, physically, mentally & sexually..syke <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>” he never gets his shit edge up even with all that<U+E12F><U+E12F>
Men with good intentions make promises....men with good character *KEEP* them. Where the real men at?!? I <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
move Bravo to midfield and start CJ, Kei, and Teal up top.
Clinton Reno!
Broncos defense was 20th in NFL last year (I think 24th in takeaways). I deal in facts, you deal in opinion. Who is ignorant?!
Kony2012? No Russell2012...kony 2012 filmmaker arrested for masturbating in public and vandalism is san diego
thanks for following me!
saving the #booze for tomorrow.
Worst night of my life...
L&G pulls MPPI product and offers short-term IP instead Insurer makes move as MPPI point-of-sale ban comes into force
So many people love me, somebodys gotta the me- Boosie
Yo people dont forget to follow . And check out their official site. You wont regret it!
Growth exponential of social, publishing, broadcast platforms is at the highest velocity ever.
Awesome D-Lounge! Yay New York Theatre Barn!
why are u so hot
yes it does hahahahahah
awe, thanks, Matt! Yes, I did apply so we'll see...
This little boy tried holla'n at me out the school bus...
Finally, a audition for a make-up commercial on Monday!! :)
#youknowwhatsannoying when you hear an amazing song but you forget the name of it 5 mins later.
s/ to my overdue fam
RT #EU Council (prov) conclusions on #digitisation and online accessibility of #cultural material and
They specialize in upholding the highest industry and safety standards
Yandy lost her job cause she's unprofess, disrespectful, talkin ur business, dancin, not doin her job, get $!!
Most of my weekend...well all of it was spend on the internet completely and related ;) <3
Defense has been a joke...It's too bad
Thank you! We'll put pictures up soon too.
Tweet me tweeters!
90% off? that's practically free. my justification for buying 70 #peeps on clearance
better yet - gingerbread pancakes with bananas! Yum!
Well, it's definitely for adult audiences. The comic is pretty grueseome.
Cho Weak Ass.!
come on guys, quit arguing, both always make it to the dance. Let's hope the Beavs make it soon.
Q: Horizontal or vertical stripes? It seems horizontal stripes are hot right now!
Following for #londonriots updates.
When a girl texts u first >>>>
aw,you look so young,and that looks so Painful
If u mi$$ my radio $tation interview hit 94.1 it will be up untill may 5 hit they website
Sometimes it feels like the floor is the only that's there for me when i fall.
Education is the most powerful weapon you can use to change the world. ~ Nelson Mandela
Ugh literally in so much #pain this is awful <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
If your mobile site looks like an App, it’s a hit. If your App looks like a website, it’s a miss.
#SaySomethin love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3
ok facebook killing me with the adss what up twitter...IM BACK!!!
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
if you were a dolphin, you'd sleep in the guest bedroom. Not my couch. Don't expect fish thrown in your mouth tho
The #Aztecs are getting hot and open up a 9 point lead, 41-32
Vote for Born Again candidates, bring back moral values to America. BA cannot support abortion, gay marriage or legalized marijuana.
Leather Feather album is done.
While you gave her flowers, you gave me thorns while she smiled I mourned while she was happy I was blue bc while you loved her I loved you
I am officially 23 years old, as of 7:25 am this morning =]
Discounted Integrative Health Care - The Integrative Health Programs at VAST Wellness Center consist of a group of complementary and...
i love when my dad tells me his war stories , they are so interesting. my goodness he's such a badass :-)
Yeah they had to, my cursor was going rogue like there was a ghost in my computer!
Wishing it was spring right now...and on a very cool rollercoaster...that would be sweet
Sunndy Sunday morning in Chicago. Day of catch up in work, workout and organizing.
"If the silence takes you then I hope it takes me too..."
They decided to try listening to each other instead of justifying their beliefs and positions and making assumptions up about the other
RT "Time for chem lab.......#fuckchemistry" ... did you take the Gehrkinator? If so you'd be set.
I know there has been a lot of bad news in the national media about the current state of the U.S. economy, but if you can buy homes at 50% …
Came home to find 2 residuals checks in the mail! I love mailbox money!! Love being a #workingactor!
Please bring a can good for the Houston Food Bank...
woah woah. It sounds so good, I love itt!. Take this tweet seriously.
diggin' the stickers, Max! Where did you get them done?
Chili hamburgers with sweet potato fries were amazing tonight! LOVE YOUR MOMMAS!
Here it is almost the end of January and I still don't have the heat on. Wondered why I was cold last night, woke up and see snow.
I hate when my friends change just because they meet new people.
Jeevo at UCLA tomorrow - 12 noon! - right in the center of campus - see you there! - GO BRUINS!
No punchline. Taken more by surprise. Hopefully they won't ruin it as bad as they ruined the longest yard.
This is why I couldn't start anything with you, you aren't over him and its okay, just not playing that game.
Where is the love?
Google Rubber-hose cryptography.
#KCChiefs schedule to be released tonight at 7PM. Come to an agreement guys, can't live without football. ~
That was the first time an NFL player was happy to see Roger Goodell in the last 364 days
According to my closet, I'm wearing the same black shirt too often. Time to shop? ... I think yes!
NPR why would they give it to a station that makes up it's news
If I could, I'd spam #FF with all 800+ of you, because you all rock. Today and everyday.
BREAKING: Dwight Howard not prepared for anything past this season...he obviously was not a Boy Scout.
Putting the final details on next weekends blast - LOOK OUT Texas! We're coming your way and bring the incredibly talented Fos with us!
If there was a 'broken bat on pitches thrown' stat, I'm sure Mo would be the career leader by at least 200
giving howard stern a run for his master of all media crown....
What's everyone doing for NYE
haha, true. I'll give you that.
Hello Soho!
Some ppl don't have fucking table manners CLOSE UR FUCKING MOUTH WHEN U EAT!!! *smack smack smack* is all I hear and I can't eat! When u do.
It's really been 15 years since the Titanic movie? Losing track of that much time scares me. I guess those older than me would say, "Ge...
we should have even more fun this year!!
#wmnldrs Audience votes that vision is the most important quality of an accomplished leader
Yo dawg, I heard you wanted a new iPad, so we named the new iPad the new iPad so you can buy the new iPad when you buy the new iPad
Bewaring the Ides...
What drink of day will b dancing round Maypole?
Traveling this holiday? Use your # Go Local Chicago card w/ & download the free iPhone app!
Tournament of Champions is going on at the Field House right now!
Hey that's all that matters!
You know you shitty when you keep saying "it's just game one"...maybe but y'all still getting that ass whooped
tell your friends that ;) by: Haroutiun Tokatlyan
RT : San Diego first. ATL, Saturday RT : have you touched down for your anticipated Atlanta arrival
so I'm just catching up via FB... but what's the move for... new gig?
Taxonomic currency is treatments-- descriptions @ species level or higher. understands this!
Ain't no one tweeting bout shit right now. Including me.
Jealous. Say hi to Jennifer & Chris. “: #TasteCamp 2012 - Next Stop for dinner! #VAwine”
Thanks for the RTs! Have a great evening!
Baby I'm howlin' for you
“Knowing a person is like music, what attracts us to them is their melody, and as we get to know who they are, we learn their lyrics.”
S/O to my team and all members
OMG THAT VIDDY WAS SICK! NOW I REALLY CANT WAIT FOR SUNDAY!
I sent you a number:(
Ah, I see. Well I'm not saying you SHOULD throw them into the water of the Jurassic Park ride but...
Decisions decide your favior.
Facebook bought Instagram for a billion $ yesterday? Great- now I have to boycott my last favorite SM addiction...
We hope everyone had a fabulous weekend. Now let's talk business: we are opening for lunch at 11:00am until 2:00pm. Happy Tuesday!
also got a triple double :)
Happy Mother's Day to a special lady to me: Mrs. Luckett!
Also, re: the dissertation, my sewing machine is back up & running. So far I've made 2 skirts. I'll have so many clothes when this is over.
we appreciate your vote!!! continue to spread the word!
just burned my #projectx wardrobe. never again will i wear the same thing for that long in a row again. best party ever been to ;) GO SEE!!!
No problem. I was drawn to your picture. Ahaha(; I love Joshh<3
Great meeting you. We look forward to seeing the red, white and blue ensem you rock for the Birthday Bash/anniversary party.
'Cuse on the ropes
God is just plain old good!
OKC taking the championship this year..
shit you boys are having the time of your life
RT : The average woman smiles about 62 times a day! A man? Only 8! Kids laugh around 400 times a day. Grown-ups just 15:-(
2 year olds birthday party!!! Aaagh! Too much to handle...must...escape...
Happy Mothers day! :)
thats how my throat feels. lol
I was DD last night and got stopped at a police checkpoint. Definitely a scary experience even if sober.
That was not an okay dream to have...
Yawn. I know this crap
thanks for the follow. Good luck & good for you. Lots of people want a chef for
i have no reason to smile..
Its freezing in Omaha. I can hardly breathe!
Nice to be back led a very moving hour of worship. And we haven't even had message yet!
Rory Mcilroy sounds like Roy McAvoy. Now he kind of looks like him, too.
music doesn't belong to anyone and please don't put a name on mine - or !@#$%^ if you'd like.
kinda sick couldn't go to school so feel like just laying down.
yeah we should go get some food
If miracles actually happened, guys would all have huge penis', girls would all have huge tits, & homework wouldn't exist .
"ah I burnt my hand.....at night" hahaha one of the greatest spongebob episodes! <U+E404>
I really like take charge Indy with borel, but I'll probably go with dullhan. CCD native, jockey three time derby winner.
Do you ever get the feeling that you're being watched? Because I'm watching you. Just kidding, but you should like us on facebook though.
The cool thing was getting a real $25 gift card for losing! I'll put it towards an X-box game or accessory.
when are we expo hall wandering?
#MP for Bringing us together RT:
Since when has there been a "delete to trash" option on Google Sync for iPhone!?! Way late to the game on this & way over-excited about it!
I want one! How do I get it?
dude that is so awesome!
Yes a QLC may stand as an "excuse" BUT if u haven't "figured it all out yet" u must seek clarity & map out ur own authentic joy! :)
If I was Laker Fan I Would Just Go To Sleep I wouldn't Get On No Social Sites Lol!
This blunts for you Bob........ Saget
Can't wait to read your review! I visited two G/L history classes yesterday, & recommended your essay!
I am so excited to have found you & will be spreading the word. What a great resource & networking tool. TY!
I love your voice.
Just bought poster boards to make signs for and da rest of the
Need great, client facing reps for multiple dates starting 9/1 in MPLS area, please email ASAP with info, pic, etc. THX!
Good morning tweet-world. So begins a very very busy week. #let'sgetthisstarted
yall songs are the BEST! ILOVE YOU GUYS (:
and you judged me for the boner
Change? Try Express Lube. We have 23 Convenient Locations. Be blessed!
I remember what we did to Tim Hudson at Fenway in a REAL game in 09 RT i love love love red sox losses.
Students who stand with Walker are begging for their tuition to go up and the quality of their schools to go down. Its not working with us
How many #toddlersandtiaras turn into #16andpregnant or cum dumpsters
The Central YMCA opened specially on T-giving Day for families in the battered-women shelter. I love when people take care of each other.
Put on your bowling shoes and check us out at fireside bowl! Lots of awesome music! Bad bad meow plays at 9:30
Stop beepin at meh! I got #
When I'm depressed I cut myself.... a piece of cake :D
Just got a robo-poll for the Republican primary...tonight I am a 20 year old woman who is voting for Newt Gingrich.
Read the Steve Jobs Biography With Us [OPEN THREAD]
Taking Betsy to the car wash today. I have a feeling I'm going to be so protective and OCD over this new car.
So i got this new hair cutt for this photoshoot and to try something new....at 1st i didnt but everybody fucking wit so im flexin lol
Delayed reaction, I know, but am I the only one who thinks Google+'s new look is hideous?
T-plush "pickled" out
aww! I'm so happy to be an inspiration! following already! :)
Sick app. Best of luck to you!
Very good! Excellent service, food was wonderful. Dining rm noisy, w/wooden floors/high ceiling. Might try bar area next time.
I love my little way more!
RT : Marriott Hotels FAIL!
Oh, I'm all over it. "Ain't No More Cane" is my jam.
COME TO NY ALREADY! DAMN!
My favorite seal! RT : Checking out Shelby.tv after they won best start-up at #tnw2012. It gets Stefan's Seal of Awesomeness.
It's easier when you meet with a tutor and have the books. I can get you names of books that would be helpful.
38 more days until spring!
so damn cute <3 c:
awesome hun... Congrats... So what u going to do now?
I love Watching law and order. I love the mystery of it
what's Good man. Just checking in with you. Still wanting to get on with Verse and make some hot records.
Ah, thanks man, good catch.
in fairness there is no scientific reason why cousins can't marry. Evolution-wise, it's how our species was born.
They carry big things if you know what i mean.
no doubt man. 2 of the best dudes I have had the pleasure of knowing
Yep. Said "I'm just trying to learn and get better." RT Caleb's a good guy Big D, right? Humble like so many on O-Line.
#failedpickuplines Girl, I hope you're on the Atkin's diet because I want to feed you some meat.
Moose burgers last night. Janis thought they were ground beef patties. really good.
I think it was a willpower test which I failed miserably. :)
yogaworks larchmont. P.S. I live for the Taylors. I need to find me an inspirational coach to marry and a public school to run.
"You believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself."
nice W 18. Thanks,
I have a piano recital on Sunday and I'm not even near ready.
That was fun! Looking forward to more games (where I actually win). ;) RT Thanks for being my pingpong training partner.
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson forever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever (; x
Hearing rumors that there may be some swag at the #DCDrinkUp Yuri's Night on April 5th at Rocket Bar!
Good feedback!
Haha, I would if I knew anything about that!
Papa: "did u send thankyou notes out yet?" Ma:"Shes a PR person D... let her handle it" ..... iunno if she was bein sarcastic or serious.
follow me because I think you're cool! ;)
Checking out new Caribbean Garden exhibit at New York Botanical Garden. Yes, it's sleeting and I'm looking at orchids. Jealous?
1 of my favorite morning rituals is to bathe my contacts in sunscreen and then jam them into my eyeballs... what a hoot!
I KNOW IM HORRIBLE WITH KIT BUT I LOVE YOU GUYS
goodnight! Sweet dreams god bless! Have a great week at school <3
such a good show!
Good morning
Kudos to NYS DOT crews sweeping clean I-490. Eastbound from westside is spotless. Makes you feel good driving into the city.
I'm both thoroughly overwhelmed and totally excited about San Antonio.
Are you basing this off instagram photos of me?
That's a Blackboard competitor, right? How does it compare?
I do have an iPhone. What app? Thanks for replying!
Davionne could be talking about someone else's mother, maybe of a boy he can't play with. He never says "my mother."
good morning #Cleveland!! Are you enjoying this snow?
been too long, love.
Could it be all the sunshine we have been having lately?!
Digging rebelution's latest album
I have had an hour to write this paper and all that is on it it... My name>>>
Thats my kid sister! RT That's my big brother
I know, what's up with #nolovedurian just wants all the hugs for himself.
haha I agree. Espn/abc music sucks. TNT isn't bad though.
O, mighty river! I cross you into Iowa. I love Iowa.
Little Bee is GREAT. RT I loved J. Courtney Sullivan's Maine and Chris Cleave's Little Bee.
A little Billy Ocean on the radio waves! Total 80's flashback! Bc when the goin' gets tough...!!
Good. Thought I was missing the party :)
Happy bloggerversary to If you haven't yet, follow him. If you don't, you will be forced to endure Battlefield Earth on repeat.
HAAHAH he's a porn star u didn't know? Look at him gettin all freaky with these penguins <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7>
I Don't Run Richmond I Run Through This Shit
James Farrior shouldn't pickup the phone if his agent calls..
Join Kevin H. at Pub in Bay View from 8pm. $2.50 domestic cans all night!
well done !!! Remember to celebrate the milestones. You've earned it :)
Hi Naomi! Thank you so much! Yes, praise God we made it out alive!
thank you sir. Glad you liked it.
Randy Levine exemplifies what I LOATHE about the Yankees.
I thought my grandpa booked a job on the day of the concert here and I called him nearly crying.. :L lolol but I'm going(:
I Just picked up a few hundred Gatorade's and hundreds of bottle water. I got them sitting on ice right now for the BIG GAME Tonight!
meeting at front entrance/lobby at 6:30 to go to Peruvian restaurant a couple blocks away. Anyone welcome to join us!
I do but that will mess up my diet & I just started <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Hundreds remember 18yo Courtney O'Bryan from Huntington who died Friday on a fundraising trip to Buffalo, NY. She was a student at PSU.
Lets go Optic!!! You can do it.... ALL NIGHT LONG!! xD
Happy new years
holy shit! Death Proof is on now!!! XDD
what r u wearing for the communion?
RT : R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you're #TeamFollowBack Follow and will follow you back INSTANTLY!
as does espn gameday with Dan's cutout in the background. Dan is ESPN money maker.
you r so pretty....
yes. lol. it went from a hands photo challenge to HANds & HANDSome ..feel like a teenage girl for that one
Apple, I love your products so very much, but #4S doesn't impress me enough, I'm just going to hold out for
life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it .
Copy. Paste. Repeat.
I don't know if you meant it to be , but the #CirocSalsa was HILarious. That got my vote.
Show starts at 7:30, so I would plan on that! Doors at 6:30!
Stand the hell back - time to paint. This will get messy.
yey i finnaly got my twitter
Just saw somebody taking a picture using her iPad. Yes it's a stupid looking as it sounds...
