RT : Ready for game 3 tomorrow between heat/knicks
You're Not Alone
Wishing all a fantastic weekend!
Might as well pester Tommy Tune for working out of NYC, or the Quaids, Wes Anderson, Patrick Swayze, etc. for leaving Houston.
yea as long as it has a front camera and the facetime app
hang on hang on. What? What are these books?
Day drinking in Super Bowl village!
Hope the Knicks win today to keep this series going a little longer.
Audrey sorry!
This week has been uber productive! My children's trust funds will be built on the progress of the past few days.
i need to be reprimanded... junk food binge
Gizmodo: Web startups are made out of two things: people and code. The people make the code, and the code makes the peopl
Make sure you check out www.wsupfl.com for our current demo stream. Send us a request and let us know what you want to hear!!!
But you did get to see Bryce's first HR! Still, they need to win the game; the Padres are trifling.
Hey! Dancing is the only thing can ease my mind.
Ready to watch the brilliant Paul Merton...
LSU now facing 3rd and goal.
Having trouble watching the Mariners, ugly game, more errors then hits, so I am checking out the new features of CS5. Gosh I am geeky.
To keep up-to-date on link building, Pull RSS feeds from Google, Yahoo and Bing to stay abreast of changes, says
I do not live in Europe. Unfortunately, my trip will have to be in July, that is the only free time I have
Before we start the weekend, we'd like to know - where do you go for book recommendations? NYTimes? B&N?
Loves the idea of a seed library!
All day Happy Hour! Get a slice of Coconut Cake and a latte of your choice!
Gosh why does Gossip Girl have to end. AND THEN GLEE TOMORROW D;
Just wrapped two weeks as a DP on an independent feature shooting with the ARRI Alexa. I thought I had died and gone to Heaven. Or at lea…
Visit our photo gallery at www.friendsofhowardfootball.org. We may have a picture of you.
While it's endearing that you're letting your 3 year old try and push the cart, Costco probably isn't the best place to do it.
I wonder how skinny i'd be if I had to exercise to keep my phone on.
Taking the family 2 see Eddie From Ohio 2morrow @ Wolf Trap!
Shooting hockey today!
#JohnWall is to the #Wizards as #Ovechkin was to #washcaps; way to go Wiz
Moore. Garrard. Tebow. Those three will not all be dolphins. Tebow and a pick for moore - as Peyton insurance? Just thinking out loud.
I wasn't being serious. Twitter really needs a sarcasm font.
is spending the day at the Celebrate Dance Festival in Balboa Park.
On this day in 1981, the album “Street Songs” hits #3 on the Billboard 200.
shaking my head at the kids at my school that have twitter/tumblr or both and dont know how to it. Its not like facebook dumbass smh
I want to meet you!
15% Off All Addiction Pet Food, Including New Raw Dehydrated Cat Formula!
Thanks so much for following me! I followed back.
Don't own a gun, but still am aiming for the better
Happy Birthday
Marketers in the 1930s scared wives into purchasing certain coffee brands thru fear of being battered by their husbands.
my dog is sick!
Merry Christmas Eve-Eve! :)
Stealing wifi from the bus ahead of us, 'cause #BieberBus doesn't offer it... 'cause these buses haven't been updated since 1995.
i wish i could go to the game . Go Belfryy !
I have a lot of issues.
Dealing with negativity... If your customers feel that way then you want to know it. Then you can fix it.
24 hrs of boating wears a brother out
Me! “: I was like who is joshua pedro lmao”
Just ordered 'Here, we cross'. (, , , ) 1st poetry bought in ages, a worthy investment indeed! :)
We will be closed today for our annual staff appreciation pool party. Enjoy this spectacular day!!
spam bots have no appreciation for irony
Throw the flag!
Huff! I've seen enough of Gomez, he needs to go back to Welcome Back Kotter! A A All-Star but can't get in done in "The Show"
2011 was the year of fear
is it bad??
not your best...transition programs for players we know have been moved thru the collegiate system is a good thing.
It was such a pleasure meeting you at video shoot, cant wait to see the finish product!
That's big if Hakeem Nicks is out...
no problem (: you goin to the relays doe?
New drummer will be announced this Saturday :) who's stoked?
yup, again. We'll see how long this lasts haha.
Need me some drank
working the registration tent; it's like an outdoor reference desk
Like that’s stopped secret societies in the past. They still don’t know what we *do*.
I wish that too! and i also want to see you! lol
If you have come to help me you are wasting your time but if you are here b/c your liberation is bound up with mine, let us work together.
Good Morning!
“: it's grimace.. he misses you.” dude. For real he moved out of AE and into FV. Dying right now.
I will be. Trying to figure out what to say is the hard part, but I can't let this kind of opportunity pass me by.
Thank you for following us. We are so lucky to have so many Wagner alums working with us!
they didn't <U+2639>
Watching Swamp People!!
A lot got better actually lmao!
Selection sunday!!
This three-pass protocol is typically used during key exchange
The trust we put in God honors Him much, and draws down great graces. ~ Brother Lawrence
got tickets too your louisville show!! (: kentucky is boutta be hyped!!
dude i <U+2665> you, please follow me!
New jobs today!
Still up, working on a list of recruits to finish 2012 off with and a head start on 2013 class.
Good Morning <3
We're in agreement -we have awesome husbands that should meet too!
I'm always at work ma...we had a private party so the front door was closed...back door was the entrance...
palindromes, those unholy parallel beasts!
Think about it & you ah nigga you be ina club.... how them chicks be actin once they get that liquor in they system & them Beats come on
I love the learning community. Always willing to help w advice on games/activities to help w org. issues!
i love you.
Heaven here me now
You guys freaking rock
I missed by a half hour when I first came on! NO!!!! Id love advice on snowboarding for two weeks from now!!
Joe Minoso(Teatro Vista):'Find the most universal story told thru Latino landscape.'<3 this: landscape is determined by mission!
awesome! I'm just waiting for my day when I get recognized. I got a client from being at the counter.
18? Okay so that's one for older hahaha
If you were, say, a city in the Bay Area that got the title of being the most sharing of lemons...how would you want your title to appear?
Downtown for the #OccupyPittsburgh march? Stop in for free chipotle pumpkin soup!
My fingers, among other parts of me are always left throbbing after going over your beautiful Tweets! Always a pleasure! ;D
Totally scored a TCP/IP book for $2.
Are you at the top of a mountain smoking a bowl? ;)
post pics for those who can't be there.
I could watch you for a lifetime, your my favorite movie <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
when your mom calls you at 5 am on a Saturday morning-_-
Watching the '72 Summit series Canada vs Russia. Helmets vs no lids! That was the original flow era
In New York City! I've already seen a couple of celebrities :)
#FF recommendations! Our Gr8t #ClearedJobFair customers: U R The best!
My cousin is addicted to that song! It kinda gets annoying haha
Great news Ray Dearth & Three of a Kind has just been reformed w/all new players and the sound is Fantastic Can't wait to start Recording
right on, I'll see it eventually :)
Anyone at ft bragg tryna hoop?
You need to get with my people, of ... Trust me here, beautiful...
don't ask a smoker why their eyes are red...its offensive¡
Can you add the tag #green to your Eco Life notebook please? About to promote it for Earth Day!
of course. We need to chill again soon!
Have fun at Stumptown! It's my favorite con and I am so bummed I'm not going this year.
Apparently BOB thought same bout me LOL": She had that "I used to be pregnant" stomach hanging out #throwup"
hope you're ok, just read that you were going to the hospital. Get better or if you're going to see someone hope it's ok (:
According to NBC Miami, the best place to eat fast food is.... Chipotle, McDonald’s or Panera Bread?
“: the pick: DEN 17 PIT 13” love this prediction. Teeeeeeebowwwwww.
Good one. MT : The Difference between a Boss & Leader: A BOSS says 'Go' & a LEADER says 'Let's Go.' J C. Maxwell RT
for that David! I'm def feelin the love
I don't want to "need" anyone except for Jesus.
"You were close to getting three 'NO' responses to your tweet." -Both & , after Nate rescued me. CC:
Thanks for the list add!
glad your having fun. Frank cab, nice choice.
very awkward twitter feed of occupy wall street and golden globe tweets
Come with #anhkc and celebrate two of Kansas City’s richest cultural legacies: jazz music and the spoken word. Thursday from 7-9pm
I did not walk down that road.
I can't do this
That is a good point. Just b/c they are on the pg doesn't mean they see the benefits of the product.
It's National Volunteer Week! Thanks to our volunteers for helping us to inspire a life-long love of reading in the children we serve!
that would be AMAZING
that sounds delightful
hahaha! just read this: "Oh,dating.It’s beautiful,really: Boy meets girl,boy woos girl,girl falls for boy.Wedding.Babies.Bliss."
I want a
Cuz its sexy RT : How come Mexican and rican niggas always got a scar on the side of their face? Niggas aint upgraded to guns yet
QUACK QUACK
Theres a place I want on my shirt.They make the yummiest dessert! Their cupcakes r the BEST, no fakery! Oh how I LOVE !
"President Obama went to Rev. Wright's church and he's still a nicer, more likable guy than Mitt Romney"- Super Pac Ad
Happy Birthday Nicolette! :)
k but i gtg cause we going to buffalo tmw and we gotta wake up early so goodnight :)
Thanks for the love Tantek
I think I would be insanely let down if doesn't write a very Lois heave episode! lol
Bought my outfit last night,,, niggas finna b on!
you make it there yet?
Great start to summer language classes! Already planning for fall.
Setting up for some more Diablo 3
Who would YOU like to see come for Festival Flamenco 2012? Let us know!!
Today I gotta get it!!! What up looking forwrd to that party on the 16th
This weather in Ny is perfect right now. It should never get any colder than 65....
wow, leaves me speechless!
;; true true . Lol . I'm like starving , and I want brownies . Aha .
Kenny Kapone Album Destined To Be is on sale online. Check it out its a most have
in hopes of that one day where we will find one we continue to be nice guys...
exactly - there's just no excuse to be that slow, especially if my mobile banking app is faster!
Well im gonna go now : ) New pic : P
get some decorations.. balloons.. food.. and a gift.. u gonna be busy? wanna join me? :)
So fucking bored..I wanna download apps..someone give me good apps please(:
RT : I hate dumb bitches<= dont hate. Discombobulate!
I just realized I haven't worn my Taz Brewers shirt to a game yet. You can officially blame the team's so-so start on me.
But … I’d like to share my new book/blog post/product/seminar with you! Thanks, but no
The trainer? We just started last week - good first session! Learning "sit-stay" like a champ!
I SEE THRU U.
To do list: 1. write a To don't list
go ahead and give Coach Cal your commitment. Be the first to start the dominos in your class.
sign a bunch of them and when I fly over Africa to Armenia, I'll drop them out the window
im on my knees daddy lmao
Seven. Don't you own an iphone? MyFitness app.
Andrewww ): I can't see the video <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
**WHY the fuckkkk did them Harry Potter movies go so IN!!!
Thanks, bye.
I'm good I guess :) you?
So many bbqs today, I'm eattin good!!!
I LOVE Evernote. Notability is great, too.
Committment is the Glue that makes a relationship work
Having major technical difficulties with #lyris today! Don't they know I have deadlines? :(
What's the one thing the Easter Bunny doesn't do? Bake! Let us do if for you. Pick up a Just Desserts Carrot or Lemon Cake! Hop! Hop!
what the actual fuck?!
last night was awesome! Thanks for having us! Let's do it again soon! : )
Will it be on City Channel 25?
Yes, and they're also not allowed to tack signs on vacants...yet so many of them do.
Wolf: I'm not granting a Rule 29 motion to dismiss any charges against Vitale.
#psu this weekend to see some fools
Thanks for the support, Will. We're working our tails off to make things happen.
thanks just got it and replied
I recognize the Armenian Genocide. Do you?
YES! What a bitch...complete w/ hard core enunciation RT : Sally is turning into a little Betty, isn't she?
If it doesn't exist when you are sitting in silence, then it doesn't actually exist. -Adyashanti
7 game series
You're a real cutie, like me:)
Malcom McClaren, former manager of the Sex Pistols and the New York Dolls, passed away this morning. RIP
Exactly 5 more months until I'm 16!
We know right?? Have a ball! RT : THANKS! Horses + Margaritas + best day ever.
“: 142. Before I die, I will visit Italy.”
Ask any guy 10/10 he say every girl he dated did some crazy shit..
": Thursday already!?" Happy Thursday lol
You sound like a man who made his way around the entire league. You make a great point, though.
Yes! Love 's work and also supporter of and the #nomadness #travel tribe
tommorrow? Are u tweeting from the future again?
Long story.
I am very proud :) BUT i am not so proud of the chem exam! lol... jk atleast you tired.
Ughh i hate getting up early getting ready to leave
Gonna see my girl friday. Hell yeah
Yay! I've been at work and MEPS since 8 last night & still have to swear in, I'll be sleeping when I get home haha. Excited?
merry xmas to you to bishop
Thanks for the follow!
hey are you and the parentals sharing a room on thursday or did pai want a separate room?
Thanks Frank for following!
Fondren is closing at 6pm on Friday, May 15 and the phone system will be down, so don't get caught in the Library after closing!
What's your plan to win?
had too text it to you lol too long
Things are lining up nicely for the Browns to get the RT or WR of their choice. Come on baby!
RT : your mom! ^looks like Charles Barkley with a dress...Oh I think those are all the ads on the internet already..LOL!
The Civil Heretic came from moi. Ever since I read his writing on the origin of life, he has been my favorite living scientist.
bro I think I am going to get the cool grey 12s
Great to hear Double Trouble is on the bottling line.
That sounds AMAZING.
Tell ya the truth, Ion need ya ass .
Everything is Always going wrong ;(
o ok I feel u...dats wats up u on yo business
After the #dem and #GOP conventions there will be spikes as pimps flood those cities with child sex workers.
Audio Interview from The Used coming soon!! :)
Up tha road I go! Business trip..
Got it. Will Do.
:) and thanks for bringing me all that stuff when I was hungover Sunday<3 it helped a lot!
My boys getting his swing back! 2 games in a row. Bet he comes close to 40 again.
thanks for the RT!
lmao with who?
Thanks for following! Do you have an electronic catalog of your global properties and partners?
fingers crossed
reading up on Google +
Yes, I know I layer like a Mormon; it makes me feel cozy and comfy. Or, maybe I layer like a camper. It works for me.
lol :) i miss you and hey i'm not lying haha you're beautiful kid!
"good people, good loving, good music in my life, it makes me happy, so happy..."
I can get those camo foam customs for you
This is gonna be a great week for me and my family. It's already written. I can feel the spring breeze coming.
Wat up babe how u
what are they saiding
what language was that?
If u have prayer requests or know of others that do please forward them to Allow us to go to God on your behalf!
#thingsithinkwhiletextingyou how i wish you were here with me :(
hell i have to write an essay hell no! >.<
Go positive or go home.
What's your favorite song off Let's Get This Straight?
Happy Mardi Gras! As if this day isn't reason to celebrate enough, Broken Yolk on Wisconsin Ave. is finally open!
Bumpin' oldies on my cellular phone
Bout time too lay des joints down
omfgggg why are you such a hoeeee
Tiger is looking really good. A lot is going his way, will be hard to beat this weekend
These #Lexus commercials are obnoxious
People judge quickly. Dont let people get the wrong impression about you.
IT'S GAMETIME!!!!
I'M DOWN!! LETS DO THIS!
Tired af .. im sleep deprived!
play some of my songs send me email address and Ill send u some of my music mp3s
OH: This is my third outfit today. Since you've been here.
Thor and DD are. Cap exists in a separate TV movie but I like to think its the same universe. Head canon.
i'm pretty sure one of my students is pulling in the plot of The 300 in a response about the evolution of the classical style in scupture
put on socks
your welcome (:
“: Deal in place to keep Texas, Oklahoma at Cotton Bowl through 2020." best tradition in sports and best college wknd ever
Thanks for following & RTing!
i got 99 problems but a bitch aint one
GOOOOOAAAAALLLL again! Wow!
can't really tell a good story over this thing without going over 140 characters
have a good trip
#AmITheOnlyOneThat thinks forgiving more than once is dedicated and loyal
sitting here with and #partying!(:
Just getting better every day, Janet. No one ages that fast!
#RepYourCity Boston stand up
lol man I swear
I'm trying to get trippy tonight! Lets do this
9 times out of 10, a writer’s “recurrent thematic fixations” are really just a lack of imagination. But don’t tell the lit crit people that.
i wanna go =P RT Headed to play B-Ball
yes! Me too.
Nominations open for GLORIAs
told me what?
I have a craving for broccoli.
Nigga you gay ... - Riley's Voice-
The 2004 version of Ben Sheets.
Who's ready for tonight at #poppinoff text for reservations/ guestlist
Thank you and much love, can't wait for next year!
I'm not saying there was tampering. I'm looking for possible explanations for certain schools' inclusion on the list.
god i just used the phrase "making bank" but shit i need a job more than paula deen needs diabetes meds
It's good to have a helping hand but a lot of times that hand ends up slowing you down
How can you put more FUN in your life?
heard that. RT : I think God wants me to fail Comm Law. I don't understand.
Be really careful tomorrow. The roads are going to suck. *worried*
Check me out hosting "Faces n Places" on MVTV Channel 13 today @ 5pm.
- Raisin' a pint to my homestate bc the pigs flew & we'll have good beer! Whoo-hooo!
he just needs to get a hybrid suit hoodie of some sort
Utah activist reflects during time in prison - San Jose Mercury News
Thank you kindly! We love you too!
Pinoy workers needed in Angola Recruitment starts on April 24 in Pampanga Capitol
Air and Sea Show? <U+2601><U+2708>
Don't worry, the videos will be up soon, and there are lots of other good shows coming up!
if there's June Hoops in MKE it will become life or death in 2 min walk from 3rd to 4th st
I just want my own , because when you have your own you don't have to depend on anyone but you and god
If you're tired of trends why even have a twitter? and learn how to spell.
Don't you just want Pete Carroll to go back to the NCAA and cheat some more?
Ugh... still having issues w/ even after cancelling and going with - they're like a bad ex-boyfriend that keeps coming back!
Women are like police, they can have all the evidence in the world but they still want a confession.
lol! Now that is the power of positive thinking! You bet!
know why
FLORIDA BOUND :*
Happy Mothers Day to all of you beautiful mothers!
f u
The right thing, what I want, and what I deserve are 3 completely different options right now and I can't decide which one to choose.
what the heck,they're like in a gov.t lab test experiment thing or something, wuuut.omg.
In my feelings right now, tryna get out! Lol
You're welcome!
Okay that tweet got ahead of itself, another acceptance speech pulled from Clueless would fit here, but we've been there...
Putting my $ where my mouth is; I like RB Toby Gerhart. I got him for $8 / $200 Budget.
Thank you, both! is one multi-talented guy.
Jus got done looking at a draft for the mixtape cover looking pretty guuud
Every day. RT : Anyone else feeling like there is way too much to do &life is going too fast? The year is halfway over already!
I gotta go top this hell whole today this is not what's up gotta get another gig if the hours don't pick up
Poised Creation has gone through some growing pains!
Congratulations Philly 100 Winners! Amazing Event last night. Check out the website for Winners info: www.philadelphia100.com
This is gonna be one hell of a weekend!
Need some????
Hurricane Roy has you covered for lunch! Sweet Potato and Maple Soup, Shrimp and Sausage Risotto, & Cucina Povera - a tuscan peasant dish.
Wishing you all a Happy Thanksgiving
thanks I just tweeted it
It is. I think, at least, they should be required to identify themselves as non-medical professionals and third-party collectors.
well thank you very much!! :) glad you like it :)
Aww KANE... Peggy ...leave my KANE alone ...:-) Trade him to my house!
- Very cool!
it's pretty hilarious that one of 's biggest fans is a perpetually retweeting cat
Thanks for your votes yesterday at the #DCcaucus. Early ballots to still be counted, but looks I'm coming up a little short.
Not gonna lie.. Watching cowboys and aliens specifically for Daniel Craig !
Gettin' ready for this new sound that's been knockin' at my ear...the fam hungry too!!
Laying down in bed contemplating whether or not to do my hw
You block your blessings when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith.
I miss our 'I love you more' fights, and the nicknames you'd give me. I miss being able to call you mine and talking to you all the time </3
Nothing personal u just bug the shit out of me
why thank you :) I would have just RT'd you, but you're on lock down!
Yup. Without a doubt that's true. It's very easy to sell youth and potential, because everyone believes. See also: Jennings 09-10
James Sallis is autographing his new book Driven - sequel to Drive - tonight at bookstore 7pm in Scottsdale. It's here!
If I Die Tomorrow don't feel sad god didn't for a reason. I didn't die, my spirit just went on the next level of life. I'll always b wit u
i wish i could go<3
I kno imma day late but shout out to my nigga for gettin his song played on the radio. Look him up and follow him yall
Congrats buddy! God is good.
Some idiot is blasting his shitty music all over my neighborhood. Been going on for like 4 hours now.
lol trust me I wish I could go too -__-
Okay I get what u saying they do to him like they do to me
headin to columbus for some black metal
wow i think i love dallas so far ! i am having a great time and meeting some great people cant wait to see whats in store for me tommorow
Vic, you did great on the Ellen show! :{) So proud of you <U+2665> u are amazing! wish i could meet u someday.<U+2665>
The Skatalites performing tonight w/ The Georgetown Orbits. Tickets available at the door for only $15.
hey, got your email back. What works for you?
Dude, sick. What in the eff are they smoking where they think that's ok/sane/legal to put that on the Internet?? Wow.
Just ordered a milkshake with my breakfast. Stoked
- Great post- great org!
I hope you are fairer to old Bill on your tours. After all, I built most of the city's best parts!
While at Universal Studios, check out Jim Morrison experiance, its 5 hours locked in a room with screaming apes, with air full of paote
FOLLOW ME AND I WILL FOLLOW BACK
Hi, It must be the Kosmic hive mind in action!!:)
Cool, where y'all feasting?
this bitch I work with
oh man, now I just feel washed out for not knowing :(
*Snoopy Dance*
whoo! do it
Where are you playing? Looks like my home game
Great show, learned so much, best theme song in history.
Kim Kalicky speaks about her new book "Away at a Camp in Maine" at the Local Brown Bag Author series...Friday 7/16 @ noon in Meeting Room 5!
You're welcome.
The Big D misses you and Ryan!
Someonee help me get into the show tomorrow! i Have to see and i miss them!
I can't wait to just go to the gym and go to bed. Today just needs to be over.
Where u at homes
"Fraud is required in a capitalistic culture, especially in the arts." - a line from the new play , paraphrased.
Don't forget to go check out this Friday at Mad Hatter in Covington featuring Cincinnati's own & others
Hate going on vacation>.<
on right now!
Westbrook look like his name should be gooch and he look like a tranny.
will text you soon!
hand claps for beasts with upcoming birthdays!! yaaaaas!! lol
with this biggs yuyu , at the plaza lol with some white bitches
yeah that is about right... lol but what can you do about it, apple charges a premium.... RT : my MacBook
Money money money I needs it
Hey fans! We are at the #Milwaukee #Admirals for #Vday !
sorry XD you asked so i told XD haha
This song ugh. RT You even sleep over sometimes but we stay in our clothes. I'm only there so you're not alone.
we both do ;)
Hope everyone had a wonderful easter weekend :)
2 spots left for the Texas class
where u from?
Thanks for the RT! Your photos are beautiful!
why are photos on news feed so big as well now?.
blue jacket with a white hoodie underneath!
Up amd at 'em :) time to hit the road for another 12 hoir drive
All I can now do is hope reads my tweet.
All my female followers follow and they will follow u back
Find your freedom in the music.
Female told me that it only takes her 10 min to take a shower..... Ewww bitch I know yo pussy #Stanks #SadShit 20 min or better lady
a huge collection of exclusive designed t-shirts for all ages. Ready to buy, ready to wear at affordable prices. Pick, click and order.
Re:#8 - Was it a ritual to throw people down the stairs after they died? Or just the emperor? I demand answers!
1 week left on submissions for July issue! Send your poem, story, recipe, rant, cartoon, etc. by Thursday, June 23rd!
Recall those god damn Minnesota tourism TV spots.
tell me what you know about dreamin?>3
OH (in complete earnestness): "Justin Bieber has a lot of good leadership"
Soo I made a friend in my math class..he's a registered sex offender
Pickled garlic? Hm...
lol me to! Just wish we where cool like coach ;)
How do you decide you want to follow a stranger on twitter?
Also, why is he not at IEM?
Anybody own a tandem or kayak I can borrow!? :) tweet at me! <U+E00E>
Can you persuade your party's nominee to follow suit?
I seriously doubt that he RAN.
of course! how could i not give you a s/o!
"Your jewelry looks really cool. I am excited to get it!" Anna from South Williamson, Kentucky
What I do for : Up at 3am to appear on Channel 5 at 5:20am. If you're up, tune in. If you're asleep, STAY ASLEEP! -Matt
Long week, definitely need something fun to do this weekend!
we should do lunch ;) I know a few great cincinnati places if you like crepes I know a great place
awesome....or insane?
#100thingsilove 2; I love everything about him, more than words can describe.
Hi Kim - Thanks for the follow. "Awesome and awkward..." A good way to be.
this is bullshit.
just walked back to my hotel and ran into bob kravitz... Really cool guy.
haha im sure it's fine!
the Mumford quote like my Zepp quote?
just booked an interview with a principal dancer coming to the on the final US tour of Riverdance & will let you know when it airs
Would Santonio have dropped that??
Sometimes I wish i could just fast forward through time just to see if it's all worth it in the end.
hey, we're not for everyone. That's the beauty of it
I think I ate too many desserts today.
Up late. Las Vegas plays tricks with time. How are you doing?
It's a known problem with this phone...There's like 1 sprint store down here.
The Last Troubadour at Boomerangs! With CGS and Eat The Rich! TONIGHT!!!!!!!!! COVER IS FREE FOR 21+ and only $3 for under 21! BE THERE!!!!!
Whither DeSoto? Who will be brave enough to bring back Sunbeam?
Alright Timmy B. full disclosure. Who is on the don't-like list?
hear hear....
Open Mic tonight, as usual. Always specials.
Justin performing after the commercial break! have i mentioned that i hate commercials....
Operation: Sound Off! Featured on American Country Countdown website with Kix Brooks. Watch it at www.OperationSoundOff.com !
Programming candidates conclude. Good 1st round of questions
Going Back-To-Back for a few with and friends in Old Town Alexadria. Bringing a lil Florida flavor to the DMV.
Yes indeed!
RT : how do u relationship
We're opening up some presales for our new Operation Orange shirt today. Limited quantities. Only $10 & support a great cause.
It won't get to conference if it comes to the floor like this. Hoping Taxes will take care of it.
Come on #REDS! Finish this now!
I'd go D Jax but for the RB that seems like a rough one. Maurice Morris aval? take him if so. if not go thomas
Social networking is becoming less and less fun for me.
it sure is & the line's coming along GREAT! The new summer stuff will blow you away!
What am I doing for lent: Giving up Facebook, I'm going to talk to people less, and I'm going to paint more
#FunkFest later today stay posted .....
Thanks a lot! Just did one.
loved the new place, you guys did well!
I just got called from a blocked number and I didn't answer OF COURSE. And yet I'm dying to know what it was. Stupid me.
Andrea 3000 playing Jimi hindrix in Jimi's documentary, can't wait for it!!!
Where there is no vision, the people perish
O: the serial liar.
not so much today. He's got a big xray tomorrow.
Champagne, blackberries & ice cream....day one of being home and I'm already feeling spoiled haha
#TOO HUNGRY
are very legendary. They are very sweet to everyone. She supports <U+2665> ;)
k i have to get some sleep before im delirious goodnight to you all Z
#winning #nerdfive :D
About to cook somethin to eat.
My dad just got skipped by an old man, and all he had in return was to give him the look <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
co-sign. also: on everything else I bring to work. somehow there is red rot on my kindle case.
When you stop having fun, it's time to move on to the next thing.
thanks for following ! Yes, #education is a priority.
Do you check links that you tweet to make sure they work? Takes just a few seconds but increases your credibility with followers.
#CPTupdate Just had a great meeting. Big news on the horizon. Be on the lookout.
When your crush likes you back...:)))
Who would you vote for in the next election?
Before we can change the world, we must start with ourselves then our world around us will change. So what keeps us from changing?
thank god(:
You also have dignity and sel-respect
#ASECS12 mtg will be for informational uses only. Exec comm approved budget, committee appointments.
uh i hate school
Happy St. Patty's Day! Our neighbors, Future Shock will be opening today with some great sales til 5pm. Get your Healthy and Goth/Punk!
Hope everyone is having a wonderful break! Enjoy the time off from the books!
LMAOOOOOOOO isnt it gorgeous though? id tap that ;P
my song guys
If it were not for this, life would be dead
hey Joshie!! hugs, love you!!
Ñot pushy, just a gentle shove :)
thank you love
HIT ME WITH IT ASAP !!
Remember when the Goodyear Blimp was the Goodyear Blimp?
wups? how did I end up in new haven for the night? and since I just got rejected by !!TCG!! where's the best bar?
now im gonna actually do it, BRO. cause you want it.
Good luck everybody !!!
We bet you all are ready for the weekend. Almost time for some relaxation & therapeutic cocktails!
I really should start scheduling chats with professional colleague friends every week. I'm much more enthused about life after them.
Yooo when the played "Mrs.Right" I was screaming omg omg then the played "My Girl" best night everr
Join us Sunday at 9 &11 am for "Weathering the Storm - Dance with Life". Lesson: Rev. Ray Nelson. Meditation: Rev. David Belton. Music:...
But we can have sex while you sex other women and we have no title? Smh ugh
Ladies, always use the men's restroom when out. Time is $ and I guarantee this strategy will save u 5 min at least
Who's in Vegas This Weekend? If you need anything, hit me at (310) 971-3346 - got all clubs and pool parties on lock.
I have a strange feeling the old traford curse will end today with a 2-1 win to
Just saw ESPN plays of week #2 was catch made by CC Hooks, from Sat. was that #SAMissions they were playing against?
In #pregnant #women who are carrying #syphilis, 80% of the #fetuses contracted the bacteria as well. (#CDC.)
has an amazing voice. You should really follow me and
happy easter everybody
what happened?
Pop Quiz: David Duchovny voiced the lead character in what cell shaded video game?
heard the new kanye today?
Love it when brunch lasts 6 hours.
RT : 150 years ago today (2/19) A trial run of the USS Monitor in NY harbor highlighted some problems.
Thanks for the RT.
Tonight's Purely Social @ Harbor House will go on as scheduled, so drive safely, guys!
Hard days and harder nights....
: Printing has never been profitable! But we do it because we love it.
If so, don't we have to look at those processes as mediated?
Just sayin'. That's why they think you're a gomer.
my experience with ala/pla for actually in-person talks is rejection upon rejection - not getting my hopes up
You also have a good day.May the sun shine bright on ur soul and in and around ur heart (peace)
Hope so--I checked your calendar and mine, and we'll be at the TinCaps the day you plan to be there!
Give her a hug from us!
aw Chickens Morg
Err...technical difficulties...will try to fix. Hootsuite crashing due to the lively Indieviw disc, I'm sure.
“: Pacers won't win 4 games tho… #anybets? I aint think so”<< bet
I need 1 more follower to reach 50. Who wants to RT for me?
Goodnight world! Hope to see you again.
can u follw me thanks
say say bye bye say say bye bye hahaha i love chris brown
Who has downloaded the Mango Mobile Library App for Android? In the language you're learning, tell us what you think about it!
I'm sorry to hear it. Your work inspires. I will buy more of your books and tell all my friends to do the same.
“: Mike Wallace Going Some Where Else” doubt it now
don't think I will be in DE until thanksgiving. Using up my vacation days on Iceland and Bosnia! come to Houston though :)
what do you think of Mora Jr. getting rid of "Over The Wall" tradition at UCLA? Was this needed, or just him making a statement
like, do of the show?? LOl
Sighing is Good!!
hahah RT : "Yes, I'm so glad Facebook bought Instagram!" - No one.
Sorry I forgot them ...;-(
Posting a new Remix Cover Tonight!!! Music Produced by Instigate! #BOOM!
Can't wait for Cali.
no problem sir.
I have a heavy heart tonight. Two revolutionaries (very different, both so important) have passed. RIP Fred Shuttlesworth and Steve Jobs
Will be in the bay all day an night! Whoever wants to hangout twittle little tweet me ha
Congrats to Linda Rodriguez, the latest winner of the Malice Domestic Best First Traditional Mystery Novel Competition!
sounds like my kids! :-)
plz follow me back im dying for you to follow me back
Will professional tackle football be replaced by flag football because of the big problem with concussions? How can head collisions end?
Today some tax lady sent me a text message and i said i dont need yo dusty as help and she called me lol
u can keep da pine ridin for da jags sideline we going to the bowl dis year
Ya good idea push away everybody in your life who's trying to love you and then bitch when there's nobody there for you.
I miss you, Leo Piano.
What? AT&T sold the Yellow Pages to a company called Cerberus? What horrors does The Illusive Man have planned for humanity now?
I'm not the same woman anymore, pain has changed me.
We agree! Love ! Congratulations!
Yeah I'll be there on Monday and Thursday.
Let's have Lindsey unload 30 boxes half her body weight, then bitch they're not in the right spot -_-
so CASA panel is proposing a CASA religion caucus to be connected to ASA religion caucus. ... thoughts?
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you're curious to know the girl you graduated with who her baby's daddy is. Lol #SoNosey #OhWell <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Ten years of double digit wins and after one bad year the fan base goes wacky. That's why I'm a Bears fan!
If anybody knows how you feel, you know I feel
I seriously don't give a fuck about History anymore.
That awkward moment when you're sucking your ice-cream and you make eye-contact..
Come to my house… You can make me dinner!
which link? sorry about that.
the casey anthony/troy davis comparisons arent needed... #RIP ...half of you people probably barely heard about this 20 year old case anyway
she has had detention before, so its not like its a 1st, but last time she had it was 6th grade for a food fight. shes 11th
In most cases, it's also good to establish working relationships, keep in touch, be a part of the lives of those teens.
Hope everyone had a great passover and/or easter. I ate way too much. Ugh. Now I feel sick.
Aolani hey girl
Be on your guard, stand firm in faith. Be courageous, be strong, do everything in love.
I'm ready to go home
What Makes You Beautiful on the radio again! (:
Training at my new job!
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 19
better to cast The Rock. He just shows up and the sequel makes more money. I'd shell out for him in either follow-up.
maybe at least this time I can make it to some #bluesdancing!
thnxs for notice!! Plz tweet wen it is up!!:)
What is everybody on today
When i said someplace new I wasn't thinking dessert actually. Silly me!!! LOL
I miss yo crazy ass :)
can't wait to see the spurs smash the seattle-southwest space needles in the WCF
Browser.apk: No space left on device... Had to delete a couple of ringtones. Seems OK otherwise, thanks.
i saw a snake on my run today.. fastest mile i've ever ran
oh. haha lucky!
A Slow Hot Wind (1st band-1979) Jeff Papez- drums - went to the Heavenly Jazz Band yesterday. The Big C got him. I loved him.
Someone fearless! Those roads are crazy.
i don't think that i've been this hyper for this long in a long time
Busy baking 1000's of mini cinnamon rolls and glazing them. Now we just need to let the cool before we pack them up for you to enjoy!
Hate doing tax prep...
haha really random
New Girl can't end like that! I've never had a show piss me off as much as new girl just did. >:c
No running today - nice to have some rest from time to time.
No doubt about that..
Too little too Late, re: Obama Jobs package, Banks seem to have gotten much better deal!
,i loove u
no I know so
find out why delay yet? We are waiting too. Would love to know why such a delay!
Great article in Parade today! You should have talked more about your favorite salads!
Got any promo codes for Score Big?
when someone can keep a coversation goin:) makes it alil more attractive:)
More info on thr event
I had to leave right after Alvarez. Next time I'll come say hi.
Murder ballad #1 in progress in our Oakland studio - hooray for recording and old country standards
I LOVE reporting spammers to Twitter. Although I don't think Twitter does much about it....
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 and be entered to win a FREE PIZZA! Normal msg rates apply.
Trey and Matt Stone Parker~ Family isnt about whose blood you have. Its about who you care about.
thank you mayors for defeating the gas tax. www.zanbeelart.com
My battery life and I are losing our power at the same pace. #exhausted #9%
WMA has WFR recert options. Let us know if you need any help! www.wildmed.com
Jacob, Mason, William, Jayden and Noah are the top 5 boy baby names for 2011.
Going to be working on building the RIYC website this weekend. I'm excited 'cause I really think it's going to look great!
#OCFIRE. air assaults look to have subsided
my finger hurts #nobueno :(
Like, the Governator, or the actual Predator? President Predator sounds awesome. Big game hunting for all!
Is it bad I have a crush on
1st purchases are often the highlight of a customer relationship. Try to make every customer experience as positive as the 1st.
oh ... I don't think so. That might be a problem for you ...
It's funny how people suddenly want to be apart of my dream, but what they don't understand is how hard I've worked to get where I'm at.
I'd go up and check on her.
We're thinking about offering a blow dry package. Unlimited blowdrys Monday-Thursday, sold per month. What do you think?
--~~!! SATURDAYS CLUB MATRIX...NEED VIP... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.....--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
RT : I am not shy, I just don’t talk when I have nothing meaningful to say.
Good morning young world
Remove me
Feeling good Friday!
Use your tags people! You are giving us a glimpse into #pcbw for planning the next ... tag it even if it involves pierogi.
^When Israel saw the sons of Joseph, he asked, “Who are these?” “They are the sons God has given me here,” Joseph said to his...
had quite a #concert last night. Rick Braun, Richard Elliott, Kenny G, Dave Koz, Babyface & Toni Braxton! Nice!
Song of the day is coming up. Be ready!
The typical American phrases "you bastard" & "you son of a bitch"
Digger Phelps is lucky he doesn't use Twitter! ESPN should have him apologize to the Kentucky fans he put down like we were his kids.
ah, still cool enough for the brown liquors. Beer is all season. And tis the season.
home in SD and hoping to pretty much sleep straight through to the superbowl. thanks for the good times down under
Hey, if we're going to have Rush Limbaugh and Newt Gingrich leading the news like it's freaking 1993, I would like Nirvana back. Thanks.
Did they start selling the tickets to OC yet?
i already did
In the words of and "Its all over but the crying
Anyone want back links for better ranking? send us your website address to Note this a a mutual backlink
Following a clock snafu, #Spinners hold a 9-7 lead over #Constitution at half.
No hiring JavaScript hipsters!
You got that right! Go Stuy!
Bus driver has an eastern european accent. Makes me feel like traveling!
aww thank you!!
Michelle Malkin wants to know who's a bigger dirtbag than Bill? Try swingin' a dead cat Michelle. (You work for Fox. Remember?)
way to lure me onto twitter and then never use it again
Imma cook u on the court soon as i get home
Spy Kidsis da movie to watch at night!
If your gonna be rude you might as well unfollow me. I promise you I won't deal with you.
Looking forward to tonight's reading at stories books and cafe
no one cares.................... (yanks at shirt collar slightly to gesture something awkward)
It's all those strange chemicals you've been making us take.
lol don't be taking smack either lol
What happens when the State is in contempt of court
hello, my name is alyssa.
Yup! Raw okra! I love it!
so not funny
Bored in Spanish ha
awesome! Congrats To Him!!
Happy Easter!
A great show, Kevin rocks. Check out his appearance on Baltimore's Inverse Delirium podcast, Webisode 39!
Hello Twitter! Currently trying to figure this thing out... Follow me?
whos everyone going for tomorrow?!
ur sacred material spaces) richer, lighter, faster- full of Comfort & Joy May you continue to Give & Receive the Unconditional Love & Wonder
Eww nasty guy decides to whistle at me when I'm with my dad -.- like really ? t-.-
We've got SELECT dishes on the menu BUT r knwldg of #Greek cooking is endless! Feel free to send over questions about any #Greekfoods!
and thank you for the mentions!
Dang I really don't see any Miami Heat fans, they was tweeting all over the place when they were playing my Knicks tho
Happiness is achieved when we pursue our Purpose, with Passion, making others lives a little better.
I can see the red tail light heading for Spain.
The Krusty Krab Pizza is the pizza for you and me!
I'll be there with ya tomorrow.... :(
Cant wait till my friend melodys party tomorrow its gonna be tha sheenits XD were gonna do it BIG
Some women love only what they can hold in their arms; others, only what they can't.
thanks! appreciated.
even though i stand agaist everything beiber, i can't stop myself from singing NEVER SAY NEVER.
Yeah I think that would be my dream scenario also. I LOVE that we have options this year
Do you think it's true that your shoe size goes down too when you lose weight?
"It makes my stomach turn" Nick Anderson on Dwight Howard not speaking up & possibly leaving Orlando...like ex teammate Shaq
I'd be interested in hoe you do guided rdg in middle school. Kind of a daily 5 format?
good luck!!!!
I have all those details for you in the full report but can't give them to you until after my a.m. workout. Stay tuned.
hahahahahahahaha, this bull shit i'm getting fed
#Chess is a #fabulous way to #exercise your #mind and #develop a #framework for #strategy #formulation for nearly any #field of
Good morning, the start of a fresh new week!
I bet Isiah Thomas would love the job
p.s. you're going to be famous someday!
hm... fire in the pouring rain? jkjk, we all know
A1 With fiction, I don't doubt the story in my head, but get frustrated when it's not yet there on the page.
The amount of spinach I've eaten today is just stupid.
Ty Lawson is a beast.
When talking to VCs u must know answers, know ur biz inside & out. Don't say "oh it's in our biz plan" or "I'm not the #s guy"
Happy birthday a day early! Spring break- what a fun way to celebrate your day! :)
too many people at my crib
Changes are coming for how your child takes their SAT's and ACT's. The story at 8:15 on the
I've come to the conclusion all gay men are fucking hot. I'm questioning if the boys are.
I don't like what's been going on with Google. I think I'm going to change my browser and calendaring.
We're writing some new stuff together now so I'm hoping to release it soon!
What signs? Seriously, I keep seeing people say this, but NOBODY says why or what the signs are.
Wow-didn't expect to projectile vomit this morning... That is not how I expected to start the day. Better now-but yikes!
Lol rob to mad
philly cops think they still are in a small town in the midwest!
Five hours to go I feel Hung over from sleep deprivation!!!
Reading about HST and NCLB. So many bad decisions on so many levels. Sadness.
": RT if you're impressed by Liz and Kristi's technique." Hell yeah!! Them r 2 tough women right there!! Love Troy & Jacob too!
Smalltalk programmers would say so; some of those features got dropped from VA when it became Eclipse, though
what would we do without it?? Hope keeps us all alive, or at least wanting to live:)
The Florida Panthers win their 4th straight game with a 3-2 shootout win over Buffalo. Panthers now 5 points up over Washington.
Preach it.
alrighty, heres the deal. it was all gloomy and rainy today but on Wednesday and Thursday, its gonna be all hot at 80-83 degrees.. wtf.
>50% individual ownership of all renewables in Germany, <3% utiltiy-scale. ~25GW installed #solar in Germany v. ~5GW US.
Glad to hear it! Good luck.
I'm going shopping, too.
you should go follow and re-tweet me <3
Volunteers are needed to help with the SLIS Graduation Ceremony on May 20th! Email Tanya at .edu if interested!
Pls add me to your #iUMD twitter list
Dawn of the downpour
You are the most beautiful woman in the world, and played my 2nd favorite character on TV.
Sounds like a blast, have a killer run
stop by The Bar! Happy hour from 4-6 EVERYDAY! Located off of St Rose & Bermuda
oh! Haha I didn't know you were on the last season :P I'm watching season 3!
Yes forreal forreal. I'm done.
Great photo Don! Thanks for coming in for brunch - we look forward to seeing you again.
MetroStage's production of "The Musical of Musicals (The Musical!) Tickets for 5:00pm and 8:30pm today are on sale now. www.metrostage.org
It's amazing how just one sip of good coffee can make all your Monday grumpiness just melt away.
#GreatestSportsMoviesofAllTime The Replacements, Any Given Sunday, and Coach Carter
hell yeah we are!
done :p
@ the VCU school wide business competition. Congrats to all the finalists!
It's Monday! How was your weekend?
fry sauce, fry sauce!
Tonights going to get a little bit cochon ville
No, you know it bitch.
you make me feel like i'm living a teenage dream <33
Let’s celebrate family participation! MPS along with UW-M hosts Education: A Family Affair.
Letting off two different choppas at the same damn time .
Y does college costs so much? Then ppl wonder y so few attend.
Thanks for the shout-out! We did a rebranding and are now :)
“: The smallest human penis ever recorded was only 5/8 of an inch (1cm) long.” damn they know about lol
I miss the hand wave. You could Clooney wave, maybe.
"The traveller sees what he sees. The tourist sees what he has come to see." - Unknown
Reading Agile Coaching from the pragmatic bookshelf. Shoulda read it 6 years ago.
Thank goodness work is going by fast <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Perfect day for the program fleeces to arrive! Nice when a company does little things for you
RT : Finally wrapped up the "Poppin Pills" Music video
“: Today is beautiful! Sun shinning and perfect weather! It feels good to feel good! Hope your day feels good?”<< Yes Dear..:)
glad i'm not at school tho . . kinda .
Salsa at Madrigall tonight, let's break 200 tonight! VIP raffle at midnight for those who come before midnight...I'm giving away free stuff!
Holy Smokes, peeps. This has been a day. Going to bed. Not just saying I'm going to bed, like usual. Really going... really...
This guy asked me to prom. I didnt go. Day before prom, I find out that the boy I like who graduated w/ me is going.
On my way to manchester airport....:D.
ok spread da word if y'all really want to do it
Action indeed is the sole medium of expression for ethics. -- Jane Addams (1860 - 1935)
Real soon! RT : SOON! RT : Hey , when do we hear about PAA 2012?
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.23
I'm about to be at the big 10K tweets
Awwe I gave my mommy her things I bought her she loved it she started crying!! I love my mom shes the best mother anyone could ever have!
God, I fucking hate snow. Summer,
Good Morning & thanks for the follow, DM sent.
JUST ADDED! OCEANO! w/Suffokate , Oceano(special guests), The Red Shore , MurderDeathKill, Blind Witness, King Conquer , Kill The Masses!
April's customer spotlight comes all the way to us from Caracas Venezuela !
So apparently if you have more than 1 desktop in Lion, any desktop not in fullscreen mode and is not the first desktop has no top bar. #WTF!
it hurts... right in the heart
That's why you got accepted to
I thought you hated me..
Glad I came home and the best thing on TV is Cradle to the Grave
yes, yes and yes :) I teach and perform...couldn't have one w/out the other!
Q9- daily in lunches
working on my MVAT marketing project... with chocolate on my right, water on the left and a rockin' pandora station.
should follow (:
does that come with the hangover companion?
Wishing everyone participating the #NYC an amazing day! What you are doing for others will always be appreciated.
In the last 2 years Remington Capital Inc. has obtained offers of financing for 40 deals totaling $247M.
Im doing COver the night too! :D
Thanks for the tip. We'll keep an eye open for it. It was filmed in Atlanta so that makes sense.
I cannot brain to day. I has the dumb.
Go to Rolling Oaks mall today at 6:30 in San Antonio(:
Hey! How have you been?
No problem! Awe your support rocks!! Thank you for loving #HartOfDixie <3 xoxo
": hey TINA! Love you! Tell Marcus we said Hey!">>> sending him the msg, we love & miss u!
Lost weight my ass, You've gotten bigger.
Last Chance! Today and tomorrow are the last days to snag a $25 gift card for just $20!
Review: This feeling of peace continues through the entire book, even when the active is thick and heavy. This was such a treat.
Never picture myself with someone like you.
so glad to be watching the mavs with you! Especially since they're gonna win this game.
me! Please do a cover song episode!
Pickup Line: You're ugly but you intrigue me.
Pete Townshend once spoke about ending The Who before they became parodies of themselves, a joke. America is becoming that joke globally.
Who plays tonight ?
Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over; but had me believing that it was always something I'd done.
No worries.
Will you be livestreaming the Celebration of Junior Seau's Life from Qualcomm on May 11th?
: tell me what to read next & I'm on it.
Not really. They started before it ended, but they streamed it at a random pace. Last ep went up like three weeks after Japan.
RT : Currently hiring technicians. Know anyone intrstd in learnng a new trade? Please let me know. #cville / re CATEC
I think my tongue has gotten longer. Is that possible?
wow we have a lot in common, I volunteer at the dog pound
Wow. The Sixers actually pulled off the upset. I still thought the Bulls, despite not having D.Rose would come back and win the series.
High in the 30's with snow on the ground for Minneapolis.
Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose
i look forward to tomorrow because being able to see a new day makes each one special
In the words of Alexander Hamilton: "Vote or die, bitches!"
I CAN'T LISTEN TO JON GRUDEN!! There is not a player in the country that he doesn't LOVE! Come on buddy, you've lost all credibility
Water shut off to KFA, CSH & Rodli Hall on Tues, May 1, from 9 am-noon due to the Cascade Project. Contact Facilities Management at 3827.
The band from Puerto Rico' slogan was "Puerto Rio does it better"
Jordan should fire his staff an cut every player on Bobcats team
Commission discusses Assemly districts for No Cal
How does everyone get those abbreviated URL's?? I must be twitter illiterate. tee hee.
Meeting went well!! :) now time to shoot!!! :)
Thanks, Ellen!! RT #ROC friendships started & strengthened
Praying for people in North Carolina. Standing for truth isn't easy or popular, but it's necessary.
love mine. Might be a bit narrow for camping with two big adults, but it's possible.
Missed you at the opening but thanks so much for all your recommendations!
Yeah.....it happens
Don't feel good :(
Thanks for the followback!
No prob, G! Anytime. Thanks for dinner!
At my first drive-in movie in Maryland since moving here. I'd happily pay more if I didn't have to listen to the 20 minute lecture.
i hope is cheering for the #STEELERS and not the #JETS :) jets are going down :P
Sounds interesting! We can all use more help with prevention.
his clam is playing 1B
Where will that be? I think he's a great actor, love to watch him. I won't be seeing Avengers though I don't think
Simply a great song.
If catalogs from his company aren't digitized yet, I can give you my email address via DM & I'll see if we can scan them for you.
have someone help you if you can, use a wet q-tip to pull it around to the front of your eye.
Great venues on Saturday night in #ABQ are Library (3rd&Central), QBar in Hotel #Albuquerque, & Envy in Route 66 Casino!
So Think Like a Man is #1 in the box office. That's another movie that won't end up on BET.. Lol
Am gut laughing. Porn lawyers fight Cali law as "unconstitutional" since male "actors" must suit-up. Ah, the irony.
You're welcome :)
Is"Kidding on the square" an Al Franken reference? Seem to remember him using it on his radio show.
LIES! Sugar makes you pretty, just like Wilford Brimley.
ok cool. Is the strike still popping?
Thank you for your kind words Allex!
Apparently Canada is taking lessons from the US, as I asked the same question last year.
I'm so sick of this shit
great pairing
no :D hah
RT if ur horny all day every day
Party at jays house this weekend, bring our own drug... puff puff give....
:) QT : believing that two angels came to Market and prayed over me this evening.
Im gonna start tweeting like a real person lol cause i have a feeling people think im a twitter robot faggot.. i just like followers haha
The last convo I had wit Los he said " WE R RISKTAKERS WE LIVE FAST AND WE GET MONEY HE SAID NEVER SECOND GUESS YOURSELF JUST DO IT
lmaoooo you both saying the same so i guess ya both smart yay case close now 100$ both and buy me a new phone
Any pools open today? It's gonna be a hot one.
ala your picture moves.
follow me :)
Yes; if you click on the cue list itself (in drawer) the inspector will let you assign a hotkey trigger to list; works as GO
Yes I would. RT Hey, would you be interested in doing some guest articles in our Sport section?
Yes micros this weekend ;)
Watch my brilliant colleague talk about the need for a smart U.S. #energy policy on here: bit.ly/v499jc
after #ymiw #whocharted and the Conan appearance you are easily my favorite comedian. Thanks for all you do!
I've missed my iPhone activities!~
my mom talks to herself on FB. It's hysterical.
“: your hair looks so nice in your avi:)”aw thanks girl! I miss you
thanks RT : Welcome new bee friends!
So addicted to Downton. I even got Derek hooked. The dresses and filming alone are worth watching it.
need some good bars in Denver
Lmfaoo!! He said I told her youu my groupie! Im dyin lmao
We can neither confirm nor deny that EVERY major celebrity in town will be dining here this weekend.
Sometimes I wonder!
Pretty sure I need to bind my rib cage together before it splits apart. Oh the third trimester joys...
Beautiful weather in #chicago....out and about
Do u like black veil brides?
Briefly at #roflthing; not #si20, but worth it for J. Scott on and (brilliant!), plus giveaway colored condoms
#SuperBowl Madonna doing Party Rock dance is not going to change my mind. Just saying.
that's what washing machines are for!
Maybe will actually say something worth tweeting today.
very stressed out
yep. It's a little scary when you can't stand to live with yourself in your own head.
I love summer simply because i become such a morning person #motivated 8)
Coordinating media outreach outside of the country much easier than expected.... good deal as allowed me extra time today!
Sweet. “: Just finished recording a MarketingPRofs podcast on #Humanize - W00t! Can't wait til it's up!”
Agreed. RT : I still think: the best story in American politics is the tension between reality-based Republicans and the...
I won't
Biting my tongue & I think it's bleeding
Just a day away for our next 2-Day Sale. These weeks are flying by. Valentines day is just a few days away. Who's ready?
I'm here in my new apartment tonight with just a suitcase and my cat. Can't wait for Monday morning when movers come with my stuff!
I live for those types of phone calls
OMG RIP Carlos Fuentes (I know I'm a day late...)
There's not enough time in the day! AH going crazy
I need your email addresses for the invite.
art is not a crime
HAHAHAHAHAHA! Keep going! This is awesome! And let's be realistic: Cary Elwes is the prettiest of all!
Where is the best place to have lunch on a friday, of course!
say dat stuff to my face bitch kk in like real life i dnt fuckin like u k dnt com to my house n dnt call me bitch dnt talk to
What beats faster printing service than NYC Printing 123's Rush Printing Service. Have your print job printed and ready as fast as same...
Great #music!
hey Taylor I love your music your my isperation and you are the reason I smile everyday so if you see this please follow me
we did it once in the middle of winter driving over the 14th st bridge. Hands were freezing by the time we hit Crystal City
yup yup
"tweet"...Yay!! 300 tweets! I think I'm losing my voice... :D
Heading to Vail for my story today.... wish me luck!!!
I got five tweets already
you know those two 8th grade fish you stalked at church? App caroline thinks the blond one is hot!
Woo! Lincoln Hall is CRACKIN' HARD!! System is bangin' and killin right now!! I'm up next!!!
Go Knickerbockers!
guess I'm going exclusively digital !
2 spots just opened up for tomorrow's date night class. Rack of lamb anyone? (720) 287-4823
The Predators answer the Power field goal with long drive that resulted in a Roper touchdown pass to T.T. Tolvier, Preds lead 27-10.
“: Toured Coco Chanel's apartment w and Clearly am going to need to redecorate when I get home.”
You should have bet your life savings on United beating TFC.
Thanks for the RT <U+2665>!
do you want to know what isn't mine either?
That's not what I wanted to hear RE: Batman:AC. I still haven't opened it. I knew it was bad, but that bad?
Yea, you have the markers right?
i'll take those gloves off your hands
Did u just say Luis Fonsi confirmed to be somewhere? Where?! Was so focused on work y creo k escuche algo de el. Tell me =(
i hope so... depends on (a) how much the england trip cleans out my wallet, and (b) how much paying work i get this year...
LOL I know, they are SO not memorable enough for real names. ;)
yea probably...
"Like" Clean Water? Follow ! We fight for Wisconsin's natural resources everyday!
#Shoutout to all my #followers. Thanks a million.
Massachusetts is boring.
Just a reminder, tune into your local PBS channel tonight at 9/8p for Masterpiece Mystery & the Season Premier of Sherlock! Very cool show!
Time for cardio, pa rum pum pum pum. Don't wanna do it now, pa rum pum pum pum. But don't wanna be a fat cow, pa rum pum pum pum. Ho-hum.
Hm, I like bacon
got the perfect track for !!
Which hat u rock? Original GT or Flat Brim GT? Hyped to hear this.
Ppl suing Skechers because ShapeUps didnt build muscle/help lose weight? Here's a crazy thought: Hit the gym and stop relying on a shoe!!
Going to guam with and a big box of freezepops
That option is really only open to rich hot lesbian couples.
Softball Update: was 3 for 5, 4 RBI and 3 Runs. and Did Not Play
sry wasn't around this weekend... today or Wednesday the 12th?
same with you but I like Harry styles (:
Lunar flares & full sun. See: the strangeness has already begun.
It's time for GREEN TEA!!!
...... dont read the comtract less a mill in dere
love it
you have no idea lol
I like my balls fuzzy as opposed to haunted
Thanks for RT! :)
In swank ass Lincoln Park, sleeping on strangers furniture! Only known them a few hours, but I love to smoke fine cigars and expensive beer
Almost home :) passing vail Colorado.
Stopping at Lili soon for some java inspiration....
Haha, we're so gay!!!
Headed to the 'ham to celebrate the wedding of and David Farris. Hope this day is spectacular for you both!
I dont feel like calling this guy back at work. He's crazy!
i quit playing june last year.. don't even have 3rd abyssea yet. going to be dorking around on low level characters for while
jam session soon - TfknC
Got to hold a newborn baby just two hours old!
yeah for sure - but procrastinating politicians will figure something out in 2032 I'm sure. Hah
yr real voice is sounding more and more like yr impersonation of yr parents every day :-)
Just woke up in Miami...music day!
So over guy drama especially When im trying to get ready to go out
Hey Christina Aguilera, you should really put some more clothes
Got out of work for Wednesday!! Going to see in Madison!
your welcome boo :) what city you reside in young lady?
Dancing around to my baby <U+E106><U+E106><U+E405>
Beware the ides of March.
You really asked who's taking, smh #CIAATourney #OneCity #OneSchool #TwoTitles This is our house!!!!
R.I.P Nate Dogg
I love u wish plz follow me
For tomorrow's Urban Garage Sale, we're bringing SUPER CHEAP amazingly priced items! Wanna know what!? GUESS YOU BETTER BE THERE! ;)
JUST ANNOUNCED! George Hamilton will star in the national tour of LA CAGE AUX FOLLES, coming to the Hippodrome Theatre November 1-6, 2011
Love you Jules!!!
Cowboys fail. Better yet, Wade Phillips fail. How in the world can this man keep his job.
Kenny Chesney released another album. All of the songs are in the key of "Kenny Chesney".
NO DONT GO
why u jump in my mentions in the first place if its only opinions? U may fall for her new shit I don't I like the mix tape nicki
Shawty said "I know when he add a new number to his phone and delete it he can't play me" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> inspector gadget face ass
lol I'm going for a ride later ;)
Oh lunch is going to be provided by Jambalaya Girl again this year plus tacos with locally raised grass fed beef from
Wonderful! RT Loved it. Will be back lots this summer. Had been looking forward since 's piece in
C'Mon. Vogue.
Fear what you dont know.
WAKKKK. TWEET LIMIT ON MY OTHER ACCOUNT :'( </3
Thank you! We hope that you will like them!
enjoy the little things in life rule
#RoseBowl this year felt like a game for the ages. Much respect to both teams for going until the refs stopped you. #GoDucks!
Whoa! I was unconsciously walking without limping? That's a big improvement! Hello, world!
Tuckered out after water polo.
Waiting for to write about the seven stages of AE / supporter grief.
happy mother's day pattie! i love you from all my HEART <U+2665> thanks for everything! beliebers love you <3
follow me because your cool like that ;)
Thanks for the add.
whats with these dumbass trailers for trailers their doing for movies now? i hope this fad doesnt last. first prometheus then total recall
KLAC is reporting that Peyton Manning for sure will not play in the NFL again!
hey i miss slater
A roaring comeback by Eastbound & Down. Fucking awesome season premiere.
Screen printing shop is up and running. Who needs something printed? We beat all invoiced prices!
Happy New Year from your IncrediBull US friends. We've had a great 2011. Welcome 2012!
My car will be delivered tomorrow morning!
Glad i could help mama ! <3 Thankyouu
Juan on Juan ... Lmfaooooo
I can't wait for prom tomorrow to see all the bitches I hate with ugly dresses on.
Oh, hey there, SF. How's it going?
this is awesome, your tongue is so fake...
i thought it meant facebook for a second hahaha i was so confuzzled.
i know it sounds horrible but where going with family friends and were just walking xx
Pep assembly today for UCHS boys basketball team for winning sectionals for the first time in 25 years!!! #goodjob guys!!!
25,000 people are having sex right now. 50,000 are kissing. 70,000 are hugging. And you... well you’re reading this
My phone died nia D: Sorry - Tyler
He Studied Mayhem
Hm. You're very transgressive looking. Thanks for the follow!
yes it was amazing!
While I am sorry kiss fm is gone.... I love my sport n I am happy for ESPN on FM. # 1 on my radio
“: The only time someone should say "boom" is if they are exploding”
I need a caption for my profile pic. How about something along the lines of what I'm looking for in that pumpkin?
new display picture ;)
It was decided that I'd tweet it b/c I'm the one who doesn't know you. Specifically to make it kind of creepy.
Shock me like an electric eel.
I'm speechless
i <3 my sister
Everyday parade in LA traffic?
I love your new twitter background!!
“: Sydney Traffic - ACCIDENT Car, Pedestrian - SURRY HILLS Elizabeth St at Devonshire St”
Big thx for great time at Science communication is important!
Bouta go visit the civil rights museum and stand on the balcony Martin Luther King was assassinated on..
Here's to a better 2nd half!
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 9
Doing well with the channel catfish right now
in your neck of the woods today - you around?
Just saw Jay Z wearing an Oosthuizen cap with the sticker still on it
« stranger! -_- » you have my number!. :pp text me i lost all my contacts.
Oh, gonna see if it's on my Kindle!!!
Its groceries. Who cares! RT : This isn't even a debate. Wegman's > Tops and it's not even close.
Not sure if the the penguins cant hold an early lead or the Flyers play well from behind, either way I like Philly's chances
indeed he is.
You're right, they run them but execute? RT : I think coaches are mostly running pick and pops now.
Poker tables!!! Up to 75% off! www.eproducts4less.biz
RT : Hello #downtownmiami Tweeps! We've changed our handle. We're now
damn my printer broke
I'm believing with you, my friend. I'm proud of the work you guys are doing.
Mitt Romney: "I'm not concerned over the plight of Lana Del Rey"
Ty is great, have you checked out his music?
Everyone becomes invisible in the land of dreams
Andy fixing the computer like he fixes his xbox may be the funniest scene all season.
Another #TGIF moment. Watch the movie Growth... Wicked flick. Check it out if you're not doing anything else. Anyone seen it yet?
M great dinner tonight!! Grilled Ahi tuna
finally put a picture of herself unedited! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
2NITE! PAUL OAKENFOLD & Body Painting @ RAIN in The Palms COMP ENTRY! Ladies FREE/Men reduced. Say yr on "Sheila's Guestlist" @ Sunset Tan!
Haha! With ya on that one
you're welcome(:
I love - so did my dad.
Don't forget to vote today!
My flip flop just broke #wah that means I have to go buy new black ones
superb. Brendan Benson rocked. And he looks just like a younger Lindsay Buckingham.
What happened?
#SO to those who
I was just gonna tweet you that!
Party is good.. I like this crowd
you bet chief
Just Reduced to $775,000! Beautiful 3 Bedroom Spanish home in Mission Hills - Open this Saturday from 1 - 4!
The Miracle On Ice, Buster Douglas Over Mike Tyson, Appalachian State over _ichigan.. any of these sound familar Tarheels?
About too take me a nap
At 8:45 we have Noah W. in studio to talk about the Vintage Guitar Show going on today thru Saturday. I heard he brought some cool guitars!
you see it but others don't.
Drawing Club is in residence at the AAM expo today till 6pm. Come join us!
Sleeping is for sissies.
You can bet that we will pray for ALL people!
says its live at 11:35 sunday night, not taping.
gr8! Shooting email now! :D
That's it RT : Hey...Hey. The Spurs have won 15 games in a row. Haven't lost since April 11. Uh, yeah.
The biggest enemy of learning is the talking teacher
Watching someone who is high give a presentation is the funniest thing in the world.
Lots of thank you's to get to! Here we go! EROCK
Pumpkin spice lattes work miracles!
via Postal Service Celebrates Another Awesome Day Of Delivering Mail
My mood these past couple days >>> smiles ((:
Expecting great things as ALWC gets ready to worship our GREAT GOD this morning at 1030. Finishing our #WINNING series up
Finally got to see The Wolfman yesterday. Nobody will ever play the part as good as Lon Chaney Jr did.
4th of July is around the corner... What do you have planned? Vacation? BBQ? Tell us what you are going to do.
Can we please score already! We are so close!
First day at my new internship.. Hello corporate world!
Gearing up for Superbowl Sunday!
Try our new BLUEGRASS POPSICLES bluegrass = (blue berries, hibiscus, orange peel, and berry leaves)
I need a miracle stat... And the iPhone 4 is nice but no miracle. Def need to talk bro...
I think he's with his girlfriend ):
There is something wrong with my phone. Any GIRL call it for me to see if it rings?
: morning is always the best time for me. It wakes up my brain and gets me ready for the day!
- Yay, back home! How is
no worries. I might feel the same way, I haven't made up my mind yet. Fun series to watch though. Who do you like for the finals?
i fell asleep !
Throwin' up West Side, cause that's where I reside !
Nope ever say u gay
Let us know if you decide to buy the ring - we will help you find a good coupon code!
do you #hashtag when you talk at the dinner table?
who thought sporty spice was best spice girl. had the best voice out of all them but couldnt say that when was 12 cause she the "dyke" one
I owe you an I/O joke!
Omg I need to smoke to calm my nerves n go to sleep
Neck kissing
Kill those kids with dads and moms
I used to play the song "Splish Splash" on repeat while sleeping, because I couldn't picture evil spirits making an entrance to that song.
I hate everything east coast in terms of Bias, but the pre game Fenway ceremony was pretty freaking sweet
6:29 pm ET kickoff? MT #BCS source to SN: want to make the champ game--through the 4 teams + 3 games--more like the Super Bowl
One of my new years resolutions: To break the 10,000-tweet mark.
RT : #Libras have the kind of presence that energizes and inspires greatness.
How many #RObotz bought 's #RObot bracelet? The winner gets flown to hang with Ro!
please DM acct info, i'll see what we can do.
You can find them on Twitter
I love watching people try to run in snowboard boots.
if you ate bread like me you would learn to like it too
On a lighter note, I'm loving the new cd from
Don't believe Niecey Bash son soft ass on tv crying because he getting a tattoo acting like a little girl
": hearing Randy Moss lit it up today. "looked like the old Randy."" #savedhislegs or
off to Mickey D's :) who doesn't like mcdonald's!?
Welcome to my fantasy team, Jeremy Lin!
"I want to put a ding in the universe." -Steve Jobs #occupywallstreet <--SO DO WE!!!
Woke up covered in sweat but with 115 text messages.
Rise and Grind Beautiful People #LightsCameraAction - XavierLT.com
“: The awkward moment when you're singing and someone asks if a cat is being strangled.”
they supa wack for that. Smh forever switchin stuff up...on the bright side we still have : )
Literally 99.9% of all artists have other people write their songs. is not nor will he EVER be unoriginal.
Oh! Trying to confuse a girl. Your a tricky one
Felt down all day, then realized it was just due to a coworker's terrible Pandora station.
same here, im mature for my age. That's what people like about me.
not a problem
No luck in the woods today. Lots of birds, just not in range. Hit it hard in the morning.
Lotta watery puffy red eyes on Idol 2nite. Not contestants ;)
The 3 IDF are heros. They risked their own lives to stop the terrorists
No cell phones at the wheel! Let's think not of the lives saved but of how this law might affect Alec Baldwin.~D
Game Set Hatch
Today is a great day!
#OETC12 right now, Colleen Macklin is showing you how to make a game of game critique.
That sports massage was bad ass.
Always listen 2 Ur first mindset
People keep asking what I did this weekend for Cinco de Mayo. My response of #freecomicbookday seems to lead to confusion.
Whatever the woman cooks.. :)
Pretty funny. Thanks for sharing.
Well they birthed NASCAR ....
Just tried to send a message on the site, but I'm getting an error. Any other way I can message you guys?
I'm greateful 4 all the beautiful tweets, tonite!! :)
do u know us? I dunno but please be kind www.Facebook.com/fastcarband we promise we don't sound like shit!!!
polar bears can jump. I've seen it happen.
Lots of rain today in Vancouver. Still having fun traing. Its nice to be able to work indoors on a day like today
This is a reply back from my phone as soon as I get on line I will accept your invite thanks for the love
Im looking for somebody that can talk and love me somebody that will hold me;)
funny how one person can make everything so different.
In Seattle prisons, the leading female gang is called The Sisterhood of Aryan Pants.
Just went down a 10 story slide #nasig11 ! Yep, working!
Kids bored again!
Yay! more hidden treasures in the garage. 2 typewriters. Royal and Remington
#Imagine Niall grabs your waist and won't let you go. Niall:"Look at me!" You look him in the eyes. ''You're beautiful. Do you hear me?''
thanks! If you're ever in town on a weekday feel free to stop by.
alright, about to see what this skyrim buisness is all about
I loved that movie
Like I've said .. I wish you two he eat of fucking luck #Bullshit #WontLast #AnotherOneBitesTheDust <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
and i are native :o( RT I'm in a room full of folk who are native to this region, and frankly, I'm frightened.
Thanks for RT's and the networking!
NEVER we love you Ian
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people. If they care, they'll notice. If they don't, you know where you stand.
I'm bout to do y hair and then make a #YouTube video!!
My mind just seems to can't comprehend the fact that you left
do I have to buy anything or is it just health tips?
Excited to go on a kayak tour when I get to Key West
Maybe yours will meet mine somewhere in oblivion.
well then you shouldn't go to
Yep. And bounced into the upper deck. Stretcher.
Wow! That's really awesome. There are definitely some tools I'd like to borrow.
WHAT IS UP WITH MY TIMELINE? It won't load any new tweets.):
" RT if you're watching baseball right now and tell us which game. #MLBFC” #Dodgers v
I think it's sad that some of my Facebook statuses are better than some of my essays.
I can't help it, I'm a hopeless romantic. <\3
Ha ha. Jokes on you! Those weren't police reports we were filling out. Those were mock drafts! - Deion Sanders
& if everyone else fails , I know my breanna will be there for me . Always has been & always will be.
haha. Not taller & heels. Taller IN heels (yes).
Johns Hopkins employees don't know how to clap along to blue grass.
Just finished a two day class with Savvy Actor. Learned all kinds of techniques to help actors market themselves well. Highly recommended!
“: speaking of alumni, at Studio B with holding auditions!” // Love it!!! Hi Nils :)
It's a good game! It will be even better when the #caps win & I can go to bed. I gotta go back to work tomorrow. :-)
when your with me dork!
Sleep is the best drug ever!
I had a great time, too. You guys are the best!
Baaaaarttyyyy Crouch. Junior. :O
excellent will keep you in mind when we put our field team together. Thanks for reaching out!
Researching network monitoring systems, mostly #argus #nagios #zappix. Looking for something that works with
Wonderful!I'm very sorry for the late reply!It just popped up now!My ipod does that sometimes!Lol So anyways Hi Amy Again:]
MT : Q6 #BVBchat Engage n activities tht mobilize constituencies to make change 4 students of color & low-income students
Hey! can I ask you something?
If I were to chose between a 1D concert, Austin Mahone concert, or Justin bieber .. I would go with JB.. Always have, always will
Just one person I wanted to talk to today that I can't. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Just watched the reply of Marshall/Southern Miss on CSS. GR8 win 4 THE HERD! HERD so talented but must play with the same passion in CUSAT..
Family today, naked tomorrow<3 I'll post pics Sunday of my cute outfit<3<3
reasons not to wear a bra ;)
Who feel like texting. Dm your. Digits
Good morning!
Another former athlete takes their life. Sad man. One to many shots to the head? Only thing that makes sense, makes these Guys unstable
when you get a Step Ahead your ride is never late. Safe Travels!
RT : Does a business card count? [i have some duct tape. diy stickers, ftw]
damnit Briggon! I was hoping that msg was for realsies. Jk I didn't get 1. And I hacked u.
Dude In My Mentions Is So Thirsty -_-
Strength in numbers. Honor in creed. Stay Drivn.
Thanks RT So glad to receive an e-mail about lecturing at My alma mater knows how to pick great lecturers
Happy Pride!
Running at 6:30am seems silly. Perhaps you should come enjoy a latte at instead of working so hard. The jazz is on me.
Thanks for the article! I find it interesting that it's geared at "young people" :)
For the wages of sin in our lives is death, but Jesus said paid it all. The ultimate sacrifice for us. Remember that this weekend.
lol, I know what you mean.
thank you!
#AAPOR: We are the 99% (+/-1) = the conference t-shirt
Are you really tryna threaten me with I won't I see you???
I'm a Hufflepuff we're true to the end, united we stand, so I stand with my friends
you are good ;)
wanna renew our friendship tomorrow?
Riverside Coffee House in Missoula has really awesome internet... I am happy to say I am tweeting on it.
The funny thing is, he thinks he's the lucky one.
Honestly i just want my Friend Back
launching my twitter!
i can see it in your eyes, your angry. regret got shit on what your feelin now.
Ray Finkle, former nick name, "The Mule"
or maybe you are here..
my drumset's a guy so that means you're gay, you fucker!
How is the food quality there? I have been wanting to try it but I did not know it was already open.
Sitting sideways like we did in high school on the bus to work. Everyone (well 20% still here) seems mentally in vacation mode.
#lovegettingtold happy birthday even when it is not my birthday....
RT Start your weekend off with SOUL DIVINE in 505 Fusion or catch SON COMO SON in Lucha tonight!
Well I'm not work although I do work from home but insomnia gotsta 2GO!
Things will never change..
Must sign off Twitter to work on sample of our newest release, Frank J. Edwards's debut medical thriller FINAL MERCY, for Later...
Follow me? Please =)
the guy i like Zack Rodman??
Grenada Chocolate Company chocolates have arrived! Come in for a taste! 111 St. Marks Place, NY
well can u bring me bathing suit please and behave well u make decision u grow ass man so night I'm just gonna keep dancing
Mother, you know I'm sorry, But sorry's pregnant with remorse And when remorse is born, remorse won't see An ounce of child support.
kayla im about to freaking bawll im scared as heck !
Just iMessaged my mom in China and iMessage reported instant delivery! Technology rocks!
on my #BestDayEver flow right now
HA. me too , lucky people all famous and stuff :p
Look at Lefty, all everybody talked about all last week was Le Tigere, he is on!
holding back mindless behavior
Disturbing.....so have some soup?! Haha wow
me neither
bored as hell..seriously need new ppl to tlk to -.-
I'm reading these FSU/ACC tweets and think that this is about to turn into a gigantic clusterf***.
Congratulations to Drew Gordon and Caroline Durban on bring named first-team All-Mountain West players!
Good to see you both last night! -- cried myself to sleep because I missed seeing you....
Happy Mother's Day including the men who are doing it all & being both parents. Enjoy your day ladies & gentlemen.
to hangout
ha. he was sending me rude "doping" Braun links when i already told him i didn't want to discuss it
way to go dude! You deserve it!
Congrats all!
Just discovered that a book I illustrated lives in the collection of Yale's amazing
he's not going to his daughter's graduation at all bc she gave her mom more tickets. How petty can you be? It's HER day
sowwy I'm being a stingy baby with this one.!
I'm so close too 600 followers. I know that sounds lame cuz almost everyone has 1,000 or more followers but its exciting for me :)
I hate when I take long naps.
Finding myself adding "-stackoverflow" to my searches lately--esp. when i need a broad overview of a topic rather than granular bickering.
On the Lighter Side: Brown steps into kangaroo shoe-do
pulling out my inner 8th grader with
Call me
Doing some international alpaca investing?
Hey can we bring the kids fitness test into the 21st century? Remove the sit ups! They cause #diastasis & other spine problems!
it's because he's so perfect #SoTrue and I'll see when i get my mac for my bday
glad to hear you like the MSKCC library! You should follow us if you don't already...
Shout out to my girl she is a MUST
it was u!! Really cool meeting you, hope u make a deep run in 2012
Holy economics budget project. First three months officially DONE. My eyes are burning from looking at the computer screen to do this shit.
Breaking news theres nfl season
P.S. Tweeps, I'll be back from vacation next week! ¡ Besos y mimos !
Soccer with the cousins ;D
So good right? Lol
Hollywood blvd at 11 pm on a tuesday... Is just sad
Watching on Common Law. Dope.
It's time to vote! Exercising my rights:)
I'm gonna pow wow like crazy tonight.
Always happy to spread the news gospel! See y'all tonight TX reunion dinner!
Props to the new Quiznos here in Chatsworth! Great people working behind the counter and they said they would hand out my business cards! :)
We are allowing interns to work out of SD! Are you still interested? Email for details. Thanks!
Hey , #UWMPantherVision won itself an Emmy last night!!
lol good u need to be!
2 words your never here (hey boo)
woohoo!! Go girl!!
The shitty humor this generation makes some times makes me want to be born in a different era.
AP todays my 24th bday can the biggest Viking fan get a RT?
it was an own goal by Brazil, but we will take it. Come on ladies!
Crash + burn
Howdy ! I blog young adult books beyond bestsellers, Tweet abt #learning, fun info, brain, cats
In London w , but also thinking re Boston Pops: What's your favorite contemporary patriotic song?
The thing to remember is that Black genealogy isn't just Black. Be prepared and open to discovering diverse ancestors.
With at wondering "Has the US lost Latin America?"
wow that long
Shouldn't be that way, but there are some user objects that it is just so cathartic to delete--like lighting a sacrificial bonfire.
be a sick matchup. I say KY.
If you holla loud enuff somebody will hear ya
if you got sing videos can you please tweet me the link thank you :) <3
so fuckin bored im so tired and horny
staind, James Blunt. Man you listen to some shitty music.
#incollege i met a lot of lames
I ain't go walk a 1000 miles just to see you, but I'd ride my bike
"Made the mistake of saying "oh yeah, we can do that" to every DL idea and request." Nice insight.
Ah I see what you did there!
negotiations on new CBA to start in a couple of months and rejection of realignment is early indicator of NHLPA's position.
i miss how We used to talk every minute of every day & how I was able to tell you everything that waZ on my mind. I mss our conversation
We'll be open until 8pm through Dec 23rd! Don't miss all the twinkling lights and trains!
Special thanks and congrats to , and Columbia for putting on such a wonderful program today on fair use.
Anybody watch #Dexter tonight?
hurl? Wtf bro?
Nice our basketball team is in the state championships! Let's go Desert Warriors!
I got my picks for tonights games on #TNT video blog up soon #Knicks #Bulls #Thunder and #Blazer fans #NBA Fan check me out #RT 6
Haha! RT : Trying out the Farragut Crossing for the first time. Nerdily excited.
Sun....come back....warm my soul.
I want to make a Facebook account and the name will be "Nobody" so when I see stupid crap people post, I can "Like" it
Prayers for Charlie Maude Thompson of Ohio. Who needs a special prayer today?
I answered all of them b4 midnite, but I just wanted to add that all of the songs were by Van Halen in case that was needed
omg!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> haha I was shitting bricks that night! I really thought we were all going to jail<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5> Cesar like a champ took the blame
Who's watching ??? Who's it gonna be Karen or Ivy???
A key ring is a handy little gadget that allows you to lose all your keys at once.
Watching transformers 2 - its better the second time after the initial disappointment of seeing it in the movies...
What do you expect?.. You kno ima C ;)..
that show was incredible! And you played for 2+ hours straight!
Ricketts can't even run a baseball organization let alone comment on the POTUS! Baby steps, Ricketts. Worry about Championships!
Obviously I can't have my own opionion without people freaking the fuck out.
dropped my eyeliner in the toilet. fished it out, patted it dry with toilet paper and drew up the most spot-fucking-on amy winehouse eye.
#NP Ft. & "Counterfeit" Morning Show
happy mothers day grandma :) R.I.P. Joy Williams, i love you :*
- Dude, you need to come up with some fun, crazy, and Silly stunts to involve your Penis with- then u can take over the world!!
My Outfit Todaay <<
NaLee a vividly rich mermaid fantasy book, the beginning of a trilogy NaLee2010.com ebook only $1
"First sunny day of the year, time to dust off the fratty sunglasses and my disc." -Some pale bro in a lax pinnie
Obama supports GAYNESS? #fag ..
"people are talking bad about me?!" haha, sorry you got hacked
Oh geez.. Sometimes I can't believe my brain!! I feel like my life is a comedy reel.. At least I make life interesting for those around me
whoo's still up. no one? okay cool.
not much here either same old same old.
thy rod and thy staff they comfort me. {more sheep imagery}
Richard Fish: "She told her that you told her about what she told you. I'm in the middle and clueless. I feel like Elaine."
Me an Daniela running up an down the street yelling GIANTS!!!
well Jamie Moyer is like 82959288492949274636 years old....
#Follow our manager
We will be posting an entire video of #CSuite feat. Peter Bernard on our FB page. Stay tuned.
iWanna play w/ a girl head, like niggas play w/ mine ! iono why doe -_____- but shiddd, ima just keep it real AINT no other way
I want too
#HowToAnnoyFolkAtWork Ask your coworkers if that tattoo/piercing hurt and stare at it
... Seems kinda quite over there in Tenn .. No more tweets we landed manning ...
'Knicks' Play Winless Washington Wizards Tonight. If We Lose I'm Gonna Throw A Garbage Can Thru Sal's Famous AGAIN.YA-DIG SHO NUFF
Trader Joe's
I'm keeping count. Any more questions, message me on my personal. Goodnight :)
First yell of BS at Michelle Martinez. Things getting testy.
State of GTD: 's Things has no cloud sync and has no iPad app. Still looking for the perfect solution.
Your bacon addition makes me feel (almost) virtuous abt ordering the "plain" choc PB shake!
Don't chu be holding back .
Past 2 weeks I'm 5-4. One of those losses was a +175 dog.. send me your pick(s) for tomorrow
Any Fans > Arknasas Razorback Fans > Shit In A Can > Laker Fans.
“: Gilbert says they want to build with superstars not around them this time around” TAKE THAT !
Wow didn't think hearing that would really piss me off.
thx!! but my gift to myself is to relax today :)
Don't wanna go in this damn job!
I'm waking up at 7:20 to iron my hair ^.^ but idk, estimate how long you take to get ready i guess :x
Can't wait 2 c uRT:Have bn thinking abt all day since tweets.Heading thr 4 an early dinner in
It's a sad day in Miami!! Chris Quinn was traded to the New Jersey Nets!! No justice!!
say dat ... u gotta fuck wit me ... thas where im at too
My dad makes studying impossible
Bro , I'm ok. Injures kill our season!!!
100% of the shots you don't take, don't go in. -Wayne Gretzky
An entrepreneur at a 9 to 5, with limited flexibility & creativity is a Caged Tiger.
Wow, Penthouse Pet...of the YEAR?! Good lord man, that's awesome!
Hopefully one day, we'll move past that by teaching our own children to love.
i'm gonna go eat mac n' cheese , then i'm going to start this weekend over again.
ikr! but theres other websites with it on there. i played it yesterday ockermans retarded
Hey everyone follow #letgo is fantastic!!!
stood me up last night & I had to WALK HOME!
Poor Mr. Spider. BTW, congrats on the raise!
I serve a God who is greater than this world. Praying for my city today.
why is everyone obsessed with one direction?
I hate feeling like crap.
CHECK OUT THE WORLDWIDE TRENDS!!!!! #600KMAHOMIES <3 SO PROUD OF YOU, :)
I'm really excited to see your goodies! :)
Finished Brooks' "People of the Book". Since I'm a librarian w exp. w rare books & conservators, I loved this story of a medieval haggadah.
Niall, I can't wait to see you next year in concert! <3
Relief is your bodys way of saying "i told you so"
Today in 1812, no war happenings occurred. Check back in tomorrow for historical events!
shortly @ #EWGreece... stay tuned for some cool Entrepreneurial news from Athens !
If I leave the office now, I'll miss the end of UNCA-Syracuse. As an Asheville native, I'm staying put.
Some have stopped selling but not all... Not yet.
Best gift of all, spending time with someone you love, even its for a little while. <3. FJM.
Not really :) I should... but I just love airplane wifi and there's only one way to get it.
RT : top of the morning to you too sir :) I'm on clock now at the #WorkHouse ttyl :) Be Safe. I get off around 5:30
#SOTU #Obama Ending statement: "The State Of Our Union will always be strong."
I know I'm a bucks fan so I'm happy. Id be pissed if I were you too. Was hoping for Curry, I assumed Monta was untouchable
Did Alvin teach you that?
In Silent Spring, R. Carson quotes Jean Rostrand, French #biologist & #philosopher, "the obligation to endure gives us the right to know."
I'm worried about the #Rox season...
We'll love you just the way you are if you're perfect.
Class act for sure!
RT : HUGE night ahead with !! It doesn't get any bigger or better than Jennifer Lopez
RT : How to build a leadership brand as a telecommuter? Prioritize 1-1s, phone over email, proactively reach out to team
We want to hear YOUR #HCG P3 tips! What advice can you share about any tips or tricks you have for #HCG Maintenance?
okkie goodnight c:
might be worth a roadtrip to Cleveland
I LOVE YOU MOMMY
well im having surgery 2morrow nd im scared ..... if jb were online nd we lkd i might feel better...
Anytime, B!
The LCC Faculty Jazz Quartet MICA Gallery, 1210 N. Turner Street, Lansing, Michigan 48906 4 p.m. Sunday, March 27, 2011
Spent the last hour watching old videos saved on my phone & took a trip down memory lane
RT "Get ripped without diet or exercise" I like the sound of that. Surely its not a scam
Two generations that were unable to go to bed without their stuffed animals or blankies now feel the same way about their phones.
Great message to wake up to. Thanks so much JT! Can't wait to see you guys soon.
How may days im go wait/How long im go wait/before u say we go date/when u go take the bait/but if u dnt take it i bet another girl will/RNS
Ah Fcking Hiccups !
HAHAHAH. "tequila makes her clothes fall off"
(Lord Byron) The great object of life is sensation – to feel that we exist, even in pain.
Good men are bad men that are good at not getting caught-download free- InSpotter app
And bed time. What a might.
Another decent TEOTWAWKI / Survival / Alien Invasion flick: The Darkest Hour.
watching it online lol....couldn't go to the movies so I brought the movies to me haha
good work!!! Love Gus and Sam and Jess
One 50lb bag!?! Well that's just my winter coat, makeup, and shoes. Oh gosh!
You should come see me in Chicago!!!
Probably more important than that. :)
Nothing like a Sunday morning workout to start the day!
i loved it! cute movie with great life lesson. I was sad to find out the zoo is all the way in Europe! Lets go in April!
Kowba: Our ability to borrow $ will b based on credit rating. Wall St. doesn't care about quality education
lol not no more
oh sorry, that's for me, gotta go. Took the Batphone off the hook, Commish is going to be pissed!
Building my new website...Byron- HELL!!! :)) Bella Fitness Group coming soon!! Changing lives, fighting obesity!!
If the GodDa*&ed I-Tablet can get me a Permanent Frakken job, that would be flippin awesome, otherwise: Jobs, Steven; suck-it!
it's about dang time you followed me! :o) You need to update your profile soon, huh?
Sleep>School
Even if you are afraid do it anyway!!
PCI rules say you should store the CC data securely. But it still lives in a database somewhere... Return/issue/exchange
Family time this weekend
Yes! Because the owner constantly fed him hot dogs. Poor guy.
In turbo mode...
“: Nothing really changes until you do.”
@ the Library: dearest co-worker, I am about to go home sick from the foul odors emanating from your person. please stop.
#ohdear! RT : To my fam on twitter: Not receiving any texts/calls as my phone is currently in rice in a ziplock bag.
What have you been cooking to use up yourThanksgiving leftovers?
Day 2 of dumb ass sighting. I had a guy 1st give me thumbs down because of my PBO sticker and then give me the finger
that's more than I did. When u r in the actual run, your adrenaline will carry you far too. Wait and see. Love your AVI btw. :)
Addicted bro? lol
Its delicious! But at 10:30 at night its not too smart :( Bought it at the bakery at the new H Mart in Hartsdale. (Korean)
I didn't think about that ugh
Should have went to the studio.... I feel like singing
Did your iphone demonstrate any warning signs before it died? I wonder when mine will blow up...
That's how I feel about the hyphen in my domain name, but now I have both! Bwahaha!
I hear the nba "MVP" ran away from taking a clutch shot like forrest gump ran from that red truck! To be the man you have to take the shots!
This is a all smoke screen by the politicians to get us all to vote yes on May 31
Don't miss Blitz tonight. Gonna be & awesome party for First Thursday. Food and Drink specials, Exit Demo, awesome Local artists and Lunatik
Take everything you like seriously except yourself. ~Rudyard Kipling
William = Yum
We like it! RT : I swear I will! Castle mega store. RT : you wont go. Lol.
How dare you fucking kick Ashley in the head.
then i like to have one hog at DT and one athletic type to drop into coverage etc
The guy who plays Tom is oddly attractive. and Mike. but he's dead.
Anyone know who are the best printers (from digital) and framers in NYC?
I'm freeeeeeeeezingggggggg
Not me. I'm a #BMOC. Haven't you heard?
Took an hour to get from 4th/Santa Monica to the 405 today at 5:30.
How do you tell your roommate "Dude, you always make the house smell like corn chips. Close your bedroom door"? Come on, April. Wanna move.
Just picked up taco bell and Ghost protocal...gonna try not to SLAM within 24hrs
"Engage everyone. Show & celebrate success. " I'm so glad #pep does this everyday!
Good to see you #CentralWaters #taptakeover last night. Sorry I couldn't have a drink with you. Another time?
Audience participation for ZeroTime Operations: bring vinyl feat. clarinet, synth, drums or bass guitar. To be incorporated in performance.
Celebrate #MLK Day with #HappyHour at Moe's! We have 1/2 OFF APPETIZERS & TAP BEERS until 6!
We comply with the HONcode standard fortrustworthy health information: verify here
Really? A hologram?
Working hard, so I can play hard, and feel good about the weekend! (test message)
Four qualities that make you an achiever: awareness, self-control, courage, and determination. How do you size up?
Today is National Dress Up Your Pet Day! What’s your dog’s style?
Who's going to be at #AWP12 ?
Am I the only one who tries to figure out how tall people are when i watch tv?
awww thank you dear! You're really nice and amazing as well!
It's really hard to do this project with every website blocked..
"Believe it or not, Americans eat 75 acres of pizza a day." -Boyd Matson, TV journalist
Cool! Have fun!!! :D
so I Wonder Wat The Annocment is
$FEEL.PK on high alert, trading +164% and big volume
;-) Sorry about that. BTW LOVED your presentation. Great ROI on your contest I'd say
Did something happen at port authority?
- I would say that, in general, the World is not having such a good day. My day, however, has started out pretty good! :->
": Handing in your final and giving the professor the "Aaron Rodgers Belt." TFM."
Coming up on Sunrise a preview of the President's visit to Albany & local residents head to Albany to push for GENDA legislation
In need of a manicure is an understatement.
See you at the ball park
Two: its said that men go through four stages in life, make sure you understand each stage and know where your man stage
Taking down the picture wall! It's been real.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness. :p
pimp what up big bro
RT : Sometimes I feel like 50 Shades of Grey is just one big joke that I wasn't let in on.
nice! I wonder if I know them . . .
“: Nothing like last minute "this is what we really wanted" changes! ” Wurd! next it'll be "Make the logo bigger" Blaahshshsshahshd
Happy New Year to all my Twitter Fam!
Hey everyone .! I haven't been on here in a min. But I'm finshing up the song stuck probably tomorrow .! Y'all gone like it <3 - Zaona :)
“: Heading to Home Depot to buy a cat trap” trying to catch some pussy? ZING!
I'm going to erase you from my life as much as I possibly can.
my dad's teaching me how to change my oil.
I hate clothes the color of highlighters and V-necks down to ur belt buckle.
Let me know time and place.
how about on your next off day
I have a tendency to pay more attention to the things that I need.
my pick for GOTY is red dead redemption hands down such a good story and crazy ending this game is amazing in so many levels
#RejectedFuneralHomeNames Dwight Fry's Discount Disco
what - is there an Avengers movie out with Emma Peel!?
#Kings looking so strong these days. Great to see. They looked so "off" for the first 3/4 of the season.
Watch your back !
RT : “A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life.” -Charles Darwin
nothin much how you been....
"You just wanna take a faster ride..."
Stop the traffic. LET 'EM THROUGH. So who wants to take me to a One Direction concert...? ;) =)
With & friends <3 Exactly ONE WEEK until the concert!!!!
Wow that's dope. How'd you like it? They've got some great philosophy of race work coming out of there.
i am never ever ever going to be a chemist
That's the best thing I've heard all season! Thanks!
All DC Public Schools will be closed today, August 24, 2011 to complete damage assessment of school buildings.
Hi, I am looking for a short story editor to do the critique on first drafts so I can rewrite them. Do you offer services?
I loved having in Org. Behavior... He was such a trip! #ThatBoyCray!
Being a shallow bitch will be the death of you. Just saying.
I have to read over 300 pages by tomorrow. I was supposed to read in the summer but never did. Oh well
Smh im about to get real emotional
I do too. It's fun to hear ppl I know.
After months of bitching about the heat, I am now, in my winter jacket, about to embark on a hate campaign against the cold.
Perhaps, but I sometimes have problems with the racial identity literature. Have to emphasize structure too.
Must have been sweet! RT morning I attend the Mission Impossible Ghost Protocol scoring session.
": "People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." — Dale Carnegie"
I bought some Sun. night b/c I don't want the season to feel like it's over.
Sure, 8pm? You in Venice?
They certainly did. All kudos richly deserved…with bonus of celebrity cameos by !
The irony of that is that health insurance companies get to decide if they will allow someone to be treated.
thank you so much! I really appreciate the support!
I'll listen in, looking for one for myself to complete the iOS family!
Support your local Search and Rescue unit. Get lost.
Be on the look out for info about an awesome event that will happen next Saturday between 1-4, sponsored by the Greenleaf Review!
hey guess what, i don't care what chemical reactions occur in cheese making. i hate organic chem.
Screw not being 18. Could be out @ the club...
I feel like watching Easy A again..
are you gonna Skype tonight?(:
Hangin out in the park with alex. Watchin people fish in the hudson
Good Mornin' Today...Goodbye Yesterday :-)
I love huskies! Mine is named phoebe. 8 months old! I will definitely follow
Good Mornin DARLIN HOW R U are things shaping up for U
if Rondo gets a game does that mean stumbling and brushing a ref is = 1/7 of a crushing elbow to the head?
Someone just said: Believing in #Obama is like believing in Santa Clause."
The theory that Eastwoods character "Preacher" was a ghost in Pale Rider was also shown by his bullet wounds on his back.
my mom is judging me hardcore right now.
Pics of pet parade coming soon #dogs <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Good morning you guys. Up early to work on the cover of "Call Me Maybe". Going to sound so different from the original.
Hang in there man! Can't wait to see you in the NFL
You poor thing... :P
Think the Groundhog will see it's shadow tomorrow???
Amanda, your last name was in yesterday's NY Times crossword!
An OT, dear Lord, an OT.
you wit out me, is like corn flakes witout da milk!
Going to see with ! Catching the train soon! Woo!
#SAYSOMETHING IS NOW MY OBSESSION AND FAVORITE SONG!! <3 <3 *.*
RT: Anti-Meth Measure Clears Oklahoma Senate Panel. - In other news, 7-11 stocks plummet.
just back from Chicago. The Wii game is looking amazing! Get ready!
OKC, Spurs, Boston who ever they see 1st lol
I know. My eyes and throat are burning! Oh, the misery -- only about 8 more weeks of this...
It would seem that to certain people, "publicist" implies "someone whose work-life boundaries I do not have to respect"
Officially filed as a candidate for City Council!
Use two-sided arguments to make points. Approaches that admit multiple views R more convincing than a one-sided litany.
Just heard on #NPR: PD James's new book is Death Comes to Pemberley. Fave mystery writer in Jane Austen's world. Must read this! Soon!
Happy st pattys day. Have a good night everyone.
Not even close...
"Meg,daddy loves ya but daddy also loves star trek,and in all fairness,Star Trek was here first"
Canfield silences the crowd with completion to James Rodgers
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Brandon Roy is one of the great 'coulda-woulda' players, right up there with TMac, Jamal Mashburn, and Grant Hill
I see the love in disguise .
Hello, fall. Welcome to New York! Have a great Friday everyone!
IT'S THAT TIME ALREADY?
Be there as the puck drops on the 2011-2012 Rochester Amerks season tonight at 7:05 @ the Blue Cross Arena. Back with the parent Buffalo...
I spend most of my free time mapping out connections between exam readings. I'm teetering between "A Beautiful Mind" & drooling insanity.
Come out and catch our Friday fish fry and make sure you order lobster bisque and home made potato pancakes with it.
Haha okay! :D
of course I will :)
We had a great experience with Hawkeye Painters -- very thorough prep, very reasonable estimate.
Nope, I was at Leahs. But I made it to work on time :)
sweet! Hope you have an excellent time
Time to Chill with a Big Fat Bloody- on special today. JC
I'm going with shedding.
My deodorant melted in my gym bag. Welcome to Tucson in the summertime!
GRANNY GOT SWAG
Just Wrapped Up My Hair, Time To Lay It Down.
BREAKING NEWS - Trivia Question for chance to WIN band will be posted at 8pm EST - RT this tweet & follow
Going out without my parents knowing. #Swag. Or not ?
Great show tonight by Love this band.
On my way home to blaze been a long day
Eric Wedge only believes in runs saved by second basemen. RT : Not to pile on, but I think Saunders grabs that.
the "list" is that it is always presented by DeMaio in a manner that makes the ave Joe think "union" ripoff.
Im getting phone calls...heck Im on the phone now lol
Forecast for Monday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog. Lows 53 to 58. Light winds.
An #INSANE BLACK man is one who DREAMS of success without effort and with LOTS of material things, women and DRUGS...honey SMH how
I have the Timbuk2 H.A.L, and am very fond of it. Feel free to come see. (Also: TB2 discount via work. Nice.)
Nights in Paris used to feel so bright. Rather stay in my hotel, talk to you all night. Evenings in London never felt so sad..
go browns!
Jason McCann :""""""> can you victimize me?
Spent most of today reading history. Late Antiquity is important in the development of Mysticism in both Islam and the West.
Lakers won too lastnight feel extra good today
check out my new blog at: zinministries.org
I love Wikipedia pages for fictional characters.
You won't end up with a design like using landing pages and wireframes
Would love an opportunity to collaborate, and support your future threadshows!!
To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others. Albert Camus
Why is it hard for guys to tell us the truth from the beginning?
heck yeah
Are you serious!? Congrats boo! Tell Brian I have a bone to pick I wasn't asked permission!!! But I'm happy! Sad I can't see you
To do list: 1) Change Facebook name to 'No One' 2) 'Like' peoples statuses.
who's down for Saratoga springs back to back dates in June??
trust me haha
My perfect boyfriend is'; Clark kent.
.___. well this is incredibly late, but it was a very nice pleasure meeting on friday. c:
It is okay to feed your cats cheese right?..
good luck homie
This is the absolute worst timing to get sick :(
Oh he was. He also had mommy issues :(
was it your birthday? Happy birthday!
Watching WH Correspondents dinner. Do women in DC exercise? Have they heard of Spanx? Many ill fitting dresses.
your gone for good.
What is your favorite twitter app for the iPad? And why is there no tweetdeck?
Happy Halloween! :)
thinking about making another music video... wonder if anyone might be up for drinking in a bar sometime....
Idk Maybe You Should Try Folling Someone Tomorrow And See What It Say
Welcome back Trekkies and Jedi's alike for #ComicCon 2011. We don't pick sides.
aww *-* okay, just say me where do you live and give me your address and i will hug you while you are watching the movie
great movie have fun
Wish y'all good see what I see
Just heard a girl say "but I have three ipods, so... " and felt like my ears would bleed. Somehow they weren't.
Would play my music louder, but my little sis is spending the night!
Many a rain cloud has a #Silva lining. : Could be end of the line for him. RT : Red Sox release Carlos Silva.
Well I discovered why I cant get laid.... Im a butter face to a female's eye
Please resign and let someone else help the middle class!
Anyone else notice looked like he was on verge of tears for winning? LOVE IT
it says I reached my follow limit lol. When I get some more followers I will. Promise!!!
What a gorgeous day!
thank you!
Comedy show this Sunday @ Starlight Ballroom hmu for tix
hey you...will the single with you and cassie be on your new album?
Two weeks and counting till the move! So excited about our new place :)
Why was six scared of seven? Because seven ate nine.
Damn u Verizon stop teasing me with the could've been LA PHILLY final!!!!'
RT : Hosted #Gates Foundation staff at Rotary headquarters yesterday. Good discussions on continuing our work to end polio.
Feel so immature... But finished the scarf and am getting ready to start the next pair of socks.
so glad I finally went!
j'adore!
Seriously. Who DIDN'T see this coming?
"If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich" ~ John F. Kennedy
About to start the mini-Cage-athon of National Treasure 1 and National Treasure 2.
Again I hate to fly but in this business I'am required to travel a lot. And yesterday's scare was a bit much for me.
"Option 2. Pure awesome but a bit of work (which I'm happy to do)." From our programmer. <3
“: Over his past 11 games, Josh Hamilton has 9 homers, 21 RBIs and 18 hits in 41 at-bats.” ridiculous.
ask your mom if we can borrow her van, so we can be cool kids....*sarcasm* lolololol
pro-banking? really? I like that it emphasizes being mindful about money. break it down, figure out its value to you ( )
$100 to anyone that can get me either power smoothie, here comes the sun , or juice bar right NOW!!!!
Yes it is!! Don't skip the shopping! RT Yes! Shopping at is a must :)
ISML looking to run. L2 looks amazingly thin. Could easily see 100% or more.
Headed back to wichita.
but I finished a couple pages I making my Sis do the rest and she's actually goin to do it!!! Lol
thanks for the RT!!
On an train stopped for over an hour on the tracks in Upstate NY. Switch problem up ahead.
#valentinesday will yet again be with and for myself!!! Which is just fine, think I might send love bombs to friends tho!!!!
Lunch buffet 8.95 and dinner buffet 11.95 at New Delhi!
is it safe to say that susan b. anthony was a big lesbo
Got it & replied! Pretty exciting stuff!!
omg he is soo lucky cuz his father is gosh !!!!
I saw a Verizon commercial featuring... You! Unfortunately when i yelled, "KLITZNER!" Everyone thought i was a freak
Help: Need Valentine drivers now($8/bqt) to all NW towns. dispatch: 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
Pretty much living the day with a phone attached to my ear. I've spent most of the last 7 days talking and listening.
"It's a David and Goliath story."
Tell me who you got in the Celtics-Hawks series.
Damn near everything I bought today was PINK! I love it !!!
Hahahaha RT : Red State can get even more weird depending on who you watch it with.
snow plow just cleaned of parking lot..think it'll help? :)
I swore I would never smoke
Yes...what ae the next steps?
Well at least I can complain about this lack of stream with all of my dear WoSo twitter friends :)
I like Cincinnati .. but then I just want to get out of it. Its a love hate relationship. Hahaa.
haha. I wish.
That 3 by Pietrus was the best #Celtics possession of the night.
you just became my new favorite person :)
New ABC Family original series "Bun Heads" about ballerinas. Weird. Cutting room floor??
I'm on the road to riches but its just a lil traffic
It's Welcome Wednesday! Jan-Pro Sac Welcomes our newest cleaning client Summit Eating Disorders. It's an honor to keep their facility...
Thor, can U handle a possible penis fracture?
Sheriff Andrea Cabral: If people don't engage in the political process, they get the government they deserve.
Tulsa police helicopter circling TU, apparently looking for a white SUV.
So, yeah...you know ? They'll be at Craftin' Carnival! No big deal. Just AWESOME globally inspired & locally created cuisine!
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
I missed my appointment for a boob job.
Thank you Dave Grohl for keeping it real. Rock and roll for life!
check out those glorious east coast dates on our myspace page! <3
Ohmygawd the SciArc supply store is my happy place
At church with
so excited to see your most recent wedding shots!
I Like the Way You French Inhale <U+2665>
just followed u:))
Lets go Huskies!! Destroy the Gophers!!
it was great seeing you last night at the U of R reception. Congrats on the Edd program. You can do it!!!! :-)
The brilliant Dutch composer Tristan Keuris had just begun the work I commissioned him to write, when he passed away.
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else. Will Rogers
No problem whay ed reed said about flacco
Any McCurdians wanna chat I'm bored as ever and it's not good to be bored on a Friday LOL
always thought Broncos LWright > Lester Hayes, too, but Wright never up for HOF like Hayes has been. Wright was the better cb.
i decided startin next month ima release a small mixtape every month while im workin on my full EP.then everybody gona kno i grind hard
watching the very thorough Mark Wallace on Creative Live
That might work, though I'm hoping to have a maritime flavor.
your soo lucky i've never been there!!
Check us out! www.blockstarsonline.com
Well I know that you are a loser so it's not a big deal
Yo... Those orange Os jerseys are blazin... Gotta get one!
I just so happend to look outside & there are these kids playing, one of them tripped over the curd and fell. I'm laughing so hard right now
Awesome is the Lord Most High! #Worship rehearsal today totally blew my mind! Talk about a #HolyMoment ! We Give You Glory Lord!
I am salty chris henry died
Playing it safe with my #MarchMadness bracket and predicting UNC to win it all. Anything but Duke please.
Stop bothering me. Thanks for your prompt attention to this request
I'll bet what motivated the British to colonize so much of the world is that they were just looking for a decent meal. Bloody right!
What u know about Young West on a tech track good looking Nate Free .... Stay Tuned!!!!!
Common now Bubba
I don't have an id. I'm still working on it. Lol
let's hope :)
Drinking game of the night: I'm doing a shot for every phone call I get regarding BLVD #ChocolateAle. It's going to get weird
It's So good!!!! You've Definitely improved :)
left!!! It makes you more athletic
I got to explain to a parishioner this morning why our Issuu-based e-Magazine wasn't showing up on her iPad.
no need for crashing... I'll need someone to get wild with me on the dance floor :)
I would like some new colors and prints as well.
credit is nice too!
Tomorrow= Burger night #Baltimore Get 5 SuperSonic Burgers for $5.95 after 5>Only@ 8212 Liberty Rd location>cant use w/ ot promo
SLEEPAWAY CAMP is so full of bizarre weirdness and freaky, memorable characters. No wonder it's a blast to watch the 35mm film with a crowd.
Former Spurs guard George Hill gets the start tonight for the Indiana Pacers in their playoff opener against the Orlando Magic
Taxes filed. As usual Federal is giving me nothing but I am getting big money from State.
I know the feeling. ;D looool
Katie totally should have let you know about the little gathering on Friday. I didn't have contact info for all. :-(
yes u got to install it. Its safe to install tho. Sorry I had forgot to tell u that.
Super happy I got to hear #saySomethin at the beach the other day! with haha
Hey! Happy
Spoke to crowd of 2000 plus last night and gave out close to 30 care packages! Philsfriends.org
wow convenient that i'd lose my ipod as soon as i get a new phone
Watching one of my favourite episodes, Lucy gets her pass(a)port
grossest thing youll see dude. Gonna look mutated
At Groves there are regularly scheduled social events and activities
hope you are well my friend - let me know when you are ready for some consulting!!
RT : Archdiocese of Philadelphia announces High Schools to remained closed until strike is settled.
Why do vegetables exist, they're so gross. The only green I eat is M&M's.
RT ": Poor Tebow ;( " he'll be alright tho. Hopefully he can play for his hometown or something. You can't pass up Peyton.
I have powerful ways of finding people, Marilyn. :-) Hey, are you also following ? I think you'd like it.
when #Blazers were down 37-7, was that the earliest in franchise history they had ever been down 30 points?
it's def a step in that direction. Only been to E.Africa so far.
... That is insult to injury and I am buying you a really, really, really big cookie.
Thanks ladies for the #FF shout-out. Right back at y'all and have a great weekend!!!
Haha I have honestly gotten that comparison before. But I'm flattered thank you! Gonna have to listen to more Butch Walker
why the f.ck am i still in chicago bored outta my mind learnin Spanish.
nothing wrong with a little disco nap.
This week need to go FAST -.-
yes, and I hate Kane more, but then that makes me hate Taker more because he birthed the Kane gimmick
Thanks for the promo on #TXScotRiteAccessLux!
Hey I want to win a pair of VIP tickets to William Shatner #InterConITK ”
If my class for writing a business plan is teaching me anything… its to stop planning and get to work.
"Digital brilliance has always come from understanding how to collaborate with very different types of thinkers"
I'm not laughing cause I'm actually crying on the inside.
Made myself a mega-sized ice-cream sundae that I can't finish....
This time #Durant put #JordanHill on a poster! Say cheese Lol
there were 12 congressman who change parties
Tonight tonight! El Cid. 4212 Sunset Blvd. We play at 11pm. Free as free gets.
If you're headed out on I-15, heads up: 3 right lanes blocked on NB I-15 at Rancho Bernardo Road. via
#IUPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :),
Thanks Blaque! Great to hear from my favorite female DJ on da planet!! I need to speak wit u soon. I need a big favor! Hmu.
Plz listen 2 K-Love right now every1! Someone just donated $10,000 dollars in Krystle Knowltons name! Honor her memory!
the public founding is coming from rent of the new stadium by teams not taxes
adele's voice still amazes me
but now I'm not because I know you aren't
They're all looking for you. You should turn yourself in.
need help finding a cofounder for a summer accelerator in Cincinnati, know anyone there?
RT : "PR is in the behavior business, not the eyeball business."
It sounds as if you've achieved your 'Daily Heaven' today!
The challenge is over after today, the future is now...
DO YOU HAVE SOMEONE TO ASSEMBLY YOUR HOME FITNESS GYM EQUIPMENTS ? WHY NOT CALL US ? EXERCISE BIKE, TREADMILLS , WE ASSEMBLY THEM - DC MD VA
You hear the one about the chicken who was too lazy to cross the road...?
hahahaha serious #BigFail merry xmas friend im so glad youre in my life (:
U dumb lol!! I ain't gone tell u, my boyfriend is trying to get u talk to his brother smh!! They want U girl :)!!
Save the Date! 9-10 June | RCS: "The Application of Craniosacral Therapy to Optimizing Visual Function" by Ingrid Bacci, PhD. Details soon!
When did Alex Witt start preceding #uppers ? I thought she followed
me too plus it wouldnt make sense requesting stricter drug testing if ur at risk of failing lol.
Love the concept (and name) of DIY's Blog Cabin. Viewers not only get to vote on features and blog about it, one gets the house at the end!
Without it, Resveratrol would degrade or be filtered out in a shorter time. It’s kind of like a natural time release mechanism.
Applied new layers to my Foxtrot and Waltz tonight. Ballroom dance is very difficult and very satisfying!
so, if yer a NYYankee fan, do u ask: why cant #ccsabathia pitch every fourth day
How you gone get mad wen I unfollow but you wasn't following me???
UGH! I can't shake this cough! :-(
Back from #Bonnaroo, how are you?
is even worse! lol
yeah I was told that this morning.
Oh dear, so sorry I'll be missing your session! You'll be sticking around, right? We can talk afterwards ...
Your New Album is Amazing :P
Ready for that "all over" tan - no lines... in T-4 days (I am going Sunday)
Tell that bitch to shut up.!
You're a Mean One Mr. Joe West
OH DANG. i forgot. i'll try to get it donne. c: i've been ever soo busy, but i've got all this week off.. so i'll finish it (:
“: There are 4,503 regions in the US where more than 3,000 people share 1 dentist.” <<<Pathetic 3rd World Country in Health Care
I fucking hope #angelina leaves!!! Stupid bitch!!!
I miss you too and I'm doing good what about you?
Free? We aren't just in business for handouts! :) RT : I want a free shirt. Please and thank you.
AMEN!!! That is a SAD FACT... Choose you friends wisely
THAT'S THE BEST PART RT : and I just wished each other a Happy Mothers Day and we aren't even moms. lol <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Anyone have the link for
Very intrigued with Mike Myatt's thought process and blogs.
*looks between you two* there's something wrong with Al? Yea, chris is very smart *smiles*
RT #indy this is round 1, round 2 with damaging wind, isolated tornadoes, and hail is still developing out west. timing 1pm-7pm
There's a Titian exhibit apparently.
Damn I like the way that you move. FEMME FATALE
Is that the one with the Dimler amendment?
yeah, I guess this is how you win all your debates? You have a weak constitution.
He'll probably make an impact this year and Jacksonville really needed him.
congrats ! You've won the $100 J Crew Gift Certificate!!!
that's not what she said
yup I finally did it lol
. CONGRATS on being on the NBC National News tonight! I'm sitting here watching and I was like "HEY, I know her!"
move columbus to Mke
the list is up: 40 Food Trucks battling at Food Truck Wars March 31st at Oviedo Mall
So long day session with tomorrow! 6in heels gon be the newest smash! Let's get it!
. things that need to be done are critical. just stepping in and shouldering obvious burden.
Hello Mr.Wood xoxo
I want to mix up the angel food cake batter I just got and eat it straight from the bowl.
You learn something new everyday.. Today's lesson: up til 1979 there were only 75 games a season in the NBA. Today there are 82.
Surfing on the strip
So she's brilliant, gracious AND friendly? Great to have you at MKE, Joan! Happy travels.
Hi Elvira, we'd like to hear your reflections on 9/11. "What were you doing on 9/11?" Book proceeds go to charity.
Remember to get your entries for the caption the photo contest in by 3 p.m. today!
I'm giving away coupons for free ice cream to kids at the library and kind of feel like a "hey kids I have candy!" creepo.
Mom:"I brought you to my work so that you can skip school." Me:"Thanks Mom, I love you but can i just run around the bulding and dance?"
I want to be in Vegas watching the fights live with my wife, like Stephen Moyer and Anna Paquin. I love that happy family.
You fucking lucky boy, bitch hahahaha. I live in a shit of Spanish island and I can't travel anywhere, so I can't meet her.
DISNEY WORLD tomorrow! #thatswhatsup :)
just Chicago! I'll definitely will! You rule!
Dimon: please ask for bailout. We as a country are so divided, but we'd sure join together as one nation to tell you to go f--k yourself
In addition to Lilly & Desiree, we've decided to promote Denise, Dani, and Brittania for all of their hard work, dedication, and enthusiasm.
This dude over here walking like he got springs in the soles of his feet. Like he's about to do the long jump trot at any minute TO funny!
DONT DO IT. I'm pretty sure your brain will just xplodz.
We had an overwhelming response to our Blackness writing contest, and will have the stories finished soon. Thank you for your patience.
spot on
I was expecting some hot ass chick or something :/ lol
Serving up 2 for 1 bervages all day - poolside! 3 more days left of the week....who's excited for the weekend?!
The fiction novelist in me empathizes with that statement. Cheers.
There is still time left to get better TODAY!
aww boo. :( what's the recovery timeline?
Been on the range, played 13 holes before dark a week ago. Played good for the rust on me!
1. That's fair. 2. That's true. 3. That's offensive to Canadians from Canadia.
I need to have a moment of silence for my favorite red skinnies that lost their life in the washer this morning. Sure going to miss them...
I'd bet the announcement of Google Drive will net Dropbox a few more users, much like Facebook Places led to more attention for Foursquare.
Too cute. Thank you so much!
Thank you for tweeting my article on !
I wish I could be like Kate Upton. She's fucking beautiful.
Oh, thanks Francis! We are def enjoying it.
GO GO GO MAGIC Do not let me down
:( your tweet is true
thinking about traveling to the Philly game in June #SKCchat - other than that, beating the Fire :)
Malibu. Not a cloud in the sky.
Don't you hate it when your in class and the teacher looks at you and calls on another kid for the answer. HAPPENS ALL THE DAMN TIME
everyone please follow my dear buddy > she is very helpful, sweet, and cool
One of the scariest parts of knowing you survived the day, is realizing you have to do it all over again tomorrow.
Was at The York in HLP last night...good beer but not worth being talked down to by bartenders. It's Highland Park, guys...NOT Silverlake.
this is a nice surprise. Something worth watching while setting the bar up. Thanks.
I've decided should just have an afro. Like plain + simple + pretty obvious.
#lrnchat as empowering a group of learners to work together to solve a problem and define the steps
I hate people
dennys is the spot.
I don't where to go eat...
no problem chris! will try and listen in for a little
Do u go to #Shine2011 or #TPC? I vote #Shine2011 at w/
you're gonna see some different stuff from me this time around though. You'll enjoy it
so proud of HIFI last night. we killed it all.night.long.
Drop in anytime and leave anytime during our #FirstNightAkron shorts -- each stands alone.
Today is going to be a boring day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Time is the movement of thought. Beyond thought is the timeless domain of spirit --Deepak Chopra
Very late dinner at Cafe Sphere, then home.
Planning to make it. Thank you! RT : You're invited on the bandstand at Rockwood Music Hall Stage 2 at 10:30!
What's good wit you ...you must be a late nighter as well your pic is very pritty
all new Kate Plus 8 tonight rocked my world...Not gonna lie
U guys look like Cat In The Hat :)
Excited to be game! Found out one of the players is from my hometown!
Go get 'em. Do you have any of your sermons on You-tube? I'd like to hear one.
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your opinions of Diet Coke? Ping back for more info! :-)
ANOTHER DAY STILL DREAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD (: <3 4
Our lens is vulnerable & easily clouded by the world we live in and people we encounter! Change IS in the eye of the beholder<U+263A>
My Safeway Recipt: 4 bottles of wine, 1 bottle of vodka, disposable shot glasses and jello.... Oh man this weekend
Working on some new songs, should be hitting the studio with Dave Cowell in a couple weeks
hear you ! Not the time to go running now.
how is she gonna talk about you if you're there?
Why!! “: I'm not going to school tomorrow”
#show voice over commercial 4 text message code wireless n #pagercodes iphone app Java Web OS App Developer
Not a fan of the Two Buck Chuck, sorry.
I'm really pumped. Glad I waited to see it!
good for you !
basic bitches <<<<<
I will! and thanks, it's good to be back. You and I are boomerang librarians. WE can't stay away from AZ.
...it's hard to feel the rush...to brush the dangerous...I'm gonna run right to, to the edge with you...
ya hitting up the park?
Early night in as my brain/body still recovering from intense but truly informative conference/training at this past week
Hey! Who just called me Fatty McButterpants. That's not nice.
Cool, Didn't know they had an app.
ain't hating! love it!!
i'll buy you cookies when you move as some...welcome to the neighborhood treats!
I think deserves credit for being 7 years ahead of most media outlets in addressing student debt and our generation.
#denverleadership Ersek "if you make money you can give back...and drive shared value"
#flyers tonight with bob in net...this guy is going to be amazing in net tonight i know it
Acting is my religion, and "Actors Companion: 99 bits of Craft" by Seth Barrish is my bible!
you kiss your mother with that mouth? sounds like you're drinking that sour milk.......hahahahahahahaha :x
When I'm in a bar with over 100 craft brews on tap and hear someone order Miller Lite, I can't help but think WHY ORDER THAT!
I missed any tweets from the NAHJ conference in Arizona. I needs me some highlights! Any coverage?
. 's three L's of learning: Learn, listen, look.
Do they sell irons at the plunger store?
Won my first Emmy last night!
it's never over.
First of Session 4 at #TEDxMid is , director of Patchwork Nation.
and receive benefit by conversing with God. Bl Theophylact
Biking in Buenos Aires? Why not! Great post from
How do u look suspicious walking down the street talking to ur girlfriend on the phone? How do u feel threatened by a kid? Ur half his age
Is it just me or did everyone's attempts at April Fool's Day jokes backfire? #BUDailyFreePress,
hey honey!! I called you back!
Mixing your Vulcan & Jedi credos. RT : It's Star Wars day!!! May everyone live long and prosper!!!
i made alot of tears.. i dont wanna make no more.
RT #Aries would rather lie than be forced into something they dont want to do. I.e. I already cleaned my room Mom. <-- FOR REAL!
you prepartying before ignite? :)
Lets go #Heat !
Friday Family Fun Night Plaza Branch is Civil War-era toys! Each child will make and take home a toy from the era. Starts at 7pm!
tell me about it! im gonna buy a bunch of cups from taco bell some time and stock up a keg full of it or something lol
I just spent an hour on pinterest pinning delicious looking foods & desserts
line of the day Al Sharpton on GOP candidates 'They All Have Baggage It's Just That Romney Has Enough Money For Bellhops To Carry His'
lmfao people actually do that..?!
The are with us on the show today! Watch for your chance to win tickets to the Allegheny Sport Travel and Outdoor show!
Agreed! Good coffee makes everything just fine. . .
yea, I just watched it for the first time. It's like steven spielburg was like eff yea, I'm going to make shit up screw indy!
How bout dem Bucks??
2 DAYS UNTIL AND I GET TO SEE YOU
Us too, we are going to have the AC on full blast!
I think we defintiely might have something for you! Details?
Today went great! The Angle with art-enables.org
LASIK post-op visits with your optometrist are essential! GW is the only place where it is mandatory for our patients to do 1-day post-ops
But I wouldn't mind it being cotton candy flavored... (Sorry Emmie, apparently Jaz and I are very TMI-minded)
Will someone please turn on my snooze button? #UpAllNight so send sleep remedies for Sleepless in #Chicago! #Yawn!
don’t rush me...oh wait, its a blitz talk, rush me all you want!
Dolce & Gabbana Light Blue is Great!
Marilyn Monroe's ex had fresh roses delivered to her crypt 3 times a week for over 20 years
We will be playing a 21+ show October 11th at 3 kings tavern in denver
i hope so
Do you know a child with a congenital heart defect? Show your support by joining the Mom's with Heart team at the Heart & Stroke Walk on...
Hey someone should come scratch my back for meeh ?
Why thank you!
RT : RT : Thankful for another Client! provides excellent piano lessons #asheville #hendersonville!
Congrats to all those get that paper that matters, that graduation certificate. Proud of u all!!!
there is a difference between being tan, & looking like you rolled around in nacho cheese doritos...
Especially what they did to Rose...
why is it that on the days with GORGEOUS weather I really want to take a nap?
eating disorders posters
I'm thinking the wheels of justice turn very slow here in the juror pool
Snap yo! RT Careful, sometimes they will blow up on your side, too.
Well, someone said granddaughter..but mostly everyone thinks she's tied to VP somehow. I think maybe witness protection
Confession: one of my favorite recipes is a peach cobbler gotten from home ec in the 8th grade.
Gears 3, SSX, & Mass Effect 3 are in rotation til May when "Max Payne 3" & "Ghost Recon: Future Soldier" drop
Yes. See earlier tweet. RT : It's 10:30. Have you received your first anger inducing email of the day?
Start-ups shine in Hollywood
what happened...
Thanks 4 the offer. Pls forwrd your email adrss for your FREE e-book. To purchase copies :
I think he just put brown sugar in honey BBQ sauce nothin crazy lol
If auditioning and constantly letting others go ahead of you because u aren't ready yet, it makes you look weak and not ready!
i ran 3 miles today. it sucked! - eugene
if the weather continues like this, i'll have full-blown spring fever WAY too early in the year. not good.
First time Adair saw me play basketball and she almost ruined my career
hopefully soon Mia is getting ready to give her an eviction notice
Seattle. Fuck yeah.
lol. You know it always happens in 3s. Just stay out of the music industry and you're relatively safe.
Experience Jamaica Campaign Good for Jamaica's Tourism Sector: Speaking at the Launch, Minister McNeill described the Experience Jama...
- one idea is branding a hashtag - one you love - depends how large the network is.
we talk, its hard as hell to get conversation but i listen and ask when he says shit. hes really talkative
Hey! Sorry to keep bugging you, but am I one of the people receiving a tshirt?! ;o
In love with the shirt today! Makes me want to have a pet ice cream cone!
Hey, why not change the #mla12 #funrun to a "fund run": run for #mla13 travel $ for adjuncts, NTT, grads etc.?
Dreamt I waited for for 45 minutes and then the store collapsed before I got it... never been so mad
Curmudgeons can be interesting too. i always enjoy reading him.
Casey!! We'll miss him. Send good wishes his way.
hey miranda I love you so mush please answer
I hope you are not referring to for yourself because he is mine.
naw sweetie we gonna be live
Everything in the universe has rhythm. Everything dances." Maya Angelou
It is strange that is going after Bo Ryan and #Badgers for restricting Jarrod Uthoff. This happens a lot in college basketball.
Again, Tuesday Plays: (Seton Hall -11 = Red Carpet Play), South Florida +6, Kansas State -2.5, Illinois +9, Bobcats +3 NBA
#drugreactions: If you need to take multiple #medications, consult your doctor about possible side effects between them.
Come hang out on Nov 17th at Skrappys with , us, The World We Knew, Inhale Exhale and The Browning!
I am starting to feel as if Notre Dame might not cover. Additionally, I think they might be the worst team ever with 20 wins.
not sure needs to do anything different -- creators should just think about UX before adding widgets+use appropriately
I probably would have argued that. lol
HEY GIRL. WADDAAAAP
finly back home were i belong now its time to cheak the candy my cosin is sleeping over tonight!!!
#HEATPlayoffs great game to watch after the half... I hope Bosh get better quick
Luckily im in a great mood or id be super super super pissedddd !
I'm gonna be off twitter for a while and bask in sadness. Bye guys. Oh & this is my 10,000th tweet so here ya go
not near enough, but I'll take it.
Jones, the student loan director from your bank
Todays news highlight: JFK banged an intern. In other news, I like beer and Bacon, water is wet, its hot on the sun.
At the Evergreen State Fair in Monroe. Our booth is under the grandstand. It's almost 90 degrees. I'm done like dinner. Literally.
Up and at it early again!!! Serving up #poke in Milpitas Ca, farmers' market!!!
he wrote pick up lines in the journal .-.
that brian mcknight thing is hilarious
Sox throwback uniforms reminds me of Phillies :-) I love the Phillies def. not as much as Sox of course!
Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it.
It's a sad day in Hollywood as we've lost one of this centuries most influential & biggest icons, Dick Clark. My condolences to his family.
fine dining at Pink's on Melrose tonight c'mon.
"Cheat on your girlfriend not your workout." #notfunny Man what a lucky girl I am to live in this generation...............................
I LIKE BEING AN EMPLOYEE especially when selling a service and the Owners and Associates and Tradesmen are delivering par excellence. It le…
FL Republicans reject E-Verify amendments--acknowledging they lie to voters to get elected.
“: ...pleasing everyone is nearly impossible, But pissing everyone off is way easier, and fun as hell” :) Pissing off, easy.
Drunk people+ fireworks= garage explosion(:
Happy Anniversary to Sofrito For Your Soul! Felicidades!
I loved it! Wasn't it a nice time?
Yo Starlin, when u dive for a ball & don't catch it hurry up and get back on ur feet. Don't lay there like a beached whale! Thanks!
always love the coca-cola christmas adverts, they're my favorites
your tweet me sometimes sexy
Does anyone else have trouble with the 110? Difference between timer during my run and sync results was 4 minutes!
Blue sky's today.... We have apartments ready for you to move in today :)
I m a environment researcher...i had to go to many places but actually i m from Las Vegas
No prob. Don't forget to send me your 120 character bio too :)
My pleasure. Up early to work on a preso and procrastinating. Must turn off Tweetdeck!
your choices in television seem to be top notch. Tell me you have seen The Wire in its entirety and you were fascinated by it.
I cant stop cryinq ive qotten no sleep n im n the hospital.! All of this is my fault im sorry everyone for all the pain
I'm hosting a regular food truck festival in Downtown LA every weekend. Think you can help or put me in touch with vendors?
Goodbye #relayforlife Relay ....here 26 hours.
Who Will Save the Sane?
True & an aspect I hadn't thought of - bridge btwn readers. Fan/reader reviews. I'd been thinking of Booklist and such.
That reality when your coffee cup is empty and your out of coffee. Well, time for a #whiskey then
where's the orange?!
“: I'm too sensitive lol I'll never get a boyfriend.” you are! 'You guys would be cute!' 'You saying I'm fat black & ugly?' <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Love this from : Kurt Vonnegut once wrote, "The practice of art isn't to make a living. It's to make your soul grow."
The new concert series will start soon. Keep an eye on our website, for dates and venues.
Might be addicted to rasinbread.
Now are sounding tight! Love a band with some swagger. Thanks for the onstage shoutout!
Obama not Constitutionally qualified is illegally in White House. His views on anything - irrelevant.
Bored,Back Hurts, Pissed, and Alone #awesome at least im not dead
yikes! Hope you're ok (physically and emotionally)!
Just added the newest Unifire circular saw blade. It's for special ops and has some great features.
Now that Eoi, testing is done all we do is watch movies. :) #nowwatchinghop with
my bad im following now
two teens in a red apple were taking pics with a nikon camera... weird
Yum! Glad you liked it!
" A man is usually more careful of his money than of his principles. "~~Oliver W. Holmes
Nice blog post. Each one of us is a better person for getting to know you Steve! :)
I've joined the production of "Up All Night". Proud to be with an amazing cast & crew, especially , &
Sposato: Get the data right; you can change the VIVO display; better to do that than falsify underlying data for better look.
I concur golo!! Changes need to be made!
why let go ? Dumb! Not happy!
MIST is great!
FINALLY in Utah!
Sorry 4 not tweeting cross-conversation. It's really good. Spencer Tickner of BC suggested common publishing, lots of agreement.
“: I always start my day with a clean face but a dirty mind.” lol loves that
Save me a Slice!!
Well, on to more craziness! Dually inspired by my new friend TED.
Haven't had this much fun in a long time - really has his undies in a bunch now!
U Cant Touch me in dat ~! Whatchu kno bout it ~?!
well.....I'm kinda I'm Austin. So y'all can have lunch.....lol
Just talked about Hockney today. My class decided his iphone drawings are the new mail art!
*coming back to the house* *packing the food and preparing the cooler for drinks*
why thank you! it was fun.
Test baby. Aw yeah.
that is awesome!! Did you take this?
Why did I just fall off the bed because of this dog? Bed hogger. -_-
A:It can do nearly everything from preparing resource files, to encoding coversions to localization QA tasks. Defintely in my top 5 tools.
Chill my mom had something yesterday
DAYLIGHT PONZI SCHEME: Yo. If we set our clocks back every week, we'll keep gaining hours. You're welcome.
All these bitches going at 10 mph n not using turn signals n shit. Fuck you so much.
it was jumping around 99-02 now that was some real
Taking Riley to get spayed
Please report! Very interested in hearing more about cc:
Rumor on twitter is that Harrison Barnes is going to make an official announcement later today...
Today was the most amazing weather in Coconut Grove for a park party!!!
Is Vince McMahon watching this?
Jacket or Trip to LA ?x
well ok lmaoo
The CIO Wears Two Hats: Isn't IT Enough?
this is about to get interesting..
Ryan Grant baby he's back 7-0 Pack!!
i see,but who's your man ?
Berryfolks far and wide! Strawberry flavor is @ Fenway with Original and Maple-Almond! Try it with some Taza Chocolate on top, it's back!
Love really dont cost a thing but life do
I'M GONNA CRY SO MUCH TOMORROW THANK GOD I DON'T WEAR MAKEUP
"Why'd ya call me today with nothing new to say. U pretend it's just hello, but u know what it does to me to c ur number on the phone."
You can make a difference. Support Local Independent Businesses. Make some change in your local economy.
ABC has GOT to let them have a reunion movie/special in a few years PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
Here are some of our top picks for the best quotes of all time on business:
Lottie's Lounge - your Columbia City lovechild.
have you ever seen cats the musical live?
Can i get a bag?
IM SO EXCITED FOR TONIGHT, LOVE YOU!
Yup. I love it. Shirtless <3
No problem. Looking forward to seeing the show.
Cowboys schedule about to come out. Fired up? Indifferent? (Taylor)
I remember when chokers were cool.
Catching up on #lastmanstanding with the parentals. Actually a pretty funny show.
Greg Monroe, Luis Scola, Lou Williams, Andrea Bargnarni, JCrossovers Tat artist
im calling the police!
i dont even know if i should go to sleep or what:c damn
Curious how you discovered this? RT : ha ha! Google the word "Askew" and watch what happens.
Being sick puts the kibosh on weekend plans. Ugh.
Issues come all the time, they only remain when they're given attention.
Agreed RT Jean Desravines: change in laws is not enough, there has to be a focus on execution and implementation
You can't call someone a whore while your boobs are hanging out of your shirt, and your ass out of your shorts.
My dad is so weird but then he is grand also haha
HELLO THERE]
Steelers vs Ravens! 9/11! It gets no bigger than this! HERE WE GO STEELERS, HERE WE GO! #NFL #SteelCity #CityofChamps! Lets get it!
I don't like to repeat myself. If you keep w/ the same nonsense then my next response will be me cussing you out.
just got a shout out from the pilot on our #jetblue flight. already the best flight ever.
Hurry up and wait, the name of the freelance game.
is bombay open on sundays?
Thanks for all the good luck wishes everybody! :)
good morning
oh my god study i took it today bombed it so bad.
I got out of mine cause my major was horses... so I just had to ride.. :)
Stop your freakin preachin and lying. I dont wanna hear it! When i wanna hear it, ill ask you. Until then, shut up.
im always here to talk<33 and okay! :)
Thank you! So glad to hear from you.
Someone folded my underwear into tiny squares and they smells like pure clean magic. Only one reason why drop offing laundry rules.
Knowledge is power
Andrew Ference is unreal! Don't forget your teeth behind the net, Neal! Karma for your teammate's embellished acting.
Naps are amazing <3
When your mom leaves you at the restaurant....
Hey guys! We just got most sizes in for our Captoes (White, Brown, and Black). Up Next: Wingtips! w00t!
Nick Nolte is a walking PSA for Cocaine and Alcohol abuse.
RT Looking for a rooftop in Nashville for a music video shoot tomorrow. Anyone know anywhere I can use?
Almost all #Birds require more than just seeds to thrive. Variety is important. Feed pellet diets w/ proper supplements.
Wow! The sky just opened up over Miami! Much needed rain.
did they have a player representative?
I don't need the class! LOL, boss thought I might bring techniques back to my preso class!
scratch scratch sniff sniff
To its best Sunday performance of the season and was the No. 1 trending topic on Twitter in Canada
My t-shirt idea for #BBN: 8 is NOT enough!!!
yeah Doug you been neglectin'..
Ha! "Like all smart women I started my quest for a new man, knowing I'd soon be quitting my old one."
sets the tone for the stock market. Should sell stocks or sell short for profets. Season of the BEAR started weeks ago.
thanks ....let us know what u think
*This is an unbiased, favoritism-less congrats to Badger Nation!*
omgg I didn't even know :o how are you?! & what time is it there?!
No. They still sort of mystify me.
Typing "penn st. sex scandal" into google doesn't seem like proper word association. Now will try "penn st institutional irresponsibility"
Bunbury rest looks
Unexpected right!?? THanks ;) RT love the looks! grey and yellow look really good together ^_^
Thank you for such amazing storytelling. With fashion, even.
it would help if we were getting more hours. Crappy job.
thanks to your amazing hairdresser
it only sucks sometimes but most of the time it Just blows
solid point. and omg im dying.
One thing I've noticed (even amongst writers I love): what's with the hate on semi-colons? There are absolutely times to use one, I think
lol but im pretty sure,their after both. ;)
Free Berry Chill if Devin Hester Scores a Touchdown! Go the following day for a small yogurt topped with Hester's favorites!!!
How often have we said that before?! MT : ... Now if they'd only bring in Reveen...
Hours- M-F 11am- 4pm fri and sat nights 10pm-3am. I work and cater various events in which I may close any of those days
I support obama for 2012 and Shaq for Sherriff
It was so obvious, I could feel the chill! Great acting, great writing!
Vernon Howard~ Your central self is totally untouched By grief confusion desperation.
Chill thankin God for life
i love your idea...maybe I should work on that as a side project to see what I can do with it...hm :)
Help, I need an intervention for my ridiculously loud typing. Anything I can do to my laptop to fix this?
I live by the water. I want a one man sub.
Looking forward to Real World Go. Then bury myself in appengine and related.
Great week @ Training Camp & Sponsor Summit w/ in Rancho Mirage. Gonna be a great season!
Great game by Marcus Davis 20pts and 14reb and good contributions from , and .
I want Avicii's Swedish fucking balls
I hate waking up early when its still dark out :/
Four hours of sleep and two glasses of sangria and I'm out of commission. Is this what being a mom is like?
In order to be an #entrepreneur, you got to be little CRAZY!!! Lol
I like to keep plastic containers for take away lunches and for storing nick-nacks that litter my drawers.
Will b jamming to ROBYN & katy perry tonight!!!
I absolutely hate that melange. Drives me nutty that so many restaurants only offer that veggie option.
drop-down arthritis?
That is great! Thanks!
um up wit my bitch cuz i luv her her name money s/n da early bird gets da worm Gm Twitter
Where you at?
I thought I saw emergency lights near Main/Rangeline as I was coming home, but I turned at HS back into my hood.
Goodmorning! T.G.I.F
It's National Bike Month. Did you know that in 2011, Greensboro was ranked as a Top-50 Bike Friendly City.
Sat at dinner w/ lady judge from Cameroon, lady lawyers from Nigeria & China & other internat'l lady activists. Time for me to globetrot.
Good morning all! Doing some #1940census #indexing arbitration to start the day.
Much work as you do, you must be closing in on billionaire status, haha.
Just to let you know, your shit does stink. It stinks like shit.
did ya'll see that video that was done by an 18 yr old of cancer patients set to Stronger?
How's it going bro?!?
It's weird how I had a dream last night of the school flooding and now I look at the news and rivers are flooding.
It's a pleasure to meet u Joe! I've been spending more time in the booth than online lately. Catching up on social media today
Baby, baby, baby, oh.
RT To all politicians who claim to have written a book, I would ask: "Please talk about your writing process." >>GREAT Q.
I think ' own could be two degrees away from a Liverpool Director of Communications appointment.
Looks like the Broncos gave up on Tebow even before the pre-season started....
Thank you, I love you gorgeous! ;)
Yeah I did that search as well, which is I why I figured I was probably not missing context.
no way! I love the guy!
too little too late. Newt crushed the debates and people finally are realizing he has solutions that will work.
We are perfectionists & hungry to work all the time. We are entertained by every aspect of business and never want to stop working. S Welch
thanks Clement! Hope you are having a nice weekend~
I'm already here. Hurry :)
did we put a time on it..? Wasn't it just finish before u..? :) x
": .. Great run for #HundleyNation, huh? Proud, proud.". Agreed. Very proud.
Never stop believing in your dreams :) x
I bet knows. RT : NFL teams are 12 for 12 according to Jon Gruden. What were the odds?
Yeah, they showed their youth yesterday...Won't call it a wrap yet though.
I went to the JoyFM concert earlier and they wouldn't let me bc the stadium was at capacity! First time that's ever happened @ the forum!!
"As hard as I try, I can't seem to get you off my mind." Sept 6 2009 Facebook status. EW.
cheers dude, was great!
we're in the back at the green tables!
..activated and alive, too many people fighting just to survive, another day, another dollar, another way of the world
It's National Pretzel Day. (Really?) I need to find a good soft pretzel in San Diego. I wonder if they exist?
correction, I had sex with Katie.
lol I'm on vacation dude but sorry about that
Make it roomy or Jeff's fur won't fit.
Who loves #sxsw? This startup!
Simba: hey uncle scar when im king what will that make you? Scar: a monkey's uncle. LMAO.!
praying for you!!
if you cant be confident and like everything about yourself, how can you expect anyone else to like you???
And one of those 2 teams could be, in a manner of speaking, QPR. Congrats champs!
Poised Creation has heard your requests, we want to bring you music the way you want it!!!
If phase transitions really turn you on, try watching paint dry sometime.
Landscape architecture for older people? No scope note. Wonder if it means geared to older users, or for older people to create.
just making sure you saw this >> : Hey, : We have the tables in the middle of Bailey's Tap Room.
Big monday was not bad monday.
#NowPlaying – Stefano Noferini – Tom Wax - Keep Off the Grass
To through with fake people,, im so blind sometimes. #DoneSon!
RT : #ThankYouSteve #CNNTonight RT I found out that Jobs passed away on a device he imagined and engineered. He will be missed
#3WordsOfAdvice follow your own advice
Bet you didnt see that coming.
seriously? You're packing treats? When does the road trip begin?
Happy V-Day everyone!
“: u have to know that is ya hottest follower.” ohh am i? :o
Well said!
Brilliant. You win.
do you ever sleep?!
A light heart lives long. William Shakespeare
Oh my goodness what a beautiful day outside <U+2600>
If only authors still had the copyright on their own work to be able to give their research outputs to other people!
Need food. But have been in bed all day and have nothing in the house.
so fucking gone
...and has an article too! Just tweeted it.
i miss when we talked and we stayed up late everyday <3
OVC championship in HD
Up early!! Who else up?
Steak n shake (:
“America’s children are beginning to see the benefits of an education reform movement.”
Note to self: Join The Seattle Perl Users Group
A shout out to my friend RomanPI. He started filming his new tv show on active investigations. Im honored he invited me to be on his show.
Things That Need To Stop Hating On Each Other... Follow Me
Wait a minute. 175 acres of resort property?! I'm so there! Perfect place for my much needed R&R!
that makes sense. definitely something that often seems paired, so a good way to explore/address it.
Lovely morning. Quality tunes playing. 2 more great reviews on speaker cable (including Stream 16/2). Brilliant customer emails in the inbox
ALL of our students are registered to vote when they graduate. We take pictures once they are our "political equals."
#Granderson's 122 runs scored is just 13 fewer than his # of hits. All other top run scorers are about 60 below # of hits.
Need a gym patna tonight. Any of you chumps bout it. Probably need it. Lol.
OKKKAAAY here's SONG #2 Maybe you were needed up there, but we're still unaware as why.
I know how to spot a fool, they dont ever shut up.. if you speak it you don't know it.. if you know it you don't speak it..
that was the play of the game. 5 point swing
The best compliment ever.. "You are something else"
I'm so bored
don't end it you are the best omg
Good morning, all.
I'd pay like 750 a month to get cable with no political ads. The fact that some people take them seriously is scary.
soo there's this little restraunt in the little city of Crowley, TX and it's called Nickey D's... it is the cat's knees and the bees pj's.
what time? And not tomorrow Monday right?
And a hole in our wallets!!! “: RIP Steve Jobs. You left your mark on our desks, on our ears & in our hands.”
Great tour of UCLA University Archives and Biomedical & YRL Special Collections yesterday. Thanks to for the reception!
That's gonna be one lucky kid!
Wishing I didn't have to wait in line for #Christmas #Shopping #decemberwish www.inlinewaiting.com
Remix. Tis right here is my swag all the boys on me down tis right here is my swag facebook me at or toninkajj.
Taco pizza! If you missed it yesterday, vamos!
Kobe salty hahah.
I am waking up tomorrow at 4 am to go to California for adobe max. Not looking forward to that!
is booze & food included in this suite or is it separate?
my pleasure. Have a good day.
Plenary session on private company investment in higher education -- problems & opportunities
Excellent! What did you find?
Tip to get a full day's water: Fill a 64 ounce container at the start of the day. Make sure that by the end of the day it's gone!
Happy Birthday, neighbor!
RT activity at its highest between 2-5pm ET, lowest at 9am, and also later in the week
Trying to get into #antm again.....so far, so good!
Yes, if you embrace the #EeroSaarinen vision RT Were mobile airport lounges ever cool?
sorry I didn't wave/talk to you at the mall I totally didn't even know who you were at first. lol
haha Well it's a circle so there are no bad seats! :)
you just made the best decision of your life. Be ready for the most fun year of your life next year, seriously
this summer is going to be insane #beats #bass #morebeats <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+008A>
i love you.
Does it matter if he is number 1 keek??? lol my answer: no it doesn't
George Lewis learns stuff and then he graduates. Congrats friend.
Probably because they expect it to go to extra's. Castillo ok though?
Another week to get better. Got lifting and conditioning today at 1:30pm and 5pm. Let's get after it again today.
Brangelina nuptials: Think exotic, wedding planners say - USA TODAY
Sorry but my Cats are going to slaughter KU...too big, athletic, and surprisingly mature
How are you holding up dearie?
"Rarely promise, but, if lawful, constantly perform."
Just closing the current location. RT : Really? That's too bad. Online shop still going to be up and running?
Roots Collider just rocked the airwaves of
: "But seriously, never drink and drive. It's stupid. Do all your drinking before you drive" does changing count?
A well deserved Congrats goes to fellow friend Geting his Masters Degree This Weekend!! Big Kiss 2U "Wow You Did IT! Party"
hahah I know I told you ;)
Happy Jazz Fest, New Orleans.
I can honestly say when I was little I thought by 2012 our world would be like The Jetsons
Gave a couple of days off to celebrate mom. Happy Mother's Day weekend everyone.
its not gambling when you know you're gonna win.
I have no Internet at home until tuesday evening. Guess I'll have to waste time the old fashioned way
I know you're bringing me some of those donuts <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Can't wait to see our Bingo regulars tomorrow -- cards are always free and they love the snacks, prizes, & Kareem the Dream calling games!
#myfavoritethings Happy Hour... Duh!
Next scheduled #DCDrinkUp is 3/23, but with enough interest we SUPPOSE our arms could be twisted into drinking that day . . .
Giving away lottery tickets at our Bedford Heights showroom! Corner of Miles and Richmond. You have until 4 pm to get here!!!
At the same time IDGAF i love my music, i just want more. =)
stop putting candy canes on my dresser!
the archivists listserve just linked to a goodreads group that for archives-related book recs. Bet YA reluctant readers has one too.
SSC in the Arena has Tomato Florentine soup today! Try with a half of a Supreme Grilled Cheese and you pretty much have the best lunch ever
too bad that they will be in 401k's once R's are successful in putting public safety in 401k style retirements.
let me know how it is.
We'll be back but for now just SECKLE!!!!
Who tooted away in your space?
I wish they made a perfume that smells like tanning oil
oh yea they are!
you read my mind.
Begin the day giving thanks for making it through the storm...
Dude. We haven't been following each other!
Bout to play Marvins Room and go to sleep
are you trapped in the closet like R. Kelly?!
Anyone out there go to the parade today? #GOMAVS How was it?
#consistency RT: With tonight's loss to the Bulls, Michael Jordan's Bobcats have now lost 19 games by 20 or more points
thanks for the RT! Happy Monday
My dear mother has to be the last person left on the planet that will use the phrase 'oops I pulled a boner' unironically.
Girl walking down U-circle, wearing a fanny pack and "dip dick" sharpied on her arm
#FitFact Did you know, exercise produces a relaxation response that relieves stress.
Nice Hitler stache ;-)
Arkansas AD Jeff Long broke down when talking about meeting with Razorbacks players today.
#iFOLLOWyou #TeamFollowBack #Blessings -- Thanks for the follow Lizzy... How you been?
Only those who will risk going to far can possibly find out how far one can go. T.S. Eliot
Thanks for the RT Wendy - I hope the week has been fantastic for you.
#freetebow go to the #Saints we have the best starter and the worst back up Q.B in the NFL in
If we cannot end now our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity
he said no :(
Yes, just put it in the video <3
hahaha...yes! (ps, I'm asking :P)
wrote my first successful program today for business research methods...
just for everything you've done today and in general Haha (:
I need you.
This lady (aka bitch) keeps putting wet stuff in my ears...WTF? I got her back, peed on the carpet...right in front of her - heh!
Docs apt with mommy ! Then HOPEFULLY getting my permit ..
If Manhattan had the same population density as Alaska, there would only be 15 people living there. #Denver (FunFactz.com)
RT : POLL: Ron Paul Leads Among Voters Who Find Rick Perry "Not Crazy Enough"
found u jelly
As much as I am frustrated with Lugar being "Senator For Life"
I think I smell a tumblr page! I wish I could remember to try it at opportune moments. Xx :).
I do my best writing when I feel like this... Think I'll start a new screenplay and write all night.
Now I got headache, bout ready to give this bitch a diamond cutter
what's upp? :p
Lenny...from the neck up you're looking sexy. Introducing Muse - #Twihards everywhere going nuts
Dinner: mushroom soup, garlic mashed potatoes, fish w/ mushrooms & sambal chili and broccolini-- #delicious I've outdone myself tonight :)
The last North Carolina constitutional Amendment about marriage was 1875 when they banned interracial marriage.
Party in 1st hour.
Let other people talk, you listen carefully, and they'll tell you exactly who they are.
Great song and band!
Almost scary looking, isn't it? But, it's actually the safest, easiest to use, most effective meat tenderizer we've seen....
I hate sad stories they only make me cry:'(
Headed out to and tongiht to support some homies and get some facetime with new peeps!
Idk how ppl sit around and live off the government or wait for handouts! Tf? I gotta get up! Get out! And GET IT BY ALL MEANS!
This sounds like a really fun job! Let me know if you guys are every hiring :)
Nothin' like walkin' around Beverly Hills to make you realize how trashy you really are- and I Love it!
But she keep using you as a barganing chip ...
Gypsy at 723 S St. Behind the Howard Skinner Art Gallery w/ Willie's Truck! Here for another hour!
#Greg Kihn just stopped by and we dug out old cool pics from my archives.
wish I could be there to watch my sister-in-law walk!
ohfertheloveof.... Sports media really needs to get over itself with this moralistic faux outrage
you're about to get a taste of your own medicine. hope you like it.
been Half a year since my best friend left </3
Tell to send in the Marines! #free scott
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE your work! Mesmerizing! Beautiful visual metaphors. Just wanted you to know... Thanks for creating! :-)
Finally read "Death: The High Cost of Living" and will be finishing "V For Vendetta" tonight. Comics!
Andy Reid will be a nice fit in San Diego. Has to leave this team and take over 4 Norv. Too many Eagles who simply don't care
Are you a Mego fan, too? I wrote a book about Mego Super-Heroes.
I wish you liked me.
To do the laundry... And in the bathroom...
When young and impoverished, Pablo Picasso kept warm by burning his own paintings.
Where's vacation?
There's a noon Twins vs. Angels game today - take a half day and check out a great game!
:-o even runs on my phone!
I do hit me up
Dear Courtney, Your name is prettyful.(: I love your twitter & stuff. We need to talk more! STAY GRANDD YO'~ Love, Tatsiana
my name is Ronte im from Washington DC #UPTOWN im a student.
Congrats on a great Film Threat review. Our band also often stare down at our demo and say "I hope this rocks her world".
What are you working on?
How the *bleep* does this kid have 7,000+ followers?! RT i had 3 cramp in the middle of the night that shit hurt
Best friend? Ha what's that?
warm wishes as you celebrate baby Luke's first birthday today! Post cake face dive soon. :)
Thanks all for the #TNI shoutouts. Hoping to make more of these in the future.
Steven Jobs you will be forever be my hero, RIP Steven Jobs
who do you want to win?
Gd 2 hear bk Bradley FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
u were the reason I had so many photoshop files when I installed my legal CS4 LMAO I was like yay all my files are back
“Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn’t have the power to say yes.” - Eleanor Roosevelt
Ah. I see now.
*Smiles to myself.* I love this song..
You're very welcome :D <3
BUON GIORNO! A true blessing by Jack Seileman taking place today 11:30-11:55. If you are in North Park SD, feel free to join us. A PRESTO!
Looking forward to finishing this campaign off and Freaking people out.
what! You just broke the news for me!!!! #clueless and out of touch! Off to the internews!
Happy birthday, Jason! We'd love for you to visit us sometime! Best wishes and may it be a great day!
Nyla Morrison's Shop On the menu: Thai rice noodles, sweet and sour boneless chicken strips, carrots and green pepper.
Thanks to my mom I'm getting sick >_<
Your mom is so pretty!! Happy Mother's Day !
The Pack by 6! Should be a great matchup.
why does it take so long ? 5 yrs. I get but Delk last played 16 yrs. ago ?
Can't blame the officials. We knew they would cheat.
Hey #sschat, I'm Annette from South Dakota
It's about the time when the world starts smacking you down, too.
If you don't get jealous you don't care.
thank you and alright
Please stay tuned as the truth about police misconduct is revealed
has discovered an author he enjoys reading. Her name is Carol Anshaw and he wonders if he is the only one who has ever heard of her?test ...
the audition went great. Used your ideas during the first run, but was totally clear and open for the redirect! Thanks again!
I'm working on a tour de pickles...
Not surprising...They are going to push it to violence, it's already started...
no no no no #fuckyou):
Win Win Win Brewers next the Pack.
It's cool how my first name is not on the My Player name list but they pronounce it right when I score
MY birthday is in 2 days! for some reason, i feel like i already tweeted this....
Bad feeling again.. :S
Happy Birthday
#SuperACAC #winning $75 up at the blackjack tables thanks to the lunch break. what exciting things did you do today?
I cant go to the ocean city tour </3 no. D:
no he's trash and ymcmb is trash and nigga u sayin that shit like a part of ymcmb tho
That made me Notice how Great my life is, im SUPER #Blessed for all that i have.
Home alone..walking around in nothing but boxers....
Some relationships weren't meant to be. Haha
Imu dos <3 ^.^ We need to chill soon
#Motocross fans! WIN a trip to #GlenHelen for X-Fighters on May 12! FOLLOW US to enter!
Merry Xmas & God bless
Stepping into your NEXT! RT : Less than 24 hours the journey begins! #ArrowHistory LET'S GO!!!
I DIDN`T HEAR YOU "Lol" .
Off to dinner for my moms bday!
No the prof. Latinos see the GAP more than others due to exposure. Most citizens live in a smaller circle?
yes OT money lol
Josephine yoiur slow because I tweeted that an hour ago (-_-)
Hwy 19 between Wagon Lane and Hwy TT in town of Sun Prairie is closed both ways due to a two-vehicle crash with significant injuries.
you go girl!! I'll be asleep if you need me. <U+E418>
Gospel Concert Sat. Nov 13 @ 6 pm. Donate food items or paper products for admission. Benefits Operation Love & Fire Rescue Houses.
Wow this cheap comcast cable package that got does not have VS on it. No Bruins? No #GreenMen getting run out of #Boston:). To the Bar!!!!!
The Autism community does not care if the political candidate is Republican or Democrat - we care what they do for AUTISM ISSUES, thats all.
yes!! Don't forget about except and accept. Haha
I <U+2665> EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! C': Please
he said each days a gift and not a given right...
What is the official purpose of the universe?
I don't need you. Back to only living and caring for me. Why do we live for significant others...
People seriously piss me off!!">:/
have a great graduation seniors 2010!!!!!! =]]
Ugh commercial
Great deals going on now....stop by to choose your new floors!!!!
Interesting guess!!
#BIN meeting today!. See you there!
After a few weeks of delay, winter finally arrived. Flurries are dropping from the sky in NY ;-)
Well I been running down the road trying to loosen my load, I got 7 women on my mind. 4 that's trying to mode me, 2 thats trying to call me,
Happy to be heading back to Germany in a couple of weeks!
Goodbye Freshman year.
Getting lost in an episode of
Fast little fucker
We'd love to print them for you!
Aw sorry love )':
#RHOBH is so damn boring.
nice night.
thank you for being an awesome friend to the cmc. <3
Don't ever give up. Mother Monster would never want one of her monsters to be sad.
#ThatOnePersonWho makes me laugh because her facial expressions are priceless
Odd, feeling under-stimulated when working across a multi-day event w/o a shared hashtag as a backchannel,
[Campus Bulletin] As part of Auxiliary Services Loves Students Week, all parking tickets will come with smiley face stickers!
Why am I wearing sneakers to a midnight premiere? O.o
Kiril and Rachel are in the HOUSE TONIGHT everybody just watch them make out
of course you did! And yes I watched the whole thing? The car part?
Play ball! The Brewers and Juan Nieves take on the Mariners and Mark Langston in Seattle.
*Cave Lovers.* not everyone an be fred and wilma...
Rain or Shine: Usual shop hours til 4pm. 1726 E. North Ave. First customer gets a FREE GB, Brew&Yellow, or Red Trucker Hat of their choice!
Finally finished this stupid ass shark lab-__- #brainfried/:
Booooooooooooooooord. Just listening to podcasts.
lol! there are no sandwiches here, but we are wearing pants
thanks so did you!:D oh and I put your crutches in jaryelly's locker x)
RT : Life is good, life is great. Always love & never hate. Break the rules, stand apart. Ignore your head and follow your h ...
Cathleen Kaveny: working for autonomy and solidarity means working for justice and the common good
\_/ <--that's my care cup, and it's empty until Monday.
Great discussion RE: Neighborhood Revitalization on Alliance for Children and Families & UNCA Public Policy Cmte Call
RT : The worst part about when the lakers lose is all the lakers haters that stand up all of a sudden.
Will you be there Sunday? Let's hang out if so!
thats nice :) where do you work again?
It was funny but man...my hip flexor is killing me!
worked at citi with Lew...false. Check your facts!
im sure lol
AYOOO... my mom mentioned her coworker's daughter is heading to MYL soon (Sarah Oberink) & my mom raved about my experience
Everybody makin a comeback, question is whos gonna come out next yr? last yr a boat load of artists came back ? Its a big competition
My advisor now sits on a yoga ball instead if a chair... Strange
Blown Just to the Edge of the Driveway with the Wind
I'd just tell a slut to kill her self.
just left...
one direction >>>
I need to know who can properly mount large photos in the Austin area. I CAN'T keep driving to San Antonio for it.
: it's my birthday today. livestream? what a great gift!
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: a tornado, the embarrassment of being caught at the gyro place by your gym friends, meat curtains
“: but yo is banned from contacting me indefinitely. That text was outta line. Lol” LMAO!!!
This RT : Texas is the only state that looks cool as a tattoo. No one wants Massachusetts or Rhode Island on their arm.
oh my...of course! It's a wonder Apple hasn't done a story on you yet. #iphoneobsessed :)
that's amazing!! Congrats on your weightless so far:) celebrate that and keep pushing forward!!! Let me know if u need me!
you have a dead pool list??
I just got home from one of the longest days of my life
Baseball??? What's that?? Oh right...it's the BORING sport. Kinda like golf, right?
Any RT's of my last tweet about the Pete Frates Fund is greatly appreciated!!! Thank you!
Thanks for the new Likes, friends!
How to "Chicago Step Dance" with my hubby.
Twitter is failing horrible on me tonight :(
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
The Silk Tie likes Algernon! Thanks for the service!
A Bedtime Story For The Ages - Huffington Post (blog)
still doesnt follow us . #failures .
ole quiet ass!
Gorilla Biscuits. Dope. Old school.
Disparate Youth - Santigold
FFNL is a vital time for the people of Avalon.
yeah, I've got a Samsung plasma in my living room and love it. When it dies, I'll get another Samsung.
Did any Apple users out there catch the Mac-only virus going around? Looks like increasing popularity has made them a new target.
Than after class. I dream to be you. A geek.
our pleasure. Keep up the great content!
I just took my food handlers permit test online for an hour and a half and got paid for it. But i felt like a little kid banned from recess.
heading to #RBMS10 !!! watch out philly
thank ya sir:)
I'm missing
you have to tonight in case it's actually hideous. If so ill need to return it :) haha
Yes, a way to check the pulse of people. Effectively a RT in another medium. It's why paper media is going under-lack of content.
do you even miss me
My youth too! Might as well jump...
with the big ole granny panties!!! LOL
Thanks for the follow , ,
Battles: Dross Glop
I don't think it matters what day you do it on as long as you get one long run in a week. I often have to do mine on Friday!
Get a room! Founders working in #coworking spaces need to make reasonable efforts to keep ideas secret to protect their IP.
how is that a foul????
follow us on here on twitter "Music Talent Group is the new entertainment industry's home for live music events and concerts
Delivery? Guess hell is closer to freezing over. We will be open this afternoon. Sorry no shuttle service today.
Every straight guy at this Ingrid Michaelson concert is single, right? As a tall person, I already feel terrible about the standing rm venue
Dat Was A Good Nap
m' ok
Weird how if you're 75 and you date a girl 20 years younger friends admire you.But if you're 25 and you do it people freak out. Huh?
it's in richmond but the county
The weekend is almost here. I have some things to build, bed frames, bookcases and my sleep time! Yeah. I am getting some sleep.
That's a really good question. I'm honestly not sure. I was afraid of being vulnerable, so maybe.
I know... it'd be awesome for SKC though ;)
Hey follow back ?
So much work to do. Almost done with this first part of my midterm. Tomorrow is going to be a living hell.
Glad I helped inspired you
When starting and growing your business, it&#039;s important to bootstrap with your own resources as much as possible. -Mike Smith
My first two weeks as a 30 year old have felt exactly like my last two weeks as a 29 year old - blah.
Thank you & for confirming my Josh Beckett idiocy.
Every time I'm back in #USVI & go someplace seeking customer service, I'm reminded why things are SO bad here!
“: u guys better not be teasing me!! ” this is no tease this is for real this time haha
Got a new one months ago. Still haven't plugged it in. All about the stovetop/oven style. Even reheating. May give it away
yo is there gonna be any open gyms this summer?
Oh, and I'm redying my purple bits in my hair. They were fading too much for my liking.
You lost me at 'we cheer'
"So stressed and no time to do anything" is what everyone's thinking right about now
If you see Jack, be sure to say hi! RT : I'm going to #SpiritNight tonite for food and fun. Go Wildcats!
I can't believe I'm actually rooting for LA, but they actually have an exciting squad.
Bynum… miss 2 in a row…really?
RT : Wake the fuck up & play your damn game, & Bynum!
BY BY BY
Thanks for the RT !
Wtf... Aight give me a minute.
“: Hey guys, women who like football are faking it...they also don't like beer, or sucking your dick.” hilarious
yuu were really great tonight i enjoyed the show
Beautiful swing by Altuve
Want to get away from downtown? Come check out uptown for some great food/drink and ambiance! ^RS
Great catching up with this morning!
Thanksgiving must've actually been happy this year as I haven't read any good, family-themed horror story updates.
Live Life To The Fullest!
Define "Productive." If the end is an unsustainably materialist consumer good, I find more value in human relationships.
He hasn't gone 8 innings in a game as a Brewer yet; this could be the day
How do you compete with large chain restaurants?
LOOOL! maan iBet peoople look at us &' r like look at that sexy shoulder &' arm (;
A healthy diet and and exercise can cure a whole lot of wrong. And, it doesn't take much time to feel the effects.
People be on twitter all damn day.. pathetic
Hello to
I have more followers than let's see how long *that* lasts; I'm guessing 5 minutes
lol! There was a picture of the ICONic Boyz on my screen and then a fly flew straight at the screen and fell down!
Humbled to honor Marisa Ugarte and her work saving victims of trafficking today w/ La Jolla Soroptimists.
Such a rude piece of nonsense (rude piece of nonsense being office mate specifically, not just the noises her mouth hole makes).
thank you! Hope you can check us out sometime.
no doubt. Got a bit dusty around the office for a few minutes...
Love your stuff! I need to own some of that! :)
Both LA teams are about to be outta here!
Good Evening
keep grinding baby. Something will give and the opportunity comes to those who endlessly pursue their skills. U got it bruddah.
I never thought the term "recess" could evoke so much happiness past the 5th grade.
yup! In the 5th ward!
Library IT… where any minor data problem can be creatively turned into a pesky graph traversal problem!
Our entire world depends on each decision we make every moment & every moment can be our last. Make good use of the opportunity of life!
I think thats a good idea. lol
i'll be honest: if i had to choose, i want the giants to win but really i'm watching the superbowl for the commercials :)
Currently watching a funny horror series called HELL'S KITTY
Why can't I be suspended one more day I don't wanna go to school):
#ILoveYouButNotEnoughTo do your project for you... having fun???(;
ahhahhah wtf man i was singing this all day !!! Love yu brother !! Yu the shit damn
Haha this may be the best thing I have heard...in my entire life. Fantastic idea!!
have u seen the singer of Allstar Weekend in Just Left's music video?
I'm good - thanks for the add back- trying to figure out if I ever shopped beats your way-?
Looking for a quick (healthy) fix for dinner this week? Check out - she will hook you up!
Went to the post office to pick up my package only for her to tell me it was in my landlord's office right next to my apartment. Solid.
RT I hope everyone is having a great day.
Watching RIM break down is more entertaining that trashy tv. Bring out the popcorn. This is gonna be great.
Trying to get Alex to follow me.. So far its not working </3
i wish they made office chairs that are large enough to lay in the fetal position in..
#YouKnowItsConcertWeekWhen your apartment is a mess, fridge is empty, and there're more clothes in your laundry hamper than in your closet.
what the hell you doing out there!?!!
Can't wait! RT : Happy opening to #blocSTAR's Jeremiah 'Showtyme Haynes' & 'Shani 'Virgo' Alston and the rest of COTTON CLUB PARADE!
Your not the person I thought u were
Off to get my lil man. Hopefully his pink ass isn't in a bad mood today.
- go out and drink beer, you deserve one.
"Insurance is like marriage. You pay, pay, pay, and you never get anything back."
MANE he is the REAL DEAL!!!
Ok, barking dog for 5 days and nights! Unfricking ridiculous
The worst thing bought fighting with your friend is they say all the bad things they thought of you out loud :'(
Thanks for the reply - let me know if you ever need a big bowl of hot soup - i promise it will b On the Table Fresh + Hot!!
in my office we play shoot the director of marketing with a nerf gun...but that isn't really an app.
dangerous move, Mr. Patronik.
Hey so when does your album actually come out??
Good morning!!(:
Now listen to this: the half-life of PCB's (polychlorinated biphenlys) is 10-15 YEARS!
Hi jbehnke, thanks for following!
thanks for the #FF!
Hey ladies come check out surrender night club tonight! Steve aoki b-day! Come party it up just hit me up 4 info! Only
brb. speeding down 275
Apparently theyre building a dominos on the moon in 2014... I wonder if theyll do deliveries
you guys are crazy with this orgasm thing.....haha
you're welcome!
Thinking positive about this flight to nyc....positive, must stay positive. Ohhhhmm : /
Tweet me when you're here and we can figure it out. Just in case we're filming, I'll stop by after or something.
(old unpaid claims, not current issues)
Your not the king of akron. You are a pile of shit who played games with your fans!But Delonte is loving doing your crackhead mom
I've got on my Historian hat this wkend at #OAH2012. Tweeting during the panel feels rude to this newbie, so we will see!
does it also come with a referral to a cardiologist?
RT : Enjoyed the lunchined, wish I could stay longer to get more knowledge! *thx !*
There goes again brushing ER teeth
Chillin w/ David <U+2665>
Yes. I entertain myself by #smacking my #butt and watching it ripple! Its fun! Try it sometime!
That awkward moment when this random girl named "camryn" is opening for your 1D concert...
kristen <U+2764> I miss you so much. When are you coming back!? So much to tell you!!!!
We are officially on vacation for a few days. Back Thursday 4/26!
Nothing much. how was school?
The term glass for cameras is widely used to describe the camera lens.
Hope everyone is finding great deals on #CyberMonday!!
We're new to Twitter. 3 cheers for moms everywhere.
Chris brown and Rihanna has been spotted together at MGM Grand cosino in Las Vegas
a first for everything:
<3 --> RT " someone who is down to do anything with you & sticks by your side >"
a month? Lol
IK!!!!! GOSH YOU MEANY BUTT!!! I didn't know I'm sorry that I spelt his name wrong>:( grrr(;
If we were made to all be alike then we would be called duplicates instead of individuals.
Live tweet at the today using
You're annoying. Please shut the fuck up before I shove the arts and crafts your working on down your throat.
Heat shield under car scraped off by mid-road snow berm left by plow, requiring mid-road bungee cord application...& vacuum cleaner blew up.
Since I can't be at #rdap12 I am going for a walk in the spring sunshine.
Happy belated birthday! Miss you & sorry this is a couple days late!
Love those bags, but sadly I don't have Tony Stark money to afford one.
Now that's schools over, I need to look for a second job...suggestions? :)
-_- i got a new phone too..no joke... I got bored with twitter and i just now came back to it...got tired of all the spam
omg oh no 2 goals now sorry manu :((((
Per Mensem => Every Month
RT : Don’t depend on other people as the source of your happiness or for approval. -Joyce
Jeffrey standing and talking about how anonymous door knocker pressured him to "rescind" his signature. Asks how did they get my address?
LOL Damn am hungry as Hell its getting worse FUCKKKKK
#VH1Divas is off to a great start
Where did you find Suits online? I've been looking!
LOL! Think I might have to pin that one on Pinterest!
Its cause god feels sorry for them": truuu RT : ONLY LAKER FANS GO TO HEAVEN"
thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music! Have a great week : )
My cousin a fuckin thug .. but she nasty Af .. I can't live her lifestyle nope nope nope
House-building and Waffle House are all I need.
I was thinking file-sharing, now that Mega Uploads is shut down.
RIP Carroll Shelby. So long, and thanks for the horsepower.
we have our standard campus badges, but were advised against a specific #UWM because of cost.
I'm gonna start cooking around 6:30pm-ish...That way its done by time hockey starts :)
cuz I made a shitload of money the first day of sales and there were a good bit of weed leaves on it. Haha.
Can't wait to see ya'll on Friday! =)
A ritual at the house of , in which I live: The removal of the menorah and x-mas tree and the return of the life-sized donkeys.
You tell a guy you just wanna be friends and suddenly they hate you .
I. Love. Ender.
what ? lol “: Girls that's not Terika love them lol”
Getting new windows (the real kind for my house)!
Happy #FF everybody - who wants us to say nice things about them? Just mention us in a tweet! Last chance!
The Federal Reserve's "twist" strategy is going to push 30 YR rates to unprecedented levels. How does 3.875 0 points 30 YR Fixed sound!
*Smiles back*
her n dj had a late night. They decided to start her bday early lol
Rappers love words that rhyme with drugs. I'm surprised they don't party more in Spokane.
What a great week! Filming, private coaching, hanging with my agent, feeling great! :D
Science in Reference Universe: The Encyclopedia of Environmental Ethics and Philosophy, 2010 from
Good call by the #Browns, doing what they can to make sure they lock up Trent Richardson. Dude is a horse & will run hard behind that O line
Watching OWN, this is so powerful...I'm hooked. Seeing how these families live makes me grateful for every precious moment of life.
can't believe it's been that long since CO in college. Jealous for sure. Where y'all going?
Painted for three hours squatting down. Who needs weight training anyway?
Good to see Wondo and JPA on the score sheets tonight. Class guys!
Portugal Show number 9 tomorrow, it's gonna be good
Best way to solve car problems: roll up a newspaper, stick it in your gas tank, light it up, walk away slowly.
Dress Rehearsal in about an hour!!! Are you excited for a sneak peek of THE SPANISH ROOM?
Deep thanks to all who have served, and have supported those who serve.
I want some Mexican food....that real deal. Taco bell don't count -__-
Money creates my grind my mind striaghtns my time......
#BeautifulPeopleIFollow Everybody Who Is Reading This <3 Your Are All B E A U T I F U L !
hii =] thank u so much =D
Mom: What does IDK, ILY, and TTYL mean? ... Me: I don't know, i love you, talk to you later .. Mom: ok i'll go ask your sister.
the world may never know pete.
Who else is looking forward to the new album is releasing? Deffenetly covering many of the song on that album. #believe <333
Finally set up the voicemail after 6 months. feel free to call and if I don't answer don't hesitate to leave a message lol
Threw my back out jogging this morning...take that! Personal fitness.
Birthday weekend was a bust
Paranormal romance is the urban fantasy of romance genre.
Stop giving out my Pornhub password. Thanks.
Really? :D
One more day @ work then 2 weeks of nothing but mixing, can't wait to hit the decks!
Check out Outliers -- it is one of my favorites.
No problem
Txtin shorty until one of us fall asleep
I'm baleening toward intentional fish puns. I spent $5 for a book of whale puns. They were awful. I got my finback.
please tell me you're sunning yourself on the beach, sipping on a cocktail with an umbrella in it.
Help! Need to pick a bag for my Iceland/UK trip. Any female travelers used and loved the tri-star or sky train bags?
no freaking way. that's AWESOME!!!
I haven't been on twitter in so long :T
was a nose away from winning a trifecta.
Meet who! RT : #MammothFestival is this weekend! RT for chance to win 2 free...passes for Sat. & meet Gavin DeGraw.
Thanks! And thanks ! She is awesome! ;)
I was outta wifi for a min. but im bacc
Hoop Dreams
no i didnt check it out
omg yeah i will be such a bitch tomorrow!!/:< ok ok finee
nice road trip to cleveland to see the Cavs,trying to recover now
Still sick. Converted a scene I wrote a while back into a short I should be filming soon so I guess a nap is well deserved.
When you love someone you except them for who they are. You don't try to change them.
I'm a teacher who believes in working COLLABRORATIVELY with parents.
Had a blast this weekendtoo bad it had to end so soon
define old school- I'm Still Standing? Or Goodbye Yellow Brick Road?
I can be in boston in an hour and a half if you would like a massage, totally professionalish, Im just throwing out the offer
Just caught up on last Monday's #TheVoice and while I love all the judges... is strong this season. Oh, dang. so good!
Cinco De Mayo is tomorrow! We have 2 shows and Coronas for $3!
She's definitely a 10. -at Children's Courtyard Day Care.
What Up #oomf!! HOPE THIS BRINGS THAT BABY ON IN!! Lol
Let's see how tomorrow erupts ;)
caught your show NYE! Liked it a lot hope to see you again soon playing a longer set!!!!
I guess you guys should change your show's title to
die in a hole
5 days until we debut the #popboompow video! Also, new songs, pics, and dates coming soon! Get ready!!!
Thanks! We'll ring you! MT : did you know we give discounts to all students and faculty?? Call us & order today!
Thanks for sharing! I like that your library includes a section on "Selection of recommended Internet sites"
when do you play?
says she'll grant fund & my positions when she wins #Mega Millions! What will u do w/ winnings ?
God is so amazing!!!!
I think a YouTube channel with tv shows playing with tweets popping up would make bank.
Tonight Lenny Kaye told me I did a good job and made the rock gods proud. BEST. COMPLIMENT. EVER.
ugh! that sounds painful!
I hope you hurt and your walls fall down when you hear the sound that i'm okay. I'll be okay. <3
Full moon tonight. Dress like a werewolf and get your drinks half off tonight. Who has the nerve to do it?
Good choice!
lol the kind of icing I got last night !
#Instagram is the most amazing app ever invented :o
Hello Rachel! Happy Holidays!
"The voice does go up in a poem. It is an address, even if it is to oneself." And why it's called sweet poetry to the ears.
Wonderful!! We hope to do a lot of fun things! Happy Thanksgiving!
Calvin Johnson is getting paid! Highest contract ever
lookING NOW, lol, I am such an art whore, I tell you , LOL
RT Oh, your boyfriend has swag? That'll pay your bills in 10 years.
Being a musician is a true blessing...I love what I do.
Got my homecoming outfit and shoes and accessories for $100 and I still have money left over!
Another tweetup? “: it was great hanging out w/ you guys tonight! #ncvstweetup”
TW Noll 4-0 so far at USJN event in Barrington, IL...playing well now that they're full strength
I enjoyed #Footloose, but I wasn't impressed. my full review should be coming up soon...
it needs to happen!
where you at
Ppl get mad when they business get out... Whoever you told first made it public knowledge..... Foolish ass
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! ! #7bars !!!!!!
I'm Logan, you don't know me. I just saw you and thought you were cute
working on my skillz D;
she means the world to me. I don't think she'll forgive me. I ruined everything.
He's behind now but they're keeping the faith.
we love you guys! But please help us get more followers :P *air kisses* ahaha :)
you're annoying.
Lost my retainer in bed. Again. Some people (like me) shouldn't have clear retainers.
<3333333 an don't even make that face
yikes. You know the computer get hot... Ha
I had one of McDonald's Peppermint Hot Chocolates yesterday morning. It ... was not of the tasty.
Fun night, to say the least.
No, you're fun and games
hearing Portland has inside track on J Craw
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge. - Thomas Carlyle
Simple #vegetarian breakfast #recipe Cheerios with Coconut Milk and for a snack... #Love Crunch!
Were performing at Saturday March 10th! come out for a night of awesome hip hop and learn kiddies!
Party people! Time to have some fun tonight
Q4: If you have the students pick concepts within units, then the topics are unlimited.
make sure you check out the animal style fries...just look at frazier's plate :)
sounds good! When do you get to LA?
Great throat ulcers rule, and a 7 hour shift! I'm so happy!
How are u holding up? Have u gone postal yet? :P
oh... My Christmas was cool, just another day working in the city!! What did I sign up for? A rat race!?!! ;-)
Tech basketball is depressing to watch.
Tebow's marketing guy and new NJ resident to be...RT : J! E! T! S! JETS! JETS! JETS!
Hey Frankie what are doing?
Talking to customer service is like talking to a wall. They don't listen. Pushy sales ppl when trying to ask a simple question.
Oliver just chased down a duck...caught up to her, and then didn't know what to do.
You Can Change it All because you are Remarkable.... www.sofiafellini.com
It was 20 years ago the a buddy first dragged me to the UCSB computer lab to check out the World Wide Web. First search? Red Dwarf
I hope you stopped at the Driftwood Inn in St. Ignace. Some of the best chicken wings I've ever had.
The Coolest & Most Swagged Big Boy I Know, Lol & Smh <<
The number one car in for repairs is,, 2000-2009 dodge intrepid- in for oil sudge, knocking,electrical issues, transmission problems
Ahh, repurposing half-finished posts as discussion topics. Interesting.
You'll see me rockin' these all summer RT : Ginuwine, our glass pony is loving the new Pabst Blue Ribbon x Pro-keds Collab Shoe
Had a cville debut pint of Boxcar at last night! Looking forward the big batch.
Dear bald guy with the long hair pulled over the front.... we know.
Gonna go clean the car (:
I have the sickest headache right now. I feel like Ron Artest just punched me in the face... and I'm talkin' Indiana Pacers Ron Artest <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
just an old saying my friend would say before one of those yolo moments haha.
Refs did the right thing with 5 minutes there - just a stupid, dangerous play by Orpik.
Attending a Birthday this weekend? Need a gift fast? No worries Sydney b. has just what you need and we gift wrap for you too!
Yeah, it's def crazy. You take your chances out there.
Thank you to all who came to class today! Thank you AMANDA GRIND for sharing your knowledge.
pillow case making might pay more. Haha
This bus driver doesnt want his bus dirty. Awww
And shouldn't someone with Presidential aspirations know better? His Dad was Governor of Michigan, for Pete's sake
We only watched 2 eps of DR this season before giving up. Too much reality this season.
I'd do the same thing. At least if you crash it everyone goes down in flames while looking good.
Oh yeah, it's April Fool's huh? Day of (annoying) fake pregnancies/engagements. Awesome.
Make it a handmade Holiday! Come shop Holiday Market Chase tower downtown 10am-3pm today!!!!
you still got my #?
enjoyed connecting w/ healthcare leaders & colleagues @ ACHE CEO discussionpanel last night. powerful insight in2 mind of successful leaders
To say the least. Haven't seen them in over 5 months, was very grateful for the pop-in.
Are you ready to a leaner, tighter, healthier you?
Miller and Battier still with no attempts from 3.... smfh
Ima stay locked in this room all day
Go follow my friend - she follows back..
Spencer are you strictly dickRT : Entertain me please im bored and willing to answer pretty much any question you have for me
there's always Lexington. Hell you know were headed to Catlanta next year too!
we are up to 40 amazing makers rich now. Are you interested in stopping by to check things out? Tuesday @ 7PM is a good time. :)
Ok I admit I have made a few trying!
Going to rampage tattoo this week, im excited.
Chase Utley fielded ground balls during BP. First time he's done that since rejoining team.
Anyone good at thermochemistry and quantum mechanics....holla @ me. Lol
Cheese Steak Tuesday... m good :)
“: As man, you're in charge of the relationship so take charge. Be the man she needs you to be.”
yeah, that will do it. Good for you. Thanks for your service. You workout in the gym? Like weights?
That's exactly the point I took from your info as well. And they think they're being so sneaky. Somebody's going to turn them in
Orphan V is interested in agents and publishers, please identify yourself if interested. Thank you!
PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND we support !! please??? #RNGeezies ;) <3
Chris Bosh is the x factor for Miami. He was the most consistent player last postseason.
9-2. Sorry just read this. Barely on my way.
They want us to believe Facebook is worth $100 Billion? My ass.
Does it get any better than M.a.s.h. Or Cheers?
Sweet is your “Nature”, Dear is your “Name”, As Earth wants Water, flower wants Dew. I want nothing…. But Happiness for You.
thanks, Gwen! Wishing you a beautiful day.
just dandy. I'm leaving sl june 12th is my last day.
come down to DC if you have time! :)
did u see the tweet about old dude?
I'm not even laughing -_-
Lots of news to share soon
Warren G is gonna be at Coachella, wow how old school. Sad Nate Dogg won't be there :(, Regulators would've been dope to hear.
Baker thaqts is some funny shit
His support here is strong too. It will be interesting to see how this endorsement process turns out.
that is so awesome!!!!!!!
obsessed with your music. #favorite artist
The other SF wins the MVP award.
Good morning and happy wednesday! It's #clingyadventure wednesday today, guess where clingy's going...
idk it's just a suggestion think about it tweet me back :)
i like that one:) how r you?
Sitting in Loyola Park gazing at the soothing blue of Lake Michigan. And watching the seagulls. A bit like I never left Florida.
please follow so you can share great deals like free admission on Sunday mornings from 9am-1pm.
Hi Kelly, may I send you my book to share with your family?It's about personalities related to DOB. Esp.March, March dad! Address?
oh no! I'll be your date :)
SEASON PREMIERE:)
dolma's newest destination: LYDIA'S 8845 SIX FORKS RD RALEIGH NC 27615
Way to give it your all in OT Ohio..
I thought loved pizza like me, but wants #Nacho scented Man Candle. Who knew?
Those 2 games were home vs. Tampa Bay, and at Buffalo, so that shouldn't be too surprising.
18th playoff series he is Mr. Heat
The Witches scarred me for life. Whenever I hear about that movie, I immediatly shiver. Creepiest kids movie ever.
My Uncle, "I don't know their [Sharks] prospects like the Pens so I don't know if they gave up a lot". Continued
Omw to school
Even though me and my brother hate each other, I'd take a bullet for him any day!
You missed him today at church. He had his tie on lol.
and this is the future Mrs. Timberlake...
Awesome! I spent it with the family. Church, lunch and fun times! :)
Discounts inside Easter Eggs! Ends Sat at BVEN Boutique. Valid on up to three regular priced items. Pick yours and save....
Today is the first day of spring and we are excited for air conditioning season to begin! Are you enjoying the warm temperatures?
So my mom would love for me to go big with music. Glad my mom believes in me<3
SDSU defensive lineman Dontrell Onuoha pleaded not guilty to assault and battery charges this afternoon.
. helping people feel good about making bad choices...it's what we do
Oh come on! I was SO expecting some sort of "well you're older than me" dig. You're losing your edge too, Mark!
Hey #sjsharks tweeps, you added a ton to my enjoyment of the season. See you all soon!
did you make the sandwich? How did it turn out?
April fools.
i like house number 2 better so far...
did u here I lost my qb today manning not a colt.....damn
Currently chatting with a "customer representative" about my nook. We'll see how this goes.
I know. My brain may explode.
Have to go Brad ... make Miranda happy dude :)
Enough work 4 today. Aaron BarRAZA is out working me, I have NO FRIENDS in EP, the feds are snooping around, I NEED a STIFF martini NOW!
. wrapping up another great week in our traditional way: Beer Friday :) What are you guys up to this weekend?
Hello, weekend. Beginning my Friday night training regimen for the Jingle Bell Run on Sunday: Grey Goose with a splash of Gatorade.
My Mind Is A Weapon
Merry Christmas sista. Thanx for all you've done.
This tweet just blew away from me.
#IAmSimon he was great with remarks to Marcus
yeah , girls are crazy .
What the world needs is more re-branded E-mail products!
no this doesnt mean i like country music
So on top of sleep apnea I now have diabetes.
Wee hah! A beautiful day! This week check out Sean, Willow and Michael at the Good Bike... they'll chill your Cuban coffee just right!
Unfortunately, it looks like APG doesn't accept being given a subkey and wants the master key as well.
If you do come bring cause he aint got no car. He still got that NY state of mind riding trains all fukn day! hahaha
Q. What is the only game in which the more you lose, the more you have to show for it? A. Strip Poker
& then y'all wonder why I can't trust you nshit. Smh learn how to lie.
watch your head :P
OK Home from working out, On to the hockey/baseball game. Gold's Gym has several TV's and neither game on. VERY SAD. Both teams need a win.
The two most common elements in the world are hydrogen and stupidity.
Will you guys be at the #ICSC convention in Vegas?
Bought some mangos, im a happy girl!:)
I think I have learned to sleep with my eyes open. Oh and p.s. there is no rule that says every tweet must have a # so take it easy folks.
LOL. O_o I'm clubbing with ma piggy bank jk.
Charlie Laavalle thanks Stan Thompson of The Heinz Endowments & Kevin Jenkins of The Pittsburgh Foundation for their support of the HEN
why is ur twit pic a black man
Well done, madam. Monogrammed slippers would be awesome indeed. Alas, mine are merely plaid.
Please do! :)
Me too! I need a vaca!
Got too go too dads work too take a shower. #winning Nitro better have water soon!!!
For real! Tami, Evelyn and Suzi would have been dealt with!
Our brand-new ballet score, co-written by Cello Fury's Simon & Ben and some of our best work yet, will be premiered on February 24 & 25!
Support independent artists! You will like what you see!
So we are working on the movie. The Art work is done, going to launch on kickstarter soon.
#OWS will be at the Brooklyn Food Conference tomorrow all day. Animal Issues has 9 workshops planned on a range of topics. Join us!
LOL OMG YES I REMEMBER<3 I MISS YOU MORE
my expectations rise in direct proportion to out-of-pocket expenses :)
So why I'm always thirsty whit hangovers! ": Beer is mostly water. This is why the water used has such an effect on the flavor."
The race is on! Can we get 1,000 followers are raise $100 for the WWF by next Tuesday? RT and spread the word!
I grabbed some great print and audiobooks on my way out of the library tonight. There are so many awesome things I want to read RIGHT NOW.
okay(: Same here
Usually per year.
Anyone have Draw Something? :)
Celebrate what you’ve accomplished, but raise the bar a little higher each time you succeed.
I need to stop thinking about you! :) You mean nothing to me n__n I'm glad you know this!
I'm going to try to get regular vip tomorrow
We're heading out to Palo Alto College's PAC Fest! Come and join us from 9-5.
The Wilpons, Madoff scandal, Woody clown and Rexy bear are way up there with him buddy. Fact.
ill try to forgive you, (:
lol so i remembered i have ALL of my Blood on the Dance Floor & other scene shit buried in a box in my closet after i moved.. Goodwill?! ;D
Just took care of the problem. My account was hacked! Sorry!!
Whoa. Good thing James Jones signed that shiny new contract. RT $5000 fine for throwing ball into stands.
"When enthusiasm is inspired by reason; controlled by caution; sound in theory; practical in application; reflects confidence; spreads good.
It IS Billy Hunter!!
that made me giggle :)
and that there be tolerably frequent expressions of confidence.
Translating German.
The trouble with talking too fast is you may say something you haven't thought of yet. ~Ann Landers
yes mayb tomorrow :)
ahh shit!! shake that ass now move it like a gypsy!! stop woah back it up and let me see you hip swing!!! #gottalovesavage!! ik its old!
look forward to hearing them
Never been soo itchy in my life
. Thanks babe. Had a blast! Love you too!
Never fails.. Sick kiddies = sick me! Fortunately my mini pharmacy includes Airborne and echinacea.
Thank you!!! RT Love your new website. Great graphics and navigation!
I had the same problem when I was stuck at 160 C& J, could clean the 165 and jerk 170, but couldn't C & J 165!
Four principles of LOD, #3- It should point users back stuff that tells them what that thing is
My mom is a retired educator... The state of education is unsettling at best.
Chicago next week!
There is always, ALWAYS something to be thankful for.
are you pregnant? lmfao
Had a great conversation about players & upcoming recruiting period with Coach Stan Johnson of Drake U. today. Solid assistant and Good guy.
hi niki can u please send me a autograph
Thank You Lord For Being With Me Always.. I Love You...
And many of em RT don't watch HS football, so I'd be game for USAFA CFB games on Friday nights. Great tickets available I bet
had a great time in Boston after a fantastic two weeks at Tanglewood!
I downloaded Draw Something an hour ago and have already concluded that the whole world sucks at Pictionary.
who's going to be seeking CE from public libraries: economically disadvantaged; seniors who rewire instead of retire, etc.
Sorry all at #DesignBizChat about the spammers -too bad it's taking away fr the experience here 2day - so much great info that we're sharing
Stay Gold Frownie!
Thunder o:
I don't know how I feel about you anymore.
ack, Sharon I am sorry my phone autocorrected the wrong name! So sorry!
Dark hair I don't care
get off Twitter.
John D. is back from his travels! Come on in and say hello or get piercing :)
get back Online DAMN GOOFY.
HOW WAS UR MOVE!?!? AND HOW LONG R U STAYING THERE?!?!?:):D
Do you have a dream wedding dress designer?
People love when I scream, apparently?
Can't be sacred money in NY
#WordPress #Tools BlogFollow – Shows a snippet of the user’s blog beneath their comment.
Even though I punched him in the face once, I still wish that Sid (Crosby) would return healthy this season.
= AC = Cool, = AM = Morning, together it makes Cool Morning <3 They need to make a other one(; <3
qiooewqiuwfowofdhph. Explosions. Get out of my life.
Mine says I have to forgive. *whines* But I don't wanna just yet. :(
Louisville fans, help me out: are you as superstitious as Kentucky fans are? I see some UK fans doing some weird stuff (including me).
Hey just a heads up, I got a spammy DM from you. You may wanna report it and change your PW. Happy Gallery Night tomorrow!
Can we also just pause a moment to collectively appreciate the unintended hilarity of the coffee announcements?
Lol 2 cyclists just blew through a red light with max coming a block away. 16th and Yamhill.
When I get off the bus my best friend says bye. When a popular kid gets off the bus, the whole fuckin bus yells bye. I feel the love.
Check people on my DMV lists.
Do tell, which one?
love it! We're doing a bike parade Sun for our Open house w/ an afterparty. This will be great training! Let's do it
Ha! It was definitely one of my more adventurous culinary experiences; I'm usually such a 'meat & potatoes' guy.
Congrats to the GR8 Ryan Braun on being named NL MVP. It was much deserved!
just Tue right price
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I think I'm in love. #Stage5Clinger Run!
Hello Cali... who's ready for another great show at #NAMM ? I am!
continues to disrespect the orlando magic, this is crap.
Why don't you link your new book LINKS in your bio, too?
ACS client learned how to interview during the first # module & got a job- so successful!
Lunch time. Come on in kitchen open and bar for a beverage. Cheers
At the Lincoln Center Library, you can watch hundreds of recordings of Broadway shows. I'm not joking.
are you at #volcanovistas graduation?
are you in Dallas today for #alamw12 find out more about Room C149 Dallas Convention Center today at 2pm
Work in a few hours... ima have to record another song before i go
The show will be available across multiple formats so if folks want to access it the right way - i.e. legally - it will be easy.
you need to figure out the whole "get guys to buy me drinks" routine. Then you won't spend anything haha
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it!!
Its early, give me a break.
Im sorry to hear that lol
Not quite sure what you're asking, Patricia.
Fantastic meeting of the minds over Jockamos in Irvington. Always fun work to do!
well...My head hurts, gonna go #offline practice ACT tomorrow, wish me luck you guys ^_^
YEI Weekly Challenge! TURN DOWN YOUR WATER HEATER... lowering the temp on water heaters can reduce your heating costs by 10% Give it a try.
The most amazing guitarist, Preston Reed is performing 10-2 @ Caspar Inn not far from you if you're still there tomorrow!
I love foot rubs!!!
Of course! :)
I miss your tan skin, your sweet smile, so good to me, so right.
RT : Make sure you’re following tomorrow for the unveiling of the conference primetime TV schedule! >> No 3-hour show, please.
We need EVERYONE to be with UNDErTAKER on this one
I don't know how often Uncle Augie reads his email, but would you tell him I just sent him one about Dad's house? Thanks
Great win coach...keep pluggin!
Thanks! We do, too!
Just wanna let you all know...I saw the lady with the parakeet on the sidewalk again today. This time it was perched on her rolly cart.
huge ups to the best people in the world showing up for a great cause.
Finally off work :))
Definitely for tablets right now iPad is the only way to go. Phones is a mixed picture but I'd start in iOS first.
thanks, mr. Autocorrect.
let's hang out this weekend!
Ive confirmed, through 2 Ravens sources, Suggs has a torn achilles & will need surgery. No timetable for his return is known right now.
John Michael Montgomery, Thursday, March 22 at 7:00pm at Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Albuquerque. TICKETS $20 & UP
Attended the "Books for a Better Life Awards" in NY recently. Missing the "Light it up Blue" events at the Empire State Bldg. & Rockflr Ctr
Thanks! My leg hurts.
he'll give you that organic meat all right
it;s never too late as long as you take four or five shots before 12
Thanks so much -- have a great rest-of-the-week
hi dave omfg
“: #toiletgirl” you don't understand that no one ever understands you.
Getting treated to a fish fry at tonight for dinner! Really looking forward to this!
#UHtaughtme how badass and exciting college football can be.
could i pls get a S/O OR A FOLLOW BAC
It is going to be a beautiful weekend here in the NW. Make sure you are using your Clicgear Cart when you hit the links!!
thanks for the mention
Is that thunder I hear. Let it rain!!!!!
remember we are in TX so unskilled labor is not a problem..temps are an integral part of staffing in TX saves $$$$$
Ah!! love it! I want to stare at it forever
Apparently, is back!!!
I have felt so bad & so weak but I know God has a reason for everything we go through. Continued next tweet
Sorry, my daughter Heather was not in school yesterday because we had to put our dog asleep. he was very old....
Battle of the Bands this friday, April 22nd, at The Depot at SF State from 3PM-6PM!!!!
My pot just said thanks for all the birthday wishes.
& thanks for the tweets!
...why thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> also 122 NW 10th (Powell's) and 3747 N Mississippi....more to come...
Yeah w/e you say :P
Yes I should be your intern! :)
Jennifer Aniston postpones her engagement to Justin Theroux
Happy Mother's Day
You realize you and a few of his other patients actually paid for those hockey tickets?
#IWishYouKnew How much you actually mean to me . How I feel towards you & What I would do just to get your attention <3
"Technology is transforming the ease to start a business, scale & gain traction." -Professor George Foster
That's how she feel.
Which one is it? What's the password?
Won't we all be glad when next Tuesday turns to Wednesday? No more political ads.
#orphans8 the Tassilo Adams footage Gartenberg Media showed was absolutely stunning. Jaw-dropping, even.
It's sad I would consider living in Atlanta, solely because their airport is boss
Alright alright all-riiiiiiiiiii!:)
RT : Who says it doesn't pay to tweet? I won a $25 gift card from yesterday for following & RTing abt contest.
Happy Friday #abq peeps!
You can add THE DEATH OF BEES to that list. Coming Winter 2013!
U shut up!!
Not much, got a callback in Chicago for The Voice:)
Kinder: differences between databases (search and retrieval) and archives (collecting or gathering)
Damn im too excited.
Thank god I don't work today. The last thing I need is to be folding clothes and listening to that loud ass music with a hangover.
Barbara Jacoby - When we lead our students through reflection they begin to see how they can become part of the solution.
I dnt trust anyone
kudos 2 Obama for supportin same sex marriage. who are we to tell people who 2 love. Time 4 the Far Right to go nuts. ready. set. go crazy.
Working on Sunday, again, some day I'll have a life again.
I came into this world black, naked and ugly. And regardless of how much I amass here, it's a short journey. I will go back bare and ugly.
Another beautiful day in Chicago...Join us for lunch at BIN 36 today!
and it's already taken! Thanks for the heads up.
- I just got off the phone w ... so stoked about the event. Will def be #FirePower2012 - Cant wait 2 meet ya!
Snow in Pittsburgh but nice in the house with a fire and spa music!
I was thinking if you knew of any cute patterns for a baby blanket
ha yes!! I made the move! It felt right, so I figured what the hell, why not! How ya been?? How's Miami?
Hope to see you today at Malverde in Austin for our Grito news conference. 11:30a!
yes you are.
#actorsloungelive the actors gym youtube.com/cfcla
text mee, i have to tell you something!
no tomarrow we got 1 more on demand then we done for the year
The heck does my battery have to do with.... Anything?
Thank you for saying it so eloquently, I couldn't agree more!
Awesome! We were just talking about that. Now, get out for your run in a "foreign" land! ;-)
Welcome to the wild world of twitter. Thanks for the follow and thanks even more for buying the book!
Not really. I just don't want to get too lazy or complacent on that #beerlord throne of his.
When are you coming to Nashville?!
That could be a big blown call. We know what can happen when Elvis gets on in front of Hamilton.
Awesome playoff win tonight! Game tomorrow morning 7 am at grapevine
Glad you said something poignant. Just can't believe that.
Well if it does get killed, I will miss it very much. Enjoyed every minute of it.
I hope Phx is ready for
#WOFCollegeWeek How does this work with the different time zones/ airing times?
They're paid. :) lol
ostensibly there is validity to the veracity of the claim that you are purporting simultaneously to the layman and intellectual
it sounds like God moved at everyone's Church today isn't that awesome the same God here in NY is there in Atlanta and everywhere else wow!!
Sitting 10 rows behind the Cowboy at Reds-Tribe game. Already spoke with Marty and George Foster.
Woohoo, that's a wrap! Shooting the new video took 30 hours in two days, but it's going to be great - I'll post some pics soon.
my new story :)
Of course NYC didn't get gold. But the means I still can go to 2 dates Poughkeepsie and NYC :')
Industry heavyweights team up for EV smart charger project
I really wanna smoke a blunt but im a poor ass change saving motherfucker..
Please follow me on my JB account please ==> <== I will follow you back! ;) -Özlem x
your tweets take the 'entertain' out of entertainer. You're suppose to be good for a laugh, not a lesson. *yawn*
When are you coming to town? Maybe we can help!
before u know it u will be singing "my shiny teeth and me!" lol:D
Guy at the Apple store is a dead ringer for Topher from Workaholics. Same voice, same face. It's making me laugh.
karasimpimson wow hi
In da Lab w/ Suburban Hoodlums, What you know about those Lost Souls, Trippin over Pot Holes at the CrossRoads, Lost Souls!
your recent friend post really hit home- thank you for saying "out loud" what I need to be brave enough to say to myself- Well done
Didn't know where that one was going at first..
please read something with a british accent into a video
Will you be at Expo? Call 972-905-4447 to schedule a meeting in #LasVegas with and
Yup! Great final quote from the #bybravo panel; "[we] don't see a separation between the online and the broadcast - its all content."
#Amtrak I will be embarking on my cross country journey to #Portland #Oregon and I'm looking forward to seeing the heartland of
Setting up for an amazing concert tomorrow!!! Check back later to find out who is helping us to make
where are you??? You watching this?
actually im wrong i was thinking Sam was my other friend Sam Herson
Football workouts today >>>>
HA HA suckers!
Hey , I never got to thank you for the opportunity to be a part of H5O (ep.#213). I had an amazing time playing Jared Burke! Thanks!
We hope everyone enjoyed their weekend! What fun activities did you do?
Uncle:"why didn't you stop and say hi" Me:"...you were walking too fast" (**In reality i was just too lazy)
Perhaps not as open browsing like on the 1st floor. Would be curious what she'd say about this.
thinks that should totally come to PIttsburgh, PA!!!!!! Not only would it make my life but also my bestfriends!!!
you guys are insane. what's the estimated date you hit 100k? looks like will cross 200k by next week!
Congress never did pass an anti-lynching bill.
Isn't it?!? I don't even know what self control is anymore...lol.
Please have the Shaytards on your show! Please? I guarantee you will not regret having and the kids on.
22 more days until #partylove be ready!
you can make in the music industry without being overly sexual and performing exorcisms on stage. you just need your talent
no work today....back to bed
I was told i was a nerd today, #Target employee said "you a nerd." I always thought to be a #geek not a #nerd! /sadface
thanks for the love but "9 Businesses" is actually a project by 4exit4 Productions.
Agreed thats why I dont like move.
Ok let me get this Foxboro Mass has been without power since sunday'' But the Pat's have power for there game on thursday''WTF''
yeah we actually had tickets but I rather be with my babies that night!!!
I am so tired. I wanna go home. This play has became so stupid.
Started Run with at 6:19 AM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
they're delaying it? Sweet. At least we're not gonna miss anything
yeah, back a home...sick.
i love my life what about u
Your work is beautiful and inspiring
I still play records at home and did a 45 set the first night of Dynamite, but wanna put a real set together again!
Thanks, Andy - good seeing you.
No way!!! Very cool. should be psyched.
ive heard nothing but good things
RT : follow she will follow you back thanks:))
This is my first official tweet! Big audition this weekend.... EP is almost done, video shoot coming up...amazing times!
Is 65 degrees warm enough for #fridaycoffeeclub to set up outside?
i just want some sesame chicken.
Ok, I need more followers, it would mean the world to me if you help me ! (;
its cool, just lemme know whats going on. im free tomorrow
The short film, "The Order of Things" will screen this wed in Houston, TX at 7:30!! if your in houston and want to attend let me know.
#Brewers live box score is telling (and somewhat startling): 7 batting averages below .236 and 4 below .200. Only Braun & Lucroy immune.
Just saw and his QCM posse walking in rittenhouse looking like the Beatles.
Ha,ha,ha! RT : Rick Santorum just divorced his wife and married his dog. Are you happy, Mr. President? via
p.s. love you too
I went to UMKC last year, MSU this year. Excited to see the Campus cuz i wanna debate/go there for college!! :D
#imaddicted to my cell phone. its always in my hand.
when you coming back!? The brotherhood wants to know!
-.- i was laughing at the fact the someone in YouTube thought that was true....
Paul Pierce (knee) will play in Game 5 against the Hawks.
That makes two people that I know who copied my tattoo...already
Thanks, Bob!
There are more than 50,000 earthquakes throughout the world every year.
I must confess I am not a MM fan. I am intrigued by the poster, however. 'Mad Men' Debuts New Season 5 Poster (null)
so fresh and so clean clean. Thanks !!
SCREW YOU SAM! lol
YOU WISH
Don't forget the milk!
I can't wait to see you guys on tour! lol, jk. You're not coming near me so I can't see you.
where are you eating?
lol RT: : DJ Moore on the streaker: "It seemed pretty cool to me. I thought he was going to take his pants off and everything."
People are sitting on the floor in the library.
He was a clever, thoughtful guy.
idk , im being called up from J.V so 2mm is my first varsity game ever
im tired...
Live your life, take chances, be crazy. Don't wait cause right now is the oldest you've ever been & the youngest you'll be ever again.
needs to get off his phone
Plan For Your Retirement Today! Get info on 401Ks, IRAs, and Mortgage Planning. Free articles Available At www.retire.retirementjunkie.com.
If you wanna see something totally hilarious, watch Blackout on Syfy! These people totally freak out!!
They better not mess with My Mimi....I'm just saying.
so sorry for what u & Maya went thru today! Glad she's ok!!!
All the 'coming up' announcements sounded like threats
I didn't know you were on twitter!
Get rich or die tryin
Whatever happened to "Sisters before the Misters" ?
nick Johnson combo meal....Never thought I would see that again.
On average a 500-calorie slice of cheesecake will take jogging for one hour at a five-mile-per-hour pace) to negate it. Ouch!
Mayda just tore it up at The Amsterdam! The Japhies are about to throw down.
Great article on Christian art. RT : Don't give in to the temptation to cut and paste art://t.co/gR51cotr -
What's going on at the Boston Post Office?? Traffic's crazy
I wish they would bring back them old Bermashave signs along the highways. They were fun to read and sometimes interesting!
Email fm Donnie Collins-"Groin or Quad injury. In Int lg, there is only a 7-day DL."
My favorite thing to do after a nap is immediately take a second one
I'm shocked at all the transphobic comments on many of the Against Me! videos on You Tube. Wish it didn't have to be that way.
Yeah I was a sensitive little child. Lol I find it funny when my parents tell me stories. I was an evil little girl. Lmbo! :p
I used to be the same way, but I found a great dentist, hes cool, hell talk about game of thrones while cleaning my teeth :)
Equally intriguing Antiphon for Psalm 20: We will run after thee, in the savour of thy good ointments. The virgins love them exceedingly.
Have a gr8 weekend :))
just throwing it out there
haha thanks! do you have a favorite song?
People need to stop going to LA.
Moved onto the second Body Count alb, "Born Dead." Iceberg sounds pretty intimidating through a pitch shifter.
Chick-Fil-a is open tomorrow!!! ........fooled you. Now THAT'S a cruel April Fools joke!
you should tweet me because yolo. c;
Hell Yes ;o
Yeah, remembered that after I hit "send." Still plenty of other more versatile utility types in camp, too.
i think im gonna pass out!!!!! #CodyBTRTour is gonna be AWSOME!!!! Talk about
don't change a thing
Truth exists, only falsehood has to be invented.
lmao “: Most costly iPhone auto correct ever? It apparently changed 'sing Levon' to 'sign Livan'.”
Had a feeling you would like the one!
I want that robe and whatever gold shimmer is on your face. Oh and your tan :) lol
ur like...swimming in ur feelings right now
I'll take our liar over theirs any day RT : The head coaches in the 2011 Sugar Bowl...Oy...
Everything with mass causes light to bend =P
Bob's Burgers while waiting for glee
I fucking love . They should play a show with us sometime ;)
Gonna be awesome! RT : Adding great breweries to #EABF daily. Today's adds: and
"Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll
I'm sorry I will miss the party :( Congratulations on the launch!
We are HEAR TO PARTY , and we won't stop until your all smiling :) H2P
Mandel property management in Milwaukee has the WORST customer service! Rent the sky?!? Luxury high rises? I say rent somewhere else!
Fav! I'm craving for dblcheese + fries + medium milo + cinnamon melt + double choc = yummy ! <3 I'm lovin it !
We miss you Steff! See you soon!
I want to delete my facebook but I feel like if I did I wouldn't know about anything that goes on...
ha! , I have the same situation. (plays the tiniest, blood-spattered violin).
nothin better than a good sunset
When my mom tells me to clean my room for the cleaners to clean it, it really gets my goat... #doesntmakesense <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0091>
RT : Middlebury College will use 's Faculty Search Solution to manage all faculty searches starting this fall.
the oven and I are usually friends, but we're fighting at the moment. Lol
Thank the Lord for Church!(:
Do you write for free or do you want to get paid?
parallel entertainment :)
Hey you should give us a listen if you have time :)
Are you going to Sea Change tonight?
Yes, thanks! At least my site is unequivocally hacked, as the giant HACKED label attests.
Steve Tyler and Carrie Underwood FTW
I HATE MY LIFE :/
Looking forward to the Clark County Democratic Convention this weekend! Who else will be in attendance?
Hawkeye: even less compelling when perpetually winded.
thank you! We will.
Im a freshman with senioritis
Wahoos is one of my fav places to eat
anxious to see that one with my own eyes.
you know it"s true lol
Goin to chicago with
Hi Shelia I am. I will in box you in a sec
congrats Austin <333333
thank you sir. We are all pretty stoked here:)
Got the herbs (basil, thyme, chives) and tomatoes (Bradley, Boxcar Willie, and Black Seamen) into their containers. Go ahead and rain.
Cant wait to see my bestiesss
Why do I bother with social websites...
S/o to muahzz
Okay, people. Tomorrow morning, 9am, Santa's coming to town... er, I mean the very first Rise+Design at The M with !
The only reason why I keep my mouth shut is bc I hav a goal in life, a bigger picture, nd I dnt see u in it, so therefore ur nt worth it.
Not liking this weather... not at all.
I'm a very confident, comfortable man. Just not a fan of reading, responding to, friending 'shirtless' profile pics. Call me shallow o_O
Have a great weekend!!!
Same thing happened to us! Oopsie.
All truth. Keep up your great work for the Kingdom RT : thanks for that shot out!
The Calories In Starbucks Coffee Frappuccino Light. With sugary syrups and towering whip cream
it's freaking cold!
Perfect review and spot-on analysis of the typical Oasis (Noel) fan.
awh bolin is all sweet and adorable
Do girls know that just because they look good that it doesn't give them the right to act a fool.
Getting ready to lecture on Oliver Stone's Wall Street at Northwestern. Again. I used to like this film.
Oh dang, wasnt expecting that!
Alright everyone....I think it is about time to "LIKE" Rance Wright on facebook...become a part of the cool kids club!
For nausea, treatments are commercially available as pills or injections. Wouldn’t it make more sense to use a cream? Call 412-681-6400
And she's wearing yoga pants too!
my whole body is aching, My lower back mostly :( i hate this pain i wish i wasnt in pain but keeps me going :D goodnight everyone
OK we all use to hang out. Its Ashley they called me nunu
Wish i could move away and take on a new identity. I dont want to be me anymore.
WHY CAN'T JETTIES BE CLOSER TO CAMPUS?
haha wish I coulda came tonight! Sorry I couldn't!!
#fyi Today is the day I change the background on my phone from winter to summer! Pool-time will be here soon!
Just now..yea that was a haha moment...they're giving me that look again from the other room. If they only knew.... O.0
1 true statement ... "Business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.” thanks
Exhibiting along with TRACx81 members at the Ocean County Library, Toms River, 101 Washington St. Now thru Sep 29th.
what happened when Sergio was 178 before the Williams fight and "had to cut a leg off" to make 154?! You said that!
wow the koo
How was Cursive?
imagining a world without state executions
I never did over think those words until now.
Time to get some shots up
On 2nd anniversary of health reform law, a shout out to my friends 4 all they did 2 extend health coverage to all!
I'm so scared that we might lose #GLEERUMMY, guys.
“: ": 20 days left #teenwolfseason2 #teenwolfprobs" ” yaaaay!! Been waiting for quite some time!!
did u get to chi?
not the part where you aren't punished for playing :)
Service industry folks, join us tonight for SIN night. Enjoy $2 rails, $3 calls, $3 bombs and $3 select tap beer from 10 p.m. - close.
ill take this over snow and freezing ANY day!!!
Thank you Lizzie!
picture of Soss
hey justin plz follow me
Its a room full of n***** what you following me for?
Woah! 36 not closed! Driver error.
RT : I'm so upset with myself I'm not there this year.. Next year!!
Super Bowl fever has broke... And, now back to work. Ah, Mondays.
A healthy body is a guest chamber for the soul; a sick body is a prison
Find the bright things in life even when you're surrounded by darkness.
amazing new album!!!
- What are you cooking?! We're so excited to see the amazing spread you all have been working on!!!
s/o to nf
thanks Elena Rose:) have a great weekend!!
COME TO CANADIA.
Congrats Andrea! Hope you'll be nearby.
Watching my really guilty pleasure .... Bad Girls Club Reunion.
The only thing that ever sat its way to success was a hen. -Sarah Brown
Off to run errands. Yipee!
Things are just... Nheee
you would still date me huh? Lol
Watching Gov. Snyder's budget address online at www.michigan.gov/snyder
Your ass can't go cause of your teeth? That's the most sus thing I've ever heard
Not sure if Dexter the Dachshund thinks there is another dog on the other side of the mirror or just stares because he really likes himself
lol. I've done the latter when I'm really, really, really tired...
Wow - congratulations!
You probably should. OH GOD i havent seen the community for like 3weeks. -_- i keep missing it
clever guy!!!
yes sounds amazing. I always get so much shit for owning Seasons 1-4 on DVD. <3 Grams
I'm up for some practice rounds!
Has the baby entered the world yet?
is on twitter! Kids you should follow this guy if you know what's good for ya! Tell em I sent you...
She could love you good but i could love you better.
Go Aztecs! RT : Good morning. Just three hours to #SDSU kickoff!
Your powerstroke turns me on more than you do.
- better yet, how about you send me you email, and we can talk that way.
“: alrighty!!” Just kiddin. Wendy's looked better
having a good day so far..
BOOKED a principal role in a Docu-Reality Program Sizzle called “Job Seekers” produced by Uba TV.
I seriously have no life, much less friends.
Two lanes of the Beltline going west at South Towne Dr. will be closed until 6:30 p.m. so crews can repair pavement that buckled in the heat
BoJo is a nice addition to the show.
Anyone want to come drink tonight? I got done Bacardi and Jack....
Headed on an alligator tour right outside of New Orleans.
Thanks for the follow ! I hope you'll get a chance to visit my house sometime soon!
Did I dream that win? Go #gophers!
I couldn't sleep after I realized that I have no idea how individuals woke up on time before alarm clocks were a commodity
Mr Brown funny as shit
good morning(:
Yea, it's a lot for him, and for Taylor. He really needs Tay right now...
I still can't believe Amy Winehouse is dead!! Wow! Loved all her music...what a tragic death!
Chorizo said its his girlfriend MaryJane's bday today and I can meet her before the game if she ever gets here. He said she's from Mexico
Skin Treatment Important Information To See | SO7 Studios ...
No, I don't need your iPhone screenshot of the hilarious text conversation from last night, nor do I need the weather report for my city.
Oh the San Diego Padres are on the road so no Jessica National Anthem there
Point Park's World Series opponent, College of Idado, won the title the last time the Pioneers were there in 1998.
“ Fresh up out the tub feeling like a million bucks.. I think I cut my leg shavin tho.. Lol” WASH BEHIND UR EYES LOL
check out www.everywebbs.com to find out about my journey so far to Every George Webb restaurant. 26/38 done!
Earned my G.I. Joe code name this weekend. Man Down.
(I don't want to take them off!)
Small world. Just went to a German-Turkish-friendship-buildin-feel-good journo thing last weekend with those folks
Life is like the tide. Movement means it exist. Sometimes your up, some times your down. Just stay moving.
- a great opportunity indeed. Look forward to more info.
our panel used screen mages extensively.
Hopefully a show will come up bear you soon. Thanks for the support ! “: Denver co”
"We rock the boat, Poseidon" hahaha makin' a comeback
What a beautiful day 27C/78F - summer ! Love it !
This weekend is zom com time -- 'Shaun of the Dead' starts tomorrow!
I nominate for a shorty award in #green because school gardens = healthier kids
Takeaways: Get youth involved, make access to trusted info available everywhere online, don't push-involve & inspire
Keep piling it on em birds
Have my theater MD hat on today. Some days I wish I didn't own this hat. Shows open in 2 months and now talk of changing the plan. Help!
Happy Birthday! I miss the pizza there.
G'Ready to listen to music i pick pray put my head phones on and didnt hear anything i thought they were broken but it wasnt plug in
Good Morning hope you have a wonderful fulfilling day & Great Breakfast bar w/a side of orange juice...Check ur email, Okay Bye
13th: FrackPack - a suite of tools to visualize the impact of hydraulic fracking/nat.gas production on water resources
1st round of survey invites sent out. Studying law jrnl publication policies w/
and I fell a special peace and comfort when I'm with you
Damn my nigga just went super hard on me in 2k11 forreal ..
Life changing dream.
The Carter 4 is very good.
Finally back in Vegas!!! Home sweet home.
WTF. it says you are in manhattan?! and yes,
Give thanks and praise to the Lord and I will Feel Alright
Most unpopular politician in WV today? Let's see... Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) is doing his best to keep WV out of the Big 12, sad, mad & blue!
No plans 2 miss any future games. Last trip was booked months ago. Expect 2 B there Saturday night.
Ran my first 5K at today!
“: Manny Pacquiao is somewhere laughing right now.” - #Truth ...
dear mac, please work nicely. dear server, please let me on the network.
See our discussion from this weekend so far
oh yes
No, he was wearing an orange shirt as a hush fell upon the screening room when he entered.
Donner Pass, please be gentle on me. I'm a new hiker and I'd like to live through this with all my body parts. thank you!
*Sigh* I've been craving a Milkyway for two days now.
Nobody Perfect, Nobody Perfect aye aye But ya Perfect for me... Thats my ish!Yeay
Omfg Twitter stop acting stupid -_-
was really hoping you were coming to Oregon, but good luck as a huskie! Glad your caliber picked pac12.
Why can't armenians pronounce 'seven'? They always say 'sevan'?
I'm in the studio during road trips. But we don't do our show when Peachtree tv covers the game.
Prom pictures are horrible!! :o
And lunch is still in the fridge. Dang.
I'm picking the New York Knicks to beat the Miami Heat in the First Round of the NBA Playoffs. Let me know your opinion.
you better be betch. I think we are gonna go camping for graduation.
Why do the NFL officials continue to target the Pittsburgh Steelers with bogus penalties? Theyre on a mission 2 keep us out of the Superbowl
Mahatma Gandhi said, “Be the change you want to see in the world”
Me and have a very good relationship we go and play Frisbee every Tuesday.
can do!
We have openings today! Come get pierced or tattooed, Tom, Jane, and John are all open for tattooing and Vern is open for piercings!!
okay i see you
Bout to get my eat on...
indeed, good times! haven't had the migas at Julio's yet, but am looking fwd to dethroning one of my top 3. thx for the tip
Last call, ppl. Get your tickets for a night of hip hop and fun w/ Cincy Ad2. Learn more here: www.elementzorg!
' Trying to get my tweets up lol I'm done tho!
when punky didn't even know my name.
Got off work so early. What to do now
Who would like to take me to see Rod Stewart and Stevie Nicks at the Bradley Center? Because isn't willing to do it...
Combing through some beautiful HD footage of #FirstSquad for a top secret project. Can't wait to get this one started again.
Rutch on crutch
"Blasting a stick" BUAHAHAHA nobody says that!!!!!!
oh honey!! Don't get me started! Lol :P
iMA #JUSTIN KINDA GIRL
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>i cracked my ipad screen, who kno somebody dat can fix my screen? :(
Thanks so much for coming today - and great questions! It was exciting to have so many of the master's students there!
All the lonely people/Where do they all come from ?/All the lonely people Where do they all belong ?--THE BEATLES
Who Needs A Fake I.D? DM Me.
I think what I should do is eat a whole lot. That always makes me feel better.
Ask your gay friends what rap/hip-hop they listen to... you already know the answers though...
I got some Diamond OG kush to match up witcha
Wow, nice attitude. Where'd you get it? 'Abercrombie and B!­tch?
WE WANT MORE SHARK TANK! WE WANT MORE SHARK TANK! WE WANT MORE SHARK TANK! WE WANT MORE SHARK TANK!
yea seriously getting the gears in motion for the movement
I never said I got over you. I still like you. And I don't wanna watch the girl I like delete.
Liam's face hahah
truely sorry I couldnt go to the freshman frenzy :(
Taking my Bootcamp lessons at "the nail and cuticle pushing factory, inc."
Today is my last day at work. Will miss you GTU Library!!!
Okay, cool..
next week works. Do you ever play poker? There's a bar with a free game on tues/thurs?
No mater wat people will always hate... So just do u and be ur self... Enough said...
Back on American soil baby
haha good call!
The best part of me was always you.
Happy day to all...Its seems World Events and Gas keeps going up as burnt cash!
Friday night we hit Cowley's in Farmington for more hijinks on the open seas of your mind. Bring a life preserver.
I try to avoid the mall. Last time, I saw a girl in a banana suit.
Just saw Super 8 with my middle son, David. What a powerful bit of story-telling that was!
of course ; honestly ; im REALLY happy for youu poo.cuz ii kno you not a bad person .&& you deserve som1
Not being able to see At The Sight Of You tonight made me so mad. Today was just awful! Gah, I'm going to bed. I hope tomorrow's better.
Remember failure is success turned inside out.....so stay positive & go at your dreams with all your heart..failure happens when don't
Fantastic job cast and crew! This run was truly a magic carpet ride!
THANK YOU!!!
nice to meet you last night!
#arentyoutiredof rude ass people!!
I almost died when I found in my magazine today. <3
that RL have overstepped the "bounds of civil discourse." That's music to my ears.
I guess its church tonight
that's the design fee
That dog is staring you down, too!
Chuck Brown - Bustin' Loose
Thanks for the RT!
MY BESTI WILL ALWAYS BE IN MY LIFE, I WISH IT WAS SUMMER, I TO CHEER ME UP :(
so people don't do that on here?
being recognized at centercourt for D-League Championship
sorry to hear about this
": Brunch with a patron sour..... is it too early to be drinking?"never too early! (as long as others are with you,lol)
We are looking for the hippest online Muslim fashion and accessories stores in USA & Canada please suggest them here!
I fell off a jet ski, into water, and broke my leg
No, Twitter, I do not want to follow Mitt Rommney.
I need to get on top of that too!!!
You going in like a Lil Wayne Drake song! Rotf OKAY! ALRIGHT!
Thinking about how long it would take to grow a $$$ tree and how many scratch off tix do I need to buy?
SINQ: Wee folks crowd-sourcing science questions shared in the Life Relevant Learning session
A group of several people with camera phones are recording the Q&A session. Check Youtube later this evening.
That's fine! She seems normal haha
Polish Festival yesterday, today! Yay, #toledo!
Conditioning/shooting session with the little bro
I get to work on this beautiful mothers day! YAY!
haha! You just made my day :D
NIKE Camp School and #1 ranked and TN Director play Giles County tonight for Sectional Championship!
Do you want to design the next poster for Get in touch with
Style is whatever makes you feel however you want to feel at that moment!
#Blagojevich statement keeps getting interrupted by people chanting "free our governor"
Rapping the refresh button on austin's page to see if he has reached #5OOKMAHOMIES yet #itsamahomiething :)
Checking twitter on my phone while my computer is up in front of me cause I'm an IDIOT.
or just happily modified.
I might go. RT ": I bet all the sophomore hoes are going to the game tomorrow.. in other words, all the hoes I hate."
My phoone is so slow
Yeah, I think they r a great band
got my work out on and my slushie on with my boy
Up too early to find out I don't have to be at school till 9:30
#igetThatAlot everybody wants SEO advise but few are willing to pay for it.
Elease really not about that life tho
#erl12 faculty questions: what's needed, what's not needed?, what's not here but multidisciplinary? What's not on any lists?
Only major plan for today pre-#doctorwho meetup: head to Ramova Grill for lunch...and to say goodbye.
Oceanside Police: The death of former NFL star Junior Seau is being investigated as a suicide.
I’m not one of those girls who will sit there and let things happen. I’m a girl who will go out and make things happen.
UFunny.The 1st time I saw him I said "That cute guy got 2have Puerto Rican in him w those BigPuppyDogEyes". No lie!
I wanna go on the ABDC stage and prove to haters that DREAMS COME TRUE
Yeah its a risky thing too do but maybe he will take the vet minimum
I get emails informing me that i havent checked facebook in a while and i may have missed some important pictures and statuses? #seriously?
I can't believe you haven't seen it! It's very entertaining. B LOVES those movies.
come home from work, pop open a landshark, and listen to michael savage, doesn't get better
RT : OMG DO NOT TAKE PICTURES OF STYLISH PEOPLE OUT ON THE STREET AND ASK THEM WHERE THEY GET THEIR CLOTHES!
It possible to go to McDonald and ask for a McDouble with lettuce and tomatoes
When watching the snow now, I hear you calling out every time someone enters someone else's room.
Just munched a 'Pink heart' road goodie worth 2 points!
Clay Matthews showing he's more than just a pass rusher. Nice pick!
You're welcome. I have mad faith in you. :)
I "need a heavy dose of ritalin", and a nice relaxing climb up a tree. I want to see the city limits with a focused mind, centered, in love.
happy Friday guys!
jealous! See you after!
I bought them online! :)
lol mom got on status so what todo lol wow
to who exactly ?? Lol
Shit I'm with it, All the way down 4 it joe. Summers almost here!
We made it to SPICMACAY's classical Indian music concert last night @ UVa... awesome music + free samosas = great Saturday night!
The Dark Knight Rises I'm guessing this movie is sponsored by Viagra.
regardless this series is proving me wrong. This is just ill. Again you don't respect Miami so you think everyone will have a shot.
That bison sacrificed the yearling like Shane shot Otis on Walking Dead #Frozen Planet
Its friday night and the temp is perfect!
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool imma jack off in class .
RT : I dont really care who read my tweets thats why my page aint private
Wow! Really busy week but being busy is great!
Not that us PacNW girls have it figured out, but its strange that Cali girls eye brows change colors and range in size.
Like anyone
hey guyss ! (: iwont be doing the story iwas doing anymore ,im sorry ireally am ..but its because im writers blocked D; BUT IM GOIN TO START
Computer Games is my favorite album ever!!!
I can't tell you guys apart when you're both being goons hahah #lovebothofyou:)
The yolo for cats is yolnt…… you only live nine times!!:)
Lol im seating here thinking of something deep to say but nothings coming to mind.. Oh well
The tan/boobs combo on 's avi is legendary
ladies and geeks - it's official that n will be at El Mari Chi Chi this Satday at midnight.
He's one in a million, which makes my chances about a million to one...
hahahaha!!! you know, i think that's exactly what said, too! ;)
I grew up in an unincorporated farm town so I totally get it man...
Things will always fall apart.
can't thank you enough for spreading the msg about GBESS Telesummit! You are promoting #green #biz success!
Thank u for the recommendation. We will definitely think about keeping the tax forms outside.
I THINK THAT IS THE BEST SHOW ON ALL OF TELEVISION.
“: she be at everybody” <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B> hi hater
Oh my god...wait a minute. The Giants won the Super Bowl?!?
": this white guy is fine as hell.. lmao I don't even like white guys lol I love black guys"
A couple of Latin Restaurants on 161st as you walk toward Grand Concourse.
I am only an intern remember. Not much pull, I tried lol Keep trying don't give up.
Ice packs my foot and heating pad on my back. I just may be getting too old for soccer. Perhaps water aerobics will be my next sport...
Excited for 's launch of thinkbinder.com—awesome new tech to help students study. Check it out &
Biden! Rocks the constitution! Perhaps he has studied it.
Wondering what my #photographer friends think the best ultraportable camera is, for when I can't carry my DSLR. Any advice?
#Crazy night in your mall. Lots of chaos: 9:30p police chasing a man through mall outside the theater. Not my kinda night. Sad.
Dude just stole my parking space and said "first come first serve." I was like "this is an apartment complex stupid...I paid for that spot."
"i found you!"
not currently, but I have in the past - how 'bout you? do you have compassion for this cluelessness?
Sometimes I get in my moods, but then I realize how amazing my life is and how much it would suck to be anyone else.
You're so ugly, when you walk into the bank they turn off the cameras.
Denver Walk to Empower donation deadline extended to July 17! walk.networkofstrength.org/denver. Ensure no one faces breast cancer alone.
Correct. Night. :p
are we doin this mañana or que
I JUST WANT ONE SO BADLY AND I DON'T WANNA WRITE THIS PAPER AND I JUST WANNA SLEEP AND DRINK.
“: you shoulda came out last night. I got swamp ass and batwing!” wtf is batwing? Lmao
Wait what? Orlando came back?
Getting my hair trimmed for the hair model shoot tomorrow for a T&G fashion show by the coordinating director of Tony & Guy. =]
We love your style !
please tell me you still have my bottle of svedka safe and sound in your room?
thanks!! have a great weekend!
let's be honest, your brain didn't even go down to Miami with you. ; p
Why am I up ?
it totally kicked my ass! i think i'm gonna stick with it, no wonder i was in such great shape at 20, hahaha
Invites all couchsurfers to join the twestival this Thursday!
I HATE Dom being the 18 over Soony. Absolutely hate it.
Swear I Dont Like People For Nothing
Central New York here
to enjoy the hell hole that is white plains...idfk ?!
What did the undergrads do?
Looking forward to see you more in near future.
it's like: move forward in your life, get a good job with upward mobility, gain financial stability, afford a house... or try to be an actor
i've never hosted b4
2 weeks left of summer. Oh sheet
yeah tobacco causes flares
Perhaps "arguing"is not the correct term; however "confrontation" is sometimes necessary with "bully" behavior.
than why did you askk?
let's do it
Funny how things happen sometimes. Opportunities suddenly come knocking and then it all makes sense why a certain door had 2 close.
it could be a tricky matchup for the spurs. clippers are very athletic and we remember what happened last yr vs. the grizz
Ya Buffs!
"I probably wasn't there 15 minutes...when I suddenly came right out and asked her to marry me"- LT on wife Fran
Newt should manufacture pre-cogs on the moon colony.
Beginning Round 1 of our all day vet extravaganza.
It is said the #thatcamp gods are capricious and vengeful so thank you for the suggestion.
#TeamFollowBack Follow Me And I Will Follow Back.
1.5 weeks till i go to hawaii. So excited. My band gets to play for the anniversary for pearl harbor.
STAMPED-N-DIVAS DID THE MARCH OF DIME WALK ON SATURDAY.LETS GO DIVAS!
:) RT : seriously follow and dnt unfollow -_____- dnt be dick and do it D:< #NOW! #NOW! #NOW! (:<
Good luck and preemptive congrats!
"That was beautiful. What did I do?" Nuke LaLoosh
RT : #IfIWereAPet They damn well would have to treat me right.... I hate when ppl mistreat animals!!
rocked the whiskey a gogo last night! check em out!
No need for a new bodyguard. The Top Hat won't make it to Vegas, but the ring could serve as an extra weapon to help protect!!
Summer nights feel so good :)
Parents of tattooed teen sue NH school district - Fox News
I hate school.
I sent the email questions today. Answer whenever convenient, please.
YEAH, BUDDY! I'm sure they can blow a few picks on Lawrence Phillips types, though.
#BroadbandBreakfast Kamber says #Connect2Compete "opens a door" for Seniors even though they're not the focus
Got to the gym last night, started working out, then realized I still had a heart drawn on my hand. Thanks !
Met you in Atlanta 2010-Jan. at the Salute to Greatness afterparty. We were the couple on stage performing at the afterparty.
607 s. 12th st east nash. Tonight & tom we play. Snique said he got a new #
REALLY, BROOKE?
Starting to think I can only write at Starbucks. Bad espresso = hopefully not so bad prose.
It's from when I was overseas, I'm being deployed again in a few months. ^_^ Be gone for another year.
oh okay haha I thought I was missing out on something, the rumors were flying for the past weeks.
S/O to PaperStack Graphics - D.Jones
.. Come eat with us (obvious choice)! See if there's a reservation available :)
If you get a blood transfusion from someone whos really drunk do you get drunk too????!!!!! #deepthought <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I think it'll make my paper better, but including it adds a bit of unexpected work.
Oh how I miss that office
Want to cover the 2012 HBCU Awards? Contact today.
you know it
If Kathy & Hoda can drink wine at work, why can't I?
Listen to Win Alison Kraus & Union Station tickets at 8:40! Show is Mar 31 at Playhouse Square!
General Cartwright says Lead in prevention or recovery is best approach -
how bizarre they should make it Elvis Preseli day :))
i miss Cullen in the #greenandyellow. dude is a monster.
daughter because she is such a good child who has had to make many sacrifices because her brother has a lot of special needs.
OH: "I'm not saying I'll never be in a relationship again, but that person would have to be head over heels for me." That is awesome.
Unemployed mom of 3 facing eviction gets clothes & toiletries for her kids. We give what we get.
RT "How about don't do it. That's appropriate." In response to how actors should appropriately handle unsolicited drop-offs.
Need motivation
There are still places in this afternoon's workshops starting at 1:30. If you'd like to attend one, please stop by the registration desk.
If you haven't been wearing blue all day, then go fuck yourself. That team from the big 10 sucks
Have a wonderful and productive day! : )
Voices in the Clouds sound mix is complete!
The mind goes on forever. So learn as much as you can while on earth.
Christinaleona.com come with me in my journey!!!! Follow my blog. Retweet please!!! :)
Apparently it's OC's Prom tonight; be careful guys and have fun! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
#VIP #Follow #TEAMFOLLOWBACK Thank you sweetie for your cool shoutout. Have a beautiful Week! : ) XOXOXO
I love when I get to diagram a sentence to explain why it's grammatically incorrect. Total
Its been a good day! Time for bed now!
The #teaparty fights for the rights of the 1% that they're not even a part of. #occupywallstreet fights for the rights of the other 99%.
i have two prom dress options I just need to narrow down :)
Thanks for being so cool!
Do you have need for a Sales Rep / Full-Cycle, Direct Hire, Executive Recruiter with a clinical background and 12+ years of consultative sa…
Today was amazing<3
Thanks to my sista for taking me to find my outfit and my sista B Love for the room can't wait we going in!
#LoseMyNumber because it's not like we talk anymore..
Done turned straight business, left dat other bullshit alone.
Thanks for the follow Sabrina, we are checking you out!
Great performance from the boys last night. Got the W and most importantly backed each other up. Thanks to SKCNation for showing up!
happy freaking mother's day to you too.
Signing remodeling estimates.
I'm an American, sir, and I will never bow to those who wish to destroy me or my nation.
Thoughts and prayers go out to the Schwallie family. All gave some, some gave all. Thank you Jake.
We are painting the bball court this week @
of course. Those guys rule. Hope to see you at the fights
BOUTA HIT DE LAB.!!!!GOT SUM NEW HOT SHIID NEED TUH GET OFF MA CHEST
Beach day with the family <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
If you can change one thing about today's government, what would it be?
January 23 AND December 1, but no special day for tiny pies. :(
Comedy of errors at the yoga studio. It's too early...
PJ & Hillary played well. PJ had a few nice tackles at the LOS. Hillary was beat deep once, but a poor throw saved him.
I also have power blazers, I could wear one in solidarity with you if you'd like. I'm not afraid of shoulder pads.
yes, i want.
3-0 #Brewers in the 2nd as Tony Plush tickles one into the outfield.
was there really a quote from me in Twist magazine!!! :)
From Craft in America: "Threads is featured on the PBS Arts page! Watch short clips on artists Terese Agnew,
There are very few people in life with whom you can have real, meaningful conversations. Be grateful for those who can and do.
You stealer!!! 's my fave character! :)
Thanks for the follow. Do you know ?
the do/don't-learn-to-code thing seems to be a real windfall for people who needed something new to argue about
Countdown to NIOSA, This might hurt a little...... I'll be there about 6:30...... Holla. if your in the place we'll meet up.
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.18
Our rad sound man Wayne at Bryan St Tavern got chased by a chicken while mowing his lawn before he arrived
I keep my grammar well rehearsed, correct each stutter, every slur, come on and have your way with me.
Thanks do much! Glad you enjoyed the show! :)
Reggie got a little too excited. "yes... Yes.. Yes" yeah we get it.
I wish was a relationship councilor. He would probably be the only guy my boyfriend would ever listen to.
Have you seen the Harry Shearer doc The Big Uneasy? Good stuff
I forgot you had all of my Spotify playlists on speed dial.
thanks so much! Love this sunshine. Hope you have a great rest of yours too :-)
leaving the bar I'm in Houston when u coming to c me
' culture disgusts me: lazy, no responsibility for actions, and lack of empowered decentralized employees.
lol you gonna send md a letter?!
Hey! I finally followed you :D
you gave got to be kidding. No more Melo or AI thank god
These are the Pieces of Me!
Doing good. Just got back from a few days in Oscoda on the water. Always relaxing. How's life in the D? ;)
I used to have peace serenity teaching divninity break bred sippin on blood eating with enemies
Syracuse is going to have a major foul issue if #OhioState keeps getting it inside!
Slight Work
You have to have a mission critical purpose to hold a community together. True for any type of group.
sorry i'm not DmIng you my laptop died so i had to use my phone! Aha(:
Thanks we will of course love to like you on facebook! Hope you stay uptodate with us we'll be releasing our first items soon!
Hey guys, check out our songs if you haven't yet :] www.listn.to/afterplayrewind
Call daddy
So you don't think history has an effect on the present?
Im real to an extent, but i never like to get personal with ppl, cause i hate seeing ppl cry, Its like they get real ugly w/ wrinkles
installing Samsung's firmware update for my Galaxy Tab,now with Swype! The one thing keeping me from being productive on it. xing fingers..
No matter if you want to admit it or not deep down inside of you there is still a desire for an us
. we read the news in tweet size increments. One group that says "smash" is Black Bloc. when stuff gets smashed, that's who we see.
Honing in on the #music #DJ lineup 4 #NYE2012 #lasvegas party with a purpose!
Prince Harry in Drag dancing oLe Freack
I'm so lucky to have someone in my life that truly loves me. So many people love someone that doesn't love them back :(
idk it just doesnt seem as entertainin as the first two
Thanks for an evening of art-fun. The best kind of fun there is.
I have to pack tonight... Maybe next week?
is my new fave jewelry line!
RT : #Habitat's vision: a world where everyone has a decent place to live.
Saw Rob Little at Zanies in Old Town last night Hilarious! My girlfriend bruised a rib laughing!
Amazing work with #CruiseControl love it, keep it up!
“: "The most important battle is one to conquer yourself." - Yanni”
The #Bulls are going to win tonight.
going to the park for a jogging session, wish me luck.
All systems go, the API is back up-and-running.
I busted out laughing, my daughter just sat their confused. One day - it will all make sense- I told her
Opposites attract is total bullshit
lol thank god for twitter. Omg. I want to go home
kk and I'll bring your book
I need to get on the 2:25 train so can we leave at 1:30 plzzzzz....
Good to see MMJ in attendance.
Thanks for the post up!
3 shows to go. At Universal
followed you.(: sent me.
Real glory springs from the silent conquest of ourselves. ~Anonymous
Hansen: we need access to media that operates beneath our perception, currently monopolized by corporations: facebook, google.
Kick Stetz for me. Tell him I miss him.
Do it! I'll sit on the board of advisors (hic).
Do you hate eggplant? You do! You would love whats in our gallery! You don't? Come punch the artist! #Gallerynight #Don't
Nothing like my fav Neil Diamond singing "America" in the Macy's day parade...it's almost as good as my karaoke version!
Very very soon... :)
Another beautiful Chicago day! How's everyone doing today? Blessed, I am.
do you have any thoughts on possible solutions? As educators you would think we can come up with some sort of a fair system.
Just can't get down with a potential state hoops tourney move to GB. I hope Madison and the Field House get their stuff together.
drinking coffee and continuing my reading of god is not great by Christopher Hitchens, i don't have class until 12 woo
Tomorrows friday.
We would gladly take care of you.
#Friday the 13th. Can pull covers over my head or laugh all the way into the office. I choose the latter!
yeah brah, 2nd floor silencio section behind the elevators it would be an honor
I'd love to be a drag queen, but I have all the wrong equipment.
SS! IM HIDING FROM THE VOICES
fun fact: the lighthouse at the port of Jorf Lasfar is known to be unreliable.
You should be my queen ?
Damnit ND needs to break this press coverage.
If Turner develops like we think he can
also in first appearance depending on charges a defendant is also considered for pretrial release or detention
People who get in a relationship& forget who they friends are, the ones who been there for u thru everything,& when u was broke looked out <
6 days till BTW Anniversary so excited
speculates Red Bryant to the Patriots. Nothing like getting attached to a player and having him go to your most hated squad.
The CHOOSE LIFE shirt is back today! Http://www.lovesickclothing.com
do you like modern family?(:
I was born this way
"Oil is harmful, expensive and polluting. Power from the sun is none of them."
I know, I'm mean sometimes, but some people really deserve it...
Folks, it was almost 50 degrees today...ice NOT safe. At least 2 of 4 teens fall through out at Washington park walking across lagoon.
yes I can and I just did
what kind of design on the key chain?
Who is waking up bright and early to run tomorrow?
I had to go home! Ah! Tomorrow!
You've never had eggnog? Yo son... *DC voice*
need some words of advice? I'll be up all night! HMU!
not you smartass
#SubwayBuy1Get1 Early birds will get that :) guess that I'm not one of those lol
hmm...trying to avoid compulsive weather.com checking before storm hits Baltimore
After looking at images of slavery for a while, want to go take a shower.
lol u really not
I MISS YOUR FACCCEEEE! (^^)
#Librotraficante caravan delivered a payload of $20,000 worth of books to our young heroes in Tucson. Thank you everyone.
Hamadas is a nice spot
All smiles this morning!;-) Have a great day tweets!
Watching the best team in the NBA the Celtics. “: Chillin... Watching this 76ers & Bulls game!! What y'all up to twit fam?”
I'm spending my bday with #oomf ..!
You will have to elaborate on this sometime. Not sure what it all means. Troubles with the new iPad?
trying to buy into your franchise! Praying! :-)
Classic Dr. Who episodes are the best. I watched them in the '80s, but rarely watch current episodes.
hahah but i NEED it ! :(
“: not much just chillin! What about u!:)
I feel you on that. ;)
True RT : no you hate the fans
Me and turned water into wine
Welcome to our latest addition to our team...Melody! Melody joins our team with years of experience! We look forward to you meeting her!
rt - Stamped Concrete Patios Etc. www.ConcreteGeorgia.com 770-380-5277 Compare To Pavers - Looks Like Real Stone !
I'm the only one that doesn't think my opinions are unpopular.
The chamber of commerce is so important to a city.it's disturbing how the BOD allows to spend $ recklessly & turnover is bad
Next up Archiving Video, web and big data (Veronica) and Hydra (Deborah and Mike) at
Hey Broncos fans, have you been voting Tebow and Prater for Top 9 Moments? If not, do so at www.top9moments.com
What are your favorite search engines other than Google, Bing, Yahoo and Ask?
Bosson asks if the court should be concerned with 3 Democratic pairings.
I'll definitely drop by during #SDBW to see you and How long will you guys be in town?
hopefully no one ever gets ahold of my laptop....
Hehhe. That was too cute. I will :D thanks
awesome! Congrats!! Can't wait to Meet the latest padawan
no problem!
U/D Vincent - Fire under control at 10:37am; 46 FFs on 17 pieces of apparatus in 27 min, no injuries, Fire Investigators on scene
Megamillions update: tomorrow's jackpot is up to $540 MILLION!!!
Lol neither mine! :'D
Would you mind taking some pics of the arena/line for all the TNA fans? That would be much appreciated!
I bet still feels guilty for her actions just moments ago lol
I'll smoke u again
are you still alive?
Love it when comes into my mathematics!
36 days with out a cigarette complete.
I seem to remember that #Ping was the name of a duck in a children's story-book.
Tony: Ok, we are in a law-enforcement caravan going south on the northbound lane on 45.
hope you are having a nice day! can't wait until you come to America :) x
I know that you didn't eat the pear!
Happy day of mothers
it's become second nature. It's in most households & all over TV.
i just decide that #bosstone would be a rad dj name
#SongsIKnowOffByHeart the classics
#WhyBeInARelationshipIf your only in it for the SEX
Ended up at a private karaoke bar tonight, where the same video about cameras and bike accidents played behind both Madonna & Radiohead.
Oh god I hope not. Sorry about that let me see what's going on.
Sharing at #heartcamp #miami!
gettn me a Teddy bear :)
Awesome, look forward to having you!
Don't forget our show this friday at bayside bowl at 630!!
Bronson says was flight attendant of the year 3x in a row from '06-'08 out of 3,000 Delta employees based out of Detroit.
I like this move
thanks for the new follows and of #MoviePal rock!
Goals are dreams with deadlines - Diana Hunt
How long are you in NY.. I land 2morrow.
$2 off Breakfast with Santa. Yummy treats, Santa pics, pony rides, petting zoo, holiday music, gifts & more! Go to www.KUIK.com
Where are we going to hide the cheerleaders?
"I Am The HEAD and NOT the Tail"...
We'd like to wish Heather Seybold a very Happy Birthday!!! Come join us next week as she teaches mixed media week!
Thank you for tweeting out the Warren video!
i'm betting it was the first of its season
What summer street fests are people headed to?
i just cycled, i started at episode 1... again.
5 days until Media briefing underway!
Not really, doll...just more all-white-guy programming.
Pow!! RT : Who are you as a leader if no one is following you? ....... One simply taking a walk!!!!!!"
A miracle may happen tonight - I might be done with my homework before midnight!
just let me know when dude!
oh shit i think b diddy just dislocated his kneecap
I hate you I was about to blow my moms phone up to buy them -.-
armed and dangerous baby
#schoolmemories when I got caught cheating on my midterm with the answer sheet under the test
for real
They just made a The Swan joke on the Fox 25th retrospective. Check out the West Coast feed!
Yeeeess:) building the buzz.. It's going to be great!!!!:):) lots to do:):) Big Hugs...
. That he was born in Hawaii. Trump's efforts to remain in the spotlight are beginning to reek of desperation.
you should be verified on you deserve it! <3 PEACE,LOVE,VANITY<333 ^.^= //
Full day at ESPN for tomorrow. Starting with and staying busy all day. That includes D-Mac and J-Mac.
I feel sleepy... but i cant go to sleep .... BLAH fml
Coming soon! California Wine Marketing Group-providing helpful PR/Media & strategic marketing advice for wineries! More info to come!
It's late but our Facebook just hit it's 400th fan! Reminds us of all of our fans and how thankful we are for all of you!
Girls he will always want what he can't have. But rest assured because he also wants you....he just wishes you were a little more....
Thank you for allowing me to be great with you!
Thanks for the RT, Flormz...Hope all is well in your world.
Dinner with and our girls tonite was nice. Great friends, great times. Special appearances by and elmo didn't hurt!
Close your eyes and make believe this is where you want to be Forgetting all the memories, try to forget love cuz loves forgotten me
#MYB RT "Valerie, did you give somebody the business today?" Me: "Yes I did. Have you been twatching?"Lmaao
thanks for the retweet!!!
Forecast for Today: A slight chance of thunderstorms. Occasional rain this morning. Then occasional showers this...
Remember Baby Bash? Dude was terrible, lol.
thanks for #FF !!
In #Seattle, even the new iMacs at the stylish hotel run
Why do we think so small? Have a BIG idea today!
do you have a bathroom I could use? I really have to pee.
// concert at was crazy awesome!!
Thunder intimidate you. They are young, and cocky. You guys should be able to push this series to 6 or 7 games and possibly
psh if they lookin play the music n give em a show #yolo right??
#nw Howard The Duck
Don't be scared to focus
Sing your Heart out with the Soulo Karaoke app for iPad, wow your friends with your singing talent and belt out your favorite tunes
OMG! Just saw ur msg. Sure we can take ur pix! Msg me deets!
wish you were at the meet today! i missed you! :(
he'll never pay for a drink in manchester again. RT : Ya no. Ahora es Sir Kun.
What?! Clearly I need to get out of the office more.. ;)
Thank you for following!
A EXCELENT DAY AND NIGHT!!!!!!!!! TY FOR EVERYTHING....
Looking forward to talking to HBA-DC this evening about Latinos and the Internet.
BREAKING: US official: Navy SEAL team that rescued 2 Somalia hostages was the same that killed bin Laden.
Thurs to Sat, We are opent until 3am? Come by b4 or after going out for a delicious Torta.
Your media partners at KGTV just said capacity crowd...
Thank you for checking in on Foursquare last night! How was your evening?
It's very much appreciated.
- please remove me from your sales mailing list. Thank you very much!
KEEP SIPPING ON THAT DRINK GIRL
come on Kyle is an honest person who says it like it is Brandi just looks to start stuff an jab at people
All classic poultry horror.
Kovalchuk has got to be Jelly cause #Jam don't shake like that!!
Damm I'm really eating to much shit I need to stop going back to the gym tonight
Heading over to get ready for !!! Stop by the booth and say hi (maybe buy some shirts...)
"Sweet Caroline" #NowPlaying at The Dubliner. (Cash only bar)
Nokia Shows Off Flexible Mobile Device of the Future [VIDEOS]
goes the Dynamite?
You’re packing for #springbreak: What’s the one item you can’t leave home without? (Me: walkable shoes.)
Aw congrats! What hospital are you at? Are you doing 12 hr shifts next semester? I suggest it! RT First day of hospital clinical!
hey! Next time you have to take me too! Since apparently it's "so" good.. ;)
that was a flop if I've ever seen one.
Hey Doc buddy how r u? I miss ya, everything is going just fine here in Steel Town!!!
Runyon once again . Dinner kale and chicken! Yum
and , We'd love to see you both! Did you know our exhibit about children in the Holocaust ends 3/18?
Seriously people need to stop complaining. I think it's a "perk" to have on newsstands.
New Bite Me/ZGB episode! Live in 15 minutes! :D
10 Common Website Mistakes and How to Fix Them
I smell some hatin goin on here!!
Im Hearin Wale's New Album Is Live!!!! I heard some of it today so Ima Go Get A Copy Tomorow Then....I Support Good Music
RT : TALKING TO ON THE PHONE :) TALKING ABOUT , & THAT TRASHY HOE
“: 8 picks in 3 quarterbacks no defensive tackles. That's good for the Broncos. Draft is deep with DTs” great point
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities. -Maya Angelou
They were DELICIOUS! RT Grabbing tapas w for Lauren's birthday!!
i know all hers and she knows mine
I know this may have been addressed... Why are they playing Saw 2?
lmao if she don't like snow, cold, violence and overly priced cost of living HELL NAW she don't need to live here!
Belly full of crab legs!
Anybody want to do anything today?
A new Jan Vesely Diaries coming up in a sec...
I totally agree! From birchbox? That was how I was introduced to color club
9TH INNING: ROLL OUT THE #ROLLRUS AND PREPARE THE BUKKIT, ITS STREAK TIME!
Listening to on social business design here
Ep 3 of #veep feeling like at his best. Love the cursing!
We're working on our April newsletter, so if you have any cool events happening this month, let us know and we'll add it in.
No I didn't see a bday invite...but making sure this isn't spam. Please confirm b4 I click. Thx!
yes, come see us!
Do you need your friends to help you?
Happy mothers day to my twitterless momma <3
Listening to in the office today :)
Do not do to others what you would not like done to you.
I love Space Mountain. Alas, no Belle. I just found a souvenir for you though! Holla!
The pollsters never come to the Inner city to hear our opinions, they are always into the big City. Polls don't win Elections
just hanging on the couch now... you know.
": Just mad thoughts to think about ."
#mb makes mah jaws drop lol
Thanks for including me!
Took an hr of my monday to go see the exhibit of Van Gogh's at the Philadelphia Museum of Art. Now I feel like it's Friday.
Shit's so hot right now! hahaha
its but thank you sir.
Twitter just recommend I follow myself since I just started following me. I'm confused.
bahaha thanks so much my love!!!!! :)
Starting new job today!
What Spacy Singer Forgot Her Underwear Back on Earth? We were 12 parsecs outside the Alpha Centauri cluster when our long-range sensors p
..new a Morrison, once..could rival even the most gorgeous of men, but trey trey, TREY desola, hated a good woman..punished them for,
can't wait to read the review!
are too, Michael!! Thanks for watching....
can't get the nose to quit dripping. thanks pixar. gah...
95% of the motherfuckers that will judge you aren't even worth a damn
Really? Ive been lusting after them for a while now.
It is so much easier to wake up when birds are singing! It's feelin' like
working out always is an issue for me. Sweat tends to make it sting.
so what I said isn't working? I haven't heard of that problem? :-/
50 shades of Marc.
you too bro. You comin back anytime soon?
Everyone make sure to wish a very happy birthday.
You do a playgroup based support group. There is a mom who just started a No Nuts playgroups nationally...
Your math may be off. Don't forget they guy who yells "Stroke!," the guy who beats the drum, & the guy who whips the rowers!
My 3 year old brother:" WOW look at that far away!!!" lol what?
But truthfully to ask that question before an elimination game kinda sucks!
what's your favorite social network? we recently joined Pinterest!
and they did!! Bron chokes again > “: The only way that missed free throw is a big deal is if the Bulls win.”
God is Great
Excited to hopefully share some exciting news with you all soon!
That's some real talk bro :/
Imma Call Ian for a spot in the studio for Monday bruh
I Need My Hair Done!!!!
US spends twice as much on health care as Canada, France, Germany and Britain, our life expectancy = bottom of list. US Health Care=Big Fail
Man, if it weren't for the Eye Removal scene my elder daughter and I would be at the Avengers right now... - DvL
it's because the clouds trap the warm air down here near the surface so when they're gone, we're exposed to all the cold air.
nice to meet you starving! Hahah my mom always says that to me..
sleep it off and drink Gatorade in the morning!
Cradle to Cradle a process we are implementing in our work daily.. What new uses have you created with a cardboard shipping box?
Thanks for the tweet! Hope we'll see you Friday for the parade!
im posted lol weneva n u patna dem so u kno im still gn match
If you don't think you're making a difference in someone's life just do what I do and blow dry your hair at 11:42 PM to be sure.
I highly dislike LBJ but him telling Mario to "Box him(Melo) the fuck out" was awesome
Wisconsin natives now have a 2nd favorite team. The Seattle Seahawks. Russell Wilson to Seahawks in 3rd.
Dressing up like a doctor in spanish and asking people if they want surgery>>>
Jack's Camera adds Klaggle consumer product ratings online to increase engagement, retention and revenue. www.jackscamera.com
Wow, really? LOL too funny, she's so convinced that it's different. Obviously with her for her looks. Haha
I have 11 floor burns on my knees from diving
I never thought I'd see the day when Puck made me cry.. well at least when he wasn't beating me up..
Sounds painful.
Harry Potter tickets and Sara Bareillis tonight at DTE! You've got to love how 963 WDVD hooks ya up!
Ramirez is heating up!
Special shout out to ...She's the bomb-diggity dawg.
I'd buy tickets if the O's were more worried about on-field performance than income statement performance.
It really doesn't matter that the Bucks aren't in the playoffs. David Stern wouldn't let them win a championship. The NBA is fixed.
Bengals are the local team where I grew up, but I HATED them. Stopped caring when they got nubs for 10 yrs.
Julius Mays transferring to Kentucky is huge. Instant experience and scoring.
I can't believe how unpredictable the NFL playoffs have been.
Mind is blown right now. So good at
i dont like my neighborhood full of racists
This is about to be an interesting drive back. Estimated arrival: 3am -_-
i mean, really. you are such a tool.
I need a new phone cover!!!:(
Whatever my students are singing! :) : What kind of #music do you listen to while you work?
Solid comedic relief amidst this Oden disaster. RT Jazz's Hayward just had his first monster dunk.
Enjoyinq this weather
Thats what I like to hear! Tell your friends about
I MISS YOU SO MUCH BESTFRIEND!
trying to listen right now, but it's not working... :/ could be a browser compatibility issue?
Music festival?
Everybody love yourself first then you'll truly find out how to love someone else.
Wheels down FLL. Time to get our #Agile on
Side Note: what's really messed up is I can get Ushers Climax out of my head(Shakes Fist) Damn U Usher
Yep. Are you familiar with it? I'm the editor/designer/production director
You know how they have the bags of 2 instead of one big bag inside the boxes? yeah
<U+0093>Nobody got anywhere in the world by simply being content.<U+0094> - Louis L<U+0092>Amour
"blue grass" even worse!?
LET'S HAVE AN ICONIC CAR WASH
#nowplaying like moths to flames-sweet talker :)))) love this dann ep so much
Got to a little later than expected, but caught the last half of 's seminar... good stuff!
Wanna b a star
Seriously!! My car doors and locks are frozen!
“ I gave him that "cake". && he put his name on it. Lol.”smh
Nicely put, Kelly. It amazes me how many people don't get it.
Somewhere right now Lawrence Taylor is gettin high as hell lmao...
Indeed, thank you for joining us!
Freaking starving
I wanna chill with some new people this summer :D
wat kind of music do u like?
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I met
- You know it!
working to get talent signed up for latest property... ah, celebrities!
Recording your daily successes in a journal so that you can quickly review them from time to time is a really powerful thing.
Wow. I can't believe they made that call.
Finally. Bedtime. Sweet dreams urrrbody.
Apparently my phone hasn't received a text since 5:30 last night, I just got them ALL right now. Fuck this thing.
MT drop the "single" & just say ur a parent I mean, the single is kind of implied when on a dating show.
Dick Clark has died. The Zombie Apocalypse shall now begin.
My heart goes out to all the victims, survivors, and first responders of the Japan earthquakes and tsunamis. The footage of the...
i think you're from the state of awesome. it's where awesome people come from. i'm from there.
Four straight W's against West Philly's finest on the blacktop tonight.
Working on new sites for rdvo and metaverb
Nerd alert!
Felt another earthquake this evening.... Shook the couch in the basement
Feel like I'm talking to one of my relatives in the Philippines every time I call into Chase customer service...
At this time next week I'll be at the Van Halen concert. With any luck they won't break up again before then
great quote: "campaigns financed by the 1% will never earn the confidence of the 99%"
Shoutout to Sending you love from Cali :-)
There, there. :) RT 2 hours in Twitter jail. Geez.
why do all dogs like dryer sheets?
I swear I have new content in the works. I swear that it is awesome. Sometimes, I just swear. SWEAR!
was right mint will be very big this year !!
You are so correct. Submissive is honoring respecting and sharing
indeed it was.
I swear I always fall for your type
Descending to Detroit! Took off late and my connection is late taking off so hopefully I'll make it
#thatawkwardmomentwhen i am actually wanting to be productive and do homework, but i don't have any to do...
Keeping the faith in my men in Res tonight.
The Heat lose one game, and people start saying Spolstra and Wade are terrible.
Happy thursday! Just one more day till friday.....yes!!!!!!!!!!
Lmao only Adele can do that!
Bliss April 26th
Perfect night, perfect morning, perfect bday (:
umm just saw your twitter avatar. looking gorg. you know as in gorgeous.
I hate when you tweet someone and they dont reply):
So I made a BIG commitment today. Let's just say running has made me feel "comfortable being UNcomfortable." THIS skill will come in handy!
RT : Y.O.G.O = You Obey God Only
As far as Cartoon Network goes, our child psychologist recommended against it. It really helped to get rid of it.
thanks girl. love you too!
- we were happy to be a part of such a cool event.
Maybe they have something to do , I do that lol
Well, I guess I'm glad I didn't get that job I wanted in NC a few years back.
Unfortunately, no. But it was fun to play around and ask questions! I'll probably order something when Passover is over.
a bernie madoff-looking guy just told a couple latino kids on the subway, 'you don't look very bright.' shoulda said something to him..
visited the DISNEY-store @ Antwerp <3
huge win for you guys too!
recording studio A 220 C
Deadline for this issue of Community Links Is Tomorrow , Friday 22nd . Call now for your discounted advertising rates 323-965-1544 ext103 …
The wife is in on it!!!
Saturday with my baby <3 <3
I was wondering about that word when I wrote you that e-mail but was too lazy to search Merriam-Webster. Now I know, either works.
hopefully gonna see #TheLuckyOne later ;)
Depends how much I get paid an IF tickets are still available will determine if I see THE WALL
Do the nugget dance!!!
Delete. *problem solved*
Notorious BIG feat. Sadat X - Come On
Rockies have now had seven baserunners thru 3 innings, but haven't scored; that's positively San Francisco-esque
i hope tomorrow goes as good as today <3 i love youu .
Who's everybody pulling for in the #Masters? I'm going for Phil!
sounds like u need some urban belly pho
i think i'm practicing tomorrow :)))
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Plak Smacker Tongue Brushes and most oral care products.
For some strange reason, a person I used to follow on twitter had been unfollowed _and_ blocked. Phone interface trouble, I guess?
Yesterday was too funny with Shaqui.
U know when a boy loves u if u just came back from a 5k race and u hot and sweaty And the boy runs up to u hugs u even when ur sweaty&hot<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Sorry I didnt get to say it in person but Thank You for today It was really cool! And my daughter got a new #verlo mattress
Bye Atlanta, ga hello Memphis, tn
Thank you for the kind words. We're glad you enjoy our stuff. Play it loud!
"Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal." ~Pamela Vaull Starr
yessir. This is my first week here. So far so good!
everybody Wang #Chen tonight!
#thatblows. I'm surprised. #Pens games are broadcast on their site.
RT if you have no ovaries.
hah!!Psycho's been on all day on some channel!!!
whatever :P i got it today!
Day two of the infection! Go get em Zombies!
set your DVRs fellow tweeters! is performing TONIGHT on CONAN. check them out!
What did you think of the #Oscars last night? Did the stars' jewelry live up to your expectations?
Moroney is advocating the Dallas Morning News head into social media, event, & experiential marketing, leveraging strength of brand.
#fail goodnight lol
I don't have any recipes, really. I just fill up the blender with kale, then open a bag of frozen fruit of some sort. Water.
Day 2 of #WIFYR. It just occured to me to check twitter for the back conference conversation
Anxiety doesn't let me get away from these yummy chocolate mini doughnuts...
RT So I quess I'm qoinq to qo walkinq with my mom. She knows I don't exercise but she needs to so I'll do it for her.
Obviously a North Shore thing. :)
- another great webinar - loving !
wait huh I thought u was bout to go too bed but if not that's good
Two movies I am so excited to see: & ! I'm rockin' a pink wig (as Astro Girl) in Blue Like Jazz. and...
those few little things were all it took to show me you werent gunna change
might as well pour poison into your ears.
One thing I like about where I work. I get to watch people run into glass doors all day. It says PULL in BIG letters for a reason!!
Good Morning Sweetness I have been Great And How about yourself?
I'm in my NYC State of mind!
wear whatever makes you feel good
Pre-Cal and Economics are the only classes we're still doing work in <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Congrats ! We love !
Monsters Inc. 2?
Let's not go there,speak for urself cus you do too Rt : Don't act like you don't know how to ruin a nigga sleep
what a boring convo.
I wanna so bad but its my iphone or the shoes.. idk bruh lol
ok thank you so much !! =D
just Achilles stuff from this spring. Still not "right" so dr. wanted an MRI.
Countdown to the CBC Book Awards. Will you be there? I will. :)
I'm not Canadian
you are deep, like the ocean...
Cheers to you! It feels great to be able to help, doesn't it? But we'll keep that our secret. :-) Merry Christmas!
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favourable - Maria Green
RT : we at the Waynesboro Area Learning Tree work with seniors teaching technology. We believe in Digital Inclusion for all.
Lady of the sunshine!!! Haha love you :) RT : Wow looking sexy in that dress for
fresh made chocolate chip cookies
Can't believe Gasol and Bynum laughing! They didn't come to play.
What donations messaging works (continued): transperency, communication without asking for money, keeping connected, unspecified amount
That is truth! Proverbs 4:23 is a big key to healing. Good one!!-:)
shower time!
damn we look so stupid...
I don't have time to write an article -- I'm headed to the #SLA conference. But I'm sure the national media will handle it. Enjoy!
Ok, Duffy live tweeting the games is amazing.
RIP Joe Paterno
The thirst of girls these days! One second you hate Roger and the next you're like "Oh follow me!" Smh come on now let's be classy.... =)
Inspirational lyrics- You can spend your whole life buildin somethin from nothin, one storm can come and blow it all away. Build it anyway.
Good Morning twitter. My day is off to a great start and the weather is nice today!
The freedom from His Spirit will always bind us to His character.
It's over kid. We've been mushed.
Too much, on my mind.
Fulton Mall clean up this Saturday at 9am! We are meeting at the Clock Tower 9am sharp!
I wish you didn't look so sad :(:(:(
Etty Hillesum~ We are always in search of the redeeming formula the crystallizing thought.
Cloth burn dry humpeth :-)
Are you getting the marathon? Cool.
Anxiously awaiting for the new ABC schedule to arrive
RT I'm attending IBM Impact 2012, 29th April to 4th May 2012 in Las Vegas > Me, too! Stop by and say hi!
Feeding my baby when the news about #obl broke - so thankful my girls will have one less purely evil man in the world they grow up in.
Has anyone else noticed Skipper from Sex in the City has been on a lot of #Hulu commercials lately?
duh? duh? "Panic, confusion aboard sinking cruise ship" --CNN
The deceivers in history always knew of, prepared for, and expected their doom & replacements!
Roethlisberger totally raped them today!
you are pretty awesome!
Got my pepper steak!! ^_^
J Alvarez sexy [; m <U+2665>
You are the flip cup champ! Rematch in Bay101 please!?!?
mine went to $22.50/seat per game.
My first thought is sub - if a player wouldn't run a set play the way he was supposed to would you keep him in?
Thanks 4 following me--I have a lot of fun doing this! Hope U will, 2!
Congrats to Rasheed Sulaimon on being named a McDonald's All-American!!!
Sun, March 25, 6-9 pm, Ballroom, UC, Destination Celebration. Presentations by Destination 2012. Open to all. Contact:
The White Witch Always Creeped Me Out :/
wanna follow me?
Miami marlins ... Lezgoooooooooo
Thank to everyone for all the love & support!
Oh god hahaha.
" The heart is a fertile place ....Anything planted there will grow for sure...whatever it is..... 'Love' or 'hate'...."
I brought some clothes for myself
Awesome interview on CNN tonight! Bravo Bravo !
yessir yessir. Love it when the weather gets warmer like this. Drinks soon?
9 am SESSION: "Creating Realistic Gradients, Blends & Meshes in Illustrator" (cre8) presented by Greg Heald in Rm B118
Not even 10 minutes into new Conan movie & it's already uber dumb!
Lang: The underlying message of *Kelroy* isn't 'marry well' but 'widow well.'
tryna get you on a track
U good?
I told all my real life friends to unfollow this twitter because I was treating it as a fangirl account..but I still use it as a personal.
Hope all is well.
Feel kinda good right now...that's what happens when you do diets. Alc tolerance goes down
The history of every country begins in the heart of a man or woman.
we would be happy to welcome another reader. Keep an eye out for the next issue in early August!
Thanks for following! I hope you enjoy my work.
lmfaoooooo no i knew he put somebody on blast again
I thought 11/11/11 was Herman Cain's plan on steroids.
just hoping George Peppard's ghost wasn't involved.
if you ever want to get your kids' attention: look relaxed, talk on the phone or try to close the bathroom door...works every time :
Hey Seattle and San Francisco... see you in two months!
It is an AMAZINGLY GORGEOUS SATURDAY OUT THERE!!!! Wow!
Happy Friday!!!
ha ;) followed
So let me get this straight; you think I'm supposed to text you all day, and nobody else? #YouGotMeMessedUp !<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Stop at #starbuks for some coffee before the game :P
#BackInElementarySchool when rock, paper, scissors determined every outcome
I love Austin mahone!!!!!
"Lewis and Clark" is a historical drama inspired by (and utilizing) excerpts from the journals of Merriweather Lewis and William Clark.
lol me too, it was perfect, pale, green eyes, and pink hair, how could that cat not be me?
If I Had a Gun i would visit Mexico more often
haha! They thinking PR is in the middle east. Deport you to Columbia.
CANADA!!!! #lilbigshowdown promo tour
Did you see the new Facebook feature today? Look on your business page for "Share on your own timeline".
Why don't aren't my apps integrated into one another? If tweets a link, then I want the article to open in my HuffPost app!
": Gay people don't wanna live in f*cking North Carolina anyway" Miss Fath has spoken. End of story. (Take 2).
I have just been utterly crushed, heartbroken, angry
A part of me adores Megan Draper. And then a part of me is a little nervous for what she'll do next...
That's so cool. Maybe we should try it out...?
Major damage to Beta Bridge this morning after it was hit by a U.Va. bus. End column and portion of wall leaning toward tracks below.
I was hoping they made it there safely! Thanks for sending the pic!
I AM FREAKING OUT! XD
How to Pitch a VC: 11 Insider Secrets...
Thank you!
You know I can see this, right?
I skipped the museum b/c I was with my dog, but it was SO beautiful. A perfect Sunday excursion.
At least im real.
when you define your priorities, all difficult decisions are easy"
Jermaine Paul is now frontrunner for 2012 #thevoice ...sounds like swag indeed
Aww, my little brother is doing #FountainRun today! Congrats, senior!
Grueby vase. Collector calls it "ugly". I'd take it off his hands in a heartbeat (appraised at $10-15k, says "less ugly").
You know what I miss about NJ in the summer? Easy access to a lot of beaches.
We were awarded "Best Civic Hackathon" in the 2011 awards! Thank you to everyone who made it phenomenal!
#damnfree u r lookin so damn good!
WHERE Y'ALL AT
thanks Bonnie! Loves her grandparents!
I've always liked JoJo. She's always kept it real even if real didn't sell. Feeling her new song. Great preview of what's to come.
Any one else hear the Lecrae interview? The one where he said drinking is ok? Anyone have thoughts on that radio interview?
Only teacher imma miss is mr. Crawford and maybe mrs. Stonge her noisy ass lol.
If you start to hallucinate Marie Callendar, you've gone too far.
awesome! What time? We're sending people over that are interested.
beautiful earrings on Leno , great with your hair color :)
are you okay hun? *hugs* <333
Echo! How can we develop those inter-state connections?
SAY IT WITH YA CHEST!! RT : Who else LMAO RT WHO?!? tehehehe.....RT : he knws I love him
#shitfangirlssay can I borrow your shirt? (thanks to for the tag idea)
sorry I didn't call you yesterday, I was working till 6 then had plans after work. You available tonight?
Can I replace Tamara Holder? Please? She makes us ALL LOOK BAD!
Did you see the funnel cloud yesterday? Crazy stuff!
Now signing PRODUCERS!! OVER $5000 ROYALTIES COLLECTED & DISTRIBUTED
I'm an idiot for not believing people..
Wow walked all the way to AH cuz I thought I left my book there, just to realize I didn't bring my book to class, I looked off someone else
LETS GO CAPS
I'm searching for it :-)
“: One of the things that makes her effective...”agree.
Abbotsford (Testwuide) swept Milwaukee to advance to the Western Conference Semis.
#RescueMe stars Denis Leary & Peter Tolan in DC Thursday (7/14) @ Smithsonian Museum of American History
hes the last thing i think about before i fall asleep and the first thing i think about when i wake up. <3
I'm playing tonight in Valley Stream at Sip This coffeehouse, all ages!!! 8:30pm sharp! :-)
2 month anniversary thursday :)
I dream for a living. - Steven Spielberg
Thanks for Tweet Love and
dat don't mean nun 2 me
hey sweetie! Hope all is well with you!
Will you be back in time for The Troc tomorrow?
How much #golf has #Obama played? Read it here- USSportspages.com
eh gil ehh. miss seeing yo cutesy. What it do?
now u can retweet! - I've always put my career and school on the top of my list after my family. No boy will ever stop me from being great!
baby gots back on twitter. :)
which rapper would you perform with? :^)
oj mayo aint did shit non the play offs
This should be good
From one streaming medium to another: Thanks for the follow!
was my vote (Fricke) but lost to the the overall projection
Guys take a look at the coupon down bellow, from a great dentist I know, he give free xrays, and 10% on dental treatment.
is lucky.. im writing a song 4 him! <i love 4 ever>
u know i have no clue i stay having the worst luck with shitt
where can the Madden video game team see this in or close to Orlando?
hey m8, are you a good dancer? :)
Owned up to it? He got caught & would still be doing it if he didnt. RT Tiger(yes..owned up to mistake) .
how fast is that mustang?
#DCTheatre friends? RT : Does anyone know a voice coach in the DC area?
Hoping we get 2 find out!\RT : Does Romney have the intestinal fortitude to make the tuff decisions as...
follow me on twitter :)
thank you! xo“: A very happy birthday to you! RT Haley's Heart is 5 years old today!! Happy birthday to us!!!”
Tell me I'm your national anthem<3
“: *CtFu* I'm sorry BuBu. We are all bummed. At least we still have #OnceUponAtime” lol true
Moore's schizophrenia is maddening.
Watched Goodfellas for the first time last night. Holy shit.
has been neglecting twitter. I'm back.
I can't wait 4 beach season to. I jus had a show last nite.I'm prolly not performng till aftr valentines. Aftr the mixtape
I'm off to buy plants for my back deck - FLOWERS!!
“Resist much. Obey little.” <U+2015> Walt Whitman
You know what my dad likes to put in my stocking? Pens. Stop in and grab a 30th Anniversary Pen from WAB today for someone on your list!
Thinking about this dream that I had it was as clear as ever think I'm going crazy or its telling me something?.(•_•)
Biking to bars and enjoying st paty's in Venice with rya and friends!
lol, love it! Will do.
Im just tired of being let down
checking out varvara stepanova in "Amazons of the Avant Garde" back in they day I would have been trying hit her w/ that slick talk
New state of the art Spine Center at Minimally Invasive Spine Institute campus is open and fully operational. ZeroSpinePain.com
wish I could be there!
i miss you :/
Can you imagine if you had as many friends in real life as you do on all of your social media sites!? What a giant community we build!
it's been a week? BEST WEEK EVER :D
Hahaha, just seeing this! We havin a par-tayy! But missing you along the way, SS!
happy birthday girl ! have a good one :-)
Happy Friday!
Long lazy sunday, back to work monday!
Half days make me feel accomplished:)
so a good thing for me to start today!!! LOL
#YouLookLikeTheType "/ that will have an out burst in a public surrounding ! Embarrassinq'.
Gotta study for this exam tomorrow
RT : Tweet " I'm Watching The #PaulyDProject Tonight On "
My hair is so fuckin staticky. Looks like I just got done fuckin R2D2!! xD
goldfish don't run they swim
Michael Got any uploads Let's hear this singing voice!!!
Hahahahah of course, Idk what I thought that was gonna be on
Nice I leave from here on Sunday as well. See you back there.
You wanna go to PLUTO, me and you are the same <3 Astronaut Chick
Best six words ever: I have no suggestions for revision.
Not quite to your level...RT : stalking athletes/coaches on private planes- you're a veteran sports reporter now!!
I love making up new lyrics to songs I don't know<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
U kno U love this life can't nobody do U like me..eventho I never showed U what I can really do...ain't nobody outdoing me #past or present
It's just to hard to accept the fact that we can't be . . Especially because i love you , and u love me.#why people tryna keep us apart?:(
Yes, now is a very fun time to support SportingKC! Enjoying the ride while it lasts. :-)
Florida bats, anytime you'd like to wake up that'd be awesome.
Aftert getting Downey'd in South Carolina on Tue, Kentucky looking focused and hungry against Vanderbilt, 1st half UK37-23
I smell another band lawsuit coming on. RT They just played "Play that Funky Music White Boy" at Gingrich HQ. cc
what's the basketball showcase?
somehow adult work never ends. I miss writing poems and drinking carefree coffee. so yes, end of adult work, beginning of fun
I'll be there in a jiffy. Don't be picky. Just be happy with this quickie.
how you know?
We just went on a nation wide donut run. Infinite in Ohio & in NYC. 2 fat fucks.
Me too!
I'm in your closet for the past 2 hours. I have to pee.
can't let the title depend on the result at Sunderland..got to wrap it up against City!
lol yes! My wedding should have a major impact on people's klout score.
It is that time of year when you have to start thinking about gloves. Lacrasia
Voter number 126 Willow Springs Township. Wisconsinites don't forget to vote!
To0 whom it may concern I've Ben faithful to all my ex's if u herd difrnt it's all fake diz is a recording
It's been working just fine here at the meetup...
Happy May Day! Such a beautiful day to work on music for the next Yoga Album... What's your favorite yoga pose?
The Observation Deck will be closing at 5:30pm tonight (Friday) for a special event. Sorry for the inconvenience!
Swag, swag, swag on me. Chilling by the PC while I'm stalking 1D.
The Steelers had the chance to take control of the AFC and CHOKED. Enjoy the long flight home. Love it.
I miss Twilight Zone too. That and catching bits of A Xmas Story while channel surfing. But neither are worth $80/month!
... I'm too tired for this right now. I really like sync w/ my Android, but I may try switching back to Firefox tomorrow.
This is the weekend that Rosanne competes in the Mrs. Oklahoma pageant. May the judges vote for our favorite Redhead!
hahaha nope, but i'm guessing it came in??
I am doing this crazy thing called "taking a day off". I hear people do this at least twice a week. I should try that!
Congrats #Alabama! You just gotta love college sports!!
Name the incompetent political figure who said this: "Oh, to pass the days with my babes; I'm just the prime minister in my spare time."
Journalistic writing, by and large, isn't an act of creation. It is an act of regurgitation. Inverted pyramid puke. See
I'm sick of it. NO NEW IDEAS, KEEP BLAMING OBAMA, well I'm done with it. I'm voting for OBAMA!
while the bf is away the girls will play! #girlsweekend with and
Surprise visit from
I'm a life long fan, but this is getting to hard to watch... Id they don't make changes do they make the playoffs
RT : whats a good place fo me to post my new mixtape for download< mediafire
Just signed up for my partner drupalize me account. Wohoo! Great #drupal training, nice benefit Acquia!
I want a giant fuzzy monster to be my best friend!!
I was being sarcastic; that's why I used quotation marks around "news"
lack of system feedback when it comes to e-filing state tax returns is highly inappropriate ...hidden fees to-boot
T.G.I.F.! Follow some awesome #NorthCarolina locals :)
Doing the Seattle thing. Actually driving to the middle of nowhere Washington State.
OFF WORK
They should have gave majun buu his on series
Q; Would I ever twitter date? A; Depends who it is..
Awww! We love you We were not disappointed with you, but disappointed with the decision. Hate to see you go!
Dying my hair auburn with Cara. Eeeeeeep
ah ok. Then ya gotta do it! So then kick ass!
See instead of bitching about pple get another wristband for a REAL directioner,use all that hatred toward the directionaters right in line
No, i think its perfect! Mine...now thats LONG ..but i couldnt of anything else -_-
so i woke up to my mom telling me my dad is in the ER...cool. :/
Happy Monday! Get ready, I'm BACK at tomorrow night, hope to see you there.
Yeah!! Glad you like it, aren't the red shades fun?! :)
I want to do something tonight.
I thought the match of a life time was VS the English language
Glad you liked our work Corina. The haircut had to be done. I was slowly becoming a ponytail guy. *shudder*
Afghan Whigs and Brad playing NYC on the same night in 2 weeks. Cannot wait! you in town by chance?
Looking for Attorneys specializing in Predatory Lending & Foreclosure Defense - all 50 states. Please send me a message if you are interest…
bring some goggles!
Spent the day on social media consulting. Tomorrow: tap class and rehearsal. What a lovely life!
Lord, give me patience. For if you give me strength, I'm going to need bail money to go with it.
Semi turned over on it's side on Washington street near metropolis... How fast were you going?!
Lmao did i start this? Lpl RT": Aye im down to kill a nigga on his own track if he bout it? Lmao"
I'm such a fat ass.
Off to #school its #normal for me.
Bummed I can't make #ImNotAHipster tonight at the MOPA.
Started working on the veg garden this weekend. Did a bunch of weeding and started planting root veggies.
not even Jose Andres can top the #chickenbiscuit from :-)
I know some bullshit when I see it. No way the #Bengals beat #Raiders this year. I'm plannin on being there
atleast he was hot;;) ryt? RT : An indian was flirting with HAHAHA =))!!!
Ah, that felt good.
me fucking too.. did you give them you application yett??
Finally seeing #Mulan for the first time.
Oh, and suck it, Mavs.
Working on fundraising. Fighters of Justice T-Shirts for sale 15.00. No shipping fee until May 9, 2011. www.fightersofjustice.com
google Extreme Ironing :-)
Again, Noomi Rapace is the BEST Lisbeth Salander - still think she should get the nom.
Vitamin water <<
Got this vibe that tooth brushing should be a home-exclusive activity, haha.
im thinking wednesday but ima call you later today and see whats up!
I just need more patience...NOW!
Getting things configured on my new #galaxynexus It's taking some getting use to coming from an original Moto Droid.
ewe I don't like you Icon I love it <3
and think they're too mature for roommates. I beg to differ.
it can be that easy! Yes I have an adorable mutt. They call her a Czechoslovakian Shepard which I think is code 4 German shep mix.
Soo I got the Palm Pixi. I friggin love it!!
I can do phone for sure in the morning and perhaps coffee. Say 10am?
Int'l efforts expanding to honor memory of Stanford's Steve Schneider. Fall memorial events in offing and more to come.
that's dumb on his part...he should've expected consequences
thanks for the follow! xoxo have a fantastic night and be sure to checkout for some awesome music!
Tonite Tonite Dnt miss The Biggest Wet Tshirt Contest @ Superstar Saturdays! At Club Hot Rods its gon be Wild $ 3 Yagers and $2 Coronas
From : "To all the people of the list - buy a bulldozer. Anonymous"
Hahaha tagging crews who act like a gang<<<<
The word "fuck" gets heavily rotated in all my conversations esp text messages
Spoiler: The Stratfor hack post I wrote is wordy. Short story: their hash is your Stratfor ID + your password.
I wonder whether that is flattering or insulting
RT if chips and #salsa is your favorite snack!
Here's to the future because im done with past !
That soap is quite possibly THE sexiest soap packaging I have ever come across! Do you have any other packaging stowed away?
Shut up shut up shut up
Did you really think I meant every word that i said
this sounds perfect! Lisa's working so pit stop at #OFlannigans is #Necessary #Boom!!
laying out<3
So much for data-based decisionmaking MT Christie at AFC: Vouchers offer "the most change, quickly" to help low-income kids
ITS OK I DONT HAVE A GIRLFRIEND EITHER
Yes Loves2Twit I am in Cincinnati, Ohio and the sun is shining brightly. A beautiful day. Is it sunny where your are?
Anyone looking for clothes that actually fit every curve of the woman's body?
u should follow my friend her name is
follow back
Decibel meters for the cops?
yes chloe does cause she said she plays halo 3 and reach she is not aloud to play rated M games except cod and halo this is a FACT
Shit. I kinda like #thevoice. How did that happen? Damn you NBC!
Grilled Chicken Skewers - Recipes at Better Fitness Daily Try this Mediterranean inspired dish to keep your body in top shape...
Awww yeah taking a taxi home that means some chill time w/ an indian
its okay
Trying to see sould I do my video today!.
me too and people are driving me crazy sending her hate its not cool at all.
RT : A very happy 200th birthday to Edward Lear, one of the greats: "'If we only live, We too will go to sea in a Sieve!"
Another excellent folder title found today, "Taken from Gary's Desk." Does Gary know about this?
Your honey bun is missing the honey and your oatmeal is missing some oats lol that shit had me tripping
Gay blood ban likely to be lifted The ban on blood donations by men who have sex with men is expected to be lifted in the UK.
better not be talkin about
Sorry for the last couple of tweets, got hacked. :(
Never too old for some Disney tunes. ;) I MISS YOU. HOPE YOUR SUMMER IS WONDERFUL.
GREAT two days of meetings Always great to see the team and learn together.
Somebody once said "money talks but credit has an echo"
I have the fears, the pain and the tears I just can't hide. It all disappears cause everything passes with the time !
Love life and life will love you back. Love people and they will love you back. ~Arthur Rubinstein
Who does the best and freshest homebrew kits?Haven't done a kit in years and looking to ease back into homebrewing.Retired from AG for a bit
that makes two of us. Is your friend not coming here from Houston anymore?
“: Is it me or is this game NOT so entertaining??”its like watchin 2 turtles race
blowing up your twitter...
yo vinnie stigma is publishing a children's book lmao.
Why does Western MD always get screwed when it comes to the state budget? It's the same with Western PA, and I don't get it.
grateful for the follow :)
get it girl.
Your soul is happy 100% of the time-You remember this sometimes. Sometimes you don't- Make a reminder
Oh no, bad thoughts. :/ go away pls.
Put your face all in the pussy
"LOVE makes FOOLS out of all of US..."
Loved your monologue on Cinco de Mayo. Keep on keeping on-you're awesome!
Getting my freshman schedule today.(:
Haters don't even like themselves , so of course they hate you...
so call me maybe
Just discovered is playing a gig tonight at In my 'hood. And it's sold out.
I'm pretty sure Fleury is stoned.
thanks Charles!
mikey put on a spiderman mask had a sword and rode around the store on it.
Packing for #sla2011: the conference PDF is on my iPad, my outfit is color-interchangeable, and my business cards have rounded edges. What!
please join the movement and follow us
I try to help and I end up hurt...Oh well..I hate conflict :/
hahaha - except our dollar amount is $0 not $10
Thanks for the RTs! Hope you're all having a great day!
GO LA
On the maury show; why is it that the guy is always made out to be the bad guy when its the dirty bitch that doesn't know who the dad is ?
Doing great. Eating surf & turf (steak & shrimp) for mother's day.
I am seeing them close the loop here some in San Diego..they seem to be catching up with the forelcosures
you won because your amazing!
Happy Pi Day. Math geeks drink a beer for the irrational piece of yourself today.
is at airport waiting for flight to NOLA for
allowed pero sa passing period lng, and im using my ipod
Thank you Jodie Barker, Drs. Banu & Shoemaker, Mr. Wilson and company, and Dr. Suarez for giving such great poetry workshops!
I should be in the fappin' olympics. GO FOR GOLD
#SAYSOMETHIN I love it!!
gets applause. Recorded.
Just stepped out back to take out the trash and saw the tree with the lights in it.
Social media blackout. Recording in full effect.
In the stage of not caring about anything anymore.
#SomeFactsAboutMe i feel guilty really easily
Definitely not! And now guess what's stuck in my head...
Sure! I just sent it. I hope u win it ;)
...and that concludes my comprehensive one-part series of tweets on Things That Are Cool About Vancouver.
Merry Christmas !!!!
#10ThingsIFindAttractive a guy who is polite and not a street thug
Secrets to the Southern Miss front?
Welcome to the #DNation family ! We're lucky to have you with us in the fight to #beatcancer!
NPR's pick-the-caption contest - Salt Lake Tribune (blog)
it's a one and 17 million chance that you'll see this,but HAPPY BIRTHDAY1
Agree heartily w/Lindner selection. Bad Plus, too. The South Trio is very similar to BBNG.
When do you go on?
So true. RT You are foreshadowing. And I think that u r right, "easier" is more accurate than "easy." #bcsm”
Willi Miller: Local jazz musicians take to stage at The Emerson Center
I ain't got a man but Im not alone im Miss independent yup I got My own :)
It could be Mahones and Your Year!!!!
haha...meant aren't. Suggestions are very welcome!
Share #dctech > if folks use a mobile phone & email, they should also #Twitter #Facebook (+/- LinkedIn) if not, they'll be pseudo unaware
Got it!
This is true... That's why I told them to do it! Haha
El Pastor Restaurant outdoor Patio is the new hot place to meet in Ironbound Newark. Come see for yourself.
And great weekend to you too!
perhaps I can get an author to write something up for my blog or something I won't ignore it
Is it sad that the only person i ever text is my mom...
The "Polish Prince" himself, Bobby Vinton performs tonight at Potawatomi, 8pm! Did I mention the casino runs a FREE shuttle from our hotel?
Nice interview on the beach, f-bombs and all. Good luck in the art world.
lucky bitch, non? :P
what's up bro! Long time.
So if every hip person has the same pair of RayBans, when do said pair become uncool?
Oh yes it does and I <3 your dress you are wearing! :) Previews for the show are awesome too! :)
I Love Reggae Music, I Wish They Played THAT At Parties Instead Bullcrap Lyric Hype Shit!
Subway! #Awesome!
I need coffee first to deal with these people
Yeah!!! And you can come to Seattle and party!!!
HAHA I hate you :)
Great thought: The saint never knows the joy of the Lord in spite of tribulation, but because of it." Oswald Chambers Be joyful today!
My early birthday wish would be for to RT this, reply to me or follow me(: either would be great you know since my bday is on wed!
Confidence, like art, never comes from having all the answers; it comes from being open to all the questions. -Earl Gray Stevens
Working on spreading out this work..
Praying for my Dad... He had a Heart Attack earlier...
Heather it came to me after a discussion with a friend about sin. Felt God nudging me to share it. Guess God was right :)
THANK U! RT : thx 4 your hard work.I saw the 2 of u all over the place. nice job covering the event.photos are great!
tonight we will be out celebrating founder Trevor Elsens BIRTHDAY! ! , join us!
60 Minutes is doing a story on Khan Academy which could revolutionize education.
that's what we're counting on you to do! kc loves claire!!
Anxiety through the roof. Worst.
these are the things I think about when I'm not thinking about work ;)
should have came lol
RT : Wish I was at #hcfla <- It's a great conference... lots of talent and good people here! Good to see you on Twitter.
Like I said before, every single day! They're just too perfect for words!
YOU'RE awesome!!! <3
let me know when your done.
call me
God gave me you for the ups and downs. <3
“: Billionaire & top Walker donor pays zero taxes, now wants to make more and only way is to lower wages.
I haven't talked to you in like forever>.<
you better hope those hornets didn't bring their lock-picking tools.
We have some lemon skunk in... Have you tried it??? You should!! Stop in and see us open till 9!! :D
Having #TEAMYOURPHONE in your bio is a waste of characters
Fantastic defense by Memphis
sounds like another baseless claim. Show me evidence; not rhetoric.
You looked strong when I saw you.
Cant believe this is the end. any other city infections? fuck. someone call my mom.
Probably true. But I hesitate to put limitations on the Right Rev. Dave Lankes.
RT : When rowing through the storm know the storm always will pass
You have a way of putting the bullshit in perspective, dear Moon.
The attitude YOU just put me in <<
Wish I was doing something else
GE to take its jobs from Wisconsin to china but bowing couldn't movie to SC
rather you think og that then that bullshit.
You're all over #dukecity today! Have the cardamom pot de creme at #jenniferjames101 - delish!
Missing some Germans tonight.
"Are you on the bus" is SUCH a catchy, wonderful song!
Katy Perry you effing rock.
All I want is and an Aston Martin.. Is that really too much to ask?
:/ I like NFL season better. Glad you are back safely sir.
It's gonna kill. (teenagers.)
what's up? What's good with you?
at his house, I think so-he really wanted some leos.
Come see The Bloody Irish Boys and hear the new album tonight. We will be playing at Skully's in Columbus.
where u at? and my fone doesnt work:l
I love storms
Omg...5.9 earthquake in philly, came from Richmond va!
luckily I work out at the gym in the gayborhood so the 3 tvs play CNN, msnbc, and Kim Kardashian 24/7
ha well i'm hoping to stay in athens for the entire weekend
Violent delight, live as if we die.
I have mine in my desk, thinking about making a frame to add my superbowl and playoff tickets into. Maybe throw the rest out
Got me some free cupcakes for my birthday.
whhhaaat, that will be reaaallly hard
No, K-Rod won't be visiting prison, jail, or anything else - Unless you consider a contract with the Mets punishment.
Thank you. RT : They're called allusions people.
Thanks for the #FF !
hi there
They are horrible. luckily for me my high school pictures were ok. It is jr. high i have anxiety over.
I do believe in fairies live tinkerbell :-(
hey how is studying going ?
2nd that! RT : Dear , I have three words for you: Multiple Accounts, please.
Real niggas catch stiffys when you get dubbed LOL
Sound the alarm! Open your mouth and give GOD a praise right where you are!
Lol i get it..first take is good sumtimes its jus the 'Fix' is so clearly in on that show now
That's true abt the rumble. It's an over exaggeration just like how fun this conf is.
That jockey literally looks like he's 15 years old
The difference is that we'd be drinking Cantillon if we went now, not that Jupiler piss.
watchin' triple D!!
wait, this is happening right now 2 blocks from me? might have to rearrange afternoon plans...
" I parked on the corner of Rape and More Rape" Oh my abs hurt from laughing
Going Green: Roof paint reflects sun raises, this will protect your roof material and save u on ur elect. bill, plus tax write off.
Ladies and gentlemen, Nelson Cruz.
FINALE TONIGHT! JORDAN GIRL YOU GOT THIS ONE IN THE BAG!!! THERE IS NO WAY K/N WILL GET THE $$$$. JORDAN DESERVES IT MORE!
You know you're a #mompreneur when you work well past midnight not only bc you have to, but also bc it's the only quiet time you get all wk.
Anyone know any good places to get #new music? Fo free?
night handsome
Until the nineteenth century, solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia. Who would believe that tea blocks were used as currency!
THINKING on catching FUTURE on TOUR...
Shawty What The Mood Is Stacks On Deck(Hell Yeah) Is That Ya Life Savers Hanging Around YA Neck (Hell Yeah)
Sad to be leaving Austin so soon but at least I got two breakfast tacos in before heading to the airport. Hope to come back soon!
Treat Mom to great cupcakes or mini cupcakes. Both bakeries open Sat. 10-4. Westside bakery open this Sunday 10-2.
NB Clark closed near North ave. Some kind of fire. ??
Although we won't be at that conference, you saw and he works from Pgh too. Will find a way to connect!
my solution? (and i am working on it) is a business which trains youth and communities to work with neighborhoods to remove the
I'm supportive- is it controversial? “:anyone have strong feelings for or against annual blood chem tests in dogs/cats?”
wow... Thaks for being there for me
TONIGHT!!! Green Iguana Anderson Latin Night..
nine gongs for the dwarves kings....
I'm so excited for you.
great story man!
Nice! RT Peanut butter & jelly sandwiches 4 dinner. M.
": Love is the question and the answer. No matter what."
that should be dope.They love new England and come all the time. I can't wait for the next show. Tailgates r amazing
day saved by: hearts of space, adorable elderly gentleman, package delivery.
Marcuscamby23 Happy Birthday tall guy!
This weather is grossing me out.
Spring cleaning in the house today.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
I wish today was the 15th I need money !!!!
gross and hilarious.
So yes we are booked for signature live,,,,, but you can always walkin to secure your space!!!!! Come early show time is 8 pm!!!!
is trying to reach status.... #FF her, especially if you love #cats ;)
Don't catch a felony swagger jackn lol
next 7-10 days? Try next 20 months, till 2012 election. And then beyond.
The context of which this folder on your external is used lol
A life may be unwritten, but there is no chance to edit it. So learn from your experiences and make it a story worth reading.
thx for replying :) how u doing?
#whereimfrom my name taylormiller is hot where pimpc started,were paul walls grillz is wht tht is,and ice cream paint job cool
Maybe cause my dad forced us 2 drink it all the time since he said he didn't want short kids. <U+E40D>
happy to be working at this evening after being sorely disappointed and disenchanted by his internship at Ohio Historical Society :-(
i wonder what i'm doin tonight..
Today is National Siblings Day. Set aside the rivalry long enough to share a sweet treat...or see who can eat more. Either way works for us.
Book A Star for Your Next Event!!! Send offers and price list requests to
The shot may have been the motivation the CATS needed to get #8. Thanks for the reminder and your efforts to bring IU back.
This was a great episode. He will be missed.
Whats up with the pectoral injuries in todays games?tjack and another left games with pectoral injuries
Thanks for the mention! Got diabetes class tonight. Will try to call in when we return.
Next person who talks about that stupid F*ckin boat, I will drown them
I love
My great-grandma died. She was 100. And awesome. I hope that one day I'll be a fraction as interesting, talented, and vibrant as she was.
Listen #Teebow should go 49ers,, they had a terrfic season, good camp and good coach.
I am still sleepy! All of those doubles wore me out
hahahah you're fantastic
Tomorrow for Story Hour with Miss Kathy at 4:15: Come to our birthday party–we’re turning 6! (6 months old that is!)
A good guy is really hard to find:/ unless you're or Then you are perfect!:D hope both of ur days are going well!
Who do you have for the boxing match tonight? I wonder who will win Mayweather or Cotto? All my friends are saying Mayweather... hmm
twitter is a soap box for ignorant fools. i wish some people would actually read what they wrote, this shit is stupid.
DUDE extras on Emerald Knights = AWESOME!!! Love listening to you all talk about the Corps. Thank you!
will there be any photo ops there ? :)
Tomorrow night will be our last night of service, so we hope to see you all tonight & tomorrow for great food and cocktails :)
VOLTRAN HELL YEAH!!!
I am. Are you here?
we made it official.
Add captions to all photos and images to provide context and another place to include keywords for SEO.
What's your favorite show on TV right now?
RT : Follow L "Best Thing Since Free Air & Raw Sex" & 1 of the hottest Producers Aw Yeah
Were all trying to climb the ladder.
Test driven development rocks
They just drop it like it's hot!
Accident on Martin Downs Blvd, Palm City, motorcycle and car, rider was not wearing a helmet
very true.
Wrapping presents while listening to Christmas tunes on Good stuff.
waited over 2 hours for and got kicked out for nothing and missed the show...fuck you .worst club in chicago
something did just come up with a local company, does your designer friend have a website with samples they can send? It's local
One more night then I'm home sweet home!
that is just so wrong...
Prom plans have been so perfect until today.
at least it was from your kids, It happens to me too but it is mine :(
very excited to have you join us for our annual holiday party this year!
Purple is a gross color.
Still love ya!
it se using my sisters twitter !! Yay !!
Going to a blackhawks practice<3 ohh i love hockey so much<3
'73 Ford Mustang! :D
i have no idea what i'm doing.
I really need Blue Taj to open an uptown location, so I can have their mango chickpea chaat any time I want it. Like now.
gettin REAL weird tonight
"Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible." - Tony Robbins.
gossip girl overload
I've decided to pass the time I'm going to hold a mid-year best of #mw2012 awards, as Always, you're nom. for 'Luscious Locks'
RT Happy Mothers Day. You all are gifts to all of us. I salute all mothers // Thanks!
Hmm, you may be on to something there. Gonna go with the 8 grain whole wheat bread I think.
did it
I just heard it! Whoa. And he's so young! #heartmelted “: is that not the greatest song ever!”
Talking myself into going to the gym today was hard...hearing Coldplay as I walked in did not help.
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination -Nelson Mandela
Ew. Really, you went there Brain?
At any rate, let us love for a while, for a year or so, you and me. That's a form of divine drunkenness that we can all try.
woot, back up
iknow how to treat a man ..
In le gym bored af! -.- someone come and save me!
: thank you, it is an honor to be listed aside two of my photography heros!
im trying to get tickets too! I havent seen the men's team since 2008! Lol
Good Morning. :)) You should have a Guava for breakfast.
I need new extensions. I want long hair, ugh.
needs to save me from the stupidity of the human race.
Orange County friends we play the OC Tavern in San Clemente this Friday!
the only way to make it through the dinner....
Can't decide which is worse airplane behavior: girl who refuses to shut off her iPod or Mr. Three Bags.
My instagram is not working. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
what happened to Obamas stimulus plan, where did it all go, PA gov. workers can't get paid. Unbelivable
Wondering what to eat for lunch, come try our tasty Beef Tongue tacos with a whole lot of salsa!!
#MrW is now 9-0 in his last 9 Premium Football Selections! Insane the Profits he is bringing his clientele! BPOSport.com
that's a great one! Just as long as he's not spraying any f#%*ing merlot!
But are the Qs rhetorical? Usu a dud MT : Museums try to prompt dialogue, but random facts get most play.
Hi, Food 4 Thought: Vision does not come 2 polluted eyes. Have a great day!!!
Thank you so much, Vicki!
Our April/May issue is around the corner!
New Tennessee law aims to curb teaching 'gateway sexual activity' .. Would that also include masturbation?
I will :) Okay pero why? Yes, he agreed, JC name nya..
omg i love friends, 2 nd a half men and HIMYM
We leave on the 10th! :)
searching #SaySomething to listen now! :D
#thingsyoushouldstopdoinginyour30s: caring about
If you would us to send you one, please email Catherine Shawki at I will be in touch with you & send it by mail.
YES!!! You're delivering to and I, right?
Jeff Vines should be the speaker for the graduation for spring 2013 :)
cut it!
The Chicago Bulls are hosting the Sacramento Kings tomorrow at the United Center. For game tickets, call us now at: 888-493-0004
I actually only saw it out of the corner of my eye...my mind was on the code! it was strange though
I get it now, I didn't know if sap was slang or code for something. I see now that you mean tree sap. Interesting. thanks
It's been silent even from most dedicated posters for some time, which gives me a bad feeling abt Approps.
I don't have to do things the way you say it should be
this was not for the twitter world to see. It was for your eyes only. Ohs well. See you in a jiffy my friend!
Had the same problem (fruit flies @ worms) - try a jar w/balsamic vinegar + detergent on top or even in wormery. Works well!
he's such good excercise!
Omg im thirsty.There is no way in hell im walkin all the way to my kitchen in the dark. No bueno.Idk spanish
how...ps how many days until one direction
I was just thinking the same thing...
It's funny when a Monday is also a Friday.
On the air too. Just posting for non-locals. ;)
lebron i went to watch u play at chicago two years ago i have almost every jersey shoes i just want u to follow me
Okay, these new scenes feel a little more natural. Getting back on track.
#ToMyFutureHusband Lets go to Neverland as often as possible :)
"sports bar" we're at has 11 TVs in back room, only half have brewers on. Tv I'm watching is sandwiched by Xfactor and 60 minutes.
Go Rangers
That moment when you get a card with exactly the scripture you needed to get you thru... thanks
Lol you'd be having a Villanueva baby ear army ;) :'D
Lastest IM Reviews Posts HP TouchPad Tablet Computer
I always pick up about 20 followers when live-tweeting something like school bd mtg.
404 Error I think the link is funky.
xD lmao!! it depends on what move i'm in >:D jk lol
Country diva Sara Evans told him! "You should have thought about that when you were cheating" she sang at
Trying to decide if lighting the Christmas tree on fire in my driveway is easier than shoveling.
Happy Mother's Day to your Wife. How has CNN's "Piers Morgan Tonight" done in terms of Ratings/Viewers to other TV Talk Shows?
Windows 8 bluetooth working on (older) Dell laptops. Anyone? Anyone?
packed the shit out of & hit a 3
drunk munchies?!?! Hahaha!
Eatting with my mom and grandmuva...but I'm having drinks patron shakers!!!!
RT : Oregon track & field: Oregon could dominate the Pacific-10 Conference track meet. Again. News, notes & links...
Denver is getting Manning....where do you think Tebow will go?
My mom and I hope you get better.
"either i find a way or i make one" #SMiRK Clothing Co.
thinking about??
Till monday <3 :)
don't shoot nobody! what music are u listening these days?
So sad our 50% Off Window Sale ends today. But SO happy with all of the joy it brought our recent customers. Need windows? Time's a tickin!
Hope all the 8th graders had fun at their formal last night! :)
you should follow us back(:
"Down" to 38 mph gusts now, but Santa Fe is at 62 mph now!
This nigga on mortal kombat had 4 arms and still couldn't keep his self from falling off the cliff
La Mesa police say suspect in Tierrasanta murder case first called them from mental hospital talking about the crime
Great! Let us know if you need anything! :)
One step forward, two steps backward
I'll stick with tweeting and retweeting solid information for right now, because I still have a lot to learn... always learning!
Why is the gym beyond packed at 5:37am...
Cum and get it!
“: That moment, when you and your best friend look at each other and know what you both are thinking and laugh.”
- I'm doing 3 days a week, & combining body parts. With 2 days of cardio, soccer. I usually do 1 bodypart a day.
you too! Come out to Arnolds downtown Friday! Free show!
Bedford Park, Kingsbridge Heights here. The world is so vast, Twitter swollen with internationals and here we are both Bx!!!
#WhenImBored I just look through my phone
When trying to finish a boring book, imagine Morgan Freeman reading it to you.
What else is new. “: If it weren't for , Twitter would fucking suck right now.”
Thanks for the support!!
<insert tweet about the Grizzlies here>
So excited to wait until the 5th round for the next #BUCS pick...
Time for another storm! I'm torn, I was going to try and sleep but I love the lightning.
I'm so hungry but everything I eat I barf. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
that "beaked out" pun was almost as bad as "bump and rind." Almost...
oh sweet! I bet that's exciting
gotti I love you and your huge muscles RT back please!!
My confidence to you has plummeted like hell
i knew Dr Paul would b rejected, it will take another 10-12 years b4 the world wakes up 2 his wisdom; typical though; Thank You
Singed my hair on a candle. Yep. That sort of day.
Congratulations for a very successful opening! Welcome to the neighborhood :) We look forward to partnering up with you soon!
Working, working, working. Different city, same shit. ;)
I think i like drinking in new orleans better than drinking in BR. There's a better grade of cocktail here.
Goin To My Dads This Summer!!:)
Studying up on covered calls
She is a Land Piranha!
Real..niggas do Real $hit... 100
JnfmBbssj fuck I need to pack.
David & I love cooking for friends :) such a fun, relaxing night on our deck w <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>lots 'o wine & yummy food!
I finally had a moment to wrap and I'm lucky there's even any presents!
Congrats on future attendee! lemonade being sold on-site. plus and also beer ice cream to wet your whistle.
we need a healthy chandler. Amare its time to go for good. Melo chandler dwill next yr
BEST DIRECTION OF A PLAY:Nicholas Hytner,Pam MacKinnon,Mike Nichols,Roger Rees and Alex Timbers
Holy cow...check out demographics of websites www.quantcast.com thanks for the link
No problem!
Im at the meatpacking district at the armani party
Awesome! Thank you so much! =D
I think it's the only website tn republicans go to for legislation
what about Isabella?
Free promotion? Get more for yourself at the site on my profile. You will thank me :) do you follow 4 follow?
Awesome way to get in shape
Need to get my VIP game on!
Let me know how I can help in any way
Um, it's PMS, not menopause. And I'm worried more about the fat flashes than the hot flashes.
I'm so horrible w/replying to tweets! Didn't get to catch it but I always support Blk women n the arts! Rock on! Stay awsm.
dancing to le Tigre may not be enough.
Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous? or I Love You Brianna?(: Please Make my Dream Come True! I Love You So Much :/
oh! I LOVE good news! Cant wait!
never seen him...actually he just popped up on my Pandora Radio this morning
u r definetly deep
james said we're starting mornings monday
omg I just found it before but thank you so much!
Downloading lion to my new mac pro!
Why do miss anythings always overdo the charm..or shall i say fake thru it..being pleasant isnt really them..
i'm actually crying because i will see you tomorrow omg
Its finally Friday. Lots of fun things going on today. Stay posted and tweet any tips to
Of course not, but don't understand why should we waste resources n add to deficit? RT $8 billion in WV?
no problem! Just remember it was the #McGowenBump on that got you famous ;)
twitter=so addicting
HA RT Even while incarcerated my reach extends beyond my 20 inches. I have hijacked Ryan Seacrest's Twitter. See for yourself
my gal's going to be pissed.
"america is all about speed. Hot, nasty, bad ass speed."
My Google ads preferences say I'm 35-44. I wish.
early riser
Happy Mother's Day to all! A mother is a gift to cherish!
no one does
Last Q: Q6 What are some of the things that u plan on doing in the next 6 mos to create collaborations and for what purposes?
I HATE you . On a regular basis you are scamming a cat hospital, offering service, not providing, and killing cats
It's my birthday in 3 days.. Swag swag
I haven't watched Aliyah in so long. Same thing goes for Legend & Semper Fidelis. Those were tough episodes.
"but mommy isn't dating anybody right now, she doesn't want to. So she can date you later"
I just arrived and somebody tells me I have go to CAMPUS now!!!
Derek Fisher hitting those 3s again huh? #LAKERS know they should be shame. Fisher is an asset and wins games! Why are people hating?
I think it just didn't want you working at 11, don't be too mad at it
Follow the
hell yeah
If I had a # KeurigVue brewer I would call it my buddy that wakes me up. -- cyberdol ()
Even though Breast Cancer is rare in men, it apparently is more lethal
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 5
Very excited to head down to #wherecamp !
Awards and great reader reviews - #TheRealtors - Can't wait for the cable series!
Listening to ambivalence avenue all morning, looking at art and drinking coffe, perfect
of course she is <3
can't wait for my iPhone to get here so I can facetime!
: Oh Christ Vegas
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 7
Leaving st louis on same plain I arrived on but had to deboard and reboard.....cloudy here. Hoping for sun in Nashville
Joel Bishop... #TheOrangeRevolution Awesome key note speaker!
Ps , just saw BONJOUR TRISTESSE at and you are a ringer for jean seberg's punky double
Break my heart for what breaks Yours
#What2ChainzWouldSay .. Hair weave killa.. Got a fine white girl, I just call'er VANILLA!
Interesting! (Great acronyms!)
On a Bad Meets Evil kick. Throw in a little Bruno Mars and its a righteous album - Hell: The Sequel
An interactive character will help educate and stop bullying before it begins.
A hard drive failure has slowed Recurly a bit, but other than speed, no service impact. We're replacing and will be back to top speeds soon!
I hate when I hear something fall & can't figure out what it was!
Happy Mother's Day mom:)! i love you so much <333
Forgot to mention that we went to the BET Honors and the show was FABULOUS look out for it to air in February!!
You know I can't stop all the trouble!
Sum always gtta fuck it up
This job is going to be the death of me!
I wish they would stop changing camera angles and shit.
Do I need my anything other than my drivers license to vote?
MT Congratulations ! He will be Cody in "First of the Month"
so i got an f...again... pissed...hat her..
“: I'm a pretty trusting person, but I'm very suspicious of grown-ass men drinking large frappuccinos.” Word.
GBIF using Sqoop, Hadoop; alas, no word on hula hoops.
Excited yet sad about hearing the Essay...it'll drive home that my are going away for a bit...much love :'(
Submit your music video and short bio to !
Going to TRY and sleep. Hopefully no more nightmares.
Wish my life was like a movie...
Great words of wisdom!
Rochester veterans and friends of vets, email to have your public comments added to the Nucor House hearing tomorrow!
Haven't U caused enough misleading? Vanish already! People, go find the real "Art Institute" in ur city;these guys are NOT.
Totally wish I was at the HOB right now, jam'n out to Rusko....
Footwear winner - IDed E Merritt AAM staffer & formerly of - fabulous footwear!!
Thanks for the follow, I appreciate it.
yes he was a great crisis interventionist
what is this a hit n run?
About to start packing again with the lovely
#musetech is interpretive solution, need not replace objects. McLean Cty Museum sees tech as helping reach more diverse aud
Old Dogs and Viagra?
Are you missing an A in that AL there? :)
With drafting of TRich & Schwartz to bolster run game, pressure on Weeden will be significantly decreased. Perfect compliments for our O.
Hahaha damn Google and knowing everything!!! What side of town are you on?
To those who actually celebrate, Feliz Cinco de Mayo! For those who just like to drink Mexican beer today, I hope you enjoy that as well!
very excited to see Beirut tonight at the congress theatre w/
I'm daydreaming the whole day
Dear boobs, Why must you grow?!?! Love Kels.
-wipes away your tears- I told you it was a joke earlier. Remember ?
Major #aloha from and Hanzell Vineyards hosting our VIPs in spring 2012. So excited!
it's not everyday that the bus assembles a chance group of strangers with an odor this foul. the odds were not in my favor today.
Swimming Pool and Spa Maintenance.Receive your first month’s service FREE! Professional, Reliable & Outstanding Customer Care. 760-456-5212
If she say she only slept around one time den u gotta multiply dat by 3. #You'sAHoe & im tellin $ bill
Our garden looks happy: more rain please.
go look at the moon hurry before it goes away lol :)
SO ARE U GONNA BE DOING A USTREAM TODAY?!?!?!:)
Sent #swagtooloud off to iTunes and every other store today. People are gonna go ape for this one.
It's time to graduate!! Tonight is the night!! Let's go class of 2012!!!
I wonder if there is a #crossfit WOD called JENNY??
Thanks for the follow, Eliza.
haha doesn't surprise me man!
Thanks For Following Me <3 Your Gorg !
vote your favorite hot guy VOTE NOW! DONT WAIT WHO WINS JUST VOTE!! AND DONT FORGET DO VOTE
Thanks, for the #FF David.
Demaryius Thomas is a decent haircut and an attitude adjustment from being an effective receiver.
This constant, unproductive preoccupation with all the things we have to do is the single largest consumer of time and energy. ~~David Allen
RIP Junior
how is #transcamp going?
Going to watch #TheAnnouncement tonight. I remember being a kid and not knowing what to think when I saw one of my heroes become human.
You've changed. I've changed. We've all changed. Now let's go our separate ways and shut up already. Stop your bitching and grow up.
that sounds all sorts of delicious. Too bad the only one in MA is in a mall. Which is now closed.
Well, the music portion of SXSW may actually be close to that!
I have the leg hair of a Serbian man right now. This is not an April Fools joke.
Excited about spending the night with
At the beginning of summer I never would have guessed I would enjoy Transformers 3 more than Super 8 or Green Lantern. Yes here we are.
Doing hood rat things with my friends band "Haver Kill"
Thanks. Link is repaired.
Ray Emery. heh.
Cool. cc Kevin isn't averse at all. Sweet!
Speek da truf RT : Epiphany after epiphany. Clarity is a good thing to acquire after months of chaos.
Agree! RT : Dziuban is essentially a library of books that need to be read. At least 4 books mentioned in first 15 mins.
Multiple helicopters hovering over the freeway at the beginning of rush hour - never a good sign.
Absolutely - thats the best way to build a powerful and productive network. The time is now!
: Sue and I picked LETS PRETEND THIS NEVER HAPPENED too, will include others though, thanks. I'm reading CITY OF SCOUNDRELS.
Celtics and Red Sox win. It's a good night
Was downtown Nashville last nite, & 4 a Thurs nite, it WAS hoppin!! It was really good 2 c Broadway so alive. 2nd Ave is SOO lighted up!!!
no you don't. I'm in the kitchen. LIAARRR.
Nothing like a good ole Twilight Zone Marathon on a rainy day.
so right. I use the fastest I have 58mm 1.2 rokkor when I'm in the dungeon
... and the question remains unanswered. :)
Between Cinco de Mayo and the Super Luna, I bet tomorrow's episode of "Sabado Gigante" is going to be fucking loco!
I watched it on Showtime on demand. Impressive show.
can't wait for to stn this weekend. <3
i was thinking that'd be nice, too. first, that. then trees.
had my frist fitting at the WB when good
-- She said she's the REAL one lmaoo. and No you wont cause i do!
I'm going to make like an AmeriCorps volunteer today and Get Things Done! :) Have a good day.
thats not nice
Aww! My pleasure! RT : thank YOU for all you do for the community!
RT : My b-day is Friday. I will be turning...old. I need a party with a petting zoo to balance it out. [Might be stealing this...]
That's the last time i text
Good morning everyone<3 c:
Go ahead, ! I trained once for a half marathon, thai I never ran, but got up to about 11-13mi. The recovery was too much!!
ahh love you too gurliee! RT i love !!! <333 and im so glad to have her in my life!!
I liv status im a numbers guy. You can relate Mikey.
let's porty.
Hey Nathan i just came from ur show on stickam (: i waz the one who said i like ur Deadmau5 shirt xD follow back ? (:
Wandy with 84 pitches through 7; complete game I guess.
4.I don't give a shit :) 5.your a hater so that makes you my motivator 6.I'm to mature to care about your rumors k? :)
Some little kid thought I was #Santa cus of my hat
Oh what a night!
it is what the internet was MADE FOR.
I'm bout my paper (recycle bin)
cannot wait for English to be over, thank god I hand my portfolio in tomorrow so it's finally done!
i was just looking at my old lacrosse pictures haha.. Perfect weather for lacrosse
That's "Ten GREAT reasons
the celtics always win when I have my celtic socks on!
no i don't know, cause you never told me the date of your bday
Back to work on the Boot Camp Website! Can't wait to launch it today!
road trip.
thinking they will trade him for a veteran qb later ...
omg please tell me about it!! Like what you love and dont and the people and places to go!?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
looking for a European women's history textbook that covers Middle Ages to the present. Suggestions?
once again byyyyyyeeeee......
I don't remember any of my dream last night except for opening the fridge door and being excited about a full can of frosting...
Four days left, four crits, five projects (currently completed: zero), two promises of free pizza.
i mizzzz you
Don't want to fall in love no time soon. Fuck all the lovey dovey shit.
: oh yess.!! Haha :D it's okay, we have no shame.!
Drunk at 7 pm.
Now knows pretty much all there is to know about repairing broken throttle control cables for single lever hybrid engine controls
sometimes,we look for the spectacular, and miss the supernatural.
Where else to come and rant about the Facebook ticker? To Twitter!! There, then gone apparently. . .
Three LOUD douchebags at SEA-TAC talking about Amsterdam, South Africa, and Tokyo like they own the place.
I thought you didn't take any days off? Well, except for Sunday to watch the Jets choke!
Legion Training Center opens in North Country Commons
“: he wasn't it. Spoiler!!! Fredo gets whacked at end of Godfather II.” spoiler I am drinking and didnt Think...
Did Dining Out For Life for lunch, then went to Trader Joe's, then bought books, then watched Bollywood videos and Band Baaja Baaraat. :)
Cracks in the sidewalk are just reminders, that even the strongest things fall apart.
Via Jason Barr: "if your 1st instinct after hearing about a tragedy is to scrub your websites, you have a problem as a political movement"
at on Sat! Face melting and uncontrollable dancing will ensue. Party!
Woot! Finished a chapter in the WIP.
Lies take victims, seperate them at the seems. Cause them to fall apart and move onto better things
GET PAID TO SHOP!!! WIN PRIZES TO SHOP!!! LUCKeSHOPPER Where you get paid to Shop!!! Coming 2011!
May is Health & Fitness month! Check out our Highlights Page for fun ways to stay fit and active with your students!
A lot of big things in the works
thank you for a really thought provoking conference
*yawn* Almost done with Season 3 of SG1, but now is the time for sleeping. Yes....
Who is going to see the Brewcity Bruisers roller derby matches starting at 6 p.m.? Located at the U.S. Cellular Arena.
if you could let me know the next time you have an event-- I would love to attend!
Thanks for the follow
Today's #CovertTU word: HUNTING PACK – slang for surveillance team. I have several hunting packs out there. Watch your backs.
I am county commission meeting... they are talking about the friendship bridge trail among other topics.
benched for who? There's negative depth on the team. That's absurd
Chiana:I wonder if any of my brothers or sisters share my passion for camembert cheese?
Tabling 4 Healthy Kids in the Heights at the 2012 Uptown Games! Great collaboration b/t NYRR, Adriano Espaillat, , & Robert Jackson.
Heeeeeelllllllloooooo #SPN family! Guess what tonight is? No seriously, guess. THAT'S RIGHT! New #SPN tonight! Can you say WOOOT!
Everyday she makes me do spit takes, and half the time I don't even have anything in my mouth. #FollowFriday (via )
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY! I'm now legal in the state of Texas! ;)
Thx for the slides. Checking out Prezi now. Very cool.
Dine w/ us this weekend and receive a voucher for a FREE Pranzo Speciale (aka lunch special). #lunch starts this tuesday so spread the word!
Lifes like a box of chocolate you never know what you gonna get. Lmao!
Make more, people can have easy access and you guys can buy better servers
1 state down, my bad
Seriously, why does insist on reminding me of every change they make to their UX over and over?
Silent auction items needed for Talk of the Town, April 14 Contact if you would like to donate an item or service
Agreed. Moving the signs one lane to the right it would make a difference. The shoulder is wider than the lane!
can't wait “: CP3 to Blake Griffin is the closest we're getting to real life NBA Jam.”
But it makes me feel so good lol
Thanks Eli
“: Write without pay until somebody offers to pay. MARK TWAIN #amwriting #writing” exchange for paint, or sculpt.
Have a great night and check out Losing My Soul on Kindle, its a great read!!
Holy crap, #malesoapopera Sunday's rock!
Sun in the 70s is a beast in Vegas, what's up when it really starts cookin summer-style
So i aint find a date 4 2night but its all good still gunna have a good time kickin it wit my niggas n Doin work on sum beer pong....
Given the weird nature of the assignment, it seems perfectly appropriate to me.
:) toiv... I'll send you an email. I have some ideas and if you can help, it'd be awesome!
Want to laugh ur as off? Then go follow >>>>>> <<<<<<< for some hilarious tweets!
I get what u get in 2dayz in 8 yearz da G mix baby.
"I had 999 problems and a bitch was all of 'em."---Keenan Thompson as Herman Caine
How can I get to work for me? My office has enough public funds.
There are things you wish for before big moments.
RT : 17 seconds of focused pleasureable visualization is stronger than 2000 hours of working to obtain a goal
Boys should never do duck face! hahaha
Check out 106 and park on BET today, music friends Anthony David and Chris Rob will be rockin' out ONE!
Finished with another great workout food time than training than more gym!
fuck that I'll breed baby turtles if I want!
Friday 5pm yeah that's right it's Martini time. The weekend starts now!
you got that same
cars > cars 2
Cannot believe I'm going to miss the fried chicken at #porkapolooza at - can't believe I'm missing the entire #porkapalooza !!
Yes! Loving this match! Orton vs. Kane
Hello world tweets !
Just wrapped AWESOME Garden Tour & Expo. Very positive feedback. Proud 2 have led Council, worked w/ our Board 2 put this on.
When My Mom Talk About Making A Twitter <<<<< -__-
Some people develop a wish bone where their back bone should be. -Unknown Author
Save money browsing with your tablet or pc, check out Tether App for Android, iPad and iPhone
She's getting married in a national park. I've never been there so that should be interesting. If I don't doze off. :)
when you supposedly "fell".... That wasn't even like tripping, it was more like letting yourself sit without a chair.
RT lol- dawn can swing it better than janish Your right about that! They sent him and Volquez down?
#Imagine Austin: there's something wrong with my phone... You:... Austin: Your numbers' not in it.. <3
Going to be in San Diego starting tonight for four days. Who will I see first...Ron Burgunday or
yo bro i need that report on my desk friday......... "fashion domination"
Back to back New Girl with . So FREAKIN funny. Best chicken dance ever....
So did NUTS over the win tonight? I was rooting for the 49ers!
": Keep a watch on your behaviour; let all your ways be rightly ordered. -Proverbs 4:26"
How bout a "Team Cracker, World Please..." Album W/ & ?
is wearing a slayer shirt in the first episode of rediculousness. What, u don't make sense
RT : It won't happen. By that time, the moon will be colonized and I'll be safe there. Zombies can't fly spaceships.
Interception Baby!
Its not what you have in your life, but who you have in your life that counts.
RT : Rick Santorum wears a fireproof leotard under everything.
For the hotspot to work you need to upload your video to a web site if you're jumping to a url.
San Francisco. What's happening!!!!
: Shooting miss in Venice today for Limeade California
that is an amazing stat!!
Determined to be the best never look back and have regrets how many people you bless is how much you messure you're success
Anyone up for a late lunch on the south side of Columbus?
Randomizing can be good or bad depends how you look at it I say it's good
Back in San Diego, albeit briefly: OAK >>> SAN.
should i walk away or keep trying?
This salon soo gloomy
RT : Good morning from the #NURFC #Cincinnati --> Good morning Jamie! Nice to see you this morning!
woohooo its superbowl sunday my fellow tweeters lets go Saints
aw! I miss you too! Where are you these days?
I don't know who in the hell told you I was suppose to share.
RT : Greetings from Minneapolis! Tune in 2 2day, 2 pm Eastern, I'll be on with Eau Flirt perfume! Hugs!
I planked on his conda ;)
Anne Amie Vineyards is hosting a wine tasting for residents in The Sapphire Room tonight from 7pm to 9pm. Come for wine, food, and friends.
GOAL!!!! 2-2 Now lets go
Konishiki, the world's largest sumo wrestler at 625 pounds, once consumed 100 glasses of beer & 70 pieces of sushi at one sitting. http:..
please RT Thx! this Friday beginning at 5pm in !
Would love for some law school to pay us to discuss this over lunch :)
This Dora episode talking about the magic stick feels a bit inappropriate.
I will surely miss your smiling face during the games. Enjoy your retirement...you've earned it! #86 forever <3
Great news! Now we are ALL Marylandians. Haha!
Some call it inappropriate... We call it funny.
Rob Wilson just crossed the 30 point mark.
“: aren't there also vodka martini's? Might be a naive question.” if it doesn't have gin it's just a fancy shot For Her
oh man... we had 4 kinds: peanut butter mouse, French apple, Bourbon caramel, + Mexican chocolate. I swear there were 4 of us!
RT : lmao! U tweeting from the floor? What's wrong with u lol!! <~~ no home training. Lmao!!
I need to do that too!
Last team to have the ball in this game wins?
God has put it on my heart2make this year a year of PREPARATION. Gotta get ready, something BIG is about to happen.
thanks for the mention
Wow, I really need to get back to studying. I have the concentration skills of a walnut. Okay, later.
No fun ever happens in a town that is a “A great place to raise a family.”
I hope you realize what you're getting for your birthday.
Could this have any impact on his appeal?
State tourism spending numbers will be released this afternoon at 2 p.m. The numbers are interesting.
A walk off home run and then I turn to see the devils scored again?
Art history test: I hope you're ready to get destroyed tomorrow lol.
Isn't it cool that when you were born like for a few seconds, minutes, whatever you were the youngest person in the world?
Hey Judia, what cha cooking'? Gotta good Thanksgiving wine 2 recommend?
lol,I tried on a pair of skinny jeans too... Couldn't get them over my ankles
Perhaps. I'd be fine sticking him in CF to begin the contract if they brought him in. Move him to RF after Hart's contract ends.
I know someone who insists that (s)he has not filed a tax return in eight years and has suffered no consequences.
of course
After the SUPERBOWL...CHECK ME OUT...WWW.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
Lime Juice on deck
A backward poet writes inverse
I'm in shock. HUGE bag of "home stuff" frm colleagues w/congrats on the new house. I work w such thoughtful, caring people! cc
I will thx jelly
My dog doesn't appreciate me singing to her :(
Yeah I know how to RollerSkate:) Why??
Happy Birthday love
Bought my tix today to see The MUMMIES (yeah!) at Budget Rock 8
I think I should get some credit for finding something hiking-related that neither or knew. I'm legit now.
My life is finally better than my dreams<U+2764>
LOL yes. Excitement
or start doing the opposite of what you think you should do.
Save 30% this week on your favorite Spot Organics products...just use the coupon code "EcoCoolDog" during checkout. WOOF!
getting ready to re-enter the work world a day early.
lol finally on twitter? #welcome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
A mustang I bought myself and couldn't be more prouda :D
why would anyone in their right mind want to follow this guy he'll eat the american people alive
"Facebook that bitch! I need to see if shes hot"
happy first day of spring twitter!!!!
"famous titles"
Oh my god I hate that it's like useless and just like there . It's like stfu
#in my head there :D hehe <3
sorry to hear.. Lol.
I Hear Music 2012 is May 18th-20th 2012. All roads lead to Cincinnati.
Expecting important phone call so I keep staring at my phone and willing it to ring. I feel like I'm single and dating again...
Wind canceled work plans now what to do? wide awake
Off to teach the new kids at Brooks a thing or too. Go orange team!!!
When we find the perfect water, We'll hang out on the shore. Just long enough to leave our clothes there
JazzbahABQ thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Happy Birthday to U!
doesn't sound like your Monday will be too promising
You can't be a loser if you watch Avengers. Go see it.
Another weekend is almost here! Anyone attending an event that requires a Tyvek wristband to enter? :)
I think it would be much easier to sell any kind of tangible product than what we social marketers try to peddle!
Neither rain nor sleet nor snow nor dead of night will keep me from a cheap sushi lunch.
SO proud of you!!! You deserve all the best-u earned it!! Would love to talk and catch up!! Take care! Luv ya lots!
Did just have a #shufflezebra on TV tonight?
Omg So True! i listen to the positive and forget the negative..
Ms. Hill where u at!!! Talib been askin!!!
you my friend are hilarious! just getting used to this twitter thing (alaskans go figure) thanks for the laughs!
Player highlight releases begin today! Uploading right now.
Pet peeve is someone wearing sunglasses and there is no sun hello
thank you for all your help last night!
RT : Check out what's new at these #SouthFlorida #hotels , , <U+200F>, :...
like when the easter bunny hides your basket from you?
10 people came to tell me that Justin Bieber is queer! Then I said of course not, he is super talented! Honestly!
are you doing your 6 o clock ustream we are waiting and nothing has happend
hopefully I'll be working all day today, but that's it. Did you ever get a phone? :p
it's raining because the sharks lost.
Ohh sorry hey :)
If your on the Peninsula... You've got to go see Sarrtori Fine Apparel.. this is Quality clothing !!
right now ! ?
Very classless. But I would expect no less from someone who writes for one of Rupert Murdoch's tabloids.
These female gone get they feelings hurt haha grow up
iAiNT GOT NO ROOM TOO TALK DOE ((Crazii Bout My BD)) :)
i wonder if will see this & RT or follow or something!!! lol
&the reality that several present&past candidates on payroll .
Anybody up right now?
Tell me you all went outside and enjoyed the weather today!
"You can see one right now though". Funniest Quote I've Heard All Week.
I have #NoRespect for girls who make bad comments about people when they pass them in the hall way..
I like evenings like these... quiet, slightly cool, lights dimmed, with a 50% chance of love...
#WeWontWork if you plan on using violence and aggression to get what you want.
puppies or kittens?
Haha unbelievable. He's finally made it I guess.
what do u expect? It's espn, anti-hockey.
whats up man? how you doin?
Friday will be the first time I wear a jacket and sweatpants to the beach
happy birthday kourtney =)
good question. I thought it was primarily a chance for local politicos to strut their stuff on world stage.
exchanged during a typical French
Happy New Year East Coast!!!!
TO ENTER... WINNER PICKED AT 5:45 PM... PICS TO FOLLOW...
Not Paleo. Just less chemicals. I know I'll get pesticides, but not adding chemicals myself. No splenda, MSG, etc.
. Thanks so much for your RTs this weekend!
I'm going to attempt to make my hair look like Lil Mama's "Snooki bump" tomorrow. (:
lead 14-8 at half over
Got crushed at 12 hour 25/50 PLO session at bellagio. Played great... Except for the hands I got crushed in.
$6 student tix on Fridays. Gotta come up.
with rise in importance of online analytics are we teaching how to fully interpret stats for meaning?
let me know if you ever want to hang, I'll be around as well
So many books and not nearly enough holiday!
Pen exploded in my 1-of-a-kind #LambertsonTruex canvas-python clutch, 1 of my best sample sale finds ever-ARGH. any tips re:getting ink out?
Yes, just the right place to annoy me to no end. A boxers fracture without the punching.
Caps win! Series tied!
A crook is a person who was out for what he could get and in for what he got.
RT : When you start arguing over any and everything, it might be time to say fuck it! No matter how bad you want it to work!
RT Let us know what you all want us to tweet about! Lighting,bedroom,outdoor?
At BIZNOW Washington Real Estate Summit, I think the market cautiously coming back overall, strong in DC
i wish would stop changin her dam name on twitter !!!
Charles Barkley says anything on TNT <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Won't b flipping burgers this summer its gone b 2 hot for all dat shit
I would have gone with cherry or orange. But seriously no way has he done anything to deserve early Heisman buzz.
5 hours left to #ROCtheDay! Have you given yet?
so true!
the odds of u seeing this is slim to none. But thank y. This is just what I needed.
and you're probably right...
Are you an entrepreneur? Request our Business Proposal
So mad! I couldn't see the midnight premier of #projectx! Ah
but you have VIP and breakfast for San Fran, right?
Aw man..well .. it can only get better from here.
Americans get reps/senators they deserve b/c of lazy thinking and political apathy. Research candidate b4 you vote
I love blocking people for spam. Rarely are things so cut and dried anymore.
Because every time i'm on here there are like 50 million tweets...
Good luck Troy! Can't wait to see the after pic.
I'm practicing bass guitar more and more. Ready to perform in front of my friends :)
Congrats on your new job at KSTP. I worked there as a street reporter from '88-'92. Great shop!
it's a perfect time!
maybe the floor needed refinishing! Haha get it stripper on the floor....ok it wasn't as funny as I thought it would be...
I just karate chopped my book stack as a bug landed on me. Whoops.
Oh too bad!! It's hard to fit in all the good things we have available to us, isn't it?
Putting beds together is not fun.
they popping up all over the place now lol
I wonder what life would have been like if you had had enough oxygen at birth
Justin beiber song boyfriend is amazing ;)
Happiness only Happens when you allow it to Happen
we did on a small scale by letting people vote on new rotations for Charlotte Stories exhibit in an online poll
Sunburn on my legs , so sweats tomorrow :D
I'm falling apart
I see you iMak "Booty" on #b95homegrown w/
"I'm just sayin"...I mean what else would you be dong after saying something? You might as well say..."I'm just breathin"
oh shit. My bad :( yes I have.
RT : Just hearing about May still have a few friendships had it been round earlier. No #dining with cheapskates!
#3WordsOfAdvice Show your LOVE
chilling at home about to hit the bed tired ;) good night twitter followers:)
thank you! if you have a few minutes, Amazon customer reviews are always much appreciated.
Yes it has been kind of a rough 2 years for Minnesota sports teams, luckily other than the Bucks we have been very lucky in Wisc.
TY so much! So happy:):)
Prosecutor: #Huguely initially didn't disclose that he kicked in door, took computer because knew what he did was wrong.
we're flying first class up in the sky
Girl to girl bullying seminar tomorrow at 9am at Barry University! More info at www.southfloridaalerts.com
I would guess will probably address this at some point later today.
of the county if the taxpayers always right what about medical marijuana hypocrites
Determination, Boldness, Tenacity, Perseverance, Passion = Success
Sharon Needles! Happy Halloween!
Ha! Better you tweeting than me, then. :P
yeah, that's how I roll too.
I'm sure there are some who aren't. Hobos for example.
Already starting to work on my second mixtape
RT : you are all dead<= may we all rest in peace
I finally had time to check out some blogs of tweeps I follow. Yours was one of them. I love it!! It's a gem! :)
I think I wanna go blonde <U+2666>+/-
What?? Badly behaving faculty!?!
What are we up to today?? Created 2 new custom #FB & Twitter pgs for our clients, finished a website & tweeted 38 times. Movin & shakin!
thanks so much! Great guy with an interesting story, glad you enjoyed it.
“: That terrifying moment when you realize you're starting to get attached to someone.”
A delayed welcome to DC!!! Though it looks like you're finding most of the great places on your own.
- you guys at ? or nearby?
Japan Ambassador get Seski favorite blanket from Pendleton. He wear well but will sweat lots if take outside.
i think alonzo mourning and tim hardaway are out for the heat too
Alone with my thoughts, writing a poem about the tender torment of love. Anyone know any words that rhyme with Kardashian?
shines through!
Thanks to everyone that came out last night we had a blast!!!
"How old is your baby?" "36 months." WHY CAN'T YOU JUST SAY 3 YEARS OLD!?
RT </3 : That horrible feeling you get when one of your main girls is moving in just a few more weeks.. &lt;"
thanks for the rt! Hope you guys have a great weekend.
#hitsradioloves One Red Martian's song
Watching Jaws, y is Wil trying 2 crawl in2 my armpit? Classic
hey can u plz follow me I WILL FOLLOW BACK I just need more followers cause twitter wont let me follow anyone til i have more
I'm not a Romney fan, but I think his prep school days are irrelevant. Likewise,I still think he's on the wrong side of this issue.
Holy piss Batman! It's raining cats and dogs!!!
whats up with flight 3814? Its now been delayed twice.
I'm a total nerd! Going to see the midnight premier of The Avengers tonight(:
thank you! wonderful company to be in.
if you are innocent you would want to clear your name. Guilty people pay to sweep it under the table
Thanks for the mention!!!!
ah sorry, my bad!!! If I listen to that article, there will be no more of that! It's going to be tough...
the public bathrooms were closed for the winter. K pitied the homeless. everyone should have access to a bathroom
I miss you too! We just get too busy. We need to pencil each other in for some catch up time soon!
omfg hes not my boo. he should have been urs
2009 Primetime Emmy Award Tickets available. $350 per seat. Sept. 20, LA's Nokia Theater. Interested in going, send me a message.
The only real failure in life is one not learned from
seen the estimates of tax savings at $67M. I don't know many ppl that wouldn't leave USA for that kind of cash.
The happiest people don't have the best of everything...they just make the best of everything pursuing their goals in life.
One day, baby you'll meet me again.
Cheer on TEAM ELACC this Sat, Tokyo Service Center Basketball Tournament! We'll be wearing our "Legalize Street Vending" shirts!
Nice. >> RT : I guess Governor Walker thinks he's #antisec now. Sounds about right, actually
It's so nice to know I don't have school tomorrow lol.
coming to dinner in Philly tonight for restaurant week - ive heard amazing things!!!! cant wait!
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant. Robert Louis Stevenson
my name is rod, i like to party
The first series of P&T's Fool Us is now showing on Australia's ABC Network (Like CBC). A magician finished second on Australia;s Got Talent
Hey!!! :D Did you just get this?
club water street. Right next to water street music hall. Band is nice.
#MomentsICanNeverForget when Austin followed me <3 I love you
Being THE Puerto Rican lol
I miss the warm days of March
Happy Friday everyone. We hope you all have a great weekend!
"Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality." - Warren G. Bennis
Listening to Paul's Boutique. RIP MCA.
DUDE!!! I commented and said DAYUM, it looked delish! Ha haa! I mentioned your name the other day to Gustavo from Telemundo.
that's not always a good thing because you can miss out on something great
What a beautiful day to get some business done in #Fishers!
just checking out e206 on www.youtube.com/cocacola
I love my. Job. Servers mess up food orders and I get to eat it. Can life get muchbetter?
You know when you've gone for a girl who's abit too young when you've got to make the train noise to get your C&*k in her mouth
Whoa. What a night! Happy birthday to good to see everyone!
can u text me.. I have to talk to u
You know the end of school is approaching when the Tony Award nominations are released. :)
thanks for sharing how Richmonders can help!
get some Zayn ;)
Its 3am & I'm fucking hungry
You're very welcome :)
YOUR DM AIN'T OPEN.. SEND ME YOUR NUMBER ON FACEBOOK NOW! I GOTTA PUT U ON A LICK!
ring the doorbell when he gets here
the problem, as usual, is sprint.
how did you feel when you found out your were pregnant? Were you afraid?
of course <3
We're playing at the venue tonight at 7 with
Word #wifeofamedatudent RT If I had a dime for every time I cursed at med school hahaha I'd be damn rich by now
I'd like to think they were real contrary to popular belief, but my faith is low, low, low.
Can't wait to watch when I'm home tomorrow. On way to stadium now, say hi to precious for us. Who's bringing it out? Peyton?
The more interesting question is who will they leave OUT of In Memoriam? Who'll get "Haimed"?
Hahah no problem(:
I'm surprise no one is tweeting xD!
Soda was a bad choice
It's been a good season, I'm not even mad they tried as hard in one of the most roller coaster ride seasons ever & all the injuries.
I like when I get exactly who I want ;)
Why is misery so much more, than a touch, a kiss, a hug, to settle the score. The game that repeats play by play. Does love exist anyway?
: Lyrical Trilogy Ranked Number 15!!!!!! Come play a couple tracks
right! I seriously can't imagine #TheGame without Melanie and Derwin. Tasha can not be the center if the show.
RT : Stoked to welcome to the team!
you right too. Works everytime.
My mouth hurts:(
Bieber is Rad! Follow me or retweet if you agree!!!
Thanks for the #FollowFriday shout! Excited to #visitJamaica again for 2 months starting next week!
got that website done.... finally
I know man, he really does. He finished teaching and were all using our phones and ipods now lol
We Love The State Of Kentucky & Want To Follow Everyone In It!
U SHOULD BE ON CBS3 AS ANCHOR OF 6 and 11 THEY NEED SOME FRESH HOTNESS
Wishing mad diarrhea on my rich needy customers that don't leave a dime for a tip
my died at about 10:45
"hey there pancake, how ya doin'? ... BITCH!"
IT'S TOO EARLY IN THE GODDAMN GAME TO BE WORRYING ABOUT SOMEONE NO HITTING YOU
WOW. Bron wrote the story for tonight's news.
#3WordsForYou Jump. Off. Bridge.
What the hell was was i thinking, picking WVU?
Don't welcome me hoe. I'm the reason anyone is even here.
very valid concern. Ideally, new building would come with new ownership.
Your fake grass has weeds?
Omg I just got a a heart attack i'm seriously crying because I got so scared
Call me a safe bet, im betting im not
Im not eating this week ana and mia will be.my friends like always
Laying in bed waiting for you to charge your phone
Newt's sister looks like Susan Boyle
I'm watching a show from last week and just noticed how shinny your nails are #niceMANicure ;)
FUGU! FUGU! FUGU! It's coming sometime in December! Keep your calendars open and we'll keep you posted!
#RoyalPeopleProblems RT : I have that same problem because I'm <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091> and I got the <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Need a reliable service for printing business cards, brochures, postcards, etc? DanceFit <3s
o! That would be cool, when are you available?
33days 11hrs 42min till Breaking Dawn !!! Can't wait! Have a blast at the premiers!!!!
to give Frank Bryant Lecture in SA on October 14 - we can't wait!
Just got done playing tennis with Nick :)
Damn that was fast.
well thanks so much! That's an amazing compliment. You rock my friend!
oh my heck!!! Me to!!! Hahaha
same place as Ricardo Rivera lol
oh its 5 hours ahead there! & lucky :O my summer vacation is in a month...
- Yes, I think that he (Deco) already publicly stated that he's leaving
german is now the thing
oh I see. boa sorte
The two main components in IT are hardware and software. But there is also a lesser known ‘grey’ component. This is the software that is...
Everyone's fangirling over how deep Nick's voice was last night & I'm just here like... "I heard that sexy voice in person before y'all" LOL
i was watching a movie. I look over at makayla and she was eating the play lipstick you guys gave her. Hahaha..lol :-)
life doesnt start when you are ready for it, you have to start when life is ready
I've said it before I'm saying it again ... I really need to create an anonymous twitter account
#peytonmanning sure maimi has beaches and what not but nothin can beat Colorado's mountains!
Sometimes goodbye is a second chance.
Happy New Year for all of us at the Actors' Lounge...keep in touch with us!
Here's the ballgame: Bases loaded, no one out, Helton up. 6-2 Sox bottom 6. Okajima in. Get off your computers and get to a TV!
im down!
Thank You so much for the review! It was perfect <U+263A>!!!!
And that person is almost certainly Gary Bettman
Ugh I hate that I can't see all of your tweets now! And it will take forever to follow 500 ppl on this account *sigh*
just resent it
Good weekend Portland, Deene St and Prospect St killllin it as usual
Pair revolution for long-distance couple interactions is coming to #life30 to show the future of
Anywhere that gets me out of PB.
Do u ever feel lime you're being followed?....
Is it bothering you? XD
Thanks to all you have followed me through and have assisted with my awakening and journey. Mixed blessings Pease N Love to all
Free tix for the show tonight, just say "Rebels Basketball" at the door BEFORE 9!
We!!! Pawty time!
flute I have a 700 series yamaha
First sesh w this morn + no hot water in their showers! Refreshing extremes...thx for the intro/slaughter :)
In a day and age where news travels instantly, its remarkable that President Obama & govt officials able 2 keep Bin Laden ops a secret.
AND in the back to back, you lost one WS....
hoping that a door knob was a single trip..
Thanks for following & look forward to your info! #dogood Home of #2DayLatteFast!
Ron bolden is #terrible but the #PennState defense today is ridonculous
yes!! I need to
Thanks for reaching out! Nice to meet you, Rachel. I know a PR grad from FSU , Christina Morgan.. Do you know her?
A whole bunch of cheerleaders on the show this morning. They're waking us all up. Yee haw.
whales are the most beautiful creatures ever...
RT : The 12 Days of a Sugar Free Shawn XMAS starts in 4 days. Grab you free spot...
A gentleman is simply a patient wolf.
What do all you SERIOUS #baseball players out there want to learn how to do?
including you said that you would NEVER eat it .
read..it will put you to sleep
yay! :) I just added the card bucket today. $1 at Target!
So much reading! Very enlightening?
then go get pancakes
S/O to a gorgeous woman, wish i had her on my squad
Thanks to for donating the food for Thanksgiving Baskets!
#icantstandpeoplethat Smoke.. .-. It makes me want to puke when I smell it now..
TOMORROW IS TEAM TUESDAY WHERE WE WEAR OUR FAVORITE TEAM'S SHIRT/JERSEY. IMMA WEAR MY TEAM JACOB SHIRT. !! :) O YEAH!
success not easy, but it's time to celebrate!
ooh something wrong?
Know your worth & function accordingly. When you know you won't allow anyone else to make you feel less important than others.
#AllReadyFamouz and im not even on t.v.
How many parts can we have?
Old nurses' dorm to see new use as arts center - NECN
Riding in my first here in San Diego. Driver's first pickup. Yeee haw! So pimp. //
#IfIWonTheLottoIWould Wasn't this trending a few days ago.
I love my team!!! and are the Best!!!
While getting ready to go dance am pretending I'm a GG nominee...I do hope the red carpet critics will like my pewter smoky eyes attempt!
Thinkin of a master plan... Cuz ain't nuthin but sweat inside my hand
Definitely not LMAO-ing ;-)
Tv and dish is finally done! Yay
(in 50 cent voice) YEAH NIGGA!!!
Will be selling ($20, cash or check only) and signing copies of Lost Washington, D.C this Friday, Nov 4, 12:30 pm to 2:00 pm at MLK Library
i got a long dress, open from the back, colorful lol. Its not elegant, its fun with print.
No, but are you and the rest of 343?
This is NOT The Talk without !!!!!!! Ugh
most BlackFolkz have been brain washed into thinking we shud stop tha procreation our race while tha devil laughz at them all
Hey thanks! We're excited to be part of the coolest art 'hood in town!
that is a coup for the lions. That guy is quick, as you know.
Homemade tortillas are go. My back, not unrelatedly, is gone. Next up: Making flautas while standing rigidly upright.
"You're not going to be scared of it forever. Someday it will stop being so scary. That's when you'll know."
: This conference was lacking your lovely voice! You, me and : femme tech workshop in 2014?!?
Most of the world's #currencies are divided into 100 subunits; for example, one euro is one hundred cents
spongebob may live in bikini bottom but i live in Nathan's shoe bottom <3 follow me!
Yeah I'm seriously thinking about getting SSX
watching the Finals Game 4 its Dirk early Miamis got 2 find a way to stop him if they want 2 win>>>!!!! C'mon Heat Lets Go Big 3!!
Its cool how everyone im close too gotta be #1 at eveything JUST LIKE ME !! haha thats why we get along !! lol
protect that blind side of !
Not everyone who drinks is a poet. Some of us drink because we're not poets.
Other people have ugly babies. And wives, and lives.
RT : Grow up.
New cover coming this weekend & i know its LONG overdue!
the beard should have tipped us off
i wanna go to
you never explained to me how this lil tour thing is going to get funded and if we'll be making profit or shit like that...
What part of Florida are you coming too?!
Integrity simply means a willingness not to violate one's identity. - Erich Fromm
There's also one on broad near chucky cheez RT : #RVA great #restaurant ... Chicken Fiesta on Midlo Tnpk by State Police HQ
yeah its like watchin a good boxing match.
love you SG!
I need to go to sleep. It's 2am and I'm still up...darn shame...lol
OMG HOW DID YOU DO THAT?!?!
Pizza today! :D
Looking for bilingual female reps in Miami, FL for promo on Feb. 27th-28th. Contact for more info.
Nothing triggers financial reform like a 3 person drumline
Ridiculous nonsense!!!
finding it amazing that even though i havent seen this person since 2003, he still has the passion of a 23 year old. easy to admire.
": Making a #Gemini your enemy will be the worst mistake of your life."
haha that is crazy
Ugh I'm getting sick. I feel like crap. If I'm sick on prom I'm gonna be pissed -___-
Happy Leap Day, everyone!
dang I don't wanna get a bathing suit. I'm too chubsskies these days
Follow my lead... "Cough... cough, sniffle... I think my allergies are acting up, boss..."
I haven't had blue ones! Only yellow and pink! But I like the pink the best! Strawberry I think!
Blank silk fashion show at the #perry #miamibeachpolo woo
Loved the NYC show! It was a Bday present from my daughter! I literally LMPRAO<U+E412>
You think if Odom finishes this yr strong, w/ Dwight out the pic til '13 Mavs would consider keeping him next season or NO WAY?
So glad I am at #thatcamp this morning. Already learning...
#Np Passion Pit- Sleepyhead
Getting ready for a full day of shooting. When you love what you do, sleep is no contender.
Happy Founders Day Nupes! Larry Rogers, Jr. Spring, '87 Iota Sigma Chapter, UC Davis
Oh shit.. It's Darren Sharper!!!
^ I want to have children, but my friends scare me. One of my friends told me she was in labor for 36 hours. I don't even want to do...
Why do I even bother glancing at MSM? It usually only leads to potentially damaging my TV and/or remote...
New Orleans La...my hometown..the land that care forgot..the home of the Saints! WHO DAT BABY!
the car breaking down again has been a good excuse to blow off everthing for a prison break marathon
“: Relationships are like farting, if you push too hard, things could get messy real fast.”
I would much rather OKC go all the way but if they get past the lakers then it's on to the spurs
Praying for you and thank you for all your doing to invest in kids.
Six years of Tiger Woods Golf has made me way to familiar with the depths of the PGA Tour.Give me Keegan Bradley.1-1 in majors
Hope everyone had a good weekend!
Everything you can imagine is real.
#FF Singer Music by . Producer Supported by Fueled by
It's a state of emergency!!!!!!
“: Only a bestfriend can see the pain behind a fake smile.”
I'm about to play a game of iPhone baseball and I need a pitcher!
The little miss has a book basket she recognizes as her own. She takes her books out several times a day to look at them. 8 mo old early lit
The debate today: turkey or ham for Christmas dinner? I'm a "ham" person :o) - Theresa Lucas
I like leap day! It's like an extra day to get things done, make more money and to love life!!
I have to dress up tomorrow and present my project to my class I'm gonna die okay
Go 'N Get It
Stacks on me petrone on ice.
I am in for dinnering.
But can't arguments be made using a variety of mediums, not just text?
Field Day is the Aussie equivalent of Coachella, if Coachella was a giant rave with a stripper stage.
I want someone to rub my back til I fall asleep
What are your plans for #2012 ??
try the 3mg...might work. There is a 5mg dose too; that doesnt work for me. I sleep the same amount and wake up foggy headed
I'm going to start describing one of my employees that way.
Thanks! I know I should, Twitter is just so confusing!
“: WHat I do you hung up on me last nite too...what was that about...”// call lost n I calls bac
Phone tripping
Morgan City redistricting plan draws fire from residents - Tri Parish Times
Pool people work fast :)
RT : Aftershocks are possible: duck under sturdy desk or door - stay away from possible falling objects
ah well goodnight guise !
Awesome day! 1st day of my 7 Habits of Highly Effective People Course complimentary of my job. Phenomenal course!
Bill goes nuts, starts replying to himself. RT : Hi, Uh, we're gonna move your desk downstairs into Storage B.
1/21 Dinner Soup Special: Butternut Squash Soup with Spiced Cream & Shaved Green Onions
The first rule of #barcamp is you DO talk about Barcamp
But it won't always swing peoples votes. For instance, black voters are way against gay marriage but will vote for him regardless.
Marc Veasey racks up another endorsement for #CD33, this time from the FWST.
Its been a long time coming. But im back at it! Laptop n all.
What matters most - cities relating to other cities. A hyperlinked network of cities. Pragmatism + collaboration.
And it's just to late, you've already had the best days, the best days of your life. <3
Galaxies are centrifugal, more planets n stars in the middle. Population dissipation from cities to rural areas have the same pattern.
Council wants admin to strike "gasification" from the legislation
This is true. Very rarely does it add the right texture or get the right flavour.
Demi don't want to baby me ctfu
thanks! I'm talking about DMAC and sustainability in teaching, research and service.
22 minutes in and I see the first CGI birds!!!!
if he get outta line his feelings get hurt
+ , solving sourcing and process problems aat
2 wisconsin players drafted by atlanta falcons....Atlanta must be closet Badgers fans
Phew. I aspire to be unstuffy!
Streaming will count against data any time you're on the cell network. If you can connect to a wireless network, it won't.
Get a Lime N' Coconut for me! Live it up.
everyone takes school way to seriously. It's the last 2 weeks. Chill out and be excellent to one another.
WAIT YOU WERE HERE AND I DIDN'T GET TO MEET YOU????
Just had to Google "chose" because my brain just couldn't accept it was a real word and spelled correctly.
Can't wait to see "Lincoln invented Facebook" become accepted fact despite thorough debunking today.
" Only time will tell who deserves 2 be in your inner social circle "youre only as good as the ppl yu surround yourself with"
Happy Anniversary - 5 years down, looking forward to 50 more!
That was an amazing thing to witness. RT : (Correction) Tonight we raised $202,000 (w/ $100,000 match)
Got woken up by Diego crying just now...can't go back to sleep if my life depended on it.
We're celebrating Global Service Day today! How are you serving your community?
this bitch needs to get a diary, or a therapist... damn
hey! we're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives. The Cab is one of our bands! check us out? :)
One month away from the MMWKND OMG Cruise Don't be left behind and book today www.theomgcruise.com All inclusive Code: gLoStaR
AP Literature test this morning, time to get me some more early college credit!!
it sucks! Ive been so distracted! And i just realized its too long so now i have to cut things ugh!!!
Follow me and ill follow back
A kitty at my font and I wanna touch him kitty kitty kitty kitty kitty touch it
Anyone have an extra tickets to the #sfgiants game tomorrow night??
WOMEN NEED A REASON TO HAVE SEX. WHILE MEN JUST NEED A PLACE.
At a show listening to & more! AMAZING!
An Eagles hat would've been funnier, since they (allegedly) murdered their season at 3.
my dad asks that about me sleeping lol. He says I have a strong relationship with Morpheus xD
TY new friends!! Go check them out!
- I'll take somebody with a dirty shirt and a great attitude over somebody with a clean shirt and "know it all attitude"
"No one has ever drowned in sweat." - Lou Holtz
oh I dunno. We're gonna make yummy sweet things. No rush.
Room is CLEAN, I even vacuumed, not gonna think about how long this is gonna last ;) ... now debating if I have time to tackle the bathroom
is praying for all those animals that were killed in Ohio, wild animals should stay in the wild...so sad...
I sure hope various factions and competing interests can work together positively. Keep me in mind when you do run for office.
RT I miss theme music for TV shows. Perfect Strangers, Family Ties, Full House - that's vintage stuff!
watching ice skating on TV basically insures that I never get any work done
I always end up loving the spring crop of #RedSox whippersnappers, but yesterday was tough. Will miss Lowell; hope 'Tek finds his way back.
OR if you prefer wine and horse racing will be at Decanter wine festival at Pimlico, also need some happy helpers!
On the bright side, Edinson Volquez was lights out for the #Reds for like 15-20 starts three years ago.
I was just thinking that! I'm due for an upgrade in December so I hope it's around then!
thanks a lot for making me hungry Hilly!! Lol.
I know, intense right? ;)
Tweet #1. We're going to have some fun world ;-)
WTF is planking, it seems like some dumbass shit to me
so true!! But what made you think of that? Did I misuse the term?
I will just have a litle rest here z.....
Don't mind watching an ad to get free WiFi at #OAK, but dropping after 1 hour & forcing me to watch the ad again is another matter.
Get out of my house
Just got a ride home in a Maserati. Again.
no clue
Check for HW, check for assignments, check for what is going on in class.
ordered my first pair of bifocals today - it makes me feel old, but that's outweighed by the fact that I'll be able to SEE
Love it!!“: Winners make it happen. Losers make excuses.”
: Love the photo. Spent many summers hiking all over those trails. Point Lobos? Sigh.
easy guy
thumbs up on that!
Apparently my twitter account has been hacked, I am so sorry if I have been sending you spam!!
indeed. Same day as flaming lips, the get up kids, alkaline trio, de la soul and Britney spears. Haha.
Stores: "Hey let's buy 100 cash registers but only open 3!"
... "Yea! What a man! Glad he came to the rescue!" UGH. I'm still mad and it has been 3 days.
whaz up man?
SO am I the only person who ever feels the urge to do something destructive?
sounds right for the rate at which tools r coming out these days. props to you for keeping up- don't forget to eat/sleep/wee ;)
Awesome and inspiring story about 24 year old mayor of Ithaca, NY on #RockCenter. Inspired by a teacher!!
call me
What does everyone think of the choice of narration in #dexter?
I'm too old for Vegas
will pass out baskets on the streets of Vegas April 7th and make a visit to on Easter morning! #VEGAS CARES
100 people occupying the fifth floor of city hall now!
someone give me a back rub
Would love to see another stalker walk out on #Lakers court and yell "Where's Luke Walton?"
Do you realize how much you make us smile?
PS - please don't tweet about my mom -> she's a minister (I'm the son of a preacher(wo)man!) - would hate to make things weird! ;)
I will, I never sleep anyway! “: Who else will be getting up at o'dark-thirty to watch the in Japan at 3 a.m.?”
oh of course BB u kno ;)
Yup. Wordpress previews are viewable only by the creator. (no, not that creator).
I love the weather but I wonder of we will ever see snow again.
couldn't hold on to the lead
now try telling web students to use it!
To be a real champion, you must believe you are the best. If you're not, pretend you are. - Muhammad Ali
Happy Valentine's Day! Don't know what to get your love one? We have gift certificates!! Get 20% off any detail!
If u in Atlanta were u gone be at I'ma come thru.
Don't you have an A&M logo on your car?
Good night
yeah it's all very sad. I'll miss you very much! I'm sure we will have many adventures next semester!!
Totally sunburned from 20 minutes of driving my car on my lunch break today. Really?
-- Thanks for the #FFs!
cuz I was in my car.
very very very tired.
One year anniversary is coming up, which means SPLURGE TIME! Where should I go? ...thinking (finally)
um what do you want me to refer to you guys as? Browns? wtf...
Driving slow in the fast lane. Move, bitch...
ahah. Yee. I bet it is perfection. Haha. I would of never thought of something like thatt. Lolol
TGIF! "Like" our status if you are happy that its FRIDAY ;)
who exactly replies back to mentions? :)
Jumping the bandwagon, working on a Gotye - Somebody That I Used to Know Progressive House remix.
RT Every tweet that has #beatcancer today raises money for cancer research - they're going for world record today . Please RT
Go ENGINEERS !
Yes it is! And Happy Holidays to y to Amy!! & a wonderful New Year!! xo :)
fanny pak shouldn't even be on the show doe
Happy to play a part in harvesting a fine Ohio buck this evening. Congrats, my friend!
Ask your MD about hiccups as sign of heart problems.
Attention! I HATE everyone that is going to drake tommrow that is all (:
Decorative paper in the hands of a creative person takes on a life all its own
I just spent my grocery money on clothes. At least I'll look cute eating pb & j's this week.
RT : "It's a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it." Somerset Maugham”
Thank you Cheryl. It's a pleasure
Friday is perfect...your town? What time!
Does owning a beard & a pair of strappy sandals make you Jesus? No. Does owning a digital cam & Photoshop make you a model? Absolutely not.
Find out how to start bringing in planned gift commitments at little or no cost on my FREE Ventureneer Webinar on Jan. 25...
Hi Hope you like our twinning tweets and thanks for following Newark Twinning.
We are here! Huddle in the parking lot! RT : Coffee club is here. We can work now.
Time to write some music. Does anybody have any ideas?
ya mean wacko of the yr or maybe roast turkey of the year.
Aint nothin to do today im bout to hit the gym
craigslist. which would probably lead to stubhub.
Try one of our featured lemon doughnuts today! They are sure to satisfy that summer fruit craving!
Effective communication is not guaged by how well (strong or classy) u speak, but by if the other people leave convo w/same idea u intended
I don't like decorated ass movies that have those "never happens in real life" endings
hey....next time you come to Detroit, please DO NOT let me know. My wife just put you on her "list". Thanks.
You would like it! ;) I loved the brittle crunch with the sweetness of the berries.
Go ohio bobcats!!!
"Commit your workds to the Lord and your plans will be established." ~Proverbs 16:3
In the west end
I. Feel. Like. Crap.
"Early-stage drunk discovery startup Mitergy...." Sounds like a fun place to work at!
Wow! Thank you. RT : YOU ROCK THE ART WORLD!!!
Especially Tom Cruise!
Thanks for the follow! I am a portrait and wedding photography in the Philadelphia area. Hopefully we can interact again soon
The Seven Forces Disrupting Venture Capital
what is that even out still?
I see what you did there...
Apple Pie = Yum!
they wouldn't even fight...
dance gavin dance is playing in chicago for all starss, yay<3
Didn't see that coming.
Hey, Yuppies, a button up dress shirt with a pair of jeans and dress shoes looks ridiculous.
"What if you just smoked fiber?" "Or Viagra..."
playoff hockey rivals that of any other sport - great speed, great energy, great game
your hashtags are strange Nick. Hahaha. <U+263A>
I'll keep you updated on the status of the confrontation. Currently it's at a stand-still.
The new #foofighters video is awesome!
yea right i dnt care bout that!!!
How do you define an aardvark?Aan aanimal that resembles an aanteater!
RT : No need.You have served our country and now serving our communities.Your efforts are dearly appreciated!
Twitter. You make NO SENSE to me!
#inappropriatefuneralsongs we had a good thing dont know if imma see u again...lol jcole-workout
Bad loss for the Bulls. Too many turnovers & missed free throws killed us in this one plus lack of rebounding down the stretch didn't help.
Never heard of FOI for phone call records. So I doubt browser history, or building security camera footage, etc.
Giving social rewards by a shot -
thanks. Let me know how it goes!
Sorry #Starbucks, Leonard Cohen's (or anyone's cover thereof) Hallelujah is not an Xmas song by any stretch of the imagination.
NIGGAS NEED ATTENTION TOO I SEE WHY NIGGAS CHEAT CAUSE YALL THINK ALL OF THE ATTENTION IS IN YALL SMH IT WORKS BOTH WAYS
Wow, what a great game. Japan needs some good press.
Ok, I am going to attempt this theming for AnchorCMS!
Fabio is a better bargain than Pimleseur.
& so little time! #medlibs So much good/interesting news 2 blog bout. I swear sometimes it's feast or famine...right I'm feasting.
great week kicking off the new team! SF next time!
A4: Humble confidence, passion, a sense of humor, coachability -- and a damn good avatar with a big-ass smile.
I can't wait. RT : Those asshole airline attendants might try to make me turn my iPod off, but it's not fucking happening.
How u know its da truth if u bein lied 2
Dryer has been fixed. We are hoping for rain again!
welcome back!
YAY I can't wait to get there for that reason!!!
So Ellis has been waived.... Had a feeling it was going to happen...
Why do I cry over you
When people get on the bus, then get off four blocks later. BITCH you coulda walked
My graduating class humbled me w invitatn 2 share Sunday morning "Meditation" 2 conclude our wkend festivities-am preparing:)
So much we are working on in the office!! Can't wait to give you updates. Tip of the Day: Get 1 single niche and make it work for you!
Things are probably going so well because so few cars out there.
well ima logg for little bit but ill be back on
Just posted my story to the forums! (Heat 5: Little Red Strings). I'll look for yours to give you feedback.
Go crazy, buy a book! I miss borders ð<U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Rodgers had jennings wide open!
Oh my gosh I still can't believe how much I love giving head. If I were thinner could I find more penis?
Congrats on the new edition!
Up and at it early
Poss/ dad of year award. With daughter at Hannah movie. I am only guy here and am skewing the average age by 20. All good tho she is psyched
Looking forward to your tweets, ChaliceMedia team! Great to connect with a fellow Colorado business.
Lol! I guess it sucks to be Snooki I guess :S.
so cool -- tom jones just walked past my desk. got a front row seat.
Ok, I'm done worrying about relationship stuff so from this point on its time 2 put ALL my attention on my career.
How 'bout them Celtics?
Hehe. That's funny! :/)
I love when people call me "My love"
Thanks alot! :) Go look up our youtube videos and there is some screaming tutorials ;)
Had an AMAZING time at the house show was there. Glad to see some people!
amazing ladies!
let him know.. You know he'll do whatever he can
We make a living by what we get. We make a LIFE by what we give
There is art everywhere I turn.
*waves back* Hi chicka! How goes the writing?
Milk and cookies before bed! Yum :)
summer in BK resolution: drinking inside, outside of a beer garden, and/or not on a roof will need some serious justification on my part
Yeah she's looking for volunteers for next weekend lmao haha I'm dead!! : sheesh thats a walk
i really wish i didn't miss you.
Thank God for clarity....
Babe Ruth: "He's a BoozeCamp Hero, Got Bars in His Eyes..."
Doing well so far! Go Pacers!
Since I'm in a damn fine mood here's more #FF ~Enjoy<U+2713>
Is suffering from Chronic Reflection Fatigue Disorder. A common side effect of grad school.
“: This bitch in the McDonalds drive through said she want a McDouble well done. Oh ok.” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Sixth Graders touring the Jr.High today...
link didn't work
Always love sharing the difference the WDW College Program made in my life. Loved speaking on tonight's panel!
don't forget Iowa
I'm in such a #DancyMood today!! #Dancing date anyone?!
im glad that you know! baha but u better work ur.....dollnesssss....one word FIERCE! :)
We can't wait to welcome you to Stay. Send us an email to so we can confirm your details. Best wishes
Kind women >>>
fucks with that
Jane Bennett asks, "How might the nonhuman turn help us live more sustainability, with less violence towards other bodies?"
He stands erect by bending over the fallen. He rises by lifting others. ~Robert G. Ingersoll
Im pretty happy with the work in my portfolio right now. But i med to shoot more and continue building it up.
If you can't take an April Fool's joke
Less than a month full my BIRTHDAY>>>>>
Great Oscar night Bruce Cohen!!!!! Congrats again Colleen Atwood! We still have the dress!
you're fat and wear a push up bra. dumb slut
me you dan and Alyssa are all married to each other we are like sister wives or some shit we decided that months ago!
lol mine too i was groovin' and everybody was looking at me
No?! Guys,i go to Paris ! Tonight ! My parents make me a surprise ! Rt3
All I Can Do Is Speak From The Heart<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Scared the beejeebies out of a group of students today about what they are putting online. www.curseoftheredcup.com
'72 Bruins (Orr, Sanderson, Marcotte, others) help raise banner for 2011 Stanley Cup Champion Boston Bruins!
R.I.P Whitney Houston, i will always love you <3 :'(
We were just as stoked!
#ItsInsaneHow people change
234-You have gorgeous eyes! I'll ship you with Liam Payne! (:
man he might, but if not, he's too good for diggy anyways lol
Let's go Jeets!
Table full of black people at BlueRibbonSushi eating the fried chicken...
Headed to Lucias w/ Working on a brand refresh. It's a time of change, to explore new beginnings & to make things happen....
Idk guys them faggots just have all the fun. <'3
Last night's M&G at Tom Foolery's was incredible!!!
I can't wait to make some!!
I hear the ice is moving on the Yukon River by Nulato!
I love when my mom uses the threat " if you don't eat your salad your not going this weekend!"
I bet the first person who ever said "shit happens" was eating a Taco Bell burrito.
My bad hair day is giving me horrible anxiety. I just wanna hide in bed.
The title should be "Challenge Won". Obama and Romney's solutions come from the same myopic thinking and box o' same 'ole.
that's love
Yes, so glad we got coffee and that you're enjoying the internship!
I got a 3.0 this semester according to the standard everybody else uses. But I didn't like it, so I decided I got a 5.1 based on my own
You stole me with hello and killed me with goodbye
lol real funny
I can relate to your Mad, Crazy Life! Thanks 4 the follow :-)
THANK YOU! We had a blast doing it!
#Np ; Drake - Brand New.
We were a couple of nights off in our predictions: you for Kitty's Back and me for Darkness on the Edge of Town
Omg, "Will" looks like a vampire xD
Dear CF & GP. Did you get more lights for the bigger studio or will I need to turn up the brightness on my TV... again.
Interesting article RT : Art in Provincial Culture
Wavecrest Woodies meet at Moonlight Beach was great. My favorite were the 2 cute little dogs in the small woodie wagon.
Welcome back to the #1 spot of my TV shows You've been missed.
After a certain weight it all feels the same to me. I never got that. Just able to lift it less times
The best part about that party was last night was seein Derrick #Unnnnf (;
haha what time is it? :o
Interviewing Cubs 1B Bryan LaHair today for a story for Vine Line, the Cubs mag. He's had long journey but this yr is his big shot.
haven't talkd to my sis much since I started working.. I miss her so much
Somebody who wins a lot please beat me at #chesswithfirends User name Speakspress. I having a hard time finding good challenges.
see that's a better reason :) NIGHT LINDSEY lol
lol. I know right. I thought about it just the other day
for the record I do not have a small penis ,, ask all the girls I slept with . How many have yu fucked ?? 0 haa
Proud moment when I got my kids at school, and 6 yr old said "MOM THAT'S AC/DC!!" upon getting into car &hearing Hells Bells on the radio.
She's kind of sexy but shhh don't tell her...I might be in a lil bit of trouble, but that's ok we aren't public yet :)
#insomnia like always can't sleep thoughts fresh and real the purpose is there time for action... <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0087>
A direct descendant, in fact. Haha. No I just like dino blogs.
bring belle over too!
Run ended early today thanks to a balky Achilles. 1st run in five weeks that wasn't awesome, so no complaints.
the more the merrier.
no not you!!
Thanks Steph - we're excited!
You see that slow-mo! is the real deal!
playing the role of sweaty librarian today.
... As 4 the other comments these guys are 21-22.Who among us hasn't greatly matured since that age?
yezzzzz ! Aha devious much
haha... John Grisham you are not. :(
time to redneck-up this tool
Good morning! Good morning to music!
hey boo email for info!! miss you and i am sure you will come visit once moves here
You may want to cheat and go up to an Alinea-scale 20 course tasting menu to satisfy all constituencies.
RT : Q5 I can imagine a time when someone will want to preserve an ebook because of its beauty+ such but were not there yet
I truly don't think we would have won anything with Fabergas as a captain, he's not a leader, hence why he went to Barca
Drive safe! :)
Wow hyun! That's going to be amazing.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Tate: "Promise me you'll never cut yourself again."
"The more I learn about people, the more I love my dog"
Ya'll barely beat the mavs
sweet. Dinner sounds fun ;) we should do it Sat. And remember Hacienda on Weds
#2016 I Graduate #HighSchool :) .. Can't wait too get out of Philly and move too the big L.A :P
good morning! Heading to the Country Springs presidential event?
What can you do to keep those unwanted phonebooks away from your porch for good? Check out my 6p report live on
& im about to cry again.. But icant talk to yoou..
hearing someone say "i don't know what to tell you" when I have a problem makes me a million times more pissed off
Well that was a whole lot of nothing to get excited about...
This is the loveliest March I've seen in London since 2005.
looks like you need company...
hell yeah u do ur shit for mrs omara?
Do you have end of year exams? ;)
service. I saved $108.00, who couldn't use that!!!!!
I want to watch a compilation of "reactions" of people when you walk into Walmart. That is all.
Spurred by police brutality, Chicago congressman Ralph Metcalfe split from Daley machine: 'it's never too late to be black'
cuz i dont want to duh
a snow storm coming through the area now...followed by rain. I will never get to snowboard or sled this year :'(
C'mon CBS & Big Brother Production,WHY wont you let the houseguests SING,we want to hear them SIng, better then burpin
PS -- it's HOT down here. Wear linen and cotton. Be casually chic.
At the #MCN2011 keynote with Lots of people tweeting here, so I'll tread lightly.
#NF he a beast n the #UFC!!
Wow; very nice! I must have been there 5 times since it opened and I never knew...thanks for the news!
it would be great to see you and Heather. Things will be a little calmer after the Food and the City conference at BU this week.
Tell your story in a way that the audience gets a feel for you as a human being. Make them aware of your successes.
And so am I!
this is incredibly well done sir
My love for you was bulletproof but you're the one who shot me <3
": I still remember the feeling I felt when I first started talking to you."
Loving nicki minaj's new song superb ass .....i mean super bass
Life is so much more beautiful after a glass of sangria
Oh okay! Sorry about that. I know, they are all so true!
i hate school l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l0l
good morning :)
Sometimes i could find a reason to hate the whole human population.
RT : Today in 1926: Magician Harry Houdini died of complications from a ruptured appendix. More from :...
so great having you at Seven on Wednesdays! What did you think? Hope to see you back this Wednesday!
good news/bad news. bad news: DOUBLE CROSSED BY THE GARBAGE MEN & thrown in the truck. good news: surrounded by delicious garbage.
great work , naturally
Ahaha my teacher called me wild today . 0okay.
Everyone plz add #cgbb to any of ur post! Much appreciated
I just realized what words with friends was. and no. I played the original board game. I'm old.
Taking my #Mythbusters groupies to see Grant Imahara today. Big event!
Cute picture yall rockin my favorite color
Affordable on line personal training coming soon! Will keep you posted as soon as it is up and running.
People change
yeeeaaaah so that mean BRING YO AZZ and party wit us club MAI“: Special Guest DJ @ #MAI2MORROW”
we're going to get you to one this summer. Bet that. preferably one where you have a date. But we will.
You wanted it so you got it... Had it but then you lost it... Now you regret it
Greetings back to you from the West Bob! Hope all is well for you and thanks for the tweets.
Looking forward to mentor event tonight. It still amazes me that these amazing industry leaders give their time. So grateful!
wazzup with the studio?
thanks Mike!
omg my mom is having sex that shit is gross she like 40 yrs old !
I have both and exam and a quiz!! I feel quite prepared
#BestWayToDescribeMe fashion make up and love
#chelseafc fan till the day I die
Happy Birthday! :)
thanks. I liked "elegy," too. Really looking forward to the September launch
I'll also have a new butter on hand - Peppermint Butter!.
Nice at bat by Cutch. He kills the Nationals!
We have no desire to do what has already been done. MindFirstFitness.
we'd love to hear what you think of that massage!
and paper plates - nice! Ha. I have kids what's your excuse??? Lol
State troopers re: concrete barriers: All we know is that they're limiting vehicle access.
Folks filtering in for our breakfast #AD4MH event, the first of three programs today!
Having a meeting about World IPv6 Day. Or as its known in Eastern Europe, Christmas.
#BroughtonMemories not doing anything in ROTC
yes!! That would be fab to see you, spend time. :) let me know your flight details! xoxo
The enemy walks amongst us!
Dear family, You know I can hear you when you criticize me "behind my back," right? I'm RIGHT ACROSS THE HALL.
yes, in feb with Jill for 5 days. Shanghai! Super excited.
walk out of the room for 5 minutes come back and its over. Didnt know they used 5 zambonis in the playoffs
We all agree. The blended margaritas went from being our least favorite thing to make to being our favorite thing to pour. Booze slurpee!!!
that's what I like to hear!!!! LeeeeeGooooo
Just walked closer to a pigeon than ever before.
when we were asked the same question, we used to say, "we're practicing". We usually weren't asked again :P
Mystifies me that common sense--not to mention common courtesy--don't prevail in thank you land.
There should be a movie about Robert Moses
Can anyone recommend a tool similar to #xtranormal or #goanimate4schools that is still free? Would love to find an alternative!!
ACT like a lady, THINK like a boss.
Pirates vs. Astros is the free game of the day over at MLB.tv I'd register and watch but the Pirates have all of 1 hit through 5 innings.
Bartender, why are you so hot?!
THE DEVIL INSIDE made a surprising debut at #1 with $34.5 million, making it one of the biggest January debuts ever!
RT : So true! But when water is scarce, I found that the grass with the deepest roots is greenest!! :)
happy birthdaaaayy!! :D
Going to Doc on May 2nd to get in the fold. Thx so much. Love she's so close. May move Dog Dad there after I visit.
Thanks so much for sharing Jaimie's post with your followers :-) Hope you had a wonderful weekend!!
i pinky promise we will! I'm trying to go on a million adventures Starting Monday dude!
On set, getting into makeup. Really excited about this shoot. Same DP as #PortalNoEscape working with the best!
Nothing like listening to the version of tears in heaven while waiting for my train.
Everyday I get better and better.
The Aquanet Could explain the hold up going through airport security.
if you eat the shark in jello, that, my friend, is ART
i,m a very big fan of your show
yea I'm feeling a lil better. Thanks for asking.
The body is but a vessel to get the Soul where it needs to go
So the dictator is just Borat with a beard??
thanks for the retweet!
NEW PROFILE LOOK !! :D
Oh, & it was fun & I'm exited to see if I get another call back
happy new year to all you beautiful small businesses! we appreciate you
Thankfully though, these great institutions have found a new way to improve their competitiveness
Listen to track 6
fav organic model technique: extrude the whole length (shoulder to nail, chin to jaw angle, etc) then interpolate. Helps dodge lumps.
that's just diarrhea
what is the one peice of #technology you cannot live without?
What's the hash tag for this event?
out drinking with my boys in the woodlands.
"Our needs drive our behaviors" Listening to a masterful teacher at Glasser quality school speak @ meeting student needs
Well, I have to agree!
.com? Lol yeah I hope I do :) I'm excited to start college lol
overall good article tho!
MY 3RD EYE MAKE ME SHINE LIKE JEWELRLY- RAKIM
hell yeah! ;)
The age in actors on #PrettyLittlethings ranges from 4 years old to 60+
just saw hesher. Amazing movie dude! Loved it. Hope u do more movies!
": The mark of godliness is graciousness.The more carnal I am,the more critical I am."Let your speech ALWAYS be gracious"Col4:6"
about to call it a night! Yay another week of hard work!
Wow, 3 days? That's insane. I hope people are using repos and offline during that time.
ONLY 7 MORE "LIKERS" NEEDED TO DO THE $100 GIFT CERTIFICATE DRAWING! PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD. THANKS!
Bruce nelson sighting...he said I was one of his favorite players of all time
u have a nice website
Cool story, tell it again?
if someone were to buy me the complete series of boy meets world and saved by the bell, i wouldn't be mad at them.
Haha. I understand your pain, don't worry. Doesn't help when you have dudes chopping their hands off.
and I just want more followers....
I'm always to nice . Not anymore ..
Checking out baseworld.com. Missing Miami weather.
good morning '
Don't forget about Saz's. That really must put him in the
Our thanks for the retweets!
already done :)
Today is National Scrabble Day... LIKE if you also play "Words with Friends"
Looking forward to playing tonite...set time is 11.45pm.
I'm sad, hurt, angry, disappointed . But you know what? I'll put on a smile and move on. It will hurt , but I'll survive .
#note2girls If a guy doesn't let you know that you're his 'Princess', then its doubtful that he's your 'Prince' charming!
you are the best....
Yes. RT : silence and violence were bedmates of southern black survivalist discourse
Now Following
No. It was a good foul. It saved 2 points.
O_O the cookies and milk were on the table i swear!they must of just ran away -wipes the cookie crumbs and milk mustache off face-
hahhaha well I was stood next to you for quite a bit so ;p
dont ever let a women make you.
13 minutes then I can crawl into bed. (:
idkkkk, the one where he said 'my towels >>'
What constitutional amendment did the Volstead Act seek to enforce?
How is everything going on your end?
Well, I must be off to bed. Until our next twitter encounter, goodnight!!
thank you for the info
Thank you for the #FF's!
Neither does dessert when you steal a bite or three of someone else's.
2 very important dates: Ayo turns 25 next weekend Sun, Apr 29, Daydreams and Nightmares mixtape in June
go get your yearbook if you must. Think end of last year......njhs......
Five New Films Announced as Part of After Dark Action
Awesome!! Switched at Birth & Michael Jackson Glee r both trending!!!! Two of my favorite shows!
and you told me to use a condom last night lol
Family is all!
profanity? My my. I will see you guys later.
love that I can follow many of my favorite dead philosophers on twitter
I'm so bored but there's like no one on ..
very cool! :) Have u been to the beach yet?
Feel free to check out Misplaced Comedy Group anywhere on line! Just Google us!
On sunny days, I smile. On rainy days, I smile. On bright days, I smile. On dark days, I smile.
Ladies and Gentlemen... are one song in to destroying #Louisville shit sounds AMAZING!
I'm in Cartagena and want to attend #yabtforum, who can tell me how can I make it so that I get in??
Call me a nerd all you want, Legend of Zelda is the best game ever invented.
great view checkout the Elite Showcase Basketball Classic UNLV recruit participating
you inspire me mana! Beauty, brains and a good heart!
will do!
That Yankee fan still could of given jeter the ball and get paid after all jeter and Yankees org. make billions and he payed for his ticket
The crew. You already know
Enjoying a rousing game of dreidel with the kids. Nothing like getting sandbagged by a nine-year old. Happy Chanukkah!
:: What did we learn on Live today? 1. suggests going to her place. 2. Vegans love/hate bugs. 3. Underwear. It's all up on you.
I put my smoothie in the freezer to get cold and I forgot about it. Now it's a slushie. :-(
oh. i shouldn't be allowed to play this game.
SPECIAL WEEK OFFER! Week of all members picks for only 35$ Email me for more details
The U.S.'s relief efforts for Haiti are awsome. To get an air traffic controller in place so quickly is AWSOME.
Dr. Conrad Murray! Found Guilty
This is a cool fucking day.
That last quote about me being "fat and lazy" was from the 's article on me from August 20, 1895. Gee thanks!
i just met and learned how to use Pledge
when are you heading down the FL?
same! Prom, graduation, bday, vacation! So excited.
low key, this high school bball game is on point right now
NWST: #Seahawks Free Agent Additions. Mike Sando, talking , plus #Mariners end the streak. 9:30
All warm in a Mona Lisa blanket :)
Happy 3rd anniversary at , ! We're so lucky to have you on our team!
Just found a STE CD on Ebay! Totally buying this!
i can hear the techs talking about cougars in the next room
Morning : Morning all!
HAPPY CYBER MONDAY. MAKE SURE YOU CHECK OUT EYECANDY'S HOT DEALS!
I think you've broken me.
aw, well its pretty cheap and it helps us out too!
Another glorious day! Which happens to be the name of our newest recording...stay tuned!
our artist wants to perform at love
what? This sounds like some illegal activity...
Direct marketing production vendors provide expertise and efficiencies that can save companies money...That's exactly what Sir Speedy does.
I'm all yours if you're all mine *
You should write a letter to her parents :)
accurate project status?
no doubt.
The middle class needs help!! For the sake of all americans work to get the payroll tax cut signed!
THATCampers, don't forget to post your session ideas to the website! Remember: brevity is the soul of "more hack, less yak."
like the 80s?
why do beautiful people stress so much
thanks. So sweet Shawnia
Finally an awesome performance, Phillip is amazing and pretty dang hot.
If God gone take me as I am I guess I already got on my church clothes.
Yeah thanks for favorite-ing my tweets .
I got that gin in my system. Someone gon be my victim.
Ha. RT : Takeaway: some people still read the Chronicle of Higher Ed.
#SKCvRSL SKC aren't attacking towards the Cauldron in the first half like they nearly always do. Why? Weather?
where did that come from lol ... nd yea u do .!
Champaign for my real friends!
I Beg Your Pardon, Sir, But Have You Any Knowledge As To The Whereabouts of My Automobile?
New drinking game! Every time CBS interviews an old white guy during golf tournament, take a shot! Every time they say A T & T, take another
Just sold another Dan Fleming original! "Dust Devil Swept Away" was swept away to a lucky new home tonight. Congrats, Dan.
#MyPastRelationships suck. #sowwy need a good boy in my life.
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love>3 xox
looking forward to the updates. Love the good news!
#mudmelt Melanie Kehoss: two views of tech&art.one tech is behind the scenes. The other tech is the art.
Don't miss the powderpuff 3rd place game! and play at 7pm.
4 Ways To Make Sure Your Likeable – Social Networker Attraction Marketing?
it's kinda late for "well and healthy." All the miraculous healing powers of the liver are closed to me by now.
love you mimi! xo
had real mexican food for the first time ever today. soo good!
You have to do your own growing, no matter how tall your grandfather is. -Irish proverb
er... congrats on the move then!
Morning boat ride to a platform off of Santa Barbara, happy to be out of the heat. Ocean breeze is feeling good.
'give yourself permission to screw up productively' this is actually also good advice for life.
no I was in the slippery rock tournament
were you sitting on some food cart in the back? I feel like I saw you.
Follow me plsssss!!Im voting everyday for you!!I love you Rebecca!! :DD Continue singing cos ur amazing !!
What a beautiful story!!
She just really want me 4 my Gear
I hustled to collect donations from 2 friends, but then my friend that asked me to collect met me the next morning for pickup.
No problem my man, I mean it 100%. Just enjoy your youth for the time being and it will come, it will come when you least suspect
just heard on local radio. 1 for sure, 2 is probable.
oh I agree Fo sho. That's shenannigans bro.
"I just wanna see the light show"
<U+2665> Happy Bday ;)Would u Follow ur BIGGEST Fan?&make her shut up , finally ? She can't stop talking bout ya ;D(10)
So ready for school to be over
it's cool I don't want a girl with short hair anyway lol. Don't dye it hair
Please e-mail me at . there is something you might want to know about.
...just got it yesterday! "suggested" it (suggested the way an Argent "suggests" a werewolf not date her daughter)
#IfIWasJustinsGirlfriendIWould Poison his sandwiches
Going to sleep not for the bull shit tonight...
Ok, that second girl is ugly as fuck and you have to promise that the first one won't talk. She looks stupid as hell.
but the better question is, is ?
MT : Tomorrow #AmericanU will name Pres. Bill Clinton #Wonk of the Year. Better luck next time &
I'll check as soon as I can. Byrd has always been one of the quickest trotters (Wrigley's 3B dugout always slowed him down)
Happy Mothers Day!! We are playing at the Hibiscus in Morristown NJ from 12 to 4:30. Good food & no cover!
followed!:D
I love my girl friend so much:-D
And... (hard to keep up! You all are great! Thank you!)
lmbooo. That's so mean
flatterd by the follow. I"m a big admirer of everything YOU"VE ACCOMPLISHED (plus yr GS post). I hope to see IRL sometime.
DailyHookahTips#149: For all you hookah nubes out there, #narghile is the most common term for #hookah outside of the United States.
they are in the closet yet find you attractive
We had happy hour w/ the Tigers yesterday in support of the foundation. Great event, great cause! It was a blast!!
I support u. Stay strong, humble, and continue to learn from the past to become better.
where should I be dropped? In the car now.
how fun!
A3 (supplemental) #FutrChat End of the traditional work hour= 24-hour museum? Servicing different patrons at hours most convenient?
<--- this guy is a sweetheart and funny! Follow him because I said so <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Tangerine Tango is 's 2012 #color of the year. We can print it, certainly, but will you be using it?
Just spent $1.00 on gas
#IWouldDoAnythingfor another day of sleep before skoo
Inline reactions show users ease and sharing priority, resonates.
Who gives a shit what Victor Ortiz thinks of Canelo?!?
#kids Wildflower Hotline for Central and Southern California: Wildflower Hotline for Central and Southern California Friday, May 11, 2012...
thanks, you too :)
yeah, hard to see this going anywhere officially ... tho the political message seems to be gaining
there was some kind of major delay when I left (I also left from millbrae which makes a big difference)
It absolutely blows my mind how authors like Nabokov and Hemon write so beautifully in a language that's not even native to them.
I hope this Jason Russell incident doesn't take away from the message: when it comes to humanitarian work, you can't beat around the bush.
If it wasn't for them. Smh
Last day of membership specials is coming! Starting January 2, we'll be offering a great boot camp special. Stay tuned!
We're open and blending! Come on by and trade!
I've got a face. Can we role-play?
hahahahaha. I threw up
thanks Boo Baby
My head is just spinning trying to decipher upcoming mind blowing tweet! I cannot contain myself much longer!!!
Ahh yea I'm talking to boy ! Hi ( :
I love smoothie
#sschat Vision of wikis would be a personal "wikipedia" of their learning,interpretation, etc....focus on research/analysis/product creation
different companys I think
Dear antibiotic: If you can punch this infection in the face and knock it out, you will be my new hero.
wow!!! That IS super exciting!
It's a good day when I run into a friend who also bike commutes and we bike to work together
hello there cutie :)
We are playing with them at the door in Dallas Texas :) if you live anywhere near here we have tickets!!
awkward moment when happy birthday kesha is beat happy birthday justin bieber lol
Rainy here, too. Must get up and do things anyway, before my best friend arrives. Yippee!!!
Omg everything is so funny right now ahahahahha
Working on some new clothing
interesting analysis in memo: discussion re. incentives to attract STEM educators who aren't already committed to teaching
hey sis I had fun with you at lunch . We have to have lunch at this restaurant along the water front
Stating for the record that on merits "Descendants" should win best picture. (Sorry, Malick) But I'm aware "Artist" has it in the bag.
You dropped Muslims in America because it was too controversal but haven't pulled your ads from #BoycottRush - time to
Got an email from saying tickets were now on sale for Panicked until I saw it was just random theater outside NYC
Put your phone on Lebron mode. No ring!!!
Maybe it is, I don't know though.
two things you love ": Imma get real high and buy a puppy
So awesome to see Kevin Clash passing on knowledge and teaching the younger generation.
HUNGER IS UNACCEPTABLE! Everytime you shop with us... we donate to feed a child a day @ hunger to hope! Lets care and share the word...
cause we a bail jump everytime....
We like our national motto....In God We Trust. Why on earth would that need to be discussed in Congress?
Could you go ahead and schedule a meeting or something? No wait, it's time to go home!
Ladies we are still in American Heart Month. Do you know the symptoms of an impending heart attack (they are different in ladies)?...
(i) South Korean Trade agreement; (iv) Libyan aid; (v) START treaty
“No one really listens to anyone else, and if you try it for a while you'll see why.” – Mignon McLaughlin
#Thebestfeelingintheworld feeling like everyone accepts you for you.
Busy for daughter: 4 shows at Lyceum.
Thanks so much !!!
update iphone...recheck manually manage music...itunes erases all songs from iphone...every fing time I update Thanks apple
Why do people eat so late, all they do is make the line longer!
Hey employers: if you call it an internship, but you require prior experience, you are shady and should be ashamed of yourselves.
RT True": if you look & act just like everybody else, you're probably going to get seen & treated...just like everybody else."
Panel 1 is well underway. Lew Aron, Jessica Benjamin and Nancy Chodorow on Second Wave Masculinity
hrmm. I'm pretty sure we don't yet have a way to fine tune Repeats. :( Would be a very useful addition.
see you in about 5 minutes..
They are blaming Tami's behavior on ONE shot. Look... Tami is 6'5 245 lbs I'm sure she can take down a bottle of Ciroc easy.
When your dreams turn to dust, vacuum.
Thanks for the RT!
Ditto ;-), I noticed you're in the palisades, do you ever get down to the promenade?
Great! Hopefully you can make it to my, and/or 's talks & get a sense of USC's intellectual community!
quit whining lol
Morting! And Halleluyer! Happy Ash Wednesday! God Bless,especially as we enter this season of Lent.
We always want what we can't have.
i have to disagree, i think pedophiles are EXTREMELY discriminatory.
An evening with - Absolutely amazing. Funny, smart and incredible music. One of my top 5 shows.
The media portrays Blacks an average 57% of the time in stories about the poor- InSpotter app
I dont see why people go eat lunch at the school all the time, but when I bring Taylor lunch they wont even let me past the front office?
is checking in for Shanghai at SFO.
Follow friday follow
RT if you love Liam Payne, i will follow you :)
Naturally up early (1st sleep away from baby) b4 we begin the day at Considering a workout, but missing my Baby Weight buddy!
Leaving NC Mnts today. Sadness
I wish I was as smart as I think I am.
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. Thomas Paine
Nice to be back in Bloomington! Great to hear some music i worked on over break!
Such a boring night... I'm going to paint my toe nails
I've never been so excited to eat panera before....
whats good!!!! tweet tweet...
Mother Teresa - I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love.
We'll think of something :) Did you bet on Orton? I won 5 mil! :P
but i can go buy some ;) its only 6:16pm here ;D so Ha! ill share with you :$ hehe
I need to start realizing that some people have it way worse than i do.
glad you got the hawkeye one...I could not draw a hawk for anything.
Last night was mad real. Psyche
The Steeler victory has inspired me 2 keep on learning how 2 let go of immediate anger & disappointment in order 2 move on 2 hope & victory!
What's your schedule look like? Hit the trailer yesterday. Loaded up on new stuff, love it!!
ur such an inspiration! and were all so proud that u are on promises promises it so amazing!
Hi James. My name is Ben from Fox 6. I am on rumor patrol for this Mayville HS teacher. I'd love to hear what people in
tonight was fun :)
I found my other battery. :D
say what?
Tebow to the jets!! Hold up h still might be going to the jaguars
You're an ugly female.. Lol
Haha, we'll pass that along.
reading I love seeing all the readers picks...I'm finding out about so many great products!
If you think that this is a good buying opportunity for stocks, you are smoking too much dope.
A Stewardess..Luckily, I chose another path. I suffer from travel sickness. Duane Reade always has Dramamine in stock. Thanks!
who ignoring my boo?
I get "Who" and "Whom" confused sometimes. I think they are related because they show up at the same parties.
In other news, we just learned, via visual confirmation, that our drummer tapes his nipples down.
what is going on with the red sox man?
you have a weird face
you get your order yet?
You are an awesome actor! Loved you in Supernatural, High School Musical, and more. I look up to you too. Hope we meet. ;-) TTYL
$#it happens when good things are on the way !! I guess
where the hell have you been?!!!!!
Love the how smooth MP to Solo play is in Diablo3. So many small design decisions which just work as you'd expect. Can't wait 2 play more.
Wondering how George Zimmer feels about all of this.
#Catching up with Days Have you noticed since he came out Will suddenly has strange hair? Just like Sonny. Is that a tell in Salem?
Certain Death 1.2 Online Tournament 5/13 sunday 5pm eastern Message: BEATDOWN Stream to be placed on the brackets!
$1 for every tweet to Harlem Children’s Zone...to end the cycle of generational poverty in Harlem.
Tired! from rescuing some lost hikers late last night. Unless you REALLY want to meet your local #SAR team, please carry a flashlight.
Can you ship down the good "old" iPad that you had before to me? I'm not picky!
Andrew Toyota salutes All of America's Veterans past present and future. Happy Veterans Day !!! Thank you all for your service !!
Fuck love I'm tired of tryin
You play fantasy Dylan? NFL or NCAA too?
Where are y'all at? I'm heading out of work now
BROTHA ON DA RUN, WENT FROM BRAIDS TO A CEASAR, CUZ STREETS GAVE US BOTH A REALLY BAD DEMEANOR
I dont want people to say sorry i want them to understand .
Getting my hair cut and colored. Got to find ways to keep changes in my life!
RT : Looking for a Drupal expert for contract work. Must be from Reno/Tahoe/Carson areas. Please submit resumes and...
Listening to Edgar Meyer's Violin Concerto.
There is a inverse relationship to the number of pins on #Pinterest and the number of words I have written on the book.
the stones- one person holds the bowl, another holds a towel- using children at the stations would be very nice too!
Lovin our new space. So cozy with you.
#teamnosleep tweet here watched rush hour and the lovely Ms.Rowley is here :)
music & typing this paper
aw no :( i hate spiders!
aw ok then
Glad to hear it And thanks for the #FF. Which Sunbelt Snack is your fave?
favorite player to play against?
Love is what makes you smile when you're tired.
Just rode the air-bike for 30 minutes; can't wait to get back to LA for hard core workouts!!
Sophomores: Damn I hate this place. Fuck school. Fuck teachers. Fuck everyone this isn't fun anymore.
roasted broccoli? Recipe? Sounds delish :)
i dont have enough shorts lol i need a shock collar everytime i buy another shirt lol
yeah (: but its too long D:
Sunny & warm outside, jazz in the background, Prolog compiler on my screen, good coffee, finding patterns in data at
Thank you!
Beer—not just for humans? In the 1800s, doctors dipped leeches in beer before applying them to patients. It made them more likely to attach!
i just unfollowed massive people.
Bud light lime time
I leave DC on the 3:00 AM Bus ... Arrgghhhh I hope I can at least get decent kung pao chicken there...
I miss you guys too! How are things at ? Lovely as always? Tell everyone hi for me tonight!
today thou art my nemesis.
Good, requiring more parking for more drinking is perverse incentive MT StP mulls new parking rules for bars and restaurants
Does anyone remember my million dollar idea?
Nanotube variations affect transistor performance Improvements could be made with better growth and purification processes
My twin is hurting and I can feel it...felt it since yesterday.
Left my earbud headphones at home. The day is ruined.
Yhu TOO BUBBLY
Glad to hear you are excited for Substrata Fest!
Whole body is soar from workouts
Shooting 4x5 film now. So excited!!
I am a forum JUNKIE! I would love to particpate in a new Avon forum! Heck, I would help with domain costs!
thanks Ed!
#tmbadq Is work considered a road win?
I wasn't upset about that black cat crossing my path but mouthing "you're fucked" as he passed was just rude
The goofy Obama bio from the Harvard Law Review was concocted by someone who was into diversity and multiculturalism. The facts don't count.
Caps Bruins game 7. It's not on basic cable
ESPN is currently showing a ProFILE: 60 about Aaron Rodgers. It's very interesting.
Can any UK Beliebers send me a link of Justins interview about Jerry?Please!
amen to that.
Shit happens, just flush the damn toilet and move on (eww lol)
Checking it out now! RT : #bareplus looks FAB! launches a lingerie site dedicated to #lingerie for curvy women.
Go Bears - wish me luck watching the game with a bunch of Stanford fans
hahaha that's fav one I think
Injecting my mind with word needles.
Write Fenty In on November 2 to continue 4 years of progress for DC schools
upload the one we took at the restaurant :)
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe It’s a whole lot easier to fail than I expected.
Lack of activity destroys the good condition of every human being, while movement and methodical physical exercise save it and preserve it.
Come on down Lynn. We're ready and waiting.
Act your age, not your shoe size.
Tips For Finding Great Jewelry For Any Situation | affiliateshopping
We'll be covering the basics of Wordpress for small business & debunking myths that it's just for blogs at tonight's CAKE: cakepdx…
Did u c the #HungerGames this weekend? Thoughts? -
Congrats! (Bummer about not having a life).
Applying for renewal of passport here at philippine embassy Los angeles..during interview 1 of the employees are chavidding..lol!!xoxo
trust me it was lol steak hoagie n large cheese fries #all gone
Waitng in line to get my wristband to see !
mountain poling!!!!!!!!
"Sorry but advanced stats mean nothing just a bunch of random numbers that make no sense. The real numbers lie in the direct stats"
YMCMB = You May Call Me Bieber ;)
I love you
Must be in the south now. ATLiens on the drive to 's crib in JoJa!
“: good morning y'all !”Morning lil sis
“: Its a solo cup saturday my friends” where is lauren when I need her??
Reading Love and Shame and Love, by Peter Orner. Characteristically awesome.
i need an idea for what my cody shirt should say. should i make it say "What The Simpson." like my name?
was looking flawless last night ! Wait .. She always does !
Went to a very cool event - partnership b/w SD Opera & Fleet Science Center: Whales Imax film w/ talk from scientist & Opera re: Moby Dick
Mr. Sabster is doing good! He's gonna make it. And the vet tech that said I had to euthanize him is in BIG trouble!!!
but I'm lazy
#iWillNeverTrust anyone but myself
YUM! I sure do love those shakes. ha!
Bonehead play by Lamb. Unbelieveable!
Indiana's 11th District American Legion: home to the nation's only college post; the state's only women's post & police post.
Thanks for the follow back! Check out our design blog and forum, www.wearelux.com
The equivalent for the Royals is buried in the fourth division somewhere. Incompetence has a price.
Still talking shit..!
observation on packers game #2: announcers' constant praise of a. rodge is already on par with their constant beatification of favre.
Buster, you need a better pic... Looks like a tarantula is crawling up your back!
Who won the Ice Rayz Intern thingy? Also, what did 3rd place get you? A free season pass for next year? 50 free shuck-a-pucks?
Joined the challenge Earth Day: Space Data for the Planet. #spaceapps_mia,
Super-hero me day! 4 loads laundry. Workout w/trainer. Admin work @ home (billing, bills, busy season stats). Nails. New shoes! 4/1! Yea!
": who does his S/C?" I think he's with for this one.
let's go all the below!
mn i done had a headache all day
RT - I love me some good : Get hype #BBN I'll be calling in second hour today with a very special new verse
take cover and you are in my thoughts, stay safe!
Before Facebook, I never realized so many people had birthdays...
they don't come right out and say so, but... (I'm just kidding)
Spencer you're the best and... i love you <3
RT : So excited for what God is going to do at all of our campuses today!
Well that put a downer on my day...
ew haha, how'd you get it off?
same cant complain
RT Is that a Bo Ryan/Jordan Taylor press conference? RT : Watching Dumb and Dumber..
sure thing! Do you have a URL?
Later Night Snack Wholly Wholesome Chocolate Chip Cookies, 4 Cookies (So effing good!) Seriously though, you should give 'em a try!
I'm not only the Get A Job! book author, I'm also a client! Looking for a new career opportunity in online marketing in Atlanta.
Please don't forget me,bro...I love you <3
Thinking about changing my username. i like bella but still...
Excellent. Looking forward to
im tired but i cant goo to sleep wtf
We're from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania! In the USA!
Dude, what if I cry during "One Shining Moment" ?
Thanks for the follow Rich!
You knew Man united was going to make it tense on City...
it upsets me that you're still awake.
...Teague, Lamb, MKG, couple left of the Davis-UNC block, Harrow and Wiltjer
no. Lol no. We never went back and forth. U beat me 1 tyme at my house when eye had freakin Penn state! U never beat oregon
haha my dad did
cool. but im with my dad
no pressure on no nigga baby #knwdhat #teambreezy bitches
News4 is letting handle the story & show video of it RT:“: are you on the super moon beat tonight?”
live-tweeting the #grammys since 2012 (until I get bored)
Sign on tractor: Revolution can begin with agriculture.
been listening all fucking day!
I forgive you
Yes I just brought in a dozen cupcakes and no I'm not going to offer you any
A few of us were last night for Bjarke Ingels of BIG. What an inspirational lecture!
when am i going to see you again?!? I miss hanging out at the pool/hot tub with you &
You must get good at one of two things;planting in the spring or begging in the fall. Jim Rohn
Thanks! You, too.
Oh, then offer accepted.
They call me snookie cause iLook Like you and im like You <3 Your My Hero !!
Yup, I totally agree and I don't think you can do any better than that (without the wrath of ***** coming down).
oh never mind sorry
4 down 12 to go...that is all. gonna get some much needed sleep
I hope did not ruin the ending for u.... Sometime #twitter sucks like that...
": I need something to do today" discrete math homework?
Have you tried our new Versa Spa UV-free booth yet?! If you haven't stop by (but make sure you stay dry tonight)!!
I'm new to this twitter business.
Don't be afraid of problems..They trigger disruption. Marketing must seek out problems looking for solutions, not the other way around.
RT Today shooting all day long and night, work, work, work!!!
YESS SARAH TOO
#GirlsWithPrettyFeet don't exist. Feet ain't pretty. Ain't nothing about feet pretty.
New word: Smarttarded - when you do something so stupid, it's actually brilliant.
I have tickets already, they start at 105 and go up to like 400 I think
It was nice to meet you! Thanks so much for coming in. I really appreciate the support! I'll be by your spot soon
we should really start putting #women up on a pedestal,just high enough so we can look up her dress..
yea I won tickets to meet him and the cast from percy Jackson and premiere tickets
Biggest basket of the year courtesy of the BIg Ticket KG #celtics - Another ecting ending in LA
nothing news. where are u from dan? ;))
Happy International Women's Day!
Radio edit for Come Undone is in the works!!!
"Nobody gives you power. You just take it."-
set your goals, see the bigger picture!
OH: "Smell my fingers"
thanks for your partnership and support!
Greek Dollar Night This Friday At Abe & Jakes: Girls Are Free, Guys $3 Cover Strict Dress Code KU IDs DM Me For More Details
It's sad how many people have a garage but are unable to park their car in it because it's filled with accumulated 'stuff'
Good job! I spent $300 at Marshalls, though some was for The Kid.
volunteers helping out this morning after a large apartment fire displaced many people in Schaumburg
want some tips on how to give award winning performances? what do YOU want to know most about acting? post your questions here:
Bella ripped the carpet up trying to escape out of one of our bedrooms. =( I hope I can fix it! I wish I had hardwood floors!
Hey Steph. Welcome to Twitter! Don't believe everything you read here. Twitter is the epitome of a bad rumor mill ;)
Do you have mixes up anywhere?
SAME OMG
First night home in my own bed in what seems like forever. I think the studio is probably happy I've gone home for a night...
This lil nigga done fucked off another dvd player
This Sat... headed to the city that doesn't sleep - Accessories Show!
Listen to our own Jim Burleson tomorrow at 8 with and on Coyote 102.5 for the Man Panel!
Listening to one black guy explain The Hunger Games to another black guy is hilarious. There's a lot of "OH shieeettt!" going on here.
I was more interested in the possibilities that emerged from within the constraint of the five-word sentence!
To get Instagram or not to get Instagram.. that is the question
wolf. you are sucha #hater. i sure you said the same thing about & and
I am the omen
Blending. amature vs pro
isnt huck seed looking incredibly distraught every time the cameras are on him??
Great young talent and especially loved the Spring Awakening music stripped down by Tim Brickle. Gorgeous setting and lights.
Actually, the recipient of my unfounded confrontation was super cool about it. Some people never cease to amaze me! :)
awww I MISS YOU :'( I guess we have to stay here and die of being board in class -____-
You have made that very clear! You got 2 weeks with her!
TODAY is the day you can win a ClearChart 2 Digital Acuity System! Stop by #VisionExpo booth MS 6713, see our great products and register.
Right now is the most nervous/excited I will be about a sporting event this entire year
my daily trip into downtown Ruidoso NM for some cyber-mechanics...the quiet is deafening......the deer are staring at me with big brown eyes
RT : Pray that our dear Lord strengthen the prayer warriors who stand in the gap for others' problems
I'm done, peace-peace, oh and...
Getting ready in the morning to "living in the moment" is perfect in every way.
last day? Where ya headed?
thank you. Chill and relax are scheduled for June lol
dealing with how important PATCO's strike was in labor's decline. What about structural issues?
wishing that guy the best of luck
No NBC Sports Network aspect to it?
I've been to Washington Island a few times. A college friend's family has property there. Nice place.
Top real estate agent escapes penalty for website 'error' - New Zealand Herald
Don't ever question that my heart beats only for you.
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me
"Genius" is the word you're looking for. RT Getting an education on Slade from & Not sure what to say.
Grilling steak on charcoal for lunch is like having a nooner with your grill.
yes. Yes you can(:
havent seen yet, I like buster from arrested development in it...
You told me you wanted to read it when I was at your house last week... You even liked my status
Great meeting with this morning for our project- watch for an article soon!
If you have a stickam account then you can click on the side cams! (if there's an available spot)
has the best empanadas and coffee around!
Really liked the oreo. Delicious!
OMG tell me about it haha. Im good thanks we need to hang out i see you like once a year literally :)
Wondering; will #Obama be finding a way to squeeze Biden out to run Hillary in the VP spot? There's talk he's plotting it.
Best of luck to the finalists tonight
I so would if I had the money
I meant PDF Annotator for taking notes
if they're Sopranos fans, Halsey St near the Hahnes bldg. They filmed episode there. (& they can get cupcakes at Art Kitchen)
damn. i love the hammer.
Trying to keep up with garlIc mustard pulling, stopping the invasion!
just applied! very excited! perhaps i will be on the #brewcrew . is there a confirmation? i dont seem to be getting one
I can't believe I only got two hours of sleep before working dispatch...blah
Thanks for the follow Jessica! Sending you a big hug and looking forwarding to sharing tweets across SoCAL : )
me too!
#meet1Dwithroz Please I have never seen or met the boys in my life.Paying all that money for a concert is to much,& I'm just hoping I win.x
Everybody please RT: This SATURDAY is the big food drive! Let's all help out !!!
In the basement again another tornado
When I'm done she hold me like a conversation ~ Weezy baby
what a lazy #sunday :l
We're delighted to announce as a sponsor of #THATCamp Games!
No seriously, why is it impossible to find an actual, physical calendar in a store?!
Hey what's up with the G+ integration? Big announcement made in Nov 2011 but still nothing 7 months later
you might as well guess a Tardis
alright alright alright
The Wrecking Crew by Kent Hartman, about the crack team of musicians behind many of the great records of the 60s. Read it!
Will we ever see a season without inter-league play?
Well not here. But m! RT : I'm surprised no one has opened a ramen sports bar. I would be a patron.
Good Luck Charlie (:
Not snowing in NV by the lake yet but I can smell it....
Meet 's character IRL tonight! MT Tonight - Union South! , author of ''. 7.30pm!
Ravens sign QB Curtis Painter - ESPN
is covering for staff who are at #naeh12 conference to learn more about ending family homelessness.
I LOVE YOU GUYS!!!
"Darkness imprisoning me. All that I see; Absolute Horror. I cannot live; I cannot die." From the song, "1" by Metallica
Ran into Danny Ainge at Haircuts Limited..The man's a big tipper, 15 bucks!
I'm not sure how to impress you so I hope being myself is good enough.
Let's resay that..fast forward to when gets his diploma!
Susan Parker: Our libraries' success depends on how well we work with our faculty and student researchers. Amen!
23 secret service or military personnel implicated in hooker scandal. Even though it was legal in Columbia, make better decisions!
Do you like me? Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no.
Wegman yields a Mickey Tettleton single, but nothing else in the bottom of the 2nd. Brewers lead 1-0.
I wish i could be there. Im still working the night hours right now :P
All You Do Is Lie So What Am I To Believe. -GoodnIghtt
just did!(:
When Selma's done eating food, she always talks about how she misses it.
At Olde Orchard Restaurant with mom!(: Hope it's good.
Ah.. Dont you just LOVE the feeling when you have to pee for so long & then you finally get to :-D
Please Follow Me If You Can Ari, I'll Keep Supporting You Even If You Don't Follow (: xx Love You :*
OH MY GOD. THIS IS STARTING TO HAPPEN LIKE THE BOOKS SAID
Mila, this is Yegor Kuznetsov - I'm back in the CRM space!
So glad you had a great time!! Thanks for the support!
I think I'm going to enter a martial arts tournament this year...probably get my ass handed to me but who knows
It doesn't get much better than days like today on the beach.
Wow . Okay "in too white"
Hey guys! Guess what? I just startED my couch to 5k training. Past tense. W00t
I hate UVerse -.-
Did you know? You can pay your State of Illinois taxes with a credit or debit card? Visit www.payILtax.com.
Peyton to the Broncos. Crap.
I think the lord is telling me something
Spot on.
Even good opinions are worth very little unless we hold them in the broad, intelligent, and spacious way.
I got your postcard in the mail today Thank you! See you in Baltimore in July. BTW, RU planning any campaign events in DC?
whats good did yall win today?
So there's a flower district?? I must go there!
Did we mention how great of a success the launch of 'Free Your Mind' was?! Stay Tuned...there's more to come.
4th quarter Eli doin what he does
the soundtrack to that movie is awesome!!!
haha! so so true.
u and Michael, A-TEAM all the way!! xo
You're going to have a great time!! : signed up for orientation can't believe I'm finally ready for college
I am a #fontsnob too
I know I'm a media dork but I gotta say that the new graphic package on looks pretty tight.
RT : The infamous on stage talking about CoffeeScript.
Ready for some fun? Miracle Theater Group to Offer Free Dazon Class. Free eight week session starts Feb. 14. RSVP
Just finished Semper Audacia by - great story!
Cry me a river, please. I'm sure they'll live through the hits
how adorable girl :-)
thanks homie. Baseball soon!
Jay Sean - 2012
We pour all of our energy and time into other people and into accumulating things in hopes that happiness (sustainable) will flow from them
Scrivener is possibly the best thing ever for writing.
we are reminded of the importance that we each have our own health home. Do you know yours?
Thanks for the RT Miller
I want a McDonald's shamrock shake right now
chillin in the studio with my nigga finna get it in
Reading 52 part4. (Animal man's kid about Starfire) She's like ET ...but with Double D's
Thank you for following, we appreciate it.
Blueprint Raises $15.9 Million in Growth Capital - SYS-CON Media (press release)
was rubbing my eyes all day today!! :/
It's actually pretty good.
yell at my school :(
The shop will be down for a few days! Sorry for the inconvinience!
hope you had a great Monday!
Coming to The Monthly Hour hosted by at 9pm tonight? Password "I miss you, Rick Santorum" gets you $5 tix!
Markets up, I love things up! Getting serious about making money this week, lets see what's going on.
Oh you retweeted You must be a great comedian...
I would consider a really nice apartment in north beach, but those don't come along often...
San Diego. We are going out for andys bros graduation from the marines and to see some of my family in palm springs
I dont get why in tv shows/movies ppl with super strength feel the need 2 go OVER the bus? Even with super strength its faster 2go around...
and then sometimes I just wanna lie all day with him . . but im STILL mad ! lol
sounds like fun (: & awe i kno i miss last summer! You should come!!! Jakx & kika are coming :)
Definitely! Ben's events are great. I attend as many as I can.
Sunglasses? Where have you gone?
In the past I used to tout how smart was for their #UI until the new skin rolled out and all I see now are dresses as suggestions.
I don't understand the point in being "low key" wtf is the point?
I don't think there's ever a day when there isn't a trend is about One Direction, or can be related to them.
I don't just talk about having a future with someone unless I really want to include them in it.
"No, you are out of order...the whole courtroom is out of order"
You become what you resist. Whatever you resists persists in life and uses up your energy in struggle.
currently getting my Ombre hair on !!!! ... ( ; I'll put pics up latahhhh!
KINGS ARE UP 3-0 FOR THE 3RD FREAKING SERIES IN A ROW!!!!! HOLY SHIT U GUYS!!!!!!
The purpose of life is a life of purpose. RT
you can't leave it otherwise. Such delicious smelling soaps. Nearly went bankrupt in there but worth it.
the promo code should be on the link.
U r uninformed. #alQaeda founder Abdullah Azzam, #Hamas founder Ahmed Yassin, & leaders of are all fr Brotherhood.
Ever since removed the KSR from his handle he has become a little more prolific tweeter.
At the bowling alley. Holla!
yeah just temporarily. Missed you on new years eve. Our first apart in years :(
Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful Wednesday! I adore you!
Take me back, amazing what a minute can do.
Today at skool was fun!!!!!!!!!.....first a lunch,then class room,and to finish the day we won a party.
Time for me to write on a chalkboard 100 times about not making certain kinds of analogies.... mea culpa. :-(
I wanna see Ed Sheeran live
aw mad ur too cute <33333333333333333333
Happy Birthday Ray Ray!!!! How does it feel to be 15?
I swear man I hate males.
Has inspired me to look into intentionally multiracial running groups/races. If anyone knows of these in NC- share! Access to these spac ...
Looking forward to more info on coffee and reduced depression in women
Talking about greensboro makes me more upset about moving there!
seems overly permissive- I don't get to opt out of understanding lesson plans etc. Deciding base competency is harder but needed
by who
I WANT TO ADD YOU ON FACEBOOK: Add me Brittany Nicole Loveland
i cant imagine anyone buying your album.
Real niggas do real things
haha I had my twitter since 09'. It's not alot compared to other people that have like 10,000 Lol
Didn't work for Holmgren either
the stars. they burn. some even fall to the earth.
Trying to figure out Twitter
Work = done. Workout = yet to come.
mike she's mine man!
we understand :) can't wait for the new stuff!
hahahahah yes you are seeing my sugar rants then !! i am doing better going back on my healthy diet :) :) how is acting going? :)
IT'S WORK TIME BUT I DO NOT HAVE THE CASE OF THE MONDAY'S YAAAAAAAYAAYAYAYAYAYAYYAYAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYAYYAYA
you are so amazing and your voice gives me the chills! (in a good way!) I am just completely in awe of you! X)
RT : . 100 word blog posts-the "twitterfication" of blogs. the reader can read it in 1 to 2 mins
Hey , we're loving your radio ads on ! :-) Keep up the great marketing!
#secretservicepickuplines how'd you like to put a black man in the oval office?
It's fat free, right? Just say yes.
Listening to Lights On by The Pierces makes me miss because of the time we played it in front of her dad.
Nice. They just ran a Hulk Hogan Flyers promo on the big screen RT : I was just thinking it was WWE on Ice.
You twitter banging on me! Ha! I contribute to both of their beauty!
I suppose that was already taken :)
It's 8:30 & I'm sleepy
You're welcome!:) Yeah, so I'm just trying to get a guy's perspective... So there's this guy, who I use to talk to me like
at least be honest with us. This represents a massive shift in Jagex ideology and you gloss over it in the news post. Deplorable.
what Mr. Potato head???
Checked out some bands at tonight. It was pretty cool!
Many politicians and citizens argue that this reform is essential to address the problems present in the current immigration policy
After working on a Mac for so long, I feel lost working on a PC... I can't wait to get my new computer!!!!!
The rain has got to stop!!!
Just wrapped up a busy day,now it #happyhour! Yay!
swag swag swag on u :)
bout to get this Monday started w/ good pussy good shower good blunt.. & just shit MY LIFE
"Omg, band nerd are so lame!" "Bitch, I used to be one of those..."
#Reasons2GetAPorchBeatDown you're on someone else's porch
Whoa. That is the most ridiculous thing I've read today. Also, public $ spent on monitoring software? There's better uses.
It always seems like I wake up after being a DD knowing more about some people than I would like.
happy open heart day.
The quiet words of the wise are more effective Than the ranting of a king of fools. -Solomon
use TweetDeck, it has the ability to notify for just about anything.
My car says it is 96 F in Orlando! #astd #astd2011 bring your sun block!!
my last tweet.. what.
Miss you! And I will <3 !! “: I am jelalous! Have a big chi town dog and Milwaukee's best for me!! <3”
please tell me happy birthday before you deactivate it);
My prescription pain killers are getting me through this week
We are shaped and fashioned by what we love. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Who comes first? #Lakers (hands down)
Finished meal 5 'bout an hour ago, 6 oz tilapia & raw organic spinach! I'm hungry again, really hungry! Ugh!
King Tutankhamen was wrapped in 17 cloths
Happy Valentine's Day!!! We hope you have sweet day!!
we've definitely encountered this before, incredibly insightful.
Stay tuned! Be sure to "like" on Facebook.
My recent trip to driving range taught me one thing, when I drive, call "shankapotomus!"
We offer everything from Auto Body Repair to Auto Mechanical Repair and Routine Car Maintenance to Auto Glass Repair.
Reducing bills is always good, we are following!
it only means that many people around u loves u.. Because like me im also making puyat to make bati sainyo heheh.
You can't be in a relationship still single....
Can a locked-down Google Site replace your internal wiki? Internal documentation? I'm beginning to think the answer is yes!
"Fuck you, bitch, fuck you." Lol, gets my motor running.
RT : FYI, you do not have to be of African descent to be labeled "colored".
it's sad so many people need the chance to learn understand and do better w/There company's or laid off need to start one
That's 'cause they're following Gingrich's advice about putting kids to work. Good for them!
Never forget JAZZN.
Help her out, people! #summerinternship RT : Does anyone live in Chicago?
Falling asleep in your regular clothes> putting on pajamas
going thru hell to take care of my daughter and give her the best life I can?!?!
The greatest gift you can give this Christmas season is Jesus. No shopping, wrapping, or frenzy required!
HAHAHA why you hope so? LOL
It's gettin' hot in here (so what?)...so come and cool off with a mojito! Yum....
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 33
at BWI waiting 2 board the plane - can't wait 2 get home!
So I've been in three music videos
Congratulations and for your new #EmpireGirls Show on ! Weppa! Representa! So proud of both of you! :)
Global Experiences is excited to be at this year. We'll be holding down booth 430 in #Houston near
Wise words, BarlowBrewing. Wise words, indeed.
Really tired and trying desperately not to get sick.
midtown NYC. Good guess on Brooklyn. ;)
not yet I'm still shopping for a bike. Trek madone 4.5 vs cannondale carbon 6 what's a good road/race bike in the $2200 range?
Wrapping up Tango lessons and about to start S.I.N. Night at 10pm. Come join us for drinks!
Tell us, how do you use Marukan at home? The first 20 to comment are eligible to win this week's gift pack.
I meant dentist-ing
What is the name the brothers that wrote “Lift Every Voice and Sing” in 1900? For the answer visit www.americanlegacymag.com
Great job fair today from , Inc. Great value, informative, resourceful. Thanks!
RT First in flight, 30th in line at the ignorance trough.
I need more guy friends I used to have a lot
I just received your December newsletter-great recap of #upceamktg. I'm a Pittsburgh girl myself, so I loved Shelley's interview!
Yea, everything!
Sports bra, my gangster jordan shorts, & country music.
woot! RT : Woohoo! Thanks so much for this honor! We are excited to work with you!
sadly no none follow me:/
The hits keep on coming. Burning the midnight oil tonight.
Thinking of trading in my #ipad for a Cray computer...twitter and hootsuite #apps are failing me! #canyoureadthisnow?
I don't understand why you tweeted this. Do you disagree or find it funny? It's
“: NC...& loved every minute of you & going at it with the Duke v Carolina talk! Good memories;)” :-)
Vitale sent out to hurt someone after Flyers goal. Oh, what, he's just playing hockey? Oops...
ok, that part of the dream remains just a dream, despite your known love of fat bald men.
whats that iPad app website you use?
the first rule of Notional Secret Agreements is "you do not talk about ..."
Is that before or after Frakday?
This wk is National Teacher Appreciation Week. What makes the best teacher? Who was your favorite and why? RT & tell us!
Don't worry, more chances coming... in fact...
#bhlib has great links, brain teasers on Facebook
sale will end Monday morning 4/16. Of course you can have one! Which one do you like best?
Good morning folks!
I just earned the Rookie badge on #Yelp!
Whoever and whatever is meant to be in your life, WILL be in your, life....... Sooner or Later
I got one word for all the negative nancys out there.. DEUCES! cuz I'm not about all that!
Exactly! Someone can be the most gorgeous person in the world but be a complete jerk! Everyone's beautiful!(;<3
IS ANYONE CAMPING OUT IN MANCHESTER FOR BELIEVE TICKETS WHEN THEY GO ON SALE?
How many of you kids out there use #instagram Do you like it?
we'll see.
Another day of #MarchMadness...what madness will we see today?
I cant believe i lend my car to gp buy me hair spray Pft im trusting this whore!(:
Ain't that the truth.
stop right now, thank you very much...i need somebody with a human touch
"the elders of the internet...KNOW WHO I AM!?"
Happy monny's day, :)
I'll be back Thursday (;
YOU ARE MY HERO!!!! RT : Love waking up to business in Miami..aka saving my favorite realtor in the world life lol!
#49ers its their year
Can you see me Now!
for sure!!! See you there!
So, as a consumer, if you truly believe you should be able to buy a new vehicle below invoice think again
Aspirin, is there anything it can't do?
The last hour of the draft for the #Packers has been bedlam here in Green Bay
: #TEDxABQ is the place to be today! #abq I agree!
#Celtic Pops was terrific last night! Symphony sounded beautiful. #Indianapolis Children's Choir was glorious. Special!
Wow! What a fun 4-day weekend I had. Must do those more often.
Pythagoras~ Above all things reverence yourself.
So that hour?? Yeah, I want it back Universe.
You are welcome but We do believe this is very important applications and it should be used extensively & you are doing a good job
Relocating to Seattle, check out Marriott ExecuStay for short-term furnished housing in South Lake Union or Bellevue.
U are sexxy and fine!
I really hate it when an ex starts to look better than when we were together.
The epic mealtime guys look like they are already dead.
Have you heard of ? It's the best way to engage your customers & let them pay w/ their phones! You should join!
Shoutout to , his raps are good af, meow
doing -live- interviews for NBC, ABC, CBS this a.m. in tornado hit areas of Dallas Cty representing #WorldVision emergency response teams
It was my pleasure, thank you for having me! “: Had another marketing consultant Thank You for coming over tonight!”
#QuoteOfTheDay "Rosy, you remind me of Polly pocket" #DanielMusto agreed #Thanks!
Tron: Legacy... An absolute must see!!!!
Remember the day!!! Love and blessings to all who have passed and those left behind to carry on.
You'll never be able to find the right one if you don't let go of the wrong one ..
one project off for review, time for a fun one tonight - making mediawiki fit our authentication model
you nailed it! Thanks for the response! I would update another question if our Facebook would work! Thanks for the support!
oh so what's up(:
always leery of YouTube comments, but we'll check them out.
summer : D
Special #SHOUTOUTs to all my new followers, you rock.
in taiji japan. that was the end of the last post just posted.
sounds awesome :)
YES!!!!! Grey's Anatomy new season starts next Thursday with 2 hour premiere. Happy dance <-----------
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." -William James
get rid of twitter too :) its for the best
I wouldn't usually put the two together lol! But it does now!
What matters is the speed in which you do each exercise
Woke up Hi so I had to smoke another, takin rips off the bong so big you'd think I was 6 ft under.
its about time Mr.Stern had you on !
I Want Some! RT : Getting these devil eggs together for dinner toma
dude! Nick just played me some of your music. It's really great man!
didn't feel like the South. Now it do
My Monday morning dose of envy goes to: RT heading to to sample some new schnecken flavors.
Today, I'm going to do all the things I love doing. Starting off with cleaning this apartment.
2011 was a year full of trials and tribulations. Let us pray 2012 will be a year full of blessings and love.
you can be my boo thaaang. ( ;
Where at on my #TL lol
ah...that's much better.
Ouhh, all day long sitting with my laptop. work, work, work ;)
If I get 200 followers I may tell everyone who my first concert was.
Christine Varney keynote at #SOTN -- IT policy: finding the answer for most of the people, most of the time.
Lost my first 8 lbs and I am becoming a health nut again! I love it!! Whooohooo
bought my Powerball ticket today. jackpot up to $200M. I can work with that.
MrM1ll3r: Someone take the controller off Newcastle, 3-0 first half whitewash
Tasted good though! His mom made tea sandwiches, best man & maid of honor rolled stuffed grape leaves. I warned guests just appetizers &cake
I consider oomf to be in college now.
Not hijacking if they've failed for 6 years to get anything done. They're leaving w/ no arena anyways, why not come to Seattle?!
This song goes out to my roommate..."LEAVE b*tch! Get out the room, get out the room, I said get out the room!" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Good night everyone! I won't be on a lot tomorrow :(
heh, i understand. thanks for the info
If I had the money, I definitely would.
We killed our performance last night..thanks to all that showed us love! Music4life!
Shooting a video at Hamstead Hill Academy tonight at 6pm for Come get ur Zumba on!
Oh yeah I forgot to say... I GOT MY TICKETS. I can't wait to plan our wedding! :)
Thanks to and for saving me time of picking ideal interview transcription software for Mac. F5! Not ExpressScribe.
According to our research today, we don't appear to have been the 1st regional to top $100
Im so sleepy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> I miss my bed
I'm lazy !
Melted. My heart is now a liquid! #heschangingstatesofmatter & I'm in the science lab too much.
oh ok well we gone wait til yall get there to drink lol
So excited to finally be starting my master's program--Digital Journalism--through National University. Here we go!!
This Sucks ...
Congrats on the 2011 Virginia Sportswriter of the Year award.
Ball of Wax.
So our set tonight at @ at the stage got moved to 10:30pm . We will now be playing at 10:30 pm tonight .
So I think the girl I've been looking for stay in Va lol
all tied at 89 with 3 minutes left in the game
good morning
The road to wisdom is never ending. Stop off at playgrounds and dancefloors!
Fun! I love eating artichoke leaves! Lemon butter sounds good! My MIL makes a pimento vinegrette 4 them which is yummy!
Looked delish! Ur a great chef!!
Send it up!
ewh. i dont want to go to school tomarrow
Time to taste some wine! Errazuriz is a particular favorite for many.
SOUP! Tomato Bisque, Chicken Dumpling, Broc Cheddar, Squash w/ Roasted Red Pepper, French Onion AND! Reuben Soup w/ pumpernickel croutons!
lol I try
Oh no report cards are 2morrow:-( I think I did okay but I'm not 2 sure 4 social studies and/or reading. I'm so screwed :(
Creepy or Brilliant? Albert Einstein's #eyes were removed by his #ophthalmologist during the autopsy & later auctioned.
NOW: talks with about MeetUp
i am like so cracked out on this coffee that i didn't even realize my IPOD was playing hardstyle. umm wtf lmao!!!!!!!!!!
good luck
yeah he can but just not any time soon though. If he ever comes to 4thandb believe me you'll be the first one to know!!!
I've heard the banana pudding is amazing! I still haven't tried it!
RT : "If you have a mom, there is nowhere you are likely to go where a prayer has not already been." Robert Brault
Thanks, Phillip! How have you been?
tee shirt time
"God didn’t create us to conform to other’s standards, but to stand out through our own God-given uniqueness"-Prov 31 devotion today
Everyone loves Brock Lesnar except Mr Main Event, I hope beats the smack out of him
Feel free to follow social media guru Rich Kruse at
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible. Arthur C. Clarke
Lazy day? I think yes
Two more hours and one presentation to go until this semester of school is over thank god...
Missing all my Cali Peeps!!!
Happy Mothers Day! I love you mommy! FOREVER & ALWAYS! <3
Just don't have time twitter
I can't stop watching ur KEEKS they r so funny and u make me smile and laugh love u
thank you! :*
I don't understand how #FB is alive. I'm in a #hangoutonair and it's amazing!
Country playlist to get me through my last full day of #lawschool work. It's obvious where my head's at.
Coffee didn't brew. Wait for coffee = late for class.
March 29 I believe. If you sign up now, it's $85/month I think.
asking about an announcement before it's announced? That's a paddlin'.
Work is pissin me off. Gotta get to gym!!!
Awesome!! Pretty good tonight!!
Thursdays = Ladies Night at Grazie! Stop by and see us from 9-11PM and all the ladies drink for free!!
The horse of course. I don't anticipate you winning a race anytime soon.
I eventually loose everyone, its just a matter of time is all
I'm sorry to hear you are having issues with your account. Please follow and DM us the domain in question. ^CB
going to the tunderwolves game tom?
Friday I skipped most of school To hang out with crayvon and yesterday I had a doc appt. I'll be there tomorrow! I gotta catch up
Bout to fall asleep
Up 20 at the half. I'll take that. #BBN stand up!
I eat everything dang fatty
Funny funny LOL
Kristi Ehrig Burgess on analog video digitization project @ the Mingei - a jem of a museum in Balboa Park.
sure :D
received my ipad2 this morning and just finding time to sync with iTunes
why do people hate you? i love you.<3
she is eating
being a YouTube star isn't that easy!
Open air markett <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Follow me then send a PM with your email and I'll send Google+ invites
oh okay I was like damn u have sex every damn day :P
professionals from the service industry are invited to join us (if possible) !
Jeff McDonald: If Chong could hear DEA agents outside, why couldn't they hear him? DEA hasn't answered yet.
will you be there tomorrow? Coming in with Mrs. for her birthday. Very excited.
mhm, they some nasty mother fuckersss . #ew well justin is..
great choice :D its such a great song... weird music video but you know:PP
Idea for a sticker: a Viking beating a big kettle drum at bow of a Longship. There is a border scroll that says "Longship Operator". -Jim
week, I mean days w/e not the coolest thing I've done in my spare time, but who cares, next tweet will be better
there are great teachers in charters...there are great TFA teachers. We need to fix the system in real ways...no magic bullets.
Ive done that. I was tossing and turning ALL NIGHT!!
Is Chip Kelly really going to the Bucs? #Pac12 is now up for grabs!
It's Basketball Time in Tennessee! Go Big Orange! Beat Pitt! (on ESPN at 5:15 pm ET)
The verdict is in, and Harlem rapper G. Dep will spend at least 15 years in prison. Tuesday (May 8) the 37-year-old got
lol alright I will still money from a hobo and take the plane flight tomorrow night!
thanks for the shout! Much appreciated ;)
Well, I'm a rebel!
I was about to say that Tiny Tchani's performance from the last few games was a complete turnaround, but no.
i cant wait til prom prom prom prom prom prom prom prom prom prom prom
hey there. :)
You're so welcome! I can't wait to read your bestseller :)
is on the radio right now ...
Night night guys<3
During dismal economic times, it can be difficult to choose which nonprofit ... - Wilkes Barre Times-Leader
laughing and shaking my head on this side 'o the pond...
pray for my man , that's all I ask.
I am staring right at it. :-)
trying to get in touch with Lauren about partnering for a year. I'm with Revel IN- PDX/NYC- digital in sept. wanna talk?
Off to Hot Roxx! Come party with us!
Hey guys! Happy Saturday!
At market square!
Outward Bound Denver's Facebook Page is the way to stay connected!!
Always amazing how many insane people there are out there. Yikes!
Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.3254
My love is coming to see me:)
Well, guess all of people's preconceived notions are incorrect. I'm not socially useless..It's a good feeling.
good morning mi amor!
Torn. Watching perfect game from row 2 would have been memorable, but who wants to watch their home team get owned? Happy it was last night.
Tomorrow! Come out to the Sixth St Community Center @ 638 E.6th St @ 7pm to see the film NYU students made about Advocacy Day! Be there!
Saw some #Raider players at Morton"s Steakhouse at dinner last night. Those boys can eat...but can they play ball?? #boltup!
Just ate the biggest burger of my life... Feel like a beached whale.
exactly!! Good luck coming back against a full day of NFL games.
And that's how the cookie crumbles.
Disappointed to see Chris Brown on #DWTS. Especially when he's described as "phenomenal". Plan on inviting Mel Gibson next?
Man, that's what EVERYONE responded with! ("that's what she said") Hahahahahha
Last night was definitely one of those "I'm never drinking again" nights
Question: what is the picnic knoll??
Did you receive the message from Bishop Gene Robinson? We already know how the story ends, we WILL have full equality in all 50 states!
Can't blame him for ripping Drayton. He was a terrible owner the last 5 years.
production quality of Workahol is excellent
Terrible news about Derrick Rose, one player can change everything
Oh, how sweet <U+263A>
Driving the back way home from city at 5 am is creepy. So dark and full of trees.
David Ferriero, Archivist of the United States kicks things off, welcoming us to the National Archives.
“Reading brings us unknown friends.” — Honoré de Balzac
RT : Yankees Yankees Yankees ... We r still # 1 ... Things happen. BX Stand up .. Let's go
We are managed by the best ! Follow him!
Mason pronounces "ouch" as "ass." This morning, I made him say, "Momma has a big ouch." Hilarity followed.
is getting his portfolio ready for job interviews.
If you follow me to learn about #WarholTC finds, don't forget to follow for more #Warhol goodness!
This dude has anger issues.
We're in!
Ah, so I see you are back, Mr. Hinchliffe.
Aw man, we were so close! We only needed 4 more to reach 200! Next goal... 500!!
Thanks! Good questions needing more rigorous answers. What are your thoughts?
After being denied my nerd-dom for several days, tomorrow is a #Diablo3 marathon for me. FINALLY. HOYVEN!
Performed with Jazz vipers last night @ spotted cat. Great crowd for Memorial Day eve. A real New Orleans joint.
Dear girl behind home plate, there's a net there.
idk what a snail would want with a broche.
I have to let go of you. It would've been great having you as part of my future, but now you are just a sad part of my past
Holy busy end of the week batman!! Cappin' it all off with my Unc's wedding on Saturday.
ATTENTION TO MY TWEETERVERSE!! If you are following me at digitalmaven, you should also add , , and , THANKS
So... waiting two hours for traffic to clear up (while doing homework), really didn't improve things one bit.
We are all about cultivating skill sharing in Pittsburgh! We should get together for some cross-state collaboration.
Lakers just ain't the same without Phil Jackson.
Saving the world/is how you are
Oh here's a trick. Everyone stop spamming the boyz -__- , only tweet them ONCE or TWICE & then maybe you'll get noticed.
Something #Laredo does is sell Avon!
"The Help" would have won more awards if Emma Stone's wig wasn't so bad.
I ended up in 2nd in the MGM Grand Challenge event # 7 today. Hate that spot, but didn't deserve better. I played bad heads up :(
so they knew it was missing and didn't correct it? What service!
Going to cover Sacred Craft at the Del Mar Fairgrounds. Love assignments like these.
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.
I definitely shouldn't be awake right now
I'm on the road to be what I'm destined to be and me... I'm destined for greatness
Do not promise to spend time with me and then abandon me. A word to the wise.
at least he is not a red!
Am I the only one that likes that All State- Mayheim dude?? He kills me lmbo
Everyone feels good about crushing McDonalds. But if you make Twitter so unfriendly to advertisers, who'll pay Twitter's bills?
I see you will be wearing #22. Good number. I like it.
": no their music is sexual!!!! Very freaky culture!!!!! Lol!!!"<~thatll keep u happy too! :-)
John Carlos is at the station now reminiscing about his visits to Trinidad with Caribbeana's Bryan Bernard!
didn't mean creeps or players...... just the whole generation of guys in genrnal. #yafeelme? hahaa
Sorry, I couldn't DM you about the drawing because you're not following me.
If you don't follow start doing so. Breaks #NFL news before the biggies.
Hi Rachel, I'm the editor for #HighGlitzLounge blog. I would like to interview about your reign and platform.
night buttercup
Watched the Hunger Games today. I enjoyed it, which I consider amazing since Twilight forced me to swear off movie adaptations of YA books.
Just swallowed an ice cube
Well he is "famous".
excellent point re: pull and push relevant information.
I like your jacket bro! Haha
Yikes That's a big no-no #jobsearch101 RT Just received a resume addressed, "Dear Mr. Marshall."
Here in Boston we had 10 days of Sunshine for the whole month of June the rest was rain. I hope July bring better weather. WTF!!!
Typing the last paper i will typer before i leave ND
Casual observation at CalArts tells me bright white socks are popular now
Had a fun day with
GOIN DOWN IN A MAJOR WAY TONIGHT AT KLUSOZ!!! IT'S GONNA BE POPPIN TONIGHT!! BELEE-DAT!!!
Death of the Mailman
Pickin' dem lotto numbers! Betta believe I got time for dat!
aww thanks! You're sweet
RT - a great classic! “: If you liked The Artist, & Mr Bean...you should see Mr. Hulot's Holiday...you don't need to know French”
In some point of my life i did felt those lyrics of that song.
Nicky's ass is stiff as hell. I need that wobble
can you please follow me on here or on instagram you are my idol and it would mean the world <3
You totally should do something with your life. RT I'm gonna become a costume designer. Everybody digs them in Hollywood.
GREAT lunch with mom for mothers day...check. #Pop-N-LockBeatMix for San Antonio and the U.S.....check. Visit with my grandma...check!
and what are you doing right now?! I dont understand alg 2. Sue me
:) you know it
Merry Christmas to all! Have an incredible day. Happy 30th birthday to Karri!!!!! :)
hope you're working on some snappy Sinbad-esque material for Wednesday.
Split the $.
“: WELCOME TO AMERICA, WHERE OTHER COUNTRIES INJUSTICES ARE MORE IMPORTANT THAN OUR OWN!!!”
Work hard, play hard
Wow...#ravens didn't pick up Kyle Boller as 3rd string QB. I'm SHOCKED.
Oh! fantastic! I was going to do some searching when I had a minute to see if there were articles about it. Thanks!!
i watched too many of your videos :o help
Hey, all, welcome a friend to the tweet world: RT : OK, I give in. I hereby welcome myself to the wide work of tweeting.
much appreciated my man!
he has the highest 3pt % on record RT not watching but steve kerr took last shots before, coons.
what's up with people clipping their nails at the office? since when did that become acceptable behavior?
It was more detailed and condescending than *that* conversation
Players were firing on all cylinders for our first paying audience of the run!!! Reaction was universally positive...feels great!!!
Girl in boat/ bated breath / angling
I love that the ASU graduates are walkin out to congrats again !!
Need some inspiration on this cloudy day...meh.
Yeah lol I thought it was gonna be something better
Pancake of the week: home fries, scrambled eggs and jalapeno (yes, IN the pancake). Grade: A.
I saw you walking like two days ago I was going to say hi but you seemed deep in convo.
heeyyyy its berenice did u make another twitter =D
its al good drosage.
him and Mr. Miere, right there :D
Congrats on your #Pulitzer win! You're a gem. Still laughing over "I Hate Your Dog" essay you wrote for in 08
lmao my dad was rolling when he seen her on the floor!!
“ The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money.”
sister sprayed windex in my eye... think i've gone blind lmfaoo
You have an ex boyfriend..? WHAT
I like the way you think
Thanks girlie! RT Ah I found my album! Remember the day I got this :') Played it over and over for hours!! :)
S/O to all my new followers
Ever see a performance raise the bar for everything you've seen from the same musician? I was happy w/5 pieces of candy until you gave me 10
#OccupyLA - in solidarity with #occupywallstreet. Their goals are our goals, their message, our message. DEMOCRACY NOT CORPORATOCRACY.
Stop IT and show us!!!!
May the angels protect you, trouble neglect you and heaven accept you when it's time to go home.
To the musician singing outside my house for the marathon. Please stop butchering good music.
I'm sure you're all spending the holidays the same as me, right? Editing your film about peeping-tom ladies & their sexy bohemian neighbors?
I went to college across the street.
It went so well. Wasn't a big audi, but I can always use the "practice" and the confidence boost :)
Have I mentioned that I'm in love with Robert Downey Jr. right now?
I am already late, my frantic driving isn't going to help! Lol
Having IPA at Fork, Lincoln Square. Excited for my Chicken n' Waffles.
We need to stop and take a breath before we attempt to define the Arab Spring as a "social media" revolution.
You gonna buy the shoes lol?
back and triceps today, followed by 25 min of intense cardio. Felt good to sweat. felt even better to get home and drink my protein shake!
You're still beautiful! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> you and your pup!
Exciting and busy day! We helped serve around 142 #homeless community members.
omg tlked2me yesterday on fb and told me2tweet him and he will tweet me back! yay!!!jus waiting...bt ik he will come thru=)
Well im of to bed, hopefully I dream about something good
is a lyrical genius. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5> RT : I've never heard silence quite this loud
Big Brother is watching.
saw your blog post I have a brand new Jägermeister t-shirt for you. adult small, you could take scissors to it. Rawr!
aww K! Falling all over the place! Hope you're having a blast! Miss you
What I love about people tweeting from conferences: y'all go (and report so well) so I don't have to. Many thanks!
You should be getting it any day now! Keep us posted on when you do. <U+200F>RT: ~ hoping to get mine soon! :)
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! Were giving away Brad Paisley tickets on New Years Eve at Mavericks in Mundelein!
"I really wish there were more NFL pregame shows out there," said no one.
Too many shallow mf's in the world talking like they don't judge others...smdh!
At the hunger games .. Hell yeaaahhh!
why not
Check out she books sick shows in Philly and she has some sick shirts and she's really nice!
#icanttakeyouseriously if u #fucked one of my friends
RT : What?! Religious people wants to boycott Lady Gaga?!
much love to my 250th follower, No drama here, just fun filled #ABQgirlproblems where everyone can just be themselves!!
needs a AC!
ESPN going to exert influence on whether game gets called early or not?
I suggest somewhere near a beach like the Carolinas or Florida
We are getting closer to those first 50 followers & the first winner of some free ice cream. Retweet & get us some love & U may get some 2.
Dems may pick up seats im NV and Mass to help counter losses. Odds are good for GOP though.
shid they been callin me that lol then that nigga started rappin so I was back to being same ol just "Sean" lol
Will be playing through all the workouts tonight at #PrideConditioning to honor the passing of Adam.
Sponsoring a table for Casino Night on Jan. 23rd. Promises to be a fun time and a good cause for a great group of kids.
did you see Noah at the wilderness? I'm kind of wanting a spring break too.
Your Art Dept. can also help photographers and artists with large, vibrant reproduction prints...yourartdepartment.com
#NBAPLAYOFFS Hang in there Bulls!!!
your pic is KAYUUTE ;) love it!
made it official. He is not longer a Colt.
I wasn't talkin bout u fool
I know. Beer free week.
You make me asdfghjkl;
to play indoor soccer or not to play indoor soccer.. that is the question. i'm thinking i should probably play !
Editing, editing, reading, writing, editing. I'm going a bit cross-eyed staring at the computer today.
Cute young men you got there. Thanks for coming to see us! Have fun at the park.
NWST: #EWU Head Coach Beau Baldwin on what new WSU Def. Coordinator Mike Breske brings to the Palouse / on #NFL Playoffs 930
Sounds like a good day to us! Thanks for being a fan of The Lube!
Grow the fuck up
Packing and getting ready for my big overseas trip! So excited : )
How many walkoffs had the Marlins had here at Marlins Park?
oh yeah. spoon art was big. trust me. :)
Hi PGF, What would you place the odds at that full blown sports betting will be in AC casinos by 2014?
it ain't over yet
T4: I obviously use social media and I would rather have a personal convo with my doc rather than an email exchange or patient portal
you might not want tht badminton shirt you gave ashley back..
And how! Happy Monday!
He's abq's hedgehog. RT I just saw Don Scrader for the first time this year. Spring has officially begun.
BTW, I am the guy who made the movie "Media Malpractice... How Obama Got Elected."
not gis - hey Dane - what tool dd you use to make this preso?
Congrats to the Miami Dade College Softball Team for winning the Atlantic & State Championships! Way to go ladies!
ima just cool it tonight. The weather is all shitty anyways.
you should
Main dat damn slushy fanta pop was on point
Its crazy what we have been through.
Why'd you get off Tiny Chat ?
IM ALWAYS ON THE TOP TONIGHT IM ON THE BOTTOM, CAUSE WE TRADING PLACES ! *AND THRUST*
Back in Chicago catching up with emails, sleep, & mundane affairs; and then dealing with withdrawal.
Its that time again #WalkingDead on
am doing good and u? What's new?
This nigga the tupac of this video shit fool shot over 53 videos. And thats not counting before we started #NoPlanB damn
"thoughts pass like currents of electricity....It’s just as easy for us to think around the globe, as it is to think across the room."
It's Fryday! (see what we did there?) open for the double, 11am-4pm for lunch & 11pm-3am for late night. Come n' get it!
you need help !o.o
I'm a bit jealous...
Well.. go get a bike and then ride it to a corner and be homeless for a sec then go to taco bell! :D. that's what I recommend lol
Good Morning. Things are looking up..."almost" friends with DB (Droid Bionic) now.
Just tried the most amazing chair at Relax the Back in Pittsburgh! Better than a hot tub! Stop by if you have back problems & try one...
Oh boy... My eyes are getting really heavy... Z 3.5 hours to go! I can do this!!
pretty sure I'm gonna buy that tank top tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
#attorneys, need a ride to #LosAngelesCourt ? #Processserver .com invites you to utilize our courtesy Limo to court. Call (855)PROCESS...
kinda got a graduation to go to.
Good morning. I hope you all slept well.
is that your baby girl?! Congrats!
Proud #SAGmember at #unionmember Happy Labor Day!
This show is such a joke
Stupid fire alarms and severe fear of another apartment of mine burning down:(
Because November is definitely last minute.
on the side, i have a couple of ideas i want to work on.
Today's lame ProTools observation: Turns out I prefer Massey's L2007 to Maxim as a 2-bus limiter.
Tha'ts still not working. Just takes me to the Post page to shorten URLs... what's the name of the doc? I'll google it.
Pretty soon looks like about 2 months.
Serious , but fun : )
thank you! It's a great day!
(1/2) The Front Royal Moose Lodge might be looking for some new waitresses and cooks so if you know anybody thats interested tell them t ...
m share? lol
At the FYW symposium. We have it at the end of every year, and even though I didn't teach FYW over last year, I'm presenting.
me? Now there's a band that never gives up.
Proust has pointed out that the predisposition to love creates its own objects; is this not also true of fear
No doubt to be greeted with: "Oh, I feel fine now, Mommy!"
we appreciate you giving us a try! Hope to serve you soon
your welcome :) <3
Ducks just won.
how much leverage will the first airline to embrace Alex Baldwin gain in the US? #gotbaldwinblood I need 5 minutes
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US. #MahomiesAreFamily #BigFamily <3. 10
this book is so good omg
and you know there are hundreds of programs that need to update.
“: We all have that one friend who always gets caught jerking off.”
Funny and interesting people on a high end scene.
I figured it was right around there. Holy shit.
brad Pitt!
Paranoid now and then The Ramones w/ I wanna be Sedated as a sing-a-long. Let's make it count folks.
can't believe your heading east. Will miss you but it's a great excuse to visit Georgia!
what a texting ass day
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!~~~
Do Wisconsin Strip Clubs have any requirements when selecting strippers ?????
Perfect-yes plz
I think Julian Assange is dining at the same sushi resto as I am at The Encore.
I feel your pain, but I mix half homemade kibble and half store bought for my pups. they eat better than I do half the time.
is about to present on citation networks in Old Norse studies as part of the wind-up of the NEH #humnets workshop.
I totally agree with the first part of that.......
Just watched a video that you will have to see to believe. We'll link it up shortly. You could be: 1) bemused 2) amazed 3) disgusted 4) all
Thanks for the Retweet! I hope you have a wonderful day!
NonProfit companies had record profits in 2011... Huh?
Girls that ride skateboards are hot!!!!!!!!
work in the day time and party in the night
When you headed back to San Fran/Oakland area???:)
It was really really great.
it's okay, i can't either. :(
Man 1: You see that woman there? Man 2: Yes, yes. She is very good looking. Man 1: Yes. I would like to be the Indiana Jones of her body.
RT learnt a good trick via Sit in your own discomfort; It denies the habit power #PoCchat >Growth spot :)
You have to admire a POTUS who is willing to make the hard decisions, even if it hurts him from a political perspective...
high occupancy vehicle , Or JayZ's nickname-- it's short for Jehovah, like Jehovah Witness ;)
that's not my job dude, it's my job to get you to play it on the radio! ;)
Tempers are heating up early in Milwaukee.
FYI link is broken.
I am so happy
lol thanks babe ;) I'll fuckin beat a bitch
Like true gentlemen, you kept your word, but we still would've loved you guys anyway. Happy Friday!
Home alone with Jonah, Liam, and Hunter. We had a rubber band fight, ate deer jerky, and made coconut flan. Something doesn't fit...
if you like crazy assholes spouting bullshit about 911 conspiracy through megaphones go to brady and we are well
intro to world wide web lol
I'm also fairly offended that he speaks of college as the place where he spent 4 years stoned, and then schools me about language.
That tip is greatly appreciated. Thank you!
You can never understand someones PAIN until you're the one who feels it...
call me
... (elevated systolic and diastolic blood pressure) and respiratory changes, somatic sensory experiences, and an altered consciousness.
;-) My bf's actually a sports broadcaster. He's more of a baseball nerd.
In order to bring new things into your life, you must first let other things go.
One of the few shows I watch via hulu and bed. ;)
Maybe this is clearer, "What is the conversion page URL for signup?"
THe South Side Sock Seller just paid our humble train car a visit. Tomorrow is laundry day, was almost tempted
lmao... It's like that... That's crazy!!! I thought we was fam!!!
ALOT of your problems would disappear, if you started talking TO each other instead of ABOUT each other.
Last 2 weeks were pretty slow...
Real men don't beat women, only losers like CB do.
lets do this thing
Come to for the shuttle on saturday boys. Its gonna be a blast here.
it's probably some kind of dermatitis related to allergies caused by all the wind. Maybe Calendula lotion? Good luck!
I just want christmas break to come since thanksgiving break is practically o v e r </3 :(
Going down on the river to catch a whisker belly!!!
Allison, I want to DM you. Follow & then you can unfollow - I don't mind at all. Now get back to kicking butt & taking names.
why try to place boundaries around your creativity, dont limit a limitless blessing
Fair Use 4 part test: purpose of use; nature of work; amount used; effect on value of copyright work
Wacky 2012 so far. My camellia is in full bloom and Robins are flitting about the yard.
Chris Rock looks beautiful - love the hair!
Please visit Facebook pages Abused in #Pennsylvania and Abused in #Chicago and "Like" them -
great idea!
no problem! :) and same for you! :-)
Vanguard, thanks for the wrong info that cost me an additional $5k in taxes, and not providing any solutions.
I wish we could that would be interesting. We could try to get enough to go out and scrimmage the team now.
GO GET YOUR LIFE
Miss Twist Ice Cream does events of all kinds ! Including Weddings !
I've seen the Hunger Games trailer a bunch of times but Rue's whistle gives me chills every time.
S/O to the $5,400 check i got at work today!
"THIS ONE TIME AT BAND CAMP....."
#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand U make my heart race, u make my feet sweat .. u make my heart go boom boom boom.. :D
www.mwishartinvestigations.com I love Regis and Kelly. Some of my investigations is sad and Regis and Kelly makes me laugh.
HELL YEAH I'd Whoop Her Ass But It Would Have To be A Good Reason.
This match is incredible
probably a couple within the first 7 events
tell me about it! You need to use wig bobbypins. They are the long, thick ones at the drug store. Xoxo
playing it next!
wow. I'll be here. Lol
"You merge your observations with his observations and my observations, and it'll be like a design research Voltron."
When u work wit Rosay it's like Dre working with Pac. Tupacs back! DJ Khaled is on the throne of the HipHop Kingdom!
Aww I would have I'm just getting your tweet puta!!! Call me suga!!
Asked to develop "expected ettiqutte, guidelines, groundrules or policies" for student use of Blogs@ Baruch beyond ToS -- any examples?
I don't have a ride
People talk about "Stop Bullying", but as soon as somebody states an opinion, everybody isn't so.. "Stop bullying".. Some people you are.
I think I'm bad at relationships, because I get tired of one person,fast. Unless your an exciting person who is funny, your my type. :)
I bet she knows just how to please me
Why is it necessary to give equal time to liars?
For sure-it's also my birthday weekend! #partylikeits196? : tailgating with us for badgers v. Purdue?
: i swear i remember ur last name being spelled as calpijo. lol
Am taking internal only advanced training at Palo Alto. We are analyzing hotel data - very interesting!
Life is too short to take yourself too seriously! It's so time for a break from my computer right now.
yep making money never made me unhappier! Woohoo!
Hippie status
Shit just keeps going downhill for me... Fell Better Pa<333333
Wait. Who's the bad friend?
Haha, he designed it especially for their con, so he had some freebies ;-) Needless to say, I peed a little when I got it.
did alia lose me?
lovely. so glad they listened
Watching Insomnia with Robin Williams is so good at being creepy.
I'd like you to meet my boyfriend, my boyfriend who lives in Baltimore!
Just finished w/ dinner. The boys are getting a bath and I'm headed to bed shortly after. I feel so....old. What happened to us, ?
which class cuz Ash made her water Pee in front of mr Kaiser then she said Andrew's pen was naked so...
i hear ya. You guys do a great job. Keep it up. Your planning to be at JAB right?
I saw yours! I LOVE it :)
I really hope has some good news for me today :) fingers crossed
A productive day- did radio, worked out, got my hair "did," got some more resumes sent out, and have a show to play tonight. Life is good.
Thanks for inclusion in the Kasey Khronicle!
Yes we will! Veggie subs on hand. :)
Why someone tell me In alot of my Pics Im Naked lmao She Cray but she know she Like it
Off to sleep. Even Leatherface needs his "beauty" rest.
I know when i first saw u , u fucked like a whore!(8)
Why not both weekends lol
wisdom teeth are coming in:(
Sounds good. Looking forward to it!
I did
Food Fact of the Day: May 15, 1991 The famous Paris cooking school, L'Ecole de Cordon Bleu, opens a branch in Tokyo, Japan.
Does Trump want to eventually go to war with China for cheap plastic goods? So confused.
@ All PS3 Fanatics looking foward to more members..
great job on the #IFeelSoCloseToYou cover!! It's amazing and I have it on repeat right now(:
Im starting to wonder how the students are going to see this, and how it will effect them in the long run.
I hate losing
"I support showin Love I don't support Hatin " listening to Cassidy freestyles I fucking love him o.d <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Hey Mike, it was great speaking with you. We look forward to the goodness ahead. Best!
of coarse ! c:
The #Aztecs are losing the battle of the boards 16-21.
Oh LA traffic, how much I love you ... Not. But that doesn't break this Saturday's beauty. Clear blue sky, indeed!
Welcome to the "Lightlife" June 5, 4-8, @ Fire on Water. 518 N. Water Street. Shoutout to the owners Matt & Bryan. Cool guys. Be there!
call me
Hey I like #The6th ...
Several Hueys flying around Chester Co. (PA) airport this week.
Yes, this always acts.
hi dylan an nice name
I bet your dressing recipe has beer in it.
Two plays on Top 10 tonight! Eriksson goal & Lehtonen save! Go #peskystars!
#ellen degeneres Ellen when are you coming to Orlando?
he always knows the things
I forgot the chocolate part! TRIPLE CHUNK!
She's a really patient women. Ever find out? Next time just ask her.
And I'm up
Guthrie struggling, come on Os let's get this sweep
I am so excited to meet him!
workin hard g
Thats fine love. RT : I have dance practice so I wouldn't get to you until after 8:30pm
Again Janie blogged ravenous, greedy, voracious, and grasping
Jamie NANBF Gateway Naturals 2009 - keen shoes
Liberace~ Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.
List planning mtg for Fall 2013 marked by each editor's "signature temporizing language" (coinage courtesy of )
Does that bookmarklet thing work for tweedeck?
We having an executive meeting NOW!
Good luck :)
Tabathas next film Wanderlust starring Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd comes out in Oct! Can't wait!
Most of the speakers here at the Mays Chapel meeting live near the park, and are against the idea of building a new school there. But...
I'm dying reading your tweets
wow. message received.
#NowPlaying "And Me" by the Beastie Boys - RIP MCA
As mayor I will fix the city schools and I will do so within my first term.
Thank U! RT : #Volunteering + #Vegetables + #Seattle = Goodness > Contact volunteers needed for
staying weird. About to hit milanos vit doppelgänger. new phone and no #s--tweet or text me.
good one. am happy about a baby step today. you'll see
It's not for reals :P
who did that? Plz tell me it was a joke.
My honor!
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen. Frank Loyd Wright
Stone creek, slippers and my own couch :)
#kidlitchat I wish plot were easy for me. I know what I want the story to be. I write myself in circles with too much extra
Red sox game with some cuties! :)
being a teenager means that you're too young to do half of the things you want to do, and too old for the other half.
Thank u :)
Washington Ave is like a freak show right now.
I'm not sure yet but will let you know if I confirm anything!
Thanks for the link. We'll check that out.
Two reasonably convincing LinkedIn phishing emails in my inbox today. I will miss you, gullible former colleagues.
why aren't you texting me back
We're jamming to 90s hits in the office. Favorite song of the 90s? Go.
Running out of paper??? Shop your local collegiate bookstore and pick up some CHOOSEY CHICKS paper supples!! Great choices. BE CHOOSEY!
good girl for taking it. It will make you smarter than you already are. ;-)
TRENT IS GOING TO GET A SWIFT KICK TO THE TIT
What is
your hair looks fabulous girl.. That and well the rest of the photo! Haha
lol UK darlin... That's what happened. “: What happend with the Hilltoppers?”
This eye glass world= false advertisement !
He he. I just said the opposite as I got my coffee: "YES! Sunny!" (We UCI-folk like to rub it in.)
Rooftop filming in production now. Commercial should air by end of month and hope to get a preview video to share. More details to follow
Tomorrow's sessions is gonna be FIRE!
hey boo
thanks for the follow!
The Best team won. All is right.
anyone sitting section 4 in chicago????
Rewatching BVS aka Buffy The Vampire Slayer,"Oh how I miss the show!"
Haters will say what they want, but their hate will never stop you from chasing your dream.
A girl can be your best friend, wife, worst enemy, or worst nightmare. It all depends on how you treat her.
What about MoCity? RT : Dang, it flooded so bad in Sugarland!
A Friday booking: One Funky Chicken role to Miss Lindsay Rose on "Southland". Lindsay is on FIRE!!!
hey..wanted to thank u for the tweets while I was on hiatus!! you are a doll!
Man I am bummed about Whitney Houston passing.
Love that my Spanish class has an online component with audio and video examples.
#ifitwasuptome everything in life would be free!
Lots of great talk about PD. Have you checked out your local #edcamp?
the latest seesmic android update is fantastic. it got a ui overall, and has increased usability
M, can't wait!
We had a winner in the Super Mystery Jackpot Song Contest: Neil won $80 for singing "Tracy" by the cufflinks at Vintage.
RT : Someone needs you to lift them up this day. Go find them.
At the end of 2. GC is up 2-1. SPP is looking to battle back as the 3rd period approaches!
God , you had to make me obsessed with something else. :) is freggin' amazing. They need to come to KANSAS now!
Thanks for the retweet :D Hope you are doing well and reading comics, we are picking up new ones today.
Good night sweet prince. And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest. xx
You will be greatly missed Tom. Our thoughts and Prayers go out to your family and friends.
Tired.... Goodnight! :) Sweet dreams, everyone.
Dream of dancing like Fred Astaire or Ginger Rogers?TAP ON TAP 7pm every Tues ! $10 for begin tap class + a beer(liquid courage)
Since moving out of the parents house I have an appreciation for cleaning products. Their inventors deserve more credit in history books.
PeArlFecKt10 whoop whoop! Get it girl!
Cinco de Mayo! that calls for a m'f party (;
yes. They would like storyboarding/design as well as more advanced captivate training.
GREAT MATCH GUYS!
Thanks for the follow back (:
Everyone should be reading Part 4 of Robert Caro's Years of Lyndon Johnson right now. Or at the very least pretending to.
100% agree. and frustrated with how often this idea pops up.
I'm watching 's special on #Syria. I've already been absorbed by this story, after this, I'm clearly obsessed.
wuts good playboy..did you end up going out west or down south?
Wish ikud go bak an do it all over again.
Blazing the stage at May Day Tmrw with and S/O
It's not about video games, says panelist. It's about the principals embedded in games.
BRING IT ON MISSISSIPPI. BRING. IT. ON.
Thanks - same to you!
Kinder Aggugini Designs Costumes For The English National Ballet When people think of Ballet dancers and the costumes they wear, they ima
not sure about the whole squirrel brains thing, but glitter is awesome...
better late than never - thanks for the #ff shout out!
candles, soup, movies, and blankets.
Watching cruel intentions. Best movie to get all horny to haha.
has anyone seen Apollo 18? Is the film worth watching ?
Happy Birthday Austin!!!(: I hope you had a great day!! <3
My mom is just now replying to my message. Lol she's crazy.
Just kiding bout my grades they all and up. Just checked .
Im now a big fan of the Cali-Belgique....bomb!
Thanks, We dig your site - a great resource for teachers!
K I followed you. ; )
Our world just turned upside down
#milwaukee Working hard on this new moulding catalog. The anticipation is huge to get this done!! It's a lot of work!, hope it pays off
You can type apostrophe by swiping upwards from the comma key. Give it a shot!
didn't go anywhere, do anything fun or do chores today. But in good news, worked on a writing project, spent no $, & watched hrs of
Story unfolds with repeated reminiscences by the admiral of his life with his wife Olivia and of her "American Amaranth" AMERICAN AMARANTH
my life
I hate my worn out wallet, getting a fancy new one today!
The Film Commission hung out with #Stan Lee of Marvel at Comic-Con! Check out the pictures on Facebook.
Summary of the Oscar nominations: nostalgia is in.
Yay, expedited IRB approval for two new summer projects!
#nms30 updated and ready to go
it means you have no 3G service at the time making YouTube twitter pandora and all other great things impossible!
I love that one! Very Georgia O'Keefe.
Bruins/Caps game 7 OT, are u havin a Hat attack?!!
From Wine Spectator's blog by James Molesworth: "I figured I'd start in Sauternes, which makes my favorite wines in Bordeaux." Seriously?
Wondering when facebook stories make the front of metro how slow a news day it really is.
- If ur in SD fri nite, we'd luv 2 c u Shoot To Cure event @ Chargers Park. 6pm. DM ur RSVP if u can make it.
Ok following RT : Everyone needs to go #follow --- ;--- Gain 30 new followers from To his 100,000 Followers
Just don't die!
Funnier still to get a twitter update about that on my phone while still on graves.
I spend money like I got it swear
It's ok , a true #Mahomie would understand :) <3
As Taj, my defense would be: I was trying to fire up the Sixers offense for the good of the NBA. RT : Oh, goodbye Taj.
for how long are you staying in miami? & come to the A town! lol ATL!
go pens
You BETTER HURRY !
Bro: grandma why dont you buy yourself guns? Grandma: I got three .. Lol shes being serious
Thanks for the RTs today guys. Probably should've stopped working hours ago to clock in under 40 ;) Hope all is well!
At the guage/cap'n jazz show and its the best thing evaaar
n*ggas shot at me and missed, boo know the lord blessed em
Skydiver says HARO will always remain free. He asked me to say that.
After 3- Friendship Girls lead Chavez 28-24 in Washington Charter School League Championship Game.
Need to give a shout out to #9 #25, every once in a while I need to share the wealth
Feels silly, but knowing booze is my number one weight nemesis, factoring the cals on my cocktails is helping.
Fuck I'm such a pussy.
#BrewersTuesdayTrivia Norichika Akoi wears #7 the number worn by Jake Taylor in Major League.
I need some netflix before I crash.
I think me and on a trak would be one ill ass joint.
Thanks for the great share! I'm excited about this!
Crazy hair dont care
Signs policy job is taking over life: Boss asked me about "RG3" today and, for a second, I thought he was talking about a new regulation.
aye have u spoke to my sister in the last 18hrs?
How thankful would you be then!
on the blog same link as yesterday
We only like stuff that you make for libraries. Because you're nice. :)
You're a faggot. There. RT : #SomeoneIWantToMeet i wanna meet myself. i wanna see how i am through other people's eyes.
Hi Christine! I miss you already, I wish you could come to the superbowl party lol
nothign to work with
Stanton's is enjoy a little music in the store. A small trio, Cellist, Oboist & Violinist are here playing Christmas carols today.
A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words... Ah!
#follow me then
I had their tofu edamame nuggets for lunch! Yum
Heat it up TONIGHT w/ & at HEAT! The biggest 18+ party on Cinco de MaYOLO! Arriba!
SLIT YOUR WRIST AND JUMP OFF A BRIDGE. GET OFF MY NUTS.
We received proofs of our author pictures! We're lookin' good! We hope to post some soon so you can help us decide which to use!
Wat Phone Should I Get Tho ?
you can order online.
#LiesIveToldMyParents he's just my friend :)
Overheard: I'm a nun right now. Until further notice.
yea I guess that would have been a serious downside <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
My new alias is Bill Changer
you mean head-for-head bracket, right?
RT Just reported a police trap on I- 77 S, Stone Creek, using Waze - Drive Social
We are looking 4 the NEXT Rapper, Singer, Comedian to be on TAAP! Send video link to
Thank you to everyone that attended the #GPPCMA meeting today and to our sponsor
Great first visit to Any place that has #arduino for sale in their vending machine is A-OK :) Thx for the tour, Matt!
just can't get excited about the NBA..
cannot resist! RT : omg do NOT try the California Whopper at Burger King. Barf-o-rama.
god was definitely looking over me last night
i love zendaya. you hate her? cool ill hate her when all theirs no longer a sunday.
There is no way in fuck that I just passed that exam...do not pass go...do not increase your starting salary
hey can you email me the contact to the person that put that event together?
Bengals showing no fear. Throwing at Joseph as well. Hopefully he can capitalize on a mistake.
Think I can haggle down the price of Fbooks stock with Zuck? Cmon man help a fellow MOT out, U on twitter? I know ur sis is
Mountain biking and enjoying this amazing weather! Bringing along some #paleo snacks.
Aw, you #blocked me. :( I guess the truth hurts... The thing is Danny, I follow u 4 a reason. When ur not whining ur ok
good choice.
on cause marketing- if u buy from socially resp co's, u cn change the world
Halloween plans? Do you Trick or Treat? Go to a parties or not partake?
It's Monday Monday hate waking up on Monday
Stop the bullying... CHOOSE TO BE NICE!!!!!
So I ran into a kinkster I had met on NYE at Acme Bread this morning, wearing the new shirt.
I'm no Christian...I AM No Thing
it weights 130 grams
Hockey, for when you want to see white people good at sports
UD as in University of Delaware. Not sure if that's more or less interesting than Dayton.
RT: #ItSeemsLike the more I want something, the further away it is.
no one's keeping their eye onthe big electricity picture, perhaps including the FERC
So...trying on jeans at store and random guy says they look "hot" on me...should I be nervous? :)
#sljsummit10 Andres Henriquez: e-readers primarily targeted to motivated readers; challenge for ALL students to engage and learn
3000th tweet goes to :)
if locations an issue...I don't mind moving. But Saturdays really the only day I have left.
ok so my page tells me i've got stuff posted to my timeline but i can't find it. lmao am i blind or something.
The whole DD team is pioneering to today at 3. Excited to see what this place has to offer.
I tried to download the app but it says the code has expired
It still amazes me on how business is handled over text these days.
And/or more dull. Just sayin, art history always makes me think about the "willy nilly" professor. Remember ?
Kun Aguero NEEDS TO PASS THAT F'''KING BALL!!
ya I suck i too. That fucker can play some shortstop
#Webslam rules! So hard to make choices when everything these kids made is great!
You're welcome! Who did them?! :D
The dedication ceremony for the International Connections Lounge in the Union is TODAY at 2:30pm! Hope to see you there!
My idols are people that inspire me.
Today, in honor of Earth Day, I am completely indifferent to the human race.
I'm not bad for 193lbs.
Take time to become Solutions Oriented, Make everything you lend your time and energy to, about finding solutions and improving your life!
Xerox CEO: "we have talent deficit in US. We either import talent or export activities to where talent is"
I guess it a good thing :)
Pilar, thank you for the retweet, amazing report, Mark
Using an absolutely amazing tool to uncover really great niches, then paring these up with domain names.
...did my mom really just say puff puff pass?
- Yes, I want my change. I don't care if it is only pennies and you have to get a key to reopen the cash drawer.
you guys sounded great yesterday! Thanks for coming out to support the cause!
Smoke so much loud I now need a hearing aid.
I want Matri to play today.
Talks with my daddy >>>
EVRY 1 go follow ,, and They're EPICLLY AWESUm :))) p.s oh and follow me too;D
These lawyer fees are totally cutting into my "hooker/booze" budget.
#NowWatching #BloombergWest and waiting for #TechStars to come on :]
RT : Don't let your learning lead to knowledge; let your learning lead to action. Jim Rohn
Can anyone recommend a good book on the history of soil taxonomy? Want an excuse to use the phrase "Albeluvic tonguing" in conversation
“: ": already following u":-) needn n wannin to book for my 22nd bday” dm me and we can get sum started
Last nite I felt the LOVE.Truly nothing like it EVER. Thank you Everyone who was there and who wanted to be there. I felt you all.
New quote to live by in jam packed curriculum...need to know v. nice to know.
dammit! You busted me again, lol! I try to ignore my other me's but sometimes I can't help it ;)
thank you very much. Wanted to send it to some folks.
New song on #TheVoice! Heck yes!
Having sex to Cake >
Need a nutrition plan? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
's Digital Libraries class in the lab today! - hope there's lots of ?s...
Thanks for the recommendation!
Thanks again for the write-up Emily!
Jumping on Stephen The Levite 's bandwagon. Going back and taking a look at his entire cataloge.
their loss mane
Don't worry no make up or slime will be involved
omg yess that u are very super correct!!
it's like 6 FPS on my Samsung Galaxy S, but I do love the game! :D
who what??
How to Purchase Calutide Online Without Prescription, Nilandron ...
Yes, the issue should be corrected.
Follow us on twitter someone will win a #free four hour limo ride (must be in south florida)
I love how people will like spill out there hearts on the YouTube Comments Section
#Economy Watch: Profits are decelerating, employment is accelerating. Profits = leading indicator, employment = lagging.
One of my neighbors threw some of their tree clippings in my yard... Spent the weekend cleaning it up and taking it to the dump.
all yoga should be rewarded with beer IMO
I just won a chill-out anywhere hammock in the clambake raffle! Wow I should not be so excited about this...CT late PM
#iloveaboy whose name is :) -Melanie
thoughts? : ESPN's Adam Schefter on #Seahawks: "They loved Wilson going into draft. Felt like they had get him."
it just came to me o;
ok u right but it makes the point
The elbow satin stretch gloves that Beyonce and dancers are wearing are available at www.lacrasiagloves.com Beyonce you are so talented.
RT : My first UCEA Values & Leadership Conference. Great research.
Support Epilepsy awareness research and acceptance! Wear purple or a purple ribbon March 26th, start a conversation, educate.
Please a shout out would make my birthday! I'm turning 15! x
I hate when its too hot outside,ugly weather.
Awww. You got my hopes up and everything. smh
pre rape warning. He's a gentleman.
Wheels up to atlanta, then dc...
Rhymecal exclusive: new music video "Last word" prod. by , check it out at www.rhymecal.com
That moment when you wake up and can't go back to sleep :/
I hate being woken up by a text message... EVEN WHEN MY PHONE IS ON VIBRATE... -.-"
thanks for the confirmation! :)
Melanie Kehoss: technology in art can be hidden, or can be overt.
Compress your speech without losing impact Tip 2: “Begin fast. Start with an attention-getting statement.”
Eat n' Park.
drooling outside the prada and louis v stores at fashion square, sorry gotta fix my fuel pump fixed!
can you do a year lease starting in may? If you'd like email with your requirements!
yea! U already know lol
Note to Self: Life is not static. Static is boring.
I had a long conversation with she schooled me on England's education system. Thanks for dropping some knowledge on me!
Hope u get some sand in ur soul today
o alright my fault beautiful
Another night with some side missions, but at the end it was worth it :)
Irony: O's get 6 in the second inning against a pitcher he so desperately wanted. Yet, that was when he was still electric and a Marlin.
So happy we finally got some nice weather!
"What do you believe is true that almost nobody agrees with you on?"
Spring Commencement Ceremony tickets on sale now at the PSU Box Office!
Success is falling down nine times and getting back up ten. Awesome.
Made it back from middle of nowhere TX! Off to get the kids & celebrate Friday. Oh and please stop the damn rain b4 garage sale!
Despite the tragic loss last night, was off the hook! Kings fans rock!!
- Thank you prwoman1.
get to st. Louis today foo.
cornerstone content: these are topics your blog is about. the end.
Thank god it's Friday. TGIF. <U+E022><U+E022><U+E022><U+E022>
Do all NFL teams have an official chiropractor or is it just the hippies of San Francisco?
When designing an LMS site for F2F: Consistency, communication, structure. Good usability principles in general.
Ugh Meryl. She's shopping at Sears, just admit it
: I don't recommend Psalm 76:4 as a compliment: "Radiant you are, and renowned for the mountains of booty."
JESUS ERREY. STALKING POOR LANDESKOG TOO.
Well, yeah, okay. I hope he knows I could kill myself tonight. That's why I made twitter in the first place.
Wait my mom left for jazz fest....
I didn't realize it was available now! Just bought it and love it.
Ha Night (:
Crazy right? haha well then youll be in college
follow limit :(
but staying positive about a situation can easily become staying naive. the best thing i could ever have done was moved on and here i am
yeaa its true am proud too, am not even watching sytycd, am just following the tweets :)
hell yea!
. loses a good'n today: catch you on the flip side, ("The flip side" is what we now call )
That can't be real, can it?
Thank YOU
Caps is a drinking game where you throw beer caps into glasses for drinks. Easy game, unless you're
Thanks for the retweet. Our ED is in LA this morning sharing about the opportunity in the hopes of receiving many LA apps.
Niggas follow dumb shit like they're lemmings!
well count ur blessings 20x over cuz sallie mae got my ass!
ha and why is that
Albert Pujols has more HRs than Blake Griffin has testicles.
Today I HAVE to feel better. Going to Safari Park tomorrow with a group and I really want to enjoy it.
we somehow breed great bands here in MN. NFL team leaves something to be desired though ;)
Oh I did. Tried putting in 5 different addresses. It only took yours.
Hey Summer, thanks for the follow and hope all is well with you. By what I've seen on facebook, it's pretty good!
WE ARE HAVING LUNCH END OF STORY
thanks for telling your friends to check us out!
Don't let anything Tear you down... Just do what you do best and be JUSTIN <3 u
M...who wanna go see #Think like a man
So I had quite a bit of breakfast in the last couple days...
I have a legit beard right now.
The weater in Cali has been so beautiful this weekend! I'm about to hit up my second BBQ!
i love the life i live. and i love the people in my life
. president Jerry Campbell just hooded Sharon Watson Fluker with an honorary doctorate!
We need new recliners here, too. The ones we have are comfy but old. We enjoy having our feet up when we watch TV, hehehe ;)
need Saturday
Angels long to look at what we get to know. 1 Peter 1:12.
Dos Equis Special Lager.....Bottles just $2 right now. Live Music starts at 9 with the talented
Want a website that truly represents YOU and Your Personality or the Personality of Your Business? Go CUSTOM! ...We can help! ;)
you got to the bottom of the taco truck cover-up, didn't you????
I have a craft already, but what other fun things can we do at a library mother's day party? am also feed them muffins&juice.
sweet, little-sis-in-law. Shelley will represent.
Perception. "We need to get the word out that there are jobs available. That we are getting things right." -, ME Dept of
Never noticed thats alot of tweets
feeling fat from Jerry's Deli Pastrami and eggs!
He said he like it tho
I threw up in my mouth a little when I read it on msn.com however EvilDead2 the musical? Really? Come on Sam.....
good year for Sconnie sports !
Makes sense. No idea this offseason. I hope something changes. Not happy with defense in playoffs, Stall could be a #1 elsewhere
#nowplaying Where Have you Been - Rihanna.
Signs of a toxic work environment 1: leadership never asks employees for input regardless of the issue or problem.
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending. -Carl Bard
Who wants to enjoy my mothers day present with me tomorrow?
Ask for nothing less than inspiration.
Returning to the WIP for some early morning writing.
Like I don't have enough anxiety in my life! *deepbreaths* *deepbreaths* DD is safe. *exhale*.
I think he better watch his back or go into hiding! People Im sure in FL are livid! IJS....
#AJFever it's about time man! Lol!! Jk!!! (: Good morning!!
Good analogy RT: Trying to get over the regret of bad planning is like trying to swat a gnat with a tennis racket.
awhhhh I'm so sorry!!:/ I wish u could go sweetie
I LOVE dreaming of Kate
and Riverside County,Palm Springs and TJ too.
wait, where's the sun?
Thx! Yes, the stories are for real. I started the blog cuz I needed to get them outa me. Let's discuss:
I love how some of my old friends from college add me on #facebook & say "wow. Youve lost weight and got hot."
Thanks for Bacteria RT ;)
cute profile pic leify, what's going on these days?
Hello everyone! Have a great day!!!!
hope you're feeling ok!
~Whats everyone up to today??
: my world has been rocked!! Can't wait for next Saturday
mercury is supposed to go direct today (April 4). It's about time!
Pool next door is open :(
i think we all remember where we were when we first realized paul simon was in simon and garfunkel
We have begun!!
Can you take me to the Superbowl with you? We can wear matching vintage Payton jerseys and laugh at Rex Ryan's facial expressions.
We're shooint $700 cinematic music videos with storylines this month. for details.
Who's coming out tonight to see and friends! opening at 8PM!
Scrunched my hair today :o
Hey Amanda, I was sorry that we missed you at Jim Meskimen's show. I wanted to thank you for all of your help. See ya soon
Models have been all over the place, right? Dripping like a snow cone here. Merry X-mas Eve!
Lots of useful links & reports about knowledge management from over the past 24 hrs.
the bottom line now maybe BUY American for USA companies can hire workers and people will buy stuff
Bring it Lance!
Just off the phone from meeting New, cool Milw Craft Beer Tasting event same day as our Gathering Waters - 6/12
what does this even mean?? MT “: As interns, it would be nice if we got our own interns.
Hey thanks for following!
God has a plan :)
Yahoo! Welcome to the world of back channel communication!
Sometimes I get a good feeling
you look like one of my cousin???? ASAP
LeBron James; the first 3x MVP without a ring.
it's finally nice outside & I wanted to work on my moms car today but she's not home. when does the one direction contest end?
Amazing day with amazing kids. Praying about what God is doing here. Tomorrow we are visiting a hill tribe - should be very different.
RT Looking for a WordPress plugin to pull in Twitter mentions -- anyone have a recommendation?
Which soccer game? There's a bunch on tv right now.
Hm....interesting
Lol tell me bout it im really living that
Response to CEOs: at increased focus on science technology engineering and math in schools, decreased regulations
Thanks for the follow! All you people looking to buy homes should check this out!
Does anyone have a time machine?
1988 I caught an AtlanticCity comic.Tom Dreesen strained us, "I'm the ex-partner" of the great Tim Reid. They just wrote a book together!
Hey, Danny O'Donoghue...sup? ;)
Nothin' really. :) Just on here. you?
But enough with my bullshit self pity. It could always be worse.... I could be Herman Cain! LoL
Count my fuckin money backwards its faster..
Go Brewers!!!
r u girls in the hight desert
Need a portable battery source. Check out the awesome Vagabond Mini Lithium by Paul Buff. Works with Profoto 600W monolites.
Someone should be talking <U+E105>
Good Morning. Don't forget you can get 25% off your entire purchase at www.beadforlifestore.org during the month of #August. Happy
#ICSC #NEIDEX Great job on social media panel. Garrison Proulx & Fleming did a great job outlining the opportunities for CRE.
Fact: Acne can be hereditary. If your parents had acne, you may be more prone to it. Did you tweep's know that?
I found the touts in Morocco to be the most annoying of any place we went - including India and Vietnam.
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt express approval by tapping a spoon on the table. Clapping of hands will not be tolerated.
=UPDATE= We are still open today. Just in case you couldn't make it during the week, come in with your books & get cash! Still 10AM-10PM
Okay, maybe I should re-scope this method. I'm halfway through level 1 (15,000 700x500 pixel images) after 15 minutes and 2 gigs
RETWEET this if u want more followers [follow me i follow back]
Romans 8:28 - it's a lifeline isn't it? Saw Soul Surfer yesterday - an example of that very verse.
WHere have you been? OK, where have I been? Regardless, I miss you anyway. XOXO
mines & it still won't do it!
Reverend Bell collected no financial gain from his invention, never obtaining a patent, believing it should benefit all mankind.
G men need to go '88 Tyson on them RT : The Pack are off the canvas!! Bobbing and weaving!!!
That's backwards RT comeback is going to be "well, we're college sports, not pro sports... so the consumer isn't goal
Great service tonight! They have faith in something powerless, so let the power of your faith steer them!
(': i bet you arnt... i bet you are beautiful
WTF, GEORGIA HAS SOME NASTY LOOKING BUGS, THIS BUG LOOKS LIKE IT HAS A TAIL AND BUGS DO NOT CARRY THAT TRAIT -_-
TSA Agent called me sweetie...
After 18 College football players died form their injuries in 1905, President Teddy Roosevelt stepped in and saved the game from itself.
Keep it classy
yes sir. I can toss you a code to get a discount on shipping since it'll cost more if you're serious about buying
I'm a fan of the Tim Splitter duo ...should be used more
So according to my phone my text message memory is full even though I deleted everything. So don't text me because I won't receive it.
“: A'dia Mathies had 24 points and seven rebounds, while Snowden added 17. UK overcame a 14-point deficit in the victory.”
I wish I was there! I'm home on maternity leave with baby Clara. Have a great time.
No tours tonight, so I'm cookin some Schweinhaxe. Yum Yum Yum. Also drinking beer.
I feel like he isnt going to make me a drink anymore
I'll see you soon then!
That's about your worst picture ever! You'd have to be drunk for a worse one!
Followed !! :D
its more than love its the truth
Opened my 05 nebbiolo from to pour with dinner. #winegasm thank you for making beautiful wine, & happy mothers day!
“Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been."
I didn't know steak burned!
June is the new July. Thursday is the new Friday. 1 pm is the new 5:00.
Starting to fill up session times. Lots of recording to be done this summer!
Liam, why are you so god damn ADORABLE?
": NO, YOU'RE A MUGGLE." EL OH EL! That's mean
just saying you need to see whats good. Just don't get shot. Cats in FL are trippin right now
"Don't wait until everything is just right. There will always be challenges, obstacles. So what. Get started now..." —Mark Victor Hansen
Like the pic, Sigi! Have fun!
THAT BITCH HAD THE BIGGEST KOOL AID SMILE I'VE NEVER SEEN WHAT THE FUCK ........
Follow me today as the Discovery shuttle flies over the District. I'll be tweeting from National Airport.
You are such a loser,you have a better chance winning in a fake sport rather than an MMA belt you jackass!
30 minutes until I leave for New Orleans. Holy crap, I'm getting pumped!!!
sending love your way. Hope everything's OK
As long as ALA continues with the circle jerking, the profession will stagnate.
Is this OTH's last season?
You know your jeans are tight enough when they bruise your legs ...
i only sent that pic to u & him so its especially for him;)
'you can never waste time in God's word.' -Beth Moore
if I call u bro or family u mean the world to me...I love all you guys that I call friends...and everyone else too...everyone in my life....
got that #GCF going on (:
Came back to the Bronx, bought callaloo cooked it with salt fish needless to say it didn't taste the same..disappointed
Enjoyed chatting with Carolyn Gilb () at 's WOW presentations. Great having her support for our digital marketing efforts.
Aw totally agree--I'm so blessed by your friendship! And I've got that list of "To Dos" around San Diego somewhere... :)
Done with my mock congress speech! Now I just have to get my theater arts critique done by last period tomorrow!
No i am not your friend! I never was!
Excited to hear and Rana Kay from speak tonight!
I live in midtown and hate 2nd Saturday. Think I'll escape to my bros in Folsom tonight.
What's the biggest obstacle to getting healthier? The belief that you can't do it.
that's crazy. #CAPRICA is our favorite band too. WHAT
When Pandora plays music I already love, I'm happy to hear it, creeped out at its prescience + disappointed not to get novelty.
way too kind. *blushing* RT : . looks gorgeous in my article! She'll draw readers in :)
As Predicted; GOP lapdog Herman Cain again vomiting his master's idiotic talking points over MSM in futile attempt for relevance.
wow, look how green and lush your grass is already!
Wonderful resource fair this evening, hosted by Friends of Children in Fayette Co, thank you for having us!
Looking for Adam Lambert's hot kinky AMA video? Check out www.triskelionsociety.com, we have it....for now.
Officials report Teagan Marti has been upgraded to fair condition after falling 100 feet to the ground on a WI Dells free-fall ride.
Bored, got a couple new show pics go comment them will return. =)
Apparently everyone in Utah thinks I have an accent.
BradleyAustinConnor Buy Now Bulk Plaster Gauze- 4 Inches x 270- plaster gauze
"I wasn't that drunk", "Dude, you stood in my toilet and tried to flush yourself to the Ministry of Magic"
RT : he had 14 seconds to create a shot but settled for a contested 33 footer <== he just hit FOUR of em!!
hey. um wanna click my follow button? you would make me super happy. :D
no hack...its a virus on the phone...
take good notes. You'll want to pass down these traditions to your own grand kids someday
#ListOfTurnOns sweet, funny, caring, is himself and doesn't let a girl change what he wants in his future.
verse on Same Damn Time >>>>>>
15 min left of this lunch break
I need some pliers to pull my tooth out
honestly, The only power other people have over u, is the power u give them..!
You jerks. Fine. The triple-feature will have to do.
cause of what all your saying
RT : Mitt just got a pass for saying he would fire someone. That's how much it's going his way tonight.
as soon as we get a contract with another hotel, we'll let you know! Should be very soon.
I'm Blessed and Highly favored... and Now late for Sunday School. lol. GBU ttyl
The Silk Tie likes James! If Donald had you sell ties, whats the first thing you would do?
- - have a great night everyone! I hope tomorrow is amazing. :)
florida with one of my best friends, or the sport i worked forever for.. i HATE when my mom does this.
Uh oh. I'm rethinking my position on this. If PJ agrees with me, I might be on the wrong side of this one. ;-)
hey ladies gd morning
S/O to my new followers she's pretty!
Thanks for following....you're awesome!
and I can't fault a coach for protecting his program.
Thanks Doug for the kind words and for printing "It's Either Now or Never" with us!
After a 15x3mins of boxing pad work and sparring this morning and an epic 3 hour dog walk this avo I am quite ready for a nap
Tommorrow is the big day!! #lawyermeeting :)
Full of the other team's fans?
Oh I got so many good tweets regarding this....but gonna be good
Closet and Storage Concepts to Display Custom Closets at Greater Philadelphia Spring Home Show Closet and Storage Concepts will be attend
Great job Bulls giving this game away!!!! The Sixers basically handed you the game & you gave it away in the final minutes of the 4th!!
Times have changed, but fuck it get a new watch!
Want to see your next show...on Kozlov.
Chick Webb was an inspiration to every chick with with webbed feet who dreamed of playing jazz.
come on back home.. Lol
Winners take time to relish their work, knowing that scaling the mountain is what makes the view from the top so exhilarating~ Denis Waitley
I would love that! I'm cdunn @ strength.org. Thank you!
There's a point in life when you start to realize who matter, who NEVER did; and who ALWAYS will!!! #DELETINGGARBAGE2DAY ;-)
I still want to meet you even if I'm older then you
I'm heading down to Southern California in a few days. Any beers from that area you'd like to request?
i didn't eve see that so i don't know what you're talkign about I mean when you came back with "OH NO YOU DIDN'T GO THERE"
That moment when you fix the typo, but don't save the document before sending it off.
Can't wait! RT : En route to MPLS for tonight's screening of LAST DAY AT LAMBEAU ! Tickets still available! 7:15pm!
Check out the newly launched Recoup.com "Buy what you like. Save what you want. Support what you love."
Finally at barcade, after a rain-induced pizza break
MANE I WANT SOME POPCORN
I don't wanna be at my house :(
90's music was the bestt.
Rise and shine!!!! Happy hump day<3
RT:need Help frm my creative friends!Im Plannin our ONE year anniversary party for BROADWAY BAR ON FRIDAY the 27th!ideas or suggestions???
For a hundred that can bear adversity there is hardly one that can bear prosperity.
You Are Totally Welcome!
I see has alot to say today...
Dammit why am I not sleeping
Thanks for following BSN SPORTS! As a thank you, take 15% off your next order by using Flyer Code F6 at checkout. Expires 5/31/12
That's awesome! Can't wait to see ya! :)) Hey follow and , that'd be great!
I do miss you, Tennessee...
Still feel the drinks from this mornin
Lauren is giving away too many kisses today
I think that Mankato game the night before was way worse.
who do you think has the advantage
Yoooo.. Black girl with short blonde hair.... You can't be making with your dude on the train... And looking at me at the same time....
my fav song is just a kiss by u mishon
You would love Highway 19 over here in Clearwater...Hahaha
"Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so #busy that you have little time to criticize others.”
I wanna be a billionaire so Fucking bad. Buy all the things I never had ....
I was pointing to the greater access that these "natives" have & their higher (culturally conditioned) standing.
Check our web site for specials, videos, clients, and see some of our staff members
nice meeting you, Tim
#nextsoundcloud is a redesign of our web app to create a simpler, faster, more social experience for our community (private beta)
it's the same video. You already sent me that video
I don't have anything on the calendar. Probably a few weeks. Come to Chicago in June. Get David too.
Looks like its going to rain <3
Oh boy, WTF Simon is trending. LMAO!!!
Lose Majok but keep Bradley. Not a good week for sports.
addicted to the fast life!
Hey thanks for the mention!
You may find something you want at www.Yunnan-Arts.com
Smartphones are pricey. Don't buy 1 when you really don't need 1.
Call it what you will - is flat out some of the best pizza in DC. AND they do a good gluten free crust.
“ A beautiful women is unique , smart , and has self respect”
When ever I go to the Packer games I encourage the hottie cops to get a good feel ;) #sassy different the the airport though
Giving the little Honda a bath. :)
keep up the noise tonight. I feeling 3 points tonight
THIS IS IMPORTANT!! Be My Valentine<U+2665>? c:
Chicago: Come for the pizza, Stay for the political corruption
Really wanna see in a similar role like "Home of the Brave". But with a lead role this time.
Got my drivers education certificate feel like driving some of everywhere now
Well at least they had a brief shout out for rescue dogs
It's a BEAUTIFUL day in the Roc!! What are your plans for tonight after work?!
Wtf I need a cup of urs for?......I GOTTA WHOLE BOTTLE!
Really excited about all these rockumentaries making their way to netflix.
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> “: The fact that I got offered THREE stripping jobs today. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>”
thanks for the follow dude!!
straight the uad plug ins require a dsp card. They are the best sounding ones by far to me. Check them out
Many thanks!
Ima ima make u my bitch,
OMG I'm so excited I wanna cry! I've never been this happy in my life!
I'm in the auditoreum Beyond Facebook & Twitter. Def. cookies, next! :)
hey that's me in the white car!
ohh i thought i saw him in your followers<U+E404>stupid eyes lol jk #imnotweird !!
mini Chicken sandwiches for breakfast >>
Idkay?!? Cuz People Said He Tweeted It Then Deleted The Tweet. :O
well played...first album to turn me on to Stereolab
Yesterday was 420 known for smokin Kush, Today is 421 the day of the Drug Test....Hahaha.
Did you buy holiday gifts from any artists? Who?
very good and you? :)
There have been 2 restaurants in my life that I have been excited to eat at. One being and the other one is La Merenda!
Amazing atmoshere! Its fun to finally watch a decent product on the field in KC too!
yeah. It does make me a little nervous...
4 for 8 on the season in my books.
Kup has free cubs tickets. (no lie) sick seats. Hit me up if u wanna go with us.
Bought cupcakes for my interns. They didn't transit well and fell off my car seat and got ruined :( the thought that counts
This was the best Hulk even better than me when I was in second grade.
butch vig makes 'nervermind classic album' impossible to watch on netflix
playing mario kart wii
Hartford depot for the real pits of despair
Well I got Some Things to Work ON, Yes I DO
My neighborhood provides great models and locations. It doesn't get better than tree lined streets and old house in Beauregard Town.
can anyone tell me what is a rabbit dog and do we really shot them in the streets...?
Can't sleep.
": *Help spread this word. #BrothersFightingCancer. #NonProfitOrganization to take care of Our Health,Heritage
It was a pleasure working with you all and I look forward to working with you all in the future.
*hugs back* its not you!
Halfway thru class...
I forget what you mean to me, hope you know what you mean to me.
WillUluvMe2niteBaybay SONG OF THE DAY I WONDER IF I TAKE YOU HOME By Lisa Lisa & The Cult Jam w/Full Force
Is it just me, or is "I want to be a Toys'R'Us kid" sung to the same tune as, "and a Partridge in a Pear Tree" ? Gotta love Christmas music!
Tynetta is soo silly :) she don be taken my grandmas side
If you live in Washington, DC or Kingston, Ja & your interested in helping Please Contact CoCo at 202-534-8151
CONGRATS! ": Holy wow - FOUR of our troupes have made is into the first ever ! BIG takes the Big Apple this March!"
Thank you Alexia! I've emailed her but I'm not sure that she's received it yet... :(
i agree
Someone txt me..
Thanks!! It was fun to make! Now we have to choose the next myth...
Glad Prince saw limited action in the All-star game (and got the big RBI), but Manuel should have left him in, not howard...he's hot!
I think the main reason to stay on twitter is to occasionally check in with you. Lame? Possibly.
Fun! Our wheelchair sports & adaptive rec coordinator can help - or 414-291-7520 v/relay Good luck!
I'm watching Chopped. Lol
This week, we #Crew96 fans are again reminded of #MLS sides named after horrific disasters: , ,
Good luck. Enjoy the trip.
We performed are 1st Show under our new name -> tonight and it went really well. More details about this change soon!
happy happy Friday
I wish every day was Tuesday.
The worst part about Vegas is Monday morning back in the office...
Thanks for the follow Fabian! Amigo!
Exactly. Purpose must be to get the characters to an HEA to make it a romance.
“: This is why there's TiVo” I'm telling Liza you said that. Also, my DVR broke. All I got is VHS.
S/o to for repping #JNC on #SNL today.
Thanks Christopher! Keep up the good work. Raku is a killer processes!
From our families to yours, have a wonderful holiday!
#Lyra12 mobile worker needs... Food, water, shelter and a USB stick by Mike Weir
We hope to see some of you today at the Polaris mall in Columbus! Get your merch before it's sold out. We'll be hangin there around 6pm. RT!
read Sometimes A Great Notion next...great stuff. Have you read Electric Kool-Aid Acid test?
I love Big Time Rush .
You give me the heebie jeebies Felt like a hippie sayin that :)
WORD. RT As a producer, I spend a lot of time detecting bullshit. So please: don't bullshit a bullshit detector.
as soon as we got our score we go back to our room and wouldn't of noticed LOL adanna is doing cit this year!
CNN ..... She wanna listen to sticks
Ppl tryna get to me, get at me again. I am MORE than a conqueror. When they gon get it?
when is YPF?
I assign about the same as Jonathan, 100-150.
Press Conference for release of State Secrecy & Child Deaths Report over but here are more interesting tidbits that weren't tweeted live...
Underdogs baby! Western Michigan tied up with Michigan at the Big House. South Florida whooping Notre Dame butt in South Bend 10-0
Go george lopez!!!!!! Or ellen!!
Restoration Hardware sent me a 616-page book to sell me an $11,000 sofa. I didn't buy.
BASE Camp overnight tonight, woohoo!
Barrett vs Walker v2.0! Let's hope this is a "Choose-Your-Own-Adventure" story and Wisconsinites pick a different ending this time
Has successfully learned how to parallel park. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
April 3, 1905: Several serious wild fires burn around Baltimore destroying trees and buildings.
Nicest person ever well sometimes c; go followw!! :)
cool, that's awsome
the seesaw of teaching, an email highlighting clerical error failure on my part to a student praising me as "wizardly" 10 minutes difference
nice work man!
ASAP keep your ear to the ground...
I think I'm gonna audition for bad girls club. Get paid to live in a mansion and put up with some ratchets for two moths? Spanks :)
You just starred in the newest episode of Extreme Couponing on TLC
RT : Boom. Cherry Blossom Ice cream for your hot fudge sundae?!?!?! Oh yea !! #cherryblossom // can I buy a pint?!?
#wordoftheday Weezer's album Maladroit, probably the worst one they released, is quite maladroit. - Thanks Mary!
I feel like I just found out my boyfriend cheated on me.
Lmfao @ E-40 "Her titties is a D-cup, she thick like Rachel Ray" hahah
Twitter is not the destination it is a vehicle. Have clearly defined goals for what you want to get out of it.
Best house/funk artists:
n fly here :)
last time i checked its called the scoreboard not the triple double board. Hes the least assertive freak athlete ever
WAIT you didn't see the whole thing? No wonder...all right it's now officially a Star Wars + Jeepers Creepers nite
awee thank you sweet heart<3
Oh dang. She seemed cool when I met her.
Louis LAmour~ There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. That will be the beginning.
If u count indycar Indy natives, u would have to say Indy had tony Stewart, manning, and Reggie miller wouldn't u?
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. ~ Arthur C. Clarke
Working at Shin Wellness then birthday celebration this weekend with my ladies!
/ I AM EXCITED FOR YOU AS WELL
uh oh
Is there an app out there that with ACTUALLY teach me about wine and just be a journal? YES!!!!!!
#EDCampME review of afternoon sessions and ready for cross pollination lunch
Goodnight *wait for replies *
man i wish i had a car so i can gtf from round these people!
see you thursday :)
Tonight's agenda new nails and Glee..
": Fuck my throat hurts !" Wth were u doing?? Lmaoo
Test-driving an Android, appalled by virtual keyboard (used to Bberry), crashing apps, non-functioning GPS. iPhone any better?
Asking Alexandria sucks ass!! they are such a shitty band!!
because right now I can't follow anyone at all. But sometimes it let's me.
Anyone ever play the card game Fluxx? 1st time I played was last night. So fun. Actually nice to play a card game other than poker for once!
Awesome Wednesday #specials $4 #Margaritas and Blue Moon, $5 Avion Tequila, 1/2 off bottles of wine. Feeling the #cincodemayo love!
Fox dating series ‘The Choice’ pays homage to NBC’s ‘The Voice’
FINALLY got my speech done...and it's still 55 seconds over. Grrrr. I'm going to bed.
Going out of the US 4 2yrs. Need to make 1K per month with SP ebook romances. 4 available. Good prof. prod. books. What are my chances?
Thinking why do i have friends
I wanna go look right now - but leaving the party to check out my prize would be bad form
We're on the final pages of this chapter but the story of our lives is just beginning. Toasts to living
ALRIGHT. I DID.
Long day of filming. Glad to have the weekend off. Anyone have a idea for a show you want on the channel
You can hate me but why knock my hustle?
#IQ2US Grayling isn't right.He forgets that the Renaissance saw nature as the "book of nature" given by God. His history here is very shaky.
Happy hour 5-7. Half off drinks and $5 apps. Karaoke night starting with $2 well drinks 10-12
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Buy my mom a restaurant :-) :-) :-)
web analytics software comparison
RT : What kind of terrible music will all these babies in Ramones onesies reared on Rockabye Baby CDs will come up with?
Is BYU that terrible or is Iona good??? I'm going with BYU being terrible I think...
Is that what the kids are doing these days?
Tweet me numbers!
I would like to be on tour with someone ...... anyone
Dude, get an AVI.
I'm Michael Johnson fast when it comes to creating art. And I'm always pleased with the outcome
MIA will get it together in the second half! Got to keep the viewers' attention!
my amazing roomate bought me ROBOT ice cube trays - i can not wait for whiskey n robots :D
#health is easy - rocks kettleballs to get her hot body. You can too.
look it up ding ding!!! It's my location to!
You guys following me? Read the exercise? Nod if yes
'What is important is that we can build a homogeneous #South Africa on the basis not of colour but of human values.'-Chief Albert Luthuli...
The worlds best friend's birthday is TOMORROW!!!<U+263A> looking forward to it!!!
How many of you are waiting for someone else or the government to take care of you? “: How many of you are one lost job..."
We're so happy to hear you've enjoyed the performances! Thanks for using ShowClix :) Have a wonderful holiday!
Hey, I just met you, & this is crazy..but here's my number, so call me maybe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
24 people.... 2 tribes.... But only one winner... Who will be the Survivor?!?!? O_o
Hour and ten minutes on route woo hoo!
“I feel a very unusual sensation – if it is not indigestion, I think it must be gratitude.” – Benjamin Disraeli
anyway we might be able to incorporate in those classes Todd? :)
Your welcome (:
OMG Game of Thrones...
Next shot to sign up for you to own the Britney show is at 1:03pm!!! Good luck
you and me both! Hahaha
we're still here. We still love you. We're always digital.
Will you be able to follow up w/your webinar participants to see if their predictions about staff/board were accurate? Very curious.
Perhaps, but I think the non-existence of a dome is a greater factor. I'll believe this once Chicago hosts.
It's 08:15 and we just drove past a guy failing a field sobriety test. Happy St. Patty's day everyone. Don't be stupid.
There must be a dearth of substantive differences between candidates if we're breaking out their high school days.
I love the way you are It’s who I am. Don’t have to try hard we always say, say like it is and the truth is that I really miss
Our full website will launch next week. In the meantime, what kind of topics would like to cover?
but there will be less white rappers.
Trying to move beyond the"block of text and pictures" model some exhibit software enforces.
Told yall I was back to twitter ! At 1 point my tweets were far and between but I C its important to stay in touch wit this network foreal
Great day to stay inside and program!
never watch any part of clones but the end. I always skip to EP. 3, which wasn't half bad...
sure thing! Best of luck this #prom season!
Thanks, Charlie. I'm already grilling people about how to prep for winter. I'm open to all advice!
Stress eating. This is a thing this week.
Somehow I keep winding up on the couch...... Not moving.
I shaved my commute time in half by changing my car's horn to sound like gunfire.
Q1 Be reliable, go above and beyond, take on new responsibilities. Helped me to grow my job from admin to program mgmt.
24/7 locally owned & operated 92109 Quality, Fast, and Honest locksmith
I just got in the house and im already bored smh lol
how many will finish college with costs so high, and no job market?
It's actually LeBron's fault.
he is. Nicest dog ever
Great work!! Love it
so u jus wnt random ppl 2 txt u? if i gave u my number wud u txt me?
lol ay fck you I don't look like neither one of them niggas
Don't forget to tell your followers about free cones at Ben & Jerry's today. Or are you trying to keep the line shorter? :)
in #houston tommorrow..... he needs to stay for
Yay my Mariners won!!! Now Yankees Vs Redsox...Yankees better win so my man is happy!!!
Couldn't be around anyone because MRSA is very contagious and that is hard with family. This infection can be dangerous Continued next tweet
Hey guys(: How was your day?(:
What's wrong with people these days?
However, we ARE on the same page. Stand up!
... you just IMPRESSED me
Geeks shall inherit the earth or in this case, geeks shall inherit Reno. At the first Hack4Reno meetup with some brilliant minds
The weather has been nice the last few days. Now it's supposed to snow...AGAIN...UGH!
Follow my friend She works for #Facebook :)
Buy! buy! buy!
LMAO! I saved you one tweet - I was laughing over here, but at least I can say "I didn't do it!"
I so wish you would notice my little girl hailie it would mean a lot #believe maybe one day
Wondering how much snow we are actually going to get.
And a special thanks to & for giving us the space to perform!
is looking 4 ecosystems in the upper atmosphere. #STL could do big stuff too.
can't wait to see sparkle. Love the orig one. Ck us out at simply grand music. Memphis
clearly time to find another waitlist. At least they're not on your right!?!
It multiples
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
let's go!
Stop asking me all these questions .. Annoying as hell with it
oh I know we will miss MKG smile and school spirit and Miller's homegrown importance of Ky ball!
Dirk vs. whoever can get it going for Portland.
on it.
#fridayreads finished Girl who kicked the hornet's nest by Larsson, Thai Die by Ferris, reading Everglades by White.
Did geno just check the ref?
Happy Friday, David! Feel free to give them to one of our servers. Tell them to let Bryan know, please so I can follow up. :)
Thank you for the RT to your followers regarding voter suppression. This madness has to stop!
Passed out at 11, regained enough consciousness at 430 to go to my bed. Yea that's a successful first night home
“Professionalism is knowing how to do it, when to do it, and doing it.”
it's been beyond GOOD!
One cat just laid on my face, another got underneath the covers & laid right next to me. Ugh #annoyingcats lol they don't ever let me sleep
whos the other 2 for? nah man ill be here. is there a new album coming out?
joes at work doucher quit lovin all over roberta and move your white girl ass over here I'm bored and have good news for you
Japan threatening to score
'Book of Soul'.. is probably the most sincere song I've ever heard from Ab-Soul. That shit is super focused and personal.
“Sometimes you have to be a bitch to get things done."
"I'm mad at Wall Street cuz I don't bother to take an interest in my own future."
First big update coming from on Mon. Lots of new features, some bug fixes & better content. All based on initial user feedback.
That smoking commercial is so sad
In the burgr king parking lot and a wire popped and exploded ! It was scarry D:
My nerdly instincts kicked into overdrive when they took down Axe's kit along with Ghost gear.
I haven't showered since the first time I showered
Starting our pickup rehearsal tonight for #RomeoAndJuliet. Does that make us pickup artists?
If Diablo 3 is code for dark chocolate almonds or an embarrassing boner during a presentation...FOUR SURE.
Watching Step Brothers! haha
U've been up for 4 days makin money Both ways .
Can't you see I'm falling for you:/
Not only can you glean practical methods for saving, you get in the mindset of being a saver, and this is a huge step
If any one.was to kill me right now, they would be charged with a tripple murder!!!!!!
It's so hard when I have to, and so easy when I want to. -Annie Gottlier
im sorry christian try your best never saynever love love love u!!!
I hate busy weekends. -_-
wait that came out wrong lol! Don't get the wrong idea about me I'm not a heavy drinker!
When was the last time someone did something nice for you? What was it?
No one ever gets tired of loving, They just get tired of waiting, assuming, hearing lies, saying sorry and hurting.
try it. There are coupons attached to some checkins - for some of us that is as witty as we get. ;)
lol well i mean i can do this little something for you
I turned on the radio and herd Ill be and I thought of I sat here and cried, I love you Austin...
"look at all these men. Look at all these wieners waggin'. I'm so alone. I should go home, and so on, and so forth..."
Well, today is my 40th birthday, but I still feel like I'm 19! No worries.
Those perfect high notes Justin hits, making your body tingle.
On YouTube Pres Obama said he saw drug abuse as a public health problem and that it should be treated as one, Reuters
well i'm moving in so make room for me :)
Hi it's me I'm guest tweeting for tonight. Looking forward to seeing you at the
Sitting outside at night is nice when you cant sleep
Planning Pregnancy May Cut Birth Defects
That moment when you wait for a text, but then you realize you're the one who didn't reply(:
This seriously made my morning. My mom did the same thing!! Have a great day, you two.
That's right fucker you are out
Man, i freakin' love showchoir. I feel great about that performance!!! #express !!
lets have fun on www.aaron.tv ;D
Thanks so much! <3 #MonsterLove ...aww thanks, you're too sweet!
Nothing like beating an irrelevant franchise once again.
Accident @ corner by house this afternoon. Jeep ran stop sign t-boned station wagon. Driver of Jeep taken by EMS. Family feet away, in yard
These games against the O's ately, are like freaking bad joke. The fuck!!!
please keep on following me luv all
Do you do commercials for your practice?
Whatever I do, I aim to live on purpose. My purpose being to connect with others through the power of music! What do you stand for?
Thanks Ray! RT : Long overdue
aha, i do what i want
Absolutely LOVE ur concept. We r a music fanclub and conceptual-art project & #Heroes&Villains
Awesome! Can't wait to visit England!
I have the best mother ever.
“: i though yalw as suppised to fight
WOW your a bitch
You're terribly busy but if you can answer, are you from eastern Kentucky? Have been tracing Fugates in and around Breathitt.
I'm surprised to see someone like Harrington talk about it like it was...
my dad said to me "son you're gonna HATE the day you start shaving" why would he say such strong words to a child? why not "ENJOY..."
Cover Bands don't Change the World
remember that she's definitely seen feet way worse than you, as long as you still have all of your toes she def has lol
Maybe cold, but I doubt you're helpless.
Tough Love- New Orleans comes on tonight at 7pm! Make sure you're watching!
I always thought tweeted in Kelvin.
Theater Camp this week was such a great success! Hope everyone had a stupendous, thespian appreciating week! :)
Saw "Mao's Last Dancer" several evenings ago; this evening I'll see "Ahead of Time" and also meet Ruth Gruber~! Life continues to expand.
Yes! They're releasing the date soon, it should be really fun & for a great cause!! Follow them for more info! (:
That sounds unreal. Why would someone not respond? A culture of 'those inside' and 'those outside'?
I'm over here hiding and shit lol.
1/8 Reading "Pennies from Heaven" by Chris Lehmann in Harper's Magazine, October 2011. My favorite section so far goes like this (p. 40):...
Lol you ain't bout the ink..
egg mcmuffins are on Babbitt tonivht
Great interview on
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. Helen Keller
It's only on the nice days does my health seem to take a turn for the worse. I'm not playing hooky, I swear I'm just lying in bed!
The US economy grew at 2.2 percent in the first quarter of the year
Thanks to , my hometown of Red Hook Brooklyn coming to the big screen in August.
Children in the dark cause accidents, accidents in the dark cause children.
lol he's just now seeing that???
I have so much homework this weekend. All because of
Waking up the Twitter account
Our doors are open, and the coolers are stocked. Your move,
Nah I think he is out of luck. They give you free tuition when you get hit by a T, not for being stupid.
happy v day beautiful
RT : Friday @ Railyard all day and at Molecule for the evening. Saturday @ SITE Santa Fe.Jungle in the van, E Pluribus Unum books...
he's definitely a high handicap spitter. is he chewing sunflower seeds or sumthing?
Use lots of Sunscreen!
Today was a weird day
sometimes i feel i should do more to warn readers that my stuff - all of it - is violent. like changing my pen name to Bloody McPunchYou.
#fpsldraft2012 SS. Lienert is still on the board...
#TheBestSound is "Broken Record" by Radio for the People!
I woke up to discover that my birth control pill pack threw itself in the trash. The suicide note said that it had never felt so irrelevant.
Fun Fact Friday: Looking for a cheap flight to Asia? Look at booking two flights that connect in a lesser hub with cheap fares.
Heading home. Ready to snuggle with Dizzy, sleep in my own bed, and hang my liver out to dry for a few weeks.
Congrats to 3 mvps in a short time. Im a fan, but still repin my sliver & black. Lol.. see ya in san antonio.. ;-)
Love me some head a I love a bitch that like 2 do it
Oh how the big red mighty monster have fall.....to jobber status lol.
Giving a talk on network programming with HTTP. Know your fundamentals!
is such a good motivator ^.^
Injured At Work? We Can Help You. Get A Free Case Evaluation Today. 1-800-609-7852
The House of Representatives changed, then passed, the controversial Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act, better known as...
omg yes!!!
Dear , Why did you make watching video on demand thru Comcast so painful? Couldn't finish 1 show too many commercials, no FF
Baby won't just stay!
What a great afternoon in sunny san Diego at races. I see Lucille Ball & Desi were regulars here. Picked Lisa lulu
...and then there was the upstairs elderly lady always asking me for money and inviting me over for coffee and coversation.
Let kids/students catch a mistake you make speaking.Conveying this info, a way great to develop expressive language skills.catch mine?
No doubt the Rams are the worst team in the West, and they have a hall of fame coach, 5 star prospect QB, and a great RB.
Writting like the longest note <U+E32A><U+E301>
awe...makes me miss The South...I am from GA! Although I Love CA, just not the same! :)
We look forward to meeting all our 'new' customers who purchased our local deal that was advertised on Travelzoo Local Deals last week!
happy mommy day
no summer vacation for me this year:/
Boys are dumb. Im over this.
Last flight aboard the ACSV Borasis for Charlie Nielson. Then home to Bozeman and sweet retirement. right?
Questions for the Web team? Email Us:
Another night of donkaments on
my life is a little less awesome without you in it my dahling.
What do you mean you don't serve breakfast tacos? *flips table*
I was just called the Mayoress of Good Times - love it!
Man my lunch is bout to be on point foreal lol can't wait to eat lol my stomach is Ready lol
It is! It sold out so fast!
Heading home in the non-existent snow!
We got T MAC--- where da hell have I been, we going to the Ship!! HAWKS
hey, ! I just discovered I have a 3 hour layover in Atlanta tonight. Care to dine with me at the airport?
.... Omg STOP IT! I may or may not have a Hagwarts table down stairs in the game room??? ....
Nice to see you both!
I only have one thing on my mind. Trying not to need it but its not a posibility right now so I want it even more.... SMDH
awww. I'm sure you got through it well :)
it sucks that you don't have a phone anymore :/
"Paris is at her best in May." -- Sammy Davis, Jr.
"Every poet, in every line, makes two things clear: how to write; how to live." Glyn Maxwell via the always spot-on
high afffff but not as bad as lmao
Everyday I sit at my desk and can not wait to get home from work so I can study for the GMAT. Test date: Jan 18th it's not a game
Is thankful for her family by blood, her family of friends, & her family of Dames. Love you all very much. Happy Thanksgiving everybody!!!
Mandisa music marathon. LOVE her! please come to Missouri soon and bring & with you.
ready to rave tomorrow at #nocturnalwonderland with
en route to San Diego...i've missed the drive along the beautiful coast.
are you using the app version of Mapmywalk? Is it any good?
is starting spin class tomorrow at the crack of dawn
Retweet me and I'll retweet YOU!!!!!!!!!! Let's all be followers!!!!!!!!!! lol xoxo. i don't get on my knees pray!
have we had anyone out to investigate this for you?
no love for cena?
Now it a line
and myself 1st team USCAA All-Americans!!!! Feel it bro
Longest match ever today against park hill.
You guys rock! come back anytime!
Very Nice!!! No matter. We still love us some W&F
Wordle: "the gateway drug to textual analysis" - Jonathan Feingberg in Beautiful Visualization: Looking at Data through the Eyes of Experts
Twitter always crashes on my iPod. It's so freaking annoying.
Jack Dorsey, Executive Chairman and founder of Twitter, is in #Paris today -- we hope you're enjoying your visit, Jack!
Having dinner with friends and just spotted that Karina Smirnoff girl and Brad Penny. He's playing this year?
how is Mikey playing?
well probably not Jazmine bro
by the way...next poster needs to involve the rest of the "legs" pic on pg 2 of your liner notes ;)
I need more sleep ..<U+E13C>
Rocked the house last night with in our Computer Dinosaur show, thanks to and TNT!
hmm. why did i ever leave southern california?
Wow, exciting!!! Very happy for you.
Thanks Andrea! I checked they have A fine balance at the library. I placed a hold and gonna pick it up this weekend! Thanks...
okayy well schools out now so lets try again!
Obama to Parliament: "I am told that the last three speakers here have been the Pope, Her Majesty the Queen, and Nelson Mandela — which...
what the fuck. i hate my life. please just push me infront of a train.
guess what necklace i didnt get back?
Absolutely. We are diving heavily towards radio and podcasts to start and video is down the road.
Please follow me <3. Is my dream, please yo do come true #mahomie 5
Cheers to going crazy, what a great Bukowski quote.
Your show is Growing on me Wife still hates it
i dont want to get my ass out of bed! =(
Don't forget your non-perishable food items... Volunteers will be collecting your donations along the route to benefit Hunger Task Force!
CA if u want action. 30MOL if u want to lol alot.
Neal McDonough Says 'Captain America 2' Will Shoot At The End Of The Year & Hopes 'Nick Fury' Will Follow
Can we shut the f up about the 4/20 stuff already? It's really freaking old.
What are you doing next week? Come to our holiday meet & greet event at Edelman on Wednesday. Starts at 5:30 & registration opens in 24 hrs.
I think it might be #gotwet with all this rain
wants to congratulate for having the idea of the month in regards to #election night reporting! Ask him his idea
You were right! Full course caution due to a manhole cover comin off on turn 9!
Mark my words Pablo Dominguez. The Bulls will win. RT : Sounds like you just started watching sports! Sorry to hear that...
Reading an ARC of novel A GOOD AMERICAN by
Finished dinner, bed for Abel, then xbox for me =) leavin for PA tomorrow
#hideyokids from this guy RT: best part of work last night. making fun of a small child
Tired as hell
So yeah. The girl I was dating just stopped talking to me. No response to texts, no return phone calls, no response to fb messages.
Do you folks have a mobile library vehicle? Could be a true amenity in underserved communities.
seen u today at the Big House. You look right at home.
I wore the brightest shirt I own and had M&M's for lunch and I'm still not feeling it. I need some kind of #motivation .
it was great watching you be a part of history in Seattle this weekend! Keep crushin stud!
Know I have Bill The best repair(guitars)man in the Southwest!
RT : This is an important night for Kobe's legacy.
SOUNDS GOOD to ME!”)
5 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five!. Go Jollymen !!
Great message today!
Don’t miss today at #FoodArtsBBQ today from 4-7pm at Navy Pier!
Its Lunch time!!! Whats everyone having and are you sharing?
CNN using my post on my Facebook page video... Keeping cool in Portland on my series called "The Streets"!!!
The solution in Europe is not austerity, but to do away with the Euro let the national currencies float.
Phones, emails, and fundraising.... It is all coming together!
oh ok makes sense :)
thanks ru bang bang
My dream last nite was so crazy
One word: Inexcusable
Happy Valentine's Day Twitter Fam :-) Spread the LOVE
"Osama Bin Laden no longer walks this planet! Now that's what CHANGE is!" - Pres. Yes!
So incredibly grateful to all who have come out tonight--what an amazing experience!
Watch it. RT I didn't think I could anything could be worse than watching golf...and along came hockey. ;)
If you gonna reply with "K" "Oh" or "Yeah" I'm not replying to you. Those are the BIGGEST convo killers.
Having this weird itch to move to England. Too bad no $ so I can scratch it :-(
Ready for some change!
which one is you?
Merman. “: If Yu Darvish was a mythical creature he would be a Mermaid”
Good night, beautiful people! Not the ugly ones though.
hello everyone (;
should I #supportbruno ???
"We construct a multidimensional feature space..." gets me so excited!!
I can't look at another person bitching about what people put on Facebook.
Haven't been home sick for Cali in 5 years.. Maybe it'll pass.
Okay a quick two hour power nap before back to work
Only got 4 more weeks of school so now it looks like everyone is gunna be focused and actually care about it
lol! SO not the same effect as storming out in 4 inch heels. Ha!
Just got mauled breaking up a dogfight.
ALL I WANT FORCHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU TO NOTICE ME! NSN?
I miss having a snake..
Just tapped Wells Banana Bread Beer.
So yeah hacking my pooder head twitter and shit she went in on tht girl earlier smh i dont believe how petty she is though well nightynightt
well here's what 61 people and most have been waiting for my movie
nice to meet u
definitely don't deserve it but maybe I need to get em to sched family vacation w us!
Good luck dear. I'll truly miss you, , and so much (: <3
Have a handful of shirts to hand out, also looking to put more stuff out eventually
there's not gunna be NO MORE "jelena". says who? if I told ya, i'd have to kill ya. #shitjustgotreal, at lease for the "jelena" fans. bahha!
I'm not strongly for or against The Lorax Film. I'm an animator and it looks gorgeous. Kids can learn something from it, too.
Haters gonna hate...
Learning how to anonymize health records at #health2dev. Cool
follow me?(:
"Can I stay at your place? #NoHobo"
You are awesome and Please don't ever forget that.
Good Luck on the rest of your finals, love! :) <3
Wearing $4 shirt I bought at Walmart after spilling coffee on myself between school visits. Note, self: Throw away the cheap, shiny shirt.
thanks for following us!
Also, that shot of Megan's parents, Megan, Don and Sally was EVERYTHING.
and soon Emerald Lounge!
“: lecter just sent his track check my email bruh ... Not Yet!!
Your child has certain natural skills & you can help further develop those skills through the power of play with the right educational toys
#thatawkwardmoment when you realize you're the only one in the room who's not married or engaged.
Texting. Really hurts your. Hands ..or is it just me oweelp
I wonder how baby shopping is going?
Just saw the A CoopNews! Squeeee!
They dye is settling in!
especially cause bentley tries to fight everyone who didisagrees with him
Success is what I want I don't care if no one likes me God didn't put me here for them I have my own goals n dreams so do u n ima do me! 4-1
#SoBroke think i'm gonna sell my kitchen aid, and never been used crock pot
HE WAS OFFSIDES!
Thank u rushers 4 all u guys have done 4 me but bye just 4 get about me
Work is a 4 letter word after all! “: #tchra Podesta asking a couple of questions that silence the room ... #passion #purpose”
Just woke up. Rough night in the burg. I'm late for Wisconsin's practice. Bielema is gonna be pissed.
The Lincoln HIDs are attracting drivers irrespective of the kind of cars they drive
The Hops on Rye by Firehouse is a simply tasty IPA. Good for a Sunny Sunday.
Don't find love, let love find you. That's why it's called falling in love, because you don't force yourself to fall.<U+2665>
Suttin has good argument but I wonder to what extent Fundamentalist Antiliberalism derived from 1920s culture wars
how are you feeling?
Algae grown in deserts, cellular level repair and massive cheap, computational power - if we survive climate changes.
It was a funny comment. People need to get over themselves over a common term in fun.
Woke up and turned on to see Laughing my butt off is a great way to start the day!
Jeter is turning into an RBI machine. Girardi should take AJ out now so he can try to get his first win in Aug in 3 years. Pathetic
This color is looking good so far :)
Q2 How do you turn down the volume on the VCR speakers? (Turns out you can't.)
RT There is another freeze warning tonight. Bring those flowers inside.
Chillen at lumber liquidators waiting to some stuff... I guess it doesn't matter if you call and let them know you are coming to get it.
yes I will be in touch soon!
"Ticket to Ride" is a lot of fun! My house has a monthly game night & we play that & others! Game board geeks gotta stick together :)
OH at Pulp re: Jarvis: "It's as if Mick Jagger and Austin Powers had a baby."
I like 2 years for Finley. The guy is only 24 and now gets to prove he has decent hands without the Pack tying up $ in a long term deal
What is a "silver alert?"
I'm putting myself first . Honestly I just wanna be happy .
If the Lions could pick a game to take the suspension for Suh(like in MLB) today would have been the day
you didn't reply!
There's a hefty sized ball of stress growing in my tummy right now -ugh! I'm too Type A for my own good,.
“: Jizz!™ would be a great name for an energy drink.” like that idea. you've got spunk, kid.
The ceiling at Neiman Marcus, the art at Union Square, The food and jazz on Maiden Lane, I LOVE SF!!
No snarky comments from me lately, must mean you guys are doing a fine job at life. Or these Dr Scholls wrapped around my penis really work
Healthy skin and healthy body begin on the inside! A shot of Forever Aloe Vera Juice twice a day heals your body from the inside out!
way to tackle our midfield! Get your ass to Three Lions!
that's rude
hm....you appear to be lacking photographic evidence of my hijinks
He can always make me smile, no matter how bad of a mood I'm in. <U+E056>
It has just been one of those weeks- I've spilled 3 drinks (Luckily all missed my computer)... And then I throw out my back!
demoing lots of collaborative projects via media commons. Notes difficulty of collaborative work particularly when it doesn't 'count'
Don't dream it's over
#2012woman independent Sting minded Ambitious/driven Ain't nun like a woman with her own
Watching Tom & Jerry!! <3
Today's gift card winner is Michael Miller. Congratulations!
Done! Should our team name evolve into "Still Running for Cupcakes" or "Still Running Because of Cupcakes?" Ha!
"God takes away from us what is dearest to our hearts to remind us of what we took for granted" - Ethne, The Four Feathers.
That was so awkward....
that's impossible:)
I can't keep up with my mentions lmao. Calm down cool girl.
What did you think of American Idol tonight?
Heck yes! I told my mom and she's like.. Y'all are dumb! I think it's going to be a blast! We need a "Gone Fishing" sign!
“: I dont trust these bitches” say it again family! ha
nice picture lol
Looking for cheap flights to Washington DC in June. SLA, here I come.
punch that mother fucker in the face, they don't respect sleep like you and I
lol idk which one but they were all nice I'm glad u stay with good ppls
How are you
Pandora time till i doze off
Its goin down 2nite ! $2 wells before 11 and $3 tequila sunrises all night... video mixing the best in hip hop/R
Just acting :)
This period is going by so slow -___-
“: it's Mardi Gras uniforms.” makes sense now thx.
Bonjour et thanks for the mention!
If you have any yellow Pepsi bottle caps with Power Code votes, please send the codes to us at . They truly help a lot!
Jenni is awesome! Just ate at jenni's noodle house and had a blast. 3 locations. Go! Now!
Community Extra: Calendar
do u follow me
About romance in Paris: "You always have to wait until May before things start popping." ---- Vernon Duke, composer of "April in Paris"
Spring edition of our Reaching Hands newsletter is coming soon! To subscribe, please visit www.medicalteams.org/newsletter.
god lord. need to go dress shopping soon!!!
Think positive thoughts ---> a positive outcome will develop. I've tried it, it's true!
I would love to sit here and stan for KC all night, but I got shit to do…goodnight folks!!!
Aeyo havent heard from u n a minute!! :) #JbSWAGGIN OUT STILL
Thanks for the favoriting and the RTs.
Don't even THINK of asking me! Uh uh, no way, not gonna do it. :P
CANCELLED - Barry Manilow from the Kennedy Center Spring Gala due to "Scheduling Conflict" (Yeah Right!) he was replaced w/ Chaka Khan
wow, hunter got you really good today... that was hilarious
I'm not a big Spurs fan but that promo is sick
With Suggs' injury, maybe he could just Crawl So Hard next season. #i'mhilarious
ok ok ok already, i just nakeishanicole on twitter!
iHate When People Act Like They're The Shit But They're Not They Are More Like The Toilet Water :P
you're a small sample size.
New DP online :D
Happy St.Patrick Day:D This is my 100th Tweet!! Yay! :D
For there to be a REAL answer that does not harm some while trying to help others, consensual sex workers MUST be acknowledged!
so happy to see so many friends and eager to learn with at
The #London2012 #Olympics will feature the first ever integration of social media.
We're also now taking submissions for the blog so email us
yes I did! Next Weds. keep your fingers crossed!
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
Weekends here, 2-Day Sale available. Be sure to get your orders in before the sale ends. ;)
What she said >.< RT " I'd love someone forever if they bought me an okc jersey :o <33"
"The stark reality is that the people in the audience at most jazz concerts are either seniors or jazz musicians themselves, not new fans."
watch it
Just mounted the TV on the wall, set up the new DVD player and found I am missing one HDMI cable. ARRGGGH.
Congress, bought off? Shocking!
lmao "us, alone in the woods tracking a would-be killer. That's not African American"
that's awesome!!! Do yer stretches! XO
you still on ?
i love when people ask me what my favorite Chris Brown song is.. That's Easy! "Yo Excuse Me Miss"
Subscribing to my eNewsletter is now as easy as texting COACHBRU to 22828
Is it me or do Saturday drivers seem like Sunday drivers....MOVE!!!!
crazy stay over there
Now it is embarrassing
genocidal Lights is genocidal ;)
If they tell you dreams don't come true- don't believe. They do if one struggles!
Slow as molasses in January.
we want you here!!!
export faster!!
and that's the kind of president we need..to speak out about what us right for the sake of those he is serving
Forget Under Seige. There may be Big Trouble in Little China.
If Coach K does it too, does that make it right? No, just makes it standard procedure.
I'm still trying to find your austin mahone doll at the store(; lol
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW
oh yeah it's sense #dumbinbredracistdaddyfuckedmeasshoe.u can't understand cuz ur head is so far up #newtgringrich ass
who you know fresher then hov riddle me that
Classic, All-American Favorite Returns to Harborplace &amp; the Gallery - MarketWatch (press release)
"Light up your face with gladness. Hide every trace of sadness. You'll find that life is more worth while, if you just smile."
Can you at least but something nice for yourself- in lieu of pay? And put it on your husband's card?
i don't even care.. lol jk
Can anyone tell me why does it say bad request when I push on my twittes
Um...a big ass Margarita sounds good right about now.
Good morning! What's for breakfast?
I'll take mother nature over a gym anytime! :-)
I have full confidence you'll do it. I plan to help.
La vie de tata t enorme
Athlete guys >>
neither can we, one month to go!
RT : Went to St. Arnolds last night. Yummy food and tons-o-dudes! Thanks for the heads up. // Yay! So fun!
Potatos w bok choy, carrots and mustard greens. Yams x cinnamon and brown sugar. Getting better at cooking for food not bombs every week.
You too!
Everyone follow he is a great and very sweet guy
god I hope so. I wish the same even if they win...
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet. - Plato
im accually on my computer:D
Waking up at 4pm with a hangover must mean I had a great Saturday night.
I think you just type stop and hit send... ? Maybe?
Thanks! :) RT : Great job this morning & at the Media Breakfast!
Omg..Im With my family tiny and tylik:)
Nice! “: Huge win for #TULAX!! We trailed 11-6 but rallied to win 12-11 at Rutgers! 2-0 on the season, great job OWLS!”
Never have I felt the acronym "smh" to be more appropriate.
Take what you learned last night and the energy you felt, and apply it to your life. Help someone today & ask them to do the same
also, is still super hot. not debatable.
Since it's Friday the 13th and all, if you're worried about going anywhere tonight you could always just order Takeout or Delivery. :)
I heard...congrads! Working too...still at the same place
nothing much you? :)
about to go for my second workout. What are you doing
#MJtrial Murray verdict coming down within minutes. Watch it happen live on KTLA and Hear my explosive commentary.
Tell me you fuckin with Smack & URLTv next month g! Crazy ass battles comin up...
That's my life. I can assure you, it is exciting. That said, Crosby is still a bitch.
It's gray and rainy and I have math class later. But the Rangers are seven wins away. Thus, it could be much worse.
Won't it be fun to watch the Republicans as the vile French bring life back under Socialism? I hope I live long enough to witness it
careful with that. Don't will a baby into existence!
important day tomorrow!!! Good Night
OAH is in MKE and I wish I could be there too
Ah yes...a holiday with the La Tarts. I'd actually pay money to witness that. :-)
I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so I'm so bored frfr
RT : Heads up! Literally... there will be a B-2 Bomber Flyover today ! It's happening at 3:40pm!
Aww, thanks Matt. Lovely to hear.
Looking for cute sun hats for boys and girls for the store. Anyone make them? Any suggestions? Prefer made in USA.
The Draper family often upsets my emotions.
taking advantage of this beautiful weather??? has a beautiful secret back garden!!!
hi Jennifer I wonder if r are related !? Haha :)
I love 's mom.
This is critical to remember. It's easy to get discouraged when we don't "win" a state. We are winning.
Our page was on hatius for a min but we are back on track , go cop 's Album On Itunes NOW
Good Morning #SteelerNation. Just a few too many shots last night. But time to Move on. #Breakfast!!
My little sister just told me that she though they were called "Jewish Fish". LOL
Same here! Crazy isn't it? Hope you're having a great week so far!
well i love my hoe
A new year coming
isnt "kaner" still passed out on some dairy farm
i would pay the price of admission to see that.
"What did the pirat say when someone called him a name??? I know you ARRRrrrgh but what am ' aye?!"
Thank you everyone for an amazing year. I am so happy and lucky I have such great friends and family. Can't wait for 2012!
Lol sorry! Responding to your DM now(:
After staring at the ceiling, I decided to get up.. Oh Mondays...
tagalong cookie blizzard! what will they come up w/ next to foil my attempts @ healthy eating? maybe one with little debbies?
I <U+2665> my daughter; I <U+2665> my babe..you live with the choices you make in life bet your feeling real stupid now huh
: fb is great for long(er) form and for, well, sound. makes total sense. thanks for the insight!
Just get dropped off here tomorrow, what's pjs number??
My mom said that everyone in the family might be the ones on meds but I'm really the odd one ! Lmfao (:
We close more VA loans than anyone in New Mexico. Give us a call to find out how we can help you! (505) 836-5700
RIP Jr. Seau.
...Newt calls Mitt "Obama Light" Seriously? Am I reading something into nothing? Hm.
what's going with the login situations, this is crazy! Have ya'll fixed it?
Me:"hey give me the ball." Jesus: " no it's my ball it says my name on it, see WILSON." ha
Happy Easter :) God bless u all and remember wat Jesus has done for u...
Who's still up?!
Lets go Preds.
It's so true when they say "what goes around comes around"
Agreed! RT A sense of purpose can transform the mundane into the miraculous
Congrats!!!! Don't be nervous!! You're going to do great!!
#REsort #teamfollowback #happy #timeshare #owners #free of their #ownership get #referral and make
aww, she's adorable! Makes me miss my daughter too!
Prince Fielder- 611 ft bomb--
Yes, we can customize your QR Code with graphics. Ask me how!
Lots of people at Campus Martius Park in Detroit. Great seeing so many young people & families skating and enjoying Wonderfest in the city!
Holder: filibustered noms Goodwin Liu and Caitling Halligan "are qualified great people who would serve our nation well."
Oh no! Need someone to install your new one?
Did you see part about the whiskey :)?
It should be illegal to go to work before the sun rises.
Girls that smoke >>
yo Charlie what happened to that winning last night? Me and Bosh were like two goddesses takin care of Jones, Bibby and Damp
107.9 is the most insane shit sometimes, weirdly into the bullying, assholeish tone of this 'biblical christian' bro
still experimenting w/ G+ :) trying to use it more so I can get a better feel for it.. lots of things I wish would change, but nice overall
Please take a look at the tweets I posted to concerning MicroCell and Uverse.
I kinda feel like I'm already loosing my tan. :/
yeah it was a last minute thing...my bad
so awesome to.see you at the BC!!!!!!
this nigga served me some weed with seeds. that shit dont fly in L.A.
Did you still need photos from my wedding for tanya's website?
Still the funniest line of the night "Charlie the only reason you're on tv is b/c God hates Michael J. Fox" LOL!
Hallo mahomies (: how was your day?? ^^
RT : OH: "SOA governance means getting everybody to drink the juice"
RT if you're a grad student and twitter is the closest you come to having a "social life"
yup lol I lived there when I was younger
Amazing. I mean, seven years is forever on these things. I'll let you know what I find out.
$2/pbr pounders.hot chickiepoos already here..Jakes slinging like a pro.stop down tell Jake his beard is fluffy get a pickle shot for $2.50!
Greg Paulus is proud of that Mike Miller flop.
On 11:11 I just wished that all you jaded ppl stop wishin for fame&wealth
So cool! RT Got selvedge? Totes for Just need to cut em out & add some leather...
Ask a Mexican on Wrought-Iron Fences and the Meaning of "Illegal" Dear Readers: The Mexican doesn't want to take this week off but has to
Good morning everyone, it's saturated!
Your site has a message popping up advising that it may be unsafe. What do you keep referring to?
Happy, happy Birthday, Janet! Love that its truly excellent!
Merry Christmas guys!! Miss you and hope your having a great day!!
I could not disagree with this decision more, limiting speech at funerals should not = a violation of 1st amendment.
thank you for the #FF. appreciate it.
you can follow me on twitter
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy Michael Jackson was Thriller!
There's a sign on my dick & it says "help wanted". .
it is a great job, just don't want to move and then struggle financially because I am the only income until my wife finds a job
if u a female, dont say yo pussy grade a material cuz apparently you have let every nigga that breathe hit so bitch yo failed to an F
soo watd u think of my neighborhood life? Lol
How to be followed and a good quote from me!!!?:) first : follow And follow me then tweet or message me "DONE". N check:)!
Thanks for the mention!
“ Everything I'm not made me Everything I am”
follow back?:)
that's great. Where can I get one?
A week doesn't go by where I don't see something on fb makes me say "What the fuck?!?"
My boss is being really #sassy today. I love it!!
2nite its gonna be crazy inside holdin it down...arrive early!!!
"Bitties and brews kush and Coach"
RT 80% of people check their cell phones/Twitter just as soon as they wake up.
SUCK IT OSAMA BIN LADEN!!!!
The leader works in the open, and the boss in covert
We Have New Dresses!!! Over 150 new dresses arrived in the past 2 days.. So exciting!
Employees at a 99 Restaurant in Foxboro rushed to save a 73-year-old man who was having a heart attack.
Fox News asked their readers if newspaper endorsements affect their view of a political candidate. 71% answered, "No, I form my own opinion"
Omg, you do sound like Vin Diesel!!!!!!!!!
had a blast... Great to see u too! Nice pic with Carrie.. Who does ur lighting?
sounds like a sore loser there.
what's a postcard on twitter?
Channel your genius to be, do and have all that you desire. What do you want to Be?
good luck
Today's MOCA specials: Soup of the day is Tortilla Soup. Sugar Free Lemonade is Pineapple Coriander.
Who owns the training function in your organization?
Little orgasm sounds coming out of your mouth when you're looking at Vinny's new photos!
I have decided, somewhat counterintuitively, to avoid caffeine until finals are over. It is my hope that this will prevent me from exploding
You can say that again RT Love makes you do silly things
so how do we do that?
remember your like in 7th grade I'm in 10th. [°0°]
Just got hired for a new job and will be building a website for the Rose Island Road marina! Exciting stuff!
I can't sleep. Ugggggggg we got skool morrow great...
Good question. I listened to it, now I'm telling everyone about it.
Baltimore's own Mark Texeira hit Yanks 2nd home run
Good morning all! It's a lovely day in my neighborhood. Looking forward to whatever comes up. Aren't you?
Woah, really? MT : 50 million Americans haven't read a book in the past 12 months. Via
need to hit the studio nolie if ppl heard my voice they would be signing me but if u dnt have the money its hard # SMH
Evelyn, shsunie, Suzie should have checked tami and told her she was wrong
Good afternoon everyone...
3 more outs to close this out and get that W
Follow another great radio station supporting local music
Lord thank you for this day .. Thank you for your continuous blessings..
Cupcake time!
Loved the dress you wore at WhiteHouseCorrespondentsDinner and that was a cc:
The Tigers take Game 5 and it's back to Arlington.
Report: Justice Dept. Threatens Apple, Publishers With Price-Fixing Lawsuits
I'm embarrassed that you just did that.
Hey Bro, when is your party again?
That isn't grounds for douchbaggery. If he yells, "Sox Rule!" when Bs score, that is douchey.
Well this is working out well...
you got me laughing so hard
Just updated a whole mess of grades. The rest of the papers get a chance to fly to the southernmost state in the continental US tomorrow.
Sick disturbed scum bags? Just guessing.
#GoTribe Give me a tribe....I wanna go in on em:...talk shit all day...m good at it...
We are watching your #supercommittee we demand you represent the people.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME :]
Destiny's Child! lolol Beyonce!!! :D
It looks like these Amazon deals are fluctuating as the day goes on. Some deals may expire soon.
It's Ova Knick fans!
whatever owns helper droids and so do I so were effed
I hope you have a greate day! Peru loves you!
Brian, come check out pdx some time. You want to see the Mecca of green living.... This is it!
Wow, the brown line is a hot mess this morning. Delays all the way from Southport to Sedgwick...
Drinks: locally made, globally inspired. Huge congrats on by my boys & Find it at
spray painted abs
Late flight rationale: I'd struggle with two mornings that early in a row. Not enough caffeine in the world.
I'm ambivalant atm to it but slightly worried as all these lil changes could add up to a messed up overall plotline.
Hahahahahahaha! Just got done watchingg one of 's videos! Hahahaha omg remember at school ? ! Some funny shit! :)
Which crew are you rooting for this entire season? :)
We offer fast turnaround of raffle tickets or raffle books for organizations that are holding fund raising events.
My boss , just now: "There's nothing we can do right now that's painless." Friday afternoon at the office...
Unidos pot Los derechos de cot antes e immigrants...
hope your surgery is going well ! Praying for you
I try 2 stay strong but u know how it is gurl... Sometimes shit jus gets 2 ya! I appreciate ur words thank u! :)
Excited to visit on my trip to New Orleans this upcoming week.
Chris Carter starts off the 9th with a home run... 1 down 6 more to win! GO
This chick just had the oddest booty with cheetah leggings and no panties lol im shaking my head haha
SO proud of my husband for booking his 2nd film since we got back to LA. Two auditions and two books! Pretty great odds! :)
Sea Food...Shrimp...no freaking way! My food needs to moo, oink, or click!
Don't!!!! RT : I'm afraid to look at that pic
XMcorp and VEGASLOL.FM Merger! FINALIZED... THIS WILL CREATE THE LARGEST STREAMING MEDIA COMPANY ON THE WEB WITH A COMBINE REACH OF 1B
Billy would be proud.
Ahh, behold the possibilities of a new garbage bag.
me: i will heath . * then heath muisca plays'*
Ransome Reunion Band at Newark Palace Theatre rock! Really good night to celebrate twinning!
wait i already asked you huh? xD my bad, you're broke -.-
People Born With A Veil Over There Face Take A Strong Liking To Me....If U Dont Know What That Is Do Ya Research....
gave birth to a true little rockstar who did great tonight
Heading to work for another busy day
Glad to hear it Send an email with your interest and we'll be in touch.
According to : Police have safely located Jessica Salinas and her infant. Murder Suspect Edgar Salinas-Leal is still missing.
#nowreading Alistair Horne, The Price of Glory. Verdun. Dark, dark stuff
Hm. Wish I could throw our family of six and all those lemonade refills at ya! Good luck. You'll do great.
#Boise #State BCS hopes are dashed up thanks to OT loss to
i want the link :) thats crazy
ambitious girl
“: That's because u need the Mexican Siri...Seleña! Lol”
thanks dude!
"D.R.A.M.A. = Dumb Retards Asking for More Attention."
Haven't downloaded that one yet, but I'm looking forward to it. China Mieville is great.
OK, hail. This morning there was so much hail on the road I could barely see the lines. Sunshine by the time I arrived. Now more hail.
At the Cornel West speaking engagement, enjoying an insightful fellow.
Good luck at Semi-State tomorrow, marchers! Let us know how it goes!
Everyone needs to be on the lookout for 's "Musuem" which is dropping a week from today. ((Elev8TheGame))
I really can't be responsible for anything my husband says on social media. cc/
Why talj when people don't care or listen? Do you!
Nice. Doing my taxes used to be easy. Now it's complicated.
Cuz that how a Big Boss do it...Oh Yea!!
RT : Congrats on Even the Rain opening night Share some q&a highlights from actor Carlos Aduviri!...
thy pretty much how my entire day goes. I'm currently a TA got Anatomy and I'm sitting here on my iPod while they dissect cats xD
yuck & yes RT 2 weeks & no response from any1 else hate horrible customer service?
RT : Leaders who pride themselves on expertise & intelligence often struggle to acknowledge their flaws & learn from peers.
This should be fun. The National College Comedy competition is here in Portland. We're at Helium Live on KGW.
Got the best fans! Got the best crew! Got the best family<3
I see what I want...the prob is the bitches around the fly trap! I'm a bee in my trap
RT : #COMinaDay has 7 hours left! I'm really hoping someone re-enacts the Mary Tyler Moore hat toss in front of COM.
bra its only been a week bahaha but yeah that's too long lol
Lol! I love that song, too! :) “: I can't help but hum "Wells Fargo Wagon" every time I wait for the UPS man!”
Won't never do shit for anybody else until they show me they are willing to do the same for me
Yes I'm in love with you. Yes my heart's broken too. Because I can only see us in my dream.
At the dentist. They just numbed half of my mouth. And I can't stop laughing. Lol.
| Thanks for a great lunch yesterday!
/ got your groupies coming for me . . . defly cant handle your own ! CAN YOU !!!! lol
Good morning! Oh, it's Friday? Lol
I love you so much I voted a million times for you <3 I'm Gunna miss you on the voice :/ !
Yo! It's 2012. No on flights out of Denver? What gives? Flight home just went from potentially exciting to nap time.
ditto for me. Soon!
I feel like I've done some good work, but not much to show. I have articles, & I've started writing, but just a couple pgs.
Goanna take a nao then drivers Ed later(:
Heard that. Top three switch hitter of all time and did it without the roids.
Activists from #MA and across the country are in Detroit today for GE's shareholder meeting. Follow #fairshareGE for updates!
gonna get in my time machine. by time machine i mean hot tub
oh blimey yes. If only we had won that. Now have to try to beat City who are far better going forward than Chelski innit.
Excited 4 at #wmpitchit. As someone licking my wounds from a startup on hold, I hope he talks about learning from "failure"
yeah. I love him a lot<3
Smh.. So now I can't usee the word Y.O.M.O cuz it bathers people.. Lmfao.. Like wth is my life. U can't control it..
A person that truly loves you will never let you go no matter how hard the situation is.
DatPiff and Hulkshare. I'm mobile so I can't pull out any links.
Frosted flakes >>>>>
I am the captain of the 106.1 crawfish eating team. Sunday at deanies. If it is not too late, would you be interested?
Well time to start studying
TODAY & the Underdawgs LIVE at Louisiana Music Factory (210 Decatur) at 6pm.
PETS AS BOMBS: Al Qaeda bomb-maker Ibrahim al-Asiri’s life mission s… Why do Muslims mistreating their dogs?
water chestnuts
Im so bored right now, I could punch myself in the face. Um.
How long does a harp stay in tune? About twenty minutes, or until someone opens the door.
Is anyone using to document this spring's NM Primary #NM2012?
Where's he work? Y'all missed a great show!
The people in your dreams are real faces of real people you have met during your life that you may not remember.
Thanx bro..hope U r having a gr8 weekend RT : Congrats!
Morning Folks! Lets get high off somethin!
in us KMSL so player wat we should do to clean up?
I think we should also walk around in giant bubbles masking danger. RT : Lady Gaga - 'Bullying must become illegal'. Yes dear.
Can you sign my bracelet or sunglasses? :)
And while we are at it should liberalize immigration rules- welcome ppl “: US should offer asylum to Chen Guangcheng and family”
All these papers are coming through as rejects and I have to keep denying then through until I get a confirmation paper saying ok
Why is there no PloS One for the Social Sciences?? Is there any interest in such a thing?
I missed Jack White on snl... Fuck
it wouldn't be if you ever invited me on PS3 bro, lmao.
Where are you love? having HH in Texas with hot sauce?
haha okay i will and thats good to hear :)
“ Lol, she said ya'll gonna hold her back when she try to dip before the tornado come.” Lmaooo hell yeah smh
The mouth is the gate of evil. <U+53E3><U+306F><U+798D><U+3044><U+306E><U+5143>
FAD was great. That music video for what a catch is depressing though.
hm, let me guess...
Extra, extra! Read all about it! is extending until August!
have no idea where l'm going tho.
1 hour until Coach Dunn and the Women tip off against Belmont in ASun Tournament! Time to do Work!
DAMNIT AMAR'E IF YOU MISS TIME BECAUSE OF THIS...JUST...UGH.
I have no motivation.
actually I do eat.. :-) and ok.. Imma go to ur hood tomorrow night if ur not busy being a skank
“: My dude: "jesus, are u trying to blow my speakers with that new song?" Me: "Yes."”
Im in love with my bed, but my alarm clock wont let us be together.
Systems & design thinking for the new normal in economics, education & more for the next two weeks. Welcome back to the grind.
don't be it's fine.
Perfect, hol dat down for me :) RT : I was cleaning my room and I found you YEARBOOK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what's going on?
Kyles in my testing room :o Lol everyones here
if ur teaching the first row fans, don't forget to make sure they DO get in the way of the opposing team... (i.e. the d-bags fan)
Hence why I put Co-.
Up the hill a little bit, to a bigger space without leftover dental equipment. Still in Pasadena. And yes you are invited!
heyheyhey i love you guys <3 wanna be my best friends ?? <3 im crushin on chirs ;/
Studying can be draining, but break is almost here! Good luck on finals everyone
Yeah! Some days I feel like I'm right on the edge of that... Instead of feeling good about what I do I feel like I didn't do enough!
Refs are letting them play in the SuperDome tonight. UK v. kU a blue battle
I can imagine! But I'm sure you can find a community of people interested in acting just like you. (:
"A great library contains the diary of the human race." — Address on Opening the Birmingham Free #Library, George Mercer Dawson
Just switched my Auto to Between and Journey marketing campaigns, it was inevitable.
Enjoying some one-on-one time with the staff of Wichita Ob-Gyn Associates this morning.
suh has to get at worst 3 games no pay
I drew that of a couple days ago.
You finished it! I want to read it too when I get a chance. I gave it to my niece for Xmas 2010.
Without JESUS, I would be on a path to destruction. <U+2665>
It's gonna be an expensive day
omg you do?? thats te first time i have ever heard that from a boy. you guys are too sweet and you make me smile
great video!
She's fun,but not as useful as she appeared at first glance. I got maximum mileage from including her in my punisher deck
looking to get into the Christmas spirit? come to the PCO concert tonight w/Peabody-Hopkins Chorus feat. Bach & Tchaikovsky's Nutcracker 8pm
CANT FUNCTION
Trying to find a way, or a golden nugget, to incentivize faculty to make relevant decisions on blending tech into teaching. Money? Awards?
Pretty sure Marcum has pitched himself out of the WS starting rotation. Geez, can he get anyone out?
Tuesdays were so great this season! Thank you to our live hosts and Candice Brain, and to our crew!
He becometh poor that dealeth with a slack hand but the hand of the diligent maketh rich.
If one sychronized swimmer drowns do the rest all have to drown too?
Can't believe take a look at me now is number one on the Get Hot 30 chart. Thailand goes hard! -- Greyson Chance ()
cant wait for brand new MEST to come out... Been a while!!!
In written statement, said Mourdock needs to support bipartisanship to accomplish anything as legislator
depending on the body language
Eating Oreos.
Finally getting my hair done :))
Embarking on a snowy city hiking adventure. Scheduled stops: Cheesman Park, , City Park, food on 17th.
Learning to resist stress, pt. 2.
finally read your latest blog post. You deserve to be the best Yoni you can be. We will all surely benefit from the "next release."
Community + Enthusiasm + Tremendous Value = What ever you want in Life
It has everything--technologies of display, South Africa, and a ridiculous name!
"Stupid people are boring"
cant' wait until brings his Double Double to Kentucky. Look forward to that day. Until then stay healthy and work hard
Ok. I'm ready are you?
The major android mobile phone accessories :-
Brad Hand gives up his first hit in the 5th
he's making himself look like a loser
Follow me on Twitter (:
Big Thanks and HUGE WELCOME to Lauren DiMarco! She joined the Skulk this week! <3
definitely Mozarts, but will have to really put it to the test when I move there - will be frequenting Austin Java too
yes indeed. I needed a great concert workout. #insanity with
Cushman Wakefield Thalheimer, Faison and Southeast Apartment advisors all hiring; salaries are higher for acct/analyst than expected.
Chatted with a few special people today! Loved it! Hope your enjoying the holidays! I'm sharing time with my hubby! LOVE HIM!...
Shredding my bracket now. Thanks Mizzou. Singing: When 15 beats a 2 and it's me whom they screw, that's Missourrrriiii.
Text G5 to 22442 to vote Kris Boyd's goal as Goal of the Week!!!
Time's Person of the Year drum roll please....... Bernanke
Get the good stuff. and are all available for your lunchtime delivery.
Transcoding, syncing sound, looking for post crew. Have 4 scenes edited so far! Woo Hoo!!
...about to do the ING half in Atlanta in a couple of hours
Becareful. They will block you...I guess they didn't want to play with me...
Any time! great read!
Merry Christmas to you and yours!
Just found out my MOM is reading shades of grey.
Did you know IE7-8 supported :first-child, but not :last-child? Last-child is finally supported in IE9.
Sounds great! Will do.
True dat! RT : getting to go to the group run is my valentines day gift. What more could a guy ask for?
great movie
thanks girl! It was great!
good morning Juicy
All this fame for me. About freaking time.
Kudos to Nick and Anaheim North for making good out of a poor situation. First class!
floating. Pool, lake, river, or ocean will do.
nycfurby its not macros, i literally cant let lp+lk be throw, or mp+mk be focus. it wont let me set 2 buttons to it. it wants just 1.
RT : No matter budget, consistent output & producing as good (or better than) your customer expected will
Congratulations to Robinson Cano, the second Yankee not on steroids to win the Home Run Derby.
YES! RT look of disgust on 's face when one of the judges gave a critical remark about Driver was priceless.
Blink 182, I thought you already had a final tour! What, am I sayin, they need some kind of retirement plan!
Definetely had to be reminded that I puked last night.
Portland Police: Man in officer-involved shooting near Pioneer Place this morning is dead. No officers injured. Man was armed.
I'm on your side all the way!
Should I start writing in a journal since I don't have a laptop to travel with? Probably
fell in sand & got it stuck to him xDDD
A man may fulfill the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer or attempting a task he cannot achieve.
Happy Birthday Phil! RT : #FF & Happy Birthday to an awesome chap, !!
Watching the Knicks and Hawks!
too funny, i'd like a pic of that sir. goggle goggles is a facial recognition app. c:
that means I'm comin over
Maybe they're an anti. I don't understand why anyone who was a fan of U-KISS would insult other kiss mes like that.
it'd be cool if they did. maybe I'd be able to hear it if i turn off my fans and my music and listen REAL close...?
How Yu Like That ? :p .
"you know in the league, a left handed pitcher at SS during BP would get fined 2 grand"
wow! Very nice!
Leaving Toronto and its just starting to rain. Seems like life is getting back in sync.
Its gonna be weird next year without all my old friends around :/
you're so lucky!<3 I'm happy for you. (:
CONGRATULATIONS!!!! I can't wait to meet that lil cutie!!
you make me so proud! I knew you had a hidden talent. #miss burp
Oh, cool.
what? :D
Goodnight :o tired as fuck!
Thanks so much for the wonderful deluge of birthday well wishes! xoxox It was so nice to hear from all of you! :D
Is a sweet girl! Stop The Hate!
Better take that whack shit to WYCO!
Here's my facebook page. Someone told me this is the cool, happening new thing to do, so here goes.
What I love is that all three girls are naturals on stage! They are all so comfortable! :)
I became a producer of the #LemonadeDetroit project as a tribute to the memory of #DavidBlair. His contribution to the film was inspiring!
I prefer plain old #JavaScript over #jQuery. I'm curious how common this is amongst coders?
BTW, the #obau / #osf media team is on our way to #chicago. On the bus now!
BEDROOM SETS $ 795- Q BED+DRESSER+MIRROR+1 N/STAND !!! HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
no, that's not emilio you're looking at, it's his disgusting drug addicted brother charlie, lol.
yeah he sounded a bit rusty tonight. Perhaps, my love can fix that.
Being barefoot >>>>>
making home-made tomatillo soup for lunch. be jealous.
what up
Thanks, Kevin!
LOVE my new Mac Book Pro too, it's the BEST!! I don't think I can ever go back to a PC :o)
dude I want to cos chemistry makes me want to commit :p
#FF Have a wonderful weekend!
Pink berry is pretty aggressive.
Well fought game Panthers! Panthers split 1-1 tie with Marquette
wow same here
Campus is downright spooky today, it's so quiet. What are your summer plans?
Puppy Day will occur during first period, report to first period for attendance and you will then be called down.
Errands with miss amanda.
RT Woke up wit a smile on my face(:
has some advice for America's #unemployed: there's always work available 4 moving statues!
Not generally 1 for mailing lists, I love being on the 1 for I love free undies coupons in the mail & bday undies.
wow nice! “: Someone in the neighborhood is practicing cello. decided to spend the evening on the deck with glass of wine, reading
Our phone bank team reports many "yes" commitments for Otis. And people are calling their friends. Will you do the same? We can win!
im in such a bad mood, i want to live with my aunt holly, fuck everyone here.
Tune into TiffinBeats Radio This Saturday for a Special Guests on our Show, Guess who? =]
What is your best method for memorizing copy? Sides? Speeches etc.?
that's right!
Big online tournament for gears of war 3 coming up in june. America vs europe, duking it out for 5gs in the top 4. Long live GEARS OF WAR!!!
So great! I bet you are ready, clumsy feet and all. Good luck my friend.
Ran into Nick Sgambelluri, one of my old classmates this morning coming into the office. It is awesome to see fellow classmates kicking ass.
i will(:
Woohoo what is this sexy new book that came in the mail? Could it be Writers in Retrospect?
dammit. Still that doesn't quite have the feature set I was thinking about.
Movies during class >
Stay up till 3am packing last night - and I think we're almost done hahahhaa jk jk
Sin is everything that Jesus is not.
I hope the Golden Globes bar is good because the stuff at the tables never looks like something I'd want.
#GWU, Lower prices for chicken wings at the metro diner! Now get 7 wings for only $6.49
(sigh), well, I GUESS, if you're twisting our arms...
well I'm missing London! Come out and say hi!
thanks for the follow! I love to read and review YA so I hope you enjoy the reviews.
worth noting however that Hy-Vee, Community Pharmacy also have similar programs. I refer to them whenever possible!
that's fucking nasty
I know it's difficult. I've been single for 2 years but I'm not giving up. Don't let anyone bring you down cuz you're strong
who are these friends that don't go with you to Caps games?
thanx & for the follow- have a fantastic day!
I WisH soulja A Follow Me Back
lol its true
Thanks for watching. When are you in Miami again?
Think like a man.. Love my women! .... She gives it to me so good
Goin to hit ramps with dangler
Bishes marry football/basketball players 4 that lifestyle & then want 2take a brotha 2court 2get paid when tha man no longer want their ass!
I have fine hair, so I try to keep as much up there as possible. Ha ha ha
#NoManShouldEver watch Twilight
So close yet so far away.
thank u...lol
thanks for tweets this week!
did you tell her?
I always miss the nice people. Sue me.
RT- u got haters, good that means u stood up for something in life-Eminem
Love you so much!!! You're so cute!!! Please follow<3333
ah have fun!!!! Can't wait for our
If a tree falls in the woods is there someone to take offense and blame it on the other political party?
Sprained my ankle. Missed it. SO BUMMED!!!!! See y'all on Monday though!
$24 gets you one month of unlimited group mat pilates, yoga & cardio classes at East Village Body Shop @ www.buywithme.com on 8/18/2011!
I tanned to a ashy brown, but the bottle said it would be light golden. WTF?! Last time I check this is not golden
not you c:
pumping iron haha
goodmorning(: why r u up so early?
Both are key. RT : Re: New FB brand pages: "Social proof is key to winning new customers and increasing loyalty."
That's pretty damn sad!
What was the name of the space you were talking about Columbus, OH?
Cheers for Carnival Of Rust....beautiful!!!
will be hanging out tonight to see
In this year's drafts thats not a terrible idea, even Arian Foster and AP aren't real standouts versus Charles, Rice.
What many do not realize many of these crimes have the potential to be felonies.
not to mention the "fashion"
Good morning!
ey mam I got money for Friday already so try to give ur sat
goodmorning every1! I <U+E022>u 43ver in life never forget bout me ~mahomie4everinlife~ I luv u <U+E106>
w00t!! We work fast around here:-)
I need a charger y'all! HOOK ME UP WIFF ONE !
when in doubt, have a martini.
Holy Cow! I'm 36 tweets from 40k?
My fellow teacher just gave me a Argentinian comic book called Condorito de Oro.
Just saw video of me in postal worker outfit 's stamp out hunger event. Look like that character from "Cheers". Sadly,Norm.
I am at the Education Revolution Conference with Mike Chalupa in Portland.
“ It takes a lot of EFFORTS to make people LIKE you, but it takes only 1 single mistake for them to HATE you”
Haha yes! You have to show that you've been raised by a King and Queen to be Prince charming :)
I won't be at Internet Librarian for 2012 but probably in 2013.
Yeah...as much as i love that stuff, I can't look at it. Get so filled with envy that I can't stand it! Not healthy...!
I believe in his Method-esque devotion to a 'role'. This would be a more long term one, but a role none the less.
call Rodney lol
Money comes from people. When you have the right people skills, you'll succeed beyond your wildest imagination!
Jus walked outside n got attacked by a highly poisonous greenish grayish brownish southern battle toad. But i shook him.
I NEED WEED.
Tomorrow at work is going to be rough but so worth it
my mom is okay with it cus she's a directioner but the problem is my dad :/! i hope i'll go
I miss hearing your southern twang whilst you are drunk on mic. So tonight I will speak in your accent while drunk <3
That was a long day
Wow that's a lot of stretch!
Great chat with AN AMAZING individual, check out the latest from the spring collection!!
“: soo many concerts and soo little money. le sigh. fangirl problems :l”
Count me in!
Thank you--so glad to hear your dinner went well.
I Couldn't Stay After, I'm Way Too Tired. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Faith is the strength by which a shattered world shall emerge into the light. ~ Helen Keller
I bet people who back into parking spots are the sort of people who like to over-complicate everything.
Jamin to Justin bieber with and
Never ever. RT : Usher's Confessions CD will never get old.
repeat for bout a hour
#GossipGirl I'm so happy my guilty pleasure is BACK! If it's wrong to love this show I don't want to be right!
“: FiGHT DAY is my favorite day man. Psyched for this one!! Thanx WTF would I do with out you guys!” let's go Bones!
I feel single but in a relationship is that normal ? lol
The #Heat have there eyes on a PG, Jarrett Jack & Daniel Gibson look perfect #NBA please SUBSCRIBE to www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87
okay, was gonna retweet this but you have the dumb thing locked
Home with my Honey & no kids! Wow, will miss them later...(!) God Bless Nanna for watching them -
It is highly probable that I will fall asleep sitting up today.
Does anyone even realize I'm online..?
lol so now she wants to fight me outside of school. greeeaaaattt, im not looking for another fight, this one wasn't even supposed to happen
Pettitte had allowed several times during 08 congressional deposition he might have misunderstood
Join us for this free webinar with Dan Zarrella, social media and viral marketing scientist and author of The Social Media Marketing Book
Be sure to follow our friends They want to promote indie flicks, bringing film fans the news they WANT!
Exited for covering tomorrow! Now only if was hosting those too!!
many many thanks for last night! Crowd fine ;) much fun had. Meeting up would be ace. Wanna join ? x cc
Liked Limitless, very cool
yeah we usually stop growing at around that lol
There is a midget winning on wheel of fortune. I keep laughing about that.
The Wonder Years was my show...can netflix get any better?
#AAS3rdcentury Glad I'm not the only one.
Why do they talk so much at graduations?! Sheesh<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
thank you for absolutely killing it!
Not my words I just picked 'em up off paper & spoke 'em. ;-) Read was a way 2 exercise delivery/interpretation of script.
But "Falling Slowly" is THE best. Pandora is doing you a favor putting it on repeat :)
Reading "Fat Girl" by Judith Moore, a memoir by someone who openly mostly hated herself. Postscript says she died right after publishing it.
Be so good at what you do that you always have the option to go down the road
fell off the curb leaving campus tonight. huge cut in my hand and scraped my knee and hit my head blah
Home...dress should be here by tomorrow :)...hmm what to do now?!?
I think the panel needs a young female college/HS student to hear about the real story of cyberstalking
I think you just answered your own question there
I got a free PBR from the Hot Rails by way of Ted's Beer Delivery Service. Thanks!
I am wearing a tank top today. I LOVE San Diego!
When a train goes through a tunnel and it gets dark, you dont throw away your ticket and jump off. You sit still and trust the engineer.
The best thing about #sytycd tonight? as a guest judge. LOVE.
Remember, the things He did 2000 years ago, He is still doing. He never changes!! www.imawitness.com
My friends are crazy talented. Just sayin.
Wait I thought that was Thelma & Louise ==> I think that's one you love or hate. For me, the car going off the cliff sealed it
guess Wat......? I took a poop n it felt GOOD..! Lol
AWFUL!! “: #LiesThatAlwaysWorked Naw Boo, that's just my friend. They like a brother/sister to me....”
*audible groan*
it means you're going to have a beard. It'll be white and bushy and all the kids are going to try and sit on your lap.
Makes me miss London. Have a great day!
RT : The SD Museum Council is following our lead & offering FREE admission to kids 12 & under at 24 museums in...
Is so ready
: we gotta movement popping in mesa
Nobody throws away my fucking Eddies. It's like crack to me and I'm going through withdrawals now
#Follow Me ^_^
Clayton Kershaw will receive his CY Young award tonight.
you are adorable in your little graduation outfit. AND THE TEARS STREAM DOWN MY FACE!!!
My head hurts. :'(
Sandusky is a creepy guy
yes sir, noone will ever understand our relationship ever again
Do you work tomorrow? I was gonna see if you could cover my shift? Or switch shifts?
Spending the day indoors and #amreading Nicolas Guillen.
hard not to imagine what an experienced lineup would have put up by now- 7-8 runs at least.
That guy is wrong about EVERYTHING. Don't these people know about second opinions?
Anyone wanna come over and put my comforter back in the duvet cover? *shaking fist*
Lord let your anointing fall fresh upon us...
Fuck I'm still up and I've gota wake up at 11
Looking for somewhere to go tonight..... HELP
I'm glad your ok Hazza.we all know ur strong and at some point it happens to all singers. We love you! You guys were great!
Happy Friday everyone, have a great weekend!
No, it does not :)
best hangover musicc
Uniforms strolling, Blue Angels screaming. Must be Fleet Week in S.F.
“: WTF is that!” The spot!!! Thurs-sun say Jm at the door they'll hook u up. Want me to pick u up at airport? <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A2><U+2708><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0086>
Could you please re-post but with our new handle ? Thanks!
That sounds yummy!
I've lived in the hood all my life but a stranger to the finer thangs!
If you're not famliar with Brio, know this: it is the worst and most useless reporting tool known to mankind. P.S. I hate Brio
I am almost all yellow, with red thrown in for good measure.
RT : "You can tweet but not text me back?!" STFU they don't want to talk to you.
Schools almost out = weekend mine :)
My eyes hurting -__-
As Cramer liked to say, "the cat's outta the baaagggg."
Don't worry. Im sure as soon as u post those songs on youtube a producer will come running @ ur door :-)
#theolddays nick tv "figure it out"
THATS WHY I LIKE IT
Stoked to go pay 5 dollars to park at the gym thats a pain in the ass to get to. Really pumps me up.
I watch young and the restless so I could care less about the brett favre saga!
last day of classes tomorrow
"Big shot. Huge shot." Stevens on Andrew Smith's three
of course, it was all aboot the prOcess
I had a ham an cheese sandwich yum ^^
RT : Please don’t buy my novels til you read free sample chps 1st! Not the trad epic fantasy so it might not be your cup of tea.
Who is watching the NFL Draft?! Who do you think the #Niners #49ers will pick?!
Thanks, Troopswap for the wonderful deal to Urban Evolution in Alexandra. My son is here having a wonderful time. What a great deal!
Morning training sessions complete ! Time to put some food in this stomach! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
No android app?
Only a few more days left of #DiningWkMke! Don't forget to fill out a survey to win more than $1,000 in dining certificates.
lol. who u going in on over their ?
bah…I hadn't gotten TwitterSpammed in WEEKS but it seems like the slutbots are out in full force again :-/
Tweet Me Maybe?ILY<U+2661>U MeanTheWorldToMe!
My life? Justin Bieber. My inspiration? Justin Bieber. My world? Justin Bieber. My everything ? Justin Bieber.
Even labor leaders like said every signature should be counted. MC would have paid for it.
lol oops My bad. N I want too! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
"Like Justin Bieber"? NEVER HEARD THAT.
Enjoy London. Appreciate your tweet. :)
Is Adam Mayes dead or not? Stop playing news media.
Phenomenal game
I like to think of him as the Emeril of academia. But Trump is good too.
Mets will finish last this season, David Wright will be traded sometime in June, Mets dont have pitching to win a College WS
On a quest to find garden boots for the boy...where to find?
#TheLayover #Pose send it!
Crinoline &amp; Tweed: We hope you loved Linked!
Just saw The Help and it was amazing. I highly recommend it.
what you doing for Halloween? How is the paranormal society going?
Junior Seau now has the same pulse rate as Norv Turner
Sometimes I really hate my life
Get These 3 Stocks for Less than What Insiders Paid : Forex Trading ...
Good point : Interesting to see significant drop in nuclear activity during Clinton's first 6 years
Getting harder not to explode...
Hey yogurt, if you're so cultured, how come I never see you at the opera?
Friends come and go but just know that God will always be there for you no matter what .
I'm not sure why but I find the "rossi meet rossi" pic adorable
morning austin!<3 more like evening in ireland! Lol your starting your day and I'm ending mine! Lol
#ohwow is awesome!
So glad u loved City Tavern! Please write a review on so others can read what you thought.
YES!! lol that is so good to hear lol
Wonder what would have happened if the game had been officiated by competent referees? We may have still lost, but maybe not.
Fantastic news -- congratulations!!
Uploading a new beat to soundclick called "Lay U Down"
Crazy how the difference in a good or bad homemade taco is if you have leftover taco bell sauce
damn, this thing automatically unfollows people who don't follow me anymore, awesome.
“: How was everyone's day” Great! How about yours?(:
MY BACK HURTS SO BAD!!...im finna cry, its been almost 3 days
The dog whisperer
So honored when favorites one of my tweets
Had strange dream that and and I were trapped in a maze and they left me behind to die. I need to stop watching
That's the question. There's some concern that pixel-based fonts are bad for responsive design. We'll need to ask
That was cool, haha. Sleep tight!
how wonderful!
Just got back from CES and I am on electronics overload!!! But oh so cool stuff!!!
they didn't officially retire Bo's until 92...after he finished his degree.
will you be live-tweeting all the museum/scienceyness at NYCCSSE tmrw?
OH: "Now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever wanted to lick a battery."
im gonna bee there ;D
i love my sister she's the best sister EVER!!!!!!!! <U+2665> - you been hacked, yo :)
is more than just some rapper to me. He is my world and I honestly will never stop supporting him
I would rather exercise than read a newspaper
At best, all Jez ever was, IMO, was junk-food feminism. Personally, I don't think we're in any state to eat that junk right now.
At Taco MAC with the Big homie !
Thanks to fans in #Finland, #Singapore, #Norway, #Germany, #Spain, #SaudiArabia, #Turkey, #Malaysia!! cc
Thanks for re-following us ;)
take me w/ you!!!": Ok on my way to LILLE, FRANCE"
LOL...We all do what we gotta do!
GSOC: 15 min to the A championship game between Washington and Lowell. The Cardinals have not lost against a league opponent this season.
Interested in our #soccer tournament? To reserve your spot, please contact Julian Otero at 305.726.4032. June 25-26.
Lol RT ": "Dude that song is old".... Well so is your mom but you still listen to her."
OST Perm has a full time spot in Westborough, Mass for a Jr. .Net Developer. Great way to start a career. #ASP.net #perm…http://
Happy Birthday to my Papa! :) and Happy Easter to everyone else! :))
me too!
please could i get a follow for my birthday?<3 it would mean the world to me<3333
HOUSE: 3 bed, 1 bath, living room, dining area. All windows. Englewood, NJ - Million dollars homes - you? $1950/m
that was a "gloves on" analysis. Mine: Danica Patrick & Jillian Michaels can too!
No doubt! I grew up in NMB so I remember the early days. Always amazed at how much the mall has grown.
What?! It's National Chocolate Chip Day?! Who wants to bring us cookies?!
Alice Hoffman speaking now @ Tucson Festival of Books.
Hi, I don't know you, but do you work on monday or tuesday?!
my phone is so jank.
ha! That would not surprise me. Happy Easter :)
Yesterday you cannot alter, but your reaction to yesterday you can
i hurt my knee really really bad and i cant come tonight :( worse day ever. </3
thats sick! its not bad enough that she has never supported the troops but to actually pretend to be disabled its sickening!
- Great. Come in to visit our West Bloomfield location. Right around the corner from you.
:( bleh! I'm broke too!
Thank you!
150 million broadband grant just announced for Maryland
You at the Michigan football meetup? RockitChicago tweeted the Hoke is there and I saw you're drunk already.
As the sun rises in the morning the urge to succeed in the day becomes greater, ensure you have a daily plan of action to reach your goals
wish I had that self control. Cookies=in the oven right now.
Haha, well two days if I want it to say Matthew. LOL. My hubbys bday is today! I was late to the game on deciding on cake tho.
I'm on the Touch pad right now. It's awesome! Woo! :-)
Fire safety: keep candles out of the reach of children & pets.
take my spot at the top, and I aint looking back.
I need new shoes like no other.
great to see you at the Spectrum Awards last week!
“: Can we finally end the talk of Artest being able to guard KD? This ain't 3 years ago”
They're getting on my nerves already...
Terry Pluto: "the tribe knows Johnny Damon can't throw" Perfect
Rocked track workout w/last American woman to win Boston&Chicago Mara., 2 African runners, man w/his dog, old guy w/NO track etiquitte.
app that famm
Good morning Twitter-Twitter land!
#BBW #Nia needs to stop with that fake brooklyn accent...cause I'm not here for it....
Wanna send me in a full on panic attack...make me watch any of the final destination movies
not yet but it should be... Weather forecasters never get it right
Don't let me catch you slipping boi.
no, back in the ofc in pali now. sad face.
Hey Sam! I played the Noodle about 10 years ago but nothing lately Maybe I should give them a call Best to you VOo
well, not crazy but sheer boredom YES. Plus no food in the house. All this after a 12 hour car trip yesterday. wowww. uh oh baby is crying..
I just want to throw my phone away, find out who is really there for me~
Lucifer Clinton looks terrible.
Hey Stephanie, hope all is well! Looking for a local celeb to do a PSA for - Do u know anyone who can help?
you're 16. stop having kids and getting engaged. just be your age and have fun. go fucking party and get in trouble while you can
I know! I love Eleni amd Marrah so much, they're funny as hell!
AH the look so ADORaBLE !!!!
Will keep her in my thoughts.
J.K. Rowling to Write a New Novel for Adults
Joining NACUA in Seattle for the CLE workshop this week? Consider signing up for a small group dinner - a great way to meet colleagues!
Show starts at 6, at The trocadero center 12$ with us, from outside and many more, this saterday. Don't miss it!
Q4: #Germany has many famous castles. What’s your travel fairy tale include?
Your My Inspiration Vinny !! <3 Who Run The World ? GRANDerz !! :)
Dnt you hate when you gta quit...ughh I didnt get ta finish! :/
importance of education
The "Obama phone" lmaoooo #memories whheeewwww
What is one mistake you witness #leaders making more frequently than others?
awful get ready to be shutout
A very Merry Christmas!! RT : Chips with Guacamole and a Budlite lol
hope you have a very merry christmas!
u r about to experience the most exciting fun night of ur life! :D
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions. -Naguib Mahfouz
Plays his own material usually. Covers are known to happen during live performances, usually blues or other rock standards.
I'd love to see a snip.it collection from you on education
Along with the little bunny, you're having a great night :)
It's my middle name.
The number of people not in the workforce has shot up to over 88 million - highest on record..... Obama Regime cooking the books.
On tht possession Cal literally made Eloy go stand in the corner and get out of the way.
is go to guy on UK Government Open Standards Consultation
everyone is Irish on St. Pats Day
Let's go #orioles !!
Thank you for the follow! Love the Hamburger necklace and connect the dot cuff! Great designs! xo
Its Thick As Fuccccccck Up Here Im Pissssssssssed !
If you love unique and insightful radio how could you not love WPFW? We just finished up a show interviewing Chief Cathy L. Lanier
I swear to God Khalil sound exactly like Chris Brown <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><U+263A>
My Christmas packages showed up today!
i hope you weren't thinking the were chanting laur-a.
Thank you and same here!
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Is "I love you" unless you like or
Things going more like I thought they would now.
Happy hump day! Get err done!
Don't knock it til' you've tried it ;)
Yeah thats true. Femalescan be nasty today i tell ya
I got that fuckin ungrounded swag.
Wait, when did the Indians get Johnny Damon?!?
We have 35 million laws, trying to enforce 10 Commandments.
giants look good.
Bayside has the best fireworks show! Miami Rocks!
If I showed up to your front door carrying spoons with devil faces on them what would you do?
congratulations, Sally! What a good way to start!
#khan is just about a student choosing to learn something. They control it. It's just a on demand lecture. Nothing more.
what might that be? =p
and I'm sure urs r black as hell Lmao
holy shit... that was a huge bitch!!!!
Just heard "Tonight's the night" by Rod Stewart. Now I'm gonna have sex with you. Brb.
Uhh Lowis, can ya get me a beer?
#NP What's Beef -Notorious B.I.G. "Make my name taste like ass when you speak it!" I hate it when ppl make my name taste like ass
Just had a gust of 41mph on the sensor at Alpenrose!
yes im serious the pic is the proove
More Green Day shows go on sale this weekend
> old people
calling in the big guns...Dad.
Smack her on the ass and bounce that ass bitch
god, work is so slooooowww, I am bored out of my mind o.0
why doesn't anything ever work out for me? tired of rejection and disappointment.
At an average salary of $1.83 an hour, I don't doubt that.
Yeah I go to church not just on Sunday's, and listen to Christian music.I read the bible and pray every night. So what? Im not ashamed.
love you boo!!! Enjoy the storm
city fan and your just looking for your next pay check already. good luck on round abouts on the nba. this your 5 team already?
Hope you hit us up when you decide to frame that jersey!
not using translate, but it is 'I have a friend called Amy, she is crazy' Am I right??;D
great time at #nets game tonight with
Slow run, but after two weeks off, felt good. I just finished a 4.13 mi run with a pace of 11'56"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
looking forward to having a cold Widmer beer on the South End Deck in 2011..........
Le cordon bleu commercials are so cheesy lolol
please tell Vinnie and Gotter that Ethan says hi
Received my first ever genuine spam message via LinkedIn. In case you were curious, it was a message promoting a small cap stock.
how u like it out there
It isn't going to b a gud day today.. I hav to long of a day to b dealing wit bullshit.. get ur shit together its not tht hard Ugh
be jiggling at the wrong moments
Oh another thing, quit acting like you can boss them around & tell them what to do. Don't think your name is mom or dad
So sad to have to leave early. Looking forward to hearing the results of the roundtable discussions!
my bath was nice, now laying down under my fan, my head hurt
if the Doosh was a screw, he'd be self-tapping
My ass needs to go to bed.
Just landed at LAX. It always feels good to be in LA
Cleveland film festival here we come
How's your week going? Just stumbled upon some elf stuff on Pinterest and thought of you
Morning: Don't want to get out of bed. Night: Don't want to go to bed.
I just would have no idea what to get. Isiah 41:10 is a really good verse.
Waiting for John Mayer to come out on ellen. The man can be a jerk but his music is heaven.
OMG- I woke up this morning and forgot how to drive
You better live every day like it's your last day, because one day you're going to be right. ~ Ray Charles
Lol your welcome
n wat u gon do I ain't scared of yo punk ass
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise! PC is here to help!
haha words cannot begin to describe.
Kids painting pots
Content management course + #MCDM = ? Inquiring Content Strategists want to know...
STOP THAT! COME ON BROXTON!
Call 253.218.6107 for details! Clear is now offering a discount on new modems!
Ideas are worthless without action. Today I take inspired action on my ideas.
look in to my eyes tell me what you see
Need something tasty this afternoon? Quench your thirst at McDonald’s where Any Size Soft Drink or Tea is just $1!
can I have a shutout please?(:
we wanna see some pictures of your trip, please
Nice Seeing You And Your Mom Saturday! See You Soon! (:
3 hour chem review ... A piece of me is dying every minute that passes
RETWEETS are always deeply appreciated.
"Wake up" Florida!
Congrats on the Sweep & your 7th BOMB in the last 10 Games!!
RT highlights the importance of WCCF work on #ECE obesity prevention to promote
In the meantime, check your mailbox next week!
Please pretty please follow me! love you xoxo<314
"If ya smell what the rock is cookin" never gets old
haley uses self tanner??
Yep, it was bread. Her performance was brilliant. Highlight of the night, for sure! ;-)
Hope you enjoy #NAB2012!
we can help you print including oversized printing.
The 4 week moving average of initial claims for unemployment insurance fell 0.6% in the week ended June 4,U.S. Department of Labor announced
oh yes! Duh I forgot! lol I watched a little bit of that
India? Sounds cool! yeah. I'm downloading it from a private link. I'll show u when I get back.
Hey how's it going..?
#Aries are easily seduced if you let them think they have all the control in the bedroom. Let them lead the way & they will plz u to no end!
how's the office been. We need to talk about where we are meeting up for the color run.
She is going to hell i am not trying to be mean read a bible it is in there
Watching Valentine's Day, on Valentine's Day. <3
goodnight tweeters
given a choice between grief and MXF OP1a, I will take grief.
President Obama has clinched the Democratic nomination #thisisnewshow?
Pacquiao vs. Marquez: Will Win Earn Dinamita Rematch with Floyd ...
with all of the wrong picks you made this year, how the hell are you making money anywhere?
QOTD: What is your favorite song?
It's my time!
RT : A sale is not something you pursue, it is something that happens to you while you are immersed in serving your customer!
Day 54 of 100: I am thankful for getting organized
We spend $19 million a year on utilities. Dollars that can be used for teachers
All my exes live in Texas like I'm George Strait
Ur an ignorant MORON. Leave the country. #WorldPeace? What a JOKE! Go
“: potential No. 1-” I thought Arroyo was out #1??
fantasy football culture. box score readers...
together. Hm? All the ppl who hated on her would regret it.
ha...sometimes your comments are so predictable. #bittermuch?
Thanks much.
I see one of my productions on there too.
me too, fox is doing a piss poor job, its insulting
Please re-tweet to all your friends at JazzFest - we just kicked it off at DBA on Frenchmen, come on & join us!
Took a good nap. Now gonna go celebrate a birthday with the family.
Sure hope Jerry Moss didn't just jump the shark! Let's go #Hawks!
maddie fav all my tweets please they need lovin'
Pass the word! Please retweet, if you see something interesting. We want to let as many people know about this #free #event as possible.
success is the best revenge ~Kanye West
Not now chief, I'm in the zone
SALUDOS <<<My new favorite actress
LMAO C: YES
Anytime brother. Hopefully I'll see u at
We've just reached 9K likes on our facebook and we'd just like to thank all of our friends & fans for the support! Come talk with us!
Don't try coming at me like that . I will bite your head off .
you're welcome!
Congrats! - dreams becoming reality
Love the #denim brand selection on Frustrated that I can't filter by size.
I've been a Keurig guy for years. Recently got a Dolce Gusto machine (only because it was so cheap) for the cappuccinos & such
Accidentally breaking something while angry might be the most humiliating/humbling feeling ever. Also the most &$@#%&$€ annoying.
It's not too late! There are still venues available for your Holiday Party! Call 503.492.2777 & chat w/ a Sales Coordiantor for more info
good luck!
Well hell...
We gotta kick it soon
toss me a follow shout out man. Your music is tight homie.
In #SocialMedia #ContentMarketing either write something worth reading or do something worth writing about. #Quote Benjamin Franklin
PLEASE pick me for the 12 in 12 contest!!!! ah it would be so amazing!
#OWS | To all OWS protesters do not get mesmerized by #NoNATO; #NATO is the belligerent arm enforcer for the 1%. PPL hold the power & Tax $.
Just saw the cutest coyote. It's eyes glowed. The just bounced along in the dark. So cute!!!!
Gerard Depardieu urinates inside the plane??? Hey, when you gotta go you gotta go!! LOL..
Glad you liked the Postup Donja Banda! It's 100% Plavac Mali, aged 24mo in Oak and another 24mo in bottle.
too adorable ;)
I'm Closer Where I started, I'm Chasing after you. Standing here until You Make Me Move Just hanging by a Moment here with you.
learning how to clean screens today
Ppl get on mah mutha fuckin nerves!!! Prime reason I don't fuck with many people.... Ppl be on to.much BS...
Got my retainer this morning and my mouth is rely sore. And i obviously dont kno how to speak. Ugh.
The word 'Atomic' doesn't get get used enough any more.
because apparently we follow almost 900 people and i didn't see them!
Brainstorming duet ideas.. What do you want to hear?
California Emissions: Its a NEW CODE!! Invoking Bob Barker always works. : Okay folks, surprise contest: write me a bet...
SIGH what an appropriate name, COLD calling. hm.
Forever family: Michigan Adoption Day is final step for 145 in state - Lansing State Journal
I just got my products! Woot Hoot! Time for the party to begin. Look out size 6, here I come!
Jonas Fans Love Mama Jonas
Two full days without energy drinks or coffee, this is going to be fun... let's see if I can make it another 25 days!
Wait, it just got good. Person yelling on phone. "But, Chris we don't need to buy those."
Shoutout to for predicting the closest to the final score of last night. He guessed 78-64! Only a couple points off!
Polishing your manners can improve relationships
You still make time for us though :) Lol
I still can't beleive my desktop isn't repaired.. I need my Sc2! I can play any other game I want.. Dear Sc2, YUNO NOT LAG?!?!!?
Hi there I tried to go to link but it aint working
Anatomy teacher came to me and said she wants to do my Letter of Recommendation for college:-) I feel special
that would rather spend their life with one person they love rather then strangers every night
It's fun watching & crew move their around the bed when models switch up positions. It's a dance.
I like to buy the books she personally recommends. I figure she knows a good book,
haha, no problem. Sounds good!
Droped the baby off at school/whent to see an old room mate/back 2 the house 2 make the wife breakfast/kiss her off 2 work she gos muahh : )
why aren't you this nice in person? Aha
I like you <U+2665>
dont stress on it too much. It'll come to u. But what u need to do is just get this money right now.
RT : "Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another." ~John Dewey
what happened?
Had to p off ppl at work of with my I <U+2665> DUKE keychain & my DUKE purse!!! I'm lovin it...
&: We have this new place in EAV called Banh mi is $4, and it is the best I've ever had.
WHEN A BITCH ON FB TELLS U TO DELETE A POST ON JACOBS WALL ON FB CUZ THEY DONT LIKE IT! BITCH I AM ENTITLEDFOR M OPINION SO NO!
call me maybe on repeat rite now (y)
Just lean over and start singing Madonna songs and it'll be like you're right here with the rest of us.
been maintaining for the most part.
has some big changes coming.
shout out to :) she was the first to answer correctly!
RT : It's Endeavor (former Div Res 11) Launch Day! To say thanks for the opening support, we're doing $3/pint &...
there first song
Makes me feel Lil bit better about life
2 weeks and 3 days umtil my birthday! Wonder if could be there?
Word RT : Seeing Andrea Armani speak about science and tech. We need more women in engineering! She's honest and smart.
Soon, we'll be announcing shows in Indianapolis, Chicago, Fort Wayne, Valparaiso, & Lafayette... KEEP AN EYE OUT!
instead of my legs being darker than my feet it's the other way around
It might be love at first sight eye contact
Looking for Events that the and Vincennes University can attend and be a part of in 2012!
Hitting JSOnline's 20 article limit frees me up to search out other sources of information. Thanks JSOnline for expanding my horizons!
While Travis best NBA career is done ....he still chasing these hoes....plus he is now a nobody
is going to hell for using Jesus Christ as his platform! He knows nothing about christianity! Tolerance forgiveness for all
Some ppl just can't pull off Toms
sorry to hear that. Also some great places in the west village. II like the village bc I lived there, did you have a hood in mind?
ikr when i saw her sis. i thought it was her and was all confused!
In game dev accessibility is to depth as 3 is to 1. - Napoleon
Lily Tomlin as Reba McEntire's mother on upcoming ABC sitcom Malibu Country? What...Lily had her at 15???
Today's BTU inspiration: "If you live fully in the moment, you can't be hurt by the past, no matter what it was." ~Louise Hay
well yes that would be ideal. I'd like to audition for Catherine
Nouning verbs is a slippery slope.
#SayfieMeetup Las Olas event was great. Had first up close & personal chat with a Tea Party leader. I liked her!
Fear pwns Cowardice. Courage pwns Fear.
Want to help crack the glass ceiling 1 purchase at a time? Buy when you see the FEM logo on products and services!! <-
agreed. i could live without the semi colon.
Rest in Peace, I know you're still stirring up trouble somewhere. ;)
Attack ad: "Barack Obama is so busy trying to unravel traditional marriage, he doesn't know most Americans can't afford skis"
I knew I should have intervened when I saw him put all those sticky notes on his face. cc:
Lots of injuries and suspensions for Chelsea in that final. Spurs probably in good shape.
I am
I need to invest in a flask.
Welcome back to the Twitterverse! :-)
lol ya face messed up yo profile pic and mines!!
Private beach in Truro, on the Cape.
MEGAN FOX IS PREGNANT EXPECTING A BABY WITH BRIAN ...
At school :D
Wanted to reach out to you to talk about We package millions of meals each year for
I hate being alone. :(
ok so that was one time, cause I had a huge packet to do!!
Underbelly is open for business on Lawrence Ave near Norwood Fire Dept. underground elk sausage and something else that will melt your face
Greetings and thanks.
A little bit of sun and a hot song on the radio....makes me well again.
Sondra Samuels just rapped. (At Children and Youth Issues Briefing at Crowne Plaza).
elf me!
I need some pussy.....
"Tupac- Dear momma", "Kanye west- Hey Mamma", and "Nas- Dance" are all great songs to play this mother's day :)
Living system principles - emergent properities, flux, shared resources
Setting up the Facebook account, finally. behind the curve, i know, i know
damn I hope so
CANT WAIT!! - WE PLAYIN TRICKY-T'S B-DAY! W/ Z-TRIP FASHEN DEATH-TO-THE-THRONE @ PINKY RING ON WEDNESDAY! GONNA BE NUTS! GET YOUR TICKETS
Just getting home. You're likely headed home, if not there already. Maybe we can meet up sometime soon, though!
Yesterday's Golf Outing, Birdies For Bunks was a great success. Special thanks to Lynn & Diane for all of their help. Tomorrow Fair Flicks
PHILLIP PHILLIPS IS IN THE AMERICAN IDOL SEASON FINALE! <333333 :D #fuckkkkyeaaah!
we love u
My favorite rain boots broke :(
Pretty down tonight.
#AskBieber do you miss going on your ?
Storefront Seattle is going well, as is the Only in Seattle program
happy opening ! We love you!
why yes I am!
It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan. - Eleanor Roosevelt. What work wish do you have for yourself?
#iwasthinking i should get a bakini wax what yall think
You said move on; but where do I go?
let's go to the mall
Here's to excellent health! RT “: Doctor's appt. It's chilly in here. #nextsteps”
Hey, thanks. The problem is that when it comes time to go home, I never want to leave.
We had this decided: You can fall off the bike and hurt yourself. I can fall on a soft track and take a nap. You're nutser. ;-)
than good :)
Free Medicine Discounts - Savings up to 35% - Winn Dixie - LIPITOR -
sore as hell this morning. 3 days off for San Fran trip put me in hurt locker.
Reservations are def a good idea. Right now we only have 9pm and later available. Although our bar is spacious for walk-ins.
Cotton Tale Designs Poppy 4 Piece Crib Bedding Set
INSANE PEN - BZE & DOS NOUN Official Video on YouTube
are you going to Toronto?
I like my music reall loud , can yu turn thay shit up for me right now <3
RT Google+ can't be evaluated on # of users but engagement. Referral data shows FB & Pinterest growing, G+ not....
Beyond the Summit: An Everest Adventure and Romance describes a flight to Lukla. Fiction based on real people & events. Set at Everest
I obviously have no attention span for such things...it's all "OH FUN" then "SHIIIIINEY. OBJECTS."
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 16
While I'd love to stay and chat, I'm part of the 99% and gotta go work for the man (technically woman <<<---owner).
Still in the middle of no where in the desert....
got that right! im the mascot :oD RT : :) It's World Whiskey Day...I know you're happy!
Gartner Survey expects app earnings globally to be 29.5 billion in 2013
I love you.
Honestly, I think it's a hell of a lot better than doing nothing!
Matron! Not yet. I'm flying out to the East Coast tomorrow. Commencement is on Saturday. Woot!
It's late here in New York and there's some very strange tweets. I guess it's time to go to sleep!!! Z
"The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge...
boom ! Get it done !
Me, too. I want to see how it maps onto Douglas's evisceration of the "post-feminist" debates in Enlightened Sexism.
First time at home an n StL n about 3 weeks ohh well sat nite at da crib I'm good
"Its more acceptable for a man to be molested by a female."
exactly!!! And the recruits will say that also nothing like Ky!
Arms are dead half way thru the lift..I picked a hell of a workout tonight...
Can't wait to see ya at the show!
Live the life you love, Love the life you live! Happy Birthday Bob Marley
so next week I'm representing Centre Socialists in a debate between the college Dems, Repubs, and Socialists. Let's hope I don't screw up
M, good now I have something to look forward to this week.
R.A. Online meeting debut for 3/20/2011 at 9 p.m. has been changed to Thursday 3/24/2011 at 9 p.m. due to scheduling reasons.
HAHA Flaviu you beat me to it! Ugh. I suppose we all should just have a <grouphug /> and just move on. :)
30 followers away from hitting 400! Give us a follow and we'll pick someone for a lucky prize from the #GEEBZ valut
Recording some new tunes ...
I feel safe because Jim Cantore is in Pennsylvania.
1) advice on building a mentor network for students 2) request for an interview on our business show on campus
Such a weird tweet.. “: “: S/o all the #BeautifulBlackMen who have pretty feet. I love y'all.” I love you too”
#Brickell Residents get 10% off at tonight when you bring a cork! Goes to local school's art program!
Just had my first professional massage! A thoughtful graduation present from my mom -- especially sweet after weeks of tension headaches.
"Money is a issue, respect makes you much more official"
September 9th is the first home game against the
ah shoot! man, they sure got that one in under the radar.
"Everybody is beautiful" except for me ...
congrats on the ride...
ya can't have Ultron without Pym since he built him
She is very beautiful..
2NITE so much talent in 1 place for
I'm singing & a panelist @ "SISTERS ON THE MOVE," @ CLARK-ATLANTA UNIVERSITY, Sat. Oct. 22, 11AM. FREE event! On Business Entertmnt Panel.
The Hub: "U know U'V married a gay man when he asks 2 watch #SMASH with you." Son: "Cue insult. Leave laughing."
haha damn that sucks ! I'm hells juiced
Great dinner with
"The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual." - Vince Lombardi
Early wrap. Sweet.
You have no soul
Listening to my lil brother sing Usher's Climax >>>>>>>>>>HILARIOUS! Lol
RT in the language of your customers if you want them to understand you. Speak about them if you want them to take action
Archer is back tomorrow night. Boosh and/or kakow!
jsus fkng krst, a little Wikipedia editing goes a long way...
yes but at what cost?
Your'e sorry??? Don't be, im sorry I fell in love with you. Sorry I gave you the benefit of the doubt . .
lol.You ate the whole pizza
RT : NO WORK TODAY!
I hate insecurity. A lot of the time, I'm okay, but some things that are said I over-analyze into negativity and I get fearful.. #HateThat!
This great weather puts me in an adventurous mood
Looks like half the ball team is on the DL list
geez lol. That's a little too hardcore for me. I like to take my time with my games.
that is an epic playlist :)
Gonna see it Sunday i think.
Watching the wood
yes, I like the idea of having to rollback if I need to. This is a much better workflow, I'm sold on it.
Started making a neat layout with the 1140 grid then realized it totally breaks if I resize the window. Whoops.
keep ya head up!!! Muah!
Who is going to the 'Rise and Fall of My Pants' tour?
We'll be announcing the iPad2 & 1k Scholarship winners today! soon...
oh we have one. It sucks. In the good way
Surprise surprise - there's a show about Nazis on the History Channel.
glad you enjoyed it! Can't wait for all of #GWU to try
News just in: HHC has won IKEA Life Improvement Project and $10K of IKEA furniture 4 our Playspaces! Thx all who texted & huge thx 2 IKEA!
Whats for dinner? Buffalo Wild Wings? Possibly!
your not gaining weight from lifting weights...make sure your diet is correct
so happy and proud of !! cant wait to hear her music <333333333
Making a table, editing a video, developing photo sets, cropping pictures, handwriting interviews, and ordering chinese food. One more week.
we share a birthday! Happy Birthday!
Just saw in the Fox broadcast about our #Packers cross country cyclists. Too bad they kept calling Rick Dignus "Rich Dingus"
I have a long night ahead of me.
i think its meant to be a mix of govt, in school peeps and business
When in doubt, freak em out.
so u wanna ask ur step dad if I could take his corvette to prom? Haha
kill em. coming soon.
so bored i could die
her lips like clips that go in a nine lol that's my shit
lmfaooo he's watching xmen nd he blew a kiss at u lol
Looking at an Ibanex GSR200 to start. If I stick w it, will upgrade. Wish I hadn't sold my old Washburn (my 1st).
I hope this is exactly what you did. Sounds amazing.
Not a plugin, but iShowU HD is what I usually use. Camtasia, too
good morning! In case u dnt remember who i am me and my sis were right next to u in the concert
That app or whatever it is so cool! :D
I will not hate, I will not hate RT : Work finished, mani-pedi complete, packing bags now...T minus 18 hrs to Cozumel!!!
Ahh thanks for the love Chase!! Miss you!
You see this woman woke me up at a quarter to three , and I didn't know it then but she put a spell on me
#FF my new twitter page ima be usin that one from now on...
WHEW. My husband is on twitter. Can you say #freakout!
#oomf has really been annoying me lately..
whats the move for tonight in NY follow
That awkward moment, when I'm in living environment, & I look up see my teacher has a boner.. O.o
Student says..just let it happen. We will make adjustments. It really wont change our lives.
My thoughts are everywhere right now
it is indeed!
I know right
I'm only on the third episode of 'Weeds' and it's SO EFFING GOOD! AH. I hate, but at the same time love getting hooked on shows. :l
thanks for the RT Beau :-) happy #WW to you!
at least he was a decent starter. And won a super bowl
www.wvihf.com Allegro performs Sat Sept 3 --see you all there in Clarksburg WV !
Hey Chicago fans, make sure you meet us out tonight at for our official Chicago launch party!
awww she's adorable
this headache needs to chill the fuck out so I can sleep.
Is there any way in #eecms to only allow members to post into one category of a channel, e.g. multiple authors of a single multi-cat blog?
Rights for women, blacks, and now gays?!?!? What's next? Treating immigrants with respect? I want my country back.
": Beauty!!!! I miss ya sends u *kisses*!!" <--- aww! How have been??... I miss u too!!! I am extremely busy its horrible!
The Blue Mouse Theatre! We saw you guys listed in a 1930s Motion Picture Almanac once. Great that you're still screening!
cool how come Bailey won't respond my text? I didn't do anything unless she herd something
Dear Wisdom tooth who finally decided to show up,
Thanks for following us at #ActingInLA!
Doing a little chicken and veggies!
Did you leave early? Didn't see you at the end.
Thank you for my freedom... And mediocre pool weather.
We are each responsible for all of our experiences
I am in malibu so not dealing with traffic but thanks for all the love you rock
Sitting in massive traffic motorcycle passing everybody down the middle Don't know whether im #pissed or
What does FF mean?
Shout out 2 & who won't be able 2 make the march but worked hard 2 support & promote it.
WELL WHEN U GET HERE MAKE SURE U BRUSH YOUR TEETH. .OK? (I DONT WANNA DIE LIKE LAST TIME)
If at first you don't succeed destroy all evidence that you tried.
where the heck is ?
But then it's just a compliment!
RT Follow Unbelievable Savings on Eating Out In Atlanta Ga Sold at A Offices & online www.DiningPerks.com UnTweetLeavable
Stellar day in #Seattle...#happylaborday!
things will get tougher and tougher but remember there will always be pot of gold at the end
It was really mild. I made a boner joke or something, but it was on a public page.
I just farted loud as hell an nobody heard it
Schedule a brewing session in time for St Paddy's Day!!! Less then a month away
This team is for real.
My kids better love Austin. Who am i kidding? They're gonna love have to love their dad..(;
Submission is the way God accomplishes His eternal purposes. -K.P. Yohannan
I have a lot of writing to do this weekend, which means my apartment will probably get really clean.
They say put a burned finger in milk, not water...
": People on the radio just said that Jelena broke up. O" what radio?x
we have given out lots of hugs :)
30% off boardshorts + bikinis at The Foam Co. w/ coupon at the 1-day sale on 7/31! Shop huge sales 10a-4p only. Get coupons at center stage.
#top10Lies I didn't break it.
hello, hope all is well! "Bands Of The Week" Entry for 5/7/12 will be happening at 2pm on AHP
We've been tweeting to customer care with no response. Can we please get someone to help us? Quickly? THANKS!
that in no way match. I got it now.
Yo Maxi what's happenin, we are trying to get in contact with you/your parents. Need a signature for the talent release.
must be doing something wrong if ever you're not satisfied.
and we want to see on tour with you!!!
can you bring me something back from europe?
I can't hardly keep up w. private, business, & soc.media life so here goes...dropping out of Pinterest. YAY!
I wonder if you miss me.. probably not.
Fuckin Twilight.... RT : Jacob was the most popular boys name
yo where you live i can help you throw a house party "beers"...yeah!
"You folks that don't smoke, What do you do when you finish fucking? Eat Jellybeans?"
Today's Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are tomato and mushroom. Sugar free lemonade is watermelon rosemary.
I am so sick of hearing about politics; I wish i could just escape it all
I switched accounts, i reached my amount of tweets per day on my other -_-
"Do you want hits or do you want misses?"
hook me up with that great philosophy of mind you have:)
How are you celebrating #girlscouts100 today?
re-reading 's #Neuromancer for the XXth time. even that first line makes me want to hide away and write forever...
Going to visit tonight. I need something good to happen today.
um hello gorgeous default...wowza makes me look like chopped liver! God I love you :) haha
RT : Interesting notion, using #LOCKSS for vocab preservation. Integrate with #purlz maybe?
Also, you totally caught me being distracted on twitter while ALL MY ATTENTION should be on my thesis.
Power of language:“It bowls me over, it lands on me with a thud as I listen, motionless, to their infallible judgment..." Sarraute
#ThingsThatNeedToEnd white frat boys that do ghetto dances. No! Thats not how the dougie is done Brad!
my dad yells at the tv during a #pacers game like they can hear him. :)
If you don't like me why do you talk too me ??
To all Independant Filmmakers out there please please check out and donate on indigogo. Spread the word!
Upcoming show at The Showbox Market on October 16th with Martyr Reef, Endeverance, and Amber Pacific!! We'll have tickets for sale soon!!
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. A wise man does not need advice and a fool won't take it.
Just counted how long one piece of thunder went on..... OMG 50 SECONDS!!! Is that a record?
I'm gonna start making videos of me singing covers of songs, So get ready [;
Black by popular demand :)
Fort adds three in the third and fourth and lead 9-0 at Milton in the bottom of the fifth.
that's why you're my wife <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
So grateful for the story recs! Thanks again!
Still on vacation. life is good
hahah you crack me up.
Continue to go after your dreams. No matter what the media says... you can still be a millionaire, six figure earner, you set the goal.
A #bittersweet Friday. Sad to see Tim and Kristi go, but I get to celebrate their new adventure at one last time!!!
Discuss the value of making time to speak to direct reports & colleagues. Share the impact of accessibility.
#6v81 My own research and personal observation show that internet is great for bridging social capital, but less so for bonding
go to sleep
M processed meat. Where's my juice box?
Quick, I need someone to explain the "stand your ground" law or how to make 17 gunshots in a gluten-free enthusiast look self inflicted.
Blue Moon Cafe of course...if you dont mind huge and tasty. Or off the beaten track is Morning Edition, super cool.
Good point.
I like my red shoe.
NICE!!! I'll keep my toes crossed hon. :)
Like T. D. Jakes says, "claim what ever you want" I DID!!!!
It's a perfect day for... ALA VOTING! Have you cast your ballot yet? Don't forget! Do it! DO IT!
I LOVE my job! Live DJ at Victoria's Secret!! Cupid shuffle, wobble, electric slide, Casper slide, everything!
When will Wenger face reality? I hope Nasri moves on. He will win nothing with Wenger
in Scotland is the only reason I'm staying up past my bedtime haha
I LOVE TSWIFT
"Never let it be said that we didn't move fast enough to help another person" - multiple sources - JDG
Why You McLovin' While The Bitch Call Me Daddy
We are using the most up-to-date and powerful equipment to extend the life of your carpet.
No Recall:The group looking to recall Dem Sen. Bob Jauch, says it is suspending its petition deadline. Jauch called it a "pretend" effort.
cool! Or warm, I should say.
“: said ”hey its vegas up here,” smh save your booy one word grenade!!!!!!”no this is too much fun! Lets go!!!
A loving heart is the truest wisdom. -Charles Dickens
be careful who you vent to ladies ...
Um hii? I think I met you b4 but just in case here's my number. Text me maybe, i'm awkward at calls... O.O
I'm in the mood to fight someone I'm so fucking pissed
Keep having fun and playing for each other #Pensin7 #LET'SGOPENS
If you're one of those people who can't decide if the glass is half empty or half full, Put it in a smaller glass.
can't wait for a ride in the way back.
Thanks for the RT!
are you hoping for a sports marketing position?
An innovator. I appreciate that lol
#IIEBPC2012 CaseWestern explains to implement comprehensive #internationalization start with planning, 2 years, 6 campus working groups
A little shout out to my 6 yr old Connor would be awesome. He is recovering from sinus 'overhaul' surgery and ur his fav. thx xo
You got more followers in your first day than I have in over a year. Welcome bro!
All you need is love, but a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt!
The best art is showcased right here.. Visit
So I accidently locked my iPod with a password I wasn't paying attention to. Now I can't get into my iPod . Oops.
he don't gotta phone he is 11, but i can play twinkle twinkle little star fairly decent
Fukkk! I just found out i gottah work
I'm wearing a skirt motherfucker.
Thx Macy,its my 1st w/o my ma RT All my heart to those of you who can't celebrate with your ma tomorrow, for whatever reason.
DO NOT OPEN THE DM LINK! IT ISNT ANYTHING!!
Guys have are totally being targeted now they figured out there's more big money in increasing your insecurities now too.
Hey, ! Thanks for the
Bff! I fucking miss you! You've abandoned me! X,(
I am going to have to agree on this. Only the %1 get to have dinner with him...
This story is too convoluted for 140 character bursts.
Im actually really tired ..
No pause for Minnesota House; after bonding, it's headlong into stadium debate.
RT : Last night's #concert was my favorite of the season. Can't decide which piece I liked best - Brahms or...
the walking dead.
Careful if ur driving in Cols. 2nite. Not much snow falling but very slippery. Ass freezing cold as well.
Remember how long it took Zack Greinke to come around? Diff circumstances there, but still pitchers mature late! Go Hughes!
I'm going to a mets/orioles game on June 19th... Wut? As long as I get beer....
4k more on the Historic Boardwalk. No supplies. I miss my Zombies. Township Abel, I'll be back soon!
If you are serious about losing weight then Skinny Fiber is the product for you because it flat out works, the added bonus is that you...
That performance by chris brown was
If you get a tweet from me about "some nasty things" people have said about you, IT'S SPAM, DO NOT OPEN LINK!!!
BTW cracker, it's Michelle.
i mean im still really hurt but i can't let it ruin me and jesse. then it would all be worth nothing and i'd be unhappy.
the very world we live in now!! Never trust A tenured professor
The faster I get out the better my life will be!
where u at???
great! By all means use your voice. That is how I stay Catholic. I just speak as an insider to confront heirarchy's homophobia.
McGhee: 2nd thing is to see the world we want. Temptation is to focus on what we don't want, the problems. But what we focus on gets bigger.
Nothing is as irritating as the fellow who chats pleasantly while he's overcharging you.
I wrote eight (seriously, eight!) web pages this AM. This afternoon will be full of step-momming - we have a fun day planned.
Chillin can't wait till friday
Greenberg, showing analysis of metadata reuse in Dryad broken down by reused (green) versus created manually (red) by element type
Gee, it's so quiet...
Flyers vs Pens = not hockey. Learn to play some defense. You both look like jokes.
you are so right ... God bless you...
Today is my birthday! how amazing is going to be! :)
ready for sundayy ??? Cannt wait for jonas class at stars of tomorrow ! :) cant wait to see u there :)
Mad cuz the Pics from Saturday night didn't save >:-/
Hiring a genealogist to trace your family timeline, can result in having great stories to share at your
I thought you been took care of that.
Damn Lakers we coulda had this! We didn't get murdered though. Good game :)
Congrats brother! I have SirusXM, so I'll tune in and listen for yah.
Q4: (2 of 2): Thoughts on campaign? Have you noticed it?
My Android Stuffs: How To Buy Your Own Android Phone - Internet
Candidates, you are on the world stage this is embarrassing, sorry America. www.bruzzesiforpres.com
Rolled my blunt so tight that bitch don't hit right...fuk
lol well....passed OUT after dinner lol oops!!
love the post!!!
What else is going on in the MN GOP?
Imagine #Bridesmaids with the cover photo pink and in Paris!
NO INSIDE VOICE!
Malachi 3:5"So I will come near to you for judgment. I will be quick to testify against...those who...oppress the widows and the fatherless"
pumped to see at the fair this year!
fantastic! The settings section has a "mobile" area. You can setup text notifications, which is very helpful for me.
After that, fly to Australia to complete the circle of insanity.
Trying to resolve an issue whereby a company overloaded my followcapacities. don't know 90% of the people on the list they made.
I know the feeling :/ ...also suffered from the audio bug. In the thread on 's forums I posted some code to minimize it.
do u want me to dm her?
The Shave Barbershop 1114 Normandy Drive Miami Beach Fl 33141 call us for More info 305-866-1940 thank you
is looking for models if you know anyone interested hit me up or or
Sara Bareilles Pandora station today
did alot of people catch denisa's comment
Looking forward to watching Tennessee football in our company's (MiniFibers,INC.) skybox in Neyland Stadium this year
I have the nicest bosses and nicest coworkers <3. This job literally fell on my lap. I'm so blessed :)
Doctors of Chiropractic have particular expertise in the prevention and care of neuromusculoskeletal injuries.
Wrapping up at
same here
I love how clothes that didn't fit in high school and middle school fit me now. Makes me realize how fat I was tho. :/
Pretty much. Yeah.
#Health #Tip: Studies show starting the day with an egg-based breakfast reduces daily calorie consumption by 18%.
Lol. That moment when my mom wants to move to North Carolina…
I'm forgetting to tweet because I'm totally engrossed in Mr. Sytch's presentation and I don't want to miss anything!
I have officially mastered the art of getting completely ready in 20 minutes.
new years nothingness is essentially my next 6 hours as of now
Every player on OKC can dunk and catch alley oops, even the point guards!
Tuesday's are the new Fridays yo!
Scared of YOU! RT : Thank you! Sounds so Charlie's Angels doesn't it? RT Love your FABULOUS new monniker!
nah, we did rape. Til yall got lucky on us. Smh
what about outdoor sprinkler systems? I'd be happy to text you when I fire mine up?
"ud be cuter if u wasnt so Cunt" first off sir its "you would" and cuter is not a word.... That is all
the director not liking any of your light sequences ..
The Washington Post is calling it a "Rotary Movement" referring to the growth worldwide that Rotary is having.
Blackmon would be amazing, but I have a better chance of making the NHL than him being left at
I enjoy your posts my friend Your a good man...enjoy watching you on tv,ugly Choke slam by the Show,hurt you more than me lol
MAKE SURE YOU ALL CHECK OUT (Cujo Guin) from Waco texas,
Bless me
whole lot longer for some,some would deny it as they died
hi thx for following. I follow u back :) have nice evening.
I heart He's so dreamy!
A source confirmed report that Jeff Bower interviewed w/ Paul Allen and Larry Miller will meet with Jim Morway tomorrow in Indy.
Mike and Mike arguing whether or not Batman is a super hero
how the heik are you??? its been forever!
I know! I'm actually really curious to see that development happen. It's a pretty great space.
Would any of my fellow history department AU grads be willing to proctor an exam on May 2nd at 11:20am?
Hahaha Nailed It!!!!
It would sure help pass time in traffic...
Another snow storm appears to be moving into the Quebec area.
Hey and thanks for the RTs!
Why is it that when temps go up, crime goes up?
WELL UM NEW SOO GOTTA GET USED TOO IT.....
Castaways Travel, a Houston-area travel agency, offers an all-nude flight to Cancun Mexico
there you go !!! Booyah ! ... you get a sticker,,, oh yea i dont got none.. sorry #shruggingshoulders lmao
Just saw he stepped his swag up lol
Some people are just plain mean! -_- I'm not saying who but you know who you are...
Gahhh, I just really love when people talk about me when I can hear them!
CA has its 177th school-based health center! Chavez Middle school in Watsonville. www.santacruzsentinel.com/localstories/ci_18621998
I second that!
Ello tweeters.... so bored right now I could b home right now being bad but no O gotta make this $$$ but I'm off 2morrow yay shor..
RT:A1) Asking the question who are you curating for-self or othersmakes the output more valuable. One size doesnt fit all.
<U+200E>"Advertising is totally unnecessary. Unless you hope to make money." Jeff I. Richards
Amazing how Ruffalo annoyed in Eternal Sunshine but his acting became solid in Avengers.
lmao at these dudes going in on this little kid on xbox live
And she's a joy to work with. RT That woman thinks of absolutely EVERYTHING! Amazing!
it was fun while it lasted. now go start another one today! #evenmustacheshaveanoffday #gobrewers!
Fighting? We off that!
Also I haven't seen Hawaii Five-O in quite sometime, also seems more entertaining than packing.
is playing a FREE acoustic show at Coffee House in about 20 minutes!! 449 State St
The annual report goes out to shareholders and others interested in exciting innovation. This does that.
I get it, your goal is to overthrow all
. Thanks for sharing our campaign, JoAnn. Much appreciated!
Thanks for the kind words, Chris. Hope to see you on April 28.
Baby, tonight's the night
Why I oughta...
Congratulations to Compass College of Cinematic Arts on the ribbon cutting for the new school facility this morning. Top notch.
I day dream in school about ray all the time I'll be like I wonder if he was here what we'd be doing
meh the gym is overrated
<U+4E94><U+6708><U+75C5><U+304C><U+306F><U+3084><U+3063><U+3066><U+3044><U+307E><U+3059><U+306E><U+3067><U+6CE8><U+610F><U+3057><U+307E><U+3057><U+3087><U+3046>(´<U+FF65>_<U+FF65>`)Warning! May Sickness is going around recently lol
RT : IS #HEAVVYYY LOL!! EVERYONE COME TO THE BEST PARTY OF THE NIGHT!!!!
If I were born a 'Hilton' I could pay someone to get up for me.
Went to for the first time. It was delicious! I recommend there! The dessert was fantastic! Never ending salad needs work tho
Their sick... not in the good way.
#everytwittertimeline has someone mindless in my case my whole tl is mindless
Sipping and chopping it up with dad Dee!
RT : If you have to explain why it's funny, it isn't. If you have to explain why it isn't funny, it is.
lol bring them to work:)
2012 film watching! #32. A Dangerous Method (Cronenberg, 2011). A solid drama by a great director. Was a bit let down, but i did enjoy it.
"when it gets dark enough, you can see the stars" ~ Persian folk saying. Waiting for the stars....pretty dark right now. Tough weekend
Thanks bud RT : naw think he jammed his finger
Could you be anymore disrespectful? I don't understand. Where were you raised?
Who said life is like a box of chocolates you never know what your going to get? BITCH I bought a snickers I think I know what I'm gonna get
"The truth need not be veiled,for it veils itself from the eyes of the ignorant" (Hazrat Inayat Khan)
love that movie, I watch it pretty much every night! is shaping my life, obviously.
lol I don't wanna be mean but I was happy lol but I was SO MAD when we lost against the mavericks
At what time does the relay start on the 16th?
Shut up Reggie Miller.
Yep. Happens every year! President McCarthy is working on this issue for the future.
My 1/2 Jamaican Wifey: RT “: Nana asked the only black person at the rental place what the best reggae station was”
hahaha so how much longer do you have to wait?
Today was the most laundry I did for a day!!! Shiiit..I feel like I'm my own mother haha
9 More days & my <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8> comes back out !
Need Xmas gift ideas?, , LEACH, & both volumes of THE COLLECTIVE are available now!!
I love me some patent medicines!
Book a room at Stay.Hotel for the #VanHalen concert @ MSG in #NYC. Use special promo code VH1984 for 20% off bit.ly/xKPQb3
Bye bye Virginia :'(
RT : Happy Birthday Enjoy your day Frat. May your day be Golden OooOoooo66666~ ICE! Thanks Bruh!
Howdy neighbor! :) RT : Sending a big "howdy" to our neighbors, MediaLabs.
Can I get a lovely tweet from ? <3
Sorry technical difficulties, will get back by the end of the day today. Thanks.
got it homie
I love oob
UNUSUAL WORK, BUT THERE WILL BE NO PTSD. HOW COULD THERE BE, THIS WORK HEROIC. FIRST TIME IN HISTORY WE WILL PULL THIS OFF PERFECTLY.
Already like this matchup better. Allows the Clippers to highlight their weapons better. San Antonio has better offensive weapons, too.
Did you make it? What did you think of the film?
I better go 2 bed..instead jammin 2 some Tupac...going back.. California Love!!!
“: I would love to see _________ as a guest performer on the #xfactor.” ok chasters we need ur help again
just rain and fog at this time, should feel like home.
“A brand that captures your mind gains behavior. A brand that captures your heart gains commitment.” Scott Talgo at Hayes Roth
"The frog does not drink up the pond in which he lives."
Lady Gaga I Love You Video
Fashion show? Sure why not.
same here bad!!!
Mirrors 2; not as good at Mirrors.:(
reality is wrong dreams are for real
Relationships are a lot like housecleaning. If you let things pile up, it can become overwhelming and unmanageable.
I want to be just like #julia when I grow up.
Starving .. Cannott wait to be at dinner with the cousins !.
WHY IS IT SO WINDY OUT
Life is too short to be worrying and sweating about the small things. Cast it all on God and go about your business as if nothing happened.
Hi Dave!!! Does Rick Rizzs have a Twitter account? If not, try to convince him to get one when you have the opportunity.
We will be doing some free face painting for superbowl sun at Golfernoggins 1-3
will you marry me?(; i love you,
Everyone needs love, no matter how many times they say they don't
I want me in paris with you RT : I want you in Paris with me. Come stay in my pocket
so one of my best friends has a new boyfriend, i am now yet again the only single pringle in our group of friends. cool.
2days shit list contains names of any1 still sleeping while I begrudgingly make myself Work Ready I also intend on slandering ur good name
yea fuck her
yea we got too many of same niggas, we can't rebound for shit either. LeBron should not be our best rebounder
What made Y think Y were so prepared for the Masters? Why didn't Y realize the stinger Y used at Bay Hill was useless there?
are you tweeting from a new iPhone?? “: slept from after work until 11pm, now i'm up again #jetlag”
Lebron has 4 playoff game winning shots
17 days until we see again :)
Thanks for posting my video, guys!!
let's do it!
I like to take the time to kiss and hug yo body!
Getting lunch with my sister and dad(:
We love Keann because she beautiful and funny
RT : Gearing up for our meet the brewer at 5...Raspberry Beret, Rough Cut, and Mustache Rye'd!
so dat mean u can be a father the other 364 and a mother sunday lol
The letter to Kaner is pretty much everything I want to tell him. So perfect.
Next time! I'll be the girl with her hand in the air waiting for a high five...
I heard 2 Pitbull songs on 2 different radio stations on the way to the office this morning. That's a lot of excited shouting, ha ha ha.
thx! I'm subscribed to your channel so had checked it out, says it's been removed now though (let me know if you put it back up!)
"The import is part of the design" on map box streets
What a great day to be outside at Disney - which parks are your family's favorites?
Don't believe I've ever seen a building quite so covered.
all we have left is our nuts and our pride lol
Yes indeed
Absolutely! Thanks for following back & the kind words :)
gotta admit your unshakeable positivity is one of the few things keeping me from completely tuning out on this team...
Just picked up my graduation gown...Columbia is really gonna give me a master's degree? Hahahah!!
DVD Cover out!!!
Recording deomos of our new EP as we speak!!!
Ryediculous Rye IPA is being bottled at the brewery today!!! woooot!
RT : Watching do his thing at the #Coast2Coast Indusrty Mixer big ups to the whole team
Hey Randall - that's a good idea. I'm thinking we may leak a preview of the song I described yesterday. Thanks for the idea!
My PASTOR told me that any woman that is not MARRIED is FAIR GAME becuz if a her man really wants her hell put a ring on it
Imma just stop chasing her forreal
Yay! Work it! You will do great.
Celebrate the FIRST DAY OF SUMMER with HAPPY HOUR!! 1/2 price wine, beer & cocktails 4-6pm AND 1/2 price draft beer 9-11pm.
#ff RT Ever notice how you never see Val Kilmer & Newt Gingrich in the same place? Wait - yes you do; at the Cheesecake Factory.
RT : "An Organic Conversation", this Saturday at 10am - The Secrets of Biodynamic farming - on www.green960.com.
Eric Tobin said people still miss the "free goods" clasues for digital in contrats. It's hilarious.
that makes 2 of us...
Shut the fuck up and get the fuck out my house before i throw u thru the glass
crap, forgot I hit pause for a minute there...
You don't like Star Wars.
Blah. But I knew that was gonna happen.
why does have to be so good?!?!
It's Monday and you know what that means. BRUNCH. Prove you're playing hooky from you nine to five and we've got a little treat for you.
Good Monday! Hope you had a great weekend. What's on your mind the week?
That boy done signed to Bad Boy / Def Jam
haha ITS THE BEST!
Nice Urban Dictionary Define photos | parturiency
The only ppl i want around me are The ppl that will take care Of My son until hes able to take care him self if something happen to me
Haha good! I was giggling pretty hard, too. Great visual.
and I Hope you had fun at the Patriot practice on Tom BDAY! know you did.wish I was there
/ cool kids? My 15 year old drama club geek self is so excited to be a called a cool kid!
I can't help it if I believe in fate. Sometimes fate can't be rationalized. It just is.
Vitamins & orange juice before bed. So much for not getting sick -_-
- We are doing some work this Sat and if you're free - love to have you and your tiller
Great! Thanks for asking! And you...?
I told you lol
TikiDolls, we've just been given the green light for an incredible promotion just for you!! (:
If your bar advertises free wifi; your regulars are losing.
#FF #shoutout to all our awesome followers! Let's see how many I can give props by lunchtime. Ur all great!
Shout out to our new follower ! Thanks for following!
Free screenings tonight: This Means War at Cinemark 17 and Safe House at AMC Northpark and Studio Movie Grill Dallas
Bitch ima monsta, no good blood sucka, fat mutha fucka now looks whos in trouble as u run through my jungle all u here is rumbles
thanks for the mention!
Morning finals<<
Maybe I'm still under the influence of a romance language, but the colors in the sky are especially beautiful this evening.
RIP Steve Jobs -- a spectacular example of leadership for us all.
Just met a woman....first name Allison, last name Wonderland! I'm not joking.
looks great on my tablet, but wonder if 500px up scales the images to fit the screen size.
His jokes so corny it's pathetic ha but it's cute cause he try ta make me laugh/smile
I don't have to worry about anyone?
My family just surprised me in new York for an amazing secret engagement weekend party!!! Best week ever!!
You know who's an incredibly underrated musician? Nik Kershaw. I'm annoyed I can't buy 15 minutes or The Works on Itunes.
try the moulin rouge in Paris...if was really fun
that speech from kroll was the most true speech I've ever heard he was right about everthing he said
: Yup! The whole Fell clan will be in attendance.
If you are a CE provider and you don't want the over head expenses then The CE Providers Network is for you. www.ceprovidersnetwork.com
These only rate places people actually *travel* to. Suspect closed societies (North Korea, say?) would rank higher?
I have an idea for my first YouTube video: my dislikes and hates.
"Is africa made up of countries?"
So, you are saying you didn't appreciate those photos I emailed you? I'll go w/ the red speedo next time if it will help…
I love that show. Yes, it is so addicting right lol RT : This show #Snapped is crazy and addicting
Hey Rach, what did u eat today??? #JustCurious :)
Thank you for your awesome work! My students' reels look like they've been working for years or should be.
"Don't ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive and go do it! Because what the world needs is people who have come alive."...
Girl I'll be thinkin about you worldwide.
Guys who smell good <3
agreed, we would have like to seen gia get the rose rt no he should have given Gia the rose how dumb is he
Decided to finally quit my job.
Let's say that one has been teaching a course at a law school for 10-years, but not a stitch of business has emerged. Time to pull the plug?
As the end of another week draws nigh... my weekly goals are getting dominated again. I love the smell of productivity in the morning.
would hit that no.....
Thanks and the Best to You!
yes to apricots of all stripes! Hope you've been enjoying the teaching—your first day lesson plans sounded amazing :)
For sure! I'll bring mini-me next time. cc:
Enjoyed a great few days at Plasa Focus in Leeds, Seeing some great new Audio Visual equipment!! Some great stuff out there.
"Skins" ("<U+041C><U+043E><U+043B><U+043E><U+043A><U+043E><U+0441><U+043E><U+0441><U+044B>") are so freaking amazing)!
I'd make like the chillest pedophile ever.
6 more days till school is DONE!!
I will be there with my wife and son. We have our Bulls gear ready!
There is a massive ticket buying frenzy going on right now by KY fans buying up the IU tickets!
Elway admits they are not sure how the 1st round will play out.
We totally have to take your picture with it! That is, use the camera to take the picture of you with the portal gun.
great view of the harbor.
haha yeah but we will come see you soon. I think we both are in need of a wwao fix
good morning! it is EARLY.....coffee time.
whenever you want to hangout with me and kelly
get ready to get you're kick awn...hi-yah (Fallon style)!
Today definitely does not feel like a Thursday!
Just went into JS Ltd. and asked for chalk to fix their board outside from "pre-fixed" to "prix-fixe."
Happy Mothers Day to all the teen Moms. I wish you the best, and know that you aren't alone. God bless you always.
Wtf is up with all the short guys these days? Seriously, I need a tall guy -_- I don't wanna feel like a freakin giant next to him
its almost 10 your time...what the hell are you doing in bed still?
tell everyone.
ever been to the Settlers Museum of Southwest Virginia? We drive by the exit & never stop, wondering if there is value in a visit?
Silicon Valley = Pamela Anderson's Cleavage Crack
I'm not defending. I'm just reporting what he said.
I thought the same thing about the liberty bell!!!! Hahah yes!! Come!!!!!
New Followers Thank you!
RT New house music at work. And some good tracks I'm dancing here
RT : We are having an amazing Q&A session at the 2011 Christian Coaches Telesummit!
Where does everyone play online?
it appears to be service interruption in the area. techs are on site fixing
oh, cool, and international shoutout! Many thanks, aye... ;)
"If you are going through hell, keep going" Winston Churchill on
i named my turtle after you ( not to sound weird ) but he ran away /:
Natural abilities are like natural plants; they need pruning by study. Francis Bacon
"I really wanna find matt tolbert"
Happy journey around the sun, hope you have a great day :)
Delta flight returns to JFK 10 minutes after takeoff because of bird strike
maybe a demotivator?
goldeneye00086...gmail if you can still send them.
Tweet tweet bitches
I was going to send it, but then i remembered you don't want anything to do with me.. so i deleted the message & went on with my day.
Looks like I got my wish Patriots Giants Superbowl.
Creeper O.o
haven't made the move to 10 yet...still using 9...I'll probably wait till the next release.
We're relaxing at Panera Bread in Delafield. Nice to have a little rest. Next run for us will be at 9pm.
Last week twitter unfollowed for me. I re-followed...then earlier tonight I accidentally unfollowed him.
tired. but cant fall asleep. tweet me.
psh! I'll take ya both!
Lots going on this weekend-take a happy hour break!! 1/2 price wine, beer & cocktails nightly 4-6pm & 1/2 price draft beer 9-11pm Fri & Sat!
You'll be one hot Mountain Mama!
Collin may just the #TheSportingPost man of tye match a third week in a row. Absolutely perfect
Shout out 2 da NVMe Camp and the only nigga w/o a twitter Big Lex! Big thing's Coming!
Single parent households are substantially more likely to have incomes below the poverty line
Wouldn't it be nice to make as much as a rock-star for one year!
. real adults shouldn't ever be expected to remember more than like 4 birthdays.
It looks scary outside D; looks like im gonna be sleeping with both of my pillow pets tonightc:
Loved loved loved The Avengers. That is all.
Thank you! She was found abandoned in a field in Puerto Rico.
Happiness is a choice, not a result. Nothing will make you happy until you choose to be happy.
it's official! “: Welcome to the family !!”
just saw it was your birthday, have a great day!
Miley Is Marvelous OF COURS! Right?
How did I go from being tired at 6pm to still being up at midnight?!
One week away from The Big 4 (Anthrax, Megadeth, Slayer & Metallica). Can't fn wait.
is my OLD twitter !
still up? And if you're a mother Happy Mothers day
check your dm
*are NOT paid memberships
How times change. 1930 CA water plan, proud of new population growth: "1/3 of whom have come from other states and foreign countries"
My feet hurt so bad...
When your shopping at the store and It's dripping on the floor.
Microsoft Office for Mac is the biggest pile of horse crap i have ever used
. says 's 4 writers are working on both print & the blog-- print takes priority b/c it brings in $.
i have no idea what to make my next video about but i want to make one every week so i'm really torn right now :(((
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
Earlier in 1951, Allie Reynolds pitched a no-hitter in Cleveland; and his second was against the Red Sox at Yankee Stadium.
pit bull ft Jennifer lopez*
Marriage rights for all American Citizens is the only fair thing to do! I fought a war for your rights, can't I at least marry who i want?
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
Patron is the Ed Hardy of Tequila
Roger Goodell does not play!!<U+270A>
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
let me around ya bitch imma get her stoned
“: Oh, BRB, going to buy wine to drink alone at midnight. Normal. #singlegirlproblems”
Thank you for respectfully silencing anti-gay heckler are Mayoral debate.
Yum! Minestrone soup with amazing bread from Louise's Trattoria on #Larchmont for lunch on this sunny but chilly day!
When you're DITAfying, you're always in a product cycle. Yee Haw!
it's great!
I would like to learn, or remember, how to live
thank you!
that makes me sick.
I'm not wasting $100 on a party -____-
i'm still sticking with godmother...makes her seem magical lol
Did you throw water at them and say I hope you burn demons! Then close the door?
That looks painful! LOL
RT : The next time I need a laugh, I'm just going 2 watch the video of 's #gnomedex talk. He's absolutely killing.
Smuggling a Chinese bear wearing a Grateful Dead tee into art history class. What of it, Art and Civic Culture in 15th century Florence?
LOL no im watching rickey smiley on comic view
iPhone 4S or Nexus Prime? Dilemma!
There are codes that we need to get.. we jus need to decoded..
Mother's Day Brunch, Dinner and Cocktails in full effect till midnight today. Come on in! 916-706-2275. Mother's Day after party? Well, yes!
good call. I hope that includes Avicii this Friday! It's gonna be sick!!
What to do...what to do...sign and hope it works out, or keep making music another way, my own way...
stupid Twitter unfollowing people I KNOW I follow. Sorry about that
In the midst of the Christmas business don't forget to stop and Thank Jesus for saving us from ourselves.
I'm open to any location at any time however, Apryl works so still waiting on her to chime in..
Did they seriously call a lane violation on Notre Dame ? officials looking bad in this tournament. Right call, yes, but let them play.
Happy Pre-Friday, everyone! Get your work done early, so you can hang out with your FRANDZ
I know what you mean! With what they value me at, 90% of my time should be spent on Twitter!
in the Tampa Museum of Art is offering free birthday cake & gelato all weekend to celebrate #AlexanderCalders 113th birthday!
Mall Today !(:
"listeria, when you're near" (playing air guitar).....um, i mean hysteria......
A leader is someone you would follow to a pace you would not go to by yourself
what is the worst thing that your folks ever did to you? Did they screw you up bigtime or were just über cool?
right back at you, Annette! Enjoy your day!
Was sitting in a lovely park north of soho (noho?) and a gentleman a few benches away decided to start a bonfire on his bench - so creative!
Aroma of outdoor grilling! Is there one particular thing that signifies Summer for you?
So, does my amazing #firstmeal suggestion qualify me for the iPad2?????? :D
They just got Columbia, SC
Advice for young designers about realities of the workplace? DM me. Speaking to college class tomorrow. Want to give them good tips.
I'm not giving up, so I'm giving in.
See me at the Pella Window and Door booth at Placitas Appreciation Day Saturday, June 6th. The Merc. 10-3. Cars, dogs, fun and food
Virginia Tech .... Lets go Hokies
RT : The best place to hide a dead body is page 2 of Google search results
Early Literacy Programming en Español is "infused with enthusiasm," says the School Library Journal. Learn more @ www.neal-schuman.com/elpe
yes ma'am:
Pasco Trivia coming up at NOON! Check back to find out what celebrity's home was in New Port Richey!
I wanna see as many familiar faces as possible out at The Rock tonight. If you aren't doing anything, be there! -JChuck
All the gifts have been wrapped, Santa has come and gone, all the gifts have been open, family has been seen, now take care of yourself.
also true. He has always been a hard ass. He's been consistent in that regard.
FTW! RT : Tracker jackers are uncannily good @ hunting down targets. Librarians are like that w/information
I suppose your right, you betta invite me.
why won't my kisses melt??
oh man. What happened bro?
Getting started early? ;)
dam! Gunn be kicking myself for the rest of my life now!
your a heart breaker, dream maker, love taker don't you mess around with me<3
you should come anyways. It's going to be a blast!
funny, I just found that flyer. Can't remember if I packed it or pitched it.
where do we acquire DaggerWear Wayne?
After 35 mins of waiting, I've come to the realization that they must've gone to the South Pacific to catch the tilapia I ordered.
We are officially shooting our promotional trailer for One Hand Clapping 3/20 thru 3/22 in the Austin area.
Working on bookings.
Dropping off tickets today for our show with & ! Any one interested hit us up! (: NO SHIPPING FEE
RT : Watching the #GRAMMYs? We're having a great time here putting your tweets up on Grammy.com/Live, powered by !
hey! I was @ Heartbreak Hotel too! It really suck azz! Lol!) I rather be @ TRUELOVE HOTLE! GOD-4-US-ALL!) Stay-Tru!
Jay Z && Beyonce ?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> Yeahh That's Going To Be One Talented Baby <U+2764>
#CanopyBlue in Madison Park has some great new designers!!
my thoughts exactly!
Thanks for the follow!
just chillin you know You know hahaha and you love
MPF is awesome.
We are so happy to have you as part of our team!!
First time Mississippi State has closed deficit to less than four. #UMass 62, Miss St 61 with 8:15 to play.
how about a tape model of miller park? you should be a regular there in a few
Odd to hear a) soccer on radio b) Gus Johnson doing soccer, but he's such a pro.
Are you both on Jericho's side?! LOL
why not?
I had a Windows 7 experience recently. It was total bollocks! Just use Linux instead of its imitation.
1800 tequila tries to be too manly and overcompensate for its poor taste, I really dislike the commercials
Thou compassest my path and my lying down, and art acquainted with all my ways Psalm 139:3
if you don't get a RT for that I'll be in shock hahaha
Reasonable. I made almond meringues to take to a friends for Downton Abbey tonight. Just 1 pt each. I plan to eat 4-6.
One person I know is there for me when I need them.. #aftereverything. Is a good friend! <U+E414>
Happy Monday friends- anything exciting on the books this week? We'll notify our accepted vendors this week. Can't wait!
Patient engagement process (systems, staff, policy, procedures) must be very adaptive to handle time-varying patient states well - not easy
let me scroll through my followers and see if theres anyone i want to hit on shamelessly.
One thing to think about when mapping sonic cities is the ways in which they serve as sites of public address.
Tonight on 10 A southside fire destroys a family's home, plus more on the shocking college football news out of Florida
My feet are getting a little Big no!!!!
As we create digital collected eds we must think about encoding connections to other texts and to historical contexts
You are rockin' the specs, Misty!
hey , no make fun that was my curry!
Come to RAW BAR for a Kentucky Busy Bee, wild flower infused Jim Beam, Barenjager Honey, lemon, aloe, and a bee pollen rim.
that is just an untapped market.
Interviewing Bahasa-Indonesia social media consultant tomw. Any Indonesia-social media-specific interviewing tips you can share?
did the brewers hit this poor with risp early last year? Their ABs with men in position have been downright awful.
live. love. laugh ;)
": 1 chocolate chip can give a person energy to walk 150ft"gump's run across the country makes since now! Life=box-o-chocolates
not great
OR Saturday and Sunday then San Diego Monday Tuesday then Wed. and Thurs in Simi Area! BUSY WEEK!!!
Also, I hear cabin in the woods is actually very good
Cardinal pressure finally gets to them
Just scored free tix to a completely different late show
nice chatting with you...I think we are seriously on to something.
a link to mine yo.
Memorial weekend with is gonnn be dope... Oh and also
Looking forward 2 rocking this Sat night along w/ Spanish sensation
Socialism France...really?!
Less than 200 'likes' away from 2,000. Who wants some free music?! Keep up the work guys :)
Directioners now rule the fucking world.
Coach Chip
This is Socialism in action. Here in the US we call it The Patriot Act
Hell of a night :)
love that book! Recommended it to colleagues when they were admiring your branching example
Tack darling!!!
RT : A worker making the Medical Center Expansion happen talks with , Sec. Kathleen Sebelius &
When I die, I want to come back as Elon Musk.
thanks Kathy! Potential MCDM class: Visual Information Strategy??
Do the new immigration laws affect schools & the children in them?Topic coming to
u da best fatty mc fat fat <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
send me a copy of that pic please and thank you for making me a beautiful dress to wear at the show. It was perfect!
I feel like reading my new book but I have homework...
Fire siren waken me up in the middle of dead sleep at 1am -.- guess what, turned my scanner off and going back to bed!
I swear essay munchies is a real thing and I suffer from it severely.
No doubt! Great to see you and keep up the awesome work! On the net we go!
Hey Alejandro, Stop callin stop callin I don't wanna think anymore, bc u can't read my pokkeerrr face!! Going to see lady gaga april 2011!
Pletcher has won 26 NYRA meet titles and was the leading trainer on the circuit in 2011, 2010, 2004 and 2003.
is just like cocaine...only not ilegal nor nearly as expensive.
i will be moving back within the next 1-2 months...
Yay! For those who slept in this morning: The new series of QI begins on BBC2 on Friday 9th September at 10pm.
how was Spain buddy?!?
When a girls yoga pants are so loose it looks like a dirty diaper...makes ya wonder what they thinking
Another fave MLK quote: "Human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted."
Damnit my phone got cut off i can only receive calls & messages
I crie cause you leave San Antionio and you're going to mis your friens :'(. I hope you've much fun in Maimi!
birthday dinner for at mercadito followed by bottles at for come join in hombres
Long day, but productive can't knock that.
Word nerds, I need help: caveat -- can be used as verb, yes or no?
Shit, I can't even rebut. My (re)butt is huge, and today I stole a child's kite. Fail.
calming my nerves before my thesis presentation.
Thanks! I totally don't know what FF means...anyone?
One thing I learned with parenthood is my new productive time is 4am!
Makes a big difference in the stress level. Praying for peace & understanding during this time.
Nationwide- males wanted for adult video work. Nudity involved. Pay ranges from 300 to 600 dollars per shoot.
on the team a free meal every road trip)
we have not met. I believe I am on the mailing list. Used to be run by Staise? Now someone else?
RT : new book Destination~ Vienna WWII 783rd /465th US Navigator-15th AAF by Waterbury teacher Kevin W Edwards-retweet?
Can't remember the last time I was this excited to go to school
what's the perfect beer for a college graduation celebration?
I had a short stint as a serials assistant where I used it a little, but now I'm back in public services
I offer warm and creative coaching for any woman who needs an oasis, a place to rest and repair, a safe desert harbor of help and trust.
txt me boy
Foster's home for imaginary friends!
NPO I'm working with seeks gift bag goodies for March benefit in NYC - DM me for details. Reach #travel savvy and business-minded consumers.
Dainese Dyno Pro Shoes Review at RevZillacom - rain gear boots
Good night people (:
To me, writing is just as vital as air, food, and shelter. Without it, surely I could not live.
Gas prices rise for the 24th day in a row. Joy.
Ah..just came from the bay lol had some fun w/ the fam. ^_^
I thought the same thing, but they do show #Tiger real quick putting on a green jacket. cheers
He like "DAMN she fine!".
happy birthday you tall scrotum collector!
Check out our interviews with www.kylexingtoncommons.org
whois apple.com
#WhyDoiAlways fall for the wrong guys..
. is looking for new NBA and NCAA writers. If you're interested, email with a resume + writing sample.
Then again, for some, it is the only way they keep from choking each other...;)
Being one of those reviewers who said that, you may have the making of a series on your hands!
Yeah ima play COD while i wait for
so far it's been lovely. I think I'm going to very much enjoy it here. I'll miss home, though.
turn to hgtv now. Tara masterson is looking for a house
Aloha thx for the beta! Sounds like a green light!
Well hope everyone I went to school with has a great life :)
Networking events are way outside my comfort zone. But they're important for my career, so I go. Working on the small talk skills.
Jealous!! : I think I have a total of only about 24 "working" hours left in 2011. Cheers to that.
Yes ma'am!! Ima be late, tho.
I have two places one in LA and NY so yeah sometimes, today I'm in Oakland CA performing with childish gambino
Where am I? T______T so tired.......
Everyone follow and get him to 100,000 followers (:
great workout with the BF
I read it for the articles, I swear.
Happy Mothers Day
test pressing sounds awesome! Album is in full production today! Pictures coming this weekend!
I swear I'm about to shut down and push everybody out of my life so everyone be prepared to not have me around for anything
Wonder if will ever notice me :( lol
I'm sending the new joint to you now, txt me real quick 270-577-9829
SO BORED
Oh fuck. No ride today. Gotta wait at school...
RT : Thanks, #SMWLA, for a great panel - FB & entertainment - and livestreaming for who couldn't make it!
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate you remind me of my ex!
Any MKE tweets going to #OccupyMKE? I'm bringing some high school kids. Anything I need to know. We have cow bells, drums and guitar!
D'awww GL Bigfoot, I'm rooting for ya. RT : ... the shelter today. Bye Bigfoot! I hope you find a good home soon! <3
"Nothing great will ever be achieved without great men and men are great only if they are determined to be so"Charles de Gaulle
Follow me back! Is an Hot account related to Porn!;P
Gonna be a long day.
When I get a boner I put a tissue on it and pretend its Ghost n Stuff
The school libary will soon be full of computers and some books. then it will be full with students again. Libary 2.0 lets work on that!
your b-day is on the 8th!!! Mine is to :)
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 1
RT I went to see 's new movie this weekend Good Deeds. It was wonderful! everyone should see this movie.
When you write "Le Gos is a God" on your math test knowing your teacher's a Gosling fan. #HigherGrade ?
how else do you make menthe bombs?
my pleasure! Have a great weekend!
Brewers tailgate has started!!!!! Come have a drink & ride our FREE shuttle to & from the game!!!!!! GO BREW CREW!!!
I'm out here trying to make sure my family and my future family NEVER has to struggle.
. "Quote" (Smith 40) - Blah. . However, some say "Quote" (Smith 40) - Better. . However, Smith says "Quote" (40) - Good!
I've learned so much on this episode of #mobwives Carla is a smart woman!
RXPC on watch for bottom....
Sometimes I think I need to change my twitter name because everyone is intent on misspelling it.. It's 'kathrine' not 'katherine' :(
Meltdown complete - From Finals to 1st Rnd Exit. Where will Dwight Howard be in 2012?
RT : How simple. Make your interviewee look good - and s/he will help you share it on YouTube. Become a reporter.
do let one jerk ruin something that you enjoy doing...haters make you famous
HI!!!!!!!!!!! can u tell mikey hi and nick and vinny
so what is the move for the new year for you?
#nf follow back
non-Goucher applications are due Friday! Also, come in for a May ICA application! Programs going to Israel, the Balkans, China, and 5 more!
Didn't see that tweet in Schefters timeline re: Fins. When was that? Removed?
YES.........HOME DECOR AT LOW LOW PRICES!
I'm ssooooooo late for work prayerfully I still beat my boss
I am powerful & driven! I refuse 2 let anything stop me from fulfilling my purpose!
I need to tweet more often..lol..i barely tweet..lol
He lives!!! #Jesus Happy Easter to all,
lol. I'd like to see some haikus of those.
KG started talking culinary skills again. This was before things got really weird when he talked about the moon. Story will be up in AM
cause it's not fully clean until it's zestfully clean!
Just when I thought I'd plateau'd on how many fun people I could meet at one company, I meet happy hour buds &
I'm bringing sexy back .(;
Nothin to do!
No matter what it is or what you do its always negative to my dad...
People look at you strange, say "you've changed." Like I worked this hard to stay the same. -Jay-Z
Health Exercise may offer drug-free migraine prevention (Yahoo!)
what's a special dance lol
Driving to Jerome... Then to Indian pictographs
I been cold af all day smh
No problem. I'll just unfollow you because that was just trashy..not funny or humorous.
Always tough on the bench players with the elevated floor. Legs get tired stepping up so much. I feel for those guys.
While I'm sad Community is going away, I don't think I could've taken another full year of Inspector Spacetime jokes.
"did you touch my drums?" "No" "why are you all sweaty?" "I was watching cops"...stepbrothers= the<3 of my life haha
I've watched the trailer for Prometheus a ridiculous number of times! So very excited!
It pays to stay flexible in this business. Rarely does it go down as you pictured it.
#awesome yep! (:
Thanks! You too!
Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanokoniosis is an actual English word. Its a disease caused by inhaling volcanic ash, dust, or substance.
haha I just need greatest highs n my kmk collection is complete.Have all the solos minus which is my next goal
#Brewers tighten it up boys!!! Bring it back babies!!!!! Please!!!!
What is your favorite animated TV show series?
I cried because you're right. :/
Great win for #Marquette today...Battled back from 18 pt deficit.. Very athletic team,made plays on both ends and DJO was great!
its like i can't win for motherfuckin losin,
Obama Stashh is the answer
great article! Thanks for sharing.
I start another stretch at work tomorrow. I hope the next 6 days go fast!
#scriptfrenzy at , in C-ville, Virginia cause that's where the coffee and the awesome peeples be!
What a perfect, perfect Saturday. Made money by being on call but it was an easy shift. food and shopping and nap and rest and a movie!
RT Why WOULDNT you wear a condom when they got that shit called "Kids" goin around?
I'm such a nerd that I was sad when they killed off 's character on Eureka even though I knew it was going to happen
Coconut greek yogurt and coconut water were purchased in my house today
#teamfollowback follow me
Thank you to the Barbara Bush Foundation for including a book drive to support programs in #Houston!
Might have picked up a temporary job to do during my unpaid internship for some extra $$! It seriously helps to know somebody.
ohh you're very welcome.
LOL! My neck is killing me!
did you watch TheKilling yet?
#Lakers player assets are depreciating with time. The longer the wait the less gained.
today is gonna be so stressful.
the show was fantastic tonight. <3
thank you Darin. I totally agree!
Hm, let me think about that......
Looking forward to seeing From My Hometown tonight!
having some tea, listening to Hype M and summarizing a project on Evald Tang Kristensen
happy b day meng
Having these deep thoughts right now while laying in bed...
Are you on the next level of extreme fitness?
That's how our new Email-As-A-Wax-Paper-Service works. Brilliant.
Love is patient, kind, doesn't envy, cherish, believe, hope, and endure all things, LOVE NEVER FAILS.
Dude Kentucky don't play
Your perfect.
BUT CLEARLY MY SON'S SAYING CODENAMES BACK..... BUT HEY IT'S ALL THE SAME LOL
I will neva put all my trust in nan bitch. <U+2605>kwony voice <U+2605>
#summer summer where art thou? :-D
HAHA I'm following you
Happy Mother's day!
RT : A cougar is man's best friend...
Black Friday sucked.. I dropped my coffee on a cop's feet
Also, on Friday, + 's session on using #altmetrics tools to track online impact of your research (930 EST)
happy Friday! have a super weekend!
i like nickelback....jerk
When Adele sings outta my iPhone, I have to turn it down about 2 notches bc she projects so much.
Some di-abetes, cholesterol or blood pressure meds may deplete you of Coenzyme Q-10, causing fatigue, pain & risk of heart disease.
Old school frustrated writer would grab the paper out of the typewriter, wad it up & throw it. That must have felt SO satisfying.
congrats to the Michael G Santos Foundation
I need comfort
Ready for spring 11! The CAbi spring collection is simply fabulous!
Baptist, Methodist in my DNA
a friend of mine committed suicide because his girl broke up with him. he was at his all time low. ego/pride crushed
U stress me out!
Both of Leilani's Ziggy Marlry sings came on back to back. Made me smile and miss her :)
you can reach us via the contact email on our website www.entrydeniedmovie.com
I really need to be at the hill Snowboarding
Yeah, ditto to all that.
I think you covered it,
Always nice to see
We've been freshening up the exhibit in the Tompkins Cabin...we think you're going to love it!
In uppermost Manhattan, they're happening now! Just got a glorious noseful. Plus, self-seeded snapdragons in full bloom. Crazy!
Get ripped and shredded with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Did this guy just say things were getting "intamint" instead of intimate?
RT Join us at Village Inn on Academy & Palmer Park 4 free pie Wednesday 8pm See you there. Fred C.
haha sweet :D
I can't believe I lost interest in the Teen Choice Awards already. I'm never going to 'get' my high school students.
I'm suddenly very out of it today. Was going strong but now no longer.
Great chat just now with a lady who's struggling & got her connected with Trinity United Methodist's discount food ministry. God is good!
working on ppt section on tips & tricks for searching on #google, got to love it as a #research tool!
However, the OEM tubes are costly and can’t be affordable each time when you wish to change your printer cartridge
That "Ah hah" moment>>>
Notthingg much T:
Do you sit at computer all day working? Have you had your workstation evaluated for the best ergonomic support of your back, neck, wrists?
for paying 80$, the yearbook isn't that great to me.. but oh well.
“: Defense wins Championships!” Nobody knows that more than
“: Surprisingly we didn't know! Thanks so much for the invite, we would love to attend!” Great see U there
on my last plane for the day... Less than an hour until I arrive in Fort Myers!!!
It's a party!
lol. You know he had cancer so he didn't want to get attached to her & pretended to not have feelings so he's like ...
did you meet miss usa last night??
What's the research for? MBA?
will definitely give a shout out to ; email me info on the club plz hello at appcitylife.com
thank you so much!(: have a wonderful night!
Heading to in DC for the weekend to learn about reporting on super PACs
Can't say I've ever heard that before. Then again, I would never go to McD for a salad.
George Kuchar, master of the experimental film appears to be very ill with cancer. Terrible news.
Unmanned drone just flew over my head not a thousand feet up as I was walking my dogs...
#thebachelor honestly pissed... Jennifer was definitely my favorite..
We host secret house shows with live bands, record the set, and then release the tracks for pay-what-you-want downloads.
your welcome :D
first day back at since the quarter started. Not as busy as I thought it would be, probably because I'm working afternoons now...
Morning and Goodnight and thanks for the RTs!! Have a wonderful day!
:] Anything For Anson! Because Your Such An Amazing Singer And Guy!
Chicks dig tattoos.
Jeff Clark -- Drinking rawmilk reduces allergies, atopy and improves GI function (more probiotics).
Oh, nevermind. 4sq just wanted a version date. HackAPI updated, all back to normal.
that's like saying "I'm not like most girls"-Most girls. nuff said
We are a wine bar, wine retailer, deli, wine storage facility & event space at 1735 Hancock, San Diego. Lots of free parking in back.
RT : Moses just unlocked the Parting the Red Sea badge on Foursquare [with 40,000 others.]
um. Should I treat you like a hoe ? Cause you didn't follow me back. So does that mean your a unfollow ?
What makees you beautiful is number 10!
Did you make a difference in somebody's life today?
uhm, he was about 5'6, I think, lol. & yes, he's so sweet <U+2665> he s amazing, dude.
lmao! i'm done with you.
I'm gonna brew a #beer called "Monday" so when people say "I got a case of the Mondays" it will mean we are all about to get drunk.
Nice. Bo Ryan and #Badgers will take on former assistant Tony Bennett and his #Virginia squad in the ACC/Big10 Challenge on Nov. 28.
Now I definitely need to watch Thor. Loved him in The Avengers!
lol ok I will
I hope you'll have time to visit me in the Phillips Academy Archives when you visit the F. Holland Day show at the Addison.
Thank you to our nearly 700 followers on #Twitter, we appreciate your support, #JAM2012 events will be tweeted soon!
nothing like going back to the old favorites with new perspective
When one door closes, another one opens. When both doors close you're probably in my panic room.
Anyone have Bill Clinton on a #debatebingo card? If so, can you pick some lottery numbers for me?
let's make it happen
The language of flowers: Send him or her an exotic plant. It will grow right along with your relationship.
Valid point. Guy on Pintrest =
You're saving your love for 5 boys that don't even know you exist.
thinkin dale sveum should pull this dude.. or... leavem in... dont mAtter...
“: Man, I love the way Shaka Smart's teams play. Totally committed and locked in defensively.” They play with confidence.
Doin my nails , drinking a beer and watching basketball... What I call
#CelebrityTwitterPasswords Kim K. -- (One cheek two cheek)
at the crib and you are no where to be found
#whydontyou take your own advice instead of giving to other people..
Aw.I'm crying right now :'( You & Austin are best buddies.It even hurts me to see him leave you.</3
hushpuppies for lunch! *so* excited!
Oh man.. we tricked you! Hopefully an will come your way soon.. or just come to this Columbus!
at 200 we will have an admin contest, and that is when we will start posting. -Allie(:
Hi Lauren, do you provide this service only in California or also outside California ?
County pension subcmte + County Board + Springfield. Appropriate start to what looks like a long, difficult week.
For free tix to the Takers movie send ur pic holding a hand made sign "WHO ARE THE TAKERS" with "mysoflo.com" underneath to
Who else has seen a snow mobile go 155 mph lol
yes he is. I'm so happy and grateful!!! We are really gonna celebrate on Friday!!!
my pleasure!
Been a long and stressful day so glad i can come home and watch jackass and be in a better mood!:)
so far so good
Where did the #fatsotour end up taking you in STL Aziz?
Who is going to ABAI?
"If I tell you I just got out of a relationship, bitch run...fast" - things I say
Meeting at work, means free FOOD!!!! YES
John Waters in the office
okay, so what is we expanded our search to the northwest? Every idea I have is downtown, bayview or eastside--too far
I agree. Way too many turnovers.
Hahahaha i looked ain my wallet and i only got $1 -_-
"Where can dora find the chocolate tree?" I DON'T KNOW WHY YOU'RE ASKING ME, YOU'RE THE FUCKING MAP.
Happy meals make me happy :)
rip smokin joe
I didn't know those still existed!! None in the New England! <<ThankGoodness>>
dude we can watch that again anytime. I will watch that movie 3 times in theatres. HULK!!!
I just heard you support Alec, a powerful right wing group that helps write extremist laws like "stand your ground." True?
And may the casket be lined with Huxtable sweaters.
you're blocked!
...the secret is to finish what is started. Or maybe that is what gets us in trouble. Start what needs to needs to be finished.
not an excuse, but that call on Rose w/ wade shooting 3 was complete crap. Boozer is a moron, Rose missed clutch free throws
Elephants are magnificient creatures - pure beauty.
you already know!!! Your ready for Friday :)
hmm- I see what you did there
Creating community:
Think I'll watch the conclusion of this #devils v #rangers game then switch to the Lakeshow.
Shaving razor on the floor at the library...eww, dookie.
Always wanted to try this! Would we need to bring anything? RT : see you tonight at 7PM for ! anybody can join for $12
What's everyone's plans for the weekend? Besides coming in to get a tan of course :)
yeah, I think I found those two points you're missing ...
Text me bored -____-
LOL! Haha what can I say?
#frontline program "money, power and wall street" proving once again why America needs
Yep, they really imploded. All the frustration led to a meltdown. They came out strong tonight, but could never regain control.
that's cute...
thank u for rubbing it in hahahah
I see has joined the Twitter army!!! #finally!!!!!
the time is changing so fast.one day we are looking for sticks,stones and bricks to play with.the next day we have ps3s,xbox-360s,and more.
Oh. I have an American flag on my house. Do you love that one?
That's the right kind of mentality! RT : Home again. Time to start planning for the next Hawaii vacation
thanks for all your hard work at Malice Domestic!
C'mon MJS, thats bad Wisc. scholarship. Coven is the movie Am. Movie is abt. Coven follows N'western, which was never made.
Brian Maguire: office hero.
a FAT ass or a BIG ass ?!
Both! Either! Official #MainStreets are affiliated w/ our program, but same ideas for others.
pays tribute to Sparklehorse with Emperor X as in-studio guest. This and more on Radio Freedonia from 2-4 PM on wtju.net or 91.1
Girl in this class dreams of being the first female GM of the Ravens. She looks like she has a better chance of starting for them.
BE ON THE LOOK OUT FOR AGP NEW MIXTAPE 2012 PARTY NOW DIE LATER DROPPIN @ THE END OF MARCH FAREAL NAH!!!
Do you offer early registration?
be there at 8:15 right?
lol you know you love me
Now THAT's funny!
lol, I hope so, because I'm working on a new project involving it, something new to delve into. :)
see you tonite.. btw, try to get an invite to the pyladies/surveymonkey party (ask at pyladies booth)
Hey Beverly. Bringing back Reaching Latinos Online. Look for an invitation from for a chat!
We're here! Bedtime.
Snowstorm: a gift from the Nielsen gods to my friends in the throes of the February Sweep!
this is so funny/weird. Who made it?
the showers? Lol do you mean show? :) xx
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAH omg I wanna see xD
this is much more fun to watch. The problem is still the same this organization refuses to spend money on quality pitching
thanks for following!:)
sending one your way now (:
Occupy Wall Street Movement in NYC is real like flesh. Young people of color get involved your numbers are the highest in America for jobs.
Great workin hard as usual
Just heard Charlotte alumni present how the Fellowship helped to integrate transit & community development plans
It is easier to write an indifferent poem than to understand a good one.
Prohibition created strange bedfellows of "bootleggers & Baptists" - maybe we need that synergy in #ag #policy. - Mark Muller
Do you normally work in a photographic studio? Are you bored always working behind closed doors?
"Excuse the Mess: We are Remodeling"
Markets are a leaking indicator. We forget as answers for every point needs to be explained by the suits as what's news now
The night is young!
hope to see you soon in new york
hell yea do it bro
Oh gosh, RT I love it when dark-skinned Puerto Ricans grow out their hair.
I'm getting tired.
When my mom says "calm down cujo" I get pissed off. That's my saying. Don't use it against me.
WILL DO. I just have to catch up on work that I was supposed to have done weeks ago 0____0 this week is going to be a blast
God wants to bless us where we are. Joel Osteen
Great feeling that I Also have tomorrow off too! Cute for me !
Is it Keyla? I saw her tweet about it earlier today. A bag of nuts in her pic haha!
Two and a half more inches of rain in two hours. Wow.
I have a lady-crush on her, and I only moderately like the show. I just don't think she's worthy of hate (the show, though, might be)
There are an unusual amount of butterflies this year.
Lehggo!!!!!! Those ugaly rats and don't know what's coming lol smh
Whenever I poke my cat in the eye and he gets squinty, I feel bad and poke him in the other eye, so I can pretend he's just really high
people nowadays r more worried about gettin the next text from thier crush instead of the more important things lik
Look at you being active on twitter! Yeah, Jack was excellent. I'm sure there will be another opportunity to hear a version soon.
Texture post today was EXACTLY what I needed!
I Believe That We Will Win!!!
I like your show and the featured artist Ywada... Good job yall! D Powers Texas Follow
oh Alrighty then
No more of my plugs bruh....get ur on
That's just pure- Sheen ius
balance to the force
Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic Zeros - very sweet, wonderful, lovely...
yea he does, n his instrumentals are dope
Venus hell nal <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
how did the upload go? Did it take!
Thank you for your question! We're about to ask it soon. Stay tuned!! #digidoy DMIS
I would love to get a S/O from I so love him!!!!
Rapid knowledge increase = fewer experts, need to specialize, reach for help, foster social participative learning communities.
Follow , help'em hit 3000 followers by august 1st.
I think forget me not blue
guess who is one of the captians for softball?!;)
RT : Life is short!! Enjoy it people !!
I hate homework :(
Haha, ew I know, that would've been TOO awkwardly weird .-.
Twitter: women tweet 30% more than men.
:'[ Wanna sleep but can't...ran out of sheep to count and stars to mount!
Got an espresso machine at work today...aw yea
LMFAO I died <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
wow Danni. That was mean
Thank you everybody for coming out! I'd say it was pretty good for an acoustic show. New video update coming soon!
No card for us. RT : Where's the day of thanking us spinsters for not kicking our nasty genes forward into a new generation?
While transforming our ability play our game with with integrity, faith and passion
Friends are like snowflakes: if you pee on them they disappear.
wear your eye patch on both eyes!
Hi Lacey. It was nice to finally meet you in person at yesterday's #smckc happy hour!
Assess the results. Survey. Debrief. Learn. Stop the insanity, if things don't work, do something different.
Been shopping at the thrift store for my 1yo. Pretty sure he's wearing girls jeans today.
go frogs
Do U Know Him Does He FOllow u
We have more than 13,000 books. Open 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. today!
St Paul MAGIC weather is in da HOUSE! : RT this if your hometown is having incredible spring weather this evening!
like there is a big hole in my heart </3.
“: I love looking through everyone's prom pictures on facebook #creep” lol Leah I love you
Great lecture last night by my fav illustrator, & bonded over art history influences in illustration! Thx !!
"why am I an asshole" "sexy princess monkey, I wonder the same thing " k siri
To the Soul that knos it own Divinity All else must gravit8. *Come2Me* Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!
Time to lay in my comfy bed, eat junk food, and watch movies until I fall asleep.
Math knit-itude will do it every time! Just don't geek out till you freak out... sudoku will calm you.
R.I.P Whitney Houston
you from China? Anyway, just follow me back.
Just basically bathed in Aloe lotion. Ok.
Thanks for the follow...GO WHITE SOX
Ann, if you would like a copy of my book for nothing, please let me know. Leave me a note. Hugs.
Thanks very much!
Kenny: to finish: the neck was made around '65 by Frank Ford at Gryphon Str. inst. in Palo Alto. Love it!
OH MY LORD!! is on inside edition today!!!!
Well, I'm almost done with the preconference at #TXLA12. Interesting stuff. Conf. Welcome Party in half an hour.
When Kahn tells us his life story instead of doing a lesson.
hahahaha one of our baseball talks. Dewey, whatever you do, don't try cocaine. Don't do it!
Wow...the opening of that remembrance is pure poetry...RIP Mr. Scruggs...
Like the Wicklesshop Candles page on FB to win a Scent Sampler Pak: A $40.00 value! www.wicklesshop.scentsy.us for Fall/Winter catalog.
my REAL id got rejected at a corner store last night. girl gave me SASS too :0
I'm a sometimes delayed on my tweets. As you know.
Uh oh...old face coming back to the Pack? RT : Very interesting things going on now..., stay tuned!
girls prefer a small night sometimes...?
Let me know if you have any questions, maybe I can be of assistance?
#GoTribe Anyone wanna go to the tribe game tonight?
very nice my kind of guy
YO! I'm on the intro track right now. Already sounding good.
check ur email SON! boom!
SIx-hour fantasy baseball draft is in the books.
Locals , I Feel Adventurous and Acrylic Lies have all been added to the show on October 30th at The Polish Club.
Watching Oprah's
You always find things you missed the first time around. Hope it continues to encourage and inspire you. Blessings ^staff
The Sandwich Rule: If they weren't born by the time you were old enough to make yourself a sandwich, they're too young for you! --
Flying in Sunday for 2 weeks. Make sure you answer the door :-) lol
Soo... I guess finna fight this fly though ... SMH !
hey there :)
How did Dominic get the name PT?
is at 007 w/ Nick and friends.... And breathing in a lot of smoke. Oy.
Skipping bewteen Syfy Channel monster movies,A&E's Beyond Scared Straight and Comedy Central's Stand-up Showdown.
The Opera dude gave me goosebumps. Don't judge me.
i know im stupid!
Just because you were born in '97 doesn't make you a 90's kid.
I <3 my son. That lil negro knows how to win me over , smh , I gotta stop giving in but them cute big bug eyes & pretty smile I can't resist
“Sex is more than an act of pleasure, its' the ability to be able to feel so close to a person you're a part of them.”
Congratulations! You'll love it. Medill Power!
Marriage. became #RollTide & became #Ravens fan. Everybody wins.
RT : A4 Well, the only criteria is to have radio ready music !! We look for music we like and the fans are requesting
awww. what time do you normally get up? here in afghanistan, i work 9am to 9pm, wake up at 7:30am. Ugh.
Think I shed a few pounds today in the gym with
Students for a New American Politics (SNAP PAC), nation’s largest student-run PAC, endorses Kaine for senator.
Im going to PA too!
'We have stayed at Casa Morada several times, each time has been a beautiful memory.’
Happy Mother's Day! ;D Xoxo
Smh that scared the shit out of me !
Thanks so much and for your great live-tweeting of the #NAICU Annual Mtg!
HIVpositive client started with in 2010, weighing 97 lbs & today he's 50 lbs heavier thanks to our services!
This mustachioed grandpa kept farting during yoga and then shooting me mischievous looks.
Is this a jazz snow?
Of course!!! Also great to places to escape from the almost spring snow.
Who u know thats 19 that bought their own car have their own place and never took a handout once
OMG yesterday was the worst day ever!! Everthing that could go wrong did!!! So glad its over and I can start fresh today!
"is really a furry??" - an anonymous (and serious) UT Law Student.
Spanish language doesn't have a word for "accountability", therefore concept doesn't exist -Olson
Stairway To Heaven on the harp.
omg walter we forgot to talk about the son.. that was so sad!
"That's why yo ass smell like obituary paper"
RT : FREE DOWNLOADS - "CLG Distribution Free Music Sampler - Fall 2011" | 15 new songs for free - bit.ly/prJMIl
Are you guys playing MP3 already? My copy is getting delivered today. I'll be on later for sure!
that was your quote too wasn't it?
Decision is the gas for life
Graduated from youth leadership Blount & thankful for all my lovelies from it
The girl I'm with just sucked the lime out of the bottles neck..... My balls just did a jig!
A Darker Side of Things and let me know what you think. Please forward this message to all of your family and friends.
Breakfast. “: If you gave up meat for lent, reward yourself with a nice brat and a liter of beer today. Monday calls for it.”
Anybody else having trouble with #fiverr? I'm not getting any response
This world's an ugly place, but you're so beautiful to me
call it what u want sounds like grounded hahah, lay down the law lol
Oh, stop. Not sure it means much other than that I've used Twitter too long and occasionally, too much.
get bakk online I'm ready
Garrus is my favorite. :D
was we supposed to be playing somewher tomorrow before sharrahs thing?
Cooking dinner #AGirlsGottaEat. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Well sorry for having fucking feelings
lol that's what it seems like
“: um, i'm allergic to pineapple, if you were a real friend you would know that #suburgatory” -- hope nothing major happened
she's super cute!! pinch her cute cheeks for me hahah? :)
I'll be posting some new pieces on etsy today! yay
I have Put Your Hearts Up stuck in my head! I know all the words ;) haha oh and love you !<3
Outstanding power lunch with the great - Always informative discussion about tech trends and user experiences.
Good morning everyone and a Happy Mother's Day out to all you moms. Way too many of you to say to individually. Enjoy your day :)
good night
When your eating her out and her breathing patterns change or speed up, that means don't stop, shes almost there. #BMB”
Coach Ort may know more about horses than football.
...and you need to be very proud about it too :-)
HEY! Nice page(:
Forgot to mention that Jay Rock really shined on that Black Lip Bastard remix. The best I've heard from him
Romo is gonna blow up this year
Rise and shine on a #blackfriday morning! Come visit us at 4th and Pike in Downtown, by Macy's! 10:00 am till whenever.
Oh well , too fucking bad!
Disciples of California Games
I h8 it when my mom says "it's my house so you live by my rules"If it's your house why don't you clean your own house on your own LADEH.
agree with you sir.
u have a hot new follower!!
Timely for semantifying Open URL framework for context-sensitive services based on ANSI/NISO Z39.88
Take out the validators (just to make sure they entered email address and it's in right format) and ok Page.IsValid is true now. BUT
Stunning is correct! We love this issue!
“: Saad Mohseni of MOBY group: big rise in local, independent media across Middle East #predict2012 #twi2012” stay tuned...
yeah i agree caitlin. so frustrating. i believe though.
Howdie ! Love spots like Restaurant Zoe. Or greasy spoons w/ great pie. During #SOBCon mentioned we should grab a drink.
said your not suppose to wear a seatbelt in the back seat <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
i <3 my trampoline!
I know those words all too well. No more sympathy & or empathy. I've tried to the point where I can't try anymore.
My mom just told me she's waiting to see if i'll make it to twenty.
Don't be exploited! Mechanical licenses, Copyrights, MIDEM, SXSW, Harry Fox, ASCAP, BMI --- don't have a clue? Stay tuned I'll tell you!
#thingsidowheniamalone 1.dream up new ways to torture my students, 2.play far too much
I'm So Tired Of Being Sick And Tired!!!!!
[1Cor7:2-5] In a marriage each renders due benevolence to each other. Neither has power over their own body, the power belongs to the other.
Oh wow! Today we drove by the thrift store that we shot one scene at in Van Nuys --and it's CLOSED! So sad. :-(
Hey Rachel, thanks for following !
good luck :(
having dinner with CIRL labor libns @ Marrakesh. Belly dancing !
So pumped for Pumpkin Potluck!
Princess Marie of Denmark studied abroad Switzerland and US, welcomes #eaie2011 to Copenhagen.
It is 9AM in the Southland. Mostly cloudy day here in Los Angeles, rain tonight and tomorrow. Open houses on Sunday should be sunny...
Ugh I'm so fucking bored
apples n peanut butter has been the bomb since pre k.
Any hot guys... Have a KIK text me (:
RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83
Exploring Australia today with Jon and the Aussie Pops!
Are these the same teachers that are feeling left behind with/about 21 Century learning? How would you help that teacher?
Absolutely. Thanks for the follow back!
Memories, Mistakes, and Mishapps are what life is all about. You learn from all of them.
i hate walking the dogs -_-
My Love Just Made my Day with that Simples cute Text =)
you used to make this wegmans hot Thai soup. it became a comfort food for me and then u dropped it.
w/ my three nephews in SF, CA. They like Twitter better than FB cuz more wrestlers tweet. The oldest is 9. Cool huh. They luv u!
I saw In taking 5 I love tha movie :)
How can you tell which kid on the playground is the trombone player's kid? He doesn,t know how to work the slide and he can,t swing!
Which place?
My brother Cuff just made the sense just now.
If it was not for copyrighting on the term LCG we would be using it already.
RT : It’s World Salt Awareness Week! Try to eat #lesssalt by using herbs & spices instead of salt when cooking. More tips:...
Alera York Series Mid Back Swivel Tilt Chair, Black Leather. Each
today was just not that great of a day... at all.
Let's fight Twitter spam by refusing to auto-follow, and then block all spam pages immediately.They will be swiftly removed from the system.
Lol the fakers gonna get blown out FTL!! Make koMe really sick
thank you!
RT if you want Microfilm to do a remix of one of the new singles!! Thanks!!
Is it really that hard to find a girl who doesn't want a dbag? I used to be a dbag and somethings that i did still make me question myself.
matching bowls with my brother:)
I knowww its awful. I even washed mine yesterday and its covered already!
looool definitely not apush homework, we don't even get homework like that
: Let go of the word hate, it compromises your nervous system and causes sickness.
Marriage and Morals is Number 1 on our Father's Day List by Bertrand Russell. Winner of the Nobel Prize.
Excited to have here for their Legacy Weekend to learn about discipleship and investing into others lives for an eternal impact
!!! RT : I'd Be Broken If Things Don't Go As Planned..
"People who work together will win, whether it be against complex football defenses, or the problems of modern society."
SMH. Not too many things worse than a self hating Black person.
yup, they will suck out grease, hot air, etc....Just be careful you don't exhaust all of your delicious coffee....LOL
Finding love is like trying to find a four leaf clover
Game 6 of Clippers Grizzlies should be intriguing. The health of Blake Griffin and Chris Paul could be the series.
LOLOL MO THAT IS NEVER AN "Ew" SITUATION!
yes I am hoping can create drupal module for citability that can also do an advanced citation by adding URN:LEX!
Join me on Tin Pan Thursday, March 29th for Songwriters with Fagan, Hayford, Reed, E ...
Hahahahaha I was just picturing this!
Hey , great advice for making sure your tax professional balances maximizing returns and obeying the law!
Another busy day! Can't wait until Friday!
I don't know Pam McGee. But how could such a laser-focused hard-ass raise such a yutz-y doofsteak? Or... or was it inevitable?
Eating soo.. brb =)
Have't been here in a while...How's everyone in tweet world? douggieb
I later repudiated at least 30% of it (evidenced by my scores on "worldview tests") but when I read "How Now Shall We Live?" it changed me.
RT : #MoreFemalesShould try and improve themselves, and stay positive rather than picking another girls faults out for them.
I'm excited to see Syracuse football in Philly!
Thank you -- looking forward to it!
Happy Dr. Seuss Day! What is your children's favorite Dr. Seuss book?
Primary reason was the weather. We want to put on the best bouts we can, and the rain affected too many events last year.
Well fro when I went to McDonalds tonight some girl asked me if she wanted to sit with her friends and I bet it was because of the
Wanted by Hunter Hays >>>>>>> Me gusta.
In dreams begin responsibility. -William Butler Yeats
Thanks, John!
Omg You Should Call Me
My birthdays on the 7th you guys. i gladly accept forties.
- Any Pittsburgh news lately?
The entertainment industry has lost an amazing artist, RIP Adam Yauch.
I don't know what to do I like this guy some of my friends supports me but some dont aahh
yes. Inside you
Lol some motivation from the one n only pacman last nite
if there were absolutely no obstacles in your path, what would be your dream?
That passionate stare before a kiss
umm, when do you usually get up?
Hahaha, Just burned my moms toaster.
and let's not forget they employ shawcross
Just made a massive green thai curry with what?--yes, prawns inside. is so lucky
Happiness is drinking a Venti Non Fat Latte Schiphol in the early morning.
Anybody interested in me liveblogging some company downsizing?
ok hey I am gonna c if i can tweet on other account :)
More work today on #TheTownThatDisneyBuilt So much rich #Disney history to discover, and amazing stories to tell about
All's well.Thank you for the kind words. I enjoyed doing the interview with and found his Donnie story touching
Also, were "fanny" packs meant to be worn across the butt? Thus the "fanny"?
one of The Information Age's larger ills, IMO - who lost the f-ing Users' Manual to these screens we bow before?
#10basicfactsaboutme I just dyed my hair& I don't like it.
I was a little nutty when my daughter was a newborn but now I'm a free-wheeling former germaphobe.
jk what i said before! it was just my computer jacking up :)
My solution is to never put one up.
that's what I do best ;) lol
Ride's over but the extra-hot embrocation is just starting to kick in.
concert friday?? #ithinkyes :D
I am ready to accept what lands, sticks, misses, or hits the fan. ""When it rains, it pours.""
that is about the dumbest thing I've ever heard. Makes sense that iowa and neb would that dumb
Going out to dinner with my love! Have a great night....I hope all of you get some booty tonight! ;)
this vicky d. whoa !
Happy Mother's Day to all the YANKEE Moms out there doing the right thing and raising their children to be YANKEE fans! =)
I'm in Clovis. Part of me wants to see Wolfe Manor!
People are always hatin on my mullet. It makes me want to grow it longer.
great game!!!
Also how did we get to such short school days. How can a teacher even attempt to get everything in on these 4, 5 school days.
“We need to think about how we create our content using consumer centric terminology” -
So thankful for you Friend! =) Hope 2 see u soon!! x
This a good as game
u should say something comforting like "I'm sure everything will be okay". -__-
HOW CAN NEW MOON GET NOMINATED FOR BEST MOVIE ON THE KCAS AND LOSE TO FREAKIN ALVIN AND THE CHIPMUNKS?!?!?!?! AAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!!
u keep telling itself that. I'm sure that's how Yankee fans feel when they go on and on and on #puke about all their titles
"Leaders don't create followers, they create more leaders."
Are you the Benjamin that was recently in Mitch Lippman's class at NBC/Uni?
Fuck i wanna cry u.u
up late watching "home strange home" the Arizona cave home is the most amazing thing I've seen in 15 years!
Peggy Noonan just asked if N Korea was a "whack-ocracy". Excellent term.
Thank you! :)
you got grounded
I'm interested as well for march 9 to 13
Trying to shoot our first Nicaraguan sunset. Runnin out of time. Zooming towards a mountain
Loved it! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080> RT : #kurtsaudition he's too cute <U+263A><U+2764>
Watching a re-run from July of Letterman with . She looks so hot! Lost 90 lbs and still has the best sense of humor ever.
Hi Michael, thanks for following me, would you have an interest in a free recruiting tool to grow your numis business?
Next time I decide to run in the wind, please stop me.
You too! Great discussions, good food for thought (and good Greek food), smart people. I had a great time!
Tired of this busted azz gym. Question is...24hr or LA?
My lotion bottle is made from recycled material, and it says, 'please re-recycle.' Isn't that re-redundant? -Michelle
hope they win!
the kings take the win today! 4-2 :D
a week?! SHATT !! lmao they've got good cases of liquor on deck. Hell that's the best grocery store fuck a jewel lol
I will #Follow ya back in a bit gotta get my #Grind on!
Your portfolio and website are fab!!
Sitting @ iupui for a couple hours and I've seen more genuine babes (not dusty hoes) than I have in 4 years at gbn.
Oops I'm awake
I played 9 more at Grant yesterday!
HATE that! *waves* HI! lol!
follow me hombre! Btw I wanna see in Nashville soon...I'm sick of watchin country drummers all the time
Champ shoulda had that pick
wanna get in a jello pool with me? hahahahaha that sounds sketchy
Mosses from an Old Manse - it's the 1855 Preface to Leaves of Grass's bad older brother.
If the end is so much better, why don't we just live forever - Shinedown
Sorry , question was how do you plan to repair streets.
I now pronounce you and as an official couple. You clearly do things we didnt :p
dumb assess
Don't use aerosol non-stick sprayers! Gourme Mist is healthier than those other non-stick sprays and better for the environment!
Congratulations on your Grammy nominations!!! They are extremely well deserved!
When you finally get something good, enjoy it, keep it, cherish it. Don't go on trying to look for something better.
"A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on." - John F. Kennedy, who was killed 48 years ago today.
That awkward moment when one of your parents sends you a friend request on facebook and you click, “ignore” o_o
is guzzling caffeine to keep up with Milt Rosenberg and two other guests on WGN Radio from 10 p.m. to midnight.
i miss some things about you ...not saying what they are. :)
A boy becomes an adult three years before his parents think he does, and about two years after he thinks he does. - Lewis B. Hershey
Oh snap?
neither. Audi kid.
The Darjeeling Limited is a really good movie. Self-referential, funny and visually striking.
At Veteran's Terrace wedding show in Burlington today. Stop by and see us in booth 103!
Ah...I JUST had a granola bar...not "quite" the same as you...but, "great minds think alike - sorta". Good doc visit today!
Good Morning! Go Packers! Remember WE Build Apps for iPhone and Android. Have a great Friday, check out my cooking videos
We're in Miami and there's no H&M.
“: Like A Prayer. Me. Being myself and psyched about the hottest halftime show ever. #BeYouBe7UP ” Go CeeLo!!
Thanks for the RT !
it won't let me follow u
tired of contestants happy just being on #Survivior & laying down just to see how far they get!
musical, happy, and random :D how about you?
Girls freak me out -
where abouts in Sconie are you from?
They look really lil on this court
Great day here.... off for weekend training with Mistress Susan... can not wait!!!
Why am I so tired?
awesome! Just turned it on. RT : Shoutout to On MSNBC in her hoodie!
yeah Claire's probably has the cheesy stuff but I wanna look and see(:
I'll put it again in reply to yours :)
white lion? White dragon?
Got to school early thanks to love you gur ;D
... funded by wealthy foundations, which preach individual upward mobility as salvation without ever critiquing ...
Happy Monday! What did everyone think about the Steelers game?
wow! nice! ...thanks :) Yeah Dizeen is one of the biggest snow resorts in Iran.
I love my dog
you can when you're able to play with your friends digitally! It's one of the reasons I haven't been out in 2 mths!
lolololol hopefully & agreed
Good Morning! McCafe to start the day.
Community Season 2 DVD Today. Pretty pumped
me too rt ": Watching America's Got Talent."
#DidYouKnow Low #literary costs $73 million per year in direct health care costs. A study by put costs much higher.
oh, I love that. I've got a bottle infuriated fridge. It might be next or Blanche de Chambly
Watching a nightmare on elm street :o
Sometimes I feel like the only answer is running away I know what to pack and where I would go...
5 more minutes?
We are in Solvang, CA! Awesome town! Very pretty!
goodnight everyone :)
Ruby is just what's hot-not convinced it's worth the time investment; probably easier to learn PHP than strt from scratch
There are 39 new players on the #NFLTop100 list. 6 of them are in the bottom 7.
Husband is making jambalaya for dinner in the crock pot. Smells amazing!
son of a.....the game is at 310.
Why do we park on driveways and drive on parkways?
my lah"baby came n seen me at work:)
My bro shows #DIAMONDLANEMUSICGROUP hella luv on his mixtapes and when he does shows
i helped you out sister !
I'm not strong enough for the both of us. What was I supposed to do? You know I loooveeee you! <3
tomorrow gonna shop till i drop with my boo Kasey
YOU HAVE GOT TO TURN ON THE TRUMPET AWARDS ON TVONE!!!!!
haaai I am great! How r u?
hope you feel better <3
Great weekend so for
"Stephen's ex Steve... " sums up why gay gossip is so confusing. Especially with a buzz. xoxo Saloon Boy
Nevada Caucus time! It's really a battle for second place: Ron Paul or Newt? Any predictions?
Lmfaoo RT : Niggas know I call my porsche the baby elephant yee ain't talking money then you got a speech impediment
When your 1 and a half year old brother says I love you Seth >>>
Bout to do my push ups
I ALWAYS get stuck behind the SLOWEST PPL <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
RT Al Qassam: " We will not stand silent and would respond to Zionists' crimes" // Are they talking about hail?!
i miss my dog ):
CHEERS to A Quarter Century of A Crazy, Beautiful Life!! So Many Blessings, Lessons, & Triumphs. TY Papa Dios <3
RIP Dick Clark. You showcased so many deserving stars and New Years Eve will rock a little less in the future.
So I am officially an intern on the production of a small documentary being made here in LA! Exciting!
Looking forward to my first Media Marketplace learning more about #Indiana tourism, towns and events!
i now this time ima be there too !! Do they have the certain dates?
Go to keek, search Haylee Carnes, and watch those video's! We were new at it, so dont laugh(:
Soo looks like its just me and going down to PVAMU because my bestfriend Krin punked out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Shorty so nice, I don't mean polite, When I say nice, I mean looking right.
If familiarity breeds contempt I know myself even better than I thought I did.
The Grinch!!
Trying to finish up THE SCENT OF RAIN AND LIGHTNING (Nancy Pickard) for Monday Morning Mystery book group.
#Peacekeeping... bases on the willingness of member states." Susana Malcorra
what did you like about the Raven?
aw that stinnks
Check out NWSE Photo contest winners at facebook.com/go.nwse! Thanks, everyone, for the great photos you entered!
"Life's short so play hard and stick hard...the only time you love them is when your dick's hard"
I cant wait til im off, I just wana go home.
great morning to u
Basketball gods gave him his jumper back. He shot 8-12 outside the paint tonight.
I use my phone thats why lol
In English class with my homeskillet jessica mutha effin chavez ! :)
same here
Friday Morning Zoo Crew! Lemme hear y'all roar!!!
Forget what you heard, recognize what you see. I know you heard the rumors...now here's the real me.
WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED.
My condolences go out to you and your family and you are in my prayers.
Seriously, it's amazing outside! Get out and enjoy it if you can. Extended lunch break anyone?
don't worry I'll have a lot of free time in the summer
Paul pierce and Ray Allen for the 3 point finals. I'm not a Boston fan but those are my boys!
Trust is vital to success! We're glad you took that message away from
Cool kid + Funny Joke + Serious Parents = Lecture. All. Da. Time.
This month there will be a solo piano performance at F. Scott's Monday the 20th. I will be needing to unleash some of my jazz angst.
ah yes, because can't b found among the noise.
I'm currently making some changes in my life. If you don't hear from me anymore then you're probably one of them. :) RT
Friday!! Nobody can get me down on a Friday :)
what you you doing at the university of san diego?
LMFAO true story...
Hi Tristan. If I'm making the correct face (in my head)/name connection, I remember you. Where are you working?
Out tonight to Miami beach with my familyy.
you are wrong about Ron Paul and his supporters.
Boris Expected To Win London Mayor Race
with apple juice right haha
that suckks! Order some off ebay or amazon or soemthing!
Talking about conflict management in #MBAUSF class today.
u going back tomorrow? If so, I may see u there.
We'll have some larger-than-cell-phone-quality photos for u later in the day. Hang in there and happy Friday!
if you didn't care you wouldn't have said anything to me so go cry about it I don't give a fuck.
Facebook or Twitter? Which one do you like better?
I seriously have NO FUCKING IDEA. They're starting to scare me tbh..
No, iPhone, it's Roethke, not Rothko.
RT : m i had the tamale plate again it was delicious!
It was a wonderful event! Thank you for the tweet.
#2011icf Wine seems to be a theme so far... This is my kind of conference!
I'm going to bed be sure to follow !
The IAP Dance panel has now concluded. Stay tuned for the first day of the IAP Literature panel tomorrow, Wednesday April 20th.
Rise and shine gorgeouses! Have a fab thursday! Xoxo
Some technology failure during my ePub presentation, but I still think it went OK. I wish the session could have been 10 minutes longer
go eat at raoul's italian grill this weekend. tell raoul garcia that houston360live.com sent you.
you look YOLO burnt
Nice! #veryverylongreads RT : I just invented this thing called macro-blogging. Every post has to be 140 pages or more
HAHA RT : No dogs, no eating, no toilets flush, no music, no headsets, no gunshots =good phone tips to start with!!!
Try first goal in over one full calendar year haha..
I'm ready for these basketball games 2moro tho
will do
You may as well be the Sport Section of the paper. All you have today is about sports. Gotta have other topics to talk about.
Got yelled at on Facebook. Got their numbers. Now getting yelled at through texts. They love me.
Excited to hear Chelsea from at on making the case for #servicedesign in the public sector
I want you sosososososo bad.
So?? It doesn't mean you are a failure. :)
Hey Francisco thanks for the RT! Have a wonderful weekend. ;p
bought a bus pass today for school. the cashier was a huge DIP NUT, uncool, to assume i can't pay for a $10 bus pass.
*daps Schmidt* Indian/German/Italian/Greek/Cypriot Vagina >>>>> True American
So good she wanna put my tattoo on it
King Henry!!! W the shutout!!
only 3months of tweeting!
High stress also triggers negative emotions like frustration- impatience- anger and fear.
Spellcheck keeps changing "protist" to "protest." And I do!
Watching Obsessed. This bitch woulda got hunted down and stuffed in a trunk if she drugged my husband or messed with my child..wtf. <U+E113>
ugh, that is no good. take it easy & hope your back feels better soon.
Hello Edward
then take it back!
Dam I am so crazy and it is 9:10 in the morning taking a lot of pictures with the song CALL ME MAYBE!!!! :)
- Thanks for featuring SmartShield's eco-friendly, dry sunscreen face stick as a Race-Day Essentital in your Jan/Feb issue!
Movie Night<3 i hate this weather...
Russel will be in town friday, signing his new book. C U There!.
Anders Behring Breivik was insane five years ago, mother says
Welcome, Beautiful Writer!
Sad. “: Agree. Unfortunately I have friends who've fallen for Focus on the Family's deceptions.”
Second that. RT : There should be bacon-flavored Combos.
underage or homeless???
yeah im the same way, im.just happy I started it today
all the awesome people who love their city. :)
I can understand that! Raw Power absolutely destroys Funhouse, IMO...
I'll let u know but u should come
My mama made me so mad last night that i had to stop eating my chinese food and go to my room
a surprisingly long-lasting awesome streak of iPhone shuffling
<----- This dude needs some followers!
so happy we can support you and help you on ur way to greatness! Proud to have u as a CAF athlete
that nigga malik fought again today,the same nigga..and malik beat his ass my nigga got the hands
It was a bad night.
If u ride with me you are garenteed the time of your life.
did anyone catch JC Penny's awesome clearance sale over the weekend? men's flannels $3, girls shirts $3 & got me some capri's for $2!! whoa!
Electronic books... will I ever get used to the absence of the paper?
its a long road #skcnation got your back every step!
no you've always been cool!
IDK BRAH. lol just freaking working on final papers on campus.
thanks! I appreciate it:D
Yes at :DD
Glad you liked the video that much!
Getting really depressed about leaving. I don't know what's ahead of me but when I look behind, I see so much Love. Thank You.
Clippers should've been eliminated already
you are what?
Very disappointed right now but mistakes was made but lessons will be learn
Very well friend good night
#ChernobylDiaries looks sick man! Good stuff!
RT : Hmm, traffic a bit on the light side this sunny afternoon. #PlayingHooky?
Wanna bring me tacos tomorrow(;
Busy 2 months coming up...
see you then!
yep. that's an excellent point. to the competitive set, seconds do matter.
they're so good....
Don't be surprised if the heat lose
Have fun at Prom! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Not a huge NBA guy but D. Rose is a machine.
Happy New Year! What is your resolution this year?
Just finished practice. A new tune in the works. It's a Ricky special so you know it's in 5/4. If you know what that means then good for you
Miss you too!
Shot an 89 at Nakoma, finally striking the ball well again. Too bad it's near the end of the golf season in the Midwest
How tf do I weigh more than my dad...not good
Stay curious! Chris Anderson
Just got that rolling papers by yesterday shit go hard now I wanna wear camo shorts and chuck taylors
Almost time to watch SNL <3
#womansintuition is crazy.i knew i had that crazy dream last night for a reason.
say what?!?
Another beautiful afternoon in San Diego...make your day a little brighter and stop by the Farm to say hi!
damn I want suck on those right now if I can holla back
i wanna go to the behind the scenes tours at full sail but mother doesnt know if she can take me. grrrr!!! I WANNA GO SO BAD!!
Just finished voicing a great song with album is gonna be Nuttz!!
Through OBAMA's scandals ALL the UGLINESS, CORRUPTION, WASTE&THIEVERY of big government is TRANSPARENT.
i used photoscape :)
if I do you know I'll let u know for sho gurl!
Thank you for following me, You are so so sweety Monique :) x
5 more days to get 10% off your CSA share with Zero Acre! #Rochester #ROC !!
I can't get money on that damn site!
good bout to eat some brake fast
As they say, you are what you eat...
very inspirational tweets tonight. What's up with that?
why go to bed now when i have to be up at 5AM, seems almost pointless.
I wanna see a photo! Love that poster
I wouldn't mind remaining in the past; the future doesn't look so bright.
there is one less good Monkee out there #rip #davyjones Marcia Brady is
RT : Check out the super-cool line of percussion from See:Alex Acuña congas,timbales,cajóns & bells! www.gonbops.com
Sometimes you must just "Ignore the Ignorant"!!
Hashtags are like the worst kind of MadLibs. #iusedtothink: Twitter was interesting. #pluralnoun: shoes
And I put Grace in charge, so I'm extra nervous
But when people make a "stop smoking cigarettes" commercial, they look worse and they look like they've been ruined. & its not illegal
lol they both mine. 8508 is for texts only when I'm in Poland and 2374 is for when I'm in Houston for texts n calls
Fast forward
Ughh. I just got dirt on my shirt.
But I'll get to see it w//my blood sisters & my parents. Sometimes you need that connection.
Power went out , really ??
Writing with today :)
I think Peyton Manning just broke my twitter feed.
We need to get started on the Comedy Club soon. Tryouts?
Be careful who you trust & Tell your problems to...
If it were to rain candy ... I'd have it rain white chocolate and then followup with cark chocolate dipped in strawberries!
Um WAT UP
so who wants to go see Flux Pavilion with me on wednesday?!
Early to rise makes a woman healthy, wealthy, and sleepy! Lovin my coffee this morning!!
Our drinking water contains more than 700 chemicals!
a little bloodhound gang to end the week... not too shabby
Isn't that CRAZY!
#Good working on #set with you yesterday!!! #Follow back
GOOGLE+ CHAT IS AT 7PM ET! :D
good one. The bust a move was good too. Thanks!! It's on now!
I always get home from school and come on and see so much drama.
RT: Heard about cool art installation a/b homeless families in Seattle. They need volunteers: ping for info!
Watching Law & Order: SVU and I figured out who the suspect was before they found out! Lol
I wonder how long it took for them to do the entire set!?
Aubrey Huff lined out, but #Giants up 2-0 over da #Braves... keep it going, boy..
Thank you!!! RT “: Done! Good luck with the contest!”
Day drinking is cool with me. :) except Wednesday I have a screening at noon.
can't wait to hear about everything. Yes. You must get the shirt it's on the sale rack! Such a good pj top.
You are the globetrotter... need someone to carry your luggage?
RT #cinematicstorytelling Started out with a great video. This looks promising.
Had a lovely lunch at one of the best restaurants in NYC: Parm
Hey Hannah :-)
im so pissed right now ugh.
Fun! I'm getting to the point though that I'm starting to feel a tad guilty every time I bring a new one home :)
Q&A with director following the 7PM showing of Jiro Dreams of Sushi on Apr 27 ..caught it last week good doc!
am i annoying
2/2 money because your cheap asses don't want to tip. That's what a convenience store is for.
u silly. i wanna be one of the main characters but dnt want to die first.lol u kno how movies do us
On a more positive note, I had a very productive weekend. Bought lotsa stuff for my home and my bedroom :)
If you're going to go through hell, come back having learned something. ~ Drew Barrymore
Brother at the hospital was waitin for him to come back but im sleepy. Goodnight
i already ate i grabbed something on my way home, thanks tho
How's Rocket going to get out of this one?--two new pages today at www.rocketrobinson.com
Let me count the Seth's....Seth Meyers, Seth Rogen, Seth Green, Seth McFarlene
I don't know...if I turn that upside down it looks something like my ex-gfs privates
Sitting in church this prayer is going on way to long God heard you the first time!
i cannot wait for that day to happen
I got something like 40 replies by email to my post looking for a Wordpress coder. And All Look Same.
lol i would have laughed my butt off!
Just passed #lingarden wondering if he has a 2nd job
I want some seafood for dinner 2moro
then we love you for it ;)
Random thought but i think you should make a video of you doing the SunDrop dance!:)
Chinas' problems dont effect my feeling towards your company. They have a workforce that is shocking #Reality Iphones are hand made!?
Domonique Strauss-Kahn is in with a better chance now. Ken Clarke has agreed to defend him.
Been trying for the past 10 minutes to photograph the double-butt rips in this guy's jeans, but the bar lighting isn't quite right.
#YouShouldBeEmbarrassed that you didn't follow us to get your 100% Real Free Samples
He's from the Zoo originally and went to same HS as Jeter. He has awesome orthodontia so he gets a pass from me!
Had fun wit the girls...now Mekhi is tlkin me to sleep.
Just spent the last 9 hrs of this beautiful day on lockdown with & planning You're welcome.
its funny thou i got a phone now so my pimp hand is strong again
Wigan is on fire - they sure have impressed me the past number of weeks!
oh hello! Yes, I've been back for about 4 months! I'm in the private curator world now. Where are you?
I really wish I wasn't sick.. :( meh
my back just started hurting soo bad):
I love summer Fridays. Another great reason to work in
Police entered a room and the person of interest wasnt there. Confirmed it is related to this mornings shooting. Clearing out now.
So I am all for supporting movies that features African American but that movie was horrible
You're so precious, Luna. Thank you for the encouragement. Xx
Why am i so sleepy!!
Thank you for the RT!!
Powers out AGAIN !
that's what you think(:
GOAL! Ryan McDonlad gets that 2 goal lead back for Delaware. 10:30 left. 5-3 Blue Hens.
#ConfessionTime i have trust issues, so i never really tell anyone anything. None of my close friends even know my childhood.
Happy weekend hitting the Mardi Gras parades and shopping my fav stores.
Scout mob said 50% off cause 20+ friends go there... I don't care. #momsbuying Craving Hawaiian Poke!
U Tryna Work w/ Me & Then U Should Meet Up W/ Us @ The Basement Studio
Going to my village in Potou Louga, Senegal! Won't have internet for a while. Wish me luck!
is moving! I never got to meet him yet I live in San Antonio :'( *I'm ACTUALLY CRYING*
You should totally dedicate it to me.
Cancun bound at least <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
To ignore/ hinder noticeable progress, and complain that others have, or are not doing enough while you do nothing, is unreasonable.
Whitewater Wins!!! See you at the Zen Den tonight!
I wanted to do that stuff too. Never to late to learn.
haha let's go son!!!
NY ink marathon >>>
Man, i dig those rhythm and blues.
Coding on Makena beach @ Maui while listening to Allegro Molto
Just woke up. Getting ready for work.
thanks for entering!
^ When they came to the crowd, a man approached Jesus and knelt before him. “Lord, have mercy on my son,” he said. “He has seizures and...
hell yeah ! haha
FUCK IT. Tomorrow I'm going to that interview, Idgaf about this stupid scab anymore. They're looking for talent and if I don't get chosen..
nothing. I was just bored.
apparently... SOME ppl act like they love me & I act like I believe them. Tryina play me b* tch? & u think i'ma fall for it, NIGGA, u mu ...
Could #DD's son be any cuter?
Hanging out today waiting to see what happens next
Dang Scandal had me on the edge of my seat this show is getting good!
thanks for sharing! If you're not already you should follow she's the queen of efficiency :) ^ag
You are one of my nicest thoughts.
How did this sloth-ass motherfucker get this job when I couldn't even get a friggin' interview!!?
Busy week but we still have time to fix your computers!!
I feel the earth move under my feet. I feel the sky crumbling down!
"Information is not knowledge." ~Einstein
Since I raised a child and worked, does that mean I had two careers?
Las Vegas June 8 - 10 for Electric Daisy whos down???
thanks for the follow Mark.
Short of pa's, heading to first site location to carry cam gear and water.
If you're using 4 biz (like me) to receive/send lots of attachments definitely look into downloading Dropbox - in a word: GODSEND
It won't be long. Farmers are busy and opening is May 19th
I'm starting a new reality show Contact me we can converse about biz
haha im standing up!
How did the Jacksonville Jaguars get 2 home Monday Night Football games this year? 8-8 last year. Ravens, 12-4 last year, 1 road MNF game.
Hot as a bitch too
Try our new menu tonight at Bang! Hoison Glazed Baby Backs, Grilled Flank, Penne in Plum Tomato Sauce and Fried Chicken! 32nd and Lowell
no no. dont text me now. too late..
I confess to you daily.... I work harder everyday and I hope that you hear me...
Lol they were playing with Miami or another team?
were amazing last night! Thank you and for a greatt concertt<3
When graphic design & fashion meet --> Cincinnati Fashion Week Day 4: Graphic Fashion. 7PM 110 Shillito Place. Hosted by Landor Associates!
Whether you think you can or think you can't - you are right.
so sick i can hardly move and 4 hours of non optional class.
It's gona be funny as hell when this generation get old and crusty and they still tatted up lol
If I like some of these songs, is that how I know I'm a contemporary adult?
Watchin the game at place! With
Hey guys I want to record an acoustic cover foe you all, what would you guys like to hear?
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination
Well now, everybody sing about the bird---b-b-b-bird bird bird, that's the word!
See, my problem is there's no principle here. Instead it's 'Subject X offends me, therefore it must remain forbidden'.
Renear's challenge: adapt methods based on first-order logic to problems that go beyond logic
fucking irritated I've been here for 40 minutes.
I thought i did follow u lol! Too cool to come to Mpls??!
BREAKING NEWS James Franco has fiber optics; best time at Wisconsin party
Hey their cutie!
thanks brother!!!
Check me out 2nite performing with Streetlight Allstars at the show Gilligans MBORO. Cant wait to see them, its been a min! *
well he's no Tom Simmons #justkidding i love wease and Jamie
. Yet making for an agreeably comic visual...
RT : ITHA and Arlington Park sign contract for 2012 race meet. AP should get Oaks and Derby simulcast, but 1st two cards still hurt
we need to get together some chica's for a twitter "meetup" on a patio with cocktails
Turning in my house keys to the real estate office today then patiently waiting 8 months for my Portland keys! -C
genitalia hop -> lmao i miss you!
What up girl???Thanks for the #ff! Have a great weekend!
give it to me
"If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it."
how 'bout that Orioles win?
ugh i cant stand oh great jolly fat a$$ thats sitting n the back b%tch im happy you off my issh to h*e
My boy play n the league
Always business...its never personal, dont wear ur emotions on ya sleeve...dont put all ya eggs n one basket..the basket might have a hole:)
Gonna try to sleep again. Maybe when I wake up there won't be so much DRAMA on tlist.
Cocka Doodle Doo Buggies!!! We are mapping out our routes today! @ us if you are in need of more cupcake action in your neck of the woods!
said "quickie Jackson," and she wasnt talking about me...
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.-- Maureen Dowd
Anyone taking advantage of the ticket vouchers we gave out thanks to Kroenke Sports Enterprises tonight? nuggetsvsknicks.com
Bout to get this fresh cut and hit the town tonight, next stop car wash so my baby can get fresh too
day three of strict schedule dissertation writing = I DON'T WANNA. (and to imagine i got another 1.5 yrs of this...)
will do.
The only thing uglier than the #Broncos performance is Shannon Sharpe's jacket.
Great point! The workday has definitely evolved, and it's important for your team to understand what's required of them
Good morning & SM00CHES to ALL my followers!
...Offers you can't refuse -- BidFather.com! Bid on our auctions to win awesome brand new electronics and gift cards for pennies!
Getting pretty excited to release Drush 5.1 for all Pantheon sites... sql-cli here we come! :)
Hustle hard in any hustle that you pick
Almost at 20000 followers!!! :) tell your friends!!!! H
Excited to be for the B+ Heroes 200 presented by ! Good luck to the 46 Car!
Ketchup > salad dressing
Love 'The Game' new story line Chardonnay and Jason Pitts! Real life issues & Jason final has 2 work 4 a LADY! #GOBRANDY!
"I am very philanthropically interesting" Thomas Hughes™
admits again: "we're French, so we complain."
Your grandpa would be proud!! Great win tonight boys!!
Everything I like is either Illegal, Immoral, Fattening, Addictive, Expensive, OR Impossible.
Can't hold out on anything. Just gave wife new Pearl Earings for mothers day from James Alan.
For #focsake, I'm just here makin' a game. Stop annoying me with #dealsspam, #nekkidpix and #malware tweets...
Do you think if I drive around with my laundry in the trunk another day I can consider it a steam cleaning? I hate laundrymats. Always drama
i think Giants won
the dali lama is a pimp
Looking forward to having you on the show tomorrow morning, Dr.Lyndsay!
Oh boy! It's my birthday and I've decided I want nothing more than a delicious crepe :)
not too bad! Relaxing Monday for sure! How's yours??
Aww! LOL. Just last night I was asking my dog "Why you being so dramatic?" I feel for you.
that sucks. I am quite thankful for this commuter rail. Today is a rare day where it's a pain. I think a train lost power
Better to have a list that has 3,000 responsive customers than a list with 30,000 names and no responses.
man i really appreciate it. ill shoot you an email & go more in depth. thanks a ton, seriously.
That scene in An Officer and a Gentleman where Richard Gere sweeps Debra Winger off her feet in the factory? Yeah, just happened. *sniff*
just work and school. Just tryna do me at the same time too. Hella tryna get my own spot and shit.. got a lot of work to do
Others felt it would get the book out there. I've only had one copy lent through the library. My sales have picked up though.
Listening to the Beastie Boys and did that scratching a record motion and I'm single.
lol ur lucky. pretty soon me nd are gonna do ours -__-
no but it sounds like it would really hit the spot. Also, happy getting old and shit ;)
da fuck is this class? I learn nothing . dumb bitch .
tori and i have skyping for an hour now :) -kenzie
Congrats on your MIP win...let's get that win tomorrow!!!
haha I think I did
There are Billions Of People In the world, why are you letting one ruin your life?
Hunger Games is first person present tense. I'm trying to think if I've ever read any other books like that.
Thanks for the Retweets! Enjoy your weekend!
When a guy goes to a hooker, he's not paying her for sex, he's paying her to leave.
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair
candy shop!!!!
just finished shootin Ace Hussle's "in my system" music video w/ V6M
Ready to go..
We greatly appreciate you putting us on your site! Much love<3
9th Circuit Court makes decision in Garfias-Rodriguez v. Holder, on inadmissibility and adjustment of status under 245(i).
because you're sick!!
Wow only 8 days till the Bday!
Missed the season premier of Big Bang Theory. Damn you 5 hr difference & sleep. Guess I'll just accumulate a backlog and watch them in bulk.
I'll put that on the next playlist! Promise!
Wrapping up a 14hr drive. Well...in a few hrs
told a joke or is a joke?
Reggae Nostalgia Live shows on the week-end can now be seen on BlogTV. We are loving it. Thanks to Rula Brown for the BlogTV link. Bless
If it were me, she couldn't have ignored. She'd ask "Why does Sasquatch love me? Whassup with that huge tire?"
Hey what's up guys? If you have a moment, check my friend for some awesome female fronted piano rock. She's a sweetheart.
congrats, How long ago was your first book?
If you want to accomplish great things, don’t save your dreams for sleep. Dream out loud in the light of day!
And just bcuz u have a mission doesn't mean u have a mkt RT : Just because u have a market doesn't mean u have a mission
Flying to MKE tonight. Can't wait to rock radio milwaukee!!
Taye Diggs is gorgeous, but why does Private Practice have to address immigration with a Salvi mother & make El Salvador look hopeless? :/
U have 2 find me or attend 1 of our events..MIG Open House/Open Tech Forum/Tech SIG Biz Meet RT #NAFSA10 I want 2 know2
Watching "Late Night With Jimmy Fallon" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Just "imagine", possibilities, "it's easy if you try; no hell below us; above us, only sky..." Happy Birthday, John.
How did your presentation go over the weekend at #marac?
Just when you think you can go through a news cycle without hearing about the Palins...
do what u gotta do big fella and check your teammate out. He been killing...
yo phone broke?
I've been trying to like the new CBS morning format, but the difference in the intellectual demeanor between King and Rose is just too big.
It's a boy!
whatcha got on phone #.... Hey Nerlens she likes cupcakes and marmalade jam
I will kill you in your fucking sleep. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Deep breaths, Happy Thoughts. Hope it gets better :)
Wonderful day again with my sweet Ava, pick up hubby from work - then Roanoke bound! Baby's first road trip!
Listening to music in bed, not getting up.
I go where God takes me....
RT : When love is in your heart for you, then you manifest your dreams.
Last shareholder asks that focus be on continued loss in foreclosure portfolio & inconsistent loan modification process...Good call.
RT : I need your clothes, your boots, and your motorcycle. /And your sunglasses! (but he just grabs them!)
what? already?
COFFEE is happening.
it's eleven weeks and 5 days till warped hits dallas -_-
I can officially never leave the 'sphere again. While I'm gone: plagiarism like whoa. Now off to Google my work to make sure nobody took it.
we play y'all today I play for bf
The Homeland Security Act of 2002 was a piece of legislation that was penned and enacted following the aftermath of the 2001 World Trade Cen
Mrs. True is driving with 'Abdu'l-Bahá<U+0087> to her son Davis's gravesite in south Chicago. #239DaysLive [1/2]
yeah but its also a real hotel -___-
Kinda hoped the 500th Simpsons episode would contain humor. Spoiler - it didn't. Family Guy to the rescue...dolphin Gervais saved the day!
I wish I could kill you with my mind. Only you though
don't forget to
jeezy's THE MAN<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Designer Cheryl Koo will be on 790 KABC tomorrow! Woohoo! First radio show for this Other Duck!
Beef Jerky is so good!
Yes. Does his new game have a feature where you can WD with an injury? Or curse after a bad shot?
TORQUE on HBO... FUCK YEAH!!!
Watching gabby tribute also reminds me how much I love great husbands, dws, curious little girls, tough gun laws.
I've accepted the fact that I'm prolly going to hell ......IDGAF
Well thank you very much! If life brings me up that way again I'm down!
Thanks so much for the follow! Hope you are having a fantastic Saturday!
SOURCES: Keith Olbermann to FOX News
Just forced myself to block 2 cowls. Looked like I was playing Twister by myself with T-pins
ur very welcome:) Goodnight
Come on
Lol really? I can't wait!
Just met a friend's new puppy, now I'm dying for a puppy myself. I really need to get a grip.
bet. well I need a job. I could help yall with development and locating your work in artistic and social critiques
Scheduling Volunteers for Harvest Fair - Sept 25-27 @ Wisconsin State Fair Park - We'll be selling pull tabs again at Craft/T-Shirt Booth
My mom said she's not taking her medication cuz she's trynna drink tomorrow for my bro's grad party lol
Sup everyone:) I have uploaded a new pic Yay
Any #sportsbiz folks heading to One2One Stadium and Arena conference in Fort Worth?
do you? Do you really?
one of my fav books. has made a major difference in our business.
i will be in Savannah GA, on November 18-19, 2011. If anyone would like to host a passion party on those days, please let me know.
I agree. I like him now tho cuz his shoes are dope.
the promo materials for the new site have arrived! They're so beautiful, I can hardly wait to send them out to people! *runs in circles*
Rt!! Love it too!
Driving home to nwa for the weekend! So excited to see my beautiful sister graduate high school tomorrow!
ABC moves Private Practice around like a stepchild it doesn't care about. Oh. Wait.
Read more books.
Congrats on #Impasse being funded!
The suspensions at Cascade are ridiculous. The prank was harmless.
yeah apparently they're running slow at the moment. How you doing lady? Long time no see!
did you get your phone back??
ALM saves and shares seeds and offers advice
i love seeing canada illuminated in my little wordpress stats map thingy : ) thanks for the RT hun
right on!
This rum toddy + Advil is effectively numbing the pain in my throat. However, the cold is turning me into a crotchety, short-tempered SOB.
300 Workout day 2. Ice and foam roller tonight!
Great event for #SanDiegoHome&Garden! A beautiful home in La Jolla designed by Oasis Architecture!
Its gonna be a LOONNNGGGG day -.-
That opening monologue cracks me up!
i would like to see a man wearing high heels HEHE
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves
“: Love this electric blanket!!! :)”. I hear ya after this summer I hope we can hold off til T-giving to turn on the heat
Gained 5 pounds last month:((
Lots of data out there, but not enough good storytelling
thanks for coming over bro. Penny denny. Se ya Thursday. Don't forget! Booked up solid this week
Welcome, Peter!
Let's finish this out 49ers!
tight bro
I'm having a good hair day. It's really curly!
I did...but I didn't really like it! I thought the plot had some major holes in it that left me wanting more. It was an OK first film!
I'm sure that wasn't the first time something's been dumped all over Ryan Seacrest's chest.
My favorite part of any day, getting to spend some quality time with my bed. Goodnight everyone.
Wondering how long I can go before I turn on the heat this winter. So far, so good!
Holy effing busy day
Terrible call. That little contact goes uncalled all the time.
Watching Cars 2!(:
Forever Young!!!!! I'll be forever young, I'll never grow old
The use of coffee as a drink is about seven centuries old.
"Accessibility serves everyone" - Marcus Weisen
did you marry a texan
Ever so grateful to not be waking up to the snow the weather people said we would be waking up to.
Hey Brandon, thanks for re-following.
you are more than welcome!!
That's how I felt too--I felt...old. And I'm only 33! :P
My body feels sore
I hope he's not there to give an un-wanted donation ;)
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!!!!! That's literally you. Like you treat Facebook like twitter so much maybe I will unfollow you now
who made it a Heavy Guilt wknd and caught both the Duo set on Friday and the afternoon set in the park on Sat?
My phone is at 5% and I have no desire to charge it
test received.
thank you so much
I love youtube! :)
Productivity at school reaching an all-time low
hey D-Nice :) I hope your well :)
wow I didn't expect anyone to be up at this hour, ha. Me too! Wasn't the dancing fun? :(
We have a new server & network ready - vpn-si3 OpenVPN (SSL) server in Chicago. It's available in your customer area now.
I wanna go jet skiing!
I don't discriminate ha. That was meant for a certain someone
Whats with this new set? I don't like change!
I want a book
Miss you 2! Visit us?RT : I miss my old ...They knew my order & had it ready before I walked thru the door!
Suggest we start with a Congress that works...
#condescendingConnor "Google? Pffft! I guess, if you have to, but I already know everything there is to know on the web"
Where did you get your assigment? Email? Connect? I don't see anything yet
and who u talking bout
Morning! Don't be afraid to use your gifts!
Kinda want
RE iO improv class - I think any Chicago-based improv class is worth it (sorry I'm not replying until now...)
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 80
#MyYoungAssGF takes a Hello Kitty lunchbox to work with her.
Hi Josh, enjoyed chatting with you at the NOVEL conference, very best of luck with the final diss push!
who is this directionar?? Nothing against directioners but I hate haters!!
Enjoyed the piece on Downloaded and listening right now. I could listen to Azawade and Bamba all day.
Hey!!!!! Just follow you new Twitter :)
"You have the key that will unlock the door to success, and you may use it the moment you learn to control your thoughts."
Welcome our newest members to the Milwaukee Chapter! Betty Erby, Demontae Foots and Cathy Wanzo! Welcome to the NBMBAA family!
can you please notice me <|3
Ready to roll
it cant be fixed? :O
omg my new outfit is so supercute! bet i'd look great on the back of your bike. wanna cum take me and my new clothes for a long, hard ride?
i love youu ):
Ready for next week
Faculty Follies rocked the campus! Fantastic way to start Spring Break!
So I finished editing now I need a song for my Star Wars video so it will be done!
That's it. Thank you !!!
Back to College-Thomas is at the NYU Poly Tech Career Fair!!
Get the word out and win yourself some free stuff! I appreciate all my followers and thanks for all the support this draft season!
IMAGINE IF I DIDN'T HAVE BILL TO CARE FOR ME. RIGHT NOW I HAVE BEEN WAITING 13 MONTHES FOR A HEARING TO FIND OUT IF I A CAN GET SSI.
LOVE U SHARON!
honestly, i've never read any of the books - so my knowledge of the story is minimal, at best. have you?
Shaun, I bought #insnity 6 weeks ago and I can't believe all the changes. Thank you so much. People, it works!~>
We're glad we can assist you in getting more followers :) We will try and have a few East Coast reps come to
send a shoutout for me?? I'll do the same
dude i am way to tired dont evn listen to me
your profile description hilarious
U want ur captivity turned? Pray for others. Job 42:10 A life that is not self consumed is a life that walks in blessing. Focus on others!
Just tapped Georgetown Manny's Pale.
Was Gonna use "Mike" RT : Tip for all you wannabe radio people out there. If you have a nickname in quotes, you look like an idiot.
The last thing I want to do is annoy you baby
Have a good one!
right, at least they have tv & satellite radio with head phones to listen to while they do it.
Sup Miss Nae, how goes it? Hope all is going well.
Lol, he can do whatever he wants
im finna take a shower and go to sleep
Morning (: . Chicago time :D
...Godzilla is roaming around the northwest. Smash smash. You can barely see him. But he's very happy!
both of you guys can go shave your back now
Thank You! We look forward to meeting you on May 20!
to the right.
Journey is getting us started on our journey south of the border.
I love waking up early and not doin Shit
i love sleeping in!
Im here!!
um excuse me sir can I get a follow back on instagram!!! U KINDLY
use your magic to apparate to jersey with me and
anyone who thinks that sunshine is pure happiness,has never danced in the rain
Got killer red headphones today. Awesome!
that wasn't Kyle.
Can it be happy hour & a special performance by du Soleil in #drupa hall 8b? Yes get here quick the fun has started
\hit me up if im not following!
Little kid's chant: "Span, Span, he's our man, if he can't do it, the game is over!"
Should I hold a interview process for a wingman?!
i cant fall asleep at night. And then i cant wake up in the morning
OK, you can mark the 27th in pen for the next Booze Camp, lemmings.
Can finally upgrade to the iPhone in 2 weeks
Not one person at the mobile MTKG event has a feature phone. I only upgraded a month ago.
Ok. RT : If you are tempted to react the same old way, ask if you want to be a prisoner of the past or a pioneer of the future
Emily you and Sergio are great! Cooper and Dillion as always - a riot, and I know you guys loved the Slip-n-slide!
OMG SJ and SHINee are breathing the same air as me omg omg x-x
Join Us for the debut of Burgerville Records at our Shakers Session CD launch party! Tuesday Nov 15th 3-7pm. Live Music!
West Region is STACKED, gonna be some great second round games there!
BOOKED. #ATL is on my radar next week...can I bring you some Hermosa Beach sand?
Private beach home booked for attending next week! Entire price is cheaper than one night at one of the on site hotels!
Bylsma: "They're a good team & they don't stop."
Me and are gonna start the North Platte, Nebraska chapter.
You are always enough.
Let's Twask again like we did last Summer. Let's Twask again like we did last year. Thx for the follow. Hope u dig the Skwirl. Best
My niece is trying to eat her clothes, lmao, she too cute
I saw Dave Grohl in a kilt today at Purdue...well it sure looked like him!
Herd Michael phelps on 102.7 this morning now I landed in North Carolina and will tape him this weekend.
I'm bumming money...like a church.
hahahahah you didn't have to kill me like that. What are you doing later? You should come to the DOA at N2 with me. Hit me
The #Pens have found the solution to their problem with the point man on the power play and apparently it's Richard Park?
Forgetting Lydia, Altar Bar 3/28 tickets are $8, message me if you wanna go!!!!
Got a feeling it's going to be a good day. Woke up early and got back to working on turning dreams into reality
Last night of a three-night garage rock fest, with Roky Erickson headlining.
Haha you'll figure out soon enough, it'll be a grand time ;P Hahaha! Quite an....interesting topic for sure haha!
Zoidberg played dubstep before it was popular.
My pleasure! “: Thanks a bunch for the Rock'n RT”
regarding Kim....the peeples great leader! Lol
#raw10 Sometimes @ night, when i sleep, i tend 2 grind my Teeth. Lost a few Gfs. n College, my roommates called me Capn Crunch the Twitzler
Danny O'Brien from #Maryland transferring to #Wisconsin next year. Great news for Bucky!
That Shit just irritated my whole morning
I feel like if I were to sprint naked down the hall at school the day would be way more interesting for everyone who witnessed it
B Lloyd on market? Why not? Young WC type receiver.
lmfao I feel so bad that she sucks now because BJM and Vanilla Sky showed she actually can act.
Good Morning World!
Lmfao this is funny.
can u follow me?
pues vamos silly the ticket is only 60 im goinh with my girl and her bestfriend
Oh screw you House Hunters International! I have stuff to do
Home News Tribune Police Blotter
looking like Elfs and what not lol what's the weirdest thing he's made you wear?
NFL Draft Remix by dj steve porter: via
Sounds exciting, when are you investigating?!
Reading fast company this morning. 100 most creative people in business. John Jay. Conan. Jan Chipchase. Now am Inspired to do better.
#raw10 i dated a Woman who had big Breast but no Butt. Some People said its a Syndrome called: Noassatall
Wow! I'm thoroughly surprised at how knowledgeable McNabb is about other sports... Who knew?! Good call #ESPN -
RT : Tea Party claims Madison rally drew 6,200 Saturday. Cool. If we're using that calculus, the "Reclaim Wisconsin"...
Have a smart phone? You can sell or give away old stuff free to people in your community with #EggDrop. Why not give it a try?
Aw yeah, aw yeah....
you will live a very long life:)
I cant fucking sleep anymore! :(
AT&T Service Is Pretty Bad When Edge Network Is More Accurate Than 3G
I'm going to write a book
Oh! That's interesting. That means you'll show everyone where they're standing on Saturday at Mountain Hawk park, huh?
There are 2,716,000 images uploaded to Facebook every 20 seconds. Wow! Pam Grossman, Getty Images
What a tragedy Chicago.
um? I'm not sure? just post by post, I guess! did you hear about the thing that happened? how whack is that!?!
only as a prescribed elective.
Central reason for the trend: "the availability of newer, sexier and more powerful operating systems in the constitutional marketplace."
Life is easy when you don't overthink it.
First time all game they don't run on first down, right? I think the steelers were surprised
The new full release of WebAdmin is due out next week.... everything you want in a well-structured, customizable CMS!
Rangel-censure. DeLay-nothing. IOKIYAR
Two Boots! Pitfire! Mr. Pizza!
Spot is fillin up! Bout to jump this thang off wit #OD13! #RealRapContinues!
Thought the Grammy's was an award show...looks more like a variety show.
now following.
I want you forever, forever and always. Through the good, and the bad, and the ugly. We'll grow old together.
I hate bowling-____-
of my usual 6/7 long island iced teas almost every other day LOL
So what's up with all these fight videos on Facebook....my goodness, smh
Vin Scully "it's not all beer and Skittles." Greatest quote of the night.
... I guess Samsung has not problem telling Apple to bow to them. :)
getting a German shirt. ;)
I might be too strung out on compliments, overdosed on confidence.*shrugs*
I'm not old until I'm dead.
HAPPY BRITHDAY JAYCIE!!!! Have a great birthday!
hi from san diego doll!
Look there has been a lot of hate thrown my candidates way over the past 12 hours so I'm a bit edgy. That said, this is my lane.
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. Oscar Wilde (1854 - 1900
lol i did. If it dont wrk now then fuck it ! I have no patience for this shit lol
if you cam to London would you do that meet and greet thing for like the first 400 people or something?:D<3
Going to play Ops, I'm bored though, text me if you've got my number.
Headed out to The Star Center for DJ Pauly D & Justin Case's show. Who's already there?
Very bizarre...they praised my book but then accused me of "consciously" practicing white supremacy. Also asked me if I ever raped anyone.
Enjoying minister my brotha! FEARLESS tour!
I do not want to go back to work tomorrow. Coming back from a vacation is not fun
If you want happiness for an hour, take a nap If you want happiness for a day, go fishing If you want happiness for a month - get married.
people on instagram !
I've never seen a tip jar outside a Redbox machine. Can only assume that the little person inside it gets paid a decent salary.
brownies? Nah u wouldnt Like that
It's really hard to sit here and write library software with microscopic cactus needles in your hands. In case you were wondering.
perfect timing with the sequel being announced!
mlg is the best thing that's happened to halo, ever. I'm frightened at the thought of what could happen if it got sacked.
Sure do. Kind of surprising that an evident doofus like that guy managed some good music. No offense.
Jennifer Aniston: know all about the ever beautiful America&#39;s ...
jeez man stop hexing us. Let's just beat the Gophers.
Why is it always as soon as we start to like someone they like someone else? & when we stop liking them, they start to like us?
I make perfect grilled cheeses.
It's a greater reward at the end of a road that less traveled
The kitchen is finally closed! :) .... Only to reopen at 10am
Damn dude hit that ground hard!
good luck with the whole jail thing. you know how it starts one criminal complaint. Why enlist when you can make it yourself
Gay is Okay. Just ask Louis Tomlinson.
Overtime love
Will someone pick up a few copies of the westword for me? I seem to not go to the right places that have them
Kid home sick from school.
We will take it
Hhmm Obama's address or the #Flyers ...? Priorities mixed up today ;)
no idea, why whats up?
When I first heard of the Hunger Games, I thought it had to do with food... -_____-
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? He is the best..
I know I can be a a**hole sometimes but you can hate are love it .
We will always love you guys. Goodnight.
No! Majority are very happy with the hire. The critics are always the loudest.
I missed your tweet spree earlier because of a rehearsal ):
What's wrong with being serious?
whatever you like! <333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333
Goodmorning<3 aw I hope u have an amazing day! (: RT- “: Good morning <U+2600> hope <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0086> have a <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> day!”
Congrats to Beyonce & Jay-Z on the birth of their baby girl, Blue Ivy Carter.
When you go, will you have the guts to say I dont love you like I loved you yesterday?
“: Jeff Suppan is throwing out the first pitch for St. Louis for game three. If only it was as a member of the Cardinals.” LOL
You're so sweet!
RT : Maybe I'm not perfect for you, but someday I'll be perfect for someone.
About to play a short set at Hendershot's with ! Come on down...
When Google says they own the fastest browser on the planet, they mean that.
I just walked in the door and am putting on my pajamas, aka my naked body.
Spent the whole day with family and the best mom in the world! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Everybody please get new album 11-1-11 It is amazing!!
Headed to Columbus for OPAL ExComm meeting.
Happy Hour Every Wednesday Thursday Friday! Specials Package#1 Relaxer #HairCut & ColorRinse on Relaxed hair only $60! &More!
Be careful stories provide storage for learning, morals, education, model behavior, and what to / not to do.
#hth2012 good question: who owns the data in commercial repositories (eg Flickr)
Chain Hang Low just came on Pandora. This was on heavy rotation for me for about three weeks in high school. Then Jibbs fell OFF.
I believe we got the contact info for the communications person.
'Lets get it on Jonas' is now 6th worldwide!!!!!! KEEP GOING EVERYONE LET'S REACH THE 1st PLACE!!!! 'Lets get it on Jonas'
Truly, sir, that Tweet was over-delivered :)
Any #MLB teams interested in making a trade for Ishikawa?
u smell like apsarugus urine....
tryna gt u cool points gt u looking DUMB
RT : If yeen got faith in ur #Grind how u gone #hustle ? <---
if u have a facebook add me as a friend
OMG I LOVE LINKIN PARK!!!!!!! THEY'VE BEEN MY FAVE BAND SENCE LIKE EVER!!!!! lol :D
make the car go BOOM! Where can I get that old skool Magic Mike?
"White and Nerdy" ROCKS!
Head over to the new Chris Saint Clark page! I'll be announcing a cool give away soon and you don't want to miss out!
"this is a very #Rare thing, like a robot"
We are starting to look at booking shows in January! Also this Thursday we are going into the studio to demo out more music!
I'm sure we will go far
I don't know what you're talking about... I'm the cot one here...(;
PASTOR TROY will be PERFORMING LIVE at THE LOUNGE in Tullahoma, TN on DEC 2!!!
You make me smile constantly.
Check out the new pics on facebook. ACE 2011 canoe trip down the BIG PINEY I do know how to grill.
it just got my feathers ruffled. I don't want to learn if my new peers will just tell me to quit, you know? Hmph.
but I'm in it..
when will see that no one give a flying fuck about a rear touch pad all we want are good games.
I quit.
#Truth haha! “: I need an alter ego twitter account so that I can tweet all the inappropriate things that pop into my mind.
Hey Austin peps.....dollar beers at ables or what?
oh and you got something waiting for you now... track seek find and kill it... it has started
part of my morning routine! But where's my pal Roker today?
but you expect me to jump up on board with you and ride off into your delusional sunset
Happy Turkey day everybody!!! <3
Happy Cinco de Mayo all!! Be safe today and tonight!! And don't drink and drive <U+E00D>
“Personally, although I am forced to use the term ‘art’ I don't believe in it.” Julie Patton will be @ our symposium in May!
But we know it cannot be sandwiched
S/O to for being the strong beautiful young lady she is <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> love you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Welcome aboard! : Obsession just reached a whole new level - Just joined the AHA!
I can't wait for how much more delicious the bananas will be in India. Also, mango season!
man o man i aint been on here n a min wat up everybody
yeah Scott finally
im waiting for you to notice me(: maybe DM me back?(:
"What's the use of a fine house if you haven't got a tolerable planet to put it on?" Henry David Thoreau
So exciting to see activity on Freret!
At bbj's biz buzz awards event.
hahah for real..looks like that may happen :/ ugh
why does say no thanks? he ain't straight lol
I'm about whatever fuck what u talkin about.
Love. RT Metta on whether he'll shake James Harden's hand: "I don't shake subs hands." Fair enough.
Looking to drop 10 pounds by may 3rd. Any tips?
Annie watching Emmet Otter's Jug Band Christmas while I finish this social media plan while listening to Bon Iver.
Doormats are a gateway rug.
I find branding pretty fascinating, too. ;) Had a grt session w/a client this morning. Fab way to start my day.
I am not good at being patient and I can sometimes be very persistent.
there's always that one person who says they hate justin bieber and austin mahone, just because everyone else does. GET REAL AND STFU
RT : Nearly home, then Gnna watch first vid series on
Hampton Daze Magazine Editor in Chief/ Publisher Jessica Mackin giveaways Broadway Hit show "Chicago" Tickets and <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089>
sure. i am just complicating the "sex" thing. someone's sex is not always their preferred gender. not synonymous.
philly! having such a good day and hopefully nighy
Real nick ninjas wont hate on She makes u really happy :) y do ppl hate her? she real nice :) Love u guys!
hey! nice meeting you today at the photoshoot =)
I am CRACKING UP watching the vlog on the bus to work and I don't even care who hears--this is just too funny!
#AAM2012 encourages museums to look at public radio & their methods of increasing support. Psst:
They're throwing shade at Kim Kardashian. It's like the line from Avengers: When did you become an expert in thermonuclear astrophysics?
It's a curse! For the second biz trip in a row, Amtrak Acela breaks down on me. Although this time didn't get to the train yet - a plus!
being edited as we speak...end of the month hopefully
it was fun ! lol its so weird seeing my last name. mines schmidt too lol.
Need 2 get ahead of the game rt now! There's no time like now, but how?
I should probably be looking for an apartment, but that would require me actually moving... it can wait :)
hahaha....you need to get out more
Leaves for New York in 4weeks : )
RT : Morning matcha time at Good Morning Claire!
Hello, hope your having a good day.Thank u for following. I do and will follow. I also respond back if provoked.
Membership in ISPI-FRC offers opportunities to learn new skills, meet other human performance professionals, and more. www.ispi-frc.org
It's a loud and happy house here. Spent #SuperBowl Sun. eating carne asada w/ Nuyoricans
I don't understand how I ate a foot long before I went to bed and woke up hungrier than that thang!
fantastic womens soccer as USA just beat Brazil. Tied in overtime with 30 secs to go and then beat them in PKs. Amazing edge of seat game!
vincent at storify dot com
love you 2 night!
go to sleep.
About to start planning our comeback show, who's coming? ;)
Game of Thrones Season 2 premieres the day after I get rid of HBO....oh
Salaam reminding us how good 's Dancing On My Own is. Resurrecting it from the gay slaughter.
lol like for real I see where and what this generation is coming too
My love and respect for Lady Gaga grows every single day.
I wow, sorry about that direct message. My friend had my iPod yesterday and was messing with it
sure u hate tlkin to me aha ily2
No! jimmy protested!! Lol :))
Why the hell would u do that....
Yes, but your Monday is probably done and I have yet to start mine.
If you could read my mind you wouldn't be smiling.
if I may interject ExPats are a resource far more valuable than the oil4Libya's future! #peace &
I'd say desperation is the Step-Mother of invention. M.
w/ the #Giants ability to effectively rush 4, they can drop more men into coverage. This takes away the TE. #49ers will not be able to pass.
I luv meeting new people <3
free menudo on sundays at 1395 s sheridian look us up on yahoo at picososmexicanfood.com
Welcome To The BTW Ball Tour -- Good luck ! <3
will 1 pm on thursday work?
The American Basketball Association (ABA) is in negotiations to have games on national TV. HJ affiliate Los Angeles SLAM is an ABA Team
Ah, thank goodness for my single venti soy latte. Otherwise I'm not sure I'd get through today.
I'm NOT huge with my cat. She hates me.
I agree..about as reliable as a fortune cookie ...gtfoh with that bullshit!
If you haven't... you should! Join the fastest growing regional technology council! The Chesapeake Regional Technology Council with 270…
looked stunning on the red carpet with a House of harlow bag, of course!
#AskAlexConstancio DARLING PLEASE TELL ME HOW YOU GOT SUCH A PERFECT SMILE!!!!!!!
It is often hard to distinguish between the hard knocks in life and those of opportunity.
I'm right there with you. Felt better Saturday and now I feel worse than I originally did.
My husband had a vasectomy yesterday and his balls are enlarged, so I need to stay home and help him ice them.
Katy Perry this early should be illegal.
Lmao people too funny. Niggas don't even watch basketball talking like experts
thanks 4 follow
You should. They are pretty awesome. I never knew how much I didn't know until I took these classes. (It will make sense)
I hear black is slimming.
If your falling you're probably falling for your true love, if not you're falling because your a klutz.
YES!!!!!! WAY TO GO GIANTS!!!!! I can't believe belicheat and the pats lost!
i always miss emm to cuz im always practicin for softball or i have a game:/ -anna
Everyone's happy about it!
just because i text boring doesnt mean i dont care .
Can you get anymore perfect<U+2764>
Hi All! Look for our 2010 ASTDRMC Board Election today at www.astdrmc.org
Ppl came up with the term to combat precisely that attitude; not a new idea & not likely to convince ppl not to seek balance.
We're giving away a pair of CENTER COURT FRONT ROW SEATS to an upcoming Spurs game. Check out www.expresslube.com for further details.
I know some r mad that Wis state tourn is leaving Madison, but GB has a very good game day experience. I think a new venue will be fun.
Can you convert the *document* space of an Illustrator CS4 file to grayscale? I can only find object-level color conversion.
Also, I weigh too much to a hipster-brarian.
Just paid for a coffee using two quarters, eight dimes, thirteen nickels, and four pennies.
Today: Relationship Between Blink Pattern and Level of Ocular Surface Exposure in Dry Eye (D978) from 3:45-5:30PM.
Looking for a hot gift? How about 10 CLASSES FOR $45! Red Hot Yoga, keeping the holidays hot! www.dailydealsquad.com
I love the smell of self-made money.
It smells like the ocean today
I was looking for the "like" button so I could "like" this :)
I think I just saw you driving white papi van haha
I can't believe we're 8th graders:/
okay Mr. IHaveAnAppleProductAttachedToMyBodyAtAllTimes.. I know how you feel about it.
Through sin and self destruction
when the predictions are happening? Today, all day and repeat performance tommrow
- Thx for the laughs! It does suck, but it is easier to deal with a laugh! And... finding some editing to do, I guess. Nite! :)
They don't call'im the CHB (CurlyHairedBoyfriend) for nothing. Pedro dubbed him thus. Always negative but entertaining.
I'm coming home.
84 flippin' degrees today. Wonderful. Love America. *waves flag*
The Cider Revolution rages on! The more cases we make, the stronger the cause becomes!
Michael buble time!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Butler GUM Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
they ain't have it at the place I told you?
Tough to see leave tonight. I'm confident he'll have a solid singing career.
#IfOnlyICould do a song with -- That'd be the best thing, ever.
will be crackin tonight! Hit me up!!!
She Calls It My Car But Then Shes Gives It To Her Bf To Use With My Gas -___-
ohh do tell! I'm sure it's fabulous!
I'll just fast forward to #UnfollowWednesday and call out a night. RT
Distance to civilization is inversely proportional to smokiness and price.
Why are all the best civil liberties twitterers so obnoxiously self-righteous and smug?
i would have the best dunker i.e. IGGY, LBJ, KD, and ELLIS in it not the most boring players who cant dunk any tricks like dw7
My grandma's mother's day present >>>>>>>
Fire Ant and Soldier Ant (c) d. Young Bucks when Fire Ant pins Matt with the Beach Break.
Friends don't let friends play darts on Jaeger.
So i see you're at JPR now! Congrats my dear! We will need to do lunch soon. Say hi to for me :)
Now screening music. If u want a chance to hear ur music on #ForTheLoveOfMusicATL live radio in ATL, email MP3 to
your nursing staff is a fucking joke! Ill be sure to advise my roommate to file a complaint
": thank me for causing u to come out the closet"u have no idea i thank u everyday
If I was your "Boyfriend" never let you go. Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> RT Favorite song from the Biebs?! Ahaha
Because I don't post my love life does not mean that i do not have one
starts at 8!
The time has come for us to start being the men we always knew we could be...even if we didn't always believe it.
"hard work beats talent, when talent doesn't work hard." Let's go get better today!
Santo need an all women secret service team. why? coz that's the riskiest demographics for him & Gaddhafi had the same protection
I drank them to much to where it gives me asco fqgsjdlfls
I've never seen a faster drive thru than the Chick fil et on Waters Ave. in Tampa. Yeah!
Doesn't Stevie Wonder just blow your mind sometimes?
i want to go to the mall with someone
Pretzels. Singles. Pacing.
Hello Brooklyn
you only live once . but if you live it right , once is enough .
Is Natalie Tejeda doing this PA??
buy some with all the cash I hear you make now!
riding a mt. dew sugar rush...what should I do? *looks around*sees piles of dishes*mt. dew rush already waning - darn.
where u been bro? In chicago for my father. Say a prayer for us.
Thanks so much to Gabby Parsons for doing a great job tonight when playing my single "Far Away" on WMMM 105.5 in Madison, WI!
What's your biggest limitation to generating more content for your blog?
Ryan Gosling, baby. Come here!
My seasonal kind of feeling led to the purchase of Leinie's Classic Amber...vs Original or perhaps Summer Shandy.
Live til you die...
But, I'm sure it's hard teaching cataloging in an online environment. I just thought she could have been more engaging.
Meeting before his show at The Riv tonight.
Rearrange and cleaning time.
RT : #Scorpio ... others instinctively know not to mess with [like most scorpios's I don't believe in the zodiac]
yeah! it's true RT : Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. James Baldwin
Yu do music
The PARTY box is NEW for December - only $30 for treats n eats for a casual get-together check it out www.thetreasurebox.org
RT I've done all I my projects in #CS6 since the beta launched.//is it better than cs5?
ordering Daddy's Delight now - thanks for sharing!
K st will be blocked off over the next 4-5 months between 4th and 5th
Awkward moment when your meeting Alli Simpson and your camera is recording instead of taking a picture
That link requires Silverlight, which won't install on a locked-down PC. Will try to find alternatives
thinks itd be great to go as Dr.Teeth & The Electric Mayhem for Halloween, but we'd need more band members. Anyone know a green sax player?
Just said I lost a bunch of weight/this stuff works--look at this news article. Then a link. Didn't think it was really u!
let me visit ya!
I'm just glad you didn't make a GIF about my delay in posting it b/c of tech issues. We'll have to do it again sometime soon.
“What does this word mean here, revolution? They use it on every page. It means hashish. It means sex. It means sex oils.”-Z. Herbert
Iron Man 2 is pretty awesome...go see it when it hits theatres friday!
Probably so!
Good job and #ChrisMatthews of this morning on
thx. I was nervous til bout 30 secs left. Y'all had helluva year n plenty to be excites bout in future. Now u can root for us
#TOURS Teebs North American Tour
Yea, guys, that first part about the "Super Heroes" wasn't scripted at all... Still entertaining. ;)
There may be formats like that, but you'll probably just end up with one empty audio track
I'm beginning to think pesto is just an all-around bad life choice.
You are not even watching the game. You can't judge. Don't you think I know it's about who scores the most?
Wow.. Sounds amazing. Fracking is bad news.
My Chicago accent doesn't translate well over Twitter? :P Maybe I should spell "cat" like "cat." You from the UP or main part?
Just got home from school and in 3 1/2 hours going to be getting braces off!!!!
Gotcha. The article ignores that those marks were with the wind and hence invalid. So, it's completely off base.
At work chillin can't wait to see my girl tonight afterward !!
I am getting totally disgusted with the Knick's play. If D'Antoni can't coach them better then it's time for a change. We want Patrick Ewing
Some hoes shouldn't smoke squares til they lips turn #SnickerBrown like they occupation is kissin ass
Thanks! Lol. I have problems drawing back legs for some reason.
Damn, the late 90s really did give us some shitty music.
Poor Karl. I don't want to cuddle strangers either.
The Tooth Fairy teaches kids to sell their body parts for Money.
Even beauty loses its appeal with repeated exposure
Got a callback for this film.
Tacos today. Another great day to enjoy our patio!
sounds like you are having fun with the new Jahgoo baby bath :)
are you goin to text me? You fool.
I think this means I win.
Welcome to the BHB page cristian!
Perfect timing - today World Cup U20 final - Mexico vs Brazil - support MandelaArt and get your Mexico / Brazil print today
are the two most prettyy girls ever!
Body Bliss spa and massage, Herndon VA. Nice place! Promotion for first time clients! www.bodyblissnow.net
I caught that RT : A great Masters moment. RT hahahahaha that awkward missed handshake hahaha
What is wrong with you people??<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> i need a cheer-up quote! Where did all those decent tweets go when you need them?? Gak! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Jordan flu game probably one of the best games of my young nba life...
I feel like doing a flash mob!
Great visit just now with Pomerico Builders and Marlowe Builders!
LOL right? loll ok fine.
Mrs. Ochoa was a real ass nigg!
Thanks to al my new followers
YAY! We hit 1,000 fans!!! Wonder how many we'll have after Barrett-Jackson. Guess a number and we may have a prize for you... :-)
clutch free throws lebron
Hey my friend is opening for you next week, follow him bud !
At the #octopuscarwash getting the van a scrub down.
My birthday is a month from today. Starting to think of ways to celebrate. Liquor and nudity must be involved.
I'LL BE THERE. Omg! LOL JK. I live in North Carolina ... one of the many states you seem to ignore.
Girls always say that guys sometimes make girls change for them. Well girls try 2 get guys to change to.
Bored....im so BORED!
scorching hot!!! ;)
thanks for the shoutout my man! Keep crankin' out those hits ;)
Religious views should be kept OUT of government. That's why church and state were designed to be SEPARATE!
If people don't wanna have a serious relationship but "frees"&friends with benefits. Why do they "fall in love"? #Itdoesntmakeanysensetome .
Tried the winning-a-championship thing. Didn't work out. Check out my animated series, The Lebrons. Won't work either, but still! :)
Listenin to -who says its a really good song!!!!
Diet Reviews: Sugar Busters Diet Sugar Busters focuses on elminating sugar and other high glycemic carbohydrates
Looking forward to a great weekend with my love muffin!
here, too. I'd been blissfully unaware (thanks, Singulair) until I ran out of my meds last week. Now, can't breathe!
Thanks for the mention, Beverly!
All of dem wanna drink!.
Thanks for the RT! Hey, I'll be in #leesburg tomorrow working on the conference. #2012PVC. See you around town!
We'll give away a pair of tickets to the RipCity Classic. Details 3 pm on 750-am. More to come.
Five smart librarians/info pros:
Happy Friday everyone!
- I think Play that dirty girl mab be my enduring fav. though it changes from week to week - sometimes day to day... enjoy
50% Off Any Bottle of Wine and $5 Premium Draft Pitchers (Abita and Peroni) Tonight (and tomorrow)
MT : Maggie Brooks said arts and culture has more than $200M in economic impact in #ROC, fest is more than $100M of that
thanks Rachel! check out our FB page too, we're always doing things there
T shirts available at the game tonight!
true story! Next Sunday? But where?
For those of you UConn fans scoring at home, Shabazz is from Charlestown, MA.
300 likes of notification from ariel thevenin liking my status !!!!!!! LoL
It's imprtnt 4 Tchrs to personalize learning. how can the student learn what type of learner they are with #tech tools
Rip teena Marie
really new interest-teach python/some vpython in physics-saw it might support that-in Fablab we could 3d print case+program it
good luck <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> you'll do great :)
you should definitely make a YouTube Channel!
Discussing twitter with and a nice group of devs at EMP
We can help with that!
Lol is it a.contest. Lol 500 nearly brought Me down
wasnt awesome!? i had a lot of fun working at okada-san's booth and i got to practice my japanese. such a wonderful day!!
Let it be known: throws amazing events! We are lucky to have her and she is a true #UberIcon of Seattle.
Wow!! My professor is the same age as me . Smh
nap time. I srsly need it..
Seriously is my favorite!! Can't wait for some Nashville shows! For now, vote!!! 1-866-436-5707
Nice post!! It's some good reading.
i will let her know asap baby:))thank you <3<3<3<3
It is weird that Anzalone's bother belongs to a PSU site and was providing live-updates of his visit to OSU.
Re: Dream show, I would love it if you would include advice and tips from successful, debt-free people, real-world and celebs
I am tweeting cuz told me to.
Tinas voice is just as good if not better than Rachel's.. Just saying.
Ah yes, Alejandro Fever is still in effect.
C'mon now, why hasn't Marvin McNutt been drafted yet??
I still have 3 hours till ABDC Season 7 -.- some of you lucky bitches are watching it now
Cain hasn't been home since the affair accusation. If I were his wife, he'd have lost me at Ubeki-beki-beki-beki-stan-stan.
You can't change the past, but you can ruin the present by worrying over the future.
#randomtext "I can't see a car with pink on it without thinking about you." I don't even have a pink car though...lol
chillen and wondering is them damn porkchops ready...! Mama hurry up lol
ANOTHER power outage in San Fran. Guessing it's cuz the hippies out there are trying to power the stadium with hamsters and world peace
u can lu u can hate but that just makes ur nose grow because all u say r lies stop bein a .................. see im not talkin about u
i want a famous person to tweet me so bad i wanna cry :'(
Metta is always fighting someone. Lmao. I remember when he was on the Rockets there wasn't a single game where he didn't try something.
just saw this! Thanks boo!!
Its kind of alarming that its breaking news that the leader of the free world supports equality.
Even though it hurts, I gotta do this. #Goodnight </3
Wow today is not gonna be my day
. is asking for our feedback to help plan next year's summit.
my mom told me to follow my dreams, so I made a twitter and followed you<3
Ugh I want to sleep but I want to know who is wins. Prosser or Kloppenburg
huh? Where am I working?
I agree, but that would constitute 1 foreign cult. dominating a host cult. Nobody wants that. Just that there be space for all
We spent an hour or two last night perfecting our hushpuppies recipe. Watch for them on the starter menu!
Congrats on the new #WycliffeWords game: great tool to learn about the needs of #Bible Translation
MY MADONNA SONG IS ON!
He's a noxious super nause!
The French Mistake! God I love their acting!face in this ep!
Second that. RT : illegal unpaid internships should be seriously policed and ELIMINATED. (cc: )
Girl you's a fool. Lol
Hey how about the photos? Did you get my FB email reminder you asked for? :)
Not sure how I'm feeling about #lesnar back in yet.Said some pretty cold things before, but whatever's good for business I guess?
From the Dept of Postcolonial Justice: UK advertising its charms all over Mumbai to attract the Indian tourist rupee.
Night with my boy. <3
Good morning, #libday8! Get ready for an absolutely riveting Friday, in which I have exactly one thing on my calendar.
Youre the one with it out there flopping around like that
it depends on what features it brings and if it takes any features away from regular
party in the quad!
Big college fair tonight
I like keeping the house awake. It's how I roll.
U suppose to "fluff" it lol no one writes a perfect paper “ Fuck this shit i'ma bout to B.S. the rest of this Essay lol”
Lmaoo damn ... Game full of struggle .... Gotta regroup and take care of business in Indy
negative .. It was a tight one
So many new movies I wanna watch
all these "kings fans" on my TL make me want to vomit
dealing with employees lacking knowledge of internet.............must teach them.
Didn't get to say 'hi' last night! Thank you for coming out to Flash Theater
Grateful for quiet Friday nights at home with my sweetie!
Trying to get to Denver Co. for the weekend for the Wisdom Course. Anything you contribute would help me. Cynthia
Hey dude on the bus at 4 a.m.: asking me to kiss you 5x over doesn't count as game.
i just rubbed one outta the ballpark, you guys.
Im about to start the day off with a massive crap RT : any plans for the fourth?
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Include some incentive to visit your website, such as promoting a new product or noting a new blog entry.
#SongsIKnowOffByHeart Purple Rain...and almost any other Prince album...ok I'm done
Love a #nude special vacation $100 per night visit us
Good Morning! How was your weekend?
Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be. - Zig Ziglar
Our St. Nick Sale is here: $12 off Beer Pouches, 25% off t-shirts, Free UPS Domestic Shipping on orders over $50. www.brewcityonline.com
Seeking for CNA in the Tampa Bay area
bahahaha you make me laugh
well I did take a deep look into your life when I learned your whole name
Halcyon Way have arrives in Berlin! And it's a beautiful day for walking around then rocking Germany once again!
According to , our increasingly vocal baby has "turned into a muppet." She's also got that fun Beaker hairdo.
that will only feed more into my fetish remember lmao XD
Fastest way to catch a cold: touching your nose or eyes with dirty (virus) hands. Wash often and keep your hands off your face!
who's Dunbar & St Frances play Tonight??
true mama ! Wish I could've been with y'all today :( . I have practice tonight
about to make my 300th vote. #boomsauce!
long day, time for sleep
#endoftheworldconfessions I'm starting a support group for all of the Rapture survivers. It's ok to cry.
Liike , You Had The Opportunity , But You Didn't Jump.
If you do not offer a Fish Fry you will not be getting my business this evening.
The more I am with you the more you break my heart... But I'm not giving up.
This=truth: Stay in YOUR lane. Make sure you know where YOU'RE going before you try & give someone else directions.
yes. I will be back next week.
How many people have you been with ?? Hahaha we r really talking about this
Did you see us at one of the many weddings in OK & KS this weekend? Thanks for snapping your photo for the Bride & Groom!
do u answer these posts??
Hope I can stay awake.
dude... Rude.
Good one!
That was alot of uploading.
Super Bowl champs ... AGAIN. Suck it Belicheat. Pats haven't won a DB since spy-gate. Tuck should have won the MVP
Let's make music!
u got edgar winning seriously dawg?
My nephew has the funniest laugh
learning can take a lifetime but so true!
.... So great meeting y'all tonight! We'll definitely have to hang/ make music soon!
Our first Craft Beer Tour is tomorrow in LoDo! Join us on this fun tasting tour of some of Denver's finest taprooms!
Thanks for the recommendation, Mike. I've never heard of that series. I'll check it out.
Draft, FA completion, fantasy draft, fantasy championship, #dabears super bowl win. Yeah its gonna be a great season!!!!!
Happy Monday #twitterverse!
follow me, all of you 200+ people! (:
Were ready for another local show as good as the last one went! To our fans we love you all and your the best!
how old were you in that pic?
Know a #local #sandiego #lajolla company that wants to do a deal? Introduce me, and if they run with us, YOU get $50!
Dreams do come true!! I see big things happen, you have it!! Your missing the boat!
This dough is four days past its recommended date but I think it'll be ok. I'll just use a lot of flour.
I am Tom!
i do
and change pillow cases even more often, especially if you're experiencing one-sided breakouts :)
Kobe bean Bryant!! LMAO @ Reggie miller
Got this big beaker of green uric acid and no idea what to do with it. MLB on Fox, where are you?
Im only 5 mins into and Im already cracking up. Congrats on being picked up for another season, u guys deserve it!
SEATTLE TASTE MAKERS & PRESIDENTIAL EVENTS PRESENTS VIRGO 2K11 - THE BLACK DIAMOND 20TH ANNUAL VIRGO PARTY #VIRGO2K11 $30 to see
OH at : "Sometimes you just have to shake your co*k." cc
Wow ok
I'm making super dark chocolate ice cream with a hint of cinnamon. That's how I do.
Is that a Geeltrip?
Talk about awkward! lol
Had fun today with the visual icebreaker and leadership activity by Also liked new online version
For those "of a certain age." it's never too late. See and her new murder mystery. GO INDIE!
Great to meet you last night at #gelatotweetup. I look forward to seeing you again at more Seattle events.
Oh no.....not a film o.O I'm getting sleepy just thinking about other people, watching a film. You poor thing.
its really ugly outside
I'm sorry for your loss. I am trying to reach some of Kevin's friends. Would you mind chatting? I'm a reporter with the Inquirer
I'm pretty good Wasup with u
-- ranks up there w the real truth of the tooth fairy and Easter bunny.
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 32
ur obsessed with him and he knows it
Plenty of beer. Just need pong tables.
Commission meeting begins. Watch live and view visualizations online at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov
The beauty about completing the form is that for those that jump online and do it is that they get a free class pass
oh ok thanks :)
The naked mole rat! Haha
you all manage to pack so much information into 22 minutes.
Been home all day. I forgot how it feels to be out side my home.
I think that was a bad idea :/
The 2012 PL Comps for Q2 has all shipped out to our subscribers—expect them in your mailboxes soon!
Thanks - Look forward to catching up soon
I trusted you, but now your words mean nothing because your actions spoke the truth.
Whoa! Looks like we are all set if there is a sudden sausage shortage.
I just went and saw the movie.... SO inspirational this movie moved me to take a stand andd make a club and to educate kids
I'm speaking on efforts to end #sextrafficking 's "Arresting Demand" conf in Boston w Ambassador & other leaders
I mean really, whn IS there only 1 way? Smetimes it's true. But w/so many places & people there's bound to be legit variation, isn't there?
Just concluded great breakfast mtg with two fine men President Pattea of Ft McDowell Yavapai Ntn & Dr CT Wright of FH Unified School Dist.
I heard that Canelo made Mosley his bitch tonight, is this true?
It's normal that this is what I think about, right?
did y'all even know about the web awards voting in March? We just heard about it last week!!!
your philosophy: "don't suck?"
plasitc sporks?? Guessing I need further education to offer #insight on this topic- but you are #funny! Will join u in class!
In for the night! I'm already having fun watchin' Braxton Family Values! Love it!
I'm with you re: I'm not a defender of his, but man...some people forget the "ridiculous" part of the mantra.
#ireallyhatewhen friends ask out too many guy for me cause it makes me feel stupid.
i wish Utopias were real :/
Ohh snap how is Zachie talking about.
well i hope so..don't wanna show up barefoot...hahaha
yes!! Awesome conversations. So much passion here!!
I know! Last time I woke up at 6 and still didn't feel totally up to speed. 5:30 wake-up call tomorrow.
I'll see bout that!
What did you get for a tooth under your pillow? I got a nickle, but on this, Tooth Fairy Day, I hear kids now get between $1- $5. Inflation?
BLOCKED // ACCIDENT I-270 West between QUEBEC and VASQUEZ
Why are you such a
Just watched what happened to Rhymes on the MLB Network. That was scary when he collapsed in his first base coach's arms.
If ya'll tweet me WE LOVE MAMA MAHONE 5 times I will give you a shout out ~Sara<3
laughing counts too!
WOOT WOOT!! i got xbox live again!
: But do you have slow hands?
Do not buy Hanley Ramirez low unless he gets traded from marlins.Wasn't high on him preseason,and no workethic in Florida
Clues! RT : Sunday news agenda is: death, tennis, divorce, and stalking. Get swotting
Dammit..I don't know what to draww ;A;
I gotta get some sleep doe...
On my way to San Diego with . we got u!
#np The Downfall of Us All....
well considering my age, im short lol
WE HEART YOU!!!..... you know?And our hearts are the Red Sendik's Bag Color of Red! :) #YesTheyAre :)
just to clarify for the twitterverse yes is 12 but I'm not the one mentioned in this tweet. Thank you :)
Jimmy Johns was faster than expected
love u too! I have exams, soccer ended, and trying to get a guy
Double up
When people assume things <<
If you would be loved, love and be lovable. - Benjamin Franklin
“: Nah that's my zombie hot mama! I got her trained w no brain!” You're a sick man after my own heart.
TOMORROW 5/9 WE WILL B AT TWO RIVERS CORPORATE PARK OFF MCGAVOCK FROM 11-130.COME OUT AND GET THE BEST COUNTRY COOKIN IN NASHVILLE
Midvale blvd. downhill. 6 cops. Must have budget issues.
Welcome to the 21st century Mr. President. So glad you decided to join us in an election year
ha! Well, it's unusual for me to ever 'enjoy' being on hold!!
Yeah. Especially if you go into stores with people you see all the time and recognize you, and then they're tempted to talk.
you tweeted a lot last night
Thanks Stef - you're in charge.
do you feel that we are entering a time of more frank talk about open data?
theres been a few years before you got here.
RT : Got 2 tix for salsa and stars for a lucky fan retweet me
brianna got a sexyy personality n her talk just drive me crazii
no I want thunder and lightening
And just like that, I feel like a damn loser
I think if you drink enough your brain starts photoshoppin people. Lmao
#TigerWalk's name was inspired by the signature pre-game ritual where Auburn players walk through a phalanx of fans lined up on Donohue Dr
: Please RT to let fans know to use #HitchOnBTR if they want to ask M. Hitchcock a question on Tues.
Stuffed, laying down, working out in the morning for sure.
What if IE is uninstalled? Nervous breakdown? RT Dear programs that insist on opening IE instead of Chrome: please fuck off.
That article on disaster costs just highlights the problem of metrics like GDP. True comparison is with the counterfactual.
I would love to sleep in today, but gotta make money. Lol
Deuteronomy 31:8 It is the LORD who goes before you. He will be with you; he will not leave you or forsake you. Do not fear or be dismayed.
PURPLE SWING IT OUT CHRIS MATTEWS is the NICER, DICER, SLICER of anybody who rolls on his show and is one of the CASE OF THE FAKE PEOPLE.
woah... Please don't.
Thanks for the great #140cuse to and the rest - lots of great ideas for a social media class I'm teaching this summer.
Joe Donnelly (D) has a chance to beat Mourdock in November if he gets good turnout.
What are some of your favorite rising talents?
morning Honey
IM SUPER EXCITED
#40Days Till a lot of things, not just your album Justin.
Sometimes we don't get to say Good-bye to those we care about. We can say Good-bye in thoughts. I don't want to say Good-bye yet though.
#scandal #time shifting
Our pizza is made with real French sourdough, fresh sauce and 100% whole milk mozzarella. It's the best pizza around! $5.99 for whole pizza
..Flag of Japan, Bowl of Rice, and Kimono
it looked really solid man
Remember that time I thought I'd be home in time to go running before #HIMYM? Yeah, that didn't happen.
Getting no more than 3 hours of sleep all week is starting to catch up with me. Definitely planning on catching up this weekend.
lol aw that ain't no good wife then. Jk
followed you!!!
I just have to accept the fact you don't want to be friends anymore.
You just did :) Feel free to modify ours as needed.
Unencumbered... Ah...
Enthusiasm is a kind of faith that has been set on fire. - George Matthew Adams.
That feeling where you wanna talk to your best friend about him..but he's already hers...<<<<
HA! Save some of that nice weather for me when I get back tomorrow!
Worse pain that i ever had!:/ it's killing me I swear I never cried soo much...
Caramel Frappé “: A #McCafe Mocha Frappé, Caramel Frappé or an Iced Coffee –which is your favorite way to chill with flavor?”
First league match for my high school guys today, so pumped to watch them dominate
Think in terms of harmonizing with all those involved in your situation and see the outcome flourish for all
sounds interesting!!! Hit me up for time and date
To the douche lord who threw a glass beer bottle in my drive way, thanks a lot for the cut on my foot.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Patience young Jedi. Wrapping takes skill and strength.
I hope we finish watching shrek in Mrs reyes' class tomorrow! Cuz I don't wanna do work >.<
You can only hate those who've gotten close enough to hurt you.
Wife on bed rest at hospital until baby is born...most likely baby will come early...
Don't wanna go back to Afghanistan without eating at all of the good restaurants.... Gotta decide on dinner tonight.
stats is god
It's ok I was just sick so I didnt do anything expect my birthday dinner lol and ok lol I love you too. TTYL <3
NFT:) How are you?
Then they really are stupid , smh
rough life
john mayer playing guitar is like a chocolate sundae for your ears
Fraid not. I always end up missing those because I work on Saturdays. Lame.
I would love for you to meet who is a USF student who interviewing for internships in NYC for the summer.
just glad he's out of my life, feel bad for all the future broken-hearted women that he's gna hurt. cc
So sweet, thanks for waking up with us!!
loll no..
w/a printer failure. If you finish before due date & time, you have time to troubleshoot & notify you.
“: that's gross” haha
Q from MAPI: are univ's too difficult for industry to work with? A: need to improve incentives for univ's to accelerate innovation.
I'm going to spend my nights either sleepless because I'm too busy thinking of you
; & the oscar goes too for being fucking "dramatic" <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> you want yah fucking award.
You guys, I'm such a bad person for wanting to be happy with my life and trying to suck out the venom from it.
A lot of the restaurants do, like Burger Up (beef from Triple L Ranch in #FranklinTN) and tayst, among others.
625 followers.. U guys r great
Jamie Varner signs 3 fight deal with
The trick is to make sonic booms either "non irritating" 79-88 dB or eliminate them completely.
U see it!
#kitchenpetpeeves #angrydiner.. had a custmer tell me to f off because I wouldn't comp an entire bill
Did anyone see "The Hunger Games" yet? What did you think? Did you get hungry? Come by and eat a torta!
Ok here's a "weird" one for you: What's your favorite time signature? =)
I Should Get Paid For Thee Shiit I Put Up With....
Are there are any debugger tools that show the actual value passed in the events variable?
Time to read, Emily the Strange!<3
Happy birthday to my boo and best friend <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> I love you to the moon and back!
Headed into a day off. Hopefully I won't sleep through this one like last time.
Worst name for a band in the digital era ... "Porn".
- Well, Did ya get it yet? (hint<U+2192>"Sweetness")
The next time my kids ask me what Jesus looks like, I'm going to say, "Jayson Werth".
hm.... is picking up more syrup today. Maybe Langdon Wood should do a "porter" aged edition.
wait what?
Hi, Larry Jarrell suggested I contact you regarding comic book reviews. I got a few titles, how do I get them in your hands?
I accept
are you Nutz!! I want the mega ticket!!!!
I didn't 4get about u too much goin on bc my bad car accident. Do ur thing I still got u
#MattsChance producer just joined pa & actress on
well said mama“: we love your mom that's why! You can be frustrated at your mom and not call her a bitch!”
raise taxes
I Guess Girlfriends Are Cool...
Can't recall 2 many days where I was in a good ass mood ALL day long. And it aint even friday.
Creating Your Beyond, LLC - What's your heart’s desire? In helping people to create life they love living we will work together...
recipe please...
Per #HouseOfCards will begin filming tomorrow in Washington, D.C.! Filming will take place around Pennsylvania Avenue & 3rd...
its ok your good : ) and uhmm I wrote a rap it go ham
LOL that's funny. Did you see movie & read book? I don't even think #Katniss braid looks like what book described it.
"SOME OF U' NIGGAS IS BITCHES 2"-ICE-T "ORIGINAL GANGSTER!!!!"
Ugh does it get any worse? RT It's rainy windy & cold (42) outside. Cabs are in high demand & higher then usual traffic.
that's super hipster.
We Appreciate Teachers! Show us your faculty ID and get 10% off your meal!
My Filipino girlfriend is watching a Korean soap opera. I thought all asians hated each other like the rest of us do.
Hollywood Jammers take on ex Lakers player Tony Farmer of the OC Gladiators Tuesday 5-5-09 7:30pm at Grant High School. Kids under 14 FREE
With family heading to "Block Party on Wisteria Lane" at #universalstudios supporting the #CF foundation
People can be so weird..love public transit..
I submitted my script. I wish I could have utilized a few more days, but I'm about to get on a bus back to NYC.
It's 6pm and I'm tipsy out of a sippy cup at Big'Z with and AO
Congratulations to Mari for a beautiful Quince yesterday. Photos posted soon. Now time for johns incredible!
Isn't it though? I'll CC you next time ;-)
What up
Opening Day at Fenway is like Christmas! Can't wait to go in a few weeks with my boys!!
"If he is dreaming, then he must be asleep. And if he is asleep, then I will wake him up!"
Catch me rockin @ The Bar Room March 2nd!!
Join us at Reston Community Center for the annual Pet Fair Saturday, April 9 1:00 p.m.-4:00 p.m. Hope to see you there!
if we skype and i dont have a haircut..we go together
40 Days til' Southern Decadence! Who's pumped? Enter our Southern Decadence Sweepstakes now! http:///www.m2sweeps.com
#JPM kept gambling & look at those idiots now.
how often does the positive of social learning get run over by reality of high stakes testing
I will always have your back Texas Ranger, you my Texas brother!! Miss ya! How's the wifey?
Oh I offended you with my opinion? You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
this is beautiful!
I sell out Arenas I call that getting dome
Sing it, sister!! Love that you spoke up about it! Your body created ANOTHER HUMAN, give it some time to rest!!!
Austin's middle name is 'Carter'! RT if you think his name is perfect. (: Austin Carter Mahone. <U+2665>
My room was just clean a couple days ago... Oops
I like my rockstar sugar free and my nose holes booger free
Probably why I was binge eating a few tweets ago “WhenSomethingEatsUs,We Over-Eat.GluttonyIsSelf-MedicationForUnhappyEmotions.” -
Most corporate Expense Reporting systems/processes are in desperate need of tech overhaul/modernization.
“: stop it right now I wish otown was still together” Hahahah me too lmao. You n your neighbor had that shit down! Ahaha
My Battery Is About To Die Cuz Ive Been On Twitter! XD
I start my new job Thursday :)
Thank you all for the #FF last Friday! Have a blessed week:)
yea we did. You went to a movie with ????... Jealous
#actors #headshots is the real deal.
Ladies we marked down over 5,000 pairs of women's shoes this morning!!!
Thanks for following! We are lovers of all those same places :) I grew up in Almaden! Looking forward to connecting.
Watching 1981 Wimbledon tape off KPRC at the Paley Center...for the commercials.
What are the two types of parole? Which is more common?
$59.4 billion = Total loss of workers’ wages & salaries as a result of sequester, what calls "balanced"
Warning: Women, do not hate me, I have to ask this: Why is it that some women have to be so difficult and not communicate what they want?
Bulls needed ALOT this series.
Can't say I haven't had that thought before
At the same damn time! x7)
i just laugh @ the bitch.
that cover is amazing! Love it! (:
I never knew there were 7 different types of monster.......... #amazed ~Devin.Anne<3
NOTE TO SELF: Stop sleeping under the fan and you'll stop waking up with a stuffy head.
Uuuhhh think think think
Golic will never top that. Never ever ever ever ever.
LAST MINUTE TABLES??? RT/DM for tables/bottles for one of the hottest late night clubs in the city!!!
Any Pro Tips for a new-grad aspiring game designer in the LA area?
awww I miss you bunches.
RaRaRiot had to cancel this Sat. gig in The Sett due to illness. We will reschedule R but Yellow Ostrich & Delicate Steve will still play!
We keep only what we give away.
whats it about? and yeah know it:)
Work out time...day #5 on this workout
RT : Best practices teach you how to ride the bike. Innovation gets to do the 720 aerial.
we're rocking your trend-watcher tonight fyi
lol. That was interesting indeed. See you soon
Rt if you love austin mahone and you want him to follow you <3
Detting ready to go to home depot. It is one of my happy places
"Wait on the Lord: be of good courage, and he shall strengthen thine heart: wait, I say, on the Lord." -Psalm 27:14
Safe journeys!
Give your customers choices to be able to connect with you --> #facebook, #email, #twitter, #linkedin, etc…
I'll bet your Twitter account is blowing up at the moment :-) I still haven't forgiven Jerry for firing Tom Landry!
Lol @ my last tweet. I had 2 follow da girl who said it haha.
You can take the challenge with us! RT sure wish I could make it to the Fit & Fabulous event!
im laughing so hard i punched my dad sorry dad
To the random guest in our tiny chat that just started playing , i love you.
#ASKSARAH: what is your favorite part about prom?
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Celebrating last day w/our intern :( We will miss her positive spirit & grateful to have had her on our team!
First thing i'm doing when I move out: Stretching my ears to an inch.
that a girl!
OH: Prince Charles is Stannis Baratheon. No one wants him to be king.
thank you kind sir! I like the number 11. ha!
oh okay, lol... So are you going to have an album out soon.? I hope so.! I love listening to your music.
nah...I actually don't have any music on it...
“: Remember, directors say “action!” not “overaction!””
why have i been feeling really hated on lately. asjdfkl like.. i don't know what happened
#KehindeWiley first portrait of a female is Santi White of #Santogold?!?!?! Awesome!! Can't wait to hear the new music.
are you ready for some fun tomorrow?
Oh but they are…name one people who have lost their language to the point of not being able to name it who have
Ok- just found the link to the two free credits. I've already signed up so I lost my shot. Boo!
Who knew looking for a prom dress would be so difficult <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
so I'm told.
New Opportunity at SolarWinds - Sr. Online Project Manager: lnkd.in/35pJYw - Austin, TX
TekPartners will be at the South Florida .Net Code Camp this Saturday 2/18 at Nova Southeastern University. We hope to see you there!
App idea: A service that makes you virtually invisible & perhaps kills you at the same time. So at last you can relax.
Best description I've heard yet.
Why is it so hard to get to follow me!?
Pinterest is not working!
thanks so much man! hope to see you at a show in september!
His wife finna beat his ass lol
They need bosh to win this series that's just real talk...people say he sorry but he still scores
My Top BTNH tracks: Do Foe Tha Love Of $ (esp. extended part), Creeping On Ah Come Up, Everyday Thing, 1st Of Tha Month (no, no Thug Luv)
Joshua's voice gives me "gooseys" ALL the time. What a talent. American teenagers need a lesson in good music
Kinda wishing this was a dream.... nightmare.:(
yes u do , stop it!
I think we need to find a way to get a star to pair with the zbo/Marc
Adversity: the moment champions live for...
. The Lion, The Witch, and the Pizza
approximate improvement in mood when M's play good baseball: 25%.
WE NEED UR HELP PLEASE!! is thinking about suicide !!! Please help us get selena to tweet her to change her mind
Only the Rockies have allowed more runs in the NL than the #brewers. That's really has been the overall story, despite the offense of late.
This sinus headache can go straight to hell.
Did you get it to work?
Eeww I'm muscling through this.
i followed her
Great choice! =]
my favorite boy band ever! :)
join my Mobster 2 on Facebook:
Congrats my man! RT : Christophe Choo from Coldwell Banker Beverly Hills honored in the top 1% of agents Internationally.
Never underestimate the value of great friends :)
LAX is crazy right now. Lots of grown-ass adults cutting in-line and swearing. Happy Holidays!
My body hates me for being awake.
yes I am. Just found out this past summer
Fake RT: Not guilty bitches! See u @ the clubz, first round tonight on me ;)
Smiling back<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
i'm for sure not going. couldn't get press access.
#SaySomething next wednesday cant wait!!!! :DD
Follow back fam! It's woo
you mean the world to me, even though were not dating!
The girls with the scarves. She's a nice looking one :)
The cat was playing with a dead cockroach.
So in a couple years they can file antitrust suits aginst them? Sure.
I played 4 innings, got two at bats.
Nike golf shirt..
okay, maybe.
Ted Valentine, one of most prominent NCAA officials reffing this game.
#IdeasForNBA2K13 Add in the Bucks' mascot, Bango. He's arguably the only positive, consistent thing going for the team.
Winchester Hospital adorns hallway with Clarke County landscape photography; Landmark tree w/ pasture fence and rolling hills on the horizon
you watching she's my friend in my head you know!!! :)
lol I can't right now! I can after that DCA thing tonight! If you wash the outside ill help you with the inside tonight! Promise!
catch anything? lol
Rob D and Ann. Makeup game tomorrow morning?
Thanks for noticing! ;) Come and see us some time! RT : Congrats to for winning The Extra Yarn Contest.
as long as it is steel
Is that what you do to stay funny, Jimmy? <3
lol, what are you taking about? you tweeted to me&said yes I am&that was a song lyric. you okay?
SUV kind of depends, and alas can't yet do more than one at a time. Best to have a friend/family member request at the same time.
has the best names for her "kids": Rafter Yellow and Stormy Cashmere. Like throwing a dart at a dictionary...
Was far from the epitome of that hash tag against Arsenal in that '04-05 match that ended the Invincibles' undefeated run.
Who is planning on trick-or-treating around South Beach?
- Why don't more government agencies participate in the #abilityone program; especially in this economy?
Sometimes I feel like if I didn't talk to people it would be easier to talk to people.
RT if you have friends on Twitter <U+2665>
what's your favorite thing to do besides dance and basketball? And follow me ?(: 2
Harry is pricing some really cool records, including some Smiths and Pogues. Rain schmain!
If you ask me how I'm doing, I'd say I'm doing just fine, I'd lie and say that you're not on my mind
Jackson Generals play a double header tomorrow!!! Game 1 goes to , and Game 2 goes to !!! <U+26BE><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
It's all happening…
½ off all rails, calls, domestics, & micros tonight 8pm – Close!
Damn I'm tired af I could knock out at any time
Thinking about a summer berry claufouti and cinnamon ice cream.
Oh I know it. I'm sitting in it. I know it intimately.
Your 'precious detail' is my comedy gold. Eli is such a fun character to root for.
well, I gotta go. My mom takes all my electronic devices away at 10.... Haha just kidding.
uh what? What's up with her?
yeah. Hopefully he wont get out this time.
WHY THE FUCK IS LOUIS ARMSTRONG SO GOOD?! Thanks to for my introduction to Louis' music.
I really really want to meet you, it would make me so happy I would die(: Please come to Rolling Oaks mall at 6:39 tonight<U+E057>
/// Too many "lean with it, rock with it"........not enough "cash rules everything around me."
Gracias for the mention! Have a Margarita today after work! :)
I still don't understand how the Castronovo'a were "losers" in school.. Da faq
Straight throwback
Party/street festival. Live music and food and drinks. Today is the day!! Don't miss it!
Heartbeat: 24 hours at St. Paul's Hospital - The Province
I MISS YOU TOO BUDDY!
#yoga kicked my ass today! love it!
Floyd boy
WTR TV ch 21 time warner right now 6pm new music Kid Ink,Eldorado RED, Future
Damn Robert Talbot! Cbs8 must pay nice! Any openings ? I was hoping men's fashion depot! LoL
Dinner @ work, hope this night fly's by!
YES. I don't have the after party in the members club to get my excitement out so....
2 19 month olds having a screaming contest... I'm deaf
NFL Players added more fields in order to make their decisions faster. If you have more Qs we can get a call scheduled for you.
Niggas ride Lebron but him & Chalmers the only ones that showed up. I'm disgusted with Wade
thank you!!
dosas, karaoke, San Gennaro, bulgogi, BK Book Fest, records, friends, bridges, whitney, senna, frick, bagels, nostalgia.
Have I ever said how much I hate the lakers......fuck the lakers....fuck the lakers....!!!!
I want to know more about this
its sad when doing jumping jacks two days ago leaves me barely able to walk today. hahahaha.
I don't wanna work....
What the hell kinda shirt was Justin wearing tonight? Oh, super-rich, totally bangin' famous boys. Gotta love 'em.
ya. My mom was like im suprised that there isnt a ton of people here..like no one was there.!!
Pulled out my wallet in class to get my I.D. Card for lunch and one of my condoms fell out in front of my teacher
coming september 13th at famous sam's in glendale -the shakedown sunday. visit myspace.com/magikentpromotions for more flyer info.
Morning Joe - Mark Halperin - Is there any truth he is seeking the Republican Nomination?
3 spots left for a 1 hour marketing consultation to put you on top of your competitors..email us
#BLiNQ's #LiFT report ranks , and as some of the top Food/Beverage interests for
GET MONEY SMOKE WEED & FUCK
well there is that
Went into a fish'n'chip shop for dinner only to be told they only make pizza. That's logical considering nowhere did it mention pizza....
Hey, Scars on 45 opened for the Fray back in Feb, right? Were they good live? Cause they're coming back to Reno this summer. :)
My 2 dogs weren't even a single cell until 2 years ago...
prom dress purchased :)
Helluva a shoutout man! Thank you!
Nigga girl please haha and nothing
How can you tell which kid on the playground is the trombone player's kid? He doesn,t know how to work the slide and he can,t swing!
Curious- do you think people in sun-soaked cities send twit pics when it rains? Like, (picture) "Rain! Ah.."
maybe it would. #lustoverlove #moneyovereverything kidding.
Ugh ! I would love to punch him in his face rite now !
Wagons Galore: deadbolt lock reviews Online
Said it was the best win of his career!! Unreal!!
Had a few beers last night and started bragging about my Klout score, which explains why I feel like a horrible person today.
I feel like I really screwed up this time and no matter how sorry I am, it still bothers me.
Now day #2 procrastinating the assembly of the IKEA closets.
17. My Eyebrows <U+E424><U+E32C>
MY BABY PHILLIP IS SAFE ! <3
The Texas Early Childhood Leadership Summit kicked off this morning in Austin, TX. Stay tuned for updates from this event!
Got one ahead of it on a deadline, but yours is nice so far. Should just be a couple more days
What are your plans for the weekend?
wearing a bandana in his honor? extensions?
aww thx for sending me a tweet a tweetis like a internet present but when ur bummed out it turns out to be dust
Did anyone actually think the #Giants WOULDN'T win the #superbowl !? Go #nyc !!
Just had thee best romaine salad with ranch dressing & garlic accents ever. & some jamba juice.
i hate history movies ;p
got busy, but i'm still here!
It's an exercise on creativity. Should be fun.
Trying not to let silly irritations become major drama is often a herculean task. Stand back you little 'problems' ~ ME HULK!
is 'the independents' on kick starter?
UGH i can't stand follow spam.
going to sleep there?
yea big lol population 10 hey I grew up in baileys harbor so I know te feeling
When u settle down,settle down with some 1 that is worth settling down, Dont settle 4 less than what u deserve,Settle for what u dreamed abt
Chopped 3 handed for $6,908. 2nd would have been $5,700 so I am OK with that chop. Great start! Let's keep it going.
Looking forward!! RT : Live piano accompaniment for next panel I'm moderating. In A Family Way. 2:15. Don't miss it!
Cool, thanks for the heads up!
since people are scared to put their money up for this bracket pool, i'll make it for free. who wants in?
where you seeing some derby? HUGE fan of here in St. Paul
Having a good day at work :)
RT if you watched MTV Europe Music Awards
Can I ever sleep in? Ugh
You will be missed! RT : And that, as they say, is that. Thank you Columbia City for a wonderful 5 years.
You gotta be kidding me
Could someone from Red Door call me right away? May need to take foster bun w runny nose to vet! No one there now 8132945422
Did we expect the Super Committee to compromise? They're all up for re-election and will not budge from the party line. We need leaders!
Finely textured beef should have been explained by chefs,not politicians! Know where your meat comes from & how it's processed.
Welcome to the tweet party!
I don't want to sound like a bad ass but... I eject my USB without it being removed safely!
Has an interview with the Portland Timbers next week!
I'm at for a short-term and then who knows. Just the way I like it. How are you?
I'd be interested. Did you have something particular in mind?
Have you been reading the 3-part NYT story on this?
“Men trust God by risking rejection. Women trust God by waiting.”
Did awesome on my solo!:)
Why must I be cursed with this appetite that makes me eat all my food for the night before 1 AM?
“: Like to welcome to Rip City! Yessir” Nice pickup Blazers!
- I wish I did. I know a guy who lives there but he works in the bay area
Sleep now, drinks later.
Bro tellin me our hang out is gonna have to be ran by the girlfriend tho <<< smh
Was gonna take the train home from work today. Got to the station, my train was cancelled 3 months ago. Yay for checking the schedule fo ...
I live a helluva life!!!!!
Nope. I hung out in the student center. I like noise.
“He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.” —Friedrich Nietzsche
is #1 again on &Park and they got me Saying Hello.!! <3 :)
its not over for another 4 hours....watch yo back
"Drive" soundtrack is still in rotation.
Small homes are not always best or efficient! Design your home to enhance your quality of life first!
Was everyone else shaking in their seats last night watching Madonna like we were?!
Life gives answer in 3 ways. It says Yes & gives u what u want, it says no and gives u something better, it says wait and gives u the Best!
getting ready for IDMAA - lots to do
i love you
hey thanks!!
Lol. Ok. You totally need to call me now.
sparkle pony
yea man they are idk what I was thinking I thought I was cool so glade that didnt last long lol
I imagine a world that being yourself is being perfect<3
Dontrelle was good until he left Florida. It's sad to watch his career fall apart.
how do Texans bare 100° July heat? umm, a iced hazelnut latte is one way. ;)
Laughter gives us distance. It allows us to step back from an event, deal with it and then move on. ~Bob Newhart
Still, he took it to the basket quite a bit last game
TWO PLUS TWO IS BACK
i like that
This is the 2nd Oscar for Alexander Payne
"So, who out there likes dogs?!" - David Lee Roth
Presentation went well. Lots of questions and good discussion.
who dat Bee?
Second case study Address America project. Six words to inspire: 6 word inaugural address you'd like to hear
The president is CLEARLY NOT gay. The cover shows STUNNING disrespect & it's creator owes him an apology at the very least.
We need a spurs wcf winner.
ANYONE NEED FREE TICKETS FOR PEABODYS SHOW THIS FRIDAY? PLZ MESSAGE US!
I'm just following the Lord step by step.. Never can go wrong that way :)
no bitches is wack!
Hits from the Degabong.
what kind of salads are your specialty haha ;)
I don't like those old school pants that Leake wears. That might be his problem. Change it up!
Can't wait to go into work today. Gotta love breaking news!
don't you mean ghost-writer?
First dissection in biology tomorrow. I heard they dissect cats in anatomy, I wonder if they take donations.
« You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. -Abraham Lincoln»
got early dismissal because my stomach hurt like hell.
Blessings sweet peeps!
I just want to sleep
we still & will always love you! Thanks for a terrific season ! Cant wait for next season! You r our state heroes!
Ugh. Have to pay more $$ to get passport expedited because I'm an idiot. HEY THEATRE, why don't you charge more $ for last minute stuff too?
We working on the ep lately it's going to be 8 tracks so get pumped!!!
Me and 2 of my brothers. The other one took the pic.
You have to be extra awesome when you're not bluffing
I just began my article, and I have decided that I will include a review of chapter 646 as well.
Just had a great networking meeting with some highly accomplished individuals to explore the next big opportunity. Sushi was good too.
this made me actually LOL!
about to go check out the waves!
Walks and missed free throws will always bite you in the ass
aww no judgement here.. It was extremely sad!
Man the street is crazy out here.
Looking forward to Warped Tour like it's my wedding day.
However, have received scathing reviews criticizing lack of editing--except "errors" were really reviewer's ignorance.
Waaaaiiiiiittttttt I want to push buggy next year!
what are you running?
#pw2012 the lack of employment growth is the biggest reason for the slow and weak economy recovery
I'll be watching the game from Hard Rock with my 100k units. Looking forward to you making it out to the FT.
I screwed up majorly with the schedule. I'm already buying a drink ... i suck.
One class I'm determined to tell the teacher to call me Pickle LOL. Thats my nickname that kinda slowly faded away other than family.
Shooting exteriors in the woods tonight, already freezin my booty off. Would rather be shakin my booty with the #Tommy cast! <3
not when it's bc I left my shirt at home and dropped $60 on a new one.
I have noticed that too! I have at least 3 babies at my storytimes who wear helmets.
Never tell a girl that she looks like or reminds you of your ex girlfriend.
i agree with u on that 100 % of the way!
Protip: include a link to your website when cold emailing people.
Ty for following paige and I Paige is doing great at kicking leukemia's butt help families
dont know how long i can do this
Im moving to Miami you have any upcoming events for me?
Same here, sorry :(
What happened to your nerdiness?! Lol
you should be in a documentary about sneakers lol
Thanks! Great performance. We'll post this up soon.
#eBooksgoogle: search is better than Sony eStore, but doesn't have author alerts. only feature I see lacking so far.
does that mean there wil be a DMZ sale this week?????
Nice! San Mateo is kinda sweet. Did you look at Burlingame, too?
Super good SweetBands shoot for the #Gay band today! Thanks to , , , & everyone else involved!
I digs
One of my favorite players, Yao Ming, retired today. One of the nicest, and quotable athletes ever. You the man Yao!
Everyday I look for a way to make more money... that's all I want.
Last AP test! Yay! :)
if only delivered- a slice of cipolla would be the perfect end to this long week.
happy mother's day to one incredible mom and sister!
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height and don't tell me I'm clearly being obscure.
Thx 4 following. Now, I'm following you :) & reviewing your tweet timeline...
Sounds fascinating. I love novels set in the civil war period. Look forward ti reading it.
#ObamaRVA RT: Prediction: Belvedere/Broad panhandlers will get unpaid time off from their corners courtesy of Secret Service HR
On my way to the game let's go Fish!!!!
Hey, I have like 30 years of empirical evidence that it works.
A digital co#lor wheel is a great way to gain a better understanding of the color combinations available when
An off-duty cop shots two people overnight. Union says officer saw a weapon. Witnesses/friends of one victim says it was a cell phone.
Please follow me just because:)
you so beautiful
=] happy happy!
The beginning is always today. Today IS the first day of my life.
Bitch, please. You've had more relationships than my grandparents had birthdays ;o
Hey guys! anyone want to talk ?(:
Cher is NOT dead. At least the parts of her that aren't her face.
that's a no-go for me:(
realizing your capacity limitations can suck. hopefully you realize them before they screw something up.
« Atlanta Falcons have no two-game home stands, and alternate home, road, home, road the entire season.»
Scaring Chaz - tonight Terry scared Chaz while wearing a pink wig and holding a Justin Beiber Barbie doll.
I hate my neighbors lol! Can't wait to move~
I want to be a TEDx speaker. I'll speak on the power of HOPE
Kate (owner of Betty Lash) is featured in the Winter 2010 issue of Jewell magazine. Check it out!
Kevin Garnett is
“: So excited to see "Which Way Home" tomorrow by alumna DR.Stephany Slaughter!!”
Weird cab drivers+drinking+dancing+international kissing+unexplained injuries+nudity+frozen pizza+deep convos+hangover=successful party.
I should hope so. There is no Elvis but Elvis.
it ain't nothing ma
Lol 2 can play this game.
Myself and checking in from
Its Jerzday!!!! -A
If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.
What about CEOs with golden parachutes. They don't feel bad about losing jobs. Should we only care about the rich losing jobs?
Just a joke, Scott. I'm a Chargers fan all the way and will work to keep 'em here, but not on the backs of the taxpayer.
Did you know Graham crackers and Kelloggs cereal were both invented to curb people's sex drives?
To all my new followers Thank You!! I do follow back, have a Great Day!!
I didn't have to be here for another hour.....
Thanks for supporting ! We couldn't do it with the fans.
Paris is always a good idea. -- Sabrina, from the movie of the same name.
Can you please follow me!!?<3
Shopping day today.
The #TurkishHammer from downtown!
Life does have an expiration date. So don't throw it away before, its used up. Live, Laugh,Love and Thank God for your Blessings.
i kicked 2day at fs with my homies on the last day.....that shizz was alsome
It's National Puppy Day! How are you celebrating?
: Christianity isn't for "lone rangers". God intends for you to be a part of a local church.
#WeWontWorkOut if you won't take me on dates
I'll mark it off my bucket list now.
Or toss him in the Hell Mouth
FOUR DAYS TILL PAYCHECK VIDEO!!! Woop!! :D
Anybody else lose power? Twice?
Welcome ! Love your energy and look forward to working with you in this online world.
Thanks for listening Zeyad!
Looking forward to receiving your social midas touch!
that men of spring Is half mine u thought of at my house
Same here! i'm lookin at the clock like just 90 min left, just 88 mins left..
Going to get my hair cut
Courier-Journal Neighborhoods Editor is now on Twitter. Welcome Veda!
Smash finale, so intense! I love this show.
Don't describe what you do, how do you add value?
Red Monte Carlo ?? RT : I swear I think I saw Rell driving down 10th street today....
Stepped out in faith just now. Lord you know what I'm in need of. Please show up and show out Jesus!
Sorry I'm so gross caleb
#LACvsMEM TUNE IN to the best 1st round matchup!
We deal with bloggers all the time who start a blog, but then lose interest, or can't figure out how to do something.
MT : #QUIZ ANSWER : #SNAP is mandatory spending and not discretionary. #WIC is and faces increased cuts in House Budget Res.
that would definitely be an important part of the plot
10-24-80 Mr. USA Tony Atlas wins National Title from Dennis Condrey.
Milwaukee bound. Looking forward to singing with Milwaukee symphony tonight.
Enjoyed chatting today. Look forward to future discussions!
I think the word the stewardess used was "cute"
no way..... I LIVE IN EVANS TOO!!!! this is some crazy shizz.
hey. Follow me back ? Please & thank you. I'd appreciate that ! (:
Looks like you better find some student workers.
S|O to FLYEGang and R.I.P to that can of "Party Cream" lol....": this nigga PARTIED LOLOLOL"
Excited to be putting the finishing touches on our latest project, due out in beta next week!
RT If you are going to Sasquatch!
been such a long time i think ive forgotten how to tweet.
where are you going?
“ Not all flights are cancelled, Please check flight status prior to heading to the airport. What? Been here all day...
": you guys are awesome! Thank you for the great review." Thanks, keep makin great songs!
Hahaha the judges on dancing with the stars are arguing with each other..this is funny
GOOD GAME WE SATILL LUV YA GUYS
Jon Klein's Chance & Necessity is wonderful. Go see it tomorrow at 7:30 at the #CUA drama school. IT'S FREE!
Looking forward to talking with on Just Casey @ noon today. Habitat, McMilan camp, dog park and more!
#Denver #Broncos @ KC Chiefs this weekend... AFC West matchup... lets go #Denver !!!
Something seems fishy.
Ditto, you were great and I can't wait to see how it looks.
haha can't believe they remembered me!
Hey everyone, I will be making another live appearance on WPIX11 Morning News tomorrow at 5:55am. Tune in and and check me out :)
Just had a free sub delivered to my desk! Thank you! Now it's time for an early lunch ...
i'm in your hallways bathroom..
When negativity comes against you remember and remind your mind and your mouth to recite what God's Word says about you
Is your entry door ugly! Gain curb appeal with a new Pella Entry System and get a tax credit up to $1500. Call Jeff Reynolds (505) 362-0529.
eating sum turkey ;D then gunna shoot sum hoops ^.< wanna join ?
i've hit rock bottom..and I'm still going down.
omfg me too. Hopefully when she wakes up she'll change her mind >_>
Watched some live Queen from the 70's last night. Roger Taylor, one of the best rock drummers ever. Doesn't get his due.
Enjoyed an amazing Day Of Beauty ! Thanks Cynthia (skin) & Whitney (hair) for pampering and spoiling me! I look brand new!!
We have a winner for our Photo Caption contest! Congratulations Ania Jordan! You receive a deck of and a gift card!
#Spurs and Timberwolves tonight. After the game jersey retirement. It's gonna be a good night!
done deal. I'm expecting you to get a po box now.
Dude! You're Danger Dave. DD is all powerful. DD fears nothing.
Hip-hop isn't as complex as a woman is. -Talib Kweli
Time to go to sleep before after hours side of me come out! Goodnight:)
yes hun I did!!! Last friday lol
no matter where liffe takes me, find me witha smile
I guess that seven game series really worn us out but we still going to the ship.
Homework is done & I just get to relax all night. Hallelujah.
Definitely the "B" squad serving at Wild Wings tonight.....yikes
Follow back? :)
#Life is like a confused teacher... First she gives the test and then teaches the lesson.
Lakers-OKC...who wins, how many games?
swear you look good on your avi!!!
my brother visiting from new york dared my to write tht to u
Don't miss George and Martha on the big screen! Trust us. 'Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?' tonight at 7 & 9:30pm.
that would be the one :)
True, but you have to think of their welfare. The arms would probably fall off less in zero gravity.
Just saw these! Really, Tina Coleman/Kay Tairov should speak, on ALA's new space
U like girls I like girls too we got somethin' in common' how tha hell can that be a problem ?
Surrender surrender surrender only!! the 1 and only place to be!
Yup, products too rt : What about Korea/India where hair products are manufactured as well?”
Money can't buy you love cuz its overpriced <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
that's why u gotta trade for one and hopefully a 3rd would want to play with 2 all stars!! At least that's my thought on it
Had a blast this past weekend on our fashion shoot for the upcoming June issue! Can't wait to share!
They were having a good time. Heard them talking about collaborating on a song, possibly a Christmas song
At a business meeting(:
sock that bitch! We real nikka out here
Better days= #classichit !
Now my cribs sittin on 22 acres
were yo grown ass been ?
u r awesome!! 6thou! help me gain a few followers tonite!!!
I wanna jam with you... JAMMIN
Making snow angels today! Hope the NFL doesn't fine us for excessive happiness!
Then off the Englishtown new jersey from Los Angeles ,CA woohoo
Thanks to for the free Malone's feast
Thanks! Brennan's posts are some of our favorites. Love being able to spread the message of the importance of #eddata!
#draftdaygiveaway Everyone send in who you think the steelers are going to pick in the 1st round by 8pm.
good luck, folk
It's time to go through the last thousand tweets or so and pull some lyrics
rude! I hope u have a bad day. Goodbye!
the way Trinniberg dropped off, I was afraid he'd been injured.
Couldn't be happier with the weather today! Only in California can you wear a sundress in february!
Najae needs to come to her house in west philly so i hang with her.
New look.
Multiple experienced #dotnet #asp.net #tsql developer for clinical trials #software team in #Philadelphia #suburb! DM for more info.
and I like to lick. Lol
Almost done my new song I started Wednesday- excited:)
what can I say, he's a hoot haha
Drive-By Truckers & Friday. at Saturday. It's gonna be one badass week! [#ilm]
best gus johnson sound-bite
Very true. Gotta keep those wrinkles at bay!
you didn't even show the cool part! Hope it went awesome!
Lost by one point smh lol.
can someone please tell me how im so mean ?!
A great way to promote the most efficient charities is to use this site www.charitynavigator.org/
Thanks for the follow Von. We love #beer too.
i love how posts pics every day :) it makes my day 2c his face love u andy! ur my hero,inspiration,&i hope to acheive what u have
love it :-) RT : Getting the most out of my registration fee too!
Even "watching" the #thunder game thru twitter is intense.
I am so not ready to go back to school but ready to c my friendz
RT : Chapter Four is all about graffiti, advertising, and branding. From blackbook to billboard: Hardcore!
You're my first, my last, and everything in between..
i feel like is my friend. best late night show on tv.
HA and you started with the hashtag #donkeykong. This should get interesting.
Gus Johnson makes this B1G game a lot more fun to watch.
As long as a team is reading and working from the same book it's okay that some are on different pages.
I always think of you when I get popcorn at the movies!!!
the thing that annoys me the most are the excessive and annoying hashtags describing the picture. OH MY GOD LIKE I CAN'T SEE IT
james and the giant tittes
no point. I already have.
wow. You're cool.
It's spelled schmaat
I love how quiet it is on brady.
A #dog's sexual maturity generally comes as early as when she is six months old, but it can be as late as 16 months
cant even remember hahaha
cute - i want to try this!
Ahhhrggg! Burned the roof of my mouth. Curse you tasty, sweet creme brûlée French toast.
he's knocked out :(
The flowers anew, returning seasons bring! But beauty faded has no second spring.-Frank Moore Colby
kk!!! lemme see is can find a pic of my dog how old is he?
Bastards, man, you're all bastards.
. introduces his education commission chaired by Richard Parsons
Going out to dinner at Black Eyed Peas!
The man from the Bridge Builders meeting has his own Wikipedia page.
outstanding show tonight! Stop & Frisk outside of stereotyped areas you'll find guns,etc. U can't find what u're not looking 4
I don't want the uniform there! :D
I like my commencements like I like my women
great thanks and you?:)
u know i went 2 go work out with mikey this morning lol
Am I the only one who thinks PHI run D is suspect? Matthews ? At mike, And their whole DL are passrushers. Lost Mikel too..
#SignsUrAHoodratMother you been on Maury 7 times and have had to leave with the "I ate ass face" everytime.
Todays visit was short & sweet!...now I've got custom work to do...LUV y'all xo
#AskNathan would you go to Croatia again?
One day, I think I'd like to mess with Texas.
Good Morning! RT : I won't be saying good morning to no one else lol
Soviet posters and : relive the deployment of media ideologies! And aesthetic amazement.
. Thanks for the follow - you guys are proper badass. Looking fwd to or maybe sooner here in DC.
I'm not sure... I'll keep an eye out... that video is much lower quality than most anon work...
Madison businesses are starting to embrace the social media takeover....socialinboxcorp will deliver!
Places not to go when it is raining: the mall, target, McDonald's and the bank.
Yes sir. Amazing
Second week of MilkMilkLemonade - you should check it out. It's a hilarious show. We're seeing it for the second time tonight!
Put A Smile On Your Face...
Or is it dread?
Enjoy your holidays! We'll be back in the office on Tuesday, December 27th.
Are you hitting up the outlets in Indy today, too? You must!! Have fun!
One of my friends must be following him, and retweeted. All the connections.
Everytime I open my phone I see my boy:) Tristan Gould<U+E022>
Happy birthday <3
Back to the dr today. Sttupid sist!
- so happy you're following! xoxo...time to start planning 2012 Costumes for a Cause.
May 12, 2009: He came online to promote One Time. May 12, 2012: He comes online to promote Turn To You. *sobs an ocean*
McAlister's with Leah. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
The orioles are winning at home and what do you hear? "Let's go Yankees!" yeah!
We are updating our website at the moment: back to our regular (full) menu. NOTE: we will be closing early on Super Bowl Sunday.
Jacques Pépin Doesn ’t Think Much Of D.C. ’s Food Scene
Tomorrow is #LOUISVILLECARDINALS day so all fans and athletes get ready to start the follow chain
Watching sports center >>
Most of the article directories will keep your articles on their site indefinitely so your links will grow
once again Crisis !
Extrapolating based on the first and second verses, the unreleased third verse of "Last Friday Night" probably involved human sacrifice.
Wiman is talking about how there are certain things that only poems can do...
Thanks, Sarah.
looks like a V8 on that sucker. Glad we mostly use jet engines now.
yum i want!
Nice!!!! You are cool Tony! That's why I'm friends with you. .. Hurry hurry get over and make me some food lol
wow your getting good at spanish!!!
So tomorrow is Friday the 13th...great
and that's how.soccer brings people together #soccercreatesanotherlove I should start the free burger movement
Got and beastin these clowns lol! 2nd half coming up!!!
i want to go home
he's very good-looking, a model actually. Also very charming and good at getting what he wants. But he's very selfish.
And this is why I'll never have kids. I'm far too selfish!
Does believing in the Devil make one a polytheist? If not, why not?
you hash tagged me when I have a tweeter.
lmao me too..
I've been on the phone for over 1 hr trying to get someone to pick this up. Apparently takes 20 mns to pull-up an account
it did
I Hate Trying To Explain Shit To People .
Beach days should be everyday!
O, thank you for this! I know Hubby's gonna definitely want to try Captain Mike's. We're in for that this trip!
We will be attending the launch party for The Burbank International Film Festival this Saturday. Hope to see you there.
today is the most denied and forgotten day on the calendar
i dont really rap. i steal beats and lyrics from and
With more catches than Jerry Rice: Happy National Condom Day
I swear even when I say no it's enough it's like no but you don't eat there so just eat...lol...
kitchen ??) you?
So sorry morehouse
A search for true love by transgender trailer park matriarch Jheri Jones and her two adult sons in Bible Belt Mississippi...
#WorstFeeling is being told NO. Yeah it hurts.
Agreed, clickers don't replace actually getting to know a student, but they do give great formative assessment feedback.
WHAT CAN I DO TO GET ON TOUR ? (SECURITY/BODYGUARD)
Bout to start doin people like they do me it's over for this nice shyt
Was not chased out of the retirement center. Thankfully was there for crowd control.
APPLAUSE and Admiration!
Thanks for awarding us a rose this week! It's nice to know the community appreciates what we do.
Had my worst day in more than a year converting FPP's into cash. Played good/great, ran horrendous. Wake up tomm., and see how things look.
Just when I doubted you Henderson NV, you open a King Putt next to my gym. Woo hoo!
haha you're too kind...glad you liked it, i had fun with it and think a lot of our fellow yellows will relate!
Upgraded my grande coffee to a venti and the barista commented "one of those days?"
My mind never sleeps and my heart never hates
I'm trying again to save two accounts & Please help, I've sent many messages to support, now I try tweets :-)
Is it the real Scumbag Steve, or an imposteur?
That's what happens when you catch the ball three feet from the LOS. Tough to make it happen when you still have 9 yards to go
"Maybe it's not boys that are in trouble, but patriarchy" Pedro Nogiera
Do you have what it takes to succeed - Preparation - Drive - Determination.
I crack up when I think about sharkey and keith
It's the gift that keeps on giving!
Having a yard sale today.
Woop wooop! RT : spins at VANITY 2nt!! Let's get this party started!!!
this old thing?
idk what to do with you anymore
wants me to tell everyone I cried a little when Bubba won.
I am honored. it is beautiful.
Just love waking up at 7 for an 8:00 lax practice
Luke, do you have any analysis, or do you think people turned off ESPN to follow your play by play?
Hi, my idol #forever please follow me., ok? <U+2665> u:)
When it rains outside - it makes me think of home. Wherever that may be.
TODAY ONLY! Come into Byrd & recieve FREE Cookie Jar w/ 1 lb bag purchase!
He said ok. I told him my paper was crap.
good shift i hope? :/
Thanks. RT : Excellent letter from the editor in this issue. Right on point.
Joe Flacco's post game interview was perfect. "How do you want' people to see you know?" "I don't care." Nice. Just Win Joe!
That's very nice, and thank you for the follow.
Me vs the labels.. long day ahead.
awesome fucking news.
I'm slowly falling out of love with you.
following because it's the right thing to do!
"We're Proud Of iCarly" i love icarly
Thanks! I will keep that in mind next time I'm planning one. ;-)
thanks up up and Go!!!
#dailyDrawings - laboring over a drawing is draining but rewarding once you get what your after
my little munckin always make my day
It's 3.14 and I don't have pie! Disaster!
Me without YOU is like a shoe's without laces, A nerd without braces, and a Sentencewithoutspaces
You must not have the new iPad.
Gift Cards Available
My neck & back HURT!!! WTF.
Finally you put me first!
this nigga danny green b beastin since he left the cavs
Yep :) it's all gone now. I'm not hungry anymore. :)
is watching the money go out and not expecting it to find it's way back in.
it wasn't the bigs that caused issues?...really?...they were running up and down the court like cheetahs. tired our bigs fast.
you got it! (of course) check one of the buildings off the I've-always-wanted-to-go-to list.
great post about #censorship and #humanrights where did you find it?
NTME just got some volume, watching...
don't put jk, there's nothing more attractive than a woman who believes in herself
": Out with " We killed it tonight ... Girls were filming us dancing.
All right, getting into #wjconf 2nd day.. and NYC is just snowed in. Libraries are closed.. >_<
its okay. Rather hear it from a friend. Know its a tough message to deliver, but we appreciate it.
I <3 Wasabi! YUM... RT : Looking for a great meal on west side of Metro MKE? Try Wasabi Sushi Lounge (Brookfield)
By the same token, are all the women that now getting tattoos closet lesbians?
Meant to re:running team before. I'm unfortunately not the runner; lifetime knee problem, no running dr's orders. Wish though!
I am published. Too bad that doesn't get my papers graded.
I love that boy! I miss you ladies!
:evil grin 8o is that so? Now I want some girthy plantains
Heading to the #robogames for pure robotic awesomeness!
don't hate hahaha
I've been getting dizzy when I stand up lately :(
lol all the hoes outside of milwaukee be on dick all yall hoes GOING lol
Thanks for listening! :-) RT : ya'll dropping those club beats,starting da'morning off right!!preciate it ;)
sounds like my son..lol
Early voting for City of Milwaukee residents now through Fri, Mar 30th,M-F, 8:30-4:30 pm
kinda miss those days on 2nd st.
Be the kind of person you want your children to be.
Pick up a free copy of Polyphony HS at the Story Studio Chicago booth in the Northwest Ballroom
naww but whatever you say.
I'm so pumped for 's new album!!! I love Justin Bieber <3
True. RT : If you are looking to build confidence with customers, don't have a voicemail box that is full.
Agreed! I love corduroy and would wear it even more, but work prevents that most days.
To everybody who read my previous "weight loss" tweets--they're not mine. My account got hacked, and I'm working on fixing that. Sorry!
Coming up: New music from singer Marianne Solivan & Marcus Printup. Before midnight, Count Basie & Don Pullen. JAZZ
Wtf. Teach me bro?
..and how to get 'convenience' for the rich through slave labor. Many CEO's will carry on in his stead.
Check out our girl on the big screen Feb 24 in #Wanderlust starring Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd
it's ok cause I love you & lales:p Yeah:'(
I already follow him but sure i will retweet it(:
you rule brother!!!
Productive day. Made a deadline. Off to yoga. Friday chill out
Ok yeah so just lose when I'm at the game. Lol
Final community mtg for #CouncilDistrictsMaps is happening now at East Lake Baptist Church. City Council will #vote at 3pm tmrw.
“: Sag/aftra we did it! #oneunion” kewl, knew it was on horizon! Hooray!
timing is everything
Greinke never seems to make things easy but grinds his way to solid outings. Need him to wiggle out of 1 more jam here.
Get out of there! Quick, before the cleaning people arrive. You don't want to see their scornful looks.
I normally try to avoid accidents, but when I see you texting/driving I pray you'll give me a love tap so I can ball out on the insurance.
LMFAO. LOVE your response to Bieber. HA.
we're all the same people, we just handle things differently.
i got u to laugh today haha
has the only "party trolley" in Austin. If you're at #SXSW I definitely suggest you investigate.
And we hope you dreams come true too ! You are dope !! Lol #cupcakes !! :)
Yeah, I know that's why everyone got mad, but still, at least they got to go. I mean, there was only 200 tickets!
I'm so scared I'll wake up tomorrow and my favourite show will be history soon. :(.
At olive garden :)
I think normal tix are 40 something plus tax idk
Next time I'm holding out for donuts AND pizza.
Native Instruments. 12 DVDs, which if you ever change or migrate to a new machine, have fun reinstalling.
Really thats just disrespectful to dress that way 4 occassion
My good friend Chris just gave me some great advice... He is so right... Gonna take that with me :) thanks boo <3
it was ok. The flowers were sirta dead tho :/
RT : RT if you have like 50 t-shirts but you only wear 7 of them and complain that you have no clothes…
Made a foreign pen pal on the #X2 today. A gentleman visiting from Germany, studying for his Phd in physics. Of course we talked
those chocolate egg creams look good!
When girls think there really about that life.... like ShutTheFuckUp...
So wonderful to see Natalie Portman win. Congrats!
exactly. Cutting edge and all.
OH WAIT I DID THAT
Smart phones rule!
What if it was your kid? What if he never went to the the police, or YOU, the parent? What if it was your kid? Ask yourself.
Oh. My. God. He needs serious junk punching & kicking
Good Morning Beautiful People Out There! :)
It's like I woke up and decided to twit
your new icon=perfection <3
Jumbo slice at midnight = hangover vaccine
cool face
Having green juice for dinner to assuage my guilt for eating almost a bag of Starburst sour jellybeans today.
Burgerville Shaker CD = a cure for Parkinson's Diseases in the future...buy one and help speed up the process of a cure! All profit = CD
#NBA - The Dallas #Mavericks decided not to include Lamar Odom in their share of playoff money (#SportsCenter)
congrats! You should always strive to be the best at what you do and if he comments you must be the best "worst" js dev. JK
is my Twitter Girl Friend
TSA guys are the best. Still pissed my after shave and toothpaste was confiscated by a TSA guy who may have not graduated HS
": Music takes you away to a different dimension." frees your mind and puts you on another level
Realize that I am really OLD ---BAD idea - especially for extended period as opposed to vacation house or something
I will give you the exact date on Monday. How's my Molly Molls.
Wanting to be someone you're not is a waste of the person you are. -Kurt Cobain
You're looking for
Trimmed my own bangs today and they look OK. In other news, I really shouldn't make a habit of drinking while dinner is in the oven.
There must be a new Back to the Future movie in the works. To much BTTF buzz in the news lately. Bet it's "Batman Begins"ish, music and all.
I love him, he's a great actor & seems like a good person. & yeah, nice to look at :)
haha anytime! Did I miss anything in choir
Now it's #Tebow time!!!!
Give it to Masch.
Forget Jagger, I've got moves like Jackson!! Lmao!!!
Our next anniversary fundraiser is our 18th. It's taking all the restraint we possess not to give it a "barely legal" theme.
Doesn't get much better than neyland
We're scoping out the competition this weekend at #gtmw AND giving away something free. Yes, already! Stay tuned for details
yeahh just look threw the app store
Preparing to screen 's CATFISH for my English 2312 students this afternoon. This movie gets weirder every time I watch it.
Is that how you spell it.???? lmao.
All things that are #good and of #value take time.
The real value of a real education. has almost nothing to do with knowledge, and everything to do with simple awareness. ~ Wallace
- Thank you for joining us!
is funny but my dm don't work when I'm talking to you :/ but I see your message.....
The Most Persistent Flirter On Facebook:
Follow Please shes cool and awesome
thise were definitely the good 'ol days!
u suck big donkey balls...lol....ha...for real?.....and its in new condtion too!....
It's all her she brings it out of me lol
Hi Ana, thank you for the follow and feel free to tweet us if you have any questions regarding to this industry.
Urgently looking for a Google Maps expert for a couple hours of quick project consult. Know anyone? Is that you?
you are correct, it's very enthralling.
#AskAlex why don't u answer ur home phone ?!?
q #salute brother
Ever feel like your dream is so far away? Good. That should motivate you to do whatever you can to reach it.
Fallen Captive plays tonight at peabodys @ 9:30! Be there!
whatsup with you?
If this was drug case, everything may well be answered rationally: Z-man thought Martin was suspicious for drug purchasing, hot pursuit
river island etc? and its easy! <3
It worked in the Glory years
hahaha that's awesome
I BOUGHT MY TICKET!! <33 ^__^_ aww i wish u follow me!
“: Caught up on your x still I can get you part it!!” past* ;)
haha nice ;) well we're related in spirit so it counts!
got me doughnuts and chocolate milk for my birthday breakfast. It's gonna be a good day.
Join us for the Funding Reform Roundtable this WEDNESDAY (10/19) at 7:30 in the Leavey Club Room!
And if you dont wanna see me again I would understand.
- oh please do! THAT I'd love to read!
Migraine BE GONE! (Thought Avery left Big D already ;) )
What a catch!!!
I like twhirl. Its kinda basic, but the display is nice, organizes/color codes , DMs, etc. And is linked to tweetpic.
who is here representing you? I want to hear about the new brew!
LOL, how about some half-chewed bubble gum?
Juan B. you have some great friends!!!
#hth2012 up now.
8 yr old is enthralled watching 1957 made-for-tv black & white version of Cinderella w/Julie Andrews. Gotta love ski week.
A lot of ratchet ass ugly hos are more high maintenance than Jennifer Aniston. How do you live with yourselves?
As if you needed another reason. RT : Champagne has only 83 calories per glass!
woo! back tomoz den ;)? + lyg is gidd how's life for u
I do love Baltimore, but just received call from Santa Fe, which reminded me that if NM weren't so far from an ocean, it's where I'd live.
Then go! It's that easy, if you want to go, go!
Thanks Holly! ;)
RT because their fans got the nerve to be talkn shyt. No fan of a team who only won 7games shall speak-__-
Happy Mother's Day babes
racks on racks racks
what's you top 3 favorite roman reloaded tracks?
check out you'd be a great addition!
I love going outside for Environmental science.
I was pretty surprised
You still Crazy lmao
Got a new name for ya !!
thanks! It's true.
:) RT : Excited to see perform in their recital on Friday ^.^
Data Visualization meets Art History. Maximilian Schich's talk "Towards Understanding the Ecology of Art History" today at 4
Someone please summarize this kony video.
I think your mom told me. I will wrestle her skinny ass for him. I'm in love. Have you seen the video for "run"?
CousinThe real leader has no need to lead--he is content to point the way
when your winded and knees hurt from walking up 8 stairs your
I wanna get my tragus done son ( :
Shout out to our friends from Gary Sinise during the #cubs game!
RT : No. In 1 day U sent 17+ mssgs using my fllwrs 2 get me 2 fllw u & I have no intention to. I am asking U 2 stop mssg me.
GO HEAT
my dad will like this news. I can already here him say "I hope Canelo kicks his ass"
“But the Massholes better be gone when we come back, or I just might have to introduce Titsy McGee to my helmeted avenger.”
Hey Mickey.((:
My how we love Friday's at TWD!!! :-) Enjoy yourselves this weekend working divas!
I think I just stepped on a dead bird on the way to the strugglebus stop. Of course.
Such copies strike me as completely unlike infringing copies of books or music or movies. Of course I'm not a lawyer.
it's going well :). Just makin new friends and bldg the community... You?
Way too much Alicia in tonight's episode. Still awful.
Got no sleep, woke up with a migraine. Oh my god<U+E408>
Be cool this Summer! And save some Cash too! | worldwide hippies
This bar and this cover band.
Tiff shut your have -.-
You annoying fuckers ! Shut the fuck up before i kick you in your damn throats
When my timeline is filled with teenagers ranting about politics <<
Kat, thank you kindly for adding our story to your "Say NO to Child Abuse" online journal!
Wow. Keri Ann Meslar is a complete bitch! This is 1st time I've interacted with her & hopefully the last. As LNS said, ugly inside & out.
they were like o idk. and then reset my phone. but it works now so it's all good.
haha your comments are so funny!!! what are yoiu commenting about?
no - we didn't die - we're just on pause
Warren Bennis: Effective leaders put words to the formless longings and deeply felt needs of others.
thanks for the RT :)
thanks Brady! Have a great last couple days in Toronto!
Yes! And I'm so happy to hear you are not permanently five-years old. I'll drop you a line when back from Detroit.
Thank you again! It's an interesting topic and something I'm passionate about. I know it's a long haul from Canada to SD,CA but...
Wishing everyone a happy July 4th. If you are traveling, be safe. www.lindaswift.net
Why can't it be this nice everyday #soexcitedforsummer <U+2600>
"That which he has not assumed he has not healed..."
B.I.G. SAID GET YOUR MONEY, AIN'T NO TELLIN THEY GON' LOVE ME.
Tax refund and girl scout cookies! Best. Tuesday. Ever.
OMG seriously?
Lmfao!! I can send them but I can't see them!
Right on! If you get a chance, please help spread the word.
& my heart aches, cus I will never see you again,,youre gone.
that's so true! Kind of sad I can't retweet it hah oh well..
Thank you. I was just leaving to jump on the 408. I guess Colonial wins.
Monday!! totally got me pumped for the rest of the week! Strange yes...but I like it when I see vacation in my future!
Just knocked that VO audition out the park!
what plans for the future do you have??
Giveaways galore today including w/ tixs plus brand new music coming up from &
I'll drink the past away.
Follow friday, Love it!!!
I want Cake batter icecream ):
Chillin' with great friends for a relaxing Sunday with guitars, singing, and food. Life is good :)
Get excited for Missed Connections Bingo with , and at !
i hate when ppl lead me on like why didnt u tell me u didnt like me to begin with it would have been less painfull now im all outta shape
Proverbs 11:14 Where no counsel is, the people fall: but in the multitude of counsellors there is safety.
The JFG program High School continues to focus on college placement
New girl t-shirts in all colors also ladies we have those levi shorts so you can show off your legs this summer.
do you want leean chin
I love you
I cant promise to solve all you're problems, but I can promise you wont have to face them alone..
#TeamFollowBack : it's early as fuck. Time to gain followers. I #followback <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
fashion show!! uh oh!! and i decided to switch to a more personal handle that was both funny and astronomy related ;)
thanks for connecting on my personal twitter too Shawn! Appreciate it!
I miss my favorite show Saved By The Bell
your profile pics to sad <U+E413><U+E413><U+E413><U+E413><U+E413> l wanna see real housewives of Sedona!!!
I hate it when you do that.
No problem, Bruno. Looking forward to seeing your tweets :)
wake up
Lolololol RT : Do I love you because you're beautiful, or are you beautiful because I love you?
When your road's at an end You just hang on to hope anyway And that's where a new road begins. Randy Stonehill
Playing at Rock Springs Church Wednesday night. We are pumped!
Home bound...
Yay! Can't wait to read :).
Guys remember when we didn't know EVERYTHING? Wasn't that great?
the guard pointed out the mgr and said if you have a complaint this is the manager,
Cubs game with my girls
Winters here Jennifer.........
RT : 4.1 million youth ages 16-24 were unemployed in July '11. Help build awareness for youth jobs:...
Rapid response. News orgs have had that Dick Clark obit sitting on the shelf for years.
She think I really care tho
It's hard to stay up so late! I usually hit the wall around 6 pm :)
Jonathan register
you fucking clown... those elites are trash for the price, still riding that south beach wave from last year? smh
Oh shit I'm finally famous.
Has anyone here ever bought a projector? Can I ask you a ton of questions???
I am very cold here in the south and hungry for brownies and a quad tall americano from Starbucks!!!
NBA playoffs start today for the Chicago Bulls! Letss go bulls (:
If the thunder are the grizzlies don't win the western conference, I'm not watching the finals..
He's enjoying the fact that we're still in bed. Laziest day ever! :)
I don't care what ANYONE says.. I am going to party and have fun
it's not even that hard.
: Thanks for your suggestion. Any green in particular?
nice to hear, Welcome!!! Where do you plan on going?
Commission public input hearing in Oakland. Watch live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
still thinking about you'll. If you all need anything let us know
I ask women have they ever had sex with a pharaoh (me)
courtney's surgency went great :D thank god,hanged out with gabe,watching movie with nykcole and angel :D e! wooah!!!!
BUONGIORNO! Official menus are here. Pick yours up at 3959 30th Street #102 San Diego 92104
To get a preview, just read 's Twitter feed...
exactly! And there you have the difference in being in the minority as oppose to sitting in a place of privilege
Great day coaching 2 diff #Agile teams. Amazing how so many teams have similar challenges
nice backtrack
RT SMOKE WEED TAKE A NAP ~~ CONCEPT? COMMAND? CONUNDRUM! Clarify.
true true true
Annd you thought you were going to win (:
Let's talk #Music!
11 Days Until The Year Of FEAR!! Begins!!!
Just unfollowed with extreme prejudice
We are doing the
Nothing annoys me more than having to take out my piercing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
oh werd. Did you see when BBoys were on?
We got our Motorola Atrix smartphone shipment from AT&T. The devices are amazing. They're definitely a few steps ahead of the iPhone.
Ziggy takes a sip of water from his Drinkwell flowing fountain - then decides toilet bowl water is better after all. Cats!
It's crazy isn't it? My fandom aside, it's one of the better stories in sports in quite sometime ...
You mean your tummy?
With love comes great understanding and patience. How else would God understand us?
It's funny cuz i talk a hella lot in my head but can't put the shit down
you could use that app out on 81!
what's he doing?
What's up?
hahaha everyone thinks its true !(x
good luck from myself and cryin #packr fan and filmaker of cryin #packer fan 11
Hug your mama today and tell her she's special
she's a stylist... I wouldn't call the effortless :)
OH at mobile coffee bar 'single malt coffee'... that's how we do.
I think this every morning! lol
Through the ups and downs I'm proud to be yours. And to let you know, I love it when you call me your baby girl :)
Back to work but can only use left hand.
Caffeine Awareness Month Fact #16 - Caffeine blocks adenosine receptors which stop you from getting drowsy.
. calling doesn't end when i walk out the door of my library
Sad to hear about having breast cancer. Glad it was caught early. She's resilient.
and it is a nice one ;-)
Today, I feel like I want to buy the house I grew up in.
RT : . discussing barriers small businesses face in DC;
thanks for following me.(:
In a couple of days I have to return this computer to the owner, my ex-boss.
Which textbook? I could use a little more info on mumblecore.
Check out my latest project, Idodiary.com, the world's only couples social network. There's already a great article about it on Yahoo News!
does Kay have something to give my neighbor to subtly imply my intentions for her college aged daughter?
Yes 10pm! What else would ur biggest fan b doing ;)
As far as I know, it only happens once a year- Mick Sterling and the Stud Brothers at Bunkers Minneapolis Tonight!
Everybody Talks All This Basketball Sh*t But Were Out Doing This Foreal...
God I need you to keep me so I can do it-Keemar Prayer.
Q2: I'd run a parade across the entire country, & then I'd ring every sponsor & season ticket holder to SELL, SELL, SELL
I want the job the girl with the dragon tattoo has.
Its free www.tdmwebacademy.com - - we need everyone to help - Beta test - thx
Watching Michael Jackson's hair catch on fire. Still scary even though it happened 20 yrs ago and he isn't even alive anymore.
Can't recall, that's why I'm saying you look familiar!
Any tips for using for airport pickups at Logan?
que la guerre commence
I think I chose wisely by attending Packers camp this am
» ill catch all of it
yeyee I'd like that
Bout ta hit the bed wit ma <3
A complete financing statement and a.construction contract would have been needed
or maybe friday afternoon i dont have class that day!
whats the move son?
Happy Birthday First Lady Michelle Obama!
Hi Marisol, thank you I will, and I appreciate your willingness to help. I'll look for you next time I'm in D.C.
ok ok I see yu!
Glad you like it! We try to put up a cool #DailyQuote every day that people will enjoy retweeting to their followers.
Dancing to Cody Simpson with the little children on the bus.
“: Did you know there is such a thing as chocolate creme filled Twinkies?"---I just had deep fried bacon in WI, even better!
Attending the privacy session at
Hey, if you are that guy with <50 followers who feels obligated to lemme know you are unfollowing, just don't worry about it.
fuck up ain't the WORD... But I COULD help u OUT wit THAT! so what city u going to?
RT : Never let it come to blows... Unless its a job.
We are getting close! Still need some of the printed materials and volunteers organized. :)
fettuccine alfredo. Gimme some.
Seattle CIO says gov mgrs fear loss of control, loss of reason for existence with disclosure of data. How to change that?
This little kid is so annoying at this game.
Awesome! So great to connect with you!
(in all seriousness, glad to hear you got it. Thanks again for your work on the panel.)
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana banana wide awake
just got approved for Mortgage WHoo Hoo!!
NEW POTENT DANK BARGAIN STRAINS IN: Strawberry Cough $35/8th; White Widow $30/8th; Grape Crush $30/8th! Full Menu at WEEDMAPS.com! HAPPY 420
Loving the Timeline on our business page!!
can't wait to celebrate with you!! Were gonna have a blast!
Right now, at this moment, making Arturo google Carol Bove and Echo Eggbrecht
hm so it appears my box of Raisin Bran Crunch has NO RAISINS!? this really agitates me
For as many classes as adjuncts teach across #highered, its amazing how little voice or choice we have! Join us
lost is interesting tonight! I liked finally seeing the statue
i'll be doing a live porno on pornhub tonight. You can see me there ;)
---- today it is supposed to friggin' awesome!
Walmart on Eastern and Serene YOU SUCK! 4 registers and lines forever... I have frozen stuff
I need to think things through before speaking. Lol!
the girl who you love is very lucky, but she don't realize.
I will later cuz im on my fone
is very underrated..sitting back listening to her duets mixtape..real vocalist with swag, and a southern likability!
My House.
Cage match: Old Spice Guy () vs. the Most Interesting Man in the World (). Who wins?
Lmao this nigga is on my boys jock. Kinda gay brah..
thanks for the tips ladies!
Kuric's advice ”They have to stay humble. Just because they have the same team back...can't take it for granted. Should make a run though”
: AND better/easier online accessibility of full-length episodes!
RT : #colormeblack be so good, you forgot their acting, but the history is real!
What is the point of having a huge dining room if "The kitchen is a small space and does not have a dishwasher."
in La Paz at #EDF sponsored "bootcamp" on #fisheries #catchshares in Baja & Gulf of California Mexico, using markets for
Im Just A Crook Dropping Ashes On My Notebook ( Voice)
Picture me rollin'
plenty of unsavory types around there. Sorry to hear about that. Be careful around there :(
just watched "A Single Man" and thought it was incredible!
Yeah, I can see that... with those tiny little icons. But the text would be unreadable to, so....
shy wen I watch bbw I think of you lol weird
I'd rather be a loser than a blonde...... JK!!!! lol
so many insiders now! "F this straw!!" love you!
Hey! It was great seeing you again tonight at our ( ) show!
The day Follows me :x oh god, ama die, :x
Social Fresh is amazing. I'll have lots of good stuff to share with you guys on Thursday!
Circles, we're going in circles.
In STL for MCMLA. Just learned about various technologies. Yesterday was a PubMed refresher. My librarian brain is being fed.
coffee in house! lol
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love. - Rumi
hi Heather are you and friends?
Almost took the poodles for a walk a little while ago. Glad I didn't because it's pouring rain - again.
People of Chicago...show your card at between 4/8 - 4/12 and receive a discount!
What is the most challenging #Genealogy task on your list that you're avoiding? Make this weekend the time to start & maybe finish it?
here's a story idea: get NYT for 99c/mo. when NYT subscrip is up, call to cancel, get 99-cent deal for 4 weeks. Rinse, repeat.
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont the word 'Swag'.
Happy Thanksgiving Tweeps! Hope everyone has an awesome day!
It's so fitting that Toews got the OT goal. He's the one who wants it most.
Ya'll should release "Getaway Car" as your next single!! It's amazing!!
sounds pretty chill! and ah not really, just confusing haha. you should totes download our cd! its free
JH (): "We look at particular properties that allow us to give a unique exp. outside of the ticket window"
I'm feeling better about the thunder against lakers....no answer 4 Westbrook
The Methodist monthly newspaper World-Wide Missions had an on-going anti-coffee article around 1900.
thx!! Nice to see cereal and serial used in your bio:)
Let the Ripe One In
Happy Friday!
Oh wait I saw that lyric thing hahaha
Slow down and enjoy what you've got now
#kids Afterschool Special at Heard Natural Science Museum & Wildlife Sanctuary, Fri, May 11 2:30p: A great way to end your child’s day!...
Wine is god's gift to man. Doing a little tour de finger lakes wineries!
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 2
Hey you, muah!
We are all special , have a reason to be here and those that know as well as are doing it are blessed, others believe in the greatness of u
Back to Italia. Love my time here though. #Germanyisbeautiful <3
Sometimes I do get to places just when God's ready to have somebody click the shutter. ~Ansel Adams
TRUTH!!! LMAO!!! ": Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy! But here's a condom, so fuck me safely."
#NYC we on that grind.
Went Vlogging this week, check it out, it's the first of many!
I like you .OKAY....i know it's stupid and i know you don't care
Pretty much everyone from the biz side is in Colorado for Communikey :( So that may explain the lack of attendance.
Never bite the hand that feeds you
Dont leave, but if need a new place we can help! RT Are you thinking of moving away from the noise?
I didn't know there was music on that page and almost came out of my skin! O_O
I say you da Best.. *while I'm looking in the mirror*
LA people! Come see me at the Roxy tonight at 10 PM! $5 at the door. xoxox
LOL! Oh , I thought you were listening to the radio :o haha
Love it bro! Did I hear that you are in South Africa?... RT : how you liking fatherhood bro??
Just like I trust movies by director, I trust teams by upper mgmt. That's not bulletproof logic, but Baalke/Harbaugh not dumb
well ashley purdy is sexy to just in a different way.
32BJ union president Richezza criticizes lack of conversation in past. Nunery to Ricchezza: 'this is a new day'.
Not a boring morning. On one bus ride there were three fights
It's Superbowl Sunday!! What are you #thankfulfor about sports?
yeah buddy!
The world its falling apart. Floods, tsunamis, earthquakes, war, economic disasters, diseases; all a sign from the universe.
Trainer told me to eat my cereal with water? Da hell? I will eat dry cereal before that ishhh
just bought your book on iTunes.
Bitch you wasn't wit me shooting in the gym!
I think fell asleep
Gatewood was a gentleman and true Kentucky icon. I'm sad to hear of his passing.
Ok twits...
thanks for following me!(:
It's cool when verified accounts that I don't follow or tweet follow me
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!<3
Tina you fat lard come get some dinner!
The only apperent reason for the switch seems to be the storage underestimation. I must note that this is really apperent with Vivotek cams!
Oh No! This means Peyton Manning will have even more time to make commercials!
You rock Cesar \m/
I've heard it's good.
Ivy Johnson, senior @ Lincoln Park, shares with kids in #Zimbabwe that she's the 1st in her family to go to college
Wait, Didnt Addie get run over and die? And what was on that ultrasound at the ER???
Time for some weekend shopping? Shop at a local independent business. Make a Difference.
i though i was goin 2 envy i mite nt
Well, that's a point at least. Let's win it in OT!
Thanks. The Hillis stuff this year made me nervous/sad. I just talked to him for 20 mins, but no one deserves what I fear awaits him.
RT can you get rcc tickets at the door. - of course. There are 13,000 seats in the arena
One of the richest man in America, Andrew Carnegie is allergic to money
I can tell u been practicing.
yes! Hope I see you more this summer!
Do Not Be Afraid - Happy Easter All.
#808Pride if him doesnt make u happy dont stay with him cause ur just getting more connected to him
i love tardy for the party lol thats like the worst song
The world of the internet knows better than that Ben.
Sucks seeing the updates on twitter & being 20 minutes behind the #VMA awards! Should have got off work early!
E! Live agrees with me: Tina Fey can do no wrong!
I live in a mad house!
“: It’s so awkward when a guy comes into the bathroom and chooses the urinal right next to the sink I’m taking a dump in.” Right
*weeps quietly*
Hello to everyone, we hope you're having a great morning!!!
Oh this life I live, ain't the life for a woman, atleast that's what they say!
S/O on Instagram? No way... I earn my followers with my pictures.
no I havent
lol so many directionators in the school, like i cant even. they make me wanna smack my head against the wall!
Jolly Ranchers are the best candy.
So everyone make sure you give your mom a hug and kiss! And also tell her that you live her so much and wouldn't trade her for anything.
Don't believe in shooting stars but she believes in shoes and cars wood floors in the new apartment
where's the afterparty? You owe me a miller high life! haha
aw it's totally fine :)
IKR. U always speak the truth. She needa leave dan alone -.-
"Let's try to save two birds with one stone on this one." -- PETA staff meeting
Ok fine I'm getting instagram.
Watch the 11 o'clock news tonight. I'm producing, and can I just say... all killer, no filler? Not that there's ever filler...
thats a great way to look at it
thanks for the kind words and the follow!
I'm getting tons of robo & telemarketing calls from local cell phone numbers. WTF?
Slinking down Rodeo Dr. ... Sales people in shops look desperate. Wonder if I do too?
Omf Clarkson and his beard.
Ladyfriends: anyone know a nail polish brand with colors as awesome as American Apparel & Urban Outfitters, but better quality?
having fun
Oh, I'm so glad your little guy is doing better. Nothing like being able to bring your baby back home and be comfortable.
rosie you make me laugh so hard! your a great addition to rhonj i love your out going bubbly personality! RT?<3
Watching this Ohio-UNC game in a pub in Lexington, Ky., and I'm wearing red. Already got called out as an IU fan. Go Wolfpack.
If I need to hold an Operation Orange shirt for you for tonight, please let me know what size.
I am thankful for another day to live life to the fullest and coffee! I love my fresh brewed morning coffee. What are u thankful for today?
All finished with Army Basic Combat Training and ready for AIT to start Tuesday. Advanced Individual Training in Field Artillery.
I'm #obviously going to live-tweet this whole ceremony with a series of #obvious statements. Bring it on, graduation.
eating vegetarian
The avengers was an amazing movie!!!!!!
FYI: The title Baby Mama is not equal to or greater than the role of the WIFE!
VINCENT! computer triangle face ------------> :> just wanted to share :D
salty? If you worked for the bee for 8 months, they said you would get paid and never paid you. Im sure u 2 would be
Wise men talk because they have something to say but fools talk because they have to say something
I'm really enjoying monk! #D3 :x
Just put lots of newspaper down and let them go free, dude. They'll grow out of it. Probably.
waiting for ARod to reach 600, the pressure is on!
'Detox' would've already been out at that rate. Liking the sample of Cassius' 'Why I Love You' in last song. Missing out on bonus tracks.
I would eat that cookie for sure!
To all the mothers out there including my amazing wife who does an incredible job with our kids,Happy Mother's Day. You deserve it.
"I'm hungry." "I have to poop." i love my friends
Some friends are awesome to fart around, others ...don't bother.
Done with the gym now enjoying the spring weather
follow me back
3 keys to a successful brand: It's unique. Makes a Promise. Delivers Value.
Been out all morning! Just got home and staying in for the night(maybe) lol <U+E405>...<U+E12A><U+E104><U+E34D><U+E33A><U+E044>
don't sass me!
My baby crawled for the first time today!!
Stocking up on carbs in preperation for your next match doesn't mean cramming a family size bag of CHEETOS in your mouth the night before.
I also remember When I made it extremely obvious when I was checking someone out. #not. My bf has such a big ass...too big.
Enjoy the rodeo!
What a game by #Braun!!!
holy crap. all those people watching and he didn't even care hahaha.
Almost got hit by a car today ....
Right? Well the memories will live on.
#Rampage finally gets on the board in the second half, cut lead to 16-9.
Welcome to Twitter. I've got four episodes left of my first viewing of The Shield, and I love the Dutch/Billings dynamic in S7.
a billion seconds ago, it was 1959..a billion minutes ago, jesus was alive. a billion dollars ago, was 20 minutes in washington
Great move by Tavares to set up a scoring chance. He is now good for at least one "wow" moment a game.
": "aren't You scared of the dog? " " no I'm too drunk to be scared" #firsteverconversation. :-)" bahahah
Tomorrow is the HIV Prevention Planning Committee meeting. Please come and wear red in solidarity with the Women's Collaborative on HIV/AIDS
what does that have to do with anything? :)
« Dont play with a #Scorpio's love or you will get hurt (in more ways than one).»
AWWW :) she's so pretty! :D
bro u dumb lol
#Apple reports $39.2 billion in sales, nearly 60% increase from last year. Earnings nearly double to $11.6 billion.
Quote of the day: "Don't compromise yourself. You're all you've got." - Janis Joplin
LIBRARIAN ATTACK
The awkward moment when everyone is tweeting your boyfriend :P
I don't think it's because of where I live, but because I don't do anything but get puked and peed on these days #newMom :)
you're just as pretty (:
Those knowing me assert, utterly, my affinity for music; w/ I'm still enthralled RE bio itself: survival, craft, catharsis! ;)
would be cool to play with recycling, city tree, vacant lot, CTA (L/bus) station boarding data! I think DoEnv and CTA have it...
Can't believe you remember my beer collection! Sadly, this bottle went to recycling.
Direct someone to shoot you doing some fist-bumping with someone. 'Straight on' then 'on top & below'. Good work!
watch EVERYBODY be on the giants dick jus like they all jumped on the heat dick....what has the world come too
Brusly's Bayou Bistro was a great choice! Good food and good service. Maybe Brown's should open on Mondays, too...: )
with on this beautiful #sxsw day!
you guys are awesome!
Shot scene in morning w/Lisa Jo Keefer. Checked out SAG-e details for webisode I'm shooting Sat. 4 agent night workshop-great feedback!
DON'T YOU BLASPHEME IN HERE
Hey , what are you thirsty for tonight?
Now my name is MCA. I got a license to kill. I think you know what time it is. It's time to get ill.
very impressive start to his career. Great addition to Rangers staff working under Mike and Greg Maddux.
i wanted to hear him sing xD
#ff valuable insights
Two Bobby's in my neighborhood. The Queen would be pleased.
I DM'D YOU THE HOMEWORK!!!
#MVF is the one show that my whole family gets together and watches regularly. You rock AR!
just finished submitting my homework finna head home and get some good black food
yeah lets hope i finish strong!
Class just ended on how the internets work with professor and it was awesome! No mention of Al Gore.
What? You like baseball and musicals? lol
Oh wow that is so awesome!! I want to come to Carnival!Yes I am from Orlando, FL USA! =)
Tip #76: Know yourself. If you are most comfortable and compatible with a certain type of play then stick with it and become the best at it.
I never would have thought moroon 5 and wiz would have a song together
just still upset haha
Can't wait to go to FreeTulsa! July 29th and 30th!
FWIW, TV will probably show mostly #Orange fans here, but there's plenty of #Badgers fans on the bottom sideline side, right behind us.
thank you for this blog post! look forward to working with you lovelies!
Is moving for the third time in less than a year... it's been fun. I think I'll stick with this one for awhile.
> even if we fight it, life has a way of making sure...
I love God so much... its like when I'm so undeserving he gives out more..
On June 11, communities all over the US will suspend the population-control killing of healthy animals for "just one day." Spread the word!
Amped and Ready....let's get this shit started! Already been Rollin, KING, since 6....come join the party! Lol
RT : what we remember defines us...what are you remembering?
Wuddup i remember last year i performed at the dub last year tryna win 1 of ya beats and alladat dat nite was crazy
Just stepped back in time and did a quick SSI shtml page. Hello 1996. How have you been?
Walkn thru Walmart thinkn that I need to have or fix me fruit salad for this diet I'm tryin to start lol!!
I love that idea!
figuring out my birthday plans
MTV awards tonight !!!!! Make sure u watch it and before you do go on facebook and like us please : )
Watched basketball wives n I definitely respect Tammy's gangster. Moms need to show the same love they give there sons to there daughters.
When a girl says "whatever", she really means; I hope you get shot, fall off a bridge, get raped by a shark,and then eaten by it.
we stack our dominoes to keep the board manageable when playing chickenfoot!
your my inspiration and you would make me the happiest girl in the world of you followed me!
RT : cutting out of work early to watch my .. havent missed a game in 5 years and i wont start now
for small children, retards and deuceing?
im already followed you.
nigga u been workin yo ass off lately! We gota click up bro
Cool Runnings trending just made me so happy..... "Sanka, ya dead?" ... "Yaa Mahhnn"
RT if your on your phone =)
Saved a little yorkie! Knocking has its perks!
RT GetEddyForThis #iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo all the chinese people in topeka who have made me money this past week haha
Engines fired!
I haven't drank once this whole month.
who is that man?
some material presented at the legal issues panel at SMX Israel is not accurate.
Takin a piss in the nearest corner you can find! #Idc im a city boy
I left out the part about me showing up to the test with puke on Sarah Reichard's fleece from the night before :-/
you should join my gym!
Thanks Paige! Had a busy day but I guess it will all keep til tomorrow. Hope you are well!
Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic. – Dale Carnegie
Ayye I'm bout to graduate soon bout to get this job and get this other car Ayyyeee can u say 30's
Hate when my Dominican barber texts me, "Are you come today?" ...
Hourly work dilemma: feeling sick, but don't want to forfeit a day's pay!
Continued prayer for Bobby Kristina... We love you girl!
maybe I can be in the Behavior Analysis Unit though
Rick Perry: I hope I'm the #timtebow of the Iowa Caucuses...at least he could remember Tim Tebow's name?
Good time at Nobu last night....Now work time!!!
The new EP rules. Congrats on being the top purevolume artist, sir!
Leaving soon for the last shoot day of 'Blue Moon'
Hit my snooze button 6 times today and now I'm late fuck !
RT : RMEI including and will be spending the weekend roaming the VIP area : - We'll be in touch!
thanks but i know im not"/
That's some gospel shit right there, Bro. You preach wisdom.
I was a little girl in the 1970s. I will forever associate Donna Summer w/learning to roller skate, + I'm grateful.
Your welcome. Nice meeting you.
Perhaps it is to keep them in.
u never miss a good thing til its gone but can u miss it if u never had it
When the fuck are all of my #NewarkAcademy friends coming home for the summer I miss them
Marching today in Dallas against immigration bill
Ha. Yeah, pretty impressive. I had a hard enough time with proper instruments. Def. couldn't do it with makeshift ones!
I hope so. He & Burton ruined DARK SHADOWS ... hope he won't ruin another tv classic!!
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler. -Denis Waitley
Thank you! That's wonderful. Would love to hear your secrets.
Never apologize for what you feel. It's like saying sorry for being real. <U+2665>
checking out the Dallas restaturants. WTF is with all the places that are closed on Sun & Mon?
I'm just a prom night dumpster baby
Should I get this black beamer?
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music! Is that you?
Original? RT "You have kept me waiting - too long - it's almost midnight. The servants are asleep!" (Watching #Nosferatu)
In Ottawa now at the Liberal National Biennial with more than 3000 registered delegates.
Wise decision, no one gets their feathers ruffled, but for the time being we'll just imagine you wearing green and gold...
Beautiful blonde, I want to marry your friend.
Oh college
While *nicely* digitizing everything.
you are #creepin <U+2665>
Thanks for the Tweet Sue! Hope that you enjoy.
Wow - I'm jealous!!!
The TeaParty Right Wingers woke me up and made me an Atheist.
Thanks guys for sharing Jeff's blog! Glad you liked it and hopefully it will help your followers :-) Have a great week!
Catracha, how do you tweet much, been about 6 months and can't even get to 1000 tweets yet .. Lol
We got 420 facebook fans now! Where my pot smokers at?
looking good guys!
And exactly "who" would pay for any of these R&D pathways or launch costs that far outweigh any investment made?
I once ran a dudes pockets in my own living room
TYVM for the #shoutouts! :) Catching up on @ mentions & DMs! :) :)
#YouwereCuteUntil you started talking.
Ok, makes sense.
Shhhhh......my boss will hear :)
Creature report, creature report, CREATURE REPORT!
I am about to go shopping with my mother and sister.
#Broncos coming back from 0-38 will be biggest in team history.
In Chicago, "da" is a proper definite article and the only things on the menu ever are different types of gyros or pizzas.
ijs......... gotta call it something else.
Pimp All Daii I Even Pimp In Ma Sleep *ReAlMiKeMiLLz*
My momma loved her presents! orchids, perfume and a mother's ring. :)
don't listen to Kayla, on some hey, Lor you need to be on BGC
saw the trailer for season 2 of teen wolf!! Looks soo good! :D
Long, tiring bus & train trip home with kids in bitter Denver cold. Enjoying a warm evening together at home.
It is not once nor twice but times without number that the same ideas make their appearance in the world. --Aristotle
Sabotage ~ Wale : Lloyd
dad chanting to dog: "you my girl, you my girl, you my girl cause you name's pearl!" - our dog's name is maggie. perfect picture of larry.
RT “ We are all old enough to make our own decisions”
important note there is the geolocation isn't necessarily check-in, it's more like shopkick, aroundme. etc.
broskiii! What's your cheesiest pick up line?!
about 1:30 work for you?
Trucker picture request lines now open. Trucker picture scavinger (sp?) hunt now open. Top $ for lot lizards.
how did you find out?
Shoot I can keep up with anything or anybody SMH RT : I can keep up can you keep up with how I do
Nine!!! WHEW HOO! I absolutely LOVE the series! Can't wait, and congrats to you for creating such an awesome series.
"Be amusing: never tell unkind stories; above all, never tell long ones." -Benjamin Disraeli
Thank you :)
Truth! RT : Sometimes you want to crawl into a hole...and sometimes you want to bury the other guy in one.
if only you knew.
I spent midnight firing 3 full clips of ammo into the air on Modern Warfare 3.
whats up guys!
April's Prize:Ball & Chain DVD Rewarded 4 unlocking the "#1 Last Month"badge for all members of Big Brother & The Holding Company's Fanzy
I put my soul into every step my soles take till I cross this whole state, treatin the globe like a broke bank
Am watching Eric Whitacre and Morten Lauridsen live at Carnegie Hall tonight. And scored $20 tix too! Life is awesome!
Am I the only one who stops wanting to support their favorite artists when they find out they are 10s on the bitch scale?
maybe that's like a time limit? idk last time I took it was like 2 years ago, but then I only remember it being like 2 hours.
Could you please tweet me a Happy birthday? :D it would really make my day <U+2665>
So #clutch way to come back and win Varsity. S/o to and others I missed
did u have anything else in the works like movies or anything
WOW. Love Facebook buying Instagram for a cool $1B. Filters for everyone…
what'd you have at Smashburger? Love that place!
Saw someone playing 1-2 who owes me 200. Get 50 of it off him then he asks if he can borrow back after "running bad"
he suck, all he should do is be da face and good look of da wwe, champion hell no dollar sign yes, he poopy
She just saved $600 on her stuff...
what was Fetish Weekend like? I had a fab time and met so many cute guys who didn't speak a word of English! ;)
wow ....i was born in milan :)
“ Visions or chill ....? Hard decision ...I.ain't been out n a while”
We're celebrating Halloween all weekend! What are you this year?
So many fanboys! I love it!
sup bitch ?!?
Great White Buffalo
There is a potential that there will 4 teams from Ohio and 5 teams from the Big Ten in the #sweet16. Go
wanna please follow me?(: youu seem like a cool person
Try our new spelt flake chocolate chunk cookies this weekend. Similar to oatmeal rolled oats, but spelt.
Going to bed at 11.. Don't remember last time this happened <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Why Is it hard to say Thank you - when someone actually gives you a compliment - people start to explain why they don't deserve it !
Bet if he found a girl like me or better then me . He would choose her . O well .
You turnt gay because you didnt think a girl would break your heart but she did
I swear people are bipolar with their tweets. Smiley face here, frown there. Bitch you can't just throw those in there!
mom came thru with that chipotle... didnt even have to ask her to get it.
is it a rainbow because it's a hat, or is it a hat because it's a rainbow?
That's what we need you for!
Dear Christmas , Could you get here already ? Love , anxious awaiting Alexis .
says won't see hybrid (SSD and disk) drives in the enterprise storage
Order sent to Stephanie in CA!
Thank you so much for the nomination ! Haven't been writing lately, but I will start again! Returned the favor, though ^_^
u koww u want me I know u want me they know u want me so just admite u want me geeze lol
I will In a sec. Please follow my friend on.fb.me/kus0IF he will send you some votes.
Winspincic with client excitedly await best of the year awards for products and projects. Cindy Allen greeting guests now.
There is something seriously wrong with Youkilis
And, if you really want to track this down, you can always check out, yourself or by email query, some copies listed on ESTC...
Seriously considering selling my car....and my heart just broke saying that.
Love! “: was fascinated to find history of Charlie Brown Christmas & that Linus crashed into a Coke sign in original!”
Bout to eat some raisin bran...
Jessica Biel could have picked a better dress. Must be saving good decisions for the wedding.
frankie edgar ftw.
love you Sarah ((:
I never realized how prevalent jokes about suicide were in this society.
We r in Pre-Production of a Compton Based Hood Movie (Action/Adventure) currently seeking Financiers/INVESTORS.
asking for forgiveness instead of permission does not work in a UNIX environment.
Headed to Indy today...who's gonna be there?
Well My Other Dude Play 2 Nite Blake Griffin And da Clippers Game 2 Vs Grizzles# Lets Get IT Blake
RT : Sustainable development is the only development that makes sense - Pres. Clinton
Did some bulk cooking today. Fridge is now full of healthy food. Now if I could only crave carrots like I do potato chips I'd be set.
its difficult here at the center of your universe.
We're at $1700 on our kickstarter campaign!! Don't forget to get in there for some prizes while time is left!
dollar store apricot scrub smells just like gain laundry detergent & it kinda burns. i love the smell of gain, just not on my face.
Space still available on tonight's Bricktown Shuttle from Norman. Call now to make a reservation for 10 or more for only $15 per passenger!
The Institute is performing tonight at 11pm in SOGO. You better be there!
Si. I belong to deh whale.
Great day for a kick Roosevelt Park with the crew
OMG i just feel so humiliated by what i said omg i take it bacj all the way :-\
well don't text with them on for sure!
Hey! I miss my best friend :(
#dumbassmomentoftheday..Just paid 3.89 per gallon at one gas station..right up the street 3.77 Balls!!!
do you miss playin in front of the rg crowd?
I wanted to fuckin goo c silent house but damn i cant lol
i actually laughed out loud when i mentally compared him to mike garrett
you are welcome! Sorry I couldn't provide live updates! Cell Coverage was weak
great meeting u in person today! Thnks for taking time to introduce yourself.hope you and Ken had a great hike! best....
Ahh...45 minutes of down time. :) Reading a book and got some music in my ears. <3
Just downloaded the Midnight in Paris soundtrack ! This is unbelievable.
Don't trust what workout machines say when it comes to calories burned. They are often off the mark
I'm in need of a Drupal developer, so if you or someone you love has the skills, email me at
Starting a small press in Pittsburgh. I can't wait. Hope you join me!
Well shit. Free tix to see tonight !? Let your folks know about the show and tag 1st to do so wins.
Singer Songwriter Series showcase tonight @ 8pm. #Cantab Lounge Cambridge, MA. 21+, $6 cover.
haha that is awesome!! My friend Hannah is up there this week visiting her family! what are you doing up there?
I doubt it's ever been done before but we're gonna giv'r
Don't have that privilege anymore myself. The herbalicious angle kind of ran its course for me a while back. Got some beer, tho.
After a very exhausting and emotional weekend (my cousin's baby passed away), I am SO happy to be back at work.
I don't get it about the NBA .... U play basketball... The end
“: Oh so you go tanning? I know Oompa Loompa's prettier than you."” hahahahahhahahahahahahahahahaha
I know but I got my twilight!
RT : Check out this week on #mediachat. The fun starts at 10pm EST Thursday night! See you there!
Its started with our Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 and it continues...Our first 4G phone is in and ready to go....Annoucing The Samsung Aviator!
TED-Ed is really cool, isn't it ? Played around with it earlier today. LOVE it!
Let's go we can beat these dudes!
New Orleans won the Super Bowl. The Who lost.
RT ; if your addicted too Facebook & Twitterr ? (;
REI says 500 miles, so they're probably very close. No obvious wear, yet, though. Might try relacing them and see if that helps.
happy birthday Alex!!! =)
true lol that's the story of my log
If you want to start applying let us know! We have a ton of them available on our website.
"my little princess" <3
If Jesus was darker, we probably could have had chocolate wafers for communion.
bowie is amazing, well I was listening to rhcp I'm just watching tv now c:
Skin looked sallow, so I mixed Embryolisse lotion, MAC strobe cream, and Armani primer together for a luminous base.
happiest moment of the day - seeing series 3 & 4 of Jersey Shore have been added to on demand.
these hoes ain't got no manners
I can't get enough of #rhoa. Someone get her own show
Just took my friends to prayer and it was awesome. Praying, laying hands, speaking in tongues. Was great
We are closed tomorrow for Easter, so come in today and get some books and goodies for your Easter baskets!
Dalinda is only 3 years old but if you see her she acts like shes 5! I have a handful <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
#KatharineMcphee you are a star! So glad I coached you when u were a schoolgirl in pleats
lol I'm good lil ma' i b meaning to hit u up..
Now following back
As I'm in a good mood 2day, I'll follow everyone who follow me 4 a few hours from now! So let's go, follow me now
"All you have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to you." - J. R. R. Tolkien
How many of you like brownies?
RT : Design for small screen, low bandwidth first.
Bored. Text
Bout to go to Holden Park with the family
;) always keep a smile even when your day is going bad
I hate not being able to text you whenever I want.
Saw a RT by re: London job. Then saw you're an Ohio gal. :)
any guy that wears RVCA is automatically attractive.
If Mejia can pitch the 10th inning, why must Ike Davis remain at Triple-A?
lol thanks sweetie :D
well I had no experience And now I make min after thirty days I get a raise and again after 90
love this idea, gobble, gobble
what do u mean? Lol. But followed
Getting a sponsor is as tough as getting an audience. For some reason the former expects that latter.
only if you play a role in the tv series. Hahah
All Of The Lights (:
GA;) whichh iss above miami which is closer than.texas lol wbu?
One year til 2012! Make every day count before the meeelllttdoooowwwn
There's also a game that creates empathy for mental health issues by forcing you NOT to play
new picture of our award winning Positive Directions Through Dance program!!! check it out # dance
So jealous. 50 and rainy here.
We look forward to your 4-hand piano concert.
Taco Tuesday! Can't wait to catch up with people :)
Im a fucking Colombian drug mule nigga!
Happy Presidents Day!
Thanks, Kimberly! She is a fast growing peanut.
HAPPY DAY-AFTER YOUR BIRTHDAY !(: you're my best friend and i wouldn't trade that for anything. Love you like a sister :D
Imiss my babe :(
i could explain to you what jerry means, but man, it's too long. ;)
Jack Ricchuito: you can move quicker to action when you don't need consenus!
Who cancels Thanksgiving?
Most people I meet--Republicans, Democrats, and especially Libertarians all agree: Lamar Smith needs to go.
Cupcakes available this weekend: Refreshing key lime cream cheese & fresh strawberry buttermilk. I already who has the 1st order. ;)
Finally unpacked my stuff and cleaned up my apartment... now to get cracking on some other errands
What music video should I watch next?
you could've pretended to sip it and not say anything about it. you looked easily influenced by the situation.
I hope it helps them. I know it may seem conservative, but it doesn't preclude a brilliant career in DH, and things may change.
Life is agreeable. Death is peaceful. It's the cross over which is worrisome.
Haha who said I'm gonna marry him? Lmao I would though ;)
I miss you!!!
S(he's) br(ok)en
Excited for tomorrow gonna ask me crush to the dance since my old girl was weird as fuck!
You'll need a purse for a phone of that size
thanks for the RT!
I know!
that shit was funny as hell, this land is your land. I've watched twenty times now
BOTH CREWS ARE SAFE.
even satan can quote scripture
Well let me know, I'll come to the show!
Will the battle be televised?
I knew when you held my hand, that it was now or never. Those were the best days of my life.
I feel your pain Kim, I ate 8 egg whites and mixed veggies for dinner...down 4 pounds since I saw you last week
question: Are you and Kurt ever going to make a new Movie together?, I think everyone would love it, I for the start! Love You!
These are not your Step Sisters Clippers. Possibly, your brothers.
Just munched a 'Bunny' road goodie worth 5 points!
“Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.”
Those things happen when you play the worst team in football.
You can tell me anything.....
Absolutely!! - RT : q2) but we can learn (together :) to do better, eh?
Yes, I agree RT Higher oil prices plus lower battery cost = more electric vehicles-- Seth Fletcher
I adore J.S.’s transformation over the years especially how she’s become a self-empowered woman! Kudos #Gorgeous!
I couldn't leave the house last weekend when Last Crusade came on. And then I was all "I came to see the TAPESTRIES"
Editing small town papers has totally ruined me for one-room schoolhouse stories. They just don't pack any punch after the 400th one.
Your my bestfriend your gonna say that. i g2g tweet you later!!<3 love you cunt
where u at
Hey! It was so nice to meet you! :) Let's stay in touch. Are you attending any parties tonight?
weird haha I always get random follows too and I don't even post that much
you're too funny, thats off limits, you can't talk about Larry's junk ;-)
Semester over and accelerated summer semesters start Monday..working hard to get this MBA and it ends in August
Be the change you want to see in the world.
oh jeez what did u do this time? o.O
Hopin sleep with fix things . If not then sooth the pain . . .
3 New Time-Saving Technologies
tell your master to send me better trolls.
Trying to catch up on following people back. I've been really busy and so I've been slacking when it comes to Twitter :(
Karla Powell with one out single but left stranded in UW second inning. After 2 innings, Michigan 3, Wisconsin 0.
Tryna use a rubber tonight
On a scale from 1-10 a girl with a nasty mouth equals a 1.
I am following u
We have a seat open. Come on over.
oh gosh. That was a pointless match!! Haha humiliating.
In the bed.
This song is not helping the mood right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> #np Bridge Over Troubled Water / Chris Mann.
Come get a Good Luck charm. $13 piercings for Friday the 13th.
many shmokey adventures when I return plzzzz
If only u were in the Dallas area
I'm like the worst runner alive. Not even kidding.
love yu too baby
Why would Bo restrict Uthoff from the ACC?
Everyone, follow these instructions; 1)Get on Facebook (make one if you don't have one) 2)Search the page Elle Jackson 3)Like it #Thanks(:
so if you have a baby that day on a race day will kevin harvick leave and someone will drive his car?
follow back?
OH OH OH REMEMBER i always used songs to tell u how muc i loved love you haha (:
It's amazing. You will enjoy the wildlife.
Thank you!! I'm super excited :)
I feel like we are going to be #Hurdled this inning...
hahaha! Well, the cute ones and not so cute ones can be tools. Lol!
Seeing all of the "Most improved" and such awards being given out in the NBA, I want a "Biggest Fall From Grace Award". Dwight Howard wins.
? I mean.. Devils are playing Rangers. And you got PHX vs. LA... I don't understand the question. :-/
Sometimes speaking is an important thing to do. Nothing like a boot to the head when a stranger calls you out.
recorded my first song for The Transition album called Grindin'...it's the truth...to God be the glory!!!...thankyouJesus
my crontab scheduling is now aligned with the reproductive cycle of the cicada.
congrats! I'm so happy for you!!!! <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
that Sir sounds like a challenge
my hair is getting nappy :) lol
“ Your partner should not complete you. That's your job. Your partner should bring out the best in you..”
You're in control of my heart
why do you keep doing that?
Not a good day 4 my #adhd son,FCAT writing test next Tuesday. I know he is not ready n his having mayor meltdown.
Getting my nailz did
If you're in Chicago, STOP whatever you're doing and get outside for a little bit. Lovely weather!
Happy Birthday Sweetie Enjoy Your Day!!
Wow, I just found a Guiness Book of World Records of 1975 in my bedroom.
C.A.P. is the name! Cali's Adroit Prospect. Up and Coming R&B Producer!
Not being able to control you're laughter while being yelled at by a teacher.
Im not understanding #Kubiak now! RT : They actually believe in Jacoby Jones,,,, man am I missing something in reality
That is really good of you
The Real #1 Rowdy fan here... I'm that guy that's cheering on the Superstretch when you go up front. Yeah....that guy!
#Seattle show me your #longboard ers!!!
Cat fight in the garden. Blood on the lettuce.
Stumbled upon Gregory Porter, his singing is phenomenal!
Click away www.soundcloud.com/djdmannyc
VASS HAPPENING!!! :P
Tim Clarke is boss. Interviews are end of May for CRCS position
I hate grocery shopping when I'm already hungry!
I believe Netflix has some of the better series from Classic Who on streaming, or at least they did
Ha! Too
- We can't wait to have in Madison you for the book signing on Saturday from 10-1!
#FreshStartMonday has arrived....let's do it!
Weird day... NBD</3
American Reunion best Comedy since Brides Maid.
You know my name, not my story.
More dip and more college baseball.
In the quivering forest where the shivering dog rests, our good grandfather built a wooden nest
“: the Raine is back! Cloudy skies? Nah maybe night .... SMH!!!
thanks for the follow Tony!
share the wealth
Oh, trust me, I have a mouth you wouldn't believe. And, I use it, often, especially on stage. I got resources.
Ah! Taking the Browns to the Super Bowl. Very good, sir.
I just need something new
I know, it validated everything I hope to inspire by participating in
lol, u said that like your mornings be turned up
What did you do for spring break???
strange but good!
The shirt looks cool! Was initially distracted by Captain Cane's ferocity. That hurricane looks CUNNING.
you're like 4,little do-it destiny!!
Is it an artisan donut?
will do! I think he's coming into town Saturday
LOL, Artun!!!! Hope You had an Awesome Thanksgiving! Why has it taken me this long to find You on Twitter? Er. :)
Their silence is sufficient praise.
shut up bitch get to work.
BtoBSocialMedia: Brand Image: You Are What Your Followers Say You Are.
The only thing I've eaten today is liquor infused pastry cream
prayer works trust me i know!
Shame on Alabama for passing legislation that will bar undocumented students from enrolling in public colleges and universities.
whose your pick to win the green jacket this weekend?
Watching the lightning show over Fort Worth while driving to the Stock Yards. It's my last night in Texas. :(
When I'm with you I'll make every second count 'cause I miss you
Dat A$$Gucci
TK FOOTBALL PICK'EM CONTEST. Who are you picking this week?
Moments of the game thusfar: 1. orange girl who caught Aviles bomb. 2. Ricky Rubio. ...Twins should put one of em into pitch.
#wewerecooluntil you tired to date me
yay! You spoil me :) I'm lucky you're my friend. Ps-- when does snow white come out? We need to plan that, too
Understand that I don't care if an #atheist calls out a #creationist. Just don't marginalize folks with disabilities when doing so.
Yay! Facebook!...I guess...
thanks gorgeous!
Ive said it so many times and ima say it again. FACEBOOK ruins relationships !
I have just created a new list titled 'Media Tweets' using TweetDeck
Remember, until you make peace with who you are, you will never be happy with what you have
Watching James Beard Noms Live via !
Thank you for following--have a great evening!
always puts on the most feel-good shows. Amazing performers and such a likable band. Hope to see you back in Dinkytown soon!
Timely :) RT : #Brewers fan yelled "Show us why you're here!" at Aramis Ramirez, who promptly delivers a three-run triple.
Tonight's championship game between Kentucky and Kansas starts now!
thanks! It would be a steep learning curve that's for sure.
Irony is finding out is following you while listening to matchbox twenty. WOOT!!
of couseeeeeeeeeeeeee :D
Justin Williams recogning young dems who lead their organization at annual JJ Dinner.
you must like hurting people's self esteem...smh.
so one thing i'll never forget.. stripping down in the locker bank. #yolo ;)
we love u
Tweet limit... Is the worst feature of twitter. Js.
I just finished a 2.08 mi run with a pace of 9'01"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
hm good bad and the ugly. sounds quite familiar
May the 4th be with you. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
With the amount of butter and sugar she uses in every recipe I guess I knew it was coming but still sad :(
finishing up tracks for song #2. trying to see if i can get my cousin from the west coast to do some vocals as well
HTC One X May Be The Best Android Phone Ever [REVIEW]
got my dvr set! luv your family!
RT : Catching a pass is so easy a caveman could do it. Unless that man plays for the Clippers.
isn't fond of cold water being dumped over the shower curtain
Exactly! Was just thinking the *same* thing!
I was expecting pretty maids all in a row
is it weird if we think of you in the shower as well?
Def hungry! I'm thinking about going to get this grub... Im thinking hot wingz
why is a raven like a writing desk?
haha gee thanks! I'm going tonight...motivated myself this morning and definitely will go tonight. I miss running
So I here'd some guy Won the Mega Million ?
well southeast :)
I always go for the spring rolls and Pho. The crab dangling is extra yummy too.
- I think the first record of his that I owned (still own) was Perspex Island. I love Jewels for Sophia as well.
What is a male ladybug called?
So much to do til Monday!!
That is a good idea too. I have tried chats via moodle and have not had luck with good participation. Any suggestions or tips?
is logged into #dearmyrtle webinar. am so sad this is the last night. has been incredible. hey - is there a chance to go weekly?
Watching my dad run a triathlon tomorrow! #fun! Then party time!!!
Good early morning Twitter!! Let's clean some windows, before it rains again.
Looking forward to workout with at 7:30 tomorrow.
Excited to jump in on #pr20chat tonight. A1: Knowing what your clients need from #sm is crucial, which will also help to plan out your time.
picked out the yarn i'm sending for the #reddit yarn exchange. now i just have to actually send it!
We're at weekend ... but the workouts don't stop! :) Heading to the fitness centre -- then headed to San Clemente to see Miguel's family!
I'm gone marry that nigguh.
im going to invite hotties & see if they'll twitter!!!!
we can help you out with your graphic design needs! www.stardesignsa.com
Perfect punishment for Diaz, feed him to BJ Penn!!!!
Today I'm faster than the world, I can't slow down
you know what they say about guys with big feet? ... wanna let me check it for you? <U+E105>
Help Remove/Modify New ‘Clean’ Subsidies Favoring Nuclear Over Solar and Wind, HERE!
but I might not idk
thanks for the shout out!
Ah...i just watched a movie called "hatchi" I can't beleve it actually made me cry! Ha
I think is creeping
Good idea! I will tell the NMRT board about it. What did u want to know btw - curious?
Been to 2 of `em & that was plenty for me. B/t the drunks, douchebags and wearing a coat & tie all day, I got my fill.
Sunday Funday starts and ends with half price bottles of wine. We've got more than you can handle all day and all night!
Forecast for Tuesday: Occasional showers and scattered thunderstorms. Highs in the lower 70s. South winds 10 to 15...
(That moment right before you realize it's Ash Wednesday and you think you discovered a weird new fad)
i will think about it
Other gays looks >>>>>> my looks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
yes, I am glad. & I appreciate you taking the time to tell me. what do you use it for, if you don't mind me asking more questions
Afternoon, young world.
Browne: Dulles will not fully achieve its goal of being world-class facility without Metro.
Good to see ya KBC. Are you in Nawlins this weekend?
Hijacked 's lady for my birthday. There are afternoon cocktails and puppy videos, so he might not be getting her back...
call you this afternoon ...
Thanks much for the follow, Daniel. Have a great weekend.
well I went to Mexican today, and it made me think that we need to go together soon!!!! Least we will have this summer haHa.
You have me LMAO. At least ur talking about a 30yr old.I'm talking about ppl in there late 40s. I'm the baby I shld borrow from u.
Definitely go with the throwback :)
"Everywhere i go bad b*tches want hugs"
Imo's? That is NOT pizza. It's cardboard, ketchup and a plastic-like topping called "provel." Eww.
Y'all don't know what I'm capable of...
"People of accomplishment rarely sat back & let things happen to them. They went out & happened to things."
Thanks for the follow. I must have missed you when I was trolling the bars in Montreal!
What did I miss? RT : Yes flip flops and leather. that was a funny lunch.
I Love Hoe You Said " The Guy" . Neat ^_^ lol
i know lol i just wanted to add my two cents
I just sent you an e-mail to chat about advertising on Would love to connect when you have the chance!
I think the "Ides of March" only applies to Roman emperors and Shakespeare characters.
That nap was good :D
Brenda Teaching Cochrane Library. One class down three to go!
I'm not at home
#ifiwonthelottoiwould give back to the community...especially where there is poverty
Tuesday is a great day for movie! come check out
Free Instrument Repairs &quot;The Horn Doctor is In!&quot;
I just wake up :)
Steve-o on jackass takes a right pounding compared to the rest of the guys!
Blue books: check. Latte from : check. Shutting off Twitter: (almost) check. Let the grading begin.
For some reason, the second I saw your icon, I thought of Christina Hendricks.
Immediate opening for a Chef's assistant! This is an excellent opportunity to break into a culinary career! For details, call 414-272-4544
blog decorator
follow major moves being made
I'm baack monsters!!!, I went to six flags yesterday, omg, it was so so cool!, I had a great time, Missed you all guys!! <3
your my best friend I send you the super long texts and ish baby<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
#Cholera Update: All volunteer medical pros deployed to La Pointe working w/ NW #Haiti Mission Clinic. Situation changing by the hour..
Can't wait to make your weekend amazing!
Today is the day for getting things done! (Including returning from my twitter vacation).
. is coming to Chicago! ;-)
At Denver airport about to get on my first flight of the day heading to Columbus.
days delight in the fixed schedule. I agree.
who uses yahoo? Grow up.
My today's pre-workout super smoothy: raw almond milk, raw cacao, raw maca powder, hemp seed protein, chia seeds and raw agave.
all hell is going down
When you judge another you don't define them, you define yourself. ~Wayne Dyer
Mark from la fitness always calls me.. I think he has crush on me hahahaaaa!
TACO THURSDAY....
I never in life want to be someones "option" .... priority and first class only baby....I deserve the best....
Norton would have been great, but i am glad they found a excellent replacement. We win both ways!
. Thanks for all the kind words!
Oh my... bizarre indeed.
RT : : "Reframe your failures as stepping stones to your next win"
Is there a way to browse your site in a "classic" mode? The Javascript-heavy UI is really clunky & downloads seldom work in Chrome.
Follow me please !I will follow back i PROMISE!(: <3
um idk but why did you see me and zach.. o.o awks
Don't accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful
:) Glad it's made it into the spoken word world. (I say it, too.)
NO! don't hate it! maybe they are just close friends!
Safe sex is great sex better wear that latex before that latex says I think I'm latex, so rap it up...
Wish today was Friday
We need "Programmers without Borders" for kids and adults in emerging economies to learn programming from programmers around the world
Switched up my tunes en route to soccer game and had 1st win of spring season! Thank you !
i know that now i did grow up from that and LOVE MY LADY with all that i am
Austin will you PLEASE follow me back, and make a dream come true? :')
dont be a bully be s star
I'm off twitter till tomorrow cause I'm such a lamo
bugger, been busy and forgot to look. Leave it with me, need to get you Ombre'd!
“Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.” <U+2015> Zig Ziglar
Today is National Grilled Cheese Sandwich Day!! RT if you love grilled cheese sandwiches!
On the way home. Adam is crazy hung over and mo smells of whiskey diet
Happy cinco de mayo! Who's getting crazy wasted tonight? lol
+1 RT : Terrific game. Props to Tebow. I'll always oppose his hateful politics but he had his day on the field.
do you have room for me?
LOVE IT! Congrats!
You can do a lot of things to me, but do NOT play me for a fool. I'm NOT stupid and I DO NOT share.
Heyy can you give me a shoutout on IG
Boy the Avengers, got to be the best or at least. One of the best Superhero movies I have seen fun and great movie. Can't wait for part 2
Stop trying to confuse me with your ethnic C words.
I would slash, chop, steel sword you, I would spell you with my fire and slay you.
I might be interning for BET networks in the casting department.
I think the fact that this session is so full speaks to the need for greater collab. btwn libraries regarding erms.
My favorite place to read is next to a crackling fire when it's snowing outside.
Please remember: No open containers at #lastthursday. We'd hate to see you get dragged off into the night, and it hurts the local bars!
Glad to see you on Twitter. I should put your FB postings into Google Translator.
You're too kind sir :)
I can still feel my head on your shoulder, hopin that song would never be over.
cant effing sleep!
In the middle of 2 new website design overhauls and am AMPEDDDDDD
Except for the specials. And two-parters. And OH MY G-D IT'S AN ANGEL.
my tweet about it wasn't good enough for you to RT? ;)
Walkoff time dude. “: Yeah, that Loe is so terrible...*eyeroll* #Brewers”
Lol the creator of the haunted majora's mask story is doing an AMA on reddit
Expo at the Convention Center on Fri., carb overload dinner w/ my team last night, running the first leg of the Pgh. Marathon this morning!
I don't, not in recent months... :(
Nba Jam Sesh was all right... '04 was better than this years by a mile.. either way we had a blast! Flicks up soon!
No it's not. It's pretty disturbing lol, I just heard some random white lady say veggies on tv. Cool.
Temple Run is so addicting..
I'm having to make lists, that's never a good sign.
You always get double your money, a baseball game and comedy show with Uecker
just so you know, we're getting married. love you ;-)
Completely done with any work for school. Time to burn every notebook i own
Some interesting apps here at SXSW and
way to say hi. Rude!
looks absolutely NOTHING like that grandma. Your gran totally did! And I'm sure you were a little pumpkin once...! :)
Hey, Remember that time the CAPS beat the Bruins? Ya, that was awesome. Keep it up BOYS!
Thanks! As for JM.... he is major DB material
Put your lips on me and breathe.
Okay, So I want everyone reading this to set a goal for the week and take action steps to achievement. this is the key element to success!
Thanks for the mention! How are you using digital portfolios?
I’m running at the gym every other day, I’m walking or b…
okay thanks so much!
he'll suck mine this time.
LOL this is a 1st ;) rt “: it was a magical experience”
Please follow me. Pursuing acting dream 2nd time around. Love your integrity. And your show.
I'm doing well! The ASM role is going well. I never expected to learn so much.
"Well, the grass will die and the flowers fall - But Your Word's alive, will be after all." ::michael w. smith::i see you::
The POPLYFE Story on POPLYFE.com
RT : you're the only Knick trending Worldwide right now! The only basketball player period actually
"Hostage" final album teaser! check our page.. album out soon www.brothersfighting.com
Do this chick have on black angel wings?
You look like you spend your Friday nights at Chili's
Congrats on the new position!!!!
tell him I am going....God this is awkward please tell him to stop talking through you!
the new twitter<><><>
that is awesome, sir. AWESOME!
Work at Mindpsike! we are currently seeking a self motivated individual to head the division as a social media strategist/brand manager.
scraps watered everything in the yard. in scraps' own special way. u can thank me later plants in the yard!
we can celebrate with karaoke in 2 weeks!
The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity.
Thanks for the #FF!
Cyberpunk documentary viewing now. Interesting how much of this is still relevant. Information wants to be free.
Thanks Casey McGehee for joining us for lunch today! Go Brew Crew!
So excited to attend the Oscars this Sunday with the fans on the red carpet!
omg how wierd i was already ganna wear green for no reason but now i have a reason..haha
On with new Walkmen, alt-J, Beach House, and Joey Ramone. Plus, giving away tickets to X!
If you have to ask if something is racist, it's probably racist. If you insist something you've said is not racist, it's probably racist.
Also, any place that has 5 Joan Miro paintings on display at one time is OK by me.
Completely agree. Can we please play it on repeat at our TNT meeting??
Hey! Anyone know anything about the Brewers Point Apartments on Commerce Street? Scuzzy? Decent place to live?
The problem about breaking friendships/relationships is....You wasted ALOT of time on NOTHING, but you get a lesson learned.
Now following
And that makes me smile, so thank you for sharing that with me! (:>)
should of won a #grammy this year as well as ugh fukken
umm how much money did I help u win in black jack?? Lol
RT dealing with a lot of #Situations... You will soon find out. #neversaynever3D --I hope youre smiling. we're behind you xox
Me, too. Wish opending day would get here already!!!
Of course we aren't going to give up Patrick.........
Zac Efron's 'The Lucky One' Lucks Out With Release Date
It's 's birthday today but the official celebration is tomorrow with & !
it's my 16th birthday fancy making my day by saying happy birthday?:D
dnt forget to follow bck :D...and visit www.ykmdviscomm.com
Thx 2 all my friends & fans & guest stars Eric Comstock & Barbara Fasano 4 coming out 2 The Iridium NYC on Tues! SOLD OUT!! Happy New Year!
Ok. I hope it gets better for you. Banged up myself today.
damn, looking into that now. crazy...
Hahaha!! I despise people who fight over the internet.
when r y coming to Fresno
Definitely Tyler! RT : Props to for booking That will be one to see!
Sex is an invention to see into the future.
Did you get it yet? We sent it a few minutes ago.
I love how Don Wildman insists on getting into spots nobody has ever been before because he "has to."
my cutie baby is taking a shower! lemme in! ...just kidding!
Thank-you!
Most relationships will last longer if the female knew how to shut the fuck up. And if the nigga knew how to keep her quiet.
Moving in Sep can't wait
Europeans take May Day seriously. Closed shops,celebrations & demonstrations every where. Fortunately good restaurants open.
Just put the finishing touches on my latest workshop. More details soon!
Just passing Muskieland. Back in the day we would be getting ready to order Earl s pizza. Great times
So glad you could join us!
I'm in a gaming mood then I got a game tonight :)
I am out exploring the great NW for the next great coffee drink
'Worry about what you can control' Cal McAllister
holy moley! "The Guild" made the front page of MSN. What the what?!?
Still on the carne asada run for class today; I shall be late arriving at the HRC, closer to 217.
Seat 2 is a straight killer from compton
Great News! The missing girl from Issaquah (Jamie Gilbert) has been found safe.
The saint is the place to be!! Dj slic ric n dj deton8 in the mix!!
TRULY excited about my new project…look for more updates SOON! :)
what now jamir ...
Visiting the Atlanta Food Bank - they distributed 34 million lbs of food last year!
I love this photo so much. Especially those glasses Heehee
5 on 3. Uh oh. If we do kill it thought, huge momentum.
12/12/2010 Holiday gift book suggestions for authors - 2010's best writing books - Pt
yall work with artists????
Nothinn better than a nice run on the beachh <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Sorry i just got my phone back HAPPY BIRTHDAY hope you had a great day Love You :)
90% Asian kids nearsighted
i LOVE THOSE WHO LOVE MEH..EVEN THE HOES THAT WON'T LEAVE Mi MAN ALONE..HAHAHA i KNOW HE WORTH iT...<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
"If dignity was money, you could maybe buy a soda."
Wait, the baby is here or isn't here? I'm serving as the Greysen correspondent for my household. How's Hayley doing?
shaking up my summer salads. orzo with grilled corn, tomatoes, red onion and herbs. yumm yumm.
thanks for the RT!
Dedication: ENASAINO SALVATORE BELLECI, I miss you everyday dad. I love you.
You can go down any road, as long as you're willing to make the journey.
your weirdness is creeping out my imaginary friend
Say yes to half marathons y'all! That was seriously one of the most fun things I've ever done!
#Istanbul is an incredible city with enormous cultural breadth. Getting away from the crowds in the side streets, this is a city for writers
Now: Falling in reverse
I want that blazer!
Not sure what John Harrison is doing these days. Wouldn't surprise me though!
Only : G
Yes! Sad I missed it but much more happy that he did it. Let's go Rice! RT : Humber! Yes!
Shout out to my new adopted son Kaan in Turkey! Just finished a 2 hour Birkman consult via skype. I now no more about him than his mother!
Weekend--I welcome you with open arms! Happy Friday, friends!
Ha, well it's no Nokia flip but it's nice. No real reason to spend extra $ on iPhone.
only the best lip balm ever.
“: What do you think 'bout RAW tonight...any predictions or do you just wanna be surprised?” Surprised :-)
i wish i could be one of those girls who have their head held high in the hallway because they know theyre pretty...
Osweiler gonna be a good NFL QB
and I are super excited!
Happy Mother's Day! Everyone should be lucky enough to have one...or even two.
Current obsession: "Scream" by Not sure how I missed out on this song for so long.
sorry about ur bday. Im sure took shots 4 u
I think that should go to beaches of normandy at white river paintball this year
I now understand why tech keeps getting smarter: IT guys do NOT like to interact with ppl.
"Most Annoying" and "Worst Human Beings On Earth" is what that gaggle of retards on that show were saying. Mohr is a dope.
Didn't work out for a day, gained 1.2 lbs. Okay.
RT That sad moment when you realize you care more for someone than they care for you.
I think, therefore I am... don't you think?
Kokuryu Diaginjo (Gold Dragon) #sake. Flavor profile: grapefruit & melon. Very good and goes with something sweet. Not my top personal pick.
"just another day in paradise" ~ people unhappy with life
whats wrong lady??
The After Eight Club tonight is and myself. Woo!
Cloudy Saturday -_-
Every single player for the Patriots is choking right now except Tom Brady but he'll be blamed for it.
Except for the past two days lol RT : Follow iAmMissKarma she keeps your timeline active at ALL hours
aww! Hope she feels okay. I did the same thing! Still have the scar under my lip!
Thank you very much for connecting. Can I submit a play to you? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now
There can never be one day that everything goes alright
How about create modern art?
Oh sweet jesus now the Medlibers are complaining about the violent occupy protestors. Please tell me that email was sarcasm.
We are a collaborative industry by nature. We are stronger together than we are apart.
What questions would you ask Fr. Pilarz? Tweet your question with #muprez and it may get answered at the student forum on Monday!
Got a new charger well its an camera charger but not the point!
Not staying in the house today
Volunteering at the #FlowerShow Tonight
thanks for the follow and being my fan on FB
Watching a movie on Lifetime called Triple Dog with Mona from PLL & Cassie from TSC.
Lovvveeee this song...Miss you Logan!
idk, but I wanna deactivate it again lol
Hey why did the hipster burn his mouth on his pizza?
made my first cellphone ringtone. I know, I'm slow.
How things can change overnight!
RT : FLASH CORRECTED: Magnitude 7.1 quake strikes southeast of Atka, Alaska (not southeast of Alaska) - USGS
I'm gonna miss carbone :(:(
amazing dinosaurs from Utah. Spectacular stuff.
im pretty sure there will he a maingate logo on it so that'll cut cost a lot. Corporate sponsorships help.
Thanks for the shout out!
Sheesh every #brewer game a grind
Black females with high ethnic identities are also having high levels of achievement
Word Up
well not all guys have personalities that trump all other, pardon the pun, shortcomings ;)
That reminds me, we need to have a Nebelung playdate sometime!
Wish I could say I was surprised. Sad, frustrated, angry. It's a commercial service run by ppl w/ agendas users may not agree w/
did you find it
Don't forget about GoodDogs today in the Menil parking lot until 2PM...Tomorrow-- Menil Community Arts Festival--Come get your Serra poster
5 Card Studs take the stage tonight at 9:30, this is an amazing show you will not want to miss. Come in early to get a front row spot!
RT : Wal-Mart Joins Hollywood&#39;s Physical Video Push By Offering Digital Conversions
hell yeah I do “: Don't u hate broke niggas”
im stupid i put #asswhole when i meant to put #asshole haha i need to really pay attention in class:/ haha i hope summer school pays off:)
Jack Johnson playing, mint julep mud mask, & setting up my internet ...
will you please follow?
its so calming in there lol
So what are you wearing on OSCAR night?
#ff 's chest hair.
Watching the AEA stream: Yes, content may be king, but CONTEXT rules!
In abilene tx for a graduation. Local media here for Phil Collins to receive an honorary degree.
Hey Roddy, Mattie Ice it is crunch time fellas! Need a win this weekend.
Thank you!
Has been traded to ?!
Thanks for the follow. My book has a pirate but not such a dangerous guy as yours.
am I lieing?
Been off Twitter for basically a week and I'm ready to make a triumphant comeback tomorrow
See you at for a crazy scary Halloween Party! DJ starts at 10, Amazing Drink specials ALL DAY
Dr. Murray is clearly an asshole. He should go to jail for this and not to practice medicine ever! There are loads of Dr. like him in CA
i will be posting pictures of alot of the cosmetics in about 30 mins
Sorry for the unfollow! But if you wanna talk hs/college sports or recruiting info we're game!
Nice Pix of the dogs at the lake. We've got really cold weather this year - doesn't seem to bother them.
Haha! True that.
we are looking forward to being in Chicago!
that actually happened on my walk home from the subway today
Are you ready to let go of the old so the new come in? Replace old thoughts that do not bring you peace with thoughts that do.
It's making more and more sense for them to send us samples :)
Nunez has to play SS every day. This platoon with 3rd SS 2nd and outfield is a failure. But he can run and rake!!
I need genuine positive energy no matter where it may dwell..love you TiGiNii
Was Nightcrawler ever in the Avengers? Cause I'd love to smell of brimstone & sauerkraut.
So are you a bsr i mean did you buy a membership
I forget, has Nadal won all four slams? Not sure about us open?
My twitter account is exploding! The number of followers I have has quadrupled in the last couple weeks!
my 11:11 wish will come true later today! I get to meet you!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Survived my first apocalyptic prediction of my adult life. From the wisdom of my mentors, I can expect many more to come.
Your point?
The original Anime Mosh Pit songs, finally recovered. Fuck yeeeahhhah.
can't wait
I bet Wiz is gonna have the most people at any Memphis in May performance ever.
AFC wins Sunday, finishes 3rd. Then I'll take Newcastle finishing 4th/knocks Spurs out of CL. Then Chelsea loss.
#snc12 after party is off the hook!
New Magazine App Doesn't Measure Up - Southern Pines Pilot
Bourbon and ginger at the airport. Habits die hard.
Check TwitScoop.com
As Black History comes to a close we are paying tribute to one of Americans Great Dancers Katherine Dunham. Born on June 22 1909....
4.56 per gal x 10 gal = I just paid so much for gas
One gap in #edtech science classes: hard to have labs when you're online. Looks like is building a compelling virtual solution.
Hi Beiruta, I help people to get started making money online by providing generic business building tools/ services etc. for free
Do me a favor and follow the Homie Young Rapper out of Houston Texas!
i guess i was sad so i started listening to elliott smith and now my heart hurts
I'm asking a question? Very interested?? Borderline stalker??? Angry stalker???? Matter of life and death?!?!??!!
More winter...enjoy the Sunshine while it lasts #portland!
lmao :P jano stayed too like wtf ._. I also cut today :P
I hope you're looking for yourself on that list...if so, congrats and I hate you, I'm jealous..just kidding CHEERS!
Think of Mon's show "We are Family: Stories about Ties that Bind" as a warm up for Thanksgiving & all of the family holidays to come....
I just got the most bad ass Ohio State lacrosse shirt
My earhole closed D:
Excited to be added to the line-up of the Gram Parsons Guitar Pull in Waycross Ga this October w/Jim Lauderdale and Ralph Stanley.
S/O to for being cool and real. We use to talk but we dont anymore. That should change! #followhim (:
I remember when used to tweet me...
go Detroit tigers
someone just tried to high five me and I shook his hand >.<
on the bus to Boston with Sam, jamming to music
tweet me a picture of you and I'll ship you with one of the boys !
I need to get a new phone...tired of this damn thing not working. Smartphone my ass -___-
im good U?
Help your friends as you can right?
no! Do it more often!(:
Lost many a game to 4yo nephew/6yo niece. Probably because we played by house rules. Guess who was the house.
I hate when I'm in one of those moods that everything annoys me..
Oh, thanks. Now that song is stuck in my head. :P And, I agree with 'genius'. SoMe! SoMe!
This is the latest I've stayed up in so long.
Hey, thanks for the follow! We appreciate it!
RT : Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors. -African proverb
The announcers in that Penn State game on Saturday covered a variety of topics. They basically touched on everything except young boys.
i can listen to don't give up on us for hours, i really hope i get to see the maine again in the fall (:
You waiting for bats?
I really hope Jim Irsay knows what he's doing.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. - Lao-tzu
The key to being a good manager is keeping the people who hate me away from those who are still undecided. ~ Casey Stengel
I only asked to use the car to get my clothes and come back ; it turned into a freakin field trip with 3 other people .
Yeah… I thought I was leaning toward the digital side but if film is the side w/ enriched Uranium - I'm ALL FILM!
da shit that ppl be talking bout these days be so irrlevant..
GREAT! Looking forward to it!
Everytime we finish I could see it in your eyes.
- "We have to decide on our values, and figure out why we're worth talking to - in a world with multiple allegiances"
"I make his look gross" - A Microscope
Best tweets
sorry to hear you're not feeling well, KK. Feel better soon. I'm well just busy with contracts.
Yeah guess its just a rap thing lol. There were some for 50 in London and cardiff but they had gone : ( x
too bad i wont be able to try that until churchill-laws family reunion oh joys
The homoeroticism in Troilus and Cressida is not holding my attention right now
Octavia is a bitch!.
Today, March 1st is World Compliment Day... Smoky Jon's #1 BBQ has the best fans ever!
I think I might be able to #forgive you if I #getatextback !!!
Some of them do!
Don't forget to include your definition of success and how you will measure it in your tool kit.
Do x-rays come out of all black holes?
EXCITING NEWS as this morning we announced that the inaugural Umpqua Bank Challenge raised $100,000 for non-profit partners!
that's the problem. Most Americans aren't intelligent enough to follow the pace of hockey
#FF He is a great peep
"So many of our dreams at first seem impossible, then they seem improbable, and then, when we summon the will, they soon become inevitable."
Everyone needs a good food fight every now and then.
Happy April 1 You looked gorgeous last night!
Just tell me Skip's not on TV. Please. tell me skip's not on tv wearing that ernge shirt with the blue jacket in denver.
Zayn needs to stop tweeting too much. Don't want to be on tweet limit!
damn u got ode followers :O
Iconathon attendees if you worked on the;Parking Meter, Broken Parking Meter, Pothole,Barking Dog Flood, Graffiti Removal icons let us know!
Push him out, push him out WAY OUT! Push him out, push him out WAY OUT!
honestly, not digging that tune. Kind of boring.
: and an tell you that Latissimus dorsi muscles are on the back. Just don't ask him to ID the Kardashians.
RT : Great news, moving forward to full Council!
All I want to do today is lay around in my PJs, draw, and watch The OC.
A delicate balance Iranians dance..eyes look 2 America for support while risking life &limb for freedom to vote.. but r our hands tied here?
Dis mane killin piano.. Can't wait til my lessons begin!
omg, i know! I was freaking out! It should be back on soon. You can try live nation or ticketmaset to get some. I think ...
not fair!
People pissin me off while i tweet!
no worries! I think it's something w/ the iPhone. I've accidentally unfollowed folks & didn't realize it. Thx 4 following!
Marco Arment (), founder of , is talking about Bridging the App Gap
school makes me wanna kms
Groveland: Less than 20 Minutes..Heavy rain/wind
you should've done it!
U are awesome! Thank you for following!
The Weeknd 2012... fingers crossed for a cameo
I had my eye on that one myself. Nice choice!
Hey Kim are you in the Dallas? If so i'm having a fashion show this weekend that your more than welcome to model in. HMU
Tune in to Trackside tonight 7-9pm ET w/ + is on w/ & Tony Cotman of
lots of thing to do in one day bro
was wonderful last week in Milwaukee! Talked to so many radical bride-to-be's!
During the event, Halligan and the other panelists will evaluate a content marketing strategy for one of the event's attendees
I always have the funniest conversations after midnight...
I will never slide, never fall, never fail.
Ready to drop this years celebration log at field! Who will get the first slab?
THE GREATEST!
Jeff Beck will be at the Uptown Theater on April 16
just got off oovoo with my best friend...I should probably go to sleep soon
Are we no longer friends today? We're always here for you!
Listen to my radio interview on the Iain Macfarland show on Saturday morning, October 1st at 9:30 am on station 1670 WTDY
#smcbooks has some great stories about their medical flights. They get it.
already comin strong with the travel minutia updates. See you in SB.
Watching the Fight lol metro pcs is one of the sponcers haha
If Warren is so upset at amt of #taxes wealthy pay, he should just sign over his entire wealth to the govt. RT
my iPhone finally accepts the fact that i'm not spelling "hella" wrong
Tic-Tacs and a coffee creamer
hahaha 56 followers love you so much
the emerson:)
Absolute clinic in dribbling by #El Tri v. #USA in #CopaDeOro. Match over. #Mexico best in the West.
cutie...bet you've rediscovered the meaning of love, eh?
It's so cold in here. I don't have a sweatshirt, but I found a hat at the bottom of my drawer. Now wearing a t-shirt ... and a winter hat.
OH: I'd rather get drunk for free with police officers
"Stupid questions get good answers."
Troy Murphy looks like he got hit in the face with a sledgehammer
Jim Irsay is a big time ego maniac. L
house work always loses!
Swag drip
We getting old too fast!ha
haha dude I have no idea. He just textedme saying what time to go
Theocritus of Chios~ Now begins a torrent of words and a trickling of sense.
In and out of Austin for 20 years and finally experiencing my first ACL! Kayne & Coldplay tonight!
HERE WE GO!
Great I'm just having fun
Happy New Years to everyone. We are looking forward to an awesome 2012 for HW\m/
itching to pick up mario strikers ... damn you real work!
sounds like a great opportunity ! How does one submit music? Thanks.
Karen Zapp (KarenZapp) thanks for the follow.
Libraries as "community anchor institutions" in FCC National Broadband Plan, thanks to
RT “: 7 am, waking up in the morning. Gotta be fresh, gotta go downstairs.”
- thanks for the RT!
Indeed! : is reading Montgomery letter from Used this letter in the CW150 HistoryMobile for
I never text you anymore? You know phones works both ways right?
Great point! RT : Twitter is diff from other job search media b/c of its brevity. You HAVE to get to the point.
Ladies: ever buy a pair of shorts that look adorable the first wear, but require an engineering PHD to iron properly?
Woohoo! RT : Finishing up the final paperwork to join the this summer!
Great first day on the field today! A little cool and windy by the end, but a VERY productive day 1.
schedule hasn't been made for next week yet, so I have no idea.
If i was scared have to death twice id be dead rite? Well if thats true ive died like #3million times!!!
On Wednesday we are hosting an all freshman model United Nations at #lindblom You are invited to stop by if you have time.
Thanks for a great Friday discussion! Enjoy your weekend
Move Over, Kristen Stewart! Alicia Silverstone's Also a Vampire - E! Online
I love my mother as the trees love water and sunshine - she helps me grow, prosper, and reach great heights. ~Terri Guillemets
loves Four Loko, therefore they are our friends.
Oscar Levant~ Happiness isnt something you experience its something you remember.
omg I'm scaired
once state taxes come in i have to spend the money on the praxis tests. this sux. so. hard.
First year in a whole i got a cold and im confused on how to treat it
Testify tomorrow concerning the budget cut to Human Services, esp $7million out of homeless svs.
Who hates Mike Emrick?
she looks SO sleepy, lol.
But my computer apps grade went down a bit . WHY . -.- cause my teacher won't be here for a week and my sub let's us to anything .
Apr 20,1922: Churchill has self-described 'disagreeable bump' after falling from horse while playing polo.
I just played with someone on Black ops with a name of Paynefull something like that lol I got so excited!
Does anyone on twitter speak English?
Making your dog and cat feel better-that is our ultimate goal.
Today is already becoming an awesome day :)
Assessments are starting point for instruction. - Bambroke Santoyo
can't wait for to see those
Already do(:
Worst teacher I've ever had..didn't even have to go to school but HEY IM DONE HIGHSCHOOL
Keep my name out of your dirty mouth.
Why do I feel like it takes FOREVER to get from Udistrict to Downtown #Seattle on #Metro? This was express too!
“: Every city needs !! Have a great day!” we agree
Congratulations, #BennettOlson on thinking outside the box and creating a #Billboard #Resume. You inspire our
besides, you were here at the beginning, makes you a guest of honor :)
With you- 3hr client mtg myself. It's a date in March. I'm at SXSW 9-13 & hitting the CO slopes end of month. What dates?
two things to google- Otters doing cute things and kids playing cover songs on recorders
Stupid Bears???
fish and chip head ass boi
thats. So. COOL!
winchester? its a sunday
R.I.P to all the virginities that will be lost today! :P
Might go back to sleep.
Love it! The shades are a fab.
You have an outfit?
blue sky above my building right now, so no snowmegeden
Waking up at 5:25 and hearing my mom just get home after calling her at 12 and her responding "I'm on my way"
Cool story,now you gonna tell me what really happen. no.
what are you saying?
Oh well aren't you just lovely....
What does niggardly even mean?
I think I actually passed a math test for the first time its a miracle
for what? Lol
While dreaming about lying awake in bed, you still wake up well rested. A joke for you, by you.
Great article in to discuss Osama bin Laden and presidential decision-making
Woke at 4 am, couldn't go back to sleep. At 5 am, I did Yoga Booty Ballet's Burlesque workout. Interesting start to my day, for sure!
All Stars Tour date in Indy...8/14. That's a goddamn Tuesday, and school will probably be in then.
I still cannot get over the fact that they remade Footloose. I was there the first time around. It wasn't pretty.
in the car w.my mom & sister
Women who expect a literate, intelligent, and profound man but bring none of that to the table ««««
Fresh Out The Barber Shop Fresh Ass Taper.Its Problems Bitch.
Pretty sure I saw tour boat speeding across a lake on last night!
Couldn't agree more! RT Never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved. -Barbra Johnson
Anne, weariness of sorrow
Thanks for the follow Penn Yan. I'm SURE you listen to RIGHT?!
just one more day to get your ARTRAGEOUS art and design submission paperwork in! visit www.thecenterlv.com
Now I understand why #RegisPhilbin left #LiveWithKelly. He's the new coach of the
AD playing the point running the break!
Today is Johann S. Bach's 327th birthday. What are you doing to celebrate? ;)
"If your not weird, then your not GRAND." <U+E32D>
I'm embracing my Spotify Junkie! Empire State of Mind by the StateFarm kids while I'm editing #TheRealtors by
Today is all math all the time as we're two down in the lab. Although I just snuck a peek at some bball scores.
And thank you... You deserve that support! un gran abrazo tambien!
Last of the non Cleveland stores! That's a wrap folks.
I should have been a football player. At least then, my name would be trending on Twitter.
haha tell me about it
Alabama vs. LSU might be the 2nd coming of the SEC Championship but to call it a National Title game is a flat out joke!
word. every relationship u grow from & learn from do u have any friend us see every now & then
Dope man! Keep me posted... I'll be hitting u with some more beats too.
Yay! Super pumped for tomorrow night :-)
aww u are so cute baby <333333
Hahahahaha it literally is so scary, I love the fast bed
Can God create a penis so big that he himself cannot suck it?
Wow really good example of an automated response #social media #fail I remember when you gave me cookies now you suck
I think MOG is filling the Lala-shaped hole in my heart (and ear). Radio just played Detektivbyrån, which I'd discovered then lost ages ago.
USA's three runs are the first scored against the Cajuns this season.
I love Chipotle, but I would not go here again JUST because of the nosey woman on the register who does nothing but complain.
the eagles suck!!
broken iPhone,, sucks/
Installed Arch Linux with XFCE. I like it a lot. You get more control over what is installed. Seems faster than Fedora 11.
Bored as hell!!
Tell it to !
agreed but this is more for if I do things for work, not for my personal branding. Don't need my 4square checkins/etc included
nice article on lip care! Thanks!
. Interesting idea re scaling and extending the museum visit: incubate projects & clubs in your space, then send out
Why does the #DNC also stand for Divide N Conquer?
Never give up on your dream. Keep goin. Even if you fall once, still reach for the stars.
Hey ! Happy Friday funday!
Today's thought: "Well done is better than well said." — Benjamin Franklin via &
Girl you know you need quit crying over himm !
SMSC and Hansong (Nanjing) Technology Ltd. Bring KleerNet™ Technology to ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Anyone awake and hungry? I just left the gym..starving.
#Career trajectory leveled off? A Trove #Coach can help? Prepared for the next big #opportunity?
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me31
We'll be following our favorite punter on his "Pats Reality Roadtrip". Follow to see what goes down!
it was a question everyone has a right to there opinion
fake an asthma attack. works like a charm...
in Torrance Court this a.m. City Atty is mature female. Makes a big diff, means she is reasonable and see's the value of defense.
or new york, ny is good too at least with ryan gosling jflksdfsl
just another reason for you guys to get to arizona!(;
Everytime I take a sip of coffee that I let get cold I imagine 's look of disgust
they're coming back. :)
Morning beautiful people!!!
We fear rejection, want attention, crave affection and dream of perfection
Appreciate the #FF!
Facebook is about complaining and Twitter seems to be about being philosophical... Every MF has a saying or belief they need to share on Twi
Have you already taken the #GRE? #MCAT? What was the testing center like? Tweet and let us know how it went!
I don't like being sick :( I guess ill go to the #ER if nothing changes
A crash course in #twitter!!! DAMNIT!!! LOL
like 500-600 wats all included and im in chicago is dat a problem
They say breaking the femur is 1 of the most painful things. My dad broke his femur 2day and nevr rated his pain above a 4.
it is too mf cold in this classroom
With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice. Oprah Winfrey
and thank God for the black market. hope they turn to bagpipes next
Thank u all people for following me!!!
huh? I'm confused *scratches head*
Really not in the mood to meet with my trainer today... I just want to be a fat kid. French fries anyone?
I'm really starting to hate not knowing where I'm going to be living in 5 months
I would not wait in that line for an iPad4
but Romney is a parody of a politician too. (As "gimmie some money" is playing on SIRIUS!) LMAO
we are getting so excited about Camp Rock Auditions! Wouldn't it be cool if "Demi" Lovato.really did show up to auditions?
Love the drinking game is always fun <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
It seems that everyone has decided on their college in the last two days O_o....or at least decided to post it on facebook
cat-like srod
Because people in Maine want them to look like lobsters!
<U+E40E>......I've had a very interesting life
I just cant deal with certain people and you are one of them!
hope it had nothing to do with us being out of funyans.
nothing much in bed thinking
Hell Yea Just cuz He Left The Group doesnt Mean He's not Cutee Duhh
Learning and application of what you learn, you could resolve any problem and gain any objective that you could set for yourself.
If I was good at writing I could write a whole book about publish it and win Austin's Heart<U+E022>
how about you come over and massage my elbow for me and maybe something a bit bigger? ;)
Foliating manuscripts is the scariest thing ever.
I had to leave...it kept on freezing and...you guys couldn't read my comments...so yea lol. but I hope to still see you <3
Winning is so much harder...
Proud of has amazing voice. She's incredible singer to everyone. She's showing best love and giving smile to everyone. <U+2665>
Ok will take a look. Thanks! RT : It was Underwood's ancestor that was in mental institution, not Bettis.
Dealing with these black ass people. Smh. I need more white friends.
txt me
never say never justin bieber... lmao how many days have i been messing with u lmao
I'm just going to apologize in advance for my excessive tweeting that may or may not include insults, profanity, and incoherent sentences.
My son now prefers the birthday cake rather than the cupcakes I bring. Any suggestions as to how to deal without the left out feelings?
Happy Monday, and welcome back to all you Spring Break-ers! Call us if you need to stock up on supplies to finish out your school year!
I messes up my phone :(
Set yourself free to simply be yourself, and you will soar higher than you've ever dreamed~ Edmun O'Niell
I'm not disagreeing with that premise for sure. Most sigs not "cursive" and I feel most adults write in modified block?
starting off the day with orchard mimosas and coffee at the chesapeake room with caro +
Did I strike a nerve? Let's see you ruin my career tough guy. You ain't shit, can't even do real business.
bring me as your guest n I'll lift everyday bro
no ok that's ok it'll be fab
I hope their decent quality lmao
omg dude. Cute flirting with my girlfriend k? Ok.
So glad I was able to participate through most of #TNI today. Love meeting fellow travelers. Happy holidays all!
thanks for follow me(:
I woulda scored the fight 117-111. I gave Cotto three rounds.
Rounding out weekly menu: Choc Explosion/PB Bender/PBC/Vanilla Bean/Red Velvet/Nilla Bday Cake/Chaulkit Bday Cake/Ebony & Ivory
I am new here. I am a single female that is 40 years old. I am seeking a man because I am unemployed and I get no money for food and clot
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 117
don't put all of your care into a single thing, because nothing lasts forever.
#Facebook has more than 750 million active users, with the average user posting 90 pieces of content a month?! How much do you post?
~*bad bitch~*
What if John Lennon is our favorite Beatle? That cool?
Sting the wrestler, love him. Is the WWE in town?
HELLO!can i join the family...:))))IM A DIRECTIONER TOO :)))
#PaulyDProject tonight! Yeah buddy!!
The #rememberingwhitney special on was a great positive overview of Whitney's life. She was an amazing person who had some challenges.
#oomf is ruining the Lion King
Gosh i freaking hate when she does this
I been good and you?
Research says fertilizers help to produce superior plant growth, improve its health & vigor & increase buds, blooms & plant yield
like us
Just filled out my "intent to graduate" form for #libraryschool! Now, back to reading an awesome #metadata article.
So, what is all this "THOUGHTS ON" spam we're seeing? We didn't send it out, just to let you guys know. Love ya. Zach.
Beach weekend @ Rehoboth! Surf, sand, sun...summer! Sweet!
Thought of you when on the verge of naming a character Ned, but decided on Chris instead. I love that you are a librarian.
Not my fault I have a face like a vagina :L hahah! I don't want mentions I want you to back of you low lifed crettin!
Nice pic, when is the release party? Wait, you're not the next Bachelor are you? Lol...u know I love ya...very handsome ;-)
talking briefly about planning for web archiving infrastructure swap out
what i said
Is "Save The World" the song they're requesting?
I OverWorked Myself Today :/ I Feel Dizzy. . .
First game of my Detroit Tigers will be televised Thursday. Verlander. Red Sox. I'll be there. Go Tigers!!
Missing your tweets, hope all is well
I just had another crappy iced soy latte at Why is their quality so inconsistent an employees don't seem to notice or care?
Jamie Dimon is just another Loyd Blankfein
Received so many heartfelt messages from my now former players at SU. Proud of the time I spent there. Go Redhawks! One door closes...
- Hm, Go looks interesting. Sounds like Python + C, minus all the hassle of gluing them together?
sure, Thx for posting the article!
Jealousy is just LOVE and HATE at the same time ~Drake
Looking forward to Celebrate Asia ! Ramayana Ambassadors committee is participating. Celebrate Seattle’s Asian community!
Think I will. Good luck! (And hope there's some good stuff on the playlist).
I kinda hate the heat now
Bummer. :( Have you tried for your Android? Great podcast aggregator and we're on there as well.
Are your rainmaking strengths mismatched with your current firm's compensation system? Then it is time to call me to discuss one who does.
Guys im sorry i cant type up part 12 and 13 right now...i cant get wifi to work...if it starts working i will get them typed up tonight
Yeah, LeBron was the MVP, and I don't think it's even close.
Good to know! Thank you! :)
Bike ride to beaver anybody?
National Peanut Butter Day... what will they think of next?
Toria told me to make an Instagram, how the fuck do you work that? Lol
haha cool beans
DM me your email and I'll send you the link for Google. :)
lol hell yea
That wasn't bad. We need to get that back.
Marshall is so sneaky
you just wait & see & don't call me "friend".
thank u too. Peace.
This basement smells like Tauntaun.
I just ate my heart basically having the brakes slammed on at a red light.
Anybody make dope beats? Email them to !
thanks, you too!
It'll have been his first live action film in five years!
veterans always waiting. waiting for support. waiting for care. waiting....always last in line. always.
Going to tj tomorrow:)
I just hit you back bitch I know you're not busy
You were a rock star last night! RT : *yawn* why yes the holiday party last night did do me in
just worked out for the 4th time today.
Tip:) Increase your mailing list by putting our "Join My Mailing List" button on your website or Facebook page.
Just because you've had some setbacks in your life don't let your dreams die...because baby your a star <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F>
Looking forward to Chicago trip with my family--Blue Man Group, Museum of Sci & Industry, zoo, planeterium, Navy Pier, etc. & great food!
WOW!!! we fell off of the twitter train for awhile!!
hey mrs jackie you still coming to oahu??..im sorry i didnt post the photos yet! you beat me to it
Congrats Brewers and Brewers fan!!!
Start your week with positive thoughts... Have a nice day!
Ahh! Still Can't! It says the video has been removed. : / Can you send it to us using yousendit. com ?
Decided on the landscape vendor today - VERY exciting!!!!
I Pray For and his haters..
Hooray! :D Glad to hear it.
and we still have more material to read from today. Can't wait for SF Zine Fest. Anyone else going?
Yeah..He think he a ladies man now! Haha
I can't go... I gotta eat lol
You bet
“: So it's been decided. Anywhere I live from now on has to be near a Wholefoods, a Starbucks and some decent sushi.” totally!
That sucks! :(. Can't you stay with her when you go see her in April?
I had a date. - Captain Obvious
Interesting...I'm at the airport with members of the Duke lacrosse team.
slim fit? Are you trying to alienate 2/3 of the voters?
lol i see tht man , don't go too church like tht . .
Anyone have a convincing argument as to why we won't be playing hockey in Portland on Wednesday night?
Kathy here, does it make u feel good when ppl tell u that u inspired them?? I hope so cause u have inspired me 2 write songs!! LUV YA
Your girlfriend wanna nigga like me cause i ain't tryna control her
Thursday - 2/17/2011- Hump Day Thursdays @ One Up W DJ HUMP
oh really. good luck.I kno how hard apartment searching can be.if u need any help let me kno.mayb we can get 2gether and catch up
Ride safe this weekend fellow riders!
i've been incognito...but im back!
I love criminal minds! Dr Reid is so smart, *drool*
Last weekend there was a beer garden across the street from my building. This weekend? Food truck rally.
Go to Target for a few things, find a few more things, leave with many things.
The walmart in Spring,Tx is #clutch. No kids fucking shit up, no rat bitches, and NO LONG ASS LINES.
Thanks! RT Congrats 2012 #SIIA CODiE Awards finalist Best Professional Learning Solution Education
Metro Police arrested Bryan Clay in the April 16th double homicide of a mother and her daughter.
When I'm mayor I'll install so many reflective beans in Millennium Park that there'll be enough reflective bean chili for every homeless guy
im died!
Awesome! And agreed. There is never enough time...
you cyan handle all tha
Act on it! - "When you are facing the unknown, they only way to know anything for sure is to act."
indeed I to suffer from paranoia
A stock market decline is as routine as a January blizzard in Colorado. If you're prepared, it can't hurt you. A decline is a great...
super jealous ... NYC is wet & cold :(
cool. Let me know what happens...I know you will.
Thanks for the RT and the quote... amazing quote, I wish everyone could read that.
chillen wit my friends has been boring lately, we need to do sumtin new
I just ruined the surprise of seeing the !D dvd. I just had to see that behind the scenes footage. Damn. Now i feel dirty.
worked out, rewrote my paper and don't have any more motivation left…so now lets watch Tabitha Takes Over
Getting better when i go to soccer game!
Help us hit 1k and mobilize Baltimore! Our 1000th follower gets a $50 gift certificate to Lebanese Taverna courtesy
#youmightberedneck if you put duct tape on a target so it will stick to the wood(: that's what I do(:
he's pretty good! :)
RT I will keep praying that you ALL learn to use your FREE WILL the right way.. You have became the VICTIM of your OWN CHOIce!
Good Morning Beauties... productivity is the name of todays game...
Fitting end to 12 hour travel day. Rental car desks close at midnight. We landed at 1am. (sigh)
Doesn't anybody remember laughter?
Arena Football is coming back next year. We are going to by season tickets to see the Georgia Force.
#iPhone 4s commercial with <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Mavs-Lakers Game 2 watch party tonight on AT&T Plaza outside American Airlines Center. Party starts at 8:30 p.m. Tip-off at 9:30 p.m.
Tweet Fam listen to the tracks and give us feedback
thanks for the RT!
i bought ben and jerry's today... it reminded me that I owe you a belt and some ben and jerry's.
That is great news. thanks for sharing. I hope I never hurt myself, but I know what to do now incase
I gotta call oomf later
i need to get noticed by simonandmartina omfg god please bless me with just this :"C
In the lab putting in work.
I am with the GBC and off on a bus tour of Baltimore with Jay Brodie.
you're welcome, my friend. I wish you many more happy years :)
A5: Cos and customers share brands, sometimes each expects more from the than they can deliver
#HonestyNight before i started smokin daily i use to hate the feeling of being high
#happymomsday !!! I love my mom because she gave me birth :) and for all the things and sacrifices she's done for me. <3
its 350 + the cough drop foam. You trying to pay that price fam? We'll get to work asap
RT A six-year old just told me, "Did you know that when you are sad your skull is still smiling?"
I am livid right now!!! My radio show guest scheduled for today, LARRY STEINMAN flaked out on me and I had to put on a re-run show. Boo!!!
Now, if only all the categories could be about YA publishing, Broadway, grammar, and the Oscars...
You'll understand why God made those Flyover States-Jason Aldean <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><U+2708>
Dam first me and Jaime had a twitter gang now I got two sisters on me :o lmao
DR PEPPER YEA
Hubbub yeah! Don't tell her though. She is a superstar in her own mind!! :-)
Looking for 2 MQ System Administrators for IMMEDIATE HIRE! 10 month project in Irving TX. Must have Mainframe MQ System Administration ex…
Tonight was amazing!!! Leo you were amazing! Please come back sooonnnnn :D
Sick video
Sandoval with a ground rule double to make the score NL-5, AL-1 in the bottom of the 7th.
I could really use a fireplace and a hug right about now
Had the perfect day. Started at then to the pool, down to the strip for the #lvme and to #Margaritaville. Life is perfect!
um I'll be one if u follow me
best thing about bomb threats here at #pitt over last few weeks: I'm thankful for little things, like getting thru class w/o evacuation.
can we toast to the fact that both our defenses are depressing?
tough choice, both SO good! can't wait to hear what you think of them!
you all don't day drink at spalding? Lol
Have a humpy hump day. Love you guys!
aww so cute! He was my partner last year!
New #patCAST tomorrow with & !
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. ~ Buddha
I'm feelin that new Mary Mary
Excited about the possibilities!
doing a bunch of nothing! lol
Grilled cheese day and I have no cheese to grill.
i moved to memphis bro
Are you ready for 2012?
AND i will be working another job, so dont back talk me!
he's Earth's ambassador to the Avengers duhh
definitely. it takes training to push through that level of uncomfort.
don't you dare say that!!!
Cropsey might be the scariest movie I've ever seen
Hey everyone let's stay focus on our goals. If you want 2012 to be a impact in life you gotta make the moves to make it happen.
maybe we can run together one day.. I wouldnt run that fast
Fair 'nuff, I'm sold on that. RT Joseph Gordon Levitt IS Dr. Strange. Accept no substitutes. John Hawkes for Baron Mordo.
whats that all about?
“: Wanna cuddle and be cute all over the place? c:”sure why not?.(:
Thank you. How did you come by the name MusicMuse? It is wonderful.
Thanks for all your great years as a #Packer. #PackerNation is grateful, good luck in the future.
did you see 1D yet?
#kellieluvdown announcement at 1 ab my single and video "Down" start getting excited and tell your friends to follow me please!!! Luv y'all
I'm proud of my NC Family & friends who fought so hard to defeat Amendment 1 & bring #equality. Ashamed of NC's bigotry.
what's goin on? Hit u when I was in PHL
Thank you for sponsoring the #SCCMayor Forum
I just wanna be with you. Alone.
Twitter talk at #lisa10: You can't chatter +i with broken fingers.
when will we get another austream? I NEED TO SEE YOUR BEAUTIFUL FACE<3
I told them all to shut the fuck up and looked really pissed and they actually stopped talking. :P I felt badass.
u make that?
yep, but the sheep will buy it anyways :)
Getting ready to watch Aishwarya on Oprah's Next Chapter, even set my alarm so I wouldn't forget.
I love storms, until it knocks out Direct Tv..
Thanks RT : gorgeous smile
Thanks! I enrolled over the summer.
thanks for the RTs!
Some rockin' tweeps! and check them out!
Thanks to , will be available next week on Roosevelt Island!
I'm getting the kids getting driven link. Not the CPH trash bin link
ha your right:)
no it was not like that... I called u Saturday evening... but my u knw what was here
": Larry u kno u would hit that on a wild night and wake up like urkel "Did I Do That""lol!
He's kind of breaking my heart right now. Might as well get used to it.
#40k tournament starting final round!
thanks for the shout! , we try not to suck, but have rec'd Salem shows...but also the Hipster Puppies release party!
Msg me if you are as bored as I am (:
You are a fool! Hard to believe someone pays you for your opinions.
feature a with me and the girls from #dragrace now that's hot
Come check out tonight ! Come hang out.
Chris Othic says about "PFaD" "Come see it!... It's an introspective look at the universe and, ultimately, ourselves. With handjob jokes!"
it was great!!
not quite... you still need an obscure Community reference for the win
Baby Drew voice #Pussy pussy pussy bet you know what I'm talking about!
If someone passes out in front of you in a Picadilly, would u just walk around and continue to get food sit down and eat?
Any suggested beers to remedy a nasty ear infection?
Girls & I are watching season two of Buffy. Spike!
went running tonight. finally! it's official: I hate my body. nothing was working right.
…and Shankar had drunkenly asserted that all one needed to bear the world was to transcend reason. (from English, August)
I might be able to help you
We shall see this offseason.
The school's site says that the colors are blue and silver.
oh i no who he is but i never checked him out cuzz internet was too slow lol i shud tho :)
Special Olympics((:
Hell-o from Cash Mob Tucson.
great news and ready for a run to augusta
I've often had this fantasy. Even so much as having a video game called "Grocery Store Traffic Cop"
are you going back on BB?
my #GMD3Dreams include all of us being part of Harry Potter ;)
im your only follower wow
Oh yeah that too. Yeah my co-workers are leaning more towards that side instead of the focusing on work side, lol.
#ESPN Michael Jordan spot,
Emotional wreck right now!
thank you cousin of mine'
I don't know what this means.
it was extremely well done, you'll definitely enjoy it!
We used to be such good friends...then I find out you were a Kings fan, haha! You're whoopin our butts right now though.
: " correction, best tweet in the world" my bad : ) ...
I like to do bad things
Taking crowd sources transcription a step further by asking ppl to make connections @ u.s. holocaust museum
how is this result working out for you? :)
Just watched Stevie Wonder walk by at NAMM.
So happy today is over!
Check my cuzzzin out on youtube ttylgirlzrock6 and watch her she is crazy lol!!
However I do love that it is tshirt and shorts weather here and in Cleveland it was jeans and winter coat weather
One of the great tragedies of life is that men seldom bridge the gulf between practice and profession, between doing and saying (MLK)
Happy New Year everybody! 2011 is gonna be a good one!
: Can't wait!
My favorite was 5/18: Intrepid Maine Girl. FWIW.
My old training partner summed it up on my #fb wall 2day: nurses are the reason your dumbass is alive ;)
Just bought a sweet t-shirt from ! Support a great music blog and check them out.
Wondering what the Spring Training Song of the Day is? I'll give you a hint, it rhymes with pashing smumpkins and a year might be in there
thank you for an amazing shoot!
Hmm... Interesting start for the
sure! I'll friend u on Facebook! If I could find u!
I do, but I'm nowhere near. :(
sweet bud.
welcome to the fabulous world of Twitter. I wonder what is possible now that you're here!?
RT if you love hot weather. :) <3
So glad its friday.
I'm supposed to start working out but I have no motivation. I never needed to work out.
Life is what you make of it. Press on with determination and direction and you will go far. Set your goals and fly.
#10fmymanyflaws i'm to nice and people like to take advantage of that.
that's too funny.
For reals. I'm (gratuitously) drunk on a Thursday night. Might try again Friday night.
Thanks Cameron for the support. cc:
This summer feels so weird, not being at camp...
Send me a message on FB or email:
seems a lot of people i know watch ch 2 news, i had no idea. don't they get all news from the net? hope all well by you, too.
Updating story about 5th graders riding on party bus with dance poles after field trip. Live in newsroom with new info at 4:50
I haven't been in that one in awhile. But I know the Lex Market one had plenty of sambas in it last week.
“: Wysaske said that they want to loan but that bank regulators aren't always as eager.” Regulators r strangling recovery
The Week Ahead: Limited Calendar of Events Focuses on Housing Data
Haha, what a stud! Keep making us proud and reppin' da j-school
That which is common can be re-packaged as private commodity and re-networked.~Parikka
Context? Nationally? Personally? Bruce? "Thunder Road." ( I owe you a call, but, um, been kinda busy. :-( This weekend?)
To find your greatest opponent, look in the mirror.
If you don't know me you can't harm me in any way. And to to the person or persons who tweeting crap piss off.
Yes, we are open today! Fresh and hot goodness to make you forget the snow! As of right now, delivery available also!
Right now, though, this seems as good a time as any to go to bed. Good night, all!
Americans will vote for ANYONE over Obama? Let's bring Hitler back to run against Obama. American ignorance is amazing!
That was the point, doofus. xo
4th: Cameras in ctroom: several trials in Rock Island; none in fed ct; attys must advise clients they may object
I wish I knew what I wanted.
I do not use Twitter often. I do use Facebook daily and I am also on Myspace. But these days it's mostly Facebook and You Tube.
RT : Excellent show with author Eyal Press' book "Beautiful Souls." Real people who do the right thing
Disney's ESPN in Talks With Apple to Expand Digital Access (Update 1) (Bloomberg)
I lie to myself a lot ..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CJ WATSON!
I'm not worried its all motivation to me. Life goes on
Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life.
#shoutoutto old boy!!!! there's a good chap!!!
So happy to finally be on Twitter! Now I just have to figure out how this thing works.
Are you currently using an executive office as your place of business?
Have you hated your #contractor? Well no more! We have 5 star ratings on Yelp and google, check them out and love us on your job.
waves at kellie.... hi kellie im pretty sure you are my bestie..lol
Today is a day to figure out who & What you need to cut out of your life to grow
you handled the tricycle quite well. That was awesome
Old news by now....RIP Ronnie James Dio
fun fact: most people get laid once per year
RT : Isn't it weird how the person you will marry is walking the Earth right now?
If I was in the 18 degree Utah weather I would need the extra hair for warmth! Hopefully he'll cut it soon!
Biut to turn off pandora but its all time low damned if i do ya dmned if i dont my weakness
Pretty Please! Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
Not Black Not White.... It's Blues on Beale; the melting pot of Memphis
Henrik with 2 great saves at point blank range.
It is inexcusable for scientists to torture animals; let them make their experiments on journalists and politicians. Henrik Ibsen
I know all the dads cant wait til fathers day I already heard my neighbor rubbin it in, they wanna be spoiled too
wth u mean by that???
Ready to go home and relax
Thank god its Friday :-)
Worst house duty? Recaulking the bathroom! How the heck do you get the old off cleanly?
I'm getting high just to fight the low... cause its all I know...
waiting for #chrishansen to walk out to the mound to confront derek #holland. (#ifyoucatchmydrift)
6 emails 4 phones. I'm ready to get voting for #TeamRochee let's keep um out of the bottom 2 they don't deserve to be there at all! #
Grizzles still did they thing this year
finds through research: WI owns fall vs battleground Midwest states. Love autumn colors!
Just taking care of the final details before tonight's Grand Opening. are you gonna be there?
Goin 2 get my driving permit!
ask my brother I even made a titanic model. It was quite sad. Yet also awesome
It's a new week at - are you ready to tell your story, East St. Louis? ;)
Cuz all them bitches is
that's just a given!
The option of a private session is perfect for listening to music you're vaguely embarrassed by.
They actually go outside at your library? I wish.
ya but lots of underfed skinny black comedians who swear every 5th word
love you, too, beautiful.(:
When my eye twitches, I feel like a crazy lady.
#outofcontextlulz RT : "If I didn't love you, I'd strangle you in a minute." -
you got it
I watched that first video on your page. Shit I don't think it's you tho, the guy on the video kind looked like your avatar
Holy crap it's state wrestling weekend. Pretty mad at myself, the past 11 years I lived for this weekend and this year I completely forgot.
Just when I thought Groupon emails couldn't get more annoying, they're now offering a discounted \
3D Animation certainly became the new fad this year with box office hits such as The Lion King 3D,
Sick of gettin my hopes up for some one to once again to put our plans to the side. tired of stupid promises. I wish u wld not ask me shit
Skintastic Medical combines aesthetic know how, experience and a more natural outcome for making Dallas ppl beautiful & "real." 972-620-3223
Finally started reading Ulysses yesterday after close to a decade of cowardice.
“: crying watching say yes to the dress.” me too!!
I moved to Cleveland for a career that I love. That being said CLE gets a really bad rap, and is way underrated.
Broncos LB Von Miller wins AP NFL Defensive Rookie of Year award.
Really?? I know I've been in Sonics drive thru a good 10 mins for 3 chicken strips
Lawyers-you are the expert in your area of law-Trust the Marketing to us-we are your marketing experts!
That's great! Have fun.
can you give me a ride home?
but for this tweet, i never would have made the connection! MT : how about an episode with the Myers brothers?
HELL YEA HELL YEA, FUCKING RIGHT.....
Bittersweet memories s
I'M NOT A PIECE OF MEAT
i just didnt come today what you mean
Thor is such a bitch in his own movie.
Hi DJ.
Do you look for a doctor who will actually spend time with you? Dr. Bucko believes in spending quality time evaluating his patients.
WHEN WE CHILLN
You always think maybe the umpires strike zone is ok until the have the strike zone in the corner showing everyone how bad the umpire is
My work is brilliant .
I am going to throw up now.
hi there stranger :)
How are you feeling these days?
Blocking me on Facebook literally does nothing...
yay for Litquake! Headed to City Lights for "Reading Global Culture Through Literary Translation" -- sounds intriguing, and useful.
I think I just may be in love with
thank God for friends & blessings (:
Thank you guys for tuning into we will be back on Monday the whole crew is off to Jamaica...Yup that's how we party!
Oh, hilarious!
U of Iowa. I took a group of students to hear him speak!
Still here serving.
Please stay tuned for future updates, announcements, and events. For bookings contact our manager: .
RT : Hell hath no fury like a woman whose husband is an idiot.
I love your background. Only because the Poreotix are in it. :)
Senate Candidate endorses 999! Good Man!
Trying to fall asleep deciding if I should listen to some Arcade Fire or STG.
Going to metamora, Indiana tomorrow
Thanks! I am doing what I can to keep the #TEAbaggers out of the State & Congress! Dont let friends vote GOP
Thank you, ! We are big fans of the 1st Yr MFA exhibition too. Stay tuned for the 2nd yr MFA show!
yahh it's so beast, it's bangable ;)
i get those a lot C:
Will we get a discount on hotel rooms or suites at Mandalay Bay through registration?
It's BBQ time
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama He's not a Republican or a former Republican president!
bahahaha poor you. :(
"Do or do not, there is no try" -Yoda
wow she is also my fav....
Thanks! I found that personification amusing. As if..! Not on libprof AFAIK.
I don't trust him as far as I can throw.....with my private parts
that's a gud meal there .do u like to cook
I got 7 my dad do all my tattoos
lol start TODAY,I have..well hopefuly, im going out for dinner tonight. in my car i keep trying to shift geers with right hnd
Ernie Johnson compares Russell Westbrook to Sally Jesse Raphael with the glasses. EJ is very underrated in his brilliance.
What was peaceful about today?
And here we go!
bra are yall getting those flight ones
I just don't think that you have to be friends first to be something else
amen to that.
Wisdom is to the soul what health is to the body.
it's okay.. has no game anyways
home of the blues
goes good. How are you & Mr. Sprecher?
Thanks for The Follow @ FreeSliceVegas
she wasn't the only one in a wheel chair though she was the only one complaining
only a person without boob holders would say that
Glad to hear the tough stuff went okay. Du schaffst es.
RT : Q2. Who controls a product's brand? #WGBiz [trick question LOL]
I am my own person!!!
Great #Budweiser spot featuring patriotism (also via #Chrysler).
see Intel community problems on having Forked code and having trouble pushing their updates or merging new versions
Whoa that Half Italian place is amazeballs.
Trivia Night is TONIGHT! We can't wait to meet everyone and to have them meet the talented students!
I pray I'm nt rude to them kids today since it is almost 2am
"It’s no secret that the Internet loves Pinterest. Now, most users are even spending more time, on average, pinning than they are on...
I cannot wait to be back in the library, studying, and listening to my homework playlist. I'm ready for this semester off to be over.
me either, I am so stress free because of you! Thanks in advance and see you Friday!
Crashing Pancakes
Don't worry, this is visit #2 to the star wars shop today
I CAN'T WAIT TO FUCKING MOVE AWAY.
When calls me and goes "I'm your biggest fan" >>
Dying is easy. Living is hard.
A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan I
Pepsi 300,000 employees w 150 friends on #FB - a great network for co. to leverage, not to "shut-down" Forbes post soon.
So, L i goin' 2 sleep here 2day and 2morrow I'm not goin' to the "The Voice 09'" Consert...I'm sleepin over at L instead :)
Stranded on 69 south. What a fantastic Friday night.
If A&
82° sure feels like Spring in northwest Ohio.
Teen witnesses brutal murder in an iPad video shows group of Italian nuclear talks stop Gupta seeks to decide.
Caleb, student in a Mesquite alternative school, says he is placed in school for a crime he didn't commit. No due process, he says.
“Beautiful girl, on top of the world. Don’t fall down, because an angel should never touch the ground.”
Jay-Z-lucifer........yeah, i need that song right now.....
Yes we are always looking to expand. We are looking to get into retail shops around the country.
#wikileaks I am pretty sure ya'll have an agenda. It doesn't "vibe" altruistic. I don't trust anyone, ya'll get equal treatment.
Take a look around
My son wakes up gettin into shit
“ “ Wanting To Text You But, > Waiting For You To Reply Back To The Last Text I Sent.””
#np Johnny Cash - Hurt. Yep probably the best cover ever done.
enjoy the well earned wine and happy writing!
We get it, your ass is big. But how'd you get famous? Sucking ray j <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Well, Zenimax did fight for the Fallout MMO rights, but I'm not sure they can do full production on two MMOs at once.
Happy spring quarter to all of our therapist's in our training program!!!
It is estimated that coffee arose in an Ethiopian district called Kaffa.
its #sportshangover day for me, yesterday chocked fullo incredible news, picqued life for awhile - today the usual rhythm it seems
I can't wait for the semester to end. Have so many things to do.
hating yourself is not the answer.
Time to fire up Saint's Row 3 again before I start plotting out the paths of trains because this Mass Effect crap is too depressing.
Oh yeah. Thanks.
Walker's a crook. he brought dirty politics to MKE County.
Tipoff is in 10 minutes. Wish I was at the house but I am a good big sis.
Laughing out loud to something you see online >>
Finally!!! I have been saying he needs one for the longest! You should make her just like him and make Shaun jealous!
Why every body at me tonight
I see HOPE......a day that is lived in LOVE
You can save 5% to 15% on your #heating bill by turning your thermostat back 10 to 15 degrees for eight hours
you know what!!!!!! hahaa I'm so stupid its to even funny
RT : Really looking forward to being at #pdf12!!
Please become my friend on Facebook too and become a fan of Knockout Incorporated. www.knockoutincorporated.com www.miari.com
Slept through 1st 2 classes. Listening to a speaker who thinks..no, knows shes a witch. Oh and I hear my car just got a boot. Awesome day.
Jansen was lights out... Should have let him at least start the ninth
Watching #Dollhouse for the first time. My God is beautiful. Good show for far.
lucky! Wish I could go, #pricemobsters love the theatre!
Get your calendar order in today!
If the Red Bulls #RBNY win their mid-week game what day next weekend will they they host a playoff game? Any ideas?
Somebody want to tell the Thunder that the game started 40 minutes ago?
Got Taste For Some Shrimp
Can the PAC-12 spot UCLA 21pts for their upcoming PAC-12 Championship game vs. Oregon? Yikes!!
can't wait for dead phones band practice with
Great read.
Excited to learn that will have a pub featuring 8 taps of local beer! Already working on scheduling a #pghbeermeetup!
“: Keep your hands clean.”
- Robert Garcia anyone?
"Dragnet": Wooden acting, bad dialogue, in a documentary format. It doesn't make sense. But I can't stop watching it.
i follow waaaayyyy too many patriot fans on here....wtf is the matter with me?
Home now!! BBQ was aweful!! Giant tree branch fell in Marks yard, then he found out 2 of his relatives are dead!! !WTF!! Bad luck!!
": enjoying life ne" Welcome to twitter I bet SA has opened your eyes ah!!!when r u coming back??
how's the workouts going so far with Manning
It's not a heart breaking loss, #Mariners deserve to lose because they can't finish it.
I just want to do
Yes, that would make a difference wouldn't it, Queens vs. Midtown Manhattan. :-)
#itsalwaystheuglypeople, that make a difference, and are more interesting, because they have to try harder!
OMG. & your name's hannah?! we have so much in common. WOAH!
Minnesota could have a great young lineup with Hamilton.. Going to be the biggest sleeper of this draft. Let's see how they go here
singing to #oomf on the phone.
I know Rite They Make It Look Like They Never Had Acne A A Teenager
Rhythm & Jazz Radio hit a milestone of sorts today, gaining its 300th follower here on Twitter. Good to see the good word is getting around!
There are those who make things happen, There are those who watch things happen and There are those who say What the fuck happened!
what the fuck?
I will turn up for my friend tonight
Conceivian holiday party starting in a couple of hours.
A little bit longer; & i'll be fine :')
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 1118 calories! on 4/9/12 at 1:34 PM
I just want to say FUCK YOU to Oakland University. I pay good money to attend here and I can't find a parking spot @ 6pm.
thanks, Sam. enjoy your personal "leaning tower of pb"
<- please follow
seriously. Everywhere.
#2012c19 Travis's class created page on Our Nig from scratch; expanded Harriet Wilson page from stub.
wait, do the ones you took of me 2 years ago count????
you're going to kill it, dude!
Mary Kate! The headband should have tipped me off.
Blegh My only way to coffee is to venture through 26degree weather....Anyone want to bring me some? ;)
Stalking Tom Brady on Intrepid's Flight Deck. Just a perk of the job (and yes, he's really really hot).
come in this Wednesday to our Bellevue Nomu Lounge for our final night of Trivia!
oh no! Lol
I aspire to be close enough buds with Zach Randolph that I can call him not Z-Bo but Zeebs.
wowzers! i so wish too:) but, seeing you in vegas will make up for it...this year anyways ;)
Coral Springs Investment Property for $ 195,000 The current rent is $ 1495 per month
have a great day Jentifa
Yes please
Is your dad telling stories again? It was a long time ago and I was real drunk...well, let's just say it's a penetrating tale!
another hackweek. another most-awesome-day-of-my-working-career.
saw this AM, hilarious!
OH loooowwwd!!! I'll add more
The Oregonian's Canzano with the silver lining: Oregon has 18 of its 22 starters returning, could be Pac-10 favorites next year.
Just registered for timeline webinar. Going to try to listen in on my lunch break Tommorrow
RT : My partner in success the one only rt: Now following -----&gt; !
Just saw Reanimator the Musical last night and I kind of want to see it again already. Was so much fun.
damn! Can u teach me that trick cuz my cooch be zzzzzn!
About to hit the air! Tune in - WWL-TV Channel 4 in New Orleans.
What a weekend! Thanks for all those who stopped in before the game. One more to go tonight!
Few hours into this paper and already four and half pages into it. Aka, time for me to retire to sleep and continue in the morning.
tell everyone about my intense thriller a new species of Python in Florida n they will learn best sex maneuvers only 7.89 amazon
Sounds restorative! Where are you (if you don't mind my asking)?
Just wondering if I'll see you between now and then.
thanks! See you then!
RT : We will have a total of 45 branches by sept 21. We are open for franchising.
Sounds good... marking you in my calendar. Night!
Please follow :) les dará follow back :B , she is DIRECTIONER :) siganla :D eso. :L
On a totally different note: clowns and antique dolls are creepy.
why so discouraged? i know he is a terrible rebounder, but at least he is a real listed 7 footer and not soft at all.
thanks baby!
just heard a bad news a boy named martin commited suicide becuz he was a belieber bullied #ripboybeliebermartin !
Wake up time is money lol
AWW I love it!!
When to call the doctor for menopausal symptoms - Newsolio
It was not. Just some sleazy looking dude that I wanted to stomp on.
yeah too bad we know how that turned out now.
well i got him one thought i didnt have enough till i saw 3 people bought cds from me
If anyone knows any places i can preform post it to my page please.
Need some music to start your day.... Check out Yelle and their track Safari Disco Club!
O.o
A rare, memorable moment.
Congrats to boy and the Bucknell Bison on their HUGE win over Arizona last night in the NIT!!
Baby I love you, I never wanna let you go, the more I think about u the more I wanna let you know that everything you do is super duper cute
hi babe
: so proud
La Porte is so boring!
Look at his cute outfit!!
People do not seem to realize that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Just saw Midnight In Paris... at work. I wonder if one day, someone will make a similar movie about Ham Lake?
One more week until the Little Brown Jug! Can't wait. Hope the weather is cool and dry. Probably wishful thinking.
Wow....really..the things ppl do n say...
Just booked 2 gigs in #Akron and possibly more! Get ready now #AK!!!
Trying out 's pozole recipe tonight. She says, 'add a little of this and that" I have to follow the recipe.
How are u that faded that u drown in a bath tub??? Wish she could have got some help
nice win vs nuthunter +66 at 50/100 3 tables. flopped a ton of top pairs ran great. now trying to win a tournament...
what are you when you are with me. Please tell me.
Fresh market coming to 4th st st Pete can trader joes be next?
So excited about celebrating my birthday with the premiere of the Hunger Games tonight. The kid and I are sharing celebration.
hit me up over email. info -at - delofted -dot- com
lol ur da one who wanted to chat with me
Its officially time to retire the jeep.
of course, #Brewers could go the on-the-street free agent route. I'm sure everything is in play for Melvin
I dont love him like you do!
I was shocked by how utterly magnificent the game was and how brilliantly they paid homage to the original story, look and feel.
Dear #Seahawks, run the football. It's worked to this point, so don't go away from it. Thanks.
It really will not sink in until this fall.
took you that long huh?? lol ok let me potty first lol
The May issue will be on newsstands tomorrow, be sure to check out some fabulous homes in this issue!
i get hungry at the most random times. make that im hungry at all times. my box of #FrostedFlakes is about to be emptied.
lolol! love it! :)
The Yankees won, the Red Sox lost and I had sushi for dinner. Today was awesome.
same thing happened to my mother's used book store. hurricanes in 2004 and 05 wiped out FL's money then recession hit and she closed.
see article from previous tweet. Has all the data.
Here's one for every weekend Bubba. No stone-faced silence for this guy. Cry on, dude.
Live is so extraordinary. One moment can change everything
Time for a relaxing spa bath, cup of wine, some candles and my thoughts.
Little sisters First Communion.
Some people need to grow the fuck up...
visit our page and get a 10% off Coupon on top of the already low prices when sign up www.facebook.com/perfumeseven
You killed it today hpc- thanks to every person who made serve madison happen!
for what?
not an article but: Erik Seeman, The Huron-Wendat Feast of the Dead: Indian-European Encounters in Early North America
Great pic! What's your favorite Pie?
is there practice
Can someone flash me with that Men In Black pen so I can forget about being a type snob and just enjoy a nice evening out?
Marbles Brain Health Expert Says: Infunitum activates the hippocampus, the memory center of the brain...Get it today!
Solo and Ensemble today.
:) that was me.
Dave day
PS by pretty okay I mean I LAUGHED, I CRIED, I EXPERIENCED EVERYTHING I WANTED OUT OF A GIANT MOVIE AND JOSS YOU SHOWED THEM F--K YEAH!!!!!
Sunday, June 13 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: Eyal Feldman | Boy Butter Prod. | Listen: latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Albuquerque: noon-2pm TODAY! Chronicles new location! Bring non-persh food for the Storehouse! Prize wheel loaded-CDs-DVDs-Newsboys tix!
You can have everything in life that you want if you will just help enough other people to get what they want. - Zig Ziglar
Looking forward to watching...preseason football? Sadly, yes I am...
GOOD NIGHT GUYS!! <3 I love youu!!!
they'd understand why Gpd made those fly over states. <U+E32D>
I'm wearing a polar bear suit.
no, too late, can't change your mind.
says "one of the best bugets" in a long time.
Rescue email launched. See if that helps.
Last day in Napa - onto #DENSI tomorrow. Looking forward to meeting everyone.
well let the emotion push you to your best time!! GOOD LUCK!!
girl they'll get it down!
Hello! Hope you are doing ok. :)
The Hunger Games is the best book ever!
Good Night Friends <U+270C> #LIVE #LOVE #LEARN #LAUGH 8D
Anyone who calls themselves an American should know what happens on the first Saturday of every May.
Don't forget to visit #Lectora booth 101 at #astdtk12. Stop by and meet the #eLearning team, including !
Fela! is a really good play and everybody should go see it! I'm proud to be Nigerian!
Dude I just really wanna meet ya!
Wow what part of love thy neighbor do you NOT understand? Even when facing arrest Jesus condemned violence. Your heart is stone
i had to get on the website
Love #TheBachelorette Emily's soft tousled hairstyle. So pretty and stylish. Her daughter is adorable. Nothing is better than being a mom.
Building a monster
No action, no change. Limited action, limited change. Lots of action - Change occurs. - Catherine Pulsifer
Decided to buy and ship a wedding gift to the bride before the wedding. One less thing to carry. Why haven't I thought of this sooner?!
how cute :)
downtown US BAnk should be able to :)
I really don't think I can talk to you after that...that shit ain't something you joke around with...
Watched #twitter101 from and thinking about the possibility of using it for live anonymous brainstorming in a ILT
You are my favorite player ,i look up to everything you do. You most explosive person ever! Are there any tips to jumper higher?
Plastic acquisition! New bling coming soon........
w/ the Stuart clan for Ma Stuart/Mothers Day :-)
My boyfriend doesn't even know how much trouble he's gonna be in tomorrow for falling asleep on me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
oh my god i would die of happiness
whom you skype there? is for me to add
nope never heard of em, I'm stubborn when it comes to listening to local artist...that's something I gotta work on tho
Its Official Bottom's Up On 19th Ave & Cambell in Phx, AZ. Its Going Down. Will Be In The Building. Drink Special
can't do wednesdays - tuesdays?
Sure thang. :) RT : could you RT the first on from my favs? It would help me out. Thanks! :)
New goal: my next job interview will be for a real, full time job or in a field I WANT to work in.
i love being eighteen :)
Morning guys (: x
No specific leads, but may be able to point you in the right direction.
oh really?! Which one? Cause I stay in racetrac chyle!
a real gangsta ass nigga plays his cards right
Lovers don't finally meet somewhere. They're in each other all along.
Oh no I'm sure he's expecting a monetary gift for his great achievement & The Hubby is his godfather as well as uncle. :)
Oh Matt we need to speak to you about #BestBuzz we will change your mind, I promise :)
go FAVRE!
Yawn* Please tell me something I don't already know. 'tis me : )
Traffic is ungodly terrible today
Cheers Jay! Hope u dig the tunes and the video. We gotta find these guys. Please help us spread the word.
This year has been one of the most interesting of my life thus far.
So I am officially in love with #Yoga I cant wait to start seeing and feeling results!!
I was just thinking earlier "it's been a long time since I did a live hit at #Grady" - well guess where I am tonite?
RT : . for event on innovation & technology in/for #WesternMa w/ & others
Haha! We're getting there!
I Hate #Thirsty biatches
Had a great time at yesterday's video shoot for a local artist (Painting). Looking forward to scoring and doing post work for the project.
Next step...Tebow needs to learn to look for that check down throw. Open on many, many occasions.
I don't wear enough flair.
No more groups/projects, it's all done. Just got finals coming up and it's smooth sailing from there. A heavy weight is off my shoulders.
Thanks! Will do.
I really appreciate it! They are all very helpful! I'm glad I have someone helping me out
i'm gonna try to get him here
I need like 38 more Followers .... Please help ?(:
you already know! I'll be back on tueday! I work buy I'll let u know when I'm off
No pressure on Cutler. C'mon D line.
What did Mrs. Baumgarten do?
ROYAL BLUE!
We hope you found it interesting and useful!
Hey Wendys, can I get some sprite with my cup of ice next time.. Thx
Happy Birthday to us! 4/11, best day of the year.
who knew we'd have porch parties in college
Maybe E will contribute. Yesterday he suggested "my need to fix my PREMIS plan distracts me from your aquamarine eyes".
Appreciate it fam
Idk i don't mind armpit hair on my homos.
The tiger didn't go crazy, the tiger went tiger lol
Fear prefers us uncomfortable and lonely so it can do its best work.
Hi tweety birds. I'm having dinner in the south end. Just ordered gelatti and capucino. How european.
Hey girl!(: Did you really draw those graffiti things??
the #BroadStreetBullies will for sure show up at the next game!
I LOVE YOU CHINA AN YOU FOLLOW ME PLEASE ;)
hope all is well. Take care.
There are times when people need kind words, but then there are times when they need a bat to the head.
no problem. I'll enjoy sleeping for you too.
hahaha nahh Zach will just have it come to him as a surprise XD
The first American bicycle race took place on May 24th, 1878 in Boston, Massachusetts
It's a butt-in-chair night. I'm set to write for a few hours.
Looking for some good chickpea recipes... Any suggestions beyond hummus?
watching scrubs when I should be coding
Hello, Darius Miller!
Drove with Hassan for a few hrs last night around the edge of Bethlehem. Saw the settlements, caravans, wall, and tunnels creeping in
It's time
hey can you follow :)?
You here?
I write m/m fiction. :-)
does anyone use myspace anymore?
Less than an hour of 2011 left.. I really liked this year...
yea so did pitt, and we beat em
Congrats to TR Board Member on the birth of his daughter Tatum!
Jean, unselfish fidelity
Friday nights are always good:-)
"But I'll Brb Later Twitter Finna Go Back To Sleep No School For Me'
Hey twitter fam I miss y'all much. What it is
been drinking from a clean red solo and programming so large, stack overflow
Why do you think so many NBA players drive Maseratis? Whenever you're ready, you know where to find us!
Do u like or dislike Edge?
You're welcome guys! I've been a fan for a long time. My husband and teen boys love your music too. We all are excited!
Things I learned in school: 1. How to whisper 2. How to text without looking 3. How to look like I’m paying attention.
lol. Dude I barely get on I'm too sick too do anything blahh....
no alcohol related traffic deaths in our state this year. police will have a high profile tonight.
Follow Me Tuu Gain!!
Yes. Still working on small details. “: Hey are you guys planning a pub crawl for Halloween?”
Somebody tag Antonice to this and ask her what the HELL Issuu is.......
Preview for #Justified was sweet too. I'm psyched for January 17.
shout'n back at you ...a lil late though ..my bad
Only at Pinkberry in Chelsea would someone ask, "Do you need a top?" and the guy would look at me and say, "Well, do we?"
Kobe leave the bench before the game ends. That's why we think he is a piece of shit. Manu had a broken fucking nose!
Are you celebrating any upcoming events? Are you in charge of organizing a corporate event? Let us know and we can help you out! Just RT/DM
follow back
That's pretty cool! I was on a reality show called Fightskool 2 and Tito Ortiz came to train with us as well as Frank Mihr
Went to my ex husbands mothers to let the #kids go
This here Givenchy, 900 dollar jeans homie. All these girls be raunchy like let me seen your peen homie.
We can help you out with that! We'd love to have you stay with us, Cynthia.
wow I didn't know it was that much. Yeah I won't be paying for tickets. I'll consider it when free ones are offered.
I'm not feeling summer being over. We have a frost advisory in effect tonight.
yeah exactly. even if you memorized it, it was still tough as hell.
Hello tweeters today's quote is: It's not enough to do our best; sometimes we have to do whats required. Tweet! Tweet!
Never save money with no cause & never spend it without something to show for it.
since you've been gone, i just don't know what to do!
Sad I didn't get a #WWDC scholarship, but grateful for the rejection email. 1) it was awfully nice 2) saves me from checking email til 12am
and you will never have another like me yeah
Thanks! Yes, I will be at MSA with bells and network graphs on.
Any hardworking undergrads looking for an internship in downtown Austin? Duties include helping w/ outreach & event logistics. Let me know.
Like the look send something in English
Happy New Years! Much love for 2012!
Stop by and see us, we would love to see you!
Why do I have the strangest dreams?!
idk make one? Ha
Pissed we lost
I agree, much better! RT : came home to a full tank of gas & an oil change.
Black Explotation Award: Mc Donalds with the "Chill Talk" Commercial during the #NBAPlayoffs Can we say "Liquid Diabetes Juice"?
<Thanks for the prayers. , how are your folks?
shout out to my 600th follower!! How much longer til I get verified hah. But really though...
Last night I dreamt a man had 2 dig up my floor b/c a mermaid was trapt n our pipes & he could hear her better when he was nude.
My 1st #followfriday in a while: Film Fans
You're way too young to play these games.
Tell me tell me tell me tell me tell me tell me tell me
just owned my life. Now back to the to try and catch VHS.
I love how i just found out someone hacked my twitter and put nasty shit up their .... it happened last month...
!! My poor, poor TurDubs!?:(
justin is nominated for 5 teen choice awards? that's my boy.
“Sleep late, hav fun, get wild, drink whisky & drive fast on empty sts w/nothin in mind but falin in love & not getting arested” HST
same thing happened when I dreamt about you ;^) <21
Solidfire says that disk based controllers are very busy dealing w/100-1000 disks but with SSDs not as busy
I wonder what it's like to have a tail
Big Sean is in Memphis. Oh yeah.
i figure im done chasen these hoes im only chasen my dream
thank you for the follow Allie
There is nothing reduced about the quality of these accessories though
Moderating a mobile focused panel for #refreshDC in April. Heavy developer focused. Want input of what's on your mind so I can incorporate
hm text mee (:
Reading and taking notes about new web developments. Quite interesting.
Ladies Always Remember Too Refresh Your Pussy Before Refreshing Your TL -_- (Have A Nice Day)
yeah but it works the other way too look for the good things and you will see more even when you r behind on bills like me
Everyday is a great day for pizza! We're making pizza and garlic knots all day! Stop by for the best pizza you'll ever have
lucky. I forget which white guys you're thinking about focusing on research-wise?
Online applications are great, but take the time to also submit a targeted cover letter. Shows you thought about the job.
How does one know when they are truly in love, is it base on the things they do for you or is it the unwilling desire fill in a empty void
people are often innapropriately physically compelled by attraction, people try to touch the tattoos on my arms all the time.
Good read as a follow up to the Nielson Report about #Latinos & mobile.
what did he do now?
Don't try to figure out what other people want to hear from you; figure out what you have to say.
Ours does, but Twitter is so slow there that I've stopped using it. Plus my informal surveys say that not many use Twitter.
Fun times playing at The World Cafe Live and The Fire -was asked to perform for both places! Im doing a 30 - 40min set AND a Halloween show!
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in California!
veggie burrito
starting 2 follow lots of #Pittsburgh #startups, #software, & #tech ppl. amazed how much talent we have here! Cant wait 2 learn ab them all
I'm thinking Jan 6-12
RT : Sentiment analysis of comments can be a better predictor of opinion than ratings
I AM A STRONG, INDEPENDENT INDIVIDUAL!!!!
Thanks! I love geeing out about information to the right crowd! :)
Is there anything better than a chicken sandwich on a beautiful, sunny yet windy day? I didn't think so.
"Midnight in Paris" is #17 in Barnes & Noble's DVD sales list and #24 in Barnes & Noble's Blu-ray sales list.
lames:o Who? & how do you no??
yup I hate to blow out candles! But early am for me!
She Hungry I'm Hungry We All Hungry
The recent use of social media as a tool for activism and the subsequent censoring of dissidents' voices on the Internet by opposing...
Delaware State University -GoHornets!! RT RE-Tweet if you LOVE your HBCU”
very excited about the Outsidelands lineup, can't to be in San Francisco again... Stevie Wonder, Metalica, Foo Fighters, Norah Jones, unreal
Is your puppy PRIDEful? Join + + celeb judges for the hottest party on the parade route. 7/16- 9am.
sadly, people didn't know about this until 30 minutes ago. I wrote a song about it last year.
Tweet me a number and I'll rate your icon, BG and bio <3
Friday Night!
more...A LOT MORE...to come around 845am! stay tuned!!
in Glen's defense no one knew of the line up change. Not even the Mets guys. I was in the booth with them.
Daniel Shak Just Misses Out on Top Spot Pennsylvania’s Shak miss out on a combination draw with just one card remaining.
thanks for the RT! It was great to see this #Agile team in action. Team feelings are often overlooked.
Perfect weekend morning: rainy weather, soy latte, and "The American President"
Mason Alert: 8/23/11- All activities and classes are canceled across all campuses of Mason.
Can you email links or docs? I'd be keen to follow the whole project
i love you.
today was the best day ever!!!!
thx for helping spread the good word...
more changes coming to the events pages today....stay tuned.
Sitting in demo limbo. Argghhh.
All I knw is.... This chick betta bring her azz to work today!! Messin up my wrk dayz of doin nuttin cause u wanna play sick
statement from says club is in shock, asking everyone to stop what they're doing and send their prayers to Junior and his family
I have written an opinion about Christie's mandates for education. Anyone know where I can submit it? magazine? newspaper?
what do you think of mayo?
my mom isn't even home? fuck that. i'm going to the pirate game then.
thank you!!!! So happy to be part of the club!!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>ill text you
Playing tonight! Club Garibaldi. Headlining the show, but come early and commiserate!
we should hang out tomorrow .
and me are at Disneyland running a tally of grumpy old people in mouse ears. Total: 8
good morning! (: is today the day you follow me?!
Desire a #nude discount getaway 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
Thank you for all you do. Your commitment is inspiring. Thank you, too for organizing the
wippn hot hot hot colors!!! call today to set your appointment!!
Hope you had a nice fucking day
DAVID I AM LISTENING TO THAT SONG RIGHT NOW, HOW WEIRD
o gosh.. Dont even get me started
I want some Orange
Thanks cutie! Missed u too :)
u got the point...thats more imporant
I'm so hungry
GOGOL BORDELLO !! Seriously awesome.
In my 7 am delirium, imagined I got an email from a specific party with a specific message. 11 am, no e-mail. Am I crazy? #Don'tAnswerThat
I think the dinosaur thing is going on at the same time. as chocorama
iam goona put it some other day no less than 2 weeks i am so very sorry ill try to finnish at least 1 story today no promises
Holy hell does sound incredible. I think that everyone is pinching themselves right now ! Wow.
“: #Game7”Have To Ball This Game
life is bout to get krazy!! >:o
Dancing in the mirror>>>>>>
Ugh work. Kms.
I haven't heard of . Will check it out!
I'm watching rivals right now!!
Finals are over! Yeah!
well everyone has there own opinions, you're just the first person I know that thinks she's fine lol.
Thank YOU for the fuel!! “: thx for letting us be #proudcoffeesponsors for #BlogathonATX 2012 - u guys rock!”
It's a Big10 thing I respect it
Everything cost alots of money here!!!! my rent is over 1,000$
It's Friday, what food are YOU excited to get into this weekend???
I'm @ Borders 4 JB meet n greet but cast is late.
What a great day at the course!
I think Brad likes you.
I was just thinking that you loved the daughter so much, you typed "dilf", completely forgetting that you couldve meant "dad"
Darn, how did I miss seeing you? :( Hope you had a fun #bashh!
are you guys watching the police chase in LA? A girl walks up to the tow truck getting chased for his autograph when he stopped? LoL
I didn't see her today. She's at our intake building & living with 1 of the other 5 dogs we brought up frm SC. Visit Monday.
how is your enchilito? word for word answer...Absolutely super fricking maaavelous! Love our loyal customers !
Newt referred to three wives. Assuming his.
OH, BY ALL MEANS LADY WHO'S COLD WITH A BLANKET. JUST GET OUT THE WAY. GEEZ YOU GUYS BLOW
Lyon: By bursting into journalist's breakfast time at hotel, Al-obeidy creates space for engagement, creates shared interest.
thanks, if only they would pick me :') x
that is awesome thanks! will email soon
RIP Amy Winehouse dang. rehab mighta been a better way to go.
#sdmayornp "housing first" to deal with homelessness
come get yo computer
There are some people Ive met out here that I wouldnt believe had existed even in Narnia.
I wonder if male ladybugs have daily identity crises.
Hey everyone go to fashionbaggage fan page and press like!
Is it weird that I sleep in my Team Iceland shirt every night?
Thanks for the follow:)it means alot!:)hope U have a Good day today:)Smile:)it makes U happy & the people around U smile too:)
kinda tired c;
Haha. Being from Evanston I totally know the feeling. It's a pain :-( we literally do only get 2 seasons: winter & construction
not yet but if I can sell me first gen then maybe.
The tests can be stressful. I've been thru more than I can count and still get nervous. Nice to meet you.
#HAchat However, ePatients /activists need to help docs sift through mediocre/crappy communities to find a great one
son turned 21 today-glad to have him come by to celebrate-proud of him as he finishes math degree and coaches at my school-he is growing up
Waiting for the big game to start! GO ROCKETS!
me too. Beauty sleep starts at reasonable hours for me after that I can't promise much lol
You Lookin Too God ,Wat You Standin Over There All By Yourself For
We'll have to see him in Vegas later in the year.
did you see any kangaroos?:)
I'm following and still learning how to use it lol
it was beautiful!(: and love y'all too<3
It's a sign of my OCD...
sounds good.
Vegas XFactor fans we are running Melanie Amaro's performance at the beginning of FOX5 News at 10. The mistake was made outside our station.
whats the link!
Not everything is what it seems ... Sorry baby :$ .
obviously Not playing things would have been much diff
True to his brand: says skip new boxed set--too expensive. Buy Louis Armstrong set instead (and "music is vastly superior")
What is your motto?
yeah buddy. When are y'all going up there?
I don't deny he sensationalized things, but I see worse on Reuters, USAToday, etc. every day. It's hypocritical for them to judge.
I have a problem with pants :-X
you give us a dollar I give 10
ready to get confirmed?!
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ Viewed from the summit of reason all life looks like a malignant disease and the world like a madhouse.
Our 200th Twitter follower on the day our new website launches!
Thanks for follow, wild picture
I'm really impressed with the ender dragon
Thx to for speaking at #spectrum12 #Leadership Day
Offering someone food and secretly hoping they don't want it.
if you can find me a ride there then i will go <3 (: LOL
Monty designed a codec that did something like that before Vorbis. I'm not sure he finished it. Safety can be achieved with a VM.
Thanks, and you are the MMA Diva! Are you playing Singapore?
Want a chance to win 2 tix to the first round of the #NFLDraft ? Just RT this and follow for your chance to win!
Thanks to all who supported this year's Umpqua Bank Challenge - we can't wait to do it again next year!
Recipe: Chocolate bread-and-butter pudding with roasted pears - Otago Daily Times
Basant is as much "Our" heritage as Holey & Divali but u already know that :)
Well done
this is not Publix turron this is Cuban palacio de Los jugos turron . The very sugary sticky one lol
Tests came back and found like 9 things wrong with me. Some of it explains a lot esp. the pain...
love it!
Shopping spree for my mom
Never be the fool
I love chicken tikka massala my favorite foreign dish
Ok..will mark my calendar. Thx
U wish so, I am here to stay. RT : Ding dong the witch is dead
I am I got something for her
Walking home with the fancy cause my tire is brokes... 2am stoles are romantic... tow and spending money seems to be on tom. Agenda. Woop.
HOLY SHIITTAAKEEEEEE. HAHAHA. THIS IS AMAZING. And we were just talking about it!! :D
#MasterClass LOVED tonight #MasterClass. This one should be in every classroom in America. I grew up in the same era & same values.
Hey, you didn't accidently trip and crush Stan Lee the other day did you? I hear Marlyn burns still won't do conventions...
hahaha RT : I don't have a drinking problem I have a drinking passion.
Yeah I need to hit the Gym ASAP, then maybe I can be a guest star in one of your videos!! lol
not a bad monday. diggin this sunny weather
My hands are itching for the chance
welcome to twitter
Everyday! RT : Q1 #Foodiechats How often are you eating #Organic Food?
ur first time gettin hi was at a 311 show
": Them bitches from #CollegeWithDegrees be giving #StupidDumpHead"<=call it sharing knowledge
she is adorable! So big.
When I find myself feeling negative, I will choose to look for the good. I know that what I focus on expands in every area of my life.
chicago vacation so soon with
lol I wasn't calling you Martha Burke, I was pointing out the Masters is commercial free because of her. ~>
These people are starting to piss me off!
I've been pretty bad at twitter lately. Apologies to the three people that actually care about my prose.
Aside from the amount of times you've said swag today, I'm proud of you! Please stay clean, my life is incomplete without you.
What does that tell our black men who's already struggling in the gay world!!
Looking forward to hearing from at the headquarters today. Anyone have questions?
Annoyed, sad, depressed, pissed, irritated, heartbroken, unhappy. Words to describe my feelings.
Awesome! thanks!
will be released on May 19, 2011.
Assassination is an extreme form of censorship.
On the days where specific activity is not noted, Darrell will be on rides to various locations in length from 500-1000 miles.
The amazingly insane analysts who keep making predictions about AAPL's downward fall are qualified as candidates for the GOP nomination.
Time takes pleasure in kicking our asses...
the cop had stoppd a car on the side of freeway ramp and i was goin 60. He said i shouldve slowed down by him and i had warrants
he might be done for life
#DenverBroncos coach John Fox on hearing the news about Peyton Manning joining the team: "I almost pulled both hamstrings."
Niggas is thirsty. I'm not a whore. i'm not a slut. i'm a model. how many times do i have to repeat that?
how'd you guys do today? no one would answer lol
It's not in her range. She's can a pretty deep meow; she's more of a contralto.
Justin Bieber: Never Say Never. Selena Gomez: Be yourself. Miley Cyrus: Radiate Love. <U+2665> -- Selena Gomez
hate to hear you lost but classic story.
#Howzit? If u love #Entertainment #ThemeParks #Bars #Nightclubs #Pubs #StripClubs #Parties #NFL #NBA #MLB #NHL #Follow us
per my husband who is the #1 Bucks fan, Super Sid and Marcus Johnson.
Sent one during Precon. Will that work?
amazing shoot this am!!! I love my cows. You made great models.
Who feels like #SUBWAY for dinner? We have subs, salad and pizza. Come get your favorite. Eat fresh.
time to make breakfast lol
she brings a whole new meaning to the term "inflation"
Please sign in & propose/vote on sessions to create our schedule! :) Ask if you have ?s about the process!
I hope Dawson and Bettis get their yellow jackets today.
bet. Ima check it.out when I get it.
FINALLY, time to relax & sleep!! Better believe tomorrow I plan on sleeping in! Queen style, flanked by pillows.
congrats on making it to the #DWTS Finals. #PackerNation loves you
Budget Summit for Fall 2012 complete! Keep an eye out for budgets from your commissioners early this week
I hate it when I lose my Chapstick <
Just added the honey, wheat extract, and 2lbs of wheat DME.
#truth thank you. Just got out of class. ^^ hope you are having a spatacular weekend
seems like it.. very much so
Tonight is our #Bourbon tasting! Taste, learn, enjoy bites & more! Phone reservations @ 503-248-2100. See you there!
thanks for the clarification. Makes a great deal more sense now.
Shit JUST grinding
I forgot how great a movie Moonstruck was.
Ahh yes, you will be missed. WHo knows what we will crash this year in
ye. That kids gone. Haha so u gon be at schaumburg next year
Great! Thanks for the note. It was fun to work with you.
I know some local friends that would LOVE to go! :)
My buddy had a jar of moonshine. I got so drunk I passed out on my Gf's shoulder while slow dancing to Bump N Grind
I've learned that no matter how much you care, some people don't deserve you..
I just finished a 2.86 mi run with a time of 32:01 with Nike+ GPS.
Delmarva, Frederick, Bowie, Norfolk are all under .500. They gave all the wins to the Orioles apparently.
. it's for notetaking, but has voice recording that is tagged with its position in your written notes. Also pdf markup, etc.
I just had a student ask about end punctuation & quotes. Is there any talk about the LOGICAL PUNCTUATION movement?
The great leaders are like the best conductors – they reach beyond the notes to reach the magic in the players. – Blaine Lee
#SchoolMemories ugh I can go on and on bout this treading topic
No Not Yet We Are Thinking Next Summer Probably Mid Summer
How could I be so wrong about people---yet again? Snakes are wearing the best disguises.
Every field is especially blind to its own methodological shortcomings. The internal debates are always smaller-scale.
Just saw the cutest twins in the world.
Hell yeah! I love Kentucky, too! Go CATS!!
Vincent Thomas just arrived for the free event at Liam's and he's getting set up. Don't miss what is going to b a great event. 7pm
TONIGHT - Dirty Habits with Special Guest DJ's Curtis Dirt, Justin George, Lank, Nova & Weapon XI along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!
thanks! Sad to leave, but this is going to be a blast. We have got to keep in touch for sure!
Matzo ball soup, great birthday ending
Thanks! Me too! Will you be at the TweetUp?
Damn, that was a nice hit that stayed up too long.
Oh come on That performance was Not incredible and Flawless
And I can't wait to see your work in person soon!
#TWITTER WARNING: Dont click any DM titled: IS THIS U IN THIS BLOG? It's a spyware/phishing attempt RT
#GoodLuckAustin We know he's going to be amazing :)
if pork is the other white meat - why is sausage not white? just asking.
I swear things never work out for me.
Blueberry pancakes!! Blueberry pancakes... Hmm... Been too long!
Still not sleepin so I found some videos...the guy sounds better than he looks...and he looks damn good!!
glad you liked it...Was great seeing you at the hilltop of Malibu! Hopefully again soon...
Just saw preview of the new version of the Heritage iPad app. Very, very cool. ^TR
if memory serves, we've met some folks from your office! happy to spread the event to our members. come by again :)
I had a dance break. Thanks for the share!
Yes! They were pretty awesome!! Are you jamming to them now? haha
Railroader Magazine May | Collectible Model Trains and Toys ...
Anyone in particular?
perfect! “: Wait! i just got this!! I want to take a snowy pic with u!! lets take fun ones in denver tomorrow! #prsawdc”
do you have a connection with lil crazed :DD
Well done Hyundai. Settin the tone early for commercials
me. RT : Alright fans, who's cheering for the tonight?
I may have just Hulk Hulgan'd a shirt, inspired by
Fudge why am I never online when the boys tweet this if frustrating aghh!
Preschool Escapee Makes Solo Trek Home %7C ABC News Blogs - Yahoo%21 via
Show me that good things wait to those who wait. :D.
On Vacation in Arizona!! :). Just ate some spaghetti. YUMM!!
well wolcom back where did u go
are they good?
Never a good sign when they are playing a clip from Rocky Balboa at the ballpark
I am somebody!
I know bf thats why we should smoke lol
my dude is coming back to life!
... But, I'm uncertain that's what was actually attempting to say?
Hey! What's up in the SLC?
Around the World in 80 Shorts
ha naw i read em. If i like the tweet i rt it. No set date on album but just so u kno i got about 2 albums & a mixtape ready
Time for bed, goodnight twitter.
Got my work in this mornin' "Sports Talk w/ Devan Wade ...had my machiato..now i'm watching "Chopped" though the gym looms..damn..
And all I did was try 2 c u.......like u cried about. Months....
Twistii is looking for a celebrity hair beauty blogger
Getting myself McDonalds because I deserve it.
Pierce, with injured knee, shot nearly as many FT's (7-8) as the entire Atlanta TEAM (9-10)... make whatever you want out of that
Love that the family dog being held in the pic on the front page of today's Entree section in the Journal Sentinel is named 'Brett Favre'
so glad you enjoyed the performance! Hope to see you at more concerts this year!
YEAH!! WHAT A GAME!! MY DREAM MATCHUP COMES TRUE!! LETS GO RANGERS!!
Thx! RT need to give a shout out to Roumel, too. checked us in us & took care of us = 1000% satisfacation !
yeah. and I talked about game-ification of some #kohails processes back in July. So I know he's keen on it.
I have never seen this girl wear any other pants besides yoga pants
Wish I was at #CrossFit instead of at home with this migraine... Ugh! Swear it's work of the Devil!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Seven people in known history have been hit by
M's win!
First pitch has been pushed back to 7:15pm eastern time for the #Yankees and #Orioles at Camden Yards.
oracle octopus 'messiah of football' !
Secret Coca-Cola recipe revealed? TNCNews.com click on video news
Thanks for the RT, Matthew!!
Cardinals John "Mo" really gets IT. Let's get him 4 the
I'm seriously loving 's hair. It makes me jelly.
On average, how many times do you walk your dog a week?
#dodgers catcher, trends #kershawisadouche, but isn't it also douchey to slander your teammate via twitter?
Our national flower is the concrete cloverleaf.
"Where is " begins this morning and continues all week! Don't forget to guess his secret location!
lol, I miss seeing you girl! seriously come over!
I call white ssbbws crispy cremes
dude, thats your best excuse hahaha (x
I'm coming over!
What lovely day with the family and my aunt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
LAPD is the most violent gang in LA. What other gang imprisons indiscriminately and indefinitely - and kills under cover of"law"?
"Can you open another register?!"
Lolz. Leinster's goal song is chelsea dagger. The canucks im with are tilting.
Nothing worse than being jobless, broke and without A/C. I wonder if employment in London is any better.
I meaannn we can only hope, right?!
I see you lookin fly for a white guy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
Hey remember when my 'quick nap after work' turned into sleeping until MIDNIGHT and completely disregarding all of my evening plans?
haha that's sick! I think the suns training camp is actually here in sd.
What's a "stickit"?
Just threw away 6 years worth of maxims and playboys. Guess I won't be making that tits and pussy collage anymore.
Again 's Scanabego! John Palfrey helps fill the #DPLAwest bingo card
Agreed. Happy New Year, etc. etc.
Did you just start tweeting today? Nice work.
needs to do a song with the #smashbrothers & needs to produce the beat!
Hey! Our phones are down! We can't call out or accept calls. HELP!
It is so nice outside today. So much to do and see in #KC. What's not to love?
Last minute gig for one of our favorites the group. The Federal Bar 91601 tonight featuring another favorite on guitar
Perspective changes everything
Sending thoughts and prayers to the koenig family.
hey, hope all is well...does BJB sell any selage/raw denim for men?
trying to get to for book club but the frakking train is all messed up. stupid police investigation. :(
Tacos or movies? Hm
Looking for C# Developers with strong UI and Ajax experience
you don't have to sail the ocean oh oh oh oh *-*
Heading to Wingfield or Hawkins for #Artown? Be sure to bring a blanket or sweater for cooler evening temps.
can i get a hallelujah ...truth
hahahahhahahahahhahahah HAVE FUN
Today is our #wedding & it never would have happened without ! Thank you so much for helping bring us together!
I tried that. Turns out owls don't work so well for picture mail. :-)
Good Morning All!
Starting after spring break, we'll have news about specials, events and great insight on all bars in Bloomington, IN.
We are reviewing applications for school-based community garden projects. We have some great candidates!
I'm following u and ur not following me! :(
Hey! Definitely! Thanks a lot! Hang in there, we're answering emails in order. You'll hear from us this afternoon!
A is for authors Julia Alvarez, V.C. Andrews, Laurie Halse Anderson, Amelia Atwater-Rhodes, Maya Angelou, and more! Check them out!
LOL, true, dang it! Just like every Republican Candidate (or even most) is not a Conservative.
Maybe someone should invent sardine flavored gum. Then we could finally tell sharing goodbye.
MY BAD B... SUNDAY RT don't call me b! & when you coming back?
Legs kicked up in my recliner eating nachoes at cineopolis.
RT : To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong. - Joseph Chilton Pearce
Starting p90x today.
looking forward to hosting, meeting & learning with you! it's going to be fun.
lmfao no gosh shuler! No one is supposed to know
Gotta love it.
No amount of ability is of the slightest avail without honor. - Andrew Carnegie
Just got 20 bucks from my dad's friend that i've never met.
This speedways cray
next time you are in NYC make it to Brooklyn for Smorgasburg on Saturday afternoon. Great way to sample local eats.
Homemade shortcake with stone fruit coulis topping and maple sausage links :D
I'll let you be my Juliet. I'll be your Romeo.
What do you do when a topic is tugging at your heart to write about it, but it doesn't fit into your current line of information?
-&- Thank God For Wakingg Me Up This Morningg.
New urban farming rules were passed by the Boise City Council tonight with a unanimous 6-0 vote.
Hahaha, it's still funny.
But you didn't have to cut me off, make it like it never happened & we were nothing. #<3
I need fit single UK boys :)
I don't admire many, but she & Juliette Binoche are among my favorites. Love watching them.
i love that the window is clearly visible behind her.
with those 3 words (rewrite lesson plans) you just earned Best Teacher Award b/c you are tailoring your lesson to your students!
Chicago we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Lol feel free to talk smack & don't hold back. That's what I do :)
This hot ass bus bihh
Walking down the street eating a pistachio macaroon, giving not one fuck. STILL STREET.
Is it too early to think about a cocktail? Old Fashioned Cocktail Hour starts in just 6 1/2 short hours!
Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!!
That's perfectly fine by me.
It's #nationalkissday, celebrate it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
I KNOW!! hes like 'oh hey.. im getting back the friend-facebook soon'
<U+2605>New Account...FOLLOWERS Greatly Appreciated!<U+2605>
Michael Jordan & Kevin Durant could have been Portland Trailblazers but they passed over both of them in the #NBA draft.
Cant wait for next yr.
I have a reason to be happy because this evening is quite brilliant.
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success. ~Anonymous
Well, the two independent sample sizes added up to 30, but, still, the students should have known better.
I hope y'all REALLY didn't think Denver was gonna win!
if your local newscaster refers to highs in the upper 80s at the end of september as "a cold front" you have life choices to maybe evaluate
What the flying F is up with twitter being over capacity!!?? If you're over capacity then get something that is BIGGER!!! Dah!
A North Carolina law school is hiring an Associate Director to manage their law library. The individual will oversee all of the library’s s…
samee . oh and feeding my puppy .
"Try It" class on September 15 at 5pm! $10 drop in fee. Try it before you sign up for a session!! www.TenacityCircusArts.com
aww! feel better<33 i sent you a text earlier you should read it when you get a chance.
My head is PUMPED
can you tell him my name
quadrillion comes after trillion. Sounds like a made up word doesn't it.
Field trip tonight with some great leaders from ! Going to be a blast!
imm so fuckinn pissed rite noww i wanna mak her happy as she can be
What are folks up to tonight in Nashville? Haven't bn out in a while... Let's make moves!
what up big bro whats poppin follow
Does Ryan Dempster have a tear? Unconfirmed but could miss significant time #Cubs - BB
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I had no clue what was going on, now I'm a pro;)
Not pay. Trying to put himself politically beyond the reach of IRS.": $ to pay his taxes exploiting
Doing more work on the comedy script rewrite. Distracted by agent emails & meetings... Not that I'm complaining.
At the end of the day you just gotta do what feels right.
puerta rican or Mexican there's a difference ;)
I KNOW I'M SLACKING XCORE ON THE NEW STUFF!!! PINKY PROMISE TONIGHT ALL NEW STUFF UP ON MOJO'S WORLD!
Im about that!! Til then.. MERGE TONIGHT @ ROXY | “: “: I need a new Dj! A young fly nigga!””
When anger turns into gun violence... talking to Dr. Wendy Walsh right now.
new BROADCAST album. quite strange, quite tasty. kinda like, some strange gum you can't describe. thats my review.
shout out 2 got 2 get ur follows up!!!!!!!!!
*sits up, rubbing head*Ow... *gets up, kicks bed* owowow
that will make a concrete difference. The problem is that if we do not unite and grow, only little will be achieved.Unity is...
Finishing up my first short as writer/director/editor. Talk about a learning experience!
can't wait to see photos from the conference!
so how old r u
damn i just shed a tear. Kerry Wood's last game
website... on and moving
This is a manager who time and again gets tossed into the worst situations, lands on their hind legs and rapidly creates success.
sHIT MY GRADES ARE HORRIBLE
my llama loves yo mama(:
Awesome...you'll be great. Have fun!
anal telepathy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>
now shantz singles to left. Panthers have 2 on for Aramis Garcia
LOL. NP. I saw Sean followed you too! How cool!
: Thank you for those kind words!
thanks lady! miss you & your family!
Watching for my first time
I would call up my connections lol jk....really!!!!????
Music is to the soul what love is to the heart and joy is to the spirit ~~ Lori Brewer
If tomatoes are a fruit wouldnt ketchup technically be a smoothie??#SmartAssQuestions”
This week took forever. 11 days til schools out. Hallelujah. Hahaha
#HACR2012 #nhli25 Dr. Antonia Novello "I speak with an accent but I don't think w/ an accent"
welcome back to rye NBA
Hm. Off the top of my head, I just read Very LeFreak by Rachel Cohen. There needs to be more YA bi-focused lit!
shopping related: "neat solution" = spanks pants. "item analysis" = which of the 6 purchases blew the budget....
No Foxtel or Bigpond Internet here in Melbourne suburbs. Two days now.
In case you needed another reason to enjoy a juicy, delicious slice of watermelon, now you have one: today is National Watermelon Day :)
Ughh . This concrete poem is annoying .
Sounds about right.
2-0 Yotes with 6 minutes left the chick next to me with the cowbell is on fire lol #morecowbell!
I'm not convinced it's worth distinguishing among personalization, differentiation, individualization (& customization) ...
I'm craving for a Classico champions final. Don't ruin it, Barcelona.
It's a Monday. Come on in and relax in one of our awesome beds.
Getting my road trip on with <U+E01B>
Christmas music... Oh how you put me in the holiday spirit
i love u
I'm sending hologram Me into all meetings from now on.
do any of you in the chicago area have a truck or SUV?
He loose my chains that kept me bound then set me free!!!!
Sounds awesome, I'm headed to Bangalore India beginning of March. Ever been around those parts?
ha! I actually bought my domain a few months ago. Been lagging! is a-waitin'!
Class cancelled? I like it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Though that Cruz play, was just dumb football on his part. Just stay down. Similar to Kolb not falling on his fumble.
Remember: Today is the deadline to do your taxes!
"I'M IN MY KITCHEN, COOKING NOODLES. YA'LL NIGGAZ SOME LIL'DAWGS, I CALL EM' POODLES"
I appreciate telling Skip the same things I want to say but do not have the floor to do it. All while staying under control.
missing #Team5k and
I wanted to end that last post w/ #WhoRemembersThe60s but didn't have enough room. Darn this 140-character limit. Grr.
Yess!! Woke Just On Time For "The Price Is Right" <3
I'm sorry baby!
Third week of Operation: Educate Uptown. Tonight @ 6 pm. Inbox me for details. Do Not Enter the (Epi)Center.
New video just into our newsroom of severe weather in France/UK...coming up in 5 minutes on
thank you buddy
Time for the arts questions
ew. But probably true.
So happy for you, babe.
I hope you are having a great weekend!
2 Live Crew - Me So Horny (Uncensored): via
Happy Friday from
oh I assumed we have a standing invite to all class & events. Forever. Right?
Let he who is without sin cast the first stone.
yep yep!
I am so not in the mood to get out of bed an go to work
I swear my parents are on the "no eating" diet when they're home alone cause the kitchen and fridge are empty every time I come home
I hav help from the rabbit thanks~
True, but hate is hate, whether it's passing laws or "shoving a bible up" someone's backside. A true Christian loves all...
Apparently, the little things don't only kill. Neat, easily replicable study!
it's cause I'm so fucking cute
The T and melo is hurt
Bike paths would be gr8t emergency routes & bikes don't run out of gas.
how the fuck did I cut my eyelid ?!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Got a chance to get a PA job for a media company. Should I go for it?
Dear Honda, you and I are gonna have some problems. Love, Anthony
Feelin bad that Portland State University has the same letters as Penn State. #shame Let's rename ourselves with different letters, yes?
I'm gonna go on tweet limit soon. >_<
I guess ill be the weird one and smile in my pictures while you guy makes faces at the camera
Workout mode
Everywhere in Italy, whether in a small village or big city, you can eat great food.
Have you ever pushed away from the one you love, to see if they loved you enough to come running?
I know it suckxD; so what else is new? :D I'm so bored now!
&#39;Pokémon&#39; at 15: Success is still in the cards, films and TV shows
long time no talk
i wanted a "student athletes" opinion as well.
Morning world
Or #Mufasa RT : "Being brave doesn't mean you go looking for trouble."
Nah southland for me.
ADA: 10.9 million, or 26.9% of all Americans 65 years or older have diabetes can help! Text HEALTH to 300400. It's FREE!
I never made fun of abortion, neither one of these issues r applicable to b making fun of and cracking jokes about.
jazzy rapist
Wow that's crazy! I wonder if they'll be able to change all eye colors soon.
grounded knees to the head sounds insane.. Gl sir, may you emerge victorious.
Love is the immortal flow of energy that nourishes, extends and preserves. Its eternal goal is life.
We want to reach 675 followers by the end of 2011! Please spread the word like wild fire, then send us your email so we can thank you!
Hm. Earthquake. Great. I'm dying hair right now. How does one look prepared with due in hair?
Can't really say the #GOP #primaries are bleeding the candidates white. They're already the whitest people I know.
it's that kind of day. However, I really hope I don't go into a food coma!
And Trader Joe's is owned by Aldi, which is as multinational as it gets.
I'm sure we will (once she is over the scary wolves part). BTW, I was kidding you didn't spoil it.
thanks guys!!!!
Where my brother at? He is probably nominated a 2012 yams award lol!
I'm good...can't wait to start school next month..: )
yep they're in the last inning one more batter if he doesn't score they're gonna go into extra innings
High funding costs threaten Spain's robust exports
U play basketball, son? Yep. You want a full scholarship? Sure. - Billy Clyde Gillispie recruiting.
took some meds and they starting to kick in..GN!
Saying "Au revoir Nice" and "Hola Espana!" - heading to Barcelona. Its going to be a long drive
Dare I say you're too funny ? bizzy bozzy indeed - at your service!
you to mama. Please go to the gym tomorrow with me! :)
In holiday 2010, Starbucks sold 42 gift cards PER SECOND.
Tune into 's NewsWorks Tonight now to hear me talking about how the city fails be transparent about its property-tax value data.
Join and for #NotYourStandardBingo at this Sunday night. Reserve your table now!
Checking up on my status since it has been awhile since logging on...
Great day for the ! Got to finally meet and get her aboard the team!
well that's no fun. You'll just have to go twice next year...
Just came back from the range. I love the faint smell of used gunpowder, world best cologne.
The UP is selling like hot cakes! Just called Apple Store, Best Buy and Target and they're all out?!
I was -7 years old.
Just saw 2 great commercials: salesman speaks Mandarin & Clark & Kensington 'find ur soul paint.'
lol well aye well when you feel like fighting well you can come on
Toni is watching #mystrangeaddiction with a dude obsessed with collecting mannequins. some are kind of hot.
and also learn to be less driven by instant gratification #planning for long term is so important!
RT : Chattanooga: reliable power and affordable high performance broadband are two of the top five relocation factors
Painless flight. I love you New York.
That is seriously the worst thing ever. It's as if Hitler and AIDS had a baby.
this is all shocking and sad:( about the colts rebuilding
Just tapped, Afterburner IPA (replaces New Belgium Lips of Faith Fresh Hop IPA)
that sounds a lot like paper samples... If you contact a local paper rep as a print designer, you can get them for free.
What's up bro! I just found your Twitter. Had a blast in Miami during WMC. Keep in touch
my coworker said our peppermint bark was the best he's ever had :D
Nice lazy day today. :)
South Side
I miss and <3 u
I just Garfunkled your Simon!
Okay just kidding...I'm not tired. I decided to make a burrito thing instead of going to bed. loool.
#WW Wedding Wednesdays!
To be #honest i save some peoples numbers in my phone just so i know not to answer when they call
never get old
ething great it freaking suckss, like why do guys wait until you have something good...and then the love of your life come back and tries to
He keeps forgetting to say no homo after all those I love yous lol
It was scary as hell! Unexpected too! He appreciates the well wishes I know- thank you! Puts life in proper perspective.
Ours usually involve "amazing search results" for our website or merchant services. Intrigued by the 6 figures though. ;-)
When you are as skilled as Tim Duncan it doesn't matter how old you are
Brianna tried to call you yesterday from her cell!
It's too nice outside for my feelings.
If it's sci-fi themed you might be rolling in the electronic credit transfers.
too bad u didnt come out bro.... str8 pooped on dudes!! nasty snip
Jake just said sooooweeee to a cow <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AE><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7>
are you coming for #CIL2012 ? We should all meet up.
I would visit a certain cable news website just to gawk but I think in google analytics, so no, no click for you.
Can't pop my collar.
Let's get it!
Amen to that...they will be victorious!
haha hopefully this summer!
Honestly it's too fucking hot in my room
soon my friend soon
Good morning everyone coming from the Big Island of Hawaii. Have an awesome Tuesday
hey what's up?
Nahh I'm ok! Most of the time people can't even tell
book was way better but the movie was fun too.
Lol thanks. and don't we all wish that ;)
Your Back :D lol Buenos Dias <3 Much Love!
luv u too cheer up.
has done an excellent job on executive producing his new album 'Trespassing'. It's an amazing album and he should be very proud
drivin w no shoes on >>
our crew went there las year for bboy battle in January and it was from 30-60's in the F degrees so idk
Ms.mitcham looking cute with that dress ;)
Super excited to try and get some cool b reel for the video! Stay tuned as we feature a a few local artists!
I think so too. Next week?!?!?!
hope you have a good day! Its cold and rainy here in beantown
I agree! We need to get some people out this way
Fuck Roger Godell he is a bastard
your #zuccapizze is phenomenal!!! i wish i could have it every day. love your restaurant.
That's how it's done Flyers!!!
Happy Grandparents' Day! I started two # to celebrate: #ThingsThatRemindMeOfGrandma & #ThingsThatRemindMeOfGrandpa Hug a grandparent!
how's tomorrow look for you around lunchtime?
Good morning everybody! Gettin this mixtape done then I start workin' my full length cd!
Going to bed...watching the old black and white Batman movie serials from the 1940s. classic stuff. night everyone!!!
Within Temptation - The Best Of - Album - 2012 » <U+0639><U+0635><U+0631> <U+062F><U+0627><U+0646><U+0644><U+0648><U+062F>
BREWERS WIN!!!!
Even though I promised myself I wouldn't risk the chance of getting hurt again, for some reason, when Im with you, its seems worth it.
is a genius!
Good morning :3
me you can talk to me :)
I WAS ON FIRE TONIGHT!!!!
Follow me on Instagram:
But at the same time I get you're busy and you have your own life, so I can't even be mad, do ya thing bro
anyone looking to sell blazer tickets tomorrow?
Thanks Karen. We miss you here in the Captain's chair!
Ah, Jenn, you've got this! To share success: I did that last year and it stuck until this Christmas lol. It's a "treat" now.
Going shopping for St. Patty's day wear. Have to try and impress cause she's already got me beat with the red hair!
I need a stress and anxiety reliever. This week is already terrible
there's one Spanish microbrewery but the name is escaping me. Italian Bierras are really taking off. Sorry I can't help.
PPSS closes for the season on Saturday. Come get one last snowcone :)
Listened to Honor Bright in the car on the way to work today! get your butts here and visit me damn it!
Lots of#Brewers fans on this flight to Pittsburgh! Gonna be a fun couple of games. Go Crew!
GOD DARNET!! when is my phone coming??>:( getting very impatient.
" Talking to the moon like I'm talking to your eyes, baby.."
A Prius add?
Harlo & Portland Fashion Week will be teaming to provide special event promotions online. Stay tuned in for details and ticket discounts!
History of natural history museums is a particular interest.
wish I could've gone to the roxy to see u perform but sadly I live in NYC hope You do a show here someday ?
Getting sum fresh ink:-)
Getting reacquainted with my man,
Doc Rivers: "[KG] clearly was not the only one [moving on the picks]. ... We put ourselves in that position."
tiiiiiiiiiiiirrrrreeed watchin the spongebob movie gonna read breaking dawn now...peace!!!
My numbers in the Super Bowl squares pool...Giants 8 Patriots 4 or Giants 8 Patriots 0...anyone else?
Anyone have a bass head lying around that can be used for a rehearsal tonight? Promise it will be in good hands.
If you have to compete with someone to feel superior your not.
Site will be up in a few months, its looking off the hook right now.
america over france!
thanks for the juicing pulp RT
What you do in your off time is no business of mine :)
Income, reinvest, breed. But their webpage needs work. How about.... "invest in a real growth STOCK" (as in cow) How about showing a map?
omg! Yes! Ugh I started THE PARIS WIFE last night & kind of hate myself for it.
Damn I wanted to watch the fight
Back to The Can...game 6 Baby!
thanks to our new friends that helped us around the city! Goodbye Amsterdam, hello berln!
What studio u kno got a staff barber?? come to and get cut up tues-sat 8pm-4am only $20
I feel like a crazy person. Goin pretty insane. Rehearsal tonight with Tallymoore will help :)
enjoy high school while it lasts #goesfasterthanyouthink little cousin
RT : Oh man these pocket pies are so damn good
we have to talk about the beer in your profile photo...
I'm jealous roll in some birdies
Hi Will, I'm I'm guest tweeter for I like your tweet. I can associate w/ it
Personal power, which is derived from our ability to act in the interest of ourselves and others, is developed from our ability to first...
Lexington Legends are back in town. Head out to the ball park tonight and show your support. UW donors - don't forget to use your vouchers!
Oh em geezicles. Weather is boring... Friggen local news.
The Wanted If you could collaborate with anyone who would it be?? #t4starslive PS: I love you!
I've seen it 4 times already!...
I'll probably be 20lbs heavier tomorrow night lol
damn i hate a shy bitch.
please dm or call. Do not post any business to me in the future
I'm joining w to block 's #debtceiling plan; it'll shred social safety net & doesn't offer long-term solution
Evidently so!
I just spelled "bamboo" as "bambew"
Spirit airlines is the worst. 3 hr delay for us canceled the next flight. And u have to pay for a carry on.
Missing tebow already
lol it's been so long since we were both single I like it.
Sad news from the hip hop world today... Favourite album?
#FF #AwesomeFans You guys are so cool.
Filming, in the role of Psychopathic Girlfriend, again. What are they trying to tell me? ... And the fake blood is officially out. Yum!
lmao! u shoulda been asleep by now!
Please text me I just need a good conversation to make my stupid fucking horrible day better
what does it do for the student?
this class is making me think about my ex..ughh.
Oh, you got me. I'm totally wrong, you're totally right. You've changed my mind. I have no interest in debating you. Ever.
Good catch! Yes, progressive women who work to preserve and promote our rights as women.
could U find time & take Brock Osweiler under your wing? "coach him up a bit" ya did such a gr8 job with Tebow. PM lost cause
Correction: 1500 EST!
Its all ok im getting new guitar strings....hahaha:) i crack myself up!!!
What am I gone wear tonight tho
We're intrigued... RT Most fun part of writing The New Old Bar is choosing cocktail names #Satan'sSister
hey douche bag lol FOLLOW
I'm fine
Miley Cyrus Slammed for Gluten-Free Diet - Us Magazine
Nothing but love for you Tejas or Texas ... S/O to my Mexicans
Confirming information science is librarianship for boys, only 1 female listed as important historical figure in the field on Wikipedia
- Because It's The Cup RT : "The Role of a Mascot" -
Hey Sarah, I think you're an absolutely amazing actress. Happy to be following you. You're awesome! Brooklyn, NY <3's You!
Parents went to vegas all pumped up foshooo!!!! Hannah stop hating and stop eating my oreos fat f*ck! Jk hmu fool
Wanna be my next follower ?! ;D
Thanks again to for organizing & moderating "Large Ent. Social Media pros Untie!" Very informative & fun to talk shop.
Had such an amazing time at Christ Community Chapel in Hudson, OH and Tyrone Presbyterian in Fenton, MI this weekend - loved being with you!
Waz u mean? ;) RT : someone sent me and offer to join a new venture, the note had spelling mistakes. even if I was in the market...
When ur sore from throwing a frisbie around, that's wen u know
Little sis pooped out a fist I don't see how all that came out a infant
MT When no one on Twitter wanted a RE referral, I found an agent on Signs listing today! cc
Author Robert Yagelski ("The Informed Argument") will speak @ 11AM session on performance and voice in the acts of rhetoric & writing
7 Blue Skies this Sunday @ The Haven in Orlando for "Rock for Gina". Set time is 4 pm. Come put and support a good cause.
For STEALING MY HEART!
I haven't watched #idol since last season
I know would have been fun though
rooting for #kubball at redline with jen + chris. beak 'em!
Hey Ma'am. Happy New Year! Hope all is well with you and the fam. Need to chat with you. Hit me back!
I should say I stopped checking on them before that point. I was with my wonderfully slacking Devils all through that mess.
Christian values shouldn't be sacrificed for a speech by anyone.
so I only saw the beginning part of the twitcam where says he's naked
Re-watching last night's #TheOffice. Who would've ever thought they'd see Steff from Pretty in Pink puke in a garbage can.
trying to drown the pre-game jitters with some <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
of course beto! <3 you doll
When one is hot, be perfectly hot. When one is cold, be perfectly cold.
well thanks for the help anyway.
ok, but we did record a pitch video at the event?
#onlyfatpeople have never seen their vaginas.
Lol yea hope cause no-one comes here. And Im mad cause the Mac Miller tickets sold out !! :(( - Zaona
Nice graduation gifts!
if you love him so much, why don't you marry him???
We shut down Luxe last night
r u serious rose hurt again NO!!!!!!!!
that's what 4/20 is for....
“ 80 Hour work week, no child labor laws, 2.00 an hour, no health insurance or right to complain #GOPAmerica”
who's in for RhymeCal 9? Slots are starting to fill up - alot of new cats signing up. Go to rhymecal.com to register or get at us directly!
I live in California and I just heard "what makes you beautiful" on the radio :D
come back to us!! The #ironbound is where everything happens yoo!
DMX is off the chain
listening to iconic boyz master mixes
Are you working on any lodging options?
watching Wizard of Oz on tv. Love this movie. Best of the classics, actually, of all time, just sayin
Dust my hands off and keep it TF movin lol
"Where's the super bowl commercial that convinced you to use Twitter? There wasn't one."
let me know next time you air so I can tune in
Fact. Did you know?Buffalo NY experienced one of the first "natural disasters" in history, declared by President Carter. What might that be?
Oh, yes. Those who cannot remember ...
From a lesson I saw recently....sort the following into nouns or verbs: run, walk, bat, hammer, hop, dance. (& yes, had to be one or other)
Ah what to do? 1 bedroom or 2?
Busy researching sexual violence against women for a paper on UNSCR 1325. Hoping for a day when rape is not a tool to enforce patriarchy.
*sign of the cross* *throws water on you*
were following you!
I do love. Where you been?
try counting to eleven then.... ;-)
it's cool down there. seriously. it's kinda chilly.
Disagree about #athiesm. A cult requires a belief - not the absence of one.
Don't feel good at all ! :( I'm ready for this night to end.
so rude and ungrateful. sick of trying
wooooaaahhh! I miss you too!
I'm so excited-getting a behind the scenes look tonight at what it takes to become a broncos cheerleader. Interviews, tests, routines oh my
love that scene in Rocky.. one of my favorite motivational speeches!!
Please follow for updates of our first full length film been shot later in the year.
What's wrong with her
hah! I am in a benadryl fog this morning as well..
confession....haven't done it :(
Yeah but Corgan had it comin' that day. Gerken told me Billy was pissed at him for giving bad directions...
That zombie had it comin'! Probably
I do? bhaahh you could be a model!!!!
Let Em play refs!
thursday works for me!
GOD takes away one thing when He has something better to replace it with.
Slowly getting better #Ihatebeingsick :/
“I have not failed, I’ve just found 10,000 ways that don’t work.” Thomas Edison
oh just at work...nothing to exciting you lnow how exciting shakopee minnesota can be
Wonderful! Thanks for the hospitality. :-)
Thank you!!!! <3 much love
This smile I put on is totally fake, knowing that what you did to me still haunts me everyday.</3
Wish the lovely could've made it to the show though... </3 :/
I think the neatly divided content ghettos of subject matter should be abandoned for multidiscipline. #teaching 2030
Stuck in my house doing nothin
and will you tweet everybody and make it clear winners aren't eligible for the all star season!
of course...Harold's?
A Cross to Bear, check it out.
Cheated on myself & sought out the results on before west coast result show finished--I'm happy with outcome! :)
it's like the old one, but different. We rearranged it. I'll send pics
Blood splattered Zac Efron strips down to his underwear on set of The Paperboy - Daily Mail
I really like this weather. It's always great to do doors and see my neighbors and friends again, but the mild weather makes it even better.
Guess O and D aren't around together. says he hasn't talked with Manning yet either.
I saw it homie. I check it out in the am
lol! I know! It sounded like a good idea at 8 o'clock.
Makin moves...Nelly show and party next week, performance at La Margarita on the 23rd!
Had a blast 4 my birthday. Thanks 2 all my friends and family!! Love u guys!! :) #s/o 2 everybody 4 all the birthday wishes...thanks!!!! :)
Without sports we would have to talk about politics and other ways we hope to improve our society.
Mondays dressed up as Tuesdays are sneaky
Some brands of toothpaste contain glycerin or glycerol, which is also an ingredient in antifreeze
Sometimes I think Portland's leaders wished downtown was Bridgeport Village.
Everyone always talks about the early bird. How about the early worm? How'd that work out for him?
Mark, you're not so bad yourself...
its so nice to have austin home :-)
Anyone else bored besides me?
College football is nigh upon us. GO FROGS!
Beer RT “: Q7 #FoodieChat You are attending a seasoning party & need to bring one spice, What will you bring?”
Hey ! We CAN'T WAIT for May 5th at with
Ran into of the this am on my bike ride to church. Wonder if I'll see her again.
RIP Mike Wallace. I really enjoyed his work over the years. They don't make 'em like Myron anymore!
You're welcome. Have a great weekend of shows - gluggle, uggle, uggle!
Giving our customers what they want Hot, Fast Delivery of food that they crave, that typically does not deliver.
Hey. You, Blondie. I miss you. When we catching up?
This one's for the #Oregonians: Did you know #Oregon grows 99% of commercial Filberts in the US?
Tomorrow's the first day of Spring! Tell us how you are going to be spending your day, especially with this great weather we are getting!!
proud of you...stay clear of presuppositions...
Street Money by Paul now on Spotify
Thanks for following! now book me! : D
thanks for the tip! Any other good stories?
With both shrinking #defense & #intlaffairs budgets, how do we achieve our #foreignpolicy goals? Soft power w/ no money?
So Strasburg's contract is worth twice what Dibble earned in his entire career. OK.
It's on a Friday! :)
I hate bitches who act like being in a relationship sucks stfu you obviously aren't with the right person stop generalizing shit.
Bagel Day AND s birthday! #gogetabagel #happybirthdayfrand!
Going to the Golden Globes Red Carpet Event tomorrow!!! Thanks NBC :)
- it would be great if you could get back to me regarding order #1071 that I placed 45 days ago and have never received.
So, this Google zipper is the most action i've gotten in a while.
Did you see the new sculpture on the waterfront??
Yeah that's good to give him time to talk. But the best thing for you is for him to reply to you. Then your good from there.
I'm wearing the scarf too. Need to make it up to the scarf for having witnessed last weeks game...
Listening to the boys of fall gets me ready for football season! :)
Totally true.
thank you!
I Got My Money With Them Boys In OKC Take Over The West Put Ur $$$ Up If U Want To Bet
thanks, can't wait.
Check out tomorrow's issue for info on the #SantaFe Reporter AHA Festival: Progressive Arts & Music @ the Railyard. Sept.18!
I am going to see you guys!
I'd agree w/u if it wasn't so greedy.Or we weren't being controlled by corp. interests filtering info that might hurt their sales
you should never still be up when I'm starting a new day. It's not good for either of us.
I'm a need those tix! Lol
BRO DO YOU WANT A PONY OR UNICORN? NO WAIT THE PURPLE UNICORN IS MINE.
I will say it again, Red Zone channel is greatest thing to happen to NFL since the forward pass.
ok , forgiven. if I could deliver to DC, first cookies would go to, trapped in a snowdrift with no chocolate.
Football player giving a Presentation that is actually making sense
It sure does take him a long ass time to text me back.....smh.
Thoroughly enjoyed #thehungergames - Judianna Makovsky's costuming was brilliant.
finally got a stream up & running again
Not all have been responsible. Reforms are good. Oversight is good. Requiring RDAs to follow SB375 would be good.
You are the hands and feet of Divine Love. Keep on giving. Your love makes a difference in the world. XX
Panthers last shot, airball rebounded by Hopkins...but they call a loose ball foul with 1.8 to play
is going ice skating at the Indiana State Fairgrounds.
Thats what I told him lol;-)
Did not realize halt in foreclosures is in fault due to faulty docs. No ones home should unfairly be taken. Which percent is due to fault?
do you ever write to fans?
Filming must have been tough - Keeping quiet for an extended period of time could NOT have been easy.....;)
i WAS in a bad mood cuz of all the hate im getting for being a directioner.but then i watched the vid of dancing.
I like messing with people. I can't help it
are you SERIOUS? Holy crap... AMAZING movie.
Both LA teams are gonna get swept. Such a basketball hometown
Filet on a fresh roll covered in cheese? I love America. Fuck yeah!
ha ha they need to get right
Highly recommend these folks for lunch. RT We're about to serve lunch for #tcamp12!
My pleasure! Appreciate your business :)
People who can't afford insurance aren't worth getting angry about, Mitt? wow.
WHOA #1500SHOWS! DANCE IT OUT! OH YEAH!
Our Fruitful Congregations Journey team is meeting tonight at 7. Pray for God's wisdom and leadership in each them.
Back in the studio(:
Love having a whole row to myself on airplanes
Top two battle through Victoria Azarenka and Maria Sharapova both had to go three sets to reach the semi-finals of the WTA Porsche Grand
Bout to watch " Think like a man" I didn't buy the bootleg.... .. he did shhhh!
My mom said Keith Urban is pretty. I told her all Australian men are pretty. (Pretty damn sexy!)
#fall10 or be on drake staples ticket
WHAT THE FU....she's terrible so far. And what the hell happened to her face?!?
"the point is, I can help you with your debts if that will make us friends>" this movie is full of
We are currently planning a keyboard. This is a cool idea, thanks for the feedback!
I wish someone would bring me some breakfast tacos, I'm starving <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Thanks for the follow! Have a fantastic weekend!
Hi are there any more spots available for tonight. I know a couple people who want to attend.
Only pretty girls onstage. Off limits to the guys. Lol :)RT : lol 3 levels, huh! i miss the vip section onstage
TreSean wuzz her . And he's much better than Colton.
I wanted to be a laker girl at one point in my life lmao
thats goes both way women with small hands it makes everything bigger on the women end lol
House of Blues!!!!
Need more followers....
Just tapped Flyer's IPA.
oops. Typo.
looking for good music tonight?? Lagond Music Students and and more tonight 630-9. $7
why don't you admit you are pegged for a political operative that hates normal people. Regardless of the demographic?,)
thank you, love!
I've got a tiny chainsaw in my pocket ...
I might be in vero sometime this month also. Down to record?
Lol im happpyy ! tweet him he might reply ! trend what he tells you to trend !
And if you ladies play your cards right, you just might get to meet the whole gang.....lol
Oh how I have missed you...two very long hours left until we reunite!
CAN'T I MAKE THIS TWITTER TO MY DIARY Ask me
I get 5 hours of sleep. Yay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Imma f some ppl up today haha
Such a lovely day in
watching hangover haha funny
Tested and verified! RT If you Google "zerg rush", Google will eat the search page.
looks tasty! What is that?
I love when life is good*
u gone share
LADIES!! SAT 8 TO 2 IN WALDORF/HOTTEST & TRENDIEST JEWELRY OF THE SEASON/AS WELL AS $50 SEW-IN WEAVES..MAKE APPT NOW 202-704-3221
Have a good trip !
It is such an exciting honor! Good luck! Have fun at the event tonight!
Forever 21, take all my money!
I am going to work at a Labor Ready branch today. I have to be there at 6. Ugh!
Isn't that a great feeling?? RT I just got my butt kicked at the gym.
What a show of heart from Jeff Hougland.
You know what's scary? Hairpin turns on steep grades driving on the left side of the road at night. Phew!
Extremely? Thats a strech huh? Lets go with moderately! CHEERS
Preston Dynasty Realty... Live the Good Life!! Powerful and Definitely Rich!!
until later. Then hell in a bowl. Porcelain bowl.
It wasn't pretty Broncos, but a win is a win! #BRONCOS WIN
"Which 'Incredibly Boring White Guy' Will Romney Choose As VP?" #huffpost How bout the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man?
Warning: Dates in Calendar Are Closer Than They Appear - Lale Welsh (via )
john d. is back form asia! don't let the rain get u down! come in and say hi and get yourself a beautiful new piercing to brighten your day!
Fun like watching a train wreck!
RT : “Until every single person on the planet knows and loves a contemporary composer, our job will not be finished.”...
she's discovered how good the interface is 4 tunein radio, calm is restored now we can access the extended News Quiz
AYE ABOUT THEM LAKERS?! They lost <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
#RT ": I'm saving myself for marriage ;)” Can't find many dudes like this
$5 pitchers of Miller High Life & Berghoff tonight! #DoitMadison!
Super contractor is already insulating!
The Acai Berry has been said to contribute to massive weight loss. Try Acai Berry juice.
ANY BUSINESS OWNERS LOOKING FOR ADVERTISING ON THE HOT RADIO SHOW #FORTHELOVEOFMUSIC W/ CONTACT
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter it was just to follow and I had no clue what #hashtags were
NO PAYTON KISSED ME
I will never understand why people insist upon being dishonest about the most benign things. I can tell, and It never fails to disappoint.
me too. its a great list.
good luck!!!! I know you got this!! :)
child were are you moving too
bitch I don't like you, fuck off.
Good post. Well said.
extra cheese .50, bacon .50, lettuce wrap, beer float :D RT: There's a secret menu??!!!!!!!!
Our friends from Though She Wrote have just put up some free downloads on their Purevolume page! Go check them out!
Number two SEO mistake NO effort on off page optimization... Just two biggies.
oh that sounds fun! I like designer brand stores. :P
Saw #hungergames last night. 1- Jennifer Lawrence is amazing 2- I had dreams about mutated animals
Don't you want me baby?
edui 2011 had 13 female speakers out of 42 & we'd like more gender parity at the podium.
lol what was yall talking about ?
You're welcome! Hope your week is going great.
“: thanks for following and nice meeting you” same here!!
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool im gonna get Tom Hanks back. wont know what hit her
if you through us a few quarters every now and then, it won't be cheating.
Obviously not a 5 star prospect by any means but he can be developed.
Thanks for a great 300th Episode of The Shakedown tonight! Now, on to 600!
we buy used and pre-owned vehicles. Pick up and towing on the someday. we come to buy your #car. free quote
#30-Maurice Jones-Drew-RB-Jacksonville Jaguars
The more positive you are when you think and work toward your goals, the faster you achieve them. ~Brian Tracy
awful decision!!! : I mean did Jessie really get eliminated?? For real??? Was it a forced decision???
You stupid piece of shit! Die a thousand deaths you worthless homeless begging ass wipe.
That may be the cutest thing I've ever seen. Send Misha my birthday wishes! Xx
#SomeTimesIWonder "Why is that Frisbee Getting Bigger?"...and then it hits me."
1 from each person! :)
Cause she does !!!!!! silly lol problem : P ebonayo !!!!
Imagining a Downtown Buffalo Bills Stadium » The Rochesterian
Just can't understand Harris .103 instead of Cozart .288 Is Cozart tired ?
Cats are like boys. Both can't tell the difference between when you're just playing and when you actually want them to go away.
I want josh to win American idol :)
I'm way to blazed!!!
Accio Charlie McDonnell.
thanks for the shout out! :) hope you're having an awesome day
I've been waiting on this announcement!
Waiting on my littlest brother to get home already
#chicultural2012 Participants will be asked to vote for Portage Park and surrounding area
Thanks, Alison! A very productive chat indeed.
this guy lol.. I'm busy today
Good luck.
Hook it up with one more ;)
ha. This happens in my real life all the time. I'm too good at dry humor I guess.
You can marry her today! She still mine!
#ItsHardTo Want sometimes just because we always can't get what we want.
don't you hate it when you go to the supermarket and lady gaga steals your pants?! :p
Recycling 9 cases of Santome prosecco bottles from Fig & Pigs at Baconfest Chicago to fill with my hubby's home brew! Score!
...& now for a GPR and archaeology project proposal
lol u''l kill hm bbe:)
Pirate attack victims back home..Blue Jackets prep for the playoffs in Detroit..and honoring our good friend Heather Pick..join us at five!
Instagram had 35 million users and didn't work that well on Facebook. Smart move. Withhold functionality, get purchased, retire.
Just chatted with a barista over patent trolls! I love NPR thanks.
making the most of my one hour of unscheduled time this morning.
Stumbled across something super amazing!!! :D
I have an A in AP chem!
Soul Train Awards.
Find some oversized pillows to use in front of your fireplace for those nights you want to snuggle.
R.I.P. Steve Jobs
Don't let guilt over having indulged discourage you from making wise choices today! :)
Driving through Brookfield there seems to be a pro Waller sign in yard of every giant ranch house. Makes sense, I guess.
QoS is osm too, love it!
Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak… Sometimes it just means your strong enough to let go… #Truth RT
Want to be able to do something at wp-admin/media.php?action=something&attachment_id=# instead of upload.php?page=something
We handed these out at our Holiday party last weekend. Our kids LOVED them! Thank you so much...we'll sends some pics soon!
is the best girlfriend ever!!
Just registered for my classes next year
I could run home faster than in this traffic
Turnip green, goat cheese, potato and preserved Meyer Lemon galettes at tomorrow's Pilsen farmers market.
Hey agents, sizzling fiction, innovations, inventions, high rolling tech world of elite south asians, respond to
Aw, I'm very touched. You're dear~~
Welcome to the weekend RT : It's been a long, GRUELING week and I need to get Happy Hour started before 6pm!
Very welcome!
Currently listening to: Paul Masson - The Name Rings Bells
wow! Your stove top is so clean.
C.I.G.man, fun stuff. I could do this for the army or something!
No, not bigots, just wrong, heads in sand, in the closet, don't trust each other, and just plain "ignut."
I make mistakes and im not the nicest person. But at least im woman enough to ask for help and point out my wrongs.
wow, you need a snickers.
ya you and me bros homie!
u like her, she like u to
Can't #Brewers trade him for more draft cash? RT : Brian Anderson announcing Bradley vs. Wisconsin game.
I understand Finance and it's role in the region and I will work for a complete repeal of #Dodd-Frank. Let's return NC to greatness!
Ready for this semester to be over!!
okay good lol
And that makes this different from the other 14 games how, Lance?
Leaving Mall of America, with little financial damage :)
I have a 5 cadaver dogs hit 2009 Lindsay Wells case Simi Ca PD was there no dig done HELP
Get your daily dose off all things #rock and #metal by following ! Piranah approved!
The Question... Sometimes I wonder who the eff I am. My voice sounds mad raspy right now. Hahaa
The Guto's beard brings all the girls to the yard.
far too many. i use my check-ins to remind me of where I've already been. a digital bread crumb trail!
damn.....i'm in love but the way you got me feelin sometimes make me wanna yell fuk bitches get money :/
brings you Miami's finest food trucks, live music performances, great drink specials like our $2 drinks and more! Stop by!!
thanks, kevin! i will grab that and call chuck tomorrow. thank you thank you thank you!
<3 my BGF! Glad i finally saw her, its been way to long!!
whats wrong with me?
Shameless (on Showtime) looks great, but is really dumb in a way. Anyone seen the original English series?
Wait, write one for Riker and then one for Curt?
Listened to a lot of A Fine Frenzy & Au Revoir Simone today... love love love geeking out to my happy girly music on a perfect beach day :)
Another Happy Realtor.... Docs at Tile 10 days prior to closing!
#WOTD: what is up with these?! Anyone? RT : kendra bought me CD Wilco, I think it's insulted.
what's really good with AJ comin up for a blackout visit
Best wishes for the holidays in your new home here in Denver.
[correction!] "take the contradictions of your life to wrap around you like a shawl...to keep you warm" ~Alice Walker
I love technology, but long live the notebook, in all its forms. Always have one with me!
Happy Birthday to the most wonderful niece in the entire world!!! I love you Serina!
I GOT IT... Didnt listen to it yet tho...
Let me guess...
Cooking channel has wonderful events for fun and easy dishes. TWEET ME THEIR RECIPES Bobby Flay
I don't trust Also: food truck tacos, bat boys, juries, microwave popcorn directions, and homeless men in Hawaiian shirts.
Picking my scab in church
your dancing to "should I stay or should I go" made my night
It's hard to be big, when little got you! AJ
A even better question is why are you surprised? So what's the deal
I could be your perfect disaster, you could be my ever after.
ANY WORD ON WHERE THE OTHER SPORTS WILL GO?
gotta have
Anyone who thinks you can absorb Vitamain C through sunlight is literally stupid.
You shoulda been to the Goose joint up here the other night it was GOOD!!!!!!!
rt oh now i'm even more amp.. i gotta make sure to be there for this now and sign up << Cnt wait to c/u D
- It's snowing over in Catonsville! Luckily, it's bringing people into the library and right to our volunteer table!
The problem with the #Bevpart2 tactic? It doesn't explicitly refer to who the GOP is talking about. And Bev ain't on the ticket.
What a great night last night celebrating a great friend/client's success. Very happy for her & her future.
I get lost in open spaces:)
Would you rather have Jim Kelly with 4 SB appearances HOF but no rings or Trent Dilfer with one ring????????? Thanks for listening!!!
Ha ha ha all while I was in Arby's drive thru !
shot out to everyone on twitter. have a wonderful day!!!`
Yeah Sourcical.com is a great spot for single color Tyvek wristbands but we also have biohazard labels. Sourcical.com/biohazard-labels
#throwagrenade at a pile of paper coupon books. put in your pocket with a FREE smartphone app! W.Qponomics.com
Preppin for session new artist comin in
I dont understand how I got a 69?
Entering a new chapter in ur #life comes naturally. #discovering what it means is the obstacle.
Thanks for all the emails! We have a WINNER!
The most difficult times are the ones that teach us the best lessons. I'm learning a lot lately...
Instant FACE formula just add Brodus Clay
Why can't #glee be on every day??
To all my natural hair salon owners in Las Vegas Nevada, I am looking for you. Hit me back on twitter. Looking to come to Vegas in Sept.
Hm what to have for dinner.....
sup Funky u good?
A Britney Spears Femme Fatale Concert After Party on Thursday, July 28th or Friday, July 29th. Let's Make It Happen!
You are about to give birth to what God has put in your heart. That's why it's such a struggle. You're in that final push.
now to unpack and deal with this mountain of laundry...
Good Luck to THE House! We believe in you!
Help fight #recidivism and #teenviolence in #Chicago!
kita had her baby yet ?
Why do you let people walk all over you?
Hey everybody! My hair looks like a shampoo commercial today!
Thank you for being my rock.
that sounds amazing!
Follow me c;
I see this all the time. Grab whole stack of chips, cross line, gauge players reaction,determine sizing, pull back chips.
u mean 54?
Who wouldnt like Tacos, i mean the real mexican tacos not the ones with crunchy shells, ground beef,&shreaded cheese my mom makes the best:)
Is ready for a female President??
12hrs ago saw Ron Keel deliver an amazing acoustic set. 12hrs from now Sin City Sinners. Its not LA, but thankful for the Vegas music scene
The WFA nominees and schedule are officially up on our website! Tickets are also on sale now!! Check 'em out! winterfilmawards.com
Just woke up from a dream about dinosaurs where I kill a T-Rex in self defense and all I bring home is one of its teeth
Judy is bringing group together. Action Learning is NOT problem solving. It is framing & reframing.
Gonna go see if I can watch YouNow :)
Had a great weekend
u get to hang with Cool j lol
Shared the message re #ItGetsBetter Project today...now heading to friend's birthday party. Great weekend ahead... Enjoy all :-)
Overcoming adversity and difficult set back is part of the natural process of claiming ones championship in the game of life.
What they are doing is exactly the kind of stuff I like to hear about! Creative and different!
you kno I will , you still Jang wit angie and gabby
Check out my bro joining the Twitterverse!! Welcome :-)
Idk who are these "higher level" type people that think they got the right to say what real and whats fake
*every customer* deserves "special treatment" - not just us fools who post up on TweetBook all day
I'm been saving lives since 1978 : )
#IAdmit Sometimes. I mean always think you are annoying. But I can't tell you.
We are constantly amazed at how much great music is out there.
RT : Youth and Digital Media: From Credibility to Information Quality - New Report from the Berkman Center -...
Home sweet home.. :)
Lost in shuffle, Turner on KG: "He's a tough cat. He's hard to move. Every time you bump into him, it feels like your body gets a headache."
As author #Byron Katie would say, "how do you feel when you think this thought?". What is the result when you think this thought?
Come on Rams...You can do it!
cuz this is the last week of skool then next week i hav spring break
Falling in love with men I have never met
Massage and facial, check. Ava's midday bottle, now. Coffee on patio next. Wait, today let's call it veranda. Anniversary dinner tonight! <3
Oreos and milk before bed.
I use it for presentations. The limit isn't a problem. Wifitti is good as a parking lot for questions.
awesome! we'll be there tomorrow night. on an unrelated note: thanks for all you do. cincinnati is a better place b/c you're here.
#LMSunSIG accessibility: brown has an accessibility office (same as disability office)?
Stress has been building for quite some time now, I need to spend a day alone but I dont have time before I leave for Nashville! :/
Im so un-happy with life.
Dont try in play me because i play the game way better
>_< im ready to bounce off the freakin walls!!!!
AHAHHAHA. Poor baby. You're so slow. ;)
JG, you're the sixth brotha from another motha! :-))
You always make me feel like dummy !
While the cat's away, the mice do play.... :)
Stand 2 stave off lbs.! Research has shown u burn more calories standing vs sitting. Have a desk job?Try 2 stand while talking on the phone.
Lovely Friday
love the photos!
I'm so stress free I got nothing to rant about that's why I haven't been tweeting lately on top of being busy smh
lol ... dont sugar coat it man ,tell em the real
You smiley a smiley by : justin biber :-)
what u mean
Drinking in Chinatown
just earned $35 from a lottery my parents won for me! : D
25 days till Vegas! Can't wait. Gonna be the best valentines day EVER!
west Hollywood
the things I would do to do something in order to do something else
You have no idea how much I do for you, and you don't even care.
Tonite is paranormal night. Ghost Hunters International, Ghost Adventures, Psychic Kids, etc. A little citron/diet 7 and some ghosties. Wee!
Never hate people who are jealous of u but respect their jealousy becuz theyr Da 1s who think ur better then them
I Got it on the way for u
If you wake up tired when you think about work -- why are you wasting your life?
We justed posted "Never Let You Go Part 1"!!!! Check it out you will love it!
y'all are so funny.
Learning about hashtags vs mentions
Happy Mothers Day ! <3 : ) To al the mommys .
Boggle is exciting BECAUSE of its constraints.
so, if you're smart, #MarkLogic is hiring. DM me. I can hook you up with other smart folks who will #blowyourmind and possibly hire u :)
At the 2012 Lincoln Douglass Dinner-Craig Engle as MC. Self described as the billy Crystal of DC pols.
event Lees- "Industry Night" -they have talent up n here & they r rockn the stage & goin n on d 1s&2s
My Uncle Sam let me have 20 of them that took off vertically.
i passed my certiport test with a 775 (: #HELLYEAH!
The new drink machine thingy at moe's >>>>>>>>>>
met a nice lady and her two dogs, one had a "mohawk" haircut..we exchanged business cards and she gave me great business tips
I have to give props to Del Park's poker room....
This jet lag is making me SUPER productive! Im now up+at it by 5AM!
My son finally likes history because he got some really good teachers.
Wild Wings watching The Fight !! Whoop Whoop !
up in the sky why'd u piss in my eye? I'm missing 1700 digital books either give them back or pay me
Of course! DM me when you're ready & we'll make a plan.
When you get that spark of inspiration go for it and follow it through to the end. Imagine and feel it becoming a success!
I accept ALL invitations to connect on LinkedIn (Open Networker, Lion) No IDK Please send invitations to
If ghosts can walk through walls and glide down stairs, why don't they fall through the floor?"
speak for yourself. I can't wait until I never have to hear about Aric Anderson again!
I think I'm going to start with the SF Marathon and work my way up from there. :)
Job description uploaded for Industrial Designer job at Samsung
I already followed your twitter and blogger.I can't follow your blogger yesterday,there sth wrong with it. Now I can follow
dude remember when we was at johns funeral and yuu.hugged me when I was crien? Idk what made me think about that but I miss you!!!
S/O to my lovely NFS
Who's going to Holiday Pops tonight?
that was a bullshit call by the refs... don't even worry about it. great game.
RT : we're any of those SL roadsters the one Granny May had? She had the 280... prettiest of all of them
Love summer. Can chill in the backyard, listening to the rain, stupid, mellow. Just me & 17 mill mosquitos
be safe! <3 miss you so much
Already made kids to do all sorts of sacrifice (no arts no play)for stdrdzd tests. this is how we train docile workers
yes!!! I remember that day! Good times!!
Let's Go
It's not till tomorrow, but everyone would like to wish a #HappyBirthday !
my instapaper account has become a giant closet, packed full and about to burst at the hinges. I am afraid to open it.
Gotta love yoga
yes sir!! Caroline Rich! Boom! :)
Nice win to start it off! Squids everyone pulling for you guys, keep the updates coming...and give Kevy bear a hug for me
Dammit! "The New Ideal Retirement Age: 67" - via
Afar is looking for photographers in Beirut, Lima and Tokyo! Email me at .
sup dude
are you going to Austin's concert
yes patients will have access to their data on PHR
RT Guy in FIN310 got offered job as broker firm to trade/help manage portfolios. In our game, his gain = -70%, classic.
We love Referrals! Do you know of a business in #ABQ #RioRancho #NM that could benefit from a promotion that costs nothing up-front? DM us!
You sir, made the right call today! RT : The days of summer are coming to an end. Off to while I still can.
They didn't matter then either ": I also miss the days when the Orange, Cotton, Sugar and Rose Bowls were only ones that mattered."
That's nice. Kidney stones are worse than birth or so I hear.
At #Georgetown to kick off #GEW 2011 with , , and colleague
what hair product do you tweet of? Hope it gives Kardashian hair, not Lavigne.
#HasToBe, The Best Monday I Have EVER Had :) .
CAN U PICK UP UR PHONE MAAM?
"Marvin Matters" "Test scores up 59 points" "Don't Punish Excellence" etc
I fucking hate babysitting>.<
*** New Opportunity *** Lead Tools Programmer - Germany Award winning studio requires and experienced lead tools programmer. Get in touch…
Are those cameras a bit or are they filming a new episode of Intervention?
Coolin' out uptown with the big homie , and DJ Precision.
#60Minutes I hope they will soon hold those at SEC and Lehman Brothers accountable for their wrong doings.
Netflix is down eek. I guess it means I'll get some work done.
#wewontwork if you don't like the music I listen too.
Bc's birthday surprise: dinner at !
Appt rite now wit my bby momma..ugh
& Movin' on to something better! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
G+ for iOS got all dressed up. Looks amazing.
and your fifteen minutes of fame, Mr. Anderson, is up... right about now.
Brewgrrs with the babe (:
Headed to Rodgers,Arkansas ..speaking steak house 6:30 pm
Betty White reminds us that we should get #publicity for things other than ourselves. What cause is important to you? Shine your spotlight.
Dude i kinda wish I had a certain girlfriend
Why does he have to be SO HOT every day of his life.
While you want link quality over sheer number of links, plenty of sites have found that getting many links can add up.
Wishing good luck to our son today attending, Ky #JrBeta Convention and competing in public speaking.
Thanks! Can't wait for you to be my office neighbor!
Dear Easter Bunny, while I don't believe in you, I was disappointed that you briefly allowed my bottomless mimosa to hit bottom.
Thanks for the RT, sweets! Happy Friday :) How are your new digs?
when are you coming to Houston. </3
“: no nigga meaning the two of you. not as in you as well! lol” No I'm not smart it's Too
looks like you have a tiny gold peepee
. hell yeah I would! Put me on the next #Soyuz scheduled. Or at least the next one after I'd have had sufficient training :)
Fine dining? No problem, we have your 4 course meal right here - $5 wine, salads, Skillet Cookies & grape bombs.
Later tonight, a special Valentine's Day episode of SAXAppeal!
The part that cleans your pet works just like I planned. It is very effective and the dogs think they are getting a massage. Stay tuned...
such scandal on the interwebz last night... who doesn't love a
we'd love to come out there! Seriously
#Android market comment for the new game CandySwipe FREE: "Fun fun fun... LG opt t" by Melissa
This makes me think of MacGruber Day and our own lil Miss Cleo. Remember? lol
high5s back @ you.
ha! exactly.
Some believe that's a spirit passing through you. ": I hate getting the chills”
Snark? It's perfect!
FML i haven't watched yet. that scares me :/
Two kids safely out of oral surgery--praise God and thank you for prayers. Milkshakes and painkillers party right now.
I believe in God's plan of Salvation through Christ Jesus!
now that shchool is over, i can FULLY focus on baseball (y)
My neighbor, who is wonderful, just made the mistake of asking me about the Premier League finale. He damn near got the whole league history
Sleep: How important is it, how much do you need, and can you sleep too much?
Love that the storm woke me up ;/
i woke up five minutes ago and ive sneezed ten times...
#SuperBowl Seems Brady may be in a little more pain after that one than Gronkowski.
Happy Birthday Jesus. Greatest Guy Ever... All the best to you and yours!
#BOYFRIEND video is gonna be crazy good, I need it now!
I'm happy about it too!
RT : ok, that's it. I'm totally getting that tomorrow - I'll do my best to save you one. thanks.
Their loss for sure! Interested to see where you'll land. Best of luck!
Waiting for my daughter who's rehearsing role of 'Patrice' in "13 The Musical" in #sandiego while it is
:( I've come to like it in spite of myself, but only for the theatricality of Eartha Kitt...
Thanks for rockin' the house tonight at our #CS6 Launch! Lots of great info and happy clients. Cheers!
looks awesome!!
awww happy anniversary!! Love you guys!
It's time for this country to rebuild itself.
When a man talks dirty to a woman, it's sexual harassment. When a woman talks dirty to a man, it's $3.95 a minute.
whenever I see Andy Garcia in a movie, I always think you should have played his part instead.
Is it just me or was The Fray created to provide the backing tracks to the montage scenes on the finest shows the CW has to offer?
Looks like the first big spring thunderstorm is on its way #mdweather. No need to rush out of ; stay awhile!
So as I was saying about Hamilton after his second homer...
it's there!
Country Musicians including Brad Paisley, The Band Perry, Scotty McCreery performing live in MI on Jan 12th. Call for tickets: 888-493-0004
My left knee is still in pain
amazing vid my dudeness but I'm really having trouble looking u in the eyes as you sing lol just to dang sexy and to much
lmao........ there's always facebook
Good win for the Thunder. Now on to the next one. Get home court advantage and win Game 2!
Off to usher for Christmas Carol at the Alley Theater. Always gets me in the mood for the holidays.
Wow! I have over 100 Likes! What a great way to start my day! Thanks and welcome to my universe! :-)
No huge roadblocks from the city means, we are keeping up with our crazy tight timeline. Next we hear if the building's structurally sound.
...LOOK for the UNEXPECTED & AMAZING!!! As ALWAYS..." LIVE LIFE" so well, that even DEATH loves to see you "EXIST"!!!
We will be open all weekend in case you need an errand done or need something picked up or delivered.
All black leather chucks #taylor'd
I am like ranting right now. Lol
If dogs could talk it would just be awkward.
Peer-review in the Digital Humanities is necessarily not a post-mortem
cavity? Remember when we didn't have a cavity dad would take us all to the movies and we could get popcorn? cc
Free treat for mom on Mother's Day! visit Pinkberry NOLA or Mandeville w/ur family, get a free small w/purchase of equal or greater value!
: OMG, I'm a Sconnie from way back & you nailed it, except where's the Friday Fish Fry w/buttered rye bread?
and there making another one cuz of what happen at the end of the movie YouTube it
If eel ashamed about how long it's been since I've tweeted.
Happy birthday (:
it probably hadn't converted to HTML5 yet :)
movie, The Town, forces u 2 watch 15 min preview. Super annoying.
Next season Addison is pregnant by jake mark my words
But it is so worth it!
#AskSiva When will you come to Arizona ??
The head engineer is being paid $12 an hr to this day! Fuck #Paramount they charge clients $1200 a day and pay engineers $12 an hr
RT us to spread the word about AFFORDABLE therapy in #Denver!!! www.denverfamilyinstitute.org
Well, hello cold and rain. We've been expecting you.
Gah, #Florenceandthemachine's track for #SnowWhiteandTheHuntsman is more than bomb
I need 8 x
I have 3 and a 1/2 friends....how do you confuse them all?
if you're into sports, you should spend this #ff following the hottest chick in sports since -
Hostess is filing for bankruptcy?? Somewhere Little Debbie is holding her basket with a smile
10 minutes left and I never have to listen to environmental science lectures again. Might call for some #whacking off to celebrate!
Stacheford !!!! RT : oh man that was awesome
Action always generates inspiration. Inspiration seldom generates action.
SON OF A BITCH. I was ready to go to bed.
awesome. looking forward to it!
Dubix Records is looking for a Lyrical marketable artist who has STRONG content. send submissions to
uh austin said whatever and then he said bye
How is a judge like an English teacher?They both hand out long sentences.
Luv democrats but politicians talk too much
follow me pleasee im ur biggest fan and ive been with you since day 1
Still. In the office SURPRISE! But just heard our new enterprise Mac architect will be working with me....
OK. Problem *seems* solved. Repaired permissions, ran sumo, rebooted, cleared all caches, and finally narrowed prob to ONE document. Sigh.
They certainly do. But their game and style of play at least makes the unis an afterthought.
#wmnldrs audience votes 70% say women leaders require an additonal quality to be considered successful
Here is today's clue for our Santorini Sweepstakes: The winner lives near water! Like this status if you still have a chance!
Children don't need your presents, They need your presence
It's one of those days where no amount of caffeine will help bring me back to life. I need a sleep vacation.
Capt Tom Carpenter from SLDN here at rehaersal sharing info on the struggles of gays in the military.
If you love baseball in its purest form; how can you not love seeing Chipper Jones hit game winner in extra innings.
Zac Efron Gets Dirty Filming 'Paperboy' With Matthew McConaughey
I know, I saw some LRG tank tops in Macy's and started dyin' laughin' Mrs. Polk gave me the o_O...
I'm back! Better than ever
Made it through McCarran security without getting felt up. I feel jipped somehow.
its #free samples so you cant beat it...lol
We will offer a one day only special in honor of of the Dr. Martin Luther King Holiday! Check back for details!
Frisco, Colorado is seeing light snow and drizzle, but its been snowing much harder up high!
I wasn't here to read Taylors first tweet, but I'll be here to read her last tweet.
Hi, this is Jessica w/ regarding the manufacturing facility. Please contact me at Thanks:)
1,700 people came thru today and heard the gospel, went hard 4 Christ and did it big in Orlando! JESUS!!!!!
Somehow, someway, they forgot about me
20 minute warning! RT : Can't wait for Sherlock tonight on !
Thanks again! You were wonderful!
I got to get me some goddess braids but in a way that I haven't seen
Thanks for the follow guys! Be down there soon.
If some1 sends U a link that claims 2 say anything about U... DON'T click on the link or put in your password. It will hack U.
It smells like #fullsail. Good #oldtimes with
yessir .. your avi just killed me though
Remember every situation has a bright side .. It just depends on your attitude and how you look at a situation
LOVE English muffins!! :) yumyum
Enjoying the still of the night...
Still great to be watching and caring about NY basketball.
for the bomb!!!! Overtime
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection. Buddha
omg I know! That face is just PERFFFFFF.<3
Needed a Python dxf parser earlier in the week. Surprised there wasn't more out there. Rolled my own - easier than I thought for polygons.
Good morning twittheads!
Fashoo, love you too!
hanging with Red :)
My sister wants to go to Wal-Mart.. Today of all days. Ha! It's not last minute for us though since we aren't having Christmas until my
Some day love will find you, break the chains that bind you.
havent been on twitter in awhile and this new layout is confusing me lol!
Things that distract me while packing: guitar tabs and seeing if I remember the few chords I learned (I do!). Need to restring my guitar...
Sign me up for Spring Break!
were working on our dream job. It will come.
yes you are ;)
whoa...I am too hype.. found my outfit for the album photo shoot... now some ill shoes..
James Harrison back at practice today, who didn't see that coming
New Sexual Harassment courses being released today by
Laundry is so much more fun and interesting when you're drinking rum :) Prepping for a long, fun week
i enjoyed this evening with you:) good times forsure!
Have you been keeping up with our updates on the cool vendors we'll have at #CraftinCarnival?
damn some cheese cake sounds really good right about now
watching girls softball on mute
foodsmart has great stuff for your barbeques, daily walks, trip to the office and for nice dinners. Enjoy all the new stuff we are bringing!
This tea is amazing.
The consciousness behind skynet? RT : I think 's twitter feed has become self-aware
Definitely since I can't go!!! Tell him I love him too and he should have a concert in Washington.
Please help us in welcoming new #smchi pro member of ! Welcome John! cc
:-) I appreciate you!
Had a great day with the best friend Cassie...so blessed to have such great friends!
nah man i didnt know church was on monday lulz
Exciting times for #ssjcpl: kick-off meetings today for both new self-check configurations and with OverDrive!
thanks for the shout out and nice use of parentheses!
.ROADS WILL BECOME SNOW COVERED AND SLIPPERY OVER NIGHT DRIVE SAFE.
Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
Watching #Chronicles! These dudes need their ass kicked!
well, remember when we were eating those dates???
It was me.
In French 3 and wish I actually knew French..
If yall don't know bout the Russian Baths you better ask somebody and find out!
It's a useful statistical term, but otherwise overrated and overused.
Ah trix cereal for breakfast <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I really enjoy running stairs in my house it gets me in good shape. Plus its safer. #NoStrayDogs lol
Thank you for featuring my blog post!
Seriously. You all need to pay that man. The Most valuable guy to his team's success = Drew Bree$
thanks4 the followback! if you need sharpening, scissors or fresh products call text or tweet me! i got the goodness :) - Pete
We are all travelers in the wilderness of this world, and the best that we can find in our travels is an honest friend.
Today was interval runs. 1200, 1000, 800, 600, 400, 200 :04/mile. All this on the dreaded mill. Can't wait for spring.
and David halberstam wrote the forward.
Hannah Dickstrong, her dick stretches into next week!
So - see you around 5? The weather seems to be temporarily cooperating.
Most women look for a man they can live with, but I want a man I can't live without.
At church wanting to go home...
Post Bone Fish Grill Food Coma
remember when that lady came last year and did all those crazy things??
Does anyone ever send you a proposal in a FedEx envelope? If so, do you just trash it? Random question but would love to hear...
only 7 more months till
- Michele Bachmann's photo says it all. Crazy is as crazy does
We have been out of the loop but we are back on it!!! Stop down at our North Ave location and try our new Gouda apple sausage!
lmao can I come? I'll bring a piñata
Thank you for all the RTs and support!
JavaScript Olympics Tip #2: You should be able to select every tenth matching element.
Currently playing bocce ball at a bar in downtown Oakland.
This UK team is mean tonight. 3's all night!
Need Sponsors for celebrity black tie event bring inspratn hope financial support families affected cancer help
We just finished the new epi, ncaa championship discussion and masters preview, as well as AMC's The Killing review. Download on iTunes now!
#PhDStudentPanel: Libraries should give 'Metaworkshops' on PDF organizational software. What's being used in my field?
Congrats, Kate! Exciting news :-)
It's pretty crazy that the Superdome has only hosted 5 Final Fours, but they are all memorable. 1982, 87, 93, 03, 12.
The second season of Shameless thus far just doesn't have the same story gripping feel as the first season. It's early still.
By the way, I'm listed as mostly alright on Klouchebag. :) sweet!
Every time I read a press release quoting Rexam CEO Graham Chipchase, I start craving Toll House cookies.
You're looking good Roger! It was nice to see you, your peeps in SA miss you!
From 12 noon today to 12 noon Feb 9, purchase tickets to two select Conservatory concerts & Receive 15% Off! Call 414/276-5760 for details.
Here we go ready to attack Thursday, several meetings and more MusicMaster.
all i hear is bad boy this and bad boy that....keep up the hustle its inspiring.....
After 10 days, 7 States, 3 days at #SLA12, 3 days of mtn biking and 3,693 miles, I finally made it back to KC. Back to the grind!
All of my friends' MapMyRun maps are looking more and more like crop circles. So that's at least one X-File we can close.
Want to boost email open rates? Experiment with early mornings, early evenings and weekends. Except on Super Bowl Sunday. :)
thanks so much for the follow...if u can't sleep please consider our groupon for great savings on a new mattress!
Just looked at Tumblr. Inspired me to restart mine!
glad you are excited!
MindTap imports library content, tracks use & links to student achievement. Demonstrates library's role in student success
those parking garages are a disaster...need a GPS just to get out...ugh..
I see you spring time! What are your favorite spring activities?
RT : Facebook phones? Watch out, Google
No problem! Maybe there's a California trend going on :)
Wow, THE HUNGER GAMES sure sucked. For a dystopia violence sure is unintentionally detached from trauma, even more so than in the book.
Appointments are available for Healing and Life Counseling. or daily: 615.719.0904
nice pic! Miss y'all!
Continuing through IN, KY, OH 4 the BE PREPARED AMERICA 2011 US TOUR! Be ready for major disasters, America, wherever in this land you live!
THAT IS HOW YOU START IT.
Great turnout for screening of Bag It hosted by Green Wheaton!
thanks dude!
Congrats! Good luck :)
Disneyland is the greatest place in the world. Not coming home.
#cvcouncil Public comment: cmty needs to be engaged. Find ur champions to help share info and build identity from cmty up
Forgot how absurd the #Maury show is.
Sitting next to ? RT : About to go listen to Jay Wright, Mike Dunlap and Jerry Krause speak at the NABC clinic.
tY HAPPY EASTER TO YOU!!
Wedding planning is soo much fun!
And the politicians blame the Public Safety workers pensions for the world's financial problems.
this is good. very good.
Just kidding. Guess Bart's not really dead.
Raw Nerve is on Netflix Streaming! I am home after surgery, on pain pills...my life is complete
Dang its 1 but it feels like its 8am im so tired
First weekend off... Lollapalooza.second weekend off... Recording... Damn I love my life
very nice
You're a stupid hoe for making Stupid Hoe
cant wait for the shopping event! a full week of shopping!
Turn that thumb upside, plumb!
Life's a reasonably good play with a horribly written third act.
but the #PR grind missed you so much!
in other words, why not just say, "he said something homophobic, sexist, and ageist" and leave it at that?
#cody what's one of the best places you've been on tour so far?
at the Zeidler Municipal Building, 841 N Broadway St (directly next to/east of City Hall) in room 102.
If you bite my lip or neck, you better start taking your fucking clothes off.
(jen) Looking for a sketch-style production animator for a new project. DM me for info re illustration style.
It's been awhile since I saw specific #designer #fashion in my dreams -- thanks and
Interim candidate - John Elway
He was inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1984
thanks John. I enjoyed The Hitchhiking. Nice premise.
also appreciate the RTs
lol i thot it was fine :P
If only I could fast forward time and then rewind it back when I want too.....
Waking up to playing fifa and screaming at the top of his lungs is never a good thing. -__-
Maybe we could just start calling drinks made with whole milk "chubby".
A5 Mastery is the result of Passion
Hoping Tyler Myers is ok!
Today is Sunday 8) yesterday was Saturday 8) tomorrow is Monday 8( and in and in 5 days it will be Friday 8) & 8(
Since it was the seniors last day of school on Friday I told Georgia about how I think he's an angel and I had a dream about him:b
Happy Friday! Empowering others doesn't take a break on the weekends. No better time to volunteer like the present. What are you doing?
She falls asleep so early every night lol
Goodnight people! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> good luck on the ACT tomorrow :) <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D>
Happy Monday! Did anyone take their goods out to the fields this weekend?
Haha. Those shirts were so funny.
Fuck they got it back on >:/
When I find something I love, I gotta know everything about it...Intelligence + Knowledge will take u places!
excellent comparison RT : Josh Hamilton is this generations Mickey Mantle
Al Davis died 82 years old
Great to e-meet you & thanks for the welcome!
.... how about a cash deal for a real JJ fan :D
It's time.... I know it. Time to kiss the world all over again ! ;)
i got your cider
Being near the ocean reminds me that we are on a planet. Rock me.
Incase you're wondering we did want you there and we weren't going to ditch you!
And just like that Matt Ryan 31 yard touchdown to Jasquizz Rodgers! #Falcons trail Cam Newton and the Panthers 17-23
good gen. eval tonight. We always need somebody tracking the time:)
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 42
Make it or Break it <3
were in the same boat but we gonna work on it
Wishing a happy 1st day on set. Break a leg, good lookin'! cc:
So...I wonder who is in the pick up basketball game with PORTUS this weekend at Camp David?
If you're more worried about what you're wearing to a music festival than who you're seeing, you're doing it wrong.
Supper AND Playhouse tnt. Arab/Belgium double dare me??
Just set my phone in my bowl of oatmeal, debated whether or not to lick the phone. I'm not sharing what the outcome was.
3 Steps to Succeed
Quick poll: have you/will ever read a book on your computer/laptop?
hahaha is it the only one that works??
18 days left of school.
HOLY F*CK......I'm about to die. 09.8 seconds left. GAME TIED. OMG
you make it rain!!!
ha poor niall..(: but yeah and are super close!!
. If we're talking bout edgy (sometimes controversial). Tara King. Andrew Smith. Adam Rapp. A.S. King.
I signed up for Twitter to get away from corporate America....aka the bosses on Facebook
this nigga gone say "im cool as the fuck" im like what fuck? -_-
You like to hip roll and dougie and all that other shit
All of it! But we're in Manhattan. But hey, we can wherever… ;-)
you still gotta get with ya Purple Patna big homie
Trivia : Zebediah Springfield looks exactly the same as Wild Bill Hikock.
i only got 4 minutes 2 say wat i gotta say
feels so good to be home
"If only" is all we can say now that someone won the Mega Millions..... next time!
Oh man. Sorry I kaboosed that pic so bad.
Just announced: Teresa A. Sullivan is the new President of UVA -- first female president we've had.
Wis. Democratic state Sen. Tim Cullen: "I came to Madison as a centrist and I discovered there was no center."
Our state isn't functioning because our governor is a tool.
Good luck on your first day !
I am trying to make songs but I can't!I am trying to write one but its to difficult.
Do not tell people your problems: 20% don't care, 80% are happy you have them.
Shopping & Lunch with
Why is it that I always look good the days I don't go to school.
Thanks i played it
you look like a puppy in yo pictcha <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
thanks for the shoutout!
Can we all just throw in and buy a place at the beach? Please?
I'm too uptight
Bought my warped tour tickets! Woo!
the hotness part was totally geared towards you! And glad you still got it :)
i've been waiting to get this started.
Lol the new clip
Brodus Clay's momma = more air time than Bryan/Shaemus
Never a failure, always a lesson.
It'll be good to have you back, bud!
Well where have you been!?
thanks! i didnt do the makeup, i had a friend do it. I also took off her eyebrows, its all the rage. Care to join vero hehe j/k
hopefully he turns it around and soon. I think people have been very patient with him.
it's in #Montreal .... Make it happen! Ps I love snoopy.
You know rocks out with her socks out, she Skipped her birthday party last year to play Halo Reach with us!
Well looks like I'm up
I appreciate the return follow! To good health! :-)
Yeah I tried, but since I'm missing the mount, it was kind of hard!
Its fun being in the same decade with you! ~the Garage to the Lounge
We can't wait for Best Restaurants Party tonight!!
thanks i just need20 more then i get to 100 then 200 and so on so please follow me kk love ya all bye
cool!! thanks so much! i have sony vegas but im still trying to figure out how to use it >.< lol
“: BREAKING: Fox News Wins Pulitzer for Fiction”
oh i didnt know that, thanks. Ill be sure to watch it. (:
what y?
Jammin out to "walk away". That song can NOt get old!!
True, if they are cheaters themselves. Like you said earlier, more non-cheating women give another chance.
no way! weak.
I've been getting quite a few 502 errors there too. I use Chrome, but when I tried it in Firefox it was all good.
Y'all shudd tweet me(:
This is such a great question. Maybe we start with "citizen creativity"?
Had a great 7 mile run...anyone else running Chicago marathon?
pony keg? nifty
happy to see that u got out of wwe. Any chance you'll get into acting?
Better cross-check their MySpace account RT : I just replied to someone who has an AOL e-mail address. I hope it's a real person.
But there's a NGO called MAG that clears the ordinances. We visited their museum in Vientiane.
Romney now claims he was in gay marriage while CEO of Bain
thanks for the follow :) and rad bio, waynes world!
What you BECOME is determined by what you OVERCOME ~ Bishop Dale C. Bronner
Hey girl!
The other member said the member who was in jail was all about having sex w/ dudes while he was in jail lol.
Love my outfit today for some reason.
It isn't that simple Jose.
When you're too grown you gotta give up the little boy mentality.
I don't know about you, but after waiting for an hour on the highway, unable to move, I kind of want to see some damage.
"...and as always in parting, we wish you love, peace...and soul"
RT : Love that sequencing will no longer be a constraint to setting up experiences
RT : St. Patrick drove all the snakes out of Ireland. If he’d been in Hollywood, there’d be no agents left. ---- Priceless!
Haha nicee (x ": just kidding I learn that in 21 jump street :)"
how do you sit on that stuff? RT : ... I loved Tiny Furniture.
Riding with my uncle bring back so many memories back in the Mississippi days
Congrats to ! I told you that you did great!
THE FELLAS OUT GETTIN IT AS USUAL
Nite Nite Love U Hooligans and too! <U+2665>
Just ordered shirt, sweats and hat
hey Nia keeps asking for you.
i do to ugh
John, thanks for the RT! Cheers.
A company’s brand raises a consumers interest, achieve loyalty and remain competitive by focus on brand enhancement through the web 2.0.
“: #grannyquotes "WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE, WITH YOUR SUNGLASSES AND PIMP CANE?!" "Grandma please, he's blind..."”
sweet! When and where? I was all-sec in that game in 2002
Hey did you know it's our 95th Anniversary this year? Know of any other Des Moines businesses that have been around since 1917?
looks cool.
idk either! I think I am
so either go to a wegmans in 315 or tell them you're from there.
Thank you!!! Most of our pieces are one of a kind. We are happy to keep an eye out for you. About what size?
And on cue.... RT Under four minutes to play, now is the time for terrible NCAA officiating to rise to the occasion.
I'm going to have to try watching Melancholia again when I need to cure a bout of insomnia.
RT : Wicked and delightful presentation by Gregory Maguire. Wicked years cool! Reading is one of the places we go to find...
Just ate three ham sandwiches
Go to www.watchnhllive.com for all the NHL games live online just register and enjoy the games
Thanks Al Lesar & for great article about and her fight against #Alzheimer's. Hope to see u at Linebacker tonight!
Me and and the rest of our school get out an hour early because of a bomb threat
Was a busy day unpacking at the house in Stryker.
I remembered the dogs were due at when I was already almost all the way to the office.
weird my phone must be broken I didn't get any pics
I keep forgetting that is right down the road from us, dangit now I'm craving fractured prune...
People don't plan to fail... They fail to plan...
Just saw a live Comedy Sports performance...I kinda thought I might have grown out of it, but improvisational comedy is funny at any age.
Project Tomorrow is being honored by Microsoft at their South Coast Plaza store opening
Best dinner ever :)
Chris Webber commentating <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>..... He dam near worse than Reggie miller
One min they love u the next they hate you and the crazy part is they put it on twitter and facebook lol
My essay talks about the obstacles to motherhood Madonna & I faced. Discusses how IVF made me question wanting children.
Jelly beans with balls on them.
Smoke Ya Later
what is this i don't even
Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything. – W. Clement Stone
#RT Drivn Apparel's "Damn Near Free Contest", begins again 1/25/2010. Answer ?'s & Win $$$.
Please send me the info. Not sure yet how June will shape up. How are YOU?
I Can't Wait To Find Out!!(:
RDVOers you may want to follow:
good luck to ya!
My mom's cousin Susie died today. God rest her soul.
I'm learning to like rain just alittle :-)
Thank you to everyone that stopped by and saw us at the Home &Garden Show we had a great time. Hope you got some great ideas!
"Don't Judge" By NASTIEST SONG ON THA MIXTAPE O_O
you can count on me like 1,2,3 I'll be there! #oursong :D
this is true!
RT : We up pack nation...
Answering own question: A compelling interest (that negates privacy rights of any individual) permits suspicionless searches.
Don't go!
please follow me back? I saw yuhr rapping in sabrinas video it was amazing! Big Fan!<3
Stay tuned. What goes up must come down. The reformers are coming...
i swear dirk might have a slight edge over kobe on the fader shot.
I thought it was "spread dem cheeks" .. "bring dat a$$"
Vogelsong agrees, walks him on a 3-2 pitch; the problem there is now Ryan's gotta deal with Troy Tulowitzki
I am - I have an extra ticket if you want it! My boss was supposed to join but had something come up.
doan isn't gonna get suspended
So excited to work w at ! Comedy relief in all tough sitches, covered!
WE IS
Stuffed Grape leaves so far are the only asset to
lol not the rev..!!!
complete lineup in 54 minutes, y'all!
You are only worth what you think you are worth.
yes! That's why we're here. We lost power too.
Missin CA already. Must go back soon... In other news, the Dippin Dots knockoff at Galleria & Cinnabon did somethin for my tastebuds.Bomb.
the yankees are a metaphor for moment by moment excess.
Niggas more concerned with the HEAT losing then getting their own W's! GTF off our d*** and worry bout your sh**!
Why won't you find something to do so you won't be bored ? (:
: I wish you could come tonight!
awww thank u so much :))) so many people have told me that !!!
from a Mac formatted external to a PC formatted external. The ONLY way I know I can do it now is via flash memory.
The purple and orange sharpies I found in my desk just made my day! Yay for color!
that's valadictorian material right there <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Happy Milwaukee Day!! Celebrate the 414 today with us....special 45 minute facial for $55.00 today only!!
omg you should make one c:
Want to get some new apps, that r free. What's the hot new apps out there?
We will be serving our Friends at Cornerstone at Polk Place in Greenwood today 11am -12:30pm...drop by and get a fabulous hot dog...
don't love me... she judges me harshly.
would be nice but we signed Bennett and can get a TE later
Yeah, but we'll still be smiling as their batteries drain away... :)
I love working with cool people. just brought me some sweet old local albums. I'm ripping them immediately
Everything should be as simple as it can be, but not simpler. -Albert Einstein
asks the question of how digital humanities can be most inclusive and involve newbies
Another day of cassette copying. Will be craving Mexican food shortly due to the days topic.
This is how I pictured my adult hip-hop experience. Chillin' on Sunday with my daughter enjoying music together. Thanks,
From the Quirky Stats Department: Stricker cut streak ends at 49 today. Axford enters game for #Brewers with 49 straight saves...
Everyone going 2 hurt you so choose who you will suffer for.Bob Marley / loren Terra
I'm originally from San Diego, so sad to hear this. :(
Who wins in a shooting contest right now? You or He has been talking about crushing people.
no worries! we're just collecting stories right now for when they're ready to do something :)
I just made love to a bumpalicious cupcake.
grading 30 papers by 8am. ready, go!
R u gonna kick tomorrow?
wrestling gyms, bad colds, and more at www.susanefine.com
gotta say I can't wait for IIHF worlds to start w rosters full of NHL stars these games might be more intersting than NHL games this yr
Navigating the nightmare of new licenses and car registrations in CA. E!!
is coming by today to take some photos. going to be a lot of fun.
I better not be sick for Chicago. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7> 8DAYS!! holler.
WE ONLY HAVE IT ICED!
let's talk RT : are you capable of providing us with clients. Commission negotiable!?
Thank you so much for your support.
Some of us were freshmen in college in '94.
Porcelain tiles come in plain, rough and polished finish and are highly stain resistant and strong.
I could use some sort of getaway
Shxt always happen b4 my bday ugh.
I'm slightly obsessed with Barry's Bootcamp
so much needed.
<--- change your username. Its a lie. You are not perfect. YOU ARE FAR FROM PERFECT.
So sorry to anyone who got that awful spam from me. I got hacked. :P
ROUGH few years (medically & financially)... Hard to keep my chin up... I'll accept donations (including large ones). Ha... :(
"The Brunchary" with Rebekah - Monday morning at its best!
No no no no technically the ceiling because where in your room Duhh ^.<
Hilarious? We don't know the meaning of that word. Is that Latin? RT : #FF : because the tweets are hilarious.
Listening to speak about social media ROI
Thank you!! Although I'm considering changing it to #CiteYoSources because it's less characters.
“ “ Laughter & Love are pricelss gifts, So live with passion - laugh & love as much as you breathe!””
$Z Had +/- 32M uniques in March, 13M working w/ agents? Doubtful. 19M Looking at Zestimates, crying due 2 underwater
Email it to us so it will be easy to find later when we look through all entrys! :) good luck! :)
I like using at this level. If I was looking to better engage a larger # of followers, I'd look into
im sure Glengarry Glenross and Fight Club must have some. Sorry I can't be specific! Good luck
hey there - i won't be at the mtg but at our dc office if you're planning a visit.
Can't believe Wade missed a fucking lay up.
kidding. He is saying he is in the air force
walking dead!!!!!
WHAT THE FUCK ?!
maybe if you'd just follow mee.....
Hi Steve! It's Kimberly King from CBS 8/KFMB-TV. We'd love 2 play ur music on our AM Show for bump ins. Need ur OK!
RT : Should not have attempted to drown my anxieties in pizza // fat chance that'd work... never does for me
My life?
that's about right. He may have also stopped by his ex-wife's house just to whip out his balls.
how are you in this cold night.
Check us out for our octoberfest discounts. www.musicalstop.com
im in love with your twitter background
A women with no expression is a women that can't love!
Oh yeah! Triple H will shows those bowzo's whats up!
i love you
oh we have only gotten like 2
no wats wrong
I wouldn't leave him near meat department....... RT ": Would it be weird to take the #Chorizo into Metro Market with me?"
Wonderful birthday weekend! Hate to be back at work today :-(
I hate when old people message me on Facebook , like GTFO .
Thanks! RT : southern comfort burger (pimento cheese, frd grn tomato) awesome! Great burgers!
lol I'm cool with that
I was ready in February!! LOL
school picture = Fail
Breast feeding in public--yes it's natural, but so is pooping.
no tv or internet at my house
Can u buy ur ticket at the door
Great Southern Bancorp, Inc. Reports Preliminary First Quarter Earnings of $0.54 Per Diluted Common Share
Margaritas anyone? :)
Can't wait till I'm back in la for good! :-)
if you are ever in Phoenix look us up, Rollin Knights MC always drama free.
good games, you wont be so lucky if we play again
Taking b-roll in Times Square today.
I've got the "turning beer into pee" routine perfected. Now if I can figure out how to reverse the process then I'll be rich!
I got 4g at Costco
AND comes in early ;)
Are people recieving Tweets I'm trying to send on here tonight?
Thank you Rachel. John is right, you do speak with the twitter world. Take care and, as always, I'll listen to you tomorrow.
probably a good thing you're watching that and not your team right now. The Hoosiers are dominating at the half.
they're fantastic.
Don't miss out! Up to $100 off camp tuition until April 15th! Use promo code:GAMETIME12 Your competition is training are you keeping up?
For sure!
I get so jealous over guys on my girl
So glad my children are big! Oh I cnt do babies!
#deepthoughts RT : There's no need to sharpen my pencils anymore; my pencils are sharp enough. Even dull ones will make a mark
Big thanks to everybody who made this week so awesome! Drive safe going back home! Look forward to the Fall rally! SMILE BIG!
shiiid.. Mane ima keep playin wit yal fa a lil while but not fa too long especially if he askin fa money like now
Find God's Grace In Every Mistake . And Always Give More Than You Take <#
only the learning commons is open after 11pm.... I'm trapped lol but thanks for the suggestion
“When I was a kid I inhaled frequently. That was the point.” Barack Obama
can i get a ryan julius update at venetian FT? anyone??!?!
Not only did the Giants win but I got to spend it with :)
Hey did u get our answer about the IPAD 3 Competition video post location?
Are you passionate about technology, business, and design? Do you get excited when you see how Apple has converged the three? Yes? Ping me!
Working on Chapter 15 of the prequel to my Tartarus Trilogy and editing Chapter 5 of my space opera.
I don't give a fuck if it's your birthday.
always man, sounding good!
I wanna go skydiving one day.
Very upset about this. Don't know what I'll do without Ruben Toro on Sat. nights.
yeen makin NO noise!!
Yes!! Fast recovery sweetheart RT "Can't wait to get off crutches. I need to get back on the ice. are both join!"
Big Saturday Night plans? Start your night off at Grazie! 305.673.1312 for reservations.
good bye
You can create a lively terrace where you could enjoy having a useful terrace garden with different plants
Your movies make life better! Best wishes to you for 2012!
WHAT why? :O What do you want me to do to the teacher ?
I dunno. I kinda want to forget these last couple of weeks lol
it dont love you
A lie has speed but the truth has endurance.
i used to like the jazz lmao. Until they got trashed
hell yeeeee bo c:
the really great make you believe that you too can become great.-- Mark Twain
Celebrating Texas getting wasted and St. Patty's, <3 Ally
anxiously awaiting the new AP Poll to come through..... where will #mubb be this week?!
SO excited to start reading Pandemonium by Lauren Oliver. Happy #LeapDay to me.
"That's what." - She
THUR 9/17 Dinner Soup Special:Black Bean Soup with Lime Sour Cream & Shaved Chives
I just clicked on s link n got "oh no-u broke the internet ...page not found " LOL wtf that's a new one...
lmao I'm dunn fuccn wit u. I had to do it tho
MERRY CHRISTMAS TO EVERY1 N MY FAM!!!!
My new storage unit cleaned and put together. It is awesome, now to clear art table and fill! Also, rubber stamp club meeting tonight! fun
I walk into the room... dripping in gold.
who do you love? what are you doing about it?
Pitchfork Music Fest in July and Deadmau5 in October. . . this year looks amazing to me!
Nice trick with the fewer emails option.
I definitely eat - just be patient :) It made my week once when I found half a Lansky's knish abandoned!
Whenever I see a girl posting about how ugly she thinks she is, I always feel like she's doing it for attention.
In a room full of 500 people at #adec12 I have happened to be sit right behind who is also tweeting. Hi Lizzy!
I'm very hungry
Crazy bitch on steve wilkos show -.-
no thanks.
I play better golf than picking holders!
monopolies are not having other options. Google is just the best option, for everything.
thanks for helping me put on such a great event! #Cuban #Barrio food was out of this world!!
It is with true love as it is with ghosts; everyone talks about it, but few have seen it.
What is the most breathless thing on television ? The Pink Panter Show !
Awesome base-running, Zim. This guy knows how to make a game exciting.
Thanks for the follow, Michael Love the tree lights in your pic.
wtf what is this.
On set working w/crunch Fitness...Training this clown
Why yes...yes you could.
Thanks for RT ... it's National Volunteer Week, April 15 - 20, time to thank and celebrate your volunteers.
I'll invite your boy elijah (;
Anyone else in #centralpark???
Just read that pizza hut has hot dog stuffed crust. That sounds disgusting
twitter...the only time when following someone is appropriate...unless you're like special ops or something..I'm staying out of that one...
About to watch my Metallica DVD with angel !! :)
commercial for the Bachelor & this is how my fam reacts: "They should all be shot." "I'm gonna start a petition to get it off TV!"
doesn't surprise me. Haha but the fact that most of those fags even have the money to buy it shocks me. Swag doesn't pay bills.
sry dude! I think it's always on! And I should def strap a 9 under my Board.... Good call. Ha
Lucky.. mom can't seem to manage me a bag of Hot Cheetos.
is too bomb A'f<3
Life is an incurable disease. ABRAHAM COWLEY, To Dr. Scarborough
I seriously need my own fucking car.
thx so much bro!!!
Can I send you a grocery list? We need food and I'm too busy to go. ;)
Im hopeful with the optimism coming from #Braun but really interested to hear an explanation about the synthetic testosterone.
#HYFR is a stupid term
allie.daisy.lee
Morning Alex!
Looking to meet people in music & art therapy for a writing project. If you know some one please message me....thanks
VISIT OUR WEBSITE FOR NEW CONTEST! #<U+2752>Single <U+2752>Taken
I haven't read that one but its been on my radar since the Orange Prize. Thanks for the rec!
Don't waste your time if you just tryna make me jealous... Cause truth is I really don't care about you anymore :)
#salute I can hear you now
#freeseanpayton ??? You're rich and off work for a year. sounds free to me...
#Seahawks talk with tonight, plus get the #Bengals take on the Jennings trade with 930p 11p on KONG 6/16
If everyone was dead on the inside imagine how alive everyone would be!
MT : Congrats to local #ROC cupcake shop , soon to be contestant on #CupcakeWars on Feb 19th!
thanks for the follow. We're lining up some great content to share once we get our sea legs.
at least Anthony knows how to spell. Love dudes who rip this guy and look like idiots at the same time. Wait....
#imagine Austin:so tonight i'll sleep with my headphones on listenin to that song that reminds me of you:) *kisses you* -anna
You can't look up the correct spelling of a word in the dictionary because you don't know how to spell it.
tee hee! <U+272A> i like liking things and peeps
no worries, still a sad story.
man, this brother can preach.....
Uhh, sure. Why not?
Nice chilly September day, perfect for some amazing Italian food!
LIFE WOULD BE BETTER if we had no bills lol
not all guys r gross.
When #oomf be singing to me >>>>>
I love Tangled.
A low of 32 tomorrow? Wow.
John been on Blake all night!
I must be cynical to see these as virtually the same things ;), but I get ur point. Better 2 have visitor investment
your at the bottom lounge too?
“: don't murder people...it's just way too hard to cover up ...waaayyyy...”
thanks. that is a useful fact!
I Believe I Can Fly reminds me of ice age hhahaha
where you moving? you can dm me if you want to remain incog...! lol
Sweet Jesus! I'm on pins and Sharon Needles!
Very much want to read but link is to Quora that requires I create an account? is that right? Thanks for your leads and ideas.
RT : Nothing is more important than reconnecting with your bliss. Deepak Chopra
sorry and I'm hot too I'm turned on my ac :)
Hi ariana <333 :D i adore and love you!! i hope you see me, make me happyy by tweeting me back(: ?
I like the Brewers so :)
I hate when u explain how to do something basically hold their hand thru it and they still mess it up!!
RADIO MEMPHIS has LAUNCHED! We packed the house at Neil's Music Room on Madison last nite!!! The revolution has begun! www.radio-memphis.com
I mish fish
I'm sorry.
With , Watching a guy in Army BDUs, on a bike, carrying coffee, with a broken foot in a medical boot. Seems like a poor decision.
I want one of those silent nights in my house in the Hollywood Hills
Saying something is #thegreateststoryevertold is a bold ass statement. I also think it merits personal opinion.
is failing doing our work for us.
hey please follow back! cute icon:)
just buy a suit for $100 and don't do a vest.
I'm so proud to be an A's fan right now! “: (And yes, we know Team Jacob is trending right now, but that’s not an option)”
#Brewers, #Brewers, #Brewers, #Brewers, #Brewers, #Brewers, #Brewers, #Brewers, #Brewers!!! Can you tell I am excited?
is in search for a FUNK BAND for a party for 2000 folks. If you know someone, please reach out to us at
Just now realizing that both my agent and manager called and left voicemails today. Damn NYC subways always mess up my phone.
Hm, maybe the Matt Joyce for Edwin Jackson swap in 2009 wasn't such a blowout in the Tigers' favor ... damn!
you're twitter creeping me.. I feel like Hauptmans always here with you..
#uplate tryin to get over this.........whatever this is
Pretty excited about the amount of walking I did this weekend. Also for this cherry amaretto coconut ice cream i'm about to house.
haha.. Me either ! I have to see an eye specialist now !! They said I might have to have surgery !! D:
I want some oodles of noodles
Listen girl, come n get this dick
That it is! Thanks! RT : actually it's partially a quote of Ecc 9:11
Airing unchecked sources is the Pgh local news equivalent of leaving the toilet seat up.
A Time to Kill..... Break time.
at Steve's lol
Watching Breakout Kings with Viggle Sun | 21 | A&E Get real rewards just for watching TV.
everything Is going well but as far as weight gain I really don't know anything except just eat
If you're #latino don't wait 'till Sunday to congrat your mom, give her a huge hug & kiss and tell her #felizDiadelasMadres 'ama
#FF if you need to learn a thing or two about social media!
I forgot, smh
You have no lawyer. A bail bondman and a public defender don't count.
Thanks dude---I just saw your note about Heimlich maneuver kid. I'm a little slow on the Twitters sometimes.
thanks for offering to help last night at hosted by See ya soon.
Thank you for following me :)
yeah but... beaded?
Chilling at the crib going to rent a movie and have a cocktail
Botanarita, I like it! We are working on new drink actually-beer margarita! I will see tonight if #Botanarita works for that!
TGIF! We are dreaming of Kremey flavors today. Come get a Lotta Latte, Mocha Dream or Berries & Kreme & get that weekend started off right!
Also happy waffle day
is enjoying the Emerging Media Workshop in Hollywood!
cause you know, as long as you get what you want you don't care about anyone else, right? mhm.
I dont give a Fuck ok, im a bitch and im proud ok, you are a fucking fake you Man-Whore!
#40thingsaboutme #1 i pretend i have a pet unicorn
Dont check the game for 4 minutes and Pacers give up a 15 pt lead smh
To change your fate, you must first change yourself, as it is you that creates your fate
Us too!!! RT : Looking forward to tomorrow's event at Ankeny High School.
u left a footprint on my timeline, thanks for welcoming your newest member
Tyring to figure out what to do tonight...Chubby's maybe
I believe it's the end of the story that counts
When people don't use "than" & "then" properly... #GoBackToGradeSchool lol
Soul men funny af
ok, sounds great.. Title it "the ok ones"
Uhh family rite here... that loves me.
keep running into a MSFT popup that is literally impossible to close. Come on - really Microsoft?
have u played the game 'assassins' same thing with a spoon. u have a target u try and 'kill' by touching them with ur spoon.
I told you has mono!!
is walking to the Equality Maryland office
Fallston vs Emmorton it's going down
tell me more!
swag swag swag on you!
Hello Itamar ! ~~~~rich
If I am in the USA, I will definitely visit the #JerseyShore ;)
That leg of yours better be pretty long… Remember, I didn't say anything. Thought it, that's for sure, though ;)
oh just some guy. :)
How does food get cold, if drinks get hot?
Yes. We lift heavy things, kill enemies and inspire tweets questioning our need to exist.
Haha! That's the best excuse I've ever heard. I can't top it.
let's do it haha
hey! how are you?!
If you forgot how to run, just jog your memory!
#earthquake Just stood in the doorway watching my whole house shake.
Mcdonalds need to come out with a double big mac to boost sales..call it the D-Mac
Jets sign Peyton can they still resign bart or is there no way?
Very impressive. You should write and 'from the heart' more often.
My dream holiday, free Yogurtland this Monday. I'm thinking of skipping work to honor the froyo.
HONEY SEARCH at the Hustler Club!Come on down and see local sexy amateurs take it off right here on our stage!Get $1 Miller Light all night!
Absolutely “: Another epic video intro for #FOWD from the HUGELY talented ”
True. Always thought they should give vouchers to people who leave if the delay is over 3 hours.
ok I will follow
I'm looking forward to your video Friday :-)
Check out good tunes
send me a pic!
Good morning:))
Thanks for LIKING us, NoMore!
when do you come in
Good morning tweeps. I had to get up way too early this morning. And I'm still waiting for the coffee to finish brewing.
you didn't check in on 4sq
-- Because if you arent there to protect the ones you can save, who will be?
FLAWLESS QUEEN OF POP XFACTOR JUDGE IS FLAWLESS QUEEN OF POP <3
It always startles me when I see you use the word "library." I forget you work at one.
RT : i am LOVING your instagram updates from germany & prague!
Politics used to be about "trying to do something" now its about "trying to be someone" - Margaret Thatcher”
I like to mix up my day with Client work and Global Elements work. You have to work in the business and make time to work on the business.
still think you did better than if you were still baggin Groceries at The HyVee like the rest of us. Praise The Lord!
Makes headaches go away: Aspirin introduced this date back in 1893. This could make ya hurt if you're the star: Candid Camera born 8/10/48
If you are in DC this week, check out the #9/11 Reflection display @ #NMAH: uncased artifacts from NY, VA, PA, and the TSA.
Link to research or source? >> Almost 50% of defects in software projects can be traced to errors in requirements.
Watching an Elvis Impersonator at a bowling alley.
Last day of the month! Can't wait for Christmas, Chuck Chucks birthday, and New Years!
RT : RT I live by the same routine day after day. Nothing ever changes.
In so much pain:(. With so much to do:(
already missing my clients--- hoping to reconnect soon!!
hells yeah. My friend is selling her tix to Bonnarroo. Someone needs to employ me!
I love you so much :)
Yeah I've had sum nigga dat was just smash u have to seperate da 2 frm good men and smash.
All this constant checking of who's following and who's unfollowing.There's nothing better to do? You guys know there's PORN right?!
we just posted some smoking hot pictures of Stacey Dixon from the Nashville Full Moon tattoo & horror Festival on our facebook page.
go to youtube and type in kony 2012 and thers a video thts kinda long but really touching and sad. Go watch it:)
Seen world leaders, celebs in yrs yet only this wk finally impressed by spotting Terminator
Has anyone else noticed that 7 of 8 #CWS teams are from the South? #Gamecocks face the Aggies first! Go Cocks!
The This Is It cantina has been open for almost 2 hours. Geraldo has the snow cone machine ready and waiting. But where are you???
I hope you can make it out to the #HealthyATX happy hour this Wednesday
type, type
These First Take commercials are great for reminding me why I don't watch First Take
Your Not a princess Your a Pretty Princess
Best of luck to all the participants in tomorrow!!
that's exactly what I'm hoping for. :)
I would rather spend one lifetime with you - than face all the ages of this world alone.
with shanty from school ???
Using airlines' in flight wifi. Very compelling though latency is high and speed ain't great.
Paul McCartney goes better with Wings.
I actually might turn this server into a dedicated gaming server. It has lots of power and I don't need that much for files
I've been feeling weird this past week. I feel so tired everyday. );
I know right, but being on this patio is better than delivery!
": I wear a robe now. Just though you guys should know about this development in my life." All day? Bc that would be sweet
I think status quo in Severna Park is at least wary stares toward literally everything so, yeah.
Do you think the students really care about class basketball? I think the adults care more.
If at first u don't tweet....tweet, tweet, tweet again! Love ur talent!!!!
Short out to thanks for the follow :-)
Can finally wear contacts again! I will never again take healthy eyes for granted.
We all have a rich and vibrant familial history that needs to told through our children, grandchildren, friends and family.
doesn't matter if his career ends that way,he's the greatest relief pitcher ever & he has all those rings to prove it
Not at all, I just never go to this class... Ever.
thanks for the follow! I have a predilection for seafoam green myself as well
Sounds like I should!
I knew you were gonna tweet that tonight
Thanks for the retweet, it's great that more people will hear about Thomas Prescher and his timepieces.
We all need money, but there are degrees of desperation. -Anthony Burgess
Like, 5 days maybe... RT : I ordered a Barves tank today. How many weeks for delivery?
You Are an amazing artist.!!!! I love your voice, i hope Lady gaga hears it.!!!! Je t'aime.!!
In a digital media mtg learning to be a better tweeter. Very interesting!
Is Excited To Speak With Jeffrey Gitomer In Raleigh NC Today And Tomorrow! Thanks Again For Joining Us J. Amezqua
Welcome new followers and
My 3000th tweet goes to my Miami Heat #LetsGoHeat #LetsGoHeat #HeatNation let's win this game
No tweets north of the Yukon flew bck to Fairbanks in the midnite glow. Jst landed
too much art is stuck in the world of entertainment.. or singular minded concept...
I have just been invited to be one of the regular bloggers at Southern Poverty Law Center's Teaching Tolerance blog.
Parking gods frowning down on me, keeping me from lunch at On to Mirakutei.
so like the sign you held that said you are tubular is getting quite the notes on tumblr hollaaa
": just got done tlaking to my OG about this Iowa move she proud of me for finally tryin to do something in my life"me too son
McNally's on Saturday night! “: Less than 60 hours till the #SportingKC season starts ....”
a medical tax? You mean Medicare? I hope when u r of age u don't take advantage of neither Medicare nor social security. Yeehaw!
Seriously guys! Skinny jeans DO NOT look good on men!!!! Stop wearing them. You look foolish. Honestly...foolish. Stop riding trends.
I'm so bored. I'm going for a long walk.
Wow, that place really is Mayberry.
Choose your friends carefully. Your enemies will choose you.
ive treid talking to you but your like whatever, were just like strangers and thats sad but thats not my fault
Love it when a buddy at work wins $5,000 playing online poker
love you Jacob! Have a good night (:
He had the Shit on lock but now I'm the key holder
Just remember, today is almost over
I swear I was thinking about that yesterday!
#kids Plaza El Segundo Introduces New Programs: Plaza El Segundo Introduces New Programs Wednesday, May 9, 2012 at 9:00 AM Plaza El...
Why is it that some of your photos here load pretty quickly while others give me a five stroke head start?
Beer For My Horses by Toby Keith will forever be my favorite song.
Good morning, back to work
no it's in the top section of the arena :/
you're strange but I love it!
Welcome & Thanks for following.
I've decided to invest into an I P A D in the next few weeks. Feels like I'm in the stone age compared to some SLP's on twitter.
oh, yes! Thanks for sharing!
I think I will set up the game on TV and stream the NCAA games.
hey c:
Lmfao, i'm so funny <3
i have an idea for ur story. Do u want me to dm it to u
oh see that's not as bad. If you were talking all teams, i'd have to feel bad for you.
Daddy's home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> bye twitter
I'm moving in with my brother, next to anita
Thank you for spreading the word and showing us love, Rochelle! From our hearts to yours, endless positive vibes.
Why does Jennifer Hudson have to sing in all her weight watchers commercials?
her sayings are so lame
hey follow back please (: ps I'm gonna go buy it <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
don't like u anymore
So yeah, I fell flat on my face at this outdoor farm market & I bled like a bitch. What a day. Tonight calls for a stiff one or ten.
I love this time of year.
Freedom has a different meaning to everybody
wow! Its really like that?
damnit Mikey lol well I gotta get Burke soon would ya still wanna go?
They're doing a Michael Jackson Tribute <U+266C>Man In The Mirror<U+266C> now doing <U+266C>Of the Wall<U+266C>!!! "Paint The Town Red"
I have no idea.
One big table, fulla ugly bitches
downside to having separated out tech & non tech: when the streams cross. Thank you for making today's #dubstep joke
Go! Stage &amp; Screen calendar: April 27-May 3 - Times Herald-Record
They always make a big deal about politicos not knowing the price of a gallon of milk or loaf of bread. Honestly? I have no clue.
Money can't buy my love
Dear john <3
just that alone is deep. I feel that!
partner of the year award goes to...loudoun county Parks & Rec dept.
What happened to 50 cent? The last time I heard from him he was going hard at Rick Ross. Rick Ross going strong. 50 cent a after thought.
Happy Birthday ! Have a awesome time !
Oh hey! Thanks for following me!(: <33
#healthtip: Do NOT exercise when u are sick especially w/ fever. When sick your body needs 2 spend all of its energy healing itself
Stayed up all night writing, met deadline, ate chili relleno on a grilled cheese sandwich (WHAT!?) and went to bed. Good morning!
oh gosh stop lol
If you're still ailing by Thursday, I know just the place.
walking over to hutch.
Well duh we get a better view! Haha miss you fluff
i got the new Swagbar and i love the radio feature!
A million words won't bring you back, I know because I've tried, neither will a million tears, I know because I've cried
Anne says to prepare for 90-95% of project time for assembling and working up the data!
Is the Olive Garden ever NOT crowded?!&@&":!
Of course his highness will not answer any questions from the peasants..
you know it exactly ^_^ costs 5.99$ cheap lol well its an EP of course
ahh. I see
Ima watch Megan Good's Marathon Today .
Everyone follow They are so close to 200!
Really useful info regarding self-published book reviews. Thanks!
We loved the MMAC's All Member Meeting on the field at Miller Park. What MKE locale would you most want get you access to?
Rain, rain go away! What are you doing today?
I love/hate work lol
=) RT : lobster mac n cheese is a gift of God.
nice to meet you.
Another successful sprint retrospected... // yeah yeah, i verbed a noun.
#LetsDoThis Ready to follow ? Then follow us and watch us explode!
I dont like when a Dude says "Hey Can We Talk?" Thats Female lingo...u pose to say "ay I need to holla at u bout Somethin fam"
mines probably the worst i be ready to fight lol
Seriously? That would be great! Can I crash at your place too?
What happens when "doing you" doesn't work anymore? Switch it up - "You" are actually not enough. "You" need Him.
Now this IS Cliff Lee!!!!
What part of the car did she play? RT : she was in "Dude, WHere's My Car?"
I find a strange and deeply disturbing pleasure in hi-lighting things.
I LOVE MONEY ...
Im all about justice. But wat about the Iraqi mother who was beaten to death inside her own home with a note that says go back to ur country
When people drink, how can they forget what happens?
yeah I want to! Its with my music tech class though so you guys would have to like meet up with me hahaha.
thank you for the follow!
Windows 7 rocks, better than Vista for sure. There maybe a few incompatibilities - issues with Office 07. Otherwise incredible!
have you found the video yet??? :D
Fuck it....I need something to put on my stomach...
lebron ain't go to college and he got the stevie wonder showin up real soon!
I don't think I'll ever understand NASCAR.
I just saw the most beautiful girl, but she was wearing those huge sunglasses so there is still a chance she's a 1200 pound rhinoceros.
Wow I just got this emailed to me: "Congratulations! You’ve been chosen to Test & Keep Hunting Products."
Thanks for being the forerunner on the #Trayvon story. Everyone is on the bandwagon now. You are good at what you do
That's really cute!
Nothing says "inefficient grocery transaction" more loudly than -- on either gender -- a gray ponytail.
Opening twitter seems much faster now. I was out of sync with it for like one month though.
You listen to me Canadian internet and you listen good... You do NOT want to want to keep pausing during Mad Men..
Good luck, Lori!! (This is Eira from SAA student chapter :)
“ “ Look out for #LastKings by x on June 1st””
followed! thank yxou so much for following! we appreciate it.
my aim email is the "NOT" one haha
Go ahead thank the followers!
well then it sounds like it is designed to be tighter either by and or a pair of channel locks. Can you wait til Monday?
thank you very much for the retweet! :)
's kick game is crazy
Everyone go see PROJECT X. you'll love the movie.
Congrats and welcome to the team - the new Tournament Manager for
thanks for the update, man
Thanks to all Kentuckians who came to Frankfort today to protest the Nazis at the capitol, we showed the fascists they aren't welcome here!
Next week Tuesday we are doing a 6 course dinner with a whole bunch of hecka awesome from scratch rustic Italian dishes sourced locally.
oh, you will be in my hood but I will not. I am in So. Mpls.
RT : Head's up, Ohio State - the E! News crew & I are in town! Meet us 12:30 in front of Ohio Union & I'll interview you!
Wait, what was that? For each field goal kicked, will enroll its announcers in basic geography courses?
haha i'M A DORK! answr was: Breakup with ur partner! I love when I put my foot in my mouth,which is a lot!
yeah now!(:
it was alright and yours
i love u so muchh < 3
According to 50 Shades of Grey a college student can do just fine without a computer or an email address.
The skies are extremely dark right now in DC. Shit's about to get real up in here.
K. and kids are about to put Christmas lights on the house...in the dark...should be interesting.
:) Yes, and thank you!! (It's at a crazy time of year so I'm not shy about announcing it so I get sufficient attention...)
Just introduced my mom to eyebrow threading! She loves it!
No. your pretty. your fine.
TryOuts will be opening its doors to all 21 & up Friday March 5th!!! one cover charge & BYOB all night long!!! Locate @ Babcock & Eckhert
Chuck Bass <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Who agrees with me here that we are not dealing with "children" in Congress, but the death throws of WALLWASHINGWORLD?
thank you! Hope you and can all meet up?
Are you buying a children's book for a special child or the child inside this Christmas?
thanks that's perfect!
have you tried #node?
Thursday night bluegrass I Featuring & friends I 9PM |
ugh. Just sitting in my basement watching her show.
play try outs tonight..
Obama stood up and supported same-sex marriage today. Suck it, Republicans.
My Mommy Just Bought Me A Sun Drop Shirt ((:
Hey, Josh. No worries. I ended up taking the train with Charlie. Hope everything's OK.
You're a bitch
Heading down to Bowery Poetry club - a pre-networking party for the Manhattan Monologue Slam. Come on by!
enjoying the last few hours of the weekend
Got my new car today!!
Jose Antonio Vargas, , is keynote speaker at #AllPeoples MLK breakfast. The pulitzer-prize winning journalist is undocumented.
So i was texting today while walking, and i am seriously clumsy like terrible, and i ran into this tall guy and well, that guy..
Car got stuck on mountain... Will have to go in2 work later. Nap now. Walk in dark and knee high snow by yourself is exhausting!
Having a Pre-Lock screening to see if we are really ready to lock. Getting closer. It will be fun so see this finished!
Our debut album MONUMENTS is now available in hard copy. Send us a message to get yours today!
do you know if Megan has a fan mail address?
my > hubby was broadcast manager 2yrs
he's too young to be married! 16, pish posh.
I'm so happy to welcome you to my HOOD BG like we call it Good luck spa
Thank *you* for your inspiration and support!
where's my yogurt? haha jp nice
To help improve diversity or to help identify more bloggers who are women?
ojjjj that sounded so shexy LMAOOO... mwa. nah need the gym, need to work on a few things. lol
RT I love Maria bamford! | So fun last nite, Trey. I will work on being more quiet!! <U+E405>
OMG I can make her switch directions! Shocking. Once she switches, she stays switched without trying.
srsly you complete us
I pee glitter
Rick Santorum Proved that Authenticity Matters Santorum didn't mince words and because people believed him when he said something.
Tiara needs to go to sleep
Why can't I drive..
let me know how you do it!
It's official wheels up for Honolulu July 4th with the G5 and the crew!!!
Sometimes I feel so spoiled & lucky that I work from home.. Esp on these chilly mornings when I can just snuggle in bed w/ my computer
Ha no. But it makes sense - Ron Paul is a big supporter of metal-backed currency.
I played Malcom in 7th grade and killed it! :D
have seen Hampton Inns use that title before as well so who knows
looks like a great day, go get it!!!
With all my wonderful cousins, we got ice cream :D
okay, i'm done now, can you PLEASE RT and FOLLOW? we'll follow you back <3
Like us (facebook). Follow us (twitter). Help us rebuild Oliver (in real life).
ill hold u to it missy
's house and she has a yummy bowl of quinoa salad for me... But she also has jerseylicious on the tv. So she only 1/2 wins.
Niggaz say they want beef well where da fucks my <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094> at??
We are DONE sold out of EVERYTHING... Nothing to see here
aye s/o to TJT
Its been a great day. I love working with fabulous people.
Kinda pumped on The schedule......can you say prime time!
Thank you again for all you do to promote our site!
Today, we introduce the kid to Zoolander! I love this movie
RT : A1 Display a culture of real people who work together. Don’t give the impression that it is another PR or Marketing ploy
Ha! : I just spent 20 minutes trying to explain "These Boots Are Made for Walking"...
The truth is...no matter how hard you push it at the gym, the smells coming from the pizza place across the street are still magical.
RT : Excited to watch on the #NFL Network's #draft coverage on TV as well as online.
Tired of going to the club and not enjoying yourself. Standing on the wall or sitting in your seats! Enjoy Club 101 on SPOT LIGHT THURSDAYS
Forecast for This Afternoon: Mostly sunny. Highs around 80. Southwest winds 5 to 10 mph.
Temperatures stay un-winter like to start the workweek- I'll have your forecast on 10TV at 11:17pm!
One day, American schools will incorporate gardening, cooking & sewing again to make math, science, chemistry. . all subjects,real & useful.
happy valentines day hop u well have a great day love u ..!!
“: Apparantly voluntary and mandatory are synonyms....”
I feel your pain. I'm headed out for a full head of foils tomorrow myself.
Have you looked up tonite? Jupiter, Venus, the Moon, also Mercury, Mars, Saturn putting on a celestial show!
Brazilian Governments Go Global, a talk w/ Dr. Ironildes Bueno. Today in ICC 563
Final score: Authorities 200 Riveters 80
what's on your mind Jake?
Hahaha. Nope. Just left it on my tray in Kimmel! I wouldn't transfer again! I love NYU!!!
Omg just got off of work!! Oww what a day!!! Ah super excited about tonight!!!
Heading to A-frame for dinner :) Im not really dressed for a "picnic"..but I do like eating with my hands. Any menu recs??
if u feel that bad start dating the ugly girls...hahaha!
thanks for the mention.
its a hard reality our country refuses to listen to.
get better bro
Please!!!! RT : RT : If u want to retire as an #Eagles player please RT & show ya love!!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> good goin now i gotta walk around with this!
How about listening to him while staring at the chiseled physique of his statue outside Miller Park?
Dude why have you not followed me yet?
Keep doing what you do!
#GreenChat Time Change!!!! It will be at 10pm EST. tonight. Make note of it, please RT!
please adopt me
haha wow i will pick Layla because Michelle is going to lose the match by the book :)
I think it's partly related to birth weight and prematurity, but also twins sometimes latch on to their own worlds.
good I expect greatness.
Any magazine types know where to get intact copies of Bruno's Review of Two Worlds for 1921? If so, please email or shoot me a private msg.
SHOOTING FINAL EPISODE OF DESPERATE HOUSEWIVES IN THE MORNING!! Very excited to be part a moment in TV History!
A hot day in
I'd appreciate a follow back.
Next up: office with a view? :)
YEAH!! Feeling good today. Summer is gonna be good. NEW. Changes. Good summer :)
It's gonna be a long weekend and Sutra Lounge is ready for Fusion Fridays with music by DJ Stix and Danger!
if like my last rweet i stole it from my good friend robby dewindt but he dont have a twittr i think its his culd b wrong
Heebs is right... I say try before you buy.
me too!
It's National Teacher Day! Want an on-air shout out for your child's teacher? Name & school, please. Tune in!
Date Night with my mister <3
Charges for CSU players stem from fight earlier this month.
...and hopeless drunk. :)
I love the new file Manager in #businesscatalyst! It's like having #Dreamweaver in the browser. Don't anticipate clients using this though.
Missing design work, print design, and media at the moment.. sigh.
Can you send a screenshot of what it looks like when you open the app?
Michael Jackson Made HIStory! & greatest part about it is that all of #MJArmy & #MJFAM got to read, be apart & witness it!
- Sadly, it ended his political career. At least as an elected official. He's finishing up 1st term & then going 2 Hawaii 4 school.
Do you think Politicians keep their campaign Promises? Cast your note at www.thenewburnpoll.com
Patience has been exhausted for the day...
o.O
good point!
I especially like the "create brand loyalty" event under "marketing strategy / promotions"
but yoooouuuu don't have a cello lesson
yo golic Rt on people are tired of NFL banging certain QBs, and protecting others! Brady ugh, and other top white QBs.
Callin in Millionaire to work Monday. Lotto Frenzy
Happy birthday! Just had the same a few days ago!
lol yea I realized when he followed you :) I thought I might get him while I could. And you might wanna check of Zach (c)
Good morning DFW friends. A nice cool morning. How is your Thanksgiving weekend going?
Let's play a game called: work a double, and I have an empty section at 6pm.
LMAO! That gif. Epic, dude haha. I'm sure that will be all of the WWE Universe's reaction I hope.
Going 2B my second point, but didn't want 2 stir up what is a hot bed of contention btw u & :-)
Thanks to the folks that came to see us over the weekend.
Just a few hours to go - and we are are not even halfway to our goal. If you've been waiting, now is the time to call 602-277-3003
old people wearing Hollister clothing >
F the suns and rockets. I just got drafted by the sixers
Signed up for a at Looking forward to using the app around
Hello there!!!
If we end up in Troy, I am gonna rage.
Pulled up Yankees box score on At Bar app. Saw 2 errors and thought Nunez must be in field. Not shocked that he had both.
have you checked out THE EROTIC CHALLENGE yet 50k and a modeling contract to the winner
White iPhone… shiny :)
don't remind me. Started celek. FF sucks.
Dear fantasy football team, We had a good undefeated run, but you're too good to trade anyone away. Aiming for the gold. Love, Q
I got the newsletter! Thank you! :D
Money is like a sixth sense without which you cannot make a complete use of the other five. ~ W. Somerset Maugham
Join us for Stories in the Sky this morning 9 AM. Free fun for the kiddos!
Yes Sir!! Gotta get to T Dot next year!!!
It's exciting to see Tweeps getting pumped up on eating plants. Once you go Green you never go back!
The life of a country is longer than a man's but it's still a LIFE. I'm glad to see ours is still alive. God bless us.
ok i just want you to make your money. Lol
Tired of Taking a Trashy Taxi?
On our last night in Germany, we made torches & wandered hopelessly through the forest overlooking the town.
Twitter is being wierd on my phone.... Wtfff???
Just blew out a tire on the Watterson. I have really good luck
keep stringn' em together. Nice win “: Final from Toronto: Caps double up Leafs, 4-2 #CapsLeafs”
90% on my Sociology final! Considering how much I actually studied for it, I'm happy with that!
thanks Greg!
Nutin I do seems to be good enough for you anymore...
#NothingFeelsBetterThan moving back with your parents and not having to pay a damn bill.
please I want one from you it would be an honor
Glad to hear it -- I'm behind a few episodes and looking forward to catching up.
Happiness begins when selfishness ends. Coach John Wooden
That's the hook right therrrr
sure, but I'm gonna need like 20 more min ha. Cody and Tim are on their way over there if you wanna meet them ?
“: I need some jazz music to relax to...” or some romance languages
Awesome accountability call with yesterday, he's got some amazing things happening.
Jamming Big Krit right now... if you from the south and ain't fucking with Krit I don't know what to tell you. You fucking up tho!
: salesperson is only person in deal who does not know invoice. Customer already has it. #NADA2012 Funny.
#CarlDeMaio leads of commerical break speaking about pension reform. He supports moving police to 401k.
Thank you Chicago for having such a large Polish population. Beautiful boys everywhere.
No graphs yet in the OMR, working on it (and more) ...
#NowPlaying Work Wit It- Chris Brown makes me wanna DANCE!
I've been on a serious Scott Walker binge all week. No end in sight. Life is beautiful.
The things people do....really. Ha. Also my friends and I are thinking about road tripping to the grand canyon..Maybe I can see u.
it's not you. it's shelbys cousin. idiot.
Warren wouldn't be the first unqualified Commie with false background associated with Harvard to seek high office.
don't play! I'm serious...mine or yours, it don't matter I'm taking VACAY!!
Rescue Me. Series Finale :(
Good morning. My house eaves are a bird apartment. Lots of coming and going with worms in beaks. Hummingbirds are slurping for a nestful.
The Parks and Rec Twitter account said they were cleaning the trails, though. So 1-2 weeks.
#FF for a great cause!
for sure. Send me a tweet when they do!
I've been informed I'm going to Cici's for dinner. Hell yes
it's not really her! Lol i I'd freak out!
haysoos christa does he sound horrible
I came into this world a puzzled panther
I am jealous of you northerners!
Read up Spammers i dont want an i phone an i pad or freaking 6 flags tickets!! Get freakin LOST !!!!!!!!!!
haha I'm sure (;
Enroute to Little Rock, Ark 20th Clinton reunion. Plane full of Clinton Alumni's. Looking forward to a fun weekend.
for British Breakthrough Artist!!! Congrats!
My physics teacher always plays good music(: she put it on blast(;
Relationships kill friendships
Bullshit is no where on my schedule, in other words I never make time for it.
KICKING OFF MY BIRTHDAY WEEKEND & IT IS ALREADY LOUD AS HELL OVA HERE!!
It was quite an experience.
Revolutions, coups, riots. Indeed, the feathers are flying. How about we get our health care revolution started.
Got very sick from flu shot.
awwh Jordan! :) that made my day... no my life! love you !! :) <3
once upon a time, I didn't give a fuck.
Thanks, Enjoy your Sunday!
Have a lovely day!
The first part of my story "Jeremiah Street Times," is up on FiveChapters.com!
Need that real thang
RT : Today I'm reminded that life is short... I want to love big, give grace and be content in who I am in HIM! #fb//Amen!
RT : Not to name things properly is like adding misfortune to the world" - Albert Camus
#GirlsWithPrettyFeet is a trend for toe suckers.
o did you make your regular Tuesday stop? you'll have to stop over one of these times!
Feliz dia de las Madres! Happy Mother's Day!
obesity is more than being sedentary... Poor food choices doesn't help
RT : Fellas, don't ASSUME she knows how you feel about her. TELL her.
I Just Throw On My Controller Now She Playin' With My Wii!
“: Re-word that, please?” To what? Lol
Nicest compliment I ever got in film school: "He's pretentious, but he's comfortable with it."
#college #student get .EDU #discount #TODAY 20%off your order on.fb.me/mkUrhM
pleasure seein you two tonight! Hope we run into each other again soon.
I want someone that will come to my rescue when I'm in danger
Some very, very misguided people, unfortunately. If someone you know is thinking of it, speak out against it.
Any progress on integration with Quickbooks online yet?
I swear...if they make me late today imma spaz!!!!!
I would love to!! :D
#LAPride is around the corner. Tomorrow I'll be covering the first annual Purple Party with #MacyGray!
I just took 2 shots of espresso #yolo RT I bet sleep right now lol
I keep laughing at 'Steve Steib'
haha will do;D where ya from?xx
this voucher business for Cardiff away sounds like a ball ache next weekend. Do we have to show photo ID to get the ticket?
you know you're bored when you keep checkin your phone for a missed call or text...knowin damn well no one has hit you up!
Hey! Guess what? I've landed in Chicago!
Rock climbing is awesome! SO much fun and great work out!
Ok My B-day Bash Sale Satrts Now! Hit Up ZoeBeats.Com All Beats R Half Off $10 Leases & $125 Doller Exclusvies Purchase Your Tracks Now!
what about #Bedre?
KG just got off
hmm, maybe it just takes time for people in Alaska. Haha
ill b back thrusday but i need somewhere to stay for a few days you got room
it's better to be young and stupid than old and regretful.
when is it gonna be out?
I can't believe you'd do this to me
Thanks for the RT!
Wait, is on Here & Now? When, when? RT : hey do not worry. You will be grand.
What hotel do you stay at when visiting SLC to do #genealogy research? How do you generally book it?
thanks for connecting!
I'd Get Sleazy For Ron Weasley<U+2665>
For my birthday I want a Slaughterhouse piñata
Answer: Because God loves you and wants you to be happy. RT Question: Why were these McNuggets on sale?
Looking forward to participating in #libchat. Can anyone let me know a date and time?
3 back-to-back interviews starting in a half hour. WISH ME LUCK, Y'ALL.
Yeah Chicagos O- Line kind of stunk. They had 7 sacks in the first half
I still have to do homework ...
Peabodys is where its at Saturday come support Cleveland metal and hardcore
I'm always amazed at how empty DC streets are at 9:00 pm. Don't people do stuff (or like me) work long hours?
You're 19, he's 30 and has a 4&6 year old, GROSS
lol well mine isn't mainly for HipHop. The boyz can do some ballet and jazz though! Hahah
STORY OF MY LIFE RT : I really dont wanna go to school tomorrow
RT : This is championship level defense. It's 8th seed level offense, but still... that D....
Wtf I went to wango tango last year and it wasn't even that popular, like nobody knew what is was. And now like everyone wants to be there.
The Champ remake in 1979 was originally intended for Ryan & Griffin O'Neal.
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." Ralph Waldo Emerson
Brain Clay Should Get Life
If he did wud he talk about his matchup zone, or his patient hard to guard offense? Lol. Doesn't matter, he'll never hav it lol
All the people I know do. In fact they "like" on FB. Crazy? Yes.
Well foods ready... In laws don't like to eat late... Don't won't 2 b rude, but I'm watching the game...
RT : From average price of gas 10 years ago today $1.16
sorry bro - eat a garlic clove before bed - always helps me
If you have a problem with Sidney, it's your own fault.
Ticket Oak freaks me out
boy it's a good one, Money Making Floyd got this one from the looks of it
na hell...u like booty clubs lmao
Lots of Spring Break visitors here today for Titanic and Samurai exhibits Museum.
I'm bout to listen right now
i try..... but it's never good enough?
Mention Twitter & get 20% off any detail!! Pamper your #car!! Call (619) 928-4848! We're MOBILE & come to you!
Somebody has got to need a professional photographer for Google iO, ..right?
thx for the follow! Will check out your site!
$80.00 for 60 min swedish massages today! Come in and get ready for your weekend. Happy Friday :)
ON SALE NOW -- Rodrigo Y Gabriela & C.U.B.A (4/25) and Brian Regan (5/18)! Tickets are now available at bit.ly/zxEQsv
Tonight We are young So let’s set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun
Looking forward to talking on the show
Community! Both are great though.
she's so cute lol
It takes a while for that show to move beyond Eliza is HOT...but it gets there...ish
how about be around 15 and maybe, just maybe, TRY to get double digit wins.
Guess who's back? :)
I don't have an iPhone (or Android)
Did I ever show you my interview article with Snow Patrol from the Final Straw tour?
yes. B&O looks appealing!
Had a awful morning
I wish we could get* some of these chivas fans to come to skc games...
You are everyone's rock. But I am here whenever you feel you need me. Bring on Marine week! ;)
the yammer session was great. I have a lot to share.
I think I have ear cancer :/
enjoy - you deserve it!
Thank you! - Twitter Analytics: Techsoup has been using and lately
I bet North Carolina doesn't support Wizard-Muggle marriages either.
RT : Portland, beware: $2 for 4 Voodoo Doughnuts got us bewitched, especially the one with Google-themed frosting...
Not when alone!!!
Just got my Film Independent screeners. Ameerka, The Vicious Kind, The Messenger, and Easier w/ Practice. What should I watch first?
The Hard Rock Style Lounge at Hollywood/Highland was incredible. Team Shangri-LA Luxury put together an impressive event.
National Weather Service plans series of radar upgrades across Minnesota. How it will keep you safer on KSTP-TV at 6pm.
Expected large contingent of Murray State fans in Louisville. If they win & advances, will certainly be home game for Murray.
“: About 4 million people in the world were born on a Leap Day (February 29th).”
Upswing RT : RT : Nightmare scenario for GOP: nominating Romney just as his sole message looks to be evaporating.
"The guitar is a wonderful instrument which is understood by few"
#WhyDoPeopleThink they can do hurtful things and get away with it? You can't hide from karma, she plays a good game of hide and seek.
Personal contact and referral. Some action on facebook...some on the VO sites. It's all about responses!
I c u
Lunch Special! Double stacked Cheese Burger, side of Fries, and Coleslaw.
Yuck, your name has become a top choice in my auto-correct. Rat bastard.
Prom Night for Guys: Fitting and Haircut...Prom Night for Girls: Fitting ,Hairdo,Makeup,Manicure,Pedicure ,Eyebrows,Wax,Jewelry etc...
Thanks or stopping by the JPL today..
I got tickets to the america vs chivas game!!!
Can't wait on way to #MMI with
Thanks new Achieve Beyond pediatric therapy followers
See you tonight! I've always wanted to see you perform. :)
Haha! I'll be sure to relay your review to them whenever we eventually bump into each other in the hallway.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Wheldon Family!
Just made the easiest $200 of my life
don't hate. You only have more followers because more people like you.
watching it now, pretty crazy stuff
Australian <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> “: what's your accent?”
my sister left her tumblr signed in and all she has is Harry Styles and One Direction on her dashboard...
Yep, I am the chief dishwasher at the office RT : Startup CEO advice (one in a series): Janitorial - learn it, live it, LOVE IT!
Sacramento sends love too. RT : Hoping all & RMHFtWorth are safe. Heard about the
Shagging balls at a soccer game <<<<<<<
answer your phone
Why are people so sensitive nowa days
Holy traffic. Oh well at least im crusin next to the beach
GM been up since the crack of dawn. Bout ready to throw down on some breakfast.
This time I'm going to be selfish ...
Get rid of hierarchies; put marketing in the middle of org chart.
Well I was being sarcastic with my last tweet. But if we're being serious, let's not worry about 1 game, however long it was.
At Joes Crab Shack then to the Miranda Lambert concert<333
Looking forward to how will be executed and received. Congrats !
I'm gona go with snake skin.. Wuz up Snoop? Long time fan & long time luvr lol.. Jus wana show sum luv xo
text me
Did someone say presents?
Former #Badger goalie Brian Elliott comes in for an injured Halak and shuts out the #Sharks. He's good, real good
Y'all some followers.
Happy Veteran's Day! Huge thanks to all the military for your service and sacrifice!
ever been to a tenn game? no one plays their fight song as much as tenn!!
I'm gonna have the sickest profile picture after formal this weekend
we interviewed yesterday for Mavs.com and #Unbreakable is on point! Def on my Christmas list now!
#FitTip The key to shredding pounds is to increase your workout intensity, revs your metabolism causing the after burn effect
Burger king now has the credit card swipe machine outside the drive thru window. Hmm, interesting.
any good advice for movies not skipping from Netflix on the Sony Blue Ray/DVD player hooked up wirelessly to Comcast? Please RT.
hey girl, good to hear from you. I make it mine, do it my way. Bring something to the table. Cliche, maybe, but the truth
you a force
Livin the college life.
Just called the Batline. Batman didn't answer - how disappointing. Austin's foul weather means they might not take flight tonight. :(
Decked the halls while sipping Mexican hot chocolate and listening to carols. Now to start on this year's #Christmas story.
Go follow the for all the updates on Milwaukee's Arena Football Team
already know!
NewsHour isn't local. Now what? Help a brother out.
: We had our vow renewal ceremony there! It was LOVELY. You working with Katie?
already follow :)
the morning of #pubcampBOS, we'll gather to propose and schedule events (on a "board") for the day.
Don't you have those galaxy foamposites? Rock those!
in the past 1/2 hr the bar I'm at (rated 1 of the top beer bars in the country) put on the soundtrack from The Wedding Singer
Nope but ask around. : you're welcome. Hey any rec's on a whiskey place in Austin or San Antonio ?”
A remote show sounds like a good idea to me. Make it happen, Drew!
Gess what my phone backround is and win a shoutout and a follow:)
Too lazy to go to school .. p___p
Got the #Verzionwirless #Galaxy #Nexus this morning. So far really nice
I almost laughed out loud haha. He is old but he's a cool guy!
Yes, totally normal.
doesn't know what to say anymore.
Newark? The gloom kind of gives it away.
Touche!!! I've been away too long? Most of the time I'm usually running *away* from roaches.
DC. I love you. Did the full tourist thing today. Everytime I visit I get a little closer to moving here.
I like being on the radio. #happy this is my
WHO HAS MY IPOD?
Thinking about you .. you have been in my thoughts and prayers... hope G is doing better...
Bored, just got my laptop fixed, need more followers. Show some love and I'll do the same
Lon Safko is giving us some great ideas on enhancing our social media methods! If you missed it, download the podcast!
your out already?!?
thanks. must have been filtered by the university where I work, because I was able to access it on my phone, no problem.
new album by is fantastic. can't wait to see them
should have let me kn0w!!!
while dual monitors are pretty cool, i honestly don't really need them.
Moses, thanks for following!
Visit www.allegrodancecompany.net --our summer tour of "Avanti" is going to be exciting! Some big news to announce very soon :)
Just dropped my keys down the elevator shaft at work. Good start to the day, right?
art flow!
just adjust the headband. It might be too tight. ;)
sucks to suck <U+2614><U+26A1><U+2601>
I will, definitely. Are you still around?
Sanders played monster D last night at the BC. He was fearless in the paint!
Its over, no, .3 to go
Badgers drop out of the Top 25 during the Bo Ryan era. That hasn't happened since.....ah....has it ever?!!
God finally saw a Madea movie, had enough. RT: Firefighters battle 4 alarm blaze at Tyler Perry Studios in Atlanta;no report of injuries
My whole life is a level 2 class.
Answer: "I woke up on the floor surrounded by Taco Bell wrappers and porn playing on loop." Question: "How drunk did you get last night?"
Sitting In class with Madison Sandridge , Kaylee Freeman , Austin Morris , Shelby Bowman and Rachel Cross
LOLL this made me laugh so hard.
So so true!RT : No one can change a person, but a person can be the reason someone changes.
Has the Gate City/George Mason girls game started?
Yama Yoga has "two fantastic light filled studios and a great vibe" -yelp reviewer. Get 50% off beginniners yoga on www.crowdclick.com
Happy Birthday from me & ur buggo's
We get out if school on May 8
Excited to speak to today at Balboa Park!
Welcome to the 505! Email if U need anything
If you respect yourself , you wouldn't have to lie about it :)
Aw feel better!(:
When people make decisions about how much to give, they are influenced by how much others are giving.
I told to tell you hi for me. I just wanted to make sure he remembered!
forehead kisses are the BEST!
you too, Brent! yes, let's do it up White Center style very soon!
Jessica A. Schwartz F'11 of will speak on dissertation research. #ACLS2012. (4/4)
I have. LOL Time to hit the hay. 5:30 comes early.
Its amazing i get to meet you
LOL at the guy who created Instagram! <U+E412>
I didn't say no, it's just that I might not be going.
Hope is always there to offer comfort, even in the toughest moments.
Happy birthday to the "pied piper" of elite players to come to St. John's in this era, !!!
Ohh. Freaky. RT are we sure Tim Burton isn't just sober Johnny Depp?
still here, never left. pissing off tweeps by breaking cardinal sin of taking my phone out during a movie.
why ignore medical marijuana questions?
ooh, no I missed that!!! Will check it out! :)
The pain of discipline is far less than the pain of regret.
Nook 101: Barnes and Noble provides Nook classes! Check your local B&N for details.
thanks for RT.
Yes, that would be cool. One of them should glow in the dark, just because. xD
Chaperoning this morning for Annie's 4th grade class field trip to the Corvette assembly plant. How cool is that?
RT if you remember "I wanna be so good of a dancer that...that I'll shut the club down"
you mean #swingEttaMiss!!
I can't wait to leave work and head to Miller Park. A Brewers win would be the nice end to a long, long day :)
check my song out I'm a weirdo out on YouTube limmit52
Tom looks the best he has in years.
Making final touches on my #PromoYou presentation 4 - I must say, I love #Twitter, it's the wild-west of
Did you know GWBush ordered CIA to shut down ops to locate Bin Laden in 2006 ? #Inconvenient FACT for the Lying Reich Wing
Have u noticed the hysteria over gas prices is accelerating big oils push for fracking?
if I get done in time I'm downs with that.
A1. LinkedIn is the magazine ad to get people to ask to see your brochure (resume). The interview is the sales pitch for the TV.
How is your writing coming along?
lol well it seemed like it was u! but she is kinda pathetic now lol
Wearing one of my Sunday Funday shirts all day today as motivation to remind myself what I am capable of creating.
Oh this is gonna be fun... Subway is busy, and I'm in a shit mood. People are gonnaa hate me.
I'm only trying to be your friend!! YOU make it impossible, Why do ya even hate me anyway?!?!
Tomorrow is Valentine's Day! Shop with us at #Paradise Valley Mall!
Toot toot (Lemme hear that beep beep!)!!!
Slippery balls are going to be the architects of our sorrow!!
Once again I'm faced with a bunch of obstacles, this time around, fuck it I done cried them two tears in a bucket...
I have to turn into the Terminator to make him leave work.."LEAVE NOW or I will destroy you" *robot voice
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: Males with DUPLICATE MeCP2 mostly have autism and deteriorate till death by about 20 years of age.
That's what I'm worried about. Morally, it's all good. Mathematically, I'm not sure.
no we trying to see if anybody else trying to go so we can all be seated together....were is it gone be at
see i told ya! :P
haha I'm out here making things happen! When you graduate??
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
RT : Robert Siegel's first words when I started as an intern in 1999: "Radio sentences should be short." Great advice!
Make it nasty
#thingsineedinmylife Someone who drops everything n says baby I will be right there, in response to I'm going back to the hospital
Sending you wishes for a wonderful new year. I'm enjoying your tweets!
Football will always be my favorite sport, but it's funny, these days I can name the #KyDerby post positions & not the Raiders draft picks.
it's due on Friday
"Your CREATIVITY will add meaningful content for human socialization and productivity!"—Delano Johnson (Talented&Broke NOV26)
To be connected from MySpace of the table of images contact tables for MySpace of drawing regards Friendster Xanga or to b :-)
We are what and where we are because we have first imagined it.
of effort in your video. it was AMAZING! but the person who made the video chosen for NY put in effort as well. i understand
This looks like the Washington team that lost to Oregon by 20. Not much confidence in the Huskies to turn it around
RT : My father's petition 4 release was denied by NY parole board yesterday. I feel tired/scared/angry but never giving up ...
.login form .input next to .login input. I don't even know anymore.
Whatever happened to 's late night horoscope tweets though? Always a nice way of saying "GO TO BED, YOU LONELY LOSER"
RT : Yahoo sues Facebook over patents in N. Calif. federal court. Story on coming soon.
at #WonderCon this weekend! hoping I might meet at the panel tomorrow!
Happy hellos to , , RAM publications, Worldwide Books and many other friends exhibiting
Give us the scoop, Sarah, at and we'll give you some props! Congrats on the new gig at Tallahassee Museum!
Roger Federer is so going to weep Jo Wilfried Tsonga ass, Roger has waited for this revenge for a long time
ha! awesome. Maybe 's next album cover?
Tough to beat C-ville in October. U.Va. Homecomings is this weekend. Just sayin'.
If you see the ladies of just randomly hug them. They say they don't like it but they do. Even if they squirm. LOL!
ah! 90 more tweets! and its....the 27 of december....wow...i should catch up..
Can you follow me?
We've got fresh, flavorful wings and Monster energy drinks waiting for you! Call 442-4242 and order now!
It's never to late!
U’ve tried 2 rock a celeb look & after 1 visit 2 the salon ur hair looks like a mess. Why is ur hair not quite just as hot? Stay tuned!
What type of music gets you moving when you run? We are working on our next event playlist and we want to know what you want to hear!
I wont accept second thats simply unacceptable
I like a store where you can pay your light bill, buy a 40, "cash a check," & buy single cigs. ...It's all about convenience.
#FacebookNeedsToAdd the disclaimer to bitches profiles 'I'm borderline psycho and will kill and cook your pet'
I'm reluctant about calling a 7-game playoff series over after Game 1 ... especially if we're talking about the
Off to my dance show! Wish me luck?
Decided against patronizing a business because they used Homestead to create their site.
the homie said he had did a ratchet hook recently but I bet its not more ratchet than wht & I wrote 4 Jeremih
iMM LiVE iT HOW iTALK iT
SYRACUSE, NY - SAMMIE WILL BE IN THE CITY (((APRIL 21)))
To nap or not to nap..?
do tell.
what kind of dog is that? it's adorable!
Lunch time = Pizza time.
Cementing your brand in Hollywood on Sunset Strip.
thank you baby and I like you .. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
i may not always tweet. but when i do, im
yep it is... But not what I use...I've got a rode mt-1a & groove tubes gt50
lmao i donnnttt think we can fish there! but its worth a shot right?!? hha
Whoop whoop just have to survive until sat RT: It's Monday and officially 's birthday week!!!!! Yeeee
fyi all therapists were booked this week so this has to do.
He said "if you plan on wearing your hair curly in future just don't work anymore"
Awww...Thanx Mama Alex! Miss u!!! XoXo. Lunch soon?!?!
Looks like Corey Hart is starting another hot streak this weekend.
That's why I sprang for the full passport. Sorry you're not in Canada.
he's a she!
What are the best email marketing software systems that include a auto responder and shopping cart features?
“: - I will be there next month. See you next month for another great event.”-me too! Bring friends!
Hell Yeah Buckeyes! Final 4 bound!
Hahaha yes RT: I get really angry when people wear flip flops on House Hunters. You're on TV. Get your shit together.
We can't all be heroes because someone has to sit on the curb and clap as they go by.
Damn my guy what's the deal
bought it yesterday...on page 202 today....
- thanks for the mention of Backyard Campout on your blog! Hope you and your kids have a fantastic time.
Looking back, I realize I saw a lot more than I should have as a kid.
What pizza describes you best?
I think is not even a isue if we now n love God we will talk to every one the way God will talk to us cause we want to be like God notbegod
Holy heck. Just watched and, wow...
You have to learn from the people who don't learn!
I just sent a help request but I need help FAST. Do you have any other means of support?
Haha! Those Mex. restaurants are responsible for my need to buy a miracle suit for swimming! Lol!
Sounds good to me.
Also: if a vegetarian chef makes it past 1st round, double bonus.
Just burned some sage in my apartment. It smells like soapy weed.
my ignorance is bliss..
wuz up bro long time no talk
OH HEY THERE.
Saw THG again. That movie will never get old :)
Send me a DM with the roku serial number and I'll make sure it can get the update
for those kids that need to use the neighborhood library to access a computer, the cloud evens the playing field.
The world sees you as you appear to be; God sees you as you really are..He sees your heart & He understands your intentions.
I talked to Kevin durant and he said "a sweep was in order"...I agree
they declined your apology didn't they?
really miss my brother.
RT : God is so good .
I thought I was broke, now I know I am. --- Paying bills
My daughter graduates from pre-school today!
hey! Hw r u!? Yea, I wish he could draw me up some too, oh how it is to be a kid and dream big lol
I wish I still played soccer. I wish I was still in high school playing soccer
Happy Birthday Sir Elton, one of the greatest performers in the world!
I miss you.
Point blank is much better then tebow at qb!!! Get off your man crush
haha! Ugh, it's going to take a miracle for me to make any sort of comeback. My team=Cubs of the league.
thank you
While it's true YOLO but do you really want to waste the ONE life you have with an STD?
Thank you!
glad he finally found out
i already have the duct tape, flavored lube, sex toys, and all 8 seasons of desperate house wives. lets get to work.
Father, I am called to be your child. Today I will look closely at the quality of the faith you have given me and marvel. What a miracle!
RT : Teaching proper eating habits and providing time for exercise works wonders on a child's potential to excel -...
I like to eat pasta that isn't cooked. So yummy and crunchy. M
Writing sesson about to commence... finally!
I honestly love so much.
Looking forward to meeting you & all the other interns this summer!
Staples Center's about to get crazy in a couple hours. Going to Clippers/Grizzles Game 3! Then watching Mayweather/Cotto later!
We are taking a quick break. Pause for the cause.
Masters Minute: Monte Carlo, April 20 Friday's Play (1) Djokovic d. Haase, 6-4, 6-2 —Dig beneath the surface of this routine scoreline
Had a great dinner now gonna find something to do!
what do you need?
RT : everyone can't be like u and never sleep// But i do sleep tho!
I love that Sergio's NBA profile picture, linked from the Sacremento Kings Web site, still has him in his Blazer jersey.
I'm on my grown woman and I need the match!
Thanks 4 the follow
lol thanks love . I have to go goodnight .
Standard. Running UB Mill (and it's pretty slow-- eek!).
I can't exactly explain why, but I think this is the best thing I've ever read on Twitter : )
She is one in a million girls...
after you.” “I am willing to redeem it,” he replied. 5Boaz continued, “When you acquire the property from Naomi b-and from Ruth
I guess I'm just use to my southern women who takes it slow and not all fast acting as these booshie.
Lmbo!! That is so true, the malls are whack!
Marathons are fuuckking HARD! No Sub 4. But 40 minute PR.
The party starts tonight with And maybe Gonna be a great weekend.
Have you bought your 3rd Annual Bachelor/ette Auction "Flashes of Hope" tickets yet? Don't wait too long! This event is going to sell out.
Regardless, I'm w/ you, just saying he was basically same hitter all yr. That was impressive. PT, D hurt in '12, as you said.
Yes ma'ma!
I finished everything BUT my essay -_____-
my ass
Be one of the 1st in a new snack company! Free to enroll, whole foods type snacks! Delivered to your door! suzanne.snackhealthy.com
Gotta go for low hanging fruit...NoFo!
In love!
I chose to watch the wrong Heat game. -.- First shot in and Lee is already on the floor. -_-
Legal document server, Sacramento, CA. Call 916-509-0677
GM! Thanks for the follow
#iBeatMyDickSoMuch That my skeet can shoot up to 6inches......I measured it.
I spent the morning taking more photos to fill ina few holes, hope to fill in missing text ASAP
Akinade: Africa is lagging behind...and I'm not happy about this.
. Thanks very much. Great Novel Writing Conference this weekend by Clearly many great books in the works!
thanks lol. I would have stressed all day trying to figure it out. Now ima download it haha
Mike said the same thing ;)
Test kitchen last night I experimented making a foccacia bread. Fam loved it but I'm a perfectionist and will keep tweaking the recipe
Nothing worse than being on the bus next to a sick person
you bet!!
I also love Jerry Lee Lewis.
Healthcare-The Medicare Advantage Program was the test for socialized healthcare that failed! Stop Gov Reform Now www.theprofittrap.com
Dude you just f*cked up your Ferrari. Seriously, greatest Bay flick ever.
OH! THE PLACES YOU'LL GO! You'll be on your way up! You'll be seeing great sights!-Dr. Suess
yucky... kinda glad it's not me LOL
thanks for the follow! You are our new favorite follower. Which means nothing. We just like how u like the beach. Congrats!
Aha man. He living that life.
I wish I could do that before work. It's such a bummer that I am responsible.
but of course.
It's #humpday! Stop by any of our 8 San Diego locations to get your weekend tan ready.... 50% off instant tans today only!
Hummingbird, just let me dive, inside the broken ovals of your olive eyes
Drinking my cereal bc im to lazy to go get a spoon. I win(: haha
This is a very odd telecast, some parts are very good, others very awkward.
I work tonight too!I wish I could have met u when you came in, I told Brit I've been wanting to cause I'm into acting/modeling!
sent a dm to your old account damn it! Sorry, check it :-)
Sublime, or Janis Joplin? IT MATTERS.
Oh, Mr. Wonderful. He needs to be put in his place by someone, somewhere, somehow.
Had a great closing today's thanks to
It kind of smells like my grandmother...thinking about it turns me on.
That's hilarious and so true!
thank you for the follow sir!
Flyers stepped it up in the 3rd period, but you have to figure a weird bounce is going to decide it. Either way, amazing game. Go Flyers
On My Way Home <3
Hustlin' is my girlfriend, failure is my ex, i'm married to the money, but i'm fucking the hell outta success!!
If I'd known it would've done that & made up cough & sneeze, I would've never sprayed it :/ I hated myself that night -_-
with that spit on his beard
You don't care
happy mother's day to you Ashley. Being a mommy to animals is a mommy nevertheless <3 hugs.
I saw him in the online scheduler somewhere...
Happy Birthday to Michael Tuttle and Deol D'souza from all of us here at Dell University - Oklahoma!
so good. (garden state was also a fabulous movie and that's where i first heard the song!)
#SupportTheArts check out my Green man done my a local traveling artist
If you're 18 or older come play trivia with and me tonight at Oasis inside Minglewood Hall! Its at 10 pm and its free to play!
All they really want is to be maintained in the good opinion they have of themselves.- Albert Camus
Thank you my friend!! Hope you have wonderful weekend plans ahead!!!
RT : Chargers officially retire No. 55
Dear it's OK to admit that moving the kick off up is a bad idea. You still have time to make it right by the beginning of the season.
WHY IS THIS GIRL SO UNBELIEVABLY AWKWARD?!?!
Happy birthday !!! We know the DJ
I am not at a dead end. I am reaching a new beginning.
Crimes against Ewen AND crimes against fashion!
like what is the surprise i am follow ing him and u but i can un follow u !! if u dont tell me !!!!!!!;0
Lmao!! I shouldn't have asked. You're a fuckin machine. Lol! I guess this 22 minutes on the treadmill won't cut it. Lol
Celebrate summer w/ live music, complimentary wine & appetizers. See live birds from the Raptor Center, take guided garden tours & more.
yeah , i think it's now obvious .
Wishful thinking my boy!
have a GREAT SWEET WEEKEND sweetheart! C: <3ILY's :3 aahaha
I love my friends <3 lol
I'm gonna marry someone who can come home to and relax with a beer :)
NFL en espanol no mi gusto!
I love the way you lie. <3 ... Just kidding. Next time you lie to me I'll throw a chair at your face.
you don't need even to hint, I'm with you in spirit. All of you deserve a better outcome xx
Having a good day! Tweet nee of you wanty to talk
Ovaries, I do not need you acting up when the whole upper part of my torso hates me, too.
June 29,Section 3,Row L #1DTOURUSA If you had to cast each other as characters in the movie mean girls who would each of you be?-Madison
Example: Judge: "So Mr. Davis, you need an extension of time, yet you spent your entire Tuesday quote 'funneling beers at the Marlins game?"
and that's why dogs are the best. They are full of love. (Mine sure is.)
Washington is really growing in me. Such a beautiful place a lots to see its nice to catch up with my amazing girls #FunAdventure <U+263A>
SO FUCKING OVER the people in this house. I CANNOT fucking take it.
I don't mind paying for the phone itself b/c it can do so much but then to have to pay $120 a month for service too? No thax!
The right one will love all the things about you that the wrong one was intimidated by.
Quiet night soaking in tub ended when Night on Bald Mountain came on Pandora classical.
Confidence, confidence, confidence...need we say more?
Nope, you are correct. Sorry, hadn't updated the list...
Haha! He looks extra creepy
If you're a man in the NYC area who's daughter gave you an autographed Derek Jeter ball for Father's Day, You are having a miserable day.
I'd like to be positive about the whole thing, but she started a website called hello giggles and I just can't stand for that
makin me some coffee i need energy!
This vacation went by too fast!!! D":
I might have my kid fire someone today.
What do you expect from a SoCal boy... His mind has been forever skewed by the notion of fame...
I don't cheat. I got sick of being played. So now I play the game.
I love you too sister. Thank you. :)
Thanks! #wifilmfest is heating up. More original content coming. So, stay tuned. And keep those awesome tweets rolling!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: John Barleycorn - Pub (live updates)
Bros betwixt hoes is my policy.
What do you do?
well , had your hair done last nite so that gives u some cred
I know - Remind me to get you a copy of this awesome T&H book about signage and how to do it right. Pro tip: Germany.
Choose your allies wisely......it's a war outchea!!
what was the consensus? Branding on Pinterest; yea or nay?
yes exactly my point. they tend to hate on da stronger team but it only makes thm better
I understand that you "don't do the whole girlfriend thing" but it sucks not hearing from you.
Plaintiff's lawyers are job creators: I filed a suit last year and now 25 lawyers have been hired to defend it.
you're responsible for me FOLLOWING --->>> :)
Good Morning Friends. Enjoy your weekend!
Exactly. Putnam's "Bowling Alone" thesis predates MySpace, Livejournal, Blogger, and broadband connections.
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
I only do live shots anymore my friend! You on Linkedin?
pick you should.
Ball don't lie.
P.A. is some how an acronym for bitch
6 I think
Check out Madison No Fear Dentistry booth at this weekend's event to get a great healthy smile :)
Watching Tom Green filling in for Ron Zappolo on #KDVR tonight. I've always thought he's a really under-rated anchor.
we will be seeing you guys real soon for some
Thirsty? Take your pick of craft brews:
s/o to u to my nig!
is loving Portland and the NCPH Conference! Thanks to and for a great panel
The Pens also had no defense or goaltending, so no they weren't.
Coming up May 6, 6-9pm -- First Friday event with live music from ! No cover, all ages welcome, more info soon!
FOUND HIM!!!
hahahah that's funny!
- I raise my hands N the Air from the heart of DC for RED TAILS this weekend!
Barnes and Noble is NOT letting people camp out before 6 or camp out Monday as it's considered a nuisance. -
<U+2665>_<U+2665> One Direction Is So Sexy I Cant Even
Chey Is Way Happy In The Morning . Wish I Could Be Like That !
What are you thanking me for???
Happiness, I want it all.
alright... Let's do this!!
We've reached the fish taco portion of our day.
Hope you have the bestest birthday ever girlie(: best wishes to come<3
Go see the Chicago Symphony Orchestra: Malkki Conducts Strauss tomorrow in style! Use Mr. Chauffeur's affordable limo service! 630-363-9027
I am so ready for summer!! :) Bring on the sunshine, and the beach!
Yes! RT : Always thankful to be back in Chicago.
PRETTY GIRL PRINCESS,NO YOU DONT KNOW ME,
RT : Flowers...are a proud assertion that a ray of beauty outvalues all the utilities of the world. - Ralph Waldo (cont)...
are you on a state-wide DMV tour?
I'm so pumped up for s wedding!
just played a tune over skype with a friend in new jersey.
Being single = less drama, but lonely. Being in a relationship = chance of being cheated, but chance of being loved. The choice is yours.
ok it's a late reply. Read the Screw Letter Tapes. I love the way he constructs the dialog.
“Hard work spotlights the character of people; some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don’t turn up at all.”
Watch out for the creepers
Bout to be up all night
Want my hair twist
thanks! See you tonight
Thank you, Jana! We love love love love you right back. :-)
In the TV movie, the F.L.A.G. serum is only used in the modern day. Steve Rogers is a modern guy.
Old dudes on bikes; chill out.
": lmao you know im your favorite person in fourth!! duh" nope is! Lol
Happy Birthday Kameron!! <U+E312><U+E310> Enjoy :) <U+E112>
I let all the nonsense skate so me and you can
Me too, I tweeted Mama Bird highschool pic she was FYE lol RT : #Random My mom is a hot mom....I intend to be a hot mom as well.
Not exactly sure. I thought I found one, but can't find it now. o.O
Thanks Ray.
Southern Indiana in the spring makes me wax poetic. Everything is in bloom.
Please tell congrats and that we miss him tons on twitter!!!
Sergeant fuzzy boots
CEO Elisabeth Mason led all-star panel Fri in exploring solutions to boost students' chances of persistence & completion.
Curren$y album drops today. Mastered by our very own
touche.. i woke up at 6ish
Bulls are getting to the ball a step faster than the 76ers so far, as Chicago is feeding.off the home crowd. CHI 25 PHI 16
When does swim team start?
will put that on my wish list. Any in particular stand out in Tulum? Headed back in a month
Want some chicken
Too Big To Ignore is GREAT!!!, laughed my A** off, well not quite;) lol Congrats again !
Miss faked her love
Thanks for the sample of Seattle'sBestCoffee! Just got it in the mail today.
Mrs and Mr <U+10E6>
Big show in tears?! Real men cry!
Stop being weird lol YOU tweeted ME
MoronPosingChristians:Read da Bible cover2cover using a concordance&dictionary praying first!No1knows da hour,day&has da mind of da Creator!
giving the iPad application a thorough run through tonight. I've been super pleased with your desktop application, very Interactive!
'Meet me in Chelsea' #hometownslogans LAME
Watching "A Chorus Line". This movie is epic but why won't Cassie (and her mullet) go away.
Im more selective in my twitter posts these days* *everyone I've plagiarized already has found me out
yep time for MUSIC
Its alright, just dont do it again. RT : okay, sorry daddy.
Tilda has moves like Bowie
Gitelman: While Busa is often recognized as "father of digital humanities," she's suspicious when we all have the same version of history.
dude my hat is flying away to mindless behavior house RT
Excited about #THEDRAMAYEARS? It will be in a store near you on April 3! So proud of !!!!
So busy Robert! Planning on calling you tomorrow, is that ok?
Saturday: LEARN conference with addresses by both Congressman Chakah Fattah & Governor Ed Rendell #LEARN2012 :...
the human heart in conflict with itself is the only thing worth writing about.
Yay!! If you run to Canada, don't forget to stop by.
I hear you on the PhD apps. They sure were a pain.
good luck with that one, brah. Bet those dudes on TV find Bigfoot before you get maki rolls with a human meeting that criteria.
she said ya, just call the salon after 10 tomorrow and make a appt. She doesn't exactly when she is free.
Knitting for beginners? Materials included? Yes, please!
Day 5 of my 5 day fast! Feeling great.
thank you for sharing that magical image with us all.
You don't realize you haven't been breathing in fresh air until you do, in the middle of beautiful, nowhere America.
#yousayyougotswag but does your polo shirt have 5 legs?
… 501 jeans on bitch I'm counting figures !
thts my nigga! Lol But yea..it be borin af out here! Unless you got sum for us to do.
I deleted my instagram last night, twitter is getting close.
What time is green flag today?
good job winning your match!(:
In the town dancing wit chucky and terrance
Breathe me in and leave me for dead like all of the rest.
Not fair, who are we to make fun of! RT : Elisha Justice leaving Louisville for Pikeville
I'm broke! Haha
... how much time commitment are we talking, really? I think that's my largest issue/concern.
Can't wait to hear about visitation today. BTW, there are some hotties in D.C.
Love u mother!!.. 4 everything u done n tought me!..
Thanks I'll give that a shot
I'm unique, i'm different, i'm limited edition because there's only one of me in the middle of billion on this earth."
Dale just looked over me at my phone and yelled "dirty pictures" to the class. I just will never understand what drugs this lady takes.
RT miss you ! “: I wish I was with my beautiful piece of art right now”
AP reports Whitney Houston has died.
Punch and Astrobot KILLED that shit too, though. Like.. that song is very very good. Words can't describe it.
It's a sacrifice I'd be willing to make..lol jk.....kinda.
Hi Mom.
its like if Mater picks a day to fight
Moving back to NYC (UWS) with my bellabike cargo bike. Dare I lock it up on the street overnight? find a garage space? Daily commute w/ kids
Remember when Capos hadn't given up a run in May? That's over now. 0-2 for
Not a surprise!! We'll have to add you to our dinner gang. My wife's an outstanding cook & we are foodies.
I seriously hate it when people change plans and don't let you know until later
call Karen Walker
Drive fast cars... fuck bad hoes
Being home alone and blasting the music up as loud as possible>>>
Sunday... lunchtime! How about some Nachos?
Just joined Twitter
word up
RT : Amazing Nightcap party last night! Thanks to all of our friends, clients & for making it so fun.
no link?
very handsome! ;)
I don't know how I feel about the fact that I understand that reference
Check out the new widget! Definitely integrating this into our website :)
love Philly because it's super dog-friendly!
I wear my shades in and outdoors.
After a near goal on a 2 on 1 the #Bruins will be on the PP
That was my initial reaction as well.
Can't help but notice how popular pack defense is becoming. We r blessed in Wis to have so many great coaches in recent memory!
Just confused the potowatomi stage for the potowatomi stage. I knew it was too good to be tru 3rd row for robert randolph
wait: what?
told me what
that sounds great! will also be interested in i'm sure!
there is college fantasy football. U-sports.com since 1996!
is everybody in?
If I didn't get distracted, I'd never learn anything new.
Just found out about Mindy Kaling's new show and squealed. So excited.
I'm going to the #Idaho Caucus tomorrow for #SuperTuesday...Come restore America with me & #RonPaul !
Bones and Phil have chemistry (Can't buy it). You and Lopez made #golf fun. Tiger needs a guy like you on #PGA to keep it light.
Join my new group on LinkedIn: Leaders in PM Process Improvement in the Greater New York City Area
I was twitterless for a few days, but I'm back!
"Speed Up & Scale Out your Enterprise Applications with #Terracotta" is in less than 1 hour. Stop by our booth to learn more.
Truly...You have as much love as you need from me Billie ;) BTW Kobe must play like he did tonight....EVERY game to win series.
Always go with the decision that makes for a better story...
Or for people who like sweet and salty. I love mango salsa, but only with chips and beer.
not much wat about u
Congrats on your grand opening. Cheers
hey cudi do you love the Indians like I love my Sox?
#whosgonnalose - (UDPATE) Arizona v Nebraska - change to tie vote
#WhatBrightensUpMyDay……Just Seeing You & Your Smile :)
Yo, so did you make it through Friday the 13th with no bad luck? Happening again in 13 weeks!
yeah hurry up. VIP treatment is hard to come by
Hi Texas, how are you doing this evening?
What steps are taking this next week to make your life better? Please share would love to know.
People annoy me... A lot!!
Don't let the fear of making the wrong decision prevent you from making any decision at all. Go 4 it you will be fine!!!
:O #BrittnyGriner holy moses!
that requires me to shower and get dressed. so much work. im lazy in the bones.
Great Q. No altmetrics in this study. Was from 1998-2008 & not with any peds who tweet! But intriguing idea, next project?!
Can't get over the fact didn't win!Your voice is amazing and perfect in everyway:)Love you
It's totally ok. I appreciate the info!
no problem!!
gaahhh its absolutely nuts...like everyone from high school either has a child or one is on the way
If I was a boxer and I was loosing I would be doing the windmill the whole last round.
WORRYING does not take away tomorrow's TROUBLES; It takes away today's PEACE.
Where you thinking of? London, presumably.
About to walk out this house. I can't take it!
When did lose all that weight? Wasn't there a line in Funny People about getting skinny=unfunny?
rules are ment 2 be broken so lets have fun for once
did you here the track ?
Good Luck!
Woke up feeling blessed
album is awesome! Go to your nearest Barnes & Noble to listen and purchase! It is so good we play it in the store!
So happy to be bartending again
some ppl are attention seekers... me? .... i aint about that shit
Having said that, I can see why you would feel that way.
Thanks for the RT and the follow. I look forward to sharing tweets!
nice! Which color is your fav?
To my librarian/info sci friends: Who uses digital binders? Any safe, free, options? Have lots of difft files I need to compile & share.
Yes, it's ridic.
Good shit Darren
please give me your #POWER ! I'm done charging my phone every hour !
Why you gotta be so mean?
never choose the backscatter, If some fool touches my junk, I would punch first and then press civil charges. 10k fine?
"What we academics so often forget is the role played by the sensibility that arises out of the streets around us" - David Harvey (1 of 2)
there seem to be a lot of pinterest clones lately
my guess is that Walker is gleefully anticipating beating Falk to death in general with the (WAY too early) AFSCME endorsement
LOL oh we'll be doing a lot more fun stuff before nxt yr. esp. with you around!
i was with him here at school. & he's prolly gonna be home with mom when u get there
I have got to send you something herbal!
Late, cool.
Wat is that on tv or internet?
Reality is about to set in though <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Thanks for the RT.
it's embarrassing. Especially the homophobic slurs.
If noone tries to help change the issue, how will it get fixed? Someone has to try to help.
really like the crotch rub in your dance routine. super klassy with a k.
hurry it up. Or you can come out to ar-Kansas and we can go gator hunting
The notebook is the best movie tho. <3.
flowers, people, landscapes, makeup, honesty, love, kindness, prayer, music, friends ~
#TeamNotDoingShitTodayAtSchool I never do shit any other day so<U+E404>
I almost killed my dad and I in the car today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8> I was so scared
drank a little too much last nite....im good tho
Taked to my cousin Rose Long and sister Fay. Had a great time. Cynthia Harris
I need a doctor~
I have met u once if I ever get the chance to meet u again do u think u would remember me?? I'm an unforgettable person!! HAHA XOXO
"Yes, We just did a free giveaway. is about 'Helping Me, Help You.' afterall..." -
omg what channel?!? What show?!
Only #100days till #London2012 Opening Ceremony! What's your favorite Olympic memory?
Works for me!
Everyone should be really cool and follow my band :D
I just wish it didn't come on 17 times a day.
A very sore back
I'm on lunch break, plenty of time to look at em!
I want Chloe and Tanner to be those high school sweethearts that get married and have babies and stuff
Saturday ate 5 Star Burgers after my aunts funeral.Impressed.
RT Schnitzel sliders are made with pork, not the traditional veal
cute puppy
S/o to Luis for bringing my dog back, stupid dog she would get out! <U+E40E>
Isn't it amazing?... someday.
Hi, we're a new church in your area. Exciting & loving. Check us out & follow back & our pastor @!bishopforeman
I love me some Big Jake, you are a lucky bird
yes sir
you know when you see the plus sign its an International call!
Denver, Colorado
RT : Special Birthday S/O to our brother, our fam, the man behind the account, King Dizzle. Happy Birthday brother
creator the ,tyler
“: Oxi Clean commercials just aren't the same without Billy Mays.... #RIP”
#VEVOnewfront. Reid: "Brands need to be involved with music artists early in their career."
Just submitted artscape proposal for ambitious collaboration... Keeping fingers crossed!
Gingers are my favorite.
My tears taste like tuna.
lol these lames is real funny....they aint never gon show they face...they gon hide and talk shit....its scr8 though...let da party begin
give kim a call when u get a chance
I really don't think anyone uses twitter the way I do.
Feels like the whole city has calmed down
Tweet me maybe?? or maybe not... ok I get it
Good Morning.... "Happy Friday"
Thanks for the RT love, !
see you all this afternoon at the Diamond Club! Looking forward to my second Fish game of the series!!!
I publish ebooks. For many pubs, I suspect an ebook is a way to keep a title "in print" and thus keep rights from reverting.
There' a higher level then the top,so u got to make more, don't make do with what u got....
best of luck man
The first member of the theater group is here. We have begun.
my dad rages around anybody. He doesn't care. That's why no one comes over when he's here!
Wil you do an #imagine for meh?!?
Andreas & Goran are playing right now, they sound incredible! come down!
Best embrace the suck.
What district are Katniss, Peeta and Gale from?
do you want nappy nigger hair?
Yeah, there was a snafu. No big.
You should NEVER let go of a female who will ALWAYS hold you down. That's Wife material!
Oh Twitter how have I missed thee. I am back! woot!
This girl yawantia feel asleep again
your welcome n HAPPI 4TH OF july
Being in Severna Park makes me have to repeat, "I love my mom, I love my mom, I love my mom." Because, you know, Severna Park.
Not really. :P
naw not really just kind of a chuckle but dam gotz to find me one of those kind of female's..
She ruined my morning. Keep her on Fox where trash and lies are expected.
YAY! More stress :D
Buying ugly houses today
Re: I'm at Marin Color Service (770 2nd Street, San Rafael) - And why should we care? 4sq is so annoying.
Have you been to Lucky's on Tuesdays?? Check it out...
Looking to get into the compositions of Pleyel - any recs for a good starting point? - DvL
Oh look at the time.... Pffft screw school. it isn't almost 1:00 A.M.... #Sobored!
OK...Good
there is little I love more than the Houston skyline.
A Hooded Oriole built a nest in our front yard. Fun to watch colorful Dad going back & forth to nest.
Stained Concrete Flooring Metro Atlanta www.AcidStainer.com 770-380-5277 High Gloss Marble Look Basement Flooring Atlanta Ga Custom Designs
Let's go simple. I'll lay this out very simply. SHUT UP.
Thank you everyone that has helped or is helping our Music Video shoot Jan 30th. This is going to be fun!
sweet! i just found out that we're staying on the opposite side of Hawaii as you :( but we are gonna take a day trip up there!
okay NO! I have to take you now lol!
We've got $2 #LabattBlue tall boys for all you #hockey fans today! All 3 games will be shown here tonight!
P90X on deck...let's do this
Austerity is not a dirty word. Fugality shows discipline.
Place just went nuts! Stewart's first homer at Coors comes at the perfect time. 6-6, bottom 9
: our duty to keep a promise for future generations - cleaner water, cleaner air for our kids...deserves a national voice
Happy anniversary!
This is what you call a classic backwards situation. RT : I received +K in Subaru from , thanks!
- They were brilliant!
'85 Jackson Soloist in my avatar!
Errol FlynnCar sickness is the feeling you get when the monthly payment is due
thanks!!! Can't wait. Should be a great time. Taking a first-timer with me
Not that at all
Like to write one--what a fascinating instrumentation and subject! What are the details?
yeah, he is "fine", but imagine if he was your hardest worker in the gym how much better he could be. Stop mking excuses, he's fat
The 40 Year Old Avery Jessup
Had a great time here at Western! Campus is beautiful and the people couldn't be nicer. I think I'll be just fine here in August!
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf. -Walter Lippman
Stuck at the gig
I'm impressed you know that song.... I just started using it a few weeks ago... Goes over great... How've you been?
A good day for Texas & America - Unveiling of #TejanoMonument at Texas State Capitol and honoring leaders
Omfg!!!! I'm alive after successfully climbing Koko Head! My legs are shaking.
because it was amazing!!!!
add me on bf3! name: rbkl
Sushi sake with the little brother, as a thanks for taking me to the hospital today
Had a great weekend, it was beautiful weather here for the first festival of the season !! Now rain for 3 days.. ;)
And you better NOT be late for CHURCH
is listening to the album Chameleon, by German band Helloween. One of the best rock albums ever. :)
thanks for RT'ing!
I mean didnt the Bears learn from Colorado st's Caleb Hanie there are no players in the WAC give up the contract!
Black men are quick to venture out into other ethnicities and so are White women. I think Black girls should open up & White guys should too
oh no, i can just enjoy what i hear w/out bein in it lol
Legoland it is...let us know for sure!! Sorry about your legs that is a bummer. Take your horse pills and get better. :)
Love New Background!! You're so Gorgeous
RT : Larry Bird won Executive of the Year. 19 of 30 GMs got at least 1 vote. Ernie Grunfeld was not on any ballots.
I saw it and thought visionary, fraudulent, and empirical
A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, Listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left. <U+2665>
I'm overboard.
This scrimmage has been awful, I really hope Josh, and Ron are okay):
Fortune favors the brave
I don't think about tomorrow, I live for today -Jesus Santos
Thanks, , for #sloancres. Presenters sparked many terrific ideas for furthering online #STEM education. Much appreciated!
Mobileprenuer!!! ...Mobile Happens, is it happening for you or your competition??!!
how awesome. Great to hear the show was really good.
I love Justin biebers new song
Heading back to Portland today.
We have similar film taste so I trust your judgement on Avengers. Seeing it in 6 hrs.
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
. is a Twitter prodigy.
And that's a wrap. Finished the 5K #mbcrteamfiu good times, good times.
Innovation: If it's important to you, you will find a way. If not you will find an excuse.
Just heard two old people talking about having sex, and suddenly can't get the horrifying noise of doors creaking out of my head
hey ya me isistes el face book
Good shit Nigga!!! Is this a year contract this time or a one day thing?
Whos going to be my valentine this year? two valentines i would love forever.
looking like a good night for KARAOKE at The Safehouse and 3 Lions Pub :)
there we go.. excellent point. It's hard to prove your opinion either way.
So good day everyone time for work !! Have a fabulous day :)) <U+2661>
100% store bought
#iplspring seminal decision Qualitex v. Jacobsen Prods. Co. (SCOTUS 1995) - unanimous opinion that color alone may be protected as TM
because you care about people that don't care about you...
All i can hope for is that after this while girl, i hope that you smile when you see me
Starting to wonder
Just subscribe to MLB TV today and the Phils are blacked-out and not on Fox in Dallas!
U don't want me I can simply say fuck u YOLO!;)
2 New Tracks Written. Mixing Tomorrow. Things are getting exciting for
Red pants.
Duh , Who Else ? Lmao ": if you talking bout my son he right here"
Please follow :)
Anyone else feeling particularly stressed today? Cocktail!
carl's jr in c-wood? wordd =P ->KimBeezy<-
makes all the #meatheads look good
Such great company - Tony & Brad! Can't wait to hear you & speak on Weds. yey!
REMINDER: Tales from the Ethereal Plane: Volume 1 will be FREE this Thursday.
He said grand
Lying is pointless.
RT : "Truly hate ugly app icons, devs please don't overlook this aspect of your projects" Can you say "Good Reader"?!
Thanks for letting me teach such a fun class this weekend! Can't wait to get my hands dirty with you again soon!
i have forwarded this to child protective services...one for stealing my child and two for hanging him...
The Joker > Luke Skywalker
Everything is Illuminated! Love weekends cuddling with a good book.
I'm gonna grow a beard.
A huge Congrats to our hermana for winning Greek Woman of the Year at GW!!! We love you and are so proud of you!
I hate when people play stupid mind games with me.
school needs to be over soon #iwantsummer :/
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
I've eaten many poboys, especially in NOLA East, made with Vietnamese bread.
having Pierogies on Christmas Eve and during Lent that were made by the church ladies of our Catholic Church.
Haven't even started mine. M'eh. What's the worst that could happen?
So sad. RT : Junior Seau!?!OMG- Junior Seau. What price fame and glory?
New video up on youtube
Hoppy Easter every bunny!!
A clean colon allows your body to absorb more nutrients. Buy CleanStart colon cleanse by Utah based company Nature's Sunshine!
i love you too . and you better not doubt me again ! lmao I Love You EmmyBearr !
Going to the Shakespeare festival.
Speaking of Clark Gable, that song is playing right now on my Pandora. PS. I saw a Zumba infomercial. I'm convinced.
Ok, but don't be yourself....be that person everybody wonders about!
and the list of reasons i love keeps going :)
Feels like we're cramming all of 2012 into January...
Sometimes, I want Santorum to win primary. So that his crushing defeat in election might spur Rep Party to improve, be rational.
And through these lines and quotes you gotta find some hope cause I ain't dying. My words gon' last forever.
we'll see...depends on how the team is. Happy about them drafting Leuer, he played for UW badgers, I go to many of those games.
"I'm not living if your not by my side!!" - Nicki&&Chris!
if you follow me it'll make my life the best<U+2665>
Hello Yes, a fine piano can add sunshine to the darkest day!
So who's going to school tomorrow
Sad face :(
Good morning texts >>>>>
It has been quite a day. Just want to remind all you dogs out there to tell you parents be careful of us as we are outside!! Thanks!!
I am not going to college. I have a career already and I'm sticking to it. No matter what..
How was Inman Park Restaurant Week for you guys?
Amazing and HOT day at ! Thanks for dancing even in 90° heat! True warrior status!
Scraping HTML/CSS together for a site. Opera, Chrome, Safari, FFox: coolio. IE: WTF? Do people still use that POS? I kinda miss Mosaic...
Have you ever considered the stress test scenario for tomorrow 13% unemployement 50% decline in the equities markets and 25% housing values…
The Testosterone Festival floor is set, the stage is built, and the chicks have tried on their SugarBaby bikinis... we're ready! TTFest.com
Nothing feels better than after a great lift
Just watched a Pro Bowler Shoot a perfect 300! #$10,000.00 bonus
Have you tried to knit two socks at the same time? I have started that, but only have half of two socks! :)
My bus driver to damn nice he wait at this stop 4 like 10mins waitin 4 aLl des kids smh
The Mink downtown H-town the show is going down
I think getting rid of my #iPhone is the first step in quitting my technology addiction. some things i will never quit. like my macs :)
Where has the time gonee...
Guten Morgen Thanks for being a new follower and hope you enjoy our twinning tweets.
I kno it's a song, yet it's still impossible
MEMORY: once told me that staying home from work when hungover is JV. Now that dude is a creative director. Full on varsity.
and you call me a drunk
What hurts the most.....
agreed. Might borrow some ideas for use at wisc MT thanks for sharing some gr8 info tonite via session
starting 'em young
2 DAYS LEFT for our food drive!! Clean out those pantries! 3 canned goods = 1 free med coffee. Let's support our food bank!
looks good. where in LA?
The Underworld franchise is apparently as hard to kill as the main character in the Underworld franchise.
what time are you going up there & when will you be done? I'm going up there later, don't want to get in your way!
I will call tomorrow. Thank you so much!
srry i was eatin and yeah i do , but can we do it tomorrow cause someone else is using the ipad
I WANT THAT HAT NOW
Simple but wise advice from my friends - ABC (Always Be Charging) -
Nice!! Can't wait!
Paris is one of the few cities in the world that defines an entire country, yet stands singular and apart from it. -- Jennifer Lee
That quote killed me as well. Thanks for the tip!
I have a feeling Kimmy and Lucas are going to be my #dancemomsmiami favorites :) thoughts ?
Wink at your mate from across the room.
Diner with Lynda at the Olive Garden. Stuffed.
I'm not arguing with a baseball "fan" who insinuates O's fans are stupid but has never heard...
I loved that class! Who do you have?
Actually you want to go to kieran's for Open Mic Night? It promises to be awful[ly entertaining and somewhat racist].
Up early to try to get a Jason Wu dress at
okay thanks (: i'll hit you up if I got anymore questions
I didn't say it would be done.
RT Some shit easier said than done!
what happened? My dvr didnt record #happyendings. Will you come over and reenact it?
i am!
Co-CEO of & Member of the #SAP Exec Board, Jim Hagemann Snabe takes the stage to deliver his keynote "As Boundaries Blur"
Burger king then planet fitness
Note to self: don't eat snowies in the park if allergic to bees. Happy Earth Day!!!
Hope im wrong but I doubt we get to see any comp bball today. #kentucky rolling, see #kansas doing the same unless barnes brings it.
Deuteronomy 14:28-29 "...bring all the tithes of that year's produce..., so that...the fatherless...may come and eat and be satisfied"
maybe it's a longshot, but I'm trying to get into synth design. And I have no idea where to look for information. Got any tips?
(I'm not being snarky) your tweet about powerful leaders assumes that one is always beneath others and not at the top
Be yourself 'cause life's too short to be someone else.
Thanks man, that makes a guy feel good. Hope you are enjoying life there.
Cause I see some lady's tonight that should be havin my bae-bah, bae-bah
I'm drink one for the #thizz homies that got popped by feds this week. You know its #Thizziswhatitis #thizzin Dubee lil Bruce Miami
You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
Thank you oh delicious one!
Hey Chris! Good running into you tonight! Nice to see some Mississippi blood.
lol I was rofl when I heard that lol
thanks for coming out! BraziBites are so delicious!!
Nice. And it's downtown, right?
Hey bo
you know it...hell idk even know y i even gave them my numb. itts jus a damn shame...lol
“: and can feast on goat milk and honey dew melons”//LMAO!!!! I can't take it!!!
Anybody own the Williams-Sonoma digital oil & candy thermometer? It's just displaying lines. Changed the battery to no avail. Suggestions?
Avengers in an hour!! :)
Mr. Universe from is currently downloading. Can't wait to watch!
wish wpuld c this and rt
#UFC was definitely bad ass tonight!
What do you think are the three elements that make a great film?
It's Papelbon time.
LMFAO you just made me die Alyssa lmao ... Very true !
I forgot how hilarious I robot is. I cant help but laugh every time they say robot. However, the laughter stems from my fear of robots
Did you know? Jordan has an extra toe. But is it on his left or right foot?
Getting tweets to your phone is #classy (: #ClassyAllis fyi: my name is Alli 2(;
Tell your mom us GRANDerz said Happy Mothers Day!!! :)
I got a great idea...we should have sex
Pittsburgh , PA! We are performing tonight at The Smiling Moose! Doors at 530!
how you feeling?
Happy mothers day to all u beautiful mommies out there!
GO ! Game one here we go....
yeah the conan profile pic def threw me off!
Time is good as well because everyone needs to "calm down." Everyone on all sides is in agreement that there's a problem.
I'm the same way! But how can I help it when Groupon is the day job of half the actors in Chicago?
i'm too tired to get ready now .-.
It is a beautiful song but I like everything that you do.
“: “: Failure is a part of learning. #dtl2011 - but not part of the promotion/tenure process... ;)” it is where I work :)
I wonder what would be my reaction if I met Matt...lol
Thank the lord for waking me up this morning<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Just saw amazing clip of the film Romero on moral leadership in the face of mortal danger.
Bummer! Yes I will be attending the Detroit expo.
the important equation ! Punk
I wanna motorboat with LBT
Beautiful photos!
Having a hard time distinguishing a "bad boy" from a "good old boy."
Let's get #whatgodhasdoneforme trending instead
4th sack by by my count.
shit sux smh guess I'll just have to buy a new one. U gotta ps3?
Join Councilman TJ Dow on Fri. 6p at Faith Temple Church of God (7038 Lexington Avenue) for state of Ward 7 address.
that lady is cooking up some new Slobber Snaks flavors..coming soon!!
you can do it boo....im so proud of you!!!
came too far to lose It now hardwork.should pay off for me
I wish the Colts would draft RG3. He's crazy athletic
has some sexy ass hair.!(;
#TheHungerGamesTrailer was amazing! Can't wait for March 23, 2012!
Craig Volk~ The killing was the best part. It was the dying I couldnt take.
Could you tell us more about your property ?
get off your high horse you dwarf
Disagree re: <canvas> and libraries. We're working on a book locator that relies heavily on it.
I should be seeing you more. Maybe it was just wishful thinking. Need more girls nights!
Most non-partisan economists agree that the stimulus package saved or created 2 mil. jobs & kept unemployment below 12%. What failure?
Its not real, its never real I see the fiend in your eyes.
What mile marker you at, ? Ready for you at #AdWars at 1800 hours!
Howard Rambsy on prolific tweeters as already prolific writers. "How did they get here?" "Where are they going?"
Is that you, Christine? RT : Hello!
Oh yea and today is #NationalHonestyDay so no telling
Cocaine in DC elementary school. No surprise here when over 50M adults use. Had enough? FB coalition for a drug free home for info
Doubt it <3
Blasting "theraflu" while overdosing on theraflu...
Jeff Withey is getting molested.
Rick flair nigga
you're odd
Best part of my day, getting home and watching my lil one sleep ;)
I dislike the Bruins.
American or not-I wish you picnic feasts-fireworks-parades-swims in summer lakes that reflect blue skies-warm sun&cool breezes-love&freedom!
Tony allen got his ass smashed on!!!
Thanks to for offering a platform for filmmakers to show their work! We just submitted 'Briefcase' to the site!
Just finished watching dear John <U+2764>... Now heading to bed ... Goodnight tweeters!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
“: Nothing loves you back like your career can. So love it with passion and it'll give you a lifetime of happiness” #
We don't have a statewide signature count yet. We would like to collect 60,000 signatures in March. Can you help?
Finnish MP says he speaks publicly abt being gay not for others 2 bcome gay but 2 promote understanding. Norway event @
he saw u through the window and decided to give u a little midlife crisis gangsta style strip tease.
finally got 11:11 on my phone! Straight to ring tone :D hope your having fun at your photo shoot!x
I would miss being announced home coming princess because i was in the bathroom #talent :)
bout time! Hahaha. Your colorful bras are cute tho. Lol
is in my improv class
Fuck em. They're jealous they weren't fondled by The Dusky.
Glen, may I venture to ask what inference you would draw from that?
Thanks for the RT
It looks like we might have to close down our Facebook Group and just keep our Facebook Page instead.
Jesus, help me to simplify my life by learning what you want me to be and becoming that person. - Saint Therese of Lisieux
I don't understand how someone can hate Ed?
I guess I gotta bring in a fruit plate
Former World Champ Sean Grant just left the building with 10hrs qualifying left to go confident he will be in the playoffs!
Short selling the sub-prime mortgage market via credit default swaps will be viewed by historians as the beginning of the end of America.
i hope you got home safe hun
EVERYBODY FOLLOW THE HOTTEST DJ HE IS BREAKING RECORDS
Damn man
Follow me on instagram @ celeste_love !!i follow back:)
Start your Labor day weekend right!
Hey, anyone find a laptop charging cable at #swroc? cc:
hmm i am watching lost , and it's getting more lost again, lol
": Life is too short to waste one single second with someone who doesn't appreciate and value you..."
Cheer Comp in Cape Coral Saturday!!!!
S/o to Came thru on that Superbowl party.
S/o for the follow keep the real music alive!
back at ya, awesome Monday
This pisses me off.
feminism is dead, girls can't DJ, and david guetta is clearly
Who won da fight
Saddest part: watching vendors from my corp lib director days realize I can't afford those sweet deals now that I'm in academia
Last band show of my high school career today.....
Welcome to Boston!
We have Angry Orchard Cider available on draft. Might be adding a gluten free beer in the coming weeks.
please be in that show!!!!
Open access is moving copyrighted materials into the public domain at an excellerated rate. Free the hostages!
Ready for today!!!!
That's awesome.
Hey! I just realized you changed your name....are you cruising this year?
Congrats to all who purchased tonight's Locks! Will be either 7-2 or 8-1 tonight, either way a tremendous profit booster!
I just belted out 'Strawberry Wine' in my office. I did.
HA! thanks
Sense I'm dying of boredom I think I'll just go drown myself in the shower for a bit!
Thanks for the #retweets Enjoying your YouTube videos!
yeah, it only took me all night to figure that out... my genius is showing now
Kingdom Relationship -vs- Kingdumb Relationship. Insecure, unstable, unproductive men stays KING with an expectation that you'll stay DUMB!
#FF Shout outs to Happy Friday
or, you could get a wireless landline phone and walk around with that ;]
YEAH for Delaware!
Hydration tip: water is much more appealing in a shiny purple bottle than in a plain mug. Because oh...shiny!
Good Morning! How are you?:)
Idk what ima do after tomorrow , no boyfriend again til Monday .
Officially moving to LA in January!!
im back on the hook again
back at youse guys!
oh *that's* fun. Yikes.
haha nick needs to look out for nuhdeen
Happy to report the republican loves the apartment. Confirmed I have great taste and picked a winner.
Eating sushi for lunch and I remembered to tell everyone that we have plenty of 10% off coupons for at
Zuckerberg needs some eyeliner, or maybe an eyepatch + cutlass.
Recovering from a baddass weekend in Denver. Too much drinking, music and fun at Marc and Margarets reception, Congrats!
Yup, always liked rogues better.
All you have to do is call my name no matter how close or far away ask me once and ill come ill come running and when i cant be with u
Whitney Houston We like you is in our memory for ever <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665>
I'm not even gonna let that ruin my day
Have you heard of Isagenix? We get lots of ladies that fit beautifully into their bikini from it! Right ?
Happy Easter, tweetland! Led/played 2 services so far today...2 more to go...so many reasons to celebrate today!
finally reported #occupywallstreet but claimed we have "no Ideas" favored bloomberg's position. Maybe break up banks? Regulation?.
LOL! YES! I know EXACTLY where that spot is, hahahaha. finally.
leave, just leave your like one of those monkey's at the zoo that doesn't get enough love so it acts out to get attention
Very nice.
RT : The only time you run out of chances is when you stop taking them.
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?!?
Did you ever get granola recipes? I have a great one but I'll have to dig it out. Haven't made it since last year....
Kobe having diarrhea still won't stop him from playing!
Going to give people some time to #FollowBack or I will unfollow them(:
for fundraiser. Hit it up! Goes till 7. Great door prize raffle!
I am in the 99th percentile on ESPN's Tournament Challenge.
What i say is F,,K the haters the jealous, the ones who are trying to bring you down, all of you will suffer the truth, cant stop destiny!!
7/18 issue of www.asianreporter.com has great articles about the Dalai Lama, Pyeongchang 2018 games, Portland events, history. Great paper.
Dude! Awesome pics for
I'll see your blast radii and raise you mini-muffins vs bagels.
Polishing is always good! Here's to a bright and shiny manuscript! Good night :)
24 times todayy!!! wow!! gotta love comp class<3(:
Sometimes tweeting people is easier than texting Them because most of these whores don't reply because they're stuck on twitter.
coach bags on clearance
they are coming back to the UK in five days?!
Should I swim today?
Fade in on some Jews, with a hunger for blood...
okay I'll see Bcuz my gf is graduating to lol so idk what she'll have planned
So apparently there was a tornado at umass today!! Yikes!
que bueno! Can't wait to see you babygiirrllll :) <3
Tickets to the March 31 event go to... !
Yes! Finally downloaded an entire ED's worth of images from the #1940census. Anybody need to see 40-10 from SLO County, California?
Well, if you are ever this way, let me know! Any speaking engagements coming up?
Good meeting with #VMware Federal this morning....on how to address I/O latency issues.
Jonathan Aldrich joins us at the Brown Bag Lecture series to celebrate Poetry Month! Wednesday 4/18 @ Noon-1:00pm in the Rines.
OH MY GOD NIALL IS LOOKING AT ME OH MY GOD OH MY GOD. I TOLD YOU ALL. SO HA.
Absolutely! Come out for a visit. You can stay w/me. lives close.
Covering high school football in the rain. Woo! Hopefully the skies don't open up!
Out with the old, getting ready for 2011.....
spent all dat money last year n it was like three rides I fuck wit. I need rollercoasters. Come wit us LOL
Malt Liquor poisoning
Actually, please turn your SWM membership card in at the door.
Everyone should follow just got signed with agency
He just sent this guy off a damn ski jump! LOL
Listening to and in tears as I pray! God there's no one like You!
I can look at you and truly say if there wasn't a you I would be so much happier.
Ha ha “: Damn. Feelin this full moon hard!”
30 min until YOUR takes on #16 Cornell here at DB Milne Field!! Time to do work ladies!
Message me your number?(:
you're the best! Thanks so much
Hey, Twitter Fam!
Yeah you see that strong woman over there. Fighting off all the negatives. The woman I look up to. Yup you got that right.
Its Gonna Be CrAzY! Tonight #Bodi , bringing U the hottest party in the Triangle. Don't Miss It!!! Get there Early 2 get in.
Follow new account.
If you say "please" in a rude voice that's still rude
Obama must set a price limit on Red Bull, iced coffee, & hot wings
Aint in the mood to talk to nobody
Feeling the 2:30pm crash? (I was) My military friend told me to do pushups to wake up and it works! #GetDown&GiveMe20
Why don't you come watch ya nigga tear the whole scene up!
Nice work buddy! Have a great final round.
Thanks for the follow Doing our best to share the knowledge in Wisconsin. The dairy state. Soon to be coconut milk state!
Poll Results! Where will Carmelo Anthony play this season? 49% = Knicks, 17% = Nuggets, 34% = Other. What do you think of the results?
My mom seriously needs a life!
HOLY SHIT THE DRAWSTRING ON MY SWEATSHIRT JUST WENT INTO A CANDLE LIFE JUST FLASHED BEFORE ME
Cool Intro
my back went out, so i can kind of relate. muscle relaxers today. i hope you feel better!!:)
Feel free to bring your mustache and join us on our adventure to see the Avengers lol
the bags should be filled with thoughts, its a no brainer. Literally
I know where his heart is
Woody Allen Organized crime in America takes in over forty billion dollars a year and spends very little on office supplies
Trivia at 9:30pm with DJ Prove to yourself that despite your frequent drinking, you still have at least some of your brain cells.
sorry we missed it, hope to hear he does another one! "Hey Criss, ur graphic girl kicks magical butt" ;)
Adjusting my eyes on what is unseen instead of what is seen for what is seen is temporary and what is unseen is eternal ... FAITH!
I don't want to be rude or downplay your anxiety about the situation, but a next day appointment is actually really lucky.
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting. - Napoleon Hill
who has influenced you most?
follow back?(;
making easter eggs
Another Sunrise, Another New Beginning
Heyy Jay!!! I Miss Yuh Dearly!!! I Can't Wait To Get My Phone Back. I Love Yuh Hunny. Huggs && Kisses.. <3 <3 <3
Our White Peony tea is a major hit with customers!!
congrats to #lsu tigers baseball! 2009 Champs! Geaux Tigers!
Rockin the #bechstein piano see you tomorrow, James Jackson Jr. live tomorrow night!
just think
the weather is great so therefore i'll be @ the gym later on for the evening workout & off course i have 2 watched 24 season finale 2night.
Yeah, there's nothing there about him saying he wasn't coming back. Recruited over, used up, pushed out. Crean's SOP.
shut up
Dido!!!!!! RT : loved you from way back when you was on def comedy jam..LOVE you even more
Interview SUNDAY 7pm to 8pm on TRUE STAR RADIO 92.3fm.Listen online www.truestaris.com and click on the link that says TRUE STAR RADIO
I live here too now.
At the airport watching a chick order a strawberry frap. I'm giggling to myself cause I know she's about to drink bugs.
The only thing keeping me happy is hope I might get #believe tickets.. Life's so up its arse..
thanks for the follow. cool tunes.
Get out,get out,get out of my head.
oh purdy!!! I can't wait to do mine. =P
Hey, - Congratulations on the record-setting season! You will always have tons of fans here in Rochester!
There are three kinds of people in the world. Those who are good at math and those who are not.
OMG! Are there no new ideas in hollywood? They jist have to keep "remaking" everything. Im going to look up this epic fail!
Comoderated a mayoral debate with for the Fil-Am community. Thx , & for coming.
thanks for the follow! What's your favorite way to #exercise?
People really piss me off.
Just kidding I wouldn't do such a thing lol
are heroes a! Thanks for covering my jeep!
Great! Registration isn't officially open yet but check back soon. Look forward to having you! :)
Asher Roth is trying to be like Eminem .... its not working .
Alan Newman why the change in roxy rolles from last year ?
Congrats to Harvard hoops team. First NCAA tourney bid since 1946? Wow. March Madness, and there wasn't even a tournament
Congrats on your acceptance to the University of Baltimore. See you around campus.
1 Is The Most Loneliest Number That We'll Every Know, LIKE If You're SINGLE "/
Gonna nap
had a rough start today at The Hex
yes ma'am like at 9 though :(
Kobe is so consistent! One of the greatest forsure. #Respect #StillTeam'Bron'BronTho <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Got together tonight and played some bluegrass music, fun night but now my fingers hurt from playing my mandolin!!
Just an incredible shot
#flacon2012 learning about the future of academic libraries in Florida. Makes me glad I went to Florida Library Day!
Check Out our Great $1 Beer on Sundays!
I most def gotta go see battleship!
Can't tell if midterm was extremely easy or if I suddenly knew everything from studying so much >_> HELLOSPRINGBREAK
The smell of the feed store >>>>>
Hope you had a good weekend!
When are you coming to Florida?
Writing video game music right now?
i miss the myspace glory days
*Refreshes youtube* *refreshes YouTube*
seriously??! Well happy flacking birthday!!!!
the rewards of being a parent. Have a great Sunday afternoon.
sweet gig! Do u have to dance on the ice?? That requires some serious skill :) congrats!!!!
I am watching you on the satellite feed waiting for the news conference on FAMU.
will be writing bout my tour of Flagship Store for Will give u the heads up when it appears.
Thanks for the RT Alice
Finally home !
Next quarter, I'm doing my last quarter as an editor while interning at LA Weekly and helping LA Review of Books, plus...
It's starting! Mother's Day Makeover & See it live @ 9 am on
#gooddaysunshine Make one positive behavior change today! Notice how far you'll get.
glorious morning sleeping in (what's that!?) and studying at progress coffee in the SUNSHINE!
That is what I LOVE about film festivals, besides the audiences and director/subject Q and A's.
ah just looked at my toe and i have a big cut on it!!! how does someone get a huge cut on top of their 2nd toe?
I have ONE week to learn Who Says on piano before the auditions for the talent show o:!
I looked in the mirror and saw the old me...
Enjoying Peruvian at Andina
just don't take a picture of it and then post on twitter!
same to you, chica! :)
hey I'm in Canada on business! Very frustrated because I can't find a lively bar. I want an energy place sit and drink alone
The Rat Pack also included Angie Dickenson & Shirley MacLaine. :-)
I fucking hate people. A promise is a promise. Don't make it if you cant keep it.
Hell yea, double shot of on the radio! Hurry turn it on 94.5 FMX now! GO!
If The Phone Doesn't Ring, It's Me. ~Song title by Jimmy Buffet
You want to try to argue with me because I dont know the difference between a hair pin and bobby pin. Seriously?!
I was hoping you'd say that! I'm so happy for you! :) I'll miss seeing you around though. :(
ok you could b onto something here!
The art piece "Art Galleries & Back Allies" was unveiled tonight at Self Help Graphics. Kudos to artists and !
Someone tell me thins is a joke. I wanna cry now. #ABDCisRigged.... Are you serious? :'( </3
It should be illegal to wear a "TapOut" t-shirt laced with glitter If you're with your 2 year old getting subway
You got. Hope the day is going well.
Ugh...high schoolers.
lindsey i hope you had a great birthday. :) i'll see you at your party on fridayy :D illuu girl #HappyBirthdayLindsey :)
The wind is like hitting the door knob outside, & I keep thinking somebody is trying to open the door, ahaha. It's freaky.
Why am I never in twitter no more?
Just wish i was giving some sloppy head rn :-)
it'll be a good one.
Be yourself. Don't take anyone's sh*t, and never let them take you alive. ~ Max Lydic
Lmao There wazz a pond off piss in the middle of the floor Xena control yahself
Been awake for 40 hrs. I worked 29.5 hours over the course of 5 nearly back-to-back shifts. I get home & the first thing I do is read co ...
Day 2 at #FIL. There are too many books and not enough time. I'm seeing great graphic novels though.
I'm so proud of He's on stage at #TNW2012 talking about me!
i miss yhu 2!!!! I wish yhu were here.!
Cool ...Happy Easter :)
lol i have faith in u, i know youll come up with a reasonable punishment lol.
#mufc. No big problems in the CL draw! Bitters are shagged tho
Yankees win on a walkoff wild pitch!
Sure... You can make some decisions. I can't do it ALL alone... Sounds like my wife talking
That's the best you got?
Hey Everybody i just wanted to tell you that im going to be performing at NFA in Newburgh NY on Friday June 4 its gonna be fun
Just when you think you know someone...They fuck it up.
“A business absolutely devoted to service will have only one worry about profits
So knows every sex coach whose workshops I've sat in on.
How about adding Ryan Suter self proclaimed "stalker"? LOL...
the shit SUCKED , I ain't did a damn thing !
this kind of weather makes it feel like its summer.
Thanks for the free 1600 Points I just had delivered to me.
Since I had wicked poisoning and missed a day of work, gotta head into the studio after the night job to make sure I don't fall behind.
Just got out of work? Still 40 minutes to "get gonzo" with the folks from
Dear World, OMG. Love, Zach
please do :) thank you, nope all my family does though right outside the city & then other family lives near weschester/mason
I've never seen them play either, and no one cares about tennis lol
filed under days that end with "y."
"I'm really good at getting head" - Rube Sheeber
You know who had an epically bad night? Rafael Addison. 0-for-6, 5 fouls, and a turnover in NINE minutes.
they were before us
when i got to much on my mind i just sk8
happy fucking birthday!!!!
Tonight ima sit & chill .. roll my blunt && buss my bottle lol ..
yeaah im going .
I am so grossed out right now, eek
My friend Lorenzen Wright was found dead in a wooded area just outside of Memphis. RIP Lorenzen I love you and I am going to miss u so much!
- Gas is 4.99$ .. im not coming over to "chill".. either we Fuckin or you owe me gas money!
Thx to Netflix I'm burning through all the early seasons - excited for Sunday 2
you had a cheerleading competition yesterday? ..how did you do? ;)
justin . justin . justin . <3
OU baseball! ": Oakland holds on for the 4-2 win and improves to 10-3 in Summit League play. #gamedayOU"
after this bio class I've learned that you can be very book smart, and also have zero common sense.
Red Snapper Po Boys, Chicken and Biscuits with country gravy, Espresso rubbed Veal Porterhouse. So much good food for a late meal.
would love to! Tell your local promoters, we need the help of your people in your fine country!
It's another busy day as The Pit hosts eight semi-final NMAA State Basketball Championships games! Who are you rooting for?
Pretty morose here today. And isn't here to talk to.
it's Sanford Biggers - an awesome installation.
It's a date! :) I'm free Wednesday and Thursday this week?
#theVoice makes me feel like a floating balloon with a huge smile drawn on. This is becoming a problem-- should be reading Rushdie!
Your hair >>> everythinf
: I saw all those cars when I was walking home last night, thought there must be something really bad happening!
You're never a terrible friend! Have a good weekend! :)
i absolutely need to get wasted before graduation
Smart girls open their minds. Easy girls open their legs. Foolish girls open their hearts.
There's something about Dual that appeals to Marcus.
Great to hear, we loved being apart! How long did it keep your coffee warm for?
our pleasure. keep up the great work.
oh dear.
It Puts the Jergen on Its Skin: The Untold World of Aborted Product Placements
At least we're still in the playoffs! Woo!
That's the only way to do it! RT : Keep It 100% & Be True To Who You Are
Just got back from the beach!
Happy you made it, have fun!!!
I'm not trying to hate on Taylor...but that comment she said was uncalled for.Dont say "she can do what she wants." BS!That's not right.
Ashley boucher is my favorite person in the world
Getting my nails and toes done.
Woke up with a headache, blerg.
glad you like them! :)
Everytime she comes home we get the talking that PAST shit...
Tonight at - at 9pm at the Main Stage outdoors!
RT : Happy birthday ! A prime-number birthday for a Grade-A guy. #stcorg #aginggraysfully Is Alan past his prime (# bday)?
Thanks! The texture of the coconut and slight crunch of the walnuts really gave it another layer of flavor.
THIS IS THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE!!!
(((Cyanide)))<~~~ A hug for you because you are amazing! Have a great weekend! You are the best!
Oh, those kindsa billboards are EVERYWHERE in the south.
Thanks man. It's all downhill from here.
We so impressed!!!
Lets go #Lions ... Time to crack a beer and get ready for a great game!!
don't go to school tomorrow !
If you yearn for the days when a rapper could say, “asparagus tips look yummy, yummy, yummy” and still sound dope, this is the track for you
Good Luck! #skydiving :) And Happy Belated Bday!
Off to the White Sox game. Hopefully they can win, if not, I'm going to have a wonderful day of eating junk food at the ball park!
lost your balance on a tight rope, lost your mind tryin to get it back. wasnt it easy in your lunch box days?
love this!!
So glad summer is getting closer
I went from combat rock to goo goo dolls
NW: Basketball Wives
Nope, only on Fridays! Maybe it was my Justin Bieber t-shirt...
Hi saw your note on FB. Welcome to twitter!
zoom in on her in her living room or whatever room shes in!
How am I going to eat this cupcake and drive?
Id rather be single than to be lied to, cheated on, and disrespected.
gotta work
two! Horribly!
Ive been a nanny for over 20 years. Just make sure you trust your nanny and have faith in her.
I think Joe Santagato might just possibly be the most attractive man I've ever seen in my life.
What an awkward day at the gym...
#AyoNicki I love it when you go back to the basics and make REAL HIP-HOP MUSIC, oppose to that rinky dink stupid ishh. Bitch you a rapper
Gorgeous morning
houston, i think we got a problem
Peaks and valleys in rapid succession
i love simisimi
1pm? I'm in lake view for work
Need Sponsors for celebrity black tie event bring inspiration hope financial support families affected cancer help
I would love to see some of those vids!!!
I seriously hate being a girl. You're up one minute, and down the next. Why can't it ever be consistent?
Very cool. DM or RT how we can help! I am in charge of a secret santa program that helps low income children.
have you connected with ? He knows his way around WordPress.
TONIGHT!! on in to talk about the Resurrection and Justus from CTL, $taks and Mav of Sol Camp will also be in!!!
with boyish figure and steel ass cheeks for days ... Wrecking ball for a caboose
#gwu Safety & Security: "A student said a suspect was in the library Police searched the library, no suspects were located Gelman reopened."
RT : #ABoyfriendShouldAlways Put his girlfriend before any other person
Shout out to for landing that deal with Kiss!! Get ready
Why do pedestrians only get to hug the baseboards of the street? I want to experience the whole room.
Coming back!
#92YearsOfTradition Thanks Voracious for Gold metal recognition! Sincerely, Lotties.
my bad lol
For what it's worth, I'd recco skipping a whale watching tour and go kayaking. More guarenteed fun for your buck.
Wilson eager for armless Anchorman return
Your source for unfinished exotic hardwood flooring * decking * lumber
Just took a history test..
OK, so after a few phone calls, my LAST 1099 from last year should be in the mail tonight. Finally, I can do my damn taxes!
Got away with doing absolutely nothing in double maths today it was so good :).
we're glad we have you on board Kaity!
so a man who goes home to a super model every night is gay? That's interesting.
Well, I'm sure I know what is going to say about those missed FT's in the morning
That is cool. Thank you for sharing that with us.
Avg age of the guys on this Mavs team is like 137
DANIEL!!!!! I WILL FIND U THANKS TO ALL THE INFO UR LIL BRO (Micah) GAVE ME!!!
RT : Dear #MNleg, hundreds of #Vikings fans are at the Capitol today to see the stadium vote! Now we're in the house...
Duhons getting booed lol. I'm not the only one who thinks he sucks ass
I only enter names and numbers into my contacts so I can see who I'm ignoring when they call
I'm just ready for tomorrow night lol
Everyone follow my friend Tevin !
Watching "The Pitch" on AMC. Good show. A little inspiration for the type of work I'm in.
I wish you would bullshittin round though , you killin me over here !
Just like you would cut unhealthy foods out of your diet, you need to cut unhealthy ppl out of your LIFE.
thanks 4 the sympathy :) not on pinterest. Have not signed on, afraid to add another time-suckubus!
I really want to punch the government in the face right for even considering taking our rights away. We the people tell them what to do!!!!!
People think computers will keep them from making mistakes. They're wrong. With computers you make mistakes faster. - Adam Osborne
oh see thats a good idea! well post a pic when theyre done! i wanna see what a real london flag on a nail looks like :)
im in yo room!
Seriously though... #YSL6812 is comin up in just a few more weeks...
who is cute Louis and Liam
glad u checked on me
pancakes & bacon... at night??
If you have some cool toys you want to get rid of and you want them to go to a good home... My kiddos would be thankful!
#OutroTweet night folks
Ozzie Guillen - Jesus, Oz. After struggling for attendance for years, all we need is u alienating Cuban America in Lil Havana. UGH
Come to Laughing Buddha and get a tattoo or a piercing to celebrate this special hump day!
ready to
I wish I was free tonight to go out. I know DC will be jammin to Chuck Brown all night.
I'm ordering some stheart stuff again.. The new line is ok, but I seriously want summer clothing.
I think I can actually feel my metabolism working all day long. Like, eating me. Ew.
just talked astrology with the clerk @ Walgreens after checkout. It's moments like these that really define my love for Austin.
I take you too be my lawful wedded text buddy. To have and harass, in rich quotes and nasty jokes til my dead battery do us apart...
A Sex Offender=Pediphile!!!!
": 3some with josh and sammy or? Haha" Omfg NO lol I was talking about some other shit..>.>
.. and that mixtape is coming real soon.. Sept. 5 to be exact.. look out for it
Tweeting from history(; I'm scared of this teacher haha!
very well, thanks. And you? :-)
Been up 40+ hours... time for bed.
Well, it looks like I won't be staying up late to see how this game ends. It's over already.
I'm still tryna find how he came up with that.
i don't hate, especially not over politics. Its going to take some persuasion for me to think Bush was a liberal though
getting a mani/pedi tomorrow morning with mama :) yay been way too long
rap!! I ghost write too, not currently signed!!!
Crisis averted... More batteries have been found.for the mult box
Wanted: burly men for scary dark mountains
:( wahhhhhh I need my little Sam here
That Colton on #idol is way to darn cute!
Ugh I kind of don't feel like traveling to Stamford, but if all goes well I'll be practically living in Stamford this summer *prays*
" " is the only thing that clears yet delights my mind.
Thank you for the offer. My buddy at work is going to help me in the morning. We'll see how that goes. Fingers crossed!
There is nothing worse then a dude dropping a growler and then not washing his hands as he leaves the bathroom. Stay Classy Gents!!
Only been working for a little over an hour and gettin confirmations and buy outs left and right the tour is lookin sex
History has taught me that Emily Haines is ALWAYS WORTH IT.
* The unemployment rate fell to 8.2 percent. The unemployment rate for college-degreed workers 25 and older is 4.2 percent.
You should get a team together
OLLU Men's Golf - Finished 3rd of 8 @ ROUND 1 -- Grub Mart Invite hosted by Jacksonville State @ Silver Lakes in Jacksonville, Ala.
i hate this feeling
#Rampage receives opening pull, doesn't turn it over, leads 1-0.
Some amazing hats in the crowd gathering at the
T Minus one week until everyone in AZ can stop pretending they know/like hockey
I guess it's Timeline time...
Haha Sounds nice !! www.virginemag.com RT : i wish virginekorea got branch here in ph :)
awesome! I can't wait to play civ5!
lets trend #TurnToYou , #12HOURS (: Everything you do is so inspiring, i just want to buy you a panda.
Congrats to Jackie Polvado, winner of our second contest! You have won a group of pre-made Boardmaker art and cooking activities!
Glad to see the #Pirates have regressed back in to the #Pirates. Go
- great to meet you too! hope you can make it out to the festival next March...
Still selling tickets to that Gorilla Music Battle of the Bands, if you don't have yours now hit us up.
I have a small weiner.
excellent…don't suppose you have time to make model F-35s? (model of military industrial complex: "costs more than AUS) TY!
To this point, no better than a C effort from everyone on the #celtics minus
good ;) stop staring at me ;) do somethin!
trying to get back on but support is giving me a real difficult time with a seemingly simple issue. what gives?
Relationships are sinking ships I want one where the boat stay a float
on the bright side.. it's already Wednesday <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
The list goes on. But does that stop me from voicing my opinions? Well, I think we all know the answer to that ;)
“ God only allows ppl to close doors you were never meant to walk through.”
If you can manufacture cells to do what you want, these "software packages" may qualify for an extended period write-off.
You guys, Rachel started dating Mark from work to get back at Ross. Seriously, I cannot sleep and Friends is real addictive.
A healthy selection of books to read.
that is true...ok how old are you? lol!
#HipHopEd () ...like a river / Imma deliver / Rhyme harder than high tide / and make global warming shiver
There's 3 of us standing in a row playing #FruitNinja on our fones :P
That's true. All this social media = less mail for Owney to deliver
you're the one for me. <U+2665>
awesome book. thoroughly enjoyed it.
mom's are funny
Glad Bas shared that. Good example of how dangerous a blade is, even if you live through the altercation.
All temp files are saved for 4 days. No more accidentally not saving your file. Nice!
Noels getting investigated by NCAA? Ugh. Not good.
RT : If Santorum is handing out anything beer battered, Romney is screwed.
NEW CRAZY LADY on 2nd flr. She needs tweezers to pluck out her rhinestones and a Q-tip to set her hair on fire
That's it. #DnB is back as my all time fav. #Dubstep is #3. Tks to #Pendulum & Masochist 4 reminding me where I came from
Wouldn't it be awkward if your favorite singer told you "Fuck You Bitch"?
Need to get myself and Audobon ottoman,
I didn't use that I was on the actual site refreshing
I so can't wait until Highschool Football.
Right back at ya buddy!
many thanks for the kind words, Sara!
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention i wont get attached 2 u....lies
On a hot air balloon at the palm springs polo club with
RT I have to wash my hands because I touched my money.
I do my best not to dress like a cholo but I always fail.
Just a few more hours
Listening to writing podcast eps all evening. Only just now realized that I forgot to actually write anything this weekend, myself. Ironic?
Yes! Just wonderful!
Meet you at the "red dawn" gathering site. Bring ammo. RT : Hah I know it sounds like such a conspiracy theory.
I never understood why people would wear seasme st. character clothes.
haha no problem!
A very happy Thanksgiving from the Arts Engage staff! Enjoy your break, students!
do what you know is right - skunkworks and developer driven 20% - know your enemies - find your friends
“Show me a man who has enjoyed his school days and I’ll show you a bully and bore.” #Robert Morley
happy birthday!!!! <333
I ain't messing with nobody else swea , my feelings are not to be played with . Getting hurt im not w/ it .
Decided to name my first hip-hop album "swag the dog"
Fashion can be bought. Style one must possess. Edna Woolman Chase
we do contact printing www.contractprintingdirect.com
I love you Alex! You and your tweets always make me laugh and/or smile! <U+E022> <U+E415>
OMGG ALEX IM GOING TOO!!!!! WHICH ONE DO YOU GO TOO ????? :DD <3 #yee 7
"I will never let you fall, I'll stand up with you forever, I'll be there for you through it all, even if saving you sends me to heaven." <3
awesome - welcome to Where. I'll keep an eye out for you or we can meetup at booth or one of the parties
Follow me! :D
how u been
Maybe the "love" part is the time you'll have to put in to teaching her how to use it? (That goes for my mom anyway!)
Cleveland Browns&#39; president Mike Holmgren and coach Pat Shurmur&#39;s Saturday press conference -- NFL draft 2012 ...
FOLLOW BACK! SO FOLLOW THEM!
I don't even turn on ESPN outside of NCAA FB/BB season.
without those heels you may have drowned!
It's pouring down and I have a class outside
Hope and I just did the lemon challenge and we made a video hahaha
On the muthf**kin blue line headed home.
i miss you!!! they are making me play this stupid game :/
All we ever do is fight but I really just want to talk. But I know we never wanted to make it a fight. I'm sorry babe
Great rehearsal to prep for our June 18th show at M&S Grill, and our busy July 4th weekend!
Nice to meet you! Can't wait to cook Indian food from your kits.
understandable. but at least its O V E R now!
why are u bored sweetie?
Kicking off a big week!!! Watch for tweets!
Never good when your tweets refer to yourself by name. Get well Chris.
James Cameron can tweet from the bottom of the ocean but I can't get NPR in my kitchen. #wtf?
Im so tired ^.^ !! Goodnight Austin<3 && Everyone else i care&Love about((: <3
thank you to for being so nice and filling us in on where we can find ed. so sweet, thank you!
Figured it out--Go Nature. Am researching faeries. My past life regression is gradually making sense to me now.
Looks cool. Glad you enjoyed some beer instead of going just to eat.
I understand. I was trying to be nice though
Rewinding that at bat and saw that Fielder just smirks before hitting it out
Congrats to It's nice to see good things happen to people who make great software!
I want to make fun of it but I'm 112 on the hold list so I haven't even looked at it yet. *sigh*
I think they get one curtesey warning an after that: game on
I listened to a podcast about the gender rules for nouns in romance languages today. #Slate manages to get my attention again.
Just remember when nobody else was there for you, I was. And when no one else gave a damn, I did.
Some good news coming from Madison Square Garden as the #Rangers take game one of the Eastern Conference Finals.
That moment when you know your going to fail the AP test so you rather not study at all.
Don't move too sharply, Jennifer Lopez- your boob might pop out.
Wassup Girl!!! nothing u?!?!:)
is my new favorite rapper of all time
o yea no homo
I love Sunday' s because I spend the whole day with my boyfriend and his fambam :) .
Bridgewater #freshman mistakes
sun down sun up
I'm so hungry! Racist people
baby girl, your'e sweet! :)
yeap, I am still awake.
Cinematography for Silent Night, Zombie night isn't so bad. Story weak, but unintentionally funny. And it's #LA! (I love LA)
but at the same time what your doing is very important and we'd like to support you.
SURF REPORT: (Pacific Beach) 3-5 ft waist to head high POOR TO FAIR CONDITION
Can't wait for to come home tomorrow!!!
WHERE MY LAPTOP AT? WHERE MY LAPTOP AT?
#TwoThingsIWant for Chicago foo fighter tickets and a laptop
I need that butterbeer!
I need a BUCKET of
is crackin me up today!! Abb workout!
Why do I have the craziest dreams..?
Happy St. Patty's day <U+2665>
Pacers got a better chance at winning the ship than the Mavs SAN!
Day 98 of 100: I am thankful for finally cleaning up all my domain names
Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend.
Gave my mom the same speech last year
Who is going to the #rb3style event at tonight?
i don't know why or how i am awake.
composing instrumentals and smoking marijuana lol!
never mind lol
Still looking for the Scully to my Mulder..
Schell Games in Austin and Pittsburgh is looking for prgmrs-Server/DB, Web, & Flash Demigod. If interested, @ me
At Hyde Park community meeting last night, University/architects spoke not at all about how CTS basement (Seminary Co-Op home) will be used
If murder in the name of Communism is a reason to not refer to Marx's work, then surely God shouldn't be quoted in anything, ever:
Happy book birthday to love you, auntie bett
If the universe is everything, and scientists say that the universe is expanding, what is it expanding into?
Check out the #ISFoundation and all the attention they bring to beach cleanup!
that's cool! i volunteer with NCGenWeb so let me know if you ever need help with anything!
People take Twitter so seriously these days. Please get a life.
I mean really.... So im jus supposed to say ok and thats it, huh..... Um yea i think not, lets try that again....
Josh Billings Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.
Lol, so what's your name? I know it's not Barrack lol
wish that you could but you aint gonna own me do anything you can to control me but its never gonna happen...
Good morning twitter world! Enjoying another long day at work... will be a 16 hour day. Yippee.
Oh, way to hide the evidence that you sent this lady threatening letters written in cut out letters, leaving the magazines you cut the...
Halfway done with the first SAC meeting chaired by !
I have a massive appetite this morning! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>
Making popcorn and websites - at the same time. Yep, I'm that good :)
Congrats on your Master's! Super Proud!
And for women all over. In fact I'm quite the feminist.
Fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity.
On April 2nd, I was crowned Miss Allegany County (Maryland)! I can't wait for the state program in June! I'll send photos!
"if you want a raise, go on big joe!" -bob
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world. - Josephine Billings
On my mom's phone cause i could do That <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
But I want,I want,I want to be loved by you,One Direction... <3
let's go..
yes..and i am still at work..lol ..how was the workout??
Phone fixed after a hard reset
Who is the most timeless musician of all time?
I used to not like LA, but the more I've come here, the more I can appreciate it. I certainly enjoyed Santa Monica tonight.
I Hate Arguin Wit Him Becuz It Throws Mi Hole Appetite Off
What were u doing?
Cool... you playing out at all?
YOU get to decide if YOU WIN! Persevere, Believe, Take Action and ACHIEVE, Expand your Mind and Allow Success to Be YOUR Expectation!
i bet!:)<3 i love you harryy u the man!!!!!<3333
BUT we'd be happy to meet you for margaritas after close! Sounds like lots of great live entertainment throughout the city!
yes I'm still on here! Down the hall from taco bell
Just heard all about on I cant believe these guys did this! Such a Great Concept & way to make it work for you
I miss a lot!
O so close to being an interception. Good try Oregon.
Got some great news today!!! Proves that the key to success is consistency & sustained effort over time.
Wheels Down in Phoenix. Home.
board votes 6-0 to deny grievance.
This poem I need to write<<<<
Yea she been MIA..sup wit dat?
A-I-D-A. Attention, Interest, Decision, Action.....
One of my project archivists made this pun about me: Megan doesn't need to use a bone folder because she knows the score.
That guy is not getting laid in a while. I feel bad for him, kinda- not really actually.
You hoes comes up short, you always on ya knees
That's funny!
Twisting at Oscar's Birthday party in Waltham, Ma. from 1:30-2:30 Pm
BEST FRIEND! Where have you ben?! #IMISSYOU SO MUCH!!!! :,"( </3
Ah what is going on rite now my mind is spining wow
well no, you're not. Sorry
I wonder how the jamaican people liking the new government.
Oh Hayes Carll!!
Oh Lover, when u call my name No other, can do dat da same, no I won't let u, get up out dat game, no So go lover, go on N make me rain N w…
I actually forgot to record before heading to Tucson. Quickly told DirecTV to record in my garage from online...forgot to extend
Do not let spacious plans for a new world divert your energies from saving what is left of the old. –Winston Churchill
Don't know specific examples, circ always seems to be a factor. might know some from work at
Brad Meltzer: A librarian whose name I don't even know changed my life.
Wow, I didn't realize there was such a difference in dosing between the study and actual prescriptions. Thanks for the insight!
Damn Facebook..please dont spoil #Instagram for me . Mikeymoss is my user name #instagramcommunity !!
whew. that was a really long week.
From Guinness: Application is in internal system, "We will process your claim and give you an answer to your application within (4) weeks"
lol no i like it
Huston Street is hurt. No no no no no no no!!
Biz owners- don't fight with #quickbooks! Use it as a dynamic tool! Ask me how.
That awkward moment when you've skipped a crap ton of songs on Pandora after 30 seconds of each and it plays an ad for ADHD next.
Retreat to Glen Cove. Who knew Long Island was this beautiful?
DHC's is in Olympia this week with
Our reporter at the scene believes it's about to be detonated.
Omg NO I'm getting shots :'(
I'm sry that Austin's leaving but Miami is amazing and he's gonna have alot of fun :)
Anyway, one of my favorites was casting Jenny Agutter, whose work in the period 1971-1981 makes this fanboy drool.
Thanks for the RT. Hope you are doing well.
TONIGHT - SNL with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!!
I always wake up with a big shiny thing
another PSSC football victory
‘Give it here malfoy or i’ll knock you off your broom
It's all for real, I'm tell you just how I feel.
Great, his singing gives me the strength to make it through the work week .....;-) notgivingupkeeptrying.
he says "how about move in slow motion, but talk real fast"....now he's cookin with gas.
Gabe's has come a long way since I was a kid. They used to have lots of defective merch but seems more like overstock now. LOVE.
She just told some kid what is he looking at? Oh my god is she fucking serious? Maybe it's her 3 month old baby sucking her nipples!
that's the way to start a Friday. Maybe instead of #ff it should be #hiphopfriday??
not at all
Hey stranger“ S/o ”
Waiting for the rain to calm down so I can make a mad dash to the car for lunch.
sure thing!
Going to the brunch this saturday with my meetup group (The Genuine Girlfriends of New York City) Hope to see you there!!!
I'm sure you were! xD
Loving... I mean LOVING right now. /Iris, /Nectar, /RX 2 & /Ozone 5 are making me giddy! /iZotope RX2 is amazing!
Is anyone excited for Snow white & The Huntsman? I sort of think it could be good. What's the twitter world say?
has Bob Baffert ever dropped a horse back from 7f to 5f??? A beautiful horse #blackcaviar see ya in Dubai!!
I seriously have a new found respect for Accounting Majors.
Da changer: Maysa ,Incognito ,Brand New heavies, Andre-love below, E.Spalding, Black Alley :) jus one of those mellow days!!!
Automakers, suppliers propose strategy to replace key resin The auto industry may soon have a strategy to avoid vehicle production interr
achieved tea-mode in the office twice this week. more would be better, but it's twice more than last week.
Thanks for the great question!
From one Southerner to another: what's got your dander up, sugar?
Well, look how much money makes sending emails. Oh, wait.
tweeting about "haters"? Put a dollar in the douche jar.
i feel warm with your hand in mine, as we walk along the shore line .
Not quite... Tom. And he made me very upset this morning. I would have rather paid to hear music than fix a "new" car.
thank you for your input on the panel and one on one
It's National Hot Cross Buns day. I used to be so good at that song on the recorder in 1st grade. Could have been a recorder rock star...
Haha okay maybe not...
Thanks, and that's great. Good for you! I'm currently pitching a few projects, hoping one gets scooped up.
It says something when I'd rather write a metadata schema instead of cover letters.
Glad you're good. Stay safe!
WET NIGHTCLUB and LUCIANA as she performs her hot song I LIKE THAT this saturday APRIL 16 at WET 915-449-2066
tweet tweet tweet I don't know what I'm saying either but I'm for sure on twitter
awww thank you!! I love "my" players
what apparel will it be on??
First Lady, a new gospel musical written by Lawrence Floyd is coming to a theatre near you! Watch out for us.
I think Depp and Burton should just get married and be done with it. ...and sleep with Helena B Carter on the side.
Perfect day to have off <U+2600>
Thanks. :-) It was my first QAL AND my first sampler quilt. She has seen the top but thinks it's for someone else still.
Sounds great to me!
make sure I'm in video
are they really?!?!?! HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
lol no in dew time everyone will kno.. I'll make sure I'll tell you as soon as I tell Quana
#Oscars are definitely no super bowl
Can your handicapper show you $50k in gold just sitting around,is he sending you winning #Soccer picks at 9am?Think about it?Get on the list
YA showed me my mistakes & transgressions were not unique, and let me forgive myself and move on.
but you definately had the sweetest celebration. Very original!
#OddFact of the day..... Almonds are members of the peach family.
#PreparingForBattle lmao if you want you can love me more. I'm not in a fighting mood
Two words: Algebra 2:/ Ugh I dont get this class haha
Lane is erased on Justin Sanchez's fielder's choice. One out. Sanchez at first.
I need some watch advice got anything for me. Semipro budget.
Well, has been writing a "ya book for satanic kids" for some time now. But is that a market?
aw no fun :/ im so glad i only work friday morning and then im ready for all the shows im going to this week
A kid and a tit. Just one word for #Time Magazine's Mktg and PR team. BRILLIANT! A gazillion dollars worth of free publicity.
Saying thatthe #Bible is a #joke, is surely very offensive and I don't like it. Just because u don't believe doesn't mean u gotta be rude!
Time needs to slow the F down lol
thanks so much for making it out 2 the show! Was the setlist cool w/ u??
at this point, Davis is better than World Peace
Preppring for 5 courses for the the amazing pipa player, Yang Jing is performing at the dinner/concert series in Oakland tonight!!
I'm seriously having to battle myself to keep from rereading Hunger Games before the theatrical release.
IDK. I mean, Donald Duck doesn't wear pants.
comparing costs of US-Japan shipping cos.
Damn I need more followers
"Don't worry about things you can't control, just live in your happiness!"
Home after Cornerstone TV interviews today-good people. America for Jesus meeting earlier-Don't miss 9-28 & 9-29 in Philly-
yes sir! Have fun with WESTEST today...
BtoBSocialMedia: A national survey of reporters and editors revealed that 89% use blogs for story research, 65% turn to soci
I H.A.T.E homework/studying.
What's your favorite scary movie?
Couldn't agree more !! RT : "I have an irrational fear of wasting a good outfit on an insignificant day."
Harden with the KO punch to the Dallas ponies #NbaChumpions FTM!!!
4) everyone knows she can't sing for shit.
Is Blog World only in NY? For some reason, I remember it also being in SoCal last year.
I'm so sorry for Tablooo:'( T.T
I know your heart is in recess, I know you feel depressed, just call my number, ring my phone, and I'll come runnin home.
Yep, already planning on it.
can we kill the phrase "content is king"?
Awww WE LOVE YOU TOO!! and we'll see you on our skype date ;)
All your info on the 2012 JJA Jazz Awards? Follow
A single vote from #ChuckNorris is enough to win.
Cuz when i say i wanna talk you just push me away tell me you leavin when i want you to stay .never thought lovin you will hurt me this way
thanks x)
If your girlfriend complains that you never take her anywhere expensive.. Take her to the Gas Station.
Home sweet home
In the trap til the sky change
He's rumored to commit to UK sometime here very soon.
: Thanks for the follow as well. Hope you'll stay tuned to what Sullivan Street Press is up to. We do good & sell books too.
Just seen in the Hot Topic Valentines Day promo pics! Lovely! <3 If youre a fan of her check out her store
Q6 I really try to hit sales, bargains etc to get everyone what they want or a gift card towards that gift
oh,,and I patented that idea,,so,,,dont try to steal it.
what do you think of an A. Foster for Romo, Gates trade?
being a paid insomniac
Wanted to pass along in case you hadn't heard of it, thought it was up your alley. Hope you're enjoying FL!
Kicking off the last #mithdd of the year. presenting on archival description to a full room
All lacedfacts followers s/o the lacedfacts page on your twitter..Lets bring all college athletes and fans to our community
good job on your picks!!!!! Just need one good one this Sunday ......
...establish harm reduction for consensual sex workers who choose sex work and see it as a legitimate career choice!
Bend it ovaa, touch ya toes.
I feel like that's a safe pony to blame. I blame him often and for many different things.
Obama: "I have enormous confidence" that the U.S. Supreme Court will declare the health-care law constitutional.
Get a fork for the pad thai, and the curry needs a spoon. Pay no delivery toady, when you order from Typhoon. Code NOV2011 at...
Best way to make extra cash-look for the best Bonus given out by the Sportbooks. It can mean the difference between a $100 or a $1000 Bonus
who you got as your women's final four and champion?
my mamas dizzy n weak. Her doc is out for a weak. She NEVER wants to go see doc so when she called, I took her straight to ER.
That's pretty cool!
that's what I thought too? Now I'm confused!?
I saw blood dripping from my hand, and asked her in a flat voice: "Did you scratch me?" / "No, I believe I bit you." —L .v. Sacher-Masoch
Great meeting you at the event last night! Enjoy the rest of your semester :)
I sit & drink and watch californication......of life
I'll never ever ever be a morning person.
Just know.. I tried.
Thanks for following:
that's exciting! Gotta check it out. Congrats 2 Pryce!
A #BFHistoryLesson - today in 1909 the #Queensboro bridge in #NewYork opened linking #Manhattan and
Well, I'm assuming these moms are washing for their entire family, but it doesn't make the occupied dryers any less annoying.
How do you tell a guy who hit three HRs in past few games he's doing it wrong?
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory
working on them as we speak! :) what else do u want to do this summer?
thanks for the update ...
Amazing trip to LA. Excited about sharing my new single soon. Recording went great. Happy Easter!
I love my even days :D ' they are my chill day's
What can I see you baby?
off for my walk shortly
i hate when your waiting for someone to text back and your phone goes off you rush to it look at the screen an its someone you hate!
So many strangers in my tweetfeed right now!?! Then I realized is a retweeting machine tonight
hey, follow our business near South Haven, Michigan
Living This Good Life' .#OnlyBecauseOfGod .
Overheard: spicy tuna rolls are the number one cause of death in America.
I Love your new hair cut Miley, It's Very Cute
Back in Chicago. 1st - assemble bed. 2nd - pay parking ticket. 3rd - listen to Mahavishnu orchestra live LP from 1973.
“: I tell u like I tell my spanish chick, u fly but I ain't goin down on no landing strip”u gotta grow up
Happy pi day, y'all!
Si no fueras tan puta. You wouldn't have to switch friends every weekend.
Thanks for the follow Love Second Time (lovesecondtime)! :)
i dnt get it how can jb never say never without saying never... i never could understand...
oh, the is also part of the crew today
#ILikedYouUntil i started noticing little tiny things about you that bothered me.
My pleasure! Thanks to you too!
that was the tallest touchdown run ever
yaaaaayyyy, east coast wings for lunch :)
Transparency will rule: Privacy kills trust- or at least limits the amount of #SM benefits you'll get.
Carson = Crypt Keeper
Who do you know that is working for a better Baltimore? Send a tweet with the tag #4bmore. First 4 win a $5 gift certificate to YOURS Store
Here's to an improved 2010 this New Year people! Hope it's better for you and me!
2 yrs as my fave coffee/office away from home office AND STILL RULES for Pine St Long Beach coffee & wifi! THANKS Lazara & IAG TEAM!
This is our first tweet! Visit us online at www.losersbar.com and add us as a friend on facebook!
okay i got 1000 tweets just about you, but when will you tweet something about me ? D: <3 i am waiting g
Let it Go: Forgive, So You Can be Forgiven by T.D. Jakes is #5 on NYTimes bestseller list. Good book news.
Hahaha I love that! When you laugh I laugh because your laugh is cute!
I can already tell I'm going to be awesome at this game.
Composing &#39;The News,&#39; With A Musical Twist
Keep it.
- did you see the michael's ad today that shows the discount on the craft room stuff? imma need a craft ROOM.
Hope your foot is feeling better! ;)
Monday's don't have to suck, well Mon-nights anyway... #8off8th tonight starts 9pm. & + more!
They're both attractive, but Rachel is the better reporter.
Stop by and say hello to our new manager Tanya Cornwell and let her know how she's doing!
STOP.....Take a long look around you.....
Im more concerned about the Heat not winning than the Lakers winning.
I told ya I was trouble, you know that I'm no good.
I AM FROM FL I LOVE TAMPA GO TO BUSCH GARDENS OK? <U+E328><U+E105>
I'm drinking like I still have samples of here.
Hey kristina, we're a pretty wonderful marketing/digital agency in San Francisco. What are you looking for?
Thanks, - if you do it, let me help, and let's tour this city to city and see how our fans stack up! (shhh...Go Lakers!)
Nigga get over yourself...
u dont bother! :) I will. Wanna come to m party? :) haha
“: I think people who wear bow-ties are always twice as interesting as everyone else.” your legacy?
speak the truth
I swear I dnt put nun past nobody••••
I'm grateful to have true friends!
OK let me tell Bahja think she cut but she aint so she have no percentage of Mindless Behavior RT if you agree
its quack. I just typed it different. Its how they say "Derp" on the old episodes of sponge Bob. It just makes a quack sound.
just found out that my roommate loves you! I said yeah we go way back hahaha
I appreciate it. Nice job again tonight. Personally, I think you really get the crowd going. We need more btwn point JMac!
Oh really can see me?:)
Thanks for following HIWI and promoting the #HIWI hashtag. Happy New Year!
I sleep with my closet open,and no night lights. I dare a monster to come try and fuck with me.
Hey all you tweeters hope y'all had a great day I sure had a busy day but it was super fun
lol, omg. Lmao, inapprops. Smh. And psh, it's not the same unless you're attracted!
Aw shucks. Thanks! But really, you guys made the #mc220 class awesome. How are you both?
Chris Davis, playing DH in this game is throwing in the bullpen for the Orioles
Hunger Games!!! Woot!
Todays #drake song of the day is "headlines".
Let's go Cats!!
And He Let Them Say Lil Shit...But Its Okay Im Good Doe....
#brandbowl my favorite so far dog #Doritos ad. Very cute. Dogs will get me every time!
id like to suggest to anyone interested in being friends with molly regis.. DON'T BE. shes a beeeyotchhh
lol that driver come yet?
Do you prefer a sash or a tiara or BOTH????
Well that's convenient...
I'll say it again...Ur tweets are awesome! Thnx every time!
what's with these homies dissing my girl?
Good on you! Over at the Capitol for the Attorney General. It's lonely here; there aren't many (read: any) young people.
Is that a solution? Or a public penance?
Oh you don't give head huh? *hangs up* *deletes number* *unfollow* *unfriend* *report spam*
Welcome to Joe the Plumber , the average Joe that out stumped Obama the Entertainer. Wake up Ohio!
lol im potato number 2;) and nothing much u?
I always want to do my best to preserve our environment and now I can get it all shipped to my house for FREE
haha well now you're gonna make me blush! I knew you were gonna make me blush!
Scoring defense isn't always indicative of good team defense..often times, it simply means you slow tempo. Look at Defensive FG% & road wins
Wow. As a teacher, I would find that AMAZING. I could reflect clearly on obsrvtns b4 end talk.
#10BasicFactsAboutMe I'm addicted to traveling and can't stay in one place for very long.
Thanks Pictometry, great party at Scotland Yard Pub. Thanks for the awesome comments on the food. Come back again soon.
It is the audio version of 's book. Listening is helping break up the monotony of cataloging this morning
The Alphie and Abner show needs to become an actual show asap.
They say hard work pays off lets see how much we gain
Everyone talks about how great the 80's and/or 90's were. Gotta be honest, I'm really enjoying the "10's"...
Starting my night full of meetings... Im so ready for this weekend come and be over already!
“: Go Ta Youtube #SlimDunkinTv He'll Tune You Up Baby.. #DirtGang” good lookin out, thanks
how's it goin dudes?
Want to thank those of you who have supported and continue to. Those of u who are loyal to our vision and cause. #GRATEFUL, I have you.
RT I remember when I used to spend Friday nights DJ'ing on twitter with think maybe we should revisit the fun!
Just finished reading Mockingjay, finishing the Hunger Game series. I cried at the end:'3 truly such an amazing series<3
There's nothing to be embarrassed by. Just reduce the smell -- that's really the only offensive part. The sound is funny. Well, to us.
Pixel is an experiment in using an AIML Chatbot to answer simple questions. Its DeeAnn Allison's project, so I'd ask her for info
sorry boo!!! it will go fast!!!
they need more funding asap
My little one is obsessed with my ipad and keeps coming in wanting to play games on it
Glad to help, let me know if you need anything else and always refer to actingonthespot.com.. you might find some answers (:
woooorddd, I heard you moved though...
trying to fly home tonight- how is the lot /pacific hwy looking? Any issues?
Got tickets to "The Best Man" on Bway with Angela Lansbury & Candice Bergen AKA JESSICA FLETCHER AND MURPHY BROWN ON STAGE TOGETHER OMG DEAD
That's one big if.
Whoa! Holiday just knocked #bulls out of the #nba playoffs wit that shot. #uclabruin. Looks like #Heat vs #Celtics EC Final.
You're such a pussy.
#fridayreads Finished Star Island by Hiaasen this am, reading Stiltsville by Daniel - Florida seems to be my theme this week!
From a marketing perspective, I am just amazed at the fandom of the WWE.
The 70's looked really smooth.. The 80's was full of partying but also the drug and aids phase.
Very nice! Raiders open season against Chargers on MNF
But we will also have reporters here - you want to look especially good for Radio!
to be compliant w/OAuth spec, you should provide one there. Your app may be configured to prevent values other than "oob"
Agreed. It's amazing neither are not in yet. I would have to say Judas Priest too.
u have my favorite name. so u r pretty much super rad. thought u should know.
Time to get back into the swing of things... Feeling very positive and motivated after the conference! :)
You just got salt all over your cereal! wooooooohoooo
thank for that!
I remember the days when I actually knew like only 4 other people on twitter ... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> kind of miss that
Usually picks up as the year goes on as the weather gets more consistent, especially amongst students.
RT : RT Fox promoing Sept return of college football because they'll go straight from end of race to kickoff
Love reading to feel connected to #ROC. (Leaving it at that - can't put my feelings on exposure to crime in the right words.)
Watching fargo this movie rules haven't seen it in forreeeeeever
this is bullshit..my facebook page was disabled and i have fucken idea..its stupid..i'll let you guys know when i have it up again.
That IS creepy!
FOLLOW she follows back and you'll gain 100+ followers!
Whoever comes up to the ring announcer at Saturday's show and says "I love Rocktagon" will receive a free beverage courtesy of the annoucer.
We are almost at 50 followers! Check out MTB! Follow us and join us on FB!! Quality content is a gem these days!
Cleveland seems like the best place to launch! Also, when will you have an Android app?
BOOK A STAR!
crying baby in the apartment above mine. she's been crying for last 4 hours T_T
Now if they would have said "grass roots", well.....RT : since when is groundswell a buzz word?
hey what up how your day hey let me get number
for real they know we r a good couple
just make it then it shall be perfect (: haha
You have enemies? Good it means you actually stood up for something in your life ~Eminem
Tomorrow ima be an emotional wreck (no one will probably know why), but hopefully not :(
"Life is a daring adventure or nothing." - Helen Keller
Like...what brand is the fabric, or who prints them?
Cody Simpson is gorgeous!
Hmm. Not a whole lot of calm before the real storm - tonight's game.
On the 29th day of Counting the Omer (Pessach Sheni), Kol HaOt asks: "Why is Jewish continuity important to me?"
Meh, I apologize for ranting to unknown people who don't care.
Grazie for the kind words. Hope you made more memories.
Everything! lol its time for me to upgrade ...way overdue for a new phone!
Hope all you FAC Heads had a great Hump Day! Stop on by tomorrow and receive any two top shelf grams for a $30 donation! Have a good night!!
Listening to the #Mets radio broadcast while watching the game on the muted Braves tv station because it's blacked out in Nashville. Yes.
A2: for me, it was restlessness and curiosity. Turns out, social and online marketing is a deep well to fall into! :)
Iphone is sucking balls... taking it to best buy after the gym. hopefully they can make it work.
Slept in today... I really needed it.
first it was Steve now its Vinny. Geez sounds like someone has a couple office bromances going on.
Hey #Ubud and #Bali I'm speaking tomorrow night at Movie Mondays at the Yoga Barn about my new documentary followed by watching "Inside Job"
I've given in to that one -- I now offer extra credit if students find the errors before I do (with often hilarious results).
Best meal ever alone!
spring cleaning! Good for you.
Glad to hear! Were there any changes or improvements to the app that you would have liked to see?
My wife and kids is hilarious.
The feeling is mutual! Thx! RT : Thanks for the RTs - you guys are great!
We will be playing at Easton Farmers Market today 5-7pm, free all ages. Be a localvore!
Yeah. I really hope he gets reelected and turns into Hulk Obama and just kicks ass.
I already have one invite to go to Seattle after CHI, so this is now very tempting... I should have a better idea in a couple days
I love you.
Yes. I took a sample of people and made my determination
ya..soo..i have a pretty good feeling about this team <3
Packers I love you no matter what,WERE still better get them next season.
A very Happy Birthday to my buddy, !!
please follow me
is one to watch... dude was hipping me to much mixing techniques earlier today
Oh sweet! 405 during rush hour, in the rain…
The Morning by The Weeknd >>>>
im not gone give you a show if you want to see a movie go buy a fucking ticket battleship come out at midnight fucking peon subtweet dat
Nvidia booth is party rocking during set up. LOL.
Thanks for the shout out guys! Hope to see you at #TechInMotionPhilly tomorrow night!
yeah i don't half to but I'm getting out half a day just cause or when ever I leave
Only a hour and 10min left to win the autograph
See that orange balloon at ? That's us - come say hi. Your free tags await you!
AMAZING commercial!!! AMAZING voice!!!
I have an extra ticket for Seattle 2.0 awards tonight (I'm not going to be able to go). LMK if you want & will try to xfer.
Great. Another thunderstorm. Thunder better not destroy any more homes.
#gingerfilms Transgingers; Ginger's List; Rocky Horror Ginger Show; Do the Right Ginger; 28 Days Ginger; Jay and Silent Bob Strike Ginger
Phone calls with about our fucked up love lives >>>>
kind of enjoying multiple tweets about whatever ya'll are singing at UM
Yes is hands-down the baddest bad girl this season! #WhoopThatTrick!
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
I hate un-following someone and then seeing their tweet because someone retweeted it.
The 3 worst states to rent in? AL, AR & CO b/c laws favor the landlords. Even judges have said don't go against yer landlord in these states
That's so great to hear! Plus you got to witness the very last performance of "Delusion" ever... What a special experience!
Nobel Pig is the closest I have come to eating European food in the US. Amazing, brilliant and delicious. Long lines though.
Don't blame you. Only been there once, but my shirt would be. "I (indifferent shrug) NY".
Weather gets nicer, crime goes up?
Me too...Crave, crave, crave lol
I be getting lonely sometimes. I need a puppy or something. Lol.
are you going to nicks tonite..?
But the good news is, I ate so much ice cream and french fries that now salads and fat-free yogurt actually sound appealing!
& You sir, are very attractive. Therefore, I will stare at you
Thx. Still work in progress. I thought what Vivek W said re: women was interesting - waiting for pushback on that!
thanks for the follow love your tweets.
Trying to leave Vegas to go help mom w/my Nana, who fell last night. Have moved 10 miles in 40 minutes, on approach to Hoover Dam.
I love the word "liaise". Liaise liaise liaise.
Oh Jack's fucking burrito! i am totally Following:D
Excuse Me Sir But Be A Man Of God And Not Put That Name Think About It What Would Jesus Say ?
next stop to watch the fight.
Mississippi Street Fair tomorrow?
exciting, where are you off to?
Man I have a huge headache ugh
"Take care of the golf balls first--the things that really matter, the rest is just sand!"
This isn't a crush load red line. We just decided to play a giant game of sardines.
If you have a picture that will work well as a Twitter background when repeated click on tile background when uploading the picture.
We've only got a couple of sizes left in each color. Send us a DM for color and size and we can get back to you!
You got it. Good look on the RT!!
my cat had problems with UTI in the past, so she's just weird about the box. I have to put her in every day myself.Then she goes
what's your FAVORITE Color ?
Americans NOW notice #GOP have FEWER&FEWER CREDIBLE JOURNALISTS who EVN LISTN 2 their #GOP lying whines&spews bout America?
Sudden craving for taco bell
Real shit if I follow u!!! Follow me 2!!!!
No, not at all! Now just need Avi completed by in the bottom right corner.
That's a dope team! So excited for you all. Have fun and kick ass.
Yo Mama So Fat she sat on a rainbow and made skittles.
Cool! We'll check it out and keep you in mind!
Ice cream places need to deliver. It would save me the hassle of having to put a bra on to leave my house.
why does newfoundland look like austria? and when has a glacier ever moved as fast as jets?
thanks for all the hat-tips yesterday! :)
get with rakes Willis Troutman. First baptist studio. 6:30.
Ma I think I saw the Easter Bunny on your back porch. I'm not sure. I only caught a glimpse.
Yeah I have no idea how to play never have I ever #oops #teamsleepover <3
I'm horrible about weekend tweeting... will try to do better next weekend
i couldn't resist with a show called
Gotta bring this new years in good!!!!
4 real, that was so rude, what is wrong with ppl?! That literally made me sad and mad:-/ How do u do it?
Ready for the week
I'm not Judging anybody, cause I no ppl Make Mistakes but there's Too many ways to Prevent Pregnancy.
Bitches be stab victims , domestic violence victims , gave birth to 12 kids , skinny no ass , bad outfits
Cookout in Cville is a powder keg - long, confusing lines, parking lot and drive-thru are too small, loud music adds to the insanity
Tourists plz quit going in the water when the beaches r closed. You put our lifeguards lives at risk wen they gotta save ur stupid asses
Exactly my thoughts. Working on the post now.
Thinking about joining their membership....
#Pennsylvania followers #text ODYSSEYVIP to 90210 for #special offers & news from Odyssey Fitness in #Wilkes-Barre, PA.
Great to meet you too man. Keep up the excellent work - big fan of what you're doing!
everyone thanks for following(: could we get to 100 followers by the end of next week??(: now go follow !!
Like the Smithsonian, Metro's a beloved icon of this city. Plus that whole "seat of government" thing ;-)
The person you care for the most is the one person you will let hurt you the most.
im a DUMB ass..i thought i was getting hated on and found out i was getting PROPS...smh..lol lol lol i feel hella STUPIT!!!
We are planning USC MT Phy135B Review this time around! Please spread the word for us! We won't disappoint you. It will be on 3/31 Sat
Pouschine Cook Announces Sale of Doe &amp; Ingalls
One day different IE versions will run side by side and I won't need f-ing VM's to test.
YOU are the reason I have a middle finger.
Much better. Nice to see your smiling face. Ruth had her first signing tonight at the OR Jewish Museum. Very exciting.
Agreed! "Be Mine" just plain old rocks too!
girl nothing. BORED!!
i love my boyfriend <3
I have, many times, turned the Sox off in disgust. But this evening’s level of indignation was unprecedented; Jerry York was in the booth.
I had bush on my bench anyway, he is a scrub. And Brady is going to dominate
am looking for a serious investor or partner for a new online business opportunity that will be a serious player in the online shopping
Come on twitter- Help us reach 300 followers!
...and you could have wispered that to me from the weather desk, you're that close! ;)
omg its tookin me like 3 weeks just to get 143 followers damn i must b ugly
you and cath need to hurry up. Me and T Woo are getting #joedunbarwasted without you.
Happiest of birthdays to Melissa Ann Oliver, a very small person and the greatest girlfriend in the whole wide world. Love you!
Benefit "Laughter is the Best Cosmetic" House Party! #benefitfan. Would love to host
there's a $30 Black and Decker for short term. I'd invest $100-$150 on Breville or Jack Le Lane.
Yellow for Kompany
I missed the gym this morning. I will make it up during my two 15 minute breaks at work.
APPLY NOW! Open Position: Director of People Resources (HR) in South Florida. Salary Range: $100k-$120k. Click on Link for Job...
No Leadership Meeting Today.. Design Team Interviews going down!! Happy afternoon
basically. *shrugs* that's why their house gets trashed almost every weekend. lmfao
should come to the TRDA Spring Show "Dance Works" April 26th, 27th, or 28th at 7:30pm at the Betts Theatre in the Marvin Center!
thnks for the follow! Promote?
RT : Wrapping up a BIG project today with today at Grateful for & team.
Group 1, Climate Change + Energy: use social media to track energy usage and incentivize energy saving activities
No matter how much times passes it still hurts. No matter what I find out I'm still confused. Miss you dad 4.1.02
where is it going to be?
she did such a great job! I'll send a pic after her grooming this Friday :)
Ok Instagram is becoming a drug
So far Mary j Blige has drawn the biggest crowd I've seen here
Better than diets or herbal supplements, herbal teas are the most effective way to get the benefits of herbs, safely and easily.
podcast. I can't clean without one playing. I would have done the same thing. I hate stealing.
Thanks for the RT appreciate them
Come to NYC and see for yourself
idk he works at the smoothie king across from the mall and is going to Northeastern Univ. and he says he knows your sister?
Had fun home churching.a lot of reading and object lessons :) pastor young let me fire his rifle.:D
you did that on purpose! Haha
go to the movies
Oh! Center Stage is on. I don't care of it's almost done either. #nonguilty,guiltypleasure
it will b hard trust me
NO...THE LIONS!!! lmao
It's Saturday!!!!!!!!!!!!!Come hang out on the patio with a delicious La Casa margarita!!!!!!
Woke up too early ugh .-.
LIVE JUNE 15th IN MESA AZ ---> GET YOUR TICKETS NOW --WWW.FYOURSWAG.COM/TICKETS
wanted some tips for how to avoid injuries!!!
great meeting you last night. I'm Stan Verrett's business guy, lets link up.
do it on an off week. Idk why iu doesnt want to play, LOS is a regional next year. It would be an awesome environment as well.
That was close. Marimba player almost got plowed.
I think it's funny how defensive people get when I say I'm moving. Um.... I don't care if you stay or go. I'm telling you my plan.
Still trying to hit 1000 likes! Help us out by suggesting us to your friends! What song would you like for free?!?
Thanks for following us !!
thank u!! omg we havn't tlked in foreva!!
After 2 APs today and 5 total, I'm finally done! Thank Jesus! ='D
I really enjoy driving through the windmills in northern Indiana.
Andre Ethier homers in the bottom of the 8th to put the #Dodgers on top 2-1 over the
Don't forget to stop by both stores to check out our selection of merchandise for the holidays! We have something for everyone on your list!
Thank you very much! :)
Failure has gone to his head. ~ Wilson Mizner
warming up...Really looking forward to up next, inspiring cat
New to Twitter and Duke blows
Had to check the Year. VP of Marketing stated Facebook or Social are not worth using. Someone take that mo's budget.
this is fantastic! May the 4th be with you too Krinky
I'm not going to Disney so we can see the avengers tonight if you guys want
snow, sludge and a friday night in NYC.
I see
I hear you on the weeds Are you taking a break for summer from schooling?
Bankers Life Fieldhouse makes me think I should go there wearing a top hat, chewing a cigar and looking through a monocle.
OMG. CANT WAIT UNTIL THEY ANNOUNCE THE WINNER o:
Polo is my world
“: Fritz Lang's NICK FURY, sometimes confused with Brian De Palma's THE NICK FURY. #ArtHouseAvengers” <---- So awesome!
uh, not the Stanford prison experiment but the 3rd wave experiment, is what I would love to replicate. clarification!
We are in a office hoes! Should you be yelling in terrible slang.
hey go here and avoid the crowds on black friday! www.sendittomeokay.com shop and get paid for it!
Ugh the guy sitting next to me in court smells like actual death <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
The homie killed his verse on 'Straight Like that'........
I bet your parents are in a lot better shape than I am. :-)
swerved over the line like a drunk driver
A drink or 12! Awesome. The best dissertation is a finished one.
am cool wat r u up to
You're welcome <3
Prince of Persia is on, not my choice, so I'll continue to tweet, we do have a Playstation 3 hooked up for later though
Saturday and Sunday visit our Great “all you can eat” brunch with {awebottomlessosas.
... That song will now be stuck in my poofy head all day. LoL
Summer in LAUSD; freezing in a district training session...brrr!
OK, the sniffing is going beyond allergies. Really don't want to be getting sick.
Ronnie Brooks: We are our own barriers to our growth and change. Pay attention to habits. Use values to inform daily practice.
Great question. Give me a call in my office to discuss. I'm always available for my team.
hows your hairless dog?
I just didnt think you would watch Rambo haha.
Kinda bored
I can never eat a pickle in peace! -.-
I'm with And I'm not with racist All clits are one, dude. And I prefer gristle.
Happy birthday to !:)
Category 8-a winner is WYCC and Zacuta Films
oh no, check ur DM..i sent the shipping info
she's not as popular as one may think!
Ng: Minority subjects are producing online partnerships that are as compelling and important as the offline world.
. 1-to-1 model. Kids post FB pic of fully grown mushroom farm & gets a kit donated to elementary school of their choice
Im gettin pay- per, look at me now
Just because you've been oppressed doesn't mean you should be in charge.
what did they do now?
BOOM! You're the man. See ya there and thank you!!!
That's why I love Hubie. Right on the call two seconds before the play happens.
Thinking about getting a job with Texas Lawman
In Lincoln <U+270C>shopping time
it'll be okay girlie! keep your head up ! <U+E32D><U+E32D> you!
5 billion for Michael Jackson ?? Really I thought he was waayy more then that. He is the greatest for a reason. Long Live the KOP.
Cindarella man is my movie
Playin' T Woods w/ Chris.. Got off to a slow start but not too bad! Similar to real life, my short game is awful.
I think you should start riding a scooter out to the bump from the pen!
You gawt bronchitis? RT : I can't breathe!
what about westside??
I love when people go through my room...
Crap. game tix to #TBWII fell through. My brother is using them. On to much more expensive plan B
Temp, 4 week assignment - Medical Assistant position in the NE area call 881-4339 ASAP! Must have exp w/ blood drws and 1+ yrs current exp.
The famous Thomas O'Brien is the name you're looking for--and thank you for the kudos!
We presented a major offer to a potential investor. From what we know he's excited about the deal. He wins = we win.
I don't even know what I just fucking saw ... jesus christ.. I don't even...
It's Friday, Friday, got to get down, etc.. I'd like to tell you we have Rebecca Black Cherry froyo for you, but that would be a filthy lie.
Gen. X Vapor just bought another customer a Falcon! What will you do with all the money you save on e-cigarettes? www.genxvapor.com
I think she's neat
yes, but when you get into an accident it isn't bone chilling cold outside. :)
hahaha duh! I am not the best w movie quotes obviously
I hate girls that smoke
Terms I love to hate "strong island". Anyone knows who started that one please let me know
so you arent okay!
Yes! How dare you not reply to my email that, if printed, would be 4 pg long. I'm looking forwd to hearing from you tho {sigh}
the Almost video is coming out pretty soon yea?
Thx for the retweet. You are my hero! :-)
mexican and margaritas with Kylie :)
Wanna be stuck up niggas<<<<
Great patio weather and drink specials, vs T-wolves on at 7:00 and no cover all weekend!!
First, I'd like to thank my parents......what do you mean I didn't win the lottery?!
what ever it is let me know cause latley your move is the best move in the A holla at Swamp izzo for me and Ray !
we all make mistakes. Everyday is a learning experience. You don't have to be in school to learn something.
i feel like painting
Josh Gunn talks about how repetitious pleasures are thought excessive and childish. Reminds me of reactions to fanfiction
you'll see the light one day, btw!
Today's goal for the children's reference desk: no crying. (For me, or for the kids.)
Im sick and it feels like it's getting worse!
I had a lot of pictures on that phone... but I have the good ones burned into my memory
yo! that's a major move homie! Let me know when its out so we can promote. You gon need me to come open up for you soon!
"My footsteps are 1 million times louder when I'm going to get a midnight snack."
Check out our new phone number, easy to remember and easy to add to your contact list!! VIP TAXI 520-300-3000 !!
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date -You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
For you by keith urban >> <U+2764><U+2764>
I'm so excited it's #MAY tomorrow! Who else is pumped?! :)
Commercial Models come in all sizes, shapes, ages and looks. Learn more at www.howtomodel.com
Quintilian~ Those who wish to appear wise among fools among the wise seem foolish.
Good morning!
Thanks for the shout-out! We're thrilled and exhausted in equal measure. So glad you could join us.
Ok i'm getting off now guys. Writing Runaway Love and 2 other stories. Chapter 1 will be up tomorrow :D ~Leanne<21
Sinbad talking at cent catholic auction. Hilarious!
Love the #FabFitFun blog! I check it everyday for the great tips and tricks! Thx for all the awesome info! Amazeballs!
Another Day of School.
R.I.P. Dick Clark, NYE will never be the same.... :-(
Why you dont like me? Cause im extra Dark& Sexy & why you cant satisfy ya wifey & if it wasnt for this mmc exposue cdc, tv lol!
The only problem w/ Monday events is flying out on Sunday, but I am ready to rock an Oakland hotel in the morning.
sup wit ya B
toms at get young @ the beat come say hey! he is wearing a black hat!
enjoy Bora!:) take care always!:) love & miss you all!:)
Awhhhh, shiiiii-. #Congratulations! to da #Youdontknow how excited I am for this upcoming NFL season! :)
I can't wait!
Today was a boring ass day ctfu
tomorrow is my 13th birthday
everyone needs to stop talking #SHIT lmao jk keep going its entertaining!
Hope everyone makes the press conference tomorrow. It's open to the public @ Mardi Gras Casino in cross lanes. 1pm. Fighters etc!!
That's amazing and adorable.
Hehe...I would imagine so! Hubby wants me and the kiddos to learn to ski...I'm kinda accident prone, think I should give it a go?
Filner says he's the only candidate who's talking about relationship between Mexico and U.S.
I was actually at the downtown post office. I don't usually make it out of city center!
Not my most brilliant idea. It did, however, get me thinking about drinking coffee in the morning before the Eugene Marathon.
don't get any more cute. Kay? I just won't be able to take it. (;
RT : Today: on "American Networks, American Nerds," 4 p.m., Research Commons
in an out the studio being on the road doing shows
Trying to go back in my timeline & follow some of the people who helped surprise me with the TT today. Can't believe it's still trending! <U+2665>
If you haven't checked out The Art of Manliness blog, you should. Today. Especially if you're a man.
Every time i half way get to sleep my cell phone rings.. Every time I put it on vibrate my dog barks FUK I just wanna sleep!!! Smh
I don't care what Omaha says they play frisbee football at Memorial Park...Frisbee harder than pillow. I will still be there
Today is National #TellAStoryDay. Tweet us your #Diversity story using the hash-tag: #CulturalUnity!
drunk people say the darnedest things :)!
"The Symphony"..."put a quarter in ya a*s cause you played ya self " *drops mic* RT: Best posse/crew CUT of all time
what's the answer to that question? I'm not pedicabbing tonight. Wanna grab a beer?
Hey , hope #octoberfest was fun...
Wrong Kon. :P
The truth is every man dies , but not every man lives
I always thought it was so spring breaky there, but that place is calling my name.
. But not really - just lately has been noticed by people in the 'first world' with little credit given to long-time activists
guess who's back in the hood...
did he say anything at the end
OMG!!! I just heard Master P and Gucci Mane on a new track On
I used love you guys! I used to buy shoes all the time from you guys in law school. You lost many styles I liked.
College baseball is amazing b/c there are no contracts, just passion!
alls good except #Knicks suckin haha..I'm in #LA in 3 weeks..let's hit the town homie!
#What2ChainzWouldSay i keep her hot, p coat. I beat ya girl like debo. She miss me like shaq free throws. Now her knees hurtin like D. Rose
can't do the 1st...
Just wait until I do a Negative Nelly post about the stress, time & money suck of a renovation. You'll run the other way!
you might want to turn off the auto post in last.fm :)
Every guy or girl on Twitter that LOVES sexy,hot girls should be following !! So F@#king HOT!!!!
Unique Ball Gown Short Strapless Print Homecoming DressUnique Ball Gown Short Strapless Print Homecoming Dress
Way too cute
how yu been??
My mom just made hot dogs, hamburgers, and bacon for dinner. Someone feed me something I can eat please.
On April 24th, 1846 the first blood of the #Mexican-American war was spilled. How long did it take for word to reach President Polk?
Obviously wasn't too ashamed to call in and answer a question to WIN the FREE gass card! Lol...
Thank you!!! :) Hope you guys are enjoying your weekend!!!! :)
What episode were you on? I'll dropbox some to you RIGHT NOW.
y that's cray
UGHH. IM SORRY BUT I HAVE MY SHOVEL READY FOR UR COUSIN.
"I'd be happier if you were sadder." - inarticulate director or really bad boyfriend
RT : Does anyone else try to act natural around cops, even if you didn't do anything wrong?
your beginners luck didn't help much. ahaha
I am a nasty skank.
Yea got my ipod fixed im happy :D
Finally getting Christmas up at North Ave!
Yeah!! RT : If I wasn't playing golf...I would be living in Colorado as a ski bum. Or, I would own a bunch of Chipotles...
Long trip but I finally finally made it home!! Love all my juice boxes next appearance will b posted soon!!! www.cdbaby.com/juicesoulmusic
What a great way to end 2011, & what a great way to start off 2012!
WOW Milwaukee is looking beautiful on this fine day! Who's going to join us in taking in the sunny view & munching down some tasty rolls?
pick up our holiday e.p. "Winter Plunderband" at our next gig--this Fri 11/18 at Club Garibaldi's in Milwaukee!
my county road was in great shape this morning! Thank you!
Shout out to my homie Follow Him #salute Bro
chest hurt!
That's a great point
RT It's the happiest hour. (@ PT's Gold w/ )
"RT : Major back up on Wash Ave. Did people hear is at ?" He deserves a plaque or something.
Yeah, feels like a routine but I do need to find different things to do. So, skype date in a few? :)
Being sick sucks.
i think she should get #notguilty, not enuf evidence! + shes been in jail for 4 yrs & her life is basically over now
what up my bro we gotta hook up on some music shit maybe Ill be falling thru wit Big Cuz soon
-- yeah, to quote you from a different thread, "what could possibly go wrong?" -- QOTD
Ok I tweet from this account like once a day. Lmao
had the pleasure of signing the wall at the Apollo, will share pictures as soon as I can.
At wsop-c event 1. Dealer is warming up pitching lol.
#HeatherMorris is freakin awesome & we will do a #musicvideo & I am dancin' w/that chick!
We overlap all of the time, but will often try to coordinate efforts so that we don't duplicate.
yes it did lol
Agreed!!! “: I never seem to win my fights w/ the database. PastPerfect, why can't u b less logical & more whimsical? Loosen up.”
ya, one of my favorites. Its from Hosea 6
Tired phrase "they would turn back the clock" is deceitful wordplay designed to block recovery of all that had made us great.
Y'know what's tighter than my axle nuts? Friendship :)
We were just eating..and then, BOYFRIEND starts playing. Guess where it caame from. MY BROTHERS FONE. ITS HIS RINGTONE. DEAD. !
hii , how are you ?
It was a great show Mike. Crazy to see how some performers don't appear to age...
Naming someone Hope seems desperate.
"Let's try something different this time. How about we define goals -before- starting the project?"
quick, cheap, fresh, tasty. would definitely recommend. pretty sure today is official opening.
Aaaackk! All the questions I know I need to answer. :) something b/w über professional and über artsy. Descriptive, huh? :)
I did Tai Chi briefly. It was relaxing and kinda fun. I'd try it again, especially to help with my back.
I see you
Hey Hawthorne Burgerville is serving up some great seasonal items...drop by and find out what
I tired just thinkin' about it. I really really commend you. That is awesome.
East Falls #Philly resident discount this weekend. $25 off computer services. Repair, training, upgrades etc etc etc... Give a call!
Usually I hate moms and everyone hates kids, but your twats are fucking hysterical.
"The ability to ask questions is remarkably human"
RT Im meeting with secretary Clinton.
I can go out right now, grab any random woman I see, and marry her, but if I tried to marry a guy I loved it would be illegal. Shameful.
Giving infuses our life with joy and meaning. Providing an eternal perspective that interjects purpose to life. jim woods
what don't u like about him?
SOL today and tired<<<<this isn't gonna go well.
we'll see!
yeah lol, but boring . Wish i was at the beach like everyone else!
OMG. That is crazy!!!!
Tickets to Europe... I haz them. :D
Watching my red meat intake. Had to settle for a Tuna Melt. It was tasty!
the concept and title can be enough inspiration to get you to finish the song in one sitting. So for you VERY important...
“: I might have something for you.” anxious to share it!
thinking it might be time for a LOST re-watch.
Thank you! We think so. We've had lots of happy people who tell us how much they appreciate having Y2C for a treat.
So if not winning anything's your argument then does that makes Jeff Lurie Inept as well?
yeah, thanks. I'm more than 500 ft from Frontier Airlines Center :)
hahaha I thought I was seeing things at first until I realized it was supposed to be like that
Follow supporting role Julia Warner
you beat sonic yet.? I'm stuck.
life beckons, but u ladies sort this out, pls tweet! I'm sure 140 characters will be enough!
we're going to the California State Fair 2morrow! :3
Like I'll literally give someone gas money to bring me from the Nawf and back to mesquite, cause I got shit to do.
Gym Flow
Tonight at 8pm. Wide Open Beaver Shot of My Heart. PushPush/Ian Belknap. A truly great piece of theater.
Yep, get in towards the evening. :-)
What a whole lotta love!!!!!
oh what are we discussing??
Keep doing what you're doing girly! :)
woot!! this game looks awesome!
When i saw u i was afraid to meet u When i meet u i was afraid to love u When i loved u i was afraid to lose u !!
Thanks for following and welcome (wilkommen, bienvenue, witamy) to Newark Twinning!
Waiting on the cast of "The Great Gatsby" to arrive at the Herberger for our meet and greet!!
Rudy Gay
Discovered two words that should never be used together: "Jungle Curry"
any chance you can save spots for two cute girls and your long lost twin? (he's your height!)
filled in on 11 o'clock news tonight-- went on late.. 4:25am comes early.. a nap, a birdbath and some buffalo wings and i'm good for morning
why did cross the road? to get to the liquor store! hahaha
Great seeing U in my neighborhood this AM.Thks 4 the VA discus'n.Not done often enough! VA in 1920's.U a VAn 2,WOW homegrl!
At the Chicago Citizen Newspaper Judge Town Hall
I saved our old conservations cuz' its the only thing I have left of you.
NBA cares
Looks like by even conservative estimates I will witness my first hurricane this weekend. Exciting. I'll be at work, natch.
i love your pet cow Mo
Is it me our is Jr. Samples always high?
Calamity Jane!
“: I hope those vaginas grow teeth and attack your dick” savage
How ironic is it that I'm sitting behind my director for the Santa Clarita Shakespeare Festival here @ CBS for Hairspray?
MT : Starting today, you can get poetry on a taxi, but you still have to fight with cabbies to get them to leave Manhattan.
God opens doors right in the middle of Kc's pizza!
Happy Birthday !! See ya Tuesday when comes in for some luv :)
Who do you write for?
I wait for to get off the bus so she knows its real.
I dread getting up so early tomorrow morning<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> so tired!!
So what should we call taking moving pictures with a smart phone? It isn't really filming, and it isn't viedotaping. Video recording?
ha! I can't believe it's been 45 places! Tried today, finally, and it was pretty delicious!!
On July 6th, 1781 at the Battle of Green Spring, outnumbered American forces under Gen. Lafayette clashed with the army of Gen. Cornwallis.
Join ua as we fellowship with New Citadel of Hope Christian Church at 3201 Atlanta Industrial Parkway, Atlanta, GA 30331 TONIGHT at 7:30pm!
How do you lose 2 billion dollars?
Gotta love running the mile first period on a Monday...
I'wannaToo MuchPretty GurlSwaqq.......Best Facebook name I've seen yet. She also works at "makin them niggas drop".
I gotta roll up another 1
just said this: "One vote! The only thing that could be closer is if it was a tie!" Now THAT'S analysis.
It's easy - we match you with the best available apartments for free. Have questions? Ask away!
No! Pin wheel of death! Why????
Cannot believe it's only 10:15 and I'm thinking about lunch already!
how come nearly every FSC broadcast has very poor signal quality? Almost unwatchable and we pay extra for it.
What's up with the Suspicious Sign In messages from Google and Google Sync being down?
Red Sox are having their collapse early this year.
I've never seen it before - its made by Beringer's. Found it at my grocery store next to the pink moscato. It's really good!
Stop...can't be that bad RT : I will pay someone to give me a massage.
I thought that it was talking about Flo from Progressive...
Haha “: If we're "just friends" why do I know what your lips taste like?”
Sweet surprise day off from work! What to do....
Not seeing much twitter hate 4 #DCComics. Might just b b/c I don't follow any #Marvel editors.
Creating animated stories, working on script for a video. BELOW THE BRIM the art of storytelling.
TRANSFER - TAKE YOUR MEDICINE (Official Video): via
follow back?? :)
Thank you too bro! Have a good weekend :-)
you got cheated because everybody gets to hold a koala. i suggest you sue Australia.
Romney&#39;s economic message seems at odds with some GOP governors&#39;
hey Matthew. What's the status on the video! I'm excited
Do you ever type out a tweet and then delete it cause it was filled with too much bitterness?
igotz my first pay today too haha hell yea boy
Lot's of changes to facebook. now our facebook fan page is not working. Anyone else having that problem? TJ
ahaha weird matt told me to send one to you so he could see it
Have followed you since the beginning of your career! Please follow me now Rosie! We do good things for kids in Vegas!
Thanks Joe! Good reference with Jaylo
Thank you for following
Traffic cameras are rockin' and rollin' this morning. A windy, rainy start to our Thursday.
I live near Santa Monica! I wanna do it!!
Had a great meeting yesterday with and others on the GIE Media team!
You know what I love? I love it when sends me #BizDev love.
Five teenagers lounging in the living room (including some older boys.) Resisting the impulse to go hide in my bedroom.
A limited number of tickets will be available for those who want to participate in ghost investigations onboard the Berkeley + Star of India
Wow I thought last Wednesday was the most hungover I'd been on a Wednesday in a while. I've upped it at least two levels today.
Can't emphasize enough the importance of getting your business or non-profit listed on ALL the free directory and social media sites!
Welcome back, #TheShins. If I believed in emoticons this would get an animated smiley face and thumbs-up.
"Beef patties from Irie's and jamaican rum / I'm right on Bowdoin, that should tell you what state I'm from"
Hit level 40 on been up all night playing. Night everyone!
The I Heart benefit hosted by Jessica, Rachel & Salon Denver at Denver Beer Co. was a great time last night for a great cause - TCC Kids!
Someone asks "Do you ever beat your girlfriend?" "Only every time I clap"
- Wow, what a great project! Thank you so much for the follow, i'm looking forward to all of this! And i feel kinda cool.... ;-)
I don't have 1 cuz my mom don't know I have a twitter
get to omaha
Going out this morning to get hr massages with my babe
yay! RT Excited for some Yoga Sculpt tonight.
Kids engrossed in 1962 Twilight Zone - Ray Bradbury's I Sing The Body Electric.
"The eyewitness said he didn't actually see it happen." 1st line of 's A Wanted Man, which gave him the idea.
RT : We are proud to be the 2012 Forever Family sponsor and we really appreciate Florida Commerce and The Red...
If ur up like me. Then what u doing? Im just chillin smoking.working
Will them to do what? #this #I #gotta #hear ;-)
Its not even my birthday but he wanna lick the icing off
But, the Finns are from New Zealand. So, while you may be in Oz, you're hearing a foreigner!
I'm looking to buy a beach home in PCB, FLA.
Don't mind me I'm just thinking out loud...
Teacher sounds like Tom Hanks
Pretty sure all Simmons postings are now on GSLIS Jobs & Opportunities Blog instead. My job was posted just this week.
Plus Frankfurters on Pretzel Buns/Hearty Seafood Stew with Mussels, Scallops, Tilapia /Pulled Chicken Salad over Mixed Greens.
The island of misfit toys.
Your CD pic cover is awesome. Found Access a couple days ago. Already working wonders and your music is an added bonus:-)
industry knows he wouldn't influence like that especially on something he doesn't follow!
Who cares about Tebow? He can't hold a candle to Cam Newton.
Wow. Had no idea that was a problem.
is your PC running slow or very loud? Prob because of dust caked in the front & back! $50 spring cleaning this weekend. Free pickup & return
Going into day 4 with 300k, 18 players left and lots of time to relax and get sleep tonight. 730pm end time is tilting some but not me.
I lost all my contacts since september.. please send me you info if I got it since september please!
What a GREAT Night!!!! Thank you for everyone who came out and showed support for the #HTACouncil and our fight to end #HumanTrafficking !!
I was just informed that my twitter account has been hacked. I apologize to anyone who may have received spam earlier today.
": Fine line between being tanned, & looking like u just rolled around in a pile of Cheetos." I just drooled, for both.
amber rose....
or maybe there should ALWAYS be music accompanying papers?
Scrapple is off the hook!
It's so hard to study when good movies are on. love The Blindside <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Thanks for the imageJ reply. It was a researcher here at my uni that needed help but I didnt' have much help to offer.
Live on your android,ON TUNE IN RADIO RADIO,,RETWEET FOR SHOUT OUTS
Latin Jazz - Josh Jones at the Cigar Bar San Francisco, Thu pm, December 16
So what you sayin? *eats shrimp in Red Lobster with my shirt off and houseshoes on*
Major Congrats, Rob, on optioning your comedy script.
what's up buddy when you coming to la
Rondo thinks he is Magic again so far tonight, way to many no look and behind the back passes already
Ch 8 Alabama is the only state that does not provide counsel for indigent death row inmates after they exhaust their initial appeals
Finding educational & information website to add to the library's Delicious bookmark collection.
Would love to learn more about what you're up to...looks like amazing stuff!
Have you ever had a crush on someone only to find out he is 18?
follow me Please??
Survived RV overnight and storm from hell,thanks to Trader Joe's pizza and those salty chocolate almonds.
Fact“ Real love is knowing someones weaknesses and not taking advantage of them. Knowing their flaws & accepting who they are.”
John Cena in a car accident? Rikishi did it. "I did it for "
Catch her tonight through Saturday and call 415-397-7573 to avoid service fees
Love the pics from NYC on facebook! I finally checked them out!! GOOD TIMES!! :)
10 deserving families will build their homes in 5 days in partnership with #buildathon2012 AmeriCorps and volunteers
what did you make?
I need to go shopping to take my mind off of things ~
I'm miss my pencil </3
Sorry I'm so awesome!
#MeetOscar is trending, apparently for that new chimpanzee film. Is starring?
The pitcher goes often to the well, but is broken at last. <U+304A><U+3054><U+308B><U+5E73><U+6C0F><U+306F><U+4E45><U+3057><U+304B><U+3089><U+305A>
I finally finished watching Frasier, and now there's an empty void in my life.
also i found out there is going to be a sex in the city 2 and spiderman 4
awe <3 i bet you live by oak ridge don't you? « im down :x»
"Parents told their baby on 'no-fly' list, pulled from flight" #yahoonews Al Quaeda is training them young!
what's the occasion?
#WW Top #Environment of color tweeple:
I can think of at least 6 things that aren't on this everything bagel.
New projects to get started and a very important one to go back and revist time to get to work. Records cant make themselves lol
Happy Veteran's Day, everyone! OSU students, enjoy your day off (and stop by to see us!)
ayy babbe did you answer me on voxer thing? my mom has my phone...AGAIN..
Lots of love from my Jake. the other cats were like oh you are back whatever!!!
Vegan sweet potato rav sounds so good. =
LMAO!!": Sitting in #MHCCIM listening to prattle on and on about #hashtagging !!!!"
I LOVE SO MUCH AND HE NEVER NOTICES ME.. I WISH SOMEONE WOULD TAKE ME TO SEE HIM IN CONCERT.. I WOULD EVEN BY THEM A VIP PAS
On this flight to Minneapolis, this lady is head banging in her sleep.
yes, we did, someone will follow up today!
My Best Picture personal favorite - The Help. My prediction - The Artist.
aw thanks kyle:) i'll see you in two weeks! :D get excited, we have to do something fun that weekend i get back
I need someone to talk me to sleep
lol I ain't got any
At work. Tired of snow..Holla
RT : #ff The Sound Church family
people who look at me funny when im packing up when im all in pre w 70%+ in a tournament are retarded
id like one, but I understand if I didn't get one considering Im not actually a part of it.
: Tonight I did indeed hear Bob Dylan, on Sirius XM, refer to Leonard Bernstein as "a cool cat." ( smiles)
i need some headphones.
Another goal for today: share best practices.
The asparagus grown in Yakima is so delicious. Inspirado for some kind of special. We're back open Thursday!
I LOVE YOU AUSTIN <3 just to let you know (: please flow me! (:
you too! I've been trying to kill this migraine since and have yet to leave my Dads place.
So if don't live in NYC and love wine we pourin All ya gotta do is add it to your cart and we will send it off to ya!
same reason you have Charles Barkley promoting weight watchers
Thanks 4 watching it!
see ya tomorrow!:)
I love my high top fade
#stuffwhitepeoplesaytoblackpeople is that your real hair? can I touch it? "bitch you fucking serious black can have good hair" damn lol
Going with to the BD vs Avon Baseball Sectional to see how much sucks.
Just gave a money to a homeless man that had a sign that said "Why lie? I need beer!"
My puppy gets so scared when the fire alarm goes off.. aww poor thing
The expectation that women should dress and/or act like men is wrong, but still out there in some ways. Being authentic...
Office Space is funnier every time I watch it.
If you can describe yourself in one word, what would that be?
You have it in stock?
RIP MCA. He was a hero and role model of mine.
I love my family! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Just drive by where #JerseyShore stayed in Miami.
haha so good!!
Come say hello @ the booth of U of Nebraska Med Center College of Public Health - newly CEPH accredited school of public health
Hell yes! RT : Tomorrow! 5/3 11-4pm come by the ROCK BUS! Mellow Bravo & LIVE at 1265 Boylston St in Boston!
Going to sign autograph on Macy'S Plaza 750 W. Seventh St. Los Angeles, CA 90017 at 7:30 am on Sunday and Monday. :)
I find myself so happy these days
Speed, strength, and the inability to register pain immediately. ~Reggie Williams, when asked his greatest strengths as a football player
I'm scrolling down my TL and I just move my fingers to the side and it retweets and favorites random shit -./
Paul Holmgren seems impulsive enough to move Bryz out, just on principle.
amen sister, to go along with that: slower traffic keep right, why is that hard to understand?
I love the Christmas cards start arriving!
Hey! Want to win a family four-pack to Ballet Arizona's The Sleeping Beauty? Post here with a fairytale princess!
How sad is it that I have never heard One Direction? All I know about them is there's some #gay rumors??
A guy at Sendicks was on his motorcycle w/ his German Shepherd. In what world is this a good idea?
40 mins and we are free !!
Lovelust is a great & interesting show!!!
Dear State Patrol: Thank you for being after someone else and not me, but FU for the heart attack. kthxbye
48 hours till 's party in the MIA!!
WE LOVE YOU, Please notice me? Please don't change, ever..?
tweeting strangers
Am I the only one that sees some herpes-like thing on Courtney's upper lip? It was there last week too.
Was surprised to learn from the breast cancer survivors they feltdeep relaxation from the guided meditation session. Relaxation = healing.
Ill be at work for the game but trust me, ill be checking my phone on a regular and watching the replay when i get home...
I wish .. the majority of our campus are EndNote users, can't see converting very many of them at this point.
Good morning Colorado. We rent copiers for a day or a month or a year. Please give us a call. 303-778-0600
#ThingsBlackPeopleSayInArguments You saw a vampire? You hittin da pipe again? Swear to god you never see the kids again if you on dat pipe.
when you going ?
ack - first tweet is less memorable than I had hoped :P
I think i may be the only person losing twitter followers and not gaining them hahaha
Going to follow 100 to people today.
I just heard #chasingthesun and it is amazing!
I think a corporation that completely renounced ALEC would get a lot of support.
When did Russia officially beat out Japan for being the world's top producer of awesome cat videos?
New interviews for on Friday. Carolyn Kellog (), , , and Jerry Stahl.
superman, batman going all night
Trying to satisfy a hankering for BBQ in a new town - drove into Walt's in #Cincinnati and the parking lot is jammed. Good sign.
I was talking about the dropbox cards we got in the swag bags
first weekend on-call for work, going very smoothly!
Still on the road...I think we may be getting a bit delirious. And bored. at the wheel.
were you able to change it? :)
"We're hungry, we're broke, we can't pay the rent, we must be a part of the 99%!" across from Bank
I hate pollen, I hate allergies, heck I even hate trees right now. Head hurts and can't breath
Ha, ha...just started reading that after all the hype. Not sure what I think yet.
it's your passion. It's a gift. Embrace the tedium. “: Composing & producing is tedious when you want to do good work.”
Can't get enough boomslap chatty nights in da civic.
Insight - market & practice area drives rates... More than experience, more than firm resources. Finance high litigation low.
#favouritelyric I've got electric guitars, I play my stupid songs, I write these stupid words and I love every one waiting there for me...
Yes. Truly inspiring lyrics like "I'm gonna stick my dick in the mashed potatoes."
miss ya, Baba. Bring it on back to MKE one of these days and holler at your boy :)
RT: #Gemini are true, loyal and honest friends to have»
Happy Easter:)
hahaha it's just funny lol. I mean two of your good friends thought it was funny. You just should take it so serious
Who's House? Dawgs House!
Sending YOU some love right back! Gotta hear you sing again soon!! I'm going through Clayton withdrawal!
really why u keep lying for?
It's been awhile.
Thanking the man above for another day
Thank you for the #FF. You are on my follow list.
I heard that you want to come back and stay in nap
and we smoke that kush and we ball like swoosh man officially on cloud 9 yes finally
what up
Knock their socks off, Donald!
My long weekend is over. Back to work after open day & Wings + Saturday's Tigs game and Easter with two Casino visits mixed in.
was expecting a pic of Vincent Pastore
the weekends almost over! how was everyones weekend!? (:
Thanks for the RT! Hope you're doing well. Drop me a note sometime soon. :)
RT - Jaguars QB David Garrard looks to hold on to starting job: Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback David Garrard knows his ...
No sun to shadow my days or set the moon alight
I always unfollow people who don't eventually follow back. If you don't want to connect, unfollowing seems only polite to me.
If you aren't a #hypocrite, u will donate everything u make above what's needed for "basic living" 2 the less fortunate.
A nice day!
Good Morning. Off to spend the morning with my dad before I get to work.
I like you, too. Your name will never appear on any of the photographs I have of you, either.
Best vegan sandwich in Chicago: the #11 bahn mi at Nhu Lan. Best vegetarian sandwich in Chicago: the #11 bahn mi at Nhu Lan w/ mayo.
- through what means does the mind find its true power?
did u get that dm
If you a barber, and you bald... I definitely am not getting cut up by you.
Tempers flare on the turf as Colorado leads 13-7 at halftime. with 3G, 3A - 12 pts from new #NLL record
2/3 at the name. It had my cereals that I eat here in the States! The store is right next to the sandwich shop. All the best..
Tahje started yelling at the boys for no reason ...
Marcia Brady is going to be devastated. Keep all belts and shoelaces away from her.
can't believe i just started breaking bad... shows about underachieving geniuses are da best
are we sure this cant happen after game 1?
There is nothing like a dream to create the future.
finally through this chapter of edits. Thank you #panera for your chocolate pastry.
Day 36: (bis) I am thankful to have been pointed out by my friend, that I have a lot of time at hand, if I can afford editing my own videos
follow back! And you tryna buy beats?
- the date, December 12, 2012 has yet to come. So,...
A Date date? Or just a date? :) That's exciting!
Album is officially DONE! Hu$$la Ent. Presents "If You Only Knew" Produced by my nigga ! Stay tuned for release date.
tell me your plans of thing I didnt really get a chance to talk to Ez about everything.so tell me all u do
What's going on this weekend I should know about ? Much love
go go productive Monday!
And in Highschool I was almost kinda of a rebel.. I found my lost cause in the 10th grade lol..
Are you ready for the NEW #LipstickRadio? Get ready for a whole new format, great interviews, Featured Indy Artists, & much more!
What about a torta?
always have the best tweets and the best account. It's nice. And you're very welcome! (:
I knew you'd eventually get revenge on me for that peeps comment.
“Silence is a girl’s loudest cry.”
Does own 's record label? Bumper music every break.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH ! <3 4
who's Dustin? like Dylan and Austin combined?
Seth Goldman marketing #brilliant 'how honest are you?'
its only fucked up for the trash niggas real niggas still gettin bread mike epps
OMG I say put a bird on it all the time and no one ever gets it!!
they're booing the goodall haha
Thank you for the RT! I hope your Monday is off to a great start!
Is lonely
If the human eye was a digital camera, it would have 576 megapixels!!
are you in SF this weekend?
You don't get harmony when everybody sings the same note. ~Doug Floyd
When system software engineers start building mobile apps, other guys' apps start to look like they were built by kindergarteners.
Good one. This is where they nail it in 2 weeks! “: What do you guys think about 's new strategy?”
cause u leave stains on brains, turn them into lames! Low key that's what I heard! jajajaja!
Good morning, #Albuquerque! We're digitizing, drawing, printing, and stitching like crazy to get you folks geared up, but weve got time yet!
ok, Im feeling calmer.
I know I'm probably late to the party, but Board of Man on is effing sweet, Bro
I was crying laughing so hard. I dvrd it as well. Goodtimes
There's a 10pm EST live push of RBV that will finally show what our project can do! Hope you'll check it out!
The Cure - Lovesong Lyrics: via
I'm a proud Mom and Block & Bridle alum! Daughter received Block & Bridle Oustanding Senior Award.
yo not much if I'm honest. same old nuffin. anything exciting your way?
and : COME TO THE PEARL at like ten. Just do it.
& all starting tonight for the Spurs.
he better be shirt less.
Learned of 4 yr limit on full text searches on sec.gov site at F-5.
Never thought I'd say this but Facebook could literally be a life saver right now.
": "1982 is beginning of the American Food Revolution"---CIA President Dr. Tim Ryan #CIAWOF"
Waisting your life to me is just that. Outdated answers and ignoring the beautiful world around you
Finally catching up a bit on TB. Then I see you just booked Soderbergh's flic! Fuck ya!
I'm packing my bag and coming over
wow this looks so real
goodluck! break a leg!
I just heard 'In Your Eyes' on the radio and immediatly thought of the famous Say Anything boombox scene. I need a Lloyd Dobler in my life.
yea u can
usually it's NASCAR here so evidently were on a break lol.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
San Diego Vintners Association is officially tweeting #sandiego #wine Please follow us, we're a cool group of happy winemakers.
HOLLY I'm still old school too, but I'd try the fishcake wrapping. Why a bun on that one?
Spending my final moments with my long af hair , caressing it. </3.
Good seeing you today and good luck this year bro
It was so lovely seeing the gorgeous last night! So many big things happening for this funny lady & no one deserves it more! <3
Learned a ton and got stupid connected in the local seo marketing world this weekend!!!
lol. If you insist.
See you there!
People honk their horns way too much in Miami.
Anyone see the 5000 word fluff piece about Romney's h.s. pranks in the Washington Compost?? What a waste of space!
Occupy everything milwaukee. Get a fucking job and figure out what your protesting before you speak for the sake of noise. #uwm #yourana ...
Out of $300 bounty after 2.5 hrs. First got a $50 bounty and doubled up.Then doubled a guy up w 97 vs 910 on 99Q flop. Then out set over set
now following..
He picks on me!....that's ok, i rigged his equipment this season so he does bad
Maybe she wont but then again maybe she will
Rock Hudson died on this day in 1985. He was one of the first well known celebrities to die from AIDS.
sometimes I wonder how they do it. they make it look so easy.
Drug dealer at bus stop trying to sell me weed said he hopes "everyone is alright" at todays rallies in west allis.
Maggie indeed has a brave soul to put up with such traumatizing experiences haha
Happy Mondays do exist! Thanking for the follow!
depressing weather!!
S/O to from the CEO's of Ganksta Enterprize
Find top-notch, budget-friendly children's furniture, including beds, dressers and more, at Affordable Rent-to-Own.
15% of the reason a person gets a job/keeps a job/advances is related to technical skills; 85% has to do with people skills.
Will be interested to see what Google comes up with for birthdays of inventors of Velcro & buttons.
Thanks for the nice words
"Billy you will hang from the neck til your dead dead dead' Billy: "well your honor. you can go to hell, hell, hell"
At the Bedroom Kandi event ft in Chicago!!
RT : Montee Ball named 1st Team All-America by CBSSports, ESPN & Yahoo! Sports. Congrats #ARAthlete!!
Today I witnessed a #sunny with no fucks
Those who have knowledge, don't predict. Those who predict, don't have knowledge. - Lao-tzu
Thank you Dina!
thx for the acknowledgement. Hopefully 2010 will be a good year for them.
And a good afternoon to you!
Finger Eleven, "PARALYZER"..."if your body matches what your eyes can do
what's happening now???? \
Wait, John Christ from Danzig? No. John Chriest from Lungfish. Oh, ok.
Mandate for : Next weekend. Farm n' Fleet. Trunk full of 99-cent ducklings.
Starts tomorrow, and through next week. However I will be alone since the family was off for the last 2 and begin again on Monday
It sucks getting used to being alone....all the time.
less politics and more blues please - then I'll RT your newspaper - at least move blues stuff to the top
Absolutely. It will be on the web at 7:00pm so can hear the whole thing then.
If you consider the most basic instincts, even childlike, Fear makes a lot of sense when considering Cons bigotry & hate.
That's what happens when you take bumgartner out!
Excited for #CesarChavezDay celebrations tmrw! His generation of civil rights leaders has opened so many doors for us.
thank you for the mention.
Shit Stockard Channing Says in Other Desert Cities needs to be a thing. But I guess you could call that thing...the play.
Blue sky's are upon us!
so In your own words what's does devious mean ?
Oh Well a lot of us are going now c:
sadly, so did I... in 6th grade! Damn! I'm old...
Great talk by Jeff Gomez on transmedia storytelling @
Well DM me yours, I got a new phone & lost my contacts...
yeahh we've planned ours out though for a while! I think it'd be fun. It's just the other two girls need to add us on the housing
best neighbors ever!
“: GOD IS SO GOD!!!!!! I thought I was gonna get a D in gen chem......I GOTTA B BITCH!!!!!” something's wrong with this lol
Up to 40k from 10k starting stack in the fixed limit.
#beliebers are ready for your #boyfriendvideo cannot take it anymore please
Thanks for RTs! , & - appreciate it!
Wait, are you talking about me?? Have you been talking to Delores??
what did you think of the show? oddly i think its one of best in recent years.
- can't return message - but am interested...
#nicknamesforbreasts "HATE YOU"
Vernon Davis of the 49ers has been charged with murder smh craziness
DeJesus with a leadoff double to start the game.
I haven't heard great things about this event, I am skipping this year...
Great Community tonight...look forward to your thoughts.
If you were a fruit fly. A sentence would seem more like a landscape.
If you do not decide what's important in your life, someone else decide for you!
nice! Looks the same after all these years.
Everyone should follow !!! Her tweets are on point lately!
Worry about Last minute site management? Worry no more.
good to see you also!
at first I read that as 'i need a #boyfriend"' and I thought ugh sweetie my last bf was KEVIN CHUTA
get out of that wedding yet? RT : Isn't this guy supposed to be a millionaire?
What up. You dicided to finally got on Twitter.
Kim: Change? Need to want it, need to practice it, need structures that support it.
lol oh wow
Thank you for that either Dylan or
:D RT I know!! Just like the audition. I can't wait for our episode of #TheWeddingBand to air in June!!
kid ink?
you have the same physicality since pee wee
have you guys finished you books?
awwwh...hahahahh! I'm still laughing!
my bosoms are swelling with pride, darling.
sorry i've been MIA followers!! Just one of those busy weeks!!! Hope everyone is all through with their midterms
speaking of - a BRAND NEW DJ Class record has gone out to everyone on the mailing list last 3 Tuesdays. U in?
I wanna build a house that looks like yogi bear's face from a bird's eye view.
There's a guy cooking for me. I could get used to this.
": We spend too much time wondering why we're not good enough but not enough time listening to the reasons why we are."
Morning hike on hold till it warms up a bit more. Currently 38 degrees
Thank you! Happy Mothers Day to you!
After Rick Perry's right-wing 'prayer-in' today, the fool-hearted governor may be as beatable by Obama as Michele Bachmann.
Joe Buck on the mic: Vin Scully turns in a grave not yet dug.
i miss you :)
Why do parents feel the need to get into astronomical debt to pay for an education their kids probably won't use?
A plane landing is the best way to be woken up.
Thanks for the RT ! Very exciting!
go saints na who mad?
LOVE this. RT : "Data is only as valuable as the decisions you make with it. "-
oh yeah, because were super BA.
lol I was trippin I was like is this really Tim??? Who's spreading shit bout me!? Lol
haha it means a lot((:
never judge a book by it's cover."
Cool hopefully that means the rain will be heading here to Vegas next! :) Have a fun trip to Atlanta. :)
haha, I'll work on that! :-)
Everytime I ask u 2 come out u always have a reason as to y u cnt.I try!Mayb u should just say ok instead of excuses grumpy:P
way ahead of you my friend. Flipping btwn that and Karate Kid Marathon on ABC FAMILY.
hit ma phone brah
LOL shut up
I am not the world's biggest fan of parades.
ive got bieber fever
wear protection I don't wanna baby Bruges running around, what are you doing after?
HAHAHAHA I blocked out every memory of her but yeah I can picture it..lol...how you been man?..we should chill someday soon..
Girl i do that all the time. Lol
I am not a San Antonio fan, joker.
director's choice
Thank you!!
#legit #WORD ;)
if not we just buy a game!
I'm sketchy enough in the day walking w/my earbuds in, but at night, I may as well drop some shrooms too
Bulshit a little gravy on top it seems....
If You Weren't Jealous , You Wouldnt Still Creep My Tweets Tho . Lmao . #dismissed .
2012 here we come!!! and co. Let's do it!
the 20 questions were multiple choice?
The heat gonna win it all tho.
#dearFutureWife I love how ur a good girl buh are u willing to compromise on our special night?
Remember playing Blue Note w/ Ray Barretto & Kenny sat in. At a time he began uttering, he played so much sax that next step was prayer.
All Bronco fans should be watching THE DRIVE on NFL Network right now !!!!!
How come a Critical Mass-sized pack of bike cops just rolled down Western Ave in unison?
I'm in Atlanta in a big ass house all alone with every single light on and flash lights by the conner of each room
I really need someone to give me some good encouraging words to get me through the week. on repeat.
oh lol the standard q&a's at fan m&g
Walk your dog not Pujols.
ew *throws up*
“: S/O to the homies & Iz on their success, and doin the damn thing right. #Respect” Iz is Thank you Anthony!
will b checkn out your site w/comments on vacay next week will personally put aside time to read...
Bentley just saw the fury come out of me when he tried chewing multiple Apple products/accessories
i would rather use a blake carrington car phone than use #sprint i would do better with a carrier pigeon
Love how many new friends I'm making since being on #totalblackout y'all are awesome for finding me &telling me how u liked the show!
I know! It was insane!
"Fiats, psh. Those cars are stupid." "Why Doug?" "They're so small. Like they're for Danish people."
idk O.O
First drink is on me !
Uh, Flo-Rida is really opening this #933sko show? Huh.
wow.....you're quite the scholar
I seriously don't understand why people have freaking to be so difficult. Jesus Christ.
My moms ringtone is WMYB I can't XD
OMG I totally forgot about that!!! lol
im a big Fan Love u
Kp pr App available on Andriod, iphone, blackberry phones and tablets.
You're Welcome : )
Have a fabulous day! It will go by fast, so make sure there are pictures of everything, even you crying ;-) xoxo
Beaten-Up AstraZeneca May Be a ‘Buy’ for the Brave
I may or may not have just sneered at someone wearing a Blue Jays 1992 World Series champs sweater.
Money doing something to my ego
Today we are so excited to have Green Builder Media join the upcoming Builder Exchange event in Miami! www.exchangeevents.com/builder
This job is so kool
I'm going over later
>>> yea ima send u the beat
Movers here today :) :(
I'm also related to Gen. Joe Hooker. Glad I followed in Alcott's writer footsteps and not those of his namesakes!
" i really do what ever I want in this bitch "
Senator Murkowski's son's name is Matthew, btw. (sp)
Omg. It was perfect. I'm smiling too(: I have listened to it like a bajillion times!
After nearly 4 weeks of eating healthy and exercising, it finally feels great to move your body, right? Told you the pain would subside!
still wrapping my head around the fact that soda is sweetened with corn, and not candy corn
The Problem of Slavery as History: A Global Approach by Joseph C. Miller F'74 now available from
Thank you! Love you!
Best valentines day ever
Prometheus looks dope
When you listen to music what are you listening for? A Dope Beat, A Storyline W/ strong messages, or just an overall uniqueness
I just got dessert/salad forks for a gift!
Sunday ain't so bad. We give stuff away to our FB/Twitter fans/followers on Sundays!
“: That's sketchy as fuck.”my boyfriends favorite words lol
Just look at their body language, they don't wanna win
Facts About Human Papilloma Virus
without music, the only sound we would probably hear for a long time is the sound of traffic
I love Irvin..he's totally HOT! Not to mention a bad ass fighter. Knocked Huston the F-out!
:'D hahaha. I still can't stop laughing!
I'm pretty sure I'm immune to caffeine.
a good song is....all my life by mc magic. idk if ull b into it tho (: lol
It was only a matter of time with the amount of Devils shots. Tie game
Not that I don't like talking on the phone with you, it just makes it tougher to drink this
Yeah Jessica, this isn't good
Just when I think it can't get better. Butterscotch cake and a calvados at Stephanie rocks the bar btw.
Uhm so like what's good for saturday ? possibly?
4 more followers till 400 help me out.
If you have any interest in Film/Video/New Media check out the Charlottesville Chapter of the Virginia Production Alliance www.cvillevpa.com
: My WunderRadio iPhone app has completely stopped working. Any insight?
Thanks! You got us repowered about an hour ago. I had to finish bottling beer before I could thank you. Cheers!
deck drinkin with and #grandprixsolutions where are crew at?
Doing an extra-special tour this evening for some awesome people! Yay!
Don't feel like doing my bio hw....I'll do it later
Ha! Such a tragedy!
Bucky has to stop the Syracuse penetration.
I think he brings up a good point... 6 pts,16 reb,6 blocks, 5 assist & 3 steals... how was Withey's D great?
,he obviously doesn't know Turbo. “: #FF the NFL is, the NFL. No one knows it like Rich.”
My Leg is Cold
thanks i really appreciate it, and yes it is.
. doesnt know life exists outside of itself MT ESPN boasted Grantland is first website to bridge sports & pop culture
Disney CEO’s Franchise Film Push Takes Toll as Ross Exits
that mall was mad bougie but i was getting my car fixed and they had chik fil a. sort of a win?
whaT THE UFCKF
The collaboration between Jason Wu and Brizo is a perfect design and function marriage.
7 AM: get tickets for in NYC...looks like I'll be back up here on June 9th. Can't wait to finally see him live
Damn, is it gonna rain in Baltimore tonight? Anyone on my TL know?
i agree with you!
Just saw on ESPN court side at #nuggets game... Think that was who spilled beer and delayed game
S/O to my new follower !!
* Nubia_group Powerpoint Collection *: Beauty of ALASKA
“: Table change. Am not spitball distance from yeah but do you see adam's pants? They just got bluffed off
Ellipse Chapel already packed to hear Clayton speak, photo editor reports
Cancer always claims the nicest people.
us too!! Can't wait to see you!!
No, but I still wouldn't play for the Knicks.
#NP Common feat Dwele "The People".
Sometimes, you have to burn a bridge. That's how you grow.
thank you or tuning in :)
You should just try something new.. Just Saying
Thanks for disrupting. :)
Not even babies sleep as well as I just did. It is gonna be one hell of a great day. Hope yours is too! :)
Searching for your next home? Visit us to learn how the current market will affect you! www.TheOertelGroup.com
Please don't trade David
Bout to slide to my Homeboi house an get some drinks
Anyone with some awesome graphic design skills wanna make me a new avatar? Need a change! Willing to give a follow, shoutout, etc.
Sitting around the house thinking about a lot and making a pie so I can indulge in it later :)
Dinner with :))
Saw your name at the press box! I'm at the whit too!! Random!
Come on #CLIPPERS GUT IT OUT!! Let's move on to Round 2!!
#IWishYouKnew how to give proper head . <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
only one sleeve? CONGRATS! ;)
Do you have a great head shot/comp card? We can arrange a private on-line session to make sure your materials are incredible.
feel better my dear!
I wonder Homs residents agree.
RIP Grandma aka Gamma...12yrs ago the memory is as fresh as yesterday...love u so much...I know ur pushing me thru. #LetsWin Baby!!! :-*
I will definitely check it out! thx.
Letting you're eyebrows wolf out because you want a different shape <
Officially one month until the concert.
I felt the presence of a love .. love is sobeautiful :)
My baby can make me feel better about just about anything(:
What happened, Joe?
Putting stories together at the 120 and Blondo Scooter's. Somebody come say hi and have tea with me.
thank you Larry!!!
what do you consider "high-end" brews.
If I only knew...
you or me, or stephanies in general? ha blaze it ehh?
Thanks! And sadly, we will have 8 minutes to make it from gate E to gate B in Atlanta. I'm not feeling too positive about this.
Going to hang with the wolfpackk. Jon, Julia and caitlin <3
Thanks KTSU 90.0 FM for broadcasting my recording of "Our Love is Here to Stay" this morning. Aloha Houston!
Concluding an informative and enjoyable Magnet seminar in Cleveland. Good information, good times. Cleveland rocks. Yes, Cleveland.
If Hell exists, then Michael Jackson just made a new friend...
All set up at the Drive-ins Bring on the Shrek!
The Music & Arts Library (and all CU Libraries) are closed today, Fri 2/26, due to the snow. Regular hours resume on Sat 2/27 at 12:00 noon
you're gross
I've been outta the Twitter-loop for a minute or two... Whats the deal with pancakes?
You may be a barbie but even in the real world no one wants you!
Pain pain pain
HoeLies #45: I don't masturbate.
I got to 67 good pages of thesis today and worked really hard at the derby game I was too broken to play in tonight. #winning ...
Thank you! She definitely didn't need her hospital cap for long :)
NEW VIDEO COMING SON!
I give up on shopping
#BNI Our chapter just received an award for generating over $1 million on closed business. Dr Ivan Misner is here to congratulate us!!
Thanks to I can never listen to Islands by The XX and not think of how he's a tsuinami.
I swear I be fucking up smh
both of your sites seem down, do you share a common hosting platform?
When are the crowds wrong?
Happy to have you! Let me know if you need a #Twitter101 crash course!
Thank you, I'm glad I met you too. <U+E106><U+E418><U+E417>
You sold petey to a blink kid!!!!
Okay...So what's the bet?...When will he be off the air and what's our amount?
I HATE when that happens!!!!!!
#Sales Tip: Just b/c we met via phone & are "LinkedIn" doesn't mean u should put me on your e-mail list.
I have like 2 or 4 #twittercrush is that a good or bad thing haha
I want to be on the Party Rock Crew c: hahaha
Soo who wants to give me a ride to school on Friday?
*Steepling my fingers in front of my mouth* I see. Just good? Perhaps you would like to broaden your adjectives?
Paragon Shipping Announces Availability Of Its Annual Report On Form 20-F - MarketWatch (press release)
Who the hell would name a toucan Sam?!
There's Photoshop, auto tune, and plastic surgery. Too bad there's nothing for your Shitty personality.
was watching "girl, interrupted", the world is sometime full of shit but still people need people to be with, the place to be.
Does this sound like a helicopter brrrrrrrrrr
Yep, our warranty is up on the Macs so we're switching out machines.
Local news lesson. Don't call it "New Information" when you're telling me yesterday's news. You know who you are.
I am embarrassed just being in the same room with right now.
Holy hell school just needs to be over..
I tink I going to the red cartpet with victoria justice at the kids choice awordes
Alzner on the third period PP: "You could say a million things about the power play, none of them good."
Editing and doing dishes. Not at the same time.
I worry that Obama’s current opponent doesn’t have the strength of character to push back against the most dangerous voices on his side.
#ThoughtsWheniLookInTheMirror looking good looking good
hahaha that's so odd, but it could be interpreted as deep. Have you been asking Zayn for tweets? I take it as a deep tweet.
Glad it's hotchella this weekend and not coldchella!
hey sister how you doing. Whats new in yo hood?
Hope your day got better!
Once again, happy birthday to my best friend , I love you!
Are you the USD Swim Coach or part of the team Mike?
Happened in Germany a decade ago, Schalke thought they had won, but a minute later Bayern Munich snatched it in injury time.
tomorrow is JUSTINBIEBER birthday so make baby
#Kansas isn't looking to hot.
I feel you!
Yes. I was a starry - eyed Georgetown student at his reading in New South Hall about 1970.
TAKE A T O BABY!!!
#FantasyFactory when i cant sleep... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
My roommate about making dinner tonight - "Add an onion baby and you got a stew going" - Hat nod to ->
#14hours #32minutes 22 seconds!!!!! until #BELIEVE i cant wait!!!
Thank you for your kind-but-erroneous belief that I might need Wikipedia in order to decode that reference. ("ATM debits"?)
Acorn Squash
Thank You ^_^
#815-Icon : 10 Ur really cool and nice and have u made the case yet haha and we should talk more(:
It's the Hotpocalypse.
Plugging ur iPod in then going on stage 2 rap would b the same as a jazz artists playin Jamey Aebersold tracks and playin to them on stage.
hi Scott ! I've been so busy that I forget to tweet lol. How are you?!
Lmfao oh now Laker fans are tweeting huh ? d:
Week starting off a little slow? Grab a $3 pint during our #happyhour all day Monday and Tuesday from 2-10pm!
sounds like a plan c:
Gabrielle - Out of Reach.
oh yeah, happy birthday.
Morning!! -_- Today you should have a Apple.
imo he's being excessively wordy & not spacing his statements. "Your testimony painfully reminded me of law school."
it's INSANE. Just the study packet makes me wanna shoot myself.
Happy Mother's Day!!!!!
To the man stuck in the rain on his scooter at the redlight next to me, im sincerely sorry
that's so true lol
Absolutely not. RT : So is it weird to blast One Direction out a window?
"Oh yeah? Well, check out all our rings!"
signed up! excited to see what sort of things you're cooking up...
I wonder if the sticky notes were ransom...(;
is so talented and so beautiful i hope she follows me :)
not gonna give up on Jarrett after 1year in a sys. where the DC wasnt sure what he was doing
is wondering which of our songs is your favorite? Check us out at myspace.com/tailgatesouth and let us know!
Sponsorship is not selling. Sponsorship is all about a full understanding of your partners needs and goals.
Shout to and for having one of the illest albums of 2011! a sure fucking classic.
I just had a heart attack. U could have warned me. I just vomited my lunch. Aye it was so nice seeing all of u again. RT RT
Heading to Everest base camp in April. Will be traveling with some REI gear. More than happy to write a review for any equipment. Eric
it was a great but hard trip i will keep posting at my blog about the trip at www.jimnkyles.blogspot.com stay in touch
i feel official with these white shoes and suspenders
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. -Aristotle
The Press Association reports that it took medical staff two hours to get Muamba breathing again.
Much love 2ya !
RT : Don't forget about our meeting Thursday! All are welcome! Come to in the Short North at noon on Thursday!
American Red Cross of Central Texas - updates for fire evacuees and donation info www.centex.redcross.org
How'd we get here; this high? And whats this talk of dead weight? - cooper temple clause
This is so eye-opening RT The estimates that 1/3 of the world is under-fed, and another 1/3 is starving.
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 22
aww man, I didn't have wifi at the game :(. I would have replied earlier
Don't forget- when life hands you lemons, is still better than you
Because they are 2 different shows, the MPLS show is the mnrecordshow & the St Paul show is the MSP Music expo.
not a bad thing beautiful. God says to forgive always, but you can't just forget the action, guard your heart :) love you!
One thing I'm good at is losing headphones... And I justt bought them :(
you will get plenty of pics! Zak is coming over tomorrow night so maybe he can skype you
There's something bout a kiss thats gonna lead to more (;
Helping my lil sister do hwk & telling her she's wrong & then realizing you're the wrong one! #embarrassing #fail O_o
I don't care who was BEFORE me, as long as I know there's no one DURING me we solid shit more than solid in my book lil shawty.
EVERYONE GOO FOLLOW :) !! shes the sweetest girl ever !! iloveya <3 !! #StaySmiling :D
ha! hardly -- studying instead. Reading up on privacy concerns -- putting on my constitutional scholar cap!
I feel so unloved. Nobody's helping to get me to 1000 followers :( -tear-
About to do this system recovery...
5/15-Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Pat Dixon
ok cool - yea we should all try and meet up that night at some point or do a something on saturday evening
Thank you Pinterest, for allowing me to steal all your Valentine's Day ideas. Oh happy day lovers! xx
Someone just asked the furry if they can pet her. Only at a con is that question not dirty.
we like ice cream.
where yhu at bestfriend? Im hungry!
coming all the way from WI for the race next weekend. Best of luck!
So psyched to meet up with good friends
Why do movie tickets cost an arm and leg now???
Library on a Saturday I'm officially #disgusted with myself
#kids to school now time for
Y does everyone judge a book by its cover
I have a last minute meeting and wont be able to make tonights EMP gathering :( Coffee this friday to talk about AAM?
"Kim Kardashian Has High Praise For Rick Santorum" #huffpost She's hoping to star with him in a sex tape.
Remember to bring a Handbag for donation to the #momsFF Style Suite #blogher benefiting Dress for Success
Off to bed. Long day of auditions, premieres, and private screenings tomorrow! And I get to spend time with some of my favorite people. :)
Tattoo factory can suck a big fat dick. Fuck that place.
Stickbug and praying mantis in the same 30 minutes. whaaa?.
RT : Way too hot for middle of March. We need tax breaks for rich to unleash the coolness creation potential of the climate.
That's fantastic! I enjoyed browsing your site - great work
Me too RT : I drink good. Real fucking good.
eh thats different in my eyes. a corrupt institution if you ask me. Im just very dedicated to achieving without college lol
thanks for catching up lovely! so nice to see you! will keep in touch :) xo
aww yeah!! can you help trend :)
Paying a CFO to help you with your 2012 budget significantly increases your chances of it actually getting done. via
Raining makes it that much harder to get outta bed
yes! That's the one! "Narcissistic overzealous self-righteous egomaniac."
Me too. Best #adoration chapel in Des Moines area. I haven't seen them all, but I doubt any other is even close.
I messed up so much on that tweet. But I'm too lazy to do it again.
lol I know I couldn't think of anything really good.did you come up with anything?
The brand of candy, duh..
Things are heating up for #poetry fest. Get yourself down here.
May the souls of the 102 people who died in the Ibadan Floods R.I.P.
#FoxSportsArizona Craig Morgan live from Nashville talking #Coyotes Hockey RIGHT NOW. Calling All Sports
Damn it...missed opportunities...lol never again!
H. Mathews~ A man is too apt to forget that in this world he cannot have everything. A choice is all that is left him.
Congrats Jane!!! Who-Hooooo.... So much for handicapping. the races..just betting names in the future..haha
haha no problem it was great :) btw ur little sister was really cute! haha :)
That's it, I'm booking a goddamned vacation.
Oomf is gorgeous.
lmao!! Thanks for proving my point!
Out celebrating the luck of Irish? Stop by , the home of our new location coming soon!
I live by the Omaha Mall .<3
If you think getting up on Sunday morning is hard, try rising from the dead!
yo like i told my mom about the $120 believe pre-order pack & she just bought it for me... 0.o no complaints here!
It was a great event! The video is fantastic! Thank you!
#whatgetsmemad liars and stupidity. Going to church doesn’t make you a Christian, any more than standing in a garage makes you a car!
how many think killed that performance?
is that really a flavor?
you will find something bro, just hold on!!
I say you guys go back to pressing dubs! Srsly though, it's that bs that ruins it for djs like me who love getting promos :(
omg! Just tweet it!(;
that & spring soccer season starts in a week, hope the weather remains mild, we have started in snow before
lmao they better tread lightly they kno I'm crazy
Work it. Lucky I'm not your professor ;-)
"No one will recognize me. A new face, a cold heart to stand in your way."
Unfollow this page now and follow my new one
He is doing much better, Thank the Lord & Thank u For your Prayers!! He is resting at home until His ribs totaly Heal! xx
When Pedro gets the call from the pen, the #Orioles should turn on the "Strop Light".
Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation; the other eight are unimportant.
omg that's awful! I'm sorry! :-(
Don't trust the heart, it wants your blood. - Stanislaw Lec
Crazy downtown Detroit traffic!
OPENING NIGHT!!!! "Curtians" @ CBHS. Break-a-leg Hailey Anne!!! Best to the rest! -Love Ms. Leslie
hey How about we agree, Rickie Weeks...
Episodes Every Saturday Never Missed 1 IM EXITED For New Episodses Prank Episodes Tomorrow
#MastersOfMovement talent/crew of #MattsChance follow
dancee in a bitt .! im putting in 12 hours this week.!! i seriosuly would do anything to be on vacation right now!!! (:
I love but I just have no luck. He'll never follow me! It's literally one of the most frustrating things in the world! </3
Today in Invention History: Phil Brooks received a patent in 1974 for a disposable syringe
Opening up the summer house on Squam this weekend! Crossing my fingers for some good weather!
I'm in my office but my mug full of coffee is in my car.
There's good...n then there's MARGARITA MONDAYZ MOTHERFUCKER ...@ La Mansion
pfft! Maybe that is what SoCal dudes wore in the 80s, where are the Airwalks, the baggy T, the long raggedy shorts? pffft!
I have a whopping 40 followers...
Dolphins win!!!
#ReplaceA7xSongsWithBanana Dear Banana
That awkward moment when people start stuff on your Facebook status and you just don't want to get involved.
You have to love us :]
We put money where our mouth is: 100% of profits on online CloSYS oral rinse to Breast Cancer Awareness. www.closys.com/charity.html
Don’t you ever let a soul in the world tell you that you can’t be exactly who you are.
I teach a class at Parsons in New York.
Going to get my hair donee for promm :)
ha not at all
If only you could see, I love you, but I lost me.
Just received a very nice email from a young woman. She wrote, "I want to model my career after yours" & asked me to mentor her. Of course!
RT : Whatever doesn't kill you, makes your drinks stronger.
I believe the musical version was called "Yo, MTV Claudio."
Matt Flynn is playing his way into a nice contract next year. He should definitely be starting for someone
I dont like anyone.
I would love to attend Sscamp, but I'm not positive I can. Is it rude to tentatively register if I'm not positively going
i had frozen yogurt yesterday at the Scottsdale and Shea location! its the best ever!
he does a funny ass R Kelly bit in the end. You can DL for $5 on his website
#YouKnowYouAreHispanic When you go down to Hialeah and they are doing their religion and sacrificing a goat and a dove in a warehouse
#PicassoQ&A Did he have a favorite painting, other than La Guernica?
watchu know bout walking in the Gucci store and they salute
i wish they would take advantage of lucroys hitting and keep him at
Yes, but only because he didn't finish the challenge, since it is a competition & unfortunately he didn't complete it!
Ive seen your vids too! Very inspiring!
That awkward moment watching The Big Bang Theory when you realize you know more about Star Trek the Next Generation than your boyfriend.
In honor of our military and Armed Forces Day we are offering a 15% discount with any military ID at Bath & Body Bistro.
it wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't for the folks stopping in middle lane to take pics from the car.
Yeah #Ravens. :)
Is there an instrument you dont play??
and Jwow #InTown They should hit me up!! So they could have a great time in Jersey CIty
I never understood <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BB>? Is it even possible for t to have a black eye, can you punch one? Mystery <U+2754>
Listen up Mark Eisner = environmental and hydrogeologic work. Or, we could set up a blog & you'll be Kloutless no more.
Thanks for all the "Likes" everyone! More Deals Coming!
More on the burglary search: SDPD: They have an idea who the suspect is, but he is not in custody.
so true! It should be warm enough to wear sun dresses all year long!
Watching Lost reruns! I miss this show :(
Who knew there could be so many opinions about the design of book covers?
FINAL Sounds Like Summer concert Thurs Rock. Guilty Pleasures is playing. Need we say more? Visit www.NashvilleScene.com 2purchase tix.
Last day of shooting. A hard week, but still so fun and very productive. The next episode is going to be insane.
that depends on who you work for and where you work LOL
These are the days that we will always remember. Chasing the night to make our days better.
Can I get in on this too? I'm tired of being a virgin!
I just won a free movie night from !
Spurs HAVE to make free throws in the 4th or we're looking at 0-3
yes Discrim. cannot be made ok by a vote. Amend 1 is not discrim. It does nothing to gay people but keep the defn of marriage.
Bout to see so many people crying after school.
Big actresses need love to where's my joint.
Yu Jin Ko about to give talk: "We Do it With the Lights On": Original Shakespeare in Contemp. Performance - #Wellesley Newhouse Ctr event
Miss you too.
We also offer OVERSIZE FILM OUTPUT!!
Had a delicious raw taco salad and raw tortilla wraps for lunch at Pure Food and Wine for lunch. Yummy!
lol! Good luck! Let me know how it goes!
good luck gettin a girlfriend lol
~ Rings and bracelets are my thing! Earrings, not so much lol
I'll smoke to that!
Leveraged and structured #finance attorney positions open in top NY law firms! Email for more info.
#scms12 afrofuturism: offers to thinking a way to enter into alliance with an indigenous space
Voting has officially closed! Find out who is named the 2011 National Mascot of the Year during the on January 2 @ 1pm E.T.
Does that mean I have to stop listening to the hold music now? :) Thanks for the help!
is doing some great work with WV children...thank you for all your work!
a track workout in this heat is true dedication. best of luck in your tryouts.
I'm upset you would go to domo without me
Reviewing music for my book trailer, my tabby snuggled beside me, as usual. He just attacked the computer, so I guess that song is a no!
Rivera "ain't going down like this". We're Yankees fans, we stay for all nine.
Reviewing instruction guide for certification as a minority or women business enterprise
merry christmas ! i hope you read this :') if u answer me i'll be cry :')
I love 30 Rock! "Last night I sat in front of the TV & ate an entire carton for Foie Grois, I could hardly my morning shower scotch." -Jack
My little sister graduates from in two short weeks! Where did the time go? Feel like I was just there myself!
Zero signal in my condo,
for sure man. I have a feeling this summer is gonna be epic!
Thx & welcome to more new followers! &
My mom wants to put me in a all girl school. Yeah, I don't think so. I would die.
everyday all day boo lol
Hey I'm sorry I will still go see it with you ok.
intense retail therapy right now. Sorry about it bank account.
Finished off the Divisional Week with 2-2 record. NFC/AFC Championship writeup will be up this week! Go GB!!!!!
:D the fairy!!! I want the fairy to help me tonight!!
Installed-installation-inspire-ideal
For me, a brick oven would mean homemade pizza twice a week.
thanks everyone!
I will do that for you... Because I care.
Asking someone "you mad bro?" when they're actually mad. lmao
My #iPhone is now running on #ios5.1 #finally. I was beginning to think that the update didn't apply to the 4
Time to go get dat cut. I upgraded to da one n a half. LOL
Awww, poor baby!w! It'll be over before you know it!
7. Check your W4 & make sure to withhold enough to cover your taxes, as opposed to filling it out to get the least amount of taxes withheld.
your going haha !
Yeah, they prolly should have left the wink outta there.
Good morning lady:)!
Yeah, I spent my day swimming and tanning.
WHO THINKS I'M A GRAND ADMIN? ANYONE? ANYONE? NO OKAY...~ASHLEY
Finishing the lineup of "DreamGirls" getting ready to debut our first model of the week :)
For Some Reason I Tend To Blow Peoples Minds When It Comes To Music! Im Pumped Up Kicks Because Of It!
I'm not sure. I'm heqding down there with friends who have a place in mind but I'm not sure what that is.
i believe that i will thank you
Dude, I need to get you away from Fist-Pumpers
Worried that my death trap of a car won't be starting tomorrow morning. She done good so far this winter but the fat lady may have sung.
Come one, come all. Do not eat the alligator. The alligator is for tourists.
Omg go grizzlies yay.
haha i wish it were that!
hopefully J.J. will be directing an episode as well.
When the fuck did it become thursday?
looking forward to connecting!
I hate to overstate a point, but I hate to beat a dead horse.
Tweeting >>>> Texting
Thats cos we rule!!!! Xoxo RT we WON THE TATTOO CONTEST!!!!!! GO US!!!!!
The Rebaroque Artist Series X SCOPE Art Show. Contemporary artists include Doze Green, Ellis Gallagher and Kid Zoom. www.scope-art.com
lol I like that technique, I'm gonna do that too
A book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us - Franz Kafka (Indigo Tree Publishing - looking for the another book like The Trial)
this ish is confusing! At least I think I figured out how to respond.....
well, this is just brilliant. is another nyc staple we need to get in dc. also cabs that take credit cards & photobooths in bars.
Passed 300 followers, thanks everyone!
Such a long stressful day of doing absolutely nothing but napping and pasta-ing
I love you too -Female scream- xD
so does
#drupal #features dependency hell, welcome to the ride.
If u gimme 200 n I flip it to 400 why not put 500 n flip it to a grand... mo risk mo reward
But you got so many with me!!
I'm not one for the heat
dude, you have more than 200 followers, you can text all day long!!
TIP OF THE DAY: Take your time before sitting down in a game (live OR online) and study the table dynamics. Who raises, who stands up to it?
#OneThingImSureOf is I thought of one direction when I read "one thing" from this hash tag :))
Maas: just wish they would portray the positive aspects of what we were doing. It paints a really negative picture of the business, alchies
Dallas HOB may be th best HOB of all. AWES.Show & we dont say that to evry crowd. Xellent clapping skills. Almost forgives the evil cowboys!
hey whats up?
Thanks! Should be fun.
It been a long day n it still ain't over yet
Oh man...Now we have to wait for Season 3 #GoldRush!!! Best of luck to as they prepare for summer.
Q Crew Radio is buying out the bar Durkin's Tavern until midnight come by for your free shot, beer or cocktail. 810 W Diveresy in Chicago
Headed to the cubs game...a little part of my brewers soul just died
Are you working for ?
Thank you!
and then there was the time Kevin ran for 'Prez', and we wrote stories about me and some illegal immigrants.
Be sure to watch tonight 8pm! Tell us where you see the posters and which ones you see #JAM2012 Please RT!
Want a company to truly feel connected, let employees post what they want whether work related or personal - trust them!
Dubbin' down Reason.
Hit squads on deck
I look at you in awe and take a second to take it all in because you are the most beautiful interesting human being I have ever seen.
And that difference requires you moving away from what you are comfortable with. The change we need starts with ourselves.
Thank you, thank you, thank you & This Episcopalian writer has been recreated.
the best docs are at Sundance.
SHIT. I mean SMANG IT. Stupid slang words. Oh i mean. I cant spell.
Outstanding Campus Sponsored Program of the Year -- Alternative Spring Break.
Anyone know how to make a mixtape cd or mixtape online?
Had fun tonight with my girl at 12 bar even though we spent a lot of our night waiting for a fucking drink!!
OH. MY. GOD. MY YEARBOOK PICTUE TURNED OUT FUCKING AWFUL I TELL YOU UGH WHY
Today has been good.
RT Sometimes you're the windshield, sometimes you're the catalytic converter. (I know nothing about cars.)
let us know when you're coming!!!
You gotta like that
we in here
it doesnt matter what its called, I'm buyin...can't wait!:-)
for give me for not introducing you to I'll have her spank me later tonight.
oh man! Well congrats on the move! That's great! And a new adventure is always fun!
NF Hope you join the movement strictly for #Divas&Gents
Attempting homemade granola bars with the little one. Should be yummy...apricot, coconut and chocolate chips!
"Be Strong." easy to say, but hard to do when your broken.
i thought i had pcos -- turns out I just get hemorraghic cysts! yay!!!
“: just found my cd from panama city that Florida Girl joint go hard, got it in replay.”< hell ya bang that ish cuz
thank you!
hahaha what a big...fish you have.
Better late than not at all!
No, he's a jackass.
Done with finals woo!
Enjoying an actual Guinness from Ireland. What a great day! Happy 4th everyone.
for we have a VERY special project - a huge wish for a disabled foster care child, how to reach your team?
Baked a cake in 8 minutes for the New Years Eve-Eve party in the microwave using the Tupperware stack cooker. www.my.tupperware.com/jbarol
I'll spin the wheel
Sure did. Huffington Post had a nice story about #Stacy as a mentor.
God's Good Morning to the Unbreakables! !
check out the song written for on "Open Mike" program with had a great time working on it!
Hey, Sean. Thanks for the follow. I am definitely a fan of you and :)
Yea fool!
You think this the best thing for you right now?
that makes me smile :)
I probably owe mike 32 cents still and he'll expect me 2 pay it..haha
Thanks! Haha my cat is the shit!
alright « tell scherfer I'm at the doctors»
I did! Thanks for sharing! (I'm also on Twitter and was RT'ing from there!) :)
Damn she fine
I just want to hear pianos
Tonights agenda: Teach our #cat catch how to jump up and catch a hair tie. Mission almost completed. Video to follow.
Faden, author of A Fairy Use Tale, is talking about writing with video.
ATTN #Colorado!! My friend Ronnie, is new to twitter....help him out and give him some follows! :-)
My friends... why on earth does he keep saying that?
": Sorry to hear about both those things, sounds awful :(" thx I've had better days good thing I'm an unfeeling bastard
remember when you followed me yeah me neither
i can't choose either. I have equal affection for and It's like choosing a favorite child.
So gotdamn Fed-Up !
That shit is *unbelievable*.
Hall: If we want a different kind of university than we have now, we have to accept that we (academics) will have to change too
who does that “: Sleeping nude & cuddling.”
here, there, around and no where. Ha
text off my iPodd (:
That's a solid one
True or False: Several small meals a day will speed up your metabolism?
ANOTHER TRIPLE-DOUBLE?!! is the best PG in the game. Period.
You gotta chill with the Pinterest tweets, those bursts are blowing up my feed, obscures your other great stuff.
Just found myself apologizing to a rat the size of a chihuahua because I disturbed his trash can breakfast. Sorry buddy!
Watching bridesmaides with the parents.
Talk about customer perspective & how you look at decisions & actions from that point of view.
We have to ask ourselves, what is our motive behind our usage of our gifts? Are we using them to bless us, or to bless Gods ppl?
At the conference in NOLA and getting ready for their unplugged event w & Better Than Ezra. Waxing nostalgic abt high school
Obsessed with how involved UK basketball is at this Derby. I may not hate this day after all.
Comedy Central..! =)
What is your favorite stench?
Do you value people based on their "accomplishments" or do you value them simply because they are beloved by God?
#SMACKOUTPARTY tomorrow at EROTIC <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>CITY <U+2728>STARRING CHASE <U+2728>BE THERE WILL SELLOUT <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>#SMACKOUT !!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
Did you see Google's recent forecast that the search term “Tumblr” would overtake “blog” by the end of the year?
Do you like a nigga, with an afro!! Bitch! Lol I got one!
I thought I got a ticket, turns out it was a note from a guy who wanted to buy my car...weird...he's probably a serial killer.
We are always fighting for the thrill of it
Just passed up a GREAT DEAL on that "Members Only" Jacket that he wanted so badly back in the day at the thrift store.
Faith is believing in things when common sense tells you not to. George Seaton
When English is a 2nd language – need audio – 15-20 sec sound bytes; make graphics earn their place
I miss you
lol @ girls who have a boyfriend yet like 2 other guys..
today was rd could have been better
#fridayreads Hell is Empty by Craig Johnson - love the Longmire series! #fridaylistens finished Little Brother by Doctorow - Fantastic!
Me: I have some serious Moose Knuckle in this shorts : Is that our version of a Camel Toe? Me: Yes.
My eyes are so heavy! fighting the food coma.
Looking forward to party at later!!
#HappyHalloween everybody!!! Had fun trick-or-treating with and
Just to clarify, that's a Doherty quote in my previous tweet. I called Uthoff but he didn't pick up and I left a message.
All I want is a baby pool and a slip 'n slide.
u damn right about that
Windy at Sawgrass, reminds me of a certain March Players when we froze
Has anyone used SK-II? If I thought for a minute it would actually make my skin look like Cate Blanchett's, I'd consider shelling out the $!
does that mean you can use it outside of AT&T?
I hate Paisley. It's the ugliest fucking pattern ever.
Fun fact: knows the lyrics to "The Saga Beings" by Weird Al. Normal? or not?
At home, processing the photographs from last nights Herstory workshop.
Recognized soo many faces today.
See my previous tweet re: Punk Planet
yeah very true, wish we didn't have the plans though I'm going to be freaking out the entire ride home
There's a seagull outside my window. he keeps staring at me and chattering. I'm scared.
Wonder if him & his girl fukin right now..!
I'll stop by. See you then.
Audition Tip: Stay prepared by increasing your audition repertoire to include more songs & monologues in various styles.
YES!! THIS IS THE FRIDAY THAT I'VE BEEN WAITNG FOR!! TODAY I'M CAR SHOPPING @ A POLICE AUCTION! :-D
lol!! RT : "my name's not ripley, i aint trying to make you believe anything..." - looney on the bus. just about lost it...
What's up yall.
Nick Cannon has the charisma of a catheter insertion.
no problem
I'm getting quickly hooked on Mezcal Old Fashioneds . . . .
I bet you are hoping for extras out in the Bay,
I luv it when I do an audition and the casting director hanging onto my every word. Almost begging 4 my next line. Ok I'm off my high
Just want to get today over with -.-
Chicago and Les Mis
While the site is back up the FB stuff seems effed...meh
Just unfollowed Shabazz Muhammad and it felt so right.
what's the chances of a Braun and Fielder co-MVP in the national league? It happened in football awhile back...
Why didn't I work out in high school? What did I waste my time doin?
text me real quick please
A3 getting on the boards of other arts nonprofits in your community can help in addition to your day job
Griffin, why do you do this to yourself....
Still on the phone ugh
Great job on the video!
I love it. Still on phase one. Challenging but when you see improvements you will love it! And don't take as long either.
I am so sleepy today.. wtf I can't even keep my eyes open. more coffee stat!!
looks yummy auntie, is that feta?
The bar phone fell over and died. So don't call the bar. We'll get another one tomorrow.
Young children learn incredibly quickly by following the example of people they admire. Have you read with a child today?
Its funny when something is on tv and everyone post about it on twitter
What are you cookin' up for your #GlutenFree Thanksgiving??
missn was a success
Thank you!
yeah, so it says in her facebook status. guess we're not going out
On my ipadddddd.
got a small ass shirt on right now..... Lol
He was WIDE open
Nothing wrong with a little friendly competition this am... Beastmode with Paul n James!!
Shut up
I'm am attempting to get happy on Strawberry Rhubarb margarita....i will be streaking our 'hood soon!
Time waits fa no man nor woman....so im up n at 'em!!!!
you know those days when you're pretty much just useless at getting anything done at work because your mind is somewhere else?
that must suck :( sry but my mom makes me walk to skool every day with some annoying brat without my say in it!! :p
academic discourse has a serious-making impulse at its center that makes it bad at thinking through the unserious
thanks buddy!
RT: Moms been taking ALL my friends since 6th grade *shrugs* ... Jeez, go old already. > ya tu sabe!! ;)
Heard a docent call it a "flash bang" the other day. "We have a flash bang here on the wall." ADORABLE. Do try it.
Game tomorrow should be fun
here's one for stay-at-home parents/writers: how do you transition from writing to parenting and vice versa? I'm always 0-60 mph! or tot is.
Really wanting to watch Avatar: The Last Airbender. Thanks Drake, Emily, Josh, and Ryan.
The show is about to begin . Come join the discusion www.FocusSociety.com
lmaoooo i was knocked out
5th graders obsessed with Hunger Games. WHY can't we have it in our library too... Should it be in K-5? SLJ rec's 7-9 and I agree.
YEA. ~le calls people.
Going on a jog. Yeah buddy
Growing is painful.... Staying the same hurts more**
Joe Cocker - She Came In Through The Bathroom Window - 05:37 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Little known fact - if you yank Steven Seagal's pony tail 3 times, it calls Chuck Norris from his orbiting space satellite.
But what about just getting access to our digitized stuff. Why is visiting part of the motivation?
I didn't watch the video to see if maybe the tiers are misleading; "I alone beweep my outcast state" (Sonnet 29)
My mom's only comment on my fudgy melty brownies: "Oh...you didn't put nuts in them." No. No I didn't ruin them with evil, evil walnuts.
St. Louis....Show-Me State
ok..u watching the game
I felt queasy the entire time I was there. Didn't realize what it was until we were home. Smokes burn a long time there!
Thank goodness you're able to delete tweets. Last night was just crazy.
...wondering if event attendance will decrease because everyone is too busy with tweets and f@#*book these days...
u have an HTC now??? When u off again?
I just wana go home and sleep'
Making today by bitch.... And setting the tone for a great week ahead of me.
doesn't look like it'll be this year! Sorry to tell ya.
Wow, life is good! Despite so much adversity hitting me, it is getting even better! God, Thank you so much for that.
I think it was this morning - could you see it from your place??
Ice Cube stopped smokin weed and started droppin crap like Are We There Yet lol! get my point
#Imagine Guy: Hey you're really pretty. Austin: Back off! She belongs to me. <333 :$
my pleasure, and ours...
lol that's the same question my mom was asking (: It looks like though <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
If Chelsea played like this against someone in the Prem they'd be torn apart... because its against Barcelona its "heroic"
Chief to Padron's parents "Thank you for giving us your son."
Okay. So I'm in love with They're amazing. Also, would like to thank for almost, but not kicking me in the face.
You moon the wrong person at an office party and suddenly you're not "professional" any more.
is there ever a chance of One Direction performing in Hawaii?????
Am having the greatest hookah in the whole planet
which song? where? and How Cool!??!
That woman is the man! Have an awesome rehearsal.
I gotta powerful mind
HOLIDAY POTLUCK TODAY!
Hey #ASU DPC students, the Fair Trade Cafe across the street from the Ucent is offering 50% an in-house drink with a valid student ID.
I'm riding with the Valkyries tonight. Opera is awesome!
Finished with school. leaving for the airport in basically an hour. AFRICA BOUND.
Romney must show American people that he has a charitable heart in order to win in November
i love country its my life so its all i sometimes listen to
You're going to make someone pretty darn happy!!!!
Play with your dog every day! Playtime is a great way to show your pet how much you love him!
As someone who has converted part of their studio into a storage locker, I can sympathize with having all the extra crap.
I lied-kind of! I have internet but not wireless! I feel like I am in the stone age! Comcast give me a break please!!
I just thought that.. I was like "Hey - is running this meeting!" congrats, btw
The best way to tell someone you don't like them is to text them "370HSSV 0773H" and tell them to read it upside down.
haha that's awesome, spread the word about Life Between Sleep in Germany for us! :)
im quite fond of old stuff like woody guthrie, the almanac singers, joe hill, etc... a different time but the same struggle.
Dinner was insanely yummy at #Haven in Jack London Square! Now we're all nestled in for sweet dreams and shameless snoring.
dude, i love you. you freakin' rock. san antonio fucking loves you guys. come back soon, m'love. <3
ewh, it must be hot ._. So this week do you have to make the same look but modern or you just learn about it? :)
Liz Falletta from USC SPPD would know. Not on twitter, though. Could send you her email.
I like all of the music in my itunes, except when it’s on shuffle, then I like about one in every fifteen songs in my itunes.
follow me luke dkslsls
Maybe OK if an #entrepreneurship track is added to the curriculum to help students innovate and face new challenges ?
u from Dallas i seen those legs b4
I will unfollow funnytweets if Selena n Justin say to follow again
To get his teeth crowned!
Starting Off My Last Week Of My Senior Year :)
I didn't feel an earthquake, but how bout' YOU!?
Trying to get back in the saddle, but the atmospheric colors make it hard to find my enemies.
Guess What Merci!
Sry for the late response! Been unplugged in FL helping a friend move. Will have to look for The Rook. Thx for recommending!
Pay Day is the best day. Nothing better then stacks fillin up the pockets.
Spread the word folks, exciting things to come! While you're at it follow &
61 deaths of children in #Maryland 2008 - 2010 but only 3 deaths disclosed.
is he a year yet?
Needa professionally written bio? Hit me up for details
Not A Huge Fanbase. Built this up from nothing. But im humble and appreciate everything as of this point.
Definitely sounded like "Bob", I may be mistaken. Pap did refer to Scutaro as an Ex-Yankee but it's all good the mans a legend
berlin action \m/
#YouKnowYouRatched if mr. lam had something to say about your hair!
How do you see them so much???
Why I gotta wait??..
let's coordinate one 2gether!
Imma Marine, Imma Killer, With The Need To Bleed, Got A need To Beat U When The Light Goes Green! - USMC- Hard Corps.
Had an amazing time last nite w/ thanks 4 letting me hang guys!!! Love ya :-)
All things are possible to him who believes!
Just attended " be there" east valley networking event. Not bad, trying the linguini at arrivederci trattoria.
by now available via Amazon/CreateSpace, iBookstore, Kindle, Nook, KOBO, Sony eReader, BooksonBoard, and more..
Awesome question
$1 FOR A 8 PACK THEY RIP REAL EASY
Am I crazy or is it abundantly clear Nate has lost the team?
See the glass half full not Half empty ... <3
I sunk to her level and gave her a few choice words in return. I feel like shit about it now.
Cartoon Network is so inappropriate in so many different levels
where are the best places to watch The Saints games? we will RT the best!!!
In the late 90s, Canadian Prime Minister Chretien told me his nickname for Pres. Clinton was "Mulligan".
DID YOU LISTEN TO SAY SOMETHIN OMG <3
Not the stuff you guys did. We're just overwhelmed. Again. Send reinforcements. ;-)
Heading out for West Palm Beach's today (: Today's gonna be a blast!
its awesome!
np -- I know how it feels! Hope you get some rest!
This guy humped my friend last night hahahah!
At Gravity Recording Studios, Chicago!
Here's one for you. The TN House & Senate passed a resolution Thursday urging Manning to sign wthe Titans
Ordering my thoughts before starting on the final chapter of the Black Gold sequel. Will be on the site of the final chapter Saturday!
I just went to a gay wedding with Louie CK
Almost able to get some new colors (finally) on Any recommendations? I'm thinking Mardi Gras...
Its on Netflix.
have your people call my people. #BG#BJ. I got people to impress
I <3 my mom
Shopping and Avengers with my madre !! :)
This is gonna take a while for things to gel for the #RedSox. I;m ready for their first win. Just no shut out today please. :-(
Got a job n a body shop. Pretty stoked. Had to let all the tweeters know about it.
hey man great to see u on here! It was great working with u!
Big Announcement Tomorrow Going to be Huge...............Specyphi What you Believe............
A. SAFEWAY
Oh really lol
Great recording session this morning, yummy salad for lunch, full bottle of alkaline water-off to join the "in shape" club & go for a hike!
If somebody thinks you got killed then that's just what it is. A man should not be scared to speak his mind.
The neighborhood havent been cleaned up yet,
thank ya but has 200 subs :/
Recipe: Asparagus Quiche with Phyllo Crust
will meet , , , , & at later tonight with to the rescue!
cool... Thank YOU... I will reach back out.... Enjoy!
RT : thanks for the S/O much love! All g bro
When you come to New York I can give you a tour of all the beautiful place here
Love you<U+2665> :3
doin the most right now
I know!! Reminds me why I'm a preservationist.
how are the birth control splint doing?
goals are a very good thing for your life
I think I did good enough bout to leave this damn school building and hit the streets now.
looked at those pics you're talking about, and then as the trending topic goes
For life is more than food, and the body more than clothes. (Luke 12:22, 23 NIV)
Hm. Okay. And in a minute I'll need to deal with this because i have to get out the car.
Hmm. Days for new habits to take hold. I'm thinking years.
One Amazing Person To Follow Is Help Her Get To 200 Follwers
My Bitch Bad lookin Like a Bag Of Money <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
- Awesome! Amazing! Check your message box soon, and I can't wait to read your recommendations! A group of us may be
Maybe he'd just returned from a Caribbean island where everyone wears sharks' teeth around their necks. :-D
I think I talked more UK basketball with fans in FLA than I did anything else.
My favorite song is PIGTAILS. I love it!!!!
WTF CHARLES BARKLEY JUST LOST ALL MY RESPECT
new pupies LOVE IT,thx for the very very beautiful(CHIHUAHUA)
Busy film fest week!! kicks off tomorrow, on Thursday!
You're obsessed with stars
Bosh hurt
& are gold coasts finest. #ThatsTheTruth xo
Happy Friday to you, too, Good Friend! I so appreciate the #FF Love. You're the best :-)
hehe, I def needed my iPhone to spell it right!
came out pretty dope
Follow me Belieber too
. says: it's the job of ppl who do digital work to tell students: "no, you need to go visit special collections."
What is really good with this snow right now?
peple who live in the past.. wow
lol girl yes I would give you the only dirty stare as if I don't do the same thing
Watching replay of Nats game, looking for evidence of hot stuff issue...
Politicians avoid the term "lies" when talking about opponents. We shouldn't. Scott Walker lies. Daily.
I still waiting to hear from our start line, but the rest is coming together wonderfully. Its going to be a real MKE experience.
Beer and chocolate tasting sat at 3 And we've still got some spots left!!
Good to know its passing! We've still got thunder and darker skies in Milwaukee.
Jazz fan for the day. If they win then the #Twolves secure a first round draft pick. Let's go Jazz!
couldnt do it w out your support i love you
mine was ok had the house painted today but it was ok :)
Thanks! That makes 7 in a row now! Almost my old record of 8
we've been here always! How are you?
I Hate that cant like a girl with out everyone getting mad </3
70% of mobile users live in the developing world.
My mom said "you look taller, you have a growth spurt"? I said maybe you're just shrinking... Lmao. Then she hit me with her belt. Lol
Can the #Sakai #OAE train be stopped? News at 11.
I miss where I could just scroll through my favorites on Youtube & it wouldn't refresh...just play the video. *Sigh* Come back...x
Good luck! Hopefully it's not a zoo! :)
These white kids never share their answers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Advice On Finding Patio Fire Pits On The Internet
: Post your pretty spring flowers pics!
Please forgive us, as we are having technical difficulties with the channel. We're working on it NOW!!!
Sweet summertime.
Persnickety promotions has gotten out of dark ages.. we are on twitter... Followin' up on the CT Mag Bridal show for now.... toodles..
I don't hate you, I never will. I just act like I do, because it's easier than admitting that I miss you.
I've always thought they were equally authentic versions. Lemon and cognac... Lime and gin. Maybe cointreau? LOVE them.
: Ha, do you really? It gave me a good Friday morning laugh. :)
really? where in Pewaukee? I'm here too and didn't hear anything.
They relieved him of his headache all right!
yeah, I think there is a lot to be done in this space. How can I alert all my neighbors of a crime/missing pet?
#SupportBlackBusinesses ...or they'll go extinct
#vrrusa urban libraries have more active vr stats-embarrassing for us at HC-geography a factor on both coasts
about Loser toddles off the public stage?Oops,unfair McCain doesnt have one
": I hate driving every car but mine" same, you have an awesome trunk ;)
i cant lie i use to jam the shit out of this trina -still the baddest album
I don't know why I ever tried so hard.
i want a song with and #SusanBoyle ... #SimonCowell , make it happen <3
Its a disappointing feeling but I will let Only God judge me. He knows me very well ;)
Looks like I missed some continued debate last night after I went to bed. Note to tweeters on their professional account: [+]
a chia-pet app, pick faces, grow hair, cut hair, post to wall people vote on best
Ah MB! Dammit But I Have A Concert At 5:30 And I'm Gonna Miss It :(
again. Here's the "professional" image I'm working on putting together. :)
Just a heads up to all you shippers out there. NEVER use you're better off using a carrier pigeon
Like a fine wine, HotMess info cannot be released before its TIME!
tonight was crazy. my head hurts
oh i do every night ;)
#KippMemories when their girls volleyball team lost to ours !
now I will give him a try just to quell the extreme curiosity.
i just dont want a whole bunch of girls..and no guys..we need me..it just cant be a lesbian show only lol
how old is she? Maybe ask her how she uses/will use her celebrity for good?
lol i'm surprised my mom didn't say anything when I walked in
#Aquarius are really aliens from another planet. I am jealous!!
Jump on WebCamWindow during halftime for the WCW SuperBowl Party!
Be sure and sound proof a room.
haha recovering now with mimosas “: After partayyyyy ”
My girlfriend got me addicted to skins!
DMV pledges new methods will help stop bribery and fraud in issuing driver's licenses.
I don't understand this forensics crossword. At all.
thanks for following! (:
Just no attempt to attack, given that containment is unlikely to work
Shorts (super short) and a nice tank top maybe my glitter one
Here I sit near retarded waiting for this thing to get started
'Twilight' Star Kellan Lutz Relished 'Normal Guy' Role In New Movie
It feels so much later than 3:15, today just needs to be over.
PEACE everybody be back tweeting ant 4:30 luv ya and remember
i can do something better but if u........... lmao ima keep that in bad thoughts
I love how all these flies keep touching me.... -___-
"You don't have to tell me" / It's a trap!
Dragged myself to the gym. Hoping it will wake me up.
Rehearsing tonight for Saturday's gig in Cambridge
I hate when people text me then don't write me back when I text back.. don't start a convo with me if you don't intend to end it
Some Beliebers never met Justin. Never went to his concerts. He never noticed them. But still, they love him. That's what makes them real.
STEP BOYS WERE. WOAH. MY GORSH I DIED LAUGHING.
"I'll take plagiarism for $100, Alex"
international phone calls for free? yes, you can. Ipod + Skype
That was a fake account before
can u please follow me back?
Oh, I missed that part. Then how about a Tic Tac and a sprinkling of crystal meth?
Agreed, nice work, I heard some online : Nice work, really nice!
wouldn't that be nice. Seems like Rush doesn't take very good care of himself. Maybe he'll do himself in.
If the second half is anything like the first, I'm downloading #doodlejump -
it's so amazing here. Nice to feel genuinely happy & excited for the future!!! When r u moving???
Oh. Cool :o
Lakers are looking pretty good, I still like my pick of them coming out of the west.
Anthony Michael Hall & Emilio Estevez turned down the roles of Ferris and Cameron in Ferris Bueller's Day Off.
This FORCED ultrasound SHIT has me so fucking pissed. I want to BEAT the fuck out of Republicans!!!
ask everyone to follow me. ur good at doing that
All the cypher I was in, goin in, givin niggas a reason to remember me
If Scott Brown insists on calling his opponent "Professor" Warren (cuz she earned it) shouldn't we call him "Cosmo Centerfold" Brown?
thats less arrogant than one guy calling himself the king imo
Im chillin bitch!!!
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!21
Lost a cenote.
Great morning at ! Excited to be starting work with !
Does anyone know if the #TCAS are going to be on uStream or something? No cable at my cottage D:
I HAVE NO IDEA :(
haha a-bitch-illy. That's what I read.
Longest day ever.
Just ate at Lucky's Cafe in Dallas & #JerryJones, owner of the Cowboys, sat down at the table next to us!
Once again Philadelphia Comic is light on the programing and panels. With all those great guests you think they would do more.
I just fired Lost--could barely even get through episode 4.
I'm going to like this.....if I get that far. It's coming together.
You two made my morning. Thanks. :-D
I'll say it again, Southland is such a damn beautiful show.
Just got the Wagon, past the 1st Generation, recruiting monsters, getting the Zenithian Sword, etc...
And then, suddenly, it isn't! (see my timeline earlier today for more on this, by the way)
“ A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams. ” <U+2015> John Barrymore
A good ??? is husbands why would you not buy your wife/mother of your seed a gift? Oh, cause you carried a life in your womb for 9 months;/
Library who integrated social media into new site trained staff On social media before they launched
you da man
Been a LAKERS fan since I was 11
Twitter made me realize there are hella fine a$$ ppl in this world! Damn!!
what's going on
Boogie Nights is my favorite movie—of any director
Yo thank god Reggie Miller ain't broadcasting this game just because I hate his shit talk and he played for the pacers
Did you hear the new Elvis Costello live album? I heard it's "WHEELY" Good! RT: : the new Elvis Costello live album
I walked up to a homeless dude this morning, pulled out my wallet and realized I had no cash. The look on his face was priceless.
GoodDogs in the Menil parking lot for Friday lunch--not to be missed.
If you're in the WP area check out from 4-6PM, 2 veg sliders and a beer for $7.50. Awesome veg restaurant if you haven't been!
Ever Tried. Ever Failed. No Matter. Try Again. Fail Again. Fail Better.
If i have to tell you about it, then you don't get it
Such a boring day. Time seems to move slow on boring days
Is anyone planning on buying Facebook stock? Call us 866-954-0999
12. K-Rod thought process: / let the scrubs get on bases / then strike out Matt Kemp!!!
I wish the sun would never go down & that it stays the same it is right now forever <U+E04A>
Can't wait to try it after I deliver this baby :)
I'm in Leavenworth, WA!! I wish you were here <3
Check the score board
Is officially single. Now I can go fuck the whole world and be the person people thank I am anyway WOO HOO!!!!!!!
said i love havin sex but i rather get some head
Yes I am always oblivious
They make a fabulous latte!: One of the best cups of coffee in town!! Check out Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!!!
#MyFavoriteSongsEver Something in the way and School. Nirvana. Fuck yeah.
someone please e-mail me a link to the radio interview I can't pull it off of Twitter
This generation is so lost
Fletcher place and holy rosary are going to be the neighborhoods to love in.
Yes - I am now a Vizsla fan! RT:Is Tom Jordan a #vizsla fan also!
ugh. I'm really bummed. Who's all there? Where'd y'all go?
I love Valero for having cheese and hot fritos ( :
: Thanks for the RT! :)
#happymothersday. You're the best.
I think the real question is has anyone ever froze their laptop on purpose?
Opening Night of Rip Tide!!!
I had trouble with my computer. The help desk said it was an ID ten T error. "What's that?" I asked. Write it down... I D 1 0 T
Dear Red Robin, your service was not up to par today and that hurts me because I <3 you. :o(
heyy sweetheart!! How's ur sleep?? <U+2665>
i love you two!!! Text me :)
When You're In Love, You Start Losing Touch Of Reality And Everything Around You. Once That Person Disappears, Reality Hits You Hard
Two Nicholas Cages on SNL! Absolutely hilarious.
Technology changed teaching methods. How can we provide children in developing countries with the same opportunities?
How in the world do you upload photos on Twitter?
Oh, and can they please stop nominating Meryl Streep every year just for existing?
Goodnight, friends. Hope we wake up tomorrow, seeing as the conservatives don't see our subculture as "the real world."
Thanks to Everyone that came to J&B's Last night your where Amazing Packed house and good people we love you all... Specyphi
Just sold my tix to that. Only got $4 each. I guess you're not alone in that assessment.
thany K you, same here. Hope to see you around soon.
for sure girly!!
while you're in Wausau hit up Chang Garden for the sushi!
appreciate your kindness. :)
Better question: Do NYG scare you?
I know i heardly go on twitter until now i am lame! how are u? p.s gorgeous pic love =)
Our practice and mission statement
re: phone screens. At least all the germs on my phone are mine. Not so much the public toilet. Advise against licking either.
marched in the anti-violence parade. yes, in the rain. it was a pretty good time!
Thank you for Following!
Go to school Go directly to school do not pass GO Do not collect $200
add me on xbox mygamer tag is felipelikes
I'll do it.
Sweet sixteen baby!! Hoosiers!!!
RT : Working on more #REVIVE New Eras, what you wanna see?....I want to see some Lions Fitteds and other football teams
you guys need to put "So Far, So Good" on stream somewhere online so I can make others listen to it. It's a great song.
So tweeters, whats your favorite color scheme on the new Lashman poster? Retweet Us With an answer!
Cabrera must've given the ump some of his private stash. That was a strike.
I hate the point and I hate the plot. I'd rather exist and share stories of everything that happens in between.
sends #FF well wishes to new followers (Hey, beautiful!), , and
Good night Niall. Sweet dreams.
He's copying me 2 seconds before I do it.
www.pbase.com/issyr - Nature, Wildlife and Landscape Photography by issyr, Denver, CO
I am testing the waters with your twitter account!
Heading to the tooth doctor for some routine construction
yes I'm sitting down with a pink dress on.
My heart is breaking. : (
I really want new song but I do not have any money for iTunes:(
Thank you :) It's all about stimulating each body part as you go along. I do tend to linger on the inner thighs & bum though :)
I like when people DM me and say "thanks for following me. To connect with me a million other places click here and here and..."
yup mine too! Even better to me than the 96 team I think this team was so much fun to watch!
2010 final four hits for #Indy as a city crushed 2006 final four results
Omg stfu to those saying the Monster Pit is a "bad idea". If you don't like the idea don't even try to fuckin get in it
ZIGGY! What a character...he's still adding to his legend out here
The only life worth living is a live lived on the edge ~ bia
It's spartan game day go sparta!!!
So... tell me something I dont know
RT Placing hands too wide or too narrow will increase the difficulty of the exercise
Great skipping god. Please please oh please get the power back up. Our boil and bottle-filler NEED YOU.
I never had a question but I also told the interviewer I had researched them before coming in
You Talkinn Mad Stuff Baby Bye Well Well Well You Gonee Learn Todayy Claws
who was that towards?
Wad Up Fam
thank you again for everything!
ooc; with who
Today is International Polar Bear Day! Nearly all arctic animals are at risk of extinction from global warming.
Sometimes Twitter just doesn't deserve my presence. But I don't want you to enter the real world without my blessing.
i have the best daddy in the world, no doubt about it
here u go
2 more day :) it gonna be one best friday :)
Thank you!!
haha no i know. i understood haha
what's up rookie. You look like Roddy B. and The bulls will bounce the Heat in the playoffs!
I'm so excited for Dirty Work!! I love you :)
Summer Shandy is one of the worst beers I have ever had.
Heck of a run..
but getting back on track and truly dedicated to pursing my self publishing venture ... stay tuned I'm looking forward to your feedback
Doodle Jump > The Lakers
If we beat OKC tomorrow without Rose, Im Convinced !
Audio engineering and audio consulting will be provided by Shinoby Mitsuaka check her bio out in KP services.
I just need to measure noise level at the property line. A coarse-grained result may be OK.
I'm so mad.
While in Czestochowa, my grandmother saved her brother's life by hiding him during a transport selection.
oh my goodness :( I'm sorry I hope it gets better!!! Let me know what happens
Hoosiers and UK Wildcats not free to schedule one more needless cupcake in December. Pro Wrestling jobbers even think it's a disgrace...
Invest in a brighter future today, with Columbia Education. www.columbiaprep.com
thanks, man! I will!
You have to train your mind like no one else to win -Apolo Ono
#LakerHater for life.
Dont forget the hot sauce nigga!!
Kentucky looks great!! Not sure Kansas has the horses to win this.
A woman will go a long way for the man she's in love with. She'll go further for a man who loves her back
Rain was deep and hard from the airport.... Everything is very wet!
i know!! i'm pretty bummed. i was looking forward to reading them when i got homesick in korea.
I drop my phone like 50x a day
Hey fans, wrote about her unusual attempt to cure heartache. (Her novel out this week)...
It's fucked up how I waited for this.
Yay! My tax rebate came today. What fun thing should I spend it on? Oh wait... I own a house. :( .............. Attic insulation it is. meh.
thanks for the RT!
take your sweet time popeye.
On that Stanford TD martin bit on fake
if by going down she means beating you every tenth game, then sure!
they're doing Dutch auctions for some Chorizo lawn ornaments on the Brewers web site... you should bid!
Yes sir:)
Please go follow she is sweet and follows back
It is estimated that at any given time, 6 million Americans have Type II diabetes without knowing it.
So happy to see you yesterday! “: Happy new year!!! Healthy eats in Princeton NJ!!! Green Juice & Deluxe Veggie Wrap"
back to TX :( ? well i'll see you before you go.
it just says small....
I like your new avi...you look so cute!
Couldn't agree more. Expectations are infectious.
You'd leave Charleston for AL???
Lol. Yeah. You got that right. :-)
Hi! We'd love to chat with you about our new kids line!
been sleep allday , this job draining me lol !!
thanks for everything you do mike. Make following my beloved wild easy even though I live in Portland. Appreciate you
#HateIt How Friends change Jst Bcuz they Meet New People
Being in a relationship is not about kissing, dates or showing off. It's about being with the person who makes you happy.
Wants dark chocolate ice cream
that awkward moment when a retarded kid is late to class and the teacher calls him tardy
Both AUDUSD AUDJPY testing psychological handles. Looking for a rejection of.
dhimmitude lives: there are blinking red lights on the chase bldg and the one next to it. They did not fly into bldgs b/c of no lights, OK?
Thanks for all the feedback, Danville! Next event is May 20th with Prof. Greg Fairchild of Darden – same time and place.
Indeed; a perpetual talkback of the most informative order.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion. ~ Dalai Lama
Florida St trying to find a way to lose....smh
I need to do something nice for myself.
ill miss seeing you at twins games and keys.....rethink it. Rethink it
IS THAT REALLY WHAT I SOUND LIKE?
That app is fugly. $22M is silly. We're in a bubble. The end.
RT if you've met Austin before. <U+2764>
Passes on sale now. $200 gets you into everything, plus VIP parties, etc. AND you can share it with friends and fam!
First day working = success!
RT : RT : Wow, Hard Rock roof was sick! Still want to know where the Secret Show is tonight? Post a link on how...
That's who I want leading my team :-)
same here. Spent the last 4 innings nervously rubbing my thumb over the D on my hat...
RT : if I have my headphones in I'm obviously not gonna hear/answer you when you talk to me ...
I was the first person to buy a copy of #thedruginmeisyou at my local hot topic today, the cd is killer!
For all the ringing of hands about the #Phillies, a win tonight makes them 20-19 in a winnable division.
At the mall ready to go !
When I find a man that can make his penis vibrate. #ImGettinMarried Lmao so serious
same here. Tried to nap earlier & didn't come close to falling asleep. Can't turn my brain off. Tonight will be no different.
I know best class ever
I know thats a term that B Chilton uses when he's writing! Right B Chilton?
Stingy ass bitches FYL
I love when people do this. I have a shitty vehicle, so no prob parking so close you cant open your door.
Strategic planning comm will be surveying fac, students, and staff for input.
hell yea i got work at 6 tommorow but other than that im free
sexy thing cum to daddy
Those who are tired of my tweets, my bad, "but that's how good her a$$ is." lol
... Feelings on this new Spiderman ... Is it suppose to be after the others or all new entirely?
Marrige; Betting someone half your shit that youll love them forever.
so have you missed me :-) lol
Thanks Katie. You're always looking out for me. But I'm always cheering YOU on.
Rachel turns 21 in 17 hours. Am I dreaming this look out arizona
Now the real award goes to the one who can find a practical way to use it. Seems like a novelty idea to me.
Porn? RT : I feel blessed to do something I love and get paid for it. Even part time.
Stay classy, Milwaukee.
Not gonna miss the Canucks game tomorrow night
Sorry. I’m not staring at you. I’m daydreaming and you were in my way.
I needa see u asap before I leave k?
Not following ? Why not? He's a good dude! Let's get him to 40,000 followers! CEO of Shop today!
Gotcha. I gotta get more current on my lyrics. :)
well you are a godmother ;) very cute!!
can't agree more!
tweet sumn soon
honestly, it just makes the baby jesus sad.
Hello , & We're excited to share updates and stories with you!
Im a huge Lions fan, and honestly doesn't want Nickeback. I mean cmon. This ain't the CFL. Let them perform at an Eskimos game.
Seated and tweeted with a tiki cocktail.
Sounds like an Ohio state love fest
My resolution: be the consumer-focused innovator
rumor around G&L is our 2nd shipment of #ButterCowBandannas just arrived! I'll keep you updated
indeed gorgeous! Makes me want to get married at the Del :)
I could live with that...Rather go Silatou and then trade up for Kendricks...but what do I know lol
Who's coming to FREE breakfast week next week? Purchase any item and get the item of the day FREE! We're open from 9-10:30 for breakfast.
Fuck a tattoo let ya actions be ya ink ya love be the needle and ya loyalty stamp the picture on yaself so I can see.
oh boy. looking at my grades and how close I am bordering a B and an A in two classes kinda makes me sick to my stomach. This is not okay.
#2 NEW STORE ALERT - Check out new partner ! Now save big on the hottest fashion trends at www.BlastOffNetwork.com!
Up early working at #donateliferunwalk at #csufullerton. Time to prep for donor families.
What started as a productive, relaxing Saturday turned into changing a flat in 94 degrees and having to buy 3 new tires
Beautiful Miami Beach........
To learn more, and for other ways to support the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh, you should also be following
WTF, is Stoglin even guaranteed to get drafted? I was so high on the Terps for next year too!
When u sleep, Im up.. Thats why im in front.
oh hail yes! ps are you skipping with us on sr skip day!?
Cespedes has 2 doubles off Cain. Same place: down the left field line.
When this song come on I'm spendin money !!!
thanks sir! I'll be down for Capital Fringe so perhaps our paths will cross!
My cat, Hunter, would like everyone to know he is upset that it's pouring outside.
I was so excited to do some XML, PPH, and so on down this computer language. Until my professor announced "let's do some SQL" Fucker!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I guess players will only think like cheaters and use game to practice lies on those willing to believe them.
soo much better in my opinion. they're amazing:)
Join us for happy hour 5-7 today!
hey u trying yo mach
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! She is about 1/3 in so I'm guessing she is at the first sex scene.
keeping it real ;)
I am up for it. how bad can it be?
Would like to exhibit some photography at UnSmoke.
if he saved one life he did his job . Let it be knowen if you break the law you will pay if not for this one the next.
Got home, took a nap. Woke up with two cats on top of my chest.
You have got to discover you, what you do, and trust it
Best conversation last night with can't wait to read his proposed book!
thinkin of ya : ) and lifequotes knows where its at ; )
Lots of energy everywhere you speak. What doesn't already exist, you provide. Have a great day!
Congrats to #ARAthlete Drew () who got a pre-draft workout with the Green Bay Packers. Good luck, way to #AthleteUp!...
Well, he knocked out Pete (Best). It was the best I could do...
Portal 2, please.
mad at me for no reason? i could care less.
contact at refresh-dc dot org!
At first I wasnt supportive of gay marriage,but its sad that people are still discriminated against an its not for us 2 judge,thats Gods job
How You Like Me Now
could be the hail too...
": When Jones wants to turn it on.... He's the best player on the floor!" Cal says best in country. Maybe he's right. Lol
There's no such thing as a bad derby cake. They all look and taste great after a few mint juleps:)
s/o to a beautiful woman inside and out, my friend for life. Luv u mama. Thank u for being there for me when times are tough.
Beauty gets attention but personality gets the heart.
Is it firkin friday time yet? i need beer badly
EEk..... It's Raining
If you wanna Danny Glover, you gotta git wit mah Riggs. (spice girls. sing it like the spice girls.)
Welcome to the EPL #Javier Hernandez. Not competing in the #Olympics to rest will benefit #ManU but hurt Mexico. Good news is he will...
RIP Uncle Rob
ahahaha :) I will put that on my light-year long to-do list.
Yes! RT it's great to see all the emerging arts professional groups on twitter today!
good choice! What did you drink?
it's just a beta, lol, it's free. It's EA's problem anyway. They'll fix it.
Crazy snow in Chicago!! Wish I was there experiencing it!
Being single doesn't make you unhappy, but the thoughts you have about being single.
: Must admit. I don't understand twitter at all, but this is Arcadia. Cheers!
Designing a concept for a new Milwaukee charter school's groundbreaking event!
Watching on We dig your words!
Why is it called the horn of africa?
Maybe Tebow is our pass- rusher solution!
Any West Des Moines tweeps know of Crossroads Elementary School parents who are upset over a video shown by a sub teacher? DM me please!
Happy New Year to you!
Loving this session on recreating physicality in product UI...came by accident by super cool
Everyone must be headed to PCC forperformances & a luau!! There are only 3 other locals on this bus and one is the bus driver.
O Israel, hope in the Lord! For with the Lord there is mercy and loving-kindness, and with Him is plenteous redemption. - Psalm 130:7
get it earl!!!
hahaha night! Sweet dreams ;)
walks in the room and everyone gets whip lash:)
Huge difference there
Papersource is amazing. I can spend hours and hundreds in there. The one on armitage is the best one.
How do you go by approaching this situation lol
You live in Virginia?
Show us your Halloween costumes!!! What skills did you use to put it together? Sewing, thrifting, welding? Dumpster diving? We want to know!
Josh Hamilton haha, and Derek Jeter.
next time we'll give you an old school tether for your iPad and passport. enjoy home!
BBJ's Heavy Hitters in Real Estate event is next week!! Sign up now! Go to our site for more information. www.baltimorebusinessjournal.com
LOL. And Friday your ear is gonna have a new hole in it. K? Friday.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00BB>
Thanks for following me,
Ready to get my summer on
you still alive?
Just because you say you're a "Christian rapper" doesn't mean you're saved..
Knowledge speaks...wisdom listens!”
Thank you my friend! Enjoy your weekend!
#np 'Who's that girl' Madonna
Me ears are still throbbing
RT : Freaks don't come out until they pregame
Brilliant! It was just a matter of time.
hello beautiful I'm a hip hop artist looking 4 management I clicked the link but had trouble loadin the pg
Good luck and hope you're feeling okay!
#sunsentinel needs to pay attention to your tweets. #weseered #boycottsunsentinel. Tired of page 3 and. O pics on a big win
Thank you to everyone who came to experience tonight. Atlanta represented and she was elated!
where did my vacation go?
I guess I should just let some things go--but the arguments for the MID are such bull****, I have a hard time being quiet.
I don't take one man's word as gospel. Never have, never will. No matter who it is.
its 130 and I'm jamin this champion track fellin like luda on the so hood remix smh. Much luv
I wonder if would ever do plus size modeling for American next top model that would be great to see
You know what i love.. How Cody looks so mad onstage sometimes :)
you obviously have no part in cassidy's and my love life so "just hop off!"
David, thank you so much!! It's such a pleasure to help steward ! Glad you are having an amazing RISE Week! :)
Great conversation about arts education w/South Bay and Peninsula orgs at Arts Education Brown Bag Meeting
Haley and Campbell drop the gloves. Haley with the decision but both players got some very good shots in
Tonight is gonna be crazy @ Myst (AZ) for the Ratio Party!!! Hit me up for guest list or info @ (602)882-0317....
You already know! RT : We gon get dis money !
at the Fess Parker winery, you can buy tiny coonskin caps to top your bottles of vino
Our Thursday & Friday schedules are full. Please call Monday morning to schedule your windshield repair.
how aren't we trying hard enough???
I wish I could be a model :p is it fun?
Jays and Indians sure do like playing baseball! Headed into extra innings again-- top of the 10th
- Agree think he's earned it by now!
Please stop talking to me. :)
Bums me out how people like my art but got nothing to say, even a little feedback would be nice . Like hey man, that art is wack like crack!
Just got sad news about my parents dog. Why must bad things happen to adorable pets.
#RnBThrowBacks : Promise ~ Jagged Edge
Is in D.C.
Skating for the first time in forever. #rightnowisuckatthis ...
#nowplaying all i want for christmas is you -justin bieber and mariah carey
Dog beach today was awesome
RT : Nomination process spread out this year - Super Tuesday awards only fifth of all delegates, compared to half in 08
Still buzzing from watching last night. He's so amazing, & he only played 3 songs! Can't wait til he brings his solo tour to LA!
~I hate u couldn't make it n~sry-maybe next year u can make it over here ;)
really good fried cheese, and prosecco to go with it!
GOOD MORNING TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS TO MANY TO NAME
Thank you! We'd love to send you a FREE sandwich/salad card to make it up to you. Please DM your mailing address.
The Women's #Leadership Conference is in full swing! Featured speaker Mimi Donaldson was fantastic!
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet follow them follow them, tell them something they don't know ;) trend it guisee<3
The Pastor is shouting. The people are cheering. She sounds like Queen Latifah
sadly yes- it may well be. I like your 'hyper!' Let's aim for a lunch and a drinkin'about soon.
Hold on
NF and you!
so sweet
idk yet still waiting on results how about yours
Thanks for organizing a great #skillshare12 panel on DH and LIS w my co-panelists Barbara Rockenbach
Warm up to cool Mediterranean Salads - Pick 3 - Italian Kale, Pasta, or Mediterranean
Neck pillows should be SMALL, not big! Comfort is not dependent on how fluffy your pillow is, but highly depends on how it provides support.
just did btw « not today lol . Im by south port :x text me ?»
Braving the weather to attend house concert tonight.
i used to be love drunk... now im hangover
morning...gotcha
On the last episode of Photos Nobody Wants To See Ever, we met Kaylee, your newborn niece. Today, it's Sparkles, your neighbor's terrier!!
Oh, we aren't trying to scare you. Just trying to get the point across.
We really about to be on RT : birthday weekend this weekend...TU!
ok fly me out
Lol, yeah, the fact it's at Petco makes his night even more ridiculous. Awesome.
Uh, hoping to get in tomorrow eve, at a reasonable time. Before nine? Depends on how much weather slows us down.
I think the hater*****e because they have nothing better to do
Do your civic duty and get out to vote in the primary elections today!
How about a home addition diorama complete with extra bedroom and garden?
it's white.
I pray on your behalf.
me bro!
here in chi, they're just giving each hs teacher a 6th class... 180+ students instead of the current 150+.
is an amazing singer. check her out on youtube!!!
Thank you so much!
on Saturday i have a gospel rally at my Church and Sunday is Youth service how about u?
Shout out new followers, thanks!
is too hott to start my laundry!
Sun King Brewery just bought our wonderful Hibiscus & Rose Hips for a new Local Brew! Maybe they'll name it after us?!
hope you have fun at #blissdom. Find she's super fun!
Santorum Rick is sounding sick A fight is what he likes to pick! But a guitar string would be better... Should I send him out a letter?
The let's go Yankees cheer is just as annoying on TV as in person.
thank you and love you too
facebook/michael.sweig1
LOVE-Love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
What up !!! When are we gonna hear Feelin Fine by
I love my new avi. Great stoppage by Richard Steele! Chavez is legendary.
Sunday in Balboa Park at Earth Day was super. We got to meet to interesting new people as well as say hi to our current and old patients.
Bumped into #Shaq at Betsey Johnson boutique. Mall at Millenia.
Have fun and be safe tonight friends! Don't forget to have a DD or call Safe Ride. (505) 242-7433 or Yellow Cab (505) 247-8888
nothin much bro. Eatin some lunch and enjoyin the weather.
whatsuppppp, wisconsin!? :D
I almost went there today... Weird!
it was outside out house during the rainstorm last night. called the police. they came & she denied that it happened.
lmao! Thanks for the clarification.
I was too then my legs grew damn 5 inches and I'm tryn to catch up to my legs then maby I'll be fast again lol
me too new iPhone came for my birthday!
Liberals don't have 2 embrace abortion rights at 20 wks. How often is a woman still pregnant from a rape @ 20 weeks if she intends 2 abort ?
Selena Gomez Disney Channel Reunion: Goes To Lunch With President
Roofs are like cars-If you don't maintain them, They won't perform when you need them most! And your Guarantee Coverage can be jeopardized!
UR a riot!
Blessed to be assisting Sherry Haney Moran with The Rock Church Youth Choir. She has got 2 B the coolest Youth Choir Director on the planet.
you know it!! <U+270A> getting better everyday!!!
Children, remember to look both ways when you cross the street in Park Slope. You could get hit by a jogger.
Yum! RT Want Local. Lakefront Fixed Gear Ale. Nueskes Bacon~sweet corn chowder, fried chilies and cream. Cucumber~Tomato Gazpacho.
like the point about making our user's lives better
Provided legal commentary regarding Lindsay Lohan case to Jovana Lara of Please tune in tonight!
hey thx for the shout out!
Not exactly the way I'd planned my night.. But definitely not disappointed!
Mad men time!
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties. ~ Anonymous
Test...Site Will Soon Be Open.
Diggin' the Roku2 P. got me for xmas Who needs cable now? Screw TWC and their ~$200 cable bill
I have the best boyfriend. Ever.
Enjoying Day 1 at #MSMECA12. Stop by Booth 63 for a free gift.
RT dope shiit man how long u been rappin for
i mean stopping the reapers sounds like it would.be an ending to me
Well there's going to be quite a few people with me. And I want to be there to see this!
#teamwest now..in my big worm voice..WERS MY MONEY!!
YEAH BUDDIE. SWIMMING WITH DOLPHINS AWWEEEYEAAAH
Don't get an attitude. Who you talking about?
Man with a coconut that played chimes at the gym this am. He sat by the pool and played it for an hour while I swam. Not sure about that one
Poised Creation has met many amazing people in Arlington! We would like to thank you for shaping music in your city!
happy birthday Audrah!!
Getting hit in the head with a volleyball <<<
well he's rite here I can let him tweet u if you want
true. The photo is probably the least objectionable part of that post
NEVER? I'm a junkie. Good morning! Am I the only person alive who hasn't seen "Star Wars"? Oh, well. May the 4th be with you anyway.
Might be a good idea to pitch around Josh Hamilton from here on out
Gorgeous!! I love your dress - so elegant. :)
Girls like tall guys. What kind of girl says "He's really cute and short." haha sorry.
Finally, the truth about birds. What's there to like, really? They're dirty, poop on you, group movements controlled by evil...
Blaahhhhh boring monday. Gunna make some enchiladas
on Sunday the 19th we're doing a photoshoot at Evolution from 6:30-9:30PM with makeup artists, refreshments and discounts on jewelry!
ahh That Thing You Do!!! One of my favorites!!!
Hello Hurricane just finished... it is full band and is the best I have done so far
Ohmygod. I can't imagine. Hugs to you both.
Well, that's confusing. Heh.
shyt! Well Florida does have a chance.
you can never go wrong w brown ones!
I want to prove everybody wrong
: going live with ipad presentation about what LE is doing in mobile
#Pina. So much beauty...
thanks for the tip!
ok... Is there a plan to go back out there?
yea it is, are you a fan of Zimmer? Because he is my favorite composer
Building your own personal empire is all about teamwork. No one can build a successful group of businesses without good people on your side.
what is hockey evaluation?
#LasCruces followers #text MAGICGUY to 90210 for #event info from #magician Jamie O'hara. #Mobile brings you info wherever you are!
Japan injury brings a break to the action. Wish I understood Japanese. Curious if there will be English commentary on the delayed broadcast?
Pau Gasol just set the NBA record for offensive rebounds on one play
The school year is so close to ending but it doesn't feel like it
your mom is flawless. I will fill you in on Tues. practice Welcome to the Sixties
#SeniorConfessionHour Seneca has been much more of a home to me than Waggener ever was .
I love you too
ha! that is interesting but I won't go there ;)
just call me James Brown. because I'm the hardest working man in the library business.
“The greatest need we have is not to do things, but to believe things.” Oswald Chambers
Lol RT : just read what happened to you in Ohio. Freaky stuff bro. Would love to see you in MICHIGAN!
Not 4real i already pay some one so nah thanks
I don't kiss in the rain, I just fuck in the snow <3
Heads up, Twitter! Im back! I finally have a phone that's conducive to tweetin :-)
Psssssssssssh you think I'm kidding. Now you owe me TWO dinners.
random hosuses. mist be
with pinterest and all the other sites alike...why aren't you guys getting any publicity? Your site is way more interesting
i think i had it SMACKIN! lastnite
God Morning!!! <U+E415>
Heard of movie magic? Scorcese's "Hugo" is overflowing with it. Loved this film! Great 3D too!
RT : Detach yourself from guilt, don't feel guilty about honest mistakes you make in life.
Muscial practice :( I'm doing makeup for them this year. Hopefully I won't be there too late! And we can hit the road :)
Hey twitters! The hunt is back on tomorrow. The question will come from be sure to stop by around noon.
and we are underway in Milwaukee for #MISLPlayoff soccer and
A bitch who has txt wit niggas talkn bout pictures nd caken up nd fuckn nd kno dey got q nigga but gives the phone away is a dirty bitch
31 years ago today, Bob Marley passed away.
im that thing that tickles up your spine, and punches you in the face. ;)
I just heard that the #colts didn't pick up Peyton's contract, I guess free now to join the CIA!
Yess , Yes... Blocking me makes youu quitee the mann..... NOT.
Thanks for the mention!!
I never played you ...
*SPRING BREAK* Family Day! Wed. March 16 at 10AM. Discover a world of wonder and take off into the sky with a hot-air balloon simulator! .
Love how I met some kids yesterday at a baseball game and were already making plans to meet up again(:
danny granger finally showed up
You want to catch a lot of fish or the BIG FISH !!??
I assume you are telling us that you just pooped. RT Monday mornings are the perfect time to send out a #snug!
beautiful. Suddenly I am flush with gift ideas!
I got you(: Thanks!
But i don't want that need to aim for something better.
"He that hath a trade hath an estate." - Benjamin Franklin
Have you seen the new Blackberry device, im looking forward for later this year... what do you think?
don't blame ! Miss was under my supervision. I accept full responsibility.... Ish.
Longstreet was able to fend off McClellan's forces long enough for the Confederate wagon train to retire, which was stuck in deep mud.
why thank ya!
What's a bieber? Ah haha! And beaver loses again! This award show is proof that he(she) sucks! Oh what a great night! =))
HOBO. BRING ME MY AWESOME MAGAZINE TOMORROW.
funny day yeah
US GOVERNMENT OPENS 2 HRS LATE! TAKE YOUR TIME...
re-send me email w/ terms pls + contact #. My email gets full hella fast
Thanks for chatting Aaron. I admit, U know ur TED talks way better than I & applaud ur energy. Good luck w/Ur Ph.D & publications!
The looks like an egg. (Sorry. But that's what her avatar is!)
I hope he sees he deserves so much more!
sweet dreams
RISPLOB is relevant to a fan
Giving youth a voice is mandatory = public health = healthy communities
ANY SEXY LADIES IN THE LOS ANGELES AREA THAT WANT TO AUDITION FOR AN UPCOMING MOVIE EMAIL ME FOR MORE INFO THANKS
Ian Please tweet me Hi I love you Im soo glad Mos wanted is on ABDC man I already know you guys are going to win Tweet back
that's just crazy. Its so fucked up that an insurance company can tell a doctor to stop seeing a patient.
Thats their run. Time to put the birds back where they belong!!
#YouWasCuteUntil you took your contacts out!
no meet and greets scheduled but ya never know!! Have fun tomorrow!!
are yall still going to din din with us? :)
Ah! One of my favorites from that album! :D
hope you have a safe flight!!
RT : Congrats to ! First round pick to the Bengals. Now let's get Pete Konz off the board
haha, i think i've done this plenty of times
scary cat lol
played at a beautiful wedding ceremony today at the Lincoln Theater- it really was a grand production!!
congrats on baby Collum! Figured I'd hit all the social media outlets.
OK, the #Vikings are three the easy way...Morris Claiborne or Matt Kalil or Justin Blackmon.
it's shocking that she accepts herself that way but we all have issues we choose not to face, literally !
That type of brick, I'm used to from #PanickyRussWest... not Kevin :-/
back at ya
Good! so you ever coming up to the B-Lo? lol
Oh come on! You know you loved this shit, you probably dressed like them. Menudo - Claridad 1981: via
It shouldn't. Can you send me a link to your screencast video? At what point in the video should there be a hotspot?
whats up?! How are you?
Finally on my flight back to Detroit.
HEY FOLLOWERS! Please follow and RT this! If you do and tell me you did I'll give you a shout out! Thank you lovies. <3
Keynote speaker challenging conventional approaches to creativity and innovation now at
Someone tweet me when the drama is over I'll be on facebook
I have a fever and the only Rx is for to move to SoCal.
-----> PALIN 2012 <----- Titanic battle for the heart and soul of America's future. Obama would be toast.
contests for discounts will begin during the day tomorrow, but I can offer you a 30% discount on any service for being
Fuck the giants.
Don't go punching glass now Dirk.
really i always assumed u did cuz ur the most popular guy in our grade and like everyone thinks ur hot my friend wont shut upbout u
Hey , I'm halfway through my word count for today! <3 <3
i hate you mewsh!
It's not unfollowing. Maybe like 2 people rather than the over 100 I clicked on to unfollow. Any advise would help. Thanks!
when life takes sudden turns, just hope you're wearing your seat belt.
Thank you so much
Such a great weekend of #Comedy at with and Josh Alton. Can't wait to be back!
I just saw a doggie threesome in the middle of the street.
ok, we'll talk about it then. :)
the last time I talked to my dad was december. He's never gave my mom a dime and he has never paid anything for me
Goes back. I'm officially the only one in this house who cares about how high the bill has been.
one of the greats! RIP Donna Summer
So then why do teachers punish you when you get into trouble if you are only learning, which is exactly what they want you to do?
RT this crack diet is paying off!!! lmfao but naw forreal changing what you eat and exercise is key!
My car mirror attacked me this morning & sliced my hand open. On a high note, I'm enjoying some banana cream pie yogurt.
You're welcome my EbrotheRRRRR
I want someone to hold me. <U+E023>
why so hard to accept fact that players get tools to provide them with a non-NFL career they otherwise wouldn't get?
the barracks are chillin, they're right on top of the station
Knock KnockWho's there !Athena !Athena who ?Athena reindeer landing on your roof !
": Let's fuck on a bed of salty lemon paper-cuts." & contort on a bed of razor sharp spikes dipped in bleach.
Will u marry me!! :p haha! <3
In other news oomf is <<
hee hee - yes (had to do airplane mode right after I posted that, so just saw comment)
It's happy hour !!! $1 Olympia drafts, various happy hour food items, SF Giants game, what else could you ask for!!! Don't...
Listening to great stories from the latest SIFJ delegates from Japan. With and
Thank you participants. Congrats to , , and , winners of new iBeats. Rock on, see you next week!
": I over analyze situations because I am scared of what will happen if i'm not prepared for it." Story. Of. My. Life.
Thanks for following me! I'm new at twitter so I appreciate the support! -Nicole
follow & ask for follow back.
Thanks, Mike.
I like to call it a "Love Fluff"
thanks for the love, !!
She's got you high and you don't even know yet. Why? Because she's a gifted drug dealer. My remix of the song. Ok I should stop.
because twitter wanted you to ask about it
that's been the best part of teaching at the past 14 years... ;)
tryna walk there?
I don't recognize most of the Cw or mtv shows.
the times I interviewed Ernie were great experiences. Loved his style .
Hm? Can't seem to figure out what was false Mr. Buchanan? I'd be glad to go over the reports with you or your staff in detail....again.
Thankyou for making me feel so welcome this morning on the "dress to impress" slot. A wonderful experience! Love Anne Curry : )
RT : The Supremes' decision was unanimous, it's being said. America looks a little uglier tonight.
is such a force of nature, he just makes seem like a genius... <g>
Possibly, might spend the evening making tweeks to Carl's Dinos instead.
I agree. The gripe with one and dones is second semester can be skipped.Sounds to me like whole season in jeopardy #vacated?
oh god no! All good I did her them, btw
I'll be in London tomorrow through the weekend...
A cure for pain - heroin, money, redemption, or love? Which would you choose?
fixed lots of computers and made our customers happy
Swag Swag on hunters
I am amazed at the proliferation of document storage and sharing solutions we've implemented. It is very hard to decide where to put a doc.
who do I start at flex rob gronkowski, Felix jones or percy
fantastically rode through the quarter and the marigny and am wet and caffinated and what an afternoon.
The system created by the two parties insures the political duopoly because a majority consensus & $$$$ needed for change.
Apparently they are looking to see if they can just have Byrdak's arm fall off.
I love watching grown men play with their shafts all day.
Question: What’s your definition of being rich? And what’s your rich ratio?
Good Morning Disney Fans! 79°F Current: Partly Cloudy Wind: N at 0 mph Humidity: 96%
that's what they invented beds for. Look them up
where ya moving to
I never have a chance to tweet about crazy things that happen at work..like the girls who sang WMYB to me in the drive thru the other day.<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Im loving this love making weather! ;)
I've never felt so hurt in my life
I’m the girl that always has her phone in her hands, headphones in her ears, and that one guy on her mind...
What got 6 thumbs up and will be ready for release this week? Ask
Killing zombies on Dead Island while listening to Never Gonna Give You Up.
Bitch, I watch CSI, I can make your death look like an accident.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 91
good luck. Sounds interesting.
Just ate an apple with a spiderweb stretched across the stem. Trapped inside was a dead ladybug: the most violent fruit I've eaten in awhile
Super excited to see kill it tomorrow with
same here bro just working on this project for the summer
I trade my soul for a wish pennies and dimes for a kiss I wasn't looking for this but now you're in my way .. yup
Great! I still don't know exactly what I want to say, but it will be geared to school librarians.
about to head out to the 2nd negotiation meeting--hungry but hopeful
New #dogthebountyhunter can't wait brah!!
just put the flash drive with everything on it through the washer and dryer - for the 4th time - and it's still okay
I'll join you for the last part of your sit
Sometimes when you create a COP only the low performers are attracted
Thank you :) it means a lot that you came to support me!
Could you please please please follow me, Or RT this.. please..
Baby you light up my world like nobody else. <U+263A>
Dancing is like dreaming with your feet! ~ Constanze
nope nothing wrong...it will drop pending status once the offer closes later in week. thnx for tweeting out the deal.
I love u(: hope ur ok u wasn't ur self tonight!
my bad girl!
His Lonely Heart pushing him over the Thin Red Line in this Mad City as he tried to Get Shorty. Now Look Who's Talking!
It's a nice ass morning
Wow! Just got up from nap and heard about Junior Seau. May he RIP. :(
LOL! I just saw my mistake! Yep, King Crab is on the menu tonight...
Take the time today to thank a woman who has made a difference in your life! #InternationalWomensDay Thank YOU
strong tea? Iron eggs sound like you need real strong teeth instead ;-)
Berlin is so cool. Can't wait to explore for the next few days. This hotel run by Camper (shoe company) is the cutest ever too.
,Thank you very much and i wish you all the best
So hungry right now!!
mad mex surly girl saloon
While we may not be able to control all that happens to us, we can control what happens inside us. ~Benjamin Franklin
#TwSIG Lots of apps and tools to manage your Twitter feeds. TweetDeck is one of those. You can find new followers, see who is mentioning you
working on new Blackstreet Album right now
Everyone goodnight, happy dreams, (I DON'T WANNA SLEEP) I love uu...
bored -.-t
Dear NY Knicks: Can u plz have walk on try-outs to replace Baron Davis? He's bad on the eyes, and ps BD: Stop shooting just pass!
5 days before I was born; December 11th, 1967. So sad. He was so young!
I downloaded it the other day, but i yet to listen! Ill check that out soon!!
RT : "You can't medicate your way out of a bad diet" ~ Dr. Mark Hyman
How Much? RT : #ForSale: Somehow I ended up with an unlOcked iPhone 4 for T-Mobile. Someone buy this off me
Represent us well Mike!
So going to see titanic 3d with Friday
thanks much, Clair! Have been a little remiss there-- Tonight had insomnia- glad to pop in twitter and see u around!
yeah, something like that!
MIDTOWN Fall Town Hall Meeting Wed. Oct. 19 7pm Preston Hall - dessert reception, election of at-large Midtown board members.
And I'm very sore.
hey all... don't forget to check out our website www.drivethrustudio.com & tell me what you think? and please spread the word! =)
Bad thing about unexpected hospitalization: unexpected/unexplained bills now showing up in the mail are making me dread mail.
"I have opinions about whether #ag #policies are good & bad, and will share them." - Mark Muller
with happy ending I hope huge? Holland is freezing! -10 right now
I agree about raising questions, Ked. But that's the best kind of piece--provocative!
An interesting time to start...do you have your knowledge-base down...
dude my dream is to meet you in person :)
Do you want to give back? If you get it share it - our moto! Run 4 board positions - Exciting time to be social professional
Just heard someone order a "chili cheese Harvest burger." What's the point of that?
me too! RT : Socially constructed archives - I want more examples!
I know!!!! It's been so long since we've spoken!
that sounds so good!
All American Combo Saturday Special at Acme Hotdogs! Add some tasty Onion Rings & Creamy Cole Slaw! South of 161 off Cleveland Ave.
3 keys to a powerful music brand: Its unique, Makes a promise, Delivers value.
Use your fuckin head
new Shadows Fall is sick
Hey Bill...Not particularly, mostly because I'm trying to get moving taken care of.
Semi-Live. connections issues. but for now mainstream a-z in T's with "The -" bands. enjoy.
Happy Birthday Lil Wayne <U+2665>
So I may be thinking of moving to this side of the hill soon. This commute is killing me. I don't know how people do it.
Warm up the bus time! Send Marquette back to the great city of Milwaukee.
Wait List Ya'll.
I love the Camera
Wonder if I shud mess with it 2maro.
More Thx to our Followers!
I've never read Chuck. I should... I've mostly tried to work my way though classics through the years.
One time for the highest praise. RT :
ima be here all night uploading the video..it takes forever!
jorge: Gas station on 610 with lights on, full of cars and anxious customers, but no one pumping gas? We waited and waited but got nothing.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself doing what U love!
I don't have your number ): mines is 3058789319
Evans won with 29% of the vote... Just over 1/4 of the vote between 4 players. Clearly flawed.
Happy Saturday #Cleveland who are some local peeps we should follow?? RT
#ireallywant to go back in time and see 13 on broadway oh and meet Liz yeah #ireallywant both
HEY GIRL!
Mad Men watchers...what did you think of last night's episode?
Wish I was at #CES!
RT : are any of you going to Las Vegas in January <of course we will be there with bells on!
I hope I get a shout out wen I graduate boot camp lol
I love living here.
I keep thinking I am on Xmas break haha its good; where are you wokring, Posh?
Moderating tonight's discussion is founder and board member Dr. Ayoka Chenzira
You are too big for the life you are living...enlarge your territory
wee, all weekend BUT I'm pretty sure I'll be able to squeeze a Skype convo with one of my favorite people ever in there
Congrats on 50M phones and Jabber everywhere program! It was great seeing everyone at
sure; I usually do mornings before work on days I'm not working with my trainer :-)
People are so annoying
I actually copyedit for them, so I was reading your article pre-publishing. Good work! And small world!
you are clever! You got me lol
There are two important moments in life. One is being born, the next is having a reason for being born.
Chiana:Forget the sound of one hand clapping, try playing "fetch" alone.
oh I wouldn't even bother if it was $150 a shirt
That China Mieville, getting all edgy with the ampersands.
i chase chub :)
Tons of new follows from Trinity Middle School today...just wanted to say thanks to you all!
Lost Places of the Mojave: Photographs by UNLV Prof. Julian Kilker will be on display Dec. 2 to Jan. 22: bit.ly/vXpkey
no one likes trains more than john stilgoe. he says you might meet your spouse on one.
That was one heck of a great win!!
Hey happy people! Can you help us win today? Send us a photo of yourself saying "I am happy in __(your city)__ because _____." Thanks a ton!
haha yeah it is!
I have been to Mars and back. Probably met along the way buy them ;)
There are those who believe the ordinary rules of ethics do not apply to business. "Winning" business unethically is never good business.
Happy BDay to my Brother
Not looking forward to my birthday
RIP MCA Adam Yauch watching and listenin to stuff
GM | Work & Pandora Gospel Station flow
is it launched yet!! im so excited :)
Where's the cheapest Italian restaurant in Seattle?
I can relate, but isn't that reason in and of itself ;-)
5 Hour Energy drink is stupid. If you are tired, get more sleep at night and eat healthier. Problem solved.
I can wait... Ur worth it...
says "how does 'the gift' work? The body is broken and blood is poured out."
Wee will be at the Arboretum / Great Hills Petco this Saturday from 10 - 12!!! Come say HI and see the Wees!
talking to students about college and career readiness, following passion, #education shapes the next 60-70 years of your life.
We finally got internet at our house!! The first time in almost a year. I can't believe it lol. I love you
aw, c'mon - can't take a #sfmayor joke? Did u return those pants to the Go Lorries driver who owned them? See chapter 9.
We just legit LOL'd!
I'm Frank. a dog. and I just took off my glasses and now i'm growling.....
Wow u no ur kewl when u get over 5 blocked calls and it's not even been a week yet
giving angel readings and cleaning house......raising vibrations and then grounding myself!
Tried to sit down at the Blue Dog table at lunch but Heath Shuler, said "seat's taken, little lady."
"They call it "PMS" because "Mad Cow Disease" was already taken"
duh who didnt see rihana & chris gettn back togther.. they were makin songs bout each other!!
my mommy needs to talk to your mommy c:
Watching father ted with mam:)
Praying for great day for us all
#FF > you figure it out...
Friday Follow --> Great advice, you should follow them
Still up...
Absolutely thrilled to chat with this morning. Oh how brings good people together!
Y is it still cold smh
how are things going?
I'd rather be working for a paycheck than waiting to win the lottery.
“We’d have to run a phone book ad in every location, which would be a billion dollars,” he says with exaggeration
If you followed this page and make sure to go like their Facebook page too!!!! And download their song for FREE!!!!! :)
Big Ups 2 Thx For The Follow
I'm pretty sure that classifies as back pains... 42DD
As Santee council considers its redevelopment agency's future, John Minto asks deputy whether this can be filed under grand theft or robbery
what concert are you going to?
creative, also a bit sadistic!
Shoot, then you're probably not gonna like that spycam we set up in your cube, are you?
Only awesome people. : )
Thanks. Have a great Monday!
Nephew don't you even sleep
Thank you for following my friend!
how is Cesar's? It always seemed like such an odd combo to be any good
how long did it take for to do tht
that's sexy af
We must prepare every child from K-12 so that college is an option, whether they take it up or not. -Patricia Martin,
“: #AnimalPlanet is so tight” until someone or something gets eat'n !!! X.x
what's up? What are you looking for?
Mindless behavior word up is likes dat and I got it before valenties more posters for my room oh yea
That White Frost On That Pound Cake, So Your Duncan Heinz Is Irrelevant-
I'm Misa
Chew with your fucking mouth closed please, and please don't talk with food in your mouth either. Your fucking gross.
RT Barbour: "There is authorship inflation" leading to devaluation of the currency #scholarlyattrib Using Weimer Republic funds
thanks for being honest & real loved the line the BAR that build.u cont 2 give credit & keep us entertained & lol each wk
He makes it so easy, haha.
USA has 9 channels showing soccer regularly, 2 are full-time soccer networks. Yet no African CAN final. Pity considering what aired instead.
#BandsILove Green Day, Blood On The Dancefloor, Falling In Reverse, System Of A Down, Dave Days, and Slipknot
Praying that the walls fall and hearts are shifted back towards the purity and sanctity of marriage! Consume the divide oh Father!
Thank you!!!
Hahaha no problem :D me and love telling each other about cute guys who can sing...and you can definitely sing
there got chair boners !
I really need to write a book on my life or some shit. If you people only knew
We just learned the body of a missing Colorado hiker has been found in the Gila. Details on KOB at 10.
No sport has more fake tough guys than baseball. Throw at someone's back, then wait for your buddies to jump in if the guy charges you.
You probably did not sleep at the right posture. Or you used fluffy pillows that are big enough to make you feel uncomfortable.
I will have to try it that way. Thanks for the suggestion.
Made my third loan today. Decreasing world suck $25 at a time.
Im waiting for the replay <U+2665>so I can go hard and fangirl again and make my head hurt...
You have to work hard to play hard... Nothing good comes free in life
Chuck Norris didn't run a marathon! #LA MARATHON
Good night to you, my friend. #shuteye sounds good!! =D See you soon!
Romney: "While we celebrate this victory, we must not forget what this election is really about-defeating Barack Obama." (so much for jobs)
I'm trying to talk Kim into letting me get a honey badger at the new house. Just kidding.
#nowfollowing she bad
yes I am running #BigSurMarathon since I didn't get enough of a beating at
When 1 door closes another door opens. But these damn hallways are such a bitch.
: help! My lip brush top came off inside my purse. Do you know how I can get rid of the lipstick spots?
turn up
Sorting thru my drawers has shown 4 shirt themes: Disney, Oakland Athletics, SDSU and concert T's..
If you fed a bee nothing but oranges would it start making marmalade?
Who I use to be < Who I'm becoming
Just had a surprise blessing when I heard worship pastor, 's, version of "Above All" playin on shuffle tonight. Love ya, Tina!
Happy to spread the word on the C.S. Lewis. I have a worn out set of the Narnia books from my childhood. It was a favorite.
A hello to the artistically inclined and to those who arent as lucky but still enjoy the arts, please show your support by giving to RISD!
#LOVE #I-MISS-U #ICantWait , The longest period of time is waiting for someone you truly want !
“: He once beat Usain Bolt in a race wit flip flops on.”
Whew, that sounds like good advice! Magnesium supplements are on the shopping list! You're my official twitter herbalist.
So excited to wake up and see that is following me! Thanks for the fun #50Shades party last night
dang it! Sorry. Will post that later. On the road. Check the YouTube channel for now.
Fact: it takes one million years for glass to decompose
I got my paws too! And I did what you did and almost got my triple! But I've been practicing my fouettés and my right leg hurts!
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.~~~Aphra Behn
One direction on nick in a min
This Spanish skit is gunna be so fucked. Maybe we'll get an "A" for stupidity.
'Bout to unravel the Mystery of Puma Punku with my main man #marchmadness huh!?
how can you chop down a tree and then chop it up?
Better lineup overall 12' Rangers or 95' Indians?
It is?
Shane manages the group and everyone comments on Shane's daily posts- we would love you to contribute!
i need a job asap i can't be living like this
All over the struggle bus this morning.
Good tip Kim. Technology has the marketplace evolving so quickly that it's often difficult to keep up.
We have even more sponsors on board fro some great prizes. Thanks to Girl.Bike.Dog for some awesome custom messenger bags!
Safe!!!!! T-Plush sneaks in. Two solid wins. BTW...he was out. We'll take it.
My dog needs to stop licking his butt. So annoying!
kick him out of your house!
Here we go!!!
A4: sunset beach on Oahu North Shore
Ok here we go time 2 make that move:sn:get money
haha will do:)
Scarlett Jo Hansen and I have the same birthmark on our faces, and the same nose. Its fate. Were sisters.
great! did those in the past as a general consumer and now that we are doing specific projects I will have specific questions
My Pocketzz Look Like Thigh Pads $$$$
Taking a lightning bugs life is unnecessary!!
That silky, satin wig you're wearing >>
yeah, rock band around the New Orleans area
Scary 1st half but pleased w/ our response to going down. Vital to draw level before HT. There for us to win it.
You KNOW that's not what you wanted Peggy!
hello skunk
Do #GOP voters realize that to nominate #Romney is to remove the one big issue of #Obamacare from the table? It's political suicide.
I got married tomorrow.
How can they use a Pogues song in a hockey mom commercial? HOW CAN THEY DO THAT TO ME?
Watching punch drunk love at work
This week is gonna be fun! Time to bring the pain!
Drowning a bream on the Ocklochonee hoping for a Flathead
Donald Trump just said that Ron Paul and Jon Huntsman are 'joke candidates'. Moments later Irony died in the streets from sheer laughter
that's to bad, I hope he is doing good. We are in Leavenworth for Pain Management Conference now.
calling my dad even though i know what he's going to say <3
I thought he was talking about PCIe in general... but maybe he was pointing at Violin ...
that would be AWESOME. Right now, I just hope #PURDUE makes the dance.
The greatest gift you can give another is the purity of your attention.share this Gift - Richard Moss
Warriors take chances. Like everyone else, they fear failing, but they refuse to let fear control them. -Ancient Samurai saying
#womenofinfluence luncheon is marvelous! Congrats to all nominated!
So excited to see Briana stand up to her crazy mom.
Are you doing this weekend?
or both.
someone seems to have searched for "anne narcissistic trubek" I don't know her.
Great day for the Jesuits. Georgetown, Creighton, St. Louis, Xavier all win in #NCAA. #Marquette will win today.
Win a signed ball from NBA legend # GusWilliams join his league today and play fantasyfootball vs a real legend
hey haven't talked to you in a while. oh you realized it's mifflin this weekend? and now i'm you're friend?
#ThingsYouThoughtKonyMeant Hot dog?
David Allen Grier > David Ortiz
dont judge others by your own ignorance,,,,Message of the day.
You can choose to look forward or look backward. But either way, you will go where you are looking.
exactly! Like calm down people!
Unhappu. Screw everything.
Fantastic albeit cold/wet 2 wheeled adventure to Hocking Hills today with & Glad 2 be warm by the fire now
No bees, no honey; no work, no money. Proverbs
I have never seen Mad Men, so Twitter is currently boring the hell out of me. Back to my mag reading.
I followed like you commanded Master! Haha so you should click my follow button! Come on! It's Sexual Wednesday
First Journal Entry due date has been pushed to Monday, June 11. The D2L page is fixed and you may drop your assignments anytime until then.
Let me see what I can find out.
Dinner at Los Tios with
Serena is best...but it would be nice if a player comes along who can give her Competitive matches.
When "Jesus Walks" comes onto my shuffle in the AM it makes me feel like it's going to be a productive day.
Self motivation is a really hard thing to find, but when you find it, it changes your life!
#MonsterEnergy and #Nutella on a giant pretzel. Breakfast of champs
fans should boycott the nba and their sponsors until the fans get a break and a piece of the pie with lower ticket sales
Browsing Twitter = whatever you were doing when you saw my tweet.
Gonna go save some animals! Hope it's not too crazy tonight. Be responsible with your let's people!
I thought Collectively opened a New York office. <collectively should open a new york office>
‘Marvel’s The Avengers’ Top Box Office Record
Life is but a dream.
aye me && Camille Finna finish spittin game on you :D . Ok ?
Survival is not the way to live
I woke up and decided to stop quoting Jay Z, Yeezy, and Drake as much as I do. I wanna start quoting myself from now on :) GM
A benefit of acknowledging and working with an array of clients? "Knowledge is in the end based on acknowledgement." -Ludwig Wittgenstein
You the fuckin' best, you the fuckin' best. The best I ever had.
I usually get the carribean (or is it jamaican?) wild dog w/o onions. I like the relish.
. And, people actually spent time and money to put this law on the books.
Episode 2 of premieres today on IndieFlix! Look for subsequent eps. every Tuesday!
In school... bored:-) but atleast its friday :-)
The Denver Broncos are on the clock again.
Why not watching?
islands of adventure w/ the ugly people.. /:
#nowplaying soul asylum
Waking up to singing. #GOODMORNING <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Cava with my girls. So needing a night with my girls.
Shaving accident. R.I.P. ankle:(
Just spent half an hour in congestion on Bigelow Boulevard for no fucking reason. I'm beyond pissy.
We're excited to have Encore participant Reiss G. shadowing in the office today!
When u don't have Sex like u use to that's all u think about, and right now she looking like fun,Have u ever heard of the chicago preztel;)
No worries. Let's stay in touch. You may want to connect w/ too (we have a contest going on now!)
I think fumigate is the most appropriate
Well, at least i'm pretty good at pretending to be a grownup.
This is a good weekend to watch some youth hockey
good, crazy busy with #theave stuff, you?
Overeem: In January he gave me the vial. He (the Dr.) instructed me to take one shot a week. I injected myself with the second shot.
One, because i am the night and Two, i tried going to sleep two hours ago and im all restless.
Neither was i
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
Hey guise, I'm finally using twitter.
Nobody riots or gets in fights over buing a pair of hand made Cowboy / Cowgirl boots that will last forever if taken care of.
Piña colada @ Leblon Caipirinhas: 8/10 for great flavor. Best on the town but still hard to beat the original. $6.
NEMESYS performing free c sections tonight at Rockstar Lounge! What are you waiting for?
We're joining Pinterest and searching for the best resources! Tweet us a link and we'll check out your boards to follow.
S/o 2 For All The Luv! xO
The dude next to me's poop smells like berries. I ain't even mad bro.
Biggest killer in relationships is the point when the confidence grows out of you and scares the insecurities into your partner
About to get some real bubble tea from the boba station food truck. You have no idea how long I've been looking for decent boba is SoFla.
Well, he is probably ARMED
how are they not undefeated?
Went to the Grove last night!!!!
13 minutes and stoppage to the second-happiest result of the week.
soon...I know how you feel...
Doing research on Nathaniel Adams "King" Cole! Working on understanding him and his music!
Indeed! RT You really do have to love the speed of Span and Gomez in the outfield. Wow -- they cover a lot of ground.
is it me or is it really hott?!??:/
so, ifound out who did it & he gon say some "sorry, i think i took it overboard." -____________- ya think????
“: The new season of #NextIronChef premieres at 9pm|8c! RT if you’re watching.” so excited!!!
your very welcome
idk cuz I still need to like goto the mall&get stuff
#12Days until Better Than Me :D
A 100% chance of rain tonight in D.C.
Tomorrow will be good <3
hey fam, would appreciate the follow back. dope work you're doing!
this new song Not bad
yup his lil sexy ass lbvs
They'll be mad when they see us *shrugs . #TeamUs >>
hahaha am I really!?...
Hmm if I leave now I should be able to get there before they sell out. Need a hair cut, shave, and dig out a uniform :p
Wishes everyone in the US a Happy Thanksgiving for you and your loved ones.
Tracy Marshall!! Left you a crazy vm last night, will follow up with specifics on DM now :-)
lol then they wonder why chicks aint givin it up.
O man if ny had the real beaches like these gorgeous ones in the carribean ill be a happy man
Welp! School tomorrow! night <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Send me to hell or New York City it'd be just the same to me!
DEN is officially my favorite airport.
Ron Simmons
reminded me to calm my bind and body. I have to remember to breathe!
Ok. Really now... Goodnight.
You are to create, not to compete for what is already created. You don't have to take anything from anyone else. -Wattles
so true. but it didn't used to be that way. "Karma Police" was on That's What I Call Music: Vol. 1!
Attention corporate partners, members, and friends! Send us your job postings to share with our network! Eblasts are distributed to members
"I am a universe of atoms, and I am an atom in the universe."
In 1918 it was decided that for new babies, pink was for boys and blue was for girls. In 1940 it changed.
RT : Most workers would favor an increase in contribution to Social Security
Fine, but who will need you to clean up his yucky poos his ENTIRE LIFE?
Good day off?
tried to go without coffee this morning. caved by 10am.
Completing a complete ecosystem around ICT and Political participation with iHub Nairobi. Community building, information sharing
what does McDonald's and racists have to do with each other?
Lol RT when u see a girl that is old enough to look like a streetwalker in her cost she probably shouldn't b going
I'm inside now! :)
Its all about bricks...building the life I want 1 brick at a time. Have 3 things I am doing TODAY to get me closer 2 my dream
This Week!
Find your soulmate, Will.
Hi, you can also email
Happy to be spending the day with my best friend. Don't know where I'd be without her. #HappyMamasday to all the amazing moms out there!
f him
Well then there's no hope for it. You'll have to burn the whole place down and make it look like an accident.
Heck of a pace for that 13.1 miler.
Sorry, but the Tupac hologram is creepy. It's no better than Fred Astaire dancing with a vacuum in a commercial.
We still have unfinished business.
Happy Resurrection Sunday!
Another day to share! to #dance! to #sing! to make someone laugh! Share your talents on www.shastic.com!
i am lol with lucas
The lesson learned from #OKC and #Lakers game last night is you cannot waste possessions, whether it's turnovers or low percentage shots.
i never asked lol. I thought was ur date? Lmao
I think I'm gonna take my daughters to the beach this weekend.
#WhatWould2ChainzSay I'm ridin round in a Bentley, I'm ridin round in a Bentley, I'm ridin round in a Bentley, it ain't mine, but I'm in it.
Started by asking students what they remembered. (Annotated = awesome)
As always, good to see you (and ball w/ you) this morning
Great food and great NYE at thanks
I highly doubt it
I loved 2011: Married Leigha, great times with Playmark, started and finished my book, and began some fun new projects. Excited for 2012.
I would love to do the same ... for st gall manuscripts and for cuneiform objects ... my two big projects right now
Donna Summer is her name
it was kind of amazing to watch the jacket slide away from me, like being sucked by quicksand.
What are some examples of learning apps that deliver on the promise of easy to use and relevant, regularly updated content?
HEY SHANE whats up?
Yep! RT : "snakes have two speeds; dead and wrapped around your neck killing you" ~ Ace cira '99 (loveline) lol
Clear your mind of can’t. -Samuel Johnson
Someone make my day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
thanks 4 following me Facebook like Apriss the model & friend me April lakergirl Bynum
Hi there! oh no prob! Hope ur Monday is going great!
Get score tweets from today's NCAA Tournament game with on
promotion, finding ppl to buy the raffle tickets, getting ppl to attend, & I need photos of me/my work. I need pictures by Weds
Omg my idol, , is following me!
Take the progression....one day at a time....take the success.....right now!!!!!
It's always better to freeze your tomatoes and use them later, that way if you have to peel off the skin it'll be easily done.
we hanging out again soon i hope??
haha, good point!
Please LIAM FOLLOW ME<3
Yes, I love Jesus, He is God's son...I love what he has done for all mankind. God has mercy on this World because of Him.
thanks luv ... if u want to its a free download so feel free to keep it for yaself =) ... do u have facebook ??
May the 4th be with you
omg imagine there is
Lights out Z
I would walk 500 hundred miles and I would walk 500 more, just to be that man who walked 1000 miles just for a U-Swirl
“My tastes are simple: I am easily satisfied with the best.”
Football in #London? The #NFL could go international.
I didn't stutter!!! He makes me gag!
FYI u also stream when u r on break w/o audio nothing major happened ;)
I see your side but don't forget about free will too.
it says i have 899 follwers,lets get one more FOLLOW FOR FOLLOW! THANK U SO MUCH
wesley snipes told U!!! Always bet on Black! LOL
SUNDAY IS MOTHER'S DAY ^_^
Whoops, I meant *months on my last tweet. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
-c- seem like a sweetheart & I'd love to be friends(: love, Elysia <3
chick fil a (:
HULK smash!!! And so did the rest of #TheAvengers. Smashing job Joss Whedon! That was great fun.
come back to LA ! You need to go to the beach down here!
Fat girls in skinny jeans... That's that shit I don't like!
RT : Wow! raised over $335k in 10 days! We couldn't have done it without your help!
You should c the elephant skin belt n matching boots RT: nice pimp suit. J/k roll tide. Miss you guys."
Wat? Why mad
Ha. Sad, but true. Reminds me of a recent experience at the park.
no bar car on this train unfortunately.
Banks are now willing to work with sellers on short sales rather than foreclosure...contact me 4 details..there is CONFIDENTIAL help.
: you were @ Galleria too today? I almost had a meltdown...the place truly is soul-sucking.
knowing your playoff opponents by Dennis Green
#shoutoutto the man you know to follow.
Thanks for following!!
#Birds do not necessarily need cage buddies. Many domestics are social but some become territorial/aggressive. Varies bird to bird.
I spend all day thinking of ways to make money.lol i think i have an addiction
Using Postini is like having my mother screen my emails.
Just up thinking about him..
Just scooped up some brats & polish for tailgating tomorrow at Soldier! WOO HOO!!!
I should so be asleep right now. But I had alott of fun tonight lol ^_^
AAM will b at this pm for event w/12 #Pakistani #women from Amn-o-Nisa coalition against #extremism + of
PRT : Never will forget the 2000 NYY. They lost 15 of their last 18,had team meetings that changed nothing, crawled into...
bo :( was hoping for her to win.
No matter how far you walk, how hard you work, or how bad it hurts, you'll always get to where you need to be. -Unknown Author
Best lunch I've ever had in Garst BBQ salad and peanut butter cupcakes
Nikki's dad just said, Oh daughter your home where's your sister? Lol.
Birthday dinner was awesome[: & My car just came in
just saw a shooting star
Are you digging in your heels about an idea? Is this helping you?
Careful, someone might thing you've become a vegan......
Right on! Twitter's a whole nother animal...
This little kid can bang a drum or two!
Thanks. For some reason, I doubt it was the first, though
Kids vacation = extra morning cardio for Daddy! 1000+ calories burned!!! :)
We are back...!
'Round the same time she fell in love with HIM. Well, that's cool baby girl do your thing... Lucky I ain't have Jay drop him from the team."
I wonder if y'all take Payout Music as seriously as I do.
Today as House committee prepares to markup highway bill, its head Democrat asks who's read it. "I don't see a single hand raised."
“There are no foreign lands. It is the traveler only who is foreign.” – Robert Louis Stevenson
If you people aren't reading these blogs, you're crazy. Stay tuned...next tweet.
Um we just made terrible popcorn to go with that terrible movie. What a failure all around.
If I could marry I willy wonka would.
amazing ! i really wanna go back ;(
wish i had to work today
So cute!!!
Lana Del Ray on snl lololol.... What are you doing?
One of the great moments in sports and this match ain't even over
Yes - definitely!!
I am a fan because is a true role model and is truly talented she loves and appreciates her fans is totally beautiful #P ...
you and me both... Remind me never to think going to NYC for a day is a good idea
his time. This is why he wouldn't touch her:
Today was great! Sat behind frankie jonas & 's girlfriend, delta goodrem, during hairspray. Talk about nice people (:
Who gets to decide which opinions a 'loathsome garbage' and which aren't?
Thanks MKE for such a great lunch crowd today! What are you thankful for today?
Unlock via HTCdev.com NAO...or wait for true S-OFF? What's a girl to do?
thank u 4 the RT. U should c sum of the phones we have. Man phones have come a long way LOL what was ur 1st phone?
man kod was iRate last year...
Pittsburgh Cares is leading many of its agency partners once again in Global Youth Service Days from April 15 through April 22. More than...
Sometimes I forget that people really think I'm and my RT's get their hopes up. Sorry everyone!
and with you Civil Wars # 8 in iTunes Right now For ;60 spot, amazing!!!
shit just swipe her shit and you ret to go
is that sexual
i'm good just a little tired.
We've had a lot of luck with Facebook ads, but I truly think our Twitter advertising paid off even more.
Courage see me threw. Heart I'm trusting you.
ive been chasing something that hasnt even been available -_- <-- my face after i founded out
im living on coffee and monsters. healthy of me.
Finally saw the movie I wanted to see ;-)
you had a producer?on friday night documentary? i forget name, please help ? thanks
Congrats and warm wishes to all our fellow nominees for & tonight.
hello girls!! check out blog.. great article on how to deal with a HANGOVER!!! we all need to read that one.. Happy New Year
then we`re going to Rainbow Springs laterr
I'm Not A Fucking Role Model
i love #Modeling !
The O-Dog looking more like NO-Dog
Just about to start my #asja panel on #beauty and #health markets with and excited!
Google+.... Hm, an escape route from Facebook?? Finally?
"Incompetence has no barriers of time or place" - where can you do your BEST work today?
Help us plan our events and programs for 2012. What would YOU love to see at the Barrick? Looking forward to hearing your ideas...
The National Weather Service has lots of data available to download in KMZ/KML formats.
RT “: « Im tired of smoking with broke people.»”
LAUREN in the HOUSE!
so cute - maybe he thinks it's silly putty-hope that stash doesn't get eaten.
It is pouring outside. Thrilled it is not distribution day.
Go to the new OccupyWashingtonDC page to learn about the teach-n this week with a delegation of occupiers from Okinawa, Japan.
omg, we've been friends since like janruary.(idk how to spell that and apparently autocorrect doesnt either..) JUST SAYIN
me too
Meadow Batch Notes #90665: “This blend is too relaxed for its own good.” –Elizabeth. “Joe is too relaxed for his own good.”- Steve
You are an asset! If I could send you a kitten via twitter, I would. (As an aside his name would be Maurice.)
We're a band from San Diego, CA. You should check out our music, I thought you might like us!
It about TIME, yall grind Grizz
Sometimes, I just wanna slit your throat open and take your voicebox out that way you'll never talk again. Yep, I said it.
thanks for the kind words -Steve
The Little Gym is not an activity, it is an imperative! Give your children the advantage.
Have you ever read "The Lord of the Flies"?
Got Ethiopian tchembe n2 and Kenya on pourover at north Hollywood farmers market.. Stop by!
Am I the only one who LOVES the addition of Heather? New fave housewife!
Once I make my first million, Imma have Louis Vuitton EVERYTHING!
Dude did you make it over yet and more important did you get your coupon?
What do you mean? This is #peakproductivity hours for #gradstudents!
That made me smile ear to ear :) I'm so glad you like it! Hopefully I can do this full time soon and find even better stuff!!
Yeah baby!
Thanks for the Fantastic Hair Cut!! Looks Great! Will Recommend you to everyone we know!!!
Hiccups are going to kill me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I think that Suzanne Collins should rewrite the Hunger Games trilogy from Peeta's point of view. I'd love to see how she'd do that!!!
Chicken in the box.
That's cool, directing is a pretty big undertaking. But again, so is a novel... I couldn't write one, so it's cool you are.
thanks for the follow Will!!!!! about time ;) Hope to see you soon :)
Thanks for the compliment looking forward for the next event.
rack city bitch
We'd love 2 send them ur way, but trying 2 keep them in the heart of dtwn since they'll be walking.U know we love ur venue!
Nice to flip to someone's profile page and see Hagler. Cheers.
": #Nuggets burn out the #Suns 105-99 oh and the #Rockies won too. Today was a good day."
Thanks for the follow man!!!
Happy birthday to the incredible Nancy Wilson!
Will "Agile for government is hard. There is a lot of rules, stratification and standards. We managed to make this work with Agile."
Hey lady how are you?
Damn I want some sushi hell Chinese food period
o lovely. What flea mkt?
what I'm saying is they dont like each other and egos might get in the way of the outcome of the match? U think?
with half-intel since 12/11. No retractions, just "it was a technicality".That's BS, & continued assertions of guilt w/o merit.
My childish self really trying to see this clown.
I don't think so... its right on state street (70th st). No signs so curious!
WFM, Costco, Trader Joes.
Oh my. It's almost 4:30 pm here and I just woke up. Forget "night owl"... I'm pretty much a bat.
I can only get to this help center and sent these tweets through this support screen
So Lamborghini is working on another SUV.
": Here we go again! ": Nerlens Noel picks Kentucky""
I'm not here....the sky is my alibi
good morning jennifer happy wednesday
Apparently I called some chick from tri delt a rug muncher bc she was wearing a sweater vest
If Jesus has to suffer for our sins, does he at least get the pleasure of the sin too? I'm asking you, religious folk.
Gettin' some Dove soap up in this bitch.. !
You bet. Have fun at Titanic 3D! I hear they have a great IMAX movie theatre in Wichita. LOL! :)
Yes! 40 followers! And our next tweet is our 200th! Yay!
is this the real Rayray ? :)
Darcel, Laura, Mady, & Michelle on bar this morning. Let them start ur day right with the perfect Latte made with lots of heart.
Raining out here like crazy.
don't judgee.
do you know of anyone doing an analysis of the most common reasons for NPs who lost their npo status?
miss you! did you talk to the coach yet mister?!
you should do kickboxing. It's super fun!
THE MIRROR DOE'S NOT LIE
If the good die young, what am I still doing here?
I know now.
thanks! We had fun talking derby with you
What position do u play?
you gotta follow me back for two correct but late answers bro!
exactly, so "fetch" it is! ; ) see you at the end of May!
true but it doesnt have to be that way
omg ill gross. I see this way too much :0(
Because of it´s lively sound, the Caxixi was originally used to call forth the presence of the enchanted spirits and also to scare all...
a little rain never hurt anyone--stop by for #happyhour--$2 peroni, $3 house wines, $4 frigos--see u at 5!
he says he "plays" basketball in school but I gotta see it to believe it lol
added, whenever you're ready. :)
I would go into withdrawals if I could only go once a monthLOL. I go like twice a week >.<
Yoooooo bet or no bet B?! Don't get soft now!
I used to be obsessed with both drake's and chris brown's version of Marvin's room , used to hear it everyday.
KLUSOZ TONIGHT LADIES & GENTS!!! TIME TO GET UR WEEKEND STARTED RIGHT!! IT'S GOIN DIZZOWN BABY!!!
You need to be yourself!
i definitelly agree. i own the trademark
hey what u doin? :)
I'm gonna need some friends to draw inside my "Wreck this Journal" book soon.
We'll have photos from this morning a little later in the afternoon. Stay tuned!
Day tripping west today, I'll be on LA by sunset to see my best guy and sit on our 17 acres.
watch... you'll release this new jailbreak and apple will release a upgrade in a few hours or days lol
labs are my favorite but at my parent they were outside dogs, truman is inside so no shedding is nice.
I am from the old country Tehran Iran!!! Iran number 1. Iran Number 1 #WWF Legend
Ha when gabriel flattered himself and thought i was talking about him get over urself already Lol
UH.... na, but thanks! NO the 1st time Id rather not try again.I really did wana learn the techniques Ive always been interested
Al Horford needs to remember who he is. This game is great tho
“: Every guy seems the same smh” We are all the same. Expect me of course.
Hello thanks for following me.
hi. can u pls tell steve sands that jesper parnevik often goes sans hat? thankyouverymuch
Did you know..the higher the altitude, the longer it takes tea to mature on the bush, the lower the yield, and higher the quality.
Love is the master key which opens the gates of happiness. Oliver Wendell Holmes
Do it now my man! You cannot wait!
sounds very New York
that's make me happy :) can you re-follow me, darling? <U+2665>
you don't even remember going over there do how would you kno lol
Brian Dawkins' career is over. Now it's time to admire his accomplishments. What was your favorite Dawk play of all-time?
I am looking to speak with businesses that are reviewing their telecoms, would like bespoke pricing along with outstanding customer service!
to your not dead?
Ur not watching WM28? paid u for no reason last year & now u dont even watch? Ur a waste of time :)
Haha! If they don't they should.
**correction: I have only 3 days....
depends on who's doing the searching. ;)
So apparently Lily is in the final stages of labor but her contractions are too far apart to be admitted to the hospital?
So much work
Idk who to go for against clippers and spurs? This is hard!
13 days left of school.
The Pacers will give the Heat all they can handle in this series. I don't know if anyone can stop Hibbert.
got my wheat thins today at target and they are so good yum
#HappyMothersDay To All The Moms In The World And *My Mom Mary Shelton* Without U All We Would'nt Be Here 2-Day
Fast? Should have been completed years ago.
Surgery CAN be avoided. There is always hope, and alternatives should be looked at first. You will be glad you did.
Got some Modjo- Lady to start the morning drive <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
contact if I can be of any help (now)?? #fucknypd Jesus, so sorry!!
Big bang theory night yes.
S/O to all the mongos doing summer lmao
Seriously!!! Do it!!! Haha feeling the record my dude
that MacBook air..
Editing away
holy shit i can hear all the christains bitchin right now cuz of the #blackjesus song
12 Days of Red Dresses — #1: Couture The Vampire Diaries may be a hit show, but aside from her popularity with the tween set, Nina Dobrev
#OscarTweet glad to see #Bridesmaids is being recognised at the #Oscars this year. #GoBridesmaids!
After two days, I finally put the bassinet up! Abt to go get some lavender sheets and more sandals for her outfits. Anyday now
i totally in agreement its snozze city they don't get including him
Between and 's posts how am I supossed to see straight while laughing my head off and fanning myself!!!!!!!
Thank you 2 everyone who has hung in there w/ your support for the 36 Percent Project. I'm working on the relaunch of a brand new site (1/2)
#ThingsIDislike wanting someone back
A race to watch: The Republicans' plan to trash Medicare could win it for Dems in disgraced Republican Chris Lees' former US House Dist
#3morewords Trade it all!!!!!!!!
Deadmau5 creeps me out
Come join The Big Blue Nation. This class could get scary good.
Vote for Robbie Macioce to be streaming live in your home area? Private Concerts are now for sale $25.00 for 1 hour!!
New version of Qponomics available now. Download the free app for faster performance and increased functionality, and of course... Save $$!
I'm highly pissed right now<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
sent another package yesterday...should be there tomorrow, sat at latest!
#BandNamesReplacedWithDwight: or Dwight Eyes.
Did "boo-yah" start with Cypress Hill? Also, can we be done with that? It's pretty stupid.
#f29 will play in #Peoria with #CAT in mind.... Links coming soon!
having fun
follow me please:D
Entrepreneurship can get dark and lonely but the light that shines from you may inspire others to achieve greatness. Stay focused!
i dont care if you drink! your still my role model! just cause someone does something you dont like doesn;t mean anything.. :)
#letsdoit Sunday? RT : We can climb up in your tree and go grass roots girl : now I want to go back to Belize even more
We hope to have some pictures of Dwain T. Pipe's debut on the video board from Arizona Stadium soon. It was a great success!
Im happy verry happy :D
Absolutely the #truth! #supportindiefilm re: Seriously, it's where the fun is.
How' s Dog getting in?
Howard University Design for Advertising I - #Branding and #Visual Identity formal critique - Schedule change: Thurs. Nov 18 at 4:30pm
well thank you for tht wonderful news-_-
RT - My favorite psych assessor and I are both Jacksonville #JAGUARS fans!!! We always talk about how the team is doing
Off to pick up the dvd from the Audelco Awards. I have to go through the entire cermony and apply the names. Im getting there people! Lol
Us ladies over think So much men need to understand that but ladies WE do need to relax
Coming up on the show....WIAA executive director Dave Anderson and on FM 100.5 ESPN
A new reason to tweet Jeremy Lin it's so electrifying in nyc w linsanity all around need a Lin jersey
CKB nominated with his former asst Andrew for LD. And Andrew wins. We are so proud.
are you in the Portland area? Or - are you part of an awareness campaign coming here?
Maternity call out fulfilled. Thank you to those who replied!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>there is some1 always watching. N telling u ( damn you a fat ass ) that's just for me tho.
I hate having to choice sides on a relationship!!! My friends give me headaches!!! :(
Sixers are for the fans of the band, "You Me At Six" :)
so excited that you're coming to IIT. And congratulations on defending the diss!
study reports #CMS accepts AMA recommendations on reimbursement rates 87.4% of the time. #WolfInChargeOfTheHenHouse?
I would enjoy it but the NHL would not be able to capitalize on it. They have had chances before and blew them all Freddie
yeah i know what you mean. Things take time and dont happen overnight! Your a beautiful young woman and you can do anything! Mhmm
Juan got a haircut So I shall go even shorter
*ding* Exactly. Between no compelling software and it being too expensive, Sony's in a hard spot.
Occupy Wall Street NYC is being shut. Down right now
So. Jealous. Saw The Arctic Monkeys last year; they're pretty great too!
hahahah sounds terrific lol :P whatever you do is going to be 100% better that what I'm doing
The Brady Street episode is on tonight at 8:15 on MPTV 10. We appreciate the feedback!
I wrote it in the wrong tense l0l but you're welcome!
This is how we chill from 93 till... Dial the 7 digits call up bridget her man's a midget I got 40's in the cooler can u digg it?
yep! Im so pumped! Should be around Christmas! I hope to be half the uncle those guys on full house are!
Sitting in my car 100 feet from my office, waiting for rain to die down enough for me to make a run for it!
Its on of those moments where you know you can do something but that ONE mistake can ruin it for everyone. #PrayHard :)
Oh....now it's okay you're over it
YA OKAY FUCKER SAY IT TO MY FACE I'LL FIGHT YOU <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
#everydayithinkabout how Hipster is just another name for dudes who cant throw a football
ur amazing and I can't believe u r finally 14!! Ur an amazing friend n want to wish u an amazing bday!!!! U r just incredible
I'll be the first to admit that I don't like talkin to people about my feelings but it is nice once in a while to have someone listen to you
Emailed w/ about it RT : You should come to the book launch party on Monday!
25 games if it doesn't end during playoffs continues to next season and has to miss preseason which doesn't count towards the 25
I'm exhausted just watching this game.
Why when a package oa delivered by car its called a shipment but when it goes by sea its called cargo...
Thank you, I did have a nice weekend. And I needed it!:) I hopr you have a great week !
i need a nap
Not even in a biopic about a British Prime Minister can we have a movie about a female that doesn't have a makeover montage.
Thanks, I know about the official site. I was wondering how quick the other ones were, though.
- I'm stalking you baby! Haha!
somehow obama talking about the budget crisis is a nice break from hearing ashley's voice.
ready for your friday lunch??Mangia mangia will be serving @ the corner of Kettner and Kalmia from 11:30 to 1:30 in Little Italy!
yall should've swept them if they sucked that bad
really???? grrrr my phone is al the way downstairs :/
I love Luna...so weirdly insightful and empathetic.
Whitley....is that U ?
moving to antioch lol what is my life
"I'm getting pretty discouraged with Angry Bird." So take a break. "I think I will, plus my arm hurts"
Lol the millionaires have a song with riff Raff, just for that I'm totally gonna download their tape
Holy shit I forgot to watch dance moms
Just popped open the Two Buck Chuck in honor of this glorious occasion!! A first principal contract is a huge milestone :)
I'm looking for a new song writer after i fired my last one
I need all the supporters to contribute to this site. Thank you.
With the odds being about 1 in 175,711,536, you could argue you get about a $3 value if you get a $1 ticket this week.
What is #BikeWeek? Why just one? The Militant has 52 of them every year!
How many thousands of innocents has America killed in its history? How many more will we? Grieve if you must, but don't be naive.
yea dirk Nowitzki a close second
I agree
You got a point. #RogerSterling & #DonDraper are like Blue Bonnet...everything's better with them on it.
Packing up to go home -- what a whirlwind of a week, #CloudFairSeattle was a success!
SAW OR Final Destination. Final destination! Saw makes me sick
What's cooking for dinner tonight? Anything German on the menu?
up, up, in the way?
lol he got another thing coming
Apparently so!! Belcher wins in first round after escaping against the signature Palhares heel hook. WOW! Vicious G&P
RT : "Hey Everybody! We're all gonna get laid!"
salute you, T.I.P Soulja Slim
So the good girls go for the bad guys? and the good guys go for the girls who use them? ...I can never win.
you should check out all the new great thing we r doin here! kereoke wens. thurs. flash back fri. and grown/sexy sat. gr8t ppl, music,drnks
God doesn't just exist in times of sorrow, but everyday 24/7.
Hey you , you , YOU , yes you , hey , your beautiful <3 -Jordan Blaze <3
"did YOU hang up these elephants?"
Whoa RT : I asked Spo if last play was designed for Chalmers? He said, "Could be. He was one of the first or second options."
Today: RT : Want to meet the 2012 Flying Squirrels? Come to the ballpark @ 3pm for an autograph session/team workout (4-6pm)
Why do they ALWAYS say they're not high? Smh at these weedheads, pray for them. No, you have to. It's almost Easter. It's in bible, go check
bout to slap da bar tender,he scared thn a bitch,even security sed leav him alone plz..lol...slap yo self bitch
Falling in Love Crunch?
funny - i did have mcdonalds frappe in my hand.
hey were u going out with my bro
Yes! (as in the band, not a declaration of excitement). Although to clarify, I am excited about this.
your gonna love the outfits for the "dance".(:
very nice!!
eating pop corn and watching the voice
Only time can heal a heart
when u goin on break
Music Though.
Yes. Everything else will go perfectly. Good luck!
Yes, this occurred due to an algorithm change and the maps team is on it :) Thanks for letting us know though!!!
Use #1 for Text Marketing - text coupons, specials and discounts sent to an opt-in list. 10%-30% redemption rate.
Studio Update: Our "Break the Ice" EP is finished being remastered. We will have it up for you guys tomorrow! Spread the word. RT
My bra is Iron Sprite Tyson an I'm Bohammed Alleen
S/O to the for the follow :)
I've had this feeling several time recently. Oh academia!
We have to STOP, LOOK, LISTEN, WAKE UP, and BE ABOUT IT!
Happy News to everyone!
it was the " ironic" comment. Don't cha think.... Alanis Morrissette.
What do you do when you're feeling blue?
Take your pick...Giants Or Patriots?
Cheese is the telos of milk.
You know, I have often wondered if there were horses that shot gifts out of their mouths, and looking in put you in harm's way.
I'm not, you would make fun of me if you knew what I was doing.
Oh I misread. I am sorry your medical problems have slowed you. :( Have you tried online courses? Sometimes cheaper, too
This is Kobe's worst Game 7 since his last Game 7.
I bet it get's old, especially this time of year!
STREET LIFE
--> sorry for your loss. I am quite happy about the outcome. Cardinals = eleven time World Series champions.
4 reminders / day to use your camera. Find a Samantha Stevens and shoot that spell casting nose-twitching gorgeous witch.
Hapuna Beach -- white sand for a half mile on the island known for its black sand beaches.
That said, beer is on me whenever you're in Portland, OR.
The good ones are never easy and the easy ones are never good. And love never happens like you really think it should.
stop being difficult and email me some- :>
Oops, did I leave out the 4 star kids in the #OhioState class from New Jersey & Missouri too? Well, just pile them on this sick class.
Twitter is the best place to observe a person...lol u ain't bout what u be talking bout..Glad I dodged that bullet.<<<<<< whew
that's what champions like us do! Much love
At my daughter school observing these kids are wild smh!!!!!!
RT : What exactly did people do at conferences before there were smartphones?
school went good i was like a a little baby to everyone even the teachers
Nope :D
I hate how everything comes up different on the YouTube app and it's always wrong
Dis sum ugly ass people in this Skool
Drinking 's Don Pachi Panama Geisha. One of the better coffees I've had in a while.
Stayed up to watch that Buccos game, only the be disappointed by a blind ump #Jerry Meals ... What was that?
I was just in a conversation where I didn't say much, and the other people who were talking sounded like Charlie Brown's teacher :P LOL!
": When you do things in the right time, in the right season and with the right purpose — God will surely bless you!"
If the caption for you profile picture is "Ewww, This is so ugly, Gross" you have serious issues. #Attention Whores
Good morning!
AMBER ALERT IN OSHAWA, WI - 3 YEAR OLD GIRL TAKEN BY MAN DRIVING NEWER SILVER TRUCK Ontario PLATE # 72B 381 ... If all of you reading my ...
Inbox Me Question For & Answer <3 (Ask Me Anything)
Not sure why it took me so long to realize how awesome ping pong would be on the moon.
Really excited for the clinic this Saturday, it is going to be a great event. We hope to be seeing you in Franklin Street Gym.
If you think I'm crazy it's because you never really listened to what I had to say you just heard what you wanted to hear from my statements
Monday at work is making up for the relatively easy Friday I had. Argh.
frappe and homework
The 214 is ready to jarty
may being (actually) 21 in chicago this year bring me lots of new learning experiences.
130 League of Professional Women meeting tinite at to hear about Bible-based Principles of Networking!
by "the ville," do you mean Saltville? :)
is finally beginning to be happy with this outline.
Dunno how I feel about the new Zooey d show; it was really funny, but the premise is still garbage...
Pat Riley on the big screen here brings BBN to their feet
Do You think About Me?
our character, mold our own health, well being..savy?
Miss you too! But we'll be seeing you soon for the spring record! Wedding is Sept 22... so far away, yet so close!
Thanks for the RT Anne!
I don't think I'm ready
The fact that Nickelodeon has been pouring green slime on people for like 30 years is pretty great.
Rosies is the best bartender ever!
Great article! I work for a non-profit organization and this is so true.
Just had a Mcdonalds latte. Not as bad as it sounds :).
WHY DIDN'T RAMON SESSIONS WIN ROY? I DEMAND A RECOUNT.
It isn't everyday that my daughter poops all over the front of my t-shirt...but it happens more often than I'd expect...
Which dumb ass teacher gives homework over break?
it's a true story. Lol
I like the "C8tes"!
To paraphrase Iago (from Alladin): I think I'm going to die of NOT-surprise. 's L2 is not running according to schedule.
Really? Really? Yes, really!
thanks for your support! Would love to chat more about our success
do I have to work at one or volunteer ok?
When life hands you lemons you say fuck the lemons and bail.
What a computer that sings??? ADELLE!!!!
John Palfrey: metadata iis the special sauce of libraryland
thanks! I am thinking NRDHRD3 :)
It's that time of year - Some big #Indy shows on sale this wk for including
ya if u don't insurance that cover water damage!
thank you!
You guys have a fantastic weblog planning right here, KIU!
I know it's super early in the morning and maybe 3 people will see this, but THANK YOU to the 1,000 + people who are supporting us!
So great to see you this morning, Nancy! Enjoy the day and hope to see you at the next !
We Need a lovely, energetic female this Saturday in Baton Rouge, LA from 12:30-4:30. Email ASAP if you can work!
Haven't reserved a table for Vday yet? Don't worry we've got room 4 course dinner w/ a btl of champagne only $100/couple...
No matter the country/culture people all want same things
Oh were good bruh. I'm about to start looking for a house though I can't do this apartment shit..
"ANOTHER DAY ANOTHER DOLLAR"
as of today, I'm giving up refine sugars (except 4 the occasional champagne or cognac) for 3 months
Carson Palmer to the Raiders??? Stay tuned.....
Can't watch survivor tonight ; (
Yay, Grammy time!
i love justin bieber
I like , for #servicedesign -- not all exclusively SD but have rich perspectives
wow - it's heating up in tandem with this weather!
Let's go Irish! Make this night complete :)
alriteeeee i gotchu on this one.
Your welcome! Happy Friday! :)
"Beethoven. So nasty."
The Weather Channel did a GREAT job reporting the hurricane! I was glued to it for 3 days (when we had power). Hats off TWC!! Brave souls...
The class of Dan Hicks comes out again. Way to call out the crowd who razzed Kevin Na. No place in golf for fans like that.
ONLY IF I COYLD FAST FOWARD THE TIME :(
Cause when the sun sets baby, on the avenue I get that drumset feeling, yeah when I'm with you.
sounds like a Q for MT is there a rule for how compound words are born? verdict on "user name" vs "username"?
I'm so thankful to be a New Yorker. I love this city, it's people, it's heart and it's soul. It's truly the OZ I always imaged as a kid.
Laura Veirs today!!!!! Come out and have some fun with Artist Home and us. 10:30am $10 at the door.
I believe you'll need to go to Twitter to see older tweets. That's why columns r so impt.
Oh no! I'm sorry guys :( cc
most candy is better frozen anyway...
where at?
Good Morning SL Nation! Tune in to SL TV online and Indiana Comcast 81 today at 2p for vs.
Gentleman just brought a used needle to customer service while I stood in line.
you already know!
It's my favorite! Thanks for the RT! Happy
sounds like a Tuesday night at Barsies
Whew! Passed my test this morning--Adult Pre-Bronze Freestyle. Thanks to my coach, Jacques, and my skating pals!
sandwich planning, grocery shopping, and food prepping is pretty much all I did yesterday!
and fat too
Damn, now I smell like Subway.
The patio is my office today...emails, technical reading, getting ready for the week.
Some people think that "Swag" is the definition of fashion. Those people are plain stupid.
is winding down before bed
RT : Help help the ! This month, by a Valentine toffee box, and proceeds fight hunger!
peep my producer 's new beat tape, called #freemyself . I did the cover art while we were on tour. Fire! www.o-dmusic.com
follow me
Can't wait for Saturday!!
OMG!! CHECK YOUR FREAKIN MENTIONS!!... LIKE NOW!!! I'M SO FREAKIN' JELLY! :D <3
So was that first tweet
Bbw, porn is so overrated... I need, to see the pussy!!
Attempting to sleep...
Capital One has made the 2012 DiversityInc Top 50 Companies for Diversity list! In addition, DiversityInc named COF #9 for LGBT Employees.
Twitter can we do it #onetimeforlove ??????? How about it click that follow button and get at #realrnb -->
conditions considered by FDA are Asthma, Diabetes, High blood pressure, High cholesterol & Migraines. seam reasonable?
Anyone from Seattle stuck in Dallas this a-m or were U there 2 witness #Dallas #Tornado s ? Gimme a call if you're up 4 talkin' 206.404.4145
Leaving this 85 degree weather to go back to winter in Wisconsin will be difficult
NEED $$$? I sometimes subcontract out click-able ads, video editing, basic graphics, site building etc. PLZ RE-TWEET :)
oh no surely not! I think this needs explained now...
Congrats! When's the celebration party?
Not in a good mood at all! So gonna listen to and then go to sleep
Come celebrate opening day at the Scene starting at 11am! We will have $10 buckets, $3 Redleg shots and $1 hotdogs all day!
You don't know who you fuckinggg with
My mother started as a single mother and work two jobs to provide for me.
#familyguy japan! they kill things that we like! haha gotta love family guy
Shelly PLEASE DONATE! (did it work?)
fuckin eyelash glue in my eye..
How can I resist that? <3
Pinterest just reminded me, I could have had my michael kors watch and purse-if I hadn't been nice
This PowerPoint<<<<
weird you didn't go with All the Sad Young Literary Mad Men
Anyone else ever wake up feeling like Barney Rubble and Barney Bubbles did a Mexican hat-dance on your brain? Me TOO.
(facebook got wacky, sorry for the repeat-posts.) :-/
RT : "#Artists are like taxes. Everybody wants the services they provide, but nobody wants to pay them." -via
Important things first, naturally.
Currently reading "Heist Society" by Ally Carter. Fast paced, decent twists and a unique niche for the hero. So far, I say 4 out of 5 stars.
And if only the Rangers could start scoring for the team!
Playing with Pinterest for clients=a very happy DanceFit Marketing team!!
Is it happy hour yet?
But don't want to come off as a careless one either...
thanks you too! I'm feeling much better. Just needed lots of rest
how do u get tumblr som1 tell me
#ohwell must be an x gener thing
Valerie Holstein: "If you don't have customer service, you don't have anything."
I have a lot Of movies to watch now
I think perhaps I went to school with Donna
RT : #Twitter: a great way to get intel on what your elected officials like and care about.
Hahah Tim Dillard from the crew is hilarious ripping kurkijan. Another character for the brewers
The unrestrained excitement in my 13yo daughter's voice when she found out there is a comic book store 5 mins from our house.
Our pleasure! Great to connect.
IVE NOTICED PPL DISLIKE IN OTHERS WHAT THEY DON'T SEE IN THEMSELFS WE ALL MIRRORS!
love that place. So Pittsburgh.
What good is a mobile app if it keeps crashing?
Bye bye!
Yes it is<3 you should come sometime lol :] how old are you?
hey what u up to today? isnt it like 3 out ther?
I am being so inspired by powerful women entrepreneurs taking their lives into their own hands, and creating their destiny and business.
Onerous IRS laws and regulations are causing CPA's to leave the profession in droves. Small businesses will be adversely affected.
thats captain corny to you
skeet sketin on bitches
About to check it out now.
My day is made - is returning next season. However I'll miss you :-/
We're printing more issues! Would you like West Coaster at your craft beer business? Do you have a spot we should distribute to? Just ask!
Wait WTF!?! is out of the race!?!? Wish I would've gotten WAAAAAYYY in advance notice. Geez.
I am at the 9th annual Action Research conference at
academy wasn't letting people who had been late to class a lot go, unless they made up the hours :/
it's called drugs
Nope, not bad at all. It's great actually =)
Also lets get those like and follow numbers up!!! Tell all your friends to go like our page!!!!! :]
The Caps have weird numbers... getting there too...
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!101
Perfect day for some 2Pac and Biggie
wicked excited for 's special on tonight!
First session at #CILDC Challenges in content mgmt
Are you looking for a laugh? Go watch "Super Troopers." Such a funny movie!
Twitter is where i vent
where are you rocinante
Join us in the Lilly Auditorium on June 10 @ 3pm for Multiple Genders: Mind and Body in Conflict: A film showing and discussion
The City Sleeps & I Walk Alone.
Gov. Martinez says she's "deeply troubled by Commissioner Wiener's pattern of behavior." Gov backs primary opponent Lonnie Talbert
if you have to ask if you need to make a copy, assume that you do. SMH. CYA people, CYA LMAO
I'll eventually get over it.
Racing against two of the 15 fastest milers in the country tonight? Lets do it!
RT : Who's going to the winter #fancyfoodshow ?? We'll be with at booth 1188. Free sampler bottles!
It's about to be a sick summer !!
Capitalism is a huge snowball in motion... it seems impossible to divert it to a higher road. The 1% just can;t do the right thing.
Introductions by Dean Carol Lancaster - also a former deputy administrator for
Foods cooked, the dip is done, Pizza's ordered. GO PATRIOTS!
I LOVE ALL TIME LOW
RT : A small glass of 100% grape juice + ww crackers with low-fat cheese. Yum! RT : What’s your favorite healthy snack?
"Let me baptize you"-Rube Sheeber
Dex: I just read an article on the dangers of heavy drinking... scared the hell out of me. So thats it, after today... no more reading.
<U+266C>New Music Coming May 29th from Follow today!<U+266C>
9. Going green. College communities tend to be more progressive about environmental causes and concerns, so going green may be easier.
I'm a #gringa . Who's with me ?
Links Re up on www.watchnhllive.com go register and watch all your hockey games no matter were you live check us out and enjoy the games!!!!
Sometimes the best gain is to lose.
Regular schmo running on 89 octane, wanting to put miss southern belle in a 65 stang convertible runnin 104 ya feel me NKOTB?1 show 1st row?
Did not intend to start David Chang's The Color of the Land today, but wow! It's fantastic.
Dude she just called you fat....... Oh hell no...... Roll me over there."
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. - Franklin P. Jones
Holy crap! A cute blonde from San Fran is following me on twitter and I just signed up like 2 minutes ago! Nice!
Thanks for the follow. I sure hope you don't drive a Leaf.
you know it dude!
Thousand graces ian :)
can i get the recipe to that dish your mom made when i came over?? It was amazing! :-D <3
I almost bought one of those and choked at the last minute and bought my Ford Focus... The mom mobile of subcompacts.
Cafe Du Soleil in NYC and Woody's Burgers in Palm Springs have joined the Diversity Platinum Rewards Affiliates list! Do you have your card?
Informal Twitter poll: Is it time to put away the Easter decorations or should I wait till, like, the Fourth of July?
Am I the only one that believes Blackmon's "upper thigh infection" is actually raging herpes??
Iberdrola SA's U.S. subsidiary, Iberdrola Renewables LLC, has scrapped plans for an Oregon #wind farm, a spokesman said Yesterday.
i need some new delivery salesmen. the folks i got now act like they don't wanna make money at 2-3 am.
The only good thing about doing mindless bibliographic entry is that it gives me a chance to catch up on my podcasts.
Protect her, fight for her, kiss her, love her, hold her, laugh with her. BUT don't make her fall if you don't plan to catch her.
Dam they going ham on Blake on Wikipedia hahaha
I'm seeking training opps for disability awareness as part of corp. I/D initiatives. 5% of S&P500 act on incl. China-sized market worth $8T.
I've done the same with song lyrics. Like even if it is barely wrong. Can't do it. They'll think I'm the idiot.
RT“ My Parents Can Be So Ugh <<<”
thank you 4 advice & perspective! From your bio it sounds like you have had an interesting career. I hear what you're saying.
One of your videos in the Carl Sagan series has been blocked due to copyright, the Frailty of Knowledge one.
C-ville vs Austin tonight!!!!!!!!!
Want to set up some time to chat? We'd love to hear what you think.
omg who thinks would be a good name?;D
Pleasure meeting you in Manhattan!
"never mind i'll find someone like you"-adele someone like you...i love tht song!<3
Good morning friends we are here from 8am-1pm. Lots of great produce, crafts, eats, etc.
i'll give some tongue action lol
vas a venir a la fiesta de perry :33??
I wanna get you by yourself , yeah have you to myself :)
Yes boys have cooties. That is all. ;)
I know, I was a little lazy last week! Thanks for the RT, Nancy!
. is winning #architectvalentines: "Hey girl, let's make like Gehry's design process and crumple some sheets."
Hey bro Chalmers taking that shot remind me of dude from the army takin the fight for his nigga <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
It's sad when the main thing you're looking forward to all day is the library being open till 3am.
When I hear people talking shit about I just think to my self on how much money she gets.
Rain rain rain. Cant wait for tomorrow!
iphone/ipad successfully upgraded #ios5 now updating lion, etc
Down 1 at the half...but hey, we like the 2nd half better anyways! Let's go CATS!
I'm confused, that person said they switched to PC because of all these viruses he was getting on his Mac?
we do have to do a twitter pitch
I usually don't state my opinion but that girl needs a reality check & not the one she's getting from her new reality show
Not sure if ur a #capitalist or #socialist? Watch #atlasshrugged depending if u get it, ur a capitalist. If u don't ur not.
Sittin Here Writing Some Good Ass Lyrics
"Train a child in the way he should go, an when he is old he will not turn from it." - Proverbs 22:6
hahaha okay ur squid den wins but you gotta start puttin some squid accesories in there it looks empty as fuuuck lol
Crowd yelling "NO!!!" when Tony Allen was about to take a 3. Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!
I would agree! They sure did!
Thank you for following
Lots of local groups this morning - just saw Center Grove and Ben Davis; getting ready for Lawrence Central to take the field.
John who
Drama is so different now.
What's your favorite dance craze? We gotta practice our moves before the weekend! ;)
Hey guys, if you want to keep up with me, follow me or my website CrazytilltheEnd.com!
its nice to know that some people really don't have hearts....no matter how much you try and find one.
thanks bill :)
What social structure exists in female prisons?
ok feel better :)
i'm surprised how many empty seats there still us 8 mins to tip off
Wahoowa! Class of 2007, it's just over 100 days until our 5-yr reunion! Register now for the first weekend in June: virginiareunions.com
And on top of that, I need surgery for my wrist
Getting the skinny on NCSU's new Hunt Library and the Learning Space Toolkit
Shop and get paid!!! Win prizes!!! LUCKeSHOPPER Rewards our clients to shop! Coming 2011!!!
Holiday cookies for breakfast. You can tell its a day off.
Took a break to read a little of Anne Lamott's book Some Assembly Required. I remember reading Operating Instructions as a kid. Great stuff.
Never Stop Dreaming..Its Your Guide To Your Visions..
Love how ur curls come out<33
I live in the uk and the states. I was born in Germany. Shot for me is sick but prefer crew love x
dfw to cdg. leaving warm texas sun for cool (and wet?) cobbles. excited!
I didn't know white tank tops had nicknames lol.
• I didn't know this. It's shameful to let that history slip away. Why wouldn't they celebrate at Comerica?
If some crimes don't require mens rea, why don't all? The fact that someone has murdered someone should be enough.
Creme Brulee Stuffed French Toast and $12 Endless Mimosas!?! Yes Please!! Whats your favorite brunch dish?!?
RT : God has bottle for your tears and a book for your tossings. Psalms 56:8
Caffeine Awareness Month Fact #17 - The average American consumes 280mg of caffeine a day.
- Thank you for the LBC Spotlight on the article "From Menudo to Evita, Ricky Martin Shines" by Rita Egan.
what r u up to bro
ran by house as she was making love to her bf.
Do you think rick ross shampoos and conditions his beard?
Already done my 3 1/2 miles today so far. What Have you done ?
bothering with Haters get you nowhere
have you no grasp of history? Of actual poverty/starvation? When the Beatles formed -- they were still rationing food in UK :D
What does a footballer and a magician have in common ?Both do hat tricks !
ScarJo too? Really. This is too much. I'm going to pass out.
good review. i would have mentioned something about them not saying anything to kourtney though.
You should visit me in Hawaii one day <U+2665> I NEED to meet you! :)
harry was born 1980. James died 1981. at book beginning its 1992 or 3 ..
Give thanks to the God of heaven, for his steadfast love endures forever. Psalm 136:26
what happened???
Boomerang kids: 85% of college grads move home via
my schools prom is that night and i already got my ticket!
we LOVE
Hater: "Justin Bieber has no fans." Belieber: " WHAT?!? Sorry, I couldnt hear you over the 16,000,000 screaming girls!"
Legal document server, in Sacramento County. Call 916-509-0677 to have your documents served.
Mr. King, you have a vote, why isn't in HOF? He was the best at his position for most of his career
Thanks for including us!
Okay That's Enough MW3 For The Night p:
I'll be right there! In a few weeks I will hit you up for a lunch date!
We would def show it.
Hair cut!
yes thank you SIR up to Mistress now what training i need and who i now serve and please
Whew! One thing is for certain...it will :)
That's the purpose to be BOLD, STUPID & FUNNY
Everyone hates a liar, cheater, Stealer, manipulator, & stripper but loves a fornicator. (Im confused) Hey
#NationalWeedDay really who even smokes weed dese days
Whenever your #eyecare practice receives an attorney medical record request, don't just photocopy and send. They never just do this for fun.
u cant quit. Ur fired lol
#TheWeekendShow & eating mac n cheese <3
Another great #workout to start the day. Boot camp tonight at 6. Ok, I suppose I can work in between workouts. ;)
hey brantley doesn't "like" gotye he keeps sighing during this song a lot
had so much fun filming with today! Quickest shoot EVER!
who the fuck is that?
Lol! Just got done before you showed up RT : Ran n2 the homie at the 24.... He not trying to get on this court tho..
now \(^.^)/ lol dude it was freaking tiring!! so it wouldn't of been nice to laugh :c
Love your program!!!!!
I have already endorsed Scott Peters in that race.
We sure did! Thanks!!
Haven't seen the USA lose yet in three games... Don't want to start tonight...
Positive Tomorrows students are excited to play outside at recess today...after a morning of paying attention in class, of course!
What the High School Guidance Counselor doesn't know and the College Financial Aid Officer won't tell you!
Movies and Four Square
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That's why it's called the present.
You should watch the Red Letter Media review of it. Will change your perspective on it. The Star Wars reviews are epic too.
it's free show!!
Love it buddy!!
YES. I would use the crap out of that.
could Luke Walton help LA at all? they haven't played him in forever
umhum n I wasn't even invited
he is @ home chilling......how u doing?
I need to start using my twitter again
Happy Earth Day to you all!
you're growing to be one of my favorite rappers. keep it up , you're a good inspiration
OAK D isn't an option. I have to pick between HOU v ATL, JAC v SD (opponent has Rivers), MIA v OAK
1 thing I'd like to ask: do fans have any input on annual kit design? Don't mean to grouse wo offering to help.
Check our breakfast in the mornings!!! Organic milk, brown eggs from free roaming chickens, meets from local farms and much more!!!
:) thanks I do appreciate that.
Well, yes, yes they are. RT the ladies look so fabulous!
“He is able who thinks he is able.” Buddha
Still, goes 2 show u how magnified the #NBA playoff stage is; same flashes J McGee showed w #Wizards get ghosted w the attention.
I'm a fan of all three of those things, darlin'. Count me in! ;)
Listen with your brain!
BOGO at #weightwatchers until 4/21 ;) Make moves today! Be the change you need to see!
I know... I don't know why, but I had not either... I have never been more sickened by anything before. They need to catch him
try googling "gender bender" :)
We will be attending Chicago this Wednesday. If you want to meet to discuss single tenant net leased properties, please let us know.
11 turnovers in the 2nd quarter for the Knicks...
AW your so sweet showed my mom and she loved it!!!
KEITH LEMON LIVE TONYT WOO
cute quote!
- thanks for retweeting.
RT : Kansas City spiced roasted chicken thighs w/ cranberry orzo pasta, dried cherries, cranberries, cashews
Shore: First off I'd like to say that I'm excited to join the organization. It was the hardest decision I have had to make.
Inflation hasn't ruined everything
: Ah! I have plans, but want to hang with you and AM really soon. Let's make it happen.
That was a hard hit, hope he is ok
Excited and Nervous for tomorrow.
me too, so so bored e.o
i ddnt kno dis but im good in spanish
how can I get you to follow me beautiful?
Thank you! I love my piano!
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
I donated money to one of them.
totally agree...career was done 2 years ago
Talk about something else besides this one chick. It looks sad on your part bro
Rub his belly for us, will ya?
This is awful! I hate hearing about this! ((HUG)) Food Allergies are NO JOKE! :(
Hi - missed the message. Thank you! Things are moving very fast!
We miss our alumni too! Come back soon!
Thanks! My pleasure! :-ED
Love to you too my friend!
In the 2nd biggest Easter miracle ever, my amazing boyfriend James is finally on twitter !! Never thought this day would happen
they say we to material but money make the world go round and round
Hi I just had some Nutella so I absolutely love your icon....yum
#whereintheworldisharrystyles.... hahahahaha loving it! Confused but loving it!
Wow that just not right at all!!
RT : RT : My grandma is the best. If a girl meets my grandma,
Thanks as always for the RTs!
can crash #Twitter all by himself
Either gym now.. or at night..
why today? (i'm ignorant)
It feela good to lay down all day
You're back! Where ya been I missed yoo. TY for RT and fave. quite the gent you are.
it's part of the job... just like paper cuts for you.
Nick Holt is a fucking embarrassment to Husky football. He should be fired in the locker room after the game
This bitch on my bus singing needs to stfu because my ears are bleeding. You sound like a horse that is being dissected alive
Doing MadLibs with Patrick. A mult-generational institution.
it's such a cute town!! We loved it!
I like how stressed pining to the top for Facebook- I don't think many people are aware of that feature.
you're a skirt
Thanks for following!
I bet you're loving this. We hippies in the West have room if Brooklyn goes under. Enjoy the roof deck view and hang tough!
I wanna thank EVERYBODY who wished me a happy birthday. You guys are so awesome
Niall is very attractive
GHAPFM WANTS TO HELP YOU WITH YOUR DREAMS<U+2665> SCHOLARSHIP AVAILABLE NOW IN TWO COUNTRIES!! DEADLINE MARCH 29 AT LACC!
Anyone check out Xfinity live this weekend? How was it?
Congrats to VIOLA DAVIS for her SAG award for Beast lead actor: Female.
this clipper game is weak
#FollowReader Anything that supports indie bookstores or libraries is something I'm behind.
Thank you for the SOTY nomination! Really enjoyed the #hatsoff reception today!
Let's go Thunder. Time to make a run.
late pass. Lulz.
Who's it for?
Productive morning: Morning run - done. #Percolate profile setup - done. Thanks for the invite !
when you get a chance take a look at your facebook page, i sent you a message thanks
And FWIW, what convinced me wasn't the whole "I'm a saint" part, it was the "Why would I throw my career away?" part.
#cody GUESS WHAT?! I love you. sorry, I couldn't wait for you to say what...lol (:
For my birthday i want a fake i.d so i can go to abdc tapings. :-) ya
Underground starts at 8pm WILD WESLEY DANCE party afterwords. RT and help spread the word
aww yeah... I did once and that was enough LOL
Up way to early.
Applying for jobs=going on lotsa 1st dates: you imagine a possble future together, grueling when it come to naught. :(
About to welcome World Trade Centers from the Americas. Hopefully can get more interest in San Diego for business, jobs and trade.
they gd ma how r urs?
hay gtg have to go to my BFS and then going to a party ttyl
hopefully it's something in the afternoon :)
Still cant figure out why I think the way I do. Why I do what I do. No one can explain it But one understands it the only 1
oh well...nothing i can do about it.
alejandro on mtv poland ;d <dance>
Any fool can count the seeds in an apple. Only God can count all the apples in one seed
QR code buy-in problem for us: in a shiny new building they get perceived as an eyesore, "too much signage" and hence not permitted.
remember when I tried to get you out here.... memories.
#revolver #madmen yes.
Labor Day Bash. Some good Latino Caribbean music from 10pm (est) until Midnight tonight on WKCR 89.9 fm in New York.
“ maybe my son will sand paint and wash my car b4 Sat<U+2665> ”} I hope so its mothers day lol
The bell should ring right now haha
you're only half right. --> I like you already!
Is it too late in the day for one more cup of coffee?
Blessed are the young for they will inherit the National Debt. -- Herbert Hoover
Saw a hot guy with a cane, except no, it was an umbrella.
Finally got summer weather this week! Enjoying a nice warm summer day! Watching Raising Waylon on LifeTime! This is a great movie!
. No response AND no fair use? Then think about the risk. Take it or not?
We have Sausage.
Tonight. Playing at Billy's at the Beach. 7PM w/ Newport Beach.
Lots of beer at that baseball game. I need a steak and some rough sex now.
I just wana know! Cus I like to over analyze ish
CAN I LIKE MARRY HIM? LIKE, RIGHT NOW?
I swear, I am so old I've always stuck by them for things like flickr, Domains, Biz Email, but sometimes wonder why.
Especially for stadium junkies :)
RT : Real talk tho killed it lastnight if ur anywhere in the bay hit for some th3rapy tonight u...
too much of a good thing makes me hate you.
Places API Release Update: Reviews data will not be loaded for the Reviews API if below a threshold.
RT : #endoftheworldconfessions I've showered nude for years ... feels good to finally get that off my chest
whos the best clothing designer in the industry these days...
came up from the "305"; working the event...it will be my first Pitbull experience...
its been a minute man!
follow ya boy back iight
Cheers to that! Thanks again, Laura. Have a wonderful, sunshiny, #GiveBIG day!
saw ya vid on hugotheboss promo blog... great job!!
be interesting, seems like each of those teams take turns in the gutter
Ah, such great weather! Now bring on the basketball!!
a bitch nigga
do the bears have a need for someone like him?
Feels like I got hit by a semi... feels like I'm dying. Worst way to end the last week of classes.
What's your favorite word from another language?
idk i kinda believe u and i kinda dnt cuz i believe camille and maddie more than matt i kinda believe u
omg, I miss you! :o<3
Its hard to understand my Spanish teacher :\
not perfect but so nice to get rid of cable bill. And keeps me from accidentally watching Real Housewives.
What will happen after I have done the Atkins Diet and go back to a normal, healthy diet?: I am going to do the induction phase of th...
5 page paper on an empty stomach after a 6 hour shift. okay, life is great!
working from home because i'm sick. am on steroids too. maybe my rant came as a result of "roid-rage".
Always thinking about new ways to engage undergrads in using special collections materials...any brilliant ideas, twitterworld?
After visiting four schools, we finally have a winner. Nikki will be a Wildcat!
lol have u heard band twenty twenty
Do you love makeup? Great, so do we! Check out our new partner: Radiant Cosmetics on dogoobuy.us. Let us know what you think!
I just discovered there are colored staples. How did I go through life without them? ;-)
You can't help who you like , stop hiding your feelings !!
makes you believe 1man1woman was created by whatever God u believe in?Seriously
SB Belair Rd in front of Perry Hall Elem School closed due to accident scene
Alan! We were just talking about you. Only good things. :)
Mp tankfolds a jack bb calls 108 hearts and q high holds!
I've been in a meeting all morning, someone tell me what just happened to MD basketball?! What did Stogie do?
It's been a long time coming. Making my debut at ... next!
I was amazed by the section in your book about his background. What he survived growing up was insane.
yeah I'm turning into a "rotten" little girl Hahahahaha
Of i smoke i dont pay for weed my gardener grows it so i would ask him or his kids for some. and yeah thats is some good advice.
hope this week is good.
I wonder when the new Vampire Diaries and the new Supernatural comes on. I think Supernatural comes on tv, in September... Cant Wait!!!
I turn away for 2 seconds & my daughter is putting chapstick on the cat! Funny thing is, he's sitting there letting her!
We've had our 4th practice as the trio known as 'Ziai'. The energy is building...
+_|__. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Happy Birthday!!!
Things Target Field needs: More organ songs. seriously there are more options than just Adams Family and Charge
Many Thanks To For Another Awesome 1st Friday Performance...You All Rocked The House!!! See you next month
We're giving away dinner on facebook, what do you remember watching while eating TV dinners, tag a friend & you both win...
Who drives a BMW 5 series with earphones in? No one should, my friend. Not even you. Big #fail on the coolness factor.
I'm bored
#icanhonestlysay the mentally handicapped are some of the most kind hearted people i know. RT if you've joined the fight for their rights.
Hey Rangers fans today is the the birthday of Nelson Ramon Cruz born July 1, 1980!!!!! Break out the BOOM Stick tonight!!! Let's go rangers!
The thing about me is that I say whatever I want, whenever I want, right to your face. No matter who you are.
Jason Kalafat () pulls another rabbit out of his hat! Today a client was found NOT GUILTY on DUI marijuana charge. GREAT JOB!
Watch out the yellow ones dont stop
no problem thanks for the shoutout! :)
thanks I changed it. That's dps 4 u lol
Get Blasted on Saturday morning from 8-10AM on WBNW 1120AM Boston and www.bostonsportsradio.net
Sounds like a weekday vegas trip is in order. Count me in. : Help me get out of this city just one time lol!
yes sir
you rock, Ben. Chris, you're a pompous ass with no hope of national office.
Follow cause when she hits 300k
RT Jim Tressel texted , wishing Urban Meyer well and asked him to take care of his players and coaches.
My head starting to hurt uggh...
With Donald and Peta WAS THE SEXIEST JIVE I HAVE EVER SEEN!!!! Luv these trio dances!!! Keep them
No thats not happening Pacer Nation
yes it is. she's a gr8 lady. rt Isn't it gr8 that follows so many of her fans? she even takes the time 2 respond!
#Celtics - Now, go for it
everybody needs a little love when we
This is an embarrassment You are going about this very wrong and perpetuating the stereotype.
I don't want to look nothing like my Dad when im older. Ughh eww <•>___<•>
Love all. Trust a few. Do wrong to none.
I've always been aware, but it sucks when you see a really good friend go down that path..
your rock! Thanks very much for your coverage (and RT) of what's to be a great presentation about presentations!
Raven-Symone came out!? throws rainbow confetti Lol
LOL y'all betta back up...big bro, U know I'm in VACAY mode anyway, I ain't doin no work! #MIAMI baby!
Got something to prove this year
Happy 13 Birthday to my Best friend cristina garcia you are a really amazing friend u always support me really thanks..
Running like a ninja to get your phone charger when your phone is about to die.
eh.. I have nothing to prove. Hell I was a male cheerleader at LSU
Gun it!
After burning 450 calories I don't feel that bad about eating that
I cannot wait to hear Cody swear "hardcore" :)
of course you miss Bogut. Without him the #Bucks are done.
Poised Creation would like to celebrate the great career of Elvis Presley! Rock and Roll!
Nothing beats Sunday coffee with
#problem - Zoos are sad animal prisons. #solution- only put in zoos the animals that deserve to be in prison: animal thieves, killers, etc.
"I swear I'm not the father." -Antonio Cromartie/Travis Henry/99% of athletes
I love getting emails with tracking numbers!
jack I'm just kidding I'm totally teasing so thank you though :-)
Congrats on the win to my #Bears fan friends.
Geez whiz, thanks. :)
Talkback TONIGHT after the performance of
the power of suggestion- i might do the same now :)
Yet again i have to say i wish would follow me back so i could message him '~'
RT : Lisa Jervis may be the best NTC Case Study presenter I've ever seen. Great job!
I think the reason liberal talk radio has never caught on is because of how shitty antennas are on 1993 Volvos.
": I can never stay mad at .." no one can. It's okay. Haha.
my man Bootsy. follow Cali d productions
it's crazy how much of an impact people have on us. I haven't checked but has there been any comments from AdRock or Mike D?
I know what I'm doing the rest of today...RT Yeah half off all draft beer today come try a new style
Happy Birthday hopefully I get to see you later!
YAY! Daymond rocks. Love what he did. He truly wanted to help them-- they're all going to fly now! :-)
I thought I texted it to you sweetie. I'll dm it to you.
Gah! Lost ability to cut/paste drag/drop. Don't need this in mid-article edit. Hoping Disk Permissions Repair is my friend (fingers x'd)
these days? Whatever the store has; reds are hard to find here. Back in the day? Manic Panic :)
Some peeps unfollowed me cause I was ofline the whole month do they knw wat ground is
I'm shooting interviews for FanFic Project in Cambridge MA next Saturday. Who wants to participate?
All these posts about #MLA12 have inadvertently tweaked my MLAnxiety a month before the event
=( i want you to be happy
of course . I'm too diverse in my music . Do you ?
seriously you guys should start a blog called Heard In Michigan.. it's be like SH&% My Dad Says.. :)
Hmm #wine from #Mexico - a #Nebbiolo no less. It's good!
when I asked you said it all confusing it sounded like $139 each
To just give. That takes courage, because we don't want to fall on our faces or leave ourselves open to hurt."
Yay!!! Just got cast in Knuckleheads. A feature fillm by Jaime Zevallos. I play Joey Perez. Super excited !
I'm researching walkways incorporated into urban design. Anyone have an interesting example?
hey thanks for the follow ;) have you checked out our music yet!?
is my favorite motown-harajuku dolly
“: Bet no called Heat Fans can name the starting lineup Before Shaq #Bandwagon” ~ they say they ain't Heat fans, they "Lebron" fans
Went to on 72 and greenfield today! Everywebbs is on break for a couple days while I visit NY/NJ/DE
I hate your nipples. They look like peach-colored mountain tops.
A true friend would have apologized, or at least tried to talk about it, but a fake friend won`t.
is the platinum good? I've wondered, but never bought!
April 1, 1976 - Apple released the Apple I computer
I'm by no means a KG fan, don't like him myself, but that was a pretty classy for him lol.
did you drop a big doty on the ATL??
By the way I LOVE your handle!! AWESOME! I <3 Renegades!
My cab driver is joking about dead bodies in the trunk, saying I might be next, and exclaiming, "I'm funny!"
haha grow a pair and don't threaten to stop watching prison break just cuz tancredi got her head chopped off
aw...how cute that b/c you're younger than me...you think you're hipper than me. haha.
Dear snow/salt trucks, I am thankful but idling outside my door for an hour is grating in my last nerve.
so i'm watching the whitney episode of #GLEE and OMG Blaine doing it's not right but it's okay with all this indignation is freaking awesome
Hey radio, chill out with the Mambo Number 5.
No biggie. It's not like Spider Man is going to turn into a big franchise.
So true!
Hey, anyone want to give me a job? I am spry and intellegent.
will observe migration uptick dated the night #QEDair released
While i deep condition my hair time for random lyrics
If u can work up to 7 or 8 miles you'll be good to go!
Great pix!
Last call tonight for Italy! Chicky Chicky Parm Parm, Deep Fried Mozzarella, Nutella Shake - then it's ciao to that chow!
last call... 4 volunteer spots still open!!
follow back doe!
Hee! I found my calendar, BTW. Right in plain sight.
Truly awful. It's why we keep writing.
Soap scum on shower walls: what’s your green solution?
I got kicked out of chuck e cheese for allowing my friends to sneak in booze
That's perhaps the least impressive stat
hahah my bad dude.. go flyers!!
9 more for me (:
So much to do in so little time!! Season Crunch Time!! Good day to all of you! Stay Warm!
Got a successful haircut from wonderfully nice and talented Jason. I feel so fancy (even tho it was just a trim).
..is she okay?
Are you a staple or paper clip person? I'm totally a stapler.
The best actor in Hollywood!!!! hahahahahah! :) :) :)
I'm running the Capital City Half Marathon in Columbus on Saturday & need some playlist suggestions. This is my 1st half marathon.
Hello Twitter! Nice to meet you! We're a new band out of Cleveland, stop by and say hi! (that was not an intentional rhyme lol)
congrats on making it this far. quite the ride.
Follow me niggga (;
Make a reservation for Christmas Eve Brunch now, spaces are limited.
Nor should you have to...
RT : wow RT Per , the Mississippi River, usually a half-mile wide, now measures 3 miles across.
thanks for the retweet!
My next blog for #TornOutPages will be a bucket list. Tweet #bucketlist suggestions if you have them.
at work again tonight washing them dishes!:)
followed :) thanks for following me!
can you remind me how to find the amazing post-garden noodles? I think that is tomorrows task. :)
Two weeks from today and I'll be in the Philippines.
Wheat yes! Avocado, no.
Main #MayDay march now even more fragmented. Separate groups now dominating 5th Ave with block-long gaps in-between.
hahaha....“: TV: The Bachelor to start giving cats to contestants who don't receive a rose.”
That being said, I have some great writers this semester.
HI... im new to twitter.
Important info for all of us. RT : How to Keep Social Media From Working Against Your Job Search bit.ly/oFYmGA via
Excellent article! Thanks for sharing that.
I'm gonna miss everyone so much ! :(
Good morning, Pat! Hope you're having a good morning!
#Ghettocrayoncolors Christmas tree green
LOL... shoot u a few pics soon. May have to be on standby for ur next MAGIC in Vegas
Nothing is more complex than the human mind. Some actions don't have reasons...even if they need them.
Funny, that's physically accurate!
first 3 games when NBA starts : celtics @ NYK then MIAMI @ DALLAS !!!!! and the 3rd will be bulls @ LAL, these are really cool games
Whenever I'm downtown and see a guy wearing a button-up with rolled-up sleeves, I automatically assume he works in
We're back live with the final hearing of the #defendingchildhood task force in Detroit
Eric is talking about social networks used in the Libraries
Holy gorgeous. God damn Lady. =]
I have been obsessed with Stina for about four years now. She's amazing.
I respect the respectable if yo girl is all on my dick check the heaux
lmfao I'm still watching skins too
At closing reception if #PLA12 with my daughter, waiting for Betty White. Bravo PLA!!
I'm going to try my best to be a real person this week for once. Keyword being "try".
Welcome 2 fabulous las vegas
it is possible i might be in love with you or your recipes or your father or all of the above
I just got my watch fixed after three years of not wearing one. So there goes that theory!
“: Two W's today and won the series! #itswhatwedo #UKbaseball” Congrats! Making us proud
See you there!
THINGS ARE NOT ALWAYS WHAT THEY SEEM... These 2 little dogs have given me a much deep understanding... Continued next tweet
And the same to you!
Finding a real woman in this day and age is hard as hell
I am sending an email to Julie Meier now as she is listed as a contact for PARAB on website. Any park contacts ?
This really sucks.
I was able to do it and get back home in time to have an alibi. I smart.
dear students: asking the day before the essay is due to see my book because you don't have one is unacceptable.
#IWouldDoAnythingFor peace of mind
i think it's okay sometimes to ask yourself...."what the fuck am I doing?"....right? Lol
Joel, my bro, the guy that turned me on the Led Zep and other cool bands is dead. His name is on Grayson's website. I put it there
Happy Mother's Day everyone and thanks again to everyone for your prayers and positive energy. I will celebrate May 13th forever
thanks for the follow!
Philadelphia marathon? Hm... yes! Philly! First, though, Brooklyn and Buffalo halves....
can you have someone take your pic???
AAAHHH! what the fuuuck maan are u like future duude . u start talkn bout social network and then it comes out on tv 0_o lol
Got Some Cute Followers
I just do NOT have the patience for #DemonsSouls tonight. Ugh.
I know! Italy was delicious...i miss it so much already. How was ur holiday?
If we had a wet willies in downtown detroit....that bitch would bang!!!!!!! Lol
Garfield – Pull My Finger
#celebrate #goodnews: everything finally falling into place, you've got to love that
Kind of sad the youngsters in j ville are screaming free boosie and have no idea a woman was sentenced to 20 years today for protecting her
hello all hockey fans the links are up at www.watchnhllive.com go register and watch all of todays games free enjoy the games and our site.
Make yourself stronger than your excuses
#lifeclass I am afraid of success.
Well,here I go learning' how to save lives!
Happy Mothers Day Mom:) <3
Day 3 of strong wind at the coast! RT : 74 mph wind gust at Lincoln City
Misses her voice.
haven't read either. Will put them on my list. Do you have a Kindle? I could lend you any of my lendable books if interested.
Prozac should be a proud sponsor of
Hello Vivian I like admire what you are doing here. I bought that twitter cash formula system($30) what do you think of it?
So how did it go? At least you were brave enough to try! Thanks for visiting The Lube!
I feel grounded.
View the article here: www.divorce.com/article/when-hard-times-get-harder-divorcing-upside-down-house-andrew-windle-esq-and-sherri-dewitt-e
Hello people can you follow she wants more followers please accept my request
Do u like or dislike The Rock?
Apple just sent me an email that said 'Surprise Mom with the New iPad!' Bitch yea right! I love my mom but not that damn much.
welcome to twitterland!! Tweet.tweet. :)
When working on your professional image, don't underestimate the power of accessories. They can enhance or detract.
When I need peace and quiet, I put my phone on "LeBron Mode." No ring.
#rackem good work!
Once I have More than 4,000 followers, I am gonna have a surprise c:
Thanks to for putting together this week's B1G Marketing Meetings.
Thank you so much for your support!
Just discovered She's kind of awesome. Her record is my soundtrack to tonight's transit to Dallas.
Your core values are rules which you operate your business. Imagine them as being your entire employee manual in just 5-10 bullet points.
Bill signing: now there's a part of the legislative process one doesn't see every day. Though it's far less chaotic than passing them.
will you please follow your #biggestfan Leigh0320?? :(
9am-5pm special $600 an 1 location, $300 for the other locartion, or buy a beat for $200 and record for free
RT #femalesneedto Exercise, a lot of fat bitches think they thick when they fat. Smh
I can't believe you're not here! You're our social evangelist...
I think I would be a great bartender!
Two hours of Glee tonight - time for Nationals!
Starting region 9 meeting
I'm not sure what you mean. DM me.
Hudson's prayer for his friends "Tank you Gawd for my friends to not suck der thumbs & get buck teef"
Minus Special Teams, it's only a 10 pt. win. I'll take it all the way to a Bowl game. But still not happy w/
I think I buy Elle Collections for the editorial design as much as for the fashion. AW11 is out. Impeccable as always.
well damn
I Thank God For Everyday I Can Wake Up And See My Sons' Face.
Yikes! The next Powerball drawing will be on Saturday, with an estimated Grand Prize of $310,000,000 ($193,400,000 cash).
Weather today! is calling for 60s, 70s inland. Enjoy :)
We would like to wish Fr. John Foley, founder of the Cristo Rey Network, a Happy 75th Birthday!
Don Leu, New Literacies Research Lab UConn #sljsummit2010 e-readers are a transition; eventually narratives will move to gaming platforms
Well that went over well...
Not a great way to start the day, but I'm gonna curl up on my studio floor and go back to sleep. A working nap.
Also, since Resveratrol hasn’t been studied on pregnant women or children, we don’t recommend they take it either.
u got Charlie's pee pee showing!!!
Why yes! Thank you so much for coming to hang out. Hope you didn't turned out as sunburned as a couple of us did.
Thank you, haha(: I needed to vent.
Good work, thanks man!
DWade is BEYOND sexy!!
Baby girl lets go carve heart initials I a tree
RT : Choose to walk away from worry, and lift that burden from yourself. In a moment, your worry can be gone.
And now I want a version of SMASH made from cats. SNAP TO, internet.
Caramel macchiato to get me through the rest of my evening and these 70+ pages of reading!
I LOVE your profile bio!
AMAZING! Can't wait to try them out! #PrincessBrideWine ^aef
There was 81 days of summer ...now only 80 days left(counting today) :(
lmfao... I so wanna see this
wonderful... Our pilot seems to think we'll encounter light showers on arrival... Hope he wasn't looking at an old TAF
omg I would buy the the sexiest dresses and make sure i have an androgynous outfit for historical site seeing.its only right !lol
"Sometimes the biggest gratitude in life is just to put your feet on the ground and say I'm still here." - Mayor Cory
don't do it! She tried getting me to do hers too.
l'oreal has a great one called decrease. Its like 8 dollars at target!:)
Nike about to hold on against Adidas
Trying to learn to live in the moment
ohh your so cute!
Twitter is not always the best forum for a back-and-forth discussion like this. Regardless, it's well past now.
gettin late on it for the first
there in like every walmart and grocery store
Love that Discovery ID is embracing their loyalists with the #IDAddicts social media movement. I confess, I'm one of them.. Great stuff!
We're gearin up for a rock and roll weekend in the mountains of California. Twain-Harte doesn't know what they're in for.
Omg I forgot to bring a towel, now what am I gon lay on?
Glad I got up & got ready for no reason.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
With just over 20 hours to go, let's keep working and bring victory home tomorrow night! Vote, volunteer and join us at our watch party!
When u feel like reality is too much watch Alvin & The Chipmunks
Pisces/Aries cusp are tactful and insightful. They may have talents in clairvoyance or clairaudience.
Starting Oct 5th, Golf Realty Network Worldwide Radio will be on at 8 AM every Wednesday on the VoiceAmerica Variety Channel
agreed! RT: : Mackenzie Smith's presentation on legal issues re data sharing excellent!
lol! okay its in Nebraska!
We'll see you there :)
My car has truly broke me
tried to catch some fog earlier this morning I mist
Brainstorming new T-Shirt designs in the office right now, any idea's folks?
i feel like there was something about prose being moral?
Big thank you to all the alums that are joining FHF! Bison u Know!
woot! So thrilled for you, Peter. Make sure we hang before you leave ok?
nigga I'm asking cuz we need to be getting there at the same time..I can take my ass back to Dallas
Come on, don't sue Nutella! Have you tried the stuff? Healthy or not, it is damn good....don't mess with my Nutella!
So I guess he doesn't just play crazy on tv...he actually is crazy? Hm
: sighh. Im sorry. We are so cool. Just talking on Twitterr
Dr. Gray has given the blueprint for success. Get in the game. You have no idea of the victories that await you.
The worlds first waterproof ipod nano is fully tested and operational.
A woman of great courage. “: A family friend says former first lady Betty Ford has died at age 93 in California.”
hahah. Me and and my friend were gonna do that but we live in Texas so we were gonna make a fort in a tree. Lol
I wonder when more money is spent.. #valentinesday where you spend your money on the same gift as everyone else or Easter with the outfits?
this weekend?
As result of faux pas, require soothing cup of tea from
I wish i was n dc right now.
NF you and also ,
Getting real now
"where the light is" by anthem lights - a fabulous "don't give up, God's not finished yet" kind of song!
how did u found my twitter.
Humphrey man what the story
If you had the opportunity to get your message across to a large group of people, what would your message be?
schedule today: 1.Get dressed/ listen to asking Alexandria 2.Look good - feel good 3.Feel good - test good 4.#monsterenergydrank celebration
Oh wow. Wow. Southern Tier Mokah chocolate coffee stout. Plush chocolate, would be too sweet without that bitter coffee balance.
Did you get his number???
My thing is Unity, point blank. Conservatives, Liberals, everyone ultimately should be United in these United States.
lucky you!!!I wish I had a vacation like yours!
And with you also. :) - Yeah, the Fourth and I'm still awake too.
yum yum yum yum yum yum....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
It does not feel like friday
It would be really sad but she has had a great run and there are plenty of openings.
Kudos. This just adds to the list of reasons why y'll are so impressive. Thanks!
im new volleyball coach
How would you like to unlock the differences between all the medical plans out there? Give us a call. We can help. (505) 247-1530
Tomorrow is Birthday!! Omg, he is all im going to talk about tmrw :)
Hoes is funny .
RT : Favorite newbie guide to Twitter, anyone?
:D No driving can be done afterwards.
I shoulda brought my hoop...
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 74
Retractable R'hllor: Religious Dynamics among Stannis' Bannermen during the War of Five Kings
wow. i love how every one tweets about sports games. Are we really this boring???
just a bad day for mexico in general I guess. 45 mins left though ;)
Drum roll please...beginning Labor Day (Sept. 6), you get FREE BREAKFAST items the month of September! More details to come.
Had a good day today i missed this <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Oilers are embracing the role of spoilers against teams scrambling for playoff spots
Call me when you get off
One daughter is going to this weekend and the other is telling me about #Lollapalooza.... can't keep track!
teeeeeebow is gay
Nobody ever has change for a $1000 bill.
go to sleep :P
Rely heavily on reviewers given broadness of field. More than 3,000 invitations to review in 1 yr.
Good morning everyone!(:
Thank you! :) Please check them out - would love your thoughts! :)
so are you saying replace headstones with trees? just trying to understand if the dead bodies are still planted underneath?
!RT : RT : RT : "Your imagination is your preview of life's coming attractions." - Albert Einstein Hi Joan!
YES! You are my new BFF. Is that tat new or is the red the tint on your camera?
Work bright and early
Interesting day so far - afternoon was more thought-provoking than morning.
haha I know. Right through the intersection.
off the hookah is alright lol
lol, I'm glad I didn't get the Liu brows
her grandfather a few weeks ago :(
Blind squirrel finds a nut everyone once in a while
Love the new logo! Making the San Antonio advertising community proud.
I really dislike math. Sorry,
Happy Friday to me! is now following me! :-) Hope you see you in a few weeks!
Ok my twitter & your inbox on facebook? lol #AndTheDifferenceIs?
"It's like having a pal with you all the time" #mckenzywindham in reference to her cat....
But at least they won't get no-hit by James McDonald
Network face to face 1 day a week. Get out & make contacts. Let people know what you are doing. Someone's break thru is coming from u.
#TeamBulls for life !!
April showers bring May flowers, except we got showers in May instead.
Travel with the Crew and spend loot. Have uecker answer my phone calls.
that's ok!!! just worry if u ever start answering back;)
Morning has broken, like the first morning. And just WHO is going to clean up this mess ?? [major server/app down hard today, sigh...]
Maybe next year... Btw, I'm going to *try* to make the monthly CTBA club flights. Houston balloon group disbanded.
Where are all the coffee lovers at? What is your favorite?
Wisconsin to play Virginia in the ACC/Big Ten Challenge next season. Two great defensive teams. And UV coach Tony Bennett familiar with UW.
LA Kings sweeps STL Blues to head to conference finals...shocker
*wrinkled nose smirk*
You should come to our show next Friday! We will dedicate a song to you :D
Geoff Dawson says "get out in front of the time line!"
I have "Rolling in the Deep" stuck in my head great song!
Congrats on #Assassins! I love !
-- all via church. S!ck Pr!ck
Happy Friday everyone! Hope it goes by quickly so you can start enjoying the weekend!
there's a reason why they call us "patients" See what I did there
And thanks to everyone who came out! We're pretty much calling it: Punk/Garage night at is gonna be the Next Big Thing...
check out for more events. Galactic is playing on Wednesday too. Not a jazz club, but a good show.
you will long as you gt some money in ya pocket
Saturday I purchased a #leopard #slip for and its beautiful I think I will keep it instead. #Boutique #Shopping I know Im bad.
Ross is a leader on foot patrols, police reform & reentry. Go to www.rossforsheriff.org for details. Vote 2day!
you think I should join GM for grad school?
Hey how are you!? Long time no talk.
One day, I need someone to teach me how to talk to a vendor. Like, some standard questions to ask, etc.
#accenturematchplay has done a terriable job on parking this year! Been waiting in line to park for an hour now!
what tweet am I supposed to ignore
Exactly. RT : A1 Leagues teams do good job of pushing the cause. horrible job showing results
Give Your Heart a Break - Demi Lovato , i can totally relate to everyone of her songs especialy this one.
When Twitter deletes DMs, I feel sad and wonder if my messages ever got delivered.
Twitter will become insufferable if Peyton Manning ends up with the NYJ. Please anywhere but there.
She's not old enough to drink beer legally, but she doesn't like alcohol or coffee either. go figure.
Getting receipts out of is like pulling teeth! :-(
what? They make those? Awesome! “: Is it bad that I get the kiddie chopsticks when eat sushi? I don't wanna learn”
#TEDxUofW social media candy is dandy but not nec. meaningful.
My First Year Cooking And It Was A Success......
Attention performance improvement community of Denver, CO. Make Work Great! www.ispi-frc.org
I sent Steve a message on FB and gave him your email if that's ok. Yes, I liked it. Did you?
bro I always gave the lakers their props...but come on now...this is pure lazy on their part
Dear , Seriously man get it together, how are you going to mess up my order, no breakfast/lunch today. Thanks for being careless.
its going to be a great Easter weekend @ Central!
You are the same today you’ll be five years from now except for the books you read and the people you meet Charlie Tremendous Jones”
remember when it was adorable to be the youngest person in the group? Now I just want to be 50 already.
1- Wade should go to the Bulls 2- can't wait for college 3- When my polos are coming in I hope they not fake LOL
Check out the SWEEPSTAKES and enter to win a free session and photo credit!
Up gettin my day started long wkend ahead can't wait to see mi babies this wkend n watch playoff basketball god is good
The League is on netflix streaming. Everyone. Watch it.
Happy Birthday !! Have a good one!!
Jambalaya and Pancakes, and Zydeco music... We got the beads now all we need is the... Oh wait... We got that too...
FF Privilege on a P.S follow. Thanks #GameChanger .
oh how I love being home.!
Thanks for making me look super-masculine, guys who wear white pants.
que tal amigos? how are you guys? been following your work! congrats! #interview soon?
I used the web-based, but I think they do offer software based as well
Give her water!
No but have you watched Kathy Bates in Harry's law?
Me!!! RT busy day in radio land...who ready to be off work???
Thanks for adding us to your list!!
Congurlations on your tweet count. Computer is damn slow tonight.
My weekend was good, I will keep your family in my thoughts and prayers, hope your mom is as comfortable as possible.
Text from "Do you deliver? Im a starvin man." If you want to text an order you should write something funny like him.
I'll DM you my number when I get back in the office.
why would u ask that haha u think u cant get 16 million #Beliebers on the plain lol
We'll go ahead and take your word for it without asking how you went about making the comparison.
I could watch Drake & Josh al daayyyy loonnngggggg <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
And another 100 invites launched from planet Pantheon!
Some great motivational tweets in our timeline this morning/afternoon
Divine's clinic Promo <U+FFFC>:Our best Whitening Serum plus Whitening Gold peel off mask only 150 K.Info:31908203,3922021,087880536758.
Lmfao! gotta love them (Hey pretty girl) guys!! LOL at least I'll still be there :) Hope you are having a great eve!
looking forward to our shoot on the 20th I know its going to be fab!
are you ever coming home?!
Sorry for the quick releases! 4.1.0 is available. I've begun to add some api hooks. Should have a lightbox example up soon!
#TEAMHEAT I got my play off beard for the HEAT
no prize, not including my slides cause they aren't done.
Anyone know of a good donut shop near the Tech Center?
Now you tell me. Just ate an entire bag of those doritos tacos.
The smallest things can mean so much to someone without them even knowing it
How many bass players does it take to change a light bulb? None. The piano player can do it with his left hand.
I don't hate you because you're fat, you're fat because I hate you...<3 mean girls
“: Too much homework can cause stress, depression, and even lower grades.” THAT'S RIGHT, DON'T GIVE ME ANY DAMN ESSAYS
think I misunderstood :) they need some pshop work done? or they are available to do retouching?
Wise: song "compelling mongrelization," says reviewer
you want to get your tattoo filmed? We got a canon 5d mk 2 that can do some sweet video. Lemme know.
Finishing my weekend with impractical jokers
I'm not sure where I should begin, I'm rising! rising! And now I'm in! Over my head ! With something I said, I'm better of life!
If I make them turn the papers in electronically, do I still have the right to complain if they're not double-spaced?
what's good homie!!
whoops! i lost your follow!
I dont like dress pants -_-
Jim Harbaugh=Frank Kushman; Niners=Jerry Mcguire; Dolphins=Bob Sugar
And #accessusummit is underway! speaking on One World One Web. A great day ahead!
I'll see what I can do! I've been doing random jobs until my real job starts so I never know when I'm free.
Long office hours do not a gym bod make.
I have a pretty good success story! 1 person business, 15 yrs, work out of my house- I'm a baseball artist- sold 750,000 balls
mastering the 8-string
I don't have a problem roaming
' My nigha is really something!!
Why don't you all stop talking about things and start making some significant moves in Free Agency?!!!
Dana Spiotta's "Eat the Document" is great.
Happy Memorial Day!!
Thanks Sherri for that praise tweet. Jesus really does reach all people and places even in a Cab, Hallelujah!!
St pattys day in the city
FREE tickets to the show tonight in San Francisco? DM us! (We have some guest list spots for our Twitter folks!)
What ya doin for Thurs night draft? MDC party at Frannies...big screens in the SDR...pizza...you're invited...let me know!
Last night.crazy poppin bottles with the.ravens football.team shout mccant
aw I'm happy for you xx
Disgusted with how the bearcats game ended.
Please Join Us ... Newark (Ironbound) Master Plan Meeting on Monday May 14, 2012 at 142 Wilson Ave, Newark, NJ
Just watched Ariana singing "I Am Telling You" when she was only 13 yrs old and......OH MY AKJALEUCE!JDFE! Her voice is just.....FLAWLESS<U+2665>
Vikings or Saints? Colts or Jets? SuperBowl predictions! What's your prediction?
Yeah,..I did visit your site. and its very nice..You did well
Thanks, Chris!! Always a pleasure to experience your wisdom.
oh whoops............ loo I have someething to tell ya
What did the fish say when he swam into the wall?Damn
Just did.
So happy and excited for !!
"Never make a decision when you're angry, and never make a promise when you're happy."
if you aren't doing huge volumes and no automation try - larger volumes try hope that helps!
Hello Chicago!!! Happy Birthday Pama!
That was hilarious! Tho I was thinking a lil more old school Nintendo ;)
Download- InSpotter app -free today on your Android & iPhone
I feel bad..I just blurted out that my cousin is gay i'n front of this person...
Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music @ ABQ's Best Danceclub - Lotus!!!
You bet, he needs as much non-corporate, real people, support that he can get.
Its almost 1 o'clock and its not 100 degrees yet in Fort Worth! Yay!
No problem.
Does he have Twitter?
Hope so.
You hit it out of the park again...
looking forward to it. Enjoy the day
Seattle Washington
Tea & chocolate digestive's, what more could a girl ask for? Hm..... dinner with Frank Sinatra?
No problem. I'm disappointed, though. I was looking forward to that one.
how yall doing today ?
Portland Winterhawks force a game 7. These young men just don't know the word quit. So fun to watch. Go Hawks !!!
Terrible? Horse-opoly is our FAVORITE Monopoly version! ...perhaps we're a bit biased...
cant wait to get back to san antonio to see babe. its been to long of a weekend.
you too?!? whoever thought up the 710-940 on a Thursday has a sick sense of humor...
Don't like it! The old logo was much better
bring it to the us n i will
yep and now everyone is just sayin he has one without proof!?!? Wat type of fan dosent want proof!?!?!
stop saying im not an enchancer because im a lovatic too. There are a lot of directioner & enchancers too. I'm no different.
Ugh certain people gets on my nerves!
better not :)
Good morning Lauren. It was great seeing you as an All Star!
oh snap!! We don't even have any of those... That's awrsome
Stop tweet watching, so it's real.
are you okay???
RT : lets start trending that is a #cumdump hehe
there's still something wrong.
I am great... Ready for summer! Everyone is doing good...
which one? I think I have seen one with a cowboy hat, Bruce Elfant just donated one to the Austin Tejano Dems
At @ hinterland gallery for Danielle de Picciotto art reception and it's really special. They're open til midnight!
you bought tix already?!
Rihanna Continues to Flaunt Flawless Bikini Bod in Barbados (PHOTOS) Rihanna sure loves her swimwear! The “You Da One ” singer contin
I think I'm gonna fast next week..time to renew.
the one that u have black glasses on :D my fav pic of u
catching up to you Mr. Matas. I'm at 461 baby!! :)
have you driven the Sooner Schooner yet? As a Mizzou fan I am going to imagine that's your company car.
Doing something today would be totally rad.
There's more... But my app is being dumb! PS- we should hang out!
Over 800 Chicagoans are gathered to affirm that supporting early learning is good business.
": Want to Advertise your business on the #NikkiRichShow Ads, Commercials and more Special promo 1 full month DM
": Sarcasm is the ability to insult dumbasses without them realizing it." Jajaja good one xD
Sounds fantastic! Happy #WineWednesday!
I also bough a great charcuterie plate from them for a wine event at my home last weekend - it wowed everyone! Truly great food!
Lemme see yo scary ass in the streets bernie mac vc
I'm sure it is. Under 3 minutes and you would have held my attention, over 10 is just too long.
haha alright alright, ha i cant believe you cut it
Take a deep breath, and submit.
FYI meant to get back you before, but Amazon Fresh works great. Only way I'll do my grocery shopping for now on.
i WILL not give up watch !!
#Marlies up 1-0 with 4 to go in the first period.
Long workday? Dinner and homework help next on the agenda? Get active for 15 minutes to recharge, focus and shift perspective!
keep it tight! Ooowww!!
i don't think so
Happy Friday from Island Real Estate! Be sure to stay safe & enjoy some green beer this weekend :)
Loving my mom is like food to my soul
Girls are such bitches to each other i swear..
Could you still be a Christian? Is the way of Jesus still the best possible way to live? Or does the whole thing fall apart?
What do you think of this Edmonton announcer Corey Graham? He thinks Oil Kings are angels and Hawks are ruthless Tweets outrageous
is this sharing hour or something?
I did enjoy playing Avacyn against a guy on Cockatrice who had ACTUAL Abyss. "upkeep, Avacyn laughs derisively @ you"
Thanks for the invite asshole.
About to find me a new living room set. I am hopeful thy will have something that is Madi proof!
beautiful day to play hooky myy ladies<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2600>
can't share, but it was months on the X and Awesomeness on the Y, w/ milestones e.g. hiring and shipping...up and to the right!
Who the Hell has booked all the damn monkeys?? LOL U Guys did great!!
yeah I've found I'm lucky my gym is open so early (opens at 4:30, I'm usually there by 4:50). It's hard at 1st but
They are delicous! The peanut Butter Cup in my favorite!!!!!
On location doing our photoshoot! M.O.J.O stylie!
RT : love my company. thanks, sweets. [Same here and thanks!!!!!!]
Hey, I was the first to RT, but you are not following me, oh well. Just my luck. Maybe next time
Exactly! Whomever coined that word was a complete and utter genius.
The Flyers better not resign Matt Carle, instead sign Barret Jackman, a shutdown veteran defenseman who can wear the "C" for us
Hey there, (WichitaTales), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
cant wait to see you either babe:)
With my windows open, all my neighbors get to enjoy my music. You're welcome, guys!
gluten-free buckwheat crepes
Welcome back Vin!!!
Is Hines Ward really one of "the best blocking WRs" ever? Can this be quantified? He is behind Brown, Carter, & many others
I receive!
If I’m not sleeping, nobody’s sleeping
Mainstream Radio will kill your mind UNPLUG/TURN OFF THE RADIO!
. They don't call him Screamin' A. Smith for nothing.
My hair's blue is barely there now haha
You can never make someone love you. You can only make yourself worthy of being loved.
While walking , he broke off his leash to chase after another dog. I ran after him, tripped, and fell sliding like I stole home!
very interested.. NYU road trip this week, you know what that means -- a slice of sbarro in central park
thanks for the follow!
yeah , i cant skip anymore or ill be back for a 13th year at emsisd
Thanks for sharing this of KC. Wonderful and definitely inspirational!
Thanks to my mommy
I'm reading over Kyle Minor's initial answers to my interview questions for an upcoming blog interview (Jan or Feb). It's Gonna Be So Good!
I miss you & love you gerald <U+2665><U+263A> 7 more weeks till summer :*
that weekend wont work, i cant be there but we need to link with those dj's...
God first, family second, then everything else.
That sucks guys. Sorry how it's gone down. I was just starting to like s.Oli-fucker.
Packers are Heaven and Oh!
Everybody say's Tebow can't do it, ha, try naming 2 QB's in the AFC the same age/younger & better than him....Right Now.
Hey. I know we had spoken about having a twitter debate. I have to admit, I haven't been looking at your tweets lately....
thank you
Woot! Next year I get to work w/ rural teachers to bring univ. history course to their schools. Trout Lake, Brewster, Oroville here I come.
me to
You can be in a room full of people and still feel lonely. Don't give up! The love of your life is feeling the same way right now.
Lamborgini mercy yo chick she so thirsty
My quarterly 401k statement estimates my retirement year at 2042...I'll take the under on that bet...easy money
Picketed NYU administration with #NYU4OWS, NYU Faculty vs. 2031, Greenwich Village Hist.l Soc., UAW and students--that's a coalition
I've glad to see joe Biden getting behind same-sex marriage.
Gonna be fuckin lazy as fuck tomorrow.
she's the worst thing i've been addicted to.
if Jerimiah had been a shepherd, we would have been pretty good with herds.
You too, Katie! Congrats on the beautiful baby!
the end comes so unexpectedly .
2 full selection centers to view!!
Great carido..I burn up to 600 calories in an hour..
If Batum wants to be s star in this league, he needs to show up Every night , not every third game!
fair enough
well maybe if you werent mad at me we could oovoo lbs
I'm screening #TheDictator tonight ... so far looks just like another Borat-Bruno. I will either love it or hate it!
RT : Q1) Manager and supervisors who own performance problems rather than pass them off on the training department.
Last day of filming. Then finally getting back on a normal eating sleeping, and workout schedule.
I don't know why I have to listen to so much scott walker.
Great advice today re: charitable giving: engage donors in what the organization is passionate about. Hm, obvious but well put
Hahaha this lady on the street is walking with her cat on the leash and it's the cutest thing
CORRECTION Caribbean Eclipse will be preforming Saturday 7-11pm
your cat lady realness is HILARIOUS
CORRECTION! will release May issue on stands May 30th. Publisher is selling magazine to a new entity, not closing
Paul rudd ages extremely well
am I too late?
Hey no worries. Hope you had a great conference.
GoodMorning . I like cheese , i like cheese , i like cheese !
the customization of computer desktops is really an extension of ourselves
On our way to Austin. Jamming out to 80's
your tweets are rated 'R' today lol
Tweeting in classroom activities and lectures. Summary. Critique. Provocation. Query. Extension. Example.
March Day! Burn, destroy, wreck and kill!
RT: Meteorologist Craig Edwards: "Serious situation" northwest of Twin Cities as spotters report tornadoes.
Wen they make weed legal lotta yaw gone starve lol
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
The world needs a & collaboration.
i am going to put-in-bay tomm
I'm so thankful for everything I have, it could be so much worse and I'm happy knowing it's not.
at this rate with my black outs im spending christmas in a hospital :(
Had ball with my family down town tonight
is experiencing a high level of frustration with the new activstudio software!
I have more followers on than I do on twitter.
Now Tony Karaoke is making me laugh so hard it hurts near the sex box!
Getting ready for the #BizTech today. I'll be at the booth this aftern.
Some people are real good at being fake >.<
WTF why did the sound just go out??!!
The countdown is on - only 6 more days until the #NABEFCareerFair - don't miss it, you might just be passing up a job !!
lefty power, that's how!
nasia we makin another account just me n u ok cuz i forgot the password to the other one and plus it was lame
Obama lamenta muerte de Steve Jobs
the biggest one did! Well to me it did anyway
SORRY bout that spam... spam sucks
The #oilers have had so many top picks. What's their excuse for not being able to put anything together for so long?
My birthday weekend w/ Blue Olives: Sprecher's tonight, Cap Brewery tomorrow, Fins Sunday.
90 minutes left until finals when we attempt to defend the title @ UCWDC Worlds. Thanks to everyone..fans, family n friends. We love u all..
Is it me? Or are plane flights crazy expensive right now? No matter how near/ far.
Being out of LA I can actually smell the Fall and see the changing of the leaves!
A little different to get up when its still dark out
not to mention E! makes Minnesota sound like it sucks. Boo!
oh i was gonna say TRIPPLE TRHEATTTT
What's your instagram?
My mom doesn't like Adele because she "sounds just like Janis Joplin." Oh generation gaps.
when crystal castles starts your shuffle off, it's going to be a good day.
RT : How many Djs out there don't have the K Le Pasa remixes??!? Yo!
#Hardball #Mitt #Rmoney is like Dennys it MAY BE the only choice you have. YUCK>>>
RT : Sisterhood of the Traveling Vest! ;D
Riley/Silverman photo (just tweeted) by
Watching BEHIND THE MUSIC its so interesting :)
my straightner sets off the smoke alarms in my house!
Reality is boring...come back soon ;) : Time to go back to reality. Thanks & for giving me a great break
Seriously can't keep my eyes open.. bed time, then back to work in the morning!
re: "agency design isn't waterfall..." maybe water torture is a more apt term?
To impatient BK customers who want me to leverage you a cut in line: I'm charming, but I have my limits. Also, no cut-ses NOR takeback-sies.
said Ron Paul was predictable. Its easy to predict what someone will say when they always tell the truth.
Don't you see?! As the wealthy son of Michigan's governor, Mitt was ENTITLED to assault & batter a classmate.
Fake people will wish u the best, just as long as that best benefits 'em
Lincoln: "It is the duty of nations as well as of men to own their dependence upon the overruling power of God . ." greatamericanhistory.net
Here It Comes...Slip The Jab
Donna Frye: Prop A is like a tax-payer- funded trip to the craps table.
Yes sir! lets go
#Quote When I see an adult on a bicycle, I do not despair for the future of the human race. ~H.G. Wells
Think #Nash has to make the move. Tremendous run in PHX..nobody in the game today I'd rather watch play.
"You don't even know"
#RedSox sold 216,257 tickets during the first weekend of ticket sales last weekend, enough to fill #FenwayPark for 5.77 games.
I'll be on with my boy at 5:45pm talking #Caps on 106.7 The FAN live from MSG!
any tips? Need to do an energy audit myself soon.
what's your fav. Credit Union/ small bank in Portland?
Huge thanks to our new followers! We're excited to be in the neighborhood.
I'm great as well! :) did you do anything fun recently?
but a 3rd Arm would be helpful while texting.
RT please help trend #keepfightinggary for an 18 year old boy from Scranton,Pa in hospice battling cancer for the 2nd time
ep. 1 of #veep was fun, but real people don't say "fuck" that often... and this is coming from someone who has the mouth of a fuckin sailor!
oh Davis - my little hippie hometown. I'm so saddened by what happened.
Drew Carrey told me to stay where I was. I left.
Bought 'Little Manhattan" today.good movie!
Q: How is PTSD being diagnosed before a soldier comes home?
What an amazing man and musician he was. Thanks for being at CMS today
as I sit outside having dinner right now, I can't disagree.
about time! They're from like the 80's!
Missed this yesterday! BENEATH THE SHADOWS is on NetGalley. Let me know if you need the link.
Thanks as well. I enjoyed writing about the life of Mary G. Ross.
no how is it?
RT : RT : Happy National Teacher Day! How will you make time to #thankateacher today?
Thank you kindly m'aam
Buy a one day pass and you will have it today and tomorrow. At least 2 picks. All picks must win or your money back.. TopShelfBets.com
i hope you're right.
i loove you loved your show at bristol, please follow me:D!
#sfeng340, RRP #5 is evaluated and uploaded to the Blackboard Grade Center.
Yes! on national TV again. Thanks for the reminder, Katie.
Got "Locked Up" for the MDA today &really need "Bail money"!Luckily I was left with some calls to get it together. Call me at 262.391.6272.
You're not worth my time anymore.
#sleep work in the
man I see I missed yo visit bro but we will link soon 4 sho
Up.. AGAIN!!! this is becoming a bad habit..
I never knew the Full lyrics to the rolling stones "brown sugar." they're so racist I don't know how anyone can like that song
What did you end up doing?
#Pineda gone for the year!:( aaaaahhhhhh
After my beautiful Colette last year, I know my favorite accessory this year will be from 's 2012 Spring Collection
"amazingly", or *refreshingly*?
Those moments when you just suddenly burst into tears... releasing the pain you've held since the past few days.
Ohh.. How I miss my old best-friend , Girl.. You got my digits! Call me -.-" #Broken , #Sad , #Lonely ...# Herp-Derp
- Do you have anything on Little Joe Blue ?
My shoes I just ordered are raw...
#CHILDREN is on its first two show today! And we're sold out all weekend.
ATTENTION: IF YOU TWEET SOMETHING I DONT LIKE OR I JUST THINK YOU'RE ANNOYING AS FUCK I WILL UNFOLLOW YOU & DONT FUCKING TWEET ME ASKING WHY
alrighty Twitter New York... who's an amazing guitarist ready to learn some new chords to great music and hit the stage with me?!
Not sure what kind of wine they like... gift certificates make the perfect Graduation, Teacher's gifts ever!!
"We do $50 on-site wedding day makeup application travel fee for up to 20 miles. Greater distances are quoted individually."
I saw you at the Cincinnati business awards! I have to formally meet you in person! What table are you sitting at?
#ThingsIHate people who post stuff then get mad if you comment on it.
This Is The Most Risky Country To Fly In via
You too, dudes! Hit us up if you want to come up north. Well rage it out.
Ethnic identity has been oversimplified by researchers. via Wong
talkin' bout bbq... Do you smoke brisket ever? Made my first successful 1 using a hi heat method. how do you brisket?
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic, and so am I
Sick kid, long commutes to daycare and work = a crappy day with lots of driving.
Thank you all for following! You encourage me :)
Minnesota TV mets to meet in June at Science Museum of Minnesota for full-day climate science workshop
I'd say that 60% of what we watch is via Hulu.
He's not right for you...
#MegaIIN Where is David Wolfe's farm?
Pimping isnt easy but doing drugs, dressing poorly and slapping women around isn't that hard at all. Its the only thing on my dad's resume
turn the heat up and toss a bucket of ice in the bed for Daniel. Everything will be cool!
Last 3 days I've been engulfed in the book Operation Family Secrets. If you're Italian, from Chicago or like mob history I urge you to read.
Riiiggghhhttt. You be a team player when you up but If you know your the best and your "Team" down then you step up
Thanks for the shout out, guys!
times like this make me happy that I have Cablevision and won't have to watch a Texas vs SF Series on Fox. Thank you Dolans
We are planning to launch our new website mid-August!
Thank you!
For every Goliath, there is a stone.
So take care. Arm your computer – and yourself- with the correct tools and knowledge!
April 21st celebrate The Space Needle's 50th w/ drink specials to fill up your bladder so you can pee and see the Needle via our periscope
doesn't have the focus to do anything. No reading, flipping though zines, youtube nothing
Yw hope u follow meRT : Created a report on OBD0 trough OBD2 Honda ECU pinouts, codes, and troubleshooting, what did you do today?
Such a great way to keep Ss engaged throughout! RT : Backchanneling is also great for movies, etc.
Am punching all of you when I see you.
Its so crazy how u talk a plan out but the execution of it is so off
if ppl can serve God in regular professions,why not with music that's not overly "Christian"? Not my calling,but don't wanna judge
Partying hard tonight
I don't look at my TL, so if you subtweet me, tough noogies my nxgga. *shrugs*
emanating. a beautiful word
I know I miss u!
Girl: "I'm ugly." Everyone: "Shut up you attention whore." Girl: "I'm pretty." Everyone: "Shut up you conceited bitch."
Hm... thanks. Any mention as to if born in one state, died in another?
#Texans here we go time for lift off and get this win boys
don't worry I will be back super soon for late night pancakes <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Terry Collins is a pussy...."in baseball theres unwritten rules"....and you broke the rules you faggot.
YES! Or... be lame and order the canned version online along with some cheese curds
Get better soon! Thanks for the great season, you are a BEAST!
I'll be curious to hear how you like them.
Anybody looking for a Tech job should follow They've got the skinny on all the cool new jobs.
The media just wants to tell the story. It's up to readers to choose the action from there. I love Tebow's positive outlook.
i see ur concert every other tour bc tixs r bit pricey. can u give reason why i shouldn't skip when u come 2 philly n 2012
Time is running out! Email Kate Jagmin at if you're interested in Elton Design's fall internship position!!!
I think the reason so many #MU offensive players struggle in the NFL is because of the spread scheme. Develops poor run blocking habits.
What do you think the best feature of Damon Fizzy is? :D
Twitter friends, I rarely ask 4 favors. But tonight, please vote for Jessica Sanchez in American Idol. Don't waste great talent & pls RT !!!
I loved seeing you with your girls in the pool. You can tell you workout alot.
Davis with two very poor shots... better go strong.
One name...TONY LUCCA! So proud! Best performance I have ever seen on the voice-hands down! #TeamAdam!
THANK YOU SO ARE WE,SOME OF THE THINGS HE DOES IS SO FUNNY I THINK HE IS GOING TO BE A COMIC.
"The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle. -Unknown" keep this in mind come March Rage
Thnx--hope they keep their promise!
have a talk w/ David right quick..
In texas!
AND TRIED TO GET HIM ARRESTED. FOR THROWING HALF A PEANUT BUTTER SANDWICH.
Calling Street Team who will be in #NOLA for #jazzfest and wanting to pass out handbills for tickets.... email
It's cool if getting laid by hot tattooed pin-up chicks isn't your thing Bo.
obviously dan doesn't like me, only you.
i just had icecream :3 i need to run it off tomorrow!.
I did not get that spambot to follow you, FYI.
yeah, if he takes someone else there will be bloodshed, especially because I paid for my own ticket.
Oklahoma Football: Can the Sooners Overcome One of Nation&#39;s Toughest Schedules?
Lol good I read when I can & when i find a good book
Not many national analysts would be able to go three-deep on a team's QB roster. Nice work on the Mariota mention.
OH NO RT : I DON'T WANT TO RUIN IT BUT EVERYONE DIES AT THE END!!!
ARROW got picked up for next season. Looks like we have to go bow-and-arrow shopping for the next season of GCC...
#blazers lose in classic fashion. Felton misses final shot.
WRITING IN CAPS WHILE SPAMMING AUSTIN ISNT GOING TO GET HIM TO NOTICE AS MUCH AS ANYONE ELSE. just saying. -.-
Haha It's an 11:05 alarm on my 3-minutes fast watch
My excuse. My tweets get weird when I'm tired. I'm tweeping. Sleeping and tweeting. OBVIOUSLY not a good mix. Trail mix.
I wanna suck ur dick!! Send me pictures of ur cock to my email
im trying to convince my mom to take me to #streetleague in seattle, please help!!!!!
thanks for the RT :)
Just finished watching "Suburgatory" on ABC It was hilarious!!! It's gonna be a big hit!!!
Nice new site Bosley! If you're not playing this Friday, come to 8x10 to see with Brooks Long. 3/23 8pm
Today 4 the 1st time in a long time I feel proud to be an #American & thank you for your bravery & our
Our pleasure. We love visiting Baton Rouge! Y'all make it taste so good!
cody robert simpson i love you for ever <3
ugh Say it don't spray it
I'm looking for a blog that's interested in paying a friend of mine to share their stories about the real shit of being homeless. Please RT.
Well, your tweets are pretty poignant. Goof away tho'!
started reading :parenting through love and logic. read it many yrs ago, reading again.
#4 -economic justice. I got to GU med school says Dr Wilder because my mother BROKE THE LAW. She was on public assistance and worked 3 jobs.
Dude Make Sure U Hit Me Up!! Comin Back Big Bro! Would Never Forget About U!
it don't fit
New Tagline : Helena V. Photography Inc. - More Than Just A Photograph!
First attempt at home-made pizza dough complete
and it took me forever to get to tonight because husband only replayed #TheVoice's Anthony & Jesse battle ten times! Ooh epic.
bonifacio home run. everyone looks to the HR celebration light display in centerfield. nothing happens. welcome to marlins baseball.
the corner?
#ColumbiaCity, #RainierValley businesses looking for a great new promotional tool? The #ColumbiaCityCinema now offers on-screen advertising.
It's Thursday! And that means we've got live music tonight at 7 ... With Kelly Riley!
no problem. See you at work on Tuesday and Go Cats.
Going to see my future sister-in-law's beautiful wedding dress and we get to try on our bridesmaids dresses :)
: LJ had that profile page, but was def secondary to txt content; by myspace, profile was central & blog secondary.
I Miss my Childhood friends ._.
brittany it isn't far omg x)
#listening to Maximum Ride: School's Out Forever by James Patterson.
I love you Cody I'm here to support you through everything
all of em!
SPORTS/Soccer Mexico 0 Vs Venezuela 0 From Houston game min 2
Thank you so much to The Rotary Club of Dubuque for your generous support of Compass to Care's children!
Boilermaker chili RT Q6 What would be your perfect main course this Fall?
sorry my phone was dead!!
get ur goat on
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
The only difference between try and triumph is a little umph.
And I can tell you firsthand Omar that our Council President's commitment and sincerity is very real.
aw thanks :) that makes me happy :)
Starting our day meeting with the #Detroit Works team. Great group assembled here at the Home Base, including fellows
I love nice convos with cabbies
Diaspora was key in spreading the message of revolution via social media, especially when internet was limited
i wish i could just understand chemistry.
"Whoever is happy will make others happy too. He who has courage and faith will never perish in misery."
I'm numb to everything around me.
Finally made the upgrade to Vista after how long? CS3 is buggy tho, any suggestions? Vista Ult 64
at least it's better than "4/20 Dude"
popped into my head * (:
THEY ARE PERFECT.
"if you see me in a bear fight you better help that damn bear. You don't need to help me" -Nolan Richardson
Crap! It appears i have the cheese touch.
I hope they don't either
I need to shower, but I don't want to reapply the icey hot. What to do, what to do?
It's always random things that make me desperately miss New York. Today it's an e-mail about tickets.
My apartment is literally falling apart! Thank god im moving tomorrow!!!
Because of a great love, one is courageous. -Lao-tzu
<3 you all are so special. btw we all hang out in my dreams now because I Instagram right before bed.
Let's go to the
that would have been great! nars is magical, as i am sure you know! ;)
On my way to China as a Hanban delegate.
Any one want to talk
Off day in Daytona. Woooohooo! 'bout to order up a Bud heavy & cruise the beach. Gotta show off this great body.
Yea, I can't predict what they would do to you, and experienced a wide range, from subtle (but very interesting) to VERY intense.
#ThingsIveLearned: NEVER take yourself too seriously. Laugh...often.
Mike Tyson just cursed on MSG. Too funny!
HE TALK TO EVERYBODY N THEY GRANNY
If we're being honest: Nikki Sixx isn't a great bassist. They gave him an award at #goldengods for surviving.
": sucks at angry birds!!!!" And 2k lol
motorcycle drive by - third eye blind
My sign says "no solicitors" dammit! If it's not raw/health related....don't try to sell me shit!
My new saying is gonna be "don't be a Todd"
Good luck
Good to hear! Well you've got the summer coming ;) RT : Aww..Hey Nena! Wknd was nice..didn't get to have Tequila shots tho lol!!
Followed you Cody! :D
US soldier
LA Confidential - Sold Out
I hear you're an activist! You should check out the new conscious lifestyle mag in whole foods nationwide!
*more hugs*
We like big eggs and we cannot lie.
Appreciated the Chic-Fil-A provided this weekend.
Haha RT : Just got called cute by what I had assumed was a straight male.
Thanks for the mention :)
gotta love capitalism's quirks! They're only becoming more prominent.
I have christmas cookiez. Want some? :)
Cmon it's just Sunday Fundayyyy <U+E412>
The time can change us...
Welcoming to Twitter!
In england, if sprite is called lemonade, what is lemonade called?
Rachel got a twitter!!! everyone follow her!
I need a cocktail!!!!
Just got home well that was fun
Wait...Who said Rondo couldn't shoot?<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Hope you like man! No prob dude!
I miss both of you guys and btv :P
Flashmob going down this Wed night or Saturday. Stay tuned.
same here. def want to keep in touch on events.
RT : Is doing a turn on booth duty. I've now completed Level 4
#MyMotherToldMe if you don't anything nice to say, don't say anything at all.
Prepping for kick-off mtg w/ Menttium in Mpls. I've volunteered to mentor a non-profit COO as part of new program. Looking forward to it!
Piano + Studio version of Hair must be insane!!!
Went to PX and commissary -- noticed it's not cheaper than anywhere else. Thought we, as a nation, would give better pricing to military...
I love u car but sometimes u get on my damn nerves. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
. thanks for the RT!
My dog will let me put whatever I want in her mouth. That's nuts!
with my password ..check ur DM !!
Looking forward to this week's National #Homevisiting Summit hosted by and
Lucky bitch.
haha fkn bitches these days i swear
The nebulous attack on the free market needs to stop. It is the FEDERAL RESERVE and the six Mega Banks that CONTROL WALL STREET!
your impression of 'her' keeps poppin up in my head lol I wanna hear it again <U+263A>
I'm so sorry to the folks that got that stupid spam text from me. My twitter account has obviously been hacked. Don't click on the link!!
YOU ALSO KNOW DAMN WELL THAT THE IDF ALWAYS TRIES TO GET CIVILIANS OUT SAFELY! Hamas pushed them back in. Tell the truth!
Hahaha. Exactly. Last time I checked, you were slangin' some cocktails at Points East.
public libraries -anybody have crazy amounts of people wanting study rooms? we are 1/3 booked already for tomorrow and 1/4 for sat and sun
just watched segments of Lets Talk About. Wish more women were as introspective as you about relationships. Happy New Year!
I enjoyed it but wish you could have spoken for another hour or so to give us details. "Do less with less" is right on!
No doubt...never sleep, never stop. Mucho appreciation
Omg, you're tweeting again!!
At least you're honest about it. :-)
: You're the second winner, Christian! Adding you plus one to the Yelp list... just give 'em your name at willcall
learning a code language with your best friend, and then falling out over something stupid 10 minutes later :'(
please follow me! It'd mean the wolrd<3
It seriously was the best Easter ever, no joke. :))))) :D
Like a Real Housewives episode, I bet.
I mean that Monica
Thanks for your interest in ZOOMERS, boomers with Zip! Use the term in reference to Active Aging with the following citation: www.demko.com
$.666 per song, you guys!
u already
In Music Meeting- Plain White T’s “Rhythm of Love” In a fight with Jack Johnson and Jason Mraz for most light and mellow
and that's one of the reasons why I took my account and threw it through a wood chipper.
"you think your a hero" "No I'm just a messenger" #Transformers;DarkSideOfTheMoon.
Who wants a PS3 Move Bundle Pack? Follow for ur chance to win! Any epic game battles happening this weekend? -JWA
Tonight 7p Martuni's San Francisco; TST, the ever-so-stylish Norman Vane & SF Cabaret Showcase Showdown winner, Alyssa Stone!
no wonder you call him Mr Fabulous!;-) Just saw the post!! xoxo!
offense is nonexistent. Before those threes they'd hit ONE jumper in 16 min of play
it deff was
I pray God may preserve your health and life many years
Yeah, no phone calls, no conversations, no distractions, no voicemail - only NOTIFICATIONS! Hahaha!
You're so money and you don't even know it!
Mid afternoon nap perhaps
'Preciate everybody that's been down & stayin down wit ...He hard @ work on the album...He won't disappoint ya'll wit this 1!
I didn't say that. He's the best outside of Tyler Wilson and Aaron Murray. There's no denying that.
So glad I stepped out to catch the shuttle flyover. I only wish we'd had Josie with us.
Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle... Yeah!
Experiencing for the first time. Thanks for letting me make an ass of myself.
Made my day when my very country teacher says a student has swag
side note, but I figure I should tell u. I'm transferring back to UO in the fall. Pumped to be back on the
ALSO ON TUMBLR IM FINDING GIFS OF HIM. dying
have you been to our website?
shake shake shake your booty, shake your booty!! lol
Eating at Court Street Diner in Athens, OH Then goin back down south
I need to apply there.
When Hugh Hefner dies, will he really be going to a better place?
Sorry about the bad link. Was working when I posted it. But yes, you found the right info anyway. :-)
no worries, it was great to meet you too! Let us know if your band is playing any shows soon.
I love my giants!!!!! i also love my raiders :)
cheers for the follow, Vasek. enjoying your stream... looks like we're on the same page re #TweetFeel ;)
Listening to usher, I got a confession
Pay day! totally motivated <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
PRFer TimPickens: "asking them to use a Doritos taco shell for my Cheesy Gordita Crunch was one of the best decisions I've made in years."
They should have fired him after the Lakers final, a change is long overdue.
So I'm back to thinking about moving to LA. I would love any pros and/or cons you have to offer :)!
Good Morning Everyone :]
I cam almost hear the rant on youtube coming
Headed to NYC for big show tonight with The Wild Magnolias and Honey Island Swamp Band at Sullivan Hall!
;) I figured just saw an opportunity to spread the word
Put a smile on!
So we'll be out chalking periodically through the day...if you see us on campus, be sure to stop us, say hey, and ask about upcoming events!
Show in 30 minutes. Will we have some #whitney #houston material? Come find out.
lol how r u ?
Nice! I know what I'm working on next.
Hooray for an early spring!! Weather Journal: Groundhog Agrees With Early Spring via
If time is money I'm an hour past paid
oddly enough, saying "Matt Morain" 3 times out loud works just the same.
Not that gifts make up for me not being able to be around... But since there are kids involved, I wanted it to feel like Christmas.
- Are YOU still.serious about lunch? I miss you... a lot :)
Great to meet you today! We put the link to blog on our Facebook for all our fans to click & see.... xoxo
Producing some cool graphics for the #SuperBowl. The party is in Indy this weekend!
"friends" that abandon you so easily probably weren't as good a friend as you thought they were anyway.
RELOCATE ALREADY! I need a roommate! lol
Waiting for round 723 between vs Popcorn bag is pretty lonely right now.
my world is dull without you
My cousin cat cook some talApia fish that was off the chain earlier
Stolleee my sign . UGH
Any hot party bitches in vegas wanna come party like rockstars at godsmack with me on sunday? I got passes!! No flakes.
I AM DYING LAUGHING!
Please let the lakers win the series...!
Both is courteous (and the publicist may get back to you first, as it's his/her job to stay on top of requests like that).
Planning salads for a summer party: chicken, chickpea, potato, bean/bacon, cuke/dill, tomato, and ???
Ya'll Hear that Nokia Clap?!?
Watching the #spirit of #joplin on
I just like that we're still using the term "automobile."
:( RT: New White Sox Slogan: "Retro Jerseys: Because it's Easier Than Putting a Quality Team on the Field."
looks like im not gettin any sleep
Act like summer and walk like rain
i hope by getting the vehicle, they are one step closer!
People who take care of everyone need taken care of the most.
I could seriously watch Remember the Titans everyday, and still get chills!
Just added an 1894 Yonkers Park Hill Brochure to VictorianSource.com. Beautiful lithograph map and several early 1890s photos
you got it?! yay! alright thats coming up next! any other requests??=]
you totally have to tell Sam Llanas's bass player or guitarist that Ethan says hi
#WGTTH with be on the Dylan Ratigan Show this afternoon starting at 4pm (EST) on MSNBC, live from Washington DC.
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah 8
And we're ready to rock on this beautiful Monday morning!
yay! Coming to the city later maybe going to the fest on Sheffield
So Mahomies Friday's are Normal for us now? Just like that? I'm so proud of Austin but he can't just leave us </3
I feel like I'm forgetting to pay a bill this week.. Fuck
No, I get it, I was just responding.
john cena h or hbk dx but u no wat i mean
Can't wait to go to home for a week!! Hopefully I'll get to see everyone that matters!
lol cheesedrunk. The last Mac I made had 1/2 cup of beer in it. No cheesedrunk to report but it was addicting.
Commence #wiley2012! Dr Benefiel reading unpublished letters from early Methodists to the brothers Wesley
No...thank u! RT getting hooked on the burgers and Onion rings!!!! Thanks Guys!!
Watching the hawks preseason game! Boy do i love me some hockey<3 ive missed it.
thanks for the follow! Please follow too!
Nymphomaniac: a woman as obsessed with sex as an average man.
Holy crap.
": a wise man once said "smoke weed" " it must have been the wisest advice any man has ever given lol
HILARIOUS, that's what I just ate
doh! A beautiful mistake
got me some blackberries! (:
Working hard, working late, loving life.
I am Meochia owner of My Times Travel, hello ladies, I am happy to be here with you!
Apparently a pump station failed and will be fixed shortly. No word on how many customers are experiencing trouble.
#hintsthesexisGOOD when a chic start talking bout future places she going and thro in maybes like if you wanna come with her.
I could never be a working mom. Or a staying home mom. Simply put, I could never be a mom, period. ;)
Okay... I'm having your baby!!!
The IPO is days away though, and they'll have to file a new S-1 if the deal doesn't get pushed through before.
9~ers! Please! Let's do this!
TXT me thursday though cuz I get my new cell tomorrow cool? my old one broke in half lol
#BubbaWatson step it up. Your in the
Put my damn game on!
no problem<3
Thanks for the mention!
Falling asleep to the rain >>>
It's taco time...
Everyone follow my band if you don't want me to punch you in the stomach.
Will our commercial air after a home run from #AdrianGonzalez or #JacobyEllsbury? Only time will tell!
Also, any theme/purpose to the tweetup or just social? Finally, are YOU going to be there? (Be honest!) ;-)
Great, it's raining and lighting in Corpus Christi. I'm scared now!! Protect me?? :p
What's your flight number? Might track it :-)
YouTube gave a speech yesterday at CES and said that they will be investing $100 million in original content
<3 thank you!!! awesome!
just meet her on tweeter right now lol
I love Jason's cat daddy! Oh yes. Lol :p
Chance getting into these colleges?
Positive words will create positive ripples. Today be sure you can say at the end, I did or said something that will have positive results!
definitely iPhone
#thatawkwardmoment when you hear Summer of 69 playing, you think of another song....mmmh yeah. you know.
- Hey! Great to see you here! Thanks for listening in on the discussion.
This time he blogged lithe contortions
I'll give my all to you, Body & Soul .
Hey just wondering if the Connect chat feature is active again? Or is it better to use a different platform? Thanks!
"Don't let the bastards get patron...."
A trailer jackknifed on the loop to NE and there is an accident on the way to the lower valley as well. Jeez.
#FlyMeToLondon !!! Mainly so i can see ;)
I swear boy I'm bout making money in any kind of way
Bingo! (But you knew that...)
hahah, i know right? (;
Oh god at blondies with and her sister..this place is sketch
May the sun shine warm upon your face and rains fall soft upon your fields.
Eliminate procrastination. Completion is the engine of power, freedom and peace of mind.
everyone have a good day?
Does anyone use Advantage Advertising Software? What're its benefits? and I need answers!
What you guys do for Valentines Day? Anyone get it in? Haha
I secretly hope that my school burns down whenever there is a fire drill so that there is a nicer school built.
oh yea lol I died the whole thing like a violet black red & the bottom lighter violet but I cutt it all off :(
Work like u don't need money, dance like no one's watching u and love like you've never been hurt before
really? What time is it where you are?
So what day are you stopping in for your Island Frydays fix?
Cause that's what I am right now. Swole or swoll.
You don't have a puppet named Lambchops, by any chance? :)
Florence, Italy: Brunelleschi's Dome
Just watched The Announcement. Everyone should watch it. Magic Johnson is a true hero.
If had to say yes to everything for 1 day what would you ask me to do?? xx:)
": There is more to life then Japanese cars" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> DEAD.
Pretty sure that's just the chloroform... RT : When his scent lingers on your pillow, all you want to do is sleep.
Well that's likely the series. #Canucks couldn't score at the mustang ranch with a suitcase full of $20s
Kudos to all the sponsors , BJ Market and Pastor Pfleger for feeding 2,050 in Auburn Gresham community! Wow... great job people!
Anyone else not loving the new Gmail layout? I'm having trouble getting into this one...
“ “ A lot of people changed on me””
Congratulation to who is graduating today, I'm so proud of you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>!!!
I measure the awesomeness of my nights by the clothing I manage to lose. I need to figure out where my bra fits in on the rating scale.
No one really understands how you feel about some one. Ya know until your best friends tell your crush, "Hey you kid! This girl loves you"
its a beautiful night in
I never knew that the #UtahJazz had green uniforms.
CANNOT BELIEVE THAT HIGH SCHOOL IS OVER <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I didn't realize it was still winter in Chicago. Very big game today let's go boys
Download the "Live 365" app, search "UCTC Radio" and stream the show live every Friday at 11AM CST. This Friday will be on live!
Thanks for the#slpeepsSaturday shout out!
“If you don’t see yourself as a winner, then you cannot perform as a winner.”
FREE #ThingsToDoInVegas 2nite every second Saturday dowton Freemont FOOD TRUCKS, DJ'S, BANDS. kicks at 6p- ?
I wouldn't be mad at that
what would it look like if Mitt. did it?...
Risk just drifting down. #FX. I still favor long trades here from R/R.
Vaguely recall throwing a taco at someone on Court st.
You finally came out
oh my...LOVE that book :)
so sexy!!
The greatest LB of all time Ray Lewis, LT John Ogden, Shannon Sharpe, Johnny Unitas, Raymond Berry
wow.. #iimcrushed ok then is it your leg, stomach, arm, back of neck?!?1 #ijustwon didn't i?
Looking forward to the Bare Naked Ladies concert poolside at Red Rock tongiht!
Can you ask him if it's true that he doesn't tip? I heard it on Radiolab, so it must be true.
Hopefully seeing an old friend tomorrow. Yeah
Seeking is not always the way to find. ~ Augustus William Hare and Julius Charles Hare, Guesses at Truth, by Two Brothers, 1827
many thanks for you message of congratulations.
Agreed… both in happiness and in sadness, that bond is indescribable
At Vons in Claremont!! moveon.org having a rally in support of grocery workers!!
Apostles emphasized what #Jesus could do THRU them. Name of Jesus should be used in faith not magic. Christ himself gives our prayers power.
I rushed and now I'm sorting in class with barely ten kids.
happy dragon year benjamin
Let me ask you something, what is not art?
Puppies for adoption at Paw Naturals! 1pm - 3pm
Made mini eggplant pizzas for the girls...they were yummy!!!
hibachi lunch with mom's side of the family <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009C>
Let's go #Rangers! Although I don't know if my body will allow me to stay up for another OT game..
we don't have nickel of your money. Topspin media does. If you're gonna be angry at someone direct it there.
Lloyd- Heart Attack > Trey Songz- Heart Attack
#malibu beach trip and #smores with my two oldest and best girls!!! Known Emily since I was 2 and Lena since I was 4, and still kickin it!
Thanks for the follow Mishikea We're kindred spirits in the vision & mission of empowering women!
Thanks for the Mention!
Don't wanna be without you, my judgement's clouded, like tonights sky.
LOL! I was in Bangkok last week. I'm in LA for a quick visit. Hope all is well especially w/ the typhoon over there.
Check us out tonight at club atrium and watch shut that bihh down!!! S/O to jit and the whole Poe Boy fam!
You should connect with and Two great companies making some killer leather goods.
did you see the haircut!?!? Hahahahaa!!!
Drunk and stuck watching #DesperateHousewives with a chick, wondering why scott bacula hasn't leaped home after kissing the girl? wheres al?
Glad u love it, TY! I find 2 many 2 times in life people get discouraged by what other people say, instead of going 4 goals! ;)
Never have I felt so bad for someone
Having a small glass of Zinzinnati Hefewiesen from the tap... YUM
I love it when I'm right.
you're welcome sir!
...and the 90s movies stars should be grateful for our style
kewl shoot I can't wait till this afternoon. Its suppose to be gorgeous an hot :P
Request: Record a few different versions of you saying "Ball Night!!!" so that I can make it into an amazing ring tone.
Last image of Longitude was almost an extended metaphor; cartoon kept time even while moving through changing scene. Like Harrison!
SRO at the panel on distributed custodial frameworks for archival preservation (a.k.a. iRODS for all occasions)
Off to an #audition!
Some great things have come in lately - a ton of Kierkegaard from a local scholar and flaneur, some trout fishing, miniature books...
OK, so I'm on twitter...now what? Say something witty and intelligent? Oh well, we'll see how long this lasts...
Also #RoryGilmore on #MadMen? Love! It!
amen !! SHRED!
#giveBIG has raised over $1.5 million for San Diego nonprofits!
Dunkin' Donuts coffee and muffin, it's your job to get me through this morning today.
Manchester Utd. Let's do this.
#kindlefire is so slow I can feel brain slowing down as I use it. I have never slept as well as Tim Cook should tonight.
What would Life be without Music, Sports & any form/type of Theatre? #Damn. We cant be the 1st or last either yaamean?
The entire episode was pretty great, ranks as a favorite I think. Although there was no cute cry worthy part in it.
Anyone know where I can find some good academic journals?
let's make flyers
As a photo person, #CiteYourSources = inst. name, date, collection, item ID. More info, the better!
THAT'S NOT ME!
uploading the beastie boys tribute mix!
Maybe next year I can also go to THATcamp with something built out enough from content and audience that adds to the conversation.
RT : Want to save on your next ticket purchase? Save 5% off your next show. Just use discount code "twitter"...
I rather be scrutinized by the most intelligent and thoughtful, then be adored by the droned-out masses.
I just read Lady Bunny's Huffington Post blog that I think you commented on--If so, well said! Couldn't agree w/ you more!
Congratulations to Ryan Fecteau of the on being elected Treasurer!
What's a starship? Like honestly
Big S/o to for coming out and supporting the Movement last night
both sound disgusting...but id hate to have them reshelf the meat and one of us buy it and eat it. I can wash the underwear.
#TWITTER What's up?
RT : So excited for a and roadtrip to Toronto tomorrow!! GO HAWKS!!!
#SAG & #AFTRA merge pisses me off. I was in debt w/ both for 6 months paying force join initiation fees. Couldn't even afford tuna fish
CMS has proposed 2010 payment rate updates for acute and long-term care hospitals that will not please hospital officials...
you arent even in this league?
Like drawing/coloring? Are you free Saturday from 4-7? If so come join us at to create posters for the #Cannabis Freedom
Thsnk you again everyone who has voted for us ! Next gig is Saturday 3/3 at Roadhose Rags at 8PM!
Georgetown or Redang in Malaysia?
67.96% of the time yes :)
Make the ground move that's an assquake
What's your tumblr URL?
I tried to get your treats out today, but I didn't get them done on time to get them shipped...
God understands you will make mistakes at any age. Just have a relationship with Him
French press Rita Maya coffee yum
still gotta start that. Eesh.
Interesting - in effect using other human filters to filter for you :)
Omg why is it so hard 2 try 2 get noticed by I wish tht 1 day he would c a tweet tht I mentioned him in plz RT:)
The Wicked Hop has 1/2 off drinks, shots, beers, and Red Bull bombs starting at 10! 345 N Broadway
Thanks for the follow Josh.
Winner amazed by return
Also, Dallas. RT 2012 y'all. RT : Radio ad in Dallas for the Byron Nelson says...where the PGA meets T&A.
You could another "World" to that list with the epic thud of "Waterworld" which I would consider worst than SpiceWorld.
"One day your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure its worth watching."
Enjoy your day, Mothers!
I had that same problem yesterday! Everything is so cute!
Have an easily accessible privacy policy and about section so your site seems more trustworthy
seconded. I have a.party to get ready for, and that involves a lot of hauling. Come on Advil!
Used to think failure would kill me, but now I'm trying to see this failure as an opportunity for bigger and better things
bout to hit the gym
Don't need the conference badge, just need a pic or two from on the floor or somewhere to show you're here. :)
Was at the White House today for the young electeds reception.
Max the dog's owner: "We wish Kyle Dyer a fast, speedy, healthy, recovery."
we need to karaoke!
ARE YOU READY?
That feeling you get when 'he' talks to you about another girl. </3
Awesome. Thanks!
Few instances where crowdsourcing widely instead of wisely generates needed info
Note to self: next time you grocery shop for an Easter feast, its probably not a good idea to bike...
Its ready! Now we wait to see if anyone shows up...
LMFAO! omg x) this cracked me up, but yes...so true. Fk Scar.
If u can step, u can walk. If u can walk, u can run. If you can run, u can leap. If u can leap, u can soar. It all begins w/just 1 step.
it's a great event, went to #TEDx Denver last year...
I am impressed by u more every day. Thanks for being aware and promoting causes u believe in! Ppl like u change the world.
I got overconfident on squats this morning and went for an extra rep on my heavy set, during which I lost my form. Not fun.
Man, man, man... He don't even know!!!
Most of these people aint about they business they just wanna surround themselfs with the Bosses!
can i buy it anywhere yet?
On my way to Charleston & can't wait to start KEPLER rehearsals tomorrow !
