It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood of 55 and sunny today! We will take it!
My list of restaurants to try in PDX never ends. Just as I check one off, I add two more.
booth and all the accoutrements ate awesomely beautiful! Will send more pics tomorrow.
We've got ourselves an old-fashioned run 'n gun shootout tonight! Go Suns!
It was a great season for the #Texans and as always all good things must come to an end. 20-13 Ravens
what's that supposed to mean??
gonna do my best to keep it that way, my friend.
Intensive 1st week was great!
Man needs difficulties; they are necessary for health.
Thu 4/22 8pm update: CLIO connections to e-resources are working but extremely slow! Once connected, though, things seem to be functional
how ya feeling birthday girl?
This salad is about the be thee BIZNESS!!!!
maybe we could hang out for a while if I'm doing better... I miss you and you're still my biggest role model =) <3
Staycation for Husband, I'm working as needed (closing end of month pprwrk) overall good! LIKE your news!
cool! mainly why youre interested, past campaign experiences and the questions on the application.
you're so pretty! Nh
I know this is “geeky” but … the new update to MediaShout allows integration with Planning Center Online.
A lot of professional writers/bloggers could use a refresher on discrete/discreet. Once again, I'm embarrassed FOR people.
you know it! Haha :)
... from abroad of course
Wow is The Rock really in Portland? I thought I smelled has-been-action-star.
Thank you for passing along the awesome twitter promo the other day. Zip Card in hand!
text me
Fashion show starts at 8 mhmmmm
If she held she held up 11 of the most beautiful roses and looked the mirror she would 12 of the most beautiful creations
RT : new episode of #ToughLoveNewOrleans with :))
I love how hype i get when i write a song and I end up really liking it lol :-)
omg why are u so pretty??? Love u. :)
Conspiracy theories are popular because people are catching on. They think. That's why Tringle is going to shake some trees.
Just confirmed that Pastor will be speaking to our college students this Monday night! // Alumni are welcome to join
“: What's up with everyone being assholes today?” THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING!
RT : Shaking my head as I read my TL. Sometimes with a grin.. Sometimes without. :P
my guess (and experience) is dualistically-designed staff/university policies.
It's so nice out. Goin for a walk
Swimming &amp; Diving. Szilagyi Signs With TCU Swimming
Nothing to doo tonight what so ever/:
Back home and off to work today.
Back in NYC
I love how little baby birds just hop around!
Pierce The Veil is always perfect during this time of year.
wtf is going on on #generalhospital lmfao I'm so sick of this #Jasam shit. Just break em up already, fuck.
time for a long bath
The problem with mothers day in the US is most cards say 'mom' not 'mum'.
Miss you cuz
haha thanks girl! It's bout to be Vegas up in here lolol
Not to mention make the first attempt at zombies and music.
To acquire knowledge, one must study; to acquire wisdom one must observe. Observe yourself as if you're a third party and see what you learn
I'm glad I can't retrieve tweets at this time WTF!!
That awkward moment when ur ex is at YOUR moms house 4 dinner & ur not.. the fuck??
You can definitely see the nutrients on that plate!
Ready for Friday!
I HOPE YOU CAN!! I'm almost 90% sure I'm going and I've been crying all morning haha
"5000 sqft of coworking gold?" Oh, how you make us blush! So glad to have you #coworking here in Seattle!
Find it. Use it! RT : "I believe that every person is born with talent." ~ Maya Angelou
Right now u r a
I meant to say that I agree with you..my sister is narrow minded at time
doing your test follow me for great espresso opening soon
Yep, I was at Ignite - too bad you weren't there, it was one of the better ones IMHO (and would have been nice to see you too!)
Omg im crying. #rkelly. What a voice!
Juan Castillo reaches on a two-out infield single but Langston still looking tough. Castillo has been a nice surprise. 3-1 Seattle.
#mla12 #s279 Victorian Poetry & Religion. Is it bad form to tweet the Vn panels? DHers would understand.
TailSpin and Duck Tales are just so great. Now I need Count Chocula and I will be seven years old again.
birds are chirping outside and all i can think of is mocking jay's haha. I can not wait to read it!!
1...2..3..yep, that's five buses that have passed me now without stopping.
Have a blessed and safe Easter with your family and friends today.
1st night on the job
so full of BBQ.
Super Bowl champs!
#onlyskinnyppl have new balance running shoes
. ask who she thinks would look better in a black t-shirt, you or
I wish I could be in JC for this game! #ETSU #GOBUCS!
Homies if someone pit dressing in my shithl they will be done
Congratulations to former 767 organizer Sandra Jimenez, TLU 396, and the Teamsters Waste Division for their important victory last night!
Oh, universe. I don't even know what to say anymore.
I hope this goes to OT like last nights game
It was a terrific cross. Still can't figure out how Messi didn't score about 10 minutes back.
Do you sell any other merch than t-shirts? If so where? :)
do u like jelena
There are few pieces of music that make me feel like I'm in Sartre's No Exit: the Long and Winding Road is one of them.
The only two things good about the year ending is me not seeing you and being able to sleep in:)) #SUMMER!
Now I just dont give a fuk thanks!!
u look like 2 chainz a little bit.
Bout to go take this mock ap test
RT : A true friend is someone who accepts your past, supports your present & encourages your future.
lol I hope he a keeper
If Bruce Banner was a real person...omg. Why don't super heroes exist?
on the phone with apple trying to fix terry's ipod touch
Getting everything ready for the 1st Rook Lift Jazz Jam Session coming up next month, stay tuned for details.
Your gonna end up with no friends because of the way you treat them and how immature you are.
has discovered a close correlation between instant gratitude and delayed gratification.
Hey! Hope you are doing great!!!
: ok ok oh yeah we are testing today
Hey JP Pls tell us all whether up or down in the rasqueado sounds interesting, you maniac! Love E
Ben Franklin on Rand Paul: "We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid."
browns, steelers, and ravens all can't make the playoffs.
Crowdsourced sports stats
#Blackjack player : "I hate when guys come in & mess up the cards." What's he supposed to do, just stand there and watch YOU play?
1. Busquets is brilliant, but bec he's flopper/cry baby, folks unreasonably love to hate his ability 2. Cisse's > Crouch's
Thanks for RT ")
It's going off at Tbar I'm givin away a Burton snowboard come get a drink after u
Thankful for another day. Bout to call it a night. So Goodnight <3
Decided to do a new photo bucket and use on my website. Check out the welcome page tell me what you think.
Hey KC ... Let's go party. #OurTime (at least for the night)
love ya bro! stoked to see ya tomorrow!
what are you doing? Say hi!
Hey guys thanx for the love!!!!!
Great game today courtesy of #UGA! Go Dawgs, bo Gators!
just when we think we're going to have a break...we get busier than ever.
"I call on every state requires that every student stays in high school until they graduate or turn 18" -
When people walk away from U, let them go.Your destiny is never tied to them. Their part in ur life is over. ()
Google Places is available for your iPhone or iPad!
#googledcparty awesome party but be careful not to fill up on the tacos
watching break down the spurs offense. They run some pretty options off the high screen and roll. So dangerous.
At least it wasn't on silent, forcing you to strain to hear it vibrate
Megan Fox ends interview with Steve Jones, celebrity news+gossip ...
Google Doodle Pays Homage to Artist Keith Haring
Aw, man - cake! Now we'll never be able to reign-in !
Come show your state some love. Syracuse vs. Wisconsin tonight at 6:15!
It's begining to smell a lot like Christmas at -- Mission Hills Nursery in Mission Hills, San Diego 92103. Lots of trees!
ah good point, I'll just be patient till lunch
Come to Metal Monday.
please send them my way too :)
nothing better than spending the evening with my boyfriend. His name is Georgie. He's also my cat. I see no issues here.
ME TOO! RT : i rsvpd...fingers crossed good luck 2 all
well cited, with citations not from corporate sites. Limit use of marketing language, and keep it balanced. IMHO
I've already seen this! And I'm hungry...
Yay laundry is done
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
hm, that's a tough one, would prolley just run all over the place, maybe a franks and beans stuffing?
old people can sure get down :) #PartyVibes!
yep, I'm gonna have to try one...or 3
yes yes yes
i love u vinny
I been hearing fire trucks all damn day
How come Starbucks smoothies suck so much?
I had an apple like 30 mins ago.. it was gross xp
": Spring fever = wanderlust. All I can think about is the next trip, and the trip after that..." you said it, sigh...
Miggy was there too if you recall...
Guys go see this #band tonight if you can!!! They are awesome!! they will be from 8 to 11!!!
“: looks like a giant bottle of lube” Why am I not surprised! (ducks from Nikki's *****slap<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>)
yes!! We'll be there :) cant wait!
You tweet too much
The holes in travertine is the first thing to consider.
i'm gonna judge you in my diary mwahahahehehehohoho
Lol! I understand. I think a few Crimsoned covers would be simply amazing.
I have a paper cut on my finger:( kiss it?(:
Never again.
Lightning Bugs!!!!!:) their back....:D
Excited for this week. I can't wait to start my new job. It's so cool. Love!
center grove has stooped too it's lowest having under cover cops act like students .
Life is like a teenage boy in love. Hard as fuck.
St. Louis, and surrounding district, community members testifying in support of HB 1228.
I wanna be a singer and i really hope someday i can have the opportunity con sing with the best singers ever &
“: is my soundtrack right now. and are keeping me company. #lifeisgood” you are the best!!
looking good, nice profile pic, beautiful!
Sad to finish working on the choral festival concert album. What a great performance!
~Truth is~ #WeAllNeed Blue Jeans..
Saturday Night we Chill with the Millions ! #Reignnightclub - For Vip table reservations call 770 362 7990
: Senate finally gets its 20th member at 9:42 a.m. as Sen. Higdon walks in to applause.
isn't it perfect?
Glad you like it. Thanks for tweet, COA
Bought my first camera today!
Resting up before Pats/Broncos. Bring on the Mile High Messiah!
Looking for a videographer to film IgniteATL's September event. Suggestions?
Hey Vegas peeps. Anyone interested in some part-time social media work? Hit me up ASAP.
Lol! RT I would not recognize LaTavia if she walked by me on the street wearing an "I am LaTavia" t-shirt.
"Who's porn is in that drawer?"
I wonder if the guy i like likes me.
Hello my friend! Top o da marnin to ya!! RT : #PMA RT : Morning #PMACrew !! Enjoy this beautiful day!!
Wheres the portal into John Malkovich's mind? RT secret room in Capitol - unfinished between 2nd and 3rd floor.
Thank you Mrs. Rambeau, my 5th grade teacher. You helped me believe in myself and reach for the stars. You inspired me.
The good ones go if you wait too long
A "pretty hook shot" should go in, right? Silly announcer.
how is that guy still in the league?
Senator Dave Thompson wants to amend the Racino Bill and put it to a vote in Scott county
Branded Saloon 603 Vanderbilt Ave. performing from 9-10 with my dj. It's going down and it's free!!
the toughest argument is between ur heart and your head. Unfortunately, ur head is usually right, even though you want to follow ur heart.
To be free is to be guided by one's own will; and to be guided by the will of another is the characteristic of Servitude.
Discovered today that my car can receive WAMU 8 miles south of Breezewood, PA. Nice.
See you got my hopes up...
i forgot tha time jumped up....week jus got worse ha
naptime, 100%, all the time. That was the best part about kindergarten...
Blast fans - ARE YOU READY??
I'm actually looking forward to this Louisville rematch tonight. Figure the Irish offense can't possible play this badly 2 nights in a row.
I guess i'll just wait here alone.. That's cool too
Happy Centennial Founders Day to our sisters at !
Thanks for the RT's!
“: women are a luxury, not a necessity...”
One of my favorite weekends of the year !
Not with Refs fouling out half their roster RT : Pacers can beat either one of these teams in the ECF.
when you dream tonight dream of secreto from an Iberian pig and your porky wishes will come true!
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation so much coming up!!!
Lol !! Ash you are a party pooper!!
awww lil bro ;'( I'm sorry...I'm here 4 u if u need an shoulder~love is hard with & ups & downs...be strong!!! ((HUGS))
We are excited to see you, too!
Cannot wait to see the tweets from when the heat/thunder go at it.
RT : Hanging out Everything's so green in Ohio today! And I forgot how pretty the houses in Bexley are.
How did this happen?!
#waystopissmeoff Pick the machine I need at the gym and sit there staring at your phone for an hour.
You bet! Keep up the great work!
lol you keep playing...mite just be
You can tell a lot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jellybeans. Ronald Reagan
Bolting to #DC for #NYE - Happy New Year, everyone! 2012 is going to be fantastic. I can feel it.
there must be some other explanation for your being an anti-Burlite.
Did you pick up our BHM issue today in the ?
Watching Old School
Just hit on by a 14 year old... Actually he's in 8th grade
Any one have am extra at ticket for tonight?
Heading to the Dallas Magic Club meeting tonight.
I done seen so many people get caught today. Smh.
soup or pasta?
If I'm supposed to interview you and you pull some shit like texting me your picture at 8am..at least make it worthwhile.
#evernoticed how that one text from that special person can change your day
the BYU/Iona game makes me want to throw up. How can you keep the PAC 12 champs out?
Just bought my husband a deluxe beer after going BACK to my unlocked car to retrieve my new phone AND lock it. Missing 2 innings!
"Effective business systems make expectations clear to employees, improve job satisfaction, and reduce turnover. They also reduce...
Congrats on third. I know it's disappointing. But, you'll be back.
Rothko never has looked so sweet. :)
Library GRIND BOLD flavor is Black and Tan.
High School's AVID classes are continuing to partner with Seahurst Park's ... - Highline Times
yea me too I'm signed up for the first one :)
Guitar tracks..DONE!
Today's Tip 4 employers: Manage your unemployment and workers' compensation costs with temporary staffing. Call us to learn how 414-272-4544
have fun.... Don't follow mee ): reck my life ...
let's meet up
Last chance for you to tell us your favorite #ValentinePairs! Let us know - We will retweet the best answers tomorrow. Love is in the air!
So much has changed on the Internet, but still the best part is live animal cams and talking Tweedy v Farrar. Stick with the classics.
Who said this? "I do not this as unto Spaniards, nor as unto Mariners, but as unto Traiters, Robbers, and Murderers."
i once sent a mix where i removed the lead vocal and turnt up the outoftune background vocal to see what he said
If you only post to facebook, I can't take you seriously
yea I thought you forgot how amazing I was!
i love car rides back from the beach! all the windows down and music blairing<3 #summer ;)
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!
Justin n Selena aren't dating anymore
Excited to see THE DICTATOR? Well you have to wait a few more days. It’s now scheduled to open nationwide 5/16
Go Patriots!!! :p
security bitching at me thinking i flipped them off well t(-_-t)
The mall was ah-mazing! I met a totes cuh-ute boy that just might be worthy of Crush Status.
Well you do have that effect. :-)
aye is brandon home
nicely said ...
I found more fascinating than MoMA. The intersection of every-day with the unexpected. Loved the necklace exhibit.
for breakfast. whyy?
How about you tweet a little more about the Drive Soundtrack? hehe
If my pride I untouched when I pray for forgiveness, I have not prayed for forgiveness. I don't even understand it: Willard,
Laying down <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7> are playing! Thinking about forever<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
follow me back
Thanks for the shout out!
Don't change yourself for someone. If they love you they will love you for you.
Was it just me, our are there ppl tailgating in the observation parking lot at the airport?
TWO FREE NIGHTS IN VEGAS!!!! CHEAPER THAN GOING TO THE MOVIES TO SEE #INCEPTION OR #EXPENDABLES!!! HTTP://GOTOVEGASFREE.COM
Do you think that if a player has a history of concussions it should affect his draft status?
Yes, I really took one for the team! You're welcome. ;)
well that would work..except it's a lie
we're all prayin' for ya, luv.
Are you suggesting Republicans want the economy to fail?
Braves lose! Tiger chokes! Classic sports day, classic.
the first thing we did when the clock hit 12 was run to the beach & blast #SoListen I know, we're just that awesome.
Its definitely important to be aware of whats going on. Let us know how we can help.
And my days killed by the mix breed looking dank as fuuuuuuuucccccckkkkk
You're welcome. Thanks to your team for all the help on the segment.
If I lose followers, so be it, Joshua was not screaming, his vocal range is phenomenal.
Why are the good CIA agents always going rogue? Maybe the agency should take a look at their employee relations policies.
Tattoos are an Easter tradition here! :) RT :All the Sublett's got tatted up this Easter #newfamilytradition?
Mikey: NICKI MINAJ BOOTY BOUUUU- Nick: -stands up,turns around and shakes his ass- BAM! TOO MUCH BOOTY IN THE PANTS!
jades water broke in the cab. i told her to push, but then she farted.
Have u ever created a to-do list of things u know u WILL accomplish for the day? It is empowering to have a fully checked off list...
Nice to finally meet you. Let hang for realz when I'm off my month of lame fun. :)
“: #WrongPeople ...Want Your Attention Without Qualifying For Your Trust. #drMM #fb”
Now that basketball is over I've caught up on #Missing . is the Anthony Davis of ex-CIA operatives!
It's ok to be a Copycat as long as you find the right Cat to Copy!!
She wants to hold back on her feelings because she's afraid of getting hurt again.
other fav syllabus part: IF I CATCH YOU ON FACEBOOK... I WILL ASK YOU TO LEAVE...you are not paying tuition to update your FB status.
Today I actually worked all day in class. :o I gotta them F's to D's.
What others make fun of you for...., others love...
It's funny how being picked to buy someone's used stuff off the neighborhood list feels so much like winning a contest.
I do have one request though. If I end up marrying someone from here, will you be our officiant? :-P
hahah la del royal:p
If whining "Stop it" at your kid loud enough for me to hear you at the other end of the train is your idea of parenting, you fail.
hey #bestie. Gotta do some running around and hopefully get some rest since its my day off:-) how are u doing
there are definitely many people out there your story can help. We see them everyday!
At Broad Run for some Putt-Putt with the PWCC YPNOVAs. ECS is gonna take gold.
#Braves try suicide squeeze with Beachy, who misses bunt. #Rockies get 2-6-4 DP and get out of inning.
Is lebron's mouthpiece really just a set of those novelty redneck teeth?
right there with ya! Math and bio <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
what did you think of them?
HAPPY MOM'S DAY! #hellomornings MOMs I Pray U EnJOY each Special MOMents today! I Love You! :)
Baby you light up my world like nobody else!
Atlanta. It's kind of a drive for you, I guess, huh?
I totally started crying when I read it.
Goin home early today to chill w/ my girl nor<3
Follow in the mix on X102.3fm!
yes sir!
Merry Christmas everyone. Give the gift of love this year and tell your friends to listen to our EP, they will love it.
That funny ass moment when your parents realize your buzzing xD
one day before you
Thinking I want a Faried jersey
I'm home alone after work screaming at my tv. Feels goodman
Sun sun sun, beauts!!.
lol okay great!
You missed me missing you.
Gonna smear my mascara tonight.
Thank you both.
thanx big country 4 the follow back been watchin u since u was on Ultimate fighter!! Cant wait till u the champ!!
"Money is like manure. You have to spread it around or it smells." J. Paul Getty
On the bright side, when the Vikings move to LA, I get to be a Packers fan.
LOL, I'm sure it's not that bad. RT : Awesome. For me, though, it's often a "hair don't" . Lol.
This is exactly it...of course we may not want dark circles, stray hairs or blemishes. But actual skeletal structures shifted? wtf
Thanks a lot guys RT Someone please close out a damn series tonight.
It's the mouth breather in them!!
Being a Kansas City Royals fan this year feels a lot like being a Washington Generals fan, but with a lot more de-pantsing.
Happy Birthday You Hilarious You! Hell!!!!!
The Poor People's Campaign began in May of '68. 9 caravans of poor people erected a camp called Resurrection City in DC
I hate you
Tip #110: Why? Why? Why? Why did they bet that? Why did they say that? Why did they move like that? Why won't they look at me?
It's hard to believe my stores only been open two weeks tomorrow.
#HowToKeepARelationship fight for each other, even when things get hard.
Slash, Billy Joel Armstrong and RHCP.
Who wants some free TDOMB music?
The bad news of this semester is being followed up by the good news of $$$! lalalalalalalallalalalalalalalalaladjkldsfjdlzsejadfhl;
Change yourself and fortune will change with you. - Portugese Proverb
holy shit! just got f'n crazy!
true that. i cant ever find anybody to play with.
just got the feeling...
Light downpour that lasted 10 minutes. Thx don
but all this bullshit is what makes me stronger
A "detour?" LOL.
i kinda figured. i'll bring a dolly to wheel you outta the place.
The average person spends three years of his or her life on a toilet
what? How do you know about that?
You should be able to find us in health food stores including Jimbo's and Whole Foods. Also you can order from sportea.com
Name a study. Sounds like self-justification for stalkers.
thank you for the follow ;)
Yes my baby Lil Wayne is coming!!.
I feel the same about those tiny cereal boxes. I usually eat 3x that much!
No problem! we are trying to step up our twitter efforts - the letter limit is HARD!
It's been a LONG freakin' year, but if #Benlysta works, #lupus is bearable!
Q3: Look at data trends in your community eg. data on achievement, HS graduation, college going and completion rates
I miss and ! Stupid finals.
Can't wait to watch the next episode of #Love&HipHop next week!
i know way to many people right now they i didnt know last year who the fuck are yahll.
disney princess?
Apparently, soy cheese does expire.
Bout to do my practice math exam.
Due to last nights success , I don't have inventory to open the shop today. Haha. Sorry for the inconvenience.
": Felt good out there again today. Im ready for the real thing now! #2012Season" great to hear
Gahhh I have to study for my final!
dand it! I still got 7 hrs to go
Thanks Heather! You rock!
I honestly can't believe its over. No matter how much you try to live in the moment, you can never soak up time. It just flies.
Haha well better late than never :]] <3
Hahahahahahahaha she got mad
A walk to remember <3
#ThingsIReallyCantStand child abuse.
Grand Illusion rerelease!
well apparently your telepathic!! haha so that's one of them! :)
This weekend has been so much fun. I miss being a delegate to #CDP and
How has ur first days been back at USD? Get all ur books?
Bart I actually missed you...
and should do a whole album together. Guest spots by &
Off to watch hockey! Go Coyotes!
Do you think the Newbies would have played a better game if there were not any veterans? They were star struck.
Thanks for the mention!
Thanks for RT'ing the meme story. Do you have a favorite?
COME TO COLORADO :)
how are you c:
Heading home today for a week! Shows in Sao Paulo were great, audience was the best of the tour
well, you watch Glee, so I guess you'd be an expert on crap.
Rules create procedures. Grace creates POSSIBILITIES!
haha! Dude, that's bc it's not THAT one.. this is ANOTHER Green "Girdle" - Saw it and had to send it to ya!
Clippers and my favorite movie ever, sorry for not following you sooner haha
Quick: how do you tell who's in a band? Multiple tattoos, jacked up hair, & cocktail in hand.
follow for a chance to win Free autographed items!
the wild twice. Chris Simon and heatley. Sighed heavily both times.
J Stauss' booth in which I showed - 'top drawer' all the way- 50 mil yr old fossils in the booth, my copper, so glad to be part
That's what they say. Holding ya to it! See ya soon pal!
yeaa follow us first :)
western conference games come on to late .
What's the diff? It's semantics. And quoting the bible doesn't make it any better. Plenty of hateful preachers do same
"Make big plans; aim high in hope and work, remembering that a noble, logical diagram once recorded will never die,"
I agree. Preparation, effort, persistence and timing, with a little help for the "Man Upstairs" equals success.
Fun! Awesome boy band friends ;) JT was filming next door to my work last week and we kept watching him, haha
Sounds like a very civilized society MT : Iranian cartoonist gets 25 lashes for drawing politician as a soccer player
Just had a wonderful lunch at new Santa Ana location. LOVE Sadie's.
I went to the library on Central the other day. It was a sad selection of videos I've never heard of before :-)
FA SHO..I'LL CHECK IT..
The best dry humping scene of all-time is in Dirty Dancing.
Hello Everyone! :) I hope you are having a wonderful day!
aw! Luv me some NYE Ice Bar!
Aubrey is such a liar!!..Don't fall for it Trump!
not tired at all ~
thnx for following me :)x
ALCL is running now!!! lots of green for ALCL.
NO MORE of my SARKOZY? D new socialist Pres HOLLANDE first claim is he's anti rich & Banking! He plans to tax de rich 75%! 75%! WTH!
Breakfast then off to explore
Randolph looks high. So what.
Do what you do best. The rest will follow.
one of the many places in Fla I've never seen. I'm a bad, bad native Floridian
that's a bet
Express Scripts forecasts that, between 2010 and 2014, the cost of pharmacy-related waste to the nation will top $1.2 trillion.
Happy Hump Day!!!! Looking forward to the weekend already :)
have a blessed day sexy
Got a message from a very important person in my life that deeeng near made my night
Newark, NJ, Mayor Cory Booker should run for president.
I cannot wait!! They really want u to go the same time we do so u can hang in our room Pheonician!! Or stay.. lol
we all have our story
Cover tonight at Kilroy's Sports is only $5 per 2 people. Once you're in, everything is half off!
I can tell If I like the song 2 seconds in <<<dabeat>>>>>>
My mom "sex hurts tiara right?!"...me no not really its kinda delightful! Mom face (<U+2299>_<U+2299>)
RT : Kevin Na great in post-round presser. Funny. Self-deprecating. Says the pre-shot routine is as painful for him as us.
Bieber ? Princeton ?
looks like our Arthur Bryant's bet redux. See you in the sweet 16.
Is there a play??
#funny ;-) “: If you put down the hashtag, no one will get hurt ... I promise
1-5 are good, trying 6 for the first time now, 7-9 would constrain my time for the current 24hrs (but will attempt if necessary)
we're you able to find ?
Best time in Fay spending the day with my crazy blondes
Does anyone else gain 20 pounds in the target fitting rooms?
Ocean City for the night. Need to de-stress. Although one day isn't enough.
hey there!!!
and I think my sister has my phone charger so I will have to text u in the am k :)
yeah man he's a real good dude
The only difference between try and triumph is a little 'umph!'
cant wait
WTS GREAT WINTER SONGS Hot chocolate, a snowy window sill and 's "February" = a perfect winter combo.
I thinks its pretty
its just music that speaks to the soul,man...you gonna make it out to gwar tonight?
In the last months, we've seen Paul Bearer and Paul Heyman return to WWE. Who's next? Paul London? Paul Burchill perhaps?
Hey Don, I got a great one for the 4:00 Flashback! Remember Superdrag? That song "Sucked Out"? Can you play that? Thanks!
Listening to Kobe rap lol
Just enjoying that earlier. So damn good!
Good first day! Tired though...
#mywordoftheday Dedication // god, family, values, goals, education, charity
I lalalove raiding (or is it rating? Whatever haha.) Ate Mariel's closet!
Thanks so much! We're glad you're digging the print guide!
thats how it is when u down & out but that nigga should take that as motivation(motivational fuel) then rise up out that shit on they ass
fav rut buster. Take the boy to the local community pool and let him splash till he is laughed out.
With my boy ross and and gina its good to find out the truth about someone
ha!! That's not what told me
What's up!
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn’t happen today. – Laurence J. Peter.
Fresh. I love that.
On the way to the bookstore to take a few loads in my hole.
My face is sunburnt from the #brewers game today. I'll blame the headache & dehydration on that...
For some reason, my nose decided it smells manly in my house. Went sniffing for the source to find mum frying bacon. Afterall, bacon=manly.
Instead of brushing my teeth, I just put Listerine in all my drinks.
then NBA players should build Olympic play/pay into their shoe contracts. It is 'free' exposure for them and Co.
Encouragement for the Day: Don't be afraid of your potential & Never apologize for being talented
Just got out of practice.
yes,come to milwaukee!!!!
Spiderman reeve carney just swung through the door at letterman w his fellow castmates. Taller than I thought
were being so lazy because we are full o:
Anonymous asked: and you’re the one who can tell Justin what to do? you’re only jealous of him because hes...
she's a stud
It's just that the bottoms of muffins are SO much worse than the tops, you know?
Come by Booth 1877 and get your $100 Golf Travel Gift Cards from My Golf Concierge and Girlfriends Golf Getaway!!! Booth 1877
We prefer the West Coast for the National Parks and scenic wise but the East coast has some great cities. What are you into?
#Promorrow. Prom tomorrow!!!!!. :)
Dear dad- what's a good face tattoo to get if u suffer from adult acne?
My preceptor is the best
This has been a really good day since earlier this morning and it keeps getting better.
dunno what to expect
Be your self. Be your self. Be your self. Be your self. Be your self.
Did you know that when you donate your unwanted craft materials to Small Craft, you can get a discount on taking a future workshop?
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW PLEASE BEFORE I SLEEP ;[ PLEASE ! <3
Just read "Beloved" by Toni Morrison - loved it. Stay tuned for an exhibit from the Archives on banned books we have.
request for photos in #SF #manhattanbeach #BeverlyHills #dallas #NYC exist. Check to see if requests are near you. Earn $ for your efforts.
Dead mouse ar xs tomorrow nite, do u have a table setup?
Really? Who came up w this? Becca's right, absurd.
is working on a home page a website. What is everyone working on today?
Thanks for keeping us posted. Please let me know the KTRU news as it breaks.
you cannot talk about anonymous w/out discussing slaughter. If you don't want to address it, at least acknowledge your reason
What's the Brain Bang? (:
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong. Oscar Wilde (1854 - 1900)
In class talking to David and Johna. I'm gonna miss them when we leave here.
you inspire me ms. shea :P PS THANKS FOR NOT VISITING ME WHEN YOU CAME TO UMW
Atleast I learn from my mistakes n moved on in life I am not like them lol defiantly not
Thank you for spreading the word and dishing out some mad love. Saving lives = good karma all around.
I KNOWW IT SUCKS.!!!
ah okay intresting story .. :) okay its 4:22 in the morning here, i've 2 sleep right now :D ..
I haven't tweeted in forever! Time to start again <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
RT : Free concert tomorrow with starting :30am!! Come dance the morning away!!
Your losing when your girlfriend prioritizes twitter browsing over you.....
is throwing away the work sheets. They are counter-productive. We learned more math making choc chip muffins this morning.
On the phone forever
YGE BWEN todays alerts both are starting to move great swing trades
son how?? hahaha
She said she miss the old me.. Girl don't tempt me..
LOL They probably are but they crack me up like no other!
I took my entire offense aside this morning and assured them that I am the genius I know I am.
No ETT21 today -- We'll be back next week. Thanks!
Horse-riding joke part 2: Check. Now to go from 8 minutes of funny stuff to a solid 5 minutes of constant hilariousness!
Will you dance with me ?
Contemplation is the distant cousin of action...
When I graduated in '01, the DotCom bubble had just burst, then post-9/11 recession; now Great Recession. Now this?
You guys are amazing!
Boston radio is bad
elle varner is bad
A panel about making a mark in Charlotte and there is beer involved? Yes please @
Heading into the audition... !!!!
Echoed from NDWFD Station 52 'Carderock' via : Coolest app around
Thanks for spreading the word! I hope you can make it.
i like ur tweets abotu how to treat a gurl cause they r all true!!! <3 lolz (; follow me
Cereal :D
Some ppl never learn. Any further effort to tell them to stop will reset the counter & they think it's hope.
Never underestimate the power of a little challenge. This month I proved I could ride to work every day, and anywhere else.
This : Here's where we'll have to agree to disagree: I don't call a ball getting chopped out of a guy's hands by a DB a "drop."
On the way to the airport, Miami here we come :)
I would go to jail if it meant that the Suns would benefit from this.
Girls are so ridiculously petty.
when will you be arriving in Chicago for your event in Schaumburg?
62 days until graduation
Going into the Arnold Schoenberg exhibit, I checked my bag in locker number . . . 12 of course!
Follow the team, its more than a dream!!!
just added the app!! Nice.
if M5 would have started singing "Brian Wilson"...now that would've been worth watching.
Thanks for the RT!
I only saw the replay of it. Caught the last 7 mins of the game.
Damn. Little guy has the moves.
Trying to experience the abundant life
hi there :) No I'm not, I just looked for people with similar health- conscious bios to my own.
I just sent you a message on your website. I hope you are interested. Thanks.
GIRL! Talk about a crazy ass weekend and that to start of monday...I feel like I want to hide under a blanket.
Yes it is - how is blogtv looking?
Didn't even realize it happened but yayyyy!
Congrats! That's awesome!
I've never heard someone say thank you like that.
wait a minute? So all that money & huffing about the cancer boxes and they still can't detect an underwear bomb?
I forgot: if Newt were in the time of Leviticus, he could have 3 wives. Nothing wrong w/ polygamy back then.
oh ya haha HEY!! I totally forgot ha:) sorry, so.... What's goin on?!
it's finally on iTunes!! Excuse me while I go beg my parents to get me an iTunes card so I can go buy it!!!
We have an immediate opening for a copier technician. Please call to set up an interview 303-778-0600 - Sal Gamez or .
Game 3: OKC taking the mavs behind the shed Game 4: OKC pulling the trigger to end their season #SpursNation!! FTM!!!
Where is attrt
I did not yet..
#IThankGod for my family and friends + Everything I have (:
What did you lose??
Another lazy day
Whoa, I have 204 followers.
no tv, use my MAC and Eyetv.
what if they don't have to remove their clothes but make a conscious decision to do so?
Thanks for hooking me up. I'm ready to be an active participant. :)
WORD! RT "Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something, and has lost something." H. Jackson Brown Jr.
I'm checking out the new sounds of AM & Shawn Lee, and Fool's Gold at Mercury lounge tonight.
hey, is your dad Al?
for following Harmon Design. Uncustomary Design | Custom Made Best wishes for networking success!
Fishers resident who wants to elect a Mayor? Follow
son as I get home I'll make it up to you :-*
I miss you shay!
Thank you to all our soldiers and veterans for their sacrifice
Hey what part of Dallas are you in?
Yes. It is true. I was just bit by a #mosquito in my kitchen. #MN spring is officially here.
The most difficult task but the most rewarding because once we know who we are,we'd realize we are only fighting against our fears
what is your favorite fashion accessory?
lousiville cheerleading is my all time dream! hands down favorite team! congrats (:
Today must be mental day seeing that my mom and sister are both being psychos.
i think u should put a video oon youtube tellin wat mb like in a girl and like funny moments
lol heck yea they gone get worst
where's your favorite place to get pho? I've been on the hunt lately!
Music just ain't listening its understanding What your listening to
School libraries contribute to student achievement above & beyond test scores: life long learning; digital cit'ship career skills,
I'm so happy that God has blessed you with your own show. You have a wonderful spirit. Congrats I'll be watching.
Kinda mest up But I Tried my best ! :)
not only does it not take Courage to make false promises. Some would call it spineless. Get real ,)
*checked out <---can't speak English.
How about former Tar Heel and GMU assistant Scott Cherry for that job? Always enjoy your tweets by the way.
Aww Thank you for the kind words-It is just typing. BUT I am having a hard time seeing the words! Ugh! Might have to give up for AM
mw3 demo is one of the worst game types in COD history.
Go find me on myspace HunterSETH!!!
I thought you hated balls.
RT : It's funny how "Lights" by Ellie Goulding is new to some people...
You should press charges on that individual who threw flour on you. People shouldn't think that they can get away with that!!
I didn't tear up at My Old Kentucky Home, but I did when I saw Anthony Davis.
Beautiful waxing crescent moon w/ earthshine tonight.
Hell is where the police are German, mechanics are French, cooks are British, the lovers are Swiss, and it's all organized by the Italians!
wa only 3 hrs of sleep but still awake!! hehe
Wow! What happened to Public Enemy? They used to be one of the best live hip-hop acts.
Sixty-eight percent of a #HostessTwinkie is air. Now that's some good air time.
Sorry, Madison area teams only.
Three and a half shopping days until Christmas! What's still left on your C&B wishlist???
": “: WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL IS ON KDWB THANK YOU ” welcome!! #1DKDWB"
I was thinking more about the D-Will for Carmelo proposal and the comment re: D-Will's time in Utah.
Bitch I'm a pimp... Ofcourse I was only around 4 the money
I'm telling you man, 'short' the stock in 2 weeks.
Aww damn. It's been a while since I tweeted...
quality twitter time ;) missed you too! : Missed my training session today with !!
Smile to SOLVE problems, & Silence to AVOID problems .
Thanks for the shoutout for 's comic project. What he's raised so far will help so much in getting it started!
haha, do you know if we have a quiz over Brave New World tomorrow too?
Some work days are longer than others...feels good to be home.
Welcome to Twitter! I still don't know what the hell I'm doing! Lol.
At least from our firm will be there
Thank you! Looking forward to hearing Claire! I think she's got a bright future :)
No problem at all man! If it's cool, I'll be sending a LinkedIn invite sometime this week. cc
single swaging:) #like a boss :)
congrats, you've got a great little app there!
thanks... A bit awkward, but it makes me smile.
Get 30% off and free shipping from Ann Taylor Loft using code FRIENDS30 at checkout
I just saw right behind Pauly D!!
what class do you teach at USD?
to be fair, that Fox interview is fire.
Maybe I get to clingy or just need to fall back
My boys r washing my truck on this beautiful Saturday!
sounds exciting!
Danger Snack Does....Chicago!!! Tonight! Help us get to the Chicago Improv Fest. 1030pm Loft Roger Waters, Van Halen and bake sale!
What do you mean what do you mean?
I'm so proud of Austin(';
Idc if you don't like me , I'm not here to be liked & I'm not here to please you. So hop off & get off my bra strap please
HAHAHAHA my cousin went to prom and his date got wasted and ditched him. Aw. What a slut.
Hey I only need 2 more followers till I have 600 please help me out!
has a new-found appreciation for Bluegrass
Earthquake in Chicago. Seriously?
Ismay: "You cannot judge #Churchill by ordinary standards. He is not like anyone you or I have ever met. He is a master of contradictions"
Victoria, here we come!
it is most certainly that haha
wish your mom a happy mothers day because of her, you're here, and I'm thankful for you. Please! <3
#guardiola to #manutd! Start the rumor! “: I blame the people who invented #champ20ns and #t20phy for jinxing us”
Bwahahahahahaa wow. Wow. You're adorable. Happy travels home!
Gay straight alliance
#iwillneverforget how much women and girls love finding treasures when they swap closets
Thanks for all that you do for the Twitter #JAZZ Community : }
Great webinar with Alan and Kevin on new facebook timeline
got my hair trimmed yest. luckily even tho my face is fatter than last time i got it cut it doesnt look as bas the last time :)
I know folks and NGOs in Dakar and Mbour, Senegal. Tell me more....
Oh, how could this happen? I loved that place.
The bus came early & it was raining, wasn't my fault
I AM!!! PLEASE FOLLOW ME
good computer back up if you need one: mozy.com
you can always chirp Don Cherry ;)
Additional #thatcamptx props to and (whose Twitter names I just learned). Thanks for a really great experience!
Tuesday Night Live is YOUR CHANCE to be funny on a live comedy stage! Email to sign up!
Fantastic, look forward to having you in! You can check out our new menu on FB.
Haven't seen a negative comment about The Avengers. Forget the box-office, that's a huge milestone in itself.
a clear sense of direction? ba-dum-cha! sorry :(
Swept Away by a Slight Breeze; Pride and Irrational Dislike
News of Bin Laden death last night produced an average of 5100 tweets per second.
'The Woman In Black' Is the Most Successful British Horror Film in 20 Years - Hollywood Reporter
I love that there is such a thing as the 'Apostrophe Protection Society.'
I'm way too busy to be going to a conference next week. Yay for multitasking!
That was so Tony Gwynn of Tony Gwynn
maybe today?
Beautiful lies, but your beautiful eyes through your beautiful smile, got my heart broken into pieces.
Philadelphia Eagles 2012 Schedule - Yahoo! Sports
Way to be a douche
wish I were @
Mr. itgirl thinks he knows things. He does not.
1 more final & then I am done for the semester. Too bad it is for the class I strongly dislike. On the plus side, after 9pm I am all done!
this girl that sits at my table, no one even likes her lmao
I love you your a beautiful creature and I love your voice
March 30th and It's snowing outside my window here in Rochester,NY Haha welcome to spring in upstate NY...
Just woke up on the couch really confused. Must of passed out after using all of my brain power to soak up soccer knowledge.
Very interesting, thx for sharing! democracy in schools makes a lot of sense.
Was taught not to tell jokes with my mouth full“: make sure he tells lots of jokes”
those things had me gone
Here here!
"Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass. It's about learning to dance in the rain."
SNEAK PEEK, YOU IDIOT.
I didnt see you ask that sorry
Greatest sequel ever made-Godfather Part II
man. those guys are still around? awesome.
Woohoo - we're going to get back to racing yet! #daytona500 officials order drivers back to their cars. Let's giterdone!
#NGTakeAway: Caption is important! Sometimes it's the story behind/outside that draws people in. Always accompany your photo with words.
time to get ready for work now...
um why do you think silly
Texas Rangers are gonna win tonight!!! Champions
:) excited for our polish party tomorrow
pshh thank you :) YOU TOO! did you know you're the only member of that follows me? thats why you're my favorite!
Lool to that dessert?, you crazy
Disagree. #Caps have as much young talent (along with this years draft) as any other SE team. As long as they can keep making..
Merry Christmas Everyone! Xoxoxo
Child services should've been waiting by the exit to claim all the toddlers who were brought to Paranormal 3 by their shitty, shitty parents
just blew up the Internet... and we're back.
You rock!!!
we could share it. You get it during the day and I'll have it at night!
hi Love.
: Avid genealogist?
I'm tired and nauseous all the time :/
RT : 10news: 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell' Policy Ends Tuesday: Hundreds of people on Monday celebrated the final... bit.ly/ouy22M
if i'm watching Morgan wrap the presents does that count as helping or not? lol...
We are in it together!!One town goes down...or radiaoactive..there goes our real estate values!! CA Economy at stake.
yea I know.
Yesterday will be on Pennsylvania imradio.com @ 3:49 today!!
Thanks to everyone for their love on the Mike Eden piece. His inspiration will help us mark a new day in the collective fight!
you fuckers stay away from stephin hill and alshon jeffery
Disagree to a certain degree. I get some awesome checkin deals and some deals with my integrated AMEX card.
ty for all your amazing support!
Unfortunately I hit my follow limit. Followers tell your friends to follow us! There are so many more I want to follow!!
I didn't feel no shaking... Wait... Maybe cause I'm to drunk! Lol!
Oh, so close and yet so far away. Sorry (we do have Trust jobs that don't have that requirement).
The best works are those that teach us how to see - or, at the very least, how to see anew.
PS: I still own and enjoy a 7 inch Droid tablet. It's decent 4 what I use it for. Books and Web browsing.
#DontYouHateWhen U call ur ex to check on the kids an she never picks up the phone
... That comment is a perfect conversation starter... For a girls night out!
Espn is terrible
looking for inspiration at the Wisconsin Women Leaders Conference
And I dominated in a game of basketball. Lol jk, we lost.
lol my last count was 296 pair. M oh I got some sexy ones hehe
I take more pictures smiling cause ppl say I have a beautiful smile : )
Who is up Mt. Washington .. I got an hour to kill ...
Damn you!!! Well I didn't really care after Colton left
The teams in the Super Bowl = Lame Sauce. But I'm determined to make the game day awesome by winning a pool :)
I love when I find #pineneedles in my scarves. Go Natalie.
Working 11-5. Taking my break now. Only 2 hours left of actually working! Which is good cause Im starving!
“Refrain from anger and turn from wrath; do not fret—it leads only to evil.” -Psalm 37:8
tryna stay out the way and do what needs to be done . Hbu ?
To quote a good friend of mine, MATT BARNES
So you send text messages with your bored? Some people take naps
Shout outs????? RT or Favorite :)
sorry... because i don't appreciate you like i should... :/
Yeah, screwed. Not so fashionable or functional. Gotta get my spare pair fixed mañana. Phuck…
I predict a Dem PAC will fund a Ross-Perot-type 3rd party to cut into #GOP votes. Don't be fooled America. Stay with #GOP to save
hello dailybooth hello
LTE-Capable Windows Phones Should Ship In The First Half Of 2012
Side Effects of Black Pussy: May cause sleepiness, child support, and distraction from goals. Please consult a doctor before over-indulging.
Project Runway winner Seth Aaron Henderson shows off his new solar-inspired clothing line on at 4p! cc:
So...I love when Pitbull says 'uh YES,' for the 3rd time in Dance Again.
I'm getting real tired this.
Please say yes! l - you have about another 90ms to decide if you want to come on and debate with me tonight. Your call.
can you help my friend ? Looking for gluten free beer spots for
amen brotha man!
Grandmother my words could never replace you could never ease the pain of your passing I need you miss you and love you ill see you again RW
craft and commerce. 515
Isn't it though? Course she was just "Miz Betts" to me then!
According to this nice text I got, I just won a $1,000 Gift Card.
hey you two! Miss you guys bunches.
What Version of Windows will run on the toilet and is it upgradeable?
Tim lincecum's fastball velocity has been steadily declining. Today he's 89-91. And getting rocked.
Ahh glad to be back home in #Lacey after a wonderful weekend in #portland with the #family !
I love the sound of my printer printing.
I really wanna join the navy.
ah idk? :o
opposition trend
I'm officially ready for the blonde ambition tour
Ooh hell no.. this anit working
Ditto! My friend just commented she didn't realize how #SPN obsessed I was until she saw my twitter feed.
Having a nice cup of magic coffee
Photographed a dude today squating 1200 lbs with blood spewing out his nose
Agreed but I still think museum ed people should be involved. it's not all about the comments
RT : Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.~ Demosthenes
People... PLEASE get over this Bruce Harper kid.. Stealing home is not like hitting a grand slam in the world series!!
yes she'll be o.k. The little guy not so much. Had problems w/ current size, not enough attn. from teacher, frustrating 4 both.
Raiders now cut lead now 24-16. FG attempt. Chargers on top.
Happy Friday Twitter. Can't wait to relax all weekend.
I was just about to brag about my #perfectbracket to this point...and then I saw UConn is getting spanked.
Heading to ladies night tonight at . Half priced wine bottles is for guys too.
I do not “get” ideas; ideas get me ~ Robertson Davies
#getting annoyed
Life seems so much easier to handle after a few shots.
I would love to be a pirate.. rich and on the open ocean lol
"What do they have for lunch at Monster School?Human beans, boiled legs, pickled bunions and eyes-cream."
whats good son
thats what im saying.....they dont look like they came to win. N my boy Griffin inly good fa dunkin tho...idk! Smh
it's online. I guess I can watch it.
Thanks AA for the in flight wi fi... Destination: Panama City!
hahahah. Of course. Honey badger stylin
Just learned the term "transactional advertising"
pretty much.
Thanks so much for the mention!
If you're wondering why I'm tweeting about candy so much it's cause there's a huge candy bowl in front of me at the salon & I have no will
A massage would be niiiccee <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it. Confucius
Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible. ~ Doug Larson
Got the mobile activated. (taptaptap) Is this thing on? Can anyone hear us?
AH THAT'S SO STINKIN' COOL!!!
What's the story Wishbone?
I've been checking out Viewpoint with interest. Do you know the Platypus Affiliated Society at all? we should intersect
Thanks for the RT Dave!
I dont mind spending everyday, at your corner in the pouring rain .
Miss ya all too! ;) Can't wait to see you!!! You all Rock! Make my life awesome~!
Is on Spring Break!
Some people just look like aliens
Rock star #branding tip: Any media coverage of your industry is an opportunity to tell your story.
RT : Make yourself valuable to someone! ~ GOOD MORNING
I was just bawling my eyes out and Alibi and 100 Suns came on my iPhone and 's voice cheered me up. Thank you so much Jared!!!!
though perhaps looks best when paired with Nick Johnson's mustache
THESE ARE NOT NEW WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT
I agree it's so stuipd
A writer should never use the phrase "Words cannot express..." It ranks among the silliest, most impotent ironies.
Oh yeah! How could I forget #DerbyDay ?!? Guess I'm having 2 drinks tonight lol #leftmybighatathome :(
Happy Mother's Day to all you hard-working, wine-drinking moms out there!
#magicjack are gonna be might blue after the sky is done with them. Go
my bottles of water too. Yehudah needs to train them RT : Ok, tsa- u can keep my sunglasses. Wear them in good health
that moment when you need to pee so badly, but don't want to go 'cause you're having a great conversation with a cutie c:
No Worries Ms. Pauline :)
S/o to What's been good bruh?!
This is a scary movie I'm in, but I do it for my folk who genuinely want me to win.
I'm Looking For Somebody With A Nerly Perfect Body, Pretty Smile And Some Tats Where Ya At Where Ya At *Babydoll's Voice*
2012, the year of ! #FF to some cool ppl making it happen Fwd!
I love unique ppl be different do different things dont do alike
I'm really tempted to say fck work and just not go. Sighh. But then I think about that NEW car I want before summer gets over.. Sigh
Someone should paint this. :-)
NO deserved it. I call shenanigans.
. Drat!; just got on Instagram. Wonder how long after #Facebook buys #Instagram it has a time line format also?
So thirsty bit don't want to yet up
Shaun Connolly says hello
today i dont feel like doing anything nothing at all
Great to see you (last weekend) too! Your kiddos are just adorable. Hope you found lots of good stuff at the fair!
finally getting my truck back soon
ok. Then what am I doing?
it'll all be over soon... :)
highly doubt it's at family video
#MyFavoriteTravisPorterSong feet ball
The most depressing progression of a retail space: a closed-down Halloween Adventure store in a closed-down Borders store.
SA peeps, meet me at Sushi Time tonight to drink for charity. 4553 N. Loop 1604 W. Ste.1101... See you there. :-)
no problem. I am in! We should wangle as well...
I've had this migraine for four days now... It keeps coming and going. #:'(
Today in 2006 47-1/2 year old Julio Franco of the #Mets became the oldest player in #MLB history to hit a HR.
happy B-Day pretty girl!! Xoxoxo
More poets are letting the degradation of nature to enter their work..
haha its fine :)
why is it crackheads, inbreeders and ghetto ass people talk so damn loudly about their drama in public places? Shut the hell up up losers!
thanks, buddy! :)
haha really? I thought it was ok haah I'll try to make it more fun next time :D and your welcome:)
All things are difficult before they are easy. -Thomas Fuller
QuickPlaySport is at the Grass Roots LIVE show at the NEC all weekend, come and see us on stand 560
in your dreams mister
my favorite avenger is the Iron Man.
#InMiddleSchool I hated my life.
I had a great tough love LoL teacher last night. "You can't jungle with that." "But I read..." "You can, but *you* can't."
"What the hell is a feel good movie? All movies are feel good...except for Schindler's List."
#ClassicAlbumSundays tonite in Williamsburg #Brooklyn. Blood on the Tracks.
I don't mind crowded but metro + crowds = I'll let others run this one :)
cool. Will look for you at the break.
You are very welcome! Make sure to grab 's album on iTunes and let us know what you think! Spread the word!
I often hear ppl suggest that sustaining a true dialogue w/the community via Twitter is impossible. I wholeheartedly disagree!
Good Morning to you also. Yes, #FLYEREDUP over here. Cant wait till 3.
A Little OldSkool Treat... Chevy's Fresh Mex!! Fajitas! Get in My Belay!! :p
hard work. But very rewarding.
Me and my boy go back like white on white K-Swiss and Duckhead khakis!
do you know what part of florida!?
Chapter 2012 Page 79 of 366 Our "great" business ideas are only as good as the consumer demand we can create.
Sweet Sixteen was >..... See ya in CATlanta! iu RT ": Indiana ---oh wait.. Ran scared."
Tater tots will surely fill the position for yous ;D
TY! RT : #FF We specialize in tradeshow and event transportation, logistics, freight, & warehousing and...
mahalo! From Seattle!
So Facebook buys Instagram, AT&T sells the Yellow Pages, and Blackberry is sitting in the corner crying.
47% of rural students live in poverty in GA. To help - effective teachers, pathways to grad/econ dev and tech to connect teachers/students.
amen to THAT!
Crawford here to stay, Varitek, Wakefield more difficult. A complicated issue - Peter Abraham #
OMG. I thought it was supposed to be spring.. not winter. I'm freezing!
It's about to for down. $mokeCLOUDS
"Let Me In" and "Red" were two recent favs. Looking fwd to seeing the end of Dexter S4 (although it's already spoiled) :(
We are here to evolve n grow. We are here to discover who we are. We are here to transform our surroundings in keeping with who we really r
Current number of Beatles songs downloaded: 96.
The next best thing to being clever is being able to quote someone who is. ~ Mary Pettibone Poole
I see you've downloaded Draw Something.
Looking forward to having you join us on Thursday. I have so many questions. I'll try not to hog the conversation from others.
Exit polls showing again tonight that ECONOMY is biggest issue among public. Why does local new media ignore it so much then?
I understand lol
She's calling on libraries to preserve researcher-created special collections. IMO: important, but *very* technically tough.
has joined Stryve as a Network Partner! Check out our new Organizational Effectiveness Forum featuring Tammy Erickson...
hell yes he is. i celebrate his entire catalog...and I like riding night trains too.
Now that I can access your column :-) title is misleading,and it feels like you're arguing against several straw people. 1/2
I don't think there's a separate schedule for this; I think they're writing it into the agency schedules.
Colin Clark suspended 3 games for homophobic comment. Homophobia or racism is a disgrace to the sport, league, and beautiful game.
Thats crazy i was just singing this RT : #np 112 - its over now
#TheVoice viewing party tonight in warrendale! Win a trip to see the season finale with
Ron artest out barnes out banks starting. Lakers in trouble maybe?
Think I may have to read the
Y'all just now seeing my Avatar Of me & ?
Well TwitterPeeps, reviewing d Oscars with you was a blast!!! #GoodNight.... #DreamBig ;)))
Finally a day to go big! Some networking and some 85 mill tube pulls.
Love how the cubs are beating the cards 4-0!!
Hmu sometime! We better party together this summer <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
(squealing with excitement) Oh, I just discovered it and it's oh so much fun. Finally a place to share my quality nonsense.
it takes less letters to define the word than the word itself. Yup, I think you nailed it hammer.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. Robert Frost (1874 - 1963)
Don't miss THE MEN tomorrow it is an EARLY SHOW!!! We play first.
I was going to say that one too! With the crab. M<333
getting ready for work luvy
great job #kellyclarkson!!!
#GWAS or run out of Jergens
I wish Thanksgiving Day was closer. I'm hungry.
Jumping in - the reason I use agile for qual is cause estimates are hard. Sprint reflections have helped tons w/ that.
His ability to chew silently won him the coveted Reuben award.
S/O to my 420th follower: LOL.
It does for all functions, except certain linear algebra functions (e.g. those lin alg fns req pro). Which function did you try?
I seriously wish I was the neighbor on the other side.
Did you hear that drivers? Danica wants you in a nice straight line next time.
boyyyfrieeeeeend video, I need you, NOW!
Yes, Hello! This Is Osbourne Cox.
*Almost* bailed on my workout today. So happy I got off my butt and did it.
Look at every path closely ...... then ask yourself one question: Does this path have a heart? ~Castaneda via
Still plugging along. These Hollywood people are slow to the party!
thank u for the invitation! let us know the details.
I haven't seen this. Thanks for sharing.
pacos is open today 1130-230, and 5-1000.....enough with the turkey, come and get some nachos!
getting my passport renewed asap for the wedding
"City Where I'm From"... #amazing Keep doing work cause I can see it on your beats man!
not as lucky as I would've liked too...but there is always today ;-)
Loool my friend said i like your hair its a hot mess like hot not cold lol
go get it!!
I'm most likely about to be in seattle next week. Like friday
You can learn something from every single soul you meet, even if that one thing is how not to be
Psshh I'm about to workout since i have nothing to do this morning
Klout believes I'm influential in: Porto, Barcelona, and Chelsea... moreso than I am for Benfica and Real Madrid. And MUFC.
i did
What albums are you looking forward to releasing this year?
we need to win! fuck a draw!
things are going great.
Normally, doesn't make mistakes. :) We've noticed that too!
Im gunna start school friday
keep up the #momentum .
Threshold of low-income families increased in Guangzhou | Where ...
right...tho wasn't until that night that I realized just how overrated Page truly is
Not until it happens and I don't screw it up!
The Japanese mobile platform reminds me of 1995.
thanks! Never used it before so I will give it a try
hookers and meth. Always a good way to kill a day ;)
nothin to do......so bored
The waste basket is the writer's best friend.
SOME PPL WILL STEAL THE STINK OUTTA POOP! damn stop being a thieving mooching ass bum and go get a job shheeesshhh
Would love too! I'll bring my floppy hat and we can work/drink in the yard!
For the man who sleeps on the floor, cant fall out the bed.! Hahaha
we mite b late 4 church ray want 2 come but he get off @ 11:30am
haha, were you able to keep all of them separate? :)
what vet do you go to? I hope she got an ear full!
That'll do, pig.
Oh interesting option re: Schwab. Thanks for the tip!
Not feeling good :/
Took a nice shower now I'm about to call it a night with my bestie on the phone ! We have a convo to get too. Good Night
2.) I love to meet new people and see new things and be outgoing
When it's time to get paid
Hoping the cats haven't destroyed the house while I've been gone.
Awkward Moment When Asked "HOW WAS IT" It Was The Worse Expierence N My Life. U Can't Suck Good D*ck & YO PU$$Y FELT LIKE AN SAND BAG
Somebody seems even more excited than me... Does someone need to bust a move??
Thinking about that robin that sat about 10 ft away from me while I was at Spaulding/Grand, and watched four Metras with me...
dude. you can have all my buttered popcorn jellybellies if you save me the licorice ones. tradesies.
Huh..goodnight.
Cigarette after sex - amazing!!! :p
That was a LONG decade for true Prince heads.
Not sure... gentlemen?
Any1 that knows me would know i operate onn an average 28-35 hrs of sleep a week! Err'week
I wish the water parks were open!! I would love to go swimming!!
Who else is attending the in August? We will be presenting there on some of our findings as well as at ASA, SSSP and ABS.
getting really bored about now.
Carl Malamud #dpla Deploy the internet Corps of Engineers - 10-year, public-works scanning project
i just had a weird/crummy day!
I covet your new fridge. It looks like it would be great for storing Dove ice cream bars, Pinot Grigio and kalamata olives.
My day ends at 4, and it's #Sweet16 weekend…which means sweats & hoops are the only thing on the agenda!
All clear! Moving back to our desks and regularly scheduled lives...
whoa, whoa! exciting! details?
follow me please? :)
“: Matusow just said that the FTP owners were some of the cheapest people alive? Really?” He is crashing and burning this interview.
Kinda cool that the #GoldenGlobes happens like 10 minutes away
where is the unsubscribe button for this twitter thread?
My part of the world. Have a good travel day.
Listening to archival tape of Walt Bodine. Excellent stuff. You can hear it, too. It's on #KCUR right now. Thanks!
wat topics did u write ur essay about?
Tonight's #renoaces #pressboxfood update: tamales.
be safe!! Hunker down!!
check email
Thanks for the shout-out! We're pretty excited about it.
loving the tweeting crew. Thank you!
Publishers prefer Word 2004? Wow! I would have thought the XML-based document format would appeal to them.
#GrizzNation all day
: hit me directly.
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible, make violent revolution inevitable. Go Egypt!
Plus Walker tries to pretend that he was never Milwaukee County Executive....trashing it for all those years.
My late night adventures consist of movies, reading comics, writing, gaming if I'm not tired an listening to podcasts. I'll be sleep soon
You're fucking weird and straight creeping.
I'm assuming that changed your life forever?
Dang I'm tired but I really wanna do something tonight.
Seeing the light at the end of the tunnel, and wow . . . it is beautiful!
Some people are just really pathetic smh lol
Tomorrow is the big day! Be sure to check this space tomorrow, 3/1, for exciting Food Genius news!
"the discovery of new talent is a continuing delight." ~ Dick Wolf, Producer Law & Order at the Artios Awards.
mine and all of #BBN are crossed with ya!
Hey LA! is speaking at 7:30 at the #Saban Theater Tonight! She is amazing, come join if you can!!!
Respect goes a long way
Word! RT Got the chick at the store to download 's awesome iPhone #app! #theshirtisworking, guys!
So yall my bday is Friday
are you in AP?!
brad beal is a dawg! he had 21 points with 8 boards. another possible option for the cavs.
Hey - great segment on - picked up latest issue yesterday and LOVED it! Thx for spotlight on beauty of South
That's gotta be rough knowing you're responsible for a loss of life...
lol.. Give me a month or 2 I need detox :)
What are you going to monitor differently?
I'm so bored right now.... I wish I coul talk to my favorite person. <3
no one in general
Just met Michelle. Obama. Elegant woman.
NEW AVI FINALLY >>>>>
I wanna pull a good joke on someone
Happy Birthday, Elvis! Will attempt to eat a peanut butter, bacon and banana sandwich in your honour.;)
You were grubbing hard on those snacks last night
John Madden gives hope to all of us out of shape ex-hockey players.
well thank you :)
Congrats on doing well on the GMAT!
i should just do homework since i'm not doing crap
We love our Brothers! RUSH STARTS TUESDAY! GET PSYCHED! Many updates with the rush schedule to come!
thanks Ashley! I'm gonna do that right now! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
:-) $10 says the moderator is too! “: Being on a conference call, would make me feel grown up, except for the fact that ...”
"Aw you know it's gonna be good!"
Is it bad tht its 830 & im ready to go to bed? Smh
So Ima watching the News nd find out its raining Wednesday
I'm sleepy and it's too early to go to bed.....too much to do.....
my head is still hurting from those french braids but i do look good so i can take the pain
Swag is for boys...gentleman have class
I understand being upset sometimes, but having a bad attitude everyday isn't cute
oh no, that sucks, I hope you get the house all fixed, flooding is never good
So beyond pissed! Im glad my last name not Maddox... Stingy MF`s
"If you're not crazy then you're fucking crazy because everyone is crazy." Life through the mind of Christian Gonzalez
Follow 's very own MAXIM model !
I dig his outfits, always so well dressed and classy (;
no big sonar activities nearby I hope.
"Delay always breeds danger; and to protract a great design is often to ruin it." Miguel de Cervantes
My heart is slowly breaking:'( make it better? :'(
Dang, we gonna YOLO this Sunday at the Drake Concert. Ops my bad, some of us will JOLO there too. LOL
Don't see how people are content with doing nothing their entire lives..
6 days till spring ball!
It looks GREAT. I look forward to meeting you!!
THX for your tweet. I love the man who raised me...Because he was the father to me that he DIDNT have to be.
Mays a good month! Floyd gonna make me bread saturday! My baby born day! gonna slay This hook and bridge tues. Mixtape done!
thanks for everything today! You guys rock!
Ohh that's why you got it? That cop must went around the block like three times before you went down, he was just a dick
Yesterday we met with our friend Steve to discuss restaurant finance & what makes restaurants really succeed. It was awesome!
It's screaming RT It flourishes RT : Is it just me or you can read some people's insecurity on here?”
Amen RT : Businesses need to stop spending time thinking they're in war w competition.Think about consumer instead.
Oh, you read it on Facebook?! Damn, it must be true then.
great to hear from you!
Commission breaks for lunch. Will resume at 1pm.
This bitch gon get fuuuucked up.
Man karma's a bitch
This is only #Game1 yall #Lakers ain't gon keep letting it go down like this...
Is tis something publicly available? Would love to read it too.
Have you seen Young Adult? It stars Charlize Theron. I heard it's pretty good.
great job on the Science of Redesign
I'm not sure. My point is that it's easy to check.. you could tell some sort of story about elegance that might account for this
All the characters on The Walking Dead were dead to me a long time ago.
I suppose I should be thankful for the sleep I DO get.
My mom and i saw driving home. Mum thinks youre the cutest god damned thing.
I've gone from the days of an APPLE IIGS to a Macbook Pro. Thanks Mr. Jobs.
Goat-napping in SE Portland - we have the hilarious video of police officer loading goat into back of cruiser.
Exactly. I think this time around, the issue is timing. What worked at Norwich is definitely different from what works here.
rofl you know i follow you right! im just kidding you know im mexican right :D
We're still fighting for survival, and every day getting the rug pulled out from under us, Nungesser says along the way
Artichokes can protect you from skin cancer & promote a healthy liver-minus the mayo, of course…
An you still aint Learn ! Smh *sigh*
the best photo of you out there.
He'll be surprised by how nice it is if he just let's go and decides to enjoy it... ;-) May you both enjoy your time together!
lmao. So true.
What a week. Albert Pujols gets a ten-year deal, Rod Blagojevich gets fourteen.
lol, I just saw this! It could have been, it was just down the street from me! Loved it!
My goal is simple. It is a complete understanding of the universe, why it is as it is and why it exists at all.
Why not? They are winning Pulizers these days.
It is better than Hangover. It is refreshing to see funny women.
My last day off was April 4 :(
I am fairly certain that Kesha's entire persona is based off of the 2007 Britney Spears.
If your in Milwaukee get outside!!
havent lost ur wit to pregnancy. U crack me up. That girl is gonna have a run for her $ as a teen cc
that's beyond excellent. Congratulations!
Lightning in first place. Break then back on the field for championship game Goin all the way baby!
Finish this sentence: I feel most beautiful when I....
Australian Footballs and some official AFL apparel available from Aussie Sport Stuff...check us out!!!
#attentionwhores. Celebrate death of kids and soldiers that protect freedoms they take advantage of.
No matter fuckin what
RT : Diplomacy is not out of style. History has taught us that peace is stronger than war!
“: THE #LAKINGS HAVE DONE IT! THEY ARE MOVING ON TO THE WESTERN CONFERENCE FINALS!” woo!
No, it's been pretty quiet for us. I'd like to play soon, I miss those guys.
whatever. Looking like anorexic pigeon toed chicken. Lol now what
I find it weird 9news was smart enough to keep Susie around but dumb enough to keep drew. Never met him, never want to.
We're excited you like ! Please send all media requests to Thnx
I hate shoulder days at the gym <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
For instance, "Am I Not a Man and a Brother?", abolitionist medallion by Wedgwood
You came from a woman, you have no right to disrespect one.
RT : Writing Silver Anvil entry // an award-worthy campaign if there ever was one!
Tired of turkey? Come out this evening to support Friends of the Library at Potomac Pizza 4-9pm. Mention our name to help donate 20%!
~Chinese ProverbWe have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it .
Played some Alan Wake last night again. By the end of the game, it will have marked our 5th play through. We <3 Alan Wake.
I guess then at least #Jimmer would have a shot at a ring. Can arrange a trade including #JimmertoLA?
This is the "alarm bell." I foresee Japan saving itself sooner with concern/action, public policy, perhaps immigration--not tech.
Have you Shazamed anything lately?
Instead, he plays this stupid game, getting mad at the media for asking relevant questions. It's childish really.
:) Your welcome and thank you!
Not sure why I went to the mall today... I'm so frugal even the clearance rack isn't cheap enough. has spoiled me!
OMG, your in Wisconsin? I'm jealous.... here I am, doing my homework... and your at a hotel haha. What hotel?
RT : If someone doesn't show you the same love that you show them, this may be a big clue that you don't need them in your life.
Feel free to send over questions you'd like asked. RT : I'm so jealous right now
oh but i thik you know, man! we partied together! wink wink!
How many fingers can you get in your butthole? My record is 14.
I love getting feedback that I can use to improve the site, I want it to be a place you want to go, so any chance I can improve it- I will
Just seeing little kids dancing and smiling because they're enjoying your music is an amazing feeling... Love it :)
Philly should use that whole homeless hotspot idea... Would definitely be better than relying on Verizon
That ustream was madd short but it was oddee funny I was laughing the whole time lol:)
le sigh.
huh? You lost me...
Hey followers, how did you come to start following me (particularly you new folks, who can't be refollowing since I can't follow any more)?
lol ik the Bucks are bad tho. THIS is a surprise.
This is the SOundTrack to my Life.
Fuck monday...that is all
Me Too! I'm sure it'll be a blast! I hope you make it! :)
please help me spread the word about missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht. last seen saturday on water street.
they were so good.
I HATE facebok, i dont want a social network 2 talk to people that I already know, I want 2 friend people i totally dont know & make New 1
Hey how are you?!
Sports are cruel. Very sad to see Hines go.
Everyone please give some time to give a hope or prayer to our lead guitarist Carson, he was in a bad car accident today.
One could almost call it a thunderstorm of tweets... ;p
Random dude who called me a 'gook' at Davis Square but got intimidated when I asked you if you were mental: Merry Christmas to you too.
Dont wait until its to late .
Pretty much girl crushing' on right now at #LuckyFABB. She's so smart and level-headed.
GOOD MORNING SWEETS:)
good job!!
big night hey?!
Wow! we are watching a movie in math class its called over the hedge!
Happy Australia Day, Russ! Hope you are enjoying the holiday.
downtown. Simple stuff right? I tried but so many steps.
Hotmail inbox/spam catcher empty for first time in probably 10 years.
QoTD: "If there exists no possibility of failure, then victory is meaningless." (Robert Schuller)
i cant stop staring at my picture is it possible to be in love with a photo it must be possible because its happen this very moment
Fareed Zakaria on CNN "If doomsday really arrives, a can of baked beans may be worth more than a brick of gold". Sound advice.
Officially drunk with The Carter
Congrats on your 5th bracelet
spanish mamba aka
If you reduce a Congressman of Representive to their simplist terms all they are is a fingre to push yeah or nea according to the majority..
I don't wanna do shit today
Had to call an audible
The straps hurt too much to wear so you take them off and spend the whole day adjusting and adjusting and adjusting repeatedly again.
I need a Reality TV show for my life, crazy shit forever be happening to me!
cut the cheese and it's not that bad for you. just saying.
w mean !! But true ;b
Today is the 17th,I can already say its going to be a great day!
The gentleman in the piano bar is butchering Fix You by Coldplay..I need a gun.
thanks for the retweet yesterday!
Are you a Independent artist looking for advertisment On a blog?
can't make any promises :P
Give us a thumbs up if you're excited for the weekend! Does anyone have fun plans with your family??
i am so freaking tired
Uneventful first break. Starting stack.
did u get my email? U in?
My parents are about thinking of buying a new house:(
Redecorating my room . Hanging pictures everywhere .
The Game Could Become Reality.....Alter Ago...
I hate when you're trying to be strong & not to cry infront of someone & then once they ask "whats wrong" you burst out into tears .
A few sales but zero coupons! Shh don't tell ! ": not enough coupons ;)"
They pass like weather systems, so long as we don’t attempt to control them. Ten
I need a co-owner. Tweet me if you are interested.
well.. wut can i say :) guys like it so why not ;) hahaa
University of Pennsylvania Law School & Columbia University School of Law (Semi-Finals)
Im obviously proud to be team Bieber(:
oh got to try it then. Next week before SVD! :)
Googling Slowbro produced way more Slowbro porn than I expected. I mean, I know this is the internet, but...
"Now isn't this better than sitting at a table? A girl hasn't got but two sides to her at a table."
Sex unforgettable, yeah I work miricles, I'm tasty... <U+2665> - Pink Dollaz
Just got here to class listenin to some jams before class starts. Whatever happened to Nelly???
Way above the clouds
yes, on May 22. Hopefully also writing some code and demoing results, but it'll depend on audience interest.
kk lol it funny how we think the samething lol love u
- Thanks for the mention!
Second cup of coffee and I'm not feeling anything :-(
You know, football isn't nearly as fun to watch when beer isn't involved
what you buying
Westbrook is so athletically talented. If only he could work with Durant.
What about her? Also, why am I getting updates from people who @ me way late. Fuck Silver Bird.
Back to reality. My third day of 2012. And I'm feeling fuckin awesome:D
I am so sick of this
which one? :o
Pall in the Family
Knocked out for 4 minutes after running into a volleyball net and hitting my head on the gym floor playing dodgeball.
with who?
Don't fucking sit there and say, "Omg Jessica your boyfriend is so cute!" yeah, I know he is. He's also mine. Ok.
Come to think of it, BILL AND TED'S EXCELLENT ADVENTURE meets SCHINDLER'S LIST would also be pretty awful.
Beautiful day here in St. Louis, MO! Only 5 weeks until my BIG 5-0 birthday!
My dials are pupilated... I'm baked. I should start a bakery... X3
Its Friday! That means its the last day of work for the week & Inspection Day!!!<U+E00E><U+E105><U+E036>
Went to the basement to get my drums to play RB3 for the first time in a while. It was more fun than I remember it being.
Rest in Peace #AmyWinehouse, another troubled genius who has hopefully moved onto a better and happier place...
I'll be there for yoooouuu, Cause your there for me to.
Great conclusion to the Generations retreat last night--every church should do this-- team did super job--thank u Stevie!
Congratulations Jayson Nix
This liquor got me creak sleepy tho I'm about to ko lol
It's just life. If we weren't suppose to know how to overcome adversity, if we weren't suppose to know how to create
Today is the birthday of our dear friend Averyln Archer, who passed over this year, remembering her this day and everyday.
And a BIG thank you to everyone - brewers & tasters alike - who helped make our 1st public program since our re-opening a smash!
US Airways Fleet Service Agent Wins Ford Mustang, Gets on the Road to Better ... - MarketWatch (press release)
if so, I would say Moss isn't a fit. Smith is the arrow, what could Moss do? because u know he won't go over the middle.
I'm the best at assuming the worst and letting it get to me
Manufactures which cannot be carried on except by the prohibition of for. Competition, cannot be carried on except at loss.
My legs hurt :( oh my god.
i hope this is Russell Brand's last movie. He has to be out of retard english roles by now
you look so pretty!
For water-cooler arguments, please post a transcript. Great stuff; 'a tax code IS a moral document! Keep up the good work. -bg
very funny!
Happy Mother's Day Mom!!! Wish I was with you in Surf City / Topsail Island NC. Have a great day!
I hate those Mahomies who leave Austin because he made mistakes, then comes back when he releases a new song. Like, NO. We don't do refunds.
Great being connected. Jennie, do you work as an actor and or model?
What came out of this conversation?
O.O
My soul loves Jesus
me to!!cant wait!!;)
I'm changing the rulebook.. *members may hump the other runners if they look similar to any of the One Direction boys"
Dance For You is the shit tho!!! On da Deluxe CD
*never, that is.
haha woah don't take my line! and yeah way to rep :)
I know!! It's almost summer again!!!!
yep. Seeing a doctor this week and then I'll redirect my energy towards the Portland Marathon.
that's cheaper than the kevin hart show
you downloading the mixtape friday
I'm so down for a summer job.
Brian Matusz looked close to the pitcher we thought he'd be. Not 100% back, but stuff-wise, he was close.
thanks for the follow!
I can name at least a dozen different kinds of construction machinery.
Twitter can either bring people together or tear people apart... Learned some .. interesting things about people tonight
Oh honored by yr kindness & 2 B included w/
Intuition tells you what to and not to do, but never answers any questions!
haha yes I am bro
LOVE these guys! Great info for businesses and also for #nonprofit causes, too.
Nuggets roll out new team tonight. Are better than the Knicks? I think so
Now, back to my regularly scheduled program, Twin Peaks.
This pulled chest muscle is getting annoying. I can't do anything that requires moving fast...
Transforming Indian Healthcare with Innovative IT - Express Healthcare
Thanks for recommending Sifted. I just uploaded it.
we just interviewed Dr. Jones here in Harrisburg. He'll be on at 6:00.
Every #niners #touchdown $1 drink from bartab! Send us your email and we will get it to you ASAP!
Will not see you boys tonight either, I'll see you guys in Playoffs,
You know you tweet too much when you know no one by their name, but only by their handle.
THIS JUST IN: We are open normal hours today and on Monday!
you mean you just went to the dark side?
You will never make a more important decision than the person you marry.
He's covers the Jets at SNY The Jets Blog His coverage on the Jets is great!!! Where have you been?? The Giants blog?
RT : Best part about 2011- my trip to Africa. Hands down! Thanks to all who supported my trip!
My mom is happiest when there is peace within her family.
'Never sin against your talent' -Tony Bennett
Just learned a new term at #AMASummit - "organizational Alzheimer's" about managing documents for
what do u mean? Drew pearson?
#frontline #money #power #wallstreet -
Easiest way to reduce my family's #energy use: 1rst outdoor clothesline. Not used a dryer in weeks.
Sweaters were hot in the #90's
he has a new job!!! Or I would. He left state farm lol
I miss you!!! Txt me after school babe! <3
I second that.
Thanks for checking in - hope you had a great time at Earthsavers:)
Nadal Seeks 7th Barcelona Crown Sunday Against Ferrer; Azarenka v Sharapova In Scream-y Stuttgart Final David Ferrer will try an stop Raf
How's 5 work?
Courtesy flushes are a
keep your eyes on the road!
Top golf behbey <U+E014><U+E014><U+E014>
Lol.. I have a lot to look forward to!
and a Merry Christmas to you, sir. ZOMG!!! Banana Bread?? Banana Bread??
Hi! Always wanted to Lucid Dream. I have a friend who dreams with others and they go into each others dreams, freaky!
What can be better than being wide awake at 3 a.m. when I have class in a couple hours?
#UWMadison Graduates! Do you have friends and family flying in for graduation? Let Us Drive them from #MKE #ORD. 608-764-2917.
#I got sum FIRE on the way soon w/
Mets and Rangers win. Not a bad night to be from NY!
I feel your pain. I went through a dozen yesterday alone, and I'm only cooking for 2!
You better get me home before the sun comes up... best line ever! from
Inscription Rock (El Morro) is a great monolith of sandstone which Indians, conquistadors, missionaries, & outlaws carved their names.
DM me about your upcoming trip up here. :)
hi there, have we met? I did a day on shake it up. Did we met there?
I'm washing my white blazer shirt for the game tomorrow
!__!+~ SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS FREE PARKING...LADIES FREE B4 11 ....SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Its very cold outside,take your jackets.
that was cruel Cal
Doing work!!
I've been told I'm full of shit.
RT Reminder that Passover is about freedom from enslavement, so #Gaza, anyone?
Don't care that it was a mass tweet. just tweeted at me.
thank you! :)
Gm tweeps $alute! #GrindPays in full when you put that work in.See your dream through,don't cheat yourself by giving up.
Spit rounds like a gun range beat it up like rampage
The excitement of summer camp is building. Have you registered for camp yet? www.rawhideranch.com
Nothin u and yeah what bout u
go broncos!!!!
Late night kielbasa ("kolbossi") sandwich, post deviousness, at Primanti's.
i picked it up but it fell.
Women with birds as last name rule! RT : Florence Nightingale developed the pie chart
word and the fucked up part is u cant even blame front office
We'll be there Feb 15! I think its rained our two previous visits, so hoping for a sun-filled view. But, it's always beautiful
Win Kiss the Summer Hello ticket this morning with
Who is going to see at tonight?!
Meet Nathaniel Joseph Green!
how u been Tommy?!?!
you always find the most interesting games.
I literally am sitting here doing that.
Thanks Karen! It was so much fun!
oh hi there cute stuff, i'm May-Lin <3
DARN!! I put a dustrag under my pillow and the housecleaning fairy still did NOT come clean my house while I slept!
Have a great New Years Eve! We're so excited for 2012! Looking forward to all that the new year will bring!
Star Wars the old republic!
Follow Please <3
I DESPERATELY NEED HELP WITH LEMON TREE, IF ANYONE COULD IT WOULD BE MUCH APRECIATED.
And we thought the commish was getting booed... RT : Yes, after today, the cedes the radio stage to....Barry Manilow.
I don't know why I didn't think of that before, the timing is right for it too. The most obvious answers you don't always see.
: Was that you at the gym last night or am I a crazy person?
we gotta see
CREATURE opens tomorrow!!! :D
This whiskey tastes like granddadssplooge.com
Why do girls make the "duckface" in photos?
Such a thin line between lying and having a bad memory
my group
Saw This Dud That Had Abs Reminded Me Of Mikey And Then He Had On SuperMan Underwear That Reminded Me Of Nick for Some Reason =/
I heard the weeknd suppose to be performing tonight. Anybody knows where?
"Whenever you feel like criticizing any one,just remember that all the people in this world haven’t had the advantages that you’ve had.”
OMG YES <333 Except for my best friend loll.
very greatful that me call time has been pushed back to 7:30 pm
Ate the best snicker.....ever!
how do i reach your camp ? i would be honerd if i could show you my demo
My dream is to get followed by everyone in ... I would love to have you be my first?
Remember, it is all about the kids.... right
that's a little baffling. I would never be able to sit still that long.
San Diego is on pace to add 16k jobs in 2011. Gin.
oh, ok. Thanks!
RT: Over 250,000 bros on Twitter. I'm not saying we're the shit, but...
I'll be there
personally the "stupid person flavored doggie food" that's a WINNER lady!!
Your not weird, or a freak. Your unique and wonderful.
RT : 24 paintings hanging downstairs at Townshend's Tea House on 23rd and Alberta... stop by and visit...
Sorry to interrupt but I believe I've cornered the market on 'blather.' You’ll have to stick to your perspicacious ways;)
Hey everyone!! Tell to go to the game with tomorrow!! Retweet and help a brother out!!
BOO FROG tonight @ Funhouse 10 PM opening for Jimmy Flame SEATTLE
I was going to get their new LP at Amoeba this weekend. You can get some songs from Spotify. Live they NEVER disappoint!
this is potentially true, though fair use is usually more of a defense than a set of guidelines.
no mr simmons was suppose to gimme 4ds for tlking during silent lunch but he didnt lol cuz i was like i was laughing at you
NBA is wack right now it's about the jets
Come in tonight for Happy Hour and watch the 2010 Home Run Derby! $2 domestic drafts and half priced select appetizers!
Why send a rabbit to do a man's job. The outcome was obvious.
“: I love the taste of orange juice after I brush my teeth.”
#SpringBreak in Miami... time to get out of town!
& the fighting starts ... I really want to leave ...
Driving and tweeting is dangerous maybe I should stop
#MegaIIN Feel so centered and empowered after being in Seane Corn's presence!
definitely not a kids film.
well played...can we get a sneak peak of the next big social media platform?
sorry. Had to.
Going to see The Lucky One. <U+2764>
you're right. I'll do better next time. I did give you a few in your favor!
And one... Good play by the #LAkers Bigs
Even if you didn't like "The Help" gotta be happy to see Octavia Spencer win the SAG award.
I had 5 but ended up reducing it to 4. You can check the CSS in the inspector to see what I went with
Awkward moment looking at the calender and noticing that today is Friday the 13th.....
give the gift of the presence of mind to someone today...
addition to the hanson sightings: diana
Twitter has recently lost my interest.. It's not the same anymore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I'd be up for that in 20min or so
Punk'd
I need a hobby
Love doesnot have to be perfect, it just has to be true
2 Hhaha But Im Mostly On This One Now Hah This One Has Vinny All Over And Other One Has Nick All Over
Like a gold beer can or something?
Fred Meyer I can't decide if your new ads remind me of the Phoenix Suns or Fed Ex
Thanks to all our awesome Purple Peeps who continuously check-in @ the Shack! We <3 you!
- how about replying to my customer support email? Its been hours....
the basketball game? Just on the phone like a boss lol
Nothing, you? :)
I'm still studying in college :) what bout you? Yeah,dm ok
Last Thursday of the school year! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+270C><U+2600>
Get ready, tomorrow is the Grand Opening Zumba Classes! Reserve ur space, if u have any question please send it to
i was just listening to that!
omg. lil'mama .
Davy Jones passed away :O what
Thank you. Yes, time in #Iran combined with my academic background.
thanks Erin :)) what do you think? am i crazy?
I cannot wait to be a total nerd and play diablo 3 as soon as it comes out.
there will be so much evidence! i have to prove to my sister that i actually can do that stuff!
Never, never, never, never give up.-- Winston Churchill
So today I decided to wear shorts
: also huge difference btwn 's "my research shows" vs. others' "the research shows." exactly what research is "the" research?
depends on the situation, lying makes it easier for the time being, truth makes it better in a long term
yeah. Keep a nigga posted
Now my Facebook sidebar is filled with ads for private schools. Awesome.
thanks you to pretty girl :)
Dear Windows Phone: Get Your Shit Together - Gizmodo
Schweinsteiger. That name never gets old. Go pigs!
need a vacation sooner than later...#BurntOut!
The #1 song on this day in 1986 was Venus by Bananarama.
vying for title of "oldest" in American Archive: 1906 sound on CD vs 1936 on lacquer - creation or dub date?
People will be killing each other at auction for one of those Golden Opportunities in a few years.
Happy Birthday to my Baby Girl Bella! Seven years ago today my life changed forever. "No one loves you like your Daddy!"
Falk just entered the party to great applause.
Why does Barbara Corcoran always have conflicting information?
right?? I think I need BBQ or a big turkey leg to balance out all the sugar in this Easter candy!
: #TT (titillating Tue) You should follow and like on Facebook cause Matt & Jimbo are good peeps!
One word: Adele.
That you for the tweet Ryan, we really appreciate it. Hope all is well in San Antonio, I love the riverwalk there!
DM Hey Derak, how are you and the family? We had a great time in Georgia!!
Building an online #community ? will show you the cheaper, easier & faster #betterway for #socbiz.! Email
Played #Puzzlejuice - an iPad game designed by -- I was seriously addicted. A GOOD THING. :)
Did so much yard work that i'm bummed I didnt take a 'before picture'. Cleared up the rock piles, built new gardens & walls, extended paths…
thank you sir, you too!!
not really. Dinner with M'lady and probably do some work. Adult type shit.
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
should be every Sunday!. Praying to God that he opens doors and rebelchurch gets their own building. With a rebel yell!!
so......... i just prayed fajir and i don't wanna sleep>:(
Prom on a boat?! #manoverbord!
RT : I used to hate eating my greens as a kid. For some reason they tasted worse than the other crayons.
finding myself doing work-related policy research (on a sunday!). this is about the last thing i thought would happen today/in my life/ever
i dont wanna get left behind again
Then again I also tend2think god isn't dead&that human morality is not a matter of patting ourselves on the back,me&Fredrick disagree a lot
I guess I'll be getting them next then.
lmao. he just called me with not-so-happy voice. hahaha. i win.
all I can do is fire em up. Would be fun to get on the pitch though!
If u wasn't born in LA and ur a fan yall should kill yall selfs rep ur home team rep ur city rep what made u. That's why I hate lame fans.
Sipping tea on the couch while 3 guys make me dinner. Happy Easter to me.
Grow up.
so, i wasn't sure whether or not to share this, but i did get an email this morning from that guy from last night...
Come to Tequila Blue in Royal Oak 11a! RT : having a #cincodemayo celebration while jammin out to
Heard of separation of religion and state? Related: stop pushing your values down my throat. I can make up my own mind, hank you!
Introducing whisk Reputation. Outsourced, professional Yelp feedback management and more... Are you in?
Chemistrys weird..not like school chemistry like real life chemistry.
New Allstar Weekend will release their new single Dance with Somebody on January 27th!
please I want this so bad for my girls it would make their life :-)
#turfcatslive Good luck Austin Turfcats in the SIFL championship tonight!
Lewis was vehement about the fact that the book wasn't allegory but literary allusion (however ham-fisted)
Wonderful day with the family
Pestano gets out of a two out bases loaded inning to keep the Tribe at a 2-0 lead heading into the bottom of the 8th.
: Track Nerd Trivia: which American invitational has produced the most sub-4 minute mile performances? Pre Classic, Track Town USA
Single point of failure: just failed.
nothing says "crazy" like a half shirt and trench coat.
don't recall any such thing of me losing
well u aint gotta add me....ill add you
why? no, seriously why?
Come on out to the Javits for the FAME show TODAY! Great NEW styles... Booth
Fromangs is the easiest and most boring class ever
You must think of all interviews like dates. It's not just about whether they like you, but whether you like them.
yeah, I think it was more about bad business practices--they grew so fast!--than a commentary about the fate of books.
Happy Birthday! Thanks for being such a good friend to the Beyhive!
Sleepless night i feel god gt alot in store for me And im waitin oh lord Move in my life w/bigger and better things Im claimin it in advance
I normally don't travel but it looks like this year I may be taking a few trips <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Roy Hibbert. 16pts, 18rbds 5blks thus far. He's too much for Miami.
hey! I'm good how r u? And no but I'm thinking about making one
Thanks for stopping by, hope to see you soon!
From inside the house, I can't tell if that's a skunk or pot-smoker out in the alley. Let's go investigate.
Good job on your workout!
move tonight?
Make your plans to Join us tomorrow SATURDAY MARCH 19th 4a night full of beauty and sophistication! NO COVER all night!Please arrive early
Last Name Benjamin!
yay for sleep!
the day of Catherine's movie night lol
Maybe you are angry. Only because the way out is through love. And you are just horny and lonely. - hbd - white mike
You are both too kind And aren't we lucky to do what we love?
“No matter how brilliant your mind or strategy, if you’re playing a solo game, you’ll always lose out to a team” - R. Hoffman & B. Casnocha
Cool. Thanks. I'll check it out.
I didn't see it just heard about it. I'll have to catch the rerun
???? Civil War soldiers? Really??
lol I told you yo ass was crazy lol
As a treat I am watching the new harry potter. The funny part is that all the prospective hogwarts candidates in the audience. Imax baby
I have seen tea-length skirts a couple times this week... please don't come back in style, I am too short to rock that look.
time to get me a jose Lopez shirsey. Lol
Why r guys so confusing?!? :o
My GF and I will be there tomorrow, should we start shopping for a new car? ;)
Does anyone want to beat UNC today?
So excited for #Boyfriend!
So I hear. Setting it up is still on my todo list. #viscouscycle RT : is so f*cking amazing.
yeah it really is... its been tough on the family. and she has changed into a completely different person.
Thanks to the start-up mix, you guys are great.
Last night I got some sleep. Today I got the inbox down under 100. And I've got Tramadol. What else could a girl want?
i Love Big Sean (; Thats MY Baby ! i Swear SO BACK BACK
"mine" came on in the store. Shopping + dancing to Taylor in the isle like a boss! :')
I had a feeling you'd gravitate to that song.
That is so true! :)
Sad that the highlight of Oden's career was the release of his full-frontal photos. That's coming from a true fan too.
John Carter and Hunger Games :)
Police activity in the area of SE 119th & Powell. Reports of a shooting there.
Go #Boston #Bruins! We will celebrate on Wednesday!
Have Fun! Sounds a lot more warmer than PA!
lol. Nah. its okay.
Thanks Vincent!
It's funny how teachers think we care when we get in trouble. Smh.
You really had some good one, what a fun game!
RT : #5votes So Sacramento isn't known for being just a rest stop between SF and Tahoe!
I'm really excited to go to my first spring training game. march 4th brewers vs. giants
oh ok, let's go to Isaiah's and actually raise the goal up punk
no problem
Spring is here and I love it!!
She type nice
Happy hour 2-5 every night! 2.00 drafts and ¢.60 wings! Come drink some Fixed Gear!
i disliked Kottaras for Lucroy last night. Tough spot for Kottaras against a difficult pitcher,while Lucroy doubled in last Ab
Have you seen the ugly postcards in your mailbox sent by the Brooks team? Truth twisting at its finest! The truth is David has integrity!
No problem(: and if u want u can cutt my friend out LOL but if its ok then u can leave it like that(: hahaha(;
Save some for me! I'm coming down now!
Congrats got deserve it ;)
That left over spaghetti hit the spot
“: One week from today we rock Tidball's in Bowling Green with and !” hell yeah!
Guess what's under my shorts? NOTHING.
Wtf the music on my phone isn't working!!!!! There always has to be something that goes wrong!!!!
true that! Well thanks for checking us out man, we really appreciate it
i need more people following me
thinking of integrating yogatailor usage with fitness trackers. so many to choose though .help!
Directioners, one of our own took her life last night. Please keep her in your prayers. #RIPEira <3 x
Thanks for your blessings! :)
Getting pumped for the photoshoot with the Cincinnati Enquirer today! Article to come out either July 1st or 8th. Stay tuned!
This game reminds me of the Mia- Dallas series
2day we will b serving lunch in Cool Springs!7100 Commerce Way fm 11:15-1:30.We r parked in the back by the loading dock.Have a blessed day!
Booking car and room for my trip to TN marble Company. Rocks you throw - stones you sculpt.
There are only ten minutes in the life of a pear when it is perfect to eat.
A nice win! On to Canton...
stopped listening months ago.
Class 1 for individuals, intended for email
dude. when are we going to catch up? seriously...
Not yo nosy ass RT : Who tf is him RT : Him right now <<<
you work to hard!
I'm trying to do everything right to keep you
preciate the follow. Congrats on your new endeavours in Canton!
Yesterday I got the answer to one simple question which put everything in perspective for me!
what you think? Most people hate facebook's changes but I'm a loyal empathetic fan :D
and happy mom day to your mom.
I've never seen a tombstone that read: "Died from not forwarding that text to ten people.".
I would tweet something right now, but someone would get mad at me. So no.
Last tweet was a RT from Sorry mayne twitter cut my tweet off...smh
yeah right!
That would make Yuniesky Betancourt the Mr. Brainwash of baseball
This new girl to the team is going to mess everything up....
If you tell me what he looks like, I can accidentally trip him in front of a float, Angry Hulk
curling my hair and watching First Week In with then appts and class :(
tx for the offer. i'll ask to see if anyone here is interested. we've got several partners already in this space so not sure
what you tryna say huh
So, how come no one told me about portlandia?
i heard you yesterday dissing ja about his 3k copies but i feel that its just politics because sold 6k and that was hot
Great pod! Posted it on all sites!
Alright... 20-mile bike ride completed. Time to get back to work saving the world from the forces of evil and complacency!
#Skin care tip: Exfoliate daily.Use a delicate scrub. If u don't have 1 on hand, a tablespoon of sugar or oatmeal will work just fine.
RT : My next show in DC! Coming this Summer! Lion Witch and the Wardrobe! &
People with goals succeed because they know where they are going... it's as simple as that. -Earl Nightingale
Watching 'My Strange Addiction' ....and this guy likes to have sex with his car. Says his car likes it under the hood. That's unique.
Just got home from the Lindbergh Craft Fair and heading to Jerseyville, IL this coming Saturday.
you expect to see the players cry after a loss in the tourney, but besides Roy Williams I never saw a coach so choked up.... wow...
I think part of a best friend's job should be to immediately clear your computer history if you die.
PAC MAN FEVER
ya I might go down there for a couple day this week depends on work but if I do me u and Jeremy are Gna chill Forsure.
Miss you & your tweets too! Oh & btw, I get Tazo Black Ice Tea at Starbucks!!! :)) How have you been?
When you have God leading the way, NOTHING will get in your way!
Derby Day
The embarrassing moment when you lose your phone in your bag....
You're an odd man, Mister Kennedy.
Thanks! Feel free to RT! ;)
Happy Mothers Day to the two best moms I know. My mom and my wife. and Unfortunately they follow me on twitter
NO Alex was dming people and was not here -__-
Clockin' this game . Cant believe they let them come back
I'd be tearin their asses up right about now.
Shabbily dressed people checking each other out at QuikTrip at 1:00AM. Not a story- just documenting a terrible moment in time.
Hood Morning(<>)
Close your mouth and your legs, nothing good is coming out of either
Really debatin if i should even come back to work tomorow
There’s nothing like kicking back with the Kindle and sinking into the best story. That’s why I’m in the “emotobooks” Revolution.
Done w/ math don gota worry bout it!
#AlexiRamirez is awesome!
You can't compare this to a Steeler game, but if you could, it's like the 'Stee's blowing a 21-0 lead in the fourth quarter, right?
nice top down boy band tunes
did you go? I can do it
All of our cases are SPARKLING with all of this sunshine. It really is a pretty sight :)
I don't get it! Crazytalk!
BINGO! “: thats usually the offering - exclusive content leads to exclusive offers #smsportschat”
“: Listening to Iris by goo goo dolls.” -_- literally just started listening to it
My Favorite will ALWAYS be YOU Leslie !!!!!
the best agent ever!!
that's it! Damnit you just saved me a headache.
plz follow me :)
Bison stew with asparagus, spinach, sun dried tomatoes, onions, garlic, red peppers, Charisse's homemade chili powder.
It's a bad idea that we're driving in the same direction the storm chaser is pointing his camera, right?
Yes I agree too, on the more compassionate #DiNozzo and as well as Ziva. It's been awhile since I've seen Ziva open up. :)
#ICantStandPeople who start acting different cause they started hangout with someone new.
Thumbs up! RT Twitter can give you wings but be sure you use it to help others to fly x
I love you! You're awesome!
when someone blocks you but their still following you?..
#Pinterest is driving driving traffic and amplifying SEO.
Appliances aren&#39;t what they used to be: What to do if you have a lemon
I felt like I was in jail today.
Co-workers are bitching about a 5 cent increase in the vending machine. Where am I?
So far, AGT has been only moderately interesting. The guy with the stringed instrument was entertaining...
Girl fuck with me stumble on a gold mine
you're the man, Cole! We're back in CA, so hopefully we'll see you again soon.
the best synonym is cactus-porcus
"Sooner or later you will find out the truth & once you do...all hell will break lose"
Earn 4 times as much as you're making now with Dr. Wiggy's hair extensions! We train & supply! www.drwiggys.com or email
you forgot an "a"
I dont.. And I'm not dumb!! Stop hatin ;)
nahh..gotta start a #riot bih
AH, gaysians everywhere! I'm so tired of these people. So overrated.
Why are you so beautiful?(: #choppin'it(:
Trying to learn a video editing program called VideoStudio 11. Learned the hard way that you can't edit native video from a JVC camcorder.
Randy Lerner goes after winning a championship in a different way.
congrats to and whole team. using tilemill
Q: If you could only eat at one item off our menu for the rest of your life, which would you choose?
So happy for you, , and for Emory!
O. The OCLC WorldShare License Manager knowledge base is included in a WorldCat cataloging subscription.
Don't forget to sign up this weekend for a chance to win a free race entry- we're giving out 5 total prizes! W.indianamtb.com
We are extending the MayDay Coupon Code for today as well. Enter "MayDay" for $4.00 off your order.
i dont wanna get hurt so i never let myself fall in love with you but even then i still get hurt cuz i lose you
hey doesn't matter to me ... you're the one who suspected a booty call lol.
NUMBER 3 ANIMAL STYLE ON THE BURGER AND FRIES. ALSO, ORDER THE FRIES WELL-DONE.......i love in-n-out.
When yo girl get a hold of your phone its a wrap!
Fun weekend ahead!
What show were you talking about?I don't sell tickets direct but I usually can hit up the band and get them to get you some?
Please tweet your answer to this tweet with #trollintuesdays in it please! What's your favorite viral video?
"Baby I just wanna danncee,I don't really care" you ready?!?
My mother left 17 different balloons in my room. :)
LT. I mean you don't have to talk about me on fb, that's shallow, & if you think he's improved the economy then why are we even more in debt
Wish I got a chance to catch your show! Hopefully a 2nd leg!?
On shuto highway and light poles were swaying very strongly.
Thanks for being on our side. Keep up the support and the research. We need more men with your mind set.
Yes sir!
when u are a victim of domestic abuse how do u leave the altercation?
are you in the lobby?
" Ayo I'm tryin' to move up! But they got me stuck in the rut call it putt putt!!! "
RT : UPDATE: According to , investigators don't know George Zimmerman's location.
How many of you own a camera worth more then your car? In my case I own two. Not sure if thats a good thing or a bad thing????
Experience enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again
That was cool. For a second there I thought she was going to sing another song. She is awesome!
So excited!
Well, goodbye 4.0 I'll survive, but it was a nice ride. :).
re: Kupros...finally, a gastropub in Sac. Hope it pans out!
killin it in the both right now!! you next!
Girl you fly
So tell me now, where was fault in loving you with my whole heart..
Were so loud we need ear plugs!
WILL YOU CALL ME? WILL YOU TWEET ME? Food stamp tipster-need your help to fully develop the information--will not identify you to anyone
They’re only the band the Beatles could have been.
happy day to you my friend!
THANKS FOR THE SUPPORT
That is most impressive. Right genre, right agent, awesome. Some genres are hard to nearly impossible to find agents :)
too funny about Call Me Maybe. I see a Rams sales team remake. Luke and I were doing our own version through Kansas this weekend.
No focus = a speaker who won't use live Tweet stream again. Why junk? Was it the talk being poor, or the audience being rude?
thats what she said.
Nope but glad to hear it:P
HERE WE ARE!!!! 370th TWEET! LET'S CELEBRATE!! :D
Best Press conf ever, cant Help but get so emotional hearin the Fight song
I could go for some Hooter wings tonight!
I talk a lot and I'm really loud
Truth is I'm going to start using that as a dramatic monologue for the lulz.
But most importantly Justin Bieber ;) >
Sad..... I really wanted to train tonight boohoo :(
Thank you to all of my new #Twitter followers. I'm excited to offer #advice, #TaxTips, and would love to work one-on-one with you!
how have u been??
So, rich ppl then MT What impresses me: Ppl who spend lots of time with family, take lots of vacations, have lots of experiences
Looking forward to the FaceTime tomorrow! Session looks interesting. You guys were great today!
Bout 2 go 2 sleep full and high...
Our own little #kanye moment? #TomCorbettDoesntCareAboutPennsylvaniaPeople?
I hope not. I like to think it's just an acquisition cleanup and not more widespread. Because I am an optimist
shits crazy. Did you party a lot in Oshkosh?
Daniel Heyman: Bearing Witness. Exhibit in Ruffin Gallery; Talk TONIGHT at the Caplin Pavilion, Law School, 5 - 6:30 pm
sounds like anne balsamo is giving a talk at #nehvectors right now that i'd love to be hearing
Behind your smile, I know there are sorrows.
I love your profile pic here.
It's Taco Tuesday at Lottie's! Roy's BBQ smoked fish tacos Happening Today.
#Walker thug threatened #wiunion Bob ://youtu.be/BgD_HoycD1M Custom heating & cooling 920-235-7263 He deserves a call.
My plans for tomorrow >>>
Thanks for the plug Lamont!! Hope you are doing well!
we already have some plans (: and if you go to Concordia hell I'm gonna love my life
Asked a kid on my softball team if he had any Grey Poupon while at a red light. He said "Grey Poupon What's that?" #kids #imNotThatOldRight?
Amazing dinner for 32 with La Fete at the Boston Athenaeum, drinks with friends, and the train well before last T. Brilliant.
and the front is packed! Industry Tuesday's my favorite day!
doing great. Hope you like the sites and products
Bed rest is probs the worst thing ever for my bank account, but my closet couldn't be happier!
Finals week is here. This week only all students get a 30 minute massage for $20! Call today to schedule your massage!
Snow again? Really? Is this a late April fool's joke?
Todya will be a success as long as i get passport photos.
Yes, very, very scary! How do you listen to a lot of hate radio?
A's need this win tonight!!
i sent another
If there's a proper name in the script, know who it is b4 auditioning. Google in waiting room. It will without a doubt impact how you read.
": Ew this bitch is addicted to drinking her pee." No way :D
hey DEX non ma page official Waterflow tu as Le lien?
All should check out 'That's Amore' amazing small Seattle cafe I play there this thurs 7-9 www.thatsamoreseattle.com
I keep it 100, I'll never need change
All eyes on me 8-D #jeep #topdown oh how I love my jeep
Both are classic "speed and fade" propositions.
it happens. I was allergic to California for almost two years. Hope yours is only pollen shock. Feel better.
On my way to get the hair done :)
yeah no I wouldn't block you LOL.
Do you think Shep Smith is packing his stuff into a box over at Fox right now?
#SMTips: Buy store brand or generic products. Many products are the exact same w/o the big brand name on it.
thanks alot now CAITLYN MAHONEY is mad at your dad because he just left us when its hard for me to walk in the 1st place
Listening to BTR missing my boys <33
lol maz saved it to his computer
Good morning peoples!
. briefs Franco Moretti's idea of "distant reading" & esp its ability to view world literature & noncanonical.
A very interesting thought. Very!
epti LOOKING AWESOME
received a phone call from my daddy this pm censuring me for using the eff-word on my fb. What u think @ that, Willis?
awesome! We loved it.
I already AMsubscribed to you yano :-)
Writing to this next record
you change your mind like a girl changes clothes... you pms like a beyotch I would know hot n ur your cold yes n ur no
Hey. How's it going? Staying out of trouble?
Sobe (Strawberry Daiquiri) is my new favorite drink!
RT : #sdcchi hackathon teams: the Noble Tree Cafe will be available anytime after 9pm. Come on by and hack all night!
...was looking for a nice family film to watch last night....rented "Mr. Penguin's Poppers" by accident. Oops.
God I hate cigarettes!!! So nasty! #gross Side note- #drumcorps is a trending topic! Bad ass!!!
Willy Wanka bars - giving away a golden ticket for a trip around the world.
Stay tuned for Blue Sky and Be In Love Again videos coming soon. Shot with Laura Calcaterra, Alicia Robbins, Joe Plonsky & Jill Michaels GO!
I wanna know
#SignsYourSonMightBeGay; he hates tits.
- thanks! I still feel like a Twittiot, but I'm learning :)
I hate how I have been a fan of 1D way before people in my school and they get tickets to the concert and I can't even get them. I'm pissed
A little pre-game warmup with girls at McDonalds
- month and a half, for me. good luck! It's kinda fun : )
only if you can guarantee a chuckling dog
Really enjoying the sunshine filled fall days here in Portland!
Well that's a relief.
My 1000th tweet goes out to all of my fans that have been supporting me. Thank you.
"If I ever have a son, I am naming him Dad." LOL
Absolutely hate the ten commercial
ok I totally see it now! Idk, it looks it!
It does work! I'd still wash in cold though :).
Took a pole to the dome.
They can't be worse then the previous 2 retards- I hope you know which I'm talking about. Can they?
For u muthafuckers that like to run and tell people shit about what I put on my Tweets can kiss my ass and stay off my nuts. Nuff said!
Glad to be home
#UnderSiege is on #AMC ....one of the few good Seagal movies
You know me, from the OLD me.
#killingfeelings BIG TIME today
Happy Easter!
Once again: if you have a question, put a ? in front of your tweet, and we'll do our best to get it in. Thanks!
Not once....I've always loved boys. The first one I ever kissed was "Guy Galloway" in the hallway on 25 whittier st. Roxbury Ma..round 1980
and what I meant, re: that Grantland article, was rushing both to the majors soon, given our current need for SP and 3B.
i got food, lots of food. You jelly?(;
“Occupy Bilderberg” – Alex Jones calls for thousands to protest ...
Heavy rains and thunderstorms today, and forecast for the rest of week. Made the call to head home and try again next week.
Hey Ladies.. If people on Twitter didn't know you had Kids until today.. You obviously don't spend enough time with yo Kids!
its going Down
dance classes for me!!! yes!
#OnceAUponTimeFINALE so overwhelmed already! ah
Followed!:D
Recruiting up in Palm Beach County tonight.
Why can't we use a portion of the toll road revenue for transit expansion and options? It's too easy to just keep on building roads.
#militarymonday shout out to: and so many others great peeps!
Thanks, looking forward to your tweets!
Sec of State, waiting in line to wait in line
Dear humans: just because I'm 31, female, and have a pukey stomach does not mean I am pregnant. But thanks for asking.
no, like local, sold by the local NBC affiliates (just had amfam, local Chevy, weac, etc)
wow... Really? You can do that? I feel like I've been gyped... and I can say that, being part gypo, myself...
Just chatted with the Phillipines - our offshore JF team! They are so sweet to us!
Dolphins, like Vikes last year took their QB WAY to early.
starships video= a whole lot of sex
I wonder how it feels to be that pretty skinny popular girl that you love :( </3
I'm not a sexist. It's just that sandwiches just taste 10x better when a woman makes them.
Some officers on street say # of protesters now at Capitol could be 35,000 to 40,000 or more.
Sick to my stomach...this would happen on my half day. Ugh...
Are you wasting precious time on things that do not matter with the people in your life that matter?
I don't really get on lol
Romney is not a moderate masquerading as a conservative. He is a radically right-wing authoritarian who once masqueraded as a centrist.
i didnt do it on purpose, i had class all day yesterday til 8 and hadn't eaten since the night before. I paid the price this morning
Hey thanks for follow, that is some car.
The MINI HEART ATTACK you have when U hit SEND & Then notices that the text is sending to the WRONG person...
Casey anthony not found guilty! What??!??!?
it was. and all together good fun.
Last panel chatted up importance of curation in the social world. This is key for all brands, not just fashion.
Excited to be playing Wed at 8pm with You will need reservations!
Wish it was socially acceptable to tell my family to shut the fuck up
Your welcome. What is your PokerStars Home Games club number? Invite code: ? Thanks.
People I Wanna Punch. Go. (Taylor)
I, do solemnly swear that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and DOMESTIC !!!!
Im cold
Congrats to the Milwaukee Admirals for making the playoffs for the 10th season in a row! - rob
The whole community is still reeling from the #JuniorSeau news. It's the first thing that comes to my mind upon waking.
I Love Jordan Benker Because oh now its Breathe Carolina. I like this.
Chelsea you really had to win this match, now it's almost impossible to get up to top 4, you need to win Sunday FA cup, and must on 19th.
Never been more bored. 90 minute focus...
in some instances, students are also allowed to show pictures if it is for academic purposes & if you clear it first
die, blackberry bushes, die!!
If it's noon on Saturday, it's time eat lunch and watch last night's #RealTimeWithBillMaher on
Thank you! Everything Will Soon Begin!Follow me!
Good morning! Busy morning! That crash on 94 is no joke.
This Pandora station based on Air may be what I had been waiting for. Very soothing. Very Franch.
This Bulls-Thunder game is just getting silly. Kevin Durant is nearly unguardable.
Marketing my friend ;-)
I opend up a show for you in jacksonville (the childsupport song iam in the Atlanta area doing music get at me.
#Np never be the same
Look out water park!! We are on our way :)
such a crazy game!
I used to go in on those Choose Your Own Adventure books
let's fucking hope so.
Thank you it is relieving but also sad... I dont want to grow up haha
#OneWordThatDescribesMe... I will say: smile. What would you tell me?? Lol
Playing some ball at the gym. Gonna suck it up cuz its been a min since I shot,wit all this snow..txt it ninjas
RT : THE LION KING 3D opening this Friday at the Capitol. They did an amazing job bringing this classic into the 3rd dimension!
So True!
well aren't you fuckin fancy?!?
Completely Agree! #RushersWantJendallBack ;)
The strong Canadian dollar has ended the favorable exchange rate that Americans enjoyed when exhibiting north of the border.
Meeting w/ 's People w/ Parkinson's Advisory Council today and tomorrow. Excited to see everyone incl.
i don't think this day could get any worse.
I really enjoyed hearing speak to the #Fishers #GOP club at #ClaudeandAnnies tonight with
Ahh okay, thanks - doesn't sound worth doing.
Not sure how Boozer was called for a travel but Monroe took 4 steps and it was fine?
I'm about to steal her wallpaper...
Re-planting efforts in Zimbabwe (Google / The Standard ...
#futureendeavored ... you're crazy.
Just got out of work, just relaxin now
Woke up to see a spider crawling on the wall in my room #hesnolongerwithus #rip lol
green council member of the year goes to: #congrats #brickcity #westward reppin
The 2nd half has started.
i hope za stay sleep all night.
Vegan slice from 5pm-close tonight featuring !
Sometimes i still sit up at night and think...why do i still love you.?
Woke up feeling quite sexy,damn looked in the mirror and thought who is these fried bitches fonking about me 4? Its me and nt u. Trick!
Question of the day: At what point do "productivity tools" become tools of distraction?
Yeah, but he was willing to re-work his contract. That was mentioned 2 weeks ago. He loves our defensive front.
Woohoo can't wait til Sunday when I go to city walk......hope it doesn't rain tht whole day....
Just me, my horsey & a quart of beer.
That awkward moment when you realize your saying every single word of a cereal commercial...
Watching paranormal 2. Interesting stuff.
I did not call, I am responsible for talent at CyberStationUSA.com
I am so late but thank you for the love, Friday! :) I hope that all is WELL!
you FULLY made out with me last night!
:) haha, I know. Just giving you shit. Xoxo also- your mom's done a few jello shots already.
haha me too! He looks like the cutest pumpkin ever :P
thinking smore martini add vodka, godiva chocolate liqueur, top with a graham cracker rim
ah, getting punk'd ! #majorfangirling !!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet ! I probably would break down crying if I met him since he is such an inspiration in my life
It's FOX5 fight night. Pre-show live at 4 UFC on FOX at 5.
Michael Dell CEO of Dell started in the early days of Google+. He hosted Google+ hangouts from his living room!
thank you for the support
Girls night with and katelynserna was the bomb ! I love you ladies !
Noisy kids in church <<<<
Excited to see tonight! #Metals is already one of my top albums. Most of the others are from c. 1971, so that's saying something
Had a good time touring the offices of today. Keep your eyes peeled for our feature on Monday!
iPhone's were meant to be broken
and no matter how hard i try 2 divorce my memories of Johnson co IN abuse, i can't becasue the idiots keep coming back & repeating stupidity
My mom just told me nigger watermelon is the best..
Project Captured's Photo Booth for the Launch Party is going to be pretty awesome. ;)
I had that too.
Thanks for the RTs!
Psalm 23. Chills every time.
man lol you don't even know! I don't think teachers know when a female holds it she gets a yeast infection aha
Thanks to all who came out to the shows this weekend, We had a blast. Was good to see some old friends & also make some new.
Back in LA! *airkisskiss*
My knee is going to punch you in the face. Things says while getting Tuina.
well, well. who knew you had such an insightful read on GOP leadership thought process. silliness.
someone is always here on either Sat. or Sun., so she never goes more than a day alone.
oh right sorry, you know i haven't even had a chance to look, you can resend if you'd like
Just dumped my cable #TV service... Going All-Internet now... Thanks
Thanks ! You're too kind.
notice me?
These must be ACC refs
and others Is there any better way than a now 76 page .doc with highlights to organize my diss notes?
Santorum vows to break up 150,000 gay marriages nationwide, Gingrich calls Obama, not Santorum, a bigot one minute later.
I hate how motocross makes riders seem old... your ass is still young!!! happy Three Zero none the less!!
said, "i come to embarass yall rappers, I should run a marathon backwards, so I can see what 2nd place looks like"
Thankful for our fantastic team and our many talented community (and national) partners!
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out. -Walter Winchell
living life, loving wife, dodging strife. Hows vmvare these days?
ugh at least your not stuck in Charlotte! Half of us got left here and stuck going to a different airport!
aw. That's so nice!!! Well you'll have to do it one day when you're not on lockdown lol
Where you at Mike?
just kidding! I would have done so much better than that!
with only a week to go buy your Tix to the Tejano Music Awards Music Awards.com
Wanna wish a very special birthday to the always beautiful !
What's your "Idea Worth Spreading"?
My goal is to get at least 60 followers by the end of the month(: Help Me! Thnx Guyzz, TiAmo<3
The streets of New York.
Here, here! I second that.
My father is actually half.
Off work early and now for some #PapaRoux with #OoMF Let the weekend begin!
&#9730; Buy USB DVR Tunr Your Computer into a DVR system Protect yourself
Oohhh and Pootie Tang does it again
colts steelers pats
need you to try out your 70-200mm on me this weekend. Want to try it with #pocketwizards ?
just listened to "Edge of Glory" for the 1st time in about 6 months and I have to say.. it blows any of Madonna's new songs out of the water
DailyHookahTip#134: Don't run water through your hose to clean it. The inside will corrode and then forever taste funny.
so I watched that video.. & I think I'm gonna pray for that boy. His facial expressions were priceless!
The epic fight between Loki and the Hulk was amazing!! Some might say it was a little too long but all in all it was awesome lol
I have an idea, how about we actually prepare for the Spanish #APTest that's in 4 weeks!!!
Cool! dude's pretty prolific: Buffy, the movie-turned-tv-show; Firefly, the tv-show-turned movie.
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Serena Williams
I always get nervous when its not cutting my hair
oh yeah.
Had the best day with #dphie love my girls and was the best host
What a day!! NW boat Sports is blowing up!! I need HELP!!!
Why did I say Ok out loud to myself?
I noticed that when people say I've changed it's just because I've stopped living my life their way
will you marry me?
When I'm in relationship sometimes I get pissed bout stupid shit simply cause I no I can....
We are sensitive to the changing needs of #seniors, which is why we do not enter into long term contracts but prefer to remain flexible
I'm on the edge with you
No...off right now
where might i find your books?
Thanks for the re-tweet and fixing the @
A successful relationship requires falling in love many times, always with the same person, but deeper and deeper every time
From 6-figure banker to $30K-a-year butcher As a VP and senior private banker at J.P. Morgan Chase in Chicago, Terry Walsh was the point
With my love <3 enjoying my weekend with him... sadly he has to leave me tomorrow evening :( ily bay.
I loved my kids when they were little, but it's nothing compared to the way I love them as adults. Just sayin...
#20thingsaboutme 4. I wish some people had an off switch. That would be nice.
lol I did... i was on the hill last night and swear i saw you... but it was just another italiano
Taking your own advice>
I want a jeep!
#TheLuckyOne How 2 write a Nicholas Sparks film: 2 very different ppl fall in love, find out one's sick, design movie poster w/ them kissing
The Nutty Adjunct
Yes Even
Excited about what's to come in #D2L 4.0, but will it work in our self-hosted environment? We just want Intelligent Agents to work!
good my love, I try so too :)
Getting ready for a busy week of photo shoots and laughs!
congrats on the move to ucla... my lil sister was talking about it all day !
part 1 reunion
Thanks for the RT! Hopefully Sophie was a good girl this year.
Doing your own taxes is like an episode of Highlander. Romance may occur, but a decapitation is guaranteed. Wait, what was my point?
#YouHaveNoFriendsBecause you ask people to follow you but you dont follow back.
Rt It is not easy being green Support !!!!
graveyard shift is a great motivation killer....can't wait to get used to this schedule so I can get back to creating
RT : RT : Your leadership needs not reflect the era in which you started, but the era in which you currently exist
Thank you so much Linda, it is I who am honored to call you friend!
And I'm betting that there is a security or privacy setting that I'm missing that would at least filter friends posts to groups..
On the phone
Bring it son! Call me if you're serious!
Yeah, I just used the word "guuuuuurl." But it was in a tweet to , so it's okay.
The akward moment when you walk into the kmart bathroom & theres an old lady screaming for toilet paper.... America,, #yougottaloveit. L O L
done! thanks for the tip!
“: In Kansas , about to meet my former teammate/roommate its been a while #doubleshotespresso”-> welcome Baki!
also with this wedding sermon--I'm having trouble avoiding quotes from the Princess Bride.
Big glass of oj n its lights out for me again! <U+E011>
hopefully you do! Would love to see you guys before you leave since the hob show was a fail to hang after haha
hi there:)!
Trunk Shows-Saturday, April 17, 10am to 5 pm. Representatives from Individualized Custom Shirts and Joseph Abboud are here to assist you.
Kenny's thing is everything
Lets do something about your Dry Scalp 2467 Wesley Chapel "A Cut Above" 404.454.1494 rita for your next appt.
tweet me when you are about to pass the door . I'll be waiting (:
Full Moon & The City!
thanks miss you tew<U+E327>
We like the hot fellas and we welcome the Hot Ladies!
Haha that's great! We can share geek stories at MLA if u r going
- thanks! No idea what will happen next...
cause had this idea but with men o' HMCPL but the year has more than 3 months...
So Call Me Maybee
meant the pediatrician is 1st natural contact for family.
My guard is up...but you might be the one to bring it down
omg!! i live right outside of dallas!! in richardson wbu?!!
Doing my best to objectivly analyze my 'fever' through academia.
has been twitter dead for 60 days...this breaks my heart....:
My stupid perfect cousin with her stupid perfect body and stupid perfect hair and stupid perfect belly button ring. F you
that explains it. lol.
Woo! Had 3 Sherriffs vehicles behind me... Pulled over and they kept going... Damn near crapped my pants lol
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 18
Braces are GONE!! *give PEACE a chance*
hey was going to renew my service w/ you, but will pass. supporting rush is more dangerous to society than an identity theft.
so does that mean your going? Haha u have really cute clothes so idk WHAT your talking about.
interesting...different in our house. My guy has 52 blogs and he writes them himself! We always were different.
make sure you follow MTG EVENTS
Of course! I honestly don't know how I wasn't following you already. :)
we're selling cookies for a dollar at culture shock and also doing our normal hours at the store!
Nice avatar.
YEAH TRAVIS SHUT YO BLACK ASS UP
Man my heart beating fast. :)
hahahaha! what's up? :)
I'm mature enough to not get my ass whooped. Especially by younger siblings...you know what...gimmie ur man card!
Thats great! Let's get a team from Great Valley for the High School League
Museums must be core components of community infrastructure. Webwise.
we should go to bww after everyone is done with finals!
Thank you, light and love
Someone, Who, Admires, God! Really has Swag!!
Joe Saavedra of know that air is as important as what food you eat, but don’t know how accessible the info is.
Juan Monaco has really stepped up his game from two years ago when I saw him play at Indian Wells.
wait, can i?
Idiots in the media, quit reporting TRIP's list of roads they want widened as if it's scientific or newsworthy!
As if it wasn't bad enough that cashiers asked for your zipcode, now they want your phone number! What's next? Fingerprints? Just say no.
alright, i think you need to start tweeting ! (:
Hangin out with Stefano from American Idol
Thanks for #WeAreUK Whitehouse coverage.
This #Barnard2012 class is seriously going to Woo *everything*....
Thanks! Yeah I always wondered where they came up with that number...I was told it was arbitrary, but didn't understand!
Oh Sallie Mae, please leave me alone.
exhaustion? Chris Davis struck out 74 times himself that game before he K'd Gonzalez. HAHA!
The world's an ugly place, but you're so beautiful to me.
Can I come chill too?:)
AH, IS YOUR FOOT OKAY! Me & my friend jessica cried when we saw! Hard 2 believe but we did! Hope u feel better Well bye [:
RT : Stop cheating on your future with your past.... It's over.
#HappyMothersDay Im late as hell.....
Hey,please follow me! I love you with all my soul Austin<U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661> 107
They're home with their families now, that's why. :) but I bet when they go on tour in two weeks they'll have more tweets.
. : knows how to #befearless through their steadfast and inspiring interfaith work!
o, well he's texting back now
Is learning to live her life for what it is. Good thing it's pretty awesome!
just tell the haters to put down the bottle of haterade.
To all you mothers out there including my mother who isn't with us anymore but is in spirit have a wonderful day
oh. Well that's better!
what a silly and innocuous thing to be upset about. looks like mark missed real calling: GOP 2012 candidate
Richard, the GEM subjects are definitely not finished, but I will speak sternly to Mr. GEM about it!
just now?
hey, follow
Apple&#39;s War on Android
hehe..all that is salad.But it tastes so yummy
Thanks for the mention! RT : Good morning - support
School's going to start in like, 13 days. I'm not ready at all :D
please do that.
Why oh why to the weekends fly by?
u cannot do stuff like dat dude soo what happen give me all the detailss.....
RT yes please!
have fun!:)
what city do you live in?
Relationships are not about "I want this" or "I want that". Its about two people caring for the other's desires.
Why do I get this feeling at times? Not cool.
THANKS“: And congrats on graduating from #USC You know its time when groundskeeping starts planting unnecessary flowers everywhere.”
Late nights, early mornings .... Life of the military
Another Day Another Dollar....
Overtime in DC!
he does
TrueRT : Real friends don't get offended when you call them bitch, hoe or slut. They smile and call you something more offensive.
We have something for everyone, including our vegetarian friends. Our vegetable lasagna has layered spinach, zucchini, and squash.
Online college education ensures that all your material is gathered in one place. Be responsible and you are sure to reach heights...
ma boi dj shawt hookin me up wit xclusive beats n im gettin to work on my new hits. stay tuned. i love ppl's opinion and criticism. thanks
Thanks for the follow. I also write thriller/mysteries, love cats, good music and having coffee with friends.
There are plenty of people I'd love to kill. Lucky for me I'm a sane person and wouldn't do that.
Thanks for the mention Kyle, I thought that article was brilliant too!
So who's got an asteroid mining competitor I can help with?
exciting news coming soon #PEI RT : Getting ready at The Village!
I used that strategy to teach my son not to be afraid of scary movies, starting with cheesy clay ones and up
sounds good
Mother's Day is really an International Holiday on the grandest level. I suspect that almost all Salons around the country are booked.
Jurors were just sent home in intox assault trial of Julie Ann Bronson, who plowed into 18-month-old in yard w/Mercedes. Resumes at 10 am.
#HarryMakes4NipplesSexy Harry makes everything sexy (;
aha thas cute!! :)
1 hour till the #RoseBowl lets GO #Ducks...!!!
I hope no one is surprised ... I'm not. There is not ONE POSTIVE thing the GOP has done since Obama - and they won't stop now.
Time waits for no man...
yeah, part of it is probably that I don't really take offense to anything. Lol
oh man, are you telling me you haven't seen the StubHub Ticket Oak commercial? You don't know what you're missing
#Baltimore I've been loving the work your town has been sending me lately. B'more's got good music, good business sense and decent budgets.
Oh my gosh I just finished watching it and the chills won't stop!! lol!!
Look for a letter in the mail this week from ICTC re: prep for summer!
hey has #twitterstake oregon ever done a real meetup??
Attending a Theatrical Video workshop tonight at AFI.
Boo urns.
Are you taking any Road Trips to celebrate the first day of spring?
Somebody get Brian Dawkins a diff. hat. Men still wearing Kangols?
Thanks bro!
Playing with spazzed out phones are so fun, even when u dont know what ur writing :-P
Juiciest Grilled Chicken Sandwich: salt, pepper, lettuce, red onion, tomato, chile-lime mayo, bacon, cheddar cheese, onion bun, fruit, side!
Read to a Canine Friend at the Main Library on April 21st at 2p.m. For children ages 6-11. Pre-register online or call 282-4607.
Headache sucks ugh
Like dhh analogy: "A conservative is a liberal who got mugged." Mugged by technology....
my brother just had his first son, future suns die hard! Good enough??
You can take North Carolina off the list of places I will visit.
Enter to win #SelenaTix to meet & go to her Chicago, IL concert 8/13. Follow & RT
I mean, I'm sure the team is upset at loss, but the important thing is that he stuck with Dillard - clubhouse will appreciate that
1st readthrough: accompanied by the smell of weed & garage band rehearsing next door. So Perfect!
what song?
Largest penthouse suite highrise: The Mansions
Bae isnt helpin me so im bout to watch porn and Go to sleep lol night guys!
I guess the only way to see the ones you lost, is in your dreams! :(
welcome back ......to twitter
my mom isn't going to drive you
What's up with girls wearing garters to prom? I've never heard of this before...
Its working, mostly. thank you. Still quite a bit of t hrobbing but manageable.
great #mobility conversation today Autom, w/ multiple Geofence definitions :) great to see at
Boulevard of the Allies @ The Underground this Friday. See this week's The Tartan for info.
ill add u guys on my fb
Jealous of your travels
#FF Inspirational Peeps!
<----What would you put on this shirt? Exclusive apparel for those who live to be extraordinary! and Promotions
We are looking for some fresh artists. Send me a massage with a link to your website if your interested.
Its so different when we kiss :)
we had our second daughter last week, too :)
that picture is ugly...delete
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW: Slim 7 Inch Faux Leather Keyboard Case for
If someone Hates You For No reason, give that mother fucker a reason XD
thanks Riley i agree. Christ is the center and the fight is worth your man
First time working with/for family tomorrow. This should be fun. Nervous and excited at the same time!
Gm beautiful have a great weekend xx
Ugh....Just tell me how you FEEL!!!!!
Distance means nothing when you are so deeply in love with someone.
Haha!! I love following you. So much hilarity. You did see his 2012 campaign, right?
You're both wearing them right now. Don't lie.
Totally Agree!
How does a country with an ENORMOUS amount of natural wealth become recognized as the poorest country in the world??
Sometimes you have to just STOP and smell the roses!
Looking forward to our Chicagoland NW Suburbs meeting today! Speak your way to more business!
RT : Q3 Son loves the videos of people pulling pranks <='Kno Ur Audience' ;)
Q. Three words to ruin a man's ego... A. "Is it in?"
Why do PM's and QS's use JCT and building contracts to procure infrastructure works? Answers on the back of a postcard please
ron mexico?
RT : Everyone check out author page on FB today to check out news on her new BOOK the drama years! Support...
I'm gonna have a wedding dress like the gypsies.
Getting all sexy
been in Toronto for last three days...what a city! So much going on...i don't know where to look!
and here we are. :)
I'm just playing. *Opens arms for church hug*
IM NOT PLAYING LEAGUE OF LEGENDS
I like ur eyes they're pretty #muchlove from
& I miss you & I wish you were here. I stopped breathing when you said you don't care anymore.
Roy Haynes "Snap Crackle" just passed "Mainstream" as the most I have ever played one song.
; Yay, I think you should just come live wiff mee. (;
what are you doing
Just woke up and went to site for my tour dates before I even stepped foot outta bed.
#NFL #Fantasy Keeper league experts. #Stafford; #Schaub, #Ryan. Who ya got?
trying to figure out how to tweet!
#myfears Anything that flies around and can sting me.
Wanna do a Q&A with me? Ask me anything and I'll answer it. Open book.
Got a parking ticket picking up my Dad at the airport. Woohoo!
I bit into the chicken tikka masala kati roll so fast I almost ate the wax paper wrapper.
Sometimes you have to let life turn you upside down, so you can learn to live right side up
Hey art walk fans, come to the LBMA before you head up to Bixby Knolls for tonight. We have FREE admission every Friday!
NO style at the Toc Bar tonight
Wow I cant believe ppl are still debating if "God" is real... lol like really? Wake up and open your eyes!
I've gotten into a bad habit of chewing 2 pieces of gum instead of 1 at a time
#NP Grace - Not Over Yet (Max Graham vs. Protoculture Remix)
RT": MY MEMPHIS MOST WANTED MIXTAPE IS ALMOST FINISHED MAN ITS ABOUT TO BE A BANGER" <<< #TurnUp like u told me!
Paraplegics even say they FEELING me
***Book the BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 cast! And check out So New BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 - LAS VEGAS its on NOW!!!*** email for specials
The sun rises in the east, and caught a home run.
Han Solo's 1st job outta high school: Shipping tests to distant sectors.
yea right lol you would prob. get too toy ducks to EXSPLAIN and ill be laughing
Jack Black grows a beard so he can resemble
parents: youre on the computer too much. I know. I should use my time more wisely by drinking, having sex & doin drugs, like most kids do.
My mind just went straight to the gutter lol!
It Aint easy to keep on being greasy! Lol!
Usually 2 or 3 times a day
sorry I have the urge to rub this in ur face IM GOING ON A CRUISE TOMORROW!!! Woohoo and I'm dating someone
Ready to move forward and start again. Loving my friends :)
-cute but then another kid drew big black X on all interactives, cause "only he could play with them". It all evens out :)
BBL. Good luck to Hughes. Go Yankees. Keep me updated please. Xoxo to my Yankee Family. ;)
Left school early going home :)
RT Inspire a child to read! Tale of A Baseball Dream! Read & Dream BIG!
RT "It took me a long time not to judge myself through someone else's eyes." - Sally Field
honestly. if I woke up and channing tatum said he was my husband. DONE! sounds good to me!
bummed I missed audition last week due to filming. Rory at UDK said u requested me. Thanks much + excited to working w/u soon
"A "No" uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a "Yes" merely uttered to please, or worse, to avoid trouble." - Gandhi
How is this day real?! Take THAT, Punxsutawney Phil!
My goal2Create Wealth2Continue Givin & Increase Giving-ABUNDANTLY, My Divine Existence is to Help Correct The Wrongs, & Help1B Free!
I need to go shopping soon.
Elizabeth Warren discovers she has African-American, Native-American & Hispanic Heritage & she's TURNING JAPANESE
that's a left over from the last Rogue Wave tour. Honest. I don't like football. I swear.
Just ordered a copy of Book-Jackets for the shop reference collection. Ridiculously excited to peruse it.
RT : Love em or hate em, give credit to #RBNY for winning streak. Earning three does not have be pretty. A win is a win.
So the specialty standards are well-hidden, of course. Maybe the first standard is finding them?
Haha T-charts still never fail me!! I'm sure whatever path you choose.. You'll excel! I'm excited for you'll be in Ptown though!!
within walking distance from millbank!
Wow! That's scary, lol. I would run. Me no like zombies or zombie life-like fakers.
Watching Sister, Sister. I'm coooooll.
Dude she said she couldn't do it thursday bc she said she told u she wasn't. So she is monday
RT : Great to see you active again... we were missing your tweets!
in honor of Dali's birthday I'm melting my watch & covering it with ants.
you bailed on me not cool ! lol
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop
I'm fairly certain the girl in the middle isn't wearing pants.
We miss you TQ!!!
Thanks! What about you and ?
IMLS strategic plan calls for sharing reports from grant recipients. Finally. Now I can read the answer to my question: How'd they do that?
Anyone else want to be in my video for Austin? :)
#hijackingTheConversation Beware of chill/dude/bro surfacing after 1st date.NY guys too read Cosmo
iPhone in the toilet is seriously pesky !
But if that person is in the woods..... "Is there an asshole out here? I'm not sure"
You're welcome. So glad your family is on the road to lifelong health!
lmao classy I like it, I'll definitely be thur
Why the hell they playing cat woman this early...
You're kidding! Replay confirms a Cody Johnson fumble. Really?
Come on down to the tailgate, and be on the lookup for a special surprise.
Wht Is A Friend ???
oh no!! Someone hath committed the cardinal sin of coworking. Thanks for making us a fresh pot!
Do you think gucci mane is better?
#BattleBunnies I thought you were going to put the helmets on digitally... I could've told you bunnies will never go for headgear!
Day1 went good, time flew by too quick though. Today we're gonna finish up with Relly Rell, Kathleen, Chuck, Anthony, & the crew
What kind of idiot believes in individual people as "job creators"? When was the last time you got hired by some wealthy dude?
Sorted out some really cool plans today. Things gwan pop off.
Yanks score was 1-7 when I checked early today. Yanks won 22-9 with a record 3 grand slams in one game. "It ain't over 'til it's over" -Yogi
"Spectacular achievement...is always preceded by spectacular preparation." - Dr Robert Schuller
juco too. But yeah. Hope that doesn't have to happen again.
Shrek 2: the fourth highest domestic grossing movie of all time
Ken, thanks for the retweet
excited to be emceeing the fashion shows at THREAD this Sunday! Join me at Horton Plaza to support local designers! www.threadshow.com
#ThatAwkwardMoment when your ex of 5 years ago messages you on Grindr
This app is awesome to see even if you aren't going to the conference!
#sca2012 Poet Robert Creeley's email is available for search/browse in Stanford spec coll reading room. I had no idea. Cool!
Cleveland will always love you
Re-Deal Tues! Mention this ad today for 20% off any bottle of lotion! Members and Non members alike, come get a new lotion at a sweet price!
whew glad I'm there with an inch to spare lol
Thanks! Psymon was my favorite character in SSX3 so I'm definitely looking forward to using the classic character DLC
Thanks for following
my was also, 3x...we are in the midst of fighting these to be taken off his record!!...may go to Board of Edu...
I had the weirdest dream last night
Loved having my students tweet in class today. #FresnoDLD if you'd like to read their spirited discussion of transactional theory.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was like man this so boring but now I'm a addict.
Seeking employment in Austin, TX July 2012. If anyone has any connections to Austin please refer my expertise.
Aw sorry to see you go.
driven to beers.
I am looking for session work. Give me a call and we can discuss rates. I have some openings coming up.
#Crew96 is playing today.... Defense shaky, butt only 2nd game of season
Today: On the Avid, editing and more editing.
good look
I've had several of those today!
I'm just kidding "/
many thanks Vera!
that makes sense. Coffee drinkers in the Northwest certainly wouldn't tolerate Tim's coffee
If it's worth the risk, take the fall.
If You Stay Off Da Internet You'll Know Whats Going On In Da Real World
Thanks Kristen!
Scared money don't make no money.
Super committee cant agree on budget cuts, but it can agree on one thing: censorhip is good & civil rights are bad.
I really don't feel like sitting home alone all night. I need to get out of the house. Any ideas?
im grown to be very mature
Well I lost the Oscar pool to she put up a good fight. Next year, VICTORY WILL BE MINE!!!!
here wacthin tv
who the heck reserves the conference room at 3am?! and watch out , the #librarywarden is eyeing your superglue
another peaceful day in Petworth.
re: size of HIMSS annual show.Yes, I think it has become impossible to visit every booth and find new companies, & new ideas
YOU SPELLED HIS NAME WRONG. YOU HAVE DISRESPECTED THE BASE GOD. GET ON YO KNEES ~
Hey Love the Peter and the wolf references on
Sometimes you've gotta get punched in the chin just to remind you how much you hate getting punched in the chin.
The Chula Vista Chamber endorsed the following candidates: for Seat 3; & for Seat 4.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind. -
only 5 mins left on that thing
if we are what we eat.. then shouldn't voldemort be a unicorn?
My cable guide tried to trick me. I have a channel called Smithsonian On Demand.. on screen guide abbreviation is SMOD.
I should be thanking you
nope, Trib coverage! :) That would have been a good idea though lol
oh how i love naps.
hey babygirl how is your day going you always get me through my day when i think of u i always smile
I meant
hate living in the UK , you too far away ): , pleasee follow me <3 ! 8
RT : BREAKING: Jane Castor is named by the mayor to become Tampa's next chief of police.
me and never talk anymore:/
It's Election Day. Vote for your favorite room theme. Artic Cave? Happy Days? Utah Cavern?
Sure did! And I have leads for you. :)
Where do you guys find Pimm's #1? I'm having a problem finding this.
thanks much for the
Oh yes, most of all, I will not miss spending $334 a month for a #LIRR ticket to deal with all of that!
Had the best time with all my friends tonight!
Yea I wish you were 6'10 200lbs with a wingspan as long as the amazon river too.RT : Wish I could rock a flat top!!!
Def a dicey move but seems like there's more upside for sure. See if ppl care in 3 months
Good Afternoon :)
Thanks, glad you liked it!
Late night Chipotle just happened. Happy #CincodeMayo :)
I would hope for the next TOC old meds drop, that pharmacies would receive a poster to display in our stores.
Currently playing Resident Evil Raccoon City. Man...this is hilariously horrible! xD
: split between the US and the UK :-)
No I'm Not Bitter Just fed up Poeple you need to vote with wisdom ur not at a horserace Ooh I think that one looks good & fast Please THINK
Who the heck is MASHABLE? The Blog?
I hate math class. Everyone around me uses their calculators so smooth and fast like its a freakin cell phone and im still using my fingers.
anna kate was her i love ya gurl!!
Can U Follow Mee?:D please!! <U+2665>
RT : Give up some of the control in your classroom and let students become hungry.
just workin' away...lol! How's the east coast?
Here is the Giveaway!! What's your dream breakfast/brunch? I will randomly pick a winner, who will receive Fruit Ninja!
The experiment is in the house...
please tell Anthony that Alicia is taking AMAZING care of us!
When it comes to your business don't Think, just DO!
Maybe I'm weird but I think waiting for a grade is a lot more stressful than the test, speech or paper you do!!
I think I want to go to the comic con in new orleans this year if I ever figure out when it id
RT : Google, YouTube and social networks have increased their share of duration (mins viewed) by 10% since 2007
for the love of gravy, those are hot! (hot in a complimentary way, not in a temperature way, but I am sure you served them hot)
Can we just make spanish the official language of major league baseball?
Thank you for the follow!
any idea why I can't pin things from your site? I wanted to pin the chicken salad recipe
thanks for the tag ;-)
We powered a Lionel Richie concert over the weekend. Downside? Stuck in our head..."Hello? Is it me you're looking for?"
When Harry thrusts during Up All Night while he sings "People Going All The Way, All The Way" >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
#YouWasCuteUntil i got sober.
Thanks your really sweet (:
In Richmond today for meetings for an energy client.
Argued with street vendors over the inherent fallacy of their dozens of 'number 1 mom' teddy bears. HIGHLANDER, people!
girl, you have some serious design skills! , is so lucky to have had you work on this. Bravo!
hope you feel better. Being sick sucks
The loss of life begets more loss of life
No flukes in NFL (so was "tuck game," helmet catch, The Drive, etc). NOBODY at full strength in playoffs, including Denver
Corn cob or GTFO
Did it on em.
Kwantlen student turns chronic illness into community action - The Province (blog)
Just interviewed by Vince Sims of WPXI-TV News......
Get your libations together and fasten your seat belt. I keep looking at the clock wishing that it would slow dow
hey love
Don't hate me cause i'm pretty, ...okay hate me cause i'm pretty(;
Lifes crazy but Fuck it we all go through it
good one bobby
#FF #ShoutOut Enjoy today to the fullest ! Peace & Love
Did Glee just restart for anyone else?
Well............ I saw a couple air balls, broke shots, etc........from Kobe LA Fans, Please don't say shit about <<<< IJS
Try 'Wahlstedt' .... z=e, common German name.
Its kool though
RT : I love the pic on the cover of March issue of Dance Mag. So great.
Great Advice - appreciate your time
Aww love this!! <3 RT How do your favorite animals spend #Valentines day? Snuggling up, of course!
I never get no dam sleep!
Meeting w/ Deedra Hunter, a cert pet grievance counselor, about her new website this eve. Project should commence in the NXT week or so
Awesome news! Good luck to you. RT We have seen a lot of orders for #easter #ducks Definitely an increase!
roses are red. violets are blue. your face is really cute. i love you.
A coworker who is a OSU fan just brought me a box of tissues to my desk.
Looks like there probably won't be any guys at Mabee tonight after 7. That, or they'll all be packed in front of the TV.
(I saw the original series when it aired on Sci Fi Channel in the 90s and I felt the film did it justice!)
Omg...Twitter i gotta go...mfs tripping and they made me the ex...smh...
What?! Sad! Explains why the Tough Cookies aren't so tough tonight! :( RT Stef is now skating RiEttes only
Big Happy Birthday to my twin, CAM NEWTON!!
Haters are motivation
my thoughts exactly. Lol
So excited for your premiere on Frontline tomorrow!
thanks Jay! Happy St Pats!
Buying a house?! That is some man level shit!
Two words of the day today: sorrow&perspective.
How might 1 like to be evaluated: Want diversity of contributions recognized. Provide input on aspects that are important
ESPN 3 live ... Replay on 5:30. “: what network is it on?”
I I had a dime for everytime a homeless person asked me for change I would still say no
Firgured.. you are my everything dawn i'm just not your everything.. :/
3 1/2 hours until I turn 25. I can hardly believe I made it alive.
Late dinner after guest lecturing in UW global health class tonight. They're off to India this summer.
1<U+20E3> final down 3<U+20E3> to go Let's do this
Another one tomorrow! RT : Take a look before it's gone. Beautiful NM sunset.
So there was a news story that toys for tots was short is it too late to help?
heard they are the best live. when they get to #Philly we'll get tickets
Troll Hunter was ok, I guess.
This committee seems hell bent on killing the stadium bill. Don't put this #jobs bill in jeopardy.
RT": I have sum ulgy ass friends but sum hot ass follwers #ijs"<--I'm in that 2nd category! ;) lol
Baha me too. People are either impressed, concerned or both when they find this out.
Might be time for the snow tires.
RT : "People are just ready to sacrifice someone to the gods"–would-be skier, via the , regarding the current snow crisis.
Did enyone ever tell u that #FLAME is one of the best songs? :D
hahaha that is top secret information!
Going downtown?? Stop in and see us open till 9!! We have what you need! :D
Rockin last few days at Faultline Studios!!! Michael Franti and the Rockin Heads, Tennille and Ganesh photography in the house!!!!
bahaha you're funny!
Pop up gallery is phenomenal Mark Baugh-Sasaki transfigured lands you need to go
RT Any truth to the rumor I’m starting that the Twitter bird is pregnant?
What a great day in NYC! Central Park, here I come!
well yeah cause I miss my bitchez and my family -.-
oh they could totally join you in your cube...it's what makes cube life fun
You are too kind, little c! Sending a birthday/anniversary hug your way!
Checking out tonight. Place looks sexy. What to drink...?
Treating myself to a mammogram and an eye exam this afternoon! Funzies!
I just hocked a loogi on luxury. Felt good.
AQUS is ready to go! .0067s up and nice bids in the .0060s!
because I'm pretty lol. Idk I went to Georgsville not stringtown
omg hellogoodbye thank you for reminding me of them
About to wash & study for my last final :)
I love Anderson coopers ridiculist .
So roughly: playwrights shouldn't have a stake in the creation of the world of their own play? They need to mind their manners?
March has reached 55 Water St, where people are doing the human mic. Speaker says "This is how Occupy Wall St got started."
He quacks up! (classic Dubble-Bubble joke--took me almost a decade to get it)
hey Anita Minyon Moore here. I tweeted about you last night after watching soul train awards. Miss you. Miss your voice
You've had a great run of The Spidey Project. Congrats!
Glad they recorded it! I'll be watching once it's posted.
hahaha typical. I hope your response was
Celebrate the holidays w/ Kona Pipeline Porter. A true face-ripper.
Don't ask me why, how or how many times a week, just understand that fitness recognize fitness and warriors will always go the extra mile
maybe you should take a shut up pill you just drink some water and SHUT UP
never been noticed by :(
hey Paula, hope your having a great day beautiful :)
Prediction...Pack will take Kellen Moore is he is there.
a dude texting another dude happy bday at 12:00 on the dot .....
if she just went and got me a new pair of glasses, i wouldn't have this fucking problem.
Oracle Is #1 in Corporate Performance Management Suites (CPM) Revenue Share for 2011
looks like it's happening..A Wolper w/ T Brewer trio at Birdland Jazz in Berk on 4/22 at 8pm-ish
We do! This wknd the whole site will be 15% off. We will be announcing all the other sales via Twitter and FB:...
yeah. Me zk and Hewitt
. That's very perceptive, since over 60% of people who have abortions are mothers to at least one child.
Conga Room Los Angeles! December 2 & 3--"Los Van Van" concert. Buy tickets at: Congaroom.com. Discount Code "LATIN" for $5.00 off ticket!
Everything is built on foundation without that u have nothing
I can't wait to see you on
#deardad happy father
Peter bring in Seth is looking exhausted
Hate on me hater, Now or Later!
My phone doesn't know what "hug" is.
Family breakfast, Cubbies game, Harry Potter at Museum of Science and Tech, Dinner at favorite greek place - Greek Islands. WOW, family day.
ik like it was laying in my folder and he just took so i was like ok then whateves! and ik! omg i'm sad its over though haha
Love it
you gain 50 pounds...unless there's chocolate icing... Then just 10 :)
Just landed in Detroit. Back from Baltimore for the #SfAA2012. next: 500 page book and massive amounts of grading.
Today's Soups: Tomato Dumpling & Country Vegetable
The boys wanted Five Guys burgers. There was no argument from me. FIve Guys burgers rock.
RT RT : Too many people say Ricky Gervais wasn't funny last night. No wonder Grown Ups did huge business last year.
really dont wanna read this book for english. fuck.
Hour and 40 minutes to get from LAX to Sunset exit on the 405
Today is the 1st anniversary since the Japan earthquake/tsunami disaster. Be wary of spam or phishing emails about tsunami charities.
Celtics-Heat tomorrow afternoon at the Garden..Who you got?
I can't call as I'm in the air right now. Need to rebook on flight DL2097 today. Can you help?
Loved today! :)
will the Patrice tribute be on iTunes? Would love to have the whole thing
Just when i was startn to think u were about to start acting like a man POOF u become more of a younger boy then what u were at 1st
Hey whatss up mahomies??? I stole bonnies phone so i could tweet all youu! Haha, so does anybody need a austin mahone bandaid?? I know i ...
amazing comments from kids in 3 countries comparing level of #racisim. student: "all people are equal no matter what color they are"
Hot grooves!
Praise the lord <3
A great exfoliating scrub is mixing 2 tsp of sugar,salt,or oatmeal with a face cleanser and voila! Glowing skin!
hash pipe
I am going into the "Family Business" of building outhouses!! Saving Americans money, and putting people to work!
Jim Nantz has beads, how attractive.
story of my life. all day everyday.
Score! M83 at Black Cat on Friday, Little Dragon at 930 club on Saturday. Gonna be a great weekend.
R.I.P Dad.... Im going to,miss you!!
Such a good night on "Dancing with the Stars" and on "The Voice". I'm Fangirling hard as f*ck !!!!
You ROCK! Thanks again! :) Have a great weekend!
I no yesterday i said i would post today...some stuff came up though and i cant post...i will be able to tomorrow tho...im so sorry guys
cops are people w jobs and families and homes taking orders from bosses. If I tell my boss no, I am fired. Same w cops.
thanks - timely. cursed out a few stop signs this morning.
“:Folks,Special prosecutor#AngelaCorey is no joke. She not rattled at all by these questions from the media. #trayvon martin”
Good service. I vote the girl lead singer needs to try out for american idol. She's legit.
super stressed out :[
It will be very interesting to see who World Peace guards. Obviously he cannot guard Durant the whole game.
A fair warning in such matters is often a sign of a very unique person being wisely protective. I respect that.
aww how cute
are you and vinny bestfriends(: cause y'all always talk and hangout!(: your lucky to have a friend like him!<3 reply and follow?
Sunday Wifey, wats good? I want my ring back. Glad I signed that pre-nop smh
Ustream should be up shortly
no doubt, gotta get some custom made ones your way
Stoked! Headed out to Hollywood Friday to go long with Time to blue sky and turn the BIG IDEA into the NEXT BIG THING.
I feel like I'm talking to a 2 year old right now..
11year olds cry about not being wanted are u serious at that Age iwas worried about My favorite cartoon coming on ...smh
Dear Life, I have a complete grasp of the fact that you are not fair, So Please - Quit teaching me that lesson!
thanks so much! Glad you got a chance to make it out and hopefully you had a good time. See you next week?
And then you cry and take Advil. The strain of moving house crushes the soul of the introspection that such a time deserves.
Shot a hilarious commercial. I took several bullets to the chest and THEN got beaten to death. Got to love that European sense of humor.
I love this shirt!! Beautiful job!!
Breaking on book 3, Autumn in the City of Lights is DONE!! Writing to commence this weekend!! Wish us luck!!
#BeliebersAreAliensBecause we're so amazing that we're out of this world (;
Not happy with the jidf. Falsely accused me of bullshit claims while stating I was the one starting trouble. why do you follow me?
you're on
hey hey... you're the first to #FF us on the last Friday of 2011! Thank you. Hope to meet you in person at a show in 2012!
Tune in tom. 11am - www.wsmnradio.com for Green Talk! We interview John Viera, Director of Sustainability and Environmental Policy at Ford.
How can you make $1000 this month? Or, what will 10 people pay $100 for? It's a worthwhile brainstorm about your marketable skills.
are you stalking me?
o my gosh really!
they sure did!!! thanks again RT Hope they helped draw the crowds right to you!
#HarryPotterChatUpLines you don't need to say "lumos maxima" to turn me on.
Happy Birthday!! :)
"Q2: What was your favorite book published this year?" STUCK and STICK. :)
I'm assuming this just happened...(;
He did. Radio gold.
Google Adds Posts From Its Social Network to Search Results
Where will you be for the Thanksgiving Holiday?
A friend of mine once told me that sometimes justice can't be achieved in a courtroom. Perfect example.
Canblaster > all other dj names cc
Having a pre-margarita beer
Hey Ags, did you know that you have to play two halves in SEC games, too? #hookem,
In DFW? Head out to Cooper's BBQ @ 3pm tomorrow in the Ft. Worth Stockyards to meet us, Klingons, and more aliens for A GOOD DAY TO DINE!
Done. Ticket for myself and Can't wait for my first visit to !
Gah! Streaming audio is like trying to pour ketchup with tapioca pearls in it. My kingdom for automatic transcription software.
So proud to be a Coyote fan!
I can’t wait for #AskRyan thats my favorite time (:
Thanks for this tweet.. :) We've got a lot of great products from the east, and this makes us proud to have them. :)
Better than counting yours years is to make your years count.
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair
OK. So that was a lot of fun. I've got an appt in 30 minutes, so I'm out. Will certainly have to do this again!
Enjoying my DAYS Off You better Beleave it in my ( lil Boosie Voice ) ! Free Bad AZZ
so pretty!!
Things that currently make me happy: Juicing with bok choy, skinny jeans + boots and William Fitzsimmons.
Did Judy work her magic again?
“: everyone going tell that dalls cowboys are better then the giants" no giants are BETTER
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Money...Is Not A Miracle. It Is Simply A Reward For Solving A Problem."
girl me neither. I'm wide awake.
had a fine dogwalk with Wendy & her pup, next to airpark. small planes almost land on our heads.
The tragedy in life doesn’t lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach. – Benjamin Mays
you're "1 of the guys who gets it." I've appreciated this 1st hand! Thx for advocating to get all best minds @ top.
I LOVE THIS IDEA.
DJ Toni K had the crowd grooving at Fendi's #FNO party!
Happy Mother's Day mom! Thanks for all the little things you do.. like bringing me into this world !!!!
Have fun, live life, and smile while doing it!!
like my picture?
A bad way to start off a first date is by showing up late...
You Never Would follow a flaw girl like me.I hate it how its says you dont follow me!And its my B-Day!Im 10!
people suck.
I just watched "Hugo", now I'm wondering why I'm supposed to care about any of that crap.
i am going to become a rapper and play at teen nights. how bad ass am i?
Anyone sign up for #CreativeCloud yet? I'm pre-ordering soon! Thoughts?
Attention co-workers and music industry folk: Today, I will be ending all my email correspondence with "...and make me a samwich."
For Feburary, We're offering a special Price for those who wish to Help celebrate our opening. Coupons @ www.addwire.com/coupons
Sick of the rain and cold in NE Ohio? It should be sunny and 70s starting about Saturday, and lasting into next week.
if you texted me text me again, because I had to restate my phone it's being a dick
Respect all things that are placed upon this earth - whether it be people or plant
I cant stand Rivers who I always thought was over rated
yous a g
Watching My Pudd =) Love Him To Death <3
Barack Obama, call me and I will show how to create a job. Either step up or get the he'll out of my way. America needs our help now!!!!
There's nothing that gets my heart racing faster than hearing my alarm as someone's ring tone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Pple be on some bs
Yes, we did. & screw preparedness: this is my kinda fun. "I feel like you're driving me to a Court Martial; this is crazy!"
Wow. Five plus hours of sitting...
that is amazing idk :)))))) he's so perf
"If you only manage the future, you will only learn from the past." Bob Prince, CEO of Gen4 Energy Inc.
What's POPPIN tonite shit just watching movies and talking sum shit I love haters they keep me motivated n focus on the big picture
is it me or does P2 sound like he's singing the same song
I'm going home this Friday/Saturday-Wednesday. Please say you'll be home?!
you fucking pussy!!!
Hanoi to Hue today
While you wake up today, someone is breathing their last breath. Thank God for another day. Don't waste it.
Today's #Pricing Tip: The use of Big Data will provide online retailers opps for more refinement, specific targeting & better pricing
Congrats, Chris, on so many fronts! Such great news!
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
No wwe news today or yet
Sitting up front in the #vanpool today. Moving up the food chain.
IF that is the eastern conference foursome I am not watching anyone besides Washington
great pic! Looks like you had a good seat. :)
Learn how you can take off from where you are with at
you're such a fag lol. I'll be home at 3. Come home and watch Batman with me
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus
What's a must see in Montreal?
RT : LightSquared may be dead, but it can be thanked for driving down the wholesale rates of mobile broadband.
Drive safe! RT Heading back to SD at 6AM I need to be asleep!!
I say stuff I shouldn't say. Shoot.
If you try to mess with free will, you'll get found out & you won't have any loyalty
How cool! Sounds like a memorable vacation. Merci for sharing your image!
proves why that stat is flawed.
Go out and paint the town red this weekend! Oh Wait, don't do that hire us!!!
I followed you
:) So awesome! My parents' 31st is the end of this month also!
Don't miss BORIS The Crusher Oatmeal Imp. Stout, a GABF '11 gold medal winner ($9.99/barrel-aged $19, 20 oz); Aville Spirits.
How does a lowly expo pass holder get the tablet? :(
Followers dropping like flies after that one..Yes, it's important we take our craft seriously, but be able to make a little fun of ourselves
#3WordsOfAdvice See no Evil
": Just han awesome dream but then I woke up and I saw it wasn't true"Dont U Hate When That Happens! No MegaMillions 4 Me!
Well said Ax...
Needs mo #Money and less bills... need a get rich quick scheme...lets get famous.
The sunshine sure feels good! Take time to enjoy it today!
is this Keith Merritt?
abdo drives one
I have a crush on . I wake up early every morning with Mommy to watch her on channel 8. They call it puppy love I think. X
Leaders of Pittsburgh's Jewish community are meeting with 'Abdu'l-Bahá.
thanks to 107.7 the bone for spinning the Wilders on there airwaves over the weekend. very cool of them.
RT In the spirit of my Must Exercise New Year's Resolution--How do you work the gym into your Mommy Schedule? I need tips!
been firing up the vocals and getting to record in Florida with Brett Hestla (Framing Hanley, Creed, Dark New Day)
LOVE #NominateADate. that's very brave of you. Can't wait to read about it.
awh thanks:) you were cute yourself;) haha
Great paper! Looking forward to finally meeting you at #CSCW and working on my paper right now for the #crisisinformatics workshop!
Tweet me if you wanna promo for dms to Austin & Alex! #leggo <U+2665>
Seeing Katy Perry running in the Adidas commercials makes me want to never buy anything Adidas again.
ya se Marie “: told you Lisa.”
Hanging at the pfister at the ACLU Bill of Rights Celebration
#NFLrookie advice: As a rookie, the vulnerability of being new to media attention may catch you off guard. Get #PR ready!
Watching Americans Ninja Warrior. They make it look so easy.
FIji Water;)
Howard Ruff Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak. Sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
Fun night enjoying #Hardbodies at with , and the non-twittering Valerie!
My son sound asleep.
Im at a payphone trying to call home all of my change spent on you.
Took a break for awhile but im back! Let the fuckening begin!!!
Hey everyone! Will you all do me a HUGE favor & follow my new twitter ? Thanks! :D <3
Tiger was swinging the way HE wanted to. Im sure of it. I dont think he needs a coach.
Do you know of any other boxers on Twitter? Send them my way
Facebook. Dannison Black the only name on there.
Roger Bart is everywhere lately and , as a psychiatrist on both.
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 to enter to win a #FREEPIZZA! Normal messaging rates apply.
frozen yoghurt m
Gonna watch spartacus and then go to sleep
Follow the Leader
Heard a lot about pinterest this week. Only one person warned us about copyright issues. Hope they get their act together
I love chiptunes for podcast purposes!
In other news I am so lonely and need Buffy friends. I know is though.
you are adorable...thank you for the chat!
A dad is their daughter’s first love. Happy Valentine's Day!
Catch me in south beach out of da reach of police....
I want my happy bubble back
In downtown San Diego at the Church in Little Italy for Elizabeth & Kevin's wedding.
OMG Thank you, Diva! Are you blogging it?
lolz I got u
Thanks for the RT! We sure appreciate it and are really looking forward to
Believe in yourself and God will take care of the rest.
Pierre Charron~ He who receives a benefit should never forget it he who bestow should never remember it.
nice to meet you too...
I am. Lol
The most expensive house in the world cost $1 billion. It is located in Mumbai, India.
“: Big day for ! Selling out of brioche macarons! Love my job x1000000000!”
#WeWontWork if you don't enjoy seeing me high. I like weed.. Soo sue me? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC>
most males dnt care bout how dey treat women due to selfishness
I'm heading into my second hour on the phone (as usual) so well see until the next problem arises. -_-
back to Chicago. I was here for three days on business. So tired. Just caught a look of my face in the mirror. Eesh.
My fan keep making weird noises and I think it's Aliens.
Going back to South Carolina next month...
Shaylaaaaaa Text Me !
how did I not know Gingrich's ringtone was #ABBA Dancing Queen? #mindblown #closetcase #3wives #huh?
I hope that Mason didn't pick Jets over Ravens because he thinks they have a better chance of making the super bowl :(
Will Ferrell hosting SNL solves rating problems. Anyone who doesn't find this funny has no sense of humor. Best host this year.
Wow, a 6?! I'm way more of an asshat than you! ;)
it was a good one. I though I saw that you were there on foursquare when I checked in to the session
welcome to the world of parenting gadgets.
<3 You're amazing(:
like my abs(;?!
I'm a very lucky girl. Sometimes you go through hell to get to heaven. I'm thankful for all the great things that have been happening
it's probably easier to enjoy before you've heard of Whitlock or grantland. That being said, the show is unbelievably good.
RT : talking about spaces for young children. How do u repurpose open space to allow kids to have a physical encounter or...
Thank you man!
follow me up here twitter
I never knew about ChinaTown until October when my friend took me there ... I am slow
Thanks, Slice!
Who are some of your favorite local bands from your town? :D Send us a link to their twitter accounts (^_^)
My vagina is like a convenience store. Clean and reliable, and closed on Christmas.
Knitting a Long Tail in Niche Publishing by presents on Monday 3/12/12 See you all there!!
can u tweet back so I can prove to my friend that u r really plz plz plz
Running on 2 hours of sleep.
i hate when a guy calls u ugly
oh no no no... I'm at Brian's going away HH next door at Petra. Come say hi!
that mermary and merjoseph with merjesus at the end are AMAZING...
I wish I could spend all day at the Writing Center... if they finally fixed the air vents.
On my way to show some love to
I'm going to open up a little bakery cafe with quick service and call it "Allegro con brioche."
Hmm...what song should I cover next? Any ideas? I kind of feel obligated to do "Payphone" haha.
It I'd very ironic how much I'm quoted in the preview article for valentines day dinner show
happy birthday Cuz!! Love you. Had a great time this weekend... oh and follow me :)))
or in the summer like baseball should be too.
Great restaurant! I am super impressed and will recommend to everyone!
you haven't met them either yet? :/
I guess someone needs to make paints you can use as makeup and on canvas. Maybelline's new Artists line. :)
Busy week w/the soldering iron - built 4 more channel of preamps plus a lot of cables and snakes for the studio, AND they work...
Yeah, you could tell from the beginning of the game that it wasn't the Giants night! Ballard can't drop balls like that again!
Why try to be something fake? Be real for you, if they love you they wont want you to change.
Looking fresh and tasty!
Her eyes drive me yazrc ... I mean crazy
U people
where was this?
The Sierra Club in Minnesota needs your help - they stop new coal plants and do it all with volunteers - hardly any staff!
spoke to soon. Their flight just got canceled.
Just read it. It's a 5th grade reading level so it only takes a few hours.
RIP Uncle Boots <3 2012 is turning out to be a tough one for my family
Free set of downs for GB courtesy of NFL...awful call against Osi
got decent sleep last night, hopefully the jetlag is over
Hopefully, we'll get you on the show sometime! Maybe will see you in WW this weekend?
Follow - She's a cool Tweep!
"Rejected" Pick-up line: GUY - My bed is broken... can I sleep in yours? GIRL - Sure! I'll sleep in the guest room.
enjoy it! These next few days will open your mind and change your life. And you must meet she is amazing
okay I am a dog person and even I think that's cute!
let's hope
Thanks for RTs & mentions
My husband finally got a twitter!
how was the Skype!?
Hey from a new follower! How's it going?
why are you regreting it
should just be saints v colts every year! “: Wait, they still have Super Bowls when the Saints aren't playing? But....why?”
new profile pic with a my young son #futureExec LOL
I am Jimmy Bob.
I leave early tmrw morning :( Had dinner and margs at La Esquina last night and toasted you! Have a fab babymoon my love JX
Ugh! Really windy & rainy weather = bad hair day for my live shots!
Looks like the interview has been removed from the blog.
No it's not too dangerous in Managua as long as you make smart decisions
pre-birthday insomnia!
its like all my loves wrapped in one. miss piggy is the wicked witch. ashanti be singing her ass off too.
I wonder how you're not tired of me yet. Cause I definitely would be.
RT : As of yesterday morning, #kinneret stood at 211.32 meters below sea level. That's above the lower red line. Most since '07.
I'm a busy man lol jk. I was out of town for that funeral showing
lol she taking a nap ... Geesh I'll tell her when she wake up
I like when you smile, but I love when I'm the reason why.
your tweets always make me feel better. Thank you :)
I'm hungry, but I don't wanna get out of bed
Not at all bro! It's tomorrow! Thanks man!
This really speaks to female skew of #Pinterest. I'd like to know how many pple have pinned re their
thanks for the mention and for letting us all know it's "Ma" Rainey's birthday
Yay, welcome to Twitter!
Keep some data and we'll decide. Starting.....now
Are you a mobile developer looking for a full-time job in mobile? If so, DM me.
With a dog that chases me around when I have miso soup and a wife who buys three jars of kim chee at a time, I know I'm a lucky man.
Literally can not stand when people are late. Pet peeve. So rude.
I'm about to get you a KD shirt then :)
#C34 duct tape to the rescue!
Honestly this fish needs to quit hating on successful YouTuber's like get away -_-
Heard Poulsen's a bottler..
dope track homie, get at me we should murk one out. show em wat up.
thanks girl! & I love your twitcon ! Is that you?
What a treat we have + their alter egos speak/tweet 4 us.
Sitting down to watch a movie with the four required remotes. I've got em lined up like little soldiers - lol.
Haha.. Just found the typo now. Probably a subconscious slip since it feels like being *hit on.
*big hug*
It’s sad when people you know become people you knew & how you used to be able to talk to them, and now you can barely look at them.
you were rockin' those braces today moose :P rof :D
correct, we drive straight through every year
Thursday! Johnny Cakes opens for the Toasters and Pietasters at the Crowbar in Ybor. Show starts early, don't miss Johnny Cakes at 7pm.
You're so bad (& also wise). I think that door is closed, though I'll have to text a few minor odd details & see what you think!
CES International after party
Instead of being on Twitter, I should have been reading my book.
hey there, this is raf
Working on behind the scenes editing today!!!
We really need to hang out some time(: I wanna make a video!!! oh and Olivia says "Hi"
Carpathia and Dead Harvest came out today from . If you haven't already go get them, great books
He really wants her to have his name and she suggested. Def solidly defended my point. would have been good to have as backup
you could melt on H, too.
a shit ton of stuff to do this morning! It's been the day from hell
Segregationists were trying to block her--from going to school--this is her now--that painting now hangs in the White House
Dapin' one out as we speak!
: Thanks for the RT!
I am going to make a video from how I saved my skin from weeping and blistering. Get some lanolin it will protect your skin!
Exactly the response I expected from a RWNJ.
Look at you, G. Throwing those meteorogical terms around like you own the place. Bow echo.....
Warm up with our Manager's Saturday Special at Thrift Shop: all fur coats reduced 30%!
. you're a roast beef sandwich gone bad!
Looks like my plans to have a life this Summer are ruined. I just have to go to Texas for a month and a half, asdfghjkl;. I might die. ;-;
Shell, Santander results weigh on European shares
excellent question. I don't know.
is my new favorite channel. Followed by science.
Where is the Good!!! KC music?
don't worry im on the hunt for webber.....to get him to put on a Wings jersey.
that stairway shot has great color. I'll take a better look Once I get to a PC. Yes Im a PC.
Babe u are not "tylor the creator" that Niggah is a weirdo!
oh my Guthrie
Are we all in agreement that 'heartbreaker' is the best song ever. I mean holy crap.
sadness. I miss you guys more than you could ever imagine. I feel detached from my life.
Time to do it
Sushi and Gatorade - is there another way people hydrate?
met ur friend Caroline tonite at a WAA event. She said u were behaving yourself. So, something must be wrong! Hope all is well!
hate it when someone dates someone's EX bf/gf,& they're all, "i'm finished with my sandwhich, you want the leftovers of that too?"
Ill be at 11,000 FOLLOWERS TOMORROW NIGHT !!! s/o all those SUPPORTING ME and my MUSIC !! tell ya followers GET AT ME
dolce and gabbana light blue for men
Finally home <U+E420><U+E41F><U+E41D>
That awkward moment when you catch your crush staring at you and you guy meet eyes<U+E428><U+E022><U+E022><U+E022><U+E022><U+E022>
Yes it is AMAZING!
How to Create a Great Content Strategy for an Established Website - Search Engine Watch
go get some friends loser....
my next move will be my best move..
I definitely hope you're sleeping tonight and not planning on going in to the Hancock!
I thought you might have had something to do with #flashgordon ?
Holder's job is to encore federal law, not pander to bigots like you.
A man who respects his mother respects his lady, don't let ya lust over flow.
yea boi!! Saw the new site in progress. So hott!
Thanks!!! I'll post a pic with my frosty brew soon!
I'm in a sour mood today...sick of chasing ppl for answers!
Too bad:)
THanks for the #FF! :) Have a great weekend :)
Thanks but your beautiful so...
I hate being cranky...there's really nothing one can do about it...chocolate???
Watching Life in a Day. Pretty interesting world we live in. Makes me want to look outside myself.
Bitches be trynna talk bad , but watch Ima Start Fcking Btches up .
A big TX good morning to ya'll! Texas...where "ya'll" still reigns supreme.
I disagree-rare vinyl at gigs where it gets stolen, scratched, etc? No thanks! MP3s don't get cracked, warped or spilled upon :-)
Wish I could follow her twice!! //RT : saying it on #FF. Let's get WFMU's own to 1000! #TerreCherry1000! RT! Do it!
tonight's the night lockin my doors and having a Friday marathon. Dont slaughter us while we are having a good time.
Omg just won the airplane thingy. (:
According to Glenn Beck Homeland Secty has a lot of empty prisons located next to train tracks. Should we shave our heads early?
I WOULD NEVER EVER IGNORE U OR LEAVE U OR STOP BEING A MAHOMIE! #NEVER <33
I love you too
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. -Vidal Sassoon
Need some plans for Super Bowl. Anyone want to hang out?
Thanks for the RTs, mentions, and stars (!), y'all!
i did foolow 24 when i got on 5 minutes ago:) now its 58:)
let's just get wastey pants
Baking 1000's of mini cinnamon rolls. Nothing like the smell of warm pastry!
Let it go, Kate. We aren't gonna get Tony's vote. ;-)
just pour coke all over me and it'll happen<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>fucking mike melliere<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
i doo :) my goal is for you to come to florida, and meet you !
Police taking the camp at occupy Oakland
De-armament.
It's over!!!! Hahaha laker fans thought they had it
watching the tooth fairy
Damn this economy. Bleh.
K. Tie going into 10th. Bourn-f8 to ending the inning.
Crazy Hair Day this week has unfortunately been cancelled.
he looks so hawt!!
RT : #ObamaTVShows Barney and his frank...
yuck, you are still there? I'm so sorry! How did you sleep with the fireworks last night? Happy new year!
Ha! Yup. And forget shooting standup without stereoscopic.
I Feel UnLoved... She never txted me Back.. Ohh WELL!!! :/
The has just reported that Murray has won the #wasen race against Rossi!
Doesn't look good for Baron Davis.........
what is Alex's you tube name
Life is so crazy sometimes.
he's a might fine Stetson, and I just bought a new horse hair hat band.
I know, right? Takes me back to undergrad... frames :)
P.S. I just found my Hi-Tek CD #ItsOn!
well you know you can always text/tweet me if you wanna talk about anything :) <U+2665>
Hoe Problems Aint No Problems, Don't Hate The Game That Aint Gone Solve It- #Classic #OldSchool BLAZING DAT KUSH FEELIN' RIGHT! 3rd EyE ReD!
lol don't touch anything. You'll turn that color!
i hate this dayy..is getting worst and worst:(!
Good, lmao i went to chill at a friends
Aww I missed my best friend ^_^ !
long day, wher did my energy go?!
go to the doc! you don't want to face the cabin pressure with an infection! Even if the Neti helps it'll take longer!
don't hate double A. He is in Canada
Love Ellen Cherry!
haha! The comm classes I've taken have been the best experiences I have had in college! They're really undercover gems ha
I know brother I know!
Start with straight shots and then pop bottles. Flirt wit the hood rats then pop models.
The amount of sugar I put on my strawberries kills all nutritional value I could be getting.
strawberry! Strawberry on strawberry!
got it downloaded - I'll check for an update later this morning. Thanks!!
It's a beautiful morning of rain and clouds. Driving my daughter to school in this great weather.
that song needs to END!
- thanks for your wishes and support .. we will try to maintain ourselves as good seo provider :)
Having a great time at #BRBF2012 !!
i started a twitition about the stimulus package. please help with signatures!
Go Go Gadget get Money *checks pockets* "shit didn't work!"
Steak n Shake with my love :) Today has been wonderful!
We women are like cell phones. We like to be held and talked to. But push the wrong button and you'll certainly be disconnected.
Well if Sean says it too.... I'm on my way!! :o) Dear Bronx: I'll be the hungry looking, crazy pregnant chick!
Amen Doll!
I become a real New Yorker tomorrow.
picking and choosing your battles is really important. we have to be there for the long haul.
What Angela Davis said is profound and true.
countless memories to this song :)
Hey everyone follow she's super sweet and follows back (:
Changing your schedule that late is pretty bad. Saw 2-5 late last night, planned on showing up at Crema at 3ish.
Merry Christmas to all. Hoping the New Year to come is your year & we hope to see you in NYC soon!
I'm always ahead of time but still late lmao smh
+If+you+read+this+make+on+my+profile+twitt+or+on+facebook+my+facebook+is+Rujdi+Blend++man+you+a+the+number:1+on+world+U+a+the+crazy
#bbworld11 Use MyClassEvaluation for course evals & its proprietary Universal Data Import/Export Module, can be integrated with Blackboard®
popcorn for breakfast ! haha
Sorry! My facebook is for friends & fam. I could only request you if I have proof that your real. Yup, I'd need a proofpic!
amen to that.
Found myself watching CHUCK DECONSTRUCTED last night. Is it weird that I now enjoy my experimental "making of" more than the film itself?
What was that one?
Ok, today taking the recycling, delivering 25 phone books for a good cause, getting some GO GO juice & heading to the golf course
let's tone it down a notch
Look forward to seeing you Saturday in TO. It's time to finally reconnect. Should be a great night!
Happy New Year to everyone. Thank you for your support of SF Hillel. We couldn't have done it without you.
James Harden: "1 on 4? I got this!" Universe: "Uh James... No, you don't" (cue ball dribbled off leg)
no not really. There's no point in having two twitters. I was gonna rename my current account but David already created a new one.
Dude is the best firefighter #Newark has ever seen...I bet he can be the best cop too..what r u talking bout?
whoa so many tweets! happy birthday, i hope austin tweets you <3
Had to un-follow MLB because if I hear one more thing about Bryce Harper I'm going to have to throw something at the wall.
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe PEOPLE WHO DO TOO MUCH (this is #1)
Why yes, I would love to ride on your boat...
any dog people have advice for a 4 month old puppy who bites at leash and the person holding the leash?
wow, Inter beat Barca 3-1 today in the Champions League Semi. Barca got an away goal though, so that'll help in the 2nd leg
“: Learned a new phrase on This American Life today: "true in the traditional sense of the word"” word for it:
my boy friend<3
Pittsburgh-based co #social HR company #recruiting, #performance in the
Yup - anathema to Ryan and also verboten by Norquist.
Oh hallmark channel, how I've missed you for the past 12 months. Welcome back!!
Thank you!
haha gladly! This is so boring lol
of course
Video & Song - DaniElle DeLaite - "Nothing To Wear" I typically don't blog about Underground Artists often but...
Thank you!! RT : Congratulations to both paulafrancis8 & on their 2012 #BestOfLasVegas awards!
Shout out to Anna from Florida! 11
those are the best!
Since today is Follow Friday..will you please follow me?:) I love you so so so so so so so so much!! I <U+E328> U Boobiana!:-)
Anthony Davis' unibrow REALLY bothers me...
My computer didn't make it. :-( Thinking about getting a Mac now. Any thoughts?
i cant believe im not gonna see Jake Owen tonight =( saddest day of my life.
I just want to sit outside for the rest of the day.
the part of the story you didnt hear, dwade, bosh and lmr marketing bought 3 million jerseys so lbj wouldnt cry
Holy moly, it's a beautiful day today!
“: The Grizzlies cause 90% of the stress in my life.”
Fwd: Pac on Pandora enjoying this pretty day praying that my momma looking down smiling and proud happy mothers day
Nicole Kidman, Zac Efron Lighten Up for ‘The Paperboy’
While I'm supposed to be revising, I am in fact doing nothing of that nature. Suck it Mount Mary!
my mom just walked up behind me and i saw her shadow and thought someone was coming to stab me.
That awkward moment when you have an awkward moment but you forgot it and now its just plain awkward :O
Of cource I can.. I thought I already did .. will do it right now. :)
Sleep would be amazing right now.
Rachel's probably gonna be there :)
Taylor can you DM me ? i need to askk you something !(:
Guess i should look up the weather in Chicago for the weekend.. it would make pre-packing easier..
The Biblical case against cross-dressing: Deuteronomy 22:5 However, there is no biblical case for us treating cross-dressers without love
losing weight like it's my job
If i could go back in time I'd make sure you never left.
87% of all home burglaries are considered to be preventable. Don't wait to help protect your home - Call today! 877-760-2143
wish I had some bears or vikings fans following.....easy targets...am I a bully.?
fans listen in to hear the words of a loner who's sober and not flaunting about being a stoner -
Good info! Every article I ever wrote on diet/weight agrees. 10 minutes vaccuming. 2 minutes during commercials, may options!
I've never wrote out my feelings until now, and it feels good!
Please give the cup to Chow to drink from this time. Jo was great, but this was Gabby's day.
San Diego weather history for December: Only 2x has it reached 32 at night..both in 1800s. Glad to be in SD!
so glad you made it!
enjoying a Fat Tire after working myself over in the gym.
Just done watching the game. Easily summed up in 3 words: "Football, bloody hell."
Not to plug Citibank, but. . .I will miss racking up Thank You reward points after I leave them for a credit union.
Oh my LORD! in that Lamb suit!!!!!!
Create useful things out of scrap & bring out the creativity in you.
The FIRST 50 UNCC students to this Sunday get FREE Chick-Fil-A >> service starts at 7pm!
DONT HATE HATE HIS SWAG
throwing with dave baby boy
HE DOES
Happy New Year's Eve? What is on the agenda tonight?
#VoguesParisinEnglish please and thank you.
hahahah thank you!!! And we can only give it to dependents haha. Come visit with your sister sometime!
I know, silly. As am I. And you had a good night, didn't you?? Lucky!
Yes(: why? hehe
you need mark your territory by out wooing those woo girls. Woo!
Happy Birthday to Yvette.
seeing how one of the film's main issues concerns the effect of passage of time on forensic evidence.
Gov's Office: #1 goal is to put an effective teacher in every classroom. At Media Symposium. Edu funding nxt...
Sitting in traffic now if that makes you feel any better.
My #EBUS118 students are really excited to hear about your biz & social media tonight at Oak Creek Campus. 6pm.
Demi Lovato is such an inspiration to me!!! Demi is Flawless!!!!
and EMBARC still working together to bring fresh fruits to Chicago's most isolated students! This time, Tangelos!
“: Technically, I'm single but my heart is taken by someone I can't have.”
I'll just call up nick and tell him to shut it for you
married to the money fuck the world that's adultery!
Finally... Money <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I've been waiting for to follow me back forever
oh yea it is da first sat.in da month huh?? We gon b all over so caught.us if u cn...lmao
This list needs to be done over. How are you not on it?
ok, tampa... I see you. Let's party.
Some federal courts no longer allow online access to executed service docs. Crazy that we now have to go to the court to get them.
i hate that as soon as your acoustic strings get good and worn in, one string starts to vibrate
The fireworks are about to start. Barking here we come and jumping out of our fur!! Any of you other Pugs afraid of firework??
“: going over my aunts house, wish i could smoke before i went over there cus she is annoying..” -- I like u
WHO WANTS TO BE CO OWNER OF MY TWITTER ACCOUNT ?
So excited to see the list up! I am reading Brand Gap right now. How We Decide looks like a must read. designreadinglist.com
I hate American Idol so hard.
holy fuck I'm tired
love it!
god, I'm going to miss "new girl". "merlot is the whore of the vineyard"
Excited to have you head up to the booth next year!
Less talk, more swag. Sophisticated swag.
Thank you for the mention
I once ordered french toast from a mexican restaurant that delivers 24 hrs
interesting. Poetry can't support you so all poets must have day jobs.
hi how are you
If you have any taxidermy pictures, send them to me! I have an affinity for them and the world can't keep spinning without Taxidermy Tuesday
Every time I come back to Twitter. There is spam galore!
ARE YOU INTO JUICING? Do you find it sustainable? You could well be missing out essential protein, so add in protein powders. Whatever you…
“: Rashida jones <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>” I fucking love her.
The Caps had this series, and lost it.
follow me i follow you how does that to you
is ur cleanse pills or food or a combo of both. Is it sched eating?
my name on standgrand is geeiconic LOL JK it wont let me go on F THE INTERNET
I wish love was like how it looks in fairytales.
im getting sleepy
OH, for the 50 coolest. Didn't know what you were talking about!
Got my first graduation card with money!!! #Yeeeee *ryan voice*
we're the best there is.
lol no he has to get with James :D
Showed up an hour late to my theory exam and finished it in 45 minutes
It is kinda a mess. She has started smoking again, so I predict her hair to go up like a Roman candle.
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: Not everything that gets broken is an easy fix. There are no "Easy Buttons" in real life.
All of them. I just want to site back and bask in the awesomeness that is One Direction
Life is just better with melted cheese in it.
Just what I feared ... word is the second shooting was on Boylston between Wahington and Amory .... where we had a shooting back in Aug.
Love hurts... So girl, keep ur head held high
...in theory :) I was doing well, then life got a bit crazy; I'll get back into it in a few weeks
All of my friends are either a Directioner, Belieber, or Mahomie.<3
When we are doing what we love, we don't care about time. For at least at that moment, time doesn't exist and we are truly free.
I am a big advocate of job quitting.
Appreciate the mentions!
Helping with some Too $hort music videos tomorrow! Should be fun!
Make peace and move on, or go back!
May have accidentally bought 6 tickets to see and Eric Church instead of 2 #Whoopsies #CantWait !!!
Hockey fans, be sure to attend the Milwaukee Admirals game on Sunday. It's their annual charity game to benefit Children's Hospital of Wis.
well excuse me!
I'm doing a broadcast just cuz i Can, Like random stuff
could really go for some refreshing fermented horse milk right now
Tom, thanx for the social media shoutout! If you'd like to see us do anything else w/ our social media, let us know.
don't look back. but if we don't look back. we're only learning that, how to make all the same mis-same mistakes agaaaiiin.
I was pleasantly surprised this morning to discover it is Sunday and not Monday!
I'll bet Oliver Stone has said "What? SEIZURE? Never heard of it!" a lot this past week.
Everything in life is about balancing! I mean everything!!!!
That was reckless for 3 quarters but coming out with the W? #PRICELESS ON THEIR WAY BABY
could be a mold allergy!
no, the guy i told you.
I bet you can light your cigarette with your own asshole.
What I really meant to say was, YOU CAN COME BACK WHEN YOU START ACTING RIGHT! Ungrateful.
why did change his gloves at HT? Dry pair of gloves? He started with yellow didn't he?
not to spam away, but a great example of this tension is seen in Phil 2:12-13.
is there a name for websites like The Huffington Post that have social media outlets attached to them?
Cnt wait to get this apartment
its so hot at this door
Okay, so I did a back bend last night, but immediately my right leg began to seize in an unbearable cramp. was right.I'm old.
Eyes shutting.
Q2: This is tough. Many hats = multiple priorities. Here we experience soc. media ebb/flow. Not ideal, but real.
Been trying all day to get my van towed from KI's employee lot. Tow truck broke down, of all things. Looking good now, though....
A thousand mile journey begins with one step. Start today.
smackdown was pretty good tonight... :-)
Listenin' to Rory Gallagher's 'Photo-Finish" album.
Sorry I'm a lil' late, just got out from a mtg. I'm Vennesa from (Chair, #EALS12) & working in the AU arts mgt prog
LOVE YOU!
1st Live from The Alternate Side CD unleashed! 10th&11th retweet gets free one from my personal stash w/ et al
ah yes that sucks ): its okayhh we will have one next week.
Weather is nice!!!
Im doing good. I knw my laptop is messed up and i still havent got it back and my little sister hogs the main computer
Yay, Colorado! RT : RT : Happy to see lots of Colorado presenters at
THANKS for checking out my eco art and posting a link to it!
Yeah, this whole J. Jones in a fat suit is not working
well when you have crap vs crap I guess one cant stink as bad as the other....
is justin following u yet I can help
Christina on #TheVoice is absolutely brutal. Apparently nobody impresses her.
yooooooo .. where the hell have you been
I love you Tina fey I miss u and Amy on SNL.
It's some bad bitches In here
WOW!!!! Grizzlies won their first playoff game ever. So excited for them! What a tight game!!
How I feel right now <<<<<<< shit has got real.
i kno i do
I just finished reading where they did it for the first time.
so jealous. The #latenightsnack B&J is calling my name from 7-11 across the street.
I just might! Such good food :)
So bored
It was great to see you too. Can't wait to introduce you to the kid next time you're in town. Have a great weekend.
Baby smell good.
Today is a day I will always remember
Goshh I miss talkin to him!! Went all day so far without talkin to him!! Fml.
stupid cellphones..... JUST KIDDING JIMMY!!
Dear future self, Remember this: running in the mornings results in a much more productive day than does watching three episodes of Smash.
yea, you can. But add $200 for the trip. I'm out of ideas. I'd be there every homestand if bolt or megabus or allowed.
I will never eat garlic again....ever. raaaaaaaaaaaaaaallllllllphhhhhhhhhh....
RT : Happy One Year Anniversary !
Is that a shot at Wilbon?
Julia Ormond as the French mommy. I approve.
I hope the celtics can put together the win.
I love when I want to go swimming and someone decides to turn the pool heater off.
me too @ HeathSlaterOMRB you are really hot and i love hear your sexy voice your smille and being next to you
hahaha shhhhh our secrets are safe with each other
This Saturday, August 27th @ The Pegasus on Bainbridge Island. Yours truly is performing from 8-10pm. :)
SOO jealous of everyone in Houston going to the drake and j. cole concert tonight!!!!!
Note to visitors: please take regular showers. If I can smell your BO from ten feet away, you are in need of bathing.
After all these years, I've finally decided on a tattoo I want to get :) Does anyone know someone that does good work?
awaiting Apple announcements today. iP5 feeding frenzy, yeah but Hoping for more than just thunderbolt for the professionals
The books starts on an essay in which P. Kael talks about the profession of film critisism. Very interesting.
In the mood for some cookies
Its Brian bauer's birthday in 15 minutes.
I don't like that I'll be forced into timeline soon. Boo fb :(
After a month long Facebook / Twitter vacation I'm back w/ BIG news. 4:40p. All this week. Ur shot @ a trip 2 the MTV VMA's on
How long does Aaron Cunningham need to be unproductive until the #Tribe cuts him? The guy constantly underwhelms all over.
Just changed my account name... again! And I'll actually try and use this now
Summer drink menu..... Rocks, no pun intended. Thanks blake.. Big bang from a big deck? 6/29/11
Miss Boop said to tell you she sent me.
the crowd is ready to blow the roof off.
Happy llama sad llama mentaly disturbed llamma super llama drama llama big fat mamma llama MOOSE!
If you live in the Monroe area and your planning on going to town tmrrw, watch out for me and Cecily. We are destructive...
Where the hell are the #iconicboyz On the #VMAs like get them on<33
A very pretty dressing-gown can be made in a most economical manner, by any lady of good taste and a little ingenuity. (1850)
I'll be there, I'm going with Geo!
look at the natural behaviors of people in relation to art--those all become the basis for possible interactions
Hi, can you come back to Chicago? I miss you
Ok well I just woke back up
trying to pack for four people is never an easy undertaking
RT“: RT Broadway bar tomorrow don't forget!arrive early!”
lol alright..you too :)
Are you saying my language is thoughtless, or are you agreeing with me? Sorry, I can't tell.
that is what i'm told :)
It doesn't matter if you're "Lightskin" or "Darkskin"...You're still black.
"Your job is to facilitate the exchange of social capital... build a ritual to get people to do that" at
#NP 4am-Melanie Fiona & this song is my last relationship to the tee. :/
gotcha. Thanks.
Reason #169 why it's great to be from Boston: Born knowing who the Patriots are.
"Get a degree / and take a vacation."
Come sing your valentines blues away tonight at Mario. Karaoke starts at 9 with $2 well drinks from 10-12
How... do you pack wrapping paper?
Bummed They sent my replacement card to the wrong address so I ended up missing out on the concert :(
I BE LOVING THE CREW
Dame the knicks will lose. Sorry
Come be a guest-speaker in #JMS310W this semester! We miss you!!!
Looking forward to connecting with K-12 Social Studies teachers who use primary source materials at tomorrow's
Frying bacon. If that's not the answer, then Americans are just wrong.
so what is the word on Cabin in the Woods? i wanna check it out. Good/Bad/DONT GO???
Professor, what's another word for pirate treasure?
Once women realize swag pays for nothing its gonna be alotta of lonely mothafuckaz........
Ahh, yes, flowing chocolate is a wonderful dream. LOL!
Nice! When you stopping by?
Thanks! Got a few races lined up this summer and starting a lifting program next week. BEAST MODE!
RFT!!!!! ": What happened to girls being just beautiful? Now they all wanna be a "bad bitch.""
Great day for Athens and Atlanta! Congrats to and James Beard winners for Best Chef SE.
Still cold...but ok if it's hot out and you want to cool off.
Whack as fk
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 92
thanks for the share!
Parting it up with the Puerto Rico connection @ Spy Bar. Register @ www.onqnites.com to win 7 Day-6 Night stay in Puerto Rico.
lmfaooooo! RT I hate when automatic toilets flush & my ass is still over them!
Someone text me!(:
I'm finally on my way to
I got money on the pacer game
is smacking journos tonight. She says Rec Center coverage not telling whole story.
AW WHAT JACK GOT HIS SKUNK HAIR BACK??? I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS SO DAMN LONG AW <3
Break a leg!
Happy #FF to some of our favorites in SF!
Got a party coming up? Why not have Genital Hospital play it? Did we mention we cover Living in America by James Brown?
Um.... #whatthehell was that all about?
Perfect ending to an awesome night!
yeah..so shut ur ass:)thank you
Just back from Colorado R rafting trip with St.Gregory MS/HS students. So many peak moments...flowing through time. So much fun!
I love everything ~<3
I dnt think he knows its hard for me.
Me feeling frisky tonight. Frisky = cum dumping in your dookie chute, while sucking on your toes, giving you a reach-around. At Chili's.
These kids are ridiculously cute!
Man i need a lucy now. Sucka hoe ass niggas these days!
I am following you..?
hair looks stupid
Awkward moments on the row #ummwheresdave?
Is a wedding in the future? Check out to find everything from jewelry to shoes or for ANY unique gift!
oh. Yeah that's bad
the pool at sxsw at the hotel.. that shit was not that cold.
Do you love Horny Goat? You can make a big difference when you give us a good score on beer review sites. Show some love!
And if you can't get in touch with them you can always confirm it by finding out when they appear on the KDKA news channel.
It's your birthday?! Happy Birthday babay!!!!
.respect,teamwork, and. A smile!!!!!
DUDE, YOUR ICON. YOU SCARED ME, I THOUGHT YOU WERE AUSTIN FOR A SECOND. ):
Some really cool new menu items coming next week! Check this out...Roseda Beef Flat Iron w/ a crab infused butter for a cool little pop!
Its nw cold n hot, funy things happening.
Santa Monica <3
Actually my avi is for #boobiewed. I was just too lazy to change it since the last time I put it up...lol
I don't know what to do with my nights now because I don't have the Caps or Flyers to watch. Guess I'll watch Jersey <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Craft of acting. Every good story has a specific goal that the character must achieve. A specific need.
Know this, my beloved brothers: let every person be quick to hear, slow to speak, slow to anger;
and Tito cried! fun watching the fights with you man.
DAMN RIGHT BM!! LOVE YOU!
When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.
YOU'RE GOTDAMN RIGHT IM SECOND<33333
from whom?
all you got do is be popular??? I don't know put out some tweets call it good? Ill see what I can do for ya ;)
Wow people are popping fire crackers around here
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Sleeping with the Enemy
Happy birthday : sick lemon drop at echo, not impressed #disrespect #housewine will kill u when he sees you next”
HAHA MARIA I LOVE U AHA NO HOMO!!!!!!
Nope. And I doubt the island has cell reception.
lmaoooooo the Sixers are trash for that
And if she on my team the bitch best be knowin wht she playin for
“: When I was younger I remember watching two drops of rain roll down window and pretending it was a race.” I STILL DO!!!
I hate wasting time.
Sunday night and I'm drinking some vino at vero. #meritage-an american word that sounds like heritage, people!
I'm parked, about to go into Home Depot. It was on my mind, so I started googling and bookmarking articles on perfectionism in kids.
The Magic Book of Answers suggests that finding love tomorrow is something you won't forget...
can you be my new texting buddie please
The elder is used to a particular schedule, a way of living and the comfort of familiar surroundings
Thanks to all that made it to our BATTLE ROYALE screenings! We should be making some announcements on future Logan screenings soon!
If shes amazing, she wont be easy. If shes easy, she wont be amazing. If shes worth it, you wont give up. If you give up, you're not worthy.
Its really not okay.
Is he going to be able to get around with the cast? I don't think I've ever seen a dog in a leg cast before?
said I'm fuckng her brain up.. #wTf.. She ratchet!!
Lmaooooo!! My dude, that's my twifey!!! BUT I SHARE OSI WITH NO ONE! He'll need all his energy 4 me!!!!
haha, that's funny =)
really thank you! I would say you are too but i dont know what u look like but i bet u are :)
''Part of being young is making mistakes.'' -Nikki Reed
The web eliminates all hiding places.
on the road. call me tonight or tomorrow
Hahahahahaha you are silly
More and more FA's going away and we still wait for the Great Manning? I Love You Tim Tebow!!!
I'm so proud of the work ethic and discipline I've developed over the past semester. I'm finally 100% confident I deserve to be here. :D
The advantage of being in the fridge for the afternoon #marketmix keynote: easier to stay awake after lunch!
But he ran that at 6-1/2 furlongs and was loose on a slow lead. Today he is 2-to-5.
Haven't heard of anyone else getting it so I'm not sure
Thank you for organizing and putting on an amazing event this weekend! had so much fun :) can't wait till next year!
Settling in with a nice glass of Douro
“: helen burns” cc:
Come on' by...tons of new sides: asian noodle+veg, oldbay roasted potato salad, heirloom tom+bleu cheese, baked fries, farfalle pasta +more
Happy 4th of July everyone!
My next move is gonna be my best move , beside every king theres a badass queen so lets get this chess move <3
Oh my god, Sprite is like my crack.
what do you have left?
ok cool.
But does it exist?
No bc there is a moral diff btn what's right + what's bigotry. But sometimes you have to meet ppl where they are + bring them along.
I sold my textbook back...now I can take to lunch. My #collegedays are almost over...enjoying them while I can!
GOOD MORNING!!!! HAVE AAN EPIC DAY!
free pancakes!!! iHop;)
like im so drained im literally done
can't wait for the next tour!
Leadership: beware of the leader who wants to be everyone's friend. In reality he or she is really only a friend to their own success.
They will always make sure they are the center of everyone's attention
I hate watching the O's play at Fenway - I get so nervous every time a fly ball is hit to left field.
where did u run off to???
A smile is the most flattering accessory you can ever wear. So wear it and do it every day!
For me prepositions and particles are, initially, the most difficult words to master when learning a language.
About to watch Martha Nussbaum shut it down College of Law, 4:30. Plenty of seats left.
I'll chase you and never let go baby :-)
What is black, white, and rolls off the end of the pier? A nigger and a seagull fighting over a chicken wing.
On the parkway heading to
We're minutes from kickoff. Tune-in to Fox Sports 920AM to listen to the live game broadcast.
Men of genius are admired; men of wealth are envied; men of power are feared; but only men of character are trusted.
okay so i'm wearing shorts today but, black tights or no tights? someone help me~
Rip quint mac ushowed love comming to blvd thanks for the love!!!
At the U of Delaware, u know it's a party 4 #Israel when the falafel comes out!!!!
Packing for Cerritos. Then on to The Hills of Beverly on Sunday.
haha!! You know it!!
World Trade center building will be up today and taller than Empire State Building!
My products will be all natural I am using pure shea butter and castile soap with the healing properties of the oils they will be the hit
Saw #SirAnthonyHopkins in a restaurant today, & didn't even recognize him at first. He's so unassuming.
Happy Friday! is cooking some cool stuff in #CedarPark. Love to get your thoughts? Up for a phone call or coffee soon?
im tired
I just feel like running away sometimes..
Money in my hand I don't need a handout
Is that painted on the side of your car?
“When a gifted team dedicates itself to unselfish trust and combines instinct with boldness and effort, it is ready to climb.”
..I guess were both Valentineless
Just tore that 7/11 brownie up.
I think u're right
If you small you gotta have a big heart!
I just was shocked she was working out there. I live in the south boonies.
Man it's crazy how ppl a switch up on you in a second! I just laugh! Expect the unexpected cause niggas is 50!
“Build a master aspiration- not a master plan.”- David Engwicht
I can hear that baseline now, and it doesn't sound as good on infinite loop.
Can any of my librarian friends (who have done user testing) tell me what 5 tasks users come to your site for?
Exited for my 6969th tweet;)
hi mrs merritt long time no talk!!!
College bound illegals argue they have much to contribute to society as many are A+ students pursuing medical, health, business careers.
Working a double at rookies today come see me !
I can proudly tweet that Im a lover of the big women. Any and every BBW are lovely to me. Im sure Ill like u...
When I'm at school I like to think that in going to do work at home, and when I'm at home I like to think I'm going to do my work at school.
I just hollered at so I'm gon see y'all there
no it looks like a spread apart butt cheeks with a giant butthole...ooh that sounds like your butt! Hahaha
#SocialMedia workflow: ID Audience: Clients, Media, Alumni, Attorneys, Staff
This looks like it might be Concordia Lutheran's year!!!
last Thursday was my pseudo Friday. Too bad we can't change every Thursday to Friday!
#HappyHour starts in about an hour and a half! Great drink an food specials!!
I don't want to talk to anyone .
wow that's a weird one
Had no idea Polar Bears love Coke so much. Love the commercials anyway.
Worst night of my life last night. Who wants to come over and cuddle while I ugly cry?
Happy Mother's Day to all of the fabulous Moms out there!! :)
Despite the last 3 early exits, you still have to believe that this team is your best opportunity to win a Cup. I mean, honestly.
How will you survive?! BTW, you're very quick on those drops FW. Good work!
At the output lounge networking
let's be honest. the only purpose of shins is to find edges of tables.
. Lol. Yes, there is a "tummy time" mat in the background of my avatar. All natural pic.;)
Running etiquette question: Hundreds of triathletes on my typical, normal running path this a.m., OK to run along & in opposite direction?
you get a bottomless glass of Dewey Decimator!
Both of my Alma Maters are in the #NCAATournament. Wonder if we'll be lucky enough to see a Rocky Mountain Showdown :)
I'm hungry I want chicken parm @ a sprite
Sad can't take my blood because I visited Mexico in December. I don't have malaria, I promise!
Buenos Dias from Tiffy ;) Much love & I hope u have a lovely Monday <3 xoxoxoxo
Sitting here drinking a #fourloko..sure wish it still had the caffeine other bad stuff in it. Thanks for following
New York in 5 days!!!!
Mayor Gimenez said he's not upset over union appealing ex-fire captain's demotion for Facebook comments. "That's their job"
They're really easy!
You got that right!! RT : The only required reading at JPMorgan these days is MIRANDA
i copped that ishh
Marty... That "Giants' Prayer" you read tonight was great... Wish I'd recorded it!
Thank you to for selecting "Homeless" as their song of the week!
All birds lay eggs to reproduce, so if you lay eggs, you're a BIRD!
I told him, where i come from, i dont want to go back.
SOX: Ubaldo Jimenez knocked out as Ryan Sweeney singles in another run in the fifth. #RedSox lead is now 6-1.
With Bosh's injury, the injury bug squad grows
no one recieves anything for doing "nothing". Even if its honoray. Someone did something to deserve that recognition.
But it doesn’t have italics! Sad!
what do you do??
Journeys to heaven and hell are daily occurrences, not far-off possibilities.
Taylor gang or ask for the ingredients menu at a Chinese food restaurant.
I think I seriously just asked myself, "How do you spell 'ACL'"?
This teleflora commercial makes me want to vomit.
last call 4 free copy of "Frequency: Discovering Your Unique Connection to God.". email .
oops wrong twitter lol
asdfghjkl; guess i should go to bed if these two aren't gonna wake up.
Last day of T-System user group conf! Come learn about iTriage!!!
Quote of The Day:I'm broker than the toothfairy in a house full of Meth addicts but better off than the armless guy watching Porn!!!
Having an all Mozart day today... performing from Symphonies 1, 35, & 41 for kids.
Grrr Rickie that double play hurt.
and if we get smoked by the vikes, i'm hanging myself. lmao. GET ON FB FOO!!! and you know this, man.
OMG your site/icons are amazing!!! Thanks!!
EEk! Ubuntu 11.10 just about has me ready to try other distros again. Unity is **bad**.
S/O to for making my senior The Best ;) love you girl .!!
I love the Kiwi extension. It doesn't show up on the stat sheet, but he's the best run defender the Giants have.
I try!
the key lime pie is also bomb
IBT Local 237 President Greg Floyd just announced on an upstate TV news interview that he will not be running for Mayor of NYC.
Free & Gaither=pipe dream for FA Oline help. How about a 2nd tier guy like Jeremy Trueblood? Is he more type of guy we'll look @?
At this point I'd like them to get rid of Pierce and just put Todd in his place.
Heres Spanish Lesson 4today: Rice with Steak n what else did you want with that meal Papa?
Finally home from work! What a day, what a day! Yet another blessing! Feels good to be focused....
Warm and fuzzy coyoacan
LCB issues for sure. We're starting to broaden our tastes and are experimenting, if there are suggestions, maybe we can add recipes
sad, but true.
#Retweet please ! #PROMOSHOUTOUT looking for a team of four girls for a birthday bash marketing campaign. You will be paid !
Telling It Up!!!!!
wow, I think zoho is even worse. holy mess.
who are youu?
??? I just see three squares.... hahaha. Are you square?
Why do people hate Selena Gomez so much? Shit. Beliebers hate it when people hate on Justin for no reason, how do you think her fans feel.
he does have that Scott Peterson look in his eyes.
You should be happy. Your guy is like the 3rd best player in that lineup.
im on now
i'm pretty sure they're copulating among my clementines
Klusoz tonight folks!! Don't stop get it get it!!!
Damn lil san francisco ( a faggot ) started crying in class during his power point presentation
That text that i got earlier >
#comment, to Obama, just wanted to let you know that job hunting out here is tough, it feels like 20 people per 1 job opening, not 5-to-1
did you see keys responds to nicki minaj check it out its real cold she talk and rap at the end shawty
Listening to the Blue Organ Trio's "Wonderful" the music of Stevie Wonder and it is just that wonderful! What great grooves,what a treat.
": Who's excited for 2-hours of #Glee tomorrow?" LIKE LEGIT EXCITED!!!
It costs a lot to sue a magazine, and it's too bad that we don't have a system where the losing team has to pay the winning team's lawyers.
Spa day. Mostly because my knee is still swollen from last week.
Thoughts on the new mammogram screening recommendations?
What are thankfulfor? Post it on thankfulfor.com and then keep on posting all year long!
Hey *pats vagina*
the 6.25 billion, do they really exist? if we were not to go by hearsay [T radio new paper blog] what would the count be?
My mom is singing about how she got drunk earlier x)
I want a haircut.
what are you up too tonight
Hello everyone make sure you thank the man upstairs for waking up on this beautiful day :)
virgin america or alaskair are the first two to come to mind. I
Great up & down by Steve Stricker to win the Memorial.
#Giro 25.3 first aerial view of Bevagna, several large beautiful high-medieval churches.
Congrats to Kyrie Irving. The kid did what he could but Cleveland will always be garbage until a supporting cast goes there..
2nd semester started. students to start working Luke's Hospital and the GAP, Inc. soon.
Do they also make a basil amber?
That's fantastic news! Congrats!
We will always be mahomies.<3
Really... C'mon already.. Not cool
Unfortunately not -> RT : Isn't this normal? MT Dude on the Metro just gave up his seat for a pregnant lady
Welcome back #pgatour and #tiger I can hear the theme music for Augusta already!
You know you are sick as a dog, when you try to upload the same tweet 5 times and you still don't get it right. Damn...
At Libraries' Earth Day table, a kid asked about composting. I talked about organic mats & soil. She responded "and the worms just appear?!"
Have had Ben Gibbard on my iPod all week. Sad to hear he's getting a divorce.
changed my account name btw!
oh!!!!!!! Hahahaha xD I would love to have them again. ;') <3 lmao :D
Working at the horny goat hideaway all day,stop in for some food and drinks @ hornygoatbrewco
haha. One can hope.
REAL TALENT
thank u so much <3 please tell ur friends about my stuff!
I've been working on RZ3.O and have some great mobile stuff, site evolution things to share, among other things...
. says hello to you guys too.
haaha I thought you fell for it ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Something to think about - we don't grow when everything is easy.
#FirstThingIDoInTheMorning is rejuvenate with a shower and some
Not gonna lie, I'm not so good with Twitter.
LL Cool J speech was so real. It touched so many people.
So I'm getting a new car monday and possibly being the owner of a new home! What a great vday to come! Who needs a boyfriend?
rug burn nose ass boi
omgomgomgomg. yes i am. you just dont know that yet. BUT THANKS FOR THE COMPLIMENT. :-)
It's early. Just sayin'.
#shutup huffpo, Jose will shop for home in Wolverhampton for a true test of his prowess.
happy new year, everyone. the best is yet to come!
I'm not no side nigga if you got a boyfriend & you fuck me you have 2 boyfriends
The sucky part is that until the rain goes away, it'll probably linger. Gah! Oh, you & going to BASHH tonight?
Lmao Who Do U Think I Get My Evilness From I Mean It Has To Come From Somewhere
if you FOLLOW ME I WILL FOLLOW BACK I WILL CHECK IF YOU DON't FOLLOW I wont
which came right after him telling Queen Frostine to put her right hand on green...
Your NETWORK determines your NETWORTH. Please be selective about who you allow your inner circle!
On my first train ride ever, train comes to an abrupt halt and someone gets on the loud speaker, "we have hit someone crossing the tracks"
It’s all one to me: opera, painting, drawing, faxes.
Team Mondo, forever & always.
Got a "sorry" text from (((E))) "sorry" doesn't cut it JK, he knows I LLLLLOOOOOVVVVVEEEEEEEE him N he loves me w/ every INCH of his manhood
RT : "There's a total over representation of minorities at every stage of the juvenile justice system." -Garinger
Are you looking for concert tickets of your favorite artist? We have tickets for all the nationwide events - Call us now: 888-493-0004
Found my glasses. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
your thoughts on 5pt teaser on Bulls (-4) and Pacers (-4)? I expect blowouts in both.
Subscribe to my weekly email newsletter. All I need is access to your email account so I can tell you when your friends sign up.
our pleasure! Looking forward to meeting up with you too!
Same kid with learning issues hits Walkoff HR as Senior to win State Championship. TOO Cool
Been unplugged spending time with family & friends.
And while I'm tweeting, #Nats win!
Morning Bleu Fam!!...what did you all think about the game last night?
Sure, if that's what you want to imagine it was.
Bored now.
Legal gambling
It's not just a daydream if you decide to make it your life.
i care about fan opinions bcuz thats what helps me. not all like my music. just hope the fans that flw me do.
No one wants to hear you speak, you ain't nothin but uh HOE!
thank ye, thank ye. i haven't seen it there, yet. need to drop by for a chat and a peek.
McDonald's by myself <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
RT : And y'all love YOU!! RT #TGGR I love every single one of y'all.
I now want to mail you my copy of Moby Dick.
"we goin to the ship!"
In MN, you can find them in Minneapolis, St. Paul, Bloomington (MOA), Rochester, and Blaine. Yes, Blaine.
A no-sugar added desert I can eat? , may be in love with you. In a non-creepster way.Candy Apple Macaroons.…
How can we help the #city of #boston get this #skatepark built faster?
Actually got my homework done this weekend! Maybe i'm growing up ;3
thanks! Yes, we are headed to England in early September. Would you be available to grab coffee when school gets out?
I want to find a copy of Hocus Pocus for
I would happily uproot my life to organize your's.
Nicanor Parra, Chilean, absurdist poet, writes anti-poems; funny and brilliant. I know you know who Portis is!
We've got the cure to beat these rainy day blues: Beta Sliders & Fool’s Paradise (our handcrafted cocktail with green tea-infused vodka)
Capital, Lake Louie, Great Dane, Grumpy Troll, Vintage, House of Brews. Not in that order.
We've got sun, earth, and atmosphere, and when you've got that, you've got weather!
Happy New Comic Book Day! Stop in, buy some new books and check out our restocked Gundams and plushies.
so if what makes the girl beautiful is that she doesn't know it, telling her in the song so she knows kind of makes her less pretty, right?
and yes, I understand that I can't buy the pack, but I also statistically can't win the lottery
Just fell asleep in the bath tub..hahaha
That might be pretty cool…the scripts take Google Spreadsheet data and display it as a timeline.
I got some highlights...you like? :)
let's make a fashion show video
do i even want to know what that is?
#imissyoubut , you turned into a bitch.
Good morning :)
:o) Thanks! Hope you have a wonderful friday!
I miss you :/
wow. neighbors i don't know just stopped by and made a cash donation for my cat rescue work.
Great prizes tonight! Excited!
Special Secret Show going down in Dayton, Ohio tomorrow! Stay tuned for details!
Cinemark Announces Opening of New 16-Screen All-Digital Century Theatre in ... - MarketWatch (press release)
. Thanks for facilitating! Archive on later today.
In the great Twitter battle of #MarcusThomas75, I concede a loss. But not to 'Twas who's tweets shined brightest.
the girl who cry heart break. thats who you are.
Sneek a copy of REMAKING BOSTON in there. They'll never know. re
I know my passion
What's the rush? We all walk in the dark at some point. Might as well enjoy the light while you're in it.
NIGGAS GOIN IIN EARLY! GO HARD OR GO HOME
Bill Katz: "There were widespread reports that African slaves were escaping to Indian communities. They were never captured."
Having the Bio and Physics AP tests tomorrow <<<
I have decided to do a tweet of the day everyday. I don't know what todays tweet will be, but when I think of it, I will let everyone know!
HEAT LIGHTNING IN APRIL
315+ , if you don't know about that. Ask waldos,
hell yea this shit is a classic. Gotta love it.
Facts: The victim as well as the harasser may be a woman or a man. The victim does not have to be of the opposite sex
Imagine there was food in my house?
“: Some people are meant to fall in love with each other but not meant to be together.” you can do it boo!
The beta version of the new Outlook Add-in for Salesnet CRM is now available! Download it from our login page.
yeah, 1Q84 definitely didn't become one of my favorite murakami books. but still good in its own way.
_InternetMedia thanks for following me on Twitter!
That would be the best gift wouldn't it?
Who are these people performing ?
Hope you finals week has been going good!
don't jinx it! We're supposed to get 6 inches of snow and I'm trying to will it away!
#mymomsaid she loves me but im stupid sometimes lol :)
Nobody seems phased by the pigeon walking around this bar
i blocked her, tht was so childish of her like really childish im still shocked i jus woke up its 6am and i see tht lil grl shit
Just left the #club. My #boy got in a fight. #ThankGod no one went to jail.
The passion.
CRASH CLEARED: I-405 southbound across the Fremont Bridge still congested
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other.
It going WORLDWIDE baby and it's about time!
One thing I don't need is someone else putting their judgmental 2 cents in when it comes to MY life bc they "want what's best" for me...
Are you an #iTunes user? Have you subscribed to #OKCShow? Subscribe, and leave a comment while you're their.
how is the pet insurance? My vet bills are getting out of control. Is it a monthly charge?
#SJBikeParty start is at Logitech Ice next to SJ Giants baseball field, Not at HP Pavillion.
Beach with the fam in a bit. Gonna see after like 423587094375 years...
I gave her those teething things n fed her . She went right to sleep .. woke up happayyy lol
I think I was a bit overzealous with the coffee this morning. I have the shakes
One more reason why #idea10 is going to be amazing. RT : 9 days till Fudgie the Whale...
RT : We've got a bold vision for bold change - follow us to learn more.
I see the campaign is being run by children... Interesting...
What's the name of the nyc sushi spot? I will try Amura when I get to FL in a few days and I'll b the tie brkr!
i WILL try!!!
Capitalism should not be condemned, since we haven't had capitalism. -Ron Paul
What should we listen to today?
ill join you in having one of my own
Live at Badgers Victory Party at Regent Street Retreat, 3pm today!
Excited for #gala2012 making waves yet again!
I'm going to pound your green shit in you little alien cunt
I need to go to a Diamondback game real bad.
If you could describe Frank Sinatra in one word, what would it be?
Why is no one answering me??? #drunk and
GOOD ! RT“: Why does everyone want me to be pregnant? I'm okay! I don't want kids any time soon!!! Jeez”
yep. Bookmark. Lol!
Time is fiction
Critics Consensus: Battleship Is All Wet This week at the movies brings us a trio of cinematic adaptations from disparate source material
I can ride my bike with no handle bars , no handle bars , no handle bars!!
Oh, the "is that real?" question. Are these strangers asking?
you forgot to deepfry the sandwich
Thanks, Chad! & gave fantastic presentation on Video 101 for NPO's and the #tsdigs challenge!
Also, Andrew Bynum to be named Punk Supreme RT: AP Source: LeBron James to be named NBA MVP on Saturday."
hello from West Texas
Osama bin-Laden is gone. Fate of second-in-command of Al Qaeda, Ayman al-Zawahiri, is unclear. Let's hope he joins bin-Laden at sea soon!!!
Sure thing! Who's the huge fan?? I presume it's not you ;)
lol don't want u to get one thne i don't have anything. but i think we could have are next contest coming soon. lol
damn, be cool
Braid – Lucky To Be Alive
very cool!
Rielle Hunter's real name is not Rielle Hunter? SHOCKING!
the picture is 2nd period I hope we don't dress because I lost my shoe!
I just emailed you Roy, if the email on facebook is correct.
reduce.reuse.recycle.
oh honey, bad is way more fun ;)
Don't try to tell me that... It's mine, so of course I would know
About to see Gregory Maguire and Kate Beaton (of Hark! A Vagrant)
so early ._.
#questionsthatdontgetanswers How many people have you slept with.
People on I-80, if you are the driver, STOP READING SHIT ON YOUR PHONE & fucking drive!!!! I don't want to die because you are stupid.
is out. Who do you like in the #GOP #CNNDebate tonight? Watch with 7pm.
Don't want this to be over.
I think I'm forever alone.
the remix im listening to >>
you are so sweet I love you beautiful princess
HAPPY HOUR STARTS NOW!!!!
my phone either re-sends texts to people or withholds texts sent to me. -__-
Merry Christmas Las Olas!! The street is shut down and the set up is beginning!! We'll see you all for the festivities tonight!! ;-)
They set Him up beat Him up but they still couldnt shut Him up! #JESUSisLord have a great Sunday!
was so good!
It's all about them #jayhawks. Gonna show the world who we are. Rock that chalk baby. Oh n
Form of warm facade, what rich beyond, makes me smile washes over me like a meadow at break of dawn...
Just tell people you're related next time. I'm sure they'd buy it.
I don't think they can co-exist period. Three ball-handers, no pure shooters, not enough USG to go around.
Thanks for the mention and #FF back at you!
Thanks for the info! It is such a great idea. So exciting!!!! :)
I've been busy workin. How's school?
Cameron get rid of that pussy grow d**** Lmao !! *Steve voice **
Wait, who is this guy?
love when people fucking lie.
did you take CPR & did you just want to learn or were you required for some reason? CPR is good to know!!
I'm going to go Kony if I don't get something to eat around here...
Hey girl!Let's tweet.(:
safe traveling RT : Ok I'm on board & heading ur way NYC!!!! I'll tweet again once I've landed.....luv u guys!!!*muah*
": Teach a man to Reel Big Fish and we'll have something to talk about." Tough when he can't even Skankin Pickle.
hm Spaceballs haha its old but good
I'm beginning to like this producing thing. It's a lot of fun putting all the right people in the same room together!
Chuck Norris counted to Infinity...twice!
Shut up and put your money where your mouth is
Maybe they're tired from yesterday.
“: "king of the burbs.. It's a ghetto rival" I forgot which one use to say it though lol” John Brown
u love boxings so u gotta let me kno who u got for the fight tonite
Without inspiration the best powers of the mind remain dormant. There is a fuel in us which needs to be ignited with sparks.~J.G.Herder
"If you're not going to be a lawyer or investment banker, at least consider marrying one."- Today's helpful career advice from my editor.
let's do it.
They even have door locks at the 99c store I mentioned. I'll buy you one of those and it will be EASY to pick next time! lol
BRING BACK BLUE
If Torres comes on and nets the winner, he'll be viewed as by what from #CFC supporters?
I thought it would look nice in my chateau
Brain break from #podhbcu. Heading to din w an old friend in VaHi.
Happy Thursday everyone! We will be part of the Greenwood Art walk tomorrow -stop by between 6-9pm to see some nature photography and say hi
#Congress: “Without #afterschool programs where are children supposed to go? On the streets? Home alone?” –Mary
Guys said they going be at the bar by 5:30..uh wait they trying to get drunk before the game at 7 smh
Kobe nem bs'n
"Can't Pay! Won't Pay!" performance tomorrow Madison Sq Park for Free University at 2pm
NYC non-union gaffers available for a RED cam shoot this saturday contact me asap:
And when Clinton inevitably screws up: "I did NOT have relations with that bracket!"
my bad I tagged that to the end of most of my last tweets either way.. But how yu been tho?..
Just came 2 the realization that i was just making matzo brei 4 b'fast at the same time i was making pork should for dinner.
At Vincent #Art, we know New Orleans and would be glad to recommend the best “local favorites” instead of the typical tourist traps.”
Oh SweetBabyJesus. RT "Mad respect to my main man LL Cool J," adds LL Cool Moonves
Can't wait for next weekends lady gaga episode of the Simpsons
as soon as we do, you'll be first on the list to know. Take care.
Went running and apparently we weren't supposed to lol xD there's something wrong with the air or something told us too late.
what are you talking about
I dont recall getting an invitation...I got the #1 seed in mine..tooting my horn on my 11-2
My relationship with God is that keeps me sane through it all .
RT : RT : Men Increasingly Marry Better-Educated, Better-Paid Women: In a reversal of a long-standing trend....
o where do you work?
la dispute, such small hands.
State Farm and cars 2 awesome match up!
Come on Revis, come to a compromise!
Aw. Shucks.
p.s. - safety first
Loving u is wrong then i don't wanna be right
#WeirdFactAboutMe i burst out laughing about something that made me laugh two days ago. I just bust out laughing for no reason sometimes.
why even once?! RT “: Why do people get married more than once?”
Razzle squatini? What the heck is that?
The #Oregon vs. #Nevada game is on FX ... does that mean I don't get my Rescue Me rerun?
that's all us homie...
Excited about the possibilities of the #sexcowproject ... BOOK COMING SOON! :)
Sometimes when I get beta invitations in the mail, so much time has passed, I'm like, "What was this service/tool again?" You get that too?
The guy in front of my keeps hitting my leg, quit playing footsies with me!!
Zimmerman waives his right to a speedy trial. Defense Counsel needs more time to prepare a defense.
Got a new followuuuuh.
great, great movie.
Can someone bring me a cheesequake blizzard from Dairy Queen with caramel?!
Can I get an invite please? Love this idea.
CTFU Im Just The Man Bruh . .
completely agree. Ill throw people's babies, vacations, and discussing your particular weather on that list
I'm a little irritated right now. But ill get over it. Imma hold my mule cause I don't feel like arguing wit anyone today.
Are You On If U Are Check The Message I sent u On YouTube i Am SingOrSwim1 Please Check it out
awww goodnight potato :"(( love you<3
"Living life one day at a time, and trying to be the best I can with each one". Inspiring!
Just finished great writing session with Dirk. Great song unfolding. Playing with "Steps of Faith" at Discovery Church Sunday morning.
I Think Your Mouth Should Be Quiet Cause It Never Tells The Truth
Bummer about Viola....
I feel so much better, thankgod for <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
I could NEVER get tired of "Dennis the Menace"! This is one of my FAVORITE movies!
Good Morning
have fun in my country its a honer to have you there
Listening to the Yankees and White Sox... doing laundry...watching Sharks and Flames game 7...I'm a great multitasker, eh?
Made ya look.
Follow - author of The Last Letter & a great author supporting other authors! Thanks Kathie!
Q. Did you hear about the male prostitute who got leprosy? A. He did okay until his business fell off.
no when we were telling u "the lies" not those fictional stories
haha yes it is but at least there's never a rain out. Nice bonus when traveling 3 hours to a game.Now I don't mind going to Miami
Grape Fanta real nigga soda.
Yup no problem hit me up anytime.
Is it democracy that rules or is it the electoral college? Can we say Al Gore. Either way I'd vote 4 u Roseanne
Thanks for the RT!!!
Girl Scouts said the Girl Scout Promise and danced to "celebrate". Customers were surprised!
haha thanks! Random! Ill take it!
UK this weekend and Indianapolis next weekend, #soexcited!
Can you please! follow me I recently feel in <U+2665> w/ The Fashion Fund | your childhood story REALLY resonates w/ me(my) :) !*)
Hopefully they'll come out with new mio youtube videos. :)
David Ney at Honey Moon Tasting Room, 8:30pm. No cover.
Just finished a long photoshoot. San Francisco photographer commercial Napa wedding siliconvalley silicon valley
Bama in the swamp! Go Gators!
If the Yankees are on the WS? You can pretty much bet your last nickel I'll be at every game. As it is I go to about 25
Ha! I thought I saw you!
Atleast I Know Im Cute & Doing Me !
Aint talked to in a good lil minute!
toronto attractions
Tell me of these ingredients.
RT Love works every time. Pass it on.
We've got 1/2 price bottles of vino all day and Sawdust Symphony tonight at 7:30. What a great Monday, #Milwaukee!
Had a great week of recruitment last week, and we wish our alpha chapter much luck! <3
You'll never be alone, you will never be out of options, you will never have to settle, every goal is attainable
Had a dream I was at a weird dinner party in an occult bookstore with Terence McKenna and Zack Galifianakis. We were discussing time travel.
Well done ! where is my invite?
I don't suffer from INSANITY I enjoy every minute
I can't wait for you to see the new kitchen!
Its got oats and corns and wheat its the sweetest breakfast treat its maple maple maple-licious!
make two dreams come true but following me nd 33
can u pleas follow me Mo Couch?
oh awesome... did you name her (or him)? I want to see pictures!!
What the hell is a 'car lift'? Mitt is just, well not one of us. T3IwA7WSN2s.twitter via
Yeah it is one of our favs! We shared it on our Facebook and Twitter!
well would you like to go see the hunger games with me ha
Thanks for the RT Commissioner!!!
-Every challenges has it`s own price. :D
Distance sucks... my room is so far from the kitchen .
Once you know to read, you will be free forever - Frederick Douglass READ AMERICA - IT IS THE BASIS OF DEMOCRACY AND FREEDOM
good call on the pacers. they're lookin real good
want to take you girls out after the concert?....oh Rita what would we do without her
says some bacteria from food illness excrete toxins that can do a lot of damage
The way I feel tonight is like the same feeling I had on a day back in 2010.....
A tequini is a martini made with tequila instead of dry gin.
tell me about Wisecup. Know anything about him?
it's different when that light comes from a SOCCER stadium... More evil or something
Get em RT : Pumped up after a great gym session yesterday.. ready to let the beast out again today!!
Thanks bro. Been crazy here. Three kids will do that. :) Hope all is well on your end. Stay strong!!!!!
my current one has 1 like. i'm too cool for likes, so i'm a bigger deal.
Hart Johnson Terry Cahill Cole Parker Lampard Gerrard Young Rooney Wellbeck. Start as 442, end up 4132 and ENG will be home by the 20th.
Dear One Direction , there is something wrong with my bed. You're not in it
Bak To Paris Today
“"If I'm louder would you see me" "Hands are silent" "Voices numb" our boys obviously have no clue what senses go with what body part.” OMFG
things are hectic but thats not a bad thing I suppose. Keeping busy with 'stuff'. Really looking forward to the big dance today
exactly.. But I might have to just to get some relief
well, I saw John stamos at jazz feat yesterday. Admittedly not as cool. Stamos was never a Jedi.
my mom watches that
GOD DAMN IT ZIVA. WHY
Maybe it's sad, but I love the headlines "Spring boy finds pet chickens mutilated" denverpost.com/breakingnews/ci_17635086
BREAKING NEWS: 270 WB AT 71 NB on the north side is CLOSED due to a motorcycle accident.
As of 8:45 am many buses are running behind schedule due to traffic and weather conditions.
you should totally reply to this if you see it. you're freaking amazing, & i love your youtube videos. <U+E32A>
Linguist to a room full of bilinguals: "In N.M., they [Spanish speakers] call a garden hose 'tripa de agua'!" Bilinguals: [Hearty guffaws.]
. Thanks to everyone at 14th & V for a terrific time at A.C.T.O.R.! Y'all do it right.
What do we want? Things that make noise and fit in our mouths! When do we want it? We have no conception of time!!!! (baby protests)
"I wasn't that drunk." "Dude, you logged onto Myspace..."
When the stick unloads everyone becomes a casualty
What a coincidence! I'm addicted to writing for We're like twins.
what will 2012s song of the summer be?!?! it can't be something that's already released. it has to be a pop jam.
why didn't you go?
RT Minnesota #Vikings accept stadium deal; House & Senate to vote on it in the next 12 hours.
"wanna play some modern double-ya 3 feller?" - my brother
Never thought that it'd be easy cause we both so distant now and the walls are closing in on us and were wondering how
People need to stop and think before they say something that makes them even more stupid
Happy for George....some of the best moments I have as a Bucks fan were the standing ovations the BC crowd use to give him when he walked in
Left your credit card at the bar last night?
500 I think, There my cousins trying to help him get rid of them
DID I REALLY JUST DROP A DUB TO GET IN THIS BOTCH? ITS SUM FEMALES THO
which season of Downton are you watching?
im back twitter :)
Fuck Jersey Shore, Grey's Anatomy its back tonight!!! :-)
Need to move beyond the scarcity/pseudocompetition mindset MT : winners = companies that integrate
Back reading Twitter after an inattentive while. Say, is there anything I could get outraged about? I've really missed that.
Bouttah Get Some Tree
you're third person to ask me that. It's called iHome Alarm or something. Search alarm in store and find it. Lots of reviews.
You don't want Botox in that face.
#Anonymous opens here in WNY today. Feel as if I have been waiting years for this film.
Will do!
At "Publishing from the library" at Berkeley. Could this be the new direction for open access? Let's find out!
My prom dress is gonna be a Bella Rose original :)
check your Facebook... I found something you might like
I read "fish stocks" & my first thought was the pot on my stove.
All right. Happy New Year
Thanks boss; am enjoying Edinburgh at the moment. Hope you're well on yr way to recovery....
UHG IM SORRAY, i was editing my video ): its uploaded, go watch it ;)
I don't understand twitter! Could you not just put this on Facebook? My twitter is reserved for sporting!
Well. This will be fun.
have fun!
Thank you veterans!
yup. I was impressed when I saw it was from his 'mobile' device...
almost to my 900th tweet. who should i make it to ?
how does this look? Font identified!
I have this disease that prevents me from giving a shit.
is the designer for Cher, Elton John, Christina Aguilera and now he has a fabric collection with
I am finally leaving the hotel! conference officially over, only a few more video posts to upload before the real fun begins...
looks like a great time!
Don't forget to check out this weeks FREEROLLS and great fantasy games to take advantage of!
You know that part in the Constitution where it says to consult the bible? Yeah...it doesn't. The Constitution is supreme law of the land
andys jazz club w/ coolest cats ever
hahaha ew shut it. I literally just texted you..a picture of my hammie. She's such a cutie.
Loving You is like a battle and we both end up with scars!
Ain't THAT the truth smh....RT ": #1 Friday nights arent what they used to be"
Can't wait to go out in the city w/ 3 wk countdown
“Terry Francona talking about pitchers who get the yips on their throws to first base. Lester, Roger Clemens, many others, as well
What matters to you, doesn't matter to them. What matters to them, doesn't change anything.
Celebrate Purple Friday@ Sonic #Baltimore &try Sonic Toaster Melts 4 only $1.99>homemade onion rings, Cherry Limeade& special Pumpkin Shake
boom! And my middle part.
Thank God It's Friday!!!
kind of feel stupid now for driving thru UW Madison campus the other day screaming "We Are - - Marquette"
Carolyn Hank talking abt archiving blogs
Please share our Page with your friends & family. Thank you to everyone who has LIKED our page so far!
Wait, why can't I have a douchey one??
yup Gary Harris hit a buzzer beater, HSE won 86-83...and the 3rd ranked team in the state is going home..already
When defeat comes,accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal.
BULLYING IS A BAD CHOICE!!! Choose to be nice... Choices are endless, Be Choosey
Almost done with my She Holds the Rabbit print
Thanks for the follow, ! Love the new episodes of and your new single that came out last Tuesday!!
hate speech? You're kidding right? Were you saying the same about Sharpton? Farrakhan? Jackson? 5-6 wks ago re: Trayvon?
"No offense" means I'm about to insult you, but don't get mad.
I'm not a laker fan but I'm wanna see kobe go to work tonight!
Awesome! Thanks for listening we appreciate it
Eek! So happy for you :)
#WhatIMissMost not having to pay bills those were the days
Watching classic horror movies on a cold rainy night makes all the difference!
Summer street is packed with hundreds of people having a good time.
they are off to an up and down start the bats are quiet but they will turn it around
there is, its called TriniDaD's house;))
Great to talk to you today! I really hope my thoughts on the US-Mex press coverage were helpful. Good luck on the move!
Gotcha. We do appreciate proper art for sure. Hopefully we come up with designs you like. We'll be accepting ideas soon too.
Thomas J. Watson
Today 1849: Southport (now Kenosha) built a brick school house; it was the first free school funded entirely by taxes.
thanks cos I'm new to the midwest and this stuff is freaking me out (fear of tornadoes)
We're heading to Modesto, CA tonight for our first out of state show. We're excited. Thank you all for supporting us.
ditto, man. Happy Birthday to ya!
Dreams are meant to be lived. Not to be pushed to the back burner.
#FF recommendations! Our Gr8t #ClearedJobFair customers: U R The best!
Added a couple of new choices to our selection this week. Got a Suburban and an Extended Cab F150 ready to go to work!!!
yep i tried thought iwas on twitter jail but then when i tried adding other words to it the tweet it worked..
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. -Martin Luther King Jr.
Omg Steelo Brim Just Tweeted Back! Haha iFeel So Awesome! (:
": I might take a nap . To ease my mind :/"smoke a blunt to clear ur mine
#smx The lady who printed the badges...I really appreciate her beauty. Oh yea...the FB ecosystem...wtf lol?
The utterly atrocious & pathetic passing of Amendment 1 in NC today reminds me how horrific this country truly is against its own citizens.
I've Been Everywhere Looking For You Babe ......
Also spotted in a high stakes cash game in LA this week: 3Bet pro John "The Razor" Phan sporting a 'HU4ROLLZ" shirt and a 3Bet hat!
Damn right its me,I'm her nigga,nigga.
Thank you, I'll do my best! Thank you for following me back! :-)
I sent you the beat mayne
but anyways really good drawing hun ^_^
Need a personal trainer? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
OH I MISSED BLAMING THE SKY! LOLdoesn't surprise me...you know, they think METS are dying to trade for Zman
I dont think these guys even play fantasy football
Thanks to all who came and decorated Maiolica bowls! Special thanks to Diana Melancon for donating the glaze and glaze tips...
Know someone who should be getting our Facebook or Twitter updates? Help us to get to 100 likes and follows!
love this!
If u r Underemployed And Hating Life then we need to talk to change your financial situation with a Home Based Business 1-646-397-9817
Yeah, I've found myself in the habit of that, too, but I feel like that shouldn't count.
thanks for that beautiful article and for providing quality resources. Good to hear how different schools manage
I've been a blackberry girl for many years..but i think...i think...i am finally swinging towards an iphone. Know what i mean?
Well that was short and sweet thanks for playing Pitt lol
You're an inspiration pretty lady!
From all of us at HBC, We wish you a happy holiday season! May the season bring you joy and happiness with your family and friends!
yeah that's what i was thinking. all i can say is keep trying. you still have like two weeks to get a hold of him!!!!
.Now that I know you feel that way......<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
#TGIM! What is one career goal you are hoping to accomplish this week? Hard to believe the first quarter is almost over!
I'm GOOD. YOU
DAMN IT! got on the wrong bus agian!! ugh!
Hugo!!! Omg. Is it CG or is it not?! I don't care, it's awesome.
!!!": Sacrifice is a part of life. It's supposed to be. It's not something to regret. It's something to aspire to. -Mitch Albom"
Just ate 2 giant kit kats because they both fell out of the vending machine...
Hunger games, book 1, done.
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves. - William Shakespeare
Get it to Novak!
FF Talent Film peeps
I have been working since 9 in the morning..
hahaha....so you comin through tomorrow?..
That sound like a very good news.
you're so cute,I really mean it. <U+2665>
Today Should Be A Good day [ :
Alrighty ticket hunters! Head towards at 7pm, find Laura at the bar & Bada Bing, Bada Boom... TICKETS!!!
Call 212-523-0954. Any more details on this idea?
you just made me love you - i wish i knew how to quit you...
we saw the back of adam's head as he kissed Sauli
It's always nice to know that there are other people out there in the same postion and you're not the only one.
May the odds ever be in your favor.
Or our special of: 2 tamales with warm hot chocolate only $3.99!
I want to go to the reason rally so bad! I'm too far away:(
Love getting my #HSE Fan Stand email powered by #ExactTarget --- nicely done !
when you find out what constitutes as winning, please let me know. Waiting is the worst.
Chapter 2012 Page 39 of 366 My level of Faith is directly related to my level of Success. Matt 8:13
studio wit my niggas &
Hey Primo! It's wonderful to see the wonderful things you are doing. (I am Margy's daughter).
Does anyone else find it comical that #Webbys voting is hosted on Aol? This is really the place for the winners of the internets?
Props to Rick Ankiel for that freak of nature throw today props to ya
Say my name and hers in the same breath; I dare you to say they taste the same.
I loved doing the shoot with you yesterday, it looks fantastic!
Why am I the one always saying sorry when he's the one thus wrong..?
Huge 2nd period at xcel, Wild tied it up too!!
Actively looking for #jobs in the #healthcare/communications industries in #Richmond, Virginia.
when you hate on when there are almost #10millionbeliebers ...
9:30 p.m. start :P
#TebowGotTradedFor a four piece nugget
what are you so sure of
And straight girls posting a million photos of their manicures on Instagram.
Hi Heidi! Hope you and the Pretty family are doing awesome. All the best. -Brian, Rebecca, and Kaden:)
Are you at Atwater Park in this nasty weather?
Yeah, um your lose. There's plenty of fish in the sea. c: lol
Nah fam RT Did we Win?
At a housewarming party watching #caps / #NYRangers .. can't believe I wasted so many Saturdays "working" for the man. It's a good party day
Today's #FF - On Twitter, interesting news commentary. On Instagram, amazing iPhone views of NYC. You'll be glad you followed her.
text me
true true
Using a high percentage of semolina flour, our newest bread uses a wet sourdough levain that intensifies the nutty flavor.
omg daniels stupid -.- & not repling too me and shiiittt Q
You taught me to never give up my dreams, so in his honor, I will take my entire class to buy #NSNDVD.. OMB,excited.. 9
Plus I can watch the entire series of most things, which is nice if I want to start something new and have missed some.
I thought I was a foodie before, but going vegetarian/vegan has made me love real food so much more.
Life is, more than anything, a Karen Carpenter TV special.
Create a room that is distinctly, definitively yours with fully customized window fashions.
she LOVES them haha
What comes after the letter T? Normal People: U. Me: Wait..A,B,C,D,E,F,G....
yea I did thank you :) <3
LMAO! THeirs someone on facebook with tons of wig snatchin pics that he credits janet for!
Anyone camping out for Black Friday? #PLACEparty cc ^mw
That sounds LOVELY! Doesn't take much to draw me out to Arden...I'll do it! (Up through April or mid-May?)
We are adding a 4th wireless access point to IB Center (keynote room) today - that should give about 75 people #CILDC wifi access.
The proposed new slogan for : "If it's a good decision, make it. If it isn't, it's exactly what the Orioles would do anyway."
New word: "confustion." Let's make this happen.
sure. DM it to me.
Cotto needs to bring it if he wants to win.
Watch: Exclusive Post-SmackDown Brawl
Has any other basketball fan ever noticed that Kenyon Martin, Drew Gooden, and Carlos Boozer are all the same guy? Lol
Love ya, mean it!
If you talkin loud about ya hustle and grind BUT not cashin checks! #norespect!!! Humble yourself success will follow #weedropweerock!!!
Perfect! Quote of the Day: Don't make fashion own you, Decide what you want to express by the way you Dress!
I guess it seems I always fuck things up..why me
Little hard to focus today, gotta round it up and get some $HT done
a workout show? That's cool I need to workout more haha
Teen wolf is going to start again? I just want to see Stiles. He's so cute lol
Not if you send a message direct to Twitter. I am.
INVISIBLE BEHAVIOR New Bridges Ballet joins Sylva Dean And Me as a part of Derrick B. Harden's BLK XMAS Oct 10 at Lyons Weir Project Space
Wade/Unique, you are NO Jesse St. James.
Get your act together. YES YOU CAN!
"Big dreams turn into Big things"
Repair your credit with on time payments.. Late is latr in the credit world
What the fuck...
#fridayreads 4th (and last) Volume of The History of the English-Speaking Peoples by Winston Churchill. Can I finish it? I sure hope so.
how did i not know that movie was from an book????? saw yesterday
i love it when my co workers call me over by say hey ho or you slut or yelling whore and then if i dont go the yell louder.... gotta love em
wrapping up a performance installation at colgate with margareth kammerer
Graphic designer? Let us hook you up! Visit our website at www.stardesignsa.com or to us to get your design started!
Happy Friday Hot Messers! Give the Mexican Wolverine a call, loved to get on show sometime!
Happy to serve , , at this year's Opening Night Party at Free access w/ film ticket!
If I could pick any decade to live in, it would be the 60's
Emails. Emails. Emails. Emails. Emails. Where are the NBA playoffs when you need them?
my phone vibrated. It scared the bejesus out of me
you know who you remind me of going into that bathroom you're pooping in? Howie from benchwarmers
George Zimmermann says if he was an a Unarmed African-American Adult it would be alright to Follow him & Shoot, But he was a Teen I'm Sorry!
What do you get when you cross poison ivy with a four-leaf clover? A rash of good luck. Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Well now I can't DM you! Show some social media love :)
Reason 8 Why Changes Fail: Leaders Fail to Appreciate the Power of Fear (see blog post for more)
Groupon's offering 60% off a Relationship-Focused Hypnosis Session. If your relationship needs hypnosis, you're doing something wrong.
CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS!!!!! :D
A spokesman for Rick Scott, Florida governor who just took office, said the governor was closing state Office of Drug Control.
Not sure why I feel hungover. I haven't touched a drink in 2 days. Jeez.
i thought people stopped writing in bathroom stalls in middle school
Oscars gift suite with ecofriendly goodies..just did a Psa for Global Green Technology and happy to serve our world!
I hate when teachers ask you essay questions that relate to other essay questions! It's like, "DIDN'T YOU READ MY LAST ANSWER, DAMN!"
Thanks for the retweet a while back. Hope all is well. Peace!
“: #InCaseYouDidntKnow Being faithful to your boyfriend or girlfriend should be common sense.”
"I am proud to be Woody Strode to Nolan's Kirk Douglas." Joss Whedon, I didn't think I could love you more...
is here?? Dude the one here is so sketchy lol
and live tomorrow on BET 106 and Park for !!!!
cuz I'm short on hours. online Spanish hw and finance project.
has been in wal-mart for the last hour bc of the lay out!...EVERYTHING has been moved to a different location! in the store!
It was gut-wrenching.... our hearts, souls, love and compassion go out to her..
txt me back chick lol
Fuck Miami heat it all about the Chicago Bulls :P
love new board feeling
won me as a fan this week. Nice atmosphere & champagne on the house for just a 10 min wait.
Actually I'm almost certain a few of them bring their kids to story time...
Final #AUPSteadyRain performance today. 2:30 pm. Wheeler Arts Center. Be there. Fountain Square. :-)
im listening to slow music thinkin about some shit
Did some running in my new Nikes yesterday! So awesome!
Living a wonderful...Action....
Today has been very odd, and eventful.
Cool film audition this afternoon.
hahah ya boy! Get it in pimpin
I'm looking for a ridah
Paige is teaching me how to wobble ;) lol ...that means I get to watch her shake her ass ;)
The people you care about most in life are always taken away from you way too soon!
I guess I dont love them.
I'm so jealous you me IRL!!!
blue a blow and blew a fuse until it maxed beyond all might...please remove the bullet from my asshole...Aunchus went "bang"
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong - JC Pearce
Wonderful summer Intern for you from Princeton Day School?
You guys having any trouble up there today? Anything.... rotten, perhaps?
" Five FULL days til 2012... Did u get ur ticket yet?"
Wow peanut butter burger is bomb af- Killer Burger.
Shit is it only Tuesday?
Thanks for playing Camaron de la Isla! Next time, play "Como El Agua"- that's my favorite song of all time.
Come and enjoy this beautiful Friday at La Cofradia restaurant !
Nate Robinson could do a really great Barea impression for the Mavericks.
Executive producers told Adele to lose weight. But she replied: "I write music for ears, not eyes." <U+2665>
Good morning tweet pep....shout out to the big brown we was 3live (red)....so make she u be 2 we gone be 4live....
getting ready for the gig at La Jolla at East Chase tonight... 9 to midnight... come on down!
There were 12 people at the last supper.
Getting ready to party!!!
School is almost over wow it feels like life is going by to fast!
We should all learn from our mistakes but Identify and Appreciate our Successes.
thanks for that - much appreciated!
by registration - other side of escalators going toward room IJ
Today is Teacher Appreciation Day - without several great teachers, I would not be the person I am today. THANKS!
Tuesday night. No.
Keep sending those #FREE drinks folks! Still more time! and just in time for #Happyhour! #Bartab to the rescue!
Yeah, that makes sense. Google Drive has better pricing too.
Good Luck Mo ur doing a good job,keep it up!!1
hope you have a decent poncho today. you'll need it with this horrible rain.
you will be there in spirit. Your support rocks!
Going to look at a car tomorrow. Sick.
It depends on what else I got. Got a good system? Go Luck. Got nothing else? RGIII.
Lil mama so bad .
And contemporary discussions about & presentations of history are central to our discipline, too.
another excellent example of prioritized spending (he said sarcastically)
those are pretty, but it is tough to have a common name.
I'm fucking offended that someone actually put what they think are "corrections" on my essay.
Welcome to Twitter! Suggest you follow and for starters. A lot of great paralegals on Twitter.
mine are all rescues ..
ok. Let's go!
If we cannot see ourselves as heaven sees us, we cannot see ourselves. - Dr. David Jeremiah. A Bend in the Road
deff #endofstory aint no one ever gonna be able to compare to Eminem EVER! Mayb YellaWolf he's gettin there!
As long as we R secure (guns) in defending R property socialism can't survive. Gun cntrl destroys prprty rights and freedom. 1st Amend!
this is torchure i lost my remote so i cant change the channle off of disney junior
sometimes n u go sit outside
White or black iphone?
Chevy Nova Fastback for the win!
To attract everything you want, you have to apply everything you know - Jim Rohn paraphrased
and I'm headed to ACRL as well and would be interested in meeting up for a bite to eat. Sounds like fun!
let's do it!
GUIDE students to show Strength & Character over Bullying someone else..
TODAY IS THE PRIORITY DEADLINE FOR ARCHIVING THE ARTS. Submit 250word proposal to - final deadline July 13.
truly admire my mom for her strength I could never handle being in her position or doing what she does especially during this time
Thanks so much for your RT Chris.
On stage tonight : Astra Via (new band from Olivia Mancini) w/ Little Anchor and The Courtesans! Doors at 8:00. $10
Can't. Stop. Sneezing. #achooooooooo This is accompanied by a runny nose.
just home sick:/ Hby?
Lol too much unnecessary things happened tonight ..
#TheVoice has been successful in making me completely despise Christina Aguilera.
Damascus Media and Merch is now apart of the B! Awesome.
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 36
ya I know you like it...
we are on 10th and Walker right across from McNellies :)
Moving on is so hard when it seems there is nothing to move on too
yw. I love u little bit
rip the stage loc
Yo bro I wanna work with you.
this is a test
ATL next weekend!
How about Unwilling Ham? RT Willingham!! RT Have a creative name for this year's pig mascot? ...
I think it was just her style, might be wrong though.
I wanted to let you know,I took really good care of your brother at special Olympics. He had so much fun. And we were winners
In need of manicure to fully round out my new hairdo and elevated mental health status.
OctoberFest Sales going on all month long at MusicalStop.com MusicalStop.com - Home to Independent Artists Across North America!
Scarlett Johansson Covers Vogue Magazine: Love it or Hate It?
thank you so much :)
Xbox nation tonite
happy cinco de mayo:)
“: no you def have #prettyboyprobz” how so..rofl
Sleep is for the weak! And for those who have dogs that aren't terrified of thunder...
- omg.. NASTY! i would run the other way too.
Way to take that screen to the house today!
Should be a sweet show
Friends of Coronado mansion victim Rebecca Zahau had private memorial service for her today at bible college chapel in Murietta
you just pissed off the wrong people!
Check Ya Head on repeat.
I love you're DP !
thanks for the follow!
blue line train driver that took me home was a fellow frenchman..;p
sure do! Thanks for coming and supporting us too!
I would prefer Arizona walkers b/c I would like someone who has to deal with this heat. But I will take any
is going to hang with the WAVE Atlanta team and the creatives at Free Chapel this weekend!!
i support our troops how can i help them and please get back to me thank you
...and then I slept for 11 hours. Winning!
'i'm not crazy - i just don't give a fuck!' Night of the comet was a hoot!
here at practice... in pads....
It was great to have our regulars tonight, and awesome to have all of the new participants!
Want me to keep it 100 with you, ya ass better do the same. You fake to me ima be fake to you. Real.bitch.shit
thanks, Aditya. I like to think it too.
Getting ready for Workshop 2 with our Volunteer Corps members! Tonight is companion planting, garden planting plans...and more Chipotle!
no before the concert...when we were talking about how you met Cody when his hair was curly or something..lol
I mean they have the worst attendance and the tickets aren't even expensive. Fine, least supportive fans.
Everyone follow
Math teachers speak up with your classroom ideas!! I wish there was a math app that....
You should also play them that song, which I had not remembered was terrible.
So happy you like it!
#ThingsThatINeed a life!
Got some great goods from Gramma
I HEART YOUR FACE, LADY.
Seriously.... REALLY?
hahaha hell ya sounds good bro!
I saw when you were working on that. It turned out lovely!
RT Night shift note for Files That Last: How not to back up a multi-million dollar movie. #digitalpreservation http://...
Camp tomorrow really cant wait!!!!
I want tagged on Facebook!
I did! Great review. Glad you liked it
"Mother is the word for God on the hearts and lips of all little children” <U+2015> William Makepeace Thackeray
This is what we do, we win against teams that we will face in the playoffs! Lakers #1 KB 24 MVP! :)
your picture looks like you mean business.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "One of the greatest mental freedoms is truly not caring about what anyone else thinks of you."
RT : waiting to skype in live on With those sexy entities
My research indicates that haters in fact have a higher likleyhood of hating while players tend to play. References:
Scratch George's... Splash! :)
I just saw a plane from my office window in metro center. Probably just a plane. But I'm going to pretend that I
Hugs and love to all the women at the the #NACWE Inspired Women Event... I miss you already!
so Shaw is in, any guess as to who sits? Saad? Will BMo's big Game 4 goal keep him in?
i'll check Franklin out. Ours is Chester 8 yrs old now. maybe i'll have him star in some videos too!
Why are UPS drivers so overly excited? I thought this lady was going to hug me.
you don't make no sense.
No Beef - Afrojack
Make rest a neccesity,not an objective.Only rest long enough to gather strenght. Jim Rohn
"Come Share the Lord" :-)
I love you Lorenzo - Darcia :)
ya totally.. I took the class about 2 yrs ago..going to take part 2 w/
Trying to cram a semesters worth of class into a night of studying
Went to a "Lego" store for the first time (in NYC). Amazing. An Apple store like shrine to #legos. Love it.
you like how they slide down ur throat?
what were the mavericks odds last year?
I think you should follow because he has great tweets, will never stop tweeting you, and please.
and by "devine" I mean divine... the food and the wine must have made me a bit floaty...
thanks for posting this! how come Japanese can't explain like that?
#yankees CC is 16-2 LIFETIME vs O's. We always hit at Camden Swish & Tex esp. We have Sori to close. We're tied for least team ERRORS in MLB
Where do you want winners to contact you again?!
I just ordered #findingforever. I'm already nervous about how much I will cry reading it
only 1/2 day of work today - looking forward to getting on that plane to CO in 8 hours!
RT : Oregonian Online team: Always working hard. Today's debate: Which word is better SEO, naked or nude? (C'mon, use "Nekkid")
been really busy my whole life i have some time right to be on twitter again
Can't wait to be home for my birthday weekend.
aw thnx!=D
Congrats to the architect Dale Tallon for getting the #Panthers back in the playoffs!!
Monday has got to be the most boring word ever.
We have been approached about an housing design and curriculum specifically for Autism. Would you'll group be interested?
Thanks for your support as an Emerald sponsor of #CommLab2012 PRSA MI State Conference
So, what would the verb be for adding someone to your #Google+ network? 'Circling' them?
follow <U+23E9><U+23E9> big things POPIN his way!
Buffett tries to assure on Berkshire succession
you're freakin' on fire! Great stuff...
Im lock out my house my brother and my mom aint answern dere fone omg im frezzn kuh my life
presentation is shaping up nicely! Now I am ready for a quiet night though, feel better
Aw and Kim's sitting next to her boyfriend, how sweet!
We Love One Direction!! <3
Who's the monkey they let design the traffic light patterns in the Calhoun area?
Can't use the 40 percent on Js or Nike IDs
never reall crossed my mind but scooby-doo is a beast i mean the dog talks what more could u ask for!?
I'm a little worried about all the middle size and small data we're not hearing about today.
i have to read 9451 pages of TOTC
of course he won't mention the fact the C's played entire 4th & OT.
Ready for happy hour!
Everyone STOP what you're doing and turn it to the OWN network to watch Oprah's #NextChapter with !! It's gonna be awesome y'all
Do you know if Yung God got a Twitter?Whatever,it doesn't matter as long as you fxck my bitch.
#Browns fans, this kid gets it!! You are going 2 b a very popular player here in #Cleveland! #GoBrowns!!
when your rival town is also your favorite town to party with.
NOT YOU, TOO!
Just finished #fieryfoods judging - hooooboy! Nice sweet hot mustards going on!
by then, cuz i really really really really really want to go, and i miss my boys too </3
those days end up sucking and you realize errbody around you is annoying RT: First day coming out my house without my ipod /:
Had a great lunch today with and
Makes me miss Bakersfield's jury room. And that takes a lot!
I hate Louisville,but seriously, this seasons disappointment is all Pitino. He's lost it as a coach & getting his salary should be a crime
Got front row seats. You guys coming?
RT your favorite cold weather accessory! Where's it from?
HAHA! This guy coffee is a fool.
im good can't complain how was ur mothers day
I think I'll try dutch
The last thing I want to do is hurt you...but it's on my list.
#twowordswhitepeoplefear Conventionally Grown
Want to hear season 6 announcement? Come to our Gold Rush Gala May 12!
Headed to NYC for 's opening.
I didn't know u have snails
bring your hubby!
No matter what anyone says, One Direction's songs are catchy...
*smiles* I am writing a book and gonna call it #CougarTales - it's set in Toronto :P
Nice....just change your name to Jenessa, RIGHT after I told you what your real name was hahaha
fuckin rite they aint bout to come away wit it that fast
Blah someone entertain me D:
Join at on Tuesday night for networking with the Pittsburgh Professional Connection!
Come take our adult ballet class tonight :15!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
big bitch smith you ain't say shit
Oak black hole is scary lol
haha. I feel it makes the conversation more interesting.
I was at the gym and Starbucks..just got back!
Touchdown shots
Exploring downtown houston with ! Any suggestions on places to go?
yeah! Next 2 weekends my calendar is crazy, but after the beginning of may my calendar we'll be pretty free!
I continue to be delighted by your menu. Truffle fries always seem to make their way onto our table.
It has been a tad bit o' time since I've done any #ff tweets. I guess there is no time like the present... let's begin.
Drastic change of meeting location… still next to the beach, works for me.
You riding that OKC train I see... please
i understand. i still gotta find time to read the last harry potter book :(
.............2 minutes after this we crashed. I blame you.
The world knows now :) RT : really? You really like me? :p
I got more rhymes than Picasso's got paint.
Haha! #pacers made the #heat quit!
There are no guarantees. From the viewpoint of fear, none are strong enough. From the viewpoint of love, none are necessary.
Q: Matt from UCSD-campus w/o AsAmSt. from fallout Compton Cookout, resistance by Black, Latino faculty 4 AsamSt minor. How to help convince
Best St. Paddy's Day ever! Crushed in darts!
S/O 2 The WestCoast Homie "Cal-Snubs" For All The Support! ...our Single will be On The Radio in a Few Weeks!
30+years ago I took jazz pianist McCoy Tyner from Boston's JAZZ WORKSHOP & photographed in Blackstone Park I saw him tonight at REGATTA BAR
The Freedomina Chronicles is coming along very well. Thanks for your support!
Welcome new Winvale partners!
We have a match tomorrow? I blame for not saying anything about it!!
Happy Friday Morning! We have Banana Foster Bread Pudding coming out of the oven--Made with rum & cointreau topped with whipped cream
i am making up relle good songs to #niallwhipshispenis .. like legit i am amazing at this!
spends months reporting. Then organizing. Then writing. Then a complete draft. "THEN the work starts."
Everything just doesn't feel real anymore :/
if you are taking horse hair pills, i'm on them. you are looking amazing.
Hot yoga. Then 18 sets of shoulders. Bosu sit ups holding a 20lbs plate. Good start to the day-
also, if sactown moved to Seattle, I'd love the new team, but feel same. Worse already knowing how it feels to lose a team!
RT : I live the #HighLife #SEX #DRUGS &amp;
Home at last!
For if you find out how to access faith & step off the boat in the mist of a storm then you are well on your way to the
Temperature-wise...IM IN HELL.
memories of dragging 10 foot tall toy dragon to my aunt say "can I have it" and she'd always tell me I needed something that fit under s ...
San Diego has the numbers for an Asian “empowerment district” on the City Council. But will and support it?
you piece of shit!
Last time I went to the expo, they carried some girl out on a stretcher. Alcohol poisoning.
Stick a fork in Wake... glad I didn't have the money to follow my own -6.5 theory.
RT : I think we are registered, looking forward to it.
WAITING 4 A GOOD COME BACK DUDE
asked where i got my hair cut, then tells me he got his cut on top of his head.
kekeke are you getting it?
al ready bro
yeah been thinkin bout pacers game. Tony and me planeed on pacers vs spurs but they dont play in indiana this yr
Back on the road again. IUP, Altoona, Beaver County, where are you at?
#YoMamaSoFat when she walks past the window, we lose 4 days of sunlight.
Farewell, with greatest respect, admiration, and gratitude to Earl Scruggs.
ok im making a new story since i cant finish my other one but im gonna audition ppl who wanna be in it if u do plz tweet me i need 4 girls
Sure :) What can i do for ya?
: I see. Off-beat question: What are your favorite resources for finding auditions?
had a gig earlier today now #freecomicbookday and later meeting with friends!!
“: Roses are red violets are blue..I have 5 fingers & the middle one is for you!”
Shoutout to Liz and Kat for my Awesome Book you made for me! Just opened my mail! look at this...totally u
i always wonder if sees my tweets to him... hm..
Thanks love!!
Sixers and Thunder. what bout your bro
Lunch time :-)
Agree. And 'reactive' steals all the budget. RT : A3. "Reactive seems to be the way many companies do things!"
Preferred Seating has been selling great - Don't Wait visit www.indyjazzfest.net
I moved to Arizona remember , your family still hate me
:) Thanks Mister!
yeah :s I had to take it out bcus of volleyball.
Yea RT : You still have the same number?
On the way to see Conan perform tonight.
join us to celebrate each game of the football world cup in south Africa! specials guaranteed!! :)
Life is what you make it. So make the most out of it! Have a great weekend everyone.
I liked the Tupac hologram show back when it was called the Gorillaz.
RT : FB page looks great Terri. I "Like" it. >> Thanks for 'liking' Barry. Do you have a page I can 'like'?
I swear these stupid white girls that are 'popular' are posting the most stupid, gay ass shit on fb! Like how the hell are u fuckung cool!?
Ok. I'll check it in a moment I'm knee-deep in eggplant. Don't ask...
The Silk Tie likes JaiKrishna! Model any ties to your friends before? thesilktie.com
Why have I seen no pictures or anything from the Taiwan BTW Ball?!
I wish I could but I'm supposed to work on Friday...ill try to pull some strings tonight tho and ill let you know
If I was at currently at 370,000 tweets (100x), then I'm either a spammer, or someone is gonna tell me to get a life. =)
Have a great weekend,
Well there goes the rest of my self esteem...
"WWLD?" What Would Liberace Do? (Trying to pick out clothes for this evening.)
I keep it,
Heavy, heavy rain in Powell...and w/this rain, it doesn't matter that my mower's in the shop. It'll be 2015 before we dry out.
I sort of want to favorite this, but I wouldn't want you to think I was mocking you :( Feeling your pain.
hahaha... You would
Thanks for the ArtFusion love! This Sunday is the last one until Fall! Thanke to #FISglobal for its support!
No matter the topic, if you're being harassed, you must take steps to resolve the problem. Walking away only helps you, resolution helps all
Ugh , fuck you bitch .
S/o to Changed radio in MKE
if that's the case I think the women should do everythin the man say..not cause he said so but cause he takin care of her
On panel last nt, was v. interesting to hear B. Metzgar's thoughts on PWs' agents restricting advocacy.
Has been set free...
everyone who nagged me into reading the #hungergames can now rest easy. read it. lost an entire day of homework to it. happy now?
Theyve broken into my car three times now, and stole it once. The world hates me.
#thatresonates webinar = filled to capacity. Anticipate good things.
:Luxe Courtier vacation homes! Email-
Auction hunters
i have to tell u sumthn
play me!
would love to connect with you!
What am im doing ? What am I doing ? Oh yeah, that's right . I'm doing me , I'm doing me . I'm living life right now .
` Wishing I Had A Subway Sandwhich Right Now (:
we could start a carrot loving revolutioon <3
It feels like a saturday at the gym
Installing Messages - excited about Mountain Lion - makes me want a Developer account w/ Apple. Anyone know of iOS App courses/seminars?
#Confessiontime. I really like dressing up. Why, you ask? Day to day me is jeans and a t-shirt. I revel in the opportunity to be fancy!
My company's computer system now demands a 15-character password, which means I have to memorize like 7 one-syllable words
the fat guy will win via exhaustion.
Perseverance is a great element of success. Knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.H Longfellow
Like I said last night on Facebook, totally love this (and I know will too :)
"They stand together at the corner, looking about then with forced, defiant contempt."- THE STRAW
I did, thanks. Nice to have warm weather for a change :)
this mix in the morning should happen EVERY morning!
your song Boyfriend is stuck in my head. Cant wait till your album comes out. You inspire me so much wish to meet you one day.
BArTender, I'll have the same.
What I'm saying is that I've got a future..
Mondays usually aren't fun...unless you're at Quaker Steak & Lube. Then they are LOTS of fun!
Just ran into Spicoli from Fast Times @ Ridgemont high. He works in a bike shop. If this guy says 'righteous' one more time I may be on CNN!
Is it weird I sang meatloaf's song all day and now I'm eating it for dinner? Haha
here, there, everywhere. Where have you been?
That sure is some handsome denim.
we meeting up today??
cuz who doesnt eat it like that;P
Missing the #playoffs is def like a punishment. I'm hurting outchea at work!
And if he just holds on to either PA, OH or FL, he wins.
hahaha, you gonna have fill me in
at least this one can sing, tho, no?
Oh, beer. Thanks, and happy birthday, !!!
#DumbBitchProblems RT : I lost the cute earrings I just bought -_-
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery have only wall and Magee help needed
It's your attitude not your aptitude that determines you altitude. CYA - Check Your Attitude!
But since cats wanna be reckless: The Lakers are down 0-2 to a better team. The Heat are down 1-2 to a team that's not the better team.
This has been the longest week ever ...
Bowling! The Guttermilk Biscuits should never have been that town's best student rollers.
I saw "porno" and grinned.
I have no idea what you are talking about... not sure I want to.
When will any famous artist ever visit Spokane whashington. Tons of fans over here they would make a fortune!!!!?
Last night sleeping on an air mattress! :)
yesterday's lunch at hot mamas was hot mama!
I will join a live chat about social network analysis, Wednesday, Feb. 15, 9 PM ET
Prepping for on-camera mock audition in class to night at The Sport of Acting.
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Berkshire Hathaway, Southwest Airlines, United Continental Holdings, Delta Air ...
Looking forward to 's eHealth summit on December 12, 2011
Swag swag swag on yhu
Well I'm confident in this piece now.
theater tour coming soon? I hope he plays Very excited for this. Please come to Oakland or San Francisco.
Right now Tiger seems lost in his book of chords
i always her it spoken but never interpreted
Going to sleep! #Job on my mind =Success <<<That's what's up!
Everybody locked down. Except me.
nigga I'm on it get off my back lol
Going to go enjoy the sun!!!
If I mail you $5 in unmarked American currency, will you do your BEARD in corn rows or dreads? The world needs more FACTS.
Oh haha I get it :) ISA UGLY
Airlines are reporting few delays so far. But if you get stuck, has free assistance in US & Canada.! Just call (866) 644-6811.
i am lunch companion-less today :(
to buy more lotto with Masons winnings!
as expected, very physical game between and early on.
And I am perfectly okay with not having one, maybe selfish but i've got plans that don't involve a kid.
thanks for the mention. Have a wonderful day!
Tri Met reaches 100 million rides in Fiscal Year 2011 - topping last year and matching 2009.
I'm still so tired from the weekend . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Just traveled all the way to chino hills with just so she could buy 50 dollar makeup -_- this girl ahah
Google plus: an exorsize in how to be social without any friends.
I'm here too. Bummed I didn't win the Google Places contest!
No RT : When people say "oh fudge" shouldn't that signify something good. I mean, fudge is tasty.
So you boston think your going to win the finals your wrong because I hate the sh#####t you say so grow up boston is a cheater city
missed another ustream :'(
NemesisFive March 15th with the Recon Crew and guest.
should do another Skype contest! I forgot that it was the end of the contest and I forgot to enter:'( I started crying!:(
what is it ? wht do u do on it
Sorry, they were only available the night of our ski bash (2/10)
They lovin the crew
Fine & beautiful place for a meeting! Checked into La Jolla - California. More exciting disability studies academics to meet.
Whoops! Just texted my my son that I had some "sinscreen" for him.
completely agree! Sad “: Berba looks like he can't be arsed, but wouldn't you in his situation? Fergie has treated him like shit.”
they're not real race fans
Get the Nature Quote of the Day for your site or Blog - it's easy
a true father-son outing to "grow the roots" a little
#InMiddleSchool I was nothing like I am now..
Anyone hear any news lately about Tweetie 2 (for mac)? Waiting and waiting for that e-mail from Macheist about beta testing...
Thank you! It was fun. But challenging. A lot harder than auditioning of Orchesis! lol
Lets fuck some shit up tomorrow night ! :)
Who got Pro Tools M Powered for Mac?
Welcome to Milwaukee!
im about to figure yo ass out!! Hahaha u've been my mystery lady forever. Lol
": Alcohol is never the answer... But it does help forget the question."
Yes, undoubtedly similar! Thanks for the link.
. Hadn't heard of the E. T. Very interesting to think of how much more challenging that would be.
Happy "wish I never met you" Day! (that's what my mom says) sometimes you have to create new celebrations when the old ones cease to exist!
I hope everyone is prepared for an Orioles/Nationals World Series
it's a long story, but I'm sure you have it in your archives.
I just want it to die
Woe Jest
But ill fuck your right I will. I fuck you right I will
Car Ramrod!
PETA...never liked them since that South Park episode....
Love that spng
Happy International Women's Day to all of our remarkable Christel House alumnae around the world
I found their source base to be perfidious and fraught with danger.
Theme for #pla12 is 'You have the skills & you have the goods, you can succeed. It's about perspective change...'
Control System
Omg yr embarrassing me
Each of our acts makes a statement as to our purpose. ~ Leo Buscaglia
Apparently not soon enough...I've got a disability, and am recovering from an illness; that seems to be all people see.
Lead group looking small now at
I'm tired of all these tribute bands of Spotify! I want to listen to the real Beatles and Hall & Oates!
Follow for commentary
[Checks body of work] Yes. Yes I do.
Good for you! Me, I want to make records. Nice if I don't have to do everything myself. Hard enough to try to play well!
i like that! I want to see pics from your trip :)
Olin Miller~ You probably wouldnt worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do.
I used the Peppermint tea tree conditioner this morning, it was a wake up call for my scalp! Thanks
Oh no! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> Hope all goes well and Harvey makes a quick recovery!
My babies are sick for #easter weekend boo! :(
great night playing with the wonderfully talented Odetta Hartman! check her stuff out if you haven't heard her stuff...seriously.
Kids just brought me a pansy, so all those mean thoughts I was thinking about library patrons magically disappeared.
Great cocktails and food Fall Behind Cocktail Party
Loving the fact that someone's smart enough to make an account
man holla at ya boy I'm here! You ever roll through the DFW please give ya boy a shout!
#RedSox #Orioles on to the 17th and both using position players as pitchers. This is fun.
Good night soft dreams as you slumber
Brats and Kraut!! Gotta represent Wisconsin!
December reminds me of ________.
Dear Hour, I miss you.
yup I sure am lol still trying to figure out how to use it. Lol
Be the best at whateVer you do! And do it with a happy heart! And you will be blessed!
5 months??! Ouch! First time for us was 5 weeks, that was hard!
wait till the Kings are healthy next year tough guy.
So i just accidentally found out our dog really likes Bobby McFerrin.
Lovin LA, now if it would just warm up! 49 degrees!
good. At least you can do something.... Jk :)
Thought of a cool use for minature #projector lights.
oh, I'm cheering for Giants. Huge fan of Manning and Tynes!! :D You?
You;re pretty too(:
Are you motivated to juice? RT : Watching "Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead" for the 3rd time in a couple weeks...
Only 3 people can be in the delivery room with me. I feel bad for them and my mommy.
alright! i'll work on it then :)
Ill shut you down, you're not worth it <3
I said Callie got in a crash without her seatbelt. I do not know if she dies. That is what you call a cliffhanger.
who's going to see on April 6th in NYC? support one of our featured bands while they help to raise money for a good cause!
I need a tan waaah
The trap goin' ham so I know the police watchin' me
Wildcats driving...inside the CU 10-yard line
If you would like a certain Item to be posted, or need any advice in any computer components Message me. I can help.
I soo see with her own talk/interview show on HBO!
okay I've had enough of this stop accusing her of this. Me an her don't even know you. It's our relationship none of yours!
Thanks for the tweet, May!
Thanks for following us!!!
At Walmart and I see an old man riding a scooter behind his wife and he says "Shake it don't break it." Older people make me laugh. Haha
Good luck to the young 'un there. It's a wonderful shop that saved my tail many moons ago.
I have watched a worst drama of love:p
that was quick! Good luck... And what are you leasing from Diamond Lease?
lmfaooo you do too so im not the only one and mine is idek lol
such a boring saturday
Why don't yoga pants come in long?
Kobe with a facial!!!
When is the beta?
Then come back soon! You can shoot another feature film ... right here in South Florida!
Really enjoyed our time in Indiana with family and friends! Excited to be closer than an island.
That whole band sounded like Return to Forever.. and Chick Corea Electric Band..in one! CRAZYNESS!!!
It was awesome having u join us, ! thank you so much -- was delighted to spend time with you as well :-) #conv12 (client)
I miss us </3 gonna be a
Does that mean you have confetti and glitter guns ready for my arrival? Everything's better with confetti and glitter!
me and my awesome friend just bought our VIP tickets for your Philly show! <3 Can't wait
Did you know, for every night you pay regular rate, you can get the next night 40% off. Offer valid through December 31st.
You are to pretty! and you get really cute guys! -.-
I can't see the damn moon, too many trees outchea
Always keep a back up..
New policy on NJ Transit - quiet car. Thanks!
Thanks for the RT! Can't wait for the home tour!
some of these NBA psas r totally gay!
I don't remember which night really ha, I think it was one of the first nights I chilled with you at clints though!
That's one thing missing in our wonderful #Costcos-- a #kosher bakery!
& txting too, you played me too. But we aint gne get on tht subject
World's first Youtube veto by ?
Does it involve a word that starts with an O and ends with a prah?
I ran over 1 yesterday on the way to church. My wife held back tears so as to not clue in my son.
:) thank u god
When you go to #aeropostale with your daughter, don't give your email. You'll never get rid of the #spam, even after unsubscribing.
Another great post. Quibble: I'm pretty sure no one's ever said "libraries aren't representative, *so don't use libraries.*"
Garden in a Box Organic Gardening Kit - raised garden bed kit
Don't be afraid to grill outside and go for a nice evening stroll to enjoy this weather that we have been blessed with!
#Kimye is not good. Kim is classy and Kannye is a mess. Never a couple.
Thanks for saying "We must ensure the immigration and migration stories of all the people in the United States are preserved"
"Thinking, Fast and Slow" is blowing my mind, as it were. Super-approachable writing style eases you into subtle & sophisticated concepts.
It's 14 x 11, I think. I baked it for 20 min and top looked brown.
thanks for kind retweet- have a terrific day!
dude I had the same problem the other night...
Miss u too been way too long
I hate when good songs come on when I'm sitting at my desk.. I just want to belt out at the top of my lungs and dance around the office.
EYE-TUNES<3 hahah your so funny=)
HAPPY THANKSGIVING FROM THE LADIES BEHIND SPORTSALITY!!! LIVE, LUV, LAUGH O YEA & EAT ALOT
I say bright pastels for wear. Neon accent pieces work well.
You are quite wise, my friend.
Bands from place to place, lovin music ,Kanye is on his way !!!
praying for Grandad. We had no idea. Love you all! <U+E41D><U+E022>
dont talk to me no more :/
do u think Georgetown will play@ Memphis next year?
#gzchef Take it home!
hallucinatory ice cream? Reminds me of the movie Friday where Big Worm uses an ice cream truck as a front for drug dealing.
Since I'm such a social person we all have to put up with my bad mood yaaaaay!!!! Happy fucking Tuesday everyone
Personally thank you #Albany Supporters for putting forth the effort to show us some love.
First day on the job with
Awesome, there's going to be a full moon during the Duke City Shootout. Should look lovely on film...especially horror film <U+2665>
aye what do you do at skills and drills on Friday mornings
RT : My suicide note will read "could no longer talk about what we should do for dinner."
Thanks for putting us on your musicontheroad list!
long cat with dainty crossed paws!
This sushi restaurant has an item called the 'Double Double.'
#ThoughtsDuringSchool I need to get the hell out of here like
By COB?
aww, thanks :3 so are you!<U+2665>
Think Villanova should really try & start a power basketball conference Losing Louisville would be huge blow for BE basketball
Why did I wake up so early and why am I so wide awake?
Anyone in my area needing a roomie???
I wonder how everybody from.Wyatt is doing...its been 2 years already
When I get my stir fry back with pieces of food I know I didn't put in there -___-
I want fruit right now .
Damn girls are so fuckn complicated..
Sleepy like Lexi :-)
Ah me and my pappy use to sing that song....and this is the last place I have seen him!! #
Lots of discussion about and the big theaters' responsibility to diversity. Started at 3pm EDT, join in on the #newplay tag
I hope all of you educators are enjoying your winter break! I'm sure it's a much needed time to relax, recharge & reflect.
LOVE IT!! XO RT At the Australian tennis Open on Australia Day wearing my divine blue kelly dress!!
worked hard yesterday? Work harder 2Day!
thanks for the follow dude
are you going to the KCAS?
coming up next: a talk on the interaction of language and education policy in Haiti, by Albert Valdman. IMU State Room East, Sept. 8, 3pm.
Enough about making money! Make a difference...
How does bloated Lard Bag Limbaugh have the nerve to call anybody fat?
How many players are you sending to the MMSS on Oct. 8/9, 2011? Dedication, Desire and Determination are 3 main reasons to attend.
Homeworks done for the semester yay!
Hot hot hot hair trend - bangs bangs bangs!!!! Finally!
Not sure if this applies to your case at all, but noticed that Vancouver feels significantly more...stagnated than in the past.
Your just like Monday, no one likes you.
Living the life.
Thanks! We love the new lamps! Lighting is everything - besides essential library services! : )
is anyone giving up memes for Lent?
My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness. ~ Dalai Lama
Busy weekend ahead of me!
girl N.O. ATL or Slidell is not ready for you, I'm sending you to Hollywood<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5> lol
Looking back thru American Community Survey data to 2000 Census shows Information sector % of U.S. workforce down 3.1% ('00) to 2.3% ('09)
Surpise Skype with friends on the Attingham Summer School just otally made my day!
thx for the support... You like it I love it....
Following tonight's show of Next to Normal with my daily prozac. Good show though. Think I'm in love with John Debkowski.
My fave? is I think SCREAM. Well-paced, uncommonly erudite, and genuinely structurally clever.
no problem girl!(:
I'm already following you :)
never a problem! Glad I could help! EROCK
if you're not watching #AmericanHorrorStory, you're insane.
your two favorite things: Lupul and Columbus ice girls
This lady in front of me has a bottle of wine n frozen pizza. Offered to slit to her throat. She didnt laugh
I honestly don't know what is happening riight now
Thanks for the follow! The force is with me!!!
We will be at The Howlin Wolf in Mandeville this Sunday Nov 7 with a bunch of kickass bands! Early show!
your welcome!
im in a pissy ass mood...
wonderful! Just checking. Thank you!
At Esquire! Visit home complete.
Bono was right, it is a beautiful day. And how many years ago did he write that song? Talk about the worlds best weather man.
Ain't that the truth!
Oh gosh, whatever.<U+E405>
We all know that friends may come and they may go.
when there's not much a-roll or b-roll...go with the me-roll.
Kentucky won again? :)
Love is not blind - it sees more, not less. But because it sees more, it is willing to see less.
driving around listening to
I was always a Miranda Veracruz de la Jolla Cardinal fan on Married With Children
Won 100 bucks off a scratch-off...hoping this means good luck for tonight's mega millions drawing :)
#FirstEdition out in the yard w/ #LynnSnodgrass host of #GardenLiving - yes, we have rubber boots on! How to garden when its wet
Yea-confirmed-CBS/CNN-Michael Jackson Dead. Rest in Peace
So I know I'm not the only sore one!
He's in a no-win situation. For all he does good, folks always will point out what they think he didn't do. Sad but true.
My bus about to be late AF
Had an exciting day with Summit City Radio Group! Can't wait to get my hands dirty with their Promos and #SocialMedia!
“: Hold the fuck up RT : “: Glee is dumb <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>” they singing be getting on my nerves” Hey Ash <U+263A>
RT Any viewing parties for Gm 6 tonite?>How 'bout in Boston?That's where I'm watching w/ luck!
So glad to hear it! Come back and see us soon. RT - one of best Atlanta dining experiences I've had n very long time.
My sis and I are headed to Silver Dollar City, First time in 20 years!
If you haven't checked out the new shop in the Ferry Building, get on it! So delicious!
Help spread the word about us! Don't forget, August 25th is the release of our single "Time Is Of The Essence" for FREE via Facebook!
thanks so much! That really means the world to us. We re working hard on a new cd, can't wait for you to head it :) --
you should be fine. If not email me and I will help out.
I was dancing in the rain today and I couldn't stop thinking about how much I wish you were there with me..
Although the temperature is cooler in the fall fleas are still around. Remember to keep using flea prevention products!
OMFG HAHAHA I AM LAUGHING SO HARD IM GOING TO PE IN MAH PANTS
my dad is, by far, one of the most amazing guys I know. I'm so thankful to have him.
is this how u look
what I learned last night from last night.....most of you are lost and still #SLEEP .....wake up
Shout out to
Never let fear influence your actions
it's already saturday and i still have to read 91 pages.
The day I'll go on my knees for another girl... is the day I'll tie a shoe lace for our daughter
you are the mad scientist of food Pete... I'm trying that out this week.
The homeless guys on the corner near my house beg for money to buy booze, the ones on the corner near my work beg for money to buy meth
Presents in bed, brunch at the zoo and now a nap on the couch while dad does laundry. Happy Mothers Day to my lovely prego wife.
I've loved and I've lost
This day just keeps getting better and better.
GM to you too Rob! I was sick, but getting better! Thx for asking, how are you? RT : Gm Gale how are u
i like that feeling of doing something bad at school and getting away with it
Don't feel bad. I don't even know what klout is! LOL
RT : "Kindergarten Crop: How California's Governor Sewed the Seeds of a New Generation of Constituents"
Money saved is money earned folks :)
Welcome SURF's newest Resident !
Good luck, Julian! I'm sure you'll do fine! Show everyone what you do best <U+2665> Have fun :)
I-ching to know if placement of trigrams is meaningful or for no reason. Cool font in any case- less is more and all that.
Nicole (Shoes) at #731 - fantastic! Knowledgeable, candid, helpful, charming ...kudos to an outstanding #brand representative
My hair, right now, looks freaking amazing
"I don't have time" is rarely literally true. Usually we had an opportunity, but chose to do something else. Via Karen Halvorson
Latin presentation>>> hahaha
#comm_college virtual symposium is working now. phew.
finally some mo
- Whoa! Kenny Rogers at NGA is more believable than at Bonnaroo.
dunno :P
#GoodThingsInTheWorld Music! Share some with ur loved ones. Be unique & break boundaries.
Steve Jobs, my man. You will be greatly missed!
HE TELLS ME HE HAS NOTHIGN TO HIDE AND YET HE CHANGES HIS PASSWORD
- hope your day gets better.
I've always wondered how LSU has fans...now I really don't understand.
#sxsw Cincy person here, what's this #sxcincy I'm hearing about?
I gotta show tomorrow. :)
woo registered for school
Can't wait to go back to bed feel like complete shit! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
Really like that beautiful face
We're having Leap Day Sale today! Single tickets only $29! IN-PERSON sales get a free coupon
Dear Emcees...please don't use the phrase,"It's goin in!" That's reserved for porn. I believe the correct phrase is,"It's goin down..."
Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action
I believe in women's rights. That's why instead of calling the girlfriend my "Sugar", I call her my "Equal".
Im so lazy :(
i wish i had off tomorrow
That sequence typifies the way the puck's been bouncing in the 2012 NHL Western Conference Finals. A true pain in the butt for the Coyotes.
Happy 11.11.11 make a wish. Veteran's day #thankyou! "TAKE THE STAIRS!!!" eventful day :)
Oh, I definitely will. The entire college complex where I live is basically empty due to Spring Break, so I'm taking full advantage
im asking brooke if that works for her. Three brains is better than 2. But dont worry, we only need two for our happy marriage :)
I love that! BU has so many wonderful sites.
A suicide hotline would not be a great workplace for me. I once encouraged a drunk girl to jump out a window. She was beyond annoying.
wonder what the effect would have been in NC had Obama made this statement a couple of days ago...
It's very motivating to get your sac publicly smoked by a 5'5" female local high school pottery teacher (Special Forces CrossFit reaction)
hahahahaha! #bastard I still love you brother!
So the #quakes think they're hot stuff because they scored with a #penalty because that's a real goal.
My heart isnt into Twitter, got to much good stuff happening like moving into our high rise condo in 3 weeks Then my g/f & I going to Japan
Gaithersburg, MD, you only have one week to rearrange your busy schedules and make the Festival part of your plans!
back on the design table.. "winter hat" concept <3
Am I the only one who has no clue who Sarah Phillips is, and why everyone is tweeting about her?
If you'd asked me a year ago what I'd be doing today, I'd probably have no idea. But I wouldn't have said "writing a film treatment".
I wish I sould meet you and Please follow! Love you!
I love retweeting things on Twitter.......#RT :)
ERP Rejection Raises Questions About County&#39;s Commitment to ...
They can't.
Marco Valenzuela is a computer graphics artist that has been with Poised Creation from the beginning! Thanks!
With Easter right around the corner, it's time to start blowing out eggs to make
I like the sound of that :D I grew up near Cape Canaveral and always dreamed of working for NASA!
Gettin creeped out : O Its just a wow situation
let's make it a reality!
Now: Day of the Teacher Resolution being taken up (day after) on Sen Floor by Mr. Lowenthal, Chair of Sen Education Committee
Mr. Lang, my liver and wallet salute you.
I thought I had a very nice woman on my team but she wasnt .......
For the motion is bestselling author Malcolm Gladwell () & Friday Night Lights author Buzz Bissinger ()
when you play after the best band in Milwaukee, you get shit on
Happy Friday!! :) Next week is my last week of school hehe. how is everyone? Gonna do some FF's :) xx
you're perfect
Apr 8th Jamaican Gold Easter All WHITE Affair (FREE Til 11pm In All White) (1448 Gower St.Hollywood Ca 90028) Rsvp 919 JAM-GOLD
thank youu <U+2665> and this is
I think the five-back committee plus Todd Haley will mitigate that loss.
Woo Pig Sooie!!
Happy motHer's day
I bought some batteries, but they weren't included.
Oh my hair looks like candy ^.^
LOVE that song.
Real is the only way I know how to be.
what it do chevy girl?
RT did anyone else see on talking about the Bacon + Chocolat Gift Box is 1 of the best #VDAY gifts...
anticipating an awesome move of God this week in our Campmeeting services with Donnie Swaggart
Yes, of course<3
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated
i'm sure i've no idea who that is.
Nora was a straight up G killing with a smile
Your best thoughts come when alone
Global warming. 90 degress in May
This baby should be set for awhile in diapers-just got home from my diaper shower at work & I feel so blessed!
Completed lesson #1 #catcode . Good reminder, haven't used Javascript since 1998/9 for now defunct S&E @ UCSD patents tutorial
was it deleted mine got deleted as well
I hate getting a zit on the good side of my face.
After venting to him about my crappy day, he asks if he can do anything to cheer me up. #howsweet #sweetheart <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
So what is w/some of Housewives' moms? Kim's mom's face?! Just like that plastic nightmare of a mom face on the Miami housewives?
The job of a good "church soundguy" (either sex) is more than good sound. We serve those who lead the church before God.
Happy Friday Everyone. Hope you have a great weekend!
Just woke up... It's time to go to room to get back on the Grind
The final mix of 'Shivers' is done.the master will be ready by Monday. I am pleased and so is my producer!thanx Dev.
couldn't agree with you more mike. Also I listen to your show all the time, really great job.
that blew me...but anywho....
You're welcome :) xx
i woke up at 8 am, clean the whole house, did the laundry, and went for a run! is there something wrong with me 2day?...lol i never do that!
Bruce Holsinger works on Arabic/Asian manuscripts and says the real problem will be curation, not digitization
dont worry bout me haha RT u gonna be cakin in the club again tonight??
This scene in the Guild where Codex talks with puddng in her mouth grosses me the hell out. Ugh, Codex! Stop distracting me from noveling!
My friend Marit MacArthur's essay on flight in the new PMLA: "One World? The Poetics of Passenger Flight and the Perceptions of the Global"
Everyone please go follow he will #FollowBack 10
Listening to six brand-new, freshly-mastered LHW songs.
If kids come to educators and teachers from strong, healthy functioning families, it makes our job easier
I guess I had it coming...5 years with no illness, not even a cold, and now the week of grad school finals, it strikes!
u make vids
A Mother's work is never done from sun up till sundown :-)
Agree. RT : Military sponsoring Carrier Classic makes little sense. Event is on aircraft carrier, do story in military every 2 sec.
To all my niggz out there, u know what u have...
not sure yet, just being prepared
The airport can be so un accommodating!
... no military, yet he conquered the world. He committed no crime, yet they crucified Him. He was buried in a tomb, yet He lives today...
I agree. A lot of info in 2 1/2 hours. I need to smoke a bowl of weed out of a Potato & an Apple w/ a Tulip Ana
Today is definitely a jeans day.
Good week for my fantasy team. Had Bruce, Konerko and Price!
I would like to thank too for giving me the option to opt in to emails...grrr #jw Still want to learn from tomorrow
When I'm ignoring a phone call, the phone seems to ring far longer than usual.
here come the words
thank ya pretty lady! Still love that letter! <33
nothing worse than the rapid sexualization of young women. it's scary.
Hello, love. I'm well, thanks. Hope all's good in your world.
: Attorney: "This is an insult to this family. You hear a warning shot and then a fatal shot. This was murder"
'Battle: Los Angeles' isn't a particularly good movie, but it's got that 'Independence Day' vibe; decent story line abv avg acting
agree that's the position he is best suited for but not that he is a good point guard. What's his celling?
Yes please:) RT : is considering making a slideshow from this past year...
hello love! I will :)
Omg my mom is bbq some bomb ass food<333 unff
Lunch Time! Get a SoLo Pizza & Salad for our Daily Lunch Deal Price of Only $7.95!
thanks for following me man. Can you ask ppl to follow me plz
yes i am
Magic~ B.o.b & Rivers Cuomo (:
Haha, Hi... watching low speed chase on It's a Tow Truck! :P
Just watched The Thin Red Line. Feeling very depressed.
My graduation speech; "fuck you,you, and you. i hate you. Close your legs bitch. Your pretty cool. Fuck off. K bye. And fuck you."
It's time for Dodger Baseball!!!
Its really not even fair that pinterest has an entire wedding planning page
Jays' Lawrie suspended 4 games for ump altercation (The Associated Press)
RT: UNVERIFIED: Plain cloths police and Basij planning for staged street fights to be used as excuse to attack ppl #gr88 #iranelection RT!
#theakwardmoment when you phone goes off in class and your ringtone is "I'm sexy and I know it" :)
We don't like their kind round here
Bought my mom some fancy watch hah
I'm a citizen of the world lol
WTF and why does it take u so long to hang fk up.... ah i feel better now #physco :^) he learned something .... go to sleep tired ass
If you not single don't tell people you are
Wake you up in the middle of the night to say I will never walk again I'm never gonna leave this bed.
Needs 3 DOPE beat ideas to cover for "The HookLess Tape" any suggestions?
Biz Asia America is up in less than an hour--we'll have more on US/China talks, Bin Laden's docs and Holland's Pot Ban. #cctvamerica9pm EST
Now I've found the other half of my heart.
Four out of 5 18-24 year old Americans and over 40% of those 45 or older have visited a social media site this past week. You did too :)
Hey so on a productive note, apply for joint placement and the child support will be lifted.
. Ill prob be on a bit tomorrow
Drafting describes the process of drafting with a computer
I feel like I'm watching a reel of Milli Vanilli performances here at Violet rehearsal. Teching to pre-recorded tracks from our rehearsals??
The White Sox put up a statue of Harold Baines? I thought it was a joke.
Tip #85: Find a student that will ask you unlimited questions about how to play poker. This will challenge you to grow.
What's wrong, Zoe? xx
They'd probably end up in jail regardless.
yes I do lol.
hes healed he just way off tonight
Okay!! Yay :D let me know what you think.
A kiss can be a comma, a question mark or an exclamation point. That's basic spelling that every woman ought to know. ---Mistinguett
My wife, , a Mizzou alum, is a bracket genius. She said they have no chance. As is often the case, I should have listened to her.
A smile is a language everyone should learn how to speak.:) BBBeliebers? Are ya out there?Well if YOUU happen to be out there click FOLLOW<3
I did too ahahahaha!!!
Ha! I don't buy that! I've also used the library there a few times this semester & I get good vibes on campus.
"Catch your dreams."- Robert Griffin I
It's amazing how much you can give and never get.
It's 1964 all over again. Remember Pres Goldwater? Voters uninformed about Rick Santorum. Hope like hell he's not nominated!
The Annoying Moment when: Your phone gets shut off... again.
I worry less abou PIPA SOPA than the "compromise legislation" it's going to make ideological room for. Watch out.
Out and About on Route !
It's been a good week so far working out a lot as far as diet goes let's just say I got to eat !
#thesave - Hello America - as RJ said vote for the best VOICE!
that too yeah
I became an Arianator by choice, not because i had to. I don't regret making that choice at all.
Good morning twittheads
No, your a #bottom you don't get to eat corn!
Like half of Tony's villains, he's supposed to be Evil Tony, but this guy? He's The Dude. Until he gets his own suit
Rain? Wtf....only in L.A
This n that..here n there
thank you!
He's what you want...Im what you need.
- Agree! Love our 3 cats. Nothing like a purring kitty to calm your day!
Way to start the nght off...200 ppl already...abt to get crunk in here!
i feel like i need a crush or something to focus my energy on. maybe i should just go buy a new book instead. recommendations?
Why Geeks of All Colors Need the Black Tribbles
Niners can start wearing those NFC West champs hats any day now!
Is this featuring Kenny Fields the former Milwakee Bucks forward?
Where did the spring go?
2/25 The Upset Victory w/TheYugos, - All Ages -
Will the #Yankees make it? Asian Universities Half Marathon Relay to Kick Off in Tainan TAINAN, Taiwan--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The first Asian
I love looking at makeup before bed. lol
“: knock 'em dead! btw just sent you some mags with your quotes to the salon :)” yay!!!!!! Thanks a ton!
Congrats on booking your trip to WEHO !!! ...oh, and getting ENGAGED! :) Can't wait to see you!! xoxo
Thanks for your support. I remember your similar ordeal a while back :-(
Greenfield is ragedy as hell!
wish there was a "like" button. Yes. Yes. Along w/ Wu-Tang Wednesdays?
Hope you carried over your Pittsburgh bad blood with you from the "410"...good luck today #23. Ravens Nation is behind YOU.
Lindsay Lohan and Kim Kardashian were invited to the WHC dinner by Fox...how do u feel about that?
We tend to become like the people we hang around with. -Erica O'Grady
I put mirrors all around when someone caught people kissing last year... Really? Yuk! We moved shelves too
YAY! mmk well we'll meet up some point in June. :)
craigslist is sketchy as fuck
I'm happy with what I got. I live to love and laugh a lot
The lakers gettin' in that ass tonight
so do mine:/
How big an issue is bike theft in Portland? Are you a victim? What's your solution?
Correction: all tweets referencing our panel at the AWP Book Fair should say Thursday, March 1. Today!
Sweet... thank you :)
Happy Birthday Swag Bucks!
Saving this idea. RT OH: "She's going to the party as a sexy mime clown."
Chip Kelly on six recruits 6'6" or taller in this class: "we open this fall against Ark St, then we play the Miami Heat"...
Sometimes I'm too aggressive but it pays off ;)
And I wanna say thank you incase I don't thank you enough
Know lots about doing some good in Oklahoma? We're looking for help sharing volunteer opps in our "Do Some Good" category. Get in touch!
Hey I heard you were a wild one
at the same damn time
RT : We must be free not because we claim freedom, but because we practice it. ~William Faulkner
Just gotta stay positive.
This November will be first time voting <3
Ha ha! I think we forget the presenter is more important than the visual aid. Still.
Damn girl i'll lick to muffin anyday of the week
Come on iPad battery... You can make it for 10 more minutes!
Gonna try to get some more stuff up in my Etsy shop today and tomorrow...
fuck yeah! Let's hope London is as generous with free wifi as Dublin was. So far so good
ultimate tip… content is king!
"A tag was placed on his collar, bearing this inscription: 'I am Owney, the postal clerks' dog. Whose dog are you?'"
Cleanup tool and Follow Tool.... I Clean up every few days.
what's going on sir
I can't help but feel the way I feel for you
#ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf American idol. It's so overrated.
ugh so bored :P cant wait to go home!
To avoid "social marketing fatigue", particularly in recruiting, I suggest managing talent communities for a more targeted response. Agree?
I am definitely going to take a course on time management... just as soon as I can work it into my schedule. -Louis E. Boone
you know it, no biggie!
Great monologues how greed in America = poison. All said in a grandmotherly tone to me. Amazing old woman on the bus a couple minutes ago.
I know the will come out fighting tonight, but will a win tonight only delay the inevitable?
great audition today for "Miracle Man" with Boston Casting
(cont) that guy Julian Michaels from the biggest loser wearing bacon colonge, monster sweat....u know that thing were really freakishly...
If fake was an Olympic sport. You would win gold.
Thx for following me! Lakers for life
amen!! I'm so tired my friend ugh .... Will I make it? Hahaha
hey just saw your tweet. Hit me with a DM & I will get you info...
So, do people tell pornstars to "break a dick/vag?"
Who saw that coming? Admit it, everybody knew this was going to happen.
I love when I sound smart <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
I think everyone should Follow Wellington!! They are awesome :)
lol. Well, I have lost weight recently...
RT : How can you tell when a airline pilot has been in your fridge? Carbon footprints in the butter
One more period of the day... Come on Robbie, you can do this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
It is a strange sight when you see someone texting and mouthing out the words.
free tug and I'm on the first flight!
Bro their gonna wish they never started this
Mosquito bite remedy: baking soda paste
hoow do you find you unfollows you?
Who's your haddadi?
hahah you know. Dude some girl like cut her toe off in diesel.
I saw a guy today with a really long head. He reminded me of the Slim Jim guy...if only the Slim Jim guy's hair was just more head
To all the Mothers [sorry sisters, wives & friends], I want to offer my love & respect to the end. -- MCA [edited][badly]
cool. Thanks! Next question. I see u r a foodie. Any good MKE hands-on cooking classes u recommend?
But there's no sense in promoting a project that your readers can't purchase yet!
I was just sad cuz that's the only friends u have
thanks for the share. Today's is a bit of a companion piece to that one and I blame for both. :)
yup, it's a symbolic move against SCAF.
OPPORTUNITIES DONT TALK TO ME IF I CAN TALK BACK YEAH I TALK TO YOU
Ha. When food, health, and capitalism come together, something bad is bound to happen.
"When are we going to stop declaring war on things and start declaring solutions?" Brie Loskota
You know you miss the SBIC :)
No?! Guys,i go to Paris ! Tonight ! My parents make me a surprise ! No?! Guys,i go to Paris ! Tonight ! My parents make me a surprise !
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it.
"It's not a matter of whether or not someone's watching over you. It's just a question of their intentions." Ha! Look out! Voodoo
if ur planning on playing mw2 sometime today, I wouldnt recommend it. just a friendly heads up.
Shawty scream Loud , Shawty gone moan ' Call that music to my ears Head phoonneess <U+266A> -Royalty.
Great win Brew Crew!!! 16 over .500...Yes!!!
nice photo! Hope you enjoyed your cocktails.
Just back from Orlando, where i ran the Disneyworld half marathon. The LA Marathon this weekend!
You must decide what matters most in a day.
So corny lol
bahahahaha I know what u mean girl
maybe if i threw a lamp at you you'd lighten up.
What is it called when your tweets show up on your facebook? Facetweet or tweetface.
Chapter 2012 Page 52 of 366 Tell me something I don't already know...post on any topic...I want to learn something NEW today!
thanks for your support!
I'm glad me and seen the real in each other a few years ago and connected our networks. Thanks bro for the support
"A felon who wants to be a locksmith, what could possibly go wrong there?"
What are your plans for the holidays?
Fermat's last theorem easily fits in a tweet. Maybe retire that example (tho point adequately made).
Today is one of those days that makes Chicago shine. (It's in the 50s!)
Good to see MKE County communities considering consolidating fire depts. Regional public safety services are more efficient, and save $
Is following : Thanks Hector :))
Thanks for THE #FF!
#YouCuteAndAllBut if you're personality sucks, we aren't going anywhere.
too early && my day already fucked up!
i need a new phone case.
Flaming Lips using iPads in concert. I thought those were consumption devices.
hahaha...and how did you end up being bro and siz from sex?
thoughts on James Toney?
Madonna great performance
#WPA11 vegetarian version of lunch: potatoes and veggies and rolls. Yay, carb loading!
my girl Denny Huey and her Hueys Chewys in Brooklyn doing big thangs.
yeah I was joking with ya, forgive me plz
happy birthday mine is tomorrow :p <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Woah that was deep, 2 minutes later it made sense I think
#halloween is over..
Ugh....waiting for an answer is the worst
Started a new book during my long layover: Divergent by Veronica Roth. So far, so good. I'm sure fans of #TheHungerGames would enjoy it!
All George Zimmerman has to say is "I wanted to say I am sorry for the loss of your son"?!? No remorse.
Thanks to & for the follows, enjoy your day.
"Bless That Which You Want!!"-Huna Philosophy
Lock step with GovWalker It wasn't his primary. It was about his numbers<<<< #wiunion #Wisconsin will
Watching Transformers 3
Thanks for sharing! It's now my new favorite as well!
hey we're talking about cameron, who's stupid here?
"#notfornothin but I told that fag vegan Pat on the buzz to go eat some beef <insert every stupid sounding laugh ever>"
awesome!!! totally worth it being awake!!!!
So has anyone else watching the the play offs!?
1cup Greek yogurt, 1 banana, handful of walnuts, 1 packet of sugar or sugar substitute = delicious breakfast.
Natural causes or did Thomas Kinkade see this Instagram buy by Facebook coming?
wa good on ur end cuzo?
When makes the whole class sing to me <<
"come and get it, at Burger King" Uh, what?
oh yes you just did!
glad I read the book first. They couldn't explain everything in depth in the movie. I RTed an article I agree with from EW.
hey - i totally had some breakfast. They always serve us great! glad you were able to tune in. love ya!!
Pleasantly surprised by vote results in Mississippi and Ohio. Some of my assumptions about larger culture may be off the mark.
& you've gone retarded to quote bring it on! Lol
ughh i hate having subs that all they do is talk and talk and follow every little rule
Nice to tweet again! Tech difficult during game - proud of Mavs effort especially in the 4th quarter. Roddy & Vince C impressed!
Why the fuck is my mom pissed at the world? Go annoy some other family with your bad mood
I'm so so so ready for school to be out right now
Drunk high with
My dad neglected to inform me that the back of his closet is like a mini nhl store.
Thank you for coming!
Just made it here at the Ryman with 8-)
Oh yes....the good old days of drunken debauchery!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks. Reviewing the footage makes me want to be in South Africa right now. It's so amazing there!!
Horrible customer service for months from Go to !
I ate sauce today, and I didnt try to scrape it off. This is a big deal.
Members only.
Made way too many yummy vegan banana muffins. Want some?
Great conversation with today. I am constantly invigorated by folks that want to do good work!
Damn I done washed and packed for no damn reason smh
no. I'm mad. Hell hath no fury. Have to wait for the fury to subside.
#MiamiDolphins receiver Marlon Moore talks about his off-season routine and more with
- so, what interests you the most about neuroplasticity? This is a matter of curiosity on my part.
A talk show would require an overnight stay though.
A bunch of BS from guys that can't carry even one strap of your jock. As a Bucks fan, they make me want to puke. Get well
So now that we are all earth quake survivors what's next??
phone stay ringin though
lol hey hooka...you finally bak on lol sorry i cnt go with you tonight!
You don't get it. -_- I'm naked. LOL.
But the filter will just be a little dirty and I won't really know if its dirty enough to need changing or if it's a scam
An apple wakes you up better than coffee. If I drink hot cider, is that an acceptable compromise?
only four more papers until the end of my term. Hooray!!
lol will go bug an usa footy nut maybe somehow I can
- you've given me fodder for my class since we just talked about how shady the Comcast/NBC merger is. Thanks!
Feels like forever for the weekend! Good morning! Have a nice day!
Still I am wondering if that study RE AMI after TIA will be repeated again nowadays will yield new data?
like the way u think Yankee.. haha
The rain is coming to wash all the filth from the Florida streets, but the sun will dry the pavement too soon.
I really really miss lacrosse
RT "Five differnt lawyers Lord knows I'm Stressed"
Thanks for such an encouraging conversation this morning, . I knew I picked the right major.
I can't believe I've lived 38+ years without being inside a Forever21. My life is now complete. Halp!
I need some new haters. The old ones are starting to like me too much
I can still see you in the end zone after the pick and the TD in SB XLV, Forever a Champion!! You will be greatly missed!!!!
Now I just feel stupid.
loved the show tonight! Hope you return to NOLA soon!!
Does college pay? They do if you are a good open-field runner.
Nothin like watching SAC FD roll up and a FIre Fighter hop out on his phone texting
Tickets to Évocateur: The Morton Downey Jr. Movie are now available to the pablum puking general public!
waking up & chillen to some #Sublime <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
I think I get my RDA of political nonsense from a half-hour of fast forward commercials during Jeopardy.
haha ima drink until I dance with a leprechaun :)
#DontEver trust nobody if u have to question em
Looking for love in all the wrong places.
#ABC just announced that Sarah J. Phillips will be a contestant on Dancing with the Stars.
You can never know it all. So dont act like it
No problem about following (: And thanks for looking at my work! I'm glad you like my little bowl!
I want to bike riding
yes! I hope I'm lucky enough to get el bulli tix. When I hear something I'll let you know!
Touring UMSL sponsored charter schools with their Dean of the College of Education.
For a drafty exterior door, consider replacing the weather stripping before you replace the door itself
Fidel's tonight!
Successful first day of #USCJ462 [correct hashtag now... first tweet was wrong!]
Today's gym music was, We are the night by Chemical Brothers, hmm I need some new music...
I need to get on that, don't I? Looking forward to learning firefly and making it a part of the #supadupaness!
What's the most memorable goodie bag postcard you've ever gotten?
Cole Hamels drills Bryce Harper in the back on the first pitch. Stay classy
Being wide awake at 1 AM and having to wake up at 7 AM<
Hey Jim, if ya ever want to book a fun country act, please give us a look...thanks, by they way we watch conan every night.
~Mother TeresaSeeking happiness, I passed many travelers headed in the opposite direction, seeking happiness .
Always know how to make an entrance. We love you.
Make a trip dog
He can speak French in Russian.
Repubs & Democrats agree on indefinite detention but not jobs. Law and Order have kidnapped Liberty and Justice to an undisclosed location.
One of my guilty pleasures -- skipping a brown bag lunch for Sascha's curried chicken salad and a HUGE cookie.
How many tweets does it take to be the center of a nude photo scandal?
Are you registered to vote? The last day to register before the April 17 school board elections is March 27th. OCCUPY THE VOTE!
I have some of the sweetest& most amazing people in my life. Thank you to all the people at my school & my family who made today special:)
What's up bitches?!
And I'm pretty old fashioned ...
Chilling wit my wife finna hit tha sack in a min
I don't know, but it makes me happy!
#Momtoldme countless words of inspiration, encouragement& support. Her guidance& her prayers made me! Nothing like mamas love!
u gotta just chillax
Our private dining room is booking up fast for May! Email: to book your next event!
saw you on the news today! extremely crisp sir
The awkward moment when you’re late for class, and when you walk in, everyone stares at you like you've just killed someone.
Glad I'm not watching... I'm stressed just looking at the tweets!
my mom didn't get her first pair of jeans until she was 41! And she always used to clean the house in a blouse, skirt & heels.
Thanks for giving us a try! Happy Friday :)
RT : Last week of class. EMAC students have been working hard. The net is sweating.
You know what would be great? If I could stop believing that all men are assholes.
That 5 second dance party you have when someone texts you when your ringtone's We Owned The Night...#LadyAerProblems :))
You are getting very sleepy.... oh wait, that's me
Commit to excellence and success will follow. Your only competition is you.
"off" is the general direction in which I would like you to fuck. :)
Yo Mamas teeth are so yellowI can't believe it's not butter.
'Don't point out other people's flaws because youre not perfect you have to look in the mirror before you can look out the window'#Real Talk
I'm not being a smart ass I'm just being smart.
This saturday boutta be crazy haha this shit is insane! be there!
Follow for more information and a chance to win free tea!
we've got a beer waiting for you at Caffs!
RT shouldn't fear a world that is more interacted
Looks like rain tonight
Saying that black on black crime epidemic isnt real cause blacks get arrested more than whites won't reduce black on black crime.
When Jennifer Shea visits your office she brings you This is a trend I hope to continue.
Im so sad my moobear is gone, I think im gonna go break her out of puppy jail
Ok, today was a good day. tennis, church, movies. can ask for more fun.
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
like she said thanks
I love my girlfriend <3
Scotty McCreery's Hometown Enjoys Spotlight
making that bread legally
hey it ltsbiebersarmy i changed my name :D
happy birthday to the best sister ever! happy birthday, Haze!
"I dont even know what I'm doing this fall"- I shoulda known when he brought up fall that he WAS touring with Carrie, haha!
um bro can you send me a shirt..please..
“: and me. Never forget Candace!!:) lol.”
You're right, not many can ;-) RT : yo I really played ferris bueller!! Not many people can do that
Are you dog-friendly? My dog is very bar-friendly.
Listening to 's Deb Bauer talked about Dell's social good programs. RMHC is thrilled to be a recipient! #BBrunch12 cc
aw I would like that too
Crazy but that's how it goes
withh jenna, watta slut. text the cell.(:
Great question I wanna know tooRT What does it mean when u dream abt someone?
As far as I can tell, #touch is a show where a confused tries to make people stop and talk to him.
Angels live to fight another day...
How can people be upset about Dalglish? He destroyed Toon and now Liverpool. Wasted over 100m on Carroll, Downing, Henderson, Adam etc.
They say breaking up is hard to do. I say WAKING up is hard to do! I'm exhausted.
thanks for the follow - looking forward to your updates.
And the sun will set for you the sun will set for you the shadow of the day will embrace the world in grey and the sun will set for you
I stick my dick in her mouth. I guess that's fuck what she says.
by this time 2morrow we will be celebrating openingday and hopefully a #milwaukeebrewers win
Sometimes you need to stop thinking and let your heart lead the way.
Just got the coolest gadget ever.
Happy Friday PLN! #FF amazing educator building her PLN!
Why is some creepy steelers fan stalking me on twitter? Apparently, insulting a complete stranger is a good time. Oy.
Thanks for the follow! We finally lured you in so now we can change our name to The Smith of Higher Ed.
nice voice sweetheart we should work together.
Great first day at #thatcamp. Feeling tired.
Singing & Blasting #Boyfriend in the car... by myself. HA!
I'll check my schedule, but I think that's good!
I had a dream that what 15 years old again and he was dancing to look at me now with me. Lol wtff
I was watching a poker blog and they were giving you props on your poker skills. The game of poker needs players like you!
<U+200E>Your time is limited. So don't waste it living someone else's life. -Steve Jobs
looking forward to meeting some of that crew next week at #SMCMKE :)
RT : Just ran 11 miles. I'm going to spend the rest of the day laying on the couch with my feet in a bucket of ice
We can't stop here, this is
nope. It's not that bad of an idea considering PHI rush def
CONTEST: Tweet us a pic w/ the hashtag #BkSq expressing how Life is Sweeter in the Square & enter to win $50/Anthro & $50/Free People!
No problem! You guys make life so much easier for PR students at my university.
Officially done with classes for junior year :) 'tis bittersweet
$49.95 (NHL and NBA are each just $49.95 this year)... NHL picks have generated +$428 for normal $50 player.
great ridiculous movie
Ask your pendulum if some or many or any ET's are living on Earth?
#bmorefail having a money-losing car race. And then doing it again, repeating the same mistakes.
Watching Mamma Mia in saturday school...
My beads?!
Discussed training of future business leaders with Dean Martin Preizler, Edgewood College. Impressed with his knowledge and experience!
<333 i love you!
hell yea
What's your favorite wine and food so far?
hiya :) welcome to the family
my mom is pissed that my friends are adding her on fb and posting every 2 minutes. I told her yeah, they're annoying.
I contemplating what I should eat to night
why would you go gluten free??
Party tomorrow Club Superior on Beale!!
Rick Siskey is working overtime today.
"Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success."
Who's up for a road trip to Chicago? :) MT : Fried Chicken & Bottomless Bubbly goes all night! Who's in?
Hi Callie, thanks for the follow! What is your novel about?
heard you doin broke back mountain 3: forever edition lol.
lmao you right you shouldn't have
RT : I'm no theologian, but I'm pretty sure heaven is living in Manhattan without ever having to worry about money.
RT Sometimes we can work our whole life to reach a goal and realize it's not what u thought it would be
Just bought an iPad 3. Fear that once my kiddos discover it, our house will suddenly resemble #HungerGames. Papa needs a hiding place!
Party Rock Into The Huzz Toniteee..
Hopfully i get my laptop back today!
haha love the emoticons
May 11th is the premiere of Tim Burton's Dark Shadows OMG SO EXCITED.
I expect a warm, fuzzy, group hug the next time I see you both!
Oh, cousins are interesting! Lots of potential there
Smh at these white tee rappers Lmfao only thing 3d bout u is that dirty ass wrinkle
On February 15th we will announce our One Book, One Michiana selection...stay tuned!
Folly of good faith :: Been reading aloud to myself and now my throat hurts.
stop givin head mama;)
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to the connection!
We are currently barreling toward the end of the week, Happy Friday everyone!
YERT: Your Environmental Road Trip, will be screening at the Heinz History Center, Sunday January 29th! RSVP
it was great hearing you speak about tonight! Thank you for speaking!
true that..sorry homie
I've got 's new record on pre-order, picking it up tomorrow at -- can't wait to hear it.
#thistweetisdedicated2 all my wonderful followers!!! XOXO
A song will outlive all sermons in the memory.
Thank you for the RT and support!
Thanks for the follow.
Check out Krugman's brilliant piece on the evil org. Called ALEC today's NY Times
O we have a new Twitter background. It's about as hardcore as you can get for Twitter.
yea it was ! And it will never happen again ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>
I've seen too many patient die - really! - from lack of health insurance. The ACA is a good first step.
ps. You have to follow that guy. Not the real yu but so funny!!
Hey how goes it? I hope all is well ;) much <3 from Tiffy!
Orchard Lounge coming Thursday from Chicago for ! This is gonna be good!
nice! the bill is pretty sick in general.
ur 100% right..I jus feel its a lot of people who really don't understand what's goin on..they jus hear the media and hop on
Rockford got a little sunburn on his nose yesterday while playing in the yard. We have to be very careful with his pink nose and skin.
man just counting blessings kid, off the scene! You?
I wanna stain your lips with my lipstick<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Summertime is almost here! What are all of you doing this summer?
that's right
we need the first woman , woman president and vice president
Well I guess you could say I'm ryding wit a snake, cuz I got a python in my back seat.
I'm afraid we already know the answer to that one.
me , tell BA that Kemp hit another dinger tonight, now has 12
I know some Tool but I promise I'll listen to Thrice,ok?
A bit long, but probably necessary to establish place, standing for days ahead.
"My life is only important if me can help plenty people." - Bob. Watching the new Marley movie. Incredible.
YAY! I'm so excited! My chubby baby boy needs some professional photos.
aw Dyanna don't cry... You are soo good at a lot of things <33 ! Love you
Looking for a local farmer or two to take spent grain after brewing.
Emotional day
A UK scientist on #NPR...slowly talking about his...pancreas DNA...being of African descent. Sorry, science buffs. Losing...consciousness...
Everyday, I listen to straight up from when I wake up to when I get home from school (y)
but this is the real world :)
Now I need to buy some headphones... D:
TONY SHOULD'VE WON. what even.
can't wait till Wednesday........ Imy
Even if #Paul didn't write the racist and homophobic content of his newsletters, they had his name on them.
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
boiling in my car as I wait for christine to do a girl's makeup for prom
#smh at this too
Not that its his fault but who's the last manager to survive back-2-back- 95+ loss seasons? Curious.
thank u !
There is nothing more suspenseful than the moment right before you walk through a metal detector.
Barbara Rosenblat is reading an unpublished chapter of Elizabeth Peters' newest book. Must get ALL her audiobooks ASAP!
Good stuff...keep being great! The Masters are screaming for you from the other coast!
You're black and you burn fried chicken. Shame on you. lol
not much You!
next time I'm down there swimming. :)
just saw a band described as writing "queer slow jams"...OK. That is a brilliant idea, and I want in. New summer project!
Hey.....wats up
screamin out that famous people are by u at a store come on now
i hope so
"5 types of innov.: product, process, revenue gen, biz model, industry. Sustainability drives all."
Great win over a very good and well coached Santa Clara team. Extremely proud of our team. Lucky to be a part of this all.
met a dramaturge today
I'd give it a try.
what's up Shane!) How's It... What you got go'in on in the Boxing world?
haha not the worst I've seen.
#PrettyLittleLiars in 20 minutes.... Can't wait!!!
I close my eyes, and all I see is you. Can't someone new get to know me.
3.5 miles today. I love running outside.
You're breaking my heart!
Its a good look for you. ;)
: I was talking a/b your #cropdusting,.... Jill only pretends to know you...
follow my new account !
When you live your life with an appreciation of coincidences and their meanings, you connect with the underlying field of infinite...
They staple a wire to the bird's head and then pull on it hard. Duh.
these refs are doin everything to beat the pack
Thanks you :)
sweet 1D dreams
The Community Cleanup and Greening Act (SB 511) has been introduced in the MD Senate! Thanks to our 10 sponsors, incl !
you know I just be like one more drink even when I'm done smfh
Matas mansion is real!
my mother in law just got married to a man who has the same last name...
Ok, Molly. Let's start this party.
21 jump street new favorite movie! Hahaha
that would look cool
LMFAO got their name after reading your last tweet. Time and place?
Gn twitter need muh BEAUTY sleep
I send love to all the world ´cause my idol learn me to do it.
Sunday Funday! Come join us for all the #NBA action. #KnicksvsHeat & #CelticsvsHawks. Can the #Knicks stay alive?!?
Thanks for following, made our day!
friends, is amazing...
sweeping the Canucks would require a miracle... let's see what happens dudes! ;-)
i might get an hour when i get home from work.
I think should follow me back cause he's boss, and likes sippin' on orphan tears. :D
AP Stylebook: If "unspeakable crime" is mentioned in any part of a story, you don't need to name Voldemort as a suspect. It's assumed.
Enjoying some solitude and some much needed time to work, while Act II of Marriage of Figaro is playing in the background.
An old lady just rapped on Americas got talent...OMG IM DYING!!!! LOL
The crew is home safe from Nicaragua! First a good rest to transition back, then more updates from the trip to come!
Tweens and teens take over First Ave. Hear from at 9:45.
Okay , Well Then Just Give It To Me Right Now Then ..
how come it is so hard to become a source for DuPont? I have filled out applications and called in and never got a response?
I agree, love the new avi, you look so young and hot! Too bad you're not into older men. #insidejoke lol
Clarification via SGA: was not brought to the board meeting by force. The covert means were a safety measure.
I'm waiting for the question mark... The one that comes at the end of your useless rambling.
This room smells like the dentist office
DailyHookahTips#89: Keeping your #shisha in the fridge it will loose its #flavor very quickly.
Was just reminded how terrible I would be if I had to manage multiple social media accounts as part of my job.
Our goal is to provide hope for the hopeless and help for the helpless.
Pulling out
I'm done(: adiosssssssss
Sounds like someones losing tenure...
i miss your face...
Well said!
I'm obsessed and so glad you decided to join me
We also poison Oak trees in Auburn
RT : RT : Q6: HAS ANYONE SAVED YOUR TRIP? WHO AND WHAT HAPPENED?
Anyone have "self-deportation" on a #debatebingo card?
Prob like 10-15 diff sets RT : how many movies u been in? I saw u in 1 movie in a classroom, but dnt remember the name
When it comes to finals, I'm a a productive alcoholic. Being sober makes me procrastinate more... oops?
Who's ready to party
Lebrick scores 37 against a shorthanded tanking Nets, and also is a -4. Wowww this guy is great!
Hey there! Which streets are the boundaries of North Winton Village? We'd like to be able to properly define it.
Had a great day with friends, family and loved ones....ready for bed now! Night Night! XO
7 tweets, all from different "users", all with the same "wedding jitters" tweet. Go kill yourself, Fucktard!
BLARG: 3 machines outputting 5+ films each to h.264 for review. estimated finish time: 7 hours.
That was a great week. Just bragging.
I'm having a panic attack D:
Helpful tidbit! Thanks Ken!
Joe Paterno would make a great Catholic Bishop.
Writing about baldness while scratching my head, only to discover more baldness.
WHY WOULD YOU WANT A MEAN ONE STUPID!
Been in a mood all day
Green Thumbs Raise Long Green - Woog&#39;s Web ... - Connecticut News
Re: Dogs Book of Romance I'm sending you a copy for X-mas!!
Finally going to sleep
We agree! :-) RT “: Up early to go mentor for Great way to start the day!”
no tomorrow. The thing is I'm going out now. So I would get to your house late -.-
RT : Can lesbians get married in NJ yet? By the way I think it's ridiculous that people are voting on this subject! - TOTALLY AGREE
KILLER THURSDAY TONIGHT!!!- April 19) - CHECK IT OUT!
so that's is my neww one I would give u the link but I'm not on the comright now and yah but I don't hav any videos yet but i
The Other Network pilots: Tonight 10:30 at PushPush, Bob Odenkirk's NEXT. And Steven Carell's HUD. Love it. Come out. Bar's open.
Oh thanks for all the wing dings. I love the Etsy ones best, and mere pennies.
Welcome. Feeling strong, stronger every day. Settled into a box after the move finally. Feel great. Thank you.
Freddie might hold this down!
WOW RT : BREAKING: Josh Hamilton hits 3rd homer of night in 7th inning vs O's to take sole possession of lead with 13 on the year.
Can we put last night's Hoch back in?
Cal State Univ. officials plan to freeze enrollment next spring at most campuses and to wait-list all applicants the following fall
Noo. Don't started the trend #PrayForMattHunter, instead, try to trend #GoodLuckMattHunter. :)
It's a beautiful night out tonight--just perfect for 1/2 price martinis on the deck at the Scholars Inn! Hope to see you there.
no but by answering my divorce post you insinuated you want to know me cos im divorced.
oh no, it's Danny A. the bassist. Forrest is right next to me though! he says hi
Just left the Evo and know back to the IPhone
People correspond while giving birth or writing celebrity dreck for a free daily?
the water part is right but not a Teflon pan
Not calling you out. Just teasing Yeah, is the one to beat in this challenge.
I did that to like 10 people! Lol! They always do that shit, like wtf am I gone be honest about?
Well look who it is...
well damn.. I bet that chick talkin bout bananas got u wanting one hahhaa
slightly stoopid was good
Quick, everyone hop on the saints bandwagon! #whodatnation... Shout out to , a homegrown member of the #whodatnation!
Even though we can't agree on the upset thing, I did enjoy your show. Will tune in tomorrow.
with three massive losses in the senate. How did that Newt endorsement work out? Please. She is just a celebrity trying to make a buck.
Awesome weekend with my ERJ & CGO family!! Goodnight and be blessed Twitter fans! =)
Congrats! Amazing!
“This is our time to get back into Avenged Sevenfold, and I’m sure by next summer it’ll all be going again,” he explains.
12 hours of sleep yesterday was huge for the power meter.
#20ThingsAboutMe I love music ^.^
I kinda miss
HAPPY BIRTHDAY I hope its great!!!
That was rather disappointing. Expected some scoring out of that game.
Are you considering cosmetic surgery? Let Lexington Plastic Surgeons handle all of your procedures OR questions! 888-LEX-DOCS
After bagging my groceries, the checkout clerk at sarcastically said, "Thanks for all your help." WTF? Thx for doing your job!
Better to lose count while naming your blessings than to lose your blessings to counting your troubles.
Amazing TV on tonight. Finales of #dexter and
you dnt play the game to win.... U play the game to inspire!:)
This game is a simultaneous mixture of insanity and stupidity
awesome... A "W" is a "W" bro... Great job. Sorry I couldn't make it.
I am thinking of starting a separate Twitter handle to share all the awful OKCupid messages I receive.
in a good or bad way??
What's with this campaign rhetoric of "war on women"? Only war I see being waged on women in the US is high taxes!
#GWAS or spoon with Rick Ross
Idk how the #Clippers did it but damn came back from down 27..
They make me laugh! Penguins with top hats and you a syrup. The mental pictures were amusing. Freak.
Me at home on a Saturday night.
Is he a comedy peddler?
Girls Girls Girls >>>>>>>
HELL NO WE HAVE TO MAKE SURE THE ICONIC BOYZ DONT DELETE THERE TWITTERS !! PLEASE HELP TREND !!#DontDeleteICONicBoyzAccounts !
I just pulled her CV, my reading list just doubled - but I'm excited! :-)
#FlyMeToLondon so I can see and finally go to hogwarts x
im tired of reaching out to u, searching for ur attention, screaming out loud for u to hear me..i want u to want me & i need u to need me
Agree. He also took another life. RT : Friends don't let jackasses drink and drive.
#NACUA tip to avoid retaliation complaints: remind your faculty and managers that at all times, they speak as agents of the university.
It's not your fault. It's not your fault. You can't control people. Great promo anyway!
I'm telling you, this is the FIRST purchase I've made in since I was old enough to know better! lolz.
for me it's an absurdly high number before permanence -- like, 10!
This one time at band camp.
A new morning after pill now works five full days after sex. Soon you can take a pill to kill your kid in his dorm room.
Kit Fisto dies like a bitch. But Mace Windu kicks Palpatines butt.
I kinda do wanna go to college.. my heart is really torn in two.
beef chile verde, heretical and delicious
Hows Your Day Going ?(:
That's exactly what we're trying to help people do. Would love for your feedback on what we're doing.
woke2 #swaggerjagger on radio, correlation between this single being released and the #londonriots maybe too much of a coincidence, aarrrghh
is ready for Barboza!
Trip of a lifetime, WC 2010 with and , now we just need to complete the reunion. SA here we come.
#lifestinks when your out of dank...
I love me some Twitter!
will watch till I have to work!
Don't be that guy!
I need to SHOP!!
Eddie Van Halen plays the guitar solo in the middle of "Beat It" by Michael Jackson
Bet it would taste awful anyway.
give me a holler! left u a message, Cynthia. (love the moma cow on your site!) -k
hey I'm impressed you knew who sang it. How did you know that?
TABLE+4 CHAIRS $ 295- FREE DELIVERY IN HOME HUGE FURNITURE SALE UP TO 65% OFF www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. – Aristotle
is there any good batch mp3 taggers out there for OSX that are free? i cant find any at all...
my experience at the mall was absolutely horrible..
Great you're here RT : Grey day in Switzerland. Wonder what today will bring? Staying with the lovely and
Are you @ Festa? and you expected better?
I really hope this Dan Patrick breaking news is true. Potentially precedent setting, not to mention what it means for the
good day good day...and just a side note i'm not racist!!! just ask my main man he'll tell ya the same
AMEN! Skinny Margs all night! RT : it's #NationalMargaritaDay perfect day to try
That guy in your office with the really monotone voice
omg, I cant believe #OneDirectionBrokeUp so so sad :'(
I'm asking EVERY time now!
Ok then, I won't open the door. :P
quote of the night..much respect to you, been a fan for 12 years
Except, Chanyeol is not allowed to become your ultimate bias. Or bias. Niether is Kris. Or Tao. Or Kai. Yeah. No.
ONLY ELEVEN MORE MEMBERS AND I WILL HAVE 1800 DIRECTS YOU GUYS ARE ON A ROLL!
When guys deal with a heart they didnt break and wait for it to heal...<3
1 day of FAVOR is better than 1,000 days of LABOR, A career is what you are paid for but a calling is what you are made for!
Wonder how long the Bills can keep their run going ?
saved the coffee machine! Hooray for Chi! =)
That's right bitch! I'm talking bout YOU!
sorry for the lack of post on my wordpress. been busy working at the set shop.. the job that pays the bills :)
No problem
Long Weekend = Alot Of Beats
Good morning! Today is #NationalTrainDay at and I'm excited. Model railroads are being set up now!
Next Friday will be at the Jacksonville Landing for the 99.9 Gator Country FREE Spring Concert Series!
you should text me!
i like squirrels...they therefore move up in the food chain
lol I can't help it.
got range from downtown
RT : Excited for our h.Bytes session w/ Google. Thx for the help! Maybe you can Hangout w/ us
Listening to - great overview of looming marketing & privacy regulations driving multichannel marketing challenges.
RT : A little faith will bring your soul to heaven, but a lot of faith will bring heaven to your soul. ~ Martin Luther King
Jenni Jenkins Celebration Class #sunday 1/29/2012 tickets benefiting , attend or support.
aw so sweet
TANGER AT #WESTGATE DEAL CLOSES. GROUP OF LENDERS INCLUDING ISTAR CONVEYS 36AC IN RELATED SALE.
I guess I'm just confused. Thinking lies are truths.
Its either gonna get better or worse
Modern family best show on tv but Betty White made me laugh my ass off tonight!!
Word up!
Somehow everything happened today. Days go by with little activity and then WHAMMO, everything happens at once. Such is publishing.
I am mailing out a Beignet donut dog ID tag today for Beignet the dog!! :) How cute is that?
ah, but you have cable
you got that right - Raven will be a part of the fanfest on 6/5!
ooh do you remember our i love u more fights and our tweetlongers ????????????? I DO :')
I can't wait till valentines day!<3
sure. Great job Pat.
if only you could have saved the lion's piss!!!!
on blueberry hill
Maybe once a week on average for personal use, more at reference desk. Particularly combo w/ subject terms.
This weekend only $40 for PC standard tune up and $40 for virus removal. Same day service. This offer expires 10/23/2011 10:00 pm.
It's sad that we are making this cards team look good. Get it together CATS.
id probably just jump off a bridge plain and simple:)
ange baby:) your picture is beaut
the American Indians really are such great sports.
wish I was going!,
perfect, you can show me around NYC when I lived their for 6 months back in 2008 I didn't do anything but work
Today in 1991, A military force from 34 nations attacks Iraq following the invasion of Kuwait.
Being extreme today!
I know. No one has tweeted me yet more than once in a tweet. Praying they won't.
Planning our wrap party. Looking forward to seeing our "Life At The Resort" family again.
Me well. Madeline sick. Together, we will watch UCLA struggle against MSU. Baby's first year of March Madness off to bad start.
Nothing says spring like scarfing down lunch at my desk between conference calls and meetings.
"I want to spread the news that if it feels this good getting used, you just keep on using me, until you use me up"
Xmas Tweets: I offered to help. And now my mom's ordering me around.
HEY BASEBALL WRITERS IS THIS THE YEAR OF THE PITCHER PLEASE LET ME KNOW IN HEADLINES
Looks like my trip to Balmorhea State Park this weekend is out! Apparently all the pools are closed due to some fungus. Ok...
Happy, happy New Year from AEGIS Tools! Have a safe and exciting start to your 2012!
#highschoolmemories Last day of school haha...
I am so insanely excited for work tomorrow. It's ridic. I've been texting my work email address ideas that I want to develop when I get in.
I <U+2665> Rachel Berry.
I'm from Chicago..and actually people cried haha
I'd tap that ;)
Thanks Eddie! Are you at the Relapse Theatre tonight?
RT : What I love abt good fiction & good history: No straight lines! Linearity in life tragic delusion. Love-the mess-or-perish.
thank you very much have a great night
:((( damn. move to austin lol
Thanks for the follow Happy Wednesday
OMG!! LMFAO! YES!! MARRY ME WILL!
Thanks for the follow!
I love how my phone receives txt msgs four hours later. -_-
the dream of every 5 year old with a sandbox and a shovel, until you tell them it's not China
I wish community was on netflix. This shows really funny lol.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship
Hehe. Could be an effective tactic if necessary? ;-)
!! Yes!! Please let it be so.
We're pretty new to the program; I don't think it's widely communicated yet. I'll watch for the email! :)
Thank you! Well, eventually I'll get there. ;)
If you love to perform then you should go for it. Do what you love. But if u want to go to school, then do that too, but its hard
Everything with you is so complicated ! Why do you make it hard to love you oh I hate it.
These last two Giro finishes have been like boxing matches.
Heart is full with
I wanna study in Paris OK?
FYI Donna Summer DID NOT sing 'I Will Survive'. Just sayin'!
Im Based Jesus
tea and crumpets? Really?
did you say your the first fan club? Hahah
Almost forgot my friends' bday! 18 mile drive to Larry and Gary's 46th bday party! We may end up past Alpine, at Viejas. Golden Acorn=best!
oh shush, yes you will. :p
the best way to describe it is that it's almost a cross between caramel and regular honey
that's awesome! Congratulations!
#ThingsIGetAlot love and d**k from
I'm just saying this: boys, if you rescue a pit bull, girls are gonna flock. it's like science or something.
#NP "Mr Jones" Were gonna be big stars.......
Export Green Trade Mission II: Energy & Environment April 22 - 27, 2012 Sao Paulo, Recife, Rio de Janeiro Brazil Awesome week
What a long night with the fish!!!!! Let's go !!!!!
Just saw a non-union breakdown- $25 if you wear a bikini and show some cleavage. Jesus! I don't need a fancy cheeseburger that bad!
how cute
“: Happy Earth Day everyone! I am so happy to be on it and not in it.” Hear hear!
Wishing you did a better job of sending thank you, birthday, or even holiday cards? Personalized & we stuff and mail! Follow !
well i tried to get up on the bar but they wouldn't let me. Guess they couldn't handle this Badger. Oh well. I tried...
Can't wait to get off work
But you still love me (:
We were not meant to do life alone. A relationship with Jesus gives you MORE than you ever imagined!
. In case you haven't seen: Donaghy vs Swanson, w/ Dwight Schrute self-defense demo poster
:heart flutters: :lips smile:
Happy Holidaze: Happy Hangover day is any day following a night of drunken debauchery. ~ Lisa Morgan
It is easier to be wise for others than for ourselves.
Peyton Manning is going to be a Denver Bronco.
Thank you for the invite. Congrats to you all. I wish you the best with the new venture!
Life really sucks sometimes. And it's hard to continue to be happy all the time. I CAN'T do it anymore. I'm falling apart on the inside.
Happy #StarWars day! May The Fourth be with you...
Happy Friday, twoops.
Ate a Azuma DRopPed a bunch of money on Sushi!Darn good(Spider Roll).
The Video to More than this should have a huge, amazing, romantic story line!. Not footage of them jumping around on stage like wild apes.
Some have suggested that but it wouldn't make much sense to bring more bad press to cover last years, who knows w/ them.
Gamin it bitch <3
Let's go ham today
ikr?! i was gonna go downtown but the snow is just so bad! have fun at the show:) i think i'll be seeing u adub show tho
He does it again!!!!! Thunder Win!!!!!
I miss you, too, friend. I hope all is well with you, and I'm looking forward to your return!
absolutely nothing like the perfect coffee.
Hahaha - Next time you ride the bus let me know
#Jays That extra wildcard spot is ours
Turn it down - <3
Twitter = dead. LOL
I miss Grey's Anatomy so much. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Miami decided to not go to a bowl game :( sill supporting my Canes
I just saw the angriest looking ginger to date. Even worse than when gets cut off in traffic.
I knew it! that didn't last long at all..
M macaroni and cheese
You can file a FOIA request with the department. (There may also be an easier way I'm not aware of.)
#1131 I love your bio! I love the twilight saga as well! I'm watching twilight right now. :)
Kicking it in kent! Nice to be away from the hustle of seattle. Nice to get some real sleep. Night Barbie!
you look amazing without or with braces. YOU ARE PERFECT <3 just saying ;)
just watched a preview for the lucky one didn't really enjoy the book, the movie looks even less appealing, that'll be a dvd rental for me.
looking forward to your rollout!
HAHAHA yes. This time for real we'll go to the Chocolate Bar and get #CHOCOLATEWASTED!!!! :D
You knows it ma blud!
Thanks! And that is awesome that you've lost seven pounds. It sounds like you are doing it right. Congrats.
Simon sensitive side is his ass when he sits on his wallet with the money he's making
#brandCOS Could you help us spread the word and get ideas to brand our city!
Hang in there everyone! New Location is almost done! ah :)!
Loved the part of How I Met Your Mother #HIMYM featuring Weird Al this week! Tell me, is it true?
You remind me of Norah's ex from Nick and Norah. In terms of look.
hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate the 34 bus
welcome to sunny Seattle!
I love that song. <3
Some dude in a James Neal jersey and dress pants on my metro car. 1) holy shit 2) why can't I wear my jersey to work? 3) lets GO
Walked to common grounds to study..drank my tea and read the new instead. Drinks anyone? I know you're down
My thoughts exactly! RT #NASCAR truck race on is sure to be smooth w/ all Brazilian front row
Performance of my student choirs tonight at University at Buffalo. free. 7:30, Slee Concert Hall. Should be fun. Come if you r in area
thanks love! <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Call me lucy. I'm in the sky with diamonds .
Hope you're right. Just having some slight Douglass / open heart surgery PTSD flashbacks.
We all said thank you, I love you jen jen. How'd you do ?!
Everyone does not deserve a front row seat in your life!
Yes! I feel that way about Harry Potter!
Wonderful talk by on #SEO. Learned a ton!
Congrats on selling out!!
Exercising it in a minute!
OMG..a minute into the episode, I'm not sure I can handle this
I need to go to sleep i made my wish so iguess this means goodnight twitter:)
Saw Cowboys & Aliens last night..It was Awesome! Loved it=]
“: please follow me back please” followed(: <3
Happy Friday!!!
Sunday Brunch today at Diva! Join the party ;)
Lil sexy surprise the hell out of me lol
#PeopleWhoMatter your mom
Thanks for the #FF.....HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND!!
Lakers-OKC will have a fight in every game this series....
apparently we have a lot to catch up on.....
We give thanks for unknown blessings already on their way. ~Author Unknown
Day in the Life of a Product Owner: Communicate, communicate, communicate!
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves when people are disrespectful to elders <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
umm idk probably this weekend or today even sincei have some spare time
Sally Draper, pwning her own mother.
never heard of a #potatogun until art-interview yesterday. Now learning how to build and shoot it. Thank you #D3 and
Literally stuck inside "It's a Small World"....going insane 20 minutes ago....
from the streets on to the sands
i will try to give you a call tomorrow. when are you free and what time zone are you in?
Yes to half this sentence: "Rhett Butler is a pure projection of idealized male sexuality, an ever-potent cliche."
nothing! just listening to Say Somethin! <3
what great company! I'm honored!
St. Nick; Ross hey Rick
We met, we talked, we flirted, I fell for you, I trusted you, you flirted with her, you ruined everything. End of story.
just checking this is working
Five Time Rush, Glickman & Cool Morning. (;
We've all got both light and dark inside of us. What matters is the part we choose to act on. That's who we really are. #SiriusBlack HP5
sorry my friend I really can't find you :(
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
<-- see that person right there?? well you should follow her. shes so sweet & follows EVERYONE back!<3
Glad it aint raining this morning!
Start getting your Valentines on. Cote D'Or, Dolfin, Bonnet amd Pralus, all under one roof. Give chocolate. She'll love you forever.
Gotta speak the lingo :). Insane if they won today - glad it worked out. Got tix for the Brazil - Argentina match next month.
Let's hear it! What is the funniest thing you've seen happen on a golf course?
She said she wanna hood n-gga!!!!
Thanks! See you soon! Cheers!
kids and horses work together with volunteers, therapists and certified Path teachers to develop young riders. Donate today.
Need to be swimming or doing something productive right now.
follow me maybe we can be friends ;)
Wait you live here in Miami? Well let me check! I'll tell you in a bit! (:
that's what your floor is for! Lolol
Finally gonna see this week. Its been like a month.
#Imagine you're having the worst day of your life and Austin dms you saying he loves you and that you shouldn't be sad.
Thank you! The on the set photos are great.
Your opinion is not relevant.
thanks for the follow - look forward to your tweets
Watching Ridiculousness with This show is Hilarious!!!
cnt tell if my tweet is sending..ugh..im still here, I just keep passing out cause im really tired.. cant function. <3 you
Let it rain! Let it pour! He don't love me anymore.
Phillies win 10 fewer games this year than last because of that. Still the best rotation in baseball...
#nowplaying Sex and Hollywood- Black Veil Brides!!!!!
the new Wayne Is gay bruh
Violation of Childrens Rights by BHD Co Ltd in Vietnams Got Talent - tap die sets
Thanks Bob!
Choose life no matter what your age, choose choice no matter what your position in life, choose happiness no matter where it may take you.
Arrrggghhh Evenflow!!! Great article! Thanks for sharing!
Btw When r u bringing in some veggies from the garden I'm assuming u have?
no longer holds his conservative credentials. They are revoked.
nice walk w hubby. Glad it's warm enough again. I just finished a 3.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Ever try to manually audit a million cartons of information....will only take you 5 years.
I say a B.I.G. verse I'm only biggin up my brother Biggin up my borough I'm big enough to do it I'm that thorough
"Loud I want to Hear it Loud, Right between the Eyes [I love it]~" Gene Simmons. As if there is now any doubt re; the genius of Kiss...
Intimidated Baylor changes mind about gambling on 4th-and-2 and settles for FG to cut it to 21-17 with 4:39 left in the half.
omg girl, your dancers got their own little thing goin' on!
thx for the follow! would you be interested in writing about our event in your blog?
Lets go BULLS!!!!!
While lunching on the Boeing plaza, I noticed that women are much more likely to wear a tank top than their male co-workers. Hm
he should be disqualified from commenting on Duke games...the dude just can't help but saying dumb things...
Love being alongside Dallas & Therese---they inspire me daily too! Thanks Dianna!
have you ever just layed in your bed at night and just cried because you know your not good enough?
to live and die in LA, heartz of men, fucking with the wrong nigga. (excuse my language)
New to Twitter. Sure to become addicted.
You have been assimilated. Congrats
They didn't, i think that's why you told me to remove them
So mad I woke up late. blah
Yayaay new phone old number! Finally.
Wow watching the Giants game VS The A's.. Let's get it SF GIANTS
"For merely listening to the law doesn't make us right with God. It is obeying the law that makes us right in his sight." Romans 2:13
your boy G loves the gaslamp. Better get a W tomorrow
Hard to say goodbye to them! This year was a blast to watch!
Those who can't forget are worse off than those who can't remember
21st century assessment workshop is so great!
At the Lakers game. We about to get this started.
Nice eclipse shot!
If you are a rubyist (or want to learn!), the Reno.rb monthly meetup is tonight at ! /cc
RT You can use that #terribletowel to wipe away your tears.
are u feeling better?(:
#sljsummit10 Check out book by Kuhlthau, Maniotes and Caspari "Guided Inquiry" key resource for developing inquiry in schools
Woke up at 2am panicing because I thought I was late for work. I didnt realize it was 2am until I walked outside....
Add a little variety to your lunch with our Variety Roller! Turkey, spinach, sundried tomatoes, red onions, avocado & mozzarella cheese! htt
MT : Ig Nobel guru will close out my spring writing class at Hopkins this Tuesday, & we'll have a 24/7 contest.
Just gave a direction.YOU did the work! RT Great meeting today @ SouthCom THX to Big things coming for in 2012 ;D
Why not?
that's what happens when you grow up in
Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done.-Louis D. Brandeis
At the end of the day ur on my mind
Me too! See you there.
I love talking about nothing, father. It is the only thing I know anything about.
The whiteboy that sits in this very jaccuzzi >>>>>>>>>>>> <U+E106> my god
Right, it doesn't mean anything unless you can still score the ball efficiently, which Shaq did.
AFF now has #evidence that Transitions Framework supports #mental health of foster youth.
happy birthday Caroline!
TWEET ME! Whats your favorite drink? Dr. pepper, pepsi, Coke, Mountain Dew(:
RT : WE NEED YOUR HELP. Tweet and tell them you wanna see on tour with them in May. do it!!!
Eh, not too much. I've been on a Sara Shepard kick and reading all of her books lately. The Lying Game is so good!
At the Copper Tank for the Art Institute fashion show. Totally blown away by their talent!!
Did Tiago Splitter just airball two consecutive free throws?!?
That nigga said he like wolf pussy not bald pussy and I was like well dueces bcuz I ain't no wolf bitch so hav fun on the next full moon
doing laps around the office
I've followed people from it. I don't have time to check out everyone someone follows and sometimes they're cool
how did Blake's knee feel after practice?
HAPPY FRIDAY! Short week makes for a very happy Friday. Come on in and stock up for the weekend.
how are things
Why do you say that?
my bestfran isn't at school D:
Hi Paul, Any interest in supporting our charity photojournalism auction at Christie's?
BRB KENTUCKY DERBY TODAY.
Pip!! I missed his voice and bow tie ;)
Gave up candy 4 Lent. In a moment of absent-mindedness, accepted Skittles Riddles from KSTP floor crew. 4 pieces blew my perfect record.
Re: CNN Anonymous special, the editing marks an important shift for producers afraid of the lack of visuals for stories about hacking.
oh yeah , whatever . If u don't believe its coo , Idc
AM in OKC for , PM in Wichita KS for IBM. Lots of driving today.
you're a cheeky fellow yourself. Your hate speech today is in a roll. Warren, Obama, Degeneres! R U sure you're Christian?
The RIG Region 7 AOS Panel is now resuming to review app #130016 Footlite Musicals.
your right! RT : Things do not happen. Things are made to happen. John F. Kennedy
"to prove to dad I'm not a fool... back to skool"
Lord, thank you for blessing me with a beautiful mother who was the epitome of class.She taught me to be a lady & to always put God first!
Practicing the #Piano. I wish i could learn faster. Or at least have a teacher now :/
The way people are talking, they're giving up. I wish they would. They give real Pens fans a terrible name. Good riddance.
Thanks love! RT @ PetChamber & : Lovely weekend!! woof...
ya mova ugly
We're that old.
best tweet ever.
Neurobiology of the Arts: hypergraphia from Fascinating.
Thanks so much!!
We are happy you are staying too. Feel sad about though
Delicious margaritas, those were.
My New show "The Rock" Wed at 10PM EST..
RAW is SAD & SAD is RAW (except for Paul Heyman) haha. Night, Amiga :) See ya again soon.
#ThatOnePersonWho rats u out to ur parents
And you already trying to find out where i stay
Vehicles are single biggest pollution maker, trucks being the most of that. Cleaner/less shipping is key in change.
Woohoooo! I've now racked up $6000 worth of Wal-Mart gift cards AND a free iPad! These texts are just great! -__-
see, that's why you gotta stretch! Haha its hard to get the length whore gets xD
(Rich) The Zoom H4n came in while I was travelling. Can't wait to use it in investigations! Have to try the Cubase LE4 software with it...
. If divided his wealth you wouldn't be a penny richer. If Bill Gates did, you'd gain $7.
is researching.
Thanks for the follow!
hey at least you have one...I'm all out!
Dear Repubs, don't pay $50 to take a picture with Newt Gingrich. You can take pictures with the Hamburgler at McDonald's for free.
Putting too much time into the wrong people is like putting money in a closed bank.
santorum is spread all over northern and western michigan right now; but he still might come out on bottom.
wow jaden looks so much older!
There are two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle - Albert Einste…
Dropping it off at the post office today
If you have nothing else to do, look about you and see if there isn?t something close at hand that you can improve! It may make you wealt...
I think I like Ricky Martin even better now. ;)
box office open now! call n to get tixs to see 916-925-5500 is the # RT
This girl is NUTS!
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb? He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
Y'all going to see #Puscifer ?
Nothing on East Germany? Currency manipulation by COMECON? So naive.
Looking for a way to donate to charity without costing you anything? Download our new Chicago-based app, , to do just that!
Brandon Banks is useless. Probably the worst player in the NFL.
Can we really say that every person makes the world a better place? Yes. Some do it by living a good life. Some do it by dying.
Floyd Mayweather is a punk, cheap shot and afraid of Manny
So mad. Went to the library and they didn't have book :( waaah. #DamnIndiana the librarian needs some gTTTTTTTTl bad!
says he belongs to 3 traditions: America, India, Islam and all have pluralism at their core.
You Are SO Awesome No Lie
Admission: I write longhand and then transfer chunks of text to the computer. Computer is where I edit/rearrange/rethink.
M&A Tip of the Day- If you acquired a biz and it lost money and you're selling for less, you don't have to worry about capital gains taxes.
With C-Young on DL, and Upton out, Kubel has to start producing -- and he's 2-for-2 with RBI today.
It's nights like this that I wish I owned a guitar. And knew how to play guitar...
you think Wisconsin will have the same problem w/ Syracuse?
YES. HE WAS IN THE CITY FRIDAY
Love 's new hair. Seriously: I'd buy any audiobook she asked me to.
PAN is a globally autonomous world movement initiated by José Argüelles/Valum Votan along with the World Thirteen Moon Calend Change Peace.
Dear conservators: just because I often call you control freaks and want to strangle you doesn't mean I don't love & respect you. <3
Boys are cheats and liars, They’re such a big disgrace, They will tell you anything To get to second base-
Running errands with my momma!
Happy Wedding Wednesday to all my fellow wedding pals! What's on tap for today?
Back in atx after being in boston and pittsburgh areas
thats funny cause I was wishing she would have swallowed you
"There is no marketing cure for sucking."
2nd period underway(:
What, no laser steaks?
Oohh, it's going to be a super busy week!
TNAondemand is so worth it, I have enjoyed it a lot
The Chocolate Festival & Spring Sweets on 2nd Street begins at 1pm. Come "pre-party" at LBMA. We have desserts & great art!
This Sunday Paul Cummings and the Crossroads Project will make their first appearance at the Pelican Nest. Starts at 5pm!!!
Late night cocoa puffs with Nellers and Nikki yay
had the wackiest dreams last night. whatevsssss i swear if someone pushes my buttons today.....good god. ill snap. crackle..pop.
may the fourth be with you? I don't know..haha I love babysitting these kids
Noticed Santorum didn't have that ash on his forehead during that #CNN debate.
I don't trust anyone who's in love with money.
RT Celebration time at C+S! We've been awarded 2 Silver Anvils for community relations and issue mgmt through
Heh. I missed my session & got hungry so now I'm trying out Mongolian BBQ. Wish me luck! #tooclosetoACCtobeanygood?
It gives me pleasure to ignore ppl I don't like when I see them out in public. This happened to me twice today. It's been a pretty good day.
oh, did he ask you out to go on that date?
It's 11:11! MAKE A WISH! <U+2665>
Sarai looks at me with disdain every time she catches me watching #BasketballWives . (._. )
Attn Columbus, Dublin, Worthington, Upper Arlington, Hilliard, Powell, Westerville, Pickerington, Grandview & Grove City: We have Volleyball
check out Circles and Lines composer Noam Faingold's rock orchestra playing at Cafe Orwell on May 22nd in Brooklyn at 9 pm.
we need to get together!
that's very Zen of you.
Slumlors Studios Hoping to get my music on major TV networks with Tinderbox Music! Post on their wall to request Big Moose Da Pro.
Trust no MAN . Fear no BiTCH .
I came to California mostly for , but also for In n Out.
Okay, but I said speakers not sneakers. Happy New Year!
Back to our regularly sheduled program...MacharoMusic
enjoy your stay! Thank you for choosing Hotel Metro!
Everyone turns into the person they swore they'd never be
ECSTASY OF ORDER: THE TETRIS MASTERS -- a fine documentary that profiles the top NES Tetris players. Cool characters and gameplay revealed.
Follow me and I'll follow you back <3
Sweat It Out IS SUCH A GOOD SONG along with every other breathe carolina song<3
I'm messaging him too ( :
You greatly deserve it!
Hey Jerry! Thanks for the retweet!
In summation: if/when Madonna disappears there'll be world peace, Clint Eastwood=BAMF, Coke>Pepsi & Ferris Bueller made CRVs cool for a sec
YES!!! DADT is dead
Happy Weekend folks...
RT : Dear Apple media relations: not responding at all to press inquiries just isn't cool.
An reader offered to lend me a dress for an event tomorrow. It's official. Not all commenters are evil!
I'm not asking for much. Just keep it real with me
Sending our thoughts and prayers to Adam's family, RIP BEASTIE BOYS Main Man. We'll miss you, but always have the joy of your music.
u fancy huh!
no that doesn't count... I really was wondering and what people drink.
Missed #yoga @ #exhaleAtlanta and couldn't get in for massage. Oh well, I have my #CoreFusion #EnergyFlowYoga DVD w/ & Lis to do!
Excited to have and here at the
Monday at 3 works. Let's make it happen. TBA location.
Tell all your friends to follow me. I'm a swell guy..
do you ever tweet about things you like?
Okay. Be that way.
sounds like my type of woman,lol, check the hot new song out @ myspace.com/legyndmuzik its dedicated to you n all ur gf
in my new apt i got free cable n i still havent hooked my tv up been here for a whole week now
had so much fun yesturday at the bully screening great movie it is inspirational :)
Sunday lovely no work at all today time for family love it
Little set backs today with Hailey Anne. It was major surgery.
what up folks?
Smiles and good morning from Philadelphia !
that was my cousin playing on my phone sorry
Planning a visit? Remember to check our holiday hours. #UCR ARTSblock will be closed Dec 25 and Jan 1.
Whitney's hauntin' me. Can't get the lyrics of "Wanna Dance with Somebody" out of my head. So when the night falls/My lonely heart calls...
cant wait for the Tailgate Tuesday -- 7/6 - 6 pm - Dan McGuiness Demonbreun! A new song is up on myspace.com/tailgatesouth! Check it out!
Newt Gingrich has been waging a #waronmarriage for decades. Ask his wives.
I LIVE for so happy #JKB is back!!!!!!!
his sound is "marketable", i.e.- for the reason(s) you mentioned in the article. i think that's it in a nutshell.
hey have you heard of yet?
Newt's secret service agent - watch out for that blonde woman. she is trouble. why? coz Newt might marry him
"They don't want to take a timeout now." - the best work of Chris Webber as a basketball analyst
It'll be PDF first, then ePub, then paper. pre-order soon. Signed, yes. Killer unicorns: optional
no, I need the pic. My buddy thinks they showed it on a manual sign, I said they only show era on video boards. Thanks though
It's getting kinda cold outside... 2 more hours
you beautiful ma idc wat dey say bout you
If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
but yet LA is shitty... Wish Vegas was closer.
I shed a couple tears when saying goodbye to - then noticed I had #glitter under my eyes. What? I have glitter tears?
#inhighschool I used to pay this girl copper 30 bucks to write all my english essays, McDonalds had me throwing money lol
How long 'til your first Mine Eyes Have Seen the Glory tweet from the White House?
the 2011 Red Sox might not be who we thought they were.
Sometimes the total lack of ethics and responsibility that some folks take in their pursuit of stardom just blows my mind!
i see the lakers are lookin tough...
i love you so much <3 :')
the next talk will be Dec. 9 - top secret speaker but we'll announce it next week. Watch for news!
Cool profile pic of you smoking a cigarette. Hope you enjoy that bladder cancer!
Happy #BeyondThunderdomeWednesday! Let's talk about THUNDDDERDOME!
I just don't like the teacher. Love the class
The cost is your soul.
oh okay i thought it was just me
#cnnnye Happy New Year's from WI...be with you soon 2012!
I need a black belt to go with my new black boots
You are a wonderful human being
This just in: Brooklyn repossess Dodgers.
Yes, but the yucky weather makes you appreciate nice weather even more!
Thanks for letting us to provide the answer to your craving! RT : my pizza craving is about to be satiated at #monicals!
2 Weeks Of Skool Left Im Cant Wait I hate Skool With a Passion
So this is what writers' block feels like. I'm not a fan
Costumes, creativity, and curiosity encouraged! Kids of all ages welcome!
im halfway done with the semester which will make me over halfway done! if that makes sense...
You said it, brother. Hell of a game from Rondo tonight, though. Go #Celtics!
This is why I limit my clients to just below "OMG I am busy" so I can go do stuff. I am actually working on something now...
#MajorTurnoffWhen guys dont treat girls right.
Fraser says money for husky endowment and pride fund can come from students
im drunk and high at the same time, drinking champagne on the airplane
want u back
the more consistent you are with your workouts, the less intense your sessions have to be
You know, it's funny how persistent the "ei" "ie" issue can be. We all know it's, "I before E except after C," but UGH!
its official for the 19th so get ur crew together and let us know! Open bar from 10-12a and discounts on bottles.
A typical wikipedia editor is a grad student from STM fields -sue gardner
Love watching Justin perform boyfriend <3
is my idol I love her!!! Oh and it's jersday but no jersey shore wtf!!!!!
Just reduced my At&t bill by $150 using my charm and the most complicated math the person on the other line has ever done, subtraction.
It appears your account may have been hacked. Are you sending messages with links today?
Whoa kassemG just went in a totally different direction there.
Have a HAPPY MOTHER's DAY everyone!!!~BAMM THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER Becoming a Legend because my mother said so~BAMM...
Smokin trees til my head right <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
It's like the Internet is over. That GIF just won the Internets.
you did what? From where?
Funny how someone can completely insult you without realizing it.
And...we're off!
Neat folks doing exciting things!
Ready for the rest of my weekend with ! I let you go huntin frogs, so now we get to do what I want! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764>
he is fine as hell and smart!!!!!
Brain fry. Going to read Ash, a retelling for Cinderella. I did watch Ever After the other day so it's fitting.
That's was up. I think its a good move
seeing that won't tweet me tonight...goodnight</3
it's cool it's cool
I awoke this morning with the song "S Club Party" stuck in my head. I have no clue why.
my tea smells like cake.
Sorry I didn't see this before! It's May 19th, at O'connells! Follow for details!
#Love,laugh,love. Life rules! I want to live forever.
i think Jeff Maker would be proud... nervous about wearing my jersey at school though. i don't trust these people :-/
It is up to each of us to restore meaning. Doctors cannot do it for us with medicine; friends cannot do it for us with solace and comfort.
No prob! Keep us in the loop if you make any more books and or videos!
When you have 2 more days worth of content to write and you can't think of anything else to say...
American Gangster is one of my favorite real life movies right up there with lords of dogtown and scarface
I'm a very descriptive person, but everything on Twitter is 140 characters or 160. It's not letting be be myself... Hahaaa.
your boyfriend peed on my bed!!! I thought you taught him better!
If I don't feel secure in a relationship I don't even want a part of it.
Do you #pray everyday? the 15 prayers of St. Bridget....
“: Fuck the Heat” ha try it in Memphis it's like 95 here :/
About to turn into a ninja a squirrel ninja
The #1 team in college football is _________.
Quick construction clean up job done this morning in Highland Park.
finally able to catch up on some library instruction literature and take a break from apartment hunting.
Life is, more than anything, dark expensive houses with porchlights on.
you think it was bad before? you have more problems than so called #Cleatchasers #DumbAssBOYS is what you are.
Technically opening isn't until Sunday...but our Pay What You Can previews do start tonight! Thanks for the tweet out!
me too!!
The way I am it's all my fault
I talk with my hands all the time ! .....or sometimes with just a finger or two! ;)
Watching criminal minds and doing my taxes.... debate: will I have nightmare bc of the show or bc I messed up my taxes.
at least people are noticing. You shouldn't be pissed off, but be happy and want to encourage people to unite and cause history
#FF more great
Our girls softball team stands up to the weather- game on!
#CosgroverOn Hello Twitter =)
Wow just got told I was frekin ugly:( TREAT OTHERS THE WAY YOU WANT TO BE TREATED!! boys like understand
where was that?!?
lol TOO ghetto .
Just looked. Today it's all Baltimore is "obsessed" and "not a fan".
that's for real homie!!
RT : College GameDay heading to Baton Rouge for Florida-LSU. Sounds like a party to me!
as a reformed multi-tasker, I felt the retweet was imperative! :)
Since I got some work done at UNM, in going for ice cream
Coffee w OU alum in macomb talking about his start up unbelievable platform and communication strategy!
Thank you for sharing your son w/ #MSU He has become 1of my fave #Spartan kiddos. He's a great person '& athlete. Happy M D!!
BLOOD DEATH NO FREEDOM NO VOICE LIE'S AND MORE LIE'S THIS IS WRONG MAKE IT RIGHT
Are you DTF? . . down to FOLLOW me on twitter ! ;D
JMR Girls Track team: Southern Conference Champions! UNDEFEATED! Good job girls AND boys, we had an amazing season! I'll miss you all!
Watching Precious wt my bro
Super Science Saturday - Gizmos and Gadgets! Come check it out!
thanks for the mentions
I notice the more ignorant someone is, the more arguments they have.
you're working Monday then? Thank god It's my school I can't be alone!
Hittin up the studio to record for a song called "forever know"!
And Barton just completely lost it for QPR, what an idiot.
Almost won at words with friend
Playing w/ , New Moods, and Tygerstrype this Wed at
Photos: Tumbling Into the New Year
In kinda buzzed and its al because
Cannot wait!
you guys are funny. Shark Bar much? haha
Don't know where we're going but I think we're almost there. Wine tweet. Damn I need to get up early for shark hunting.
not possible.
My Prayers go out to #DwyaneWade nephew!
Thank you for the #FF! Have a great weekend as well.
LML...so true, but he's horrible. Time for him to be an assistant for Coach K now.
So, I inadvertantly gave my boss a pornographic-ish book for Christmas. Oops.
The last time I was in my apartment was 35 hours ago
what station locally is it on?
Randy, so true, staff surprised, we have a partnership with Google in Boulder, we are wondering the impact for AIA
Thank you!! You can "partner" with us anytime.
*I dont judge ppl tht r to short, to tall, to fat, or to skinny;& ill be friends with anyone no matter wht their flaws r:)*
dude in my class just sprinted out the door... car got towed......
My dad thinks I'm gonna cook dinner for my mom... As if I'd burn down the house <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
AVENGERS’ $185+M record! $68+M Saturday & $80.5M Friday For Biggest Domestic Weekend And $575+M Worldwide
Bout to get my hair done ^_^
Love when the #Brewers wear the retro jerseys. Bring back the "ball & glove" logo permanently.
Um I might be twitter stalking you. Idk though... Maybe.
Good luck on all your finals too.
MB vs Omg girlz dance battle omg girlz definitely won
what's good hiphopmenace my name is redell drakeford founder of take axshun marketing,promotions & management inc.chicago
If you do not ask, the answer will always be no
YUP....even though that was my show HAHAHAHAHA
He too sensitive
Ack. Just totally hit the thursday wall. Wanna be home reading up on the Marvel RPG and eating vegetarian chik'n soup.
I want to go to the Spa!
Go Tribe! RT Headed to my hit this am, 10:45 talking #Indians, #Ethier and
life is a choice and death is a decision
awesome Mexico pics!
lets do it together
to be honest, I just ate dinner so i am haha
we should hang!
Don't forget tomorrow night is our FIVE (5)@ Sonic Burgers for $5.95 at 5pm. Now that's a deal my friends! Only@ 8212 Liberty Rd Sonic.
that would be awesome! I would be there taking pics and vids.
The hardest challenge is to be yourself in a world where everyone is trying to make you be somebody else. ~E. E. Cummings
Whaddaya mean, you don’t know what a moussicle is? It’s basically a frozen, chocolate-dipped orgasm on a stick. $3 for a ticket to heaven.
I love lazy Sunday's. Enjoying well deserved time spending it with my husband before our crazy work schedules start again. <U+2764>
OH guy in Colgate shirt: "How did you guys hear about this? Facebook?"
Damn we're n a recession! #NBC just reported #Tide is being stolen & sold on the
Ok... Sneaks Up mixtape 6 submission info email going out right now... if you do not get it, send me your email and I'll forward it to you..
Another impressive inning for Nova! Gotta get something going on offense!
Thank you for the retweet
I love bachata ,,
omg me too!! Sad! I wouldn't go out there either and get involved! Eff that
one of WI biggest assclowns. F that guy.
“ “ RETWEET this if you're missing someone right now<U+2665>””
Heading to Greer stadium woo hoo! Hope they win :)
Shud hav a good idea where we r after the summer&what we need2do2get2where we want 2b. Ppl think I am crazy, but a state title is our goal.
LiveSchool now has an improved weekly report template that makes it even easier for parents to stay informed!
is ur story out yet ??
I'm on fire with the creative storytelling and screenplay writing right now. It's about to be disgusting. #ohyeahit'son
and yet, it is still the minority. Always has been. What's next after this epic fail?
if you had a <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B2> you wouldnt have these problems <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
RT IF JUSTIN, CODY, OR GREYSON ARE NOT FOLLOWING YOU SO THAT I CAN DM THEM YOUR USERNAME! (must be following ) #NOJOKE!
Because people don’t choose to write, they are chosen to write. [So true!]
That stalker moment when someone likes your FB post from 2 months ago....O_o
I guess it probably wouldn't be a good thing for me to get laid at work tho lol
I'm on the grind! Are you? Crystallize your goals and change the world around you. But most importantly - stay focused along your path.
Make money live comfortably oh
Thanks, guys, for a great show!
I want to, but alas, I am watching my boys tonight
- Kids Reguire Moment by Moment LOVE, Attention, Care, Preparation, Training, Follow-Through & Role Models.
. You r my favorite movie critic, but you gotta let the Transformers hate go. We get it. You hate Michael Bay. Let's move on.
i am definately locked in at tao in las vegas drinking ciroc and lemonade and gettin my diddy bop on while typin this on my g1 ...
Gonna be a long night.
Finally getting to sleep after a very stressful late evening of work
Headed to the first crew meeting of the 2011 sailing season. Can't wait to start racing again!
hii khloe ! Omg I think you're super pretty ! I know you hear that a lot but yeah (: Hope you can retweet me (:
Rajon Rondo steals inbound w/ 10.9 seconds left but the #Celtics could not score, fall 87-86. Game 6 on Thursday at TD Garden.
what does #WW mean?
I helped a few people find the new post office location on Meridian today.
<3 Feeling so blessed! "When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch up to you." :)
Trying to cop tickets for the Curren$y & Smoke Dza concert next week? Catch me at Old Miami tonight and The Shelter Thursday.
Thinkin Bout Her
LOL BOSS RIDE
Agree on Nash. Love to have him, but not if it requires mortgaging the farm.
Probably not then.
you've always been good with WNBA. Nice call today on Mystics +11
'Hygiene hypothesis' gains credence in explaining food allergy prevalence - Delmarva Daily Times
See you tomorrow at 11am for #knit assist
i threw out my back and it hurt like crazyy had to miss school yestardayy!
Not in my mind! A lot of people are saying Zodiac though...
follow before she commits!20
oh yeah you go girl
I wish life had a pull-down help menu.
Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes
I wish we did, too. I'll pass it on to the management. Thanks for your loyalty! : )
Planing a music video shoot and hoping to make dreams come true.. Have a great night!
People just. I mean. Karaoke. Screen like phone calls plz.
Is it just me or does it smell like Delray today?
how long you gonna be there?
Soo exhausted! Not sleepy. Just exhausted.
Welcome to the end.
Maybe! Hoping to go to Tampa for the Frozen Four, too RT : You going to be at the ACC Tournament next month?
orange and purple is such an 80's colour combo
I LOVE BEING UNDER ESTIMATED
same as Omar: 0. #BOOM :P
Santa Barbara bound !!! See you in two weeks Chicago
Happy Mothers Day Mom (and the rest of the Moms out there) Would not be where I am today without the support & guidance you have provided me
1 year ago today: Brandon Roy rescued the Blazers in Game 4 vs the Mavs. We'll relive it with highlights on the pregame show.
Does anyone know of any delicious warm #cider recipes for these next few cold months?
Niggas try to holla she'll will point it out...She will catch a flight she will run a route
we got my mom some roses there pretty like her :)
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked why do u talk white?
Just got done destroying the Microsoft 70-573 exam on SharePoint 2010 Development. Next O will conquer lunch!
you're going?!
Riden round with my nigga smoking on dope
I'm not used to this. The OTHER team is setting the tempo…this is weird.
Ooh I just love Queen Latifah
I love it! So much funny drama!
#jets fans take after their coach dumb ass!!
I love Austin so much.. like OKHAYY. Only #Mahomies can get what I'm saying when I say I can't explain how much I love him.
FOLLOW NEW TWITTER ~~~
watching princess and frog with my daughter. when did the theaters become so clean?
RT Oh, you took 30 minutes to text him back because it took him 20? That will show him who’s boss
ill have ya living life like you should, you'll say you've never had it so good.
you are! You always blame me!
The lights aren't that bad. I'm pretty sure tanning beds are a lot worse...
Amen! RT : If we sow good seeds, we got a payday coming from God.
"i'll give you 950 followers in 10mins. But you must be following me.” does that really work?
Funny day with Haahaha I'm bald headed suposedly..........lawl
but you believed in everything but me girl, I don't get you
Interesting, but might take their focus away from actually playing game.
It sucks being up all night
What ur disappointed there's a law and I ain't no child molester but I am cool with every body...don't care who u is
Absolutely! Spreading the word is blazing fast with #SM - great way for us to stick together - follow
I mean--- that's valid.
itching to head back to LA for Halloween weekend...sunshine? yes please!
It's okay if I don't wear a long dress to prom because I still got til my prom so don't be giving me bullshit!
Thank you for the love. Do you follow Jim on twitter? Check out
lol My whole TL going through something...
Happy Friday all! Have a wonderful St. Patrick's Day!!!
I recently learned about your agency. Great stuff! #Cheers!
Just saw my bro off on his prom..lol fam a fool
great verse on that Get Her on mixtape produced by the homie hope to hear calabo with ja rule when he get out
I am honored, sir, and will use your endorsement in my campaign to be America's Funny Man (should Billy Crystal ever leave us)
Neat idea to test a pbx connect into G+ hangout.
haha thanks! I'm still applying for the #CommunityMgroftheYr award but I'll definitely let you know when voting starts!
My take on the latest Transformers movie: So bad on so many levels...I just can't get it out of my head.
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps o.g. Loko-of mice & men.
Come cure some humid Monday blues on the corner of NE 2nd ave and NE 39th street! We'll be here till 6 kitties..
So bored not tired
Can't do too many more snow winters. Arghhhh
Just finished my first set of phone prompts in a long time. What a wide world is #voiceover work.
More than meets the eye.
"Not advertising is like being alone in a dark room with the door closed. You know you are there, but no one else does".
RT : TODAY at 4:50 pm ET: Chief Investment Strategist Jeff Saut will be a guest on 's Closing Bell .
thanks for the follow blue!
I thought I was a pedifile now I can have him
Stop your grin'n and drop your linen: Manning's plane is in the air, on the way back to Raleigh. -- mike freeman ()
you can't fight with fate
Excited to learn more Love the idea of growing food close to home
I Know Im Be Famous So Im Putting Everybody On :D So Now It's Time To Work Harder -_- lol " God Got My Back "
I think really has eBay we call selective seeing
and I dont care about the flesh it'll tare, it isnt flesh that im worried about! ~La Dispute
Now this I want to see!
Watching Q&A w on 's Google+ pg. Seen w others (incl ). Thoughts on integrating into campaigns? Enough reach?
this house bunny movie is real bad
Amen to that!
Shoutout to the producers who sending me that heat!!!!! If your a dope&wanna get $$ email me
Thankful for everyone in every moment!
that is retarded I got out like ten minutes ago it wasn't that bad I thought it'd take longer
Lots of Adele on the radio <U+E022><U+E056><U+E03C>
Happy Columbus Day!
I'm gonna burn this shit and show it to my 88 followers
i'm literally crying. you & will make THE BEST music omg omg omg
following back... Thanks for following, love :)
Grocery store: check. Last supper: check. 40 days of no going out to eat here we come!
S/O all the college grads of 2012! :) we did it baby! Whoo!
aww damn..leave den ion need u
really need a red gatorade. Before i puke.
Whether you use cabinets or shelves, keep supplies separated by type, using organizers for groups of smaller items.
"If you can actually count your money, then you're not a rich man." - J. Paul Getty
well played sir
215 is playing in Green Bay tonight at IQs...9pm...Free Show...Don't Miss It
why are they promoting shows OVER A YEAR away? and WHY are they selling tickets for it?? This is crazy.
k dude I work mon threw friday but ill be free this weekend if you wanna get together nd do.something go eat nd chill or something
Ah. Ask for the car tomorrow and go during lunch. D:
i love that point in the day where you can let your hair down kick your feet up and relize you had a very good day
Hey, all - send me your vegan/vegetarian-friendly recommendations for Philadelphia! Going there in July, and I need to eat!
An hour-plus of walking with a 3 minute run (still doing the intervals, dont judge me!)
u are fine
I honestly did not know about Whitney until i checked twitter just now.
Not feeling #GreaterThan & I have been drinking both vodka & GT. Damn.
Yay for mixers tonight, who's coming? Tip for conversation starters, ask what least favorite exhibit has been and how to improve. Or most.
-- if the league has any integrity..yes he sits.
check ur email
oye. Can I please have a clone?
<U+E328> #DanceMomsMiami!!! Love the show it shows me that I am not te only one who has drama in her life lol!<U+E057>
Dub Jam
At UW-Whitewater to meet with the PR students.
Progress Report Meeting with the Drama/Dance Department.
I rather be with you but you are not around ...
thinking my neighbor's Red Holsteins would make for an amazing photograph when the foliage is at high peak.
Well I happened to like your 'creamy' porcelain look. Now you're gettin' all 'Swarthy'.. ;O)
Quite a compliment. Should tell him, though you have already tons, I am sure. Has he published on this programatic approach?
FEELIN LIKE A FREIGHT CHAIN
Right? Colorado Avid Golfer girls. Too cute!
RT : #PRSCamp June 5-7 plus doing a live feed online and charity event to raise $ for kids w/ AIDS #usguys cc:...
At the Heckerling Institute on Estate Planning in Orlando. I am learning that 2 year GRATs are great.
European Stocks Advance; Swedbank, Electrolux Rally - BusinessWeek
Thx for thinking of us!
did you see Jordan's interview with ? it's a whole diff side of Jordan.U guys need to each do one with her like that!
The first year wedding anniversary of Duke & Duchess of Cambridge is tomorrow! My best wishes go out to &
lol now go to bed
Just saw a Terrible Accident on Lamar and S. Parkway.
Can't wait to check-in this weekend and see Sleep No More for the second time!!! Perhaps the Electric Room afterward?
Let's go PATRIOTS lets go. :)
could you add links to conf proceedings and journal volumes that would allow you to go <prev or next> when browsing?
I hope everything is ok there Courtney. I will definitely keep you in my prayers.
Don't die on me!!!
Everyone talking about THIER Super Bowl commercial. There is NO WAY I am going to brag about my 6 Super Bowl commercials. There is NO way!
It was a pretty amazing moment. Our eye contact was super intense
#FourWordsYouDontWannaHear Make me a sandwich.
If there are any issues, please do not hesitate to contact me at .
Sept 3rd labor day weekend Breez Hu$tle video shoot in Htown, come out for ya boy!
What a great community et al. have built at Thanks to and everyone who attended.
I don't know why but I'll cheer for any team in the #MLB before I support the BoSox. Even the Cards <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>. I just don't like them.
I was in the 212
so the new twitter erased all my tweets? been like this since yesterday....
~Free Shipping at MyBerryExistence.com
Whatever I'm gunna eat my Rita's custard now <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
Peasants only treat her like a Queen
Speechless. The girls left us in awe. Such self-confident, empowered young ladies! #FashionShow2012 is a success!
tell me you love me.
Thx Larry, you're so kind. RT : A Sure Bet to Learn From:
serious abt methadone clinic - contacted 10 neighborhood assns yesterday with Sue's information sheets. on it!
At Scott Nelson's workshop on #Copyright & Public Domain at the : "This whole presentation should anger you." Pretty much...yes.
It really needs to be summer already.
Our Wed. special is a vintage throwback from the Piccard's days. Fried chicken, green beans & our ultra-cheesy mac n' cheese!
Happy Halloween Everyone!!!
Was just told that someone said I looked like Stella McCartney. What? I look nothing like her.
haha nah I'll say hi, and if you do that then I'll act like I don't know you haha jk
tyler the creator
Home chillaxin. Hit me up!
And the crowd goes wild!!
We can print on just about anything, but t-shirts, hat's & hoodie's are the most requested. The music industry is good to us & us to them.
hey again(: i just saw the address but is that his or his P.O box? And what format do i put that on an envelope?help!(:
just presented Foodie Night - it offers curated food, wine, beer lists, with pairings & recommendations.
should have came to orlando..
THIS THURSDAY! The Grand Opening of the Brink is happening with free cover all weekend! Ill be spinning Thursday, Friday & Saturday!...
hey, I go where there is work lol
I'm TIRED Of You BITCHES Acting TUFF Like Niggas .
Seconded, and especially for plane flights. RT : Dear people in those rubber toe sock shoe things, just no.
& I are hosting a mothers day dinner/pamper party for the mothers @ Claras House shelter 5/11 6pm-8pm. Volunteers needed
Here are some other famous compassion quotes by some of the well known personalities.
Work work work work work...lol
I am still waiting on that explanation.
“: so impressed with ! Awesome job making a difference! #iamFCE #addictedtolifechange” Thanks Pastor B!
Somebody is bringing the #Brewers good luck tonight!
I still say it's fine for an alt kit but the proof will be in sales. Hope it sells well. We need the £! RT if u wish.
Heading up to Montreal today for #140MTL conference: The State of Now. Talking about #PervasiveComms. Join me?
S/o my neww follower
Lebron please don't leave
Im Invisable To You Just Another Fan But The Diff Thing About Me Is I Trufully Like You Not Just Be Like I Got Him Bitches..<U+2665>
Screw Creative Writing #dumbass class.
let me see umm #skyyjones2 check #thecookup check so tonight i'm feeling
Wishes I was as pretty as (:
hey you were mentioned in the Auburn Mountainview High School Annouments congrats u guys
a good throw guns him.
hey. You messaged me on Xbox live but I can't respond cause im not a gold member. What's up Edge-bro?
When my prom clients are tardy I do NOT trip, I went to prom I know the deal. All I ask for is food and a diet pepsi.
Doesn't sound like a problem to me...
The official day may be July 1, but for #Mizzou fans, #SEC membership starts Monday night.
so um hannah when you ganna put the tweet i told you to put?!?!;)
New Costume Deluxe Junior Flight Suit Boys Costume
Just done maxs makeup, omg.
I've seen a few articles pop up about the McGangBang. I think I liked KFC's Double Down better.
If I follow this outline just so, I'll be writing about new years eve on new years even. Write what you know!
It's the $125 Spring Fling Deep Stacks Qualifier into the Main Event at 8pm
oh I thought you said hoes !
One minute
Now let me help u make ur estimated tax payments RT : Congrats to !!! 4th Highest Selling Rap Album of ALL time
tweeting out to you cos you asked so
awsome sounds like fun!! Lol :D
Most of the people I meet in-game don't seem to want to interact, and it follows a pretty standard pattern of MMO fetch quests.
The FDL bureau!!
great news!
well thank you
I just got home. Took a shower, now I'm relaxing watching some TRU TV . Hell yeah. Crazy shit
{Ad Space} Are you looking to promote your business? More space open NOW! Contact me to get started!
"Girl, you look better with the lights off." is pretty much like saying: "Girl, you look better with a bag over your head"
- currently booked at a club. might be able to move the date. call or email the details. 512-595-2284 -
hey I don't like madboy&i don't like mini k/big L lololol I just agree that mini k has nice eyes and that big L is ok lololol
What is your favorite honour crest song ?
#latingrammys this Thursday at the ! It's going to be great! I've seen some of the rehearsals for some of performers.Amazing
that's okay. I understand it all! ~winks, squeezes hand~ secrets safe with me. Imma go tanning. On the beach...
Drinking with my bay listening to him talk ish team tipsy
Bingo! RT : T4 How about universal coverage so docs can concentrate on patient care instead of administration?
Chef David Guas of Arlington's Bayou Bakery will be competing on Food Network's "Chopped" tonight at 10pm!
what type of person really beats a innocent defenseless baby. Smh what has the world come to >:O
It's been a great week. Thank You Followers, Friends, and Everyone Else!
We spent an hour yesterday on #HAchat discussing ways ePatients & activists can approach docs. Working on list w/
Watching Videos on youtube
i missed #SAYSOMETHIN someone tell me what it sounds like!!
Starting Spider Bones. Suddenly very excited.
What's wrong with lettering in choir? Cool people lettered in it (and Latin) :D
gym, then PAINTING!!
Trisha- hope you're having a great Thursday... promise I'll be up early tomorrow :)
Pretty ironic but B-Side Wins Again is my favorite PE track.
ClipperNation tough loss
I am working on it. Heard V is coming this wknd.
You'll be missed. At least by me... Shorty needs to get her ass home. ^_~
would the iOS 5 widget thingy allow for a really simple widget for quick add asana tasks, just for capturing ideas very very fast?
This has been one of the funniest nights ever
Carmelo is a scorer expecting otherwise is like asking Reggie Miller not to shoot 3's, just dunk
Do the common thing in an uncommon way - Booker T Washington
Man, Verdell Jones I dribbles the ball way too much. Get the ball inside to Zeller more!
In order to win, you must first lose. The feeling of losing gives you the desire to make sure you never lose again.
Im guessing Friday is bullshit day
never any of those what ??
I have been good, how are you doing? Did you ever get any of my emails?
Yes! The first time it came out and I was going through a hard time I listened to this song&ever sense I've loved it!<3
God, please not anatomy.
If you're interested in #THATCamp Bay Area but not close, check THATCamp.org and follow hashtag--global organizing. join in!
Twitter & Tumblr > Facebook.
wait when???? Tomorrow??
Get you some Coffee..lol
yep... & I debating between that & USMNT in Jamaica. Haven't committed to either.
i wore my Dog Tags to school today
Who needs Flyer Designs for a Show, Party, Event, etc? We only charge $8 and we'll have it done that same day. Message us.
“: Sometimes you have to be apart to know if you are really meant to be together.”
For those of you that have beat/writers block right now, just remember.... Music just happens. So stop thinking about it so hard
That's what PSTs are for!
Wishing everyone a Happy 4th of July!
I'm truly in love
Lame right? Cut-n-paste makes them HugeLosers! lol
Wednesday Trivia Night Bonus Phrase: 49ers Good luck everyone!
#NP Where Are You Now cover by Austin Carter Mahone
Is your website easy to navigate? Is your content engaging? Do you ask the visitors to do what you want them to do with a call of action?
its the place where we'd have to lie and call him our friend
so would this be your first semester ever at college or... How old are u anyway?
Thank you, Lisa! Likewise!! Looking forward to reading your tweets! :)
On the way to church for a vbs meeting with
saw one for the money with my gf on valentines day, it was great! :)
Been there many times and been to the memorial twice which is amazing. They did it right. I live 12 miles from Ground Zero.
Girls are so nasty to each other, it's insane. It's like, "Bring her down so I can lift myself back up."
We hope you can visit Interiors From Spain booth at #hdboutique. Also pls visit www.fromspainmagazine.com. Thanks!
you should probably start tweeting, don't you think?
Thank you!
Saturday night and im in watching the notebook. This sucks <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Follow me on instagram!(:
I am thankful to work with such talented and tenacious colleagues at That is all.
True true. Didn't mean the ban ws related to the litter question. Was just using my un-support of the ban as a bargaining chip.
what the heck are you watching?
Sounds like it will be, but I'm going to be out of town!
Preparing for hosting the East Midlands Young Planners event tonight - photos to follow!
He's gonna get it for joking that she may have cancer. She didn't laugh very hard.
Not going to #Mifflin. I don't need to travel to Madison to make a fool out of myself.
It's always funny who you see & who you miss! I've been soaking up really practical sessions at
im w/okc
I didn't know you had the option! I thought ALL scrantonites (scrantonians?) had to go to parade day. :)
Beautiful and thought provoking morning at Arlington.
Gain cannot be made without some person's loss.
The awkward moment when the leg with cast is the one that's itching & there's nothing you can do to fix it 0.0
RT : Leaders worth following clearly know how to find the time to be pro-active rather than reactive.
done and done!
Just saw Marcia is doing Physical Health too. :-)
RT R.I.P to the 31 U.S Troops who were killed in a helicopter crash in Afghanistan. Show respect by retweeting
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. - Bill Cosby
definitely ready for lunch, but no idea what I want.
And our website is coming soon!
From the desert to the wine bar... not a bad weekend ;-)
Will McGee's departure help Booker?? Thanks.
I didn't know people were blaming Welker for dropping the ball. Rewatched the play - it was a bad pass.
Well let me tell you this sister , I am , I am colder than a blister , c:
yeesh. Glad I don't work at DOJ...apparently protesters are knocking all sorts of websites down in backlash for megavideo takedown
Uh, yeah.": So. Is it too early to talk about how many All Stars the M's should have? And how much W Series tix cost these days?"
Why is Jen taking so long ?
John McCain will be forever remembered as the man who made the crazies respectable in national politics.
It's a tough feeling to lead Iowa's first K-12 virtual school, but yet, feel as though so many people are against you. Must succeed!
Follow back :)
#25th to get the quest! a new personal record!
RT : Can we warm up the library room? We're freezing in here! Thx. #SMSS Yes, it's a bit chilly!
Headed 2 Mingle Bells soon! Join Hampton Roads professionals @ Red Star in Town Center VB! Is going?
probably because all the smoke in her eyes! #ewey!
If the club pays the DJ to play records the ppl want to hear... Why shouldn't U be charged 4 them to play the records they don't
Yes it can be, when you get some. I only slept a total of 60 minutes last night :(. I'm gonna be dragging ass today!
oh yeah. Lotsa junk in there.
"Obviously, death is something that happens to other people." ~ Shelly Kagen, WS Journal.
Whoo #Superbowl Sunday let's go
My bitch just now texting me bk
The Dawgs need to calm it down... Playing a little spazzy and not enough rebounding!
RT : Bernard - better energy management compared to VCR programming vs DVRs of today
Well, it's on list, but honestly, I'm not sure that I'll actually manage to listen to it this weekend. But ambition is good, right?
oh hay. Thanks boo (;
Still reading "Game of Thrones" this #fridayreads!
Pull the string, and it will follow wherever you wish. Push it, and it will go nowhere at all. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
lol, as long as it's not only ugali and sakumawiki I'm a happy man! And thanks :)
Green lights all the way to the strip. Going to be a good day at work
Just used "Chrome" as an example of a browser B/C apparently "Internet Explorer" is over.
whoa, a Friday with me not busy or at work? looks like it's time for some #FF :D
Please remove me from these feeds. thanks!
Watched #SemiPro and #Anchorman on the bus ride home from Philly
At workshop for 2012 real estate form changes. Good info!
I love when you say cute things in spanish
Judge wasn't looking at the cool factor but if it serve the class of Google authors
Do we have to talk about Game of Thrones now? Because this week's Community was virtuosity on display. Amazing.
Omg...Glee singing Alice Cooper?
! please follow me! it would make my week!!!!!! :)
I have come to dislike one of my favorite holiday's-Christmas. Need to find the real joy.
Just finished taping interview with #WUSA9 about Trayvon Martin case. Slated for 11 o'clock news tonight.
oh weren't you just lucky! Lol
Cookie monster to veggie monster to antioxidant monster. its inevitable.
im completely all about me. it sucks to say it but #ImFullOfMyself ;-)
Yes we do! It's been a while!
Bananas and legos - tools for creativity, innovation and play! Helene Blowers
One of the few Christmas presents I got ..Lakers vs Chicago ...rose vs bryant
Got your email, we definitely do what you asked, will respond from my personal email account later- Dan
I hate ma hair so mch , its so damn currrrlllyyyyyy >_<
and the decision is to IBB CarGo with 1st base open and Tulo out of the game; decisive AB falls to the immortal...Chris Nelson?
lmao why would a couple buy a full size bed lol
I love these PORNO tweets! At me if u a PORNSTAR!!!
HAD A GOOD WEEKEND LOVING MY FAMILY..I LOVE WATCHING MY BABY GROW GETTIN READY FOR ANOTHER WEEK...
a watch
And one more "To describe this strange, beautiful book does it a disservice" Thanks, !
Thanks for following and adding us to the list! Stop by the school if you're ever in the area! We do some fun tours.
I think , the group putting out the research, made their site live last night. So maybe they broke their own embargo?
#NP Broken Social Scene - All To All ... love this motherfucking song.
stubby will have one with you!
I'm not a lady I'm a guy. I'm following you cause said to follow you!!!
damn straight, have you heard break (aotl)? really good samples all of the lights acoustically..
yep I did
“: Pelfrey you suck! Let's hear after the game how you gotta get better #Mets” Not constructive, John.
it would be cool.
watching mob wives with
Excuse me? I gave my opinion? That's not rudeness.
So excited for the grand opening party tomorrow! Everyone should stop by and say hello!
Yes, is da man & was right! Kids were hitting cars.
#Georgemichael in prison? -a few months in a confined space, with drug abuse + sexual threat ever present should sort him out.
Stop in and get one! No purchase necessary! :)
that's probably what they do! I'd only be on that show to make out with hot guys and get money
I think I'm bout to watch some of that on my google tv
You're probably being filmed right now.
Want to hear something ultra nerdy? As a little girl, the first song that made me cry was Celes' Opera from FF3. Old School snes midi track
Im getting too much messages that someone is posting bad stuff about me:(
Everytime a coworker offers to buy lunch, she gets a pizza or cheap tacos. When I return the favor she orders expensive stuff. Smart indeed.
Follow Me on Instagram !:D
When you have nothing left to say to me, say it anyway.
Maybe Ron Paul could have lent him a department or two. But then again, he's not a big fan of bailing out anyone.
I know not of joelee i dont have a personal twitter
I look forward to hearing from u about sgm in Memphis.
Hey! Check out my video of one of my newest songs, Motel 8!! Thanks for your support! Love ya! <3
safe travels!
all yal goin to Gary house?
Beautiful! Thank you! “: #nowfollowing”
Knowing the Self is different from knowing anything else.
Making some major moves to improve myself and my boys... Gotta protect and provide to make sure they stay on the right path to success.
2 people called in regards to my resume. Got an interview for one. Now someone is interested in buying my car.
Does anyone know where I may find a Mickey Mouse cookie cutter?
Woodland garden suits Green Bay couple fine - Green Bay Press Gazette
wish I was there xoxo
Just read e-single on , Nine Things Successful People Do Differently. Very helpful!
"Retracing your steps is not enough to remember the way out"
On TV Tues, 2 shows (maybe) w/ , hanging w/ on Wed @ ending w/ for weekend. Gonna need electrolytes!
you said you were going to text me when you knew where you were going
I think all this water killed my garden >:[
your pics were much better
oh snap Shahid, I didn't know you were on the Twitters. Congrats on the Boston Marathon!
Nvivo qualitative software works with photos and you could group those into themes in a NY minute. It would great!
Madison is our oyster!
Be sure to tune in via Twitter for our Twitter interview w/ this coming Monday (5/23) at 9pm EST/6 PST. Check 'em out!
glad you're enjoying Shark Tank. the grilling product is going to sell a ton as a gift item. be sure to remove before eating.
there is a mmj ordinance on the agenda in San Diego for March 28th. We are running a huge grassroots campaign to impact it!
Sweetie trust me I'm sure you have fucked niggas for less..
I'm loving the Marc Streitenfeld's score to Prometheus an he honors Jerry Goldsmith an many ways while creating a new feel. This is for fans
thank you! By the way do you know anything about utep improv, or even if you dont do you mind if I ask you a few questions?
#MyFavoriteMLSPlayerOfAllTimeIs Gotta be -- Does 'bicycle kick' ring a bell?
Gonna go to sleep!! Happy Thanksgiving
People do to much ass kissing these days...
One good thing about you, youre easy to ignore.
What makes European Wax Center unique to you?
this week better be amazing ^.^
I seriously don't care about unfollowers.. But I'll delete this account, cuz there's no reason why I should keep it..
Finally home from work. Turn on speed and there is the beautiful Krista Voda. My day has been made
Ight Landry fields needs to get off the stage, let Anthony do the work like on that last shot
Being a pokey puppy....but I need to get my story done
The Long John Silvers are a gang of fruit cakes and anybody who uses the #CoOwnaz hash tag ain't got a canoe to their name.
The best email I wrote today: "You're not a communist. You're a fool."
Bro my phone has been broken for like 2 months lmao
aww that suck but i luv her anyway please RT this luv ya so much
Opening presents with my FABULOUS family <U+E022><U+E32B>
We have all of that setup. We went through TechInsurance. DM or email for more details.
#fridaylistens Passage by Cronin read by - up to part 8 and loving it. Can't wait for the next installment.
Has any girl ever heard of putting a combination of eggs/milk in your hair to make it more "shiny" or is just crazy?
#HOWTOPISSAMANOFF TELL HIM YOU CANT FUCK TONIGHT CUZ YOUR COOCHIE IS SORE FROM YOUR OTHER NIGGAH
just remember, everyone Poops!
Hyperextended my knee... This means one thing: Swimmers are not meant for running.
Long Day.... Working all day on several websites. Watching the Casey Anthony Trial when I have a minute... So sad.
See you in Houston!!
you do?
please follow me please!! Cam =)
The silence.... *Shudders*
"Only God can judge you but that doesn't mean that people can't correct you by using his word which is his judgements in writing ."
Yeah okay 'cause I'm the one being a bitch.
are the ethics of other local coffee shops in question?
My buddy Craig is going to Malaysia, Hong Kong, and China a week from today. Jealous...
If you're in Fayetteville,NC tomorrow OPEN MODEL CALL FROM 530-7 @ DOWNTOWN LIBRARY IN THE PATE ROOM CUM RIP THE RUNWAY IF U'R BRAVE ENOUGH
Follow me Ariana :)
I just saw this on ELITE how does it work?
Hell Na our senior prank is CRAZY
RT : I swear !!! RT : Y'all ain't real Steeler fans dog my life smh
Watching ghost adventures
#Music lovers #text WEFEST to 90210 for #event info from WE Fest Country Music Festival in #Minnesota. #Mobile brings you info fastest!
yes it's on right now :)
wow, sounds amazing!!!
Thank you for dedicating noon to #mca I can't stop crying. So many wonderful memories!!
I've been told that I need to pick one thing to fight for in life. I want to fight for it all. For everyone.
That darn Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow today. Good news is that Scotty's Brewhouse Catering delivers all our brew homemade soups!
if only my bf paid as much attention to me as he does to the hundreds of women he follows on twitter....
be happy to help with #flipclass. I mostly flip writing instruction & grammar. Send email if you want to converse more.
Q: What are two reasons why men don't mind their own business?1. No mind2. No business.
“: Can't wait for senior prom tonight #pumped” THIS! Makes me feel old... Haha
Not at Shake it. Most affordable way is our Box Office open tonight ill 9pm tomorrow 2pm- 9pm and M-F 11am - 5pm
Hows the pad level? RT : Can't sleep. Doing some self-scouting.
3 more days sorta and break :)
Geometry test tomorrow
Boston wit the dubb. I'll say no more
So I abandon social media for a week or so.. and when I come back my score is higher, by 3 points. Explanation any1?
Always my man. Are you coming
Can't think of better driving music in this weather than Adele. #np "Someone Like You"
Oh man I am feeling so tired almost 7:30am, the things I do for you kpop!
xD I see. Dude, this game's log in, is gonna drive me to becoming an alcoholic.
So, May 1st was a Tues. yet My check went in at midnight that previous Sunday. The 15th is a Tues. no check the previous Sunday? Qué??
Make that 401!
i do not like cimorelli
You seemed to handle that way more calmly than I did.
What says "I love you" more th
Top ten plays of this weekend were best top 10 i have ever seen
Feeling good. Taking a Shakespeare workshop and a Monologue workshop in January.
People often mistake "questions" for "long, ill though out rambles in front of everyone."
At , Kris talks travel, eats travel, and probably smells travel. Stop by and say hi! She'll find U the perfect tour
Hello New Students! What are you most looking forward to when you attend John Jay in the Fall?
All love is probationary, a fact which frightens women and exhilarates men.
no problem <3
Stop. Shooting. Glove side.
Oh pizza man I'm so sorry. We love you.
I need a grocery shopping drink. Name?
Casino flow
": you're the one who did all the talking...#toomuchdrink"haha stfu, they love me
I'm doing fantabolous! =) How about you buddy? <3
Palm Springs is warm and beautiful. I am looking forward to my 19th NALP conference and especially to seeing so many friends!
me too!
what is the story Yosi---the shoes?
got me all hyped for nothing . Thought I was gon get to SMACK me a bitch or TWO today lol
While watching the NBA All-Star game (incredibly boring BTW), I decided that I need to go white water rafting. Can't wait for May!!!
Happy Veteran's Day! Proud to be a Veteran! I served in the US Army for over 9 years. Both of my sons & my Father served in the Army too
Panama works for me. Now we just need to get Miss Gabs.
proud 2 b a part of Best of Show at B+L Pediatric Cataract Initiative, thanks to + team for including us!
Wrote my first short film. Very dark. Meeting with cinematographer next Wed to discuss possibly casting and shooting this.
Happy thanksgiving to my friends and family, enjoy the time spent together because at the end of the day that's all that matters.
Sorry had to vent!
You know it's weird when the hitters are carrying the renowned pitching staff.
Obama's going to be at a fundraiser tonight and will be ten minutes away from my apartment. Oh, how I'd love to meet him!
#alliwant is a good novel and a cup of sugar cookie tea.
love you too.
feel like disecting my squad again this year?
Nicely done boys, nicely done. So proud to be a WinterHawks fan.
Seriously, The Walking Dead is SO DAMN AWESOME. But I'm gonna switch to reading now so I don't have horrendous nightmares. :P
Finishing edits this evening for one of the three audiobooks I'm working on right now. I did invite the avalanche. Now I have to dig out.
heyy!! hi there you sexy thing!!! ;) <33
I'm use to it when I do it. lOl! But I guess love. I think I'm about to go to bed.
“: H-Town Enuff said The twin's vocals who #shazam #dino”
wat do u all do?we help mentally disabled
Great to see you on Twitter! I look forward to weekly sketches! :)
That thong thong thong thong thong yeeeeheeeee
Thanks! I am looking into ways we can use it here in the medical library.
Oohh...we've got some pretty awesome keynote speakers! We will announce them shortly. Rock on....
Austin DM Mahomies<3 it would make our night.. actually it would make MY life. yeah i'm just that lonely LOL
the zero fat diet crowd is missing out on absorption of fat-soluble vitamins. Way worse than being overweight!
Finally started watching #Torchwood on Netflix. Why didn't I start sooner?
loving the new album more and more every day
And they're messing around in her phone! This is some high school-level tomfoolery!
Congratulations to Brandon Graham! 13th overall pick!
Wtf happened... The season started off well, I miss clyde, terry, jerome, buck and the duck... sad days for us blazer fans...
laying on my couch :)
Lol he was too ready!
How to disagree without being disrespectful. All viewpoints accepted!
I think I nervously shook his hand about three times, so one of those is yours.
Can't wait for Anna North's novel America Pacifica to come out May 18 -- 29 years after Teaching Children Tennis the Vic Braden Way...
Come college basketball season, we will definitely be covering the Dawgs.
Elise Testone will win Idol . You agree?
We just updated our user information
write on my wall
Once people get tax returns, Orbital Spaceflight sales skyrocket. Crossing my fingers that my 10,000th cold call is the take-off point.
Slow down baby!
hey now. When have I ever volunteered you to take me out anywhere. Stop spreading lies
Only 1 reason for #Apple profits: fabulous products. Economics 101: Make a good product and the people shall purchase.
Oh, birkenstocks.... so nice to see we are together again.
Always on the grind. Meetings all day, gettin stuff done!
Hey Barrel Ass, ever think of having a "Biggest Jerky Boy Fan" contest?
Chillin in Los Angeles with pole vault and javelin tomorrow
Thank you, we're having a blast! RT : Hope that your event is great! #Cleveland rocks!
"Nothing is built on stone, everything on sand, but our duty is to build as if sand were stone..." ~ Jorge Luis Borges
- Welcome! I like your jewelery! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Time to turn the music up!
omg that's funny. I agree lol
Thanks... I will!
whoever sign up 4 the email, will they still received a free lipgloss?
I wonder who holds the position at Mellon? You should form a mayoral council.
Heading to the gym. God help me :)
Director of Park Service, Jon Jarvis, cannot think of time when he hasn't had a bike and tried to ride in each park he's worked in.
We agree! RT : I love your store. Always so many creative, inventive items!
what the heck!? lol
Awesome! Would have loved to have been there to see it...
Lady Antebellum's music is perfect
No tv for me today....Know a station on I Heart Radio where I can listen to game?
Tuesday is such a tease of a day...
Parents upset that Seattle Schools is moving Whittier Developmental Preschool to Viewlands next year with little notice....
I love how my math teacher is always absent the day we have to take his test !! XD :D
miss you too darling!
WTF, when did your site get an hourly usage limit? 1st time on your site all week and you block me. Fri aft is my twitter time GRR
Love it!
Mariano Rivera is coming back and THANK GOD. What would the Bronx be without one more Panamanian who speaks broken English?
This Cormac McCarthy weather needs to beat it. I really understand how much I value color on days like this.
why u asking bro?
He followed me also, but hasn't unfollowed yet.
Thanks for mentioning us in your daily! And thanks for the RTs
Duderstadt emphasizes importance of investing in humanities and arts alongside other disciplines.
at DA's press conference over Kelly Thomas charges. starts at 11, supposed to be live on cnn
goodnight dear void.
i hate boyz...i LOVE men!!!
When you have to wonder where you 'stand' with someone, its time to wonder why the hell you care ?
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY! You are a amazing woman who raised a incredible young man<3
Hell is the DMV. You couldn't pay me enough to work here.
RT : My first waffle 'n chicken Bistro. Oh my!
Good Morning! Since I got up way to early and get an extra day, maybe I will get more done. We will see. It's Just Another Great Day.
RT : I'm really proud of and his grades haha Still! Hours later... // Thank you!
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take. -Wayne Gretzky.
Some people are Technology Phobic...
Laying out finishing english paper I want someone to join me!
"When a girl asks a guy to listen to a song, it's because the lyrics are all the words she's afraid to say lol"
just arrived at `s house!!! yayyy!!!!
lost 2 followers..i know who you are, so your loss bby
what's the app you talked about to watch your "unfollowers" on twitter?
#watching spaceballs with my girls..80's comedy classic!
Let's go let's go
You are being followed
to meet austin and alex someday but thats not happenin cause i missed austins concert in ny and he went home the day before i(c
.Ami :B #MiamiInk <U+2765>
Lancaster girls 4x1 win da gold I finals wuth 46;80.. National record holders.. Reppin Dallas down here in H*town TSU relays
Hawai'i's Shaka Soap selected for MTV Movie Awards - Maui Weekly
Blah...Blah...It sux being a nice guy somedays. It means I actually think before speaking, so I bite my tongue most days. So with that said
"If you don't have it now...work your ass off so you can get it later"
Off to jail imean school
Thanks, I think. ;) It really is such cruel irony- being the face of fried cheese curds. But it was super fun to meet you!
looking good, and happy. Great to see!!!
7 screws and a plate? girl, your shoulder's on lock.
I see candy apple dance center
all Blake can do is jump. He can't shoot at all
Your true vocation is when you engage your strengths and stop remediating your perceived weakness.
We're planning a wrestling themed patCAST. Want to hear a certain wrestling theme song on the show? Let us know!
I love stoves with a passion.
A Bittersweet memory thats what u r :)
Learn to ride a bike!
Not a bad idea but no
actually i prob wont read ur reviews till u watch nikita ;)
man i want some oreos!
Everyone must follow my brother coolest kid ever
I never imagined myself as just an ordinary player
I saw.
oh don't tease. Haha
This is stressful out here,I wish my big sister was Here so we could talk n laugh like lil kids..R.I.P big sis Kia
Happy 4th of July! We hope you're spending it with the people who matter most to you.
when are you coming through? Am I too late? Not sure what you like, but I've been enjoying the bbq at Hickory Hut lately.
yeah can you swing by tonight i will have it ready for you
i used to have a spectrum membership ._. i like lifetime better
...getting ready to leave for Dallas, Tx...for ALA Midwinter.
Ohh oh I do not hook up, I fall deep.<3
birth control truthfully. No gettie job & she was told that was why. But she pretty much knew when she opened her mouth.
Fashion is architecture. It is a matter of proportions. Coco Chanel
Tickets start at only $20 for 6 Sundays at Sanders Theatre. Get your tickets now for our March 25th concert
Orlando city is up 5-0 on us, and I don't hear a word coming out of their supporters. Also we have more chants than them
I love driving my dads Honda Fit. Shifting is so much smoother.
Do you have a #dream for the #future? Kids are our future. Thats why started Dreams for Kids - a #youth #empowerment program.
RT All my girls pretty. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
#CLIPPERS Safe Travels.. Bring home the chip!!
#TheBestThing tht could happen to me right now..is to B in my hometown with my siblin'z nd Mom <3
Rusted Truck is brewin the BBQ!! Cmon out!
my pleasure...love reading your content, so keep up the great shares! :)
No my boss just called... Brian we need u to work double shift!!
this is talking about when I wasn't handicapped hahaha
Music is the universal language of mankind.
Welcome to University of Miami - the latest addition to the Ares family of subscribers at Atlas Systems!
When are you going? & I arrive in late May for 9 days.
I don't know :| but we're playing the last stop at jammin java on March 10th!
It feels good doesn't it? RT : It's "Unsubscribe Monday" - when I unsubscribe from all that spammy email cluttering my inbox.
Take a shot for me
m sounds good to me
also finally read THE ORCHARD by Weir - past galley state but a great, bittersweet memoir
ENT: Mass Effect 3: The end is the end
Herd away, man. Could use some GPS support :) "Just herding the digital cats Bro!"
Haha! We film the new commercial in 2 weeks!
Friday is right behind you..it's coming! lol
The weekend is here...what are you going to do to make it memorable?
Aw come on. Don't hate on our commercials :)
Sex | Marriage | Relationships | Love .... What's the big deal? Come hear tonight
Tonight and Saturday at 7:30pm. We
That's party + park incase you didn't know… that's what all the kids are calling it these days
Worldwide, Type 2 diabetes ha doubled since 1980. A diabetes tsunami among young people is on horizon. Miracle cure: diet and exercise.
The world needs more people with heart.
So so true. Did you grab that from the ebook?
I can't decide what's more embarrassing, Huntsman's Nirvana reference or the yuppie DC journalist tweeters trying to act cool in response..
Marc Pincus of Zynga says that game mechanics "will be the most valuable skill in the new economy" (NYTimes Mag cover story by Sam Anderson)
Who can you believe these days...
This shit is hilarious!!!
yeah you aren't
More than I care to admit.
Half of our parking lot at sc is closed off.
Life is to short, so enjoy every second of it!
Sibling talent:)
Thanks to Julian Oquendo for bringing us "Angel Wings!"
Woman of the Week: Artist Andrea Arroyo is raising awareness about the murdered women of Ciudad Juarez w/ 400 drawings: bit.ly/pMTlKd
"The O" 643W.31st St., Chicago, IL We are located on the near southside close to multiple means of mass transit as well as I55 and I90/94
S= Something W= We A= All G= Got :D
just getting a bit nostalgic traipsing around in Politics and Prose
I miss u. No more gf!! I'm gonna come out there!!
Proudly serving Copper Moon Coffees.
Cinco de Mayo and the fullest moon entire reading this tweet will ever see for the next million years...
Headed out to wish my dad a happy mothers day. He has been both to me after all
It ain't over yet. Let's go CAPS!
Mark Nelsen just referred to me on-air as a sack of flour. What a guy!
eeewww careful you're prolly goons explode! Go!!
Thanks Buddy just getting started on this
Thank you! I will.
He ask me i didnt ask him but i am going and i wanted to come to yall dance bring me LOL
Meeting with Governor Abercrombie today as he meets with Dept. Staff for lunch.
; thank you, thank you, thank you, for your great new single 'Chasing The Sun, which i have just listened to for the first
He said ALL Nigga's aint the same & gon' prove it too me just by being a trustworthy friend. . .
Would you guys have any use for yummy decorated cutout Christmas cookies? Have kids there? We have extras...
Food Fact of the Day: May 12, 1889 John Cadbury died. He was the founder of Cadbury chocolate company.
Hm, Maybe it's time to get a full bar.
Oh yeah switche at birth yeah!!
I guess Im #teamandroid now
First weekend of shooting accomplished! Couldn't be happier with the picture quality, sound, and acting!
you turned away from me....
During Mother's Day dinner, I noticed a server checking me out. I hope that the next time it happens, he'll be older than 17.
I'm finna drink some water then I'm going to sleep
thx! only do a few batches a day. I'm kinda slow :-)
Things are brewing! Will have a great update soon I promise.
What a career. When he wears Celt green, makes me want to sing Xmas carols.
If u label yourself as a hipster then your defiantly not!!
hope you feel better soon
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
What will we call #33 K-Tar, Tarzoo? Is the real deal!
Nice facilities. Also, didn't know it was so hilly there. Pretty place.
it was great meeting you guys today hope you get what you need to get your great station back on the air.rock on. \m/
nice work with Alex. I #respect your authenticity.
Thank you for the tweet, if any of your students need reviews or salary data for internships, tell them to check us out!
Q. u dont own ur own vineyard but buy grapes from well-regarded, existing estates—what are the pros/cons 2 this?
It's a title fight kind of evening.
My pleasure bro!!
Haha, yes it is.
I love how happy is when he's back in Aus & with his friends! Xo.
Oh, the old top pair, she ain't what she used to be.
Not my job to come up with a message for him. I'm saying getting torched for 3 days and then talking wasn't the way to go.
Enjoying Shell's in Port A
What part of NOT BEING FREE are U having an issue with?? Someone has to pay 4 these services & USA can't afford anymore!
Irish v French Rugby on tele, EPL games on as well. Guinness get it cold right here before heading off to Irish Fest
@ disney today
FREE WEEK in Austin. Check your favorite venue...bout to hit up a free show right about now....
I'm talking the low budget folks who don't know what v mount is.
Ok now I wanna go home real shit
I love and to poop.
did an awesome job on the BGVs!! Great seeing u and ReeRee!
If I didn't work I would be going to see Joe Sacco talk Tue. at 4:30 or Wed. At noon at Uchicago.
I had to roll out and hook up our portable AC :P
my moment is my new favorite song it's on replay all day long!!!! :)
He Sleppy Imma BeMad I Swear If He Goes To Sleep
lol that must of been fun
So I've been waiting for a bus, hailed several taxis and they've all ignored me in Washington, dc in the middle of the day. WTF...
Ang and I picked up our packet today for the first triathlon of the season. King Tut Triathlon!
you ask him
So, Today we have gained our liberties and freedoms, only to become slaves of a new regime, the control of energy and natural resources.
Goodmorning! My dream came true last night when I met you! I almost cryed! Follow me? Samantha<3
back at ya
Haha! Yes! Divine intervention actually! :)
we are comin in hot! It is going to be fun.
Guys, seriously. How good was this week's Game of Thrones? Still thinking about it.
doing an interview today with scott parker. he is putting together for Uptown Baptist Church. been sweet reminiscing on my UBC days.
that's my little girl! It is cool to this former player love we can talk about these little points with her! I'm humbled.
I'm looking forward to it, Bob. A special thanks to #NESN and the #RedSox for the slot. Really cool of them.
A plan without corresponding action equals failure. Some fake pride in what they could have been
This is football is you want the be political say so I will subcrib to one. Stick to football That is why we are here
Oscar voters are like NFL refs; many are old geezers who should stick with scouting out the best early bird specials.
Its time for a bit of in the bed disco...
you might wanna take this down
#poem Scrub the floor on yer hands ‘n knees til we kin eat off the floor. We’ll call that yer salvation and be done with it.
people on air kept saying you were going to Miami like it was your last days Hope you got bent in South Beach!
“No matter what your age or your life path ...it is not too late or too egotistical or too selfish or too silly to work on your creativity.”
The Magical Mystery tour is coming to take you away... Coming to take you away...
great stuff! Can't wait to see new MMX!
1% award to Howard Schultz, CEO of Starbucks--$65 million last year. 600%+ ratio between the boss and the barista.
words cannot explain how incredibly happy i am<3 finally saw one direction in person #1Dlove #betterwithalbany PROUD DIRECTIONER SINCE 2010
Roasting Company?
I don't know what's worse, cancer or surviving cancer.
iPhone. Yes in WI.
I didn't know that the offense ran through rondo! GOD he is literally so fuckin selfish sometimes!
s/o to use his repcode rozay99 at #karmaloop.com and
Don't even have the new album, and ' voice is already stuck in my head.
salute & Thk u
For those of you at the show right now, catch "Bloom" now in rotation at WVUM!
Get some food in my system I'll feel better.
This little white boy @ the dentist is staring @ me like he never saw a black person before. How precious...
Q2 "How do you expect me to do everything?" jk! jk!
Thank you #scottwalker for triggering the Law of Unintended Consequences. Now the People are coming for you!
I guess.
what r feature points?
I'm fairly certain Dr. King didn't dream of 25% off Kenmore appliances at Sears
finally a break for the
Any truth to the rumor that John Wall has committed to UK and John Calipari? Slam Magazine is reporting it as done.
You guys are amazing talented people I cried for you all not winning but you all are winners. -
Shoutout to the troops that return home after the wars ended!!
==>I Hate "Broke....... Beggin Azz B*tches" **ITS TIME FOR YO BROKE ASS 2 HIT THE POLE**
ok, since I have some time to kill in between Piero Goilias paintings: #FF #muchoImportante!
Help support by visiting the Face book page and Pressing "LIKE" every click is so greatly appreciated( www.facebook.com/Envy.Protege.Designs
I just said thank you and kept it moving , no point in saying who this ...
I think u will be pleased with this news ! O: real shit my dude hahah
should win best male artist y'know.
If you need some good karma, donate at BecauseIcanhelp.com in support of The Epilepsy foundation, we're running the 2011 LA Marathon! :)
Try using a KTB Parmesan Crisp as a crunchy bun....adds the cheese to boot!
“: #WrongPeople ...Expect Their Simple Apology To Restore Trust. It Doesn't. #drMM #fb”
S/O TO U HOEZ WHO GOT PREGNANT JUST TO GET INCOME TAX!!!!
Parked on the staff side of the parking lot, will most likely get in trouble, don't really give a crap though.
Click on the bit titles to listen www.freekshowradio.com (EXPLICIT CONTENT)
Yes, I would recommend Fitzee Foods. Tried the food, it is nutritious and yummy.
it helps when you have nothing after tho
you know what isn't helpful? getting asked ~12hrs before hand if you can meet tomorrow. JUST SAYING
From a purely fiscal and economic analysis the measure made sense doubling sq footage of usable space
Someday I'm gonna be an indie game dev, and I can't wait for that day
Members of the NM State Police spent an enjoyable day over White Sands Missile Range, learning how to rappell from a hovering helicopter.
“: "preach!” haha on my soap box! Just need somebody to buy in now! How you been man!? Back in town?
so excited for the show today:)
Shelter volunteer tried to convince me that it is OK to own 7 cats. I was already convinced.
T/Y enjoy school.keep me posted on your work. share photos. I am glad I can inspire
Not gonna lie, I might try that
' ill BE DAMN iF SHE W0UlDVE WAlKED H0ME lMA0.
First time returning home to the new place! :-) too bad I'll be getting home at midnight with a strong urge to unpack & organize
Would you like to join a package exchange? Come on. It will be fun. :D
Happy Holidays tweeps! Hope everyone has a relaxing break with friends and family :)
Saw at Seattle Center today. Should have said hello. Life is full of regrets that way.
Whoa! Weird - my web version of Twitter is back to its old self, no activity tab. I guess I can't stalk y'all tonight.
I wish would follow me!
I can't stop
thank you! Little struggle today though. But great win for the team :)
Fixed RT : Why are you on New York avenue?
as soon as it's over, i'm heading back to join for frat town meltdown.
Save Mission Trails Park and Save Santee from the Quail Brush Power Plant in #SanDiego. We need clean energy like
RT : Yeah, I'm not feeling great either. I "paid back" my Valetine's dinner last night. Bleh.
girl.....IM ROOTIN FOR HIM. He speaks the TRUTH not the hopes.
I missed you guys
#WebVisions attendees: Good morning and welcome to the Oregon Convention Center! Portland Roasting has the coffee covered!
He got an amazing audience - very impressive!
You ready?
Not being able to sit still is becoming an issue.
I don't miss my 33 commute => RT Accident on Kensington (33) outbound beyond Harlem blocking center lane. Backup to Suffolk.
hi Brenda, thx for the follow! Looks like you are new to Twitter? There are tons of bright people over here.... Enjoy!
Just dont want you to over do it is all.
Time to take on the Flyers!
Aw!!!! It's soo cute...I promise we'll always be tgis close...i'll make sure of it :) <3
happy accident, mostly. :)
LETS TREND #HackedByMamaMahone for and :D
Can I deduct bacon as part of my tax prep fees? :)
On Katonah class size task force, but district ended up cutting HS classes they thought too small: Not what we recommended
CUBS ARE AWFUL!!
let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven. thanks mom
Ima have to give a birthday shout out to Happy Birthday.
I realized that I have a LOT of patience
Just recorded some keys for the new song! ;D
This kid in weight training just said he smokes a dub a day, you too broke to smoke that much and you're a fucking fiend
I'm going to use this Twitter account A LOT more so that we get more traffic. Help promote us and I'll promote you here & on my personal! :)
Hey Jude
I love you for knowing exactly what I was talking about <3
I want some cereal but I don't have no milk :(
Really you don't ask why Marlow used the word Faggot on television in the reunion. What the F? She is not welcome on Bravo
chill, that's my boo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> lmao
thank you love :)
Uh Oh!! I am getting the hang of this, almost finished.
Gettin this outfit wit today <<<< for the party tomorrw.. yes we will be in there
Aww thank u :) Hope all is well & I hope 2 see u blow n concert very soon .... let me know RT : is so pretty!
I'll begin with my book about the three standing stones. :)
Happy Purple Day Everyone! How are you celebrating epilepsy awareness?
WHY DO YOU FLIP ME OFF.
Really wish teleportation would come around already, I need flight prices to go down.
hahaha I was ohing Ryan because I saw he loved you and not me for a sec, then I got his tweet...
Creativity can solve almost any problem. The creative act, the defeat of habit by originality, overcomes everything.- George Lois
well you're cute so it makes sense haha
Exactly! MT If it takes us back to segregated lunch counters, yeah. He dismisses that but wouldn't stop it.
Their panties hit the ground everytime i give emm shots
cranberry unless you're eating very fast
Noo She Said You Called Her An Idiot And A Brat And A Badspeller And Other Thingz
Of course! :) Those are topics that are important but often not addressed bc of stigma. Mental health issues need a voice.
I have heard I have a twin that frequents that store.. :) I visit about 20 stores a week so I'm bound to bump into you.
Taylor&tyra shud be on this year scream tour.
Cummings will be on with on this Sunday AM with the latest on the Secret Service scandal. Be sure to tune in!
Just cuz I go to spelman doesnt make me stuck up
I lived in L.A. 20 years ago today as the riots erupted. What a crazy time!
April 21st! RT : When is Record Store Day???
I would have to go with Groupon
I've got rhythm! Who could ask for anything more!!!!
ugh! when i was debating nyc or la, i should've picked la. lodging in nyc is getting unreasonably expensive. y'all cray cray
Right back at ja! Thanks for the follow
- thanks for the list!
failure is good, tell that to the boss
lol...This is what happens when good actors get bored.
": Think about how you can bring smiles to peoples' faces..."
Anyone have tips on removing the annoying stain on the IPad invisible shield left by the leather smartcover?
Versace is partnering up w/H&M. Nice. In other news, my phone autocorrects Versace to Bereavement& may have upset those who received my text
Im my own worst enemy.
“: How exciting! I can't wait to be that interesting too!!! Gonna keep workin it!” its hard wk!!!
can't mess with the KQ
We've received some serious love this week and we need it: pitch meeting prep is and popping!
I should be following you. I was clearing my list of ... entertainers & dead PR sites.
« Well.. if you need anything I'm here for you(: don't worry.. everything will be ok! I promise(:» <3 iloveyou.
"Mercy" wasn't very good. And the original "I Don't Like" kinda sucks. So my hopes are not high for this.
Sure does seem quiet in Fenway today...
I used to love it but the newer episodes are kinda dumb
I was only 18 when I got the phone call.
check the official blog. They mention something about it.
Are u serious man? How big a deal is this really? He's nuts, there is no doubt about it, but don't we just get an Oz being Oz?
So, so, SO great to hear from and catch up with old bud & supermom, Man, it's been years.
Not even joking, I thought that was the doorway to my room!
Thank you so much. You are also very creative and kind!
haha I'm confused?
Woo! Woo!
as you should! Have a wonderful time ;)
Omg!..Loved it.
I am a fucking librarian! That works so well.
Give the gift of fun this season with Carnival Cruise Gift Certificates on sale now! Help someone make a memory! Call for info 800-803-7245
thanks babe lol
ughh so annoyed!!!
love the bio
they were giving out free Soy Joy samples on the corner.. im not sure where the confusion is aman..
someone go on a coffee run with me
Did it. I'm gonna win tomorrow!
James A. Pike~ Remember that life is not measured in hours but in accomplishments.
Not a fan of being tagged into places by friends on Facebook. Do I want to approve or ignore? Where is my "deny presence completely" option?
im fine thx :D
thanks, guys!
When a boy opens a car door for his girlfriend; one thing is for sure, either the car is new or the girl
Smashed my head into my garage door.. Great way to start the day, klutz!
it's his teammate why say that? Use your head a little bit and realize there are thousands of ppl reading what you type.
Now #tinnitus how to present music in a museum space? (critiquing the "temple of cool") #brooklyn in
Runaway Baby is in the Madegascar 3 preview. It won't runaway from me
I am 3 Follower away from 800...Please help me!! <U+2665>
Differentiation in PageRank, ease to understand, context-aware, etc.
I wanna go swimming
Getting my food truck on!
; i'm not exaggerating when i say, i hate you. /:<
RT ": excites about some studio time. All that talent in one room is gonna be nuttz." Yeah buddy!
what he means is the GOP is extarordinarily pro-women-get-in-the-kitchen-and-fix-me-a-sandwich. He just shortened it.
Oh no...it's Monday...back to everything! Should I hit the snooze? hhhmmmm
Talked to my kid, he said he wants an alligator... *sighs*
Thank you for a great presentation on Communication in the Digital Age on Thu. Jamie Rose was outstanding!
You and my husband (happy to see Man City inflict pain on ManU). He's a Gooner, so happy all round today.
No doubt but player development via draft is a major problem for the Indians and has been for years...
I love hearing who different people think I look like. Today someone told me I look like Stephanie McMahon.
Interview interrupted by childbirth (Amazing experiences at MSR, Week 4)
hailstones! OMG, yes it says May on the calendar! Can't complain here, weather pretty nice today.
Learning about applying dynamic range compression to an audio file. A couple of old podcasts may get a refurb after this.
What kind of help do you need?
this guy on tv just started crying cause he lost a video game..
57 more days until the Brewers 1st spring training game!!!!!!!! Something to look forward to :)
Everybody I grew up with gay now 0_o
When did regurgitating what's been fed 2 u qualifies as intelligence ? He is nothing but a "show horse".
I'm exited. Just need to by snacks after work tomorrow. RT @ So... who's excited for the #readathon this weekend?
No second chance pts all game. And now this happens twice in a row?
God uses adversity to bring out potential you may not even known you had. Stay faithful even when you face tough obstacles!!
YEAH YOU DO!
nice, are you heading to Exhibit Hall 5? it's filling up fast.
almost 700 follows common
Feel like I need to watch the sad Sarah McLaughlin puppy video to calm me down after reading Mean Girls of Panem the last hour lololol
I am not moved from what I see but how I will triumph from the opportunities this day will have for me. Good day everone!
Great to see our friend on twtter! Check out his show
awesome! Def apply! You never know if you don't try!
Listening to Presbyterian Church JPM shareholders rep present proposal replyng to home loans biased to minority & low income home buyers hmm
Great! I knew she'd be okay.
omg you have ENOUGH
ahh is that their Nutella pizza? Looks amazing!
Hiya. I tweet science news, atheism, skepticism (or scepticism :-), other culture. I followed you from common interests.
Working my ass off.!!
The scale says I'm fat not phat
Half priced pizza and Monday Night Football at ! Can't get much better!
Meeting a friend for diner with my fiancé heading to BOA Reserved a table for 5 he is bringing Twin super models from France look them up
You must first be who you really are, then do what you need to do, in order to have what you want ~ Margaret Young
Amendment 1 just passed in NC...sad day for my home state!...smh
time to enjoy the smooth, soothing sound of bluetooth.
That's EXACTLY what I'm thinking!!!
What competencies needed for people working across museums, libraries & academia
you can call me whatever you'd like, sweetness.
I'm going to cut the hand off of every person who says to me today, "May the fourth be with you."
Thanks Jill - I can't wait!
Bitch my tampon lasts longer than your "relationships"
like what
Maybe running late from Fox News interview today.Not sure if it's a taped or live show.
In the Sacramento area? Check out www.sacvalleyheat.com!!
Does money and career trump all for young women today? - ChicagoNow (blog)
Anyone noticed there's more hot brunette celeberties then blonde?
Gorgeous day in the Finger Lakes! Had a great time w/ my S.O. & family @ the Corning Glass Museum too. Glad to be back @ my alma mater too!
Very nice dress, not sure about the hair. :)
That sucks. It was such a good place, too.
meet me after school
RT : support indie lit festivals.
Glad you were here! Hope you enjoyed it!
Hope you are all ready to get drug tested tomorrow.
didnt go to parents evening didnt have time
Great comment !!
I have this new strategy of buying only really healthy food so no one steals it from the refrigerator.
Or.... I could just fall asleep on the couch for an hr and do everything else tomorrow. Smh.
Why do people get on the expressway and act like they making love to the wheel, come on people drive, ugh...
I neva fkd a asian chick
i havent yet gotten the ish ish, however I have shared the videos quite a bit!
Gotta love when your company is aquired. According to our new systems my role is now "Aquisition Temp Labor Category." I hope I'm qualified.
Livingston just yelled out "block party" as Bogut blocked a shot from Anthony Haha!!
if they do then I'm gonna be like aye listen hear sour ass people somethings needs to change here you may not notice it cause
So does anyone out there know whats up with the road to evo Championships? Details? Where can I register? Was it cancelled?
We're compiling a book for the Sept. 11 anniversary. All proceeds go to charity. to "What were you doing on Sept. 11?"
Good to see so many #Sooner clad cars and trucks coming into Austin for the
Like it better you look younger
Sweet....twitter changed too.......
Just returned from a meeting with about Champion. Always great working with them. And we're excited for what the future will bring!
Thanks for the #FF shoutout! Have a great day!
That sounds excellent. I think more and more employers are starting to pick up on it.
Tonight Tonight. She's back. The beautiful and sultry "Stacey Brooks" 8pm. Come on out and enjoy this beautiful evening w us!!
#digitalindia S&R findings looked at why they failed
Going to finish my class and go home shower & see the babe <3
Dear Angry Ask A Lib Patron, Important collective mandates in history: you have to buy labor, can't use slaves.
Candlelight walk in Carson starting on Turmont and Avalon tonight at 8pm
Excellent....looking forward 2 Rex and his Jets coming 2 Foxborough next wk!!! Let's see what Rex has to say this wk about Tom! Go Pats!!!
so easy my dads great friend is head of that golf 2.0 crap, I'm prob going to work 4 him, piss in da cup like Noah
RT : "Werewolf?"... "There. There wolf, there castle." (Comedy gold right there. #classic)
Yupp. Ima stay on this time tho - I promise !
Thank u RT: Best Tweet RT ": God is so good!""
A four-year-old laptop without a power supply is only slightly more useful than a buttered crescent wrench.
#np-- Why... rips his verse
the show on the 20th is free entry!
I literally just used it to drown out this dude at my job haha
I wanna meet Stevaughn's dad.
It's facinating that serial killers seem so normal, It's scary. U never know what kind of deep, dark secrets people are hiding in their head
No! Wow, we really need to move.
I want to see!!
U must fell blessed!
When it's all said and done, more things are always said then done
we love you too. I can tell you that we are trying to make the world look better one tie at a time
Wow! What a season (thankfully not series) finale. Tonight made me a fan for a lifetime!
There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not
Hanging down @ area 99, the drama, hypocrisy and bullshit going on here makes me sick. Why isn't this in the news?
I have to get ready right now thoughD':
UK has inquired
I saw a big flash before it - so if it wasn't thunder, it was something within a few miles of Buff/Ton border.
I never heard of him
Happy anniversary to Andalucía, Spain for becoming an independent community within Spain today in 1980!
It happenend to C/O 2011's wall last year too! It's a terrible tradition!!!!!
it's amazing right? ;D <3
Well, I'm up the tournament buy-in but time to press my luck!
Mad Men way better last night. Interesting how the first 2 epi's circle around social issues. Fat Betty is weird and interesting.
What a pack of shit. It's one thing to not carry clothing in the store, but to not be able to order more of the ONE SINGLE ONLY BRA!
I don't get it.
gosh. i fuckin' hate you.
everyone is good... Glad to hear you guys are good too... Tell Will and Jason to reach out to me
Hi! Follow ! managed by <U+4F55><U+6D0B>^o^...
Thinking about the semantics of 'assertion' vs. 'expectation'. One seems slightly more lenient than the other.
Happy Veterans Day! Thank you for all you do to keep us living the dream!!!
Did Sessions play ?
PLUS THEY HAD 9 DAYS WE HAD 1 DAY OF REST OF COURSE THEY WAS GOING TO WIN THE FIRST GAME...
HEY YALL! ADAM LAMBERT SENT ME A FRIEND REQUEST ON FB YESTERDAY! AH!!!!! HES SO HOT!!!!! TOTAL DIE HARD FAN!!!
Today will suck balls but Monday should be okay.
Marcelo on need for stronger leadership; need for using every opportunity to include in planning
Have a good night Jesse, see you in the morning!
I always miss #ABDC!!! :/
I wonder why I'm mad all of a sudden
Post it on my Facebook and I'll get it on here
and Spain?:( 'I always see your videos. I love u so so much.
NBA playoffs are sick so far
Gingers Have Souls. Im not saying this as a joke.
No matter what the Crunchies say, is going to change angel & venture capital forever. Congrats &
": “: I love this kid too much.” STFU" you *~soulja boy~*
good morning to you too :)
no what u need to do is cuddle with me :) i miss you babe :(
Thanks for contributing to this week's post, , , , , , & !
My nose not anybody else's.
#Messe de Minuit #Etro which I love! Smells like moss and Base notes of incense,orange,bergamot. Think #mozarts #Don Giovanni
I am a wild one. Tame me now... Running with wolves And I'm on the prowl
Hollywood is always looking for good looks. The casting couch is to your right.
Nice! For CSN?
Don't believe everything you think!
O love that! Wouldn't have thought about it, but I can totally see forest green for Spring!
Is our online obsession a boon or a bust? A new book explains how the internet is ruining everything...bit.ly/uqShUd
sounds like you're hiring strippers
OK for Good Afternoon programing go to Lifetime Network GREY'S ANATOMY is on better than that Immatation View on CBS. or Dr.Phil
Always be classy, never be crazy.
We have a feeling it's because they are over the age of 65...
grrr I got 28% for all of them including Paul and Kevin the Pigeon :/
Line outa the movie Hall Pass , "Are you lady's from Ireland ? Because my penis is Dublin "
But how do you know that's really me and not some photo I took from the internet?
What? No. We only have 35 we need 5 more. But I think I can get that anyway so it doesn't matter.
I take it that Senses where everyone going be tonight
I donated today at Keystone!
I'm so freakin happy :3
Just had a mini work out too and I'm exhausted
Thanks again ! Love the fact we can watch , Boxing, MLB, NBA and MMA while listening to excellent music.
Former Bedford County Sheriff&#39;s Office Investigator Charged With DUI
In remembrance of a classy man who's been part of our lives for so long. #DickClark we'll miss you.
Who wanna hangout?!?
Remember that night when you made and me expose ourselves multiple times as such before you'd follow us? Well-earned...
Andrew Sullivans Daily Dish is incredible also
90% of all text messages are read within the first 3 minutes of being received
Ilene come to the tech room
follow me
Swinging on 1st pitch
Muscle group of the day: LEGS
get better soon bb
im getting a hookah on friday!:D
Dear Canada how do you survive without Hulu?
Please go die I strongly dislike you
is hating life today. Food poisoning....
No Matter How Many Times I Fail, I'll Always Be Ready For The Next Opportunity.
9 days till I'm 22!
To the world, you may only be one person. But to one person, you may be the world.
I think writing my life story on a typewriter would be pretty dope. Gonna add it to my bucket list.
We goin' at it!!
NFL Films Present: Passion and Piano Man, has mad musical skills! check it out!
do you represent guys trying to play overseas
no matter what laker fans will talk and heat fans will talk #nomatterwhat so I going to soccer fuck with me Lol
How many of you have a tattoo of your significant other's (or ex-significant other's) name??
When a guy wears skinny jeans that are way too tight…
#FF these folks or you're missing out
"Our Baby Turns 26 Tomorrow" this TT is about lady gaga ... WHO GIVE A FLING FUCK
OK OK OK you will see an my son LOL
Let's go # orioles !
Yes, I was at the table next to him siting with Dave, My sister Mama Mahone, MacDemy, and Tim :)
anything monster can eat or drink to become 'human' .. such as 'i'm not human until i have my coffee'
Topicmarks makes summary, list of facts, index, of uploaded docs & stores source
I hate being a girl. My boobs have a mind of.their own.
Just watched the season premiere of #GandB, I love love love even more now, such a great role model
mind ur business
Dearest One Direction, For most people, you just changed the number of songs in their iPod; but for me, you changed my life~
Not seeing that at your link, but would like to see it. Am I missing something, or do I need another URL?
Fridayy... I want you now. Please?
watchin good times waiting for the #bulls game to come on
wow: sorting by average socioeconomic status of entire classroom, +SES status correlates w/+discussion of how laws are made. uh....
Yes I guess you're right. American possums don't look like that. We were in NZ a few years ago and their possums were brown
Bonfire on the beach tomorrow night. Join us for Zach Wade and Friends. Don't forget your flippy floppies!
looking forward to new Good Luck Charlie episodes! Spencer and Teddy are great together :)
honestly, I see more of it here. But I didn't drive much in SD
Thanks for the shout out! Let me know if you have any questions down the road.
You said some wack things and I was like this bitch CRAY.
that's the idea (tempting folks with amazing food) - come in and check out our space, we'd love to have your crew in.
Agreed! Technology is going to revolutionize education ini the next ten years!
@ the WSOP Circuit Event Bossier City, LA. Booth is set up come get your Blue Shark Optics and copies of both of my poker books...
loved prom!! :)
No Twitter feed for LI comp pages--there's a blog RSS feed though, and I'd be surprised if Twitter integration didn't show up soon
You lucky bastard! I wish I could go.
I think i'm going to start looking for guest blog opps
I can't stop playing with my Christmas presents :3
will def be there & bringing lots of donations...have to leave early...2 lax games that night. :(
We love the new dashboard. Way to go!
I was neutral if not positive in at least representing the beauty of the message of the gospels.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Inheritances are the separate property of the spouse that inherited the property.
Your amazing sweetie!
please follow Mikey ?! ;)
Little Giants is on right now
a good 'feeling' back and a back ready for NFL work are 2 diff things, no?
"The only difference between a goal and a dream is a goal is a dream with action"
am good think am not that nerdy lol
Chill. Chill. Chill. I am kidding! No need to get offended! (;
They will not change if they think they won't get caught or they have the upper hand. Watch what happens to his laugh. NLD Mom/cancer surv.
Haha just got interviewed on FOX news about Peyton. So sad!! He will be so missed!
Ha!! Get outta my f'ing space, turtle!
City Opera Finds Home(s) for 2013 After huge budget cuts and a damaging labor fight, City Opera is on track this season to balance its bu
Sweet. I will remember to do that! Thanks!
I will let Kim know, she will be so pleased!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when u think u see someone u kno & get caught doing a double hand wave before u realize it's not them
haha...nope. I woke up just fine. It just started like 20 minutes ago.
Please check out my latest {Portrait Photography} album & let me know what you think!
Unease grows in Sarkozy party over rightward lurch
clippers win tonight. Just cause they aren't supposed to. “: Memphis will win this series”
Just decided not to retweet pretty good musician advice due to a spelling error in the original.
I'll get it to him tomorro when we train “: did u get ur bozekennels shirt I sent 4ya?”
How does Myers get a hashtag before me?
Take Care video & HYFR video premiere tomorrow...brb gottaa fangirl..
I thought I was too, I don't know why it had me as not...
Hey grilled fish on my plate: U wouldn't be in this situation had u kept ur big mouth shut!
for i'm a man :) i'll post a screenshot in a second!
If you are checking twitter, but not your computer, be sure you go look at the present in your inbox. :)
*or just play Marilyn herself, because. seriously*
I love that you love The Notebook.
:) RT : Designers, make it work! Tune into Thurs 9/8c to see co-founder guest judge on
when we doing a shoot
...and it can be overcome and erradicated by the actions of human beings. Sometimes it falls on a generation to be great.....
god i wish UNC football was relevant.
The book is almost always better. Cold Mountain was a great movie, though.
Solid practices from Farris (FS now Rachmaninoff Piano #2 I think) and Brown. Took it easy on the jumps in run-thrus but look comfortable.
proud beyond measure!
The KGBeegees: a popular Soviet band with the break out single: "In Henry Hoffstot's Bathroom (I will bear all to you)"
who's broadcasting that?
RT : #140Cuse Quickest way to give your business a facelift: treat your customers better.
haha girl tell me about it yu know ive tried
Hey! How's it going?! I'm doing great! Thanks! You excited about summer break coming soon?
sometimes when its Sunday i think it's Saturday
#BelieberAndDirectionerPeace is trending! I so agree! I'm a belieber and a directioner it's really not a big deal! #IMeanReally?!
can you pls tell me how to backup SMS msgs from my Lumia800 to my PC? The phone is being replaced, need to keep my msgs. Thx
<U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> Nicely sharing my boyfriend with 60624572452689 Mahomies.
Everyone go check out They're amazing! And if you're not following them there's no point of having a twitter. Haha get on that!
is enjoying being back home in Hawaii for summer break. There are five SAG projects that will be shooting here in the coming months. Aloha!
It would be even cooler if the inside of my house were like a TARDIS. Bigger on the inside.
Can't wait to meet tomorrow! It's not every day that you get expert advice from a role model :)
thx for the time today!
True life: I'm obsessed with Passion Fruit Greek Yogurt
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!12
Ha! Clearly "to share or not to share" is not really the question ;)
This weather is crazy in the A. I think I need to move to Jacksonville.
Looking forward to meeting
Huge Sale!!!! www.tinyurl.com/eleganlivingfurniture
how could you watch too much of that goodness? Did you read her book? Excellent!
Voter Registration Drive today at Hostos Community College from noon to 5pm in C-391.
thanks for the follow Paul. Will you be able to follow our twitter stream tomorrow? Would love to get your input on
and most of Albuquerque!
People saying your going to be the next eminem! They are wrong because you are going to be the one and only I Love You!<21
Quote to keep you going: "Grain by grain the hen fills its craw" (Mexico). How else do you get the things you want in life?
still terrible :( may have to cancel my trip to Miami
You can't remix Kanye West songs...
lol isn't it boring in Mexico?
I'm going to take kelly to chatt this weekend to look at her classes and see emilee but after tht whenever its kel who's busy
Michael Tomlinson EP Release Featuring: Kaitlin Klotz. Free The Mustache TONIGHT! Don't miss out! Wear a mustache and receive a free EP!
after schools over!
Awful throw by Big Ben
Congrats on the "winning", regarding the twitter followship.
Hart take us to bed. I got laundry to do before the game. All out of aprons.
I swear and are my niggas fa life cuz we bee too Turnt up fa the hoes Nbs lol
red bull and vodkaa. come over to play doctaaaa.
Lets go clippers.
hahaha you and grasp on real world.. Hahaha
Medemerge, is it really necessary to have six copies of the same magazine in one room?
And 1&1 won't let me and they won't speak with me either...arg.
Tablet versions of publications get more engagement than the site. About as much as print. Makes sense.
feeling crappy....
Come get your fresh orange and carrot juice to start your day, at our stewart and tropicana location!
it's a gorgeous day here in Princeton....come in and see us....so many gorgeous Spring and Summer items coming in weekly xo
Thank you Obama. :)
tonado warning for Jackson and Noble counties in southern MN. Law enforcement reports a confirmed tornado on the ground.
We know how much you love our Pizzas but have you tried our pastas and chopped salads? We know you will love them just as much as our pizza!
UFC 136 let's get it on :) so ready for this card :)
The Psalms are excellent for prayer, especially when we are short of words
was supposed to be working out ;)
thanks for following :)
RT Good advice! A5: If the senior does not have a cell phone, perhaps purchase a pay-as-you-go phone
y'all should go to dinner :) #random :p
Gosh! I'm so tired from yesterday....I had so much fun thou thanks to the best friends in the world :) I love you <3
"I really hope none of this is on the AP." "I've been saying that all year...."
Before you call someone a fake friend, make sure they're your friend.
Literally only half of these fouls tonight should be called. Ridiculous.
Lunch time special! 50% off hair services w/ me at Tues & Wed from 12-2pm. Call 414.988.4165 to book now! (excludes keratin)
RT : California lost 1,016,900 jobs since the start of the recession.
your girl/boy friend will never cheat or leave you if you complete there needs
Open your BOX
We found that if you keep publishing content with these keywords in it, then Google will put your website closer to the top
well hey there nice to see you on twitter!!
At this time tomorrow we'll know what year it is in MadMen-land.
Great way to start my week waking up a half hour late -___-
“Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.” Pema Chodron #quotes #favorites (via )
that site didnt work..
Trying to get trimmed up and ready for The Kentucky Derby festivities. It's also Cinco De Mayo and there's the Hair show tonight..
HBO should cancel it RT : What should happen to the Grand National after 2 horses die + 2 are injured?
"To me Gay and Queer are very different things" - Rahul Gairola
And farther and farther and farther away.
you should have come, I would have bought you a donut.
When our gone, the pieces of my heart are missing you, when your gone,the face came to love is missing too!!!</3
MY SISTER ONLY TOOK US TO THAT BECAUSE A CURSIVE MEMORY WAS PLAYING FUCK TRS
Click Bank Affiliate Marketing Business
Let's have a great week! Happy Monday!
sure, followed:)
why? i think the first thing I'm going to do if I ever go is paintballing Tennessee looks like a amazing to have a battle
Don't say it like that keep it koo
U betta go get that charger gurl! ;)
Welcome to the #Museum family and !
You ain't lying! This weather was NOT what I agreed to when I decided on USC // LOL
3D is so real Larry!
If children are having babies, and that is a bad thing, shouldn't that be a reason children should use contraception?
: Users have a 2nd amendment right to use rsync to shoot themselves (and their data), don't they?
My sister asked me if I wanted to play shadow so I just put my headphones in but I'm not listening to any music, haha.
I just requested on Facebook.
A not-well-enough-known fact is that Cream was considered a supergroup when they formed. Arguably the 1st one ever.
RT : Very happy to have a gas stove
IF I CAN'T GET UVIP I WILL FUCKING CUT A BITCH
Honor earth week at Andaluz!!!! Bring in own bag get 20% off purchase!!!
Hoping to see girl with a dragon tattoo tonight, BOOKS WERE SO GOOD, I CAN NOT WAIT!
Love my blackberry, but this shit is always fuckin' up.
That would be Awesomesauce! Atlanta rocks. :o)
The food channel has exciting recipes for delicious and easy dishes. TWEET YOUR RECIPES Emeril
i don't think i've ever been so happy about a biz development, like i've been for the last 24 hours... can't wait to share! its so cool!
is that a cupcake
Go onto the Twitter Web site. Log-in. Click the silhouette in the top right. Click settings. Account > Tweet privacy. Uncheck box.
If you happen to be into free gas...listen soon and I may just hook you up with $97.50 in Free Petrol - if you're into FREE?!
Yes, in 4 days we will know! I was talking to my brother & he said that he thinks that they will be a NYC date for sure &
please come visit me in chi!
Hibiscus was my radio name in college.
At a straight bar.. I WOULD get the "straight" guy curious about man love.... ;)
holy shit was that a golf shot
Anyone with any experience with transcription software for oral histories? Looking to invest in some for our lab. ?
His career...incredible, but in two races I've attended Mike Smith either went too hard early (Bodemeister) or waited too long (Zenyatta).
Nigga!! I'm in there RT : foreign exchange will be at shakas on June 7th with phonte!!
It's light out still!!!!
#GaryOldman says he plans to direct a film set in the 19th Century.
How was the nap? Nothing beats staying in bed all morning!
thanks for following us!
Penguins? Come on Animal Planet
Don't see how this solo is related to the blues head he just played (briefly)
Oh how I wish you were here Liza!! Need to make a trip to GH in the next year or two eh? :)
thanks for the support. It's tough no matter what to pursue your DREAM. Our benefit is that we have fans and supporters like you
lol... Nah homie... I'm in the states
Follow my personal
please follw me and ask ryan too? ur voices are amazing! i have a crush on ryan, hes gorg! shhhhhhh :) !
rainy days are a black woman's worst enemy. glad I have braids tho!
Thanks for the tweet about our event with this weekend!
that's what you get.
it was nice meeting you at Avoce.
Now, to enjoy the break or to hit it hard until i go on holiday?2012 will be year of the 6-pack! Oussu!!
Couldn't sleep, so started cooking around midnight. Finally got to bed around 130. At least tonight's dinner will be amazing. So sleepy now.
Going to culvers for a late lunch date!
Drink all day; play all night.
did you report that before the dr. had a chance to examine him, or wait for the doctor's analysis?
I'm bored. And on twitter. When i'm bored and on twitter i holler at minka kelly on twitter.
"Their defense can't stop a nose bleed."-Bart Scott Now that's funny!
That weird feeling when the guy you use to like finally notices you......
Its a Boooooootiful day on the ranch today. Happy Halloween!
So excited for Karen Kolhass's Fearless Cold Reading & Audition Technique Workshop this month. With preparation comes opportunity!
just listened to your podcast-great job!!
I'll never be perfect, believe me i'm worth it so take me or leave me.
Oh, I agree. I also agree that Kentucky has a lot more crazy ones.
Sorry iv'e been away from twitter for a couple of days! Happy easter to you too! :D
Scrimmage Saturday again here in #Reno. Looking forward to seeing more improvement. Hope to see everyone here next week for the Spring Game.
Of course we are open on Mother's Day. 11 am to 4 pm. Come on out and bring mom.
i think we're gona need holy water & just spray it on them lol
#LiesIveToldMyParents i'm going out with the girls
This is my fairy room. I decorated it all by myself.
Twitter, I did not make my profile public for random russian girls to flood my followers list. Thanks,
" I loved Miranda's earring/mic combination!
d-e-a-d ..... hope u show up in my funeral, since it's your fault i'm dead.. <3
that moment when you bite your tongue, ;__;
After the rain delay, Rangers are blaring "Call Me Maybe". I dont care if my parents are here. I started dancing!
Hahaha. Ya think?!
Making Pancakes.. #YOLO (;
Saw a fat girl in yoga pants ruined my day :'(
Our mission...creating community. A community of like-minded people, all working towards a common goal.
Inkwell is so hard to wash off.
Finished working on a family scrapbook:) ahh memories<3 :D goodnight.
Somebody got me for my phone. Tweet me a number on you
#SlanderCJWatson “: CJ Watson could go deep see diving in the Atlantic Ocean and get eating by Jaws for all I care.
welcome to the wonderful world of Twitter...enjoy!
Finally downloading DaVinci Resolve Lite so I can continue teaching myself color correction.
Tonight Tap Room: Mad Titans / Union Electric / Pat Sajak Assassins ~ FREE SHOW!
I hear bugs getting zapped
Oh how ilove my boyfriend he's so sweet, and kind. :) Had a great lunch. :D
we will be more specific, in the general election do you support or ?
:( i cant help it
Had to stop for my DD Iced Coffee and a Cherry Blossom Donut this morning! Perfect way to start the day!
No problem can withstand the assault of sustained thinking. -Voltaire
Hope everyone had a great
I like waves:)
-.|-.. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
More cocktails today! Charlie Sheen... wow!
in need of a friend right now :(
PHP crash course, SQL brain refresh, stepping through BI report generation software...geeking out between Wimbledon matches...happy 4th!
Tea Party + Occupy + business stakeholders + voters + public debate = Foundation of American
This is going to be the slowest day of my life.
I'll see ya there hopefully
Life Is Looking Real Lavish Right About Now..
I use mine about 2-3x a week. (Tonight it's beef short ribs.) Did you get the Fagor 3-in-one?
#ThingsBlackFolksGetArrestedFor claiming somebody else's kids on ya tax returns
Thank you RT : Thats my boo!!! Happy birthday baby!! RT : Happy Birthday
sun is finally out in Austin....feels like sxsw now.
hahaha you know it!
": "The black experience is not stereotypically inner-city nor deep south plantation." - Toni Morrison"
1866: we find the first gambling and bribery by gamblers. This outraged the good element among ballplayers. It was nipped in the bud. [1945]
Yea Im up & feeling freaky, X-Rated.... Mr. Nasty time
thank you very much Ian
To prolong and internalize "play"internally, ad infinitum.
Not even just NYR fans. Even Washington fans. Embarrassing that you wouldn't even back your own team.
tried a twinkie this am & had hard time w/it. lol
"Celebrate any progress. Don’t wait to get it perfect."
Lets complete the sweep
Happy New Year! And hope you have another great year!
Oh god... I'm in Memphis.
Haha! Me too. I feel like a tattling third grader, but it's kinda fun.
RT : "The Dessert Trail!" started at 2PM. Flying Star, Chillz Frozen Custard and The Candy Lady! Have fun, guys!!!
De Gruyter Roundtable this morning. Mufwene speaking about Latin and English as imperial languages now
well I'm a guy/dude whathaveyou, and I LOVE that outfit!!!
Skanks in slacks?
turn on kiss omfg omfg help
A month till #RHCP. |Take me to the place I lovvvveeeee| HYPE hype
Time of posession and field position will become huge as this game goes on. Pretty impressive by the Giants so far.
I won't I'll be here ;) love you baby when you come back can I call you ?
#sctop10 ..... Josh Hamilton. Enough said.
awww you miss me :)
Come one, come all. Mothers bring your sons, fathers bring your daughters to Rockin the Farm @ Blue Springs American Legion Farm.
just connected my kindle to twitter. not sure this is a good thing?
Break ups aren’t always bitter. Sometimes, they make me grow up and understand & learn better.”
Thanks for the invite...but what is this "Facebook?" LOL
Working on learning #rails, my app has login via #devise, #sass for style and a #cancan attitude.
You're welcome! Thanks for stopping by!
Happy Anniversary!!!!
I was in 1995 when they came out
#FF for some people I'd like to buy a cold pop:
:) that's how #SFGProductions rolls!
let's hit up 24 and throw some weight around
Jules keep us on the down low ;)
I told my friend Nate that my mom thinks he is inappropriate and too violent. Why is mom mad?
Sean!! Happiest 11:11 (lol) Hope you are having a great week!! :-)
Your chocolate has been in my peanut butter far too long
Just spent the morning walking downtown in the rain, lightning, and hail
Google-Oracle jury clashes on one point
looks like a hearty "stop 6"/funky town kinda meal!! :) Enjoy it!
Bo always goes against the grain.He enjoys it
Tonight, I cant put into words how it went.
The winner in that competition is 's Abby!! Not even a close call, in my opinion.
It’s Friday and, start your weekend right and let take care of the cooking tonight!
People watching at
miss you to =P
The female definition of L-O-V-E … Lust Over, Verbally Emasculate
You too :)
- Hi Taylor! Hope you are doing well! -- Peter
Still reeling from all the birthday love yesterday. Major #warmfuzzies. Thanks everyone.
Congrats to my Pops for winning a Main Event seat! Anyone know what airlines fly direct to Las Vegas from Fort Lauderale or WPB?
loll you weren't at work today lame
For grace to be grace, it must give us things we didn't know we needed and take us places where we didn't know we didn't want to go....
Thanks! Love ya too :)
ik. Im trying to be with him but I'm leaving tomorrow and I don't know what else I can do :(
Mondays are terrible. Want to be in bed curled up with....
You're name/picture is sexy. okay bye
Kelly Osbourne ’s voluminous violet hairstyle
Enjoying his perfect bracket for 2 more minutes
doubt it!
hangin around and listening to !
one million two million 3
#nwill2011 - "No Brief Candle" is a publication that really resonated with the Alliance. "Libraries...redefined as multi-instiutional"
Happy Birthday! :)
not me...that I know of. Too much going on and it's changed alot. I do miss it last night I dreamed I won a 150,000 vehicle. lol
Couldn't have said it better!! ": You can change your name all you want but an asshole is still an asshole #RonArtest #NBA #Lakers"
RT : "I wasn't that drunk." Dude, you threw my hamster, saying "Go Pikachu."
I love weddings :)
#Boycottrush #boycottWalmart are both GREAT neither support jobs in the USA! Ship them both to China!
I really wanted of to work out but I won't screw my coworkers over.
....wait till it's dark
- and the guy who punched the dead guy will have his sh*t packed in prison. smart!
thanks, Adam!
How's your day?
Getting the friends together so we can hang out this week. To new beginings
Sleep now so I can wake up to another glorious "Football Sunday"..its MY religious experience..
I use to do this for the thrill.
Were you all at #EmergingHigherEd? How did I miss you?
Paris gives its citizens a rebate when they buy a bike. Velo's are so cheap! Where you at LA???
Directioners Love One Direction Moms
Merry Christmas
Uhm Wayneisha dnt check me bout tweeting and not txtn you back! Give me a chance! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
"We've also filed over 20 counts of misdemeanor hazing," involving different victims, State Attorney says.
Me: say something nice. HuBz: something nice. Me: George!!! HuBz: I'm getting killed over and over again. What do u want? ........ Men
I'm pretty sure it doesn't take 20 minutes to run inside and drop off rent. Seriously. I have to pee. and sitting out here is awkward.
Mile High City
Suddenly, when I click on "sign out" to end my session, Twitter simply reopens and will not close. I am using Windows Vista & IE9.
I've come to the realization that i need more girlfriends. -_-
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. -Stephen King
Our 2nd Film Wake Up! has now been submitted to it's first film festival!! (Teaser coming soon!!)
I don't understand how celebs make so much money while most Americans have no money and can't get a job. Fuck that shit
FOLLOW ME..UR MY IDLE :)
Unholy is my favorite! Wasn't sure if i was going to like my favorite kiss song being "re-done", but I am totally loving it!
bikemore inaugural happy hour a tremendous success. Now on to Golden West.
all in good fun. ;)
If you follow me, i follow you back <U+2665>.<U+2665>
Another great pic! Are you running around Houston to get these pics? Or is the course pretty easy to bounce around?
My eyes burn.
aight Mr. Seed Planter
Never heard of that Ning...sometimes the # of nings can be overwhelming. I'm member of many I don't use.
Yes that was my reply, thanks for sharing. Thought I should still include the link. Thoughts? Still learning twitterquette.
#FF some of my top-priority list:
About to just break down..
Fu Man Joe. I told you it might work. But get rid of it tomorrow.
Watching Kung Fu' Panda & About To Hit The School House #Manee' -__- .
both important traits of any bard/songsmith/MC/storyteller RT : not only stories, u need to be quick witted and funny too!
ok lazy 's b-day is 12/19/72.So basically same time.she was little when I was young & watching.So mayB U R th ...
Wow my ipod just broke
Me and the bestie just got too much going on alike at the same time. That's why she my bestie.
Thanks! Copied and pasted in the wrong place.
#MCA too cool for school.
Did you see any of the overall nominated films? Which one was your fave?
ah... I'd love to know why companies bother having spokespeople then! Love that you hold PR people accountable. Very important!
I love it when someone, sees me, screams my name & then runs to hug me.
Do you ever feel that the use of social media brings ad pollution into our lives?
what's a pudgie pie? “: Hey foodies- smore's or pudgie pies?”
sorry to hear that 'cause you are and you are very welcome
throwing the controller again? Too many sand traps?
You have to WORK hard for what you want. I want to be famous, so I have to WORK hard to get what I want.
RT : Top performers know that winning is a mental game.The better prepared they are mentally,the better they will perform! BC
I know, right! He's already 1! No longer a little pupster.. now he's a bad ass adolescent lol
lol we can have the same thing in vegas!!,
sweet!! Can I eat with you?
Pedro's billboards at #southoftheborder have gone the way of all good kitsch-away. Bummed. An east coast classic.
one day till florida! yeah buddy!
Tis the season to purchase a new pee coat...for a good price!!!
I have your Rookie card!!!
Some people have poor taste in bumper stickers.
This won't mean anything to most of you, but -- the frog from A New Brain was on Dollhouse. I went to college with that guy!
i heard there's currently a job position open in Iran for nuclear scientist.......... any takers?
Apache, SSL and WebDAV set up on new linode server. A nice afternoon of hacking around. Going to add SVN to the WebDAV for versioning...
nah, it's no big. Just another part of the rivalry.
RT : has Happy Hour from 3:30- 7pm with a Complimentary Taco Bar & Buy 1 Get 1 Margaritas? Great deal.
HEARD THAT & AMEN!
thanks for the RT!
yea man!
not that much
Draft day td let's get that
ok well they told us to meetr at 5:300
I can't wait!
:\ I was at first but I don't think that anymore HS is fun :)
trying some chicken noodles and orange juice
Its a good day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
my bad when do u come back out ?
“When it comes to giving love, the opportunities are unlimited, and we are all gifted.” ~Leo Buscaglia
“: you buggin from the jump son!” Q also said fast forward to yesterday!!!
Im gonna be pissed if I don't get my Nails done Tomorrow
#Fitness #Exercise #Motivation of the Day. Healthy food tastes great! What gets your butt off the couch?
I haven't talked to her sense monday
what's wrong what happened?????
I want to go see #avengers in IMAX 3D
I said pissed , GTF OVER IT
god has a plan for you. you might go through the bumps and the hardships but in the end god only wants to very best for you. he loves you.
I love makeup. I love the way it makes me Feel.....All warm inside, LOL
Not if but when.
how long is picture book sale on for?
So excited to celebrate for Richs birthday party tomorrow
“: I need to win the lotto” I'll buy some tickets today. Let's give er a whirl
Going to the rink early because I need to drop off a box of chocolates.
Ive never had so much fun with ypu and we have hubg out so many times.
Is thinking, "I don't give a shit." zen?
Really? That's the best you could come up with?
Good morning.
Vinge has a sequel to A Fire Upon the Deep coming out? Sign me up!
&#39;Rurally Screwed&#39;: On Finding An Honest Life Away From The City
whoa, I missed Avril Lavigne's birthday!? For shame! ;)
I'm curious who has the highest followers to tweets ratio.. cc:
Happy Mother's Day to . Thank you for bringing the two most important people in my life into this world. I love you & miss you.
FINALLY, date set. Austin, im coming at you 4/30! I better see you
Now all we need is that helicopter... damn snoop for "borrowing" or stuff! RT: thank god we have a party jet
My mom just got pissed at me cause I said she couldnt wear my fucking jacket tomorrow. Areyou fucking serious? No. Buy your own damn jacket.
kisses and more kisses haha :P!!!!!!!!
so he's done this before? that's surprising! o_o
Getting some work done while soaking up some sun! What a gorgeous day!
Every time I turn on the tap and get hot or cold potable water, I realize how truly blessed I am.
Hm. What's for dinner?
Three quick fouls on Julian Boyd to start second half, though he was foul free in first half LIU up 46-35 16:56 left
Dude start watching from season one!! This is like episode 6 of season 2
USC will receive naming rights and advertising rights the the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.
You'll always be my friend - You know too much!
Senate hearing targets Apple, Google, and app providers gathering and transmitting users location data. Details on
American Roof Tec systems has renewed their Google Adwords service agreement with us. They are awesome folks! We are excited to serve them.
Let us know if we can answer any questions related to #socialphobia or
I'm not a gamer, but I would still be playing the original Mortal Kombat if I had a Sega Genesis.
this is the my 'official' account! Thanks for the great class, and input tonight. I had a blast!!!
Thanks so much! I'll call right after The Pitch... I'm sure Tony would want you to watch! Have a great night!
That oxymoronical feeling when you are a few minutes late for an appt and they are running later
Joseph Gerbils Inc.
Seems my excitement about the pending oval ball extravaganza may not be universally shared thru'out the household!!
Catching Fire finished in 12 hours. Can I finish The Hunger Games Trilogy in 3 days?
I think the grammar police may be after me...
Anybody Just Ever Sit Around And Just Confuse Themselves?...Oh, Yes You Have…
I got money in my hands that I'd rlly like to blow, swag swag swag on u chilling by the fire while we eating fondue.....(;
"Girl i'm just another bird."
: Average time spent on #facebook per month is 8.5 hours #eHCC12 ... Healthcare providers need to be there
DSW = shoe heaven <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I just wonna say think you just in case I don't think you enough.
And hungry....
The amount of crap I've had to put up with makes me think 'what did I do in a previous life to deserve this? "/
scratch the DM I just sent you, it's happening on most of my accounts.
I ain't afraid of no ghost...
#artpolitics utopian revolution despite end of revolutionary era. Hauntology replaces ontology: traces resonances of past
Want me to send you the two parts I have posted?
Worst feeling id had.... Heart attack,
going to die #goingcrazy & in love
wt did he do
LET'S GO BRIELLE!
Dr. Waters: Duodopa l-dopa pump been studied in U.S. for many years but results are as good as dbs, though not for everyone #pairup4pd nyc
yea he does
...who did extraordinary things, then we can be very optimistic. Madison's breakup was especially revelatory, I thought.
Goodnight Fisher Building. You look strong!
No better way to start the #NoLa #NYE weekend than w/ a sazerac! Thanks !
omg! What did he say!?
let us know what you thought of the film.
RT : RT : Want Phree stuff in and around Madison? www.phreeps.com where you can get free food, drinks, entertainment
I am.
And the blast of dust and smoke, courtesy of PHX.
On the topic of great Twitter hashtag communities: #2amt for theatre folks.
too much of a distraction, though it would be a blast to watch
If zendaya tweet me ...... I'll be the most happiest girl of the world
Did you know? Kids eat free w/adult meal purchase from 3 to 6 on Sundays! Bring the family and take the night off!
but its hard tho being the manager lol
You're going to come to Latinoamerica? PLEASE?
I'm thinking about taking your shuttle to the game on Tuesday. What time does it leave?
randy Jackson is the man!
and any live set is always better than anything else :)
Survey monkey?
Unusually warm weather contributes to a change in homebuying patterns, jobs numbers dip, consumer confidence appears to climb slightly
Waukesha DA: no known motive in Siepmann homicide. He was killed by his grandson and the two were alone at the time.
Miss my headphones
lmao I'm not having one but if I telly-hop you can come with :)
The Mink on Main Street in Houston, Texas is one of the first Houston venues we began working with!
at with family......night swimming time...hah!=)
Is that the sun?! That photo would make Chief Seattle (of the local Duwamish and Suquamish tribes) very proud!
tomorrow!?!? I'll give you one million hundred dollars
Talking to the most sweetest guy ever! <3mitch<3
Just walked into the Twilight Zone, otherwise known as Live Music Saturdays at Wegmans.
Just went on an unfollowing spree! ^__^
a s'no brainer...rain!
I thought tonight was anti-social networking nite?????......?????? When does it start when the game starts????
78 degrees and sunny today - March 28 - in #Denver, #Colorado. Climate change or just out like a lamb? April snow brings May flowers?
“: #Aries love leaving to pursue bigger and better things.” in education, careers, assets and LOVE!
Ah new season of #SisterWives starts now on :) :) :)
I've never been inside one. It it like m2m in the city?
Had to delete some tweets...
“: I come from a family of advanced ninja warriors, which makes me a rare breed!”Dominininja's!
aawww Thank you... Love you too!!
Nahh, im not going to. If he goes out with another girl soon, im seriously gonna go off on him cause that just aint right.
#Knicks can end up playing either Bulls, Heat or Pacers in Round 1. Will be decided on Thursday.
Just because it is not measurable does not mean that it does not work. Just another corner office decision.
It's a 20 minute drive to the #library I need a book, but it's just one. Must conserve time & money by requesting 10 more books before I go.
Thank baby Jesus for Skype.
Over obsessive exes <<<
seriously ben. Courtney???????????? Wtf? Could ya share with 5he group?
I ended up watching the fireworks last night in Bayview. How were the downtown ones?
I wonder what the record for enrollment is?
Me: "Darn right no Joe Mantello on this list." Child: "Yeah!" She gets me.
dessert goes ham
Woo hoo! Us too. Looking forward to more fun stories from you, too!
alright this is one of the worst episodes of the season tbh.
Exactly! The lyrics are what caught me. It's so different than their other songs.
Haha! Brian! Hi :>
my grandma is now a fan of One Direction.
Hi Fiona, yes just arrived in Belfast. Think you're based quite a way from me so may have 2 catch up tom if not later? Thanks.
question for the panel: what do you think of us? [librarians]
Don't lose your sense of humor!
Good luck at the Tri!
Oh Marmol earn your money!!
Think you love Big Macs? The drive-through line on opening day at the McDonalds restaurant in Kuwait City, Kuwait was at times 7 miles long!
ok saw ur mia tweet earlier. im gonna lay down soon. sleep bug away. lol
Random fact #19 He's 5'8 Follow me Austin(:
: Ha ha ha. Only the most #hip among us would need no translation.
Call it organic heated pre massage oil.
TURN DOWN YOUR FREAKING MUSIC BEFORE I DO IT FOR YOU. If I can hear it, so can you
When a girl tells you about her problems it does not mean that she's complaining. She trusts you..
Congratulations #Badgers!!!! Keep Stepping Ahead!
Enthusiastically reconsidering my plan to bike around Syracuse this summer. How is everything uphill, both ways? And there's no bike lanes?!
we actually need toys for kids 2 and under most! :)
Come in to receive our Valentine's Special: Buy $100 gift card, receive a complimentary $14 gift card PLUS a box of SPAGnVOLA chocolate
If you haven't already done so, tweet "I nominate for a Shorty Award in #socialfitness because..."
Dear I'm sure many people think you'll go to hell, but I think you might be a saint.
Getting my results todayy ...
Kenilworth Aquatic Gardens in DC! Those lily pads are about 3 feet across and look like UFOs up close.
It's thundering! I'm really scared!!
"All I can do is be me, whoever that is." Bob Dylan
Well, you've got built-in suspense.
is making my things-to-do list for today :-) First stop, car wash!
I'm hurt.
So true! Makes for a fun commute for all the SXSW's trying to get around!
Thank You Austin for being one of the only people who doesn't piss me off.
I'm the best part of that picture
"Today (day, day) I consider myself (self, self). Man, 63, dies during sex w/ 23 yr old mistress. "last thought? Very Funny
Just came across an amazing singer,
"Some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers." T.S. ELIOT
yes...her pieces are definitely pricey, but such a great investment if you can swing it.
Thanks for all your support the new Magazine is soo hot.
TONIGHT: +Boulder 19th Ward - Radioactive Snow Shu w/ Run Marty Run - 7 PM - No Cover.
Boo. Missed #runchat but had a good dinner. Happy Mother's Day to all the running mamas out there! You ladies rock.
Did anyone else notice Christina's horrible spray tan on #thevoice ?
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.
Check out Lacrosse Magazine on the importance of strength training. Consider being a gym rat.
Theory I cannot prove 2: One can enjoy Seattle forever by matching cocktails and espressi 1-for-1. Well, can't prove, but gathering data.
Call now for a special $30 OFF our Quick Cure service! Mention #Twitter to receive your discount! 1-800-349-4824
Part of leadership development: Put in a monitor to allow you to observe your voice developing
Easy low-cost ways to save energy and money this winter!
I know right! I'm going thru withdrawal. Lking into new source. :)
Each year I resolve to act more mature. The novelty of that idea wears off after an hour.
my wants: fish tacos, a nanny, long kinky twists, coffee beans, cupcakes, tixs to see war horse @ fox theatre and pedicure.
I'd do anything for the kids...even raver kids. They were upset their glow sticks were confiscated at the door!
Say it ain't so! Have you really returned to the zoo?
If you're going to get upset by someone walking in on you peeing, then LOCK THE DOOR lady!!! Sheesh.
Will the Tampa project ever be revived?
ok. I'll b checkin on u through out the day :-)
Do you think my wife will consider a #Brewers game on the radio date night if we listen via iPhone on a patio somewhere?
This week we'll be bottling some "Admiral" Stache Baltic Porter for you guys this week! It' a bourbon barrel aged treat for your taste buds!
Unstable ground: The fine line between self-defense and murder - CNN
didn't mean to put my teacher on hush like that hahah
You know it!
Pumped about new things happening in the near future boys and girls!!
Workshops that lead to parties! Art shows & creative events...people love 'em!
I'm taking a magnifying glass to Everything You Like On The Internet so I can neuter the humor & prove I'm right, you bohemian hobgoblin!
Very Important People are friends. and are mine <3 you 2.
thanks same to you
We are piercing and tattooing :)
We were missing you! Hope everything is improving now!
yea they are and I c them Jets too they not playin around too
Whether called telecommuting, virtual office or work from home - remote working still has mixed acceptance 2 decades after first introduced.
show tomorrow..kthxbye
you would
Pittsburgh has good wayfinding signs. And a great number of impressive churches.
No problem! It was nice to see you! We're all hanging out soon :)
date in april is not set. Meeting will be in north hills.
And I suppose Iowa is going to win the National Championship also?
sounds great!
RT : When you finance your mistakes, you magnify them. / yep!
Off to my day job...
...a.n.d...we're off to pasadena!! still searching for some kick ass public art :)
One thing I NEVER forget is what people have done for me or done to me , Just be careful because God has a crazy way of doing things lol
LEHIGHTON, PA we'll be playing Erins On First this Friday w/ Come hang!
ha! for serious.
Goodbye's make you think. They make you realize what you've had and what you've lost, and what you've taken for granted or what they did.
That's near where I grew up. Was there this am. What are you doing there?
Way to go Mar! We'll do it again! MT : We've been persuaded by to run another #askacurator day. When is good for you?
okay good, but now I feel like a creeper following him. #you areCRAZYY
Congratulations to Kathy C. from Ogden, UT for winning a free salt-free water softening system! Kathy signed up at the Weber Fair!
as long as the hockey is good. and so far it is. it beats watching america has no talent and dancing with fallen stars.
Thanks for kind words about my dad. He sure is a character!
I don't either, and I don't think Bradford is as bad as people think, either. It was an injury filled year for him.
dgaf at the colosseum in providence! 18+ til 3am! B.Rich is playing with us!
Those who are heartless , once cared too much..
Seen my first girl scout cookie booth.. its the last weekend.. me and my "brother".. couldnt decide on which cookies had to leave
Me too!
Get Rogan some lifts for his tiny little shoes.
When eating pussy make sure you got ya whole face in that shit haha #<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
or are intimidated.
I am so hungry. Like I could eat a horse hungry.
Thank you for being in my life and for helping to brighten my day! Happy holidays to you my friends!
Work mode bitch
wowzer! Yes, your kitchen is phenomenal, but it must be nice to be in such high demand!
omg please get on
you dont understand Im huge right now I prob could be a stand in for free willy right now
re: personal training. What?
it's cool
BELIEVE IN YOURSELF!! Cutting through bone is hard. You just have to believe in yourself.
where is that?
Wade was a star on his own, but I think having 6 around turned him into Scotty Pippen.
Happy Thursday everybody!
no game on TV today? I expect a full recap after the game !! where we goin tn? ;) lol.
How you doing, sweets? Hope happy and *healthy*!
Just wrote out what I hope will be our last rent check. Ever. Yee-haw!
Almost everyone's been drugged at some point ...
Abscess in my mouth, so painful it's unreal
almost rolled her ankle!
I do too, weirdly. But then again-I'm a sucker for anything w/ Pitbull. He's music magic.
Don't be a whiney fuck
well I my chemistry teacher is awesome the class has just gotten hard
Dear Twitter, you force me to abbreviate the venting that alleviates the pressure beneath.
Impressed that . tweeting from the dais.
right lol... she had SO many!
She's got rhythm, she's got music. She's got you fooled, who could ask for anything more?
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a step
Who's going to be the first reporter after NFL CBA is reached to get a player in negotiations to talk about it? Schefter? Breer? Kaplan?
Back home again in Indiana -- for the next four days. :)
Happy Festivus!!!!!! I can't wait for the airing of grievances.
Wow, November already! Make your plans now for joining us during the holidays.
haha you crazy! That is too funny!
Ive played angry birds but I dont see what the fuss is all about. You are not missing anything! :-)
wats gud man where u be at now
me too. Let's do that again.
so... Do you believe MVC is the right pattern for front-end programming?
Saw the sunrise for the first time!
": True #Spurs fans will #RT" #SpursNation!
Thank you for the follow!
Not totally sure what I just got myself into. I guess I'm about to find out! At least I will have someone to blame if something goes wrong.
thanks fellow jim. i need a more interesting life i guess. i cleaned my desk at work today, that was sorta cool?
,we are making Puccias today despite the weather ...let's see what happens .Puccias cravers come get your grub !!!!
USA USA USA!
hot yoga in an hour :) yay!
If you own a holiday home in orlando, visit www.villahol.com and sign up for free
Keillor says you learn more about the world drinking warm gin than watching TV news. RT : Why do I watch network TV news?
Nice Mark Prior Jersey. How relevant.
Run away with me, into a world where time seems to not exist.
absolutely loving the new album
Yes he does, but we need to work on getting him back on #Days :-))
Patient care hours. Helping people lead healthier more active lifestyles!!
it was good! looks like it might snow in Austin and South Texas tonight! Everyone is preparing for work and schools to close down!
sup ladies
thanks love, that means so much to me!
It’s that time of the year when high school seniors are anxiously waiting by the mailbox for those thick envelopes from their dream...
How do scientists make mice autistic to test drugs or is there a genetic epidemic in mice too? I'm all ears.....
Is it me or is #movingtomars by Coldplay a song you would listen too, when your high?! #passtheblunt!
We're excited to be working with you too! Don't be afraid to reach out w/ questions. Our team of rocks stars are here to help!
I give you 3 wishes , I wish I wish I wish a nigga would !
apparently doesn't believe in guaranteed delivery. Thanks for not delivering my package today.
Just gonna be taking math next semester
Great new D&O insurance products being presented at ACA Conference
35% of teens own smartphones
Why isn't anyone texting me. Ugh
Nice ah....Codpiece there.
'The World will be Watching' at midnight tonight... but I will not until 10pm tomorrow! :(
Loved meeting with last Thursday. Her advice is that I reach out to lots and lots of corporate CSR departments. Any recs? :)
wish I was there to celebrate Bandwagon! This is the first year since it's birth, that we're not playing! :(
Used to look for Tiger Woods at the top of leader boards, now it's quicker to look at the bottom.
Okay, that is definitely gonna be my screen saver...lord have mercy on where my mind is going!
since they raised the speed to 70, I've been delayed by a wreck every day... NTTA "lowering traffic by killing drivers"
What else could you want,6p-9p $2 U CALL IT, FREE FOOD 7p-10p and Hot Sexy Honeys!ONLY at the Hustler Club!
Do you have the courage? RT : All our dreams can come true. If we hv the courage to pursue them.
where do u wana go
Baseball is it
Tired and Hot. Fall please come! When will I finish recording this album?! Ah!
What's everyone listening to lately?
RT Rep Jason Altmire (D-PA), in heated primary for PA-4th Cong. district, makes huge haul in 1st quarter, raises $330,000.
until then... They should just keep being slutty.
Today already seems promising =)
there dude. i voted for you. real will ferrell
They have lost their focus. They are still talented but not as determined as earlier in the year.
change your fitness routine every 4-6 weeks to prevent a workout plateau
Ok, it is officially fall now that football has started.
#WhatIMissMost you need to do another austream<3 until next week..D:
Im hungry but can't find food
Journos of the interwebs: should I put my twitter handle on my resume? Waste of space? cc
is a fantastic service
I'll help. RT This tweet will be retweeted four times & then disappear into obscurity.
RT : RT : Promises are a bit like babies. Fun to make but hard to deliver.
you should show me how to do that :P
My sensuality, check
Ahahah Yr Not The Only One =D
Wine & movies with the new roomies!
..6th Sunday after Easter It's a beautiful Mother's Day! #Wisconsin ~No one has greater love than for one's friends. Thank You!
congrats Sarah!
my Lakers about to go Ham
why do celebs get tats of each other did you see the huge Mariah tat on Nick Cannon what is he thinking he'll be out in 2 years
2-4pm at Road Runner Sports. #JingleInJuly BE THERE!
I will be on the Stan Turner show this Saturday at Noon. Listen online at klbbradio.com
Brow down!
thinking of flipping a 4 headed coin, Battle, Moreno, P Thomas or Branch as my flex this week. Thoughts?
An amazing Mass at CCHS. God bless the Class of 2011 and best of luck in all they ever do. May their talents proliferate and lift the globe.
Bulls in OT !
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change amid order.
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME
So. Bored.
What's life without a little adventure?
Completed (successfully) GeoSpatial Literacy 101 - maybe on my way to be a map librarian?? who knows :-)
One day at a time..
what am I chopped liver?!
Nice to e-meet you and look forward to your tweet wisdom!
RT Proud of my 'bird'! She's a page today for !
Cuomo says he is excited about introduction of defined contribution plan. It will be availble to non-union new hires
doing good sweetie. Watching your videos here. ( biting my lower lip)
I like Jill but her ad libs omg so bad and lucey takes a breath after every word for dramatic purposes is just to much of train wreck
life lol fail
favorite thing about #ACFamilyMeeting? Just watching you two be yourselves. <3
Glad today went by fast.
I love finding someone who thinks the same way as I do.
Chicken soup for soulless dummies.
What do a dildo and soy beans have in common? They are both used as substitute meat.
Silver Stars get killed on boards in first half, start second half looking better on offense.
EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!! GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!! GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
love me, love me, say that you love me! <3 ;)
It's a Jurassic 5 sort of day
Thank you!
wait till u hear this new shit!!! -_____-
As I suspected. So much for family friendly cute little places like - here! I knew I shoulda stayed in NYC.
Hey I have some lemon-thyme syrup left over from candying some lemon peel - cocktail suggestions?
idk if I should take that as a good or bad thing hah
#DaBears should have a great season! has plenty of weapons around him and we all know about our
At work busting my was and I don't even care
A lie keeps growing and growing until it's as plain as the nose on your face.
TGIF and, to add to the nerdom, May the 4th.
Is anyone else watching the pitch right now?
GREAT SHOW!! That gun dress was my vote for the worst.
thanks for stopping in!
Running a mile and a half at 8 in the morning. :-/
Lawd, my tax bill! How do I go back to the days of getting refunds? I am weeping.
okay good I will let ÿôü know more
Cannot get drunk tonight :/ tomorrow I will celebrate!!!
doing a "mature" monologue only tells auditors that you don't know how to pick age appropriate material. Avoid profanity, keep it simple.
Sunday night feature = chicken + pot + pie : See this place, smiley face...
tell ha ya BLFF PoOkie said Hey! lol.. have fun bighead
mann:( i wish i lived in nashville so i could go to teen hoot and see austin :(
Name on a cloud was my fav!! Spike Lee lookin' young Wiz! Goodtimes!
Nobody I call my friend in Trenton is real. Niggas dont wanna be bothered unless I got someting to offer
sorry lady! I've been off twitter awhile. Still need?
beautiful weather in Florida?? Man get to ur new home in the chi!!! 80 and sunny here!!!
I don't see why not. I guess we can only find out lol Pretty sure you are free to comment :)
Fuck ultra here in miami im pretty down for some ultra in brazil swoop
Alliance for Networking Visual Culture (ANVC) trying to foster scholars' desire to conduct their scholarship through/in new media
I will seriously CRY if you follow me :) I LOVE YOU AND AUSTIN SOO MUCH :) #FollowMeAlexConstancio :)
People need to grow up and stop starting drama. Seriously.
“: Its Wednesday so you know what that means? Onlyburger is at NCSU Centennial Campus for lunch service from 11-2PM #fb”. Yes!!
Kony needs to get a twitter
Lost my banylips tonight<\3 my life os over
Yeah man when your dad comes around it's like Christmas, hate to see or hear that he's hurting. They've been through soo much..
lol that's not an appropriate response at all. Its not rude, but its not at all appropriate timing for a goodnight
This shit is a hustle
It's hot.
That's my bday month. :-) RT : he should meet us in Vegas in October
I'm going to try this--- target.
I ate a lot today. I totally forgot the fucking diet/exercise. Will start tomorrow.
": Wanna get a new phone: scratch here ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ with a sharp object."
The type of week you will have all depends on you. Please make it great!
You can get away with saying such stupid shit in pop songs. Running with wolves and I'm on the prowl, indeed.
Just got out the shower after playin the Michael Jackson wii game i just cant get 5 stars on smooth criminal but i will
He's a very freaky boy, he get it from his daddy, first u get his name, then u get his #, then u get some head n the back seat of the hummer
Hear, hear, Eric!! There are very few composers who have ever or will ever occupy his stratosphere!
#SEM21 Kati Haycock at Education Trust encourages colleges to rethink financial aid policy
i don't even know anymore im confusing myself
Win a night in OR wine country with our friend & dinner for 2 at ! Follow both, RT and use #ANightinWineCountry!
broken hearts all over the dance floor.
I am. Quite excited bout this story. Immigration, mental illness, social sec, gender politics and zombies. What more to ask
This is bullshit. I walk into work on my day off and there is 200 USR's I have to pull and prep. I ain't in the mood.
You always deserve more...!
cerebral malfunction-realized I never followed ya.
It's our pleasure Katie!
good morning #mkBiblechat people
"The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible." Arthur C. Clarke
You are the angel of my life, You were made to my measure
I was emotionally reclaiming the group Band of Horses from the annals of heartbreak when I realized I had confused them with Iron and Wine.
I'm ridiculously wrecked from an intense tennis match this morning.
I can't feel my toes
First home bout of the season! Rhode Island Riveters against Steel City Derby Demons! March 20th, 3pm, RICC!!
Anyone else headed to the #M83 show tonight? See you there :)
in line at Tim Horton's in Penn Station
For bottle service reservations only, please contact Blu at: (617) 375-8595
Sandy's 5yr old is asking for a cell phone. Will she break down and get her one? 98PXY
I miss my normal brother :(
Whoa whoa. Be Gentile.
Bizzy girl, did you know you're getting a visit Thursday from ?
thanks, will look into! RT : We'd love you to post your #travel tips for all our #HolidayFriends. Happy days ;-)
why don't they just.... run it two more weeks? Or, not have a giant hiatus in the middle?
We are growing and we are looking for an independent-thinking & creative front-end Wed Designer!
Sometimes you have to lie in bed and listen to George Jones. Why? Not quite sure, but I blame the previous 12 hours of boozing.
Stop playing the victim all the rime bumb bitch get a job! !!!
Impressive registering neigbors to vote as you meet them
oh too late! Either Learner Centered Classrooms or Mandatory FYS
two identical ubuntu VM's running drupal 6.20 - update.php hangs on one, but the other works fine ... *^%%$!!!!
watching the blues brothers with my brother(:
away, wear a helmet and I am going to have a good time. PS the Kate on State is an idiot. Recap: Kate, the president & car destruction = bad
Thanks everybody! :)
stay classy Dylan, dont let stupid brownsburg fans get to your head you played great man
First day of the year work with the laptop out of the deck!
It's like a pattern in Atlanta.. They collect ur number and only use it wen they horny. Try something else.
miss you both :) <3 I'm back!
I'm at the Nassau Co Commissioners meeting, always an interesting evening.
ITS GOING TO BE A GREAT SUMMER 303 !!!!! :)
I think I might! Here's to you darlin'.
good. I got you a generic Walmart brand dental dam.
Please please please snow enough for a snow day!!!
So many of us have forgotten that the very act of waking up is sacred
That's it for me. G'night!
love you -
Pacers bandwagon bout to be real full tonight
Audition Tip: When you're ready to sing, stand with your feet about a shoulder-width apart.
Pizza in NY is serious business. Declare your go-to spot. Better yet..send us a pic!
so delicious! “: I was just contemplating a trip to I blame their Twitter feed.”
tried to look at your material, as we <3 coolness and web - link does not work.
If you arent him, I prolly wont text back. Lol, sorry but I dont care to talk to weird ass peoplee that dont mean much.
I'm back bitch :* whatchyaa doinn beautiful? <U+2764>
yeah, in all of your free time, right? :P
I'm with you, looks like you need a refill:)
Thanks for the RT and spreading the "secret of the Monday sombrero"!
Just wrote a long story about and #SexualChocolate and am feeling predictably thirsty.
Haiku: Tebow asked to prom, He sides with Reverend Shaw Moore, no dancing allowed
Don't judge me for my past, I don't live there anymore
Thank you Michael Jordan.
its well documented that Hamas broke the ceasefire repeatedly. They also used children as human shields. WHY ARE YOU LIEING???
getting ready for another opening night!
so the other day I woke up late to go to my moms so i was tired and confused and I actually put on 2 different shoes!
thanks for the advice!
Or read NOW in the Star. #scoop : New wiretaps released in fed case vs Tim Durham. We'll be reading them throughout Daybreak.
Do you think Verlander and Ellsbury for a #1 overall pick is a good trade?
Happy July 4 Weekend!
You know its a #rivalry when the fans and coaches need security between them
Ouch!!! These prices are great hahaa wtf!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Since #oomf has fallen asleep, I guess I will too
I'm good & sure
Two things to remember think before you speak and look before you leap...
I wish i knew how to make BG's u would be making amazing ones!!
WE LOVE MAMA MAHONEY <3 an amazing mom to Austin!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAH OH MY GOSH.
6:08 then a movie with the lil lady...any suggestions!?
Reaping the fruits of poverty
Keep dancing Jacobs!
you should have talked to her
#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand OMG BECKY LOOK AT HER COOL JEANS prince: come on we can say butt
thank you! Hey, my dad is a pilot for American Airlines, I hear he will be getting FF for free? Is this true?
Math & Chem quiz today. I just want to get them over with.
Reno's Open Data Hackathon is in October. Join us in building apps that help make Reno a smarter, more engaged place to live
But hea a junkieRT : chris anderson looks like a pedophile..
can you get Maine lunch?
Netflix tells me Robin Hood with will be here Thursday. There he is in my inbox, & oh look! Here he is on Twitter!
Look out for to call into Primetime on this Tuesday at 5:45 p.m.
The #FujiFilm X10 camera looks fabulous for a light weight high quality digital. Love the retro look too!
Awesome! I'd love to hear your favorites.
Receiving an ADD/ ADHD diagnosis can be overwhelming. Remember that feeling that way is normal and OK.
If there is any doubt, researchers of all kinds will find & use your museum's online collections. Material culturalists need them.
these tricks at my job be getting me hot ! Lucky ya ass is a girl
pollard call me now!!
WE BUILT THIS CITY ON ROCK AND ROLL!!!! which in hindsight was NOT very wise. We're having serious foundational issues.
Scott Brown of Mass. needs your support to win and correct the wrongs in Washington. Go to his website and donate before the 1/19 election.
Is your site down? I am trying to access it, with no success.
you could go pick it up
hah you make me laugh
Yup. Figured they might be. They were just too cool to overlook.
you will end up hating Miss when it's all said and done. The longest drive of your life! Enjoy. LOL
Still feel indifferent about the PAC hologram???????<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Ronnie James Dio (R.I.P.)
What kind of number is 000?! I need a new phone! Ugh!
thank you:) ps maybe this tweet can count as part of the twitter-involving thing I have to tell you but I forget what it is? :)
you're welcome and thank you, too.
almost done my hair . I never noticed I had a lot of hair . ! ( :
#Quote2SpinBy <U+E148> Yawning is your body's way of saying 20% of battery remaining RT
I'm so good at philosophy.
Oh my dear heavens....if you haven't seen this week's SNL's Drunk Uncle, WATCH IT! hulu://w/348495
Need a study break this weekend? Don't miss Contagion at the Varsity Theatre sponsored by ! Fri at 9, Sat at 7, and Sun at 7:30.
So long
RT cfaulkner-> Called #Clear they say no current outages. Mean while I get spotty connection.
Rawlings: humanities allow to contribute to yr country by reading critically, evaluating arguments, apply serious thought to probs
RT : A #Libra will wait for their true love, once they've found them, they are extremely loyal.
oh yea!?
lol, editing at 3am...Props for your hard work with the show, I know just from the short remix that it's time consuming.
Did you (re)learn anything cool over the long weekend?
Remember, every meal doesn’t have to contain meat. Choose a veggie burrito and save up to 23 grams of cholesterol and 8 grams of fat.
Dr. Conrad Murray has been found GUILTY of involuntary manslaughter in the death of Michael Jackson.
Tom Cruise and Robert Downey, Jr. Rumored for El Presidente The "Tropic Thunder" duo may reunite for Jay Roach's action comedy.
he doing better
'Sir, i wanna go where the women will like me for me.' 'this cab only deals in reality, son. we're not riding the magic school bus.'
Wait a minute, Mark Thewes - Josh McD's best friend from High School still works for the team?
Are you all ready for the LAMC next month? Quien va?
ok. Iwill. Talk to later
Last night I had a dream about your apple covers. The one I had was to big for my apple. hm
That awkward moment when a liitle kid is staring at u and when u look away and tern back the kid is still staring at u... :)
so wrong. Wasn't another stall open before you stepped in?
we are an online/mobile app to help people recover after natural disaster ,Check us out! RT?
Feeling mistreated, misplaced & misunderstood <<<<<<<<<
Michael Myers is trending haha
Thanks so much for the RT! We truly appreciate the support!
Does the tech in your home know what he's doing? We are an #ACCA member and our technicians are NATE tested. Watch video...
needs alot more followers retweet this here for ya boy
studying for a test.
Thanks! :) It's weird to see how long my hair has gotten since December! Sheesh!
Drivers in #Somerville, if you are turning left from a stop sign and I'm crossing the street, I have the right of way.
sitting by the phone all night waiting for you to text back... And then youre sleeping... cant help but laugh
RT if you love all your fans and think they're all beautiful!<U+2665>
What is that cumraig?
Off in an hour....in 2, I'll be cozy and wrapped up like a 6'2" burrito on the road to recovery
Who wants a #FF!?
My phone is acting up. Won't let me send emails
i know you
Wishing everyone a Blessed Yule. Winter Solstice is at 12:34 am tomorrow morning. Sunrise at 7:17 am. May the new born sun shine bright.
I'm sick of hearing about the saints on espn and how they be cheating.
rt“: Final night of Seattle events tonight: Keystone Congregational Church, 5019 Keystone Place North, Seattle, WA 98103”
Damn -- yo titties so far apart if i wanted to see the grand canyon ide google map it!
I think when parents say "Because I said so" its because they cant think of any reasons to back up what they said...
Who's going to NJ or NYC Next week for UFC on FX ?
Ugh. My pop is trying right now. He is having a tough time remembering anything. Though to be around
It is wise to respect the rights of others & appeal to their intelligence with knowledge & reason!
Austin's Mistletoe video has over 2 MILLION VIEWS! RT if you're proud of him!(: -Kayla
Man sometimes i think its hopefully inpssible to act but i go on with cz thats wat i love and passion so i do it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 so happy
is Jordan Hill really +19 in this gmae?!??! TALK ABOUT EFFICIENT!!
#nwxportland planning with and !! Don't forget to mark your calendars Mar 9-11, 2012 with
yes! PanTone - that is excellent too.
can we discuss what symbaloo can add on PLE in new sealand and australia? 1 of the 7 fantastic free tools for teachers?
its like 9 around here and my sleep hasn't been good :/
“The effectual fervent prayers of the righteous avail much.” - James 5:16
Look at the twitter page and you will find out. Plus you are still on my email list; hence, you should had gotten the email.
#beforeiDie I going tell my wife who I been fucking !
Wow my mom really just told me she was done with me.
I'll try to get HQ pics of the boys.
ill get u a little sign...kindly do not let your dog doo doo in my office.
Do not fear, I am with you. Do not be afraid, I am your God. Isaiah 41:10
I wish I could too, but I'll be working that day
YESS :D I'll send you my bbm pin.
Yes indeed! Cheese puff anyone? :)
is the coolest person and my best friend in the whole world!!! Y'all should follow her(:
I'm sorry, I'm washing my hair tonight.
I want some Sprite for some reason
Every man should wear high heels at least once in his life.
I know - I'm a just a girl but I'm so excited to see what the #Broncos do tonite vs the Cowboys. Myla wants to watch it too. I love it!
omg xml class.. boosh.
I just love making peoples days, it makes mine too make theirs hahah.
Run man. Break-a-leg! #Fuerza Bruta
Jamie has a pico dolly and uses it with a t3i
hahaha go to bed if your tired hahah :)
seen this Cotto/Floyd Kellerman "faceoff"? Floyd stopping Max to check sports bets during interview.
All the GLORY belongs to you ,
LIfe at the beach suck much less than life in Roanoke
Haven't tweeted in ages, so...tweet
-- repeating / cuckoo, cuckoo / the day dawned #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
holy shit I'm wide awake as fuck right.
Morning tweethearts...its Monday!!!
So excited to be heading to Beijing to talk #socialmedia. But what will life be like without Twitter, Facebook, and Gmail for a week?!?
Trial of cop charged w/ sex crimes could last 3 wks. Women who say A revalos was inappropriate but who aren't "victims" will testify
Hey to everyone!
checking out on V - 103 !!
RT ": I AM THE APEX PREDATOOORRRRRRR"
Wish I was in the office for #signingday!!
you welcome! <3
I want to download the newest Nerdist Writer's Panel, but haven't watched Breaking B. season 4 yet. Should that matter at all?
Designing a t-shirt for a great local church.
"Kadesh" is the first part of the seder- we can sanctify the day over the first cup of wine.
Watching Despicable Me video clips on youtube could entertain me for hours! Best one is posted on 's FB wall now :-)
Love is a frequency of the Divine - Tune your heart to Love's frequency and allow it to flood your being with Divine Joy!
I'm so jealous of your life! I feel like you are in FLA weekly!
Sounds/Looks amazing. Can;t make it this time...But say hi to JOSH for me. Let me know when you head out WEST!
I know . It's all just really really extremely stupid .
Management training >>>>
o i wish bt im tlkin about mega skate plaza
try it first!
I hope you have a wonderful birthday tomorrow and I also wish amazing you would follow me but HAPPY BIRTHDAY <333333333334444
Hey did not think that we're going to win. Speechless
My new Cobb saddle and using Slather was awesome today!!! Highly recommend both
Yooo! Dude you were awesome in the We Found Love video! I wish I was you! Hahah I'm like in love with Rihanna! You are awesome!
Good luck HHC's Run for Homeless Children team in #BostonMarathon ! You make a difference for homeless children
its so nice out & I dont have anyone to hang out with -.-
What;s the best thing you saw round town this weekend? Del-Vipers covering the Kids in the Hall theme Sat @ White Horse was up there for us!
Romney promises to slash his taxes across the board--and you'll get some crumbs as he eliminates Social Security and Medicare to pay for it
Bedbathandbeyond has the same stuff as everywhere else just waymore expensive.
did they take it down?
is so humble. She doesnt even know the plans i have for her.
Drum tracking for the new full length album is.... DONE!!!! :-D
Online studying can be viding PDF or audio lectures. It is the call of the tutor. Textbooks maybe prescribed as additional material...
Ok cable guy, you've got 40 more minutes ...
Happy cinco de mayo and yes I am borracha.
Start thinking of those New Year's resolutions!!
RT: " Official AXO alum :) made it with out geting kicked out #proud" my little problem child did the damn thang! YeahMeems!
UNC is unstoppable. 55 points in the first half! Double Ugh.
Working on the display window... getting tired... help... coffee!
I believe it's because American's are scolded when thinking for themselves & like being told who they should vote 4
I'm working on the first couple chapters.(: Tomorrow I promise.!
interesting that the study focused on 1program on the iPad. Working on focusing my school on apps rather than the 115 we have now
Big S/O to #Innovation!!
Well, I was saving mention for a solo tweet. :)
Everything you say & do I take it against me.. maybe I just don't like you :P
and here's hoping does a story-arc on Law&Order UK soon
how was tola?
make fun of the old lady. at least I hung until 1AM... RT : That was hilarious! <3 u Joy! RT
June will be the best month of the summer, no doubt.
People who THINK they wanna be proctologists?? Helpful experiment: Eat half a bag of Cheetos. Look under your nails. Maybe reconsider??
Regrettably a restaurant I frequent has a sign that proudly promises "local nuts". I wonder...
This math is kicking my butt .
I wonder if its fun to braid mens hair
Yes, today I admit I was a bit lazy but tomorrow I have a jammed packed day :-)
Life is just bullshit and unfair, but it's life.
Having conversation about marriage at the bar, random dude walks by, says: "I got married for her credit rating."
Did you get your care package?
did it all work out this morning??
Adding pickles to a sandwich takes it from boring to brilliant. I think.
Had a great day volunteering for + !
BULLYING IS FOR LOSERS
Wow. Nice work rationing that out.
ha, great minds!
neh no one likes Kerri!!! jk... there will be plenty of time for all these plans... just you get practicing
watching #Touch...and the fact that all of this makes perfect sense to me...speaks volumes.
Blessings to you on your divine journey.
oh lol sprint? throwback! ...the internet in Mentor was out, all the stores were a mess. now im gonna blame it on sprint.
Never under estimate the artistic power of the YOUTH!
Please don't look at me like that creepy old dude <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
then don't put her on mobile notifications?
I been off work since 7 and ain't been to sleep yet
“: All I ever wanted was to feel appreciated, for someone to be happy that they're with me”
More concerned about how Obama faked Obama's life.": Turns out awful lot of people think Obama may have faked Osama's death."
My basil is shriveling!!! No. Do I have to trim the flowers that are sprouting?
Had a nice chat with Jane Goodall at the Eye on Earth Conference today in Abu Dhabi - a wonderful woman who feels guided to do her work
When people give me them big jump on hugs >>>>
Time to kick back, relax and enjoy the sun #shades 8-)
I have no patience - _.-
True...but you know the media.....
lmfaooo he was trying to touch Andrews car !
Hey you should DM me I love youu!!!<333 :)
#BecauseOfSchool I learned how to text without looking at my phone.
hi could i get a follow back please? :)
"The things you own, end up owning you" - Tyler Durden
here at ready to die!
Loved it. Glad you shared.
Hot AF today !!
Definitely Jennifer Lopez; her new sound is rocking my mind <3 RT Who's your current celeb crush?! (:
let me text tiara too.
Oh course it is of interest. Though I would gladly purchase a copy if I don't win (I've been meaning to for the last few months)!
Pauly's with the boys.
Kelly sing "every other" line of a song (while on hold with cox). Will someone pick up the phone already!!
I can't breathe through my nooosee. WHAT THHAAAA EEEFFFF.
Enjoying four Loko before the long lasting recipe of death is changed.
Farmer's menu. Fri-Sun. Corn & Tasso Risotto w/chives & fromage blanc. Confit of Local Lamb w/field peas & minted tomato jam. 404.681.4434
Well I got the tricky analog issues worked out. Now it's getting that board released, and hit the digital again.
I believe so :) RT : is it all week? Teen jeopardy is the best.
Lol RT : “: were you the weakest link on your team bro? Lol”you know this.... Man!
Jacoby Jones catch may have sealed it after an Andrew Luck-y bounce.
haha tickets are kind of... $4k a piece LOL
Filling out job applications and watching married with children then its fairly legal next
The irony of GRYP meeting 8' from BEP meeting not lost on me. GRYP is too important to . . . (fill in the rest on your own)
getting ready for the trip to Guatemala
Ozzie Guillen story is fascinating. Having lived in Miami, it's hard for people outside of SFla to understand Cuban exile hatred of Castro..
Oh boy the madagascar crew will never get back to new York
If your idea of texting is typing each message on your old typewriter you might be a digital redneck
It is complete BS that NBA players cannot talk smack to each other. Let them compete.
Love they have a great installation by Janis Leonard
Overheard in campus Starbucks: "I love Nirvana's Nevermind. Hard to believe it's older than me." Le sigh...
Followed!!! RT“: follow back(:”
is going global!!!! Representing the
Thanks for supporting Project Gado
Love the prom dress. Great photo!
I LOVE THAT! :)
Are you a researcher when it comes to restaurants? iDine has reviews, menus and directions to over 10,000 participating restaurants.
Free promotion for your social networks on my profile. Try the URL. trust me its great. BTW , follow 4 follow?
Happy Tuesday....things are s little busy here so we've been a little quiet but I will have much to share soon! Enjoy your day!
“: Looking at old pictures & noticing how lame you were when you were younger.”
RT : Just revisited that album 'This Way' .. use to rock it all the time! #classic 2 sax 4tet vibe
Right now im in school bored Af. spanish isnt that fun when doing work ugh but its almost over
I have booking information for jim jones mother if you need it lol lol
Did you know Bamboo is a member of the grass family!
you are alone here tracie lol
I have to wash off my fucking friend cause she got fucking WASTED and is puking all over her damn self..
with wwe controlling dialogue between rock n cena. I can see the smarks turning on cena one of these weeks. Bc he's being forced
those are the cheap people...
Remember that Tango Lessons and S.I.N. are cancelled tonight. They'll resume at 7pm and 10pm next week as always.
Not sure how to feel. Happy b/c they love me but sad b/c they indicated how much hate the rest of the world hates us
His darkness drove to deep, still water.
But, why??
Has anyone seen "The Devil's Double?". It is BRUTAL.
Oprah for Harry Potter | Harry Potter Fandom
Does Rick Santorum watch GIRLS?
It's not what you got, it's what you give. Check out today & learn how you can help! mylq.org
perk got me bent If you ain't talking 'bout money, you ain't got no sense
Boyfriend is back in town and I don't care
Damn the lakers play dirty.
welcome to the
that is a fantastic discovery!! 6 degrees of you! Love it.
Been editing that Deelishis footage all-week made sure my nigga had a tight cameo! S/O to
Take my word for it. It's not good to eat 2 wk old turkey.
It's a bon fire and hot tub kind of night:)
how did this happen?!? I feel pathetic now.....
Remembrance day.... I wore my poppy 2day <3 RT if u did ;)
It's Crafty
thanks everyone!
Cross country for sure. It is an amazing workout, but so much more than that. It is a great way to clear your Mind!
Ah, gee, thanks! It was a pain in the a#@ to write. No copy/paste for me, oh no! I had to write it all out myself. Glutton.
Stephen King's IT made me sleep in my parents room for over a year
I just love going to work in a bad mood
Personally I think Angelina will wear a Vera Wang wedding gown but this entire pizza I just ate voted Stella McCartney.
still waitin for a john rich / lil jon mash up!
if i see you today yeah <3 :/ rt ": I hope feels better :/"
hello thanks for follow
what's that? All your skirts are on sale for 10$ today? i'll take all of them...
sorry, think I confused you with
RT : Looking forward to the mobile storytelling Tweet chat with today at 1 (Central) Follow.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed
Devastatingly handsome man seeking ice cold beer for intimate relationship~>
pool partying.
I didn't cry, I tell you!! Something got into my eye... about three times.
A good healthy friendship is becoming very scarce among childhood friends now a days just like water is very scarce around the world.
Cool, breaking of the legs! Yes, we are masochists.
I only had one teacher show ip today
I promise never to spell your name wrong again! Thanks for stopping in, please come back :)
I actually bought my shirt from
If Bynum makes 2 free throws Blazers will be down 30 with over 9 minutes left in 2 Q .... WOW
mickey mouse pajamas<U+2665>
Omg is co hosting 106&park yes it's going to be fun.. N funny lol Roc is so sexxi my eyes gont be on him the hole time ;)
I'll dig into that tomorrow then.
Damn girl how you that sexy and femine, but why you walkin like a linebacker?
Lol u kno u r. I bet u horny af right now huh ? Lmao
He has your vote now RT : Will Newt hulk up, wag the finger at that old guy to his right, hit the big boot and drop the leg?
Love this quote: “You can have everything in life you want…if you will just help other people get what they want” ~ Zig Zigler
will double student loan rates to support his cushy college job that is a sham
Want to join our mailing list? Email us at
A #2 pencil and a dream can take you anywhere.
Woohoo! RT : W/ & 80 of my closest mobile enthusiast friends at the mobile meetup
Cat Fact: More than 35,000 kittens are born in the U.S. each year. Spay or neuter your cat.
Today should be a really good day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> have a photoshoot with #AlaskaAirlines at noon!
Papermill, and that's a great pre race dinner!
I will keep both of you in my prayers. I hope Nancy is recovering well.
you are very welcome! Love your sites :-) They take me away on travels, when I can't leave my desk
Our Volume VII submission season is OPEN. SUBMIT! www.polyphonyhs.com/submit
mr fishers dance durin that song goes in thats the new club move
#AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay , "You Talk White" .. O_o I Never Knew RACE Had A LANGUAGE !
on my way..where London
i dont know how to get you to notice me on this over crowded social network of twitter
my MVP vote is for that furry coat your wearing, everybody got a glimpse on national tv!
In a month, we'll have all but forgotten about Seau. It will be time for mini camps. The beast needs to be fed. And I'm one of the feeders.
sorry "the pez" is over and were making digorno and I'm not allowed to go anywhere
he's to old for you
#LastTimeIChecked, you haven't asked me out, therefore I'm single, therefore I can do WHATEVER the FUCK I want. <U+270C>
Sex is the safest tranquilizer in the world. IT IS 10 TIMES MORE EFFECTIVE THAN VALIUM.
Shout out to Doing big things!
I cannot wait to see you on the next episode of Punk'd it's going to be great!
i graduate before you ! yay lol
I was at the party last night.
Jim, real traders can admit to being wrong and your as real as they come, keep trading strong my man!
going to see the woman in black, wish my baby was coming with me thou. waahhhhhh.
Not feeling well
mind. blown.
Thanks for sharing my post on A/B testing!
I got played. Its all good tho
Sleep.... Good for the body, great for the mind, a necessity for the soul. Tomorrow is a new day w new and endless possibilities! Gnite
"Can someone turn the house lights up? Somebody backstage is going FUCK, FUCK." --Kevin Spacey. I only tweet what's said onstage.
Life on campus was really funny :D ahha
Thanks for the hospitality and great tour. I'm uploading video to to be edited right now!
Sites today! So excited!!!
they focus on how pretty Cloud and (which is creepy weird since they aren't real characters) are or how bad ass they are. Ya
The NBA has gone down hill since they started letting soccer players play. #wnba has more dudes in it.
Well I feel sorry for you! But we have dress code. The dresses or skirts have to be below your knees. But none follows it
That was my nigga! No bull IMISS HER :(
Love my chicken from popeyes
RT Feeling pretty good about my 15-1 prediction.
“Your work is to discover your work and then, with all your heart, to give yourself to it.” – Buddha
No problem. Gotta support.
just got your books guys!
Was Matsuzaka ever a strikeout pitcher? His nickname doesn't seem to fit his style.
jelly babies?:0
cracks me up That Man is Funny as hell. Macaveli Chitown in the building
about to watch a movie with my friend jennifer
See you then cuz! :-) : I hope you had a good time little cuz, miss you, I will meet her in June."
People are attracted to different things. Typically, the big 3 are: Money, Attention, and Impact.
That's a great quote. Any wisdom I have has a lotta swearing.
Congrats RT": I just got my keys to my apt and signed my lease...!! How excited am I???"
Are you at PDT?! I love that place!
and your a bit a old for 16 and pregnant. haha. you just want kids dont you?
": What is meant for you will be yours. It’s only a matter of time. #TLS"
What do you use?
Expecting old mindsets to blow up: It's #socialmedia day at #kipcamp. High-energy sessions with ,
lol OH those tights.
Types of #entrepreneurs by - Tinkerer, Life Styler, Athlere & Suicide
Yes! We are, "Dan Approved!" and much appreciated, it was a surprise when I woke up.
to build something better.
Mom iz taking us on errand run. Arooooo!!
GM and right back at cha
Yeah Karma can be a bitch to man.
Sam Bradford has to love not getting a stud receiver.
~ So exciting! Congratulations!
I Lo<U+0475>e it when you
is that how you like it? Oh?
I can't stop thinking about you; crack a smile and I just can't lose. #np (;
Numbers too big to ignore MT : 80% prefer social sign-in; leads to 10-50% increase in conversion rate via
LOL yah u got the wrong dani d.
Soon as my munchkins go to sleep im making me some breakfast. Eggs,sausage,and toast. Hm. Cant wait.
My hand hurts from opening so many direct mail contributions for Jeff Fitzgerald's campaign
well I ain't allowed to do nothing and I'm sick of being BORED
that's all you probably care about
Aww you are the sweetest! Thank you I love you!!
what's going on hows everything going for u
I'm thinking me and you need a Nandos date ASAP!
There are many things I can live without but this is something that if I don't get I will have a major breakdown #gottahaveit haha
This is a link-testing tweet.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Crest Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
after such awesome displays of appreciation, are you sure you want today to be your last day teaching?
-- thanks Lisa! Looking forward to re-connecting on #ConnectGens when I am back from
Hopefully soon! We're having some issues unifying profiles with our old CMS, and some other new platform issues.
. brunch in #DC is like "if you give a mouse a cookie" but with #cocktails. Then you realize it is 7pm.
I cough once and my parents are like "YOU ARENT MISSING SCHOOL TOMORROW!"
Not feeling well D:
Vega is looking forward to partnering with marketing/public relations and social media providers.
Starving in class. Somebody bring me some lunch please.
Floyd Mayweather? Let him serve his time. Send him to jail.
Last night..on my buidling's roof I saw a group of middle school kids drinking 40s and smoking weed. MLINY
May the 4th be with you.
True and honest change starts within. Don't look outside for answers, as everything lays within you.
the word abbreviated should be abbreviated
Jaylin seriously stop. your trying to back yourself up & protect yourself with bible verses instead of taking the convo to heart
come see me I miss you wahhhh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Can people really JUST FUCK without catching feelings???????
I just went on and then went to the site they directed me to but did nto see the offer???
Yes (nice job , quick to the draw).
some good tv tho had me yellin at the tv and shyyyt lol
Thanks to all the museum partner who attended the Balboa Park Commons meeting today, collection projects moving forward!
Thank you again for the Pre Calculus notes.
If u believe it... u can achieve it!
so random
Thanks! The researchers did all the hard work. Read the full report if you get a chance. It's very interesting.
I've noticed that I'm not getting as many emails as usual...
If we don't get Yu we get fielder, right?
hot box it :)
Actually, paintings form one of the larger genre nodes, but despite a mini essay or two by Man Ray or Moholy-Nagy, not much writing
YOU WILL DIE IN YOUR SLEEP
*kiss* RT : kiss my lion
Can you tell me what he did?!?! I feel so lost and late!! And no one will tell me!!
New table this time maybe luck will change. Ready to start with 25-50 blinds and 10K starting stack
good luck :)
I'm too excited sis!
so gloomy and cold out today! well i guess thats what you get for living in buffalo..
There's hope. RT : Yay! After much persistence, I was able to buy tickets online.
Tearing me apart but you dont see
You dont fall into this category Chris. A. youre freakin hysterical and B. you already have tons of fans *see A. #forgiveness?
You were up against Salsa Fiesta and the last weekend at the State Fair...T Mobile sales hardly sound exciting after that
A sarcastic thumbs-up is a good substitute for the middle finger.
The CDC reports that one fourth of U.S. adults 65 and older have lost all of their teeth. Preventive care can help avoid this.
Uh... A what? The O and I are too close together apparently. ;-)
...Sagardi cider house in Barri Gotic for cider and tapas, and Passeig del Born (for drinks and dinner) on your list!
Hangin w Danny Carey... on my way to a rehursal Now...
SPRING FLING SPEICAL ~ 30% OFF ALL Classes! + A FREE Airbrush Machine (exp - May 31, 2012)
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves
BlogWorld and Partner to Offer Airport Shuttle Service to Attendees! bit.ly/qBEy9W
new head coach! Chuck Pagano!!
Aw, thank you! Part II will be up some time this week -- nitty gritty cataloging nerdiness.
Even Stevie knows a bunch of drunk rich white people can't keep a beat by clapping.
Gods time absolutely is the best time
We're also welcoming our new board at this Saturday's chapter meeting!
I will be up at Penn State for the Ohio State game this fall. Anyone want to join me?
The way to sucess is failer! Most great leaders will tell u that it is in your failers that you learn what not 2 do! Just don't stay down.
Going to see at the Idaho Chapter of the annual meeting. Learning about the influence of Aldo Leopold!
and the bjqueen title cums back to me!
hi Ross! Nice to c u! Oliver Pesch will update on #SUSHI 2morrow in the #niso pres at #erl12...we'll post on our site
good morning [;
Me? I don't chase rabbits--I pull them out of my hat.
Everyone on staff at the Women's Fund of Central IN has been involved in Girl Scouts. #GSAlumnae are changing the world!
One Bourbon, One Scotch, One Beer.
#FF thanks for the tip
Absolutely!!! It was my pleasure.
#GOODMORNING!! Enjoy your day today and remember... it's a #tuesday...that means tacos are a mandatory lunch...
I'm not gonna lie, but one of my biggest fears is the dentist, i cannot trust one soul near my teeth.
Kipp76 I picked up a growler of Graham Cracker Porter from new brewery Denver Beer Co. this morning.
I want some BBQ. I want it right now. M!
MT : Attending #STExpo12? Come hang out at on the day before, 5/2 at 9:00pm for Apps & Drink Specials!
Wish I was at #NikeClinicVegas!
Wow. What an up and down couple innings. Win!
lol me fucked up? Lol no. Just sometimes you be actin flaw and it makes me mad
TRIPPY! “: After reading this tweet you will realize that the the brain doesn't recognize a second "the".”
Hehehe, me either. I have no clue ...
nice people at #TEDxDU but missing the mark so far, last speaker felt more like an advertorial than any new info
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives
types of tea
Carb Lovers Diet day 1: blueberry oat pancakes with maple yogurt. Saw it on the TODAY Show, yum!
who's the guy on your pic? Is that you, totally gorges!!
OH that looks painful :( <3
How was dinner on Saturday? What did you have?
I'm waiting for somebody to say "Fuck you, Dane Cook's Vicious Circle is a comedic classic."
Some people just need to grow up.
Black Sabbath returns!! Fantastic day in the world of music!
Getting the info to finish my last Genetics assignment!!
WTF WHERE DO YOU GET THESE PICTURES FROM
Now the half/whole scale is a cool Altered scale with a nat 13. Use over Dom7 chords!! Nasty!
Of course, I almost called it POINT BREAK a minute ago. That would awesome if there was a French version. Surfing in Cote de Lumiere? Yeah.
Beck is promising a miracle at his rage rally. Unless it's God turning Beck into a pillar of salt, I won't be impressed.
We're not Geeks, We're experts! Call 404-702-2865!
stop your making me sad!
Believe it or not I watch your online news stories more than I watch the local news combined.
me neither girl, me neither
Yesterday was nice.
you guys are gonna do great! Good luck tomorrow :). I'll be there Saturday!
just when I thought that I had seen every scary movie concept ever. Cabin In The Woods just changed that.
I wish I could be watching this great #Brewers game today! Stuck at work and not being televised!
Hey Kiko,are you looking for any new production at this time?
Just made it to twitter. Looks like I'm a little behind in the pop culture! Just got home from #Passion2012 and it was Amazing! :)
About 50.1% of the voters going completely insane!
Wow. This isnt the moment to waist time Kobe -.-
Congrats on ur win today against the Dolphins :)...now WWE Hell in the Cell....#TeamCenation!
own, sorry :P i need a lift to the florist and to levain, can?
Pokatok in Pasadena next Saturday.
are you going to cover the #UAWOW rallies across the country today to stop the GOP's #WarOnWomen ?
RIP Ben Gazarra, "Buffalo 66" and "killing of a Chinese Bookie"---real deal
#natediaz with the double bird! Quickly followed by some nasty combinations.
Well...wonder what this could be. RT : More big news for the program!!!!?
lil Wayne is so ass now... I dont even click on his shit if he drops a new song best rapper right now freal
I am finishing the last song on my new CD due out later this year. People have no idea how many hours go into a 3 minute song.
"I said no to drugs But they just wouldn't listen"
My foresight says partying in Miami until 7am + not having anything to wear to a 2pm wedding was a mistake.
I had to set up for the stupid neighborhood garage sale -.-
Hahahaha.....yeah....I know EXACTLY what you mean...
Just watched on w/ & NE 1 else feel Parazit guys avoided reality of being US funded?
My universe will never be the same<3
A3 Bondi Beach all the way
all that accomplishment hidden away, haha. But you display your knowledge anyway :-)
will check them out
Update your availability so contacts know if you are available or away
like , "Wtf , Idnt even care ab that . Then she was like ohh ok. then i was like yea . then she gone say and how ashli
get up and dust off your shoulders. it happens to the best of us.
I'm goign thru the Ed Dale 30 Day Challenge...anyone else every used it. Very cool!
who all there?
600 & something people have seen you shake your ass on the video for niall ! How do you feel brah ? ;D
Who's still up?!
Thanks for last night everyone! We'll be posting links to our older work later on today
Had a meeting with a PR guy about my book. He was extremely enthusiastic. Of course, he's paid to be enthusiastic. I think he was high, too.
Two wrongs are only the beginning.
Here celebrating my little cousins birthday. So happy :)
Never #cook when you're not in the #kitchen!!!
So glad!
#askharry im asking some clever questions, if i do say so myself. Favorite memory with the boys?
papa don't preach!
Who else still thinks they have super powers, but they just don't know how to activate them yet? ;)
Fair warning though, lots of cursing....
So hungry! I just keep thinking about those Easter leftovers in the fridge at home. Yum!!
Just wow!
Following. They better be super cute, and have great hair and winning smiles. Also, make sure one of them isn't evil.
gets props from Terri Cohn for her "After Vermeer" self-portrait. fam rocks.
Lmmfaooooooooooo!!!!!!! ": Man, that chick is ridiculous! I'd ruin her life, because I would keep her pregnant!"
I believe in u. I always have and I always will <3
Thanks so much for following me back! :)
Charlie Sheen !!!!!
I need me a pair
As always.. such great tips!
Good morning texts. Kisses on the forehead. Hand holding. Long walks. Hard goodbyes. I miss you. I love you. <U+2665>
it's writing season!
aww love you too lil sweetness.
thanks for the follow my man.
well done!
u the lil homie man i cant take yo money
#Podhbcu excited to hear Bob Boice – can't believe I forgot to bring paper to this conference! Thanks to James Rhem and Bill Burke for some
my kids are very concerned about Dynamo's fate. Let me know what you hear :)
Mavs Fever has spread to Italy. No wonder it's so hot in Dallas.
working hard on #believe?(;
#coremedia in #sanantonio would love you to swing by & see what we're all about. Come see us.
God is good.. All the time!! JOEL 3:10!
Artists and Brands has remade classic Hip Hop songs with local Hip Hop artists for Big Mac and McDonald's! Catch the McDonald's! spot on TV!
Rest in peace Mike Owens. You'll never be forgotten.
on #Mariners ownership and why it COULD be a good time to sell. NWST w/ 930pm , 11pm KONG 6/16
Hey Darlins i need to know who is volunteering for Run for Cover Sunday. please message me!!
I think it's his girlfriend that is old enough to be his mom
great stuff and very timely. i think i grew some brain cells after reading it. i will share with DePaul folk.
I saw your face.. omg -.- beatt !
Morton's for Your Holidays! It's never too early to start planning! Morton's is perfect for Christmas parties, office celebrations and h…
Amazing to see all of the military people fawning over President Obama at Tinker AFB, know how badly he wants to cut them to nothing...
Mitchell gets standing ovation for speech
Had a great time today chatting with Cheri Lawson at WNKU! <3 Moriah
:) did u watch the new episode of kickin it it was so funny ..!!
so snobby and high maintenance.
shit I know I'd be on the next thing smokin for real.
somebody follow me and my girl kayla
I also got Canelo. Can't go wrong with anyone that has red hair freckles.
Annual neighborhood #YardSale tomorrow! I'm set and ready, Just finished 's book
Belated thanks for the #FF...hope all is well...
i like big.
Woo. Bout to be a fun night!
A pile of paper in the stairwell. Not quite as dramatic as a chair. But yeah, I think everything is fine now
s/o to Nice to meet you at the video shoot.
Bulls chillin at the top spot.. #CHICAGO We on one
don't call him babe. You don't even like him.
Leaving this life is harder for some than others. Pain is temporary. U are strong! Love u grandpa
hm... I wonder if Dayton will call for a Viking special session around Thanksgiving time?
like it.
That was totally going through my head tonight.
Businesses in Miami! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Contact us!
too funny. everyone owned by a dog can relate to this!
Just got home from Yuletide show :)! And I did pretty good! Well wish me luck again tomorrow cause we have to play for the whole school :/!
“: So what we go camping, so what we don't sleep, we're just havin fun, we don't care who sees. #partylikeits2012” LUV IT
Swag.me.the fuck.Out.
Christians will live as travel agents or tour guides. The 1st tells others but never experiences. The 2nd leads others where they have been.
Bro's free wifi skim went from "C Link" to "Don't Ask Stupid Questions" and is now locked.
Finally, a day to relax a little. Hanging at the hotel in Chicago while is at #SOBCon. Had loads of fun last night, more tonight!
because the grenades are so expensive
good luck! I'll be watching it on
Stanford win only helps Oregon's chances to get back to the Natty.
How to choose #autism learning apps 4 your child: List UR target areas, read reviews before download, customize 4 UR child's ability
you know how fans used to call Zito and Vlad the "Mariner killer?" Raul has to be new one
Stay safe man RT : Y is it everywhere I go these deadly tornadoes follow me!!!! Wtf
Qk shoves I call with kk flop is 9 high the guy hits running queens. Lol.
Thank you for the retweet, have a great evening
What does "having it all" mean to you?
You should watch Extreme Couponing!! They stock pile! They have a separate room for all of their stuff!! It
Thanks for the RT. Not taking in enough shows to blog about? It's been a while for me...
well all I really care about is next weeks champions league finals and that it's all
sadly I didn't :( when you came to Boston on the WTPT I waisted outside 2 hours cause I wasn't allowed back in after I went out
Don't know if you remember Harry's weird obsession with Mel Torme on "Night Court." What was that all about?
Here's what I do: "hero-making iconography: it's not just for killers anymore."
Yes, discounts for bulk orders. Contact us at
Samuel R. Delany is okay in my book.
So You Can Download Music At #CHURCHCLOTHES .Com ?
I got a million ways to get. Choose one. Ayee bring it back. I'll double && make it a stack... Hmm something like that.(:
Merry Christmas everybody!
The guy at the DMV doesn't want me to smile in my driver's license photo. Well great news, jackass, happiness will not be getting in the way
I'm still gonna hate Zack Efron regardless. No research necessary.
can you please follow me aaron when you get this ok please i will be happy im a big fan of you just please om buddy see ya
here here but u said might. U are, take it claim it
has to be haha looks big!
#digitalindia Rajan discussing ITHAKA S&R "Unlocking the Gates"
i definitely love how the first thing i see when i look at your profile is "fuck people" :D
At my fifth stanford graduation...finally, hal is a doctor!
I heard the real designer for the Air Yeezy II was haters gonna hate
I experienced this more than once. stories were rejected due to non-atx artists. (my show, not my story).
back to normal tomorrow. All is well in the Matrix.
RT Girl: I'm not hungry I'm just watching my shape #whatimreallysaying is man I'm fat as hell! "Lol, so true"
Watchmaker, teach me the ways. I want to learn the secrets and the sciences of seconds, The methods to dull my ears to the sound.
is introducing the panelists from
Hey Tim, thanks for the RT. Have a great day!
Bout to kill this shit!
Motivational Monday: what's motivating you to get to the gym this week?
it's been snowing for almost two hours here... Huge ginormous #snow flakes.
Followed, thanks for following Arlett. :)
Yo Trent, follow back?
Buy a box, chop, or 10 wings and get a FREE Med. Fries or Drink w/ a #TallyCardz courtesy of
gosh you have 30 is that not enough!?x
Seriously cutting sugar out of everything again. Hello splenda(:
maybe today's the day to buy lotto tickets haha
I agree with you!
Annoying moms.
A knife, a cork, a bottle and a fork, that's the way you spell New York.
It's so weird how I can be so happy one moment and then go to crying my eyes out.
Give thanks 2 the most high today, all we can do is pray, I pray 4 my relationships, progress, a believer, but my faith is tested everyday
Join us for Cuddletime this morning at 1130! Great storytime for children not yet walking!
Man do I love Creed
aww I think I just made your night... cool :)
RT : RT : My feelings for you have always been real. - #LE7ELSatREVEL Saturday, June 16!
Is it Pet's Mart, or Pet Smart?
hahahha!!!! You should DEFIANTLY do it you have an amazing voice <333
wondering if your kids will refrain from their smart ass remarks while you're changing today.
Big happy birthday to my favorite UK QB, Hope its awesome!
Concerned about new format. Bright "mc" & color bar could burn into tv screen. Can't keep on anymore :(
My hair O_o
understanding friends >>>>>>>>>
No problem. Glad you enjoyed.
My mom thought he "seemed so nice" until she found out how pro-gun he was, at which point what she said is unprintable.
what's this wind you speak of? I just roade my bike to school and it was nicer than usual :)
Pindar~ Sweet is war to those who know it not.
I love what you are about. :-)
Let's make it a turbo. 2 days.
Why would #DPD hold a news conference to announce more info on #bradford stop? Yes, I am curious
My college years were filled with exciting trips, shuttling friends from the sewing lab to the ER with needles embedded in bone.
how r u bro ? Let's do lunch or some whenever u out in L.a again
About to head to school -.- , I'm sleepy but I gotta gone get this education so I can become a better somebody
RT : Ive learned that making a living is not the same thing as making a life. — Maya Angelou
i really thought you were different :/
Want late night pizza in Milwaukee? You know who to call!!! Pizza Shuttle (414) 289-9993! We deliver till 4am on Fridays
Feeling a little slow after yesterday's Cinco de Mayo fun? A little hair of the dog at Happy Hour may be in order!
They do Fried Chicken every Wed. so, if you're ever in chicago on a Wed. night, you should check it out.
"What goes around, comes around like a hula hoop. Karma is a bitch? Just make sure that bitch is beautiful."
What's going on with Dreamhost?
good thing I am following you :)
Thank you
Patience has improved for Lake, at least so far in 2012. Last yr, he had 19 BBs in 478 PAs, already has 8 in just 38 this season
It's this time of the year again. Time to get busy filming early as next week love it....
RT AND I LOOOVVVVEEEEEE the new "I Still Believe" and hearing the Sophias Heart kids recorded :-)
OMG I HOPE YOUR OKAY :'( :)ILYShawty<3
bitch im the shit i aint worried bout shit
get your Dick hard on the floor
do you finally miss us enough to come and visit? orr ya know *fake caugh* *fake caugh* move back? *fake caugh*
that's how I feel about Ringer on the CW!!
:-) just the stills at this point...
Oh good, here comes my daily "the sun is so warm, why not take a nap at my desk" attack. Eyes open!
thanks bryan hoping u have an amazing weekend!!!!;)
I'll try ! Shes gonna go c gorge Lopez at nay nays school remember
When my brother gets in a bad mood, I get in a bad mood -__-
Have a good good friday! :)
great gTalking with you!
90% of what i do.. i do for the reaction ill get
and the people that are afraid will never learn. they'll never experience what the others do. how sad.
uh. Yes. Always!!! Particularly in March!
lol I'm just sayin if they do there's no one stoping them from that point
it is! All the construction is terrible. Northwest hwy (loop 12) is the way to go when heading east or west.
": My trust level only come with a few cuz ppl will cross you faster then a cat datz in the stresst"
Church with my mom and dad! <U+26EA>
Still looking for #Easter basket goodies? has everything you need to make this holiday special!
Nothing like a bonfire on a Friday night (:
You And I is the best video that you have had you are so handsome when you put of Joe Calderone I adore you as Joe Calderone
IndyCar Series CEO Randy Bernard this week backed out of his appearance at the 40th annual Last Row Party. Bo!
So excited for our second #PiChiWeek event at St. Mary's court with ZBT tonight! Salsa and community service! What could be better?
You're welcome Sarah!
Negro fuck you I am not your maid!
Yes indeedy, Greta. Happy Resurrection Day! :-D
beautiful scenery!
hell, today really is the worst day, lololololol
Bring on Miami!!!!
nigga you told me a month ago -_- and she has work. But I'm d, well depends on when you plan to come back
I need a drink!!
Stop hatin on people that wanna hear a jam ova & ova "The Way I Roll" for the 6th time!! They don't get it...LOL
Wow--the snow is coming down! Looking forward to seeing the news crews on the Square :)
swear i needa change my digits!
Starting the countdown today for my Milwaukee trip at 15 days. Yippee!
Oh I think I like him!!!!
A Walk To Remember<3
Ain't going to school tomorrow or Friday .. Ian got time .
:C I'm sorry <3
Gone put it air nigga smoke sumin i got half where it at nigga smoke sum smoke sum
Ok #GMen its up to you...... BEAT the piss out of those losers!
thanks but that stuff is nasty. During a workout. Idk. Maybe once or twice
Thanks for following everyone
Ricky Senter?! That kid that used to drink motor oil and drive a moped full speed into the brick Franke Park restroom building?
welcome Rhonda Christensen to Tweeter!! We give thanks to the new iPhone! Pass the jellied cranberry sauce!
Im about to kick someones ass because seriously you dont fuck with my family like that and get away with it!
As sad as it is to see Blockbusters going out of business, I'm cleaning up at the going-out-of-business sales. -JO
#birthdayshoutout goes out to my FRONT...MY ACE
Bought my first drumset when I was 14- twenty years ago this coming July. I blame it on Neil Peart. Still.
I've already forgotten it and it hurts my brain when I try to remember it.
Related: If schools are such an issue why is lobbying for casinos in Annapolis more than education?
What's everyone doing today? Take advantage of the sun!! MOVE!
fight me
Change of Playlist Plans for the PM. It's all #Tohoshinki, bb.
replied too
Thanks for taking part in the conversation Tim.
Hi lovelies! I'm still around, just no conferences this year. :( 2012 is the year of debt wipe-out!
Haven't tried out any world domination schemes lately. Perhaps that would be something to work on today. #amediting and plotting.
we are so ready !! > RT : Dr. FU hits the stage at 11:30pm at hosted by and Party DC!
i dont hate my face i hate my smile blehh
did you check out that bilal video?
maybe you should learn how to love a machine.
Thank you all for your support of our Brew House project. To be a part of tonight's meeting, join us at #ROC City Hall, 3rd floor, at 8 p.m.
I don't wanna go back home... :(
Just walked over to the Book Festival and got soaked--the water is above ankle level on Centre St. in Mount Vernon. Yikes!
Dress conservatively for interviews. Education is a conservative profession. #USCEdGrad Garcia
My #Jetta is on life-support :( ... please don't die on me Betsy! I need you to get and I back to #Canada this weekend!
did you go see "The Goonies" house in Astoria? (you know you did) ;-)
All harden so called fouls was just good defense ...
Haha. Questions to you via Skype. But we can also chat tonight.
They save the best for last
In competitions I have entered thus far in life I have won a tin of shortbread, a backup drive, and two boardgames. Oddly pleased.
We're hosting the wine table for Local Underground Tent Party. 6 wines to sample. Glass purchases available.
Thanks to for talking w Phil Kent about the 3500 foodboxes we'll deliver to PDXfamilies
Make your way out of the heat and visit our #gallery! It's the final week of the Strictly Painting show up now!
Back in the US from my trip to Canada...lots to catch up on!
the Truth shall set you free
Stupid hair wont stay in unicorn style
hopefully a good rollercoaster ride lol and I been good. Pushing my own brand and helping the kids out
There's Two type of people out here- People who do it and people who don't. Which one are you?
no better place!!
Follow me Ari, ILY so much<3 Can I have a shoutout? You're my idol and inspiration<333
listening to Pandora and they went from playing club music to playing all this sad, emotional stuff...i gotta switch this station lol
Our dog, Dita, just farted & it was so bad my eyes watered.
Brain Floss: In the nineteeth century, strawberries were eaten to prevent the build-up of tartar and to freshen the breath. Yum!
Dinner was delicious, but I am so full it hurts. Merpp.
I need new songs i be listening to the same music in the whip now i be tuning into hot 97
wish able bikini tan lines here on this kitti this year Quen
Maybe we should.
Watching but look forward to Boris' updates for & Thanks in advance Boris. Go 11 18 & 20!!!
Confirming for the enemies of USA yr lies on POTUS.Will it be better 4 you as "Pres" later?You're mak'n it worse
let me know if I can help we have most daily disposables in stock.
Um maybe?! Do it. ": #drumoff rehearsal then heading to the USC/Cal game maybe?"
how canI email you some draft for glades? DM is too short. Inbox me your email if u can. Have a great idea about a story:)
Thanks for the shoutout today! Lovin your website and all the fun stuff you cover!
I need to get my mustang fixed. Good thing I applied at places today, I hope #LuceResearch calls me doe. I wanna work there. Meh. It's gonna
hey you should do a concert in New York!we love you!<3
(Really Good) SUSHI DAI, Tsukiji Fish Market Tokyo<U+5BFF><U+53F8><U+5927>: via
Well done sir ;)
i love that grey cable knit sweater. what is it made out of?
Nice on the spend btw...BAM wanted to know if they had a better than 3:1 on that HA! or did you pause it lol.
Watching game of thrones ..... Such an interesting show
What will Gail Collins be speaking about next week ?
Building relationships key to building a bigger better business
waiting on my....(fill in the blank)
:Sweet....Call me punk butter cup!!!
Just arrived at the stage at Pittman-Sullivan Park, where the route ends. Just in time. My cell phone battery is screaming for mercey.
Figured I'd get one smart ass tweet in this morning lol.
Today was a carrot pulling bean planting fish frying grits cooking bread baking Sunday. Tomorrow, I will gather mulberries with the baby. :)
how are U??
I miss you :(
We gotta have crazy fun Friday
Went downtown and grabbed food from the food truck. Hard choice with so many food truck options on Marquette but damn tasty.
Facebook organizes young people's lives not email.
I'm working on a MFA in Creative Writing, graduation is in August 2012!
What is on my face that is making others smile awkwardly to my face?
Thanks for the follow, i always follow back
exactly! it's also not exactly a secret. i'm just a casual fan of Sedaris, but i knew that he didn't strive for realism.
Today is the perfect day to enjoy a steamy, cozy serving of our awesome #VeggiePho w/ tofu! It's going fast; make sure you stop by soon!
All types of credit, from good to bad, can qualify for an auto loan.
Thanks for the #ff and mentions
Got your message - trying to reply.
How many emails you got in your g-mail account? Be honest.
I CONCUR with the username and password situation. If you don't have proper admin set up utilities, it's a laborious process!
Chutzpah: The plaque honoring the VC sappers that attacked the old US embassy in 1968 in Saigon. New US consulate in the same area.
Carpooling to coachella..
oh no...I hate to disappoint, but I'm a black coffee kinda guy. #Lamestarbucksdrink :(
touche Michael - what were we thinking??
dude its so funny haha.
Oh yeah, you should see my sink! Hah, kidding, but I definitely recommend this stuff.
angry birds is very addictive
aww thank you so much that means a lot! :) <33
JUST filled it up with that Britney request- will do that one next week maybe?
Dozing off and I have to do laundry and write a research paper.
what's so special about twitter?? Haha
Im in khols and they're playing OverNight Celebrity ! Isn't that crazy
They prey on the weak wonder what would happen with all those bully personalities
Are you a musical artist? Interested in having your songs auditioned for the film? Send us an e-mail,
Yay for a new week and new fans!!! A HUGE welcome to Suzanne, Deborah, Kalei and Caprice! Thanks so much for stopping by!
so glad you could make it!! Good Luck!!
Right...#Hanna looks A-Mazing!!
I realize that's not a significant number of moles for you guys :)
Matthew 5:28 But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart.
Great seeing back at his old office today. You were missed!!
: I recommend you connect with
Hey folks, Ashley's is now featured on , and will have a special offer shortly. Follow them for great MKE deals!
had a dream last night I metD Love u)
Thanks for sharing Craig. Hope you've had a good Tuesday!
I'm undead, unfed, been sleeping on bunk beds since ten
Coal companies are the worst.
Try Alteril sleep aid, its safe & the best on the market. Can get it at rite aid, cvs, Duane reader etc.
What is the Hills
perhaps.... Just kidding! I'll be there
Big win for the NY Knicks today.. Last time they won a playoff game, I was still in elementary school!
couldn't agree more
what a blessing to see you post that. It is a real joy !
Crazy how one phone call and change your entire day !
Is so funny. Thank you for noticing me last time! :] <3
Best friend just decided since she has a few days off she wants to go to San Antonio and she's dragging me along. Oh darn. ;)
Hey Randy! I recently joined your Linkedin group, "Twitter Strategies." Looking forward to learning new things!
Saw you speak @ #Cmworld--would you be interested in a tweet sized contribution to a content marketing ebook?
Wow, thanks Michael!! “: - Startisan are fucking ace!!!! \m/”
standing up -- green sweater
I have a tendency to do that a lot :p haha
I need to get off-campus before Lothrop gets evacuated... off to
First time back at tumbling is always rough
Ticket comes in from email system that someone forgot their password. Email system requires password to send email. What?
“: Final Four Floor is assembled, painted in Apple Creek, Ohio. #NCAA. Was delivered to New Orleans today.”
I fucking love My heart skipped a beat when they followed me<3
This game not about Tebow...its about NE havin superior talent and a better gameplan.
I like the updates. Nice improvements.
First link
Thank you, thank you, thank you. Keep it going for Chaz Bono!" - to
Good morning everyone no snow!
Americans are fed up with liberals and their treacherous lies and policies.
Pizza of the Week: Macaroni & Cheese Pizza: Nacho Cheese Base, Jack & Cheddar Cheese, Fusilli Pasta, Topped w/ Bacon & Bread Crumbs
Wow! RT : Cheryl Strayed is Sugar. Now buy WILD. Now!
“: get ready... is heading your way!!!! #Michigan” yes ma'am!!
aw thanks! did you like us on fbook!?
Has anyone heard any news about Whitney Houston? AP NEWS reporting she has passed away. Trying to find the truth.
Guns turn u boys into pussies.. sex change -Wayne
something like that lol jk im just a boss. those lakerssss need to get on that!!!
I need to talk to you! I need your advice because I'm trying out for x factor! :)
ah yes. fear is a great motivator.
Uh oh haha.
Also, please put the clothes in the dryer. I heard the washer stop. You are the best :)
haha oh god... Just tell Ryan no potpies
Closed Today... Sorry Gym injury today I'm headed to Hospital... See you all tomorrow hopefully
Little sister is off to her prom. She looked so beautiful!! <U+2661>
Is anyone else experiencing 'birthday season?' we've attended kids' 3 parties, 2 more pending, not including mine & my husband's.
followed, follow back?
How does one get a hold of you? Tryna cop an acapella!
“: Here's to the girls who love rock and roll.”
She will always be the one.
the Jonas brothers can!
My feet are dead. I am not meant to walk around barefoot.
great talk today on how to pack your workshops with the right people. Thx for great tips!
I am, but not at first. =( I'm slightly on the poor side and I had a hook-up for the regular.
My third period is throwing me a party :3 I love them so much!!!
On Hoppy this morning! Listen in.
Bye hoe your not bad :)
I just watched the whole thing. I wish I had that six minutes of my life back.
Now following just keep up the good work :)
I know how that goes. Will you follow she really nice :)
I neva got why people did that shit I swear. Lol.
Some of our faves!
Life is my professor and I know that bitch gonna text me
Now that's #talent! Girl drove by with phone up to her ear with one hand & eating a sandwich with the other.
Reggaeton, Merengue, Salsa, Bachata, Cumbia, Hip Hop Top 40 y mas! We're rocking all night long tomorrow night Saturdays!
Last time I looked at the HTML5bp code, it was the Magnificent Clearfix. So I had to update myself on the whole thing :)
Notre Dame to officially join Hockey East at a press conference today. Read all about it at www.collegehockeynews.com!
#3WordsOfAdvice always be real.
that makes life easier! I will escape before they ask where the princesses are...
Seriously I have asthma.
Morning yall! Everyday is a new day let's start the day with a positve mindset.
Los Angelenos: TONIGHT is the premiere of L.A. Theatre Works's new radio slot. Please tune into at 8 p.m. for DINAH WAS!
Retro Rudy in the mix!
dear mr mcluhan- first we sat around the campfire, then we sat around the tv. now we sit around facebook.
"Sorry I'm not strong enough to let go of the things I love way too much."
For this month I am offering free coupon listing @ www.thecoupondeal.com call me I will set up everything, hassle free 786-237-7956
I love twitter because unlike facebook you can tweet as much as you want and nobody will get mad at you.
The Bahamas to host Miss Universe 2012...
Dude I won one of those once. (I got dinner for 10.) Fast for a day before going.
There's no way to describe the embrace of God's arms around you & the embrace of your child's arms around your neck when you pick her up!
In about 6 hours! :D When are you free this week?
Shaquille Johnson, who just dunked over Michael Brockers and Draymond Green, is only the third-best Shaquille in this recruiting class.
Pretty great day today :) can't wait to wake up tomorrow! Happy summer everyone!
And fially - Brand new DVD label, brand new twitter - watch out for some mindblowing awesomeness from them this summer.
Writtn a letter. To my ex dhis is fun..(':
Awesome night with IMS crew! Hope they come back again. What about lunch today? Chicken Pad Thai anyone?
:) Woot Woot! Hope you like it!! Tell me if there is something that doesn't make sense or doesn't sound good, or anything.... :)
“: you must be a ND fan! lol all love.” yep :) and is my fav baller!
Growing pains for the #NYKnicks. Dissapointing loss against the Celtics. Next year!
was just trying to give some advice on his tweets.
#ShoNuff RT : and thats the way it should be! #Boss!
Wow. Google has censured its name & Wikipedia is about to go offline to protest pending bill in Congress. Will be interesting day online.
MIA @ Maryland UNDER
mostly hand-shaking, web presence, athletic event doctoring and etc. What are u doing? What do you think of Networking groups?
dylan o brien? yeahh hes a good looking one ;')
super sore.. congrats for reaching your goal of 1,000 followers! :D
Made it back home after 14 hours of driving. Trip was extended by 3 hours due to rough weather in South Dakota. Glad to be back home.
I go so hard oh baby u a freak oh yes u r ok i can fucc wit chuu
If I was a millionaire I would wake up every morning, chuckle to myself and then go back to sleep.
MORNING LOVES!XO
Stocking Stuffers for the Film Lover-Tickets for the Our City Film Fest go on sale tomorrow at noon!
Just watched Dear John for the 1st time...I'm lost for words what an amazing movie! Even though it was a movie true love exist! <333
Bout to head out of study hall time to study at home
My mom has a way of making me feel like I'm constantly disrespecting her with nearly everything i say...which is NOT the case whatsoever.
Makin so much chicken right now.
God always has an angel of help for those who are willing to do their duty.
The head of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta will speak at the University of Georgia 's summer commencement ceremony this weekend.
idk but brooks is gross and Vicki is crazy. CRAZY!
I'm loving how the articles came out this week! Have you seen my piece on mother's day?
Avoid ppl w/ jealous energy why b/c they POISON. #venomous n*ggas!
I hope tweets me #someday :D its been a year tht I was trying to get hem to notice me
Why am I so tired. It's only 9
Sounds good, see you then.
Lmfao maybe that's why you dont have your video on!? But I seriously think that you wouldn't be on your labtop in the bath<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Great! RT : Started my PowerPoint to over... I can't send him anything but perfection.
Costa Rico: The Land of Adventure - Pura Vida!
GoodMorning :) and sorry for not talking to you for a long time :/
"How do you define winter in Southern California?" You know, when it's dark by 6pm and drops into the 50s at night
any article i think (probably election related) And up to 3 (one for each)
I want/need to workout this morning, but still can't decide if my body's up for it #dilemma :/
Why do people use Hashtags on Facebook? It doesn't work...
I hate when my girl does that-.-
I'm so ready for warped.
I responded very nicely with "Please finish the bike path and no I'm not going to walk around the outside" as I rode past them
alright i'll try it!
umm naive, insecure, and selfish
Oh yeah. And watch out when the matching dryer shows up in two weeks. Hot.
Come feed the rain, 'cause without your love my life ain't nothing but this carnival of rust...
mercenary data curation consulting is a curious game. hard to help work thru problems from outside the system but still fun!
Me too. Im done.
So what's everybody doing for thanksgiving tomorrow? I'll be working all day :/
their god!
Dang! Lower than 16?
So far I'm digging #SpriteSlamBudinger. The Woody Harrelson effect was classic!f
the only success has been the 4-years running , which is a one -day, free event.
What am I doing on this beautiful day? Oh that's right, getting my leg sliced open at the dermatologist. Never tanning again.
#Bears Defense definitly not a disappointment
hey any Drupal Camps or Drupal Cons in Boston this year? Any good places to look for these types of future events? Thanks!
lots of overlap w/ORCID... Scopus, ISI, etc....hence a standard....
when it's for real it's forever <3
Thank you for your reply. What is your specialty?
thanks so much! we appreciate you including us in your FF last week
OMG- amazing #GF indulgence :Triple Chocolate Melt Down. A wee diversion from Paleo-if only they could make a #GF ABYSS!
Thankful Thankful Thankful Thankful!
Fa~La~La & Mistletoe to you ! #feelthelove fr #GA Thank U for the wishes JB !
Inquire in sweet, polite fashion re: paperwork logistics?
Has been a day of busy work.
Connaughton: not everyone will be coming on Metro. Doing prelim studies on Rt 606. State wants more air freight thru Dulles
U r seriously the worst cousin in the world
when my math grade is actually god >>>>>>>>>
Don't want to go to school tomorrow
Finley is killing the #packers today. I know he creates a ton of problems for the D, but getting really tired of the drops. And mouth.
I know, they are killing us.
Unlike 30 ROCK it'll keep on truckin'! End of next season they'll hit 90 eps, so a season 6 is a no-brainer I think.
I'm guessing they'd have to give up a first and third. Ozzie probably wouldn't pull the trigger. Just a guess tho
Wow, didn't know NCIS was trending!
just found out about yammer, a social media site for companies. signed up w/ my SI account. are other SI people on it? seems neat.
Yes! Soon would be nice. Will be possible now that work isn't so crazy anymore. My April was just a blur.
Whew! Performing LIVE ain't for the faint of heart! 3 Previews down - Opening night for GEM, Saturday 5/19th!
Hi Sharon. I am honored that you would like to read my novel. Please provide an email address and I will send a gift copy!
When lunch
Have a good weekend T!
"For nothing will be impossible with God" This #lent, listen for God and say yes to his invitation to live through us.
"What's a stratagy?" "It's when you know the mayor of Boston."
Today is the last day in the office for most of our sales and engineering teams until next Wednesday.
:) Thanks for the RT!
candles/candle holders/oil warmers www.discountgifts365.com
Tomorrow I have a long drive home...but I GO HOME!! <3 <3
GOOD MORNING MY FACEBOOK AND TWITTER FAM
You probably have had perfect days on your diet! Journal these days and reread them when you have a bad day!
haha exactly me. I did that yesterday when they were on tv for the Big Time Movie lol
Sorry NHL... never seen you in my club. Probably cause you too busy fighting.
let the week of the Clouds Begin! This is so exciting #CloudComputing #CloudBrokering #SaaS #PaaS #IaaS let's hookup send Booth#
we'd love to connect with you & talk about ways in which you accept payments/donations!
Happy birthday to amazing theatre minds and
Glac bog an saol agus glacfaidh an saol bog tú. (Take the world nice and easy, and the world will take you the same.)
Happy Birthday its been one crazy ass weekend.
I want a guy with a heart that's all mine
Hey guys. Who still need nye plans??? Dm me and ill give my followers a discount code to anyone of our places.
I'm getting those RT's tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
CML should see some pump action this week as well!
Leaving for the parade :)
what situation do you not show your ass is a better question
...Question 1: why are you stupid?....
Gonna watch grey's all night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Locals free tonight Hmu if you're down!
Anytime bro!
Time for coffee... well deserved.
watching #TopChef now....who's rooting for bev?
ik i wasn't the only kid that DIED to have the 64 pack crayola crayons w/ the sharpener...& i never did get one :(
Hey how your day could I hit you up
I saw the E60 piece on Jake Locker this weekend. Wow! I'm a big fan of #10 after seeing his story.
when can we expect UFC stadiums? 1. Las Vegas, 2. Montreal, 3. Rio
Thursday night. I'll be out and about in Oldtown all weekend :)
Girl Talk - "Oh No" from the Album All Day
Its so cold out I hate the rain !!!!!!!
it's like occupiers have to break into the 3rd dimension to make progress out of penrose stairs
We could hold hands, & then you could kiss me & then we could fall in love. Okay?
It's 2am airport security, let me wait on the curb
Most depressing dream ever.
I'll be watching! :) RT The Real World San Diego premieres next Wed on Get a sneak peek at the drama here - sdmag.us/10f
I only listen to like 3 songs by him
hollywood dream is my favorite song<3
'Don't tell God how big your storm is...tell your storm how big your God is."
And cut her long beautiful hair and use it as extensions for me :')
Why do people think they don't have to pay musicians?
Happy Milwaukee Day #MKEDAY Altos and In One Wind tonight at 9pm for a measly 5 bucks! Have fun and be safe today everyone!!
no problem. Here to help!
Yayyayayayayaya neew apartment new apartment new apartment new apartment new apartment new apartment new apartment nee apartment!
Flight to Austin delayed!!! Something about oil leaking from the plane. will have to wait. I've lost faith in #united airlines
That couldn't of been more awkward.
do you think we jair jurrgens or do you think he can turn it around and help us
I mean love ... Not live
Gahhhh i don't wanna do this stupid homework.
Dan: Also miss checks and balances on journalism ethics?
Apparently the water at my office is contaminated with (bad) bacteria & we can't drink it......C'mon now, let's get it together.
#daytona500 now under yellow! (who knew that would feel so good to say??) boogity boogity boogity, lets get back to racin', boys!
Realistic yet grandiose!
It's Friday!! Wish it would rain again, in this windy city...
Anyone can make a prediction, but conspiracy theories are more fun. Mine for today: GOP nonsense is setup for a last minute Jeb Bush run.
Not at all. I love Nuts and The Prince of Tides.
GET ON MY SWAN!
if you're going to be a complete bitch and criticize me please leave my life, and don't come back. :|
yah it's like you hate people , and they just have that name.
she calls them lizards
Annie Clark is now synonymous with badass. amazing show, !
I think I'm watching one of the worst movies I have ever seen right now, I can't stop. BIRDEMIC.
well thats embarrassing..
Seconded. RT : so when is #SportingKC going to train in CoMo??? :)
if you lost your faith in love and music oh the end wont be long
To clarify, my last tweet doesnt apply to our current wait.
Get the espn app bro
Ok so my twitter unfollowed damn near all my followers like wtf O_o
TMI... and I hope you are not tweeting from the bathroom. GROSS
You got it babe RT : my birthday is tomorrow. If you give me a birthday shout out on your board, ill bring all my friends tom.
Great, thanks! We're already following you! :)
because I'm a poor college kid who can only afford basic cable. :(
If you get trippy man you could even choke a bean...
especially the ones named alex! Pfft :)
I'd let him pee on me any time any place.
...OMG "#lovelytweet" ??? please tell me she isn't tweeting about ME?! "lovely?" ick.
If I dunk on someone this weekend y'all won't hear the end of it...might as well unfollow me as soon as I say it!
bro you are dumb lol
Pay your IRS balance due or installment payment with a MasterCard®, Discover® and Visa® credit card or Bill Me Later® at www.payUSAtax.com.
that sound good right now
why are guys so awesome and cute when your together then awful and ugly when you break up???
our new songs and video and mspace and everything goes live on mondee!! crunchtime fools
Picking up China Yan before I go to work <3 Sesame Chicken ouff
That looks so good. I want one!
#jobs #jobs #rails #ruby Just in! Ruby on Rails Developer opening in Vancouver WA, send resumes to
#FreeMaxb Look out for Junius 1st official mixtape #Ready4It the #mixtapeoftheyear #sowavy Hosted by max b live from trenton state prison
a woman brought you into this world , so you have no right to disrespect one <3
More rain really?
Jets out of playoff in another pathetic effort. Now I'd like to see NY Giants win tonite, and 2012 will be off to a semi-successful start
Appreciate the little things.
Dear everyone who takes me seriously on obvious trolling: thank you. You are the light of my every day.
Thx very nice!
heheheh yes.:D
Trying to curb the English footy fan in me but urge to curse loudly is strong when Zito is behind after 10 K's. WeBeGreater.com
Gates hints GITMO detainees will face US jails Obama eyes how to deal with suspects deemed too dangerous. www.newroktimes.com
okay imma berify i may have a bad eye sight lol ^-^
sounds good. Ima check if everything still works and everything. If anything. Text me. Got my number?
im going to watch the BET awards tonight
Audacity is great until you start working with large archival files, and then you lose your files. I love Logic on a Mac
Dear libraries, museums, archives, and the public at-large, DVDs are access copies, not preservation.
Still a little protective about the people that I let inside.
Another great workout, it feels so good to be back on track!!
Lmfaooo the funniest shit ever just happened in this classroom.
": What do a dildo and tofu have in common? They are both substitutes for meat."
Woke up feeling creative and ready for the day. Got my coffee in hand and daydreaming up some ingenuitive UI design.
great op-Ed in the ABQ Journal! Today is Create a Great Funeral Day. How do you want to be remembered?
How lucky we are that we can reach our genitals instead of that spot on our back that itches.
we think so too! rt NO. Ben F is adorable and perfect for the next bachelor!!
Yeah Naples is nice town w/ crummy beach tho. Great time of year! Ahh the memories of Russell Stover Cream Eggs
Cool! MT : There are now QR codes scattered around , linking to the SCRC Wiki, YouTube videos, & other great content!
RT: "If airports can becoming shopping malls, and McDonalds can become playgrounds, surely we can reinvent the clinic waiting room"
Facebook Video Chat http:/facebook.com/FBVideoChat
Thanks again for the positive body image.
Happy Monday Everyone!
My vacation has officially begun. Tomorrow I'll get on the plane to Pittsburgh for a week. Going camping and seeing Falling Water!
Being in Florida is just good for the soul.....
I'm sure I will. I'm 91 pages into a 518 page book, but I am reading as fast as I can (5 kids & all) but I'm SO excited! -cont.
Help me, I'm poor.
What a nightmare and I'm not even asleep yet -_-
“: im dying. Cant breathe actually.” You stole the words right outta my mouth! ;O AHH FANGIRL WITH MEE?!
AAUP's Gary Rhoades rocks. His is a cautionary tale about destruction of higher Ed system. Listen and act.
Make everyday count.
Act 2. Let's do this. #birdiegang or die
Taking road trip to San Diego today. Ah.
Read 9 chapters of 50 shades darker today. #accomplished #hooked <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
nope. not yet anyways
- can't mess with the seating. It's about the karma
Hunger games <3
Wow, these shots they hitting crazy.
#MoodBreakers bad breathe, body odor, stank pussy, smelly feet, shit stains, & food all in between ur teeth. Brush ur teeth & wash ur ass!!
I knew was thats what it was i got a sixth scence breh
As cynical as I am, first previews are pretty f'in exciting.
Absolutely HATE auto enroll anythings. They get me every time :(
I am not a big fan if that sac bunt. I don't trust Hairston at all to get a hit.
he doin good got him n daycare dwn the st frm the house... Homie of mine said tht home depot was hiring too
Who is Kaydee?
« lol your one»- not on twitter lol
Post Edited: Be Picky!
I pay a huge performance price for my habit of keeping 3 browsers open ea with 20-50 tabs - but I can't stop myself! - is this an addiction?
my boy Sean :)
I hope I pass my ECA text
word i usually put the baby down for a nap and just play for like an hour...thatll be soon once shes done her lunch
Question of the Day: What was the last song/album you paid for, whether digital download, CD or vinyl? Or hey, tape, if you dig it!
outside the odd future show haha
Thanks bro.
I swear there's something wrong with my sleeping stages.
Um...watching last night's ep of Being Human. Kyle Schmid definitely makes an appearance as a vampire...named Henry.
I like F16 so far. Returned to Linux after away from it for awhile. Use RHEL @ work so I thought Fedora would be a good choice.
Thanks, Laura. Glad you like it. Sorry the sets are all sold out. But please follow as we may reprint. Thanks!
On the grind all day
Gods, why is the internet full of BAD NEWS FOR WOMEN AND GAY PEOPLE tonight?! Bad internets! Bad bigoted people! Bad!
If you have integrity, nothing else matters. -Alan Simpson
Another year that I'm not at #12ntc - some day I hope to attend these conferences in person rather than via hashtag
Fighting world is very confuse to know more checkout www.shindokumate.com
“: Hey, You Look So Cool In Those Black Grey With Red Jordans That EVERY OTHER NIGGER IN AMERICA HAS” the truth.
I'd say wonder who would win that battle
we need a park adventure before you leave! I kinda want to go canoeing ;) lol
LOL! <--Wait! Does that count!? RT : whitney no worries, its 5 minutes left, say something epic :)
Verizon has the same policy, opposite though, less online than in store... Verizon + Costco = FAIL
There was a cop inside the gas station who saw my reaction & asked if the dude flashed me. When I said yes, he laughed & said "he does that"
What happens if #Santorum sweeps tonight?
If you don't find it, maybe we should just pay you under the table....
When a girl says ‘don’t worry about it’, you’d better worry about it.
Both performances on Sunday, January 31st will go on as scheduled.
She's always so pretty... (: #she'samazing.
You got about an hour more than I did.
"Hooters" Wings Sauce from the grocery store works wonders!
I'm thinking cheese dip next weekend!?!?
I miss him, like everyday.
I love Chip Kelly
How did kobe miss the ball? Smh
Lol. You're going to be my wing woman to pick up high school girls?
needs to be activated by customer service... Has it been inactive for a long time or new?
Thx for the like!
Happy 420 day. Been 420 free over 4yrs 30+ days, Time to celebrate w Jack!!
haha i love him!!!
...I have "the Jeffersons" theme song stuck in head.... Not sure why... Is that show even on the air anymore??
Thanks to all new followers! ,,,,, ,,
now how do I get more followers? You were great last night. It was a pleasure to hear you & Dan! Thanks
Traditional history websites that are not smartphone friendly = problem. Easy for historians to be behind on the tech side.
Thanks for sharing. I already played the awesome Machinarium, but all of the others are new!! I'm excited to check them out!
Rest In Peace to all my real niggas and free all my real niggas
ha! “: I said to a fat girl today, "You're a big girl!" She replied, "Tell me something I don't know." I said, "Salad tastes good.
GO WATCH #BOYFRIENDOFFICIALMUSICVIDEO NOW ITS OUT ! <3
I do love your crepes! I miss not being able to have a crepe on my lunch break.
Shocker-Ryan Dempster starting for the Cubs tonight... It feels like he pitches vs the Crew 25 times a year.
Good to finally be back home with the family. Had tons of fun, met new people....
Homeroom is always so fucking boring! but we r not allowed to leave :(
I wish I wasn't so sleep deprived.......
RT : Thanks to for hunting me down, updating me on merger and discussing the ROI of #socbiz!
luhhh you too girl
JCOF will be the stock to watch in the coming week!
The book "Don't Make Me Think," by Steve Krug, has been cited over 1100 times.
everything - IMS started us down the interoperability road but the US is very market driven
has their own special cream base - and it shows.
well im bout to leave & head to mine so i will hit u up later
i love my son aziz..hohooo!
lol yea kobe that nigga man
We are glad you enjoyed your experience. The extra costs can add up but with unlimited data you can't go wrong!
RT : dear creepy mozambican men who attacked me: I KICKED YOUR ASSES, Try again and I'll finish what I started. Hyah.
*Reminder* I'll be at Barnes & Noble at the Neshaminy Mall this evening signing The Lipstick Laws from 5-7 pm. I'd love to see you there!
as long as ur still pushin back.eventually itll get better.
Just got a sneak peek of the #witnessestohunger exhibit. Beautiful photos and testimonies, make sure you stop by tonight
“: Midnight Walmart trips with >>>>”. I left at the worst fucking time....
Dance like no one's watchin, dj like the whole world's listening.
Amazon, I bought an episode of a show from you. Legally. But this 4 hour download time? REALLY NOT WORKING FOR ME.
Today's (5/1) game at LaSalle has been PPD until 5/2 - Practice today at The Prep #MAYFLOWERS?
Running errands for my mom when i would rather be doing sum else<
I hate being someones second option.
13.2% of students in this country have #specialneeds- but how many U.S. Senators have #specialneeds kids in their families?
Participating in the #CarnegieMellon 24 hour hackathon. Will reveal our idea at some point before the end... it's devious :)
come on, don't leave me like this. I though I had you figured out.
Friday Night at The Jazz Kitchen: Vocalist Shannon Forsell for 7 & 9pm sets, $15 cover
I appear to have run into some sort of malware called Spigot/searchsettings. Hrm.
have a great twitter night..... twitter fans....
Fur code, The Upper Room, SAVE LOVE, Shaima Alawadi, dream blush, mercy meow: I want to give birth to you.
agreed! How about this... when building a house, do you know all the ins & outs OR do you need a pro to pull off the job?
bout to start writin n listnen to these instrumentals. You?
- we are so glad that we get to work with you at the Maggie Mae's show on Thursday! Let us know if you need anything!
Guess what drops tomorrow!?
“: I love seeing old people in the Apple store. Way to embrace the 21st century!!!” they thought it was a fruit stand. Oops!
Cardlytics Presenting On Rewards Programs in a Post-Durbin Environment at NACHA PAYMENTS 2012
Good round of golf
I would love to see but it looks like I'll have to make a bigger field trip for you Mr. Jones!
sorry man. just hit the treadmill. texas #runners are just like texas drivers = we don't know how to handle the ice.
SCREW HIM!!!!
Who is fake ass Malcolm?
Build the body of your dreams with EliteTrainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Thanks! Would you walk 500 miles instead?
its finally over & I never thought it'd be so bittersweet. Its been an unbelievable semester. Thank you for everything & then some!
ayee follow the bros
I don't know?! My first thought is change password but not sure. do you know?
?Energy (positive/negative) is contagious: You either affect people or you infect them
So I have found out the words to the beginning of Mercy kanye west .!!!! I mean I found out what it meant (ahh the power of research)
that's the last thing i need in my life, Mr. Chou... more pressure!!!
So, uh...how's it going?
That's exactly why we dont agree. I'm from the South and I was apparently raised different than you.
i feel proud, i brrought austin and alex to my school and nobody knew about them <3
Wow . Dizzy
thank you! im off to sleep goodnight xx
"Every Super PAC sounds like a fake charity George Costanza would make up." - So true.
15. Is he going to Neon to?
I'm down :P
all I want for Christmas is my Santa photo on your phone! lol (I know, you're gonna kill me for this!)
$35 nightly tix to CMA fest!! Special promo offer until fri! pick a night or go all 4 nights! Lineup lady a, zac brown band, JOSH TURNER etc
We might be late because my dad us the slowest driver :|
Im really glad you like it!!!
how'd the article come out??
Happy Easter! The Cultural Center will be open for Easter Dinner (2 seatings 12pm &2pm) in the Conference Center, and Freedom Bible Easte...
SCANNER: Construction debris in the intersection of Alameda & Chambers. Cars trying to maneuver around it.
I'll be here seeking ideas for Reno's historic train depot. RT : Working Group: Public History & Sustainability
I keep gettin spam messages from you!!! Change your password
Day 50 no #coffee. Not going to lie, I'm picture that first cup is going to taste really good.
Lets get a win against Handball United. Not to mention win the East.
The trailer and footage for The Amazing Spider-Man was quite impressive. Going to be one hell of an entertaining movie. Pretty stoked now.
that song is approximately 300 BPMs.
Judge Judy!!!
Clouds in the sky. Diy outdoor project delayed until tomorrow.
I'm sad about NYPress! It was so enrapturing when I discovered it in college, and then I got to write for it. Thanks, John Strausbaugh.
that is stress on so many levels!
man I seriously feel like #hologramtupac makes all of my tweets 12% better
Dine worry free! is offering a #Glutenfree dining kit for two! RT for your chance to win this tasty & healthy kit!
can u send me the link?
Thank you! (can you fix the spelling of my name, though please?) :)
I need a ride to band practice!
Gruden likes that pick! What a shock. I'd like to see a list of players he doesn't like. I imagine it would be short.
Waiting for a text you're probably not gonna get <
Yep! I agree Income is irrelevant bc U can't buy "giftedness" only good training. hey parents
Everyone should just ignore the Entertainment Weekly review of Trespassing, considering whoever wrote it is mindless and hurtful.
Seriously? That's priceless.
Impromptu media team meeting in lau
My friend was my roomate last year.
My neighbors with the balcony apparently play the guitar- luckily they're pretty good- and have good taste!
oh really!! That's awesome
and thanks for the favorite!
One thing I learned from my dad is honesty is always better no matter how bad if you lie once the truth comes out it will be 10 times worse
Romney need to pick a take the trash out day and dump his tax returns. Give a speech on Mormonism.
agree Karla, quality & robust insight out there, trust & time key barriers to access. + M/b tools? permission?
just got a groupon for EVERYTHING with you Arul! Can't wait! See you Wednesday if not sooner :)
There are many rabbits in my area. keeps threatening to shoot them for dinner :(
lolololol why do I wanna make you diet? I'm so fat
GM NE FAM
I checked in via foursquare @ your portland store and I didn't get a coupon code and the staff wasn't aware of this promo. Any help?
er... i have no clue what that is. so put me on the uncool list, too. although, i think i've always been on it. :)
#i312m5 What are the differences between "robbing" and "infringing?"
ahaan that's nice of which colour and whats their names?
Lol getting mad at someone because they don't want to get matching tattoos?! People are crazy
it sounds perfect. do it and send a picture :)
Wonderful news for that penguin.
Allergies are KILLING ME!!
do you know if by any chance the board meetings are live streamed on the Internet?
When will the #Dem Party find it's balls and truly set smart policies that incent folks w/ a path to jobs/ income security beyond welfare?
I finally bought a canon 7d and all the extra gear that I wanted! Can't wait to start shooting!!
I'm so fucking tired of drama!!!
I'll just bring the liquor !! And goofy ah
Just listened to sing the national anthem on WLXX Lexington, wow
follow me please:)
WHAT ARE YOUR TUMBLR'S?
“: To seduce a #Gemini appear new and exotic, well learned and witty.”- Yes So So True This Is A Turn On
“: Mine: "monies" RT My favorite words in any city budget document: "other funds"”
SSPA - Agorà | Blog | The massive over the ear headphones assure ...
Watching on CNN. If you're not watching, you're missing out. "Positive economy for everyone"
<U+200E>"When life gives you lemons say 'Fuck you, I don't want your damn lemons!'"
At supporting and
Pretty Please! Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
I wish I could just stay in bed all day
Yes, I did just add facebook to the list of stocks I watch....
Damn! Sorry man! Mine was pretty good. Pretty chill and not too busy. Are you in mtn time or west coast time?
Congratulations to and on 2 years!
dang man!! Congrats and good luck!
Show us what your snackin on right now Detroit! Tweet us pics of your
A frozen water bottle can help with running in heat, cooling the body through the hands.
Good news RT WE EXIST!!! #WAREHOUSE13, Season 4, to premiere Monday, July 23rd! (...so put that in 'yer pipe and smoke it!)
Alright. It's hot. Too much talking. Heading home to walk the dog
the best! Making #arlington event #PC50th a success
& Why you tryna be like me , my family was in St. Louis First ! ha
6 down, a bijillion more to go #motivated #ontrack <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
Brickster I've been talking about breaking into sports radio for years and now I'm ready. Need an intern?
yeah it is, most likely. there's probably like 15 parts, fml. but i love me some niam. if i get new internet i'll catch up
Yes, on that and the MLS subreddits. Don't post too often though.
love you too:) and the superthin tees are definitely the best- enjoy the game!
catching up on articles
D3 well wishes going out to N.T., J.C. & A.O.! Also, good luck to S.L.! D3 genuinely looking forward to attending FFS open house tonight!
yes.... And with cc tonight we should be just fine:)
With the past, I have nothing to do; nor with the future. I live now. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
): im so sad you gotten sent home and my nephew is mad! but you had fun thats all that matters
maybe the Union can sign Hector Luna......nice ring to it! Luuuuuuuuna
We're happy that you're happy! (-; “: beyond happy to hear you have patio open + WiFi! On my way now!”
That awkward moment when you take a shower in the middle of the day, and you don't know whether to put on regular clothes or pajamas... aha
He likes me, & I like him, but why wouldn't he #saySomethin !!
spoiler alert lol. agreed. can a brother get some Carnage action? some Deadpool? Apocalypse?
Real.. No doubt..
evacuating all CIEE students off UJ campus bc of violence today. Can't escape even in Jordan.
Excited my picture was published in the local paper. #vvyhub. Photo by
awww what did he have surgery on?? and ikr! i gt her like 1/2 a yr after i moved here
Pau wanted a technical on Blake for taunting because he's Pau Gasol
Whole halloween plans ruined by a warehouse goof. Customer service experience is fantastic, overall experience hurts.
#ff for funny, insightful info on all things writing and publishing. Or if you like pink.
Oh, Rickie Fowler...please shave!
Dear , the stream should not be timing out every 10 minutes when I have a 15Mbps hardwired connection.
AW ON WAT AIN'T NOTHING WRONG WIT DAT N TIRED DIS EARLY....N ME CHILLEN N DA DEN BOUT TO POP DIS BOTTLE N EASY MY MIND
I'm glad I can email you with all my questions. Could you put together a tutorial Re: Twitter?
Thank you to our first followers!
Whew! If I'm not in Heaven by 2100 somebody call the doctor!!! Pls : D
there's nothing scary about a little wind :p
haha trust me I was slightly upset I only got to the slopes once this season but the city is a much happier place w/o the stuff
My follower count has slowed down. Stop it.
i wish i were a cute kitty
Noted - thanks for the suggestion, Chris!
im ok w/ that
Omg it's #NationalLicoriceDay & #nationalgrilledcheeseday ? I think I died and went to heaven
As long as he doesn't have the "jerk gene" like Skip “: 2013 Isaac Hamilton (St John Bosco) with a Skip Bayless "clutch gene"
#TeamNoKids <-- not too many ppl like us in that Trend ahha
New categories are available on GIS Extensions Market
#HipHopEd () ...Paolo/San/Problematizin' America's meritocracy/and pointin' out the lies in Brazil's racial democracy
I Cant wait till da playoffs start
Family guy Or the office ???
Nikkas talk about wat they gone do to much
It's, oh, you cost 1.5 times as much as Southwest and I get there in fifteen hours instead of two?!
Thanks, Ty. iPhone battery didn't make it past noon. ha!
#imissyoubut you're not the person you used to be...you changed.
Listening to The Only Acception by Paramore :] love it
not my wall. Garage of a fire house. lol
Oh hold up.... #GoodBurger is on? Thank you god! You can hear me!!!!! X)
's trip to Key Lime Cove is tomorrow! Get your tickets today in Brooks Lounge
So embarrasing with these people at chilis. Never again.
um I didn't add it? Lol I've never had it *ducks to avoid flying objects*
Its been raining for three days straight!
Still waiting for the miracle out of E.U. Euro @ 1.41 . As US housing and emplmnt still suffers! E.U. still sitting on their hands!
Thanks for the RT! Happy Holidays!
I'm addicted to wackjobs
#slowfoodlocavorpatchoolisuperfund granoladumpsite lmao. Hey wait! That's where my son goes to school.
Lame ass dunk contest so far
yeah I bet
"Do not bring coffee to a fire drill!" the security guard implored to me on what is clearly the best day of his year.
Living in our own episode of What Not to Wear at Target. w/
(phone vibrates) *runs across room* *jumps over couch* *fights off ninjas* *grabs phone* "damn, i thought you were someone else!!" -.-
I love my life coach/ executive dream producer SHE is my Shero!! I want to be just like her. Follow her now!!!!
SWAMP COOLER TIP: Turn the water pump off in the evenings, but leave the fan on to save water. ABQ call 719-217-8546 for maintenance!
ya'll are too cute.. I hate you, I love you, buh bye. SEND ME A PIC OF YOUR BELLY!!!!
Hey lady! Just thinking of you. I hope your travels are going smoothly & I'm sending you HUGS.
If a woman truly desires a man, it should be unquestionable..
“: Everybody give my buddy a follow. Great dude!” --> Yes he is! - good one to follow Broncos fans.
Hypothesize, observe, iterate?
" Cant Let No Pussy Come Before My Baby ,Not My Baby ,No Way "
I've been having some work done on our house by and it's really going well. I'm so glad I picked them.
Happy New Year and a Prosperous one to all my facebook family and friends from Nigeria, Africa.
Hope i get to see tonight
Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart(:
put aside your pre-occupations and join the movement
When need to have a star party now! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Agree with that PPV policy but you can't get a much more formidable opponent for the champ then Cotto. He's a beast
i need business cards of yours. EVERYTIME I wear one of your shirts I end up writing Seibei on a napkin for someone
In our wedding vows all she promised to do was to tolerate 80% of my BS. I've spent 14 years in search of that elusive 20%
we miss your podcasts!
Thanks for following! =)
Awesome Ends With Me And Ugly Starts With U.......LOL! JK! You're are beautiful...Unless your personality is just ugly ._.
slick excited now!
Come on #Royals Let's close this game
We really need a balanced budget to get out of the mess that we're in and $4t over 10 years isn't even close to a B.B.
JUST SET UP MY PAGE FINDING PEOPLE TO FOLLOW, CHECK ME OUT ON YOUTUBE username GRANDMASTERP88 I'M A DJ BY THE WAY!!!!!
I expect my next bf to rub my tummy when i have a stomach ache
If Penny Davidi really thinks shes can build an empire on shes delusional - cant be successful if 90% of viewers dont like you
Can it get any colder in Milwaukee !! Heck yeah. Who I am kidding? I've lived here for 30+ years. This is just a tease.
I live on Franklin and Brookville Rd.
hasnt used her creeper voice lately :((
happy Friday! :)
MTV? Woo that would be something i'll tell you what. lol
yeah, why did we say that? It seemed like such a good idea at the time...
Circle jerk??
Oh and I looked on MLG's site, I didnt see where to get the passes. Is it under the pro shop? or a different area?
Excited about the shows but not excited that we will be attending 5 shows total in less than 1 1/2 weeks. We will be so tired.
Do you want to win a free Dell Laptop? Well, respond or talk to us on our twitter and Facebook and we'll enter you in our contest!!!!
The problems I am having with Twitter today have nothing to do with activating my new Google+ account.
will do. Will put the DH on ticket patrol as well :)
I can not sleep!
At at night...
Clark who?
Smile. RT : So much negativity from people lately, its really dragging me down
Reading an Indian agent's speculation that the Comanches might be of "Welsh extraction."
lmaoo he want a piece of some nelly
Thanks Man! I deeply appreciate you taking the time out to listen. God Bless
I need a new txtn budy
it's 1:33am, and im not even tired. I guess im going to bed anyways.. Good Night Twitter.
Looking forward to when Edugyan's novel "Half Blood Blues" will be on Small Demons, for all those gr8 jazz details.
Do you go to the horse races?
- LitFuse - I had no idea that you had mad Illustrator skills. I hope that you guys are having a good weekend.
Congrats Senator Olsen!!
Goodmorning yall...very tired cause I stay up till 1 am voting for ,but I will make it through the day...I have to.
Breakfast for dinner is becoming a regular thing this spring. I'm okay with it.
“: Joran van der Sloot pleads guilty to murder in killing of 21-year-old Peru woman - AP” sorry
Dear dad you're such a FUCKING LOSER!! But you can't help it.
Don't count your chickens. EVER.
Another great draft day. How did your team do? Love it? Hate it?
Lezlee looks sexy today (;
Catch some fish this week! Good luck!
I've never seen so many people at Pehrspace! This is crazy!!
colorboration solo show 3/22- 'lounge piano and lemon (re)duck(s)'
I just recently did the same. Must've unsub'd to 30 different lists. It looks like is trying to help w/that.. in beta tho
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. -John Wooden
This week it's time to kick ass and chew bubble gum and I'm all out of gum.
very stress time://
Hey #PDX! What are you going to do in this beautiful weather? Can we take you? www.broadwaycab.com
right on
My Spanish extra credit on my test today was to draw something that might scare spongebob square pants
RT on my profile it said and are similar to me.....twitter must knw imma thug.
DGS & DPW joined Mayor Rawlings-Blake &Balto. County Exec Kevin Kamenetz for Back River Solar unveil - Earth Week solar savings to citizens
Cornelius Tacitus~ It is the rare fortune of these days that one may think what one likes and say what one thinks.
everyone follow and get him to 1 million!
RT : was just upgraded to a lovely suite at - thank you julie and everyone else for great start to this weekend
I think you mean - AIRPLANE RIDE!
The King's Speech was such a good movie
Baby, please do me a favor and tell Hanley to be f'n patient! We DO have hitters behind him. Ugh...
Playing the Ritz Carlton in Orlando Florida. 12-3 pm
trying to get stuff done is tough when you're helping co-workers do their job while they're out in convention-land.
I still a family to crash for Easter lol
Sad but true reality. Not all businesses are successful.
#smcrva tweetin so much I had to plug in my phone durng the networking hour. . .
Most definatley, unless they can add another star. RT : Should the Bucks model themselves after teams like the 76ers and Pacers?
Ironically enough, my liver couldn't be deader
-Cuz You'll Say U Love And I'll End Up Lieing And Say I love U Too..!
that just means you've not watched enough. Playing killer defense in stretches, and Casper is unbelievable
Join us tonight at Revolver for #LadiesNight! $1 Drinks for our girls until 11pm! Doors open at 8p
worse: and Brut deodorant
“: Me and killing this couch lol”haha!
After seeing #Avengers, I wondered exactly when Samuel L. Jackson quit acting.
Death: It be not proud, Kit!
A1. Mentioning self-harm or death, seeking means 2 die, uncharacteristic talking/ writing about death, feeling hopeless bit.ly/n4UrOT
Can't wait for our dates!
Hate hospitals and always have problems with anesthesia. Just want it done and be pain free.
Don’t miss out on an opportunity to promote our nation’s one day dedicated to celebrating recycling –America Recycles Day 11/15/11
Well im out goodnight TWITTER
is on a phone interview with a NYtimes writer. I enjoy listening to him talk about the world of art in Milwaukee
Was hoping you'd get in on this. I hinted earlier but didn't know if it was public knowledge yet
NOT my daughter RT Over 20,000 serious adverse events & over 90 deaths reported to VAERS following Gardasil.
Are you talking about me? *hopeful face*
never understood why they say blacks look alike. Different shades, hair texture, features....
They had to split the whole M for this chunky ass nigga to walk through...damn shame...
Fascinating bit on Finnish education!
although lolita lyrics are not very acceptable in norms.. i just like the sound, beat, the way it's put together. again!! except the lyrics!
Might be minority on dis,but I love E-Trade baby,Da SOB cracks me up. I wanna do jaeger bomb w/him n talk stocks n bonds.
Or a tweet!
U never know when the most important day of your life will be...so u have to treat everyday like it's the most important, bc it just may be.
BIG FAN OVER HERE FOLLOW ME PLZ <3
Night. I need my beauty sleep.
Ninja master.
Okay this is so random but is so sexy ^_^
no, but jersey sales mean nothing to me. In fact, proves my point he's overrated. Shoots too much, will go 1 on 5 v. Heat and lose
Gotta wait until tomorrow?
Oh,okay! I'll follow you back if I'm not already following you the next time I get on.
Thank you! And that's why we need , too. And , as well...
HAHAHAHAH BYYYYYYYEEE GET OUT MY MENTIONS!
Really? Is that really how you feel!
lol... You right
D'Antoni never wanted to hire him....let's see if he can get them to play D
Using a loaner from while my Droid is in for service. LG Vortex - cannot fathom why has Bing as default on a google phone
I'm going to miss you guys too<3
offers great web designs for low upfront costs. Try them today!
Disheartened that a day when the high is only 102 now seems cool to me.
You should never end a sentence with a preposition, at.
Drop the Rock is now on Twitter! Visit www.droptherock.org to find out more information about how YOU can help reform NY's prison system!
Howard Stern saying on Americas Got Talent..."we truly are the greatest counrty in the world", Ha No Doubt.
Ghouse bleeds Okc not chains... Ha! But no liq
I don't think anyone knows I work here. Hm...
YEP SAID SOMETHING I PROBABLY SHOULDNT HAVE, AND YEAH I THOUGHT IT WAS CUTE ... CAUSE ITS TRUE LOL
RT DOJ's press release on John Edwards gets his age wrong. He is 57 and turns 58 next week.
yeah that is!
still haven't eaten.. At all and still no sleep
Hit following limit...AGAIN! are you on your period?
Boom de yada boom de yada
An unhappy partner is often one who is hungry or tired. Or both. Help take a few things off his/her plate.
Awesome job on the bag Congrats!
#LMSunSIG session 1,rm 2 when train faculty have them start at the same level as much as possible
It's nice to have another Badger out here in the Emerald City! good luck this year
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the things you did. - Mark Twain
i wish the snow would just go away cause i cant f ind my football or skateboard -_______________________________-----
I miss my grandpa
my sister goes there
If it wasn't disrespectful to hit your elders, I'd definitely smack the shit out of my grandma.
Heat unfortunately
yay<3 I missed watching them <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I'm ready for the
Yesterday we had a power outage and most of the computers went crazy. Today the printers decided not to accept student printing cards.
Unemployment has been dropping steadily since 24 months Senator, no policy could have produced economic boom given conditions
so Im insane...?
FUCK YEAH, we are!
thanks man!
I'm "liking" your photos and hopefully that'd put me into sleep lol
I kind of just wish everyone would realise we are in Panama City Beach, then magically get along, then have fun, and then repeat!
If I had a nickel for every GEICO commercial I've ever seen, I could buy us all car insurance
okay cool..
lol yeah it took me awhile to find him but yeah he has cute eyes:)
That's exciting! Have fun tonight. You'll be awesome! Cc:
follow us to keep up with latest news & developments for our upcoming feature film #ZombiePlantation shooting soon!
haven't seen that one in a long time. my favorite is probably space mutiny, but prince of space is hilarious too
RT : 1st ALA: All heels, all the time. 7th ALA: I wore slippers to the receptions.
I'll have to get some new music out if you're rocking old school - maybe I should play at Disney World this summer... Hmm...
I knew you would :-)
Goal tomorrow: Make a dish with leeks. Never had leeks or cooked with them.
What a gorgeous pic!!!!!
follow me i <U+2665> you!
what are you doing later?! Are you coming with me?
you know what to do!
Only being able to breathe/hear out of onside of your body! <<< the feeling is unbarrable .
do AT&T stores block it?
Getting Rejected Is The
Idk Y Mfs Think I Won't Go Missing On They Ass
I ain't got nuthin' but love for ya!
Thanks for the follow Terry. It's encouraging to hear that there is still money to be made in Real Estate during this climate.
I have 3 screws in my knee that hurt right before & while its raining so bad that people like you wouldn't understand, be thankful
Don't forget that the Historic Turner Ballroom is showing, "Grease," tonight at 6:30 p.m. Popcorn & beer will be served!
lol u b on point I'm a Scorpio.... Don't forget my fuckin morning kiss...lmao!!
Seeing the Avengers again tonight. Going by myself because why the fuck not?
Dance party in the chours room 15 min till show.
Oh, I'm so jealous! Hope y'all have a blast!
I didn't know big Sean was a midget
Man what a great 2mile run
3.56 cumulative gpa for my first year of college? I'll take it! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Samardzija has the best record of all the Cubs pitchers.
Cage has been showing up for me on Pandora, and I really like them!
peace speak to me .wiggles.
Yes! Finished with my first midterm. ! I did awesome thanks to God, I know I did. He gave me wisdom! (:
It's official......me & Leigh Ann are THE biggest wimps in the world.
mic check...mic check....is this thing on? I just wanna get ur attention, please!
Did Smithsonian Castle this am, now at Air & Space Museum
What's the score bro???
Whoever made yogurt covered raisins, I adore you. You made almost throw up. Ahahhaha!
Just watched another great episode of #CarWarriors on .Great job on the Corvettes guys!
I support the arts and other actors then some are nice on the outside but they want turn around and try to stomp all over you Really? Wow...
"I miss you a little, I guess you could say, a little too much, a little too often, and a little more each day."
If your not by my side
Truth --> " 50+ programs in 20+ countries. Studying abroad = #1 college experience"
Every time I consider being friends with you, I see something that makes me remember the reason I'm not.
I follow back :) when I see you my wall starts to crumble. I know I should stay away buy our chemistry is just to hard to ignore..
Wow that's is one of the craziest things I've ever seen if only I was capable of such a thing(;
We deliver to your door!
Follow Mi new #twitter Fools ! ;)
is off to bed knuckle-heads! lol
Mandatory Hispanic Rant (Addressed to everyone): My name is Jose, it's not that difficult to remember. 90% of male Mexicans have that name.
FREE show tonight
I don't get along with Mannequins and other Fake PPL.
Happy birthday !!
Judas comes from the Hebrew name Judah (praise). Let's remind ourselves today of who we are that way we won't lose our way when tempted.
i miss what we use to be
"Have you ever seen a bigger collection of douche bags?" - my mother, talking about
who wanna text :) ?
Thanks for your message! I'll add it to my Magick Hat for this week's Messages from the Spirit World!Blessings, Psychic Bob
dnt btch bout it if u gon stay widd me after i cheat
lol ok. What else u lookin fir
RT : Don't forget tonight is Silver Taps. Nothing personifies the Aggie Spirit more than standing for our fallen comrades.
Going to attempt the 5:30am wake up call to get my booty to the #WAC tomorrow...
Everyone is beautiful even You <U+2191> and You <U+2193> You <U+2199> You <U+2196> You <U+2190> You <U+2198> Oh & You to <U+2197> <U+2665>
#ThingsIFear all the conspiracy theories i've read being true! or the world turning into the movie 'The Road' now how scary was that film?
Joe please don't get raped
POWER HOUR SOON!
Fresh Session Droppin Tonight...
The person who does not take action is no better off than the person who cannot take action. - Unknown
they seem very confident that no contamination will occur that they r no longer putting it on labels.
We are always looking to buy rare #Records & CDs items or entire vinyl record, CD or music memorabilia collections. e-mail
i dont want talk to nobody right about na;-(
Even though the BlackBerry I'm using this week is completely temporary, I'm totally moved in.
excited to be seattle bound but i'm already missing DC and i haven't even left yet
thats because his wife is on that basketball wives show..lol
Never be bullied into silence or allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one’s definition of your life; define yourself. ~ Rober Frost
it is 7am in Los Angeles. Maybe you're jet lagged?
Not coolRT she cheers for the team playing against the packers every week
Registration Secrets - Stupid simple registration and begin with the end in mind.
if u mean "kicks", then yes, I agree. But "Broken Jaw" at the end of their album is the effin' jam. Give it a try.
yea to the point where we said 'that's shumai???' haha
I love watching toddlers and tiaras.
get a 100 cds printed and duplicated for just $35
my sister is graduating college tomorrow.. holy f*ck time freakin' flies.. ):
IBM Unveils New Line of Integrated Systems - PCWorld
Successfully completed all graduation requirements for Army's Officer Candidate School.
Being Single is not a sin...pretending you're not...well that's another thing all together.
Hm are there really ANY nice wines from Australia? Any I bought I ended up using for cooking but I'm a French/Italian snob.
Thanks so much! Love the redesign :D
Smashmouth's "Allstar" is playing!!! Old school music never gets old!! Hahs
I'll enjoy it when this one no longer counts
I am Settling Somewhere and I approve this message. :]
too bad more guys don't realize this.
good look
This should be a great panel! RT Up next: Creating compelling brand content. Welcome
What's your favorite track? - The B Side RT : Great new album...
Aha! Thanks for the correction!
Thank you very much! :)
Literally sitting in a classroom with no windows and the power is out. Aka pitch black
Follow along - good night, god bless
haha. yeah, next time I want something that makes me rethink eating dinner that night... I'll go for super 8!
BIG UP EVERYBODY AT THE GURU TRIBUTE REST IN PEACE, RESPECT TONYTOUCH, DJ PREMIER, DJ SCRATCH, GRAND PUBA, GRANDMASTER CAS AND KOOL HERC
We shoot two scenes on filming days, and there's usually a commonality between them. Today's theme is: glass dildos.
Hope everyone is safely drinking at home, while watching the storm. Scary stuff out there in Austin.
Moving day music -
As good as it felt to vote for her, have to say it felt even a bit better for Sumi! RT Vote Kloppenburg today!
#somenonunitarianstoo lol RT : "What kind of god do you not believe in?"
Trying to switch from tofu to tempeh. Any suggestions? recipes? Restaurants?
Cheer conditioning= hardest thing ever
Fun, busy weekend: outdoor market, REAP Gala, Monroe St Walking Tour, What are you looking most forward to?
Lol, what is facebook? I'm starting to forget
Taco Bell must be pulling in all there money today ! Happy Cinco De Mayo ! And also happy chupacabra day :)
Some people just foolish!!! Smh it is what it is tho!
I'll consider it.
Sounds like you have a great day in store. Some of my today's highlights include gym, lunch with mom and #SuperBowl Woot!
i will once im off follow limit <3
Blastn That Trill By A Real OG! Happy G_Day
I don't see how this is a useful statement to make. I'm pretty hard core Christian and I don't think liberals want THAT.
I wish this week would be over already. I am nursing a bad tooth, son got bite by a dog and I am having issues with my Laptop's keyboard.
Teams win!
What's your dream car?
Bored with this drive already!!! #lifeofaroadwarrior #CLV bound.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-43
#ff our personal twitters and
8. Im sensitive at times
Might be a smoking jacket party coming up in the very near future... Get ready!
Awe Mr.Reed, you're so sweet saying i rule and stuff. hahaha
MT : Nice wee chat today w Martin O'Neill re: Neil Lennon & why #Celtic fully deserve SPL title. Martin is thrilled for Neil.
+ wild horses, lions, tigers or bears couldn't keep me away from free food. There's even a bartender! How could you not be there?!?!
love it!
You've just touched a nerve. Then those same guys are in Starbucks in their yellow spandex screaming over my a.m. coffee
#WakeMeUpWhen the world has gone green!
what about lax <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Stop Mayweather* kid
Sitting In The Car Watching My Neightbor Smoke On His porch Lmao Hes Talking to Hiself ... Wtf
Wanna drive someone in your life crazy? Go out for Chinese, and then rip up your fortune cookie fortune without reading it.
they will be 200?
So disappointed with Sprint!!! I *need* help after 1/2 a decade and they can do nothing for me even with the protection plan. Ugh!!
my damn phone is messing up.. cant even text my babe to wish him a happy day
no he's not
All women have an hour glass figure - it's just that they all tote around different amounts of sand
Did you know that C.B. Brooks invented the street sweeper in 1896? It was a truck equipped with brooms! Tell us other Black History facts!
Now im bout to go skate this shit off
Second & Sebring gets me every time.
ooc; haven't been on in long. Sorry.
ill dm you the email address!
Still on my reading list -___- Oh well. All the more reason to look forward to spring break.
Just a gave a shout out to ! :)
How excited am I, I have my first ever Acupuncture appointment at 5:15 PM I am so excited and scared! Happiness is far eastern medicine!!!
back to ehh :P hahaha well still!! Stay healthy and safe!! :)
whipped cream?
Knew tradeshow display just arrived. I'm giddy. This is not normal.
Haha, yeah I'm about to eat like a pig in this house right now, LOL.
Never been more excited to be in a bed..
Yum RT : Dinner = DCFM peppers, onion, bok choi/chicken/ brown rice stir fry with Asian Jazz-based sauce. Good.
Thanks ! Glad you made it out! Next up is "How Does She Do It?!" Panel Forum on Oct. 26th in San Diego! DM me for invite!
We hav a part 4 u 2 play in a Compton Hood Movie 2 star about FRESH-OUT NIGGAZ putting in work. Hola 4 more
Happy Mother's Day, Moms!!!
Follow that chat on water going on right now at
If you are in Florida We have open Casting for our network Friday Oct 14 6-9 pm and other shows email
Invigorating night talking to potential new talent for !
SexTip: Run an ice cube over your lover's body while it melts before sex! They'll get the chills, and then you can warm them up.
Bad choice to sleep on the futon last night..
good game today. enjoy the time off.
God writes the gospel not in the Bible alone, but on trees and flowers & clouds
Just say no to SOPA.
i can't believe you...
Thanks for #listing #AlexanderInt /design!
“Mention Great Outdoors Week and receive $2 off admission to through May 22!"
AmiCloake5628, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Shippin up to boston.
really?? Mostly guys are here first
USA vs Mexico soccer: Showdown at the Azteca (World Cup Qualifier), August 12th. Watch is live at FOX Sports at 1:00pm.
Today’s chat is joined by resident #SalesSuccess expert, Mr. Mark Fears of Here’s a TweetBio about Mark...
I got to meet isiah mustafa and Craig Allen, aka actor and writer behind old spice guy! It was such an awesome talk #ROFLcon cc:
We had wine tasting on our way to Ensenada, I had no clue that Mexico has very nice wines ! Next time gotta get some extra time for that
#AustinMahoneToBoston PLEASEE TREND THIS!?!:( please come to Boston
um...Theron. You do know I live in Seattle, right? :) Go to Pike Place Chowder while you're at the market, SF has horrible chowder!
Happy St. Patty's Day!!! Be safe.
Lakers getting whooped!
Ok so I caught up with game of thrones. New ep is tonight at 10est right?
What is going to happen to everyone on New Year's Day...they will all be another year older...better to be above ground than below it.
Great vignettes on the cycling books. Looks like I've got some new summer reading materials to procure.
Two new blogs coming soon! First, the top 5 most evil politicians. Then, I look into the case of the gay roosters. Stay tuned suckers!
Mother tells me I don't speak proper English (who does) and then can't pronounce scholarly. Good job.... Doing the most already today. -_-
They're so good!
At the Karl Strauss right near the reception. Join us!
thanks! nice work! xo
Sure thing Lynn; if you "follow" us, I can then direct message you the special $45 link for purchase. Thanks!
We made 2 people happy by giving away $500! Congrats to Nathan and Martha!
I'm not the type of person who puts this kind of shit all on twitter, but seriously? Again? It's getting old + you're getting worse.
cliff lee man!!!
what about us here in US I would LOVE to have a copy!! :-) job well done!
You can't think of dying when a bottles your bestfriend in the world.
if you are having flu symptoms coffee will seriously weaken yr immune system. Tea is the trick. Get well soon!
Thank you!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY USHER happy birthday to one of the best entertains ever...love ya Usher...Live it up!!!!
Sports, and baseball especially, can be a cruel mistress. 2009 helped obv, so did tonight, but I still feel pain from 2004.
My dog Baxter of course!
Wait, I thought Rick Perry was a 'friend of Marcus Bachmann.'
Goals help focus you on areas in both your personal and professional life that are important and meaningful, rather than being guided by ...
nah Kobe don't pass I don't pass shit !!!! You have to admit my skills are nice as fuck <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Holy HR. I am going to the wrong game today!
Does anyone else have problems with the event report in Google Analytics for CampusGuides?
I want someone to knock beiber tf out
Where's Clark!?
You know after WM 28 being in Miami WWE is not going to be here for a while.
I did appreciate them emailing me so I could opt out, at least. Heh.
Don’t find love. Let love find you. That’s why it’s called falling in love because you don’t force yourself to fall, you just do. <U+2665>
Gleason: 'Jersey Shore' star generates boxing buzz - Times Herald-Record
Happy birthday to my mom!!! can I have a happy bday from you to her? She loves you (and my present for her hasn't arrived...)
Banging Refill remix #MMG MMMMMAYBACH MUSIC THE SUMMER IS OURS!!!
Did you mention no pay?
#RichardBranson Poised Creation in Detroit would like to pay homage!!
Just asked a coworker if the flowers were from her lover. They were from the office because her father died. Apparently I signed the card.
Its hot out here in Scottsdale, we see you ladies
“ #UAintHittinItRight Unless that HOE in a Wheelchair the Next day!! #CrippleHerAssDOWN!!”
Bradley Manning Trial In Depth: Notes from a Courtroom Viewer in Bradley Manning’s Article 32 H... | via
loved you from your first audition and you only keep proving me right! you WILL WIN THIS! Awesome job tonight!
I don't think that Brood War quite likes being run on a modern machine. Some interesting graphical glitches but I killed some #zerg!
<3 you too.
have fun tonight!
That one is moving up in my list of
#WITI #WTMJ #WISN #Fox 6 #CBS 58 Transit Plus being investigated by Milwaukee County Transit 4 the mistreatment of disabled elderly man RT
Just saw the #discovery fly by my office. So cool! History happened right in front if my eyes!
It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up magazine.
You guys I'm n pe and its soo damn boring over here -_- and yes i am coming to twitter for entertainment .
Why did you mention yourself O_o?
Yes it would! // RT : Hubby just asked me if would be at That would be awesome!
Good night sweet dreams everyone..
I still think I am the world's worst Tweeter.
Yes, because that generalized data is ALWAYS used to say that there's nothing wrong with doctoral education in any field.
I'm in multitask hell.
“: Thank you for following :)”no doubt. You are welcome.
Ugh School Tomorrow
Lmao me nd my twin not fuckin wid her right now, gotta love us !
Just a reminder that #Swamppeople is back tonight!
I'm leaving behind all the fake people in my life and yes I know who you are !!!!!!!!!!
Fridays would be later nites tho Cuz we close later one Fridays and Saturdays..
shit just layed up in this damn hospital
Y is it that because I'm the oldest person on the bus it makes me the person that all little kids want 2 talk 2 8(
No! I never look pretty! #stoplying ! And oh gosh. Don't bring my mommy into this.. Ahahah (;
remembers Dr. King today. Did you know #MLK was only 35 when he won the Nobel Peace Prize ?!
And to you. Merry Jesus Day!
Yes, I am learning that God knows best, I just seperated from my church because of something painful that happened there.
"Are you impressed?" This is what I ask my toddlers each and every time a car rolls by blaring crappy hip hop, rims-a-spinnin.
hey doll follow back
Greater reach=more artists served! Help us help artists - Retweet 2 help us hit 1,000 followers by end of day!
I can't thank you guys enough for sharing and mentioning my work. Goodness...that's all I can say. :-D
It's my Birthday today what shall I do?
Capitals cut the lead in half with in seconds!
Conjecture is new NBA deal needs to get done by Wednesday to get regular season started on time.
presenting 2 bills in Asm Ed right now: AB 719 protecting special ed funding and AB 1304 to expand linked learning in schools.
Terri's Tuesday Tweets (Transform 2012) first five to email me can register one person for full price & get one free
how long?
quality comes at a price, there are clubs out there who are willing to shell out to get the big names, can't overlook needs..
Cool TNT's announces upcoming Mystery Movie night, 6 TV adapts of best selling novels. Agree? CSI & others losing appeal, SO formula.
Life anxiety.
Sports in Brief: Vonn garners her 4th crown Lindsey Vonn of the United States won the World Cup giant slalom race in Are, Sweden, Friday
But I miss my bestfriend already :(((
Do youu have a map??? Cause im lost in your eyes
check out my new pr business that I opened... www.royalimagepr.com
Bird Toys SaleCheap Hagen Living World Pacifier for Medium Birds - bird toys for cockatiels
who?Hope your alright..<3
Someone is floating around in a pontoon boat on the lake in my backyard.
We can all relate to this...he's in my class right now Hahaha
. Dawkins has said for years that he is strictly speaking agnostic but effectively atheist. A 6 on his scale of belief
When white and black people think that mexicans actually celebrate cinco de mayo and have like a huge party with tacos and a piñata <
Are they still together with Hailey?
RT : had me doing late night conditioning outside (good job 2nite. Put in the work,earn the Prize! #Dedication)
Hey y'all, sup at #usguys this evenin? "The heat brings u down" !? doesn't sound good ..
So looking forward to my yoga class tonight Love the way yoga stretches and strengthens my back.
have faith
Comcast makes me wait 4 days to send a technician 2 fix my problem. I could easily get AT&T to switch my service before then. Comcast u suk
I miss you guys
I'm FTPing files to my Softlayer server from airplane wifi. That's above-cloud computing.
thanks rodney stuckey and al jefferson
“: so glad all the movbwives will b back 4 a season 3!!!” super excited!
Austin ._. I'm on a diet :/ This gets me hungry :/
Just saw an Internet Explorer commercial and immediately started laughing.
Happy St Pats to all! And good luck to our #Hoosiers vs. VCU tonight!
and we have cool kids too! #bonus! What's with the #hashtag hashtag?
Good day evrybodii
waking up in a good mood >>
In the truck with my girls and her mom and Summer Playing Big sean - ASS LEGGO On our way to the hotel Party;)
FEAR nobody BUT god !")
watching the caps kill the rangers! AO!
Random Fact: Number one Top-selling Album of All-Time selling 29 million copies is Eagle’s “Eagles/Their Greatest Hits – 1971-75.”
The Infuse Meetup was awesome. Just join the Infuse-Open Mic group to find out about future events. Anyone can perform a poem or song.
So that didn't work out... but thanks!!
Be sure to wear an elastic bandage or support bra to minimize swelling of the breast after a breast reduction.
i need motivation today!
Nope.I hope you had fun watching it!Lots of love sent from me sent to you!
I'm scared of your profile pic. with a pic. like that u should not b judging anyone! All God's kids r beautiful grow up!
That woudl be excellent. Thank you for the offer!
Why don't you find a cause that helps people, you are closeted? That's what they say about your type.
#IfICouldIWould Ask Her Out :)
En route to Portland for a great SKC weekend! Our boys are on fire and will be there to support an 8th win!!
Arctic Monkeys tonight. Looking forward to going out.
I sure hope not! I can't stand her!
Happy Sunday to my stars! What are you doing this weekend?
like the beatles in their later years, it's weird to see the individual members of radiohead stand on stage as a band.
free book to those abroad. Historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun. www.Smashwords.com code TR46Z.
Heading out to Sunday dinner with the fam. So much to b thankful for this Christmas. New beginnings. Rekindled love. Happy future. Blessings
Using my miles to fly, which mean $140 round trip for flight. Craziness.
Victory Loves Preparation
Don't forget Johnson County as well. The JCHS Golden Eagles knocked off East Ridge to claim the 15th Region Boys Title.
OFFICIAL VIDEO!! FA DAT....GO CHECK IT NIE!!.....ND RESHARE D-Boy "No Feelings" | | Shot By : via
my bad need to getbto 200 or 300 please help thans love u
& wait he's white lol o:
if you got a follow from you're so lucky.
True to your word...thanking :) Thanks for all of your great input as well. Great resource!
I'll bring us a bottle so we can wine and dine and maybe... Nevermind. :)
Did anyone get pictures of the topic sheets that were written up during the talk?
if it's "Hazel"'s basement, is the wood-panelling "Hazelwood" ?
#BlackFriday wish I could go but I have no money to get my girlfriend a present for Christmas. ):
You are NEVER going to notice me :(
really curious how well the live streaming will work. Might be the part I'm most looking forward to this time
Thanks! Great group tonight. “: thanks to david murphy for giving an AMAZING presentation today at :)”
We can only go to spring fling for about 45 min- 1hr but your mom is going to have to take u home or u come to my game.
What is doing open at 5:45 am?? What am I missing out on?
#aboutme i played on the golf team in 9th grade
Tired isn't even the word actually.
thanks for the encouragement! And I'll definitely take you up on those pep talks. Have a feeling I'm gonna need em!
lol very low key.
Everybody sneezing and blowin their nose # ewwww
One cannot make a slave of a free person- for a free person is free even in a prison. ~Plato
nighty night syd!!! Love ya chica!!! I'll see you bright and early in the morning!!!
haha we'll flip tomorrow no worries
You confuse me. You show me you care one day and the next you completely ignore me?
I has iPad now and graduated yay, what apps to use?? (also Skype to come soon) [facebook]
Beautiful day for a drive to Schenectady. Looking forward to spending some QT with Mama Carter!
am I really watching the world series of poker..
ALMOST FAMOUS {'',}
For the record, I still haven't *eaten* anything at White Castle.
been a while. How's everything going?
Thanks!!!! I was feeling springy today.. even though it's a bit more like summer out there!
miss your face MORE
me too:)
says keep people engaged and #connect! Nice to hear same tips gave reiterated!
Been doing the work hard/play hard thing too much lately. Taking 20 minutes to sit in the sun and recharge my batteries. Right . . . now.
Now That I Am Older When I sink my teeth into a steak they stay there.
i know huh? i'm coming that way with Hoo Ya Wit Ent. in a week or 2
US Hispanic buying power was $1.1 billion (2011). Ahead of Turkey, Australia, Argentina, Saudi Arabia and South Africa.
Feeling fly like a ... Cessna.
You need to give one at the next Ignite Reno.
Can't wait to bring the family to our first game tomorrow buddy! We should have been there by now, sorry!
Vampires suck blood, steals plasma.
Thanks Greg! You've been such an amazing supporter of what I'm doing. So appreciate it!
Love me some #nadasurf !!! Check out their new album The Stars Are Indifferent to Astronomy.
Listening to in the end by linkin park with my friend on the bus. Sick
maybe I'm selfish, I want you to myself I can't help it
I'm stoked for this damn tour! It's gonna be sick! Sucks FATS is in the blue. It would've made it PERFECT if
Massage, pronto.
haha my life
I know!!! RT : if you were here, we would be doing hoodrat stuff and using up at least 5 YOLOs lol
working today til 11pm! Come get pierced or tattooed!
Bitch I want my money back !
#youmightbeanautismparentif your holiday shopping list is full of -ists.
Back to the hockey rink!
Mark your calendar Oct 1st, 9AM is the Metuchen FOL Used Book Sale on the library lawn. Be there!
music link on profile
thanks for the tweet. We love Bob.
: "and it hurt to hear it. It made my heart ache. Then I'd listen to it again." Precisely.
"House on Haunted Hill" is cheezy fun too.
The line-up this year is fantastic too!
anyways. you make it home safely
Nothing like a great cajun meal @ the Final Four!
bagel or pizza
You know you're just BEGGING for trouble saying that out loud. justsayin...
Oh New Girl, you make me laugh SO fucking hard.
Your use of :D is baffling me. LOL. You are adorable & brilliant and I hope they get their heads screwed on and hire you. Xox
If ignorance is bliss, then what is knowledge?.....
RT : Statistical parsing is mocked: "a solution looking for a problem". Found good problems in translation, speech recognition.
what you tryna say?
I could literally stay at this house forever. I wonder if they'd let me move in...
- Can't Get Him Off My Mind !
dude you and me both
OK! Have you seen em before?!
how do u get very popular utube
no I will not
Offset it with the other side
I've had potato chips and orange pop... Someone should smack me
at my cousins bday party
Sometimes the best thing is...doing absolutely nothing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I hate it when people are at your house and ask " hey you have a bathroom?" no not at all, we shit in the backyard.
I don't get why he has a backpack when he's homeschooled. Jus sayin,
Great Easter holiday I had. Now its time to kick some butt
PLEASE go retro Craiggers batting stance!
RT - This nigga Jamar is some trash...he might as well be a Miami Dolphins fan. The only team I hate more than the Cowboys.
Playing Room 5 with in LA TONIGHT! $10. 10PM. Please help spread the word.
Thanks for following me! Hope all is well! Going to Texas tomorrow! woo-hoo!
Cape Verdeans were the first from Africa to come to America voluntarily
OH: You shouldn't do that to a poodle.
i love seeing my enemies ;; they hate me more everyday.
Excited for my informational interviews tomorrow with and Nike. Should be a day with tons of valuable insights. Wish me luck!
don't we all.
Watching work her social media magic on the train ride to NYC. It's nice weather out- for a duck.
U bet I am!
awesome workout, how are you feeling now?
thank you, have a great new years
Ok, rape & torture are off the table. Murder? Domestic violence? Suicide? And remember, the subject is what is NEVER acceptable.
mine was GREAT... yours?
reading is fundamental.
Higher Ground featuring Marqueal Jordan and the Players LIVE!!! @ Red Kiva, Wednesday, April 18th 2012!!! Be there Chicago!!
for everyone that has just started following me for some reason twitter want let me follow back as soon as i can i will.. thanks
Chuck Milligan explains three models under consideration by and the stakeholder process.
Must..not...type...your...mom. || RT You can always get paid for the one thing you do better than anyone else
It doesn't have a good beat and you can't dance to it "Onward, O' Lions of Greater Syria"
sex isn't everything
Win a trip to Hawaii just tweet
With arm out of my sling and strep throat on the run, I'm ready ready to break my 3 week poker hiatus at commerce casino on Tuesday...
If you turn your back on these people, you yourself are an animal. You may be a well-dressed animal, but you are nevertheless an
I can't believe you just called me an idiot. I'm offended.
Our boys, will FINALLY be releasing their debut album at HOB. Make sure u are there. If u still need tix, DM us.
So happy that summer is near.
which is that? I've spent time in some of the city's nicest and most appalling hotels
cat and i are taking a nap b/c we can.
It's Avengers time, midnight showing!
would be happy to help! What 3D format questions do you have?
I have switched fr Things to and am very happy. Large factor for me is ease of syncing. Still learning tricks of use
Are you really dating cody simpson ?
I read that yesterday. I admit that I don't know what to think either. In the very least it makes all composers look bad to most.
there is a little bit of truth to your tweet.
About to eat a bake potato
Great being back from vacation & seeing new fantastic followers! TY
Of course they would have Oprah present one of the most hyped awards of the night! Go Banksy!! I hope he's there.
to me no one won there was no real hits, got the video
is that so? Well then.
A Quick Guide to Staples Centers Playoff Prices
I guess we're about to find out.
She basically said that she wants to make sure that it is implemented carefully while working closely with public employees.
at in Nashville drinking a newly discovered flavor of --- Green Machine is delicious! ...waiting for
The highlight of moms trip to the cemetery was finding Babe Ruth's gravestone ... Topic of the night now
Is anyone studying for theology that has Hatzel
If you stay in your gym clothes all day long you will eventually workout..
Forget love - I'd rather fall in chocolate!
Tune in to FOX 5 tonight at 6 & 10 to watch Scripps Mercy's Davis Cracroft, MD, discuss the dangers of jimson weed.
is so prettyh ;p & thank you ;)
Let me see what I can come up with. I am in tampa but have relationships with people and non-profits across across the state
work work work. all i do is work.
"You can always become better"- T Woods
"indigenous information architectures"and self-sustaining loops: digital robots and how digital objects are accessed
i named the concert bass "piece of shit". does that count?
Incredibly proud of the NE DEN LCs...Great teamwork and wonderful sharing of resources! Looking forward to a wonderful 2010-2011!
No real press coverage in this city. Kinda dry around here... All I can say is Eric heard our music and he asked for my #
I need to wrk heavily on my how quickly I get angry... My temper is so bad at times
Thankful this morning! God is so good!!
Haloti Ngata vs. David Decastro. I like our chances
Grabbing food directly from the window
If you could rip a heart open and look at the feelings, people would have a different perspective on things especially the people they hurt.
Getting my jazz on today. Miles Davis in the morning and in the afternoon.
oh the joy of a trackmeet today.
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (vjf-mz)
Mets game with froday cuatro de mayo party yesterday & avengers today with not too shabby of a weekend
#confession I blow-dry my body:)
Best line of this movie: "If a man wants to see you, he'll find a way to see you"
#18conf if you believe parents have the solution they will have it
In line at Target for the Jason Wu line...time to bring out Bad Girls Club Maggie.
#Communication is the activity of conveying information, has been derived from the Latin word "communis", meaning to share
Does that mean you could use a hand up your butt?
It's a great day wherever you are in the world. Take advantage of it.
The vacuum is an amazing moth sucker upper! Ha! Who's in charge now?
Thieves steal expensive instruments from international orchestra
Having a nicotine fit:/
How does one celebrate National Toothache Day? At the dentist?
So she wana take me out watt???;
A sure fire way to piss me off at an audition is to eat tacos.
How goes it ?
Please don't be sick, please don't be sick, pleeaaasssseeee :'-(
Well excuse me!
Omg, my brother found my movie Blow! It's been in the trunk of my car for months lol
Adults After Dark- 205 North Ave 21202...Wet Wednesdays OPEN BAR 8-12 (NOT THE CHEAP SHIT EITHER) TONIGHT
I'm so sorry! I wish that we could give tickets to everyone.
Ugh how much I don't want to study for statistics
TUNE IN Radio Freedonia on WTJU TONIGHT at 11pm as members of CORSAIR invade our studios to spin heady jams and talk nonsense
Will be proudly wearing my #Blackhawks shirt when I drag my ass to the Home Team Charity Run in the morning.
good piece in Atlantic re: competing liberal/radical poles in #OWS. You didn't cover the libertarian pull: big in protests midcountry.
i cnt try out for track no more i cnt stand wishy washy ppl tell u one thing n denie the other
The world is bigger than you've ever imagined.. No man is ever worth of stressing over
ANY PROMOTERS LOOKING FOR THE NEXT BEST THING IN HIP HOP? WELL I GOT THE INSIDE SCOOP ON WHO HE IS!! CONTACT ME TO GET TO HIM FIRST!
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
guys, austin needs to make another video shirtless for our happiness lol also, so i can edit a new icon yay(:
Man my friend loves u
Lulz. that won't work... someone has to see it happen for it to be a "spark". :)
I like being able to connect with great people and groups!
3 pages of questions to write *facepalm*
Meme Omogbai: use collaborative inquiry to find out what your community wants. We spend too much time talking to each other.
Out on the town for my Grandma's birthday...jazz club...blue whale in little toyoko!
Keep and eye out for contests we are having this week and you can try to win a free pair.
FUCK ALL YOU ANNOYING ONE DIRECTION FANS
totally that would b fun! Good twitting w/ u
What about me??!?! I want to be loved! I love you guys!
Success is never final. Failure is never fatal. It is courage that counts. - Winston Churchill
Making muffins
Definitely just offered Jackson and Swisher for Hunter Pence lol
Divine love is my comfort in an ever-changing world.
More the garden than than the river, but salmon's a great guess.
First day back to school!! Here we go AGAIN!!!
ik i taught her good
nothing better than coming home from a great workout and then my 2nd class is cancelled!!
Busy weekend working aroung the house. Sore. Gotta stretch 'em out.
awesome! I work at a medical school now I wonder if they have a pharmacy program here.
LOL now give me suns tickets... That's more like how they would feel
yeah my roommate did Fashion Design and she switched majors. I couldn't handle it :)
Twitter is having a lot of problems right now..
So glad to be heading to bootcamp with No work out since Thursday! Let's do it!
thanks for the heads up.
that means you can drop pants on campus?
So what
why can't you just go to the MLB site (or free mobile app) to watch it?
diligence reflects success
and directed by . . . what's not to like?
East Liberty "Pot Luck" Team Meeting Thursday, March 15 6:00 PM Obama for America Headquarters (Pittsburgh, PA)
Fans want athletes to be passionate and show that they care but when Amare Stoudemire does it he's a selfish bad guy?
tj max web site sucks
She ratchet!!!
oh awesomeness! Did goal get reached and exceeded? cc/
I care!
Enjoy cus today is #boobiewed . Tomorrow I go back to my shoe avi. :)
Glad You are on here. Have a great weekend!
a house full of cats and they're all either neurotic or OCD.
hey, I have a weird question
Getting ready for
Waking up to 10-20 knot winds. Small craft advisory in effect, should be an interesting day.
u sure ur not I'll baby
This sinus infection can go away now..
"confiscate"??? Back to my original - I'd rescind tax cuts since they haven't = + jobs & the exxons are posting record profits.
Aw I feel so loved :) lol
A little too early, I'm surprised I got some 'jobs' again.. At least I'm earnin..
Scoops - Amazing Organic Espresso and Premium Ice Cream in Payson, Arizona
It is slavery to live in the mind unless it has become part of the body.
Missed happy hour ? Come see us right next door! We've got some great drink specials happening until 8 o'clock.
Goodbye Shiner Bock. Hello Underdog Atlantic Lager. And for you Shiner lovers, we'll have it in cans.
She a cool ass chick .
Anecdotes don't make good stories.
can we stop by and set you guys up with CodeSquare? You're one of our JC faves!
"When tongues wag, one must look back with a smile." - a lady who lives in a castle on a show.
O no magic continues for game 3!
Myth #2: All presses are created equal
I lived with a cat I loved for years after developing cat allergies...
omg won't u get sick of it the second time in a row
Vikings picked who??? Lmao wow
Just because I forgive you doesn't mean you have to be part of my life. I can forgive and dismiss.
One tweet mentioning Justin Bieber and I lose a follower. Sorry, guys. :(
So stupid.
i love him so much but its never gonna happen )':
I, no WE your #BelieberFamiliy will be there for you until the end ! because we love you ,and everything you do <U+2665>
wheat has arrived at Brix free tasting tonight from 5-6:30...oh yes I will be there. Watch out Boulevard Wheat!!
Visit The Bakken table at Music & Movies outdoors at the Lake Harriet Bandshell tomorrow evening!
Thank goodness, I was confused by this scrimmage I just witnessed!
who's ready for Mayweather v. Cotto this Saturday??
#ifidiedtommorow tonight i would wanna tell my mom that i loved her no matter how much we fight and to my dad how much i wanna provehimwrong
or maybe a rican one :p
Interview today for an internship at I am so excited and a little nervous. Wish me luck !
ouch RT: Is Bev Perdue running for office again? I want to be sure I don't vote for that hoe again.
Welcome. I have to talk you about joining our project. We'll need a good Cinematographer we can trust and learn from. Down?
“: I could really go for some Pinkberry and In n' Out. Yum. ...sounds like something dirty what made u think of that sicko?
yes yes yes!
I am
May the saddest day of your future be no worse Than the happiest day of your past. --Irish Blessing
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly "she ratchet" /
oh for sure... I'm a Gator so u know I'm gonna represent for Tebow ;)
COSTUME PARTY @ THE POLISH CLUB "Monster Mosh" Ft , Acrylic Lies, Perils Rise & I Feel Adventurous! $12
Woodbury Jewish Center seeks to evict Morrell Caterers - Long Island Business News
Just got done at the #crossingchurch #volunteering!! The Crossing Kids are amazing!!
Awweee so nice to me.. Thank you...
Must have tip - sunscreen every day and window film on the car… and PM Focused Repair in the evening.
Love what you do and what you do will reward you with what you love.
There is something very beautiful about the first time you walk out of the office late and the sun is still almost out
45 miles from home and I'm exhausted.. teleportation would be majorly clutch right now
are you fucking kidding me
oh baby, you can do amazing stuff in your sleep. We can see what thinks. We could do whatever makes you both happiest
How are you going to pay $35k for the opportunity to get more free throws and then miss them?
finally finished up 2011 taxes.. it tilt anyone else that the IRS office is in SF? feels like they should be holed up in some wintery hell
my tenant Julie has xtra bd, & she will protect you :-)
thx for following me to
I'm glad some people agree lol.
if i win , i will be so happy everything keeps going bad for me :(
Agree. Just got out of mtg where same argument was made. RT An IR may or may not have DP; DP may or may not be tied to an IR
I love how i brag about you.
Digging through random older music.. Bad bad songs, but such great great memories. I love when's beat triggers a "flashback".
Song of the day: "Toes" by #ZacBrown "Got my toes in the water, ass in the sand, not a worry in the world, cold beer in my hand"
Is it friday yet??
Soon as I find a permeant poison I'm getting a new number ASAP
haha I get it now you ass
I'm. So. Tired.
I hate teachers who think that they can treat you as they like. I hate rights too and the law is against you.
What ingredient are you NOT particularly fond of?
Wow. Yet more reason not to watch that drivel.
'Windy City' - Simon Scott's Chicago politics parody: 'mayor was found ... face lying on ... a prosciutto and artichoke pizza. Great humor!
FAIL.FAIL.FAIL.FAIL.
I also am slightly obsessed with W&G but this is like weirdly the same. I feel like it's a knockoff. By the same creators.
You can tell you ate too much for Thanksgiving when you have to let your bathrobe out.
Mexican fiesta is dope. I like running into family members every 15 minutes
RIP Donna Summer my favorite singer.
thanks i will definitely remind you
If you made a film about this weekend in DC, what would it be about?
Kicking off our 20th anniversary the right way by attending #CHRA2012!
Where do we get the field trip forms for Monday?
Roses are red violets blue Ellen you're the bomb! and a great dancer too!!!! love you
I be on Tumblr a lul bit TOO much!
great seeing you in Chicago! Marshall..send me an email this week..we need to connect
So they have #instagram for #android now
56-39. We're still up.
Me and gotta go to this Childish Gambino/SchoolBoyQ concert
no! Change is good! Most of the time...
Mike Watt, Deerhoof&#39;s John Dietrich, some other fellows start Hand ...
Thanks to for the follow!!! Text messaging is a great way to add to your customer database while at the fair! Ask us how!
of course you can, it's still a fixed percentage regardless of the cards. Is it relevant without cards? No
That's odd. I thought Mitt Romney had settled on Ted Nugent as a running mate.
Congratulations! RT 3 Duke UP books won awards last night. Come check them out at our booth, #107. Open until 7 tonight
I can tell my boyfriend anything.
ur a retard aren't u
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 53
happy Easter hope you have a great day <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093> x
Thank you!
- just so that i get it. Please correct me if not... If they are involved in their own understanding, they will be able to learn.
OMG CONGRATS
Ask/Tell Tonight and Tomorrow at 7 155 Bank St.
Only 1 day left - RT this & follow us now through the 18th and we'll send you a 20% discount voucher.
Who's ready for some FREE breakfast?! Free Breakfast Month starts on Monday.
lameness at wrk <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> I was def glad to be home! I've also been in a gym funk & not feeling it.. I need to get my motivation back.
Thank you Lily Allen. I needed you today.
mine were awful... A month?
My mom:who's that Teen: Usher Mom:oh I've heard of him,he has some good songs Teen: he made Justin Bieber gramma Mom: oh really,that's nice
Its cute how much he cares . <3
#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand "Ahh!" "What?" "I just pinched myself" "Suck it up!!"
#The moment when the little things make you happy;&:))
Looking forward to all the traveling this summer :)
freaky fast delivery
Congrats! always Ready!! Get em!! #BEATLA!
Trash bag + Heels = Cute. Therefore daisy dukes + heels = cute. As long as she's not a minga in the face or fat...
“: No matter how much my Mavs disappoint me at times, I'll always be a Mavs fan for life so deal with it #MFFL”
It feels like ur just pushing me awayy..... :'( And i hate tht feeling.
Why you mad? You asked for my opinion..
Had a good day chillin wit my niggas.
10:22pm and I'm 30 min into a 90 min imperial ipa boil... I'm messed up.
rise and shine! today is going to be a beautifully sunny day in the nation's capital :)
Why is the dork from #thedecemberists get a blurb on the back of bob mould's bio
Wow fuck my life
Drive around in art... We completely agree!
People drive like such pussies
What to eat..what to eat...
just saw before it breaks solo at this competitions.
if only you RT mine... :/
Lots of Lion & iOS5 upgrades are keeping us busy these days. Need HELP give us a ring!!!
Oh Schroeder how I'm counting the days! You going!? We should grab a beer before if so!!
They can hate all they want, but Omega is taking over in San Antonio.
This is beautiful! A face that only a mother could love!
very inspiring talk from at
When FarmVille and mafia wars gained attention I knew FB had jumped the shark for me.
Come make a difference at #ToysforJoy this Saturday and catch a pre-release performance of my new album, Would love to see you out there!
We know he was a PASSIONS fan. What would Spike have thought of the original DARK SHADOWS? He probably saw it!
Everybody asking are we twins. Like yes.
Crack = the ballers drug of choice
oh my gosh, I love you!
Excellent dinner and Jazz at Barrett's Grill in Hunt Valley!
email your order to and we ll give you a quote!
Ordinary people become extraordinary, once they have an encounter with the fire of the Holy Spirit!
I want to take my last breath right before Josh does. I don't want to be here to witness his.
"That is the squirrel you are looking for. That is the squirrel you are looking for." Me trying to get my cat to run head first into window
fine good and you?
little disappointed not to see you playing for today on ESPN when you went head-2-head w/
Just watched fireworks from the Sunken Garden - pretty good showing this year. And we didn't get stuck in traffic on the way home.
so today i basically got paid to drive my boss's car back from mount kisco and throw boxes into a truck all day.FTW
Give your girl a follow back!
This Sunday night (10/9) we Celebrate 's Dirty 30 Birthday Party at Closet Sundays inside
When I get to therapy early I swing by the AM/PM and drink in my car. And then I have something to work on when I get in there.
C'mon out, everyone! RT : The weather tonight is perfect for a GhostWalk in
Howard is another ego maniac, get rid of him and get people who want to be there, Orlando. Sincerely, Cleveland
JORDAN pretty pweezee say happy bday to my friend rosie!?
think the Tops get the Cats in Louisville?
"She's got a love like woe"
Been huge thoroughbred racing fan for 30+ years. Yet had trouble following HBO's Luck dialogue. Hooked anyhow!
Thanks mman, we appreciate it! We're following you on here, where do we follow your graffitis?
ok I deff will when I get back :)
I can't wait for tomorrow morning! #Questions part two will be incredible!
According to guidebook, you're are a SE Asia veteran when you can climb out of a bus w/out bumping your head. I'm looking forward to that!
Dear cold/allergy thing, I don't have time for you so please move along. At the very least, start responding to meds. K? Thanks.
Thanks, we're doing our best to make it as painless as possible, maybe a bit fun too.
getting ready for bed I have stupid skool tomorrow :P
aww really? thank you! BTW How do you set up autos??
Great! Glad ya enjoyed it!
aww thanks happy mothers day to u too !
How many other #workingmoms are trying to balance Spring Break-no school with their kids?
I love how the weather reflects my mood.
4 and I get out at 10
A great loss to archaeology. Lewis Binford RIP
HELL YES!!!
Family first.
Legitimately teared up. I miss all of us, man.
#wow #xfactor so lip singing gets the #stereohoggz one step closer to $5M.
Real recognize eal and my nig you a stranger ..
Why is all the lemon juice artificially flavored, but the furniture polish has real lemon juice. Who does decide anyway?
Just like a "Back in 10 Min" sign at brick and mortar store. I have no idea when you put the sign up so I don't know when the 10 min is up!
Me, and are free agents for the #shamrockshindig. Looking for a team that needs us!
I just realized i dnt drink as much as i used to...
Tonight's grappling...controlling from top and break downs!
FAFSA barely gives me loans like they know I'd spend it irresponsibly as a result of never outgrowing the fifth grade sparkly gel pen phase.
#gossipgirl plays the best music ever <3
Repeating Myself <<<
2nite old school sunday inside ! video mixing all nite! Come out and enjoy our drink specials!!!
I need to have a dance party before trying to finish this last proposal. Thank GOD I knocked a big chunk of this out on Saturday
Drink deeply from the fountain of knowledge. Don't just take a sip
@ if we are getting technical than lives in the best place on earth
We think so! :)
congrats yo!! may you be showered with a plethora of polish sausages.
That's a bad thing, right?
Correction: make that the Fort Riley (KS) cavalry. So many forts out here in Kansas, easy to get them confused. Or make them up.
LMFAO is a disgrace to this country.
Thanks for the RT!
totally. Palm trees don't make excellent shade trees. :)
Awkward moment when me and Donny have the same ADHD medicine..
what movie are you talking about?
USF Women's kicking off against St. John's here in a minute. Let's go Bulls need the W to keep playoff hopes alive!
I wanted to say do ur fat ass have fleas lo...but he looks like he only 15 or younger
A fine Tuesday to both of you!
Can't wait for 2011 to end! Bring on 2012!
you're welcome!
Spent the day on set, filming a really challenging restaurant scene with co-actor Trevor Clark. It's so awesome to work with prepared actors
I found I could set up Outlook to check my mail on google its still downloading Jan. 09 email and has to work through all my mail to present
literally two streets away, faggot
Just had a ViPeel with Boughton Dermatology in #lajolla & saw Dr. Scalise. She was super helpful and took time to answer all my questions!
only 85 more tweets until jesus comes
RT : What are you thankful for? We're thankful for our community of donors, partners, projects, and volunteers
": When someone says 'I love you' make sure you watch their actions more than their words."
New Building by Perkins+Will for The Johns Hopkins Hospital Unites Architecture, Urban Design, and Healing To Redefine ...
I'm out.
Reading Puppy Diaries inspired me to not give up on training Sully. Off to Wagtime with him soon.
An estimated 2.8million #chlamydia infections occur each year, and many people show no
Waiting to hear from VP Biden!
Who's up for some giant Jenga?
True. I'm sure there's more to the story. Hard to believe whatever "more" is could be a fireable offense though.
The Daily Drivers car review: 2012 Toyota Prius C hybrid
I prefer proof of concept myself. Started my last venture with a year of experimentation.
somebody tell me what 'occupying' accomplishes. not the idea (for reform, etc.), but the actual act; 'to take up space.'
heh. WIsh I knew where he worked… I'd love to hear about someone speaking poorly of my dept.
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is over self.
why thank you! :-*
Having the right focus is truly a beautiful thing.
Initial verdict: it works! Edits, exports, fullscreen. Haven't tested everything but tried most frequent functions.
that's a courageous prediction. :)
Corporate Sustainability plans should include utilizing recycled-content paint!
heyy there you enjoying china and make sure to take pictures
Had a great summer, thanks LA. Love to family and friends, will miss you all. Have a couple reasons to be excited to get to MIA
A2 Smart phone is all you need these days - mobile journalism is the future. Lots of good apps, cheap mic and of course, a good ear!
Love lives on hope, and dies when hope is dead It is a flame which sinks for lack of fuel.
oh your man is looking so handsome!!!!
Saw a homeless guy with his hand down his pants outside of the Dollar Tree. I really wanted to take a photo.
Closing time, Semisonic. >>>>
Can you believe it? Your city of Las Vegas Firefighters have handled 81,567 calls so far this year. That's nearly 10 percent more than 2010!
Dawg this traffic is blowinnnnn me. B/c I'm not high. Ha
I have already told her NO NO AND NO it's not persistency it's annoying at this point
Nude? RT : Just wondering, are there any addiction classes to help my #Instagram habits? I need it...BAD.
Big win, we're boss. Proud bearcat..
nope. I live away from all that lol
Scotland Yard Pub: "Geeks Who Drink" Pub Quiz tonight at 8pm. Prizes and fun and 'Cuse Basketball on TV!
Don't fuck with stoop kid
Wilma, cheap, inexpensive, inferior, and common
Once was enough for me. I have had some adventures that about scared the life out of me. You can read about them in my book.
Swim Good.
aw okaay so it still don't work at all?
Interesting part of Gruden's QB Camp was Russell Wilson saying ref told him he had time to clock the ball in Rose Bowl.
I love the hood. It always gives you what you need. Plug yourself into the hood and see how blessed you are.
Taking our intern for lunch for her last day. Farragut/Dupont, not too expensive, but not shabby either. HELP!
I like Tweetcaster.
it was missing 1 word I was saying work it girl!
Last week of swimming:D
what does vht stand for?
Coolin we gone get that track to yall next week brah what's up with the 1 you gone send
I'm about to give up on you again.
John Cena is so freaking finnneeee O.O !
okay then your going to be signed ? (;
Now on to this wine I've been wanting since mentioned it the other day. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
same here
Just shot two shows at Salvage part of Great stuff!
I'm just waiting for school to be over already!!
You ever have one of those gotta take a dump before you play but the bathroom at the club isn't a smart pooping situation? Yep. That's me.
Happy Mothers Day to my mom, grandma, godmom, and my wonderful 6 aunties.
this one old lady ha back problems so i tried to help her she said thankyou she looked up then said take my money dont kill
3 hours till i see u on 106&park and tomorrow UA drops! i am so proud of u diggy simmons:)
oh OK...hosting or just getting out of NC for a bit. Let me guess the NCAA's
For all of you gearing up for sailing season, aquamarines are believed to keep sailors safe and guard against storms.
Oh happy day! 's Between Gears came in the mail today! ...now if only I had any time to read it.
SLOPPY, SLOPPY, SLOPPY! C'mon Spurs, let's win this game!!
So I'm supposed to go to a game this weekend and my mom wants Sat but I don't think I can watch Stewart play...
i don't mean but
Ah yes, the #WHCD. Otherwise known as the Golden Globes of journalism.
Seems to be so far. Thanks for asking ;-)
text me back!
Love this: "Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast." (Through the Looking Class)
driver is packing up. will be leaving the restaurant in the next few minutes
80 degrees and sunny.. Perfect day to leave the "sick ward" aka my bedroom and go for a hike!
You know ain't finna let no shit like that stess me out cuz that shit right there is childish as hell
You the you the best I ever had
Europe is great. Limited internet is not.
So amazing....love this post!!
Pacers :( let's get game 2 baby
#TheCabinInTheWoods was absolutely phenomenal! Seriously one of the best original movies I've seen in a very long time.
Can people get hypnotized so that they think their partner's snoring is awesome & soothing?
I am, but not the rest of the guys. I'm filling in for this other team.
oh and when i find it its gonna be on HERE , DO TRUST !!!
I got to step out the house for a few minutes and run some errands. : )
Advocates will be in #Houston recruiting for the upcoming demonstrations in DC and MALS support! Stay posted for more!
Fanny Pack needs to go ! >:O
Happy late birthday:)
Salsa is always worth the after-effects
Happy St.Patricks day !!
Thanks for the props, DC. Glad you still watch us even though you're now "off the clock"!
Looking for good audiobook recommendations for some upcoming road trips! 10-12 hours preferred, but really anything would be helpful.
Awesome dinner at Wendt's on the Lake. Great place for delicious fried perch.
My point was that you'll all get kissed whether you have a date or not. So dont worry about reaching out to some bum
' forget her phone. I guess I'll be taking over the tweeting tonight.
i usually fall asleep around 4. Is that too early to be considered an insomniac?
Girl. You need to buy that shirt.
you follow me i follow you how that sound to you fair? <3
super sore throat....any ideas to make it feel better?
This can't help but be awesome :)
I'm too tired, big day ahead. Time to get my beauty rest Tomorrow is another day where is this month going yet again! #Frustrated #GdNight<U+2606>
re G+: I deleted the app and left my account up with a msg explaining that I use FB.
Awww, thanks! You have a great day too!
people please dont waste your time with this #EmpowerNetwork BS. Dont Believe the hype. Just stop and learn to really
stalking me teacher on facebook... lol
welcome to the Wonderful World of Twitter... Where every tweet makes a difference! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Oh my god thats the worst news ever, hes our setup man! RT RT : Extra Bases: Yankees sign Okajima to minor-league deal
If, after the flash intro, a button saying "enter" popups, I leave!
He has the cool car. He gets the girl.
know you are going to rock it like a rock star
We're thinking about hosting "The First Annual Fort Washington Crab Feast" live music...family...friends...in July? Tell me your thoughts?
what dish are you looking forward to the most for Thanksgiving?!
Ya Knows It
so are we behind? Blackmon just got announced...
Cuddling Sexy Girls >
Yeah I've heard them, good stuff.
Joey is sweating playing baseball
Happy Mother's Day.,!<3 I Love Yhu Momma.. :)
Make sure to follow for OCD Chris O'Donnell action I guess.
what do you need
One day I will beat at arm wrestling.
Lmfao! Good luck with the stuff with you know who.
no problem! Business is great in NYC! The city that never sleeps
Bill Campbell, Ryan Scott, and Bob Hart killing it @ La Taverna right now:)
Thanks so much for helping spread the word about
Sometimes it feels like no matter what I do it's not Good enough for anyone.
Wah! Bet you didn't want to wake up! Game on!
on the run today, placing orders and checking upholsterer, dropped new pillows in at clients who r @ work, I love the surprise.
Just migrated to an iphone. Thought I was up to speed on technology. Amazing communication tool!
#EMAC students! We're officially having an undergrad end-of-semester mixer Wednesday, 12/8 4pm - 6ish. Come meet your co-conspirators!
animal crackers circa god knows when.
Getting ready for the first ministry group meeting of presby churches following reorganization. Totally stealing ideas from
Two clutch 3 point shots made at the end but not soon enough. First we won by 1 point and today we lost by 1. This will be a close series.
Looking at Twitter timeline looking for something exciting. Probably not going to happen when it's close to midnight. Oh well!
It is comforting to know that not only the steps but also the stops of a good man are ordered by the Lord. George Mueller
So glad i got to talk to today.
Thanks for joining us at our online listening party! More treats tomorrow!
Bringing in the New Year with the love of my life,
Fellas im still not satisfied with our RB Situation..Issac and Dwyer are our top 2 backs,then John Clay
It's gonna be a great day! 1st my daughters softball game, then an evening out w/ my wife. Then catch up on my DVR
anything and everything. This is our 1st show. We're excited to walk the floor. We will be there with
okay thanks :D
If you wait to do everything until you're sure it's right, you'll probably never do much of anything. -- Win Borden
I'm looking to get 100 music lovin fans by my birthday in 12 days. Im workin on a sound track for a motion pic and need some good material.
Andy Cohen: I am with Jesus Barbie when we break the news about Osama Bin Laden.
just got home...
my lil bro is now studying weather in school. Next BG?
Im on them xany bars, my weed is medical! We trippy mane!
Excited to see my bff ina few weeks!
We wish we could be at #OutsideLands this weekend.
We killt it at tonight !!
What is your occupation in Brazil?
#ToDo Put my parents lawn-mower in my van and take it to Laura's house, Tomorrow at 12:30pm
what are your thoughts on the #Broncos next off season move? What will they come up with next?
my brother driving this car and holding this damn knife next to me ....uh uh, it's not gone work for me <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> <U+261D>
In order to realize the worth of the anchor, we need to feel the stress of the storm. #Quote Corrie ten Boom
Glad you think so :) And thanks for the tweet!
Looking for skilled #Operations #Engineers and #Site #Reliability #Operations #Leads for exciting #job opportunities at
Shwasted watching grease?
Location shoot tomorrow - if it doesn't rain that is...
Part of the shock is that the women at Dell I know feel very supported
we are working on that... How about a #yummy one on us during lunch next time? Ask for Mario he can take care of you!
That shower though <----- #Wonderful :)))
Got to chat with and yesterday! You have no idea how much I love those girls! They bring joy to my life!!:)
#WhyDoHoes expect to get wifed up after being used so many times SMH -.-
Boo.. AH!!! Lookin girl
#NeverShouldYouEver Compare A Girl To Another Girl .
This is why in fat...&ugly
99% of people in this world are Stupid. Luckily I'm the other 5%
#orphans8 After returning from the Dutch East Indies, Tassilo Adams was a curator at the Brooklyn Museum
check out pomplamoose on you tube for an awesome cover of that song!
I'm thinking like amazon reviews + angies list + stack exchange + twitter/facebook integration
Call me a purist, but blue M&Ms just don't feel right to me.
Woops! Again. We only said that at michael's height and the Olympus of BB he could relate to Lebron.
Now fans just being rude and stupid
Idk how to explain it
Moran tearing his knee at
Cloudy with a chance of seeing my boyfriend.
“: oh darn.. he needs to start working out!!” yeah start working out.
BRB SHOWER :P
"In the land of the blind, the man with one eye is the king."
Watching The Prince of Egypt. :-)
This Song Is Called<3
Check out this week's OK! Magazine for a feature story and pics about Dr. & Mrs. B's wedding!
My husband looked damn good in that video too im still in love with this man his music go hard any damn day!!
tummy hurts
Love this dat redbull generation music...like workin out for me!
On our way to panama city!
would love to hear your thoughts & answer any questions you might have!
With and with my mom jammin to music.
Nah! Just a busy week. Job interviews and project meetings. No time for man toys.
: We've got QR codes to Amazon for all APSA exhibit books at this point. Now we just have to test all of them...
yeah but ill make a plan don't worry
Excited to be a new member of the !
Hi. I got an email inquiring about you! Celebrity, sort of :)
See the greatest superheroes in on 4/25 @ 7PM in Denver! Txt SUPERHERO & ur ZIP CODE to 43549 to entr to win an ADMIT 1 pass!
thanks for RTing!
kaleideloops are coming!
"That's the parting of the #RedWings" and "The Red Wings just had longer sticks" should make the #NHLNetwork rated R.
would you say that a Bi woman is still lesbian...even tho she deals with both men and women?
if anything your stomach will thank you!
When your only happiness is constantly bringing you down. <
RT : Hard data is rarely enough. Activists must "package data into a narrative that makes sense - that makes people want to act."...
EveryoneIsBeautul Not all on the inside!
With hard work and persistence, you can find success.
You can make Spongebob really perverted if you try XD
Lastest IM Reviews Posts TABLET PC REVIEW: 3ft Sync/Charge Micro USB Data Cable for Amazon Kindle
I was seriously in the middle of typing this to you... weird! Haha see you son!
Forgot Biggest Loser was on tonight!
#FF Great new Tweets from Awesome!!
Thanks:D What's going on??
Mexican food is the best! :D <3
Thx 4 the follow. We hope u have a chance 2 dig you some Secret Skwirl. We're digging the Animal vibe! Best & success.
That it's an essay question masquerading as multiple choice.
“All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.” Walt Disney
why is it so hard to get noticed by you? :/ asdfghjkl
Well, JcPenny did not have the dress I wanted.
Hey omg I'm so sry forgot to answer u! - hangs head in shame
#VolcanoGirl For those dealing with #Carmageddon Volcano Girl is here to save you. But it will cost $5,000 per person. New rates.
“: #ICantStandPeople who ... wait, no I just can't stand people.”
That's amazing! I had no idea he'd be there!
We do download cards, but bands realize now they still need CDs & tees to sell at gigs. It just makes sense.
Now that's a crowd
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good. ~ Joe Paterno
I was so impressed with papers I heard @ Purdue's Early Atlantic Reading Group 10th anniv symposium this weekend.
- not that it matters, but why do people always get charged for mixed drinks? - think, wedding receptions sometimes :-)
#ThatAwkwardMoment someone comes up to you and says "you're Jordan, right?!" and you have no idea who they are.
Help us get over 1000 followers! We ask anyone who is truly serious abt making a powerful statement about CSA via film to join us!
Havent been around in awhile, but came back to hit up #followfriday and see my fav tweep // Hope all is well Every1
The two most dreaded parts of morning time: getting out of bed and drying my hair.
BBL. GONNA WATCH MB PERFORM! DEUCES<U+E011>
oh my gosh I'm so sorry! D': I'll pray hard for u too!!!
of course:)
60 cent pulled pork sliders all day today!!! Stop by #Shortysbarbq & help celebrate our 60th anniversary of making the best BBQ in town!
Someday soon. And hell, I'd perform for free. ;)
Will u give me a shoutout please??
Sorry to hear that.
yes! The show is at The Echo on Thurs!
Almost to Pharr TX. We are right on the border! I hope I find some killer Mexican food!
Youre a door man. Door man. Door man
I experience my worst fear everyday and it is terrifying.
When will endorse S-S-M? Fortunately, I live in a country demonstrating leadership and progress towards
How did I miss that your book is now out? Congrats on selling out Amazon!
I know you think(might even) love him but sometimes you have to let things go
Earn more money with hair extensions, weaves, & even making full lace wigs! For more info OR supplies email us @
I was all dreamy about Peace for a moment ... but, we'll have to fight the politicians first. (: Peace
dont TALK about it..BE about IT!!!!!and keep GOD 1st!!!
Spy shows have taught me never to work at a shipyard
lets see, yesterdays standouts..Saints, bounty, Seau #nfl, Rangers #nhl, Braves ChipperJ, Weaver nohitter, Dodger owners presser
Today is National Teacher Appreciation Day! So if you can read, count to 20, or write your name in cursive,
Still all eyes on Iran!
umm no one goes to the movies on sundays down here sweetheart
but i am not financially supporting anyone else, so my risky decisions about who i'll work for affect primarily myself...
It's cold af today
MY LAST RT DESERVES A MILLION RTS
I use 1 class blog for grad stdts. It's easier for both me and my students to keep track of posts that way, & fosters community.
My flow so tight should get his ass kicked on now
gorgeous avi babe
#MayweatherCotto Can't Wait !
its really good i follow the series regularly and just rewatch it constantly on netflix
#MyDayWasMade when my toughest professor who always fills my papers with red ink told me "you should be really proud of this piece"
But then that border guard will look at Angel—Angela Davis Washington, according to her birth certificate—
aww i will! and we all miss you too Katie!! <33
EVERYONE HAS THE RIGHT TO FREEDOM! SO WHY WE BAG IT UP IN DIME BAGS?
You did a WONDERFUL job this morning with #ecismg . It was good to see everyone at Innovation Connector in
“: Final at the Camp Nou! Very big congratulations to Chelsea FC for reaching the Munich Final! Barça 2 - Chelsea 2. #FCBLive”
I must focus all of my efforts on focusing my efforts
My libido is slowly fading away. Weird thing is I have no problem with that. Lookin foward to when the desire is gone.
#Hardsummer #countdown! Meeting up with and hitting the shops for some crazy rage outfits!
how the hell is Tannehill a top ten pick??? and then a guy like graham harrell go undrafted, i hate the draft
i wonder if the christian right in america would be as pissy about harry potter if it was published as "philosopher's stone"...
Angels can fly because they take themselves lightly. ~G.K. Chesteron
I want to make babies with you.
Count me in. Community engagement and environmental remediation through art is right up my alley.
Photoshoot at Mt. Hood today.
*raises hand sheepishly* That'd be me... I just wouldn't want to share what burb i'm from and have people stalk me...
Best Buy chief marketing officer resigns following CEO departure - Minneapolis Star Tribune
Reason 12 to love the BBA: Our businesses lean on one another for support. We are a team & do our best to support our team.
What I did last night had to be the stupidest thing I ever did.
key feature of your proposed tool: opt-in, not opt-out. :-)
Yeah Gonzalez!
Ugh. Joe Giudice is exactly that ... a thug.
If Tyga could really rap, he would be SCARY, cuz he easily has one of the hardest flows out there.
i almost died today at lunch people were acting like animals lol
Ask your child about their day and tell them about yours. This sharing time is often the most important part of your day!
thanks! I entered last year and nothing. But I'll enter Adopted this year. You read it?
Will you follow me ...
Then I shall bask in ' regard. :)
Im over this.
tweet jusstin bieber...get him to number one
Lol! :) Yaaay! I'm just watching a little bit of American Idol! :) Thanks for asking! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> How about you?
Re-Tweet about our beta site and be entered into a draw for a free SHdc sweatshirt!
should espn be responsible to holding syracuse tapes for eight years after they persecuted paterno for same thing.
Thanks 4 follow me
ayyee! im home alone! mom and dad gonna be gone all day! what time are you gonna get here? btw we got pizza & cake. LMFAO
“: Lets welcome chef Tetsuya our new executive sushi chef ” bring on the sushi!
People who shop at the flea<<<<<<<<<<<< ah lames these days
My line right now<<<<< a good convo would be great right now
Feels like spring. Aw
anytime i am following u can u follow me its ok if u dont want me to ?? plz reply back to let me know
Good thing I didn't text you something shitty this morning ;)
haha oh, more statuses about checking out girls? G, I think we need to have a talk.
Fall asleep on the couch, wake up, and The Five Heartbeats is on. Guaranteed to be a good day!
Nice view huh?
TNT just ran a commercial for Thunder Lakers game 4 and said its win or go home for the Lakers, so if the Lakers lose tonight somethings up
Hi c:
Thanks! Much appreciated. :-)
Enjoy! RT Just received wonderful cosmetic products in the mail today thanks to the generous sponsorship of !
Good morning, Kathy. Another fabulous tweet, thanks!
One in Glen Burnie, but most Target's seem to carry them.
The Method is too cumbersome, it has too many check points. You are constantly checking.
whats good fool
If I choose you over sleep. You better, I repeat, BETTER feel pretty freaken special. -__-
The #MotorCityStepShow wishes the ladies of Zeta Phi Beta a
Do u still go 2 publishing companies 2 find songs 4 your albums or does the publishing companies send them 2 u?? U PICK THE BEST SONGS
Chillin with my best bud dave herro @ his b.day party!!!!!
haha hey Arnold wears a red plaid skirt with leggings haha
JONES BEACH BANDSHELL FREE CONCERT TONIGHT!
The sound of a solid door closing or creaking stairs is something you just don't come across much in L.A.
Out new store in Folsom CA planning CPS touchscreen install next week; they'll have outdoor Beer Garden; store opening 10/26!
Tonight's SHOW CANCELLED BY Sorry for any inconvenience. Please RT
"I wasn't good at doing this but I was committed to trying." (from Gaia’s Glazes: Mysteries of Sea-Mud Glazing Revealed)
Getting ready to hear inspiring stories at Women's Fund Keyholder Event!!
Had a great shoot this weekend and met some great people. On to the next feature "Erebus" this month.
LOVED tonight's episode of #MadMen. Was skeptical of this season at first, but so excited for the rest of the season after tonight!
thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your good news
When you’re in love make sure you really are in love and not just in love with the idea of being in love.
We are open from 12-8 pm at the building at Essex & Delancey! Joined today by reps from ABC No Rio, Blustockings & Save the Essex St Market
Hey baby girl!!!
Now to finish Sherry's photos...
- well my source said we were allies.. hm?
You Cant Knock me down, Cause Ill Always get back up!! MY Mental surpasses your Physical!
Legal Product Manager opening! Required 3+ years of mutual fund paralegal/legal administration experience required.
you hung up on me.
"we"? did you pay for the content? pay for production? someone did...
your buttons? Lol
When you cant stay up late cause you have school the next morning !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Please tell me supper will be ready soon cause I AM STARVING!
Marriage is the greatest earthy happiness when founded on complete sympathy.
Trucks are rolling now off to new business models!!
Oh cool. :P
I don't know how on PSP
One of our Member's father passed away last night. We'll raise a glass in his honor. RIP Dad, may there be car engines to rebuild in heaven.
Yes, he is that bad a judge.
I'm pissed at my mom, because she never gave birth to an older brother with hot friends. -.-
Anybody do biz with Universal Plastic Bag Manufacturing Co. in California? Need to write story for
To invite someone to collaborate on a Pinterest board, you have to be following them, right?
Oh well..... Maybe one day
they always do
10 Humble yourselves before the Lord, and he will lift you up in honor. ~james 4;10~
Thanks for the #FF!! Have a great weekend!
Word of Mouth happens organically but you can also learn to use social media tools to MAKE it happen.
Awesome weather to be filming biking stuff in. Hope DUMBO looks as great at sunset tonight as I remember.
Just installed the new Seesmic, I like tweetdeck but it likes to eat memory (just closed it after it hit 560mb ram used...which is crazy)
haha awesome! I have my license too, but i'll probs walk cuz zac lives like 2 minutes from me.
we have a new #coupon coming, interested? nice guitar shot btw!
Hard work is the yeast that raises the dough
Love the 'Go #Brewers' MCTS bus I just saw!
Some people walk in the rain, others just get wet. ~ Roger Miller
Lil bro scored 20 points he was really balling
haha I googled funny baby pictures
lets tour!
I HAVE A WATERMELON TOWL!!!!
Level Up: Lead with Emotional Intelligence is now offered for a limited time 0.99 cents until Feb 15.
S.I.H.Y.L ~Spit It How You Live~ (Mo'$crill)
I had this app mths and mths ago! Haha! RT : you're welcome.
Authors - Less than 10% ever earn their book advance back - interesting how big publishers make such bad decisions on what book will sell
People, life is what you make it. Maybe the world isn't out to get you. You just need to work on yourself.
hes here you fag
RT : 4,000 customers in southern NV are currently without power due to the high winds today. Crews working to restore power ASAP
Fantastic hike at Runyon today...the sun feels so good on my body and there are so many girls out today! Shower then Ashmaster's!
#ratchetmixtapetitles cocaine & unprotected sex
Hey Chris, what dinosaur are you the most afraid of?
Hey ppl go follow for a promo for 50 followers cum on plez in need sum followers
Inbox 18, and holding, for 2 days.
dude like your like 25? or something and im freaking 16 years old soon 17 august 7th so STOP HITING ON ME #CREEP! urggh
gotta keep puching myself and stay focus as long as i got jesus watching me ima be good
U doin all that and on twitter at the same time!
i hope dana gets what she wants
Thanks kiddo. We are doing ok I guess!
Eating lunch at the waffle window with the kids.
Come use your Groupon at the B, we will not be accepting them the weekend of HampdenFest (September 9th-11th)
I am obsessed with your Honey Child Friend lotion! Where can I buy it I am almost out!!
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE! The costumes in Once Upon a Time!
Aww I love you too !
I had so many awkward moments in live...... until i made a twitter.
Sadly didn't watch, but congrats to the 40-0 Baylor Bears, NCAA Women's Basketball Champions.
Very cool. Thanks for keeping me in the loop.
GUYS CAN WE TREND "MAHOMIES 4EVER" ??? Let's trend it for <3 -kimberly :)
PickUpLine: Nice shirt. Can I try it on after we have sex?
U'z? is that short for UTZ?
Just exited 3 5 right. Taxi to Atlantic via via Kilo.
Yes we do
Thomas made a nice catch on the throw by
I wish Landry Fields would stop shooting and stop trying to make a play. #KnowYourRole cut and defend!
Ridiculous things! That's like my heaven!!!
done,thanks babe :)
Matt Kemp pinch hit, to extend his consecutive games played to 393.
Regularly evaluate your communications strategies. Determine what worked or what didn't. Make adjustments to your plan as needed.
who bought those boots for you
the maine?
Goin to go see da bae again today cant wait
that's from last year
How do people cheer for them idgi
Karma is a bitch with experience.
Yo the new DOG LEATHER video is all shot & nasty & game killing as fuck. INTERNET BEWARE. U KNOW U CAN'T HANDLE THE MICROPHONE VANDAL.
Did anyone else see what Geno was wearing at the Lemieux statue unveiling yesterday? I think we need to get those shirts for sale in here.
awesome! Thank you!!! :))
I'm so so
Notable items found after cleaning out my car: half handle of rum, bag of shotgun shells, a bra, 8 blunt wraps, and a Country Grammar CD
asdjkfl. you're such a qt
just damn.
Not in the near future.
that's what I'm hearing. And the cost of living is so much cheaper than DC. I'm trying to start my own company.
We don't need to get everyone on a bike. Walking, transit & living close to destinations should work for everyone.
New Suits Over Do-It-Yourself IRAs, As Reported By The Wall Street Journal, Prompts American IRA, LLC To Remind Self ...
#BuildaThon2012 is officially on! Over 5 days, volunteers will completely rough-frame 10 new homes!
I got a case of the wiggles. Not the show, but the uncontrollable shakes called alcoholism :/
that's right! :D
selling skyrim perfect condition ps3 30$
I like people who keep the conversation alive.
All my friends that are Packers fans need to follow That means you
So... have you been listening to Not Your Kind of People?
< love=security risk?
hahahahahaaha isn't it kinda good though?!?
Looks like I'm pulling an all-nighter...
happy birthday! Hope we can hangoutt again at another family function n thankyouuu soo muchh! My friends loved the pics!!
thanks for the RT! Always nice to 'meet' other Portland book folks!
It's only 9:30ish, and I'm done all my required tasks for the day. Time to figure out how to make funnel cake for breakfast. :D
If you have more than one social media account Hoodsuite.com is a great way to share your content on all of them at the same time.
N CONFERENCE WIT SUM FIRE ASS SALAD!!
lol bro for me to have made that test at 8am I would have had to have woken up at 5:30
Tomorrow is Monday? Sunday, you have betrayed me. Is this payback for sleeping with Saturday? /soap opera.
I so think people try to piss me off and im tired of it :(
You guys hear about Tracy Morgan? He stabbed his son to death for being grey
thats so cool!!!!!
I'm finna go reallyy hard n the gym...
Thanks for following, friends! very excited to partner with you for TFFOC 2!
done with the people who hold me back
I reaaaallllyyy don't wanna go to school
The Friday Local Author Series hosts Patricia Taub this week, talking about "The Mother of my Invention" on Friday 2/3 @ noon in Mtg. rm.
Anyone have a spare #Google+ invitation? Do I even want this?
Please follow for the latest green news.
Bedtime. Blah nothin to look forward to tomorrow -.- no school 4 the crush.
haha ok. I'll see it when we're going to 3rd.
Everyone should follow and he follows back.
Oh, you blocked me on Twitter? You sure showed me.
At a vending machine and I hit Dr pepper, out comes a cherry coke...??? Really? Wow
Happy 3rd birthday, !
G'morning Twitts! :)
Holy chit meng!
Agreed. That was a nice touch.
Oh my phone would brick for sure haha, my luck
You don't even know me bro! :b
I like this picture Gary. It's shows your model status LOL Hope things are well in your life. Much luck from your fan, Antoine
#IMAGINE tweeting you saying " I LOVE YOU<333"
of course it's true. I'm an honest person (;
I wonder what Rob Lowe looks like first thing in the morning, without all that makeup.
Who is going home on the X Factor? has some tough contenders on the show!
The 2012 MUSIC SHOWCASE will be September 27-29th @ The Walnut Room. It will feature 18-20 bands and include film & other visual arts.
Not to mention the stapler museum!
I just gave asha the best advice. I should be a motivational coach
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho Concieted, It Mightt Be Okaa If Yu Didn't Look Like My Dog, No Offense To My Dog.
My split tests with clients' open times supports it: 7am=18% open, 9am=23% open. However, this is for B2B messages, not B2C.
Stop in this week for a Fade,Taper,Caesar,Mohawk,Shape-up.....AND MORE.
Sounds great! RT : It's us doing our best impression of - we can only try guys!
Chomping it up with , , Talking about our big announcement tomorrow. Stop by for a preview.
sounds epic!
5106978214 way to pick finals weekend to come back and visit !
I do however have a Rouge Chocolate Stout awaiting my last hour of the evening.
Hot off the press via : AllThingsD reports #HP to combine printing & PC divisions. Whitman recently hinted at changes
Kelly and I are going floating on the Guadalupe with a bunch of friends today!
IMHO Notre Dame ends up in #B1G. I don't have sources like but Big East & ACC in tough spot
lmao u silly
Roughly 5% of the population has an infection of the skin or toenails on their feet, at any given time, showing up as warts or fungus
Where have you been all my life!
My last retweet is so true for me.
Most kind. Thank you! RT
TEXT "REFUGE3" to 24587 for DISCOUNTED entry
okay :/ but girl this school in ny is wack. I'm looking at other places now.
#IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend ... kiss him every time!
I dont even care anymore im just done.
It's that time again. Mt. Adam's Mayfest is just around the corner!! LIVE music from !! Get there early to grab a great seat!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 38
Watching Everything Must Go with The Hub. Hope it's funny!
YEP,that's the one.Such a talented writer,I just find so many prevailing viewpoints,present in most of his books, disagreeable.
Overheard in TB (not often in MKE): (he) Wat r u doing done here? (she): I got a job offer to bartend at the beach.
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written. And thou shalt love the LORD thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, and with all...
FF? I just learned about that
I don't know why you have to announce that to everyone. Just do it.
OH: We can do a flash mob in China! 20 MILLION PEOPLE!
i hate truth is on fb they take 4eva to do
That is great! It's amazing the people that this event attracts. It's always a very busy time for us... but we love it!
NEXTIVA you were suppose to route all calls to the cell phone if you went down why didnt that happen
Its another day another dollar..its about getting money
A shrimp's heart is in their head.
Luke Donald -5
Yogis and Yoga Clothe enthusiast, Lululemon Athletica Third Ward Grand Opening is tomorrow, February 17 from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Stop in.
Shopping with the thugs and
Happy Birthday dude!!
Director of Education at the Society of the Cincinnati. The focus is the Revolutionary War. Pretty snazzy:)
dude idk why but im kinda scared to say it
Pharmaceutical reps are my favorite people in the world. Ugh so nice
I'm a very loveable person :)
Ground Zero 2010
did you have a good time at sxsw? Too bad we couldn't meet up
power of Judaism
LOLOLOL. OK, We shall keep the #intensefriendship. BUT, I have an intense hatred of comic sans.....and I always will.
If I don't use up all of my sex, does it roll over to next month?
That's hardly a way to speak to your elders. If your parents weren't unemployed, I'd have them fired.
Nation's #defense is lowest priority of administration. A new Pres should be top priority of Americans. RT
Maybe because u have schools like texas college and paul quinn etc.. dat rip there students off
Don't shoot your eye out.
Donald is going home... I hope!
Vikings cut RB King after weekend arrest
They've never drove through Indiana, Met the men who plowed that earth..
JOIN US TONIGHT FOR GOOD FOOD, GOOD TIMES AND BUCKETS OF BUDLIGHT FOR $15!!!!!
when is Austin gonna make a new cover? :/
haha so true! “: Where's the prop bet for 'Twitter feed way more entertaining than the game?' Sucker's bet, really.”
oh shucks cx
All the best people have white hair! Still celebrating the day I chucked the dye bottle.
you give the finger to someone from akron , well you suck now your wades bitch! CANNOT WIN LIKE JORDAN WITH WHAT WE GAVE YOU FU
You guys are so cute!!
I love in mob wives they're like "I don't want there to be any drama, so I'll make sure to invite the most polarizing girl I know."
Go for it! I'd love to see that one:)
Loved @ premier, I'll be tuning in every Sunday as always watching the kardashians...<U+E327>
omg I so love your default. Amazing image ever
Boston vacation is over. Waiting to meet up with for
dirty! :p
Austin's gonna marry me WHAT?. (;
you're right im much funnier in real life 8-)
Saw some folks bike riding, even in this wind it
After thirty, a body has a mind of its own - Bette Midler
Dames just sat for a photo with THE "Candyman"!!!! Woohoo!!
on the sen floor - Rs cut the budget on the backs of wmn & kids - "even little kids in head start had to take it on the chin."
thanks. It shall be fun
Right before Gabriel Martinez got shot by a Valencia County deputy, he was swinging a metal pipe at the cops. Before that, he was running.
keep digging marco!
lol worth it
The 1 like is me. Rockin'! :D
Panko Salmon is unbelievable. You've got to try it to know it!
The only time single life is were its at is wen u in a relationship
Alrighty, see ya then!
I am enjoying the sunny day. I recently finished my first composition for hand bells.
Listening test. Can you hear the difference between original & mp3, etc??
home now; taking it down for church in the morning! what a fun day...lady macbeths and spades...so fun!
watever happen to eminem
Your zest and charisma are infectious! Thank you for participating on panel #cnndialogues #arabspring . You empowered us all!
high of 73. I went on Cinco de Derby 11 years ago today.
Oddly enough, they do. And some very good ones at that ;)
Tanning by my pool>>
no, my hair. Lol
I think you want
Nice to meet you Alena!
Coachella shooting victim shows up in ER with gunshot wound. - KESQ
From Texas?? I'm 17 just turned it, soo bored right now, text it up. I need new texting buddies, 2104097651 ((:
!!! YES! It's fantastic! Nice job, seriously. I see others are nitpicking already, so I'll leave it alone until it settles ;)
Thinking of a special gift for your mother on mother's day? Why not treat her with a luxury Limousine ride this week with us?
Back to the question from a couple days ago! It was indeed Hawaii! Some people nailed it!
thanks for always caring about your fans I really admire that:D
good morning (: <3
my howling coyote shirt comes in the mail today!
Bo Ryan put a limitation on 7% of D1 schools. Pretty sure Uthoff can find one of the 93% that's a good fit.
Aye FollowBack? Please(;
A Big "HELLO" to some of my beauty faves & Hope all is going well guys! :)
"Heavy Cross" The Gossip, "Love Interruption" Jack White, "Broad Ripple Burning" Margot & the Nuclear So & So's
What stands between us and freedom is a thought, that thought is not real.
i seen you online. looking good bae.
Still learning whjat a hashtag is - nut I'm glad MDA news is knows!. I'll be tweeting from the telethon this year in PHX.
that's great man! How's the training coming along! And nice man! Haha gonna be some good fights bruddah !
thanks for the follow!!! :)
Four Cs #2: CarefuI. A victory at any cost isn't really winning.
finishing touches on white horse tonight .. Getting in gear to shoot this feature - lean budget lean crew
#genomesolver #curenet anne rosenwald from georgetown univ: site is well rec'd and idea of tweeting is too.
I like to point out my flaws because I don't want you to think I don't notice them. I do notice my flaws, and then do nothing to fix them.
eat my persuasion!
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers. ~ Tony Robbins
harry is so close to 4 million it's disgusting
Lunch date tomorrow. Don't know what to wear!!!
Friday show: at
Worst part of the drive back to lex is when 107.7 starts to fade out
Happy Birthday!
FOLLOW :))) they are new to twitter :D
Thanks to for the follow and the coupon offer!
the Bangor auditorium?
That half time show was _____________ (adjective or something).
The show #intervention has a crazy impact on life.
I really love Nicki Minaj's new song but I can only understand about five words of it.
g'mornin' Hon!
Thank you to the kids at South County Secondary School who raised $242 for Duncan and Sweetie!
Perhaps the best dinner ever tonight at Purple. I am now a huge fan of wine flights and baked Brie.
Between the moon colony and the open marriage, it's pretty obvious that Newt is a Robert Heinlein fanboy. I bet his PC is named Mycroft.
WHY ARE YOU IN ORCHESTRA #iswearyou'retonedeaf
This is true. The dolls may not always cooperate (with me anyway), but at least they're quiet. ;)
"I was nervous about doubling on my 11." "Y'know when I get nervous? When I get pulled over. Your $15 hand wasn't that serious!"
It's alright though mane !
BRAUN WON HIS APPEAL?! Did I read this right? Oh, so fucking happy right now. Go
RT : RT if you have a crush on one of you followers
Time to die
Friday Night. Burger and a Shake. Late Night Happy Hour at 10 pm.
Currently deciding between an epic journey of magical proportions and falling asleep on the couch....
We're planning Spring Rush. WHO'S EXCITED?
Happy Monday Blue Hens. Today is the last day of free drop/add for Spring
I have an extra ticket to see a horrible popular indie band at some obnoxious college, does anyone want to go with me?!
Well it might be cooling down out there, but things are just as hot in here as always.Just out the oven muffins, croissants,biscuits,& more
Drama king
People can now take politics in their own hands lol
Julia does not feel like herself 2dai
Listening to inmate stories of heartbreak and hope with Cathy, Motown songs looping in the background.
Thank youu!! Hope you got some good vegan buffalo wings (my personal faves)
thank you<3 (': I hope all the boyz can come !!!!!
Kokomo woman finds deals to help needy families
RT : Can we get the truck to show up at #AmericanU?
At gitane loving life.
Heat time baby
2 spots open for the vegan desserts class on Saturday in Oakland. Want to join us?
Yup I would be to one to get swimmers ear but, yet never had it when i Watson the swim team in HS or when I was a lifeguard. Oh well lol
thank you!
It was pouring when u tweeted me. I hope its ok. It still works for now.
What do retired golfers do? They carry the bag.
glad we're all in agreement:) Now where r these cookies??
(c) and since both stayed tonight that probably means they're Gunna be in the top two. I think they count the votes to see who gets in (c)
ms. hood has them
My breakthru and biggest opportunity is coming. I feel it and trust.
the guy in the car next to me is chewing on celery.
The weekend be here! Something needs to be put together. There's faces to be melted!!
Ergo baby carrier reduce price of little one carrier « huangbrook
My faith in men was restored a little tonight. Feeling good about the world. Night all.
That would be Supervisor candidate Shelia Jackson, right? Not Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee.
This is definitely a december to remember. Pffft
with his 2nd TATER in 2 days, GET SOME
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Just revoked my mother's emoticon privileges. There comes a time…
What would it take to call all matches right now? RT : Full-time! Right?
So glad that Acta has put the dynamic duo of rally killers back to back in the lineup. Only seems fitting
I learned of tonight gotta say I'm impressed. Excited for to start.
I never seem to win my fights with the database. PastPerfect, why can't you just be less logical and more whimsical some days? Loosen up.
means alot to have you in my lifee!<3
Mummy? Are you my mummy porn? :-)
Don't have a FB page but love "stalk me on Facebook".. have a great day Steafan!
hello. Let me know more at :www.mynameismahataa.com/ THANK YOU
you should use navigation:-)
Yea, he's prob the biggest Bears fan in the area. The Rburg loss was hard, but the girls battled, they'll b back
Hi Amanda. Do you have a favorite book made into a movie?
my pleasure
Face it... Most.people already think its hypocrite anyways RT : I agree. Hypocrite904!!!!!
Dark chocolate covered candied ginger
Mary Astor and I are hoping that you will be able to join us at the 20th Annual Green Tie Ball Sat, 9/17 Tickets at www.gatewaygreen.org
Some emails from yesterday are downloading now. Thank u 4 speedy response. Keep ticket active until sure it's resolved pls!
Craig Sager and those DAMN suits smh
RT : Looking forward to #TheRingLeader with ! The Premier on is February 14 2012
44 days left till school ends !
I believe it's called Detergent. #teamI'msickofhearingaboutit
11am, still no sign of mine (17). So all signs point to NO.
Packer fan in the South ? Give us a follow !
Thanks for the follow. Like your tweets. Tweet on!
Your success depends largely on the attitude you bring with you every day.
my stomach hurt !
Asked a cop at GE headquarters in Rock Plaza "where are the protesters?" "They're still asleep," he said.
thank you! Its much shorter than normal! And thank you for the shoes!
Is in Ballroom C waiting for Natalie Merchant!
JD was actually an X commit first. Ironic, huh? While he is athletic as anyone, he can't shoot/undersized. No PT next year.
Its a good feeling to not have any complaints!!!
Catching Fire is getting really good.
Tonight on #OutdoorWisconsin, join Tom Newbauer on Lake Michigan as he fishes from the MKE harbor for trout and salmon. On MPTV 10 at 8PM
as soon as i meet up with the designer hes got some bigger clients like soulja boy n juicy j hes workin on so gotta wait smh
Clutch the magnum, and do what you need to do
A lot of attention has been paid to the #TrayvonMartin travesty.Let's remember to continue the prayers and support for the parents
Get ready Houston TX :) we are coming back in full force! ALL FOR THE GLORY OF GOD!
its a blunt for my ride to work
we have one, but we don't promote it as much as we should, it is basically our tweets, in the future it will be better!
haha did you see my tweet?
Yum! I made fried eggs and leftover steak and veggies.
Congrats! Henry is adorable!
afterschool chorus today was torture.
excitement of the early AM:Selkie so riled up in play she almost fell off one of the cat shelves, i rush to save her and trip over Isis
A real wine description I just read: "This wine's aromas feature gooseberry pie, Meyer lemon, lime, river rock and a whiff of tom cat."
Satin Lips® Set (Mask & Balm) Buff away dry skin with Satin Lips® Lip Mask (.3 oz. net wt.), then moisturize with Satin Lips® Lip Balm
Help fellow Hoosiers - support the Clark Co Children & Family Advocate Organization - eat at Kingfish 2nite 5-10:00 & 25% gets donated!
Dude, $25? You need a raise!!
“: Happy Mothers day to my sister & friend one of the strongest sweetest women I know”same to U Enjoy ur day!
great game man! Its awesome to see you back and doing your thing!
“: a lot of food being consumed at that lunch meeting!!” all salads!
oh neat. and on the phone with mother again. phone tag lol
And example of a "directing column": in VAMPS, most close-ups of Colt had only her in the frame; the over-the-shoulder shots--
Vote Republican, homosexuals! Do you same sex couples want to have the same sex for the rest of your lives? Didn't think so.
Great seeing you at the event tonight, my friend!
security academy of texas
QOTD: Was there ever a time the sun never set on the British Empire? What map layers would you need to answer this?
kony 2012. His days re numbered.
I would kill for one of Mrs. Snooks snickerdoodles right now.
Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
I just saw your post in my connect on here sorry i didnt gett
#scumbagsteve to be a musician? Oh no...
RT : Brilliance New York will be w & come support this amazing fashion show!
:( ok cause im waiting for d with willie nd andrew
Going to sleep with a smile on my face
Next Performance: Friday Jan 13th @ The Whipping Post in Union Beach, NJ 10pm Showtime.
Headed to Chicago & AutismOne / Generation Rescue Conference in 3 weeks!
I heard them calling in the distance/ so I packed my things and ran...
Forgot my flute. Oh well. They probably marching anyways.
movies tonight :) i dont know what i want to see though :/
Where are you? :O
can you FaceTime two people at once?
thanks! See ya in a few!
I'm working on a white paper on the topic of pay per click email. I think it is a concept whose time has come.
I grow old learning something new every day. Solon 636 BC~ 558 BC, Greek Statesman
LSU's Brian Nichols on IT Risk formula: risk = threat x vulnerability x impact URMIA11#
I understand. You didn't did want to touch...oh nevermind
Good thing Carolina shot down gay marriage and stood up for "traditional marriage." You know, like w your cousin/brother/sister…
There needs to be a panel at #NERDHQ w/ & just BSing & making fun of each other. Make it happen.
lol not now it's getting chilli outside ,
We will never forget Those 19 years we all spent at 13th and B in #Omaha at the #CWS. The memories will live on inside us forever.
My health insurance was suddenly canceled following an unfixable bureaucratic foul-up. Wouldn't be surprised if Terry Gilliam was involved.
that's why we are going to win the walking contest. 15588 so far today!
Thanks! You're pretty awesome yourself! :o)
did you stay at home today?
yes I am
I got that a lot when I was little...I guess it's making a comeback!
A toda madre tu ru ru RT : I love my life, super blessed and lucky, Gracias a Dios
There is so much great music it is very easy to accidently miss out some great artists.
Yes! Julie Gerberding too - noting criticality of #DoD #Labs to influenza surveillance & identification of new strains
a real poet bro!
Thanks for that RT, ! Happy Monday.
My feet are on fire and I'm still drunk
Congrats to - Looking forward to seeing the cardinal fans next week for the 75th Annual #NIT !
I want to say good morning and welcome to all our new fans!
Well I'm going to go now talk to you all later bye bye followers and twitter :-)
When a bored bitch like me is on twitter the fucking thing this bitch could fucking do is ask For More Fucking Fun!!!!!
Take a look at this awesome website www.rlimaging.com
Some women used 2 be IT back in the days but failed 2 realized they're no longer IT anymore & ur gracefully hired 2 B fired one day.
Thanks for the RT, Ann. Got a question/comment we can relay to the chat?
are you the last person Andrew Breitbart argued with?
That's all, Canada. Thanks for the poutine. Next tweet is from 'MERRCUH
Can't believe I came to sd with no black. A good excuse for shopping though!!
It runs in the family.
Interesting article in this month's International Musician.
i know! i love it so much! so sweet.
Omg, I'm so sorry. Your co-worker sucks!
My boss told me he hasn't really followed hockey since "Greg Gretzky" retired...I'm pretty sure he didn't follow hockey before then either..
check you're DMs ?(;
Wow I haven't listened to my ipod in so long
What? Josh Hamilton hasn't hit a home run tonight? The guy sucks! Trade him for Yuni!
Because it has turned out to be a rather blustery day today! ;-)
(tickets not eligible for free aviators though, sorry!)
Sometimes I wonder how my life would be like If I was someone else o.o
I'm so loving all of the fashion from the #MetGala tonight! :)
I would hate if u liked boys.
I was just watching TV and this science guy said "One orgasm equals 2 cheese burgers" makes sense though ;)
Just said "This cake is the balls!!!" to my mom and dad. Awk.
Don't know if my stomach is in knots cuz it always is or if i'm nervous ... Fml
That is "Let the Church say Amen" by Andraé Crouch from his latest album "The Journey"
That's what I always say when they question the blondes,etc...I laughingly say during the Crusades those guys did some hanky panky:)
Gearing up for Marylhurst Sustain Your Career!
Ok. I'll ask about it and see what I can find out. Thanks for bringing it to my attention.
Jammin that new drake album! It's real mellow & ssschiiillll
I keep telling myself to forget about you.
*passes espresso*
you should never give up, even in the face of defeat...ride or die
Thanks for the retweet.
plz follow me i know u probably wont but
#accountability in general is crucial!
where I find more seek list?
I think we'll all look back at the Pebble watch one day and collectively laugh/hang our heads in shame
Next time, I'm totally proposing a session on serendipitous discovery.
I don't know... Why do guys go for girls who are so fake. Like she is acting like she doesn't comprehend basic tasks and you fell for that?
Let the fanatical Tebow following rise again
hey chic!
It's going to be a long day .
Preparing some surveys to help target the customer's needs for an upcoming VST Instrument.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! Here's to a life full of abundance and gratitude. Thank you all for being your inspiration, support, and company in...
SARAH ARE YOU STILL ON??
Clean your pools skimmer basket regularly for best filtration and pool clarity
Yay! won a photo tour from !
Determined at our public svcs lunch: Denmark is the Ohio of Europe.
thanks for the suggestions :D
good thanks - how is your day going?
it's always like that
Cannot stand that godaddy.com commercial. "We hired her because women are sexual objects!" Your daughters will see this. Be ashamed.
me:lets talk her:wat about me:us her:wat about? me:damn! her:hello..hello
God grant me the serenity to change the things I can, and accept the things i cant. with the wisdom to know the difference.
It's halloween. I need to be doing something. Who's doing things?
Tell her I said I wanna lick her left nostril :') RT : First time having lunch with [:
Man, the ratchetness that goes on at Mickey D's.
Nature arms each man with some faculty which enables him to do easily some feat impossible to any other.
Just got home bout to clean take a shower do my h.w ;-)
Looking for free twitter list organizers? Any suggestions?
what time?
We are always looking to buy rare items or entire vinyl record, CD or music memorabilia collections - Call + 44 (0)1474 816043
My left knee, can't stretch it out. Gonna get a knee brace. And an ankle brace. For my left ankle and knee
HUGE Thanks to Firefly Team..U R what made Saturday SUPER SENSATIONAL! - Noelle, Patrick, Andrew, Lindsey, Paul, Molly Jo, Katelyn and Jean
RT ": "dad, if you don't get me a cat I'll get pregnant...... then I'll have a baby and a cat" - parker"
Don't offer me weed! I gotta stay clean, drug free(: why do you think I listen to inspirational and motivationally positive death/metal ...
was at "I am Number Four" on the weekend and sitting in front of him was the whole cast of "Tomorrow when the War Began"!
Thanks for following. PokerStars club number? Invite code? city/state/country? Thanks.
I like Tweetbot on my iPad although I prefer Echofon on my phone.
i miss u
Done with work. Now to sleep for the rest of the day.
thanks for the shout out :)
Finally home
#TeamFaber family here!! You're the man Uriah!! Hubby & I enjoy watching #TUFLive every Friday night here in Memphis, TN!! 5-3 BABY!! YAY!!
Toys, packages, pics... It all sounds filthy.
correct. It still shows the coming soon language when you click on the DROID marketplace link
Keep only cheerful friends. They pull you up.
Thanks. Yeah, I'm looking forward (I think) to doing the Oxford biocultural biblio. This stuff lets me do a dry run...
are you mad at me Dean?:(
Lonely night
“: People who's names start with 'A' have the longest life expectancy.”
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
It's a Miles Davis kind of day.
one of these days I want to actually see you say "woof"
Tx and #FOLLOW BACK 2 u, Gary - RT : Great contributors
( that's not what I meant auto correct )
- Same reason you have generals in war, to line you up right, motivate you, and talk about the casualties and victories.
woo woo woo u now that
awesome coverage on this you guys. Just great.
Derek Jeter hit to 3,000+ in dramatic fashion. Fans will want something bigger or better at the ASG. Let the Captain sit.
Yeah!!! RT : did not attend tax rate extension...citing much needed botox injections
On my way to target,, gettingg EP baby
The Militant hears the sound of gunshots on this train. Relax though, it's someone playing a game on their Android.
DeGraw had a big hit with I Dont Want To Be which was the Theme to TV Show One Tree Hill. Sweeter is now Playing on
I don't fit in with any of this and I don't think we're the same.
thanks for posting
home from school!! :)
More than Just a Teacher | Free Scholarships Blog
Oh, I thought it was small MINDED...or is that the same thing?
Craig you're lost without Boomer.
Thanks for the RTs this week. :-)
I would rather have my past then yours.
STOKED RT : So excited to play with Saturday. It's gonna be a fucking blast.
FREE Glenfiddich scotch tasting this Saturday! 2-5pm It's getting cold out there-- time for scotch!
Shooting with the legendary Sonny Carl Davis today!
Watching 'Can't U See' video by Total. Funny how after all these yrs there's nothing corny about their swag.
that's so funny!(;
Hush. Grown people talkin
Kentucky beats Baylor for trip to #Final Four. Swell... now I have to listen to the insufferable K-fans in the office for another week.
please follow me your so beautiful and so talented :)
i want to spend a lot of money on 7" vinyl right now.
Panda backpack ?
: why are you ignoring me?
OMG Is everyone horny tonight? That's all I see on my TL lol
rachel zoe'e show: she is really stressed. lather, rinse, repeat.
it's a beautiful day but today i'm dot-netting - meaning visual studio and my bulky desktop... next time.
I LUV MY TWITTER BACKGROUND
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: Can we PLEASE have a gay movie that doesn't focus on AIDS or coming to terms with one's sexuality? PLEASE!
I Know Who Killed Me and his name is
Be on the lookout. We're about to turn things up a notch!
airport picking up Ryan the GM of St. Louis Bar Louie
Its going to be a great day! You inspire me everyday to follow my dreams! Thank you for being amazing! :)
Like always. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
CITY OF CHAMPS BOSTON WHAT CAN I SAY 7 PARADES IN TEN YEARS I SEE WHY YA'LL MAD.... RAPFETISH ENTERTAINMENT
Never let yesterday's disappointments overshadow tomorrow's dreams
Followed all new followers <U+2665> About to follow them on too <U+2665>
Finally got my parking spot in front of the house
Good morning, Mike and Bradley!
Blessed are those who suffer for their offenders may already be condemned.
RT : I'm taking the weekend off from my marriage if anybody wants to bone.
I was beginning to despair since another keeper is off... Whould've have thought it; Carroll!
Yes but I'm staying busy!
Dear Sleep, Sorry for hating you and all when I was younger. But now I seriously can't get enough of you. Sincerely, Me<3
Today's #9RoundMinute coming in 30!
Ink ma whole body! RT : Favorite OLD wiz khalifa song ????
Did you see Alli's post about how cute you are on her website? ;)
Calls are often monitored and they're told to keep them under a certain time limit. Still, hanging up was rude.
can you go to fb?! :O
Thought grouplove was sold out but I got tickets last night... loves me now
Insulting & ignorant. Glad to hear he makes you think Scott b/c the only things I'm thinking of aren't worth tweeting
“: "Do you get that feeling when your butt itches because you've been sitting so long.....? I hate it." - ”
On today's episode of Eating is Dangerous: white sweater + roasted beets + eating & working= potential pink sweater. #LiveAnimals>Dangerous.
Nevermind. This episode of greys anatomy is...pretty intense.
omg i follow you! ahaha
T.Mills is so DAMN hot :o
camilla is the realest female on
Making plans to celebrate Veterans' Day, 11.11.11 - how about you?
At an event at SONY music's office celebrating the Bandier Program. LA Reid is in attendance!
In need of a small get away :/ SOON
RT : You're designed and equipped to achieve great things. Do it now.
#imagine Austin:I'm urs till the stars fall frm the sky,the rivers run dry,in other words till i die*kisses u gently* -anna
awww thanks love :)
had almost perfect weekend... didn't want it to end...
YAY for a twitter account (:
In history , got lunch next
If you are located in Mexico or will be attending the fair, please stop by out booth (G726) to learn more about Meitrack's tracking solution
GRADUATING? Get ready for your close up! Submit photos showing your Phi Kappa Phi pride to enter the spring 2012 contest:...
Eddie Vedder or Chris Cornell???
I'm excited! I've heard the security is insane there. I needed a drink before secondary screening in Philly
Brain-machine interface electrodes run the gamut from non-invasive caps to chip implants in the brain!
announce the all star cast please
I'm actually bored :( talk to me? omg
#Testimony Hey, Thanks so much for the products. I haven't started the cleanse yet but I've been taking the LBS II and it works like magic!
Yo, Jordan-an-ahh, The game is broken :( xD *bummed out* Your new single sounds pretty sick though :D stoked to hear the rest!
“If you tell the truth, it becomes a part of your past. If you lie, it becomes a part of your future.”
S/O to torre he was def my entertainment of the night lmao
Rule of 3: Wow,as in world class performance. No surprises, open communication. Cheer, as in recognition of one another.
America's a party and everyone wants to get in on it.
Haven't seen it yet. Watching DWTS......LOL
Hey guys! Apologies on the delayed response. Eyeballs deep in back end work. Loving the new choon!! What else is in store?
Happiness is not a destination. It is a method of life. - Burton Hills
Good idea! “: Someone needs to make #downtown #Tucson #parking #app...show what's open...compare costs...guide me to it w/ GPS.”
2 days of school left. Thank the lord.<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
RT : Watching the Drupal Commons 2 webinar with the team. The new social features are superb!
u are crazy girl!!!...gotta luv it tho.....hope the rest of ur day is betta ma....
"Life's boring" ... #WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay ... which words would you never say?
nice moves Cody.
thanks for the follow!!
cause its hard.
"At 211 degrees, water is hot. At 212 degrees, it boils. And with boiling water, comes steam. And with steam, you can power a train. Just o…
which is why I sent you the vid...it's a hilarious story...and ole Pat said it himself...
your B/R article for tomorrow: #Jets to use #Tebow in packages similar to what they did with Brad Smith.
and I thought AllTimeLow was really following me lkfdjaskfd haha. slow mo aikka. troll lang yan.
Ohmygash, is following me! thank you Lisa haha ((: love you!
bae finna come through :) i love seeing him<3
I love #Passover because, if there are no kids, I ALWAYS get picked to open the door for Elijah.If you are an actress you understand.
Make that getting quoted and favorited by total strangers....
just sitting here in an emotional wreck hbu
It's Vegas. Tix sales no prob either way RT : bet #pac12 tourney won't have problem selling tix in Vegas w/ Shabazz Muhammad
What a night!
Live For NOW.
They're so big!! Omg
only if you take Sarah's place <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764>
I went to the and game and waited 2 hours in the rain for them to tell us it was canceled.
I wanna kiss someone & feel fireworks or sparks or whatever the hell that good ass feeling will feel like cause I haven't felt it yet.
I could add that I'm visiting a new cafe for the first time. Influx on India. Loving it. Hello, fav new coffice.
Getting NiNi washed!! She's way over due.
Official Fan Twitter 4 the Milwaukee Brewers! Follow Let's make #BREWlievers a trending topic and show our support!
"This is not about you anymore..." -one direction
HBD to and
Had to get a tweet in before work. Late again.
I know!!! scary stuff man, scary stuff. We should try to catch up beyond 140 characters sometime.I'd love 2 hear more about U.
What's with the weirdo masked caped dudes?
you're welcome. Oh, and by the way i'm Nicky :) I saw how you protested for the keystone pipeline. It was inspirational!
And a happy Monday evening to you! :-) How goes it?
You should go to Great America in Santa Clara, CA tomorrow. (: I'll be there for my graduation trip! ;D
People talk TOO much ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
you have good looks but your personality is revolting.
Are you alive??? Did you sleep in the tub armed with a shotgun (a new non-alcoholic cocktail I've just made up)?
we gonna run this town tonight
when will my dream finally come true that you will follow me?
I wanna talk to Sampson
I'm so hungry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
get well soon!
Thank you much and I look forward to meeting you Stephen. I'm 48 yrs old and a huge fan of yours and Bioware. I only have Sunday
#NP gonna be a beautiful night
10 minutes til my voice jury... I'm nervous!!
If you won the $540 million Mega Millions jackpot, what's the most selfish thing you'd buy yourself?? I think I'd buy myself West Virginia.
he started MLS Digital Properties and now works for MLSE corporate partnerships. He's a digital guy at heart.
So my mom saw me crying and she went to give me a hug....made my crying worse. RememberTrust
I parked on the wrong end of Tysons Corner Mall for where I needed to go. Can I count this 10-mile walk as a 2nd workout for the day?
Thanks everyone for the WiFi directions. The lobby is where it's at. Just remember to accept the mall's terms of service.
Thanks for the RT!
hey check out our site #houstonnightout.com it will tell you about all the hottest events in houston!
Peter's tweet just made me smile hugely--wow, that's very sweet.
Had fun after skool!
it was 's idea, but I am pretty great, I guess.
k followed (:
Ask someone working exclusively in a web medium to produce a document for digital AND hard copy distribution. G'head. See what happens.
Look for something this evening. Send me your email. :-)
Always liked "Goodbye Girl" myself.
CITY GOT ONE GOAL, NEEDS ONE MORE, MUFC ABOUT TO GO FINAL...
AAVG looking real thin on ask!!!
I think I may have broken a record for hours in bed. And I hope to break THAT record again soon.
COME OVER AND ILL TELL U WHY!
You know, if ya got it, ya got.
Will be pursuing my PhD in Rhetoric and Professional Communication this fall
;-) LOL!! The "getting to know you and your sign" prt of d prty! When "home #'s" were xchnged...later "pager #'s with codes"..
what's up
Tryin to see eye to eye but it's like we both blind
I think that my school is so lifeless
This man is having a ball with his no teeth self...lol
Also, heard someone say "this cooking store is great. It's like a hardware store for women." I think they missed the #feminist movement.
Cool pic. Can't wait to work with both of you.
just for the record totally found the way to drop down the projector, he gets credit for this working
& they say there is nuthin gud on TV anymore lol. Blessings :)
it is just you. Are you listening to the other #idiots on stage?
it's nice I'm hoping nick is there for the weekend!
Almost all films made today are pretty much based on pre-existing properties.
Ok hi nice alligator
It's a shame but it is what it is
hun u wouldbt have to change for me.... :-) ur already cute enough
On our way to Ft. Wayne for a show tonight! Who's gonna come party with us?!
Stage: white guys.
I'm curious...
Here's another fucking awesome Canadian band that I wish would come to NYC and play a show with us, Check em out!
thanks trevor! (:
cant call it mami networking an my grind
Badge of honor. “: LOL now there's a theory, very metro of you”
Thank you for following, Mr. LoVerde. We hope you enjoy our Tweets.
As of 2009 approximately 1700 businesses were certified by PA dept as a mbe or wbe
oh ok. Hahaha (:
and haha i can't believe I asked, I already knew your fav was Logan! :) yea Lou's my age too, too bad he's got a gf :| :p
“: 1am on the East Coast... Who's still up watching the Lakers & Clippers on ESPN???” we are!
NOTION UK have made it to the BETT show after heavy snow hit London AGAIN! We are ready to rock and roll!
for being a great neighbor and sharing your concern!
kiss it all better, i'm not ready to go, it's not your fault love, you didn't know.
That espresso roast was like velvet.
Where do you work? I can relate with crazy people at my night job
lets get it! my email is on stand by...
I want today to be a good day... but it has that real medium feel about it, thus far. good news New Creepy Alley Man wasn't about this morn
thanks for the RT...you guys rock
I'm so unbreakable, you don't know what to think
I see lots of presentations about portable consent, but I can't find a homepage; is there one?
I doubt if the idea that came to me then would have occurred to a single one of any dozen of the brainiest chappies you care to name
Social media content should do 2 things for your audience: Motivate/Inspire or Make something easier.
LA peeps: make sure you check out this week at the Key Club! Tickets will sell out fast! 12/13
thanks so much for the shout-out! Please keep us informed about the post
Huge turnout for BOARDINGHOUSE at tonight! My friends were scarce, but I appreciate all the hipsters who had a blast there!
Never been so stressed out in my life. Is it ever gonna end?
Thanks for the RTs!
You found the Twitter account-It's me! But I would love if you read it. I've always said I had the best students. And it's true. ;-)
it was yummy
The only way to avoid criticism is to do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing
I have been trying to get one of the ICONic Boyz to notice me but its not working :( So i think you should RT this;) TiAmo<3!
hey u should follow me becuz im special!!!! lol!! <3
Byrd is toast. Don't think it says anything about the Ellsbury injury, just adds another mediocre player to the roster.
Time to take a poll: How many people have fibbed to someone they met online about anything because you wanted to make a good impression?
Brad: "What!? Do you think paper grows on trees!?" Me: "Yes, yes I do..."
lol do u go to school near your family or did you get time away to go see them??
Congrats on the coverage! Hope 11.11.11 energy is most positive in all our lives :-)
Senate passes bill 93-7 | Allows for indefinite military detainment of US civilians on.fb.me/s6KaM7
Realized for the first time how hilariously violent Looney Tunes are on the big screen!
I'm looking at knitting patterns. I have two WIPs. I have a problem.
yo he had asked longest return that was also a td. You watching the caps??
Going to hit up the gym today and kick butt ! :)
- Sure, glad to share interesting B2B sales strategy posts
hello everyone <3
please promote and share(:
dont mean it as if i dont see her cause i see her all the time but i dont see her as much as i used to...
Depressing... Lautman says workers entering workforce now in US are less educated than those retiring.
Jupiter's moon Europa has an atmosphere made mostly of oxygen and could have 2x as much liquid water as all of earth.
Trying out Tweetbot on my iPad in preparation for
People love to say you're cute for a darkskin girl.... I hate that!
RT : Stop being defined by what other people think of you.
I can't get enough of what you got!
I LOVE that place!
I love Milwaukee.
So that's where you've been hiding, silly little plothole! Trying to get me to fall into you, weren't you?
where's the party?
thank you for the follow.
Helmond: Link transformed from navigational tool to analytical device and maybe even query into database.
"squeeze yo hello kitty"
Feel like death...
Hanging with the family and doggies...
Good morning good #tea people! Even clouds fail to obscure greatness. Shine yourself out of a fog.
Its 1am, do you know where your sleep is?
Thanks for coming out to see us today!
Got it. Done. Thank you! See you soon, melady.
THE LIBRARY: "I used to be the Internet!"
Great seeing you at the AHS Hero Dog Awards! Keep up the great work!
Make the move for Mike Wallace Jed #itmakesthemostsense!!
Paranormal Activity 3 was scary!! The other two were not even scary...
Thx 4 great show in Portland tonite - my wife & I always wanted to see u perform - we thoroughly enjoyed it
hello sir!
I wanna spend the whole day outside D:
we grinding smarter...
"Lmaoooo. That man smelled like str8 butt RT : PPL DEM MUS LEARN FI WASH OUT DEM BATTY HOLE. AH FUCKERY DAT !"
too bad it's a "mock house draft"
MAKE SURE YOU TAKE YOUR SUPPLEMENTS OVER THE HOLS A – 3500iu E – 30iu Calcium – 200mg in multi vit – then 600mg at least 2hrs later with...
no joke gave me the wrong card
#Heartattack Specialized Adult Stem Cells Re -Grow Fingertips Title: Specialized Adult Stem Cells Re -Grow Fingertips Category: Health News
Also heard this week we may be going to all day/every other day kdg! Don't know yet until Board decides.
RT : #RONCHRISTIE looks like a fool!!! || More than looks. :)
Love how Nick Johnson from the #Orioles walks to home plate to "I got five on it". so 1995 of him. Reminds me of high school and my Greeks
our conference is during that time but thank you for the invite!
Tomorrow I have my first official day of summer. #HOLLA<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I need 2 mil fa this shxt!
Nice day for a wedding at the County building - @ SD River Conservancy
TITTIES & BEER! GREAT BIG TITTIES & BEER!
He knew I enjoyed the relationships of college basketball. All along, he was the wise one. Rick Pitino
Let's go Knicks..
I was asking the same question.
V-Ice still has a lot of words to say, to a lot of mothers.
“You can't blame a writer for what the characters say.” <U+2015> Truman Capote
Don't hate haha
Ran out of pictures. Crap. Haha
WAIT!...lololol which one is the "cutie ;)" again? O.o
really bad morning, #11nb 9:04 Fleet/Albemarle not here yet... Any reports of traffic backups or anything?
Reading ORDINARY THUNDERSTORMS by William Boyd for next week's book group. I'm new to Boyd - good stuff.
Has anybody told your profile pic is extremely beautiful?
Wow, Bud was damn impressive there.
Guys! We need more followers to grow! :-)
$5 and a high five for anyone who comes over and packs up all my shit for me.
pick me plz!
RT : It's National High Five Day so make sure to slap some skin with your fellow Klipschsters!
saw that. Figured their CMS could handle it. Asked them to fix.
#NAMM Had some car issues so had AAAGold tow us to NAMM. Nice conversation and a real gas saver.
We are all a work in progress-physically and mentally. Meditation to calm the mind and the body is a great way to de-stress.
nope I haven't
in before WHAT
i accept that due to 1986 amendment to Ppls Ord, some residents pay for private trash pickup and others have their trash collected by city.
Thanks everyone for the bday wishes! Salsa dancing last night, bowling tonight, brunch on sun! Watching friend on CSI:NY fridy night! Fun!!
Holy hell. Watching now. I need her to dress like that more often...
Happy Friday the 13th tweeps! Will you be dancing this evening?
Thanks so much, Kate!! See you next week? :)
In the boro :)
Responses from re policy questions on their website tie everything up in a neat bow, never address real issue. Yea politics!
What is that kip
Great job tweeting for at the #iabcmnsc. Sounds like it was a fantastic event!
I'm following who follow me;) if I don't follow, only ask!
beginning debt management companies. credit repair in 21 days.
Is it bad that I know almost every line in the lion king 2 ?
Today's Declaration: I am focused and clear. (This one speaks to me loudly because today I am writing.) How are you spending your Tuesday?
Ha? Is what real life?
<U+FFFD>Paid search can live in a silo in an organization
Remind me to never read anything on Vice, ever again, unless it's from
I'll kick their ass
thanks for the follow! <U+8C22><U+8C22><U+4F60><U+7684><U+8DDF><U+7740>
#PrayForJapan on the first day of 2012, thats not fair. my prayers are with you all <3”
It appears America's land mass has been downgraded.
The Pit is the place to watch college basketball. 19K+ strong here to watch the first real contest of the season. WEARENEWMEXICO
Another quiet halloween at home. Kids ringing door bells, muffled pleas behind the basement door.
BEST GIRLFRIEND EVER! #CINCODEMAYO Gear!
havent said hi n 4ever gotta see how my bucks is doing! im actually here now its funny u always pop in my mind here:)
Pause. Co-create a compasionate common future by thinking of it as reality.
That's What You Need To Get Through You Head! Stop Freaking Saying Its Your Fault! I Wanted To Help You ! So Its MY FAULT!
Urban farm programs in San Diego for youth amazing, www.secondchanceprogram.org. Composting, vertical gardens, more.
Slight work, right work
Is the purpose to intrigue them to buy?
What age should kids read Charlette's Web?My 1st grader's class is reading it; son had many tears at the end; but he also said it was great!
Creativity low?! While you're finding inspiration, stop ur profits from sinking w/ the clients u have NOW! Find out how @ www.drwiggys.com!
did casting workshops in the past month with Danielle Eskinazi, Liz Martinez-Nelson, Jeffrey Gafner, Erica Silverman, & Stephanie Laffin!
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
I am so glam, I sweat glitter.
So.... who's excited for 520 tolling to start? EH?
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.
and I'm sure everything that came out of my mouth was damned brilliant x_x
Were all so quick to write people off.
Maury is such a pointless show
Nice meeting with discussing this morning.
Back to NJ means time to get Cluck U
Now that's how you go out. Grace. Gratitude. Class.
. I've tried using your app but it only seems to measure pulse, not systolic and diastolic. Any tips for getting all 3 to work?
Private equity investment recovers
they always insist it's not a "speed trap"
Had a really bad exp w/ But SUPER happy to get sweet note in mail from Sara M w/apologies & gift card. Now THAT's customer svc!
Instagram for Android...FINALLY!
Miami horror
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith!!
hey! How are you?
That was a bold prediction on his part.
Going to pick up my car. 4 fresh brand new tires
When THAT ex texts you to tell you he's coming to YOUR city and hopes you can put up with him for 2 days... Oh.
If only was in 3rd p I miss her lol
Sending you warm wishes right back! Hope you've had a good start to the new year! and I send you x's and o's.
please do! Can't wait!
High x Sleepy x Hungry
Don't u hate it when therz nuthin on the radio then when u don't hav time to listen 2 da radio the the most awsome song comes on
#Caps Ovi says he's leaving today for the world championships
New life goal: get my picture hanging on the wall at buca di beppa
Sometimes you have to re-evaluate your relationships with people. The truth can break your spirit.
Breaking: Irene hits Raleigh two days late... This downpour is what I was anticipating Saturday.
So many people question how you change over the years. Honestly, at the end of the day if your happy with yourself, thats all that matters.
Do you know what is dating in reverse? That's Come and meet unusual #dating startup at #life30, Apr 18
The artist's effort, always and everywhere, is to attain a fresh mode of cognition. -Donald Barthelme
Lakeshore Kitchen would like to wish everyone a happy and safe Thanksgiving!!
Thx. I agree infographics are great for presenting compelling data/content. Too often it's bullet points + pretty colors.
Not a good day to forget my umbrella
I find it a bit weird that someone holding up her comic book bona fides would ask if someone's "seen" (not read) Ghost World
Just found out what FLOTUS stands for
They were amazing, gave me chills...
cruzin into bronchitis i think...YIPPEE! Miss NC is one week away! yeah!
i'd actually be very happy if string bean was gone the rest of the school year
Hey there, Miranda. You are probably outdoors leading a fabulous FitVenture of yours. Check out www.mirzukfitness.com y'all!
nah, he's just naturally beautiful.
By following us you will be able to recieve updates on the competition, and you will be able to recieve direct opportunities from collectors
DTW is very nice, also deserted
Compress your speech without losing impact Tip 1: “Don't apologize or mention that you usually have much more time. Be confident.”
Congrats! Impressive stuff yesterday!
Have you had a chance to read up about Dr. Nancy Hafkin's induction to the Internet HOF? Don't worry. We have you covered...
Awesome. I have an interview for a script reading job this week.
Added hotel rms #Eden Roc, #Miami Bch Resort & Spa & #Gansevoort for #YBS12 book ur room now while still available. Hotels selling out fast!
Haha...yeah, but is that guy your neighbor? I think I've #gotyoubeat w/ Crazy G.'s rendition of "Boom Boom Pow" & "B-day Sex"
just did some hard core cleaning !!
--Except for "Dick, Jane and Sally", and some of Bertrand Russell's work--
Heading into the studio to mix a track called "I'm Addicted to Bad Bitches." I may accidentally rename it "Shoot Me Now."
Tiramisu cheesecake? That pic was not nice! LOL (noting ) Enjoy Seattle, lovely. Portland misses you. ;)
Sexy young hottie college girl , girl next door type alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com check me out now and don't hesitate email 4 appts!
After Flood:Remove dry wall up to and 2 feet above flood levels on walls and remove all insulation which came in contact with flood waters.
I've found your nighttime curation a valuable archeological find in the mornings.
If you're going to rape, pillage, and burn, be sure to do things in the right order. ~ Attila the Hun's Rule
Doing good. Just working and keeping busy.
Any guesses how many times neighborhood bar has changed hands now? Think they'll actually try something different, or same story?
Looking forward to reading your article coming out in the summer. Which month does the issue come out, and how do I get a copy?
Looking forward to yours.. we'll see if I get around to mine.. going to try, though! :)
i bhe on that low man tryinn to get that currensy
not sure. was like that when i got home around 6. there were a couple news camera crews, but i couldnt tell what was goin down.
Perfect laugh to start the morning! Thanks!
omw to school-_- ! Everyone Good Luck on the test.! ( if your taking it) <U+E056><U+E00E>
People make time for things that are important to them.
Great job!!
nah...it's up to you to say what you're called and make it reality.
The more research I do.. the more I realize how valuable a personal blog is for selling yourself
getting ready for #sxswi as a pedicabber is a very different process.
I'm not hatin. Just a bit jealous
Hey - you still need that bobblehead it were you able to get one?
Not much...just 999 plan & GOP opposing everything in sight...ya know...same 'o, same 'o thing.. :-)
Today’s Beverly specials: Soup of the day is Mushroom. Sugar free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
I'm officially a tornado junkie-- no sleep last night; every cell aching to go to Joplin & Alabama and help in any way I can.
In so much trouble w/ Life.is.unfair. Arrrhhhhggghhhh
coming to see the evens at fort reno tonight?
& when it's worse, it's long fights about how we fight too much & nonsense like "you don't really care enough."
Because Maria Mrdelja rolls on the floor laughing at me and then thinks of how much she loves Jordan Mark Witzigreuter and cries.
I don't get it - once I turned 36, I wake up every day at 5:15a ready to crush. Is that a sign of old age or yrs of zig ziglar coming out?
The wish for healing has always been half of health
what are you up to later today
#HowToAnnoyFolkAtWork: Burn the popcorn. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
SEATING ARRANGEMENTS will appeal to Maine and Bridesmaids fans. Read it during the wedding season.
not at all :/
My night >>
!!!!!!!! Channing Tatum live chat in 25 minutes!! ah!
nope I watch it!
awesome bro, well check it out for sure!
When people are like 'I'm da real official blablabla' no you're a douchebag
Who went to the signing yesterday? I should have logged on here before.. wanted to meet a lot of you. I a lot of fans at the concert tho. x
Lol I might have appendicitis & kidney stones! FUCKING AWESOME.
Praying for the Polish people and Poland
Am speaking tonight on Small Space #Gardening to GARDEN CLUB OF COLLEGE GARDENS in #Rockville #MD #gardendc -book me for your club's nxt mtg
Wow, what a day for our student employees! was awarded the Kearse Student Honors Award! Congrats Ben!
Maybe Trinidad & Tobago are next on the launch schedule! Lol....
Hey Holly! Been a few! How are you, Dave, and the boys?
Just heard about Easy WP SEO, any thoughts? What's your competitive advantage?
Playing with the new games at AC Slots, badass stuff come see us @ G2E booth # 2014
Dearborn Truck Plant no production daytime Thurs. due to a parts issue. Visitor Center & tours still running. Thanks
Finish the Sentence -- "I'm looking forward to more __________ in 2012!"
Awww well I mean, I'm just a fan account! Are you talking about the real Justin?
Goodness, none of my friends want to go to Burger and Beer Joint this Saturday.
Enjoying the suprisingly good #spring weather? Come in for a haircut and get a #pedicure for half price!!!
Has one coach ever followed another only to have the reverse come true at another school? #arkansas dejavu
remember the other night we decided we weren't gonna put up with the inflexibleness?
don't get too full of yourself now, wild thing
When Robins eat too many honeysuckle berries at once, they become...well...drunk. Holiday partying? ops...
Thanks Jess!
How you like that, Ravens Nation? You're welcome, Baltimore.
Joel you are a *elbow tap, ear flick, hair flip, shoulder brush* DON'T UNDERESTIMATE OUR LANGUAGE!!!!
This tweet had me very worried for a second there.
happy birthday to me? You ROCK!
very excited :)
We have sites with open classroom concepts that seem to work
it should be better than they were. Not really up to par with the crafts, sadly. Still love , though!
There are so many performances on the ACMs tonight and they're all great!
Anyone would quit if they don't believe they're good at anything.
Front Desk Tues: Um, Interior AK was NOT a tropical rainforest during the Russian-AK era. Local big museum might want to not tell folks that
#JumpAround Y'all
#schoolmemeries I'm so not gonna miss my ratchet ass school I'm soo serious
at least they were'nt watching porn.
hey bud! Love you bunches!
Man on campus at 8am said he didn't know college kids got up that early. Little does he know...we don't. what's sleep?
idk i havent seen anything about that yet. is there one at ur school?
. flight delayed. Seat in front of the exit row wasn't supposed to recline. They fixed it & realized it WAS supposed to recline
WORDS TO THE WISE: IM THE BIG FISH FRYER - PAT FORD*
lol ah, we just call that delivery =) I live in a simple world
Hm, Sprecher Amber or a V8??? What would you drink?
wish you could still do inside drill with us
HEY JOE.....WHAT DO U HAVE TO SAY 2 UR MANY, MANY GAY FANS...???? KEEP THOSE SHIRTLESS SCENES COMMING....!!
Jury has to decide if car was used as deadly weapon. If so, then Bronson would have to serve at least half sentence before parole.
yeah-- I hear that.
FREE Small Premium Roast Coffee at Mcdonalds! Perfect time to treat someone for coffee! ^Eugene, PDX area only
aha yeah [:
why do you reroute buses & not tell riders?
I know somehow after all the missteps im still here to change it. And im coming to chicago this summer 4 sho
The beauty of life does not depend on how happy you are, but how happy others can be because of you.
Went to merchandize picture books & smelled chlorine. Brought me back to my swimming days, until I realized it was staff disinfecting toys.
My mom got me all stoked for the upcoming show in Seattle. Then I remembered I'm moving the week before... :(
Apparently it's CADU (diaeresis). But now I'm wondering if the 'ae' in diaeresis should be a diphthong. God help me.
Oh ... We've sunk A&M plenty of times!
i dont know if it is or not.
How to be productive: quit twitter?
thanks! You good people too
Nope, sorry!
": Green Bay 45, Detroit 41. Your Green Bay Packers are 15-1, the most wins in team history. Happy New Year. #gopack" Happy 2012! NP
Ryan Serhant from Million Dollar Listing, you can butter my biscuit any time you want...... #SoHot #ButterMyBiscuit ;)
If the LOLCATS site is ever hacked, I'm blaming the Script Kitties [or rather: Skrept Kittehs]
I know you made it! But I know... Tomorrows gonna be the longest day ever waiting.
Re: said groundhog, wait 'til it makes babies and they all eat your garden. Then, not so cute. Well, a lot less cute.
Good morning
lil boys lil boys am going to pray for u little young guys
Great #edtech meetup today. We look forward to showing you our ePortfolio.
Anybody want to have a picnic or eat dinner at a restaurant with a patio with me tonight?
THIS LIQUOR GOT THE BEST OF ME!!! YEEEEAAAAA! THIS LIQUOR GOT THE BEST OF ME!!!
If you ever have any questions about how Bilderberg Operates, just watch GPS 360 w/ Fareed Zacharia (Bilderberg Member choice of topics)
First 5 to tweet back get xbox
Oh yes, equally addictive, but totally different writing style. Her characters are the most incredible I've read.
Awesome catch!
Is the show House based on a specific hypochondriac message board or just all of them?
okay, whatever you say. But you still have some explainin' to do when I get back misssssy!
Study: Pollution trading could trim bay cleanup costs
Dude!!! you Betta Keep Preachin through them Drums lol!!! You a true inspiration Doc for real!!
Montanez's Law? When presented with a choice of images of which to share, the user will inevitably pick the wrong one.
Love that idea...I think he would put up numbers better than or equal to McGehee in '09/'10 if at Miller Park with better D!
burn them! Burn the hellish fiends!!!!!!
America. I can't forgive this. should not have been eliminated. You can't base it on just last night's performance!! Ugh.
This ump is gonna have to open the strike zone you alittle gosh
My baby <3 ah I love you
But none of this would be possible with out faith and prayer to my God
Preparing for next weeks performance
I wear socks OVER my flip flops. It makes my feet look all lumpy and mysterious. Which is what we all want from our feet.
#Listening to Beulah's excellent "Yoko." Forgot that I owned this record, much less how good it is.
no don't cry!!!!!! We'll figure something out!
just go home already fanny pak god
is my co-pilot
Gotta get up early 2morrow, got hole lotta things to do
#TY for the #RT of #Follow #Funkies list via
When Dana flips out like she's psychotic or something <<<<
All I said was grow up...
passing out!
#Jetsetter RT : I'll only be able to do #SheCon on Friday. Then off to ATL for 's conference.
What did Milbury do now?
In love with Francis Collins
Fear or faith - which will be our master? T Hanks
Mapping community needs vs. community assets; layered POV; mapping oral histories
Bob evans does not find the apostrophe represents them. It is a restaurant of multiple bob evanses
Putting the rebel in cerebellum
that was me
billy parton is beautiful
I have the worst kind of people in my family on both sides ... No good daddy's money hungry baby mommas racist ass Hispanics
Break a Leg
Does that remind you of that gross Ashley Simpson song from like 2007?
Thanks for following
couldnt have asked for a better Reds update! Glad to have you and it wont be the last time!
susienator how is your tummY? u gotta watch out for those sneaky mexicans, i wonder if you can bring an ice cooler on the plane
New News View tonight!
IN the Lab looking to get these new beats out soon!
Thanks for checking out my video, Ren. Let me know if you ever have any questions. Take care : )
No plans yet. Stay tuned...
"The internet has shown -fundamentally- better way to live and work" -
I agree.They should show women in true form in the fetal position, crying, eating funyuns and watching when harry met sally.
lmfao Larry called Tashias friend a bitch a Kellys... when they got in his face it was all bad... he bitched up
Im in Bangkok, Thailand.
Thanks for sharing this, Scott. So thanks to social media, I might be able to afford Oscar de la Rental some day!?
I want a review if that place! Seen it but never stopped in.
I kind of like it, too?
Stop in for lunch great deals all day long. 2011 s 1 street
That was a fun game to watch. Lucas was tearing it up and dropping fadeaway bombs on LeBron.
If u want more followers follow me and we can get u 200 only the first 50 will wen this is serious !!!!
Plus, he will be officially living with me and the folks in the beginning of June. Let the good times roll. :)
RT : Am giving two tics away for mon game!!! So retweet eveyone that is the first step to be entered into contest
Doing great thanks. Last day of "spring break" then onwards! Concert season awaits!
Will there be refreshments? RT Interested in statewide bison management planning? Come to the Bozeman Holiday Inn on May 24
watching rays game w/ he says "I tried 2 make play like that 1"2 which my reply was & what pt of your body did u injure?
RT : Handguns is so good. Fuck yeah.
u ok?
Breakfast with mae. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
Box Office Guru Wrapup: Hunger Games Still the Victor at BO Audiences made The Hunger Games the first film since Avatar to hold the numbe
Just try your hardest =)
Bruins power play is back to looking anemic I see...(I'm only saying that so they score and make me look stupid)
If I Die Tomorrow #ireallywant to make happy my followers with my tweets, follow
I want him to sing endless love- just one line
When I go to high-school, I know I might change or somethings will change.
crap... what'd they change this time?
Yo I haven't been out to #426 in a min
GJ was the interview in 93.7 fm The Fan Pirates Pre-Game today.
Can't pull up the Chili's menu online. WTF! Hope they are aware of that...
follow me (:
Awe thanks!<U+062A> And yeah I gate Mondays too.
yea im gettin real good at drawin pauly d too
This fan would like to see come in right about now! >>> " The #SportingKC subs warming up! -KK"
RT : These are spooning hours..yet Im wide awake talking to y'all on twitter// Smh
Hope u will make Life Pieces To Masterpieces first gala & art auction. Thursday Oct 6 6-8:30. www.lifepieces.org.
#Flyer gameday.... and I'm almost to tweet 6,000. Who should i dedicate number 6,000 to? hm
I wanna be 6'2 at most..
Guys with pretty much any European accent >>>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
#promoting in #SantaMonica Wednesday for #Acupuncture and #HomeHealthCare services.
some parts. wouldn't change the vast majority of it for anything in the whole world though.
I wish the Whitaker hoops were up so I could go shoot around <U+E42A>
It's not that warm.out yet but ill be drinking so who care hahaha
it is text books. Lol I got exam next week
what ever your auditioning for I know you'll get it and be the best you can be. Good Luck <U+263A>
Being attacked by wonka trucks, and barbie dolls by Allie is not the funnest way to get outta bed. HateLies<3Trust
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! Take a moment to serve someone less fortunate today as a measure of giving thanks!
no one should EVER clip their nails at the office. ever.
What are you doing for Christmas time?
#ReplaceMovieTitleWithHorny Horny in the Woods
I bruised my baby toe in tumbling!
you liked it
Not my boyfriend .
me too lol
Life is amazing. Everyday a combination of your expectations paired with the unexpected.
Come on
Herbst Tells New UConn Graduates They Are &quot;Architects&quot; Of Their Own Lives - Hartford Courant
Another office just opened in Nashville, please follow
Oh, and I watched breaking dawn part 1 tonight(:
the city is as much a character in the film as everyone else... i love finding excuses to get back there
A bird just slowly approached til it was about 6" from my shoe, then abruptly flew away. #itwalkedonmypillow!
Pretty sure I dislocated my shoulder playing tetherball, but it popped back in.
half price bottles of wine today and every Saturday. We have a rockin' wine list!!
that's a damn long time in the bathroom wtf you eating
Some will test you, some will use you and some will teach you. But most importantly, some will bring out the best in you.
Headed to a crash at the vista ridge tunnel
oh hit your right. Lemme change that shit
PwC town hall on preparing yourself for the global workplace is starting now, 4pm in Fisher Colloquium, Hariri. All GU students welcome!
We have enough cause these ppl girl!!!! “: Just remember that love conquer all things”
Congrats to three of my faves in the biz and their James Beard nominations! !!!
So about laughing at the lakers game 1 vs OKC.......yea my bad
Going to try to win tickets again ! 9:25!
I feel u but da name flips was nice tho
**REMEMBER if you REFER a FRIEND, you'll RECEIVE $8 bonus bucks to use towards FREE TANS, UPGRADES, and LOTIONS!**
just catching up! Sorry dude! Get better. Enjoy the legal meds.
I really like this
Chocolate milk. (;
but niggas are tryna say a nigga who lead the league n steals 3x cant play Defense..dats blasphemy
#ninagarcia is top trending right now, and the show just started, keep sending her ur #BestDressed picks and watch #ABC for the action.
Just saw Lori Berquim #dontgo video,wish UW officials would realize appealing2students senses&morals will never work...requires them2have em
Wait...where were we when we were where we were? #zalliteration RT
Thx, Kyle. I'm feeling like a pretty lucky guy right now! RT : 3 of my favorite tweeters! Enjoy
Thanks ! Nice work and crew! Provocative conversation at #mcn2011 today. Amazing when we see we're all in the same boat!
I have emailed NCBI help a few times, and am slowly learning. I thought it might be more fun to discuss in 140 characters :)
We are 1 hr away from gates opening. The energy is crazy (in a good way)!
It looks really nice!
Just gonna do hw all day and watch Pretty Little Liars until we have to leave to Queens
There's a certain sad stillness to a house after a 2-Year-Old vacates it. Miss my nephew already.
I'm outside eating watching people run. <U+E402>
i thought it was orange?
you're invited.
Thanks for mentioning me! :)
I dislike when a project is consistently inconsistent. It means so much more work for me...if not now, someday.
#ff cuz he swings his bass
Dogs do their social networking on Assbook, via the World Wide Whiff.
It's a little more than a routine visit, but it's good to have a good pediatrician!
To those not tracking analytics, is there any push back abt spending staff time/tax $ on social media? Or is value proven now?
All booked and sorted for #CMJ Music Marathon in New York in October - can't wait!
when's the big 0 birthday?
We do everything on a case by case basis but have general price pts we can hit easily. DM us an email address I can send info to!
Never a boring day in Memphis lmao
thank you
Also, increase in skin disorder exzema -- also autoimmune.
I work tomorrow from 6:30-11. people should come in (:
awesome. thanks!
nope not going
The Gymanimals are in the black history Parade!! Downtown Atlanta
Haha RT First day of school: "This year, I'm gonna work hard." It never happens!
can you follow me and I will talk to you on dm instead of tweets and I'm really confused about this talk to me on dm please?<3
Everyone go follow she's close to 300 followers! Let's help her out :)
omg. your imagination is very creative I bet...
6 Ways to Build Up Your Biceps
You a fan of the orange jerseys? They looked sharp on tv.
"In #Birmingham they love the governor."
Jays tie it up in the 9th 4-4 as they start swinging the bats
The #grammys not that hott this year a lil dry but may be do to the passin of Whitney...tears rip
Well that's just GREAT
We get very, VERY lost...unTIL we find our way YET AGAIN in life...
can I buy a RT on this moafuka?
haha Cool! I love that movie :) have fun!
DEAD MENTIONS ARE SO BORING.
Last day of school, and End of 1st Semester! :)
What's going on for new yrs?
- then again, you might not call it "fun" after a combined total of 25 hours ! (Whew!)
Loving this weather!
Buster's back to a standing ovation.
Survived a flight attendant w a frosted mullet who kept making casual threats over the intercom & withheld snacks. Hello, sweet Baltimore.
Gave a little relationship advice for another guy to my ex ._. Sometimes i think im too nice
One night I thought I heard a cat fight in my alley but alas, it was definitely a huge rat fight. No rat king though :(
What's up with the leader boards? They appear to be inaccurate, reporting only a handful of donors for orgs that have dozens.
hm yuni walks again. Tell me again when he is going to suck. So far so good
lol Dr. Diaz! I love it!
T Minus an hour and a Half till another EPIC night @ Playhouse!!!
Its an elite 8 block party!
same to you! Hope it is sweet!
I don't claim to do much other than.... Be Rondells mom and its proven!
r u mad at me
RT : For those of you following The Amazing Race: the Madison couple is kicking ass.
depends on the time of day, I don't drink beer til at least 9a.
Re-watched The Incredible Hulk and Captain America on Blu-ray today.
My dreams are to win a Tony and be on Glee :3 And I can't audition for The Glee Project because I'm not 18 :(
Worst feeling ever when you type a paper have nothing else to say and come up short. Then continue to talk gibberish in relative terms...
. How did you find out? I haven't seen an announcement
How can the only thing that's killing me make me feel so alive
you have some nice pictures
We're loving it! Thanks for coming in! Already ordered?
Finally reading "On Food and Cooking" by Harold McGee!
If you could spend the day with any musician, who would it be and why?
why is it she has to always look so gorgeous when i see her? what sucks is she doesnt knw how i feel bout her :-(
Happy First Friday #Indianapolis - Brave the cold and get out to see some arts tonight! We'll be hitting up Harrison Center and Nutcracker
because that would suck
coming or no?
Morning!! Idk how its raining on the warmest day of the week smh...
follow me if you love justin i am a true belieber who loves justin from the begining till the end Please follow me if justin makes u Smile
Bruins goal now lead 3to0 in the third
“: You either CHOOSE me or you LOSE me Because I'm not a second option.”
its always acting twitty?
Got a little too auto-pilot on conversations and missed out of some paragon points. Something I thought was helping me may have been hurting
Hate missing tonight's #sarampage game...but love following the updates via !! #FearTheSteer #ReadySetRampage !!!
But this actually came from me wanting to cover See You Again in a completely unironic manner, because RTT we played dat ALL DAY
hahaha he thinks the mirror one on photo booth is the funniest thing ever!
I have. I must be doing something wrong.
RT wtf no next joke pls beyonce is Wayy more better : selena has a better voice then beyonce and better acting skills then...."
Please contact us! info(at)airhollywood(dot)com
#USC is so good! The rest of the #Pac12 should just give up the 2012 season!
Tomorrow's post at Great American Wines: Should You Join a Wine Club? (Short Answer--YES!)
Most of the tweets I want to write are making fun of something somebody else just earnestly tweeted. But would people think I'm not nice? :(
How so? DFW & ATX passes went in less than ten minutes. HTX & SATX just went live two minutes ago.
If only... guess I'll have to settle for #texican tacos.
there's always powerball!
alex. I love you please reply to me!
I don't think of it as disrespect. Some people idolize him but he wasn't the best ever.
LOL good idea
I don't think you know that you are the light of my world and I'm the luckiest person to know you.
Do you even know what the last name Pevensie comes from?
completely understandable and apropos.
L.A. Proper with the cast from "Entourage" @ SHFT!
Sweet! Glad I could help.
shitttttttttttttttt wesssupppppppp!! let me know a time & date..lmfao
Just wanted to let you know that you are amazing. <3
Aw, congrats! XOXO
RT : Be wary of the limits of your habits. Ask yourself, how would I experience the world if I didn't have this habit?
Lol we would get a 6 pack of both hot dogs and beer if I was there hahha
haha with jake, you?
If you love your mama tweet me back
Flashing the boys is not cute, its very disrespectful and inappropriate.
I wonder if is up
dis song is nice
Electric eels can produce strong electric shocks of around 500 volts for both self defense and hunting. That's a darn strong stun gun!
I'll be heading for Emergency Room again!! WTF...!! I hate it but have too!!
Loved the robots in the pre-Easter show.
This revolves around the data provided from the search marketing results. Give me a call to discuss. 612.275.0943
Research on Data Acquisition and Transmission Technology in High ...
Don't FREAK out today is National I am In Control Day~ Fool the world today into thinking everything is gonna be alright!!!
Congratulations to our wonderful students on two great shows this week! So proud of you all.
so swag
oh there wasn't even a word for how excited I was.
Thanks for the follow! I've got a show @ Blu on 4/12 (8-midnight). Would love it if you spread the word. Thanks!
hey Trent! Heard you were an editor/filmmaker. What edit system do you have?
whaaaatttt lmao? Idk why I do but I do<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
i wanna be followed by (: #bigdream <21 i won't give up!
Thanks for the leads! Know anyone in SolarMosaic? Sounds like a perfect fit for me - I'm a huge proponent of #SolarPower !
I know, right? It's hard to remember. I'm a bit biased towards MLA, too. Fun fact: my relative wrote one of the handbooks.
Lmfao. Seriously, though... I don't even know what I'm tweeting anymore, these days.
No Church In The Wild
Just some family stuff... and the fact that giraffes went extinct in the Carmel Valley produce department
You know it ;)
A man surely should be allowed to take a glass of wine by his own fireside. Or by ours…
nope! :( just been snuggled up on the couch! :p hehe
BREAKING: Herman Cain may stop pretending he's running for President. via
Can't wait for the ball to drop.
The ONLY "Reality" TV is "live" sports. Nothing else comes close.
The 2012 Classroom of the Future winner in the state of Minnesota is...Rice Lake Elementary in Maple Grove!!
This time we in is really depressing,troublesome, and sad...what to do??? just keep your head up and move on...
haha that was the only good part of my night
Winner will be announced at 3 p.m. on Friday, so make sure to get your tweets in by then!
FOLLOW MY MAN FOR A INSTANT FOLLOW BACK #TEAMFOLLOWBACK NO LIE
Watching CONTAGION, courtesy of
mind your business
I had one too before and it's scary having to experience that.
heard last night was a huge success. congrats!
Shut it down down down
you got a big head man.. but you're cute so its good
u wish .gags
Thanks for coming in! We hope to see you back soon!
Ah... San Diego. Sunshine and ocean breezes. Yeah.
so did i
go to make my cake in harlem, new york city on 116th street best cake in the world if you must have cake
literally the minute I get home you're coming over and we're playing #skywardsword til the sun comes up. PARTY DON'T STOP
That's great! RT : I love the only way I get my omega 3s!
HULK SMASH!
Soft drinks: Public enemy No.1 in obesity fight?
Got advise for car-sharing newbies? Share it here.
Did you really just reply to yourself?
I need somebody to talk to...
Goodnight Beautiful People (: <U+2665>
Ahh omg its your birthday??? HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRL! <3
That sounds great!
It is worthwhile to live and fight courageously for sacred ideals
I bought my daughter a Kindle Fire tonight and I LOVE it...it would really wrong for me to pretend it broke just so I can play w it...right
www.dreambighustlehard.com enough said
miss you! Love you! I'll raise a glass to you as soon as I know it will stay down...
If they remade the 1995 movie 'Kids' based off how kids are today, I'm sure the remake would make the original look like a Disney movie.
“: Do you feel the same way about Paolo Tornaghi and Sean Johnson?” ---Yes. But one subpar game by Tornaghi and SJ is back.
ha ha!
One of our owners, , is headed to the 'Paign tomorrow to try out for Can't wait for hilarious stories!
'Like' if you want me to do a CC photo spam. -Sara
Dear Woody, don't f this up.
You're annoying me, Go play on the freeway.
happy birthday to my biggest inflence on earth, i wanna c u in Wisconsin but nobody will take me:( I hope you have a great bday
asks "What's red and bad for your teeth? - a brick!" haha, best joke I've heard all day.
It is June & I am wearing a sweatshirt. So happy. Good start to Friday!
that was a good convo
aunt passed away.....trying to get ready so i can head to Texas for the funeral
anyways I'm gonna go lick my ed sheeran autograph now :-)
you mean I don't have to go to Seattle for it anymore?
Jables! Yoo, call me. We need to chill this weekend.
& , you two are always welcomed here with me
i know someone who got skin cancer from their sunroof. be careful, those things be dangerous!
where at
Expanding the reaches of twitter onto IMDB......
#ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo is being in a financial rut. You should call us, maybe we can help you :) No harm in asking :-*
Stewie's head from the side...lmfao!
actually no, Nokia flip phone.
Looks like the #Packers could open next season on Thursday night against the Giants?
They both suck RT : Steve Blake is like Mike Miller, if he's not hitting outside shots they're useless.
Taylor Swift 'Should Star In Grease Remake '
Police in a Ford Taurus? Really?
didn't know til ur ass left bitch u cud of said hi
have a great birthday! How old will u be? :)
Dropping today new video from for "Up" - #YAYO the mixtape on the way next week 3/13
Who is Biff and how did he fall
whats your next song going to be about??? :)
hey guys, we're working on a project for restaurant week and would like to ask you a few questions, what is your email address?
jam packed!!!
Watching Buffy the Vampire Slayer reruns with my best friend Kelly. The 90's were totes boss.
Stuck in the office? We cater! Call us for more details 770-671-0100
Diageo maker of and vodka said sales increased 8% to $9.11 bill in the last 6 months to the end of 2011
lmao tu ta loco RT “: lol i was bored the idea just came to my head #random”
I'm having a really good Friday all thanks to my best friend and her sistaaaa. <3
Is that for each major?
BYE is such an amazing band.
To live and breathe is a blessing. Never waste the gift you have been givin. Life is too short to spend focused on negativity.
it's not playing for me but I'm sure I'd disagree lol
He is super attractive and It's upsetting that he will be missing in the next season! They need to amend that somehow!
Nicolette is one of us. We've already had this discussion. First Minny Gang and now this abdc shit. She makes me proud :>
Poor Rihanna! How did she lose herself!
Dafuuuuuq? And i Thought That Nigga Was Smart. RT Albert Einstein married his first cousin.
in DC right now RT : Waddup dude
round two? “ With a cup of ramen ;) ": leave it to and i to take shots so early in the moaning."”
The moka pot has been on double duty today. Glug glug buzz.
COUPLES NIGHT! Buy one get one FREE entry for ALL COUPLES! Couples dances, discount VIP Booths, $5 Pizzas! Come hang out!
there are enuf examples of real racism, for you to point out racism in fake movie world.
17 left just below average.
I Miss You 2!!! Ima be in NY Thursday!!!
let me know if you have time to sign a few items for the group. If not I'm sure I'll see ya some other time
How in The blue hell did that puck not go in?
Social media allows us to "match" other people who are like us. #uwbenhuh (weird as we all may be)
Thanks for the spoiler, iTunes.
Wow... I had a lot of bands following me today. Please be patient... I am listening :)
leftover artichoke and spinach stuffed bacon wrapped chicken o'clock!
"Giving is the highest level of living." John C. Maxwell
They've been working on setting up a footprint in central NC and I've been loving every second of it.
Getting faded up with the boys @ All-American fastest and best barber in America... See Mark...Russian-American Establishment.
Common Sense is to ban a character so players don't have to worry about breaking the game. For once I don't agree w/u2
Are any #slpeeps using any formal assessment tools for written language? Any opinions on TOWL-4 vs. OWLS and how do they compare to the WJ?
In life it is essential to find what brings you to tears but moves you to strength
i HATE ppl touching me in my sleep or while im falling asleep…thats irritating…ugh get off me!!
Landry: Derek Dooley is better fit at Tennessee than Kiffin
Reading: Book review of Gail Goodman's "Engagement Marketing" for marketing #smallbiz. Simple: Experience, Entice, Engage.
“: Health and fitness is an every day thing, not just a week day thing.” and an every meal thing!
is that person just talking to himself? Needs self-help.
“: Hmm Vegas for the fight or Tampa with the Fam.. Leaning towards Fam on this one.”.
where the rest of em at?
haha them foos are crazy to think i have that much time,
Laser tag was the best idea of how to spend today!!!
Hell to the yeah!
" i smell cinnamon rolls! " - old man from Benchwarmers. <3
I'm outrageous lol
Ha! Not a big deal. I'm just anxious for our next phase and frustrated that it's hard to find the right place. We'll get there!
Thanks. Hope it gets worked out.
"China Grove" is really, REALLY fucking loud in concert.
Sometimes, the words said by the mouth are not the thoughts said by the heart.
50 percent of the people you know are below average.
Matt Kemp placed on the DL
Rumors of the heart
Who knows what time it is? That's right! Taco Tuesday at Lincoln's - $3 tacos and Coronas, yum!
We'll do what we can to help! The RRF could really use the grant to help with the Greenway Gateway project along the river!
If Warner says "um" one more time...
great movie, checking it out again if I get a chance.
“: XIO INVITED YOU THE JIGHT OF.NONNAS.”YES I DID
Wade a bitch
If you're a teacher you should definitely check out for great insight/tips/perspective
I am so creating a Springpad notebook with all the community manager tools mentioned in this chat! Will share it when I'm done!
Cool! We'll definitely drop by!
ok, i'll take a look. Thank u.
Who knew? #lion cubs sound like bleating goats.
I got 1,000 on the Knicks beating Miami, sup?
Already got my phone taken away, and my iPods gonna be taken away tomorrow Dx
Foh, changing tweets
yes party!
Dis stuff got me really thinkin
I get the idea that "On Time" is a phrase not present in the lexicon. Waiting in CLT airport. The place can't hold a candle to ATL
what ever happened to our sleep-over?
I just got home from Bible sudy class. I have to work tomorrow and I'm off Sunday.
I have to tell you that I loved American Me. It felt relatable and I just wanted you to know. BSG was great too
hey sweetie tweet me what happened on TV.
but fo real doe RT the word doe <<
Is it wrong to have sex b4 you're married? Only if it makes u late for the ceremony!
Alright #BringBackToonami is eminent. follow our demands and you will get better ratings Signed, Anime Lovers of America
I am so thankful that he's present in my life n we have an awesome relationship !
Namaste! RT : Thank you for following. Best wishes :-)
Thanks for the follow! Yay to indie publishers! Onward!
that sucks
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KEVIN J love ya!
Fell asleep on my baby, & woke up to a Goodmorning text from him in return
So much for getting to work early... :-(
everyones gathering around the fire... what lyric line is that from? :)
People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness
I understand why people riot but then again, I don't. Why destroy your own neighborhood? Happened in LA, Detroit, Newark...
Haven't tweeted in a while. I would use the excuse that I'm busy with the offseason, but that would just be a lie.
Don't get how #takecare isn't the number 1 album of all time. It came out 6 months ago and people still listen to it everyday.
A woman with just the right amount of crazy will let u put it in her butt, then mouth, then butt again, but won't make a voodoo doll of u.
"Every once in a while honey let your love show - Every once in a while honey let yourself go." ::alejandro escoveda::always a friend::
High Motor?
follow back beautiful
When I have children I'm gonna make them watch the movie 2012 and tell them I survived that. :)
QUESTION: will learning to organize lolcats into a minion horde be on the agenda?
Looks like a cool gig!
Flight to CMH conveniently delayed. Certain party of 3 upgraded to first. All good!
Nice man, booked him on 2 shows. You will have a great show with him! Sure he will re-schedule if needed, keep us posted, will RT
:) : Yes! Welcome to #TeamNoSleep Lauren! MT : A big welcome to the newest member of our team: ”
Big Ben had a better rookie season...
I Got The Same 40...From Last Year...That Big Bitch...#GetOffYoungin!
Today will be somewhat cooler than Mon. but there will be plenty of sunshine. Thanks Patrick Hammer
hey ur welcome
Grudges are a waste of perfect happiness. Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you can't change.
When I went to bed, I had no clue why a character did a certain thing. I woke up knowing exactly why. I don't think my muse ever sleeps. :)
Another icon lost. Longtime TV entertainer, "American Bandstand" host and New Year's Eve host Dick Clark has died at 82.
The parking lot by the pier at the end of Newport might be good. Or space by OB Surf and Skate.
are you going??
i told you tht i would be here forever !
Yes. What's up?
2 male models I would love to work with &
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Enjoy your time with family and friends :)
Who else had a hard time getting up this morning? Still have the sounds of fireworks echoing in my brain!
#dhtrial in court d att. Seemd intent on preserving appeal with objection to definition given. P attorney spoke of " to last on appeal"
Go girl! RT : About to test the what doesn't kill you makes you stronger, on multiple fronts. Wish me luck.
Sam Goldwyn said, “If you want to send a message, use Western Union.” Yes, don't preach your message in your movie, but don't neglect theme.
All women are angry
To win the title, hell yeah I do. RT : don't tell me you think bosh is a CRUCIAL element in Miami's success?
If anyone's in the #Cleveland area this weekend, I'll be hanging out.
What is your favorite summer beer?
He's the best holding midfielder in the country and Canada. Too bad he's not qualified to play for
She makes a killer colada.
Bout to see what this Nebraska strip club be like.
text me.
If it doesnt work i got a friend selling a nice one.
It is a very hard task but sometimes you have to take one for the team!
Hahaha. What can I say? My words just beam positive radiance!
Thanks to all for partying with us tonite......@ the Coolest Little Bar You never knew you was missin.....
Man in elevator,to woman: Can I smell your crotch? Woman: No, you cannot! Man: Oh, then it must be your feet. For more follow
Father's Day is around the corner. We have a $99 Golf + Massage Pkg! Betcha he may like that. :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO A SPECIAL CUZZIN-- :D
Just bought tickets to go see on their #APOCALYPTOUR! You have no idea how excited I am!
We are a great addition to Golf tournaments, Galas, corporate/ networking events and more!
i was so mad today that i chucked my ipod at my locker and the whole right side of the screen is cracked :(
Work work and more work that my MOTO Goodmornin enjoy
just wanted to let you know that i LOVE you new hair cut! you look much older and more mature!!
My notable draft picks: Tom Brady, Michael Turner, Rashard Meendenahl (No idea how to spell his name), Bears Defense and Calvin Johnson.
RT : New AACC White Paper: Preventing Abuse in Federal Student Aid: Community College Practices.
I can hear it in Verne Lundquist's voice that he's also ready for football.
Alec Wilkinson's latest, The Ice Balloon: Both beautiful and exhausting, like, well, sledging across the Arctic wastes in 1897.
never go to loud & clear !
3-pitch inning with a triple play? works for me. RT : it wouldn't be perfect if men got on base, right?
I felt the same way. YOU ARE NOT ALONE.
A great film. Enjoy!
I just saw My Week With Marilyn! It was so good! Michelle Williams is amazing! Oscar worthy!
Thanks for the support!
If u want to look at the world from the rooftop, u must first climb the ladder to get there.
Can we stop promoting this 'us vs. them' story? There's a lot more to it than that. RT : Maryland poised to legalize gay marriage...
HEY THERE... we are counting the days!!!
Y'all - it's SECO time. Hope to see you in Atlanta Feb 10-14!
I love a presentation that ends in poetry
I NEED AT LEASE 130 FOLLOWS BY TONIGHT YOU THINK I MAKE IT FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW U BACK THANGS #TEAMFOLLOWBACK <333333
RT : Follow & RT to win a Jason Statham DVD pack & $100 GameSpot or AmEx gift card from #Safe and !
Finally watching Soul Surfer ! <3
Hahaha cosign ": Everyone needs a little 737 in their lives!!! ”
oh totally. I don't mind shelling out 40 bucks for tickets and my bladder buster coke this time around.
Teaching myself Orchard CMS. From what I have learned so far, I am really digging it. Lots of similarities to WordPress.
The pleasure was ours! Congrats on another successful meeting! RT thanks for coming!
It's gonna be a great game
you ladies are the main reason how i get through everyday dont know what i do without you two
Yo Cleveland you are about to wake up to everything all white. The opposite of what this weekend is suppose to be about
You go girl. Be Fierce! that's awesome, totally made me smile. I am impressed and almost motivated to move my body 3mi per day.
Despite being a child of the 80's, I've never grown just a mustache.
MT : It would behoove to hire another conserv Brainstorm blog soon... who will write substantive, responsible posts.
Watching the blair witch project :)
I tried to be brooding and dark, but it all fell through.
well you should have it back before the week is over.
Oscar Wilde~ The aim of life is self-development. To realize ones nature perfectly - that is what each of us is here for.
There comes a time in life when the things you see are not really there,and the unseen are right before your eyes.
Don't forget, ALISS is meeting with Dean Lipinksi. Tweet us any questions you have!
My dad thinks I should keep my hair like I did tonight everyday and all day.... I don't know if I should....
Work, you're interrupting me conquering solar systems,
YES! RT Clients ring the Success Bell when they find #employment Just heard from Guadalupe who earned a job at a rehab center!
Baking banana bread and reading Wired.
We were hacked. The problem should be corrected. We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused
Did one of just have a wardrobe malfunction ?
RT : Obama set to raise at least $3.1M in two NYC fundraisers today. // Or a fifth of a Clooney.
Shorty's BBQ has been a part of South Florida for 61 years! Anyone remember the fire in 1972?
It's back to the old one again. That is strange.
RT ...the most humbling & touching experience of my nursing school career...has been spoon-feeding an Alzheimers pt breakfast
Sometimes I just want to be left alone.. Worst sound is a knock at your door..
Dear fellow Tweeters, sorry for the lack of tweets lately. I went back to work doing custom upholstery full time. Will try to stay active...
Join us Sunday before 1pm for a delicious brunch and tasty Mimosas!
Came up with some good #contemporary #artistic ideas yesterday. Feeling good about the new possibilities. Now it's time to execute.
Dog beach in OB is one of my favorite places to spend a day off.
Almost forgot... Happy Patriots' Day!
Middle school
Its SO effin windy outside!!!
Express Lube wishes everyone a very blessed Thanksgiving.
Just fold it so the written part is on the inside :)
okay! Yeah I don't work until 4 so if I can make it you can make it :)
who smells? ?
YES!!! MT I'd like to think we'll move beyond SM as a mere reflection of our physical spaces.
Just know that I'm always going to be here for you
where will it be? Mine is already so ridic it couldn't get much worse lol
If you guys haven't bought the new album from the wanted you're missing out I've been jammin all day!
she is very pretty :)
Love the haters, hate the faggots
Do you want to be a power in the world? Then be yourself.
Idk why but sometimes i hate reading and other times i love it.
": hi guys"WOO
You guys should have brought some back for me.
I have blisters on my toes and trampoline burns everywhere <U+E40C>
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!(:
just heard that a little bit ago on the west coast feed
haha for what??
Thanks, I will!
lol hell yea happiest moment that I had all month c':
Free at last free at last thank god almighty I'm free at at last u niggas in trouble boosie boo
Old School is the bomb!
LOL “: Just heard a rumor that will announce Engage 9.0 with Mind Reading at Amplify 2013. #spop12”
still no excuse for the wait when all it took was a walk to the register and asking someone to get me three pieces.
Someone who will love me for me.
I know it's my birthday weekend when my mom starts disappearing and going on "errands" haha Yeahh boy :D I love surprises!
The next, the people fear; and the next, the people hate <U+FFFD>
LEAN LIKE A CHOLO RT": Elbows up, side to side"
Sorry lil guy you're on your own.
Who else did he sign with?
thanks a bunches! I used to be owned by a Corgi as well!!!
love it guys...I think your site is very informative and the service is encouraging!
My damn subwoofer broke the rear view mirror off my windshield. Again. Ima sue fosgate brol
That's exactly what you should do!!! Missing work for a show = Winning!!!
watching t.v
Thanks for the follow - Drink more coffee! ;-)
yeah, Anna didn't get the Mean Girls reference. What was the word again?
I think Rampage as well, he looks like he is on a mission for redemption!
- Right on. See you there! :)
How many games are left for your season?
DNA is that you?
He sounds just like mine. LOL ": Not sure about yours but mines lazy as a pet coon I dust him once a week!"
Had a conversation last night about feminist epistemology and Disney princesses.
^NB This will automatically delete all messages sent from this email address. If you look, you'll see more options there too.
Just heard a new song called "Wrecking Ball." I've never heard that one before I love it! I need it on my iPod now. :) <333
Rain today ?? ... Suuuurrrreeeeee
93% of people quit going to the gym or quit using their home equipment in the first 90 days because of time and results
I can't WAIT for Californication! Hope you're doing great, Phil.
we get wut we need not wut we want, congrats bro
#MJtrial Upon hearing the guilty verdict, Conrad Murray looks defeated but not surprised.
did you close our the bar/club. If you did its amazing you're awake at this hour! I'd still be passed out
Welcome we LOVE the view from the top of the hotel!
Hehehe..her ass has a walk all its own.. I see why guys like asses so much..lol
OMG AUSTY WILL BE 16 TOMORROW :o
Looks like we will break the record for the WETTEST MARCH in Oregon's history. I feel so good about that... LoL
Yes. Just make sure that they bring your confirmation. is looking for a ticket.
Ok, ok everyone.. let's all relax. The Bon Jovi death rumor was just a Twitter hoax. We now know that he's either... Dead or Alive
omg im like so excited that i cant stop jumping around like a monkey!! My Mom Thinks Im Going Crazy Haha!<3 (x
I just love all my friends. You guys are great. Thank God for good friends :)
Im a mess
Whoa whoa there's a new Step Up movie coming out this year?
fyi, site's down
Here's a quick poll for you... Do you prefer Coke or Pepsi products?
To the streets... TODAY, everywhere! MT :: Remember if you are tweeting from your events use our official hashtag #UAWOW! Game On!
The things you do when people aren't looking is what defines you
Wow! Kickin it old school!
“: #EverybodyHasThatFriend who cannot hold their liquor.”
Listening to always puts me in the best mood.
"The Jig is up." - Will Smith's tomb stone.
You see an awesome musical performance, I see $$$ and thoughts on HOW MUCH DOES THIS PRODUCTION COST?!
Spiderman....this is Commissioner Octopus & Green Goblin in the building...help needed....call from Spidey Phone...and stuff
I Really need a tweet/RT from you to win this contest, Come on now do not disappoint your #1 fan lol.
I can't do it without you. Please spread the word, share the link, donate, visit the link and encourage others to.
Happy Birthday to Patty Smith Hill, KY writer of the Birthday song. She would have wanted the CATS to win today!
Amusing when online sweepstakes ask me to share their promotion with my friends. Are they counting on me to not know how probability works?
The Lightning routed Phoenix 8-3 to end the Coyotes' eight-game winning streak
do what you feel in your heart to be right- for you'll be criticized anyway..-Eleanor Roosevelt
RT "A computer is the most remarkable tool that we've ever come up with. It's a bicycle for our minds" - Steve Jobs
Diet reminders: your body needs 700g of calcium a day. The average person does not get this.
Definitely agree with Mr. Irving of the Dallas cowboys on this one. #Gregg #Williams has gone too far, and should be done with the #NFL!
Some money COST TOO MUCH!!!
Trivia for the day To which event does the "Red Summer" refer? go to www.americanlegacymag.com to learn
great! We have no plans so will pencil that in as a possibility!
remember all.... we are only human....
Haven't had over 1000 in months!
didnt work for NAF during the filming of the story, & he doesnt work there anymore. Dude, watch the film, you might likeit
Live like heaven is on Earth
Movie Tip: Tom Hanks fans, if you are thinking of watching "Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close" don't. All you get is an annoying kid.
RT : While we're on the topic of banning stuff, can we ban Cocktail? Better late than never. That movie sucked.
Oh that's a shame!
Welcome to the first day of Spring semester at Looks like we're having some lighting/power issues at
it does doesn't it...but i got a gingerbread latte to change it up..
Man: Please whisper those 3 little words that would make my day! Woman: Go to hell
I ate all my snacks :( guess I'ma be taking a early lunch again today.
you need the holy spirit in order to know the things of God , and also to understand them.
Thank you for the update.
Stunning. You and the dress. Congrats on a very successful show.
I'm most definitely not going outside tho fk all that
Dear #SXSW ladies, please no tube skirts that barely cover your very desperate hooha. It's NOT attractive. I can't take any more.
Not anytime in the immediate future, but soon!
Am I the only one bothered by the phrase, "steep learning curve"?
kinda lol still learning
Enough of having fun on the Internet, back to taxes.
theres this stuff called goo be gone, idk how it reacts with skin but it works on everything else with that residue on it lol
I just received a letter of thanks from a former student. Sweet inspiration.
thanks for the follow!
Behind on tweets. Auditioning for Southwest Shakespeare tonight. Wish me luck!
#DF I look like giving you the pleasure of being the topic of my #tweet #bitchplease lmfao!
just becuz "Constant Contact" is bigger, doesn't mean it's better! use
I'm half asian n half american
Playing drums for Multi-Platinum Warner Bros Hiphop/Dance Pop artist Outasight. Hitting Bamboozle opening for Bon Jovi this Sun May 20th!
So amped to #Dj this weekend..don't get better than what I got lined up: catch me tonight at Johnnies & tomorrow
maybe it's just your opinions.....It keeps me entertained
Thank you for the mention in your paper. I am honored. ~Warmly~Patricia
u wee at nero?
Is going in tonight !
Anytime! Have a GREAT NIGHT
Now days its all about a dollar so stop trying to knok da next man hustle. sweep around tou own door b4 u sweep sum1 elses.
Collaboration program is getting me thinking.
yes def thanks!
Hahaha! And I bet you were still cold! :)
eww why is that ugly guy holding my man?!!!
Sounds like matchmaking, except it's many-to-many instead of one-to-one matching.
are you tearing up Yelp yet?
Nothing like a break to reinvigorate and motivate! Oussu!
We're keeping the party going! This week: 50's doo-wop. Next week: Groovy 60's/Beatles. Travel back in time w/ us. #Retroonthepatio!
thanks for sharing Andrea Joseph's delightful drawings!
RT : #ItSeemsLike you don't care.. So I'll just move on
Unfortunately, I missed your session this morning. Did you share a URL or something that I could take a look at?
see you later at the BING lot for Rocketspace party
he don't care dubb cuz he laughing to damn hard to b caring
Attending Interactive Day? Almost sounds redundant!
Working on something that could potentially be huge! Really stoked!
I haven't been on because of basketball and school but remember I love you <U+E418>
FOR SHO FAM I'MA CHECK U OUT ~
and then there is _your_ cat…
lol ha it's not good everyday though?
of course!!
Also follow
Happy Mother's Day. Thanks for the black eyes.
Treat your staff well and they will treat your clients well. Good leadership starts at the top and starts the tone for all your employees.
Yeah!!!!! Robert Andino is a red sox killer. And it's fitting that Boston may lose on Crawford dropping the ball in left.
AP Computer Science. FUN
Tiny Tower and Draw Something for me!
Stingyness has nothing to do with how much money you have. Neither does generosity. Its about how much heart you've got.
so is this Saturday? What time?
Baby your my liquor. I'm addicted to you. So... ill just be stuck on... #stuckonfuckinyou ;)
He is!! I said when he comes back to like visit.
My EX has a very annoying habbit. Breathing.
Can u follow me on
You deserve it, you were born to be the queen.
RIP Junior Seau
Much needed night in with Time to catch up on Mad Men!
Happy Friday friends! What are you doing to celebrate #StPatricksDay tomorrow? How about starting early with a #ShamrockShake?!
Gracias Krystle! Btw I have a show tonight at the Boom Boom Room with my group La Gente, You should come out if you can make it
Personal protection is a matter of choice. Research & education is the best thing you can do to for yourself to be prepared. You R worth it.
RT if you are stoked for Christmas this year!
a man who has a career, takes out the trash, changes your oil, loves God, and never creeps
Ugh another pub crawl..and Santa themed...this is going to get interesting...
thank you mamas! Love you!
unfortunately this may be the only thing the Yanks win this series.
You are more than welcome to work from the new location! :)
MT: : museums preserve and interpret for perspectives re: people's values and ideals - historical and contemporary
We are picking our pre-booking winner the 30th, last chance to book your next summer appointment to be entered to win the products basket!
hi can u follow me
How is Teaching?
did u ever find your way?
Technology sucks when it doesn't work. And why am *I* being punished by Face coz someone stole my laptop and used my account to friend peeps
what a great resource, thanks!
Rock a Billy.
ok famous ass nigga!!
All 14 journals are peer-reviewed + 1 clinical newsletter which is not. Hope that helps!
yes fortune and supreme lobster, I am working in another bag of Taylor bay for this weekend too, FYI
We make music for you. Introducing our new contest ** name our next track and get a s/o at the end of the track ! RT for submission.
My thoughts exactly! Very creative approach with this guy, makes him an easy hire in my book.
Embrace life. Open your mind, arms and heart to new things and new people.
omfg who remembers honesty blogs on MySpace?
do you know who their live streaming service is? They had to expect a lot of viewers- wondering why they weren't prepared.
Sarcasm ? RT : I can't TWEAK for shit “: I really can't picture Marilyn tweaking though <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>”
Yeah stilt training!!!!
RT : : Remember that workplace diversity isn't just about race. Understanding diversity of thought is also crucial...
I feel like a truck hit me... And then rolled over my body, back and forth, a few times.
Uncle Leo! Hello!!!!!
I had a little more faith in you, then you did in me, but you let me down...once again..
#followfriday #Syracuse #basketball GO CUSE whip up on #Vermont SHUT IT DOWN
The business in DC will continue as is, hatred of Obama is the real issue in this country!
K girls. We'll let u know:)
looking at the place man!! just imagine hoe many people out there are fucking!!
CONFIRMED: will be doing a meet & greet session before Day Side B and I have a pair of passes to give away before 6p!
so true
March 18. Ice out on Lake Calhoun. Unbelievable.
Holy crap. My back & neck are beyond sore. Hahaha. \m/
Had fun hanging with and at the Hot Chelle Rae concert tonight! :)
really that's good :)
must. have. asian. kitchen.
Jefferson Davis.
I wish I could've gone to the Literary Love Poem Contest tonight!
my mom finally went to the grocery store and stocked up on the munchies
That scary moment when the spider that was on the wall two seconds ago, isn’t there anymore.
Isn't George Soros a native speaker of Esperanto?
My left hand itches for ink.
Staring directly into the eyes of a strange #dog may be taken as a challenge and may actually encourage the #dog to bite you
i got ur vest by mistake :(
RT : Renaissance #Aruba is offering 25% off of all indoor #spa treatments through July 3 to their
lol they the best team in da league!
A recent report reveals that nearly 1/3 of the American work force is deprived of those precious few hours of sleep. Are you?
HAHAH! so sassy. shall check later.
B-Diamendz live on rogue army radio tomorrow with tune in!
I heart u more! So talented. Im dropping on 6/15 I hope u love it RT : I heart
1990: I like big buts and I can not lie! 2005: Booty, booty, booty, booty - rocking everywhere! 2011: Ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass!
Lose weight and feel good! Check out suzanne.snackhealthy.com to learn the secret!
my son wanted to hear the #smackoff so bad, he waited until today to be born! let's get it started!
We can help you do that. Where are you located.
Attention: Faculty, Students and Staff members Bramson ORT College will resume classes and activities December 28, 2010
sis you better let the world know about your bake beans m..you did your thing, and I cant forget about dawns greens great easter!
NEED tickets to M83 at the Black Cat on Friday! Please Universe...
Women can do everything men can do - only we can do it in stilettos!
Bring your night vision Handy-Cams, because it's Comedy?'s Ghost Hunter edition! 10:30 Saturday, November 12 $6 -A.M.
The music hustle, as we used to know it, is finito
lol u shoukda told him lastnight to do it
Ugh. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> Heat. And Wade dislocated a finger. Sigh
I don't know if your being serious or not but if you are I'm literally going to cry..
haha my swim coach said i needed a tanning bed
Happy birthday, Whitney Houston!
just looking out for my boys.
What's your favorite magic trick of all time?
#iJustLoveItWhen #ListOfTurnOns is trending and you tweet " boys that actually arent cheaters" and your phone only updates "cheaters" SMDH!
#Batman destroys surveillance tech in film, but I wonder... In comics this tech has remained via all seeing Oracle (Barbara Gordon).
He does math, comedy and even sports too! It's everyone!
I will stay joyful and confident this whole week
Greeting to all the new followers!!! I am excited to be a part of a wonderful group of twitters. Please pass the word: 7/30 event
Gone are amateurs putting up own $$ bc of love of sport. Huge costs of world-class training requires commercialization.
beautiful work, darling!
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?13
lol.. why do you have a BD at home..lol... and why wasn't I invited? lol
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is to go shopping <U+2764>
tweet tweet! What up L?!?!? :] No, YOU can have dem pants! haha
RT : #TEDMED Saxton "as a doc it's my job to help you edit your health story message"
Today is National Women's Check Up Day. If you haven't gotten your check up recently, today is the day to make that appointment!
It's looking good for the ! Nice steal !!!
Out for lax at least another week bc of the blood drive fiasco. #EpicFail on their part. They gave me cellulitis
Are there any suggestions for #spring #accessories out there? Don't be bashful. Share your #fashionsense with us!
harold and kumar, superbad, 16 candles, license to drive, blind date with bruce willis, hilarious!
You know the saying kill them with kindness? Well.. I got a gun named kindness, does that count?
LOL Yes. it was probably me! I'm at the Axis () booth in the expo area
Oh magical and bookish sounds intriguing. Good luck with the writing. Can't wait to read it!!
are there any mock ups for the proposed Rupp renovations? I'd love to see. what are your thoughts on the idea?
Today's awesome- people who digitized the Adams papers! Huh I just Had homework on that.
had a really good talk with my youth pastor today . made me think .
Bucks up by 2 with under a minute, give an open three to JR.
following back now
Out in Monroeville 2night? Stop by for an evening with the folks from Multiple drafts, specials, & schwag
Really bummed I missed in Pioneer Square today :(
#cara student Jeffery J. secured a position as a full-time sales associate ! 46 of 310!!!
Good morning, Illinois! Today the #librarianscode adds Champagne to our campaign. Starting in 5 minutes!
can you make three girls dreams come true, and follow this?! mention us? it's our dream for you to come back to Washignton
and were running it today. 7 straight wins! THE BOYS ARE BACK! Mix out Soon!
Glad to hear you liked the talk! Thanks for stopping by :)
Contact Papa's Pantry and lean how you can pitch in and help their excellent work.
I am very sorry. I felt bad. I can no longer commit to events when out and about...
For sure! The funny thing is, my Twitter alert on my phone is the "power up" sound from Super Mario. #Irony!
yeah Business major.
Nice will add you the Zambian Bloggers Network and i hope you can make it to a meeting on 27th April venue to be announced
Good article and something I've been wondering about.
happy birthday day the next world champ
I just meet you and this is crazy but here's my number so call me maybe!! Guess what I got??
If you have felt or heard the booms today/tonight, let us know here...use the #bamabooms hashtag to help streamline things...
Beautiful day for a Rams game!
Sorry man, truth is a defense. It's too big a deal to let that lie.
Good golly. Going to game 7
(Followers let's say 2getha)Now I lay here down 2 sleep,I pray 2 God my soul 2 kp,if I shuld die b4 I wake,I pray 2 God my soul 2 take..Amen
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn how to surf. ~Jon Kabat-Zinn (Surf's up and I am ready to ride!)
My Week With Marylin
Man fuck school. I'm watching THOR
RT : shows us how to party 2night and hosts the ONLY after party inside
How would you find someone to sponsor a Pastor and family from Russia to USA?
THIS TRACK IM RECORDING IS A HIT!!!! THA HOMIE PRODUCED THIS ONE... coming to a station near youj real soon
how long was Na's round today?
what address what you recommend mailing lists come from instead? why?
They are making moves for once
LOL Actually Democrat, just not a mindless one. You're a good fit for WBC.IF Obama is your savior they could brainwash you too.
Chuggington is a real ripoff of Thomas & Friends but my 3 y/o doesn't seem to care!
#Bookkeeping Tip: #Payroll #deductions to buy company merchandise can be made only on an aftertax basis.
Anyone plan on being in Soho this weekend? You should stop by the store!
I'm being honest, I see how optimistic you try to be, and that's rare, most girls always Want people to feel sorry for them, but
Morning teepeople, it's freakin cold in Chicago
well they already made the announcement that they are adding the books to their lending library so unfortunately it's not
Anyone have any HOT #stock picks? Mama needs more money, LOL!
Thats true however in with the mind of kids anything can be easily influence
yes in SF. Great crowd, older than CVC. This is mainline alumni dept ;) I'll let you know who the organizers are via email
Oh.... That's right. Now I remember. Whew.
Treasures Banquet Hall tomorrow for my niggas & Bday bash goin b crazy
You like slick HTML5 front end, with kick ass UI/UX? Me too,
it was bomb:) how was yours??
haha yeah right!!
- you need to challenge Newt on his continued "channeling" of Reagan. It's getting old.
Need to be done in writing and countersigned if employer wants a record.
Stopping a trojan on OsX - great job Kaspersky. Crashing Outlook in the process and requiring a 'main identiity' rebuild (3 hours+)
Just realized we are on extended hours @ some which means I can actually see a few exhibits without taking off early from work!
that's awesomely milky lol
Must find new job by Friday or on a plane to KC ... hard core job searching this week!
Bad Yella chick and her pussy taste like water
Opinion: Temptation, not Secret Service agents, to blame in scandal
Here comes the rain again....jus n time cuz im bout to b in bed
Favorite things had to be and the block parties. What a perfect night it was!
Niall. Baby. Love you. But seriously. Take off the shirt. You're a sex god so stop doubting yourself.
nothing much, what about you? :)
Tweet me the link to our band's facebook, I'll put it in my bio
Working with Avatar Reality marketing on IDIA Lab's year long Blue Mars build launch - should premiere in the next few weeks more to come -
morning sunshine
"this is like food porn" snoffy looking at the Dennys menu
it was okay. They gave me some antibotics (if Thats how u spell it).
Are you ladies going to the coworking thing tomorrow?
To all my teacher friends: Honest answer. How often do you question your ability or desire to keep doing this?
I'm maybe starting to get excited for you.... :)
I love ruining surprises.
hey it's Erin using Ronnie's but really? How did he manage that? I thought he was the computer geek-nerd-person lol
"Where dey do dat at?" = What type of establishment allows behavior of that sort?"
happy birthday Justin :)
All You Need Is Love and we do <3 the special: matched pair of 2012 wines in a beautiful All You Need Is Love box $195
- Thanks for the recommendation! Also check out
I don't get your logic. You have defended the RPI yet you also think SOS is overvalued. RPI is primarily based on SOS. Thoughts?
there have been, like, 79 Marilyn Monroe movies, do we have to destroy Grace Kelly, too?
although I do like the meaning behind the name. Very relatable.
lol did they see you?
So do we take drinks to classes today in protest or is that too much?
Ha! yes-I seem to spend a LOT OF TIME making art or sleeping-Hahaha!
Welcome to getting older. Haha. MT: ": I used to be able to drink at least 6 shots of espresso a day...WHAT GIVES."
Alright, I still giggle when people pronounce FRBR as an acronym.
Goodmorning everyone ;) hope everyone's having a great day so far :) <3
You think you that hot!!!
Yes, frustrating! I wish people would play fair.
will you be in the burgh anytime before you bail?
Because when you learn, you'll know what makes the world turn<3
What's going on with Chelsea right now??
You make me feel good.
Thanks for the follow looking forward to communicating with you!
I wish I had a boyfriend from another school so I could at least go to their prom.... "/
you too man, welcome aboard!
I'm going to Disneyland on senior skip day!
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
With at talking about documentary 24 Hours at the South Street Diner.
oh yes, I love that stuff!
haha where do you live ?everytime i have to go to sleep your waking up !
Olivia's deep emotional losses as a child had eventually led her to Dartmouth and her studies on the origins of Democracy~AMERICAN AMARANTH
I know my English iffy
Do you happen to have any extras?
Thank U ~
not till next year hoe :)
I might look silly in your bathing suit...but DEAL!
& i was wondering if Usaid #tryagain 'cause #repetition works for Goebbels & Limbaugh lies, it oughta work for koch bros info?
volunteer coordinator Stephanie Pettit attests Jumpstart works. 1 session @ a time. Thank you Jumpstart experience will take you far.
Finally, an Occupy protest I can support. RT: Occupying Stone brewery. In support of 7.2 percent Oaked arrogant bastard.
Thoughts on Microsoft buying Skype?
In Clarksville Tennessee :) about to sleep I love this state its one my favorites :)
I wish I was there to listen/watch this. excellent idea.
Hey ! Saw ya on 's #LastCall! Just bought your #motopony album via itunes. Great #music! When u touring? To Chi town?
Mea culpa--that's space shuttle Enterprise heading to NYC, not Discovery.
finally caved in and joined twitter...something tells me I am going to be a twitter junkie
me too! My other fav program is mobilenoter which syncs with MS One Note. Between these 2 apps I am in IPad Heaven.
Wish my sister a happy birthday!! Love you aly!!
RSVP: Steamroller [Steven Siegal's co]
Monday Nights are always dangerous.......heading to for Happy Hour. Go
It's almost Easter! What are everyone's plans so far?
getting my morning coffee, and off to the wonderful world of MEdi-cAL.. please no irritating providers today!!
High Schoolers Finding New Ways To Save -- With Scissors And Duct Tape - International Business Times
it looks like it will be an exciting movie!
Data Centers in #NorthCarolina Should fuel up Backup Generators with days of fuel for extended power outages
aida on met opera radio today sounded like it was recorded in a pest house. kept listening for the next hacked-up lung.
the GOP controls the purse (The House) idiot furthermore the GOP controls the majority thru the filibuster rule idiot again
#Walgreens pharmacy on MLK. Thank you for making the reordering of my birth control the most awkward thing ever...!!
Applications for #cambodia #springbreak are coming in! Are you going to be there with us or what?! www.loopabroad.com
Great day to be alive..
psycho checking my email... for an test email... uugghh, mailchimp - i can't wait till i can put you to bed.
ayyyyy buffalo love
Watching the live broadcast of Junior Seau's funeral at the Channel 10News Station. It is a sad moment for San Diegans and fans of Seau.
See our exciting online billpay solution, payer payment solution, or our claims and remit solutions at #HIMSS in Feb! I'd love to see you
Waiting for to tweet that Facebook has acquired
go see Drive. Do it.
Sometimes I-I feel good.
Great panel discussion at CA Women Lead lunch w/ and Dede Alpert. Interesting insight into women's political perspective.
Love this song. So much. "And the poets are just kids who didn't make it."
Kinda funny to see these profiles in courage from DFL'ers who admit (gasp) they disagree w/Gov Dayton on...wait...fireworks bill!
Wow, that would've blew my mind at that age. I need to get me one of those bumper stickers
s/o 2 the new follower
ASDFGHJKL. Justin Bieber and Cody Simpson are recording together! HECK YES.
Sometimes on accident I do it all the time.
Life has no speed limits, what slows you down are your self imposed speed bumps.
omg your shirts are badass!!! I'm all jelly ._.
of course!
It's a great day to feel and express gratitude for the people, things and experiences we've had in our lives.
got u ma
The drug war has proven financially & spiritually costly. Has it been worth it? Should it end?
Kobe just smacked from the 12th row though lol
Writing my book almost finished
Guess I'll js sleep it off ..
Hey , you didn't hire me to be your intern, but no hard feelings. I still <3 you tons.
Should I change who I am for one boy that I think I love?
Screw it ... I'll join you.
“: Won't help, i am catching up quick!” Im sure I have you beat ;)
Me too. I think I'll take a short nap.
To find ourselves we must first lose ourselves
Munger turning in too. Still on street in LA: health insurance rate regulation, and local measure on adult entertainment.
it was crazy you got to watch it
Holy crap! I'll alert the media. Stay put! ;o)
totally love her dress & yours!!!
- thanks for the #FF. Happy Easter.
No Matter Who You Love ... It Is So Simple .. A Feeling But Its Everything
picked us to win the World Series. We are so fucked.
Yea,I don't know much about trolls. But I'm waiting for them to take over Zombies as the cool evil. I'm kind of over the undead.
not sure about having Oprah tweets on ur page, she has gone away from Jesus?
which words, the ones to collect?
What does a middle-aged matron wear to a music festival? (For the sake of her teenage son, "as much as possible" is probably the answer.)
I'm addicted to keureg coffee
my summer officially begins tomorrow around 2:00, and i can't wait!
Amen. Also: universal USB connection. Every PC a charger. Now, please. MT : Phones should come with 3 chargers: home, work & car.
Sending love to all the #Mothers, Mommys-to-be, and those who has given a child a loving Mother's Touch. #HappyMothersDay!
american football -- when 2 minutes takes 8 minutes
My life is blowing to pieces. That's cool.
I have the worst feeling ever.
Interface programme on low-cost irrigation system
I will never get tired of watching the parent trap. Love it. Love Dennis Quaid.
If you want to sponsor next year's 3rd annual , give us a shout. Sponsor application available soon! gettinsauced.com
Feel safe tonight ... Sleep with a cop.
checked it out on a friend's phone. Yelp is totally different on android. You don't eagerly anticipate every update like me? ;)
#3wordsforyou any free food?
it's a cross between a frat guy and a football player
that's our mom!
Yes, I say that often. Can make for many awkward situations.
San Diego County Democatric Party (SDCDP) has endorsed Bob Filner for Mayor!
Swisher sweet $0.79, Lighter $1.29, Bag of goodies $10, but the ability to have yo bitch pearl it up,
thanks =) and thanks for liking my music =)
not yet the comin thou I think my first one gone be Mississippi state and Cincinnati but I'm tryin to get that Georgia one
Yes - what is your phone no.?
I'm sayin...that was good shit
findout who did it and we will take care of itt ha
According to 28% of people in #DC over age 25 have PhDs, more than any other state. Apparently I need more education!
It's beautiful out<U+2600>
.... Wouldn't the surrogate's genes come into play also?
Sounds wonderful! I miss Seattle (even the rain) and esp. the coffee. This is my first Boston winter & the umpteenth blizzard.
thank you :) she is aware of the issue and will try to figure out the solution. She said -social stream- is the place to go
New twitter... follow me
Let's go swish!
Hi i would like to know more about your marketing
LMFAO I'm a wigger? Says the wack ass wannabe white rapper DAT TYPEZ LIK DIZ? You are truly more ignorant than I thought
Dear Goyim...happy easter! Dear chosen ones...Hag Sameach!
Happily attended the New York Peace Institute Launch Party last night.
Music is like magic there’s a certain feeling you get when you're real And you spit and people are feeling your shit. - Eminem
Godspeed, woman. dance memories from 8th grade still haunt my dreams.
it will make it on the next album ;)
It's crazy how I can see a story tweeted years later and know exactly when/where I wrote it.
Ouch. RT “: #wasnow RT : NEW: 90,000 customers now without power says PSE. Power could be out until SATURDAY!”
If you're looking for a cool replacement for check out - works with FourSquare but does so much more
Spare play title: “42 Ways to Die in Minecraft”
oh and on a final note. If you do hear anyone interested, please pass my info along. I have plenty of examples to show. Thanks
Commercial locks
I hope he can pull it off, but we will see.
lol I heard all about it.
Don't waste your heart on a wild thing<3
Back to Dallas until Aug. 1. Going to miss Boulder!
90% of the capability for cyber offense/defense exists in the military/intel community. 90% of vulnerable targets are in the private sector.
I think #BlackCatBar is ready for you. Are you ready for #BlackCatBar?
why are you being so mean ? You're weird in agooooooooodd way! LIKE ME!!!! I admit it, I'M CRAZY, BUT GOOD CRAZY LIKE YOU !
Oh no! Hope you feel better soon.
Made it to VA safe, thank God that flight was crazy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Always in awe when people say that USA government should take care of its own citizens before others. Aren't we already well taken care of?
your Mexican? Or like Puerto rican peruian ppl
Join us for First Friday for art, wine, music. Discovering the Undiscovered!
Using and Ipap as my kindle awesome
My rents don't want me to go to school in CA. I don't want a dog.Sometimes, you just have to deal with the choices the people you love make.
Double groan RT : *groan* RT : Gregor Mendel -- Giving peas a chance since 1856
From 503-million-year-old fungi to recent earthquakes: New Geology posted ahead of print
wonder if u trade some of it for offensive help if u can keep close in race by July
Do you guys wanna play a Street Festival in Milwaukee for Halloween?
You know you've spent too much time editing #Exim #valiases when you quit putting spaces after commas in your normal correspondence.
i got a new fish. i need a name for him.
Hotter than the heat in July
<<< Do you have a coach?
I'm just like Toyota "aways moving forward"
Not feeling work tomorrow -____- #whyat9inthemorning this sucks
. Love the new book, Matthew.
Back on the radio. We just passed the audio amplifier progress test. Booyah! Next up, Phase 2 - DC voltage control. DC betta bring it!
And now the air shut off.....Am i on scare tactics?
Just got home from work, got the next 2 days off! Time to get stupid!! Hit me up if u wanna join!!
I have some nutter butter packages waiting for you!!!
Trying to be good on Sine Die.
Yes. If U Want As High As A 30% Chance To Get Shot
actually, his lament was not the loss of the shuttle, but the failure to move forward with successor.
Now reviewing children's poetry. Forgot how much fun it can be! Thank you Shel Silverstein and Calef Brown!
Feeling sick as a drunk Monkey... Flu like symptoms on Father's day is not what I had in mind... UGH
i can't sleep :l
True beliebers, follow me and
My baby is turning 20 tomorrow!!!!
Listening to a fascinating discussion on Marc Steiner Show with my friend and civil rights prof Sherrilyn Ifill about the late Derrick Bell.
Day 4 at the Brew City Summerfest booth. It's over 80 degrees, so our 20% off all t-shirt sale is in effect!
how is the van working out?
I'm in class right now tweeting you
Come on
mine too!
Sure thing! The Library LITES are hilarious. I think they can be excellent inspiration to some Bruin filmmakers.
#HnHchat is shorter. ;-)
*~I Need To Know and Unforgivable Blackness my fave songz omg n 4letterword UA best album i gtz it be blastinz!!<3~*
The more you stress it, the more it will hurt. Keep that in mind.
#Ifyouknowme you know I only straighten my hair in every great while.
The heat gets me in a bad mood! -__________-
yea we were :'(
God damnit 's new EP is so perfect. <3 I can't wait for the full album and tour this summer!! <3
RT I will be on the Joy Behar Show tonight at 9 p.m.
Everything I know about Twitter I learned from That is all.
those who want to blame the outside influences are trying to shuck their own responsibilty and actually raise their children.
Thank you for the follow, loving your music! Keep rocking, cheers!
bet you'll lose there too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Roses are red, violets are pink, did you just wink.. At me? c; looool.
amen. No way I can go without sweets! That IS my diet lol
wait , i got it
"And I was like, 'Why are you so obsessed with me?'"
CNN reporting Steinbrenner has ha a heart attack
Seriously, how long until Tito rents a plane and buzzes Fenway with his ass hanging out the window during a critical series vs. the Yanks.
haha seriously though, I'm still kinda annoyed about that. Ps I couldn't switch my leadership class- your class is full now :(
If u r going to the Mayday March on Sat, look 4 us at Broadway and Olympic!
A hug is a great gift - one size fits all, and it<U+FFFD>s easy to exchange
Did you travel to see the performance? What fun :)
At least 50 tech jobs posted overnight for South Florida ! A great time to enter engineering & IT workforce !
me too<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Someone like you <U+2665>'
what about me?
sleep well my friend! See you in a couple of weeks!
Call 294-2200 for a VIP party, includes $1 Bud Light-Yueng drafts & wells, $2 calls, $3 Guinness, craft drafts & layered pints 1/2 off apps!
BYE BYE ALL!
Thanks for following Your iDeals ABQ!
everyone follow !
Richmond came to play, nice shot...but answered by Vandy
B Days > A Days
Paying my FIU deposit. Almost officially a panther... so stupid that they don't let you pay with VISA credit card doe
woo facebook status integration into tweetdeck...now i can make it look like i'm on facebook when i'm not really!
commercial on now. Was just showing it off in the distance and you saying that whole thing is it. :)
Great! RT: i was just in a play Medea by Euripides. i played Medea. wonderful experience. i was nominated for the irene ryan award
go ahead, it's still the truth
love you love you love you. Let's follow4follow? yes? try the link on my profile if you need free promotion.
Perfect analogy. I'm saying that if we put all resources into stopping 1 assault when there were 100 murders it would be BS.
...Even I'm a little grossed out by my last tweet.
If you are at the hand build bicycle show in Austin right now - swing by the Bronto booth. Slap David and Todd a five from Kung Fu.
#askselena do you think you can #followme? :D Please! I lovee you!! You are so pretty *-*
Or maybe you DID put "drill" in Outlook but assumed that meant the dentist rather than hiding under your desk.
You are welcome thanks for the retweet!
Thanks for the support!!
just watched your show!!! hilarious :) See you on the panel this Sat
Tough swim class today.....too many IM's!
Made it to Vernal, Utah! What a week. Today alone I freed a sheep caught in a fence, saw antelope, prairie dogs and a fox!
This one is a Florida State football fan.
Will the real Quinn please stand up???
appreciate it bruh!
super saucy.
lol just educating kids daily
Ending the weekend with X-Files on Netflix.
Watching the queens of comedy.
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery
Enjoyed reading the list of #JellyBelly flavors that have been taken off the market. Yeah, baked bean probably didn't go over too well.
"Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'm quite sure :)
you're welcome Julie! Hope you're enjoying this beautiful day. :)
Wear all BLACK 4.30.2012 to commemorate the Fall of Saigon
What happened? BTR stole ATL's song?
Volchie better be okay
Hello Thanks for the drop! #nowplaying on KDWB
About to watch a skit where acquisitions librarians dance around pretending to be Amish farmers in the cloud. Yup.
- People Under the Stairs is on twitter. Thes and Double mostly stay off fb/twitter though, so follow
4. She hires and trains the shelvers. But several of our shelvers are still shaky on the alphabet after training.
Can't fall asleep jus yet
and that would be?
#middleschoolmemories dont have many memories. Things wasn't too bad.
#np the birthday boy and : Same Dream. happy birthday man. hope your mom's doin well
Where are you headed?
try violet and green together. Dark varieties, preferably.
Think ima go to sleep
Richards on retiring #ROC labor leader Bob Brown: "He used to chase me all over RG&E, threatening me w everything. I liked him (even) then."
Has anyone used olioboard before? I'm finding it very slow to load.
Speak softly and carry a big stick. On second thought if I’m keeping my voice down & carrying a weapon it should probably be a can of mace.
u know I was just sassing off and I love ya :)
Damn twitter.
Tomorrow, we'll have a chance for you to win tickets to the sold out Sleeping With Sirens show next week. Pretty cool - right?
yeah! Let me know if one of you all is playing or something!
It will.
hey buddy are you going to be at foxwoods tomorrow and saturday? Im coming tomorrow and want to buy a copy of your book
My kids ROCK, I had to run errands and not only did they get their homeschool assignments done but made lunch as well! Love it!
Council votes to come back with names for possible appointment to fill Hanson-Cox's shoes in two weeks
The weekend, is coming fast. I hope this weekend, is great.
Oh and we lost
Hope tiny airport isnt busy. See no reason it would be... Come on taxi where are you.
You eat Cajun food? Since when??? RT : On a date with my lovely roommate :) Margaritas and Cajun food!
I do. I also use Adobe Premiere Pro. Are you doing anything tomorrow after 6?
Osama is dead no way omg whatching celeb aprentice then says it will be interuppted by obamas speech and guess what my bro guessed it lol
Sadly, Current TV to most people means the latest episode of The Bachelor and American Idol.
what are u guys doing today?:)
Ty lawson is killing! Stop that nigga!!
thanks for the follow!
tonight! Come out!
Giving should cause change... If everyone gave a little more, there would be more than enough to change the world!
my boss has been so nice to me lately :)
- thx for the mention Katie!
i have a 2 minute monologue to write & perform by friday. a world history project & a research paper, an algebra test. & dance! lovely.
I miss this account. :)
I got this ghetto ice-cream trailer outside my house right now..
Find your passion, be great at it and give it to someone or some thing. Be both one who is and one who does.
Thanks for the RT!
make sure to join us on facebook as well.
I have a sudden craving for Pasta....
I now get Discovery Fit and Health. Holy crap i can't tear my eyes away.
Kid I babysit: "Why not?" Me: "Because you're a child." Kid: "So? You're a child, too. Just not a kid."
Great screening of "A Better Life"! Thanks, Nice words from Chris Newman of and Ruben Tapia of KPFK.
Cannot wait to get confirmed!! #upgradinmyfaith!!!
I know, he's so gorge
SO thrilled to have a 4 day long weekend... Off to LA later today to visit with friendS
Awww. I'm totally doing a lonely hand trumpet "Baker Street" over my margarita right now. Dootdootdoodoodoodoodleoooooo...
But of course ;)
thanks for the RT! You rock! How are your sessions?
its sucks here I wanna go to LA B)
I need some followers ma
#obama fails 99% in ways that would be easy not to fail at. Letting Bush taxcuts expire or pardoning Manning are easy to do
Final in the morning and I'm wide awake. Ugh.
2 hours until we're officially launched
Can you imagine what the New Orleans Saints would be like with the 49ers defense?
tanning then out to dinner with my sister <3
y u feel that way
your nose is fat like squidwards
Got my Jersey dress on, Jordan heels match my press on.
I would like both...duh.
We shall see but a little way if we require to understand what we see.
We are closing half an hour early, at 5:30pm today, for a private party tonight. So come and get it now! Happy Sunday Every Body!
Screw Yall and I do Have home training!!!
*lifting a brow* No. I don't do waiting.
Eli had the best QB rating in the 4th but and Brady didn't have to throw the ball in the fourth most the year
#cnndialogues :Egyptian brotherhood will b judged on 2 things:Smooth transfer of power from military to parliament and strengthening economy
same here just at work where ya from
Way to nice for work
Everything is going perfect! And I'm happy:) I don't want this feeling to go away!!
Ms. Etta James #RIP not only has your music been memorable but represents the epitome of real, good music!.
hey michigan you feel that? shit just got real :)
foodsmart has it.Bravo's Bethenny Frankel makes her margaritas "skinny" by skipping the sugary mix and using nature's own fresh lime juice.
Fab Design Tip: Switch-out your pillow covers for the pastel version of the colors that you are currently using.
Damages on the plane tonight! And I love the Good Wife :) Next stop - Breaking Bad
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself" ~
Amy Winehouse dead? :(
I give ya my heart, take me in your arms and hold me Jesus #PandoraWorship #Fred&Kirk
I've felt so distant from you lately. We should talk more. (:
The links didn't work on our last tweet. Whoops
My favorite line from my absolute favorite Smiths song
Riely is so pissed right now because she can't find my hair tie lol
I less put off by minor grammatical errors in a well-organized post than by a post that rambles or doesn't hang together.
I'm so exhausted from watching that game
The weekend is here, & it is time to head to , doors open at 9pm till 3am, #NewFormat, Great #music, #DrinkSpecials, stop by
Finishing touches for Been There Done That is almost done, should be complete by tomorrow. Hopefully off to the printers the following week.
... but by that same reasoning should all liberals (myself included) leave predominantly conservative states? That seems problematic.
Crap! I'm missing the
The evolving proxy war in South Asia & the Middle East is too often painted in broad strokes. Good to see you discuss finer points
#whathurtsthemost by rascall flats is one of my fav songs of all time <3
also find a lot that multiple clicks are needed to get to a real info source, like the recipe to go w/ that food pic. nuh uh.
hahah thats amazing!!! when am i coming to Nashville to visit???
what's up? When did you make a twitter?
Ha. Well thanks. I think.
I will start grilling meats on Mondays since no one is interested in playing poker anymore.
Of course. That's why they hired a temp in the first place. That and they don't have quite enough work to justify another emp.
Your best guess. % of Cobb playing Sunday?
That sounds nice and relaxing. I hope u both had fun and a great time
Your opinion isn't needed in everything..
its section 115 row 23 I got 2 tickets $150 or best offer each
Oh I guess were sleeping over?(;
Welcome to all of our new followers! Feel free to say hello...We won't bite! lol =)
what movie?!
I take that back.. I'm not in my car so I don't have it with me.
yeah, same here :)
money, you hate it.
Giuseppe Mazzini~ The family is the country of the heart.
There's a women on singing bee from Kentucky & she has her teeth & doesn't look skanky. Lol
will my brother not leave you alone?
Rollover accident reported on Mill Plain & C Street in Vancouver. AIR 12 is on the way.
Ur at a nice picnic on a sunny day.Birds chirping. Slight breeze. A lady bug lands on your knee. & I'm there w/ #terets. WUTANGISONYOBRAIN!
Finally done!
We're going to record a new cover song while we track new material. Maybe Bjork? Cake? any suggestions?
Some of you Twitter preachers are something I don't care for.
#dtl2011 you should see a Profile button on your iPad
bad date last night lol
I think I hear on the Chicago Skyway!
School of the Arts Dance Department continues to prove that it's a joke more and more everyday. Graduation, come faster please?
red star rocks for that!
I hate how the CBS announcers talk. They talk so condescendingly.
A total stranger praised my pursuit of music and the arts and wished me well in all I do. I love little positive things like that.
Congrats to the Nuggets still don't think they'll win the series. Got monster games from McGee and Miller and Lakers got nothing from...
nope. we just don't get it. never will.
there people that arrive to my life and dont inspired me but you just appear on the tv and you are part of my life
do you go to school?
RT : Retweet my LAST tweet if you want me to follow you!! Hurry!!
top of the morning, ray!
No. I don't have the flu. The flu has me and boy, am I making it suffer.
We're shooting the Cougar Hunt video next month - can you come to Seattle ;)
You knew that. I'm a very hateful person.
Rose & Turner go way back. #BadBlood RT: : it's the playoffs. He should be fired up. Proud of him for that.
Don't worry never say never you'll meet Austin someday!!
Dishonest, and you can always trust a dishonest man to be dishonest. Honestly, it's the honest ones you have to watch out for. -Johnny Depp
Good catching up with my boy today, we need to kick it this summer my man
Everyone has faith the sun will rise and set each day, why then it is so hard to have faith in the God who created these things to happen?
que viva latinos!!!!!
I tired of feeln sick and tired
Loria is a famous collector of modern art; probably why new Marlins' logo/motif looks like it does.
I'm not on a show. Movies right now. No One Lives w Luke Evans.The Chaperone w Ariel Winters are my latest films
Sad for the San Diego Chargers, but happy for Jets QB Mark Sanchez...a family friend!
I love Whitney Houston! So sad she is gone!
you are super creepy. Get to work
now you've got me thinking.... Should *we* be on Pinterest?! ;)
Q 10. Something amazing that happened as a result of tweeting
Great webinar today! Thanks for all the social media tips!
PolO <--- this is wat was in my tweet box wen I took my phone from my niece O_o
outcry against Riley was mostly abt legitimizing ignorant/racist position...not how it's being taken up. ?
#LuckiCharmz happy New Year ! :) hope this year brings many adventures, friends, love & great memories! What do you want 2012 to be for you?
I will say, the Spartan fans at the are MUCH louder than UConn's. Sorry
« Sometimes I feel like Im waiting for something that isn't going to happen...»
This nap was a fail, falling into a deep coma
Car broke down?
Barack Obama is an excellent speaker.
Im tired I only got 4 hours of sleep lastnight
its crazy...and now iTunes doesn't have the season finale of #H50...which I can usually download now....not a happy peep!
It's a marathon-not a sprint!
most disappointing season I've ever witnessed.
And everywhere!
Probably, damn people are talking in circles tonight, explain that one Megan?
cute musicologist? yes, please.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<U+270C>
no it was just a joke...lol
Politically speaking, that is.
Bought some Bud Light Platinum we'll see what all the hype is about.
#FF New education reporter , and
im asking my dad to buy me some shirts. please say yes
can't wait!!! Gates open at 5p with music kicking off shortly after! See you there, lady!
I thought I was the only onee lol
went to sleep smiling, woke up smiling.
Mine was jigger.. lol i know silly right? I was always moving, dancing, singing. wouldn't stop i guess.
Brauny clearly is sucking it up for the team. HR No. 9!
I need new people to talk to . I need NEW friends. Im getting sick of the ones i have .
Ahahaha im kidding
Dynamic Box & others! This Sunday at The ELBO ROOM in CHICAGO! BANDS start at 6pm - Goes til 11pm - CHECK IT OUT!
The sky is starting to brighten. I bet it will be a lovely May day.
well it happen bro I heard u leftb
Free social network promo on my profile. Works great for follows. Would you like to follow 4 follow? :)
Check our web site under weird news to find out which College is recruiting sex slaves. --Baldinger
Bob ruins all of our quality time xD
#pw2012 many people are credit worthy but not credit educated
YOU can help to ensure a safer SF! Contact Linnette at 415.609.4222 or to get involved
Lol I know how you feel.
unfortunately our lead guitarist quit the band a couple weeks ago :((( Since he was such a big part of the band, we've got
I hope you all are going to but #TurnToYou when releases it tomorrow. I know I'm buying it!!!
What did the egg say to the boiling water?... You're gonna have to give me a minute to get hard, I just got laid by some chick..
well dang it's gonna have to work! My life is there
cooln fam was been good wit you ?
i thought so!
The Ride will begin with fireworks under the lights of the Las Vegas Strip and proceed past the Las Vegas FOE Aerie to I-15 / I-95.
same with chick-fil-a
That seems like a conservative estimate. “: The average person will spend three years on the toilet during their lifetime”
“You live longer once you realize that any time spent being unhappy is wasted.” Ruth E. Renkl
Thanks for following! Looking forward to your tweets. :)
does it say anywhere that we assemble apparel? And you are who by the way
lol! Nice one mum ;-)
THIS SUNDAY! LETS CELEBRATE LIFE "PRESIDENTIAL BOWTIES & DRESSES AFFAIR" FEAT FOR TIX CALL 202-560-6264
It's Earth Day! Stop into Roche Bros. or Sudbury Farms to get a reusable grocery bag. Every time you use it - 5¢ is donated to Children's!
but Brown takes on a piece of Morgan, not necessarily the whole thesis
Hey you should include the forum on your iPhone app. Can't get enough!
Absolutely! RT - this group doesn't do pink denial; we never have and we never will. Just tell the truth.
Ariana!!!! good luck tomorrow baby!(: Put Your Hearts Up<3
Mad thanks to for involving us in the Holiday Craft Fair this weekend. It was so much fun to help so many people make zines!
Can't wait until I get my awards for football... This banquet going to crack
Saw the NEW EPISODE OF SHAKE IT UP Protest It Up SO GOOD & It Has Show Ya How song by &
hahaha! Why are they basically the same person???? It's kinda scary <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
If people only knew how hard I work to gain my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful at all.
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number so call me maybe ;)
Planning a 10 day trip to cinci in June!!!!! Yay accruing more vacation days!
shes just a 14 year old girl..... what if people said that 2 u??? i hope does wins the TCA i vote 4 her everyday
very nice set tonight! Tell the guitarist in the back he did an amazing solo on Head Home. What's his name?
im whidd god until the end
They scored the 2nd most runs in BB but they also had an outfielder pitching the other night. smh
I. AM. SO. BORED
Yes Quyana for the RT! Thank you so much! I'm going to be in the State Fair Parade! :) I hope to see you all there!
Good to Know Fact: Massage during pregnancy relieves many of the aches and pains often accompanying the changing mother's body.
Sweet! Thanks, brother!
Bonhoeffer graduate Jonathan Irwin just received the William Wilberforce Award for "vigorously engaging the public square."
lmao! they are just a bunch of dumb fucks!!
Great to meet you here on Twitter.
Golf time
erica he has a BAD BACK
FVCK LENT doe
YES! RT : Booked a commerical, had a film #audition, Shakespeare #audition, plus a fantastic meet and greet !
Where are you betch?
good morning stranger next time u see me speak big head lol
ill have to remember that.. i love them
Merry Christmas from !
Go Daddy boycott slows, domain transfers in almost doubles those going out
I get it. Stevie reworked happy birthday in support of King holiday & now we witness rebirth of King in a huge way.
my car smells like assholes. i believe this to be my fault.
whered the hell is that?
This is my specialty.
I know I'm the bomb diggity now I'm ready to do your hair for graduation all I can say is its going to be
Shannon:"I'm just a fat walking potato." Lmfaaaooo!!!
Time to give my nosy ass neighbors something more to talk about ima start taking my dog out in my boxers. Hopefully one of them is reading!
Leading lady Jane Wyman is the only woman to have been an ex-wife of a US president: she was married to Ronald Reagan from 1940 to 1948.
5-0 #Royals in the 2nd but if any team can crap more runs than a lactose intolerant man at the Belfonte ice cream factory, it's the
;) love lights.
oh! Very nice!!!
Headin out for the night. Dont have to be in the studio til mon
That's your name, don't wear it out
STANDING TALL AND TALENTED!.....good game tonight! keep it up!
Streptococci help plaque to form. Plaque is home for infectious bacteria. Kill the strep & the bacteria. Learn more at: www.closys.com
Just woke up from a 5 hour nap >_< I don't know if I'll sleep the rest of the night..
Two more sales on ! Looking for gifts for any of the ladies in your life? Look no further! dirtyslaundry.etsy.com has what you need!
You going to bed?! Let me guess on the floor? <3 (:LOL.
i.e. when the news kept posting Sybrina's "accident"statement...days AFTER she sent her clarity statement
Thanks for being obedient!
rain threat low in the morning and early afternoon, after 3pm chance of rain/storms. Severe threat looks west and south
lmao! Yeah it'll do that for the first 2 wks i was just like you! Then i got in a routine so it was all good
I don't(: I need a smart and a hard working guy. I won't just date anyone. They need to be worth it(:
#wma2011 "learning how to think with art is far more interesting" - [re]vision
Luv kexp I Power tagline, avatar, splash, sticker social media campaign
Merry Christmas, everyone!
Cycling 1. Gazelle 0. I'd like to complain about what hurts - but it's not G rated.
I feel calmer already!
Happy Saint Patrick's Day! Have fun and stay safe. Slainte!
Free Noodles & Company for lunch, just for working on Lake St in Oak Park. Happy Monday.
yeah that can do it haha! And nice! What did you specialize in ? And I'm thinking about going the TUF way but still not sure...
Hope everyone had a Bright and Blessed Mother's Day!
I'm glad you tweeted tonight. Me and were just wondering if you were dead!!
My sister keeper <3
Christina Hendricks, this ramone lady on might be your future.
Hola to my favorite faux scrapbooker!
(Belated) Grand Opening Celebration today! Raffle entries all day, and at 8p, come hear musician Erica Warford.
I'll look and see if I have any left
I suspect few saw that one coming.
#MyMomRocks Because She Always KEEP her Word and Keep It One Hunnit ALL The Time.
I hate when people dont pay attention to a interesting conv. HateLies<3Trust
sorry guys, I'm giving the bracket board to , he was the 1st responder. See you all thursday !
Great, send me an email at and I'll send over some info.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood. Watch "Mister Rogers & Me", a documentary produced by Fred Rogers' neighbor, on MPTV 10 at 8PM.
During the Great Depression, the US built one of the greatest engineering feats ever. At 8 on MPTV 10 on - the Hoover Dam.
I can't believe you're at this #USC #Stanford game. So sick.
This chick is bad
extremely disappointed to learn that only 2 of 8 #COMMONpitch ideas selected are from MKE. How is this pro-MKE?
Do not bother.
RT - I Have So Much Passion For The New England Patriots Its Like I Live In Boston; Not To Forget The Celtics, Red Sox...
Catering function this am, followed by BIG meeting all day.
Ancient aliens is pretty rad.
The capitol building is a freakin' maze.
Genesect? They gave him out at events, right?
Regrets collect like old friends.
#Bruins need to go get Nash!
It's funny how my customers always want to pretend to take a bite of my soaps after they pick them up...Temptation was Eve's reply "he-hee
American Dad > Family Guy
All The Care I Would Take All The Love That We Made And Now You Trynna Find Somebody To Replace What I Gave To Ya...
Irrationally angry that peanut butter frosting exists (with matching cake) and I can't eat it.
He's a patent examiner.
Thx Kim. Just trying to keep up with you. How are things at DreamTown?
Do not allow those things that, by nature, destroy to affect your nature.
RT : A man wearing an Afghan army uniform has shot dead an American service member in southern Afghanistan, officials said...
Nice. Spring Training is a blast and it's never a dull moment with & crew. First round at Dos Gringos is on me.
Wow this girl really just said that on tv
is a BART ride away.
LOVE THAT!
- Yeah as long as you don't party too hard at night too often, that's they key to surviving in nightlife!
Senator John McCain, while not a fan said "Elections have consequenses". Is that a problem? Perhaps we should think about that!
I didn't feel really at home until year 4 (5th this year). I'm considering why that is, not sure yet.
hey there
damn it is april fools day. wow forgot all about that day,
tire iron an Leather strap?
Studio is looking sick. Love the atmosphere!
I found a great way to avoid all the time and hassle of ironing and it's completely free! I call it, "not giving a shit."
yea until you get shot at!!! I haven't but you know just sayin, so what's your life like??
Power just went out
Finally time to get some windows cleaned, heading to St. Paul, near the capitol today.
Pissed off to the max right now but its all good...I'm about to get this good ol' I.d. & get my life on track
MEN: How many times are you gotten a blowjob in the back of a movie theater with someone sitting next to you?
RSVP: Weed Road
It's ok. My computer needs to be fixed. As for work, I love it! So its not so bad, plus I sleep much better now! Ha ha.
some of the kennel namez go back a long wayz- in the Total Shiba book.
Only 2 days of work this week....only 2 days till my birthday....only 20 minutes left on this smelly train.
it's hard to judge just based off one episode. I'll probably give it a couple more before I decide whether to continue.
oh wow. Well ima stay outta it I don't wanna hit a nerve lol :) hope the best for y'all sis
Yes, you only put one eye.... dumb ass.... ahaha
thanks boy (:
Today's challenging sourcing work: Merchandise planners out of select top-notch competitors.
Ok great. You know I always love to chit chat!!! Lol.
Don't miss out on this week! And definitely check out the menus at #BlueBoheme, &
Here in Boston, the rain is pouring down. So yes, coffee, please!
LET IT BE ! Go JB ! Hope the message gets thru to all the peeps!
cute scarf!
- great discussion about innovation, social media and higher education. Looking forward to more discussions with
love the goose! Does he/she have a name?
Hello Whistler!
Okay, that's 4 more resumes sent, for a grand total of 14 out there. That ought to lead to a few callbacks.
whatever if its a body pillow that shit probably flat now ya big ass
I would have voted brick...from personal experience
Up earlier than expected ..still Kush up from last night..still finna roll up again
love all hate none.
Hello everyone can you please follow one of my really really really close friends !!:) thankk youu !:)
That OVO and that XO is everything you believe in.
ah, I get it. lol I was super confused, but now I get it. :)
Conducting a concert on a Barge during a windy storm was interesting. The music stand kept sliding from side to side.
my dads speech on life & true friends he's giving me right now... awh i love him
A smile hides a thousand tears and a broken heart.
Thanks to all attendees, restaurants, MSOE, and volunteers. So awesome
Breakfast in the pm with the guys
BDay present this year= Garmin watch! Officially joining those using "lap" ft.,tracking pace, etc. I feel like I just joined big kid table
Lexi! you're so pretty.
I am going to Singapore! But you have already left...
Just way too obnoxious for my tastes. So overdramatic, so selfish, such a jerk in just about every regard.
got me too but u caught it.
did he sign
Thanks Molly!
Welcome , , ! Thanks for following
I have so much to pack that I don't know if it can be done in the next few days before Monday. . . . . .
<----- followed back
Do you wanna start with Coolidge or Reagan? Both sucked.
Is everyone going crazy for the Marni for H&M collection today? We like the jewelry and prints.
NW; Impractical jokers
im so hungrey i can eat eney thing right now
I think I just saw Christian Finnegan from Best Week Ever walking on Broad St. but doesn't think so.
when did this happen lmfao
-dal.a c someone no haha
which city?
Leo Burd from MIT Center for Civic Media speaking on, "Design technology for social inclusion"
New look for our Eco Framing FB Page - similar to the Timeline GUI launched a couple months ago - check it out!
Can that ball boy play 3rd? Or SS? Please?
Ah no, I'm from Portland and I'm a little picky!
Hey Richard, Thanks for following me on Twitter
I can actually see him doing it because Y is pretty sarcastic but no, Shia should not be allowed anywhere near this.
I'm making a hash tag for the Random House Library Advisory Board. I hope others pick up on it.
We promise we will be back at 100% very early next year! Thanks guys!
“: 10 minutes til I serve the Exploration Cocktail from to thirsty guests at the #mcc2012 ”
Q1. The Official Twitter Theme Song should be...
less than a minute. They walked in the booth I was in and they pulled their dicks out. I was sitting there in my jockstrap.
Kantor had just thrown a trunk, w/ contents unknown to public, into the ocean. 1600 people showed up for experience.
Quote of the night: "There's a lot of Jewish people here tonight. You're either going to get this or not."
it said that on all our school computers today haahah
Penny needs to STFU. Ego is unbecoming.
omg I wish...lol but you don't follow me!
I may be home in LA but I left my heart in #Sayulita, Mexico!
lol follow my self???
Tahquitz casts sacred spell yesterday, today
Why is it that ALL the super #attractive #cute #sweet #funny #smart #stunning #amazing #romantic #sexy #GUYS go to every school but mine?!?!
2nd gig in Paris was murder. Joint packed & we played superbly, then on to a jam w/Margitza. So good 2 C & play w/him again. Last gig 2nite.
Could really use some distraction today. Come on, students! I know you have final papers to research!
Sometimes you have a client...and they should rent.
I saw a commercial the other day. I'm going shopping tomorrow and will find them.
Is Patterson still italicizing random words in that series of books? Drove me nuts.
Created Pen-for-Rent business page on LinkedIn yesterday. Hope you'll check it out & follow it.
Thanx for taking a moment to "Follow," it means a lot!
Avengers was pretty awesome. Great dialogue and it had Robin Scherbatsky from HIMYM!
It is for me. Are you using WiFI or cell service? Try killing the app and re-opening it?
Subway again. :)
Woot! Finally back in Denver! Missed this town, but seeing the ladies was lovely!
well, I wasn't going to say that but - yea - be a men among boys :-)
and it came and went with nothing happening.
I'm in such a great mood. Things are finally getting better for me. :)
Aw THANK YOU SOO MUCH I REALLY APPRECIATE IT!! “ way ahead of you. Keep working hard. You Finna kill the game :)”
The Big Brutal Easy
With #miamimegamission listening to Ambassador Daniel Shapiro - says he has to pick & choose which groups he sees, but we were a no brainer
Pitt/PSU rivalry is dead. I'll be surprised if it comes back....so good luck coach O'Brien
do not let 1 moment go by tht doesnt remind u that ur heart beats 100,000x a day n there r enough gallons of blood 2 make every1 of u oceans
The people at the dentist are always so nice... but I know they are just masking the pain they are about to inflict ;(
Why have I been up for two hours already?
Glad I could make it to , Today's topic: "Inspiring Millennial Philanthropy"
Love to see arenafootball strategy being used in the super bowl
Aw.Turn the lighs on!:O
plane tickets is out of line boy lol
Just about to go on the air on #carlsononthelaw on I'll be talking about pot and naked bike riding...
go home mother is worried about you...
Sing Solidarity Forever... fuck the star spangled banner.
Don't indirectly tweet me bastard. Grow a pair.
“: it's raining...and im wearing a white shirt. of course.” niiiicccceeeee!!!!
When a man talks dirty to a woman, it's sexual harassment. When a woman talks dirty to a man, it's $3.95 a minute.
Show cancelled tonight!
#ICantStandWhen your takin a test and you nose starts to wheeze and ya can't get it to stop
Pokerstars Caribbean Adventure.
I hope it doesn't rain, I wanna ride outside
it is a message asking me to connect with u on namyz
distractions are the worst
bands of the world: if you want to know what awesome is, go see archers of loaf on their tour. holy crap face.
But I still dont think teens should just go and get pregnant...They should use more caution if they are sexually active
Glad to have it.
I just said that cuz I seen u on my tweeter feed lol
yeah your right..lol.... hey do you like cumbias?
Happy New Year to everyone! Wishing you the best for the year ahead. Live well.
It would be a shame if you weren't at Racebannon's show at Red 7 Monday. Be there.
#eli2011 Thanks to Signals, Purdue has seen 6-10% improvement in retention from freshman to sophomore.
What a long ass day! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Wat a happy feet 2???? Im down to go see that november 13 who else is down??lol
Ok I think I'm ready for tomorrow I figured out how to program the coffee pot.
oops, obviously it's going to be a spelling error morning, lol
so moved back in home, getting the band started again! life is good my friends!
So i go to my sisters room and this b**** is in the bed, hell no........
WOW! -> # people who do not pay federal income taxes but not claimed as dependents in 1984 = 14.8%, in 2009 = 49.5%
Go binary. 1024 words/day.
Oh, didn't get Angels as thought 1218. instead got gold stars for the stars they are, they light up my life more than they will ever know.
Every contact, situation, experience, or adventure, leads to positive, negative, or meaningless learning. Think, use, store or discard it.
After all is said and done, there is usually more said than done.
i have more followers then both you foos. Take that :P
I did not expect that
RT : Loose, broken ductwork accounts for 15-35% of a home’s energy loss. Have a professional test ductwork to locate and seal leaks.
4 days of master mind meetings this week with "the winner's circle"
Does Africa's economic growth mean that the top % are finding ways to alleviate the conditions of the 99%
THE RACE IS NOT GIVEN TO THE SWIFT NOR THE STRONG BUT HE THAT ENDURE UNTIL THE END!!!!!! JUST RUN ON AND SEE WHAT THE END GONNA BE!!!!
If ur a country music independent/un-signed artist and/or band & would like for ur music to be reviewed, contact us!
RT BarackObama: We will return with the help you need with or without the blessing of Congress
I hate when Ppl text in my ear like really punk
To the dealer...Every deal everyday is important, so there’s no need to wait
RT : heading to pasadena for area reception for accepted student! --> Let us know how it goes!
I like the look. Is this WordPress?
If time allows, it's a good idea for retailers to claim their business on foursquare so they have more control
she is the head girl ..... Jasmine Jazanti Santiago
My mom got the thing so i can plug my ipod in the car stereo wood.
John Cammack: "I want Baltimore to be the silicon valley of ed-tech start ups. We have all the ingredients."
I was right about the fact that Vonnegut was in Dresden, regardless of whether that was really in the argument we were having
I'd fight for you :)
- One's belief might be the foundation for everything that they do in life. May it be stupid or not.
Morneau just creamed one to center. His homers are just a thing of beauty.
Will you please please please only play the Pogues and Sin City Disciples at my funeral? Thanks, Dude.
I should have been violently killed long ago. Instead, he was.
why dont you Vox me??? i Vox u get all brewtech to follow me!!! i need more followers pls
You've gotta be more creative than that! 's adorable ;-) Make your own coffee shop! Unquiet1, is that Mellow Mushroom?
We not FRIENDS, so stop giving me nicknames and telling me ya bizness!
Yes, seems like 20 lifetimes ago. All is well, I hope the same for you. I don't know what RadioExiles is, but will check it out.
ill probably be around for next years tastecamp. Couldn't resist #vawine. It's my wine home.
Its crazy how to tear drops make a heart.
Botox has it's Rewards! Up to $125 in Rebates from the Botox peeps contact Skintastic.com for details & Look More Beautiful!
When You Start Dreaming And Working To Your Accomplishments, Thats When You Start Living!
what's up matey? Congratulations on your nod KCA.. also digging your new tune.. loved that art piece Livy did inspired by WSO
okay just let me know what time to hop on
Thanks for RTs and/or paper.li inclusion
Yup. I just booked a family trip on and am filled with dread.
The lines blurred a lot in the past few years. Change is one thing that's constant in media, esp when technology enter into it
Getting mentally ready to Run the Gauntlet with and
Omonia has the best Greek coffee & Cookies in Denver ...
my dad RSVP to the email he got about the picnic so we didnt get to go. I'm going next year!!!
starting to get pissed off =[
The dude on CNN just pointed to Kansas on a map and called it Oklahoma
thought i felt better today.... but i dont
time to make some money this year......... super grind mode
And that is the subject of a blog I'm currently working on. I really want to challenge the "NO CELL PHONES" urge we all have.
My son used to travel all over for cross country. I am very sorry about the funeral.
In #Tucson, imagining.
#Mariners shut out the #Twins behind #KingFelix winning 7-0!
comeover and eat our bacon ~
You already know, let's do it! Only time i'm comin back is Sundays for the
Rihanna is bad ass
omg I am so excited to c u guys perform! I love u so much please please follow me? :)
#TeamFollowBack can suck my dick you bunch of losers
Oops.... Caught up in a fairly wizardly adventure! Come check it out before we close our season til September!
Blackhole, Thanks for donating your fine coffee for our plant sale, its only 10 days away!!
Fun Fact: Flamingos are pink because of the food they eat. I wonder what they eat? And why they like to stand on one leg?
“: "Hi, Welcome to Hollister. Here's your gas mask and your flashlight."”
Josh Hamilton, tonight: 4 HRs in 5 ABs. All Mets, Giants and Padres hitters, combined, month of May: 3 HRs in 641 ABs.
Find the most static & immovable part of your business or process + nudge it imperceptibly in a new direction
whos that lovely lady?
An excellent read: RT : Combat #PTSD in 15 minutes. FREE EBOOK What is it, what does it look like, where to get help....
They're either commitment-phobes or just trying desperately to get a follow-back.
fo real! I'm not a good girl, excuse me, I like to be wild and have fun. :)
Yep I'm half Egyptian, from my mom's side.
That last one was obviously meant to be Q7.
Be well, my friend. I'm finally feeling like 75% of myself.
did you like that wink I shot you? I think I seduced jules ;)
road-trip to see during THATCamp on 4/25?
The Higher Caliber Klique?
They are over charging for the earths natural resources....america is for sale... This is modern day slavery...people wake up...
2 more tests left... ugh!
Time flys when your having fun
Welcome. Are the "Grey" books giving you a bump in readers?
first day of spring break = massive cleaning.
The Atlanta R&R Clinic is now starting at 11am this Saturday. That's one hour extra of Read & React goodness!
Happy new year everyone!!
Hey Jeff, thanks for the follow. I see you a fellow despiser of #SOPA. Keep fighting the good fight.
PACKER NATION SE SAYS GO PACK GO
God builds your faith through delays, difficulties, and dead ends, so that when he delivers you, God gets all the credit! Don't lose faith!
Portland Trail Blazers 31 Milwaukee Bucks 33 End Of 1st #trailblazers #bucks #nba (Via )
I just have no feelings toward school at all right now.
"Who would steal shopping carts?" "Hobos."
Would like to hear more about this.
Accident I-15 south at Sahara. Off on the shoulder. No major delays.
I'll let u know. Ight
I think iv changed my mind ..
s/o to my mama man always been their str8-up
Young athletes should be chasing athletic scholarships read this allsportsvideos.wordpress.com
Today I'm trying very hard to give myself permission to work on one overdue project at a time, rather than 7. Hoping for more progress.
The sex aint as good when I dont care for the person....ijs
Writing a story about mom who sued Nutella b/c advertising made her think she was feeding kids something healthy. Really?
I have One Direction Infection. <33333
You're welcome.
tickets are at will call!
thx for the follow!
best answer RT A2: I wanna go back to early 90s, where all my flannel shirts would be cool instead of #hipster ironic.
Everything for a reason .
We've been here before under slightly diff circumstances. Innovation and technology will always change the way we work. - Rio
Working on a Saturday to catch up before #HighPoint Market on Monday!
10 cups in a day, haha. Had more than that?
really? hmm that sounds pretty delicious. I'm heading there tonight, I'll pick some up.
Why do people prove points that aren't relative to the topic. Hysterical aint it?
LMAO If thats what you want to think
People are really into covertly taking cameraphone pictures of other people.
fuck the world. Drink more. Or sober up like me.
thanks for mentioning us.
A new era is starting...what a business trip, what an experience!
thank you so much! That was so nice of you. It was a great class, right?!
and I are playin floors via twitter <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
WOW So, #OliviaOutsideTheGrammys is a trending topic? bofl!! Ya'll ain't right! ^o^
! no one was supposed to kno ;) lmaoo
Severe t-storm warning for SE Dodge and central Washington counties until 2:30. Hail is biggest threat. 1/2 dollar fell N of Watertown.
Woody Allen The best angle from which to approach any problem is the try-angle.
Twitter at work.... always a risky idea
Thank you for having the most entertaining match at last week Lockdown. Just wish u would have won
Peddle mashed down, painted red toes, sunglasses on, headed south down a dirt road, bye bye, back to the wind, she's gone
B/C even though he has bad days, he IS a doctor? RT : I only like it when John beats up Sherlock.
I was so cranky last nite so was he <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> I kept waking up out my sleep
Wether you think you can or think u can't.... Your right!
old news but yea it's an
bad bitches get low
Obama is going to have a lot of Gay votes this yearr! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0088><U+270C>
The love needs to be equal. Every band deserves to be loved, right?? Fuck yeah :P
that's what Ima do
I second that hork.
she prolly dont trust because of all the bullshit u put her thru.
The Movie Sensei would like to thank all his new followers! Domo Arigato
Figures, I guess :)
I am offically obsessed with the walking dead.
i dont myself :/(while shrugging)
hey Britt! Sitting next to your mom. :)
Thank you #flourbakery Central Sq, for this vanilla milkshake atop a magic chocolate pillow. Aka: chocolate cupcake.
Oh, good. You've read The Hunger Games, though, right? And The Maze Runner series is pretty good too, along the lines of survival.
#sacscoc General session-Best Practices in Assessing Student Learning by Gloria Rogers
I'm going to watch a DVD, cause the stupid tv won't #Shutup!
“: """Ok grass cut I think I need a six pack of Budweiser like ASAP."""” ciroc early Wat u say bra
I'm so happy that politico memes are becoming a thing. Endless distractions!
I conquered India, Africa, Canada, Australia, invaded Russia, Prussia and founded the first colony. Legit.
Let's do it to it! :-D I may try & do a lil show that week! “: How about we meet up during CMA fest?!?! #YesYesYes”
yep it's pretty gnarly:) I think "Fragments" is the best!!
I'll re-follow you if you
I really love my little Hartke 2100 Pro cab,BIG tone!..little box..but its kinda heavy,very good extention into lowest notes...34hz!
dang it.
SO EXCITED!!
No Bobby, he gets a pass... for cuteness factor, plus it is #pcbw not: ;D cc
Congrats to all of the SC students who graduated this Friday!!!!
Well we were going to take it easy tonight, but now I guess well make it sleezy tonight
You, too! I am looking forward to coming back up there to your fabulous High Falls Mercantile!
RT : The videos ready soon. "Agile is a change framework for software delivery...because the business needs us to change"
I think it's cool that celebs actually write what they think on here. I'm @ work watching MNF.
I would purposely have no ID and speak spanish, can you say LAWSUIT!
Fan favorite Red Panda about to take the stage/court.
Reading Half the Sky at the library. Riveted by the effective true-life storytelling use in non-fiction.
it is a good morning tho
When you are nasty to other people its usually because you dont like yourself....
Omg just keep talking -.-t
Congrats to Rick Rieman for picking up 2 vouchers to Sesame Street Live at April 27-29. Another shot at tix is coming up...
RT : The westbound lanes of 1604 at 281 will be closed through Mon. If this affects your route, use 410 to come to the park.
So I'm feeling really good about this shoot today :-)
LOL Life has been hectic. Can't keep up w/ technology! See you Wed nite?
Heading to the show soon! Pics up later!
C the kickoff of #RMHCs #SuperBowl commercial starring a 6yr old cancer survivor and help his support network grow even bigger! 6p EST tmw!
"You don't drown by falling in the water; you drown by staying there." ~Edwin Louis Cole
There comes a moment when it's more than just a game, and you either take that step forward or turn around and walk away
love your background! thanks for following!
On The Score @ 7:30 - Si.com writer Andy Staples (Covering Eastern Conf Finals and covered SEC football Tebow's first 2 years at Florida)
blew my mind. Fucking crazy show! Chipped tooth well worth it. I feel bad for though.
Yolanda Adam's tribute to Whitney gave me goose bumps.
Ohh best of luck with your search! I work at an advertising agency in downtown SD nowadays. Whatchoo up to besides Neverland??
Austin is so cute in his new interview :)
I look foward to reading your work! :-)
Switching accounts for results. Keep following
Legs hurt so badly!!!! One more !
thanks for making me look half way smart! Ha
Time to go for a run. :-)
Do you use this account still? I would like to have it.
Good morning and s/o to
Dumb question? Are there limits? ": I have like six people wanting me to follow I can't-I'm chicken!LOL.How many...
Oh my god you have your license and a car you're so cool please tell me more.
I can't remember which of my eccentricities are real, and which ones I keep up just because my friends find them so damn amusing.
Hey Arnold >>>>
Ear ache last night. No bueno. :-/
Apparently refs still think they can pull this out for GB.
To be wholly devoted to some intellectual exercise is to have succeeded in life. Robert Louis Stevenson
congrats dude!!!!
hmm... how about everyone else shaves their heads? It's more aerodynamic.
yea :)) so Can I get yo numba so I can txt U ?
Love reading & seeing pics about all the #MLB teams loading the trucks to head for spring training. Game ON!!
we gon bend so cum bust it open <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>lol
can you come to school tommorow?
The absolute satisfaction at the end of the day when you discover a new song.
where is that price ? I bought it yesterday on Amazon for 9.95
What's your fave hunger-fighting org?
"big men can't dominate w/o the ball" - Shaq
What's on channel 27?
my bday present to you
congrats eloy!!! That is awesome. Best of luck in all you do!
just signed up for Massive Open Online Class (MOOC) on "Online Learning Today...and Tomorrow". see link in previous post
Last night was awesome and I finally got to see you guys in concert and it was worth it!!! Rock on!!!!
that is a good assumption!
There is something in a packed box that is playing The Dreidel Song on repeat and I've no idea where it is.
Polls have only been open a little over an hour and I was number 119. Going to be a high turnout for non Pres, non Gov election.
We were both young when I first saw you~
Microwaving marshmallows on a Saturday night. No really, have you done it before?
the shooting range.
there are 46 in the bag. =)
!! RT : Can't wait to get drinks/network/catch up with tonight! Heading to the event at Science Club.
Google search: ways to break into your own apartment with a pen and earphones
is looking forward to the weekend! Let the party begin!
That's very cool!
Cheers to for being our newest sponsor!
regreting some things i have made :(.
Mhm yuh right....well you know I'm here and me love you so much...u me world lol Muah Muah Muah
thanks for the love Jasmine
Why would you use a franchise tag on Matt Prater? Sign him to a long-term deal
S/O to my man for the follow! Miss havin you around Nutter!
Having the Rampage's #1 goalie called up to Florida today didn't hurt either......lucky break!
This dam blk family came in the store n tried to get me to use my discount cuz im blk like they had sum kinda of secret connection f outta
It's the weekend, time to get bred.
what do you exactly mean by cocky?? Just wondering
Of course! I like things a little harsh
Im hungry
Centennial Family Discounts at Bonnet House. Sat., Aug. 13. 1/2 price for adults and free for children 12 and under.
.no bad aly no food. U had enuf.
Nobody's perfect.
Congrats Alexander Payne and company for Best Screenplay Oscar!
Amy please follow
Good morning, Joan! We're so excited that you will be joining us as a judge on 4/24 for the #cakeshout2012 finals!
Guess I need more single friends...all my girls got married :/
lol just saw you in the crowd! Your girlfriend killed it tonight!
Up early taking care of business
RIP Donna Summer :(
I have lost friends, some by death, others through sheer inability to cross the street.
Aw, wasn't it good?!
Have information to stream in on the web. Contact www.vcube.com Here is some of our work.www.lachamber.com/accesslacityhall
yeah, definitely, just as I wanted to watch/listen to classics of prev. Generation.
These refs are determined to help Lebron.
Fresh Epic Cookies await you now at ! Perfect with a gigantic hemp milk latte...
Stoked for the new album!
At Lithia Toyota... ;)
"The ornament of a house is the friends who frequent it." Ralph Waldo Emerson
A scent of rain wafts through the cool Burque air. haha...makes me laugh
Whoever said, "It's not whether you win or lose that counts," probably lost.
I don't have a subscription to NYRB, so I can only read the first section online. I'd like to read the rest.
Hoping we get to name a drink "The Peyton Manning" real soon.
your welcome ^_^ RT : Thank YOU for RE=tweeting :)
thank you pumped to be there
just 2.5 weeks left to register for the JPA 5k on Sept. 16 at Grant Park! Register at www.juvenile.org
SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS ;P
Nuggets came to play.
Hags still flyin 100 mph. Want a goal so badly right now. So tired.
added to my bucket list: spend an evening on the town with
yes, it's Friidaay Eve....and I am glad.
So Tupac was at Coachella huh? Lol Look that shit up. It was dope as fuck
6. Commit to ur own '20 mile march' - allocated time to it. #ASTD2012 Collins
Man. They'll let ANYBODY in these days. Be sure to say hi if/when in town.
I'm prolly the only person in the world that doesn't give a fuck about "the avengers"
UW's Marques Tuiasosopo is still the only QB in NCAA history to pass for 300 and run for 200. Vs Stanford
Thank you so much!
The thing always happens that you really believe in and the belief in a thing makes it happen. ~Frank Lloyd Wright
wtf hit the $AAPL stock this week? If it keeps going south like this I will have to raise VC funding for my Christmas expenditure!
Dear Ex, Just because I'm being nice to you doesn't mean I want you back. Sincerely, We broke up for a reason.
Your last chance to get #OGS12 passes at the Early Adopter rate is by this Thursday! Make sure you save!
Good job and Congratulations. Enjoy timeoff and get ready for the final year! I am proud of you
What's good, bruh? :) Hey, can I share a private collection w/ non-users? I wanted a cache for clients.
lol! Did u check that out by the way?
words to live by
yay! glad i could help you with your morning caffeine fix. those atticus peeps are awesome.
Today the NRA announced its endorsement of Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch today for the June 5 recall election.
Thanks for the RT ! Enjoy your day in the Keys!
busy keeping the little birds well fed. youz?
I just bought Stairwells and have been listening to it non-stop <3
It's about time somebody gave me props.
Is your favorite musician as a kid still one of your favorites today?
okay. What time is it at?
Shitty birthday foreal spent the majority of my day tryna see dis chik fa her to tell me go my ass bak whea I cam from word?
Addicted to #Dexter. A few years late.
Animation in GIS - things to learn from data visualization people.
The beginning of week 4! Our first month of being open!
BTW lets not pin the blame on "unleashing the President" on Bush this started a LONG time ago. Read your history.
um, so...can i come visit or what!? :D hello, hawaii!!
and there are some real-life horror stories out there that entirely prove your point: sometimes a bargain isn't really a bargain
work + freelancing + cheer = nothing unexpected, but it is always exciting.
“: Addressing needs, like that. Want to see a DT taken in next pick tho. Kinda thin there. Like Criner too
I am convinced that anything Tom Hanks is associated with is amazing! The guy is like a genius. You rock Hanks! ...Sigma out
Its so cold >.<
Excited for Mission: Impossible 4 - I'm curious to see how Brad Bird handles live action
one time RTed me, I thought I was reeeealy taking on that pesky 1%
Its cool i know all this hard work going pay off
Went to Shin Sen Gumi Yakitori yesterday. They have a mini-empire!
You think? RT : T3: If our data could tweet (data, not documents like #ehr), then the whole notion of #HIE gets flipped
Wow,Idc. Go get help
yea...and how much college bball has he been watcing ? I dont think he has done a game since ours vs unc
Fun & great shoot assisting w/ the Talented #JulietVo! Great Looks & amaaze set in Beverly Hills! xox
Sounds like an excellent plan!
Its a Little To Late To Say Ur Just Srry Now. U Kick Me When I Was Down. But What U Say Just Dont Hurt Me.
So many people in suits and dresses seem to love McDs.
Also can spike please sit down. Sir you aren't the coach
HELLO! THANX for the FOLLOW. Have a great weekend!
It's freezing out there! Warm yourself up with custom printed hooded sweatshirts and long sleeve shirts - INKSCREENS.com - 1-800-724-0577
Nikon confirms woes with D4 and D800, joins Canon in high-end doghouse
- Have a great trip! Post up some videos.
lol will he should know how i feel its ever clear
Try not to look at a picture of Joe Morton and not say "Oh shit, thats Miles Dyson".
Whose too drunk to drive right now? Call the Munchie Express to deliver your food!
Self love, self respect, self worth: There's a reason they all start with "self" - you can't find them in anyone else !
im very sorry austin
thank you so very much for time and info ! :-) have a beautiful day
hahaha and you probably never will :)
i rememba when they came out with chocolate
happy birthday!! :)I love PLL
AIDS Run & Walk is Sept. 29! Sign up for Team PACPI or make a donation here.
[insert Friday Happy Dance here]
this first part of this quote is in Independence Day, if you would like to know from whom please respond.
you can't miss what you never had
Personally, I'm rolling with #St. Johns this year to shock the world. Not sure if they can be considered a sleeper anymore, though.
Lane sees "sustainability" as capturing a vision of "the good" #SustUnbound. Recognition of human agency in ecosystem health is rel new
Howdy #motorama pals! What's happening tonight?
Cupping Ethiopian Tchembe N2 and Kenya Ngunguru this morning. It's a good morning.
One hundred percent of the shots you don't take don't go in. - Wayne Gretzky
yes. The school fiscal year is fall then spring the summer. It resets each fall.
"Noobie doobie," I said to the fish. It was transfixed by the smell of my sweet breath, gulping. I grabbed it, smashed it against the rocks.
Just paid $152 to submit my thesis. That plus all I paid out of pocket = an MA for >$1200. Thanks to US Air Force & Hazlewood benefits!!!
Are you planning on doing the Childs Play tournament after E3?
that no talent assclown
he taught me everything I know!
Nope! None relatively close... Total blower! How about you?
#illpunchyouintheface if you say cant sing!!!!! -anna
Great bike ride, hosted by Specialized, followed by Adam Sandler chilling at the hotel.
We had a single inch here in Missouri. Once. It doesn't feel like Christmas at all!
#2012 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
In one year I will be graduating from college. I know what I want, now is time to put in the work for it
Glad this tornado ish over with
yal gone learn yea.......
Unless you is a tranny! then it's okay.
Thank you for following!
chilling with my bestfriend for the rest of the day..
shout out to you I jus saw you on and I'm registering for the Urock unsigned event
Love #sexandthecity marathons.
It's pretty cold this morning! :-0
oh really
I just got accepted the Engage Academy! I'm #PUMPED !
Best value in town for Holiday Catering www.PatricksCatering.com
Happy Birthday ! Five years old today!
Would that be trouble marketing to women, or trouble with women romantically? ;-)
Thanks John! Boomerang-in the love!
Kinda yeah, but that slip. Wow been getting kinda racy over here. Thanks for the heads up.
I would not get hired on focus.
Thank GOD for another. Make the best of it all!
Haven't been a 76ers fan in 20 years but they are issuing a "where my money" type beat down on Golden State right now
Strange things in Alaska weren't strange things expected. Most American place ever been! and apple pie everywhere!
Sweetpea? Me? Now I'm blushing.
Ray: Tonight's episode of the Simpsons is making fun of us.
Just learned that by hitting the J key, you can page down on a website. Thanks !
how does that make any sense Russia is fucking tundra Canada drives on the QEW and gets maple donuts moose eh..Crosby loses
What will the name Greg Smith come to mean in pop culture? will he be heroic to the 99% and demonized by 1%.What is the lesson?
The private-equity portion included a detailed discussion of distressed-company issues, as is a sign of our recent times.
i love drake to much.
Looking forward to hear what has to say during his presentation.
He just wanted to believe!
..zayn please follow me ...PLEASE !!!
Ikr.! Gosh I Hate Does Kinda Of People.!>:( #StandGRAND Is What I Should Do!(: #TrueGRANDer Right Here
Sorry to eavesdrop but I LOVE Tecate.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. Walt Emerson
alex!! Please fallow
Even some of the most talented artists in their field will not make a career in their lifetime!
I was really hopeful that today would be a good day.Then it started sucking. Now I am eating a hoard of chocolate. It's a good day after all
When she was just a girl She expected the world but it flew away from her reach so she ran away in her sleep & dreamed of Para Para Paradise
you're welcome
the chicken walnut sammy at PB is my fav.. YUMMO enjoy your lunch!!
Did you know installing a home lighting control system is one of the easiest GREEN home improvement changes you can make. WOW :)
Facebook just acquired Instagram! Didn't see that coming!
Emergency situation on the cta. Have to take a shuttle bus. I just may be late for my music history class
I completely agree, hyperlinking is inconvenient-I'd prefer preview popup window or perhaps in-text citations with @ symbol
We need to remember that when we digitize items (esp eg, mss) we can't hope to perfectly replicate the item & that should be clear.
Thanks, Pam. I'm honored.
Ok now I have a iPhone and don't know why I did not befor .. I'm chill with baby Cameron watching married with childern
sure thing:)
Un.Be.Lievable.
This music exam I have today = anxiety
How is OPT things?
Im.funny.
Sapience for Success
If your a jb fan twitter and he doesn't follow you, then your obviously new.
from now on, i will begin all of our arguments with a nolawyerz hashtag.
Bring Back Ringer like your life depends on it
Undereye circles store your eye cream in the fridge and sweep it on with the back of a teaspoon the cold metal helps reduce swelling!
and the dentist had to like kinda redo my one filling because it was a little bit washed out. So he just fixed it somehow an ...
Tweet us a photo of your favorite item with hashtag #raidthewarehouse and we will give you $25 off your next purchase!
Good Morning Twitter! We are running an awesome contest for our next show w/ Valencia and Anarbor! go here 4 more www.facebook.com/mtysband
thanks and we should've swept the rays. We blew that late inning lead. Big test for us with Texas in town tom
Stomachache after eating McDonalds, is how you know it's working.
Wherever you are tonight, just know if you hear Mambo #5 I'm in the building.
I'm irritated.
Needs to cancel 6:00 movie showing. caught in traffic.
I've decided that #mezcal is #tequila's ugly step sister.
Come swing around with us tonight, swing dance lessons begin at 8 and are only $7. Open dancing is from 9-close!
#LusoAmericanoNewspaper portuguese spelling mistakes counted so far: 23. Im not even half way through this paper
Bout to go slam on some Roosters for lunch!
Madison Pharmacy Associates is grateful for a fantastic staff of pharmacists, nurses, and analytical chemists.
if you're telling me we're friends, i may lose it! REAL FRIENDS!!!!!
“ “ Chilln wit the kids && mii sis :) <U+2665>”CHI PLEASE ALL U WORRIED BOUT IS _______”
has one of the most diverse, intact collections of late 19th and early 20th century urban architecture. What’s your favorite?
"Woot Off The Wed Nosed Weindeer." Nice.
Lisa Nichols () is inspiring! "You were built to outlast this recession..." "It's Tonka time!" Have 2 b here!
I would if I could):
The sun is so hot
Tell it how it is
Justin Blackmon just said he's going pro. Couldn't be more obvious if he tattooed "NFL Draft" on his forehead and attached lights to it.
Companies are full of BS
Thanks buddy. Alex may not be a FF top pick but he is getting the job done in SF RT good luck!
Congrats to last nights winner, they received $25! We are 30 members strong!
When you finally do reach the age where a woman's personality is what attracts you it won't matter- they stop believing that years earlier.
I'm free Friday & I have to work 9-9 Saturday so after 9 I'm free so what's up love
I meant my boobs in my Victoria's Secret miraculous bra but you too ;)
The caption should be, "We are for freedom of speech as long as its what we tell you to think and say. Or a dirty Lib says it"
Skepticism, like chastity, should not be relinquished too readily.
Finna get some new clothes young huh lady
. and I are going to watch Dude Where's My Car and no one can stop us!
Thanks again to everyone who participated in our 50th episode. It really means a lot!
Ha...I wish too. I went up for the Vancouver Winter Games and it was a BLAST!!
Past wkend's movies: INCEPTION and THE STING (2nd time). Basically the same plot structure, I realized. Am I getting more plotty?
I was interviewing random people. #secretproject for :)
hit me up. lmao and yeah
Who's up for some Oktoberfest-style beers tonight? I'll be doing some blind tasting at the beer co.
well i hope to see! Go Pack Go!
Sushi with the fam
Participating in 's presentation on More Effective Approaches to Sales Communication at
That moment when somebody is being so annoying but you don't want to be mean....God help me!
Not 2 many options wen u comin from the projects
Gonna see and tonight hollaaaa
Hey guys Ik that some ppl are CONFUSED about us it actually 4 members but we don't have a FULL group pictures yet...sorry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Final day of class of the spring semester!
and I bet the vast majority of people said, "why on earth would we want to talk to to people soar away?!"
Putting my new #sales ebook on Barnes and Noble today! Sales Rock Star.
However lots of ways there might be of being alive, it's particular that there're vastly more options of being dead, or instead not alive.
Happy Earth Day! Let's keep on promoting eco-hip beauty! <3
#Fairuse cases often defer to the well articulated norms of the community. Which is why we need best practices for fair use.
I'm real sleepy e_o
you and I need to hit up Gallo Blanco for happy hour one of these days! Not even a block from my place :)
is such a cool guy! Buying tons of free tickets for Pacers fans.
I am smoking on exotic my girl ain't got no stomach lol
OH: I'm pretty sure that ~you~ don't pass the Turing test.
whatchu gone do up there at S.A
I usually eat awesome lunches at work, but today I have leftover German food, so today's lunch is e-spätzel-ly good.
A must - try for yogurt enthusiasts.Low-fat yogurt, low-fat granola and including the season's freshest berries @ Friehook Bakery!
no problem !
Somebody should text me right now, because I'm lonely in the corner of this classroom.
#cnndebate Go, Ron, go!
Listening to 'Johnny & June' and damned if this isn't an incredibly romantic song. *swoon*
yeah dude! Fallopian high five!
Hey , are you coming to Code-a-thon? // a 48-hour open source, open data coding marathon for coders and designers, April 13-15
These 3 weeks better go fast. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
#IslamTaughtMe to be a better man, and to never take anything for granted.
Yess Im a LEADER but you aint FuCkInG with ME!!! He He (NickiMinaj)
ever get stuck in traffic and notice the nose picker? are you a picker? are you a roller and flicker? an under the seat wiper?
I was on while on Plus the rock opera starring me playing in my head. 3 shows AT THE SAME TIME. Suck it Jon Stewart!
brilliant marketing!! #tigerblood at it's best..!
It's good to know that a celebrity who I respect is showing #solidarity with the #TrayvonMartin #hoodiesup movement.
You're too young to distrust love..
I'm more concerned with how Steven is doing.
Well that just made my night.
PROJECT X LOOKS SICK!
Frontier. From CS to Denver, then St Louis
thin mints are my weakness
So Episode 1 3D isn't playing anywhere around here. I love #starwars but no enough to drive 45minutes just to see it.
the test wasn't hard at all
One of my favorite things about the UVA project is its acronym. How can you go wrong with Project SNAC?
I Touch Down And Cause Hell!
where are you playing?
Did you accidentally eat your phone, ? I find it odd that you're not texting back...
Sam Brittain gets the start in net for today vs. Ferris State.
FF# for Mid-Atlantic Ensemble Theatre Awesomeness
Anybody remember what I wore yesteryear?
Yes ma'am ;) Living the thug life
claymaker you are awsome great year congrats GO PACK GO
Thank you kindly
Need a #virtualoffice - Davinci just added about 15 new locations around the world at amazingly low prices. Great for #startup companies.
Well, at least your memoirs (Tartle & Toska) will have a great title.
It's pretty obvious that when you lie to yourself you lose yourself. Not in a good way though.
Jake Gyllenhaal will make his American stage debut in 's Off-Broadway production of IF THERE IS I HAVEN'T FOUND IT YET.
u so want me in ur life, cut the shit pimpin haha!
Gasol was struggling with Kenneth Faried. Serge Ibaka ain't no damn Kenneth Faried, I'll tell you that much
So is it still cold cause it's still 94
bwahahaha! You are so right....
What's for lunch today? Homestyle beef stew, mashed potatoes, biscuit, banana and milk.
I went to a wedding last weekend & some ppl were actually wearing shorts! Yeah, it's hot, but u don't wear shorts to a wedding!
We the people of the motherfucking United States, in order to form a more fucked up Union...
Glad you enjoyed it. They can be addicting.
you need to follow for hot squirrel action
- also not bipartisan so none of this really counts.
I was trying to get in contact with her friend not her you dumb fuck...
Great weekend to be a #Wisconsin Sports Fan! Congrats #Badgers #Packers and #Brewers on great performances! Fun to watch!
shout out to the service team...killing it everyday
not get his green eggs and beer this morning?
These new songs are so fun!
i drink and eat whatever gets me drunk. but last night we had captian morgan
burning question: did you all capture the horses that took off?!? was worried cause it doesn't look like there was fencing there
if xtina put on any more weight I got a shot at banging that
you should give me the #FREEin3D package so I have something actually entertaining to do when #Alabama and #LSU play again.
Thank you! I'm glad you like it!
Hope to see you there!
my acct will not let me post tweets says error please try again later. Been over a week now. Help thanks
This Republican primary at some points has been more of a circus show and a clown show, says David Plouffe. Too bad it ain't funny.
Im not texting u til u text me
Walk into a restraunt.. me:"it smells like old people in here."
Sex is like air; it's not important unless you aren't getting any
One of our artists, is patiently waiting while The Scientist mixes and dubs their newest album! Give thanks and praise!
In hawaii
You think I get to see any film that isn't animated or featuring puppets?
Happy Birthday to one of the realist kids I've ever met I got you with that AJ on Monday lol
Glenn, has Camargo's signing been announced yet? Can Costly play for the Dynamo tomorrow?
's cover of "Call Me Maybe >
Parts ordered; claims adjusted; rental car scheduled with pick up; impressing all parties with my efficiency despite bureaucracy; Done.
Yay! Officially a Bat
actually, your twitter handles says you're a shark.
Great. Now I feel funny when I have to sit down to do any work.
We are long overdue for a KC restaurant podcast. I recommend for your listening pleasure.
"Banking customer service" - now that's an oxymoron.
just aborted the mission to go walk on the moon or something with anyone know of anything to do in LA tonight?
What's this? A real (non-bot) follower who actually seems interesting (and got followed back)? You deserve special mention,
yeah, i will try this weekend. thanks aaryn :)
What a randomly awesome day.
Took Scott Mack's Pro Tools sessions that we also mixed and created some performance tracks for yesterday, and are mastering those today.
How many sigma nu's does it take to change a flat tire? Six apperently
How's everyone doing today???
Going to see live in NYC on May 4th!! So freaking excited! I can't even wait! :D
Movie prep: roasted almonds in dark chocolate, Turbinado sugar and salt with an Old Waldorf's Last--1 gin, 1 orange Curaçao, 1 cream--up!
They say I talk with so much emphases...O THEY SO SENSITIVE
Just got back from the Galaxy diner with husband and nephew!
Suck it Cardinals
Specialization is for insects.
cool. Drop me ur email address again. I'll send some music over and we can go from there
Practice, Practice, Practice, Practice,
Giants win in a walk-off. Brewers fall to 12-16.
That some achieve great success is proof to all that others can achieve it as well. Abraham Lincoln
Omg I love your profile pic. . . #SWAGGBABY . !! :D
Is it weird to miss the friendship but not the person ?
Yep, get those feeders up for the early birds! We won't see any Hummingbirds probably for another month or so...
I'm sitting here in total shock! it's an old book that came out in 2006. Did you notice a rise in sales after your promotion?
Wow this has really changed since the last time I was on haha.. I like it!
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties. - Doug Larson
Pump arrives today! says one day early!
#edchat most effective PD is driven by need, relevant, implemented, and refined over time. Regardless of self directed or group.
Me and cousins taking pictues and soon we gonna post pictures :)
Well deserved am sure. Will be glad to sleep in a bit tomorrow. Exhausted from this week
I support your whole family 10000% You are almost the only family in the spotlight that hasn't messed up. I'm so proud of Jas (:
- well, what seasons have you seen so far? lol cuz i dont wanna name one u dont know lol.
sounds like a great deal for ! Colorado brewed bottles for $3...then Late Night Happy Hour at 10!
heading over now or in a bit?
Yes. I'm at his house wondering where he is. The text reply "urgent care" scared me. Sorry to confuse.
The 2nd episode of #Awake is on tonight. NBC, 10/9c. Good show.
Very true hahaha!
a proper response is "I love u too"
if lamar wins where do we at next week
"Growing up:" definition: learning to depend on yourself rather than relying on everyone else...
lol. I tweeted after every Garcia start.. Plus every time that Phelps came thru for us in long relief.
Yesterday was our due date...still no baby! The dr is about to come in and tell us if she's ready though! Fingers crossed!
aww, sad. i need to figure out how many more days we have lol
Slowly settling into vacation mode with the wife and a bottle of good Zin. Should hit home when we hit the lake tomorrow.
I am so lost and late. Lord calm my nerves.
I prefer people to call me aubs.
Today is my Birth-Day & It was amazing:) Has the movie had an impact on you? I know it did for me:)
awh thank you :'D I would stalk you Any day (;
Just finished watching SYTYCD season 8 auditions and saw oh god it was amazing! There's lots of talented ppl :D
Great back to back Italian dinners. Trattoria Stella on Colfax Friday and Tuscany Tavern tonight in evergreen.
Woot! How exciting! RT Our vineyard manager Daniel Fey thinks it is approximately two weeks until bud break!
It might only be mental, but I SWEAR that sometimes it works.
Thanks for mentioning us in your daily and for favoriting our tweet :)
We already are. ;-) We all start out as having XX chromosomes (dominant/female). Men drop an x which them becomes xy. Recessive
hates exams...
she is kind of amazing!
welcome ;D
This one's for you.
Congrats on the big win Coogs! 11-0 and 3 more to go!
New post: Magellan Vehicle AN0201SWXXX Power Adapter / FM Antenna
“: We're watching Grease and Lanes having a dance party. Somebody stop her.” I can just totally picture it right now.
whats good wit the T's. Ready to make moves
Never thought I'd say this but you guys need to take a page out of ESPN's playbook and cut the fucking commercials. 1 ev oth pk
I was In it For tha Love & you was in it for tha check !
Going to bed.. Have to wake up early for school tomorrow...
Zellers wanting it to pass but not voting for it.
ProMetic Provides Corporate Update
I hate when its new years and the clock is about to hit twelve and someone farts it ruins the whole night
thank you :-)
Lost Girl Road is a paranormal mystery that takes place in the woods of northwest Montana. Thanks for asking :)
My Words Are Growing Old And All I Need To Do Is Find A New Way To Say I Love You.
Why hasn't anybody opened a water ice stand in LA? How come west-coasters don't know what water ice is?! (pronounced 'wooder ice' in philly)
Thanks for sharing, Jose!
awee me to thanks chad!! :) your so nice!
text me your number!! Xoxo
Harry potter marathon on abc.. hell yeah.
have we become a nation of haters
we're not lol
My Kids will have the greatest childhood <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Gotta love Classic Rock.
“: So proud of #killinit this year” THANKS
I love how the rain did NOT inhibit our girls!
I saw hit 4 HR's in a game at Miller Park. 6 for 6 that day, 6 runs scored and 7 RBI's. Best feat in sports I've seen live!
What's the point in taking mirror pics with an iPhone 4 when you have your own selfie cam?
As a #leader what do u do 4 the greater good? #leadership #altruism #helping Does ur job do it 4 u? What is greater good for u?
Love that musical. One of my fav's.
hahaha thats great. Now go do some more stalking. (;
great to meet you last night beauty! ;)
I would Neva save a chick sorry hoe... I am not the babies father take me on the Maury show
Me too, inherited 11 acres in the middle of my "one year off work" experiment and it has taken much of my writing time
The bruised season is upon us. ugh
we would love to get with you and do a cross promotion. Any chance to speak?
RT : Had a great afternoon filming with FRS Healthy Performance! Stay on the look out for video of the newest FRS......
simply lobbies and pushes for the matchup that makes them the most $$$. They have no credibility wrt BCS manipulation.
RT Alabama has a great offense! The only thing they are missing is a dominate WR like when they had Julio Jones or Forrest Gump.
U got that right ;) Constitution or the rule of law b damned :)
Just crazy, congratulations Kings.
It'll be tough no doubt.If she wants to cry she gets 2.If she wants 2 be angry she gets 2..whatever she wants..
isn't 3 in the morning a little early for insults?
hahahaha no, i wish. One day, but not tonight
#MyWorldMemories ; vip allentown pa concert <3 && stalking your tour bus in philly <\333
Quite well. Twitter won't allow me to express all the blessings! How is life in the Fort?
M ... smoked trout on endive is SO good!
...and by Thursday Next, I meant the series. Just starting The Eyre Affair.
oh really?
that's my favorite part.
pretty sure...could've been old Asian lady cooter too.
check out Jeppa Joe's - newest hotspot for lunch. Fresh local ingredients, global flavors. At Marquette today - 15th & Wells!
Okay, Minnesota #Vikings, we're in this for the long haul. Let's make something of it.
summer reading prizes have arrived as well. it is that time of year where the scent of smencils lingers over my desk.
Dwayne wade and taj have a special relationship. Taj is wades criptonite.
Yep...ISU just fumbled in the RZ
You don’t have to be an education wonk to know that teachers matter. Thanks to all the teachers making a difference!
I appreciate the support of all my followers. I could not get thru the month of April w/o you.
you gotta.
You know the speed of light;so what is the speed of dark ?
RT : who me not me LOL>> You heard me.. Are u okay girl??
Just finished 's hair/make up for an amazing video about the House of Hope charity she speaks for. :)
I always feel that way when people say "you look NICE today!" Like how do I look most of the time? HA
I just heard about this. Have very special memories of him. The world lost an incredibly generous and talented actor. RIP.
In today's market big names can go overseas & still get big $.NBA owners should reconsider whether it's worth losing it all
I'm thinking too much again.
Then he started asking for an ashtray! 6 times he asked! Then this fam walked in sat down and this guy thought Dad was talkin bout his girl>
No! Why? That has to be a joke.
Real fireworks or a metaphor? We have fireworks next weekend. What's going on?
I need to switch editors. Seems my current lady has dropped off the radar.
nap time was pretty good. :)
No prob beautiful
Somerset and Danville. That's my neck o the woods! Yay! Lol
Alright boys, this is what you've worked all season for!
good answer!
We've endorsed our slate of candidates for King County Council, Assessor, & Director of Elections.
sup bro?
#Linsanity is even more real than Tebow mania. He could be what Yao couldn't be for Asian ground breakers in America.
roasted a handful of green bean consecutively two times. all of them failed .. what's problem?? beans coasted with oil oozed from itself
The single largest campaign ever against #HumanTrafficking launches 2013. via
I bearly tweet anymore...
Watching the
#MUSICNEWS Clement Marfo & The Frontline are without a doubt one of the best things to happen this year. Not only do they have huge talen
Support organisation Design Initiative closes due to a lack of funding
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. R. Buckminster Fuller
Beautiful Voice.... (excuse the randomness)
THURSDAY...Rock the Mic 2012 @ Barnes and Noble Cafe, FRIDAY...Dinner and a Movie! Get your tix from a NABJ_INDY eBoard member 2day!
Corey Hart 1 for his last 23. He's so due!!
morning hun :-D
good...girl y I think ima have 2 snap out on Larry, Michelle and Lee
#divaconference Also from blues divas (Smith/Rainey) to gospel divas (Jackson/King) to the Broadway gospel diva.
Oh is #Downton Abbey good? I was thinking about watching it.
You gotta pay the troll toll, to get into that boy's hole.
How about Iowa State's Paul Rhoads
U Rock! Great chat!
Need to start tweeting from this account more often..
Don't be down on what you're not up on. Know the science.
At the risk of sounding naive, what's the deal with #Obamadogrecipes ? And what happened to Fox link?
good luck :D
New favorite acronym: FOAD
it really hurts getting burnt by a cigeratte
Couldn't care less about silly self-generated event that is the NFL draft!
Don't be fooled by "Easy Money" scams...If it was as easy as they say it is, the sure as hell wouldn't be sharing the secret with you!
Being at work super early for a huge meeting and they claimed that they would feed us. Breakfast of champions: chickfila, fruit, and pas ...
We are in Circus Mashimus. I am not there but drop on by! Having fun yet?
just editing stuff that's for my port :)
Totally makes sense. 12hrs for sauce to soak into pasta=good. Overnight time for quick-cooked deliciousness to soak into rice=bad
Seconded - can't wait to see you and Myra IRL in SFO. Are you in AUS for #SXSW? ps, Aviel, miss you - hope all is well!
he seems....interesting...lol
My friends saw yesterday :O I'm completely jelly
To some lawyers, all facts are created equal.
Questions about satellite TV? Ask me! New Mexico Satellite Man has over a decade of experience with the stuff. John - 350-6428
greatest challenge- the pressure to demonstrate the value of social media & the importance of audience engagement quantitatively
last thing mls needs is a huge cavernous stadium for 20,000 fans. Looks pathetic on tv and the atmosphere would suck
three shows in three weeks starting with that's the shortest set, the others are 3-4 hours long
Exciting! RT After 280 pages of contract and seven lawyers, i've officially (just moments ago) become a New York City homeowner!
same here :/
I'd lick your toes with tortitos sauce.
Someone once told me to learn to accept change when batting mac vs pc years ago. Now that applies to almost everything.
Ridin wit the boss
thanks for the follow!
Where there's a will, I want to be in it.
Heading to Grazie for #lunch today! #AllYouCanEat buffet for just 9.95!
Q: What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A: a stick!
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
You act as if you never knew my name...
Thanks for checking out our Tribal Art Miami show. It was a huge success!
nice! How do you like the app?
got some amazing vintage today
Hotter then at the grocery store? ...Me biting a habanero pepper...on fire...sweating...passed out next to the banana display.
I think the prettiest woman in the world loses ALL desirability when she pulls out a cigarette. ALL!!!
My phone battery perfectly last one day and at the end it still doesnt hit 20% and i use it every second of the day!
Debuting our new TV ad at 6:40 am on FOX 5!
Class before trash
Broken pinkie? Who cares. David Wright homer.
hey miranda you coming 2012 to germany or europa ? ilove you
Well then we agree! Why you gotta be so angry?! ;)
Everyone go wish our guitarist David Diaz a Happy 20th Birthday!
How good can Memphis be when u throw rudy gay back into the mix? Scary
call me
HAPPY OPENING DAY!
Why are there still telephones in hotel bathrooms?
Makes you wonder why he is so secretive, probably hiding illegal behavior, probably bought people off.
If you're getting what I think you're getting, then I'm very jealous.
do it. It's almost 9:30 at night here ;-)
Apparently Jurassic Park doesn't really exist...
Doing the best at this moment puts you In the best place for the next moment.
Amber& Joe
The best songs appear with no practical agenda other than the ineffable high they give you when you sing and hit the chords on your guitar.
Help! Did anyone else here the morn. ed. segment this week, maybe tues, about digital literacy/school libs? Can't find it.
NEW INFO: Reason Osama buried at sea...Answer: Because no country wanted to accept his body for burial according to US official
Talk is cheap! Life happens at the level of events not of words.. Trust movement! Faith without working is not effective! from Rev him self
females that keep callin themselves classy are more likely not to be classy
Last chance to win Kenny Chesney tickets by tweeting with the hashtag #KennyChesneyinPDX - we'll choose a winner today at noon!
I have my sights set on the "Play Ball" kid first. Baby steps. Well, really pre-teen steps, but who's counting.
NEED PROMO? EMAIL BLAST? ON A BUDGET? EMAIL ME @ FOR THE PROMOTIONAL SERVICES
Sean from Driver.ly just crushed the Q&A. #startupriot #today'spreparationdeterminestomorrow'ssuccess
"No one can change a person, but someone can be a person's reason to change. -Spongebob"
Why can't people just get along with each other? K people need to stop calling people like me hurtful and offensive names.
RT Lawrence says idea that #Huguely 's actions were "premeditated, malice, intent to kill" is "just not there"
do u have school tommarrow
I dont care what anyone says.U.S.A. is still number one in economy.
indoors or out?
Need to go tanning but to caught up in this game
A cluster of good roots music: Duotone, Randy Thompson and The Urban Folk Quartet are among those with interesti..
Some talented people in that room!
that is wht I'm sayin, I made tht mistake this holiday season & after mny calls & a visit 2 the store it we cnfrmed
[Campus Bulletin] Dear students, please come back. We're lonely.
Thanks for the follow, bud. Hope all is well!
Congressman Al Green addressing the audience at the NAACP Gala. Another great event this evening.
Someone said "this looks like a show for hipsters". Was that supposed to be an insult? I couldn't think of a better crowd.
I farted so much on last night idk how she doesn't have pink eye
Find me someone who's had a better 21 days than Chris Kreider
them the weak females that get fat after a relationship because they all depressed and lonely and shit
RT : "Vicki Swanky is a Beauty": check out this review of Diane Williams' surreal collection of prose poems and short shorts...
I had a longer response, so let me summorize. You fucking suck.
Definitely there in spirit and need to plan a trip to CLE this summer!
Hmm best songs???? Countdown by beyonce :) you da one, right there :) hehe so many
Greetings to Germany!! :)
: Be sure to follow my favorite #Milwaukee #Nonprofit, too: :-)
I Hate Mondays -___-
I just did an exam and treatment today for a 9 day old baby. So awesome to have them grow up with Chiropractic. :)
Amazing tea and chicken wings at tonight!
LOL! Jules was right! She is an amazing person.
Really? A Three Stooges movie? Set in a convent? With Larry David and Kate Upton as nuns? What knucklehead dreamt this up?
I am speechless.. Animal blood? No worries Cassie I'll make sure to stay on your good side.
Morning Farmers, stop by today & pick up our strain of the day; George Clinton & don't forget 10% off all H20 concentrates today
Looking for a USED 51" automatic die cutter with stripping. Know of one? 888-BRAUSSE.
Really hoping my recent visit to Bodega Bay is unrelated to the murder of crows which has just descended on my neighborhood.
My lips are sealed! Talk to
I watched him here in CO last season & he got Tulo & Helton out-- got 3 straight outs in the 8th
18-25 YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS VOTING EVENT IN DC. LOOKING FOR A VOICE THE YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS EVENT! GET BACK AT US IF POSSIBLE
the main reason i wanted to go to coachella this year was to see at the drive in. don't fret. i'm seeing them tonight. TX FTW
In what you say of another, apply the test of kindness, necessity and truth, and let nothing pass your lips without a 2/3 majority.
you in Madison?!
happy birthday Cody!!! I hope u have a wonderful birthday!!!
hahaha I had to ! It wouldn't let me tweet it ...
The #GoSpursGo just keep winning- I'm sure Pop will not be happy with the points allowed, but he has to be happy w/ the 5-0 rodeo road trip.
Well, a podcast is required to have a certain dong quotient - DvL
Cruising #StateStreet and checking out everybody that have begun the #MifflinStreet party early.
Damn I miss Euclid now.
living the dream! :)
still to do: consume external rss feeds, fix portlet layouts, tweak css, investigate jquery scrollable, walk on water
RT Get yourself here tonight ... We have amazing worship, Bible preaching and the great people on the planet!
No need for revenge, just sit back & wait, those who hurt you will eventually screw up & if you're lucky, God will let you watch...Karma
I know. I usually dont click any links. I've gotten many a virus from FB links.
second time
which game is it unit 13?
The first show was incredible, with brushstrokes of Iris van Herpen and Commes Des Garçons for spring 2012
Time to go play boss
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Intelligence seeking electronics and experimental devices are banned during dinner.
:) RT : thanks again for such amazing service and amazing food..keep up the amazing work
Did a daytime investigation of Bachelors Grove Cemetery today, including a divining rods & EVP sessions at the old house foundation.
Nothing like sitting with your grandma. Even in complete silence.
Never understood guys who lift up their shorts to pee in a urinal. You aren't in the middle of woods.
jet lag. It's a bitch.
haha I won't be there that early. But I'll leave earlier than I usually do
What did you run?
If they dropped me off the Empire State Building & I broke into pieces they wouldn't find a Hatting bone in my body:)
glad you're paying attention. at least it wasn't 1rd or 4rd
my bruthr had one of those , but u koo ?
The question arises whether all lawyers are the same. This is like asking whether everything that gets into a sewer is garbage
So many great things are approaching and I'm so blessed!!! Have a wonderful day everyone :)
All my hiking partners bailed on me this week
Glad to connect - Thanks for the follow ! Have a great weekend.
Don't let Eightball the Tiger know that Climpson is getting $17 mill a year.
At my birthday party and I was just sent to my room. What are they up to???
Don't be fooled. Erik Blood goes on 2nd out of 4 bands tonight. You'll miss me if you aren't there by 9:30.
just a shoutout from the land of nerdfighteria
#chicagocitysticker program is broken evidenced by many who have condo/apt garage not paying fair share while street parkers can't hide
The hardest thing for me to understand about captain America is HOW CHRIS EVANS IS SO TINY IN THE BEGINNING. Movie magic, guys. MAGIC.
no, no I'm not.
yep, provides a snap of deep rest and a bubble of joy to jolt the day
That's a fake account, no?
When you wake up in the morning , make sure to say Thank You God . You didn't get up on willpower alone !
POTUS talks Immigration reform. McCain nods, but stays seated with hands clasped while others around him stand and applaud.
But you shouldnt have..
I need a new iPod lol.
I hope not, also! Sorry you feel bad. Hope you are better soon. It was fun to see you last night.
Pick.Click.Give kicks off in less than a month when we Alaskans apply for our PFDs online. Follow for details.
Good idea, indeed! I'll pass it on... ~Mike
I went for a fav bowl: Thai. But the guys at work tried them. One added mango salsa to tikka masala & said it was good
WIN VIPtix2Music City Roots by answering: Email Q:Who was the first citizen of Nashville, TN?
PP Release party tonight! Come to the Wooly, 11 Barclay, Manhattan if you want to see my glittery elbows.
Success & failure are discretionary destinations. Choices determine them.
Place as the context, #servicelearning as the strategy, #sustainable #communities as the goal.
Solid read Knapp!
All I want to do is play guitar.... School is such a bummer.
I've been so tired. I know its thyroid related. I feel like I could just fall over and go to sleep! I'm so tired of feeling exhausted!!!
“: s/o to all the #miamiheat fans <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> #indiana”
Wax on, Wax off!!!! Ladies and fellas too!! Take advantage of our Half Off Specials This Weekend Only
Great work in the #circuit yesterday new member, Per. We will see you Monday at 6pm for more
VOSD loses credibility on Prop D coverage. Still gives measure "financial reform" brand and uses highest 10 year range for story.
Come on Lakers!!!
RT : learning new tech & letting kids be part of your learning is powerful lesson for students too
Next 3 days off. Let's do something crazy.
it won't end
Thanks for ruining me.
Youth Competition is underway at the Loutit Library! Amazing stuff!
That is the way of things...the way of the Force
there was nothing that had to be said. The pictures said it all. Great camera shots and directing.
At a campus potluck. Even the carrots have bacon.
I Can't.
3/4 paragraphs done what email should i sent them to?
Feeling the love. Huge thanks to all for your prayers and happy/healthy thoughts! May be out of here in 24 vs 48 hrs. Will keep all posted!
well your gay!
off to donate blood #opositive /via <---yay!!!
He tried to explain why it could never be, but I'm not trying to hear that
I just dug through boxes and boxes of memorabilia and found stories I won awards for in high school. Wow.
Your Neil Young is spot on.
Hope You Guys Are Having An Awesome Time At Pure This Goes Out To And The GRANDerz(:
omg u here that flordians ICONic boyz r comin to florida and my true INSPIRED dance GEO awww!!! I love u
Marked my new mayorship by running the whole trail. A 6.24 mi run with a pace of 9'45"/mi and a time of 1:00:54 with Nike+ GPS.
Zone defenses are useful if you are trying to slow the game down, protect vital players from fouls, or other team has bad zone o
Happiness is never stopping to think if you are
you know you want it!
Dear man sitting next me, I hope your novel-sized stack of lotto tickets pays off
Wrap up ya hair, leave on ya heels....
I am writing my Congressman today to tell them that this is an important issue to me. Thanks for the update.
Can someone point me to a solid passage in literature that exemplifies 'irony'? I have trouble with that concept.
EXACTLY why I'm concerned. RT die hard and I'm starting to have my doubts shaky pitching and streaky hitting
I guess you did not add to your safe folder
Happy Mother's Day to my awesome mother MRS. JUANITA GAINER!!!! POOF!!!!!
For the second time in a week or so, I saw a skunk on my walk home from the Lake Merritt BART station near the Kaiser Convention Center.
No late July for Africa. I need more then bug spray but got loads of sunblock lol
Killing my inner demons to avoid creating outer conflicts
Congrats on making it to the Final Four in the "Biggest Fan of the Big East" Contest. Praying for you to win it all!
said hehe. She obviously wants my dick.
After all the recent news, one thing's for sure....We definitely need more guns in America.
the men are in the right. Them females shouldn't be out of the kitchen.
Good morning. Good prayer. Good start with Jesus!
My free oil change turned into two new tires.
But still thanking the big man upstairs for waking me another morning.
The moment when someone angrily honks for cutting YOU off.
“: Started reading #ultramarathonman . Amazing book so far." Me too! Makes me wanna run & eat pizza @ the same time.
HAHAHAHA Machine Elves!
#TGIF Family! 1 more day until Miamians to get engaged w/ their #Community. cc.
Posted some great new audition notices earlier today! Have more talent agents & casting directors signing on with us today :)
you are my sunshine , my only sunshine
i like being around pretty girls... doesnt make me gay... i like being around guys too... even the ugly ones.. lol
Thank you! I think so too :)
RT : So who has experience with self-publishing a book? Not so much a wordy book, but more a photo book... sorta.
Great to meet so many people at #SCAA2012! Thanks for stopping by our booth.
justins shirtless photoshoot video literally made me want to jump through the computer and rip his pants off ok
RT : David Milarch successfully cloned a 3000yr old tree. Cool. Taking an impossible dream a reality
Working from home would be easier if the VPN installer had worked. Or if the IT department had decided to respond to my ticket.
She who has never loved, has never lived.
Is this a black eye?! Wtf <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Tell me about it... I hate that shit!
haha I bet we're keeping you up all night with all of these tweets!
It so damn hot !!!
So aggravated and frustrated with everyone ! I'm about to explode !!!!
thanks matti, glad you're enjoying. for my cam show you want to see me solo or fucking around with drake?
Turnpike I go! Cedes not playing on this road.
okay you are super awesome - not the pressure is on :)
I figured I'd write a song tonight about how beautiful someone can be just by what's on the inside and not what's just on the outside.
Don't you mean an hour later? I'm still half asleep and I've been up a couple hours. :o
holy rusted metal batman! cant believe this is happening.. thanks for the link man :)
you mean come up to, right?
Just finished up that new .... DAAAYYYUUMMM
Amazing! That would be a great event . . .
yes u can have it ur way
Sound mix was worst of all time. In 9th row ctr-vocals murky, couldn't hear soloists 1st set. Who does quality control?
Work In Like And Hour And A Half , Gota Make Dat [$$$]
Fuck 90210 I'm feelin'90036. Beverly Cinema to watch classic flicks, Yogurtland to get dairy sticks, synagogues to get my Hasidic fix!
#artedsymp Jill goldstein asking students what does community mean to you?
Full report on Clark county fire and what we know coming up in one hour, on KATU midday news
Looking forward to seeing Tom & Chris's work in NEXT FALL at tonight!
Mattress King is offering interest free 24 month financing on Tempurpedic purchases. WHAT A DEAL!! See store for details.
'Western governments should open up to trade rather than just dish out aid' #Africa via The Economist
90 min Glee! I'm sad I will miss the 7 am song tomorrow. You should announce it again at 7:30. :)
Dude....is that the guy from Wings sitting in the 2nd row?.... (next to Michael Buffer, I think).
When I saw it I didn't sleep for 2 weeks straight -____-
WH Counsel Ruemmler: Confirmation process shouldn't stop in an election year.
What are you guys Doing ? Hope all my FBF HAD A GOOD DAY ! GAMETIME GO NY
enjoyed hearing your interview with esty dinur on WORT-FM Madison
same here
A great weekend to enjoy the autumn weather, and play chess!
2d is the thickness of your mom's ass cheek
If you were UK's AD would you hire Bobby Petrino? If you were Strong would you hire him as OC?
KSR offers what most sports-talk programs can't: genuine emotion. Entertain me; faycts are optional.
Out of curiosity did you find any new organ music for yourself at KMEA this past weekend???
“Women dress alike all over the world: they dress to be annoying to other women.” -Elsa Schiaparelli
A transparent vision, supported by concrete plans, gives you a wonderful sense of confidence and personal power.
why hello dear. How r you?
Ovechkin on changing his style to fit Hunter's: "It was pretty hard, to be honest with you."
#SheWontTakeYouSeriousIf if you flirt with other girls ALL the time.
Stop hating on Alli. Shes living her dream. And what are you doing? Sending her hate behind a computer screen.
The vision that you glorify in your mind, the ideal that you enthrone in your heart-this you will build your life by & this you will become.
haha it's like when you reply to any message Pssht text
haha yes so serious
Cmon hawks lets take this back to Atlanta!
I might be persuaded if it was Twelve Angry Mad Men (is that redundant?). Also, I don't have cable.
RT : Some enterprising soul should guide lit mag mergers. "Okay, you two fledgling lit mags--get together and get it together!"
Lmk if u have any other questions.
Wisconsin center Peter Konz finally comes off the board with the 55th overall pick by the Atlanta Falcons.
Researching, writing on climate change and sea level rise, water quality, ocean acidification. Trying to be upbeat amidst troubling news.
that old wooden dock was warm on our backs, a t-shirt for a pillow and just like that
Develop a social media app by using outsourcers & quickly create a massive list in the high 6 digits
omg. Haha, thank you! (:
Popularity doesn't matter to me, Looks don't matter to me, Because I have my friends. <333
I am happy to announce that FIFI is home safe:)
My Event Coords. went out last night. They all had never been to Vegas!! As their boss I said "drink up!!" oh, and show up for work please.
"Gemini- Your family structure seems to require constant tending lately." - uh yes, I can vouch for this.
I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap
marry me
I disagree...you should do onto others as they want done to them.. Not always what you want done unto you..=)
watching the #saints game and i feel like i'm watching high school football..i know its just 3rd string but come on guys pick it up...
The full Moth Complex album is now up on iHeartRadio <U+2665> Enjoy! :)
If you hear no evil and see no evil, call the TV repairman
RT : I want to make #ThinkLikeAMan a trendind topic.........Help me twitches
Yu Clearly Have No Friends So Find Some... Who Pulls Swindles To Get Friends In 2012 ! LLS
gracias JC, you have a fantastic weekend!
Quienes son los favoritos actualmente? And how come I haven't seen you lately in Ultima hora Stephanie ?
flippin weird I tell ya!! #howdopeopledoit :-)
Really...really said if the news of Junior Seau is true.
The Middle Person In my profile picture? Lol
guess who just bought Jane By Design? This girl!!!
Absolutely, I hope you do the same!!
Thank you all for all your support. I love all of my followers... Enjoy the day, make something great happen!
Its not too surprising that there's more debauchery within the walls of organized religions than in the open mouth of unorganized crime.
Now that I live in a new city I find that Google Maps / local does't work the way I expect it too, for both web & mobile. Let's test bing!
i love yoooouuu :D
got cheese and cherry...omg.
Thanks for the @ Mention!
You come to my home town and you don't say hello? Irvine *is* nice.
Just gave the 1st gold star in a min.
Poor bear.
Make sure to stock up on beverages for Memorial Day weekend parties, its fast approaching!
Rap-career for those of us too short for pro sports, revenge against girls, and those with dreams beyond the 9 to 5 for minimum wage
how does OT work? First to score?
RT: I have indications that celebrities actually want to help. They can speak to the world in a powerful way.
...I swear I can be like Brian sometimes, I'm fine until someone throws a frisbee
Casting all week for the (print) (digital) summer
How was yours? Did J&M both get out to see you?
watching true jacksonVP
Can't believe that Air Canada operates out of Terminal A at DCA. Unacceptable for a *A airline to use this dump.
Sp02 Take Over, tomorrow at Edens!
Urban Tour Host begins series of free monthly tours of Little Haiti- at Big Night Little Haiti by the Rhythm Foundation. 12 persons tonight.
School. A place I really don't want to go! -_-
No, I'm coming out...But I don't know if I can stay the whole time.
I LOVE ONE DIRECTION THEY'RE CUTE!!!!!!!!! :)
what do you think so far ?
Fitness begins in the mind. MindFirstFitness.
stuck in NY and can't get to dublab's bash Thursday. It's going to be great. Have fun w/ Frosty and crew and all that music.
Looking at all my girl scout badges reminds me there are a lot of things I was supposed to have learned how to do.
Everyone is central IT to someone! "Value of Distributed IT Leadership" session
So Whitney Huston's doppleganger is stalking Kenyon Martin? Did she forget Bird Man is on the roster
lifting a brother up when he down.
RT What colors do you want them in? ;) lol! ": We need snuggies...snail mail? ;)"
Overheard: girl a: "the only thing you're good at is sucking at everything. Hmph." Girl B: "well, it keeps my boyfriend buying me things."
aw. Yea and im trying to find some where to live
#Townescam reading and this dog make me a happy man. Now if only my girlfriend would stop watching this crap movie
thanks chuck :)
thanks wulf :D
I would have had more points.. But No. Mr. Dean decided not to record them
Blake griffin can handle the ball like a guard!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 77
Really? Why not keep both?
They don't like you when you're real.
Jamming to music (aka signing and my version of "dancing") is better at home than in the car
I hated missing the call! was my gentleman friends birthday... but while you were together, at least we were having tea cakes :)
Hey beautiful!!! How are you? In NY with Natalie-she's got an audition! We have to hook up!
Steven my fear with Dullahan is that he'll fall asleep early & have too many to negotiate. At 8-1 its a pass for me.
Nite Owl specials - tonight after 10 pm. Stop by after the show, or movie, or whatever wonderful Saturday night plans you have!
what about God's love?
- would love to explore the possibilities.
It's totally understood. I was feeling defensive. It completely sucks that we have to vote on it & it's put me in a foul mood.
Utterly transforming, YES! Hugs back to you and your precious little ones!
My best subject is Geography english and alot more
The Spurs need to trade to even be in contention. The Lakers are the best in the west and the Spurs are far from them.
Nina Simone - I Shall Be Released - 05:47 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
ugh finally gotta twitter :)
Supposed to be working on a report, but instead you are on twitter
lol they will forever be thirstbusters for me. I mean polar pops.
...and Milk products are loaded with Lactose sugar. We live on diets that are 99% sugar then wonder why everyone is sick and obese!
MG Session
People have accomplished some pretty amazing things against the odds, it's in our nature. Mars is within our reach
i love you tons! Thanks for listening to me, It was nice to just have someone to talk to :)
taking a time out at the bar as IT'S MAGARITA FRIDAYS!!!!!
5am flight in the morning? What's going on? Night out in San Jose with austin miller. I mean, why not. Might as well :P
WMMA amateurs in IL/Midwest check out for possible fight opportunties.
Storms make oaks take roots. -Proverb
thanks, Dri! I really appreciate it :)
Bay-bay does it again! Go Broncos! Go Jackets!
I'm coming tonight & tomorrow wheeee! Just got into town bringing friends :) you might like the restaurant Sava for tapassss
i know. I'm late to the chorus. But damn. That was an extraordinary episode.
Welcome home.ill check on the song.
You are very welcome. RT : thank you for using her actual name in your headline, unlike just about everybody else...
F*ck what anyone thinks, do what makes you happy becuz ur awesome
now that y'all know what's on there now, be on the lookout for some new posts this week about and
Haha, I know! It's been so nice not being bombarded with emails & checking them when I'm still in bed in the am. Tough call!
I saw Michael Jackson's ghost in my house a few weeks ago
The Shave barbershop Call Now To Look fresh N Clean Call 786.683.6089 Thank you !
Add West Coasts tour dates. Por favor??? :-)
Are you in heaven? RT : Every food event should have BBQ, fried chicken, spirits, and a #bourbon aisle.
It's amusing to mess around with societal rules from time to time.
Jazz-folk harp at Mayne Stage.
So close. Hopefully Europe was still great without it.
I follow. Back :)
The hardest to love, are usually the ones that need it the most.......
Nas got yrs of experience over niggas in the industry. They can't compare.
HEY, see ur profile from youtube cuz i follow u
I've said it once too. TEBOW! “: So far tonight, ESPN has said "Tebow" 14 times. NFL Network has said it once.”
At one point, the #Badgers were up 20-9, yet the #Spartans made it to 30 first. 31-25 now.
isn't it hysterical?? LMT promises that he will be cleaning it up. Good times! Xoxo
We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence, and its only end. -Benjamin Disraeli
Don't guess..... I'm your aunt, Sam..... We can talk in DMs if you would like
we go where the wind takes us....
Oh you guys watched the Lakers game too? What'd you think of Kobe's game? He played great!
I travel to Tampa area often, if you ever need a stills photographer, let me know.
Hello, stranger. Are you alive?
STOP BULLSHITTING WITH UR SELF TAKE UR MUSIC TO UR LOCAL RADIO STATION
Tonight we celebrate 30 years of DFI! Here is to 30 more!
me too homie, me too
Now why you gotta go startin' with me?
“: CHILL OUT! Body temp must drop 2-4 deg to reach optimal temp for falling asleep.”= reason for cold dorms 70s sorority house
I'm sure it is going to look amazing!!! x
no problem :)
Bronx Goblin is looking for someone who is interested in writing game recaps or has any idea's for serious stat writing. Let me know.
and I really need to catch up on all these good movies!
Celtics shot 12 of their 20 shots from mid-range in the first quarter. Only three attempts came inside the paint.
I did quite a bit today We'll compare notes in the early am. 8^)
At the park and my kids are the only ones listening to their parent. Love my kids!
My peach fuzz growin strong!! lol
or do you really believe the comparison would still be made if the physical resemblance wasn't there?
I don't think you're gonna be my twin..
Finally throwing content at our test #plone site & boggled by all the decisions we need to make to manage our site intelligently
Confession: Our household has recently entered the brave new world of genealogy.
So I guess this is Day 1 of four months of sweating through our clothes. Yay #dc humidity.
#FF HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND
“: #Taurus gets close with some friends then after a while moves on.” wow k
If you are following SCOOP2012, on PokerStars, close at least one Tweet with the hash-tag
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
You had a lot of people believing in life after death. Or cryogenics. :-)
I'm always game... and the sparklier the better!
Very sorry for the weight loss tweet. We DID NOT SEND IT. Amazedradio doesn't do that type of thing.
My phone crashed when my mother called just now. Whew.
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she needs more followers it's doesn't take much time to press follow button please :)
idk maybe I just don't know what day, why?
CONRATULATIONS! How beautiful and precious is a marriage full of love, a "Fortress" for "Well-Being" & "Salvation."
OSU different circumstances than Miami, S Carolina, UNC and PSU too. Let's see how NCAA handles each.
this is a short horror film we are working on. :)
2 hour delay today.. HELL YESS!!!!
So disappointed in and I've only been here a few hours...
Have a great weekend
#thatawkwardmoment when the guy u hooked up with holds the door for u, but doesn't say anything in person but texts u 2 secs later
We feel our clients need some puccias Open at noon
When you can't remember why you're hurt, that's when you're healed. - Jane Fonda
Last Call! DJing 2-4p today on for my last Thursday shift. Moving to Tuesdays starting 5/15. Be there or be... doing something else.
Sad face patriots lost D:
LMFAO.! he already walked by me idk where he went =\ legit looked exactly like him though!
not at all. doesnt help that convo almost went off deep end. dont feel any closer to an answer...or even a road to one :-/
thanks for the #ff and RT!!! Hope the end of the world is as satisfying for you as it is for us!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Jeremy Jones °Rising 11th °Houston, TX °Travel Team: East Central High School °Shooting Guard 6’6
Getting ready for some red hot taxonomy action at the
#Teamfollowback I want more followers
This Louisiana girl is overjoyed that the Saints won the Super Bowl Tonight. Way to go Saints!
time for a trip!!!
Forgiveness is the answer to the child's dream of a miracle by which what is broken is made whole again, what is soiled is made clean again
Had a good night! Random chilling does a soul good!.
I'M dying without it lol!
RIP Macho Man, but I'm pretty sure he knew it was time to stop the rapture with a big "OH YEAH"
It's 2012 and listening to sport shows talking about how Orton will beat the #Broncos, I don't thin so a@*holes!!!!
um,HELL YEAH!!!
Can you like do me a favor...Like... buy a bed of nails... and then accidentally trip on them and kill yourself.
Darren Sharper says he doesn't believe what the Saints did was wrong. Really Darren? Really?!
i got a selfish mind of the devilish kind u look so hard but still wont find kindness wit a flash all u see is blindness im timeless RT boii
if your a girl and and you vagina is used more than books in a high school classroom
hey :D I was wondering if you have a ustream, if you do what's your username?
Morning time:)
Look, I dont need perfection, I really don't. I just need you to show me you care
I think it's just 'valuation.' DAMMIT. We're the worst businessmen. We'll never be friends with Mcuban. Maybe Barbara?
Every guy should be like .
Lolololol I can't wait to see it lol I sware thts the only thing I'm looking forward to haha :)
Love leaving early and still being late. Good times for sure.
there were so many things wrong with what happened today. Shocking
It's great being a WI Brewers Guild member! I just reserved my tix to Bockfest.
Barca is just waiting for Chelsea to take them down in the box again.
Currently onsite in Florida preparing training materials for hospice workers who will do medical record-keeping on mobile devices.
ya if he comes to washington state oh ya i have are bdays planned
Right next to my house down by the Milwaukee river.
nothing bored...what u been up to haven't seen u since that night in pandemonium
Don't be nervous! You'll do great.
good 2 know how much u charge
You must be persuasive if you can get the 911 operator to connect you to the sketch artist. ;)
What we call the secret of happiness is no more a secret than our willingness to choose life
Love pool parties RT : First pool party of the year has been confirmed at a location that NO ONE has been at yet. Get ready!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!
good job last night
State and make everyone so much happier!!!! SPREAD THESE WORDS!!!!!
aunts w/ everyone.
i guess ill do my laundry for the first time in a month...pull my leg.
- Great show!
Today I am thankful for my excellent health. It feels great to be alive and active. Happy Thanksgiving! What are you thankful for?
... I thought that already trended today! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080>
thx 4 pointing out Zuckerwhore should of put $ into his crappy #FB app for mobile...Well played sister
SHOUT OUT TO !!! Follow this true directioner (:
Boom! My biggest twitter moment to date. ~~~ > RT : If you want pure drama, avoid Twitter.
Austin Mahone is a thief and a murderer. He stole my heart and killed my social life.
Lol....well thank you!!
When I have a birthday I take the day off
“: I have the best team. @ DUBB #weOUTchea”
Talk what we will of faith, if we do not trust and rely upon Him, we do not believe in Him."
A #winewednesday Cheers to that!
#wgirls is expanding-tell your friends! New chapters in
This museum has variety of different exhibitions from dinosaur remains to to many kinds of beautiful gems left by kings and queens.
they were a funny read. I think the disclaimer was the best
it will take a long time but it wil slowly get easier.everyone who cares 4 her has 2 B loving,supportive & patient.
Eliot Spitzer kicking a#$ and taking names right now on on . Well worth a listen.
I'm sorry everybody I don't mean to put my probs on twitter sorry.
sorry I didnt know I wasny,gotcha
what'd she say? Does she like it there?
Happy Birthday!“: For my birthday this week, I want to reach 1,000 followers. I need 9 more. Who's going to help me? ”
Osi 2 weeks ago now Brandon OH NO WATCH OUT lol
“Right to cheat consumers” bill passes Senate This week the Senate Insurance, Commerce & Labor Committee approved the so-called right to cu…
Yep! RT There is NOT ONE company I would trust less to protect the privacy and contents of my email than Facebook.
alas, we didn't - but it was making the rounds over email this morning!
That was awesome!
Fun night. Said hi to a lot of people and had a good time. Everyone looked so handsome and beautiful. :)
I know right?! So much better than my Lego buildings from bak in the day lol
*sneezes* I thought the world had ended. Lmao on the phone.
That conversation just got real weird real fast, but aye gotta love em <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
it's pretty good & warm so far I hope I can meet you <3
Happy Birthday ! Welcome to your 20's!
it's been broughten. Is that how you spell that completely made-up word? I don't care because I'LL OWN YOU AND THAT WORD :)
I hate people with bad hygiene. -___-
Wednesday walkout at PSU announced by
that check engine light thats blinking on your dash is trying to tell you something, find out what it means for free. We come to you!
It's so beautiful outside i wanna play some
Our pleasure!
so u think u can help me out ? :/
Black ivory afternoon
Happy** ugh.
Wow! Congrats!!
B back from London w/ daughter. We had celebratory sushi, everyone is very full. TV about to go on. Prediction: All snoring within 10 min.
Going to 57 degrees tomorrow? We will be there with the perfect app for you! Post instant location-based listings to update SD!
Today is a good day...simply a good day
Did you see the Superbowl half time show?
clogging up my twitter/FB feeds with the worst april fools' day in november thread ever
It's really boring :\
true. :( but that was the old me. I awnser my phone now.
Super G :555555555 D
THAT'S THE WORST THING EVER
My world is at peace because I am at peace.
creeping your tweets which are still my favorite...BUZZ OFF? you are gr8
Mama told me not to come She said, "That ain't the way to have fun, son"-Three Dog Night, Mama Told Me (Not To Come)
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises. ~ Samuel Butler
Aha! But what do we do with all the available internet knowledge? That's where smarts are handy.
No, we're looking for someone in NYC who can come into the office.
Expressing my distaste for the weather today by wearing a sweater that closely resembles a blanket. Take that Thursday.
awh I miss it so much, why did Zoey have to go get knocked up for?:(
"Consider it pure joy whenever you face trials of many kinds, because you know that the testing of your faith produces perseverance."
You guys are more fun than being beaten with a lock in a sock
I don't understand why doesn't have a recipe box feature on the site, only "favorites" or "track."
that looks like such a fun movie! Enjoy :)
I promise we'll be so good
Took a nap and forgot to get my dress from alterations... Pissed.
fuck a week by week development chart for We need a week by week color wheel for how orange it gets.
yea i started it a few days ago i just need to finish it though. well im bout to get off of here. see you in the a.m.
I freakin love !!!!!! I might be getting some radii shoes and a KR3W tee!!!!
Finally you have found someone perfect and finally you have found yourself...
Just turned on #WSOPME in time for a lucky 8 on the river for
about a guy xP
u need to talk to me? What's going on chica?
Yes no chocolate! I've been living too much for the past 3 years, so I can stand to cut a bit of the daily candy intake. ;-)
#NowPlaying -"Our Day will Come" by Amy Winehouse from her album, Lioness...*roar
you have finally started loving me. I come with many perks.
"Eye Am not getting OLD, just filling up my life's capacity with time" #ChangedMind #ChangedLife <U+2605>Da Public's Eye<U+2605> <U+24B9><U+24C5><U+24BA> <U+24C2><U+24CA><U+24C8><U+24BE><U+24B8>
I love seeing the "seen" receipt on fb, and then getting no response...
Who knew toll tags were so convenient? Not this girl.... And the line of cars behind me in the "change. made" lane now knows too.... Whoops!
Just got around to the Chris Mann + Aguilera "The Prayer" performance. That was pretty damn impressive.
Safely rode my cycle into work today. Some days it makes me feel old.
Fuck it , I'm turning that shit in on Monday ! :P
Fyi: if someone is constantly being negative or always throwing negative stuff your way its bc they wish they were in your shoes!
First Mila Kunis gets invited to the ball, now it's Justin Timberlake and Betty White. Where's The LCP's invite?! (P.S. we put out.)
Knick fans makes excuses for losses just face the fact they suk ass besides melo
. on sources of external pressure on archives. First: "participatory culture"
Join us tonight for Cleveland heights candidate night,,, for making this happen CH- UH Dems
AMAZING weekend! Time for bed.
Thanks for following! I hope you enjoy the book reviews.
oh really? Ahha
I hate leaving but my bye-bye parties are always great! Xoxo D.R. :*
Lunch time(:
haha check me out
Whoa, Varda had a museum installation that invited the audience to mourn the loss of her cat Zgougou.
The Titanic set sail on my birthday o_O
My day is good at school, then sucky at home.
ln person on Leadbelly and the "sonic color line"...
RT : Amazing dinner tonight. What a view. Incredible food.
Me: "OMG I FREAKING LOVE MY LIFE" *mins later* Me: "Uggghh FML." LMAAAOOO
Electoral College Map Shows Romney Has Tougher Path Than Obama
Congrats Cj i know ull ball up
& thanks for the follow!
I hope u did to
#ocwcglobal How to create an infrastructure that supports more participatory world & the generation of new knowledge?
im so quiet and awkward around my family...
: On NPR ystrdy A Huffington said he's wrong - U contribute to public debate of the news which is the pt of journalism.
Household objects are always plotting your demise. RT Final Destination movies are responsible for 98% of my daily fears.
Your doing this crappy work because you can't even spell.
im scared for your hair. Its going to die. Just saying.
My mom hates it when I read her mind.Freaks her out everytime. Lmao she dnt Believe. I learn frm the master lol luv ya-bri
My life, My idol, My teenagedream, My love, and i want him to be my first love!
Just discovered that I can hear a James Taylor tune without barfing my breakfast. Does this mean I've hit middle age?
I think i laugh to hard at commercials :/
Can't stop thinking about how Mad Men needs to change its name to Puffy Betty.
you said 3,2,1, so i said blastoff -.-
Beer and #Funk 45's go hand in hand. #vinyl #records If you don't know, you better ask somebody!
Caltrain is a bit full. Added bonus, some guys nose is bleeding.
if you guys know any good wineries please tell them about our Wine competition for entry forms are on our website
In Ot sijils, the names Zayd and Hind are equivalents of John Doe and Jane Doe.
wanna play a game?? gts? -alex<3
Just give your card # to the manager & request replacement card.
letter and bill <---BRAVO...keep us posted.
hey! -______- he's being mean!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I got a date tonight wif cody and I dont know what to wear and I want all of u to come too
I need a delete button for all the selfish and spoiled people in my life.
Wow. Popular people are so so SO annoying these days. #YourNotCool You just need to stop and STAY ON FACEBOOK. Twitter is my territory -.-
You know, being a Transporter isn’t all Audis, hot women and excessive speed. In my experience, its Ford vans, cookies and traffic.
#musesocial Overheard in the room: "Is a typo in a tweet worse than a typo on the wall?"
Baseball players <3
We've arrived in Nashville! We can't wait for #ETC11 to start in the morning. See you there!
Humming a tune when you're upset can ease your mind.
Wtf , he just woke up looked at me & then went back to sleep.
as a citizen appeals secret vote ruling to the Georgia supreme court -- and wins!
I must agree. Now I'm HUNGRY!!! Yummy!
I know you so well, its kinda creepy. ;) #readingyominddd!
Just walked past ryan howard in his white bentley on Sansom. I guess he wasnt watching the game.
I made the yummiest omelet! Artichoke, mushroom and feta with egg whites....
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> RT : #Capricorn's are ambitious and make good husbands or wives.
anytime boss just get at me...email, facebook, on here or whatever.
I like Chrome for the extensions like Print Friendly, and various integration tools. And I like to try new things! :)
may 9th I'm sellin plates so put ur order n may 8th ill bring it out 2 u pass the word the menu on fb the event page
Such a good 40 minute run...I didn't want to stop!
That's so fetch. Tell Anna she is a lovely lady but she is failing at being a girl raised in the 90s :)
RT with your Leap Day plans and traditions!
(customer reviews) Special Price! for Magazine Tote With Special Pomotions...
Hey Kobe.. Lebron James has never been SWEPT in the playoffs before
wondering when the slides from Sean's presentation will be up? Really good food for thought.
why do you have to be so freaking sexy???????!!!! your sexiness is killing me!!
Just one more example that on- and off-site backups are a must for court reporters "Stenographer Error Gives Convicted Florida Murderer...
really liking the bass on the "Sin Salida" track
Just once, can we not be defined by our surgery and the ignorance we face. There's so much more to us.
no worries!! Let's put something together sometime.
There are three Civil War dependents still receiving pensions! --Claire Kluskens of at
Shoutout to Taj Gibson for hooping and not giving up
Leaving a fancy party in yacht club cloths to go to a civilian bar with a new group of people increases your #JudgingLooksRecieved 10 fold
Definately wearing the wrong outfit to Antro... F***!
Happy Easter everyone - even if you forgot that this holiday was not only for consuming more and more products...
Leave all valuables at home (i.e. DVD Players, iPad's, etc) as you risk them getting lost or stolen on the bus.
I just love you :)
4 is killing us.
I'm looking at it.
shot me out. IF I DONT B DER MY SQUAD B TAKIN OVA ER FRIDAY...MHV/MITCHELL HEIGHTS VETS
Super Blonde or Darken it up!!
Hey ! Love your website, but that feed goes so fast you can't read anything! Would love to be able to filter it & slow it down. :)
dude what's yr number I feel like its always changing
Left my water bottle at work. Fuckfuckfuck.
. was an immigrant who organized a union of immigrants.
Getting your seat warmed up! :) RT u guys r looking sweet in that new studio!
asks if you can bring only one platform with you on a stranded island what would it be?
I know! I can't wait for this reunion. The world will probably explode when we all see each other.
I think a nose piercing is bad idea. You're too pretty for that and if you want to get a job I can tell you it's not a plus.
4/15/2011- DJ 12 TRIBE & B TRE Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe
I know, I know. I'm a bad internet citizen.....
Really? RT : Baltimore Waterfront Partnership says we will swim in Baltimore's Inner harbor by 2020
send mp3's to for review.
all day everyday
I clean my apt every Saturday morning naked in 6in heels...why am I single?
Huston request for kick off.
- Can't wait to see what you have put together! See ya there!
You're only as old as you feel
Watching #thevoice with my man and my girl
good thing plenty of people disagree, or id be out of work :)
Lunching at drinking a carmel macchiato and catching up on my favorite blogs.
They are practicing for the Ft. Lauderdale Air & Sea Show...and my office window has perfect view of the fly overs along the ocean!!
no prob your welcome:)
Did you know I signed to ?
"Make me a Twitter account. What if I want to Twit something?" --my dad (aka )
yes, right away.
1996: 9. You're such a cutie(:
Wait times are dramatically reduced city wide. Today, averaging 5-15 min.
FOLLOW MY NEW PAGE !!
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. -Ayn Rand
Right now we are running a special on all our Resistors and Capacitors... BOGO FREE. ( of same or lesser value) In our Walk in store.
Send us your favorite songs out the D!
Just crushed the gym after a 3 week hiatus
Please watch and share my videos on YouTube! It would mean a lot to me!<3
Brewers at 3:05 vs. SF. They need some MVP support to end this road trip!
RT : RT Everyone -- even jerks -- should have right to marry.
Writing an academic book on H1N1 pandemic and the history of our entanglement with flu viruses. Great Slate article on H5N1.
Happy Mothers day to your mom and thanks to her we could listen to such an amazing guy like you singing (: <3
my pic was on tumblr?????:O:O
Make sure you catch all the hip events! Don't forget to add us on Facebook! Http://www.facebook.com/hipstervegas (and post your own!)
oh okay :) haha!! I need to plank
a www :( there's a sneak peek look at it :-)
Nice nice Samorf.com I like the updates. I think the borders would look nicer another color, I'm not sure though. Trying to pic. it.
I'm also not going to SXSW. But if you are, and you make "effeminate lemming" the hashtag/catchphrase of the conference, you win a prize.
HEY BOO!
HAHA. You said IDP! It took me a sec to remember what that meant!
Glad you're starting your day with a healthy cup of THK! Remember, for happiness throughout your day, continue listening : )
LBJ is a PUS
#40thingsaboutme 38. I want a truck when I turn 16 :)
I still take the stairs!
Last night...typical Orioles...thank god for the Caps!.
-- to the one breaking it / the fragrance / of the plum #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
says hi
Another series win...I'm diggin this!
ok we havent talked in a while (yanzee and peter)
Every girl's crazy bout a sharp dressed man!....
The dance routine I choreographed for is definitely proper! Take the workshop Friday night folks!!! via
.. And a liar, and pathetic and alone in life and MEAN, and MEAN, and MEAN.
do you have a girlfriend? If so, are you a chivalrous kind of guy? If not, can I be your girlfriend?
some sigh rough basement tapes from last summer. Hittin the studio this month # newshit!
How many of our fans are planning to watch the Academy of Country Music Awards this Sunday?
Thanks for the +K. Every little bit helps, right?
I earned my education from the school of hard knocks.
What did you think of Lady A's performance? I loved it.
What we call the beginning is often the end. And to make an end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from.~TSEliot
I'd love to have a pop-up at #aam2012 for our museum community. Should I partner with a local museum or contact someone at AAM?
you dont want to be bothered
just saw your tweet, did you want in on the flash mob ? :-) send me your email address so I can email you details!
hey I see u are team af... What base u at?
We're so excited for you to join us tomorrow at !
Thanks for the follow! Let me know if you ever need a drummer to come in on the fly. I'm close!
Mexican or Chinese food?
no - has to be dating, partnered or married - could do broken up, if recent ;)
Let's go!
I swiped it off of him yesterday at fuse.. just kidding miss you all though! come back to ny
Thanks for the shout out!!
dear twitter fans I may not do the gas mask challenge tonight. but I may do the gas mask challenge tomorrow night depending on how it goes
have fun!!
#YOLO doesn't mean stop, and go out and do sum dirty shyt. Some people got it all fucked up.
Today in #NY #history, the Woodstock #music festival opens. Becomes famous spot for legends like Bob Dylan, Grateful Dead, Janis Joplin.
Income tax returns are the most imaginative fiction being written today. ~Herman Wouk
Can I Call The Fans Of Yours A #HARRISONERZ And Yours Too A #MADISONERZ..?? RT If You Agree..:)
Follow !! She is BEAUTIFUL!!
Having a working printer in my apartment makes me feel powerful
listening to a marathon of #JustinBieber so far im on my 7th song i have a long way to go
omg my eyes sting so bad !
Theres plenty of fish in the sea but I've already found my nemo<3
Hu Honua can be up and running by end of 2012, providing 10% of island power while other renewables are developed.
...... I'm reporting/blocking/unfollowing you.
I Awoke Angry this morning...... MIGRANE!!! Now I feel sick!! I mean puke all over the place sick. Going back to bed!
Eyes open has become one of my new favorite songs
HOW THE RASS CLAT JA IS NOT CARRYING GREGORY'S FUNERAL LIVE ON TV THAT'S THE LEVEL OF RESPECT THEY HAVE FOR THEIR HEROES WHAT THE FU@#
we sure will. You should have an email from our A&R rep by tonight
In 2010, we held our first Bowl-a-Thon and raised $180K for abortion access. In 2011, it was $320K. This year? $459K AND COUNTING!!!
Thanks! Had a great, great time at that show!
Understanding the importance of communication will justify the investment of money and time into becoming a more effective communicator
I guess I can see now how people like Michael Jackson felt
Before you place in a race, you must find a place where you want to race.
tell dem fi come on twitter, dem fulla slackness pon facebook, twitter is where its at
We Know We have it ! Now lets come to terms. The Question is will you be blinded by the light ? Be the first to uncover the Story
dont call us fans remember were your BELIEBERS!!
#Aztecs! = awesome. Great game. Bounced back from 14 down to finish strong.
Happy H'Ween ! Please post a pic if U do! <3from #GA Babbaaay~
Still on job hunt Looking for anything pertaining to content generation, communications (marketing, advertising, etc), or editing.
Wow ... Healthcare Heroes team is 4 minutes ahead of schedule. These guys are running fast !
RT People who were alive when the #Cubs last won the World Series: Geronimo. Butch Cassidy. Mark Twain. Tolstoy. Harriet Tubman.
and knows exactly how to interact with a room of students... natural teacher. love it.
here's to the kids who have so many talents that they can't decide what they want to do in their life.
Thank you Susan. Our pleasure. Hugs
Wishing so bad that would DM me :)
R.I.P. Carroll Shelby
I've checked it out, and damn it works great with Photoshop and AI, it's officially in the workflow. Time saver.
y'all come out Rio's Friday night for Mazerati vol.3 release party
Everything is going great! Only three weeks left until graduation :)
five miles this morning along lovely lake michigan; this is the time of year when chicago can fool you... gorgeous weather!
Excellent news! Congrats!!!
ty gl hf tweet if you make any deep runs wheeee
I don't
Just tried pomegranate ketchup. Yummy
lol I understand. Is that a birthday gift from you to you?
Oh indeed! will be live from and we'll be doing our thing during gametime, so get there early 1p.
Everyone check out www.icraigery.com Please give me some suggestions on how to make it better!
If you would like to hear the 8 Core Orchestra Series for FREE, @ reply and I'll send you a link to download the mp3s.
My co-worker just said, "I don't like barbecue."
bring me some lol
JK Rowling Steps Away from Harry Potter to Write 'Adult' Book - PopStop TV
Yuri said "Im sorry but 5 niggas in wifebeaters in a lil honda looks a tad bit homo" ...Lmao!!
MTV has "My super sweet 16" & "When I was 17." What's NEXT? "Officer, I swear she was 18!?"
haha u wished! Anything that doesnt involve money lol
thanks! You too!
yea but it didnt go down so i got to do it before practice tomorrow
they need a real qb
Please tell all that TryOuts is open to all 21 & up Fri Nov 20. $10 to get n and of course BYOB! dress code strictly enforced
Its so hard to fall asleep with so much shit going through your mind.
I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly.
hey soul sister
I would like Gotye more if his name were pronounced "gotcha" as I had assumed.
Tonight is the 7th annual Turkey and Friends Christmas dinner/ party!! Each year getting bigger and bigger. Happy Holidays.
Finally done :)
I knew what you meant!
nah, the problem is they're racing tires (my racing bike)--really light and fast but flat easily.
Major congratulations!!!!!!
Hahah, that was epic. At Canoe, right? And a good many drinks in. (Would quoting/acting this year be too much?)
Always salt it, always salt it ;p
I love and have lived him longer than soo
"To live a creative life we must lose our fear of being wrong." - Joseph Chilton Pearce
lol you ain't ever rode with me
Love you too, babee
I am cleaning it. -.-t unlike someone, but I got tired.
Goodbye Camp Quantico! Hello Annapolis Naval Academy! Headed to DC after!
THEN HE WAS ALL LIKE "HAHA! Everyone come see how funny I am!"
I'm glad you have something to look forward to, your life seemed so bland and pathetic up to now
Did you get a Tylenol answer?
love the hoodie. definitely you. ;-)
#Conan! Nuff Said (:
Oh, he didn't say anything about having someone else do it lol
lol, get fired up! RT : ITS GO TIME AMERICA
Thanks for all the comments :) look forward to meeting you sometime soon :)
hahahaha just kidding man!
I KNEW YOU WERE GOING TO MAKE IT. Anyways, deysi why you saying your thinking bout it? It's a yes! Lol jk. :p
Can't wait for Sunday Funday's at Bella Vita.
If AL GORE has a girlfriend she MUST BE the product of the LAST ICE-AGE triggered by GLOBAL WARMING
In first tired af
Apparently a party is going on all over America. while glad a Party is occurring on a Tuesday, we weren't invited. NotSo
My feelings exactly! I plan to do the same thing!
Q9 - R u going to the mall later?
Executive producers told Adele to lose weight, but she replied, 'I write music for the ears not the eyes.' That is why she is an idol.
Amen! RT #funfact I'm an Ordained Minister... so, if you're getting married give me a call!
About to announce the winner of the beanie....drum roll please
it's time to go home people
omg yay, text me!
thanks for the #FF mention!
You surely do! Is your name on here different than it used to be? How you been?
Good morning everyone. Have a terrific Friday!
tough call on best ever but you're prob right
Simon say's shut the hell up!!
the artist is The Game, the song is let me put you in the game. I just looked on YouTube and its not there. I'll look later.
I woke up at like five in the morning and Gotta Kick It Up was on.
so excited to see you!!
those are never real
#AllHailAle No.19 (APA) racking to secondary; No.20 (American Amber) in the mash awaiting our first effort at repitching yeast. Toes crossed
...waait...where do i go now?
Is the "I -heart- Aurora" page still up at Case somewhere? Those were some good, nutty messages.
The ice cream truck parks for an extra few minutes at the Roland Ave. retirement home to give the old folks time to wander out.
Take out your sexual frustration on me. We're you at iam always ready for action.
Just read it. Sounds like fun! I will be watching for tweets that night from sec. 14, row W!!
um day drinking please
Word of the day: hornswoggle (v) - to swindle, cheat, hoodwink, or hoax.
got them! I'll send them to him asap!
#IWouldDoAnythingFor a friend...that has chocolate.
thank you. At the very end now, trying to dig deep and get it done. So appreciate the expression of confidence!
#Top10drupa No 5: You continually refer to the boat/hotel as home
from the estimators and never give it back. I told them I'm going to start. I can be the biggest bitch in the world.
I need people to text. Any takers?
Camera phone is broken! But there is plastic rod with attached filter placed right in the middle of the top.
in college really wanted to study Nuclear Bishion, but he was too #Bishious on the field.
Commission will break and be back at 6:35.
you killed Sylvia, you took her life away and didn't think twice about it.. we are putting on facebook, websites, youkilledher
There is a story behind everyone, a reason to why they are how they are. So think about it before you judge someone....
mine are 14 and 11, you have a lot of amazing moments ahead of you two...
I'd talk about my acting career. Or what ever I want!!
Follow me?(: xx
Mothers Day In The U.S Is Tomorrow! Make Sure You Get/Make Your Mom Something Nice And Show Her How Much You Love Her Tomorrow! (: xx
Some bit9 responsible disclosure drama in whitelisting talk. Vendors, don't hijack talks. Take it offline.
Phil Collins will be the #Steelers motavational speaker? hm.. okay.
Stop using YOLO as an excuse to act stupid.
TJ Maxx now open in Eastlake! Retweet before Sun 8/14 & enter to win $50 gift card from South Bay Expressway
we just love our cats don't we?
so good.
Treated myself to a mani & pedi ...so relaxed now
Ice cream bars. “: Are there any good bars to cry alone in?”
Nominated songwriter of the year Eric Drane of Naked Like Adam has a new song. <U+FFFD>A Little More Time<U+FFFD> will be released in about 72 hours!...
I only travel in chic re-purposed army bags
I agree
I love Beltre
we are still looking into making San Jose in June. We'll know by this week.
I'm becoming physically exhausted just watching Warrior.
I'm from #Portland #Oregon.. of course I'd live in a pyramid.
I'll throw corrosive acid in the face of anyone who casually glaces at my computer screen while passing my cubicle.
Hi Madison!!! <3
That explains a lot of your tweets. :P
absolutely....having a meeting with Josh this week about it....thank u very much....
#2 - Acess to quality education. Now, you guys are getting double portions here. Me, too. For each one of us, there were 2,000+ who didn't.
I agree!
Al these guys tryna act like theyrr studs.
You'll never learn..
Headed to the stadium for our semi-final game!
I think your health is the most important thing. So many people have diabetes, high blood pressure, etc.
Someone needs to explain how my bartender's rack is physically possible.
Today is my B-Day May 14th
Ready to watch #CNNHeroes. So inspiring.
People don't show true love anymore it all about self in marriage relationships daily living family values are out the window
hope someone got that speech on video, or at least a transcript
looking forward to 4As Annual #transformLA conference Monday - just a few miles from HQ
I just ate white castle. YUM!
#4famouswords -- save it for later.
#TwitterBlackout is the new
Winner picked! RT : We picked a winner for the giveaway!! Stay tuned! Winner announced tomorrow!!
I HATE when someone comes in my room, leaves, and doesn't COMPLETELY shut the mf door!! >.<
Private party show this Saturday...Jerry interview on Class X Radio next Tuesday...Kill Devil Hill show next Saturday
How much you want ?
the screen can def be replaced. Cost is around $100 - $150 depending on how deep the crack / break is. 1 day turn around.
is it because you're dressed up as something? or because you're not dressed up as something?
right fam just #atmeordapme tho! I was actually looking for her twitter to @ her nutass! LoL
GO CAPS!!! Where in Arlington are you watching the game??
Courage is Fear Holding On a Minute Longer ~Anonymous
well what was it...?
Reggie Leach~ Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
What an incredible playoff game. #49ers deserve it. 36-32 over the
Listen, Larry [MacPhail], don't let anybody bring any racing forms around the Yankee Club because it will not be good. [1945]
a pleasure!
I could go for a duet with Cee-Lo Green.
Happy Valentine's Day Everyone!
Wait until you're on tour in Mexico RT : I will never purchase bottled water. Dumbest invention ever.
Renovations have been postponed until further notice.
I'm hungry
And, every 20 seconds some politician lies, and some corporation earns enough money to almost INSTANTLY solve the pr
I understand y Royce stay the hell away
im cooler :D
I'm gonna follow Viola back . It's been damn near two years lol .
Giants pulled it out, let's hope the Yanks do the same!
Be the change, love the unloved, give when there is a need, write to the ones you want to reach & above all.....make a difference!
#PeopleNeedToStop talking about fight club. Am i right AM I RIGHT<U+203D>
good layed back night guess u could say, just wish kinda had somone to spend it with.. getting some shut eye see whats in store for tomorrow
THE BEATLES: THE HELP!
what u on later bro?
How long before the word Zimmerman goes in the thesaurus as a synonym for moron?
What on earth did I tweet that resulted in a spate of Walmart giftcard spam? Go away, Spammers!
yeaah but I tried to update the app but then it won't even let me on twitter .
I'm sorry about your experience. I'm sure you'll be able to turn it into an experience that you'll grow from. Stay positive. ;)
Change of heart..im trimming and keeping it haha
A cuddle house simulates the close proximity of the areas between the rocks of a cliff.He feels secure in it,Happy Bird:)
It's a good feeling! :o)
Often, we fall in love with the most unexpected person, at the most unexpected time.
you are so inspirational. Hope u c this tweet.:)
I'm sure I can arrange something. Besides, it's in Baltimore next year. You're close. You have no excuse. neener neener
Neat. When was it published?
Wish my subconscious would come up with a less hackneyed dream metaphor than the long scary uphill road. I get it already.
RT : I am loving the spicy beet and ramp salad from today.
will you be at the football spring game?
#maltonikesb is awesome!
I am irrationally excited about having time to take a nap before work today.
Wherever there is work to be done, there is opportunity. And there is always work to be done.
Vista Print and GoDaddy are ABSOLUTELY OBNOXIOUS with the up-sells while in the buy flow. Makes we want to
RT : I heard that April is Wear a Hijab in Solidarity Month. Is this just in San Diego?
Thanks to all of u who reached out to me. My day IS a little better thanks to U!!
Yogurtland was easily the best decision of the night.
Any web developers interested in picking up some side work? I'm just looking for help with XHTML/CSS. MODx experience always a plus!
That's quite an interesting talent! haha
Do you love this shit? Are you high right now? Do you ever get nervous? Are you single?
yes he did.twat.
Think I'll just play this wobble board.
Damn, I'm ready for some NBA basketball. I've missed you.
Niggas be claiming they only fuck with bad bitches but they girlfriends be looking mediocre.
Tomorrow newspapers in south central Indiana are running a strong piece on 9 yr old Ally Pemberton (FB). She's worthy of support! - JDG
Enjoy, and may the force be with you.
Heading 2 . for 2011 conference. SecState Clinton kicks off incredible lineup of speakers! . Follow me for live tweets 2day.
Police looking for man who held up a gas station in Norwood with a machete. Story at 5:30.
and and and... how can a girl choose?!?
Bittersweet and The Alchemy of Forever are on PulseIt! Maybe I'll read those this weekend!
Pulled BBQ in the crock pot Cold beer in the fridge, Off of work at 3
if you like ugly meter, you will love ScanMan when it comes out in a month!
we met a couple times at bby. I see ur at aapl now. I came over as a leader a couple months ago. Would love to connect.
great LJ review attached to that record, btw.
Wonderful! So glad you're enjoying #cni11f. Thx for the tweet!
I'm ready for a new era in sandwich making.
Perk to living with guy roommates: hey Kelsey, do you want to see the Avengers? Me: um, yeah. Duh'.
Is in for the night !
A few weeks ago Adam was just really rude to one of the contestants. I'm like, totally uncalled for.
good day xP lol
RT "Bad libraries build collections. Good libraries build services. Great libraries build communities."
Thanks for the #FF ! Looking forward to your next upcoming novel!
Looking up new and exciting healthy recipes is also a good idea.
- wish I were in Ft Worth today.
I can't find my wallet 0.o.
Patience is a great skill to tame <=TECHNO=>
Double play!!!
"Compete Every Day" - on a 12y/o post-it from my Gramma when I was unsure about my path. That still reinforces my goals & successes today
CAPTAIN AMERICA was better this time around. Really enjoyed it. 3 out of 4 stars
#mla #s305 Sue Kim: we are definitely after pomo in lit studies, but strategies are embedded in every advertisement.
great site!
“: Tune Into MTV 2 @ 11am & 11pm and check out my interview on RT” filmed it!
Check out the Indiana Landmarks Monument Circle tour from 10-11 am tomorrow beginning at South Bend Chocolate Co. for free!
Tonight's the night. GO CARDS!
You must map social media objectives to business objectives
Culture + creativity + curiousity + abundant community = library!! Am so excited about this conference!!
Cocaine's a hell of drug
To know the road ahead, ask those coming back. Chinese Proverb
LMAO...exactly. That Johnny Most was freaking wizard when it came to calling a game.
It is. usually apple & cinnamonRT : Is this your choice of breakfast each morning?
Why would you want to call it #iPad HD? Makes it sound trashy. When the buzz word has been used in sunglasses, you know it's past its prime.
So glad I got checked out at 10 today. Cause I would've been so freaking bored.
did you time travel?
So I wasn't the only one who did that?! :D We should watch it one day and live-tweet about it!
that would be awsome!!!
I know Vincents wife Joni, use to live in their neighborhood, she's in good hands!!
your twitter looks so familiar omg
the light of consciousness on our own feelings and needs. Cynthia Harris
Using technology to leverage my social networks. How are you doing this?
Quote of the Day Happiness is like jam. You can't spread even a little without getting some on yourself!
Congrats on graduation. Also, read the other two books in the series.
#chid480f orality vs. literacy vs. digital "literacy" different habits of mind, do these technologies change the way you think?
I love you <3
Can't go anywhere without a phone. Someone should come visit me. :)
Thanks for coming in guys.It was great to meet you.We love what you are doing.Come on by anytime.Bring some friends
Next film screening at USC is "40 Days and 40 Nights" this Wednesday, March 21st at 7:30 PM in Leavey Auditorium (in the basement)!
I feel bad for the ladies that throw their life away for a guy. Smh.....sad.
ive been trying for over a month to contact you about yr cam. Whats a guy have to do to see you on cam?
Now that'd be an amazing show! What do you think the big surprise will be?
I have taken a big interest in the "Parenthood" show on NBC. Perhaps this is because I am now a parent.
exactly the same.. And I get up early to make breakfast for her :)
amazing show at the improv tonight! <3 love it(;
that bitch from miss dorritys class looks like a horse hahahaha and her bestfriend can suck it~
research quote of the day: “Gone are the days when earplug boxes were labeled ‘for swimmers and nervous women’” -barry traux
Ah, yes, , I knew you were traveling; was not sure if you arrived. Accompanied by Napoleanic brigade? I'll be at digital drop-in
when is a new BB coming out for Verizon?
OH OK SO YA TONGUE HURT YET
less talk more work....
Impressive & inspiring! :)
It WAS behind the couch. How did you know?
welcome back home. Comments or complaints let me know cab number or color. Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality.
We'd love to have you! RT - need some more great #Indy restaurants?
This is the most insane sporting event I've seen in a long time.
the answer is definitely Tebowing. I just know it!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen my mom has a better chance of dating harry styles, than me....
Crying while watching 1D concert videos because I have no life.
Random, but the word 'voodoo' has FOUR 'o's....that's way too much. Lol
Had to happen sooner or later. #DezBryant victim of wardrobe malfunction (followed by helpful replay). Need to tighten those drawers, Dez.
With 200,000+ hs girls playing soccer each year, miraculously all of the next Mia Hamm's will try out 4 our team according to their parents.
thank you!!
Those Calls Before Bed <U+2665> . Another Night W/O You Kills Me . Goodnight World <U+266C><U+2665>
Off from one studio to the next...now if only I was getting paid for this...
I don't know... maybe the sheer amount of uncommitted votes is clogging the system.
I was so ready to make a PB&J but there's no fucking bread! >:/
If you work out every day, make sure two days are low intensity to avoid injury.
what r u going for?
Just watched the new legend of korra assesstfguvdhizjifcj the feels!
Patio is open!!! The Belmont Tavern and Whiskey Bar patio is open for you afterwork and tonight. Cathedral Square's BEST afterwork bar!
What am I doing with my life.
More crashes in southeast Aurora. This one at Progress & Picadilly Road.
If you're not paying your girl any attention.. Then who is?
the technology is feasible! if NFC were in more handsets...
It is looking pretty nasty outside.
Did the money go through?
well if it insists on being sandal weather then i insist on getting a pedicure. and ice cream for my sore throat. :)
begins its annual meeting today in Baltimore
I want sugar and cinnamon on it!!!!
O wee, finally warm enough to pull out the shorty shorts for a #run ..cover ur eyes folks.
So I guess Jennifer Egan gets to enjoy being the most recent Pulitzer Prize for two years in a row.
Did you see the #2pac hologram performance at Coachella??? All I have to say is, very very very very very interesting. #2pacBack?
theres no canceling, I'd like that expensive european beer at novare
South Dakota just sounds boring as hell.
I get off at 9, why what's up?
A healthy attitude is contagious but don't wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier. -Anonymous
Working through the weekend with the worst cold I've ever had and the worst eurotrash I've ever heard. fml
Best person to talk to would be Alison Jung….619-702-8275. Let her know you were directed to her via Twitter.
IT IS A BEDTIME. NOT CURFEW. JOY DOES NOT HAVE A CURFEW.
RT - New England Patriots all day!!!!
RCA Victor trying to name pocket radio: Nip, Pockette, Pick pocket, Pocketeer, Tom Thumb, Pup, Stowaway, Tabloid, Nipperette, Minirad
just found me here. my life is complete. :-)
I have a damn good time when we are together <3
don't belive that Kony organization shit,it's another way for the government to make money, why do you need 10,000 ppl to find on person?
also, sry I told to ask you what BBC stands for. I just felt like directing her to you & I was feeling lazy :P haha
seriously - it was appalling. Even Billy Dyer would have been disgusted.
So relieved to have our presentation out of the way! We had a good crowd & comments. We were nervous, but I think (hope) it went well.
sorry, just posted, thought I had alrdy!
Just bought #ItWillRain what an awesome song. Thank you Bruno. It was well worth the wait.
man u don't understand
I'll use to share my progress during the Nationwide Insurance Columbus 1/2 Marathon on Oct. 16
I think Ted Thompson & the #Packers got exactly who they wanted with Nick Perry at 28. I'm very pleased with the pick. Welcome to the Pack
Thanks so much for the RT tonight!!
OOPS! Univ. of Iowa student was charged with possessing a stolen ID. The ID belonged to the bouncer working the door.
Dear Past: Thank you for your lessons.'Dear Future: I'm ready'. Dear God: Thank you for another chance.
Ewwwww somebody on this train smells like cigarette smoke.
90%of the people in my contact list don't evenlive in Florida.The other 10% is basically family and Julie >_>someonehangoutwithme
If you haven't followed , do it now please because I love all of her tweets! Shes great!
when you know you have things to get done in this world you have to push through your fear and do them
cant now. I can if its early. we committed to go to another friends place for a cookout... what time were you thinking?
Anybody want to help with a for the Central Texas Fires? Feel free to ping me via Twitter or email.
I did battle with ignorance today, and ignorance won.
you know it's true!
#PRSMS speaker from talked about Grateful Dead original band name. Answer please ?
We'll still be playing with them Saturday at Asylum skate park. See you there! And don't forget at the Rave Nov 4th!
I think I'd enjoy work more if *every* day included a Bill Frisell concert at 4PM. Still, I'll take what I can get. NP: Frisell 858 Quartet
PS by "or have someone else do it" I simply meant I know you're swamped.Any credible update would have been ok. Thx 4 replying
Listening to Kris Boyd on Talk Timbers podcast. I'm convinced he speaks not a language of this earth...
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!5
fuckin school lunch!
So says "I want a talk show again" We'd love to see it!!!
you can't deactivate from you iPod.
Definitely shouldn't have gone out for drinks and karaoke tonight. Ug. Lol
nice?? Hm ... Must be some sort of Santa reference ...
Pretty sure klout tracks that. "I got a +1 in Knocked Up by Fertility God from Klout!" (yeah, not really, folks.)
Where are you when I need you? I'm missing you... Just wanna share pillows and blankets with a cuddle.
Ok coffee...things are looking up! On to Little Rock. Hope the and roadtrip is going good.
More rappers should come out with their own liqueur. It's a great concept.
How awesome is this!!!
#netflix, you broke my heart.
I have one more comp at the door lol
Email from presidential campaign with subject line, "Hey." Why not go all-out Althusser and make it, "Hey, you there (hé, vous)."
remote -great tribute to Frank
That awkward moment when your talking to your lover in the hospital room where your dead husband is coming back to life.
Let me see what I can do. I'll get back with ya.
as a non-native speaker of English, I am very curious about the difference between "bullshit" and "horseshit" you use often
Blastin real or fake on repeat shit goes hard
Working on a song for the ep... Also have big huge plans for this year!!! New merch and stuff everyone will be pleased :)
so good! Like him on www.facebook.com/zakdowntown and let's spread the word!
Good Morning (: have a great day!
Is the movie any good? i wanted to see it but havent got around to it yet
Soup? Dunno.... did you check uranus?
I appreciate aggression
bitch im blonde , not dumb ;D & ikr a day apart i feel like its ben a month.
Donna Karan was gorgeous; off the runway one guest wore those insanely chic Prada swirly shades RT : Can't wait to see fab looks!
thanks for coming to join us!
thanks! :D
Cotton is looking a bit too sharp Floyd needs to pick it up!
Best taco truck in the city right out our work window. Thank you
some people need more than a prayer
2NITE The Get Back @ Beauty Bar! Funky Soul Dance Party! 10pm! Happy Hour 6-9 pm, 2 for 1 drinks!
#WhenAustin says "I love you" at the end of his Mistletoe cover <3
something new and you'll b fine
“: Justin who”Jenkins He grad today for 345
Happy to help run the #ACCELERATE retweet contest. Congrats !
wohoo heading home soon :)
Just believe in yourself and work hard, no matter what obstacles or hardships come in your way
Maybe a little 'Dont Go Breaking My Heart'? Kiki Dee and Elton John? No?
DVR Alert: Wanna know how to belt out tunes in style? Catch singing in his rad Canadian Tuxedo 2nite on
Family Guy<3
practice at 6am
hangout with me this weekend
Snow is god's way of punishing old people.
What to do
Yes, yes and YES. Look at 80s games. Embracing the most ludicrous ideas is genius...
Exciting news SweetCakesCo will be launching our site this evening, stay tuned.....first round launch, there will be adding & editing.
Pickup Line: I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then move up to your belly button.
cos I got a couple of other friends parties to attend.
yes, it comes with it if you purchased it from BodyBugg.
same here, for sure!
"Banner Day for a Banner Saints Season"... Is almost a GO! VERY last minute order going in at 1PM! Surprise the Saints!
#Isles starters: Nabokov in net, Hamonic and MacDonald on D and a line of Tavares, Okposo and Moulson
Saturday, October 27, 2012. Attendance not required to enter sauce, but you can come & have a booth for more exposure!
Hope the honey badger shows out tonight... God my hatred for alabama is beautiful
Oh Boshy. Get better LeBron and Wade will handle the Pacers.
No, Haley. But I have wondered what the heck are they eating? I saw a guy eating spaghetti once!
Looking to advertise? We print 11 Resource Guides across Indiana that have info on AD & local resources.Call 800-272-3900 for rates/info.
You're way over qualified. But for you, I'd write a fab recommendation.
Fruit wat up. I know ppl gone ask y dat name but they'll neva kno
Double-Sided Tape is suitable for sealing, cushioning, and gasketing. - ThomasNet Industrial News Room (press release)
Tonight's #GameofThrones proved what I always suspected; that George R. R. Martin is a 2 Fast 2 Furious fan!
This is making me sick
Count me in as one of the thrilled. Last thing we need is the
Needing a little pick-me-up right about now... coffee vs. chocolate. Hm
Lol she scared she might scratch my back... yep im doing my job
opening the API would kill their leverage over biz owners. There's also no process to confirm legit reviews. So weak.
line looks great! Landing in LV for can we move NY here?
Hear the hottest Dade county music @ www.305movement.com
OR WHAT NOT
Appreciate all the love I'm not saying I'm the best but with the right tools I will be one of the greatest! I was born to do this! God bless
being better
The Sixers win their first Boston game since Game 7 of the 1982 Eastern Conference Finals.
yeah, i think i'd take the money from an angel investor.
This albatross is killing my costume for tomorrow.
RIP Donna Summer
This dress makes me look stout.
I was the same. I did some improv in college, but it had been a little while. The rust is shaking off & classes have been fun
One day my bio will say ' followed on _/_/_ it was the best day ever.'
Have fun and tell all the #caprsa friends, "Hi!"
: is right. Metal is for pussies. Big D will ruin your shit with a stick.
I feel sick to my stomach.
um on yo trail follow back appreciated!!!...r doz yo real breasts???
I was following until I found out he was a Laker Girl
Absence is one of the most useful ingredients of family life, and to do it rightly is an art like any other.
Too bad I'll miss your tweets. For selfish reasons, I hope you don't win.
#Np andre n andre (screwed)
Check it out www.slicesoflifemovie.com
He woke up. Had to be taken out with a cart.
wow! I have just decided to start doing that same thing. Any tips?
Follow me Bailey please please please! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> I love you &im a big #RNGeezies (:
Our Traditional class had blckbrd & chalk 4 students today their traditional class will have #tech +live ppl
What is going on ?
Having fun @ #whotel hollywood. Pool party, #drais, & awesome food. This is what I miss about LA. The weather is prefect. Breakfast time.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3
Dusseldorf, another joke yoyo German club that have done nothing since you were in diapers and we all know how long ago that was.
Just spent the last hour editing and compiling various video clips of my cats. Really, Rene?! Really??
What better way to spend the day of love than by taking a pathology exam & cramming for another in biomechanics <3 School, you have my life.
: Yes, EVERYONE uses the term so the true meaning has been tarnished (as the term is now a catch all). Don't like @ all...
Doing very well, busy. Trying to build up my Followers - most are still from
But don't worry, no hard feelings <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Crimping my hair with olive
And I know it's not all that important, and possibly a little sad I noticed, but would it have been /that/ hard just to look it up?
What should happen to BIG BEN? Big Ben “might” be a sexual predator of the worst kind and if he is it is very likely that he will
RT : We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are. — The Talmud
I had a poopoo plater today literally
Good Morning and Happy Friday Everyone!
Welcome to #RVA Twitter! RT : We're new, too! Excited to join the community on Twitter. RT is new to Twitter.
who's the guy in the picture you keep showing on the lower right hand side?
But perfectionism is also dangerous, though differently so.
Check out Trotsky & Hutch at the #FringeTO - completely improvised hilarity for those who wish their heads were giant oranges.
no sorry):
Possible snow it November?? Love it!!
Not everybody can say they 30 #NoKids in Milwaukee ....
Okay, for some reason, the phrase "he played this song" immediately puts me in mind of "La Mer" ... and the last 10 mins of "Tinker Tailor"
great opportunites .. are you open to other areas outside of the Atlanta area?
Was trying to represent here on the left coast, but doing that now would make me the target of cruel & justified mockery :)
Or I should say... How are they working around any legal implications this has? Or are there any?
friggin' awesome, right?
District lounge brunch party this Saturday from 3 pm to 8 pm
u know how u say CDR in some of ur songs at the beginning, what does it stand for?
Mike Myers lookin ass!!
I said I could if I wanted. gee, you cant read ? harsh.
#GordonRamsey 's gonna make me stop eating out! #KitchenNightmares 2nite is a culinary nightmare but Gordon's gonna get these Queens right!
she ha her bf text me LOL
we like it when you call us
MusicNOW tonight. 7pm. Mouse on Mars. And a score to Un Chien Andalou: slicing up eyeballs, I want you to know.
I thought of another orange food - peaches!
we pull em then we pass em
Lots of everything is crap. Lots of peer-reviewed monographs too, yes? So vigilance towards EVERYTHING.
Is it better to burn out or to fade away?discuss-m
I just discovered coconut milk. It's so good in smoothies and coffee too. Have you tried cooking with coconut oil?
yea I do whatcha say! but I'm not gonna wait till 60. Ha
wonder if would find room in the budget for that? Oh wait she doesn't pay attention to voters, nevermind.
Thank you, Kevin!
much needed!!! Thanx guys!
Haven't seen this much Red since That 70's Show.
Writer's Block :'( uuugghh!
If happy ever afters did exist, I would still be holding you like this.
I hate when you get more favorites tweets than retweets.
follow me back please
Our contest for the most creative Headcheese recipe is still on. Email with your best idea-win some of our pate!
we never talk to each other anymore!
NFL DRAFT ALL THE THINGS
Time for afternoon wrkout then off to wrk a good day so far
Taylors on my feet!
8-2-92 coincidentally, 19 years ago, Ron Simmons became the "first" black world champion beating Vader for the WCW title.
Today is not looking like its going in my favor...I'm tired as heck
Alil sick but I'm good just woke up from a nap I feel alil better kinda hungry thou
I been eatn steaks all my life! As babies y'all monkey asses was suckin/grabbn ya mamas titties I was suckn/grabbin A1 sauce
You are welcome! Hope you are having a great day!
Ugh, why did they have to tell me no work today AFTER I drank 3 cups of coffee?!?!?! I just wanna go back to sleep until later!!
and I've lived in brazil so I know what I'm talking about
When I was a kid .net magazine wasn't no $16.
Home sick when the management company is doing something to the "facade" of the building. Involving jackhammers.
We are Scientist, Macy Gray, Bad Brains, & 14 other bands In houston this saturday! go to www.GhoulsFest.com 4 tickets. gonna be the shit!
Lets hang out and you should steal your moms phone so we can take IG phoe toes.
Legs are still killer sore from weekend workout. How's your New Year's training going?
yea :) u can put a pic of shawty mane for the back ground. lol
Back to reality tomorrow. Memorize, rehearse, memorize, rehearse, memorize rehearse, oh yeah....and eat and sleep.....and do "the other" job
such a great morning - enjoyed the rich conversations, the flow of ideas, and of course, the TimTams!
I can't help but smile when Cody says, "hey. I heard you were looking for a gentleman. Is it cool if he's Australian too?" (:
Man run over by vehicle at Indiana & Candelaria. Hope that dirt bag was operating a fake twitter account
Edgardo Cambon's LaTiDo plays Cuban Son tonight presented by Urban Music. The real deal from very talented musicians.
#Kobe sucks RT Kobe shot 3-21 from the floor. His FG pct of 14.3% is his 3rd-worst in a game with 10+ FG attempts.
Educators, using YouTube in evaluating student performances? We're working on a tool to facilitate this and need your input.
i dm'd u check it
sex with fans d.c. followed by eminem
GRN hosted an amazing event last night at Grayhawk Golf Course with the Southwest Section PGA, GRN Agents, Golf Pros and Partners
Perry ask fans for style advice
I wonder!
We never could figure that out. Zombie Norris would've been good though.
sometimes it is the little words that have the huge impact. Thanks u will always b n my heart! n ty @ my Bh friends also!
Merry Christmas!
snitches get stitches.
I want snow!
dnt need a twitter to mention me
Nick rallies runner for Middlesbrough 5k
thanks for helping spread the word!
Guys don't fret about your age, women love older men! You're more stable, experienced & more committed - so don't be shy! Just ask her out!
is it going to be cancelled?
I bet it did!! How precious
UK looks awful. Our fans in the lower arena suck. Davis is out. Ole Miss hitting everything. I'm aggravated.
ChuckSigars.com is circling the nation reconnecting our college theater tribe. I think it's a hard job. His heart is big. And pretty.
Maybe it was something more like sarcasm. My mistake.
Like, permanently closed?
I tried to watch Inception, but fell asleep. Or did I?
Crazy day...
wonder what she wanted
You just got to get out there an mingle. Also following more people would probably help. And tweeting more regularly! #love ya
The sun is shining Chicago! Spring is around the corner. Woo hoo!
I love sushi!!!
really sorry to hear that buddy hope you and the family are hanging in there.
I guess I'm head to Starbucks to get the rest of my presentation done.!
My 250th Tweet! GO HAWKS!
Sorry GUYS I just noticed that my Twitter Account is on robot mode. I didn't make most of these tweets CRAZY!
lmao I'm sure you will! haha love ya Chris ;)
I keep finding myself watching when my husband isn't around and I don't change it!
New students get a free classes for one week.
I'm very cynical this eve. Fair warning...
great center split knife throw expert shot hitting stuff to small to see - golf tees personalized
We appreciate you following Poised Creation Miami!
#Ihateitwhen Im in the essay writing zone in dead silence, when the light bulb burns out scaring the shit out of me and I scream like I'm 4.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
number 18 :)x
Love when the office doorman tells me to 'behave myself' hahaha
“: God damn that's a lucky ass bitch.” Mac's a boss :D
RT : <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>Too many Urkels on ur team, that's y ur Winslow (Winds Low)<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> << *Win's Low
While earning your daily bread, be sure you share a slice with those less fortunate.
sweet. It doesn't change the fact that I love it when he steals a base.
will you be back in baseball next year
After a 3-year pay freeze, SD County transportation agency to discuss merit and "equity" raises on Friday. Story Thurs.
I still don't buy that being really geeky is considered cool. Ask a "cool geek" to a Miyazaki film. Watch them scoff
#Espy's tonight!
I finish this year. I should find a way to get my foot in the door, because I think #D.C. could use some JP politics
41°F - warm enough to run outside! #perfectstudybreak this afternoon
Ah, much more clear, and I agree. Though that use of "media" can be misleading
Albuquerque Youth Symphony Program will hold its annual Playathon at Cottonwood Mall, 10,000 Coors Bypass NW – Center Court – on Saturday
you are welcome to stop by anytime!
nope you shouldnt...it's not even worth it I feel like <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Nothing Mrs EMD..yesterday was my last day so I can't see your every move anymore :/
In NYC @ the 57th St F train stop & thinking of Mike Doughty's "Thank You Lord For Sending Me the F Train." Sad that it can't take me home.
I'll be your neighbor by then, can we go to the midnight premiere?! #pshaveyouheardtswiftsnewhungergamessong?!
#ChileIsWaitingForYouAustin i love you
Guys, if you drink whiskey in the strip club you got balls, if you drink wine you gotta pussy and deserve to loose all your money!
RT : Power attracts people that control money
done thanks :D
Inspect #SPDY Sessions in Chrome - chrome://net-internals/#events&q=type:SPDY_SESSION%20is:active
“: David Tennant's voice gives my ears an orgasm. Somehow I don't think I'm the first person to say that. #hotscots”
I LOVE feeling this way<3
“: If ya a dream chaser keep on chasing!!”
The weekend is ALMOST here! Have you made plans already?
Almost all gigs sold out ! Would love to be home in Dublin for celebrations, surprise guests & the Guinness!
RT : May is for miracles and here we are almost at the end of May. Love to hear your miracle stories! What were you part...
MT SF Superior spokeswoman says half the local bench will show for a court-funding rally today @ noon. MANY speakers.
Yay, Jersey Shore Marathon! (:
How can anyone have a bad day when Anamanaguchi exists?
I think they've changed it!
#dogperson for sure
This panda artificial insemination live-tweet is fascinating
Not bad, thanks. And you?
“: Are you a CVS person or a Walgreens person?” CVS... Walgreens doesn't sell booze
CALIXTRO Calixtro is a freelance design studio. Online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
#SinceImBeingHonest I try so hard and go through all this pain. Yet it seems like it doesn't work. I still keep trying , even if it hurts.
Can't wait to place my Kentucky Derby bets! Let the studying begin.
Suggestion for Palm: Provide a 24-hour "return policy" for all paid apps much like Android offers.
My first round pick is Mel Kiper's hair.
#NorthKorea rocket launch
Tickets still available for Jason Aldean w/ Luke Bryan and Lauren Alaina at John Paul Jones Arena in Charlottesville, VA on March 23rd
What is it called when your downtime is just working a little more leisurely?
Im The iDgaf Type !
A teachers smile is worth riches to a struggling student-Marylyn Appelbaum
Agreed Thelma & Marty's "marriage" in Hollywood is the most successful one
Tired of thinking
Pulling up carpet gross. Cleaning a house pretty nasty. && doing it by myself, horrible.
Finally got them down to $29/mo, but since I don't have a connex to begin w/they weren't playing with install fee
+1 RT : I love seeing #Tildes4Sarcasm happen. It's ok that it's just my friends who do it. #HappyMaker. cc:
I never stop thinking about you.
You too!
I could be your girlfriend until the worlds ends.
you also love.
I'm celebrating for you.
Annual Conference Offering--Brazil:$100,000 teacher materials for Shade & Fresh Water & other children’s centers of Brazil Methodist Church
Not too much. Just living the dream. Any interesting beer related happenings on the horizon for you?
My time as an outlaw is nearly over. I'm getting my car inspected today.
Fuck Bitches, Get Money $$$$$
he's snoring
Crazy #googlesearch that drove traffic to my blog in April: "who was Paul Alexander?" I'm not dead yet...I think I'll go for a walk
Indiana promoters and booking agents. We're looking to book a few dates in June . Email for booking at RT!
yeah dude. The mwc still sucks dick
i will kill u now girl hahahaha #justkidd girl
Dear Customer Service: First of all, you should know that Im typing this with my middle finger.
Thank you for the follow! We look forward to seeing you.
There were so many people out front of the polling site I thought I was walking into an abortion clinic. Challenge MY vote Mutha-Fucker!
Can't believe I haven't heard name of Yankee yet who hit the ball Rivera was shagging. Instant trivia lore there. The new Yankee Bartman.
You do you and I will do me fo sho I will stay being alright...
o shit!!!!!!!!! lady havic in dis bitch with me
and --Thanks for the follows!
yeah? Jealous much?(;
If I am following u follow me back or I am gonna unfollow YOU
i finally got Under The Mistletoe & i love it! My favorite song is All I Want Is You!(: #MuchLove!
"Truth exists... Only lies have to be invented."
Whoever the Ted Nugent of the left is, he's probably already in jail.
yeah I'll teach you.... only if you teach me how to dance to bachata.
Isaiah scares me. Really really bad.
Lunch was a lame ass salad...but then saved the day by offering me a Mac N Cheese Ball from !
A picture is worth a thousand words, but only one is need to describe pics of you... Gorgeous.
that's hard to find
Fried clams and beer sounds like a great meal.
First 3 people to give us a short video testimony win $60 GC to our online store see our FB for details www.facebook.com/LVHCG
Long naps after school >>>>>
your own tongue...:)
#TurnToYou IS AMAZING! good job!
I can't wait to time travel.
For those lucky enough to break away the moment comes when they cease being bodies&control their own time&learn their own voice. THWhite
I love you!!!! One direction > anything else (: I hope you read this! Tweet back please!!! xoxo <3 p.s. you're amazing!!!!!!!!
I can't send tweets. Get this message: Sorry! We did something wrong. Try sending your Tweet again in a minute.
Hey everyone! :]
Happy 1st of May! I'm curious - what events or campaigns does your organization have going on this month? Would love to hear 'em!
Consider following - he's the VP of client services for
<--- tweets greater than anything ever in life which is due to her brain which uses 3% more than the rest of ours
dunno miss duke x
My nose kinda look like maywheather nose #Lowkey lol... I got Hands likem 2 !! But Imma peaceful young man.
This whole day of flwing and has given me the itch Who's w/me ?? & dare I say
There's a time limit for computer use?
Karaoke has had a variety already... Evanescence, Jim Croce, and Megadeth. Oh wow!
Thank you sir & thanks for reading. Enjoying your sites.
I thoroughly enjoy reading all the ways #MCA influenced people's lives. Just wish I wasn't hearing them for such a sad reason.
Tried catching a softball w/ my hand, instead of my glove. Good thing, I caught the ball & made the out.
Thanks to all who visited today's pop-up shop and skillshare. We hosted visitors from Washington, D.C. and Paris, as well as local friends.
The people on #heavy need more time to become less heavy. When you're 400 lbs, 6 months of weight loss only makes a dent.
I think you have to use a Chrome extension, like Join Windows.
I KNOW. Me too
And hot dogs, fried chicken & Whoppers...RT : 70% of Americans say when they want pizza, they don't care if it's healthy or not.
get better soon!
did yu just call me a bitch!!!?? *walks away* gad, she's psycho
I can't even sleep fuuuuuuck too much on my mind
Actually, I was doing some research on #congac and read that fact from eek! Hi!
Congrats on your Moneybomb, with that kind of money you should be able to get a better looking wife by noon!
can't wait to hear it
Any day now... getting a little antsy!
Friday of finals week. How many of you are going to spend the weekend in the library? I'll be here!
Congratulations to member Junesoo Ham for booking a webisode!
mysteries solved by a publicist? Have I been missing out on a lucrative side gig?
is this legit?
Hypothetical, the success of The Avengers means one of these gets greenlit for #Whedon, Avengers 2 or Serenity 2, which do you prefer?
can't make you love me, want me, or understand me. All I can do is hope that someday you will.
Train wreck.
Eshun likes where vagabondage wholeheartedly embodies its own royal raison d'etre; pimpin' the pomp!
cuz i never know when you working! I text you a lot..but no answer. So why call if you not even textin me back?!
Thanks for the plug.
oh lol, the twins, Susie, Gladys char Tati mara
Lmaaooo I'm Not Gone Yet! I Leave Monday At 11am Tho. Forreal This Time!
hey Steve, we were just there, and had a great show..enjoy the gold coast. If you can go to cairns.
listening to the live broadcast of the #sdmayor debate on , you should too! TV broadcast at 6pm tonight!
I'm sure your FB friends appreciate it. ; )
Wallace farms needs a dislike button
Happy new year everyone!<3
Thanks, and you do the same!
Hi {{{}}} Nice font design in your tweet! :) Yes, Love/Hate social networking indeed!!
Please go like Buckeyes 101 on fb! Just 15 away from 100!!
Good morning!
I will learn this eventually
$69 Divorce, Bankruptcy..Call now. Weekend special. Child support, corporations, wills, deeds, power of attorney. Call now. 727 474 9988
Our Minecraft Birthday Party - chocolate diamonds
good to meet you at
Because most honest people do not support terrorists. And people like you support the murder of innocent children. Sickening!
History shouldn't be forgotten, because it's HIS-story! God is like Twitter, Follow Him.
oh! I will go through my resources/ research tomorrow an share!
We are Brand New to Twitter...
That's not open for discussion haha.
I bet it sucks to be you right now <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B> .. #Beyonce on repeat all day
A HUGE thank you to the amazing neighbors of , Ridgely's Delight, Barre Circle. Pop Up success!
Didn't follow back
15k already?? Dang
not really, no.
oh no! anything I can do to help?
Try an Alder smoked Reindeer Sausage! Spicy is my fav
yes. Most holidays are covered but I want that ratio all year!
thanks for the follow!
#2000followers IF YOU FOLLOW ME RIGHT NOW I WILL FOLLOW EACH AND EVERYONE OF YOU BACK!1
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>S&M on the floor, I like it hardcore<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
In planning-way-too-far-ahead news, I might like a tattoo after the transplant. Over/near the scar maybe. Immunosuppression an issue though?
“: RT : Dont ever forget who the fuck was there since day one....”
I'm two of your 7 followers, gregory. How do u feel about that? What's Bentleys account? Let's get them some love.
Treat me right or your gone.
agree. I bet if this experiment was reproduced the results would be no different. Some stories are timeless.
I lost alot of followers..Okay then..
okhay:) nice talking to you.<3:)
“: Quitting school to become a basket weaver...#YOLO” heck yes.
RT : A panel of 22 MLB managers named CO Rockies Manager Jim Tracy the Sporting News' National League Manager of the Year
As Dora The Explorer would say, "Click on map! Click on map!" Go to "Find A Place" and click on map! Zoom in! Listings galore!
Wow! That's great! Big congrats!
I just thought you were going to play basketball.
Happiness a good bank account, a good cook and a good digestion.
and 30 secs later he lost.
see you there my friend.
Did anybody try on or purchase a #PostureShirt ? If so, how do you like it so far?
Who were your favs on the Oscar red carpet? LOVED Michelle Williams and Ellie Kemper. They were both perfection!
are you kidding me...which one did you get?
I just got rejected from giving blood because my pulse was too high :(
hey Skylay ever think of singing any tunes she is just awsome? know you would song awsome also.
"If things get any better, we may have to hire someone to help us enjoy it."
NICE! I can't wait to check it out!
Attitude is like your underwear; you must wear it, but never show it.
OMG YES PLEASE I WOULD LOVE TO LIVE IN UK ?;) and I like cold weather :)
#fml but ihop is so delicious
All I want for Christmas is you <3
Every great movement, whether found in social sector, political platform, or artistic mind, can only be sparked off by the fire within you
Man. This is why I wish I could play an instrument. So I didn't have to sing a-cappella all the time.
Praise to the Mothers who said yes to life within them! Forgiveness for those who terminated. Peace to the fathers who had no choice.
Horray for a day off tomorrow! time away from bikes.. maybe to finally RIDE MINE!? lets hope weather permits
well hi haha
Is Kyle Orton active?
i need your hair insight.. On what to do next! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Daily inspiration..."The only people with whom you should try to get even are those who have helped you" ~ anonymous
Watching Boy Meets World. I forgot how much I love this show! Too bad it only comes on at 6 in the morning.
Do you think twitter is old news for advertising- or is it just me?
om nom nom Introducing the APRIL SALAD: w/ mesculn, strawberries, mint, asparagus, feta, sunflower seeds, + balsamic vinaigrette.
Lov'in the TV Land Awards tonight. Great 2 c what these people are like now.
Yeah, as far as I know. Can't wait!
Summer hurry up and get here already!
#BendOR Listen to in-the-morning on to WIN $107 every morning between 6-10am. Tune in to FM 107.7
I hope my shoes is there when I get home
Our pleasure!
can't u here that boom and up and boom and up and bass
click on it to find out!
; you are the best.
do you guys have #DeschutesBrewery stoic beer on hand?
Get some sleep, we have work to do!!!!!!!!!
He on that new ish...that what it dew ish...that o I want that girl right there to be my boo ish :).
The school lunch is like prison food
When starting a new videogame, I wish there were a list online called "5 vague clues to point you to things you don't want to miss."
Why are whores called Hookers? Find out in GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle Free to Prime SEX, DRUGS & THE
Never give up on your dreams. You may hit a bump along the way, but don't let that stop u from succeeding. Be determined, have perseverance.
RT : & RT : Fox & CBS about to air #NFL special 9/11 presentation. Will air be4 all games & in stadiums
SPOT-A package of 50 includes 2 interpretation manuals priced at $250.00. After the initial order, $2.95-each with a minimum of 24
& my daughter a good laugh off me putting on my hooker boots..LOL
Getting close to the finish line!
Off duty officer at gas station tells me my tint is kinda dark. Me: lucky you're off. Ha!
someone was playing the harmonica downstairs at 1130pm. House rule: no harmonica after 10pm.
Which #WBC beer packs the biggest punch? First to answer w/the name & ABV % of the brew w/the highest alcohol content gets a free ticket.
wanna cuddle;)
I.can't.feel.my.feet.
M, I love Hodad's! Did you enjoy it?
I say im gonna get all for you.<U+E022>
i hope soo too :)
damn son, only 50 k?
Watched an amazing movie. Some classics will never go out of fashion.
Snow tomorrow makes me sad. #wisn12 how do you feel? hopefully everyone drives and I don't need the snow blower
shhh. baby don't speak.
um no, definitely not wrong there. Just calm it down Rose! You'll be fine! :D
wanna send me 100 words about it?
Party Party Party let's all get wasted
Devin Hester is without a doubt the most feared player in the NFL!!!
Finally did my Bio, I put you losers in it though lol
Always thankful when I can work my way through ticket counter lines and security lines
Thanksgiving #wine tasting 11.11.11 6-8pm. Many wines to make you meal a tasty one. 304 Liberty St. Morris, 60450
y'all THREW DOWN tonight!!! Love you guys, it was AMAZING <333
When you brake up with somebody why they don't know how to leave you alone and stop calling ya phone...ugh crazy people..(*_*)
There is no substitute for hard work. -Thomas Edison
Dammnit..hooked to another spanish novela (or two)
good morning to you as well!!
yo Chelsea cant win..if dem win mi stop watch football... hst
Smith People don't understand that you can earn more with a certificate in engineering than a BA in teaching.
We wrote a song for enlisted spouses called "God Bless My Man" free@ www.harkerwolfley.com what do you think?
Im mad my mom made me walk home to wash some dishes.. washed the dishes ate a cupcake and left
I'll be , too. Should be fun.
When you take a long shower and your feet hurt real bad afterwards <<<<
Can't wait to grill and watch the game tonight!!!
Dream House with , tired & boredd, plans cancelled :/
it was simply spectacular. I think it's moved up to my favorite show. Great job to all!
Doctors of Chiropractic can be preventive care providers.
Not knowing is part of the adventure!
Social media break! Reading 's
nice to hear, the only part that makes me a little nervous is the supposed warm-up time
Baking cookies. for the YMCA for 2marrow. it's a kids overnight like a sleepover. should be fun?
You'll end up going again so I don't want to hear it :)
Thanks so much! That's singing with me. She's quite the songbird herself!
Thinking of as I tear through this bag of animal crackers.
I think the "how to be domestic goddess" takes the cake (pun alert!)
how does that even work?
Volunteering at my church's Open Door Dinner for the homeless.
Midwest Jerk!! I wouldn't pay you to write shit! Your bias is really showing in you bullshit articles!You have no idea about the SEC!!
CJones1027 RT Happy 236th Birthday to the United States Marine Corps! Thank you for your service!
haha I'm pretty sure you do (;
We're in!
Ha! I'm guessing most of us aren't reading it for its literary merits. ;) btw, congrats on your new marriage and new company
You should stay :) RT : Another beautiful day in Sydney! Love it here so much! <U+263A>
Yo Buss,Do you have a contact for producers?
COMING SOON: An undo button, ok ok we should have though of that first time round :) No one's perfect ...
Now Josh Vitters with a three-run double for Iowa. I-Cubs all over Fresno, 8-0 in 5th
Just hung my Israeli & Palestinian flags outside, side by side.
I bet Adrian Gonzalez has the softest, tightest little pussy in that Red Sox locker room.
Wow, you said good night to Twitter...
Are you shopping @ #Paradise Valley Mall today?
hey did u get my DM?
k thanks
I want to text you but if I have to text you first then it can wait until I'm more awake 0_0
So fuck you I'm not going now.
Wait, oh, let me see your phone Cause all them bitches is ratchet And let me get in my truck Cause all them’ bitches’ll catch it
SIP trunking service adoption growth driven by WAN strategy alignment
gents. It is awesome. I learned here and have been plowing through them...
no problem! And thanks dude! Check us out on Facebook and let us know what you think!
For a religion so opposed to Paganism, you sure stole a lot of our stuff!
Sucks. How long was it out?
that helps finance startups / co's that are premature for a bank LOC. Hope to connect soon! Enjoy the weekend :)
Beginning on 1/1/2010, you can also make your IRS tax payments via our low cost and secure touch-tone phone system at 1-888-9-PAY-TAX.
lol an my dad wonders y I locked it cause he doesn't knock
quiet down con. I can't hear u up here at the top
Very cute. My BFF has a Westie and I call her Little Miss Fancy Pants because she's so damn spoiled. Cute, but spoiled. :)
Chilling watching ESPN
Impressed with & am sure that he made a lot of girls' mornings... #player haha jk! he's a sweetheart & should never lose tht!
I'm really not sure what the Jets staff think they're accomplishing by talking up Tebow Are they dying for a QB controversy?
Thanks to and its members who are providing valuable support to youth.
KWoolsey: "old things, new ways (books to digital books)." "New things, new ways" is a qualitative change.
RT : GREAT endurance racing reference to this race by Mike Joy. Mike Joy haters can suck it. What a great announcer.
hmu on here for now until i get my phone back on
What do you guys prefer...Netflix or Hulu Plus?
Good Morning! A good painting to me has always been like a friend. It keeps me company, comforts and inspires. -Hedy Lamarr
im sending the phone back. The Net10 service is shit.
omg very hot and sexy underwear!!! I'll now do some shopping for new underwear!
most def. I'm soo behind on Kentology. Give me a shout whenever you're up.
Lots going on here in O-Town today ... Long day but lots of fun ;)
My chariot awaits....monday funday in a hyundai
My brother won't let my mom pay for his tux.. He's so stupid!!!
Yup. Definitely cologne. In the naked eyeball.
wow! “Between them, the Nike owned Jordan brand (70%) and Nike brand itself (25%) own 95% of the US basketball shoe market (via )”
do you play?
My Sisters Are Annoying -.-
>>> Hey my darlin's! Hope ya year started off amazing!
When will someone finally make a "Ken Burns' Baseball" - style mini-documentary comprised entirely of 's tweets?
yes! This summer I'm going all pink and coral, realized how fab it looks on me.
Ok maybe half will be good enough ... I just want kpop to be popular enough in america for a USA tour
Happy happy birthday my friend!!! We will celebrate Monday! Hmm, then maybe #pie after :-)
My 10,000 word a day #NanoWriMo weekends has started. Why did I let myself get so far behind? FML
I hope you have a wonderful week <U+2665>
:) Made my day better reading it this morning. Definitely puts things in perspective.
follow me rebecca? please :D
Drenched at the end
The first of the "Love in Any Language" heart products are now available in the shop!
sweet. Thanks!
": HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANGEL! :)" I love you ANGEL! Thank you!
"Another pleasant valley Sunday" 14 miles.
I just wish i Would Find A Girl that Would Give me a Shot
I miss you & I hate myself for it.
Ken Cuccinelli is threatening a possible lawsuit over the Dulles Rail Project's Phase II PLA debacle. Keep VA's right to work!
123 like a bird I sing cause you've given me the most beautiful set of wings .
If you are headed to Dallas anytime soon follow
I'm a proud mahomie :)
People are so immature now days. Night time is the worst time to mess with me..
I apologize for excessive tweets but I'm riding the struggle bus at this point folks..
I wish some of new fall shows were better: New Girl, Whitney, & Up All Night are not all that funny yet. Hope Zoey D. does not fail me.
Me and my mom are addicted to the show
still have time to hop on the farmville train - it's still undervalued :)
Yay time for school D,:
It's my Friday! Thankful for a busy day that will pass quickly then off to SC for a few days!
Dry socket? WTF!
Craving Ethiopian food. On the verge of calling up 's mom to request a dinner invite...Too ballsy? Eh.
Montana has not addressed whether epidemiological studies require a RR > 2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
Either or lol
You Ever Look @ somebody in the Summer and because of what they are wearing looks hot makes you feel even Hotter?
": Your hurting me ..... Isn't that what you didn't want ?"
RT : Thanks, Jed Horne, consultant for Obama's Oil Spill Commission for speaking with students visiting from
Yes!: sorry to have missed your Poggenpol event last night - will I see you ?
I just wanna be like say it to me..your little subtweets are unnecessary..ugh so annoyed
twitter fuck u
Like to be there. Do you have to sign up??
Reading Google Analytics' 'Attribution Playbook'. Lots can be learn about your #marketing/ #advertising effectiveness!
a year ago we beat Gar-Field 2gether by 50. We shall See if I've made a diff at all!
Lunch thank God! I need it right now lololol I think I've done a pretty good job on my math just 5pt deduction for being late... Whatever!
hahah (x your a retard you
I feel the Corvette has been neglected in Ads
And thanks
when was dis
Great to see u today! Do u have a source u can share for the "95% of companies don't respond..." stat? cc:
Waking up to thunderstorms makes Alex a happy camper. But now that the rain stopped it looks like Seattle outside. LIGHTNING! Nevermind :)
you're so very welcome! Glad you love it
Is Wade's first name supposed to be one or two syllables?
"Seven" is a triumph of art direction and makeup, dressed up with a Cliffs Notes grasp of Catholic theology. Cheesy fun.
We are here for you and your #junkcar #Portland. We have a selection of cars ready to trade in. Contact us today!
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN - RIHANNA <3
Every actor in "Dear John" must have graduated from the School of Whisper Acting
Are U nuts? 1st great start of season! Dude 3-IP in A last outing. Take this & own it, love it & be thankful 4 gods sake!
Soul Food Junkies Premiere! The Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture in Harlem, Saturday, June 23, 2012 via bryonhurt
and men.
Switching from a desktop machine to a notebook is a great way to save electricity.
- Keep up the great work from the sales team here at Network Solutions
Sitting in a building dating back to 1883, spittin' distance from the Tivoli...
And I would call that a successful podcast with no preperation. That's how we roll Mr.
I'm interested in your feedback re. 5. DM me and let's set up time to chat!
whats happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.
oh for real? Definitely let me know. Things are good out here :)
LoL, no running man but caramel pretzel pancakes (hers) were def involved. Her name is April. She's fantastic. Come see 4 yourself
beautiful blessings to you Jaq!
best of luck!
Thank YOU for the information and tolerance of my ignorance.
that's what's up.. Triple D all day!
you're already a math genius in disguise lol haha your welcome (: <3
unmmm I was way late on that joke
Liam Neeson is the new Nic Cage.
you'll be glad to know spoke highly of you..would love to meet for coffee/drinks soon
no! then i'll cry, fine ill bring nemo,lion king & monsters inc!
When are u doing another ustream or any video chat? i missed every single one :'c love u Dahvie (:
Yes. Yes we will. RT : No, coffee doesn't make itself, but if you go to they'll make it for you. LOL!
Cool! RT : Take a trip into the dark, surreal world of Roman Dirge in 2012 and help celebrate 20 years of Lenore!
what's BBw?
!!! Caught up in the magic of swordplay, didn't notice a bus was there? My worst nightmare.
Also for a music themed #FF: , and
Bruce Hoffman, Georgetown Univ: Terrorism is a violence of communication. Harnesses existing media.
hahahahaha...I read it...just checking in b4 turning in...early morning! and I retweeted...lol!
So the "down" ACC has the most Sweet 16 teams once again. #Goheels!
hahahaha well that explains it !
hahaha she's a heartless secretary!!
I don't want to send a long tweet very often, but when I do I wish deck.ly thing in Tweetdeck would work.
pretty sure my life would be made if you followed me on instagram lol
Give it your all so that it will be worth it all
Makeup Class..Done! Now it's time for some Grey's and hair dying!! :)
Ugh...darn you Century Link! Waiting for my Internet to come back....boo hoo.
you look like
Wait...my Mom has a Buick Regal...RT : Just won a street race against a Buick Regal. Got the jump on that old lady.
I know ! Texas is wherr it all begun he cant just leace like that ! Where do you live at ?
You're right. My bad. We are friends. Thank you so much for dinner. Was so nice to see you! Until next year or sooner...
was Mark on the 'Revenge' track at all? Love that song...
I've been talking to Robbi Sherwin. She's performing with her band Sababa in Worcester (MA) April 11.
Nalah went outside yellow and came back brown..she found a friend to play with -__-
I almost went to bed without setting my alarm... #thatwasacloseone!
" im so sick of being single" sit your ass down..
#Good1 RT : You know you're amazing when people you don't even know hate you.
Ahh, I'm hungry!
"cause when you're done with this world, you know the next is up to you"
where in Canada are you from?
COLLEGE GAME!!!!
Come on lets get cafe cielo in stores! You're killin' me over here ;)
Interesting school commute today. Saw a blow up doll sticking out of a sun roof drive by and a woman drinking box wine pushing her cart.
RT : RT : Hiring frenzy at Articulate! We're looking for a Front-end Web Developer. Check it out!...
Can All Time Low's new album come out already?
How many t-shirts do you have???
Our waking hours form the text of our lives, our dreams, the commentary.Anonymous
Yall are going down the 9th? RT : We got Dave &amp; Busters shot glasses for senior week lol
Felitti: Fixing things after they are already broken is a huge challenge. We need to do primary prevention.
#nowplaying Counting Crows - Anna Begins, going old school today!
Evelyn side kick ugly ass fuck.
love how the 21st perfect game in mlb history was throw againt my Ms today.. what a great way to start a season..
Sorry #Twitter I've been neglecting you for a while..
Semi-rhetorical, semi-investigatorial. (Full disclosure - OK, it's not real-life me that's blurry, but a photo of me...) :-)
Can't wait for #VeteransDay so I can register for #PatsRun 2013. Thanks for a great experience
Thank u to all the followers.
Looking forward to joining with to host a furry fun CALS study night w/ therapy dogs in Library this April.
RT : Tell me have you ever wanted someone so much, it hurts. -Lady Antebellum
98.5 % sure I passed by Alan Arkush after an interview.
Are you comfortable being my first? Those are a little harder to redesign later on.
yes indeed!
Snow in April is a real son of a bitch!
I got a couple Twitter accounts on my TweetDeck desktop app but when I try and link FB account too it just clocks?
#Pain that comes with discipline is temporary.#Pain that comes with compromise is permanent.
Justin,I've been trying to get you to follow me for almost a year!I wish my dream would come true!Every night I pray for it!:(
At most, vouchers appear to offer tepid improvement. For giant comparison of interventions, see Visible Learning (John Hattie).
hm lol. well I'm sure he'd win...so maybe next time :P
Storm will effect rural areas of Muhlenberg Co, KY. Quarter sized hail possible.
My first work related FaceTime call. Let's not do that again. I look like a goofus holding the phone at a pleasing angle.
Carey Mulligan singing New York, New York
You should try my "What's Up Doc" flip now featured on spring menu! Bluecoat gin, carrot/allspice, lime, allspice dram, egg white!
#TrevorMoranXFACTOR help trend it(:
You shush,<3
So my question is, lovely people, is the iPhone better than any Android phone? Also, is the 16GB a good size? Any help would be appreciated!
Some people should just shut their mouths and learn to think before speaking <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
LMAO i see u'r drunk tweeting. i've been drinking since 5:30 trying to shake away this rough week. Not there yet tho
Dear twiiter friends: No, I did NOT post a link to a bad blog about you. I hope there's a special place in hell for hackers.
no worries... will follow back when I get a few more, since Twitter limits you after 2,001 followers. thanks and go Flyers !!
It's annoying when shows are promoted before my DVR knows they're coming. How exactly would you like me to set a recording?
Long day! But a great day! Our production team shot one film project today. And we approved a 2nd project now under development! Yay!
It is an incredibly beautiful day here in #SanDiego but it feels more like Fall, don't you think?
For every #RETWEET I'll post a fact about me
SO RIDICULOUS!
"mad as a box of cats" is probably one of the best phrases i've ever heard used to describe someone.
Tell my alma mater to live it up tonight": At OSU and feel young again...trouble????"
we're going to the hs track meet, then getting food. ok? ok.
yup! I don't know how I lived without it.
you put anything down?
hey my wife is really wanting to play more soccer with some girls (school done soon). Naturally, you came to mind
I wish I could crack his actual skull.
Wasn't smart to wear flip flops in freezing temp.
What happens with Amend. 1 may be a good indicator of exactly the kinda stuff we're talking about. Fingers crossed
Remember, this whole first mvmt is more like a prelude to e rest of the symphony
Damn Sonya blade, Jade and Chun Li just pulled up
Why isn't there a fucking Dairy Queen on this side of town?!
Looking forward to celebrating International Women's Day on the 8th!
New comp ftw!
Sure now that the PBO called you out in the SOTU on insider trading, but before you were like Let the Good Times Roll.
Sam whats good you gusy playing the jets this weekend it would be awesome to meet you for my 21st bday.thanks man Tttys
It turn out to be a #DaveMatthews afternoon.
Don't let this Detroit vs Flint thing affect our friendship lol
Good ?? Judd: "how we can leverage strong female-to-female alliances to confront and change that there is no winning here as women"
Dear #12NTC, is now available for
guess AVB just doesn't really trust him yet, thanks for the FF =)
Very cool Thank you for the
it was cool, I enjoyed myself
Merry Christmas to all!
the song .... it's stuck on repeat .... IN MY HEAD . O_O
Recall election for Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch ordered on unanimous vote by Wis. elections board
RT : If you want me to follow you, tweet me the words. "I'm saved by Grace" #TeamJesus ~ You're already following, but it is true
i miss you roommate :(
I'd like to welcome to the Buckeye family. Congratulations!!!
working on the assumption that this tweet will keep me honest, today will be a writing day...
please join THE AMERICAN DEBT FORGIVENESS ACT
GOAL finally!
It's 48° outside to cold
If you like me here, you'll LOVE following me at !! Follow me. I follow back... I swear I do!
So glad to be a part of the team!
I've so much to do & not enough paws ^.^, but it's getting done. (: Hope everyone is having a fun wk~end. xo's & <U+2665>
Im wearing swim trunks under my khakis.
My dad just quoted Thats So Raven.
. truffles like the tuber & I love truffle oil so much I could put it in my cereal! Not a huge chocolate lover.
Parallax is my jam
The member rep mentioned them. I think I'll be checking those out soon!
just realized changed her username.
Golf is light years ahead of other sports when it comes to crazy-pants technology.
Larry playing big on d!! Lets seperate now.
at da dr with da kids..
DON'T GIVE UP! KEEP TRYING! GO! DON'T SAY NO, GO!!! NEVER SAY NEVER!!!!! AND GO!
Excited about the new 1819 wine from winemaking alumna in CA; part of proceeds go to Rotunda restoration & AccessUVa.
Dealing with a half-dozen students not happy about their grades.
#JustDied!! x) RT ": My love for Justin is deeper than Harry's voice, Zayn's tweets and bigger than Louis ass."
ets - taking a practice break and heading down to the airport halfpipe for a morning skate.
Man, knows he's lying to me right now. Lol
We'll be chatting live this Wednesday 3/9 @ 9:00 pm EST (8:00 pm local) on Bamboozle's Gab Chat! Tune in!
i movedd my room around it's kinda nice c::
Getting lazy. I can finish my two Prezi slides tomorrow. Gotta crank out this Soc quiz, then I can go home.
Today is just a chill/cleaning/watch movies at home day :)
Hello London. It's good to see you.
Marissa I love that profile picture.(;
They are GLORIOUS.
Come to Chicago already
I don't care what it takes or how much <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0> I have to blow.... I'll be meeting when he comes back on #BELIEVEtour #excited<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Two deals closed in one day.
Ahahahaha RT : he was like FO FREE and I was like shoo
if you laugh for 24 hrs straight you will get abs. Note to self laugh for 24 hrs....
and here I thought it was 42.
I don't know about all of that.
My first birthday in LA! :-)
Paid dues was a disappoint this year......
smiling like a graduation picture lol
Opening night for Major League Baseball tonight ( YEAH) St. Louis at Miami. What a great time of the year. Miami's new park is awesome
Send the TLR credit card, I have a huge tab at all the bars I'm having townhall meetings.
Just finished polishing up Episode 1 of S2 and awaiting notes from Up On High. So far, thrilled with the results!
Check out the legendary here. I want the lowdown after that conference tomorrow.
Yes, re-engineer and re-define maybe?
Thanks for reaching out.
Is it just coincidence or does using a prismere lock pick in Kingdoms of Amalur always ensure a unique item appears in the chest?
Predicting Ochocinco is gonna show up in the Superbowl, u heard it here 1st
Have you ever done your own tattoo?
pushing for a scorched earth policy at #CPD2012. No respect for member nation's sovereign laws regarding abortion.
I wish I had French toast bacon and home fries from cherries right now.
shoutout to go follow her now :)
Also be sure to follow and retweet for up to the minute updates whenever I add new listings.
trying to be! if I can get through the wall of cars...
You can always try to win one... From , Contest ends tomorrow at noon..
then you don't know the joy in taking your child to a game and them being excited and overwhelmed in what they are viewing
"Congrats on video !!!! #Dallas" <U+261B>Thanks Beautiful. We're proud that has "Shoulda" in rotation.
hope your day was great
and last, but not least, !! thank you all, don't forget to use your 10% off coupon code at my shop! use "FOLLOWTHESMOKE" :)
Ha! I thought of the first time I saw that trailer too. :)
thanks for the follow!
go to www.FreeFreeMovies.yolasite.com
#RedState is one of the most awesomely unpredictable films I have seen in years. Thank you :-)
PCD finally kicked in today
Great morning all! Enjoy this week and no matter what make it a good one!
i finish the song
Didn't know about you starting with ABC 13. Great broadcast Sunday night.
Now that I know that I'm going to have to work for a bit this weekend, I'm gonna call it a day and go work out. Tweet y'all later!
oh shit ..what !!! not good christian //:
Baltimore City Police arrest Baltimore Ravensrookie Tony Fein after mistaking a cell phone for a gun, god I hate the Baltimore City Police!!
that's just what I'm Lookin for
Purchasing Engineer (Package Manager)
There is no love greater than a mothers love. Mothers always know the right things to say at the right times. Today we celebrate you! :)
Hey Eli, I'm here at #MobilizeConf. You around?
New built houses in Miami Metro for sale far below the costs of constructing
Mom is getting me Frishes :)
me too. It's a black hole every year. ;)
No galleries at THE MISSION yet (building is not built yet), but I am leasing space on Melrose in L.A. to GhettoGloss from Silverlake.
lmao as long as you dont cut the cheese, we good!
Sixx flags,, I miss u terribly!! </3
Thx for the follow Leslie! We're excited about the great work Tech Town is doing in our community!
<kicking dirt> Awww... Thanks.
thank you! I love that song (:
how does ur schedule look tomorrow afternoon?
Booking out studio time like im gonna sell out Madison Square Gardin in 22 minutes!
Larry Merchant v. Money Mayweather scheduled and cancelled because Mayweather did not accept Larry Merchants steroid test.
Why did Kurt Cobain have to die?
Still waiting on Registrar. Score for the kids! Need sleep....
Im sorry Moffa...I love you<3
well that changes everything! And hopefully i'm feeling better by then
Just saw a flipped truck on the 8 west, near the 163. :(
Blah blah
In a band? want your music on the air? go to Rochesterbuzz.com!
RT : Husbands: in order to make true love to her body you must first make love to her mind!
Going to Chicago Packing House tomorrow to pick up pork belly & loin for our porchetta test on Tuesday.
HEY! i met you at your cousin's concert :D can you get him to follow me please! <3
I'd like to run for president and just campaign in American Samoa and Guam to win their delegates.
You're my 1,666 follower. *balloons, confetti, holy water (just in case)* And yay! :)
6)... so easy to scream for unfettered #Gun rights. Until, less trained, less skilled has "accident" + causes death of loved one.
here's to you.
let me know how the movie is :)
Thanks -- you have a great morning too!
seems like a good time to start buying euros
Everyone making a big deal about changing the name/theme..... big deal!!! Just making it worse for Cle fans by criticizing......
Warren Wolf & Nicholas Payton at An Die Musik in Baltimore, MD this Saturday night. Sets are 8:00pm & 9:30pm. $25. Come on out!!!!
I would say boo I want but Gail is one of the authors whose book I will actually buy myself.
rackin' my brain to come up with a logo for a project....UGH so frustrating!
sweet flop gallanari
We’d love to hear what businesses you’d like to see featured on insideDEALS! Email us at: .
RT if u like all time low :)
bad thursday!!! but FRIDAY looking good so far....
fantastic!! Finally settinf my singing/acting career off :]
Exactly. It's folks on the way to Joslin who drop those needles and pansies too.
the coach to do what he saw fit at QB? lol... The man can't win!! Blame the last couple seasons on coaching alone!
So, after tonight's episode, what's the motivation to watch #thelyinggame? To watch Sutton be a bitch? No thanks. I'll miss Emma.
At this shady place off poplar level, this car isn't mine, I've been up since 5.
Get Your CELEBRITY ON> We WILL BE FILMING UP AND DOWN HOLLYWOOD. IN AND OUT no TIME FLAT between 11:00pm
today was the last day to turn in binders in APUSH. You're screwed.
Morning people! Who digs the new extractors?!?
What happens is I change my twiiter handle? Do all my followers & those I follow stay with my new handle? #excellent support
oh what channel?? I might need to pop it on real quick before bed.
I'd make those big pirate hats look damn sexy
[Rom10:3]They being ignorant of GOD's righteousness & establishing their own righteousness, have not submitted unto the righteousness of GOD
NP. RT : Sorry about that- Livestream/UStream ads are the price of higher capacity and sharing #Hawkcam with more people.
Don't get all butt hurt.
Thunderstorm! Waiting out the red with Naiza at Panera and then a little rainy day adventure. :)
I don't. I just know the address of his record label Warner Music Group in California & New York headquarters.
RT RECORDBUSINESS101 .....U DO NOT HAVE TO LOOK FOR A RECORD DEAL....WORK HARD SO A RECORD DEAL WILL LOOK FOR YOU..
hahahaha kd is my favorite player along with dirk but I'm a mavs fan for life.
poor homeless guy outside work earlier. some old lady bought him a coffee and burger. so sweet !
has a laserbeam focus. Time to make things happen!
And we go to extra time.
Can't wait to be in my FOOD comma tomorrow! :)
I can't stand people who think they know everything sit your ignorant ass down somewhere... ugh
You will be fine! Thank you for all the tweets this year and best of luck to you this upcoming year at UGA. I'm proud of you.
Show pics of your new do!! Love !
im hype as shit right now
Happy Dia de Los Reyes everyone!
I forget what my normal cheeks are supposed to look like.
no its not :(
Hi James. No shortage of topics these days ! You guys do a great job !
yes i am lol
RT : BREAKING: Facebook stock closes at $38.23, a gain of 23 cents, on its first day as a public company
I wish I had time to eat out! I work most nights.
Watched 2 kids sit in bullpen for 1 inning last night. They both looked scared to death. They were thinking Lwho the fuck are these guys?"
If philly dont win
It does not serve anyone to ignore your higher purpose
Right. Perverse incentives are pretty clear now.
Please follow me bro, biggest fan, make it happen
she does kind of resemble you
Double-sided tape Use #23: alternative tie clip.
Going tomorrow?
Alex what happened to going to bed?(:
Productive Week! :)
up south st about to start stalking
I conflate 24-hour wifi access with a sense of civilization
my bad...Newish to twitter and got confused by your name!
Where are the women at #BmoreFail? Well said : "We are Multi-Taskers". So true for me today as I listen in!
oh well i give up trying to meet him if it hasn't worked the first 2 then it probs wont ever
Thanks to the 900 artists that applied to the Spring Volumes of Studio Visit! All artists will be notified by 1.1.12 of their status.
Only in DC do the crazy people in the subway ask for your views on Egypt instead of asking for money.
link? i found one song on bandcamp and dug it.
Vancouver and weeknd sounds like threesome to me. No homo.
Glad you are able to attend!!
Woot - congrats! Start after your return from SA or sooner?
Wonder how the other Christian saints would have felt knowing that their buddies Patrick and Valentine would be the most famous of them all.
NICK!You need to help me choose a movie to watch.Mom just bought 6..
congrats bro!! Can't win them all.
Aphorisms about assuming and making an ass out of everything are especially true when you're making assumptions about SAP.
the rallying has begun!
check out some local art/writing tonight ! Narrator book launch, #AIR farewell! #freesnacks!
Holy shit the TARDIS really does have a swimming pool!
Question everything before moving to the cloud...
whoa! We need to do some serious hang time!
I wrote some of my dopest 16s high of ecstacy
Just did a little victory dance. Got quite a few stares and weird looks but I don't even care!
NEW FACES!! OPEN CALL TOMORROW 3-4pm!! 2415 Michigan Ave Santa Monica 90404. Look amazing.
k not sure u guys know but I'm moving! Hopefully within the next two weeks.....soo excited!
haha okay :D I'll need all the help/advice I can get x)
hey I did try you didn't!
"When the day is through - Oh Molly Molly, will I be with you?" ::travis::only molly knows::
I've been asked to write a blog post on #Transmedia in public media for Thank you, Very honored, excited! Stay tuned...
very bummed that I will be in Paris on the day I would normally get to hang with my buddy Josh Hutcherson.
Tito Lopez #mamaproud "I just want mama to be proud of me"
#thingshoodratslove to sell they baby food stamps for cash to go shopping..lol
I'm gonna need photo proof
back later this week. At the altar Sunday.
RT : I am a #Pisces because I'm everyone's dream lover.
Eeep! I'm still confused by this twitter thing.
people are crazy as f, I take 8 percs a day and someone I know has gotta outdo me n go 20.... I don't know how it can be done?
Morning,lets get this week rocking.
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 15
Congrats on getting engaged LeBron James! I'm sure this relationship will go as well as your relationship with the city of Cleveland.
You should cover Good Ones Go by Drake :)
My hair is alright straightened
Indeed....one can hope he will revert to his glory days, but sadly, I think all we can do is reminisce!
it's a working Sunday. Just realized TV is 1.5 hours into a scary movie. I HATE scary movies. No wonder this project isn't going so well.
Your tweets are hella boring. lolz
Can I Be Famous On Twitter.? Yes? No? Okay . Cool
what is it u need
are you referring to me?? cause if you are i love you to! and if you're not, i still love you!
lol its nto worth it! :p
that apparently bounced.
would definitely love to be involved in some capacity
What is the last thing you watched on TV?
Overheard: oysters and boner pills = florida fun
that looks awesome
Really feel for Hummel right now. Great career, tough ending. On the bright side, my bracket stays in tact.
Resetting up mentally 4 my NY,This 2012b most Proserperous(Health, Finance, Personal Power!)4 me Ever!!Gettin my mind rite!:)
with a sexy top shelf goal ;)
RT : <3.... (((Damn Gina))) In my "Martin" voice! Nobody knws how to make a Brooklyn Boy melt like you boo!
about time!
RT : 2nd Louis CK show added to TBS Just For Laughs festival.
Check out for the latest news and updates on this brand new attraction
I think everyone who has should complain and get money back for this crap
I'm having another of these weird "spells". I don't know what else to call it. Everything feels wrong. I feel almost drugged.
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 30
Analysis of Carmen Boullosa, from CCNY at #latamcyber: the human vs. the or post-human by Paul Fallon
I'm well seasoned. I want you to keep that in mind..
who would do that?! Dress up, run into a bunch of cars, pull a gun on cops, then get shot by a bunch of cops!
Ewww, sounds like a death sentence Snooks!
psh I'm not moving anywhere right now. Too cold and too tired.
Where did all these OKC fans come from?
Only in the game.
Now back to editing..
pain is weakness leaving the body
excellent. Hope it turns out to be a productive correspondence & panel.
Loving my app!
Tough match today...Come on you Gunners!
Happy hour! Is it calling to you as loudly as it is to me? :)
Our conversation has garnered us a RT from
BREAKING NOW - Guillermo Cardona, an Orange County man, is accused of second-degree #murder after his wife died after he allegedly beat her
From the Council to the Congress! #winning the tenth
RT : Biz Wisdom..."Friendship" is what U do in YOUR business brand!
Slingbox Answers Forum: Slingcatcher stutters after about an...
#NW the parkers never get tired of watchin this show!
operatic and forte style lol
there is no way that Mos Wanted and RNG r in the bottom 2. It's impossible
They use Brett in their brewery and due to lack of improper cleaning caused it to get into this beer.
Having to take a shit while I'm class < !
Any chance of some road noise on your tour tracker coverage?
age restriction might pose a prob. rt "The world would be a different place if aborted fetuses could vote" Guardian Comment
Be careful who you give your trust to.
Going to WSU in Pullman on Thursday for AVID. (:
Good no call by the ref
It's coffee time! #blonderoast pleeeeez
Expectations breed stress, how you deal with that defines your greatness.
Chicago corner stores got the BEST candy
<--—wishing my daughter; AKA "Lexi" on the basketball court a Happy Birthday today. Letter on intent today for #txhshoops ...her goal/dream
pssst.... we launched a brand-new www.newark.rutgers.edu this weekend - go look!
that's pretty much anything government. ;)
it's definitely time for that. Except that in anticipation of writing, I just cleaned it out last Thursday...
he is too SEXY!! :D I want him soo bad!!
I just called Apple and the rep confirmed that some servers have been down a couple of hours now.
maybe i should go to the paint store. stat. (what colours should i buy?)
Had a great time So humbling to be back on that stage with an update of our progress and vision for the future.
A snail that meows, a squirrel in an astronaut suit, a crab with a whale as a daughter, creators of spongebob on drugs?
When you go looking for trouble, you will always find it
I vow to neva give a mediocre performance......explosivness till my heart stop!!!
I really want tacos but stripes is a million miles away
the zone >>
One book-editor superpower is knowing every multiple of 16 up through about 592. (Don't test me on that.)
Agreed. It is both possible & noble to be passionate about one's causes while personifying grace & peace. Shalom.
when will you come back to new york?! i wanna meet you so badly <3 xoxo
RT : If you have a good boyfriend, don’t make him pay for the mistakes that other boys made
shit, I didn't see the first two. Funny, funny, then sad in that order.
Without parents, lovers, relations someone can live but without friends no one can live.........
I really wish I was still teaching. Would love to be staring down a summer break in 9 days...
Ahaha that's awesome.
* lmao , my sister just called me a " leaver-me " hahaa b/c i left her at school
Every time I pop my neck I'm always afraid it's going to pop off and fall on the ground...
lol they know where to download me @ haha
Someone just indirectly called me a hipster. Wtf stop
no worries. It has happened to many of us.
there, i followed you loserr!(: and come at me dalton!(;
Report Lists Many Flaws in Handling of 911 Calls - New York Times
From Africa, "ubuntu" is a beautiful word that means many things, literal translation: "I am because you are." --> ubuntu <-- :D
things are good! We are putting an offer in on a home tonight! How are you?!?
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-58
I'm classy till it gets trashy
(*exercise). And we do real work once we finish all of this extraneous work.
Damnit! I shouldn't have stopped watching! I got a kick out of his joke about turning the "J.Lo" tattoo into "Jell-o!" He's a riot!
Started reading another book. Why do I do this? I'm already reading two others.
AWESOME! Enjoy!
hm, i'm kinda sleepy. #goodnight. :)
#Mets fans, I feel for you. #RIP to "The Kid," Gary Carter.
Contact Maria Ruiz.
Now yes!
Great meeting you at the Still Standing shoot this morning. Thanks for sharing your stories.
thanks for the support (;
ah i see i see we should still like do something just cause its youre birthday!! haha oh ya i like your picture.
On this day in history, Babe Ruth hit his 60th homerun of the season (1927), and James Dean was killed in a car crash (1955).
be watchful and thankful
maybe you should tweet more.
I've never been attracted to a song before but More Than This continues to touch my heart.:') Haha were still going strong. Me & that song.
In your quest to Be Greater make an extra effort to keep your friends and family close. A man is never alone who has friends. Be Greater!
Thanks Jessy!!! Appreciate the support :)
LEGENDARY MOVIE STUD WARREN LEAVES THE YOUNG STARS TRAILING - Daily Star
Home 4 days, yet can't seem to nudge wake up needle much past 3 a.m. Suggestions for beating #jet lag?
See everyone at #20MAAB tonight at with ? Come hungry. We'll all be eating worms by 6.
distance makes the heart fonder.
I think that qualifies you as a MILF
There were those who tried to minimize my own role in history. Such studies seem political regardless of party affiliation.
correct! please email me at to claim your prize! Hope you can make it on Wednesday!
We might just have to make our employee of the month and she doesn't even work here. Please keep sending people in!
just wait for that guitar squeal..
So Verizon is gonna have the Droid and the I-Phone. Interesting!!
"there's no more critical of a time for a designer to be involved than right AFTER launch" Khoi Vinh
#NWHW Community members identified physical inactivity to be 1 of the top public health issues-Text HEALTH to 300400 for help getting active
good morning b
Lots of new plans for the 2012 season with a less crazy class schedule including much more personal and multimedia content!
Squidward a pussy
Miss ya Bruh.
Good meeting! Am doing library undergraduate services happy dance. Then going home.
nope! You?
don't hate the player if you don't play the game
Whenever a bird poops on my car I eat a plate of scrambled eggs on my front porch just to let them know what I'm capable of!
Congratulations, , new CEO of
Well, I'd agree Ferris is unrealistic, but I'd severely argue that Llyod is compltely plausible.
That girls an alien
Brennan is looking for some friends.
I look pathetic right now.
By the way, glad to hear that made it to the front page of y100.com. Check 'em out if you can and their song
Excited to be the Sponsor Voice for this year's Black Tie Dinner in Dallas! Also, a couple of Sam's Club spots coming up next week & AHA VO
#WarHorse with the family wish they served brews at this joint
I know right!!!
someone just kill me!!!!!! i didnt get my one direction tickets now im gonna go drown myself in my tears!!!!
I think I have that
Playing guitar till my fingers bleed. How violent of me.
Thanks for the invite.
Loved your vacation shots...I can't believe those are from your phone. the detail was fantastic. N95 rocks!
Gave me a good reason to drink more tea. And.. who knew? You've got edamame now? Yum-o.
Thanks for the welcome! Let's keep in touch shoot me some of your photography...
HEy!!! it's been awhile ... hope is all well :)
no problem!
Possibility invites us to bring into existence things that haven't existed.
damn those look good
“: FEDEX me a NY Pizza” I was but we got hungry and ate it sorry
The awkward moment when you're texting in bed and you drop your phone straight onto your face.
having a massive headache <<<
Who can you trust?
It hurts, but I never show this pain you’ll never know If only you could see just how lonely and how cold And frostbit I’ve become....
precal, discrete math and probability and stats
“: they've played exceptional with him at forward too last year.” ---- Couldn't disagree more.
did they have a Jim beam cut out?
Anyone looking for a Schemer invite?
I'm bored
I enjoy watching initial ecstatic reactions over the white iPhone. It's comparable to prospective home owners seeing SS appliances.
Could you come Yahoo! Sports Radio this wknd to talk about your comeback? Plz email if you can
Hi this is Jeannette, this is my new celebrate life twitter-follow me back
Sen. Reid says too early to discuss the debt limit increase, not needed until 2013
- Ernie needs to remember that this team wasn't doing that great even before Arenas was lost. Blow it up.
Thanks Bonnie!
u gotta come to LA
I love it!
Glad you enjoyed them! Yay for dessert days!
BREAKING - NOW ON YOUTUBE! VIDEO of Marine Iraq War Veteran Scott Olsen just moments before being hit by Oakland Police at Occupy Oakland...
Holy bill of rights, Batman!
Only 1 of the best songs ever put on wax. I love "Onward" also.... Genius. Iv brrwed heavily frm tht album.
agree. Just trying to run down the clock.
ACTIVISION PLEASE BE CAREFUL.PLAYERS ARE PLANNING TO SHUTDOWN MW3 SERVERS APRIL20TH!
Eat a banana. And I'll buy you 5 liters of that tea to get you back for taking me to that place! lol
Watch me work!
UW Head coach B. Bielema just told us that LB Mike Taylor will start on Sat. LB C. Borland did not practice today and is still questionable
Out of WPT... Got it in as a short stack with k9dd against AK on k87dd flop. turn 10, river 5 and gg
I still pee in my pants, take nap times, and have no responsibilities
I am a rambler... I'm rambling right now
HELP! #minneapolis curious traveler needs 2 know - WHAT is "must see"? WHAT is "must do"? WHAT is "only in Minneapolis"?
Vons/Albertsons/Ralphs made $5Billion in Profits but want employees to pick up more!! Support Southern California Grocery workers!
You think the Brooklyn Nets enjoying this Knicks Chaos? Yes sir!!!!
“: When #MattBarnes retires from the #NBA he can always go back to show biz singing with the fam in DeBARGE” hahahahahahahahah
Co-wrote a song I'm excited about and my first two meetings w/publishers are tomorrow!
If my manager insults me again, I would be assaulting him! After I fuck the manager up, then I'm gonna shorted the register up!
bro...can we borrow it?? haha. but for real, can we?
Mark Twain once wrote: "There are a thousand excuses for every failure but never a good reason".
would love to see him here! “: Times like this I miss the towel awaving in celebration of the Lakers downfall!”
Construction worker recovering after scaffolding collapse
#ESPN is discussing who the top 5 Heisman candidates are this season... and #KellenMoore is not on their list. CRAZY.
I know I'm late on this but...Lowe and Whitford back in TV government again??? I've died and gone to heaven.
glad you like it!
hey where the bud at
Wow fight was exciting, especially the 4th-round KO by "The best offense is a good defense".
can't complain with our pick, he better not be the second coming of Dan buzuin
Well today turned out to be boring...really wanted to go to Mardi Glow ):
You must be able to forgive people their mistakes, because once you make a mistake myself ...
Bert Smith BMW in St. Pete, you are about to change my life. I wonder if it will be for the better.
Glad to hear (well, read) that we're helping you stickK to your healthy eating goal. Keep at it and remember to report on time!
we would luv to send you our tasty biscuits....how???
Why would Obama calls for halt to Texas execution Mexican was convicted of raping, killing San Anton…
Looks like just P/C high 74, not bad.
how can i sign up artists to perform music made for otakon? do i have to submit? are you all accepting submissions?
You're welcome! Our team had a ton of fun yesterday! Thanks for inviting us to be part of it :)
lol, lol, am out of dough :) will you take a sightly chewed up pulltoy?
he's not dating Sarah lol. She lives in Nebraska anyway doesn't she.?
I would, but I'm kinda mad at you for that RT. My eyes are still burning! ;-)
For Carter Maness The first-degree murder trial of rapper Lil Boosie, aka Torence Hatch, is now in its third day of hear
Colleagues with other job functions take a week or two to respond to the simplest thing, but writers are like autoresponders
i love sublime
Strange, moody bursts of dark clouds ruptured by bright sun, over the #HudsonRiver. Has anyone seen a rainbow?
PS! got your vmail just now (delinquent day) and I would love to come be your poet - re: timing call me whenev! So flattered.
Belated #FF as I recover from #AWP Conference partying and at a new scribe in the Tweet Forest, fab. screenwriter
whats up twitter.
keep your head up bro you will always be our brother
For reference, not me, so send your slacker remarks where directed!
who wears brands like affliction, ROAR, and miss me???
hey Andrew, mind follow me back? It would mean so much (:
have you tried the calendar - love it, for family scheduling, meal planning, lists etc.
Woo CONGRATS CAPS! Playoffs!!!
Omg and RDJ together in a commercial! That's geeky hot!!!!
beat :D lol
what time
Work almost done
Excited to start reading The No Excuses Rule by Really can't wait to meet him in Indy when I work !
When I was in high school Baron Davis was one of the coldest players in the league.
Who likes contests? Come in and rent a newly renovated unit and get a chance to win Cubs tickets.
bagels??? uhm i think yes!
Lol true, true! I will give them that :)
God Is Good All The Time
Walking past the Ritz on my way to Water Tower Place is probably the most depressing thing of my life ever
as always thank you 4 #ff..have a great weekend
just opened your present we know you just want her baby to dress like Chuck Bass ;) XOXO
I can't believe how fast this weekend went! At least I was productive today. Still a little time left to enjoy the beautiful weather.
Can anyone get on Diablo right now?
Ron Artest gotta be feeling pretty STUPID right now!!!!!
poor paris jackson. very sad watching that. brewer game tonight with the girls, but first i gotta get me a copy of ATL's Nothing Personal
Omg koko stop don't touch me moe u gettin me guh its not funny
glad to hear
Just crossing into Alabama the beautiful! Movin' on down the highway!
Betancourt not being completely useless, yay! I thought for sure he'd pop out.
909 we're. The party at
its ho deaf people talk
I like both of you, I just can't choose...):
I wish. I have a class that night. Will there be another soon? Should we make our own?
Please welcome BIBLE_Psalms to the Max life
But then why not just read the script like usual? I don't mean to be a stick in the mud..... :-)
Ew. Some people just ugly ass fuck.
Bad shot. good result
Guess the goggles are working for d- wade, good lord,
or am i the only one who thinks april takes long? if im the only one ill feel stupid :/
I need to get seriously drunk. That is all.
Absolutely..how are you doing?
Srsly, , another fund drive coming??? I honestly think I would rather have commercials than 4 fund drives a year.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
I Hate The Way I Feel Today Like Yer The Only One That Makes It Okay., Nd I Love The Way U Look At Me Like Im The Only One That U Can See <3
American Beauty theme just came on my Pandora. Feel like I ought to be crying over a plastic bag or lying nude in rose petals or something.
oh my gawd! Hahah. I miss this girl.
just DM me the details because im getting off the computer.
In Music Meeting We Are The Juggernaut” I think this is good, I just don’t know if the CD101 audience will agree, Tom doesn’t
thanku so much. That means alot :))) so glad we will stay in touch! Have a beautiful day
#wordscantexplain how much I love you. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> thanks love.
you never said you were sorry .
which Red? Bruce Willis; Brian Cox or Trois couleurs: Rouge?
HAHA I love this! RT : Let's get this trending!!!
Lyf is a tough game.
All your diction, dripping with disdain.
Thanks for the follow! would be a great follow for you :)
the stage for SPADE is getting lights tonight (I think). GETTING EXCITED!!!! SPADE is just around the corner
If Kobe so damn great...how come he let the lakers lose by 29??
takes such good care of me when I'm sick :)
I've sold more shirts on free advertising with twitter than I ever did on paid ads on google facebook reddit etc etc down the line
Alright everyone, please give some love and a follow. They bring you the best sports programming ever. I swear. Really. Swear.
Hope I make the right decisions
Give us a call on our office line at 858 222 8242. We are happy to help you out.
Today is National Golf Day! Celebrate by using your Clicgear Cart!
That is deep and very true. Thanks
Man it feels good to have a/c
Nice. Thanks lady!
Subscriptions are gonna drop like flies.
Follow me I'm on INSTAGRAM! Sstevenson503
ur really pretty
Thank you so much, it is an honor!
I can be your pot of gold Niall. Get it? It's my.. Last name.. No? Oh ok.
That's what scares me too; that the 2012 #NYC #summer will be one for the record books.
lol! i always found i could do whatever i wanted as a kid AND as an adult! ;)
oO i like that theme!
Why is the #ows guy on Lou Dobbs wearing "Polo" and "Burberry" brand clothing? Doesn't he hate rich people stuff?
A4: speak up about your accomplishments to others this is how you change perception.
Big ups to all the girls that don't wait for it to be Halloween to dress up like hoes
Don't u just love this TZ fake stuff! Masterfully done n b/w! Timeless. @
huh?? David Choi? Where did you guys see each other? That's random haha
#HappyBirthday to Judith Jamison of #AlvinAiley American Dance Theater (& NJPAC board member).
#FridayReads Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children
Police arrest two on meth charges - WAFF
Bruce L Edwards: Many apologetics is not a tract but a fairy tale, a cycle of poems, a symphony. It requires an improvisation.
That is excellent news! Sending many happy howls your way.
Happy Monday everyone! We hope you had a great week, tell us what you did this weekend to
Tate donating his time to Mira Mesa High School teaching the spread offense.
That's great! Looking forward to her coming to Atlanta in 2 weeks
#ThoughtsAtWalmart Why the F... is this line moving so slow!!
Stress threshold has reached the limit for the day. I should really just go lay down.
Wow, done... Breathe,.breathe... Smile, play music try and be happy
Hobart Brown~ Money doesnt always bring happiness. People with ten million dollars are no happier than people with nine million dollars.
New : not a fan. How to see >1p. of bkmks? Compress layout. This is what happens when visual design trumps usability.
I need a real nigga but I don't think I'll ever find one in Memphis or should I say America period
Working on getting the latest EVPs we did at Hawaiian Memorial Cemetary loaded for review. Caught 4 things that we can't quite make out.
dang guys look what i started lol
Pay attention to these #NASA folks, all sciencey & good-looking. We're cooking up some nerdy fun together!
How have you been enjoying the #sunshine today #Indy?
Yes, looks like the price is now around $200 for the Samsung Galaxy S II.
Real talk #ThingsThatFrustrateMe when people say "I love you" after a week...nigga yu don't love me...yur in LUST! #BigDifference”
I just sounded way cranky, sorry about that. Just realizing the parking nightmare that'll be happening...
The Weed im smoking Only the trees can pronounce
Boys to men music video shoot went great
Congratulations to the winners of tonight's #indiesoapawards! With special thanks to and all those live-tweeters.
I need to move to beaver..and get a stoop
Do you remember your favorite concert?
I'm well wzup
The feeling you get when you find out the hottest girl you know like the ugliest guy you know. AND he's got 6 kids from 5 different mothers.
Someone txt me
Gong to see tonight at Main Room 10pm. Make me laugh "funny" man!!
who ? Mmhhh text me
Nashville trench lawyer menu. Motion to suppress a traffic stop on Franklin , Tn.
its official! your following all my friends but me :(
When You Become Famous Will You Remember Your First #angels ?
I am deff going to be there (:
nice display picture! :) it so awesome!!!
huh hello
yes you do
You can't blame me for what happened to you. -.- I didn't know Derek was gonna hurt you!!
There's so many fat people in the gym today. I feel great.
And this!! That's quadruple the gang bangers! RT : The NFL got it right by getting the hell out of there
hey this is you right CountryGirl:)
i am about 2 get on ovoo wit my friends:))
Not always. Sometimes people lose sight of them and they just get drunk under the bridge.
The Raven's just lost a heartbreaker! I hope the kicker is calling a taxi, I wouldn't get on that team bus.
If only serena knew
watched The Fighter last night and can't seem to shake my already-strong accent...or my thirst for street fighting.
"Men don't follow women, women follow men" -
Today is a very special day, as we say goodbye to our longest tenured Theatre Genius, Molly. better treat her right.
I really need to start noting who knows me only as Santiago.
hey, what's wrong?
Wait. Help. Is that Rory Gilmore having sex with Pete on #MadMen?!?
Hey Tweeters! I wish U all a Wonderful Day!
#10Thingsthatiike No problems
My Aunt reminded me that there is an order....
I had the best dreamm last night/this morning holy shit haven't had a good af dream in a while <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Sharing the bar with Woody Harrelson. Just 'nother Saturday night.
something has to make ATMs...
Tell me why that was really akward ?
On the road to Richmond for the Board of Medicine
The search goes on for a mother, her 11-year-old son and a family friend missing since last week. New developments today at noon on 10TV..
Bleh. *pout, sulk*
Hello, #TDLP class is tomorrow at 2 ET. Is it posted incorrectly somewhere?
Yep. RT : Is it just me, or did the Dwyane Wade battling injuries narrative just kind of appear out of thin air?
It's like you were in meetings with us :-P
Rihanna hospitalized for "exhaustion". A nap would do the trick, no?
#BestPickUpLines "Equivalent exchange. I'LL GIVE YOU HAVE MY LIFE... SO GIVE ME HALF OF YOURS!"
@ lol good. Cause Heather and I don't want too many people to sign up :p
Holy crap! Just realized we are leaving for NYC tomorrow afternoon and I haven't packed SH**! And yes, Owen is coming with us. :)
forever. WARD!
I'm more concerned about Blanton Eating Oswalt : What if Blanton approaches Oswalt about his socks: "There can be only one..."
Set up an account on #pbxes.org for using #Sipdroid softphone with multiple inbound and outbound providers. Seems to work great.
Retrain Tip: Did you know that water exercises are the opposite? Meaning bicep curl in H2O really works tricep and so on.
Rainy day at the office on K Street. Playing around with making it more fun.
hey there! I'm helping with his Twitter rev-up :-) how are you?
Hey Jacky! Thank you so Much for Supporting !!! Lots of Love to you!!
Fuck Marion police for pullin me over but oh well no ticket woohoo!!
Maybe you should eat makeup, so you can be pretty on the inside
#terps lax! Amazing! Awesome!
Just found a red ant on my BED. Not liking this one bit.
well thank you!
We'll never get tired of watching the sunset on the beach...
I'm jealous of everyone doing anything fun. I'm bored, so I'll clean.
I have no idea :( this suckss! Your coming out to Cali then!
Lift heavy weights with me..
Design your weightlifting program by how your body moves, not by what your friends tell you!
Time for coffee with the Murphy Chamber of Commerce.
Just about to start a training with the dedicated NWA () Board Members!
hey!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! um random tweet to lillia i get down lazy o.O wat! who turn the lights on oh snaps
I love YOU! :P
that nigga off his ray charles<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Where's the Hamilton HR tweet by ? She is a little late to the party.
MY NEW SONG IS OUT CHECK OUT PPL
Wouldn't you love when your plan came together? That is if you had a plan? Coach Terry
My summer just started off bad. /: My dog died. #RIPMaxie Please??
Mar 25, 1942: Dalton reported "good deal of anti-PM feeling in Tory Party but no answer as to who might replace him."
Next week, revisits a MKE st where placed a digital speed trailer. We'll tell u how your street can get one.
Better to be interesting than to follow these rules
So I just looked at my tire and there's a huge hole in it but the tire hasn't bursted. Wtf
Jus cause i may call u papii on occasion does not mean u #Boss i run this Bitch
My thesis is yet to be finished, but my blogging creativity is currently boundless!
My wife looks at the latest and greatest smartphones, Nokia N8 is her choice
I'm gonna throw 100 on Tuesday!
your in Your mom us haha
I'm on with at 4:35 talking about the new fines for property owners who change "potentially historic" properties
ha my nigga clue posting about my local team news today thanks clue come down to the nati one day maybe when fab come back here
totally cool.
ops. my own post went into moderation. how silly. posted now.
Wow, near 90f in Philly on Monday.
Tomorrow is my last real day in high school.
Tthanks for the mention!
Follow my other account
what should my new twitter name be?
Thank you frol following me <U+E056> your followed.. xx Have you heard of " Austin Mahone " <U+E057> ?
#Byatt, Ragnarok The End of the Gods. I expected to love this retelling, but didn't. I like more storytelling & less archetype in my myths.
HEEEYY!!! i love you soo much :D i hope u guys are having fun! please follow me :) it would mean soo much to me
...Lucky! Im excited, see you tomorrow :)
Oops, I think I owe some apologies. I just read a little more and learned Boxing Day is not the day you punch people who gave you bad gifts.
Having a good time reading it right now. Was totally buying it for a bit, too, til I got to the Myanmar-made record players.
the extras are fantastic IMHO. The commentary is very insightful and there's a nice peek into the collection of
Deliberations continue today in bad cop Anthony Arevalos case.
My blunder RT Open the SHUT THE FUCK UP Gate, you apple cinnamon dick hermit
thats wassup!! Same here, working, school and getting my GTL on lol..bout the big day, yea things r falling into place! 4mons!
Guelph researcher launches website to support people who self-injure
Looking forward to seeing you as well, and all our colleagues in
I succumbed and downloaded #drawsomething. But I'm still holding out on Pinterest for the moment.
Who's r u talking about niece? RT She Sure Know's How To Put Someone Down!!!
Living: <U+2611> YOUNG <U+2611> WILD <U+2611> FREE.
Working too hard today, gonna eat some blueberry cheesecake pie for a while.
q4 indeed, just like a phone number. #libchat it's cool to know how the numbers work, but only occasionally useful (for a patron)
24 more days of school....
ok do it
Come see us tonight Battle of the Bands @ The Venue 42
Whats going on with the Yankees this season! There not steady with the wins!! =_=
Job:Linux Kernel Developers with Bluetooth, code optimization, drivers, ARM JTAG, Android
College Football Prediction Early Game: Michigan @ Iowa; Michigan -4 and the Over +58
oh wow, I feel for ya man. You'll get through it,just keep on being strong :-)
I hate my windshield wipers. On a better note... Paying bills is so much fun. Yayyy.-_-
What a sad day in football.
chris you will recover so how long r u out for get well soon buddy :)
Pink Hula Set Costume for Child
Oh you aint that type of girl? Well then shit you aint my type.
only I can judge me
Will Forte! Apparently a bluegrass fan, uhh, not really. Medley of James Ingram songs, that beloved bluegrass legend. Lol.
I'd be game for a society without clocks and currency. Two useless concepts.
Nope. I was in MPLS at an ad agency
If black suits are for funerals, sounds like they'd also be good for wearing to just about any date I go on.........
happy birthday oliver andrews #dontdrinkanddrive lol
wondering about the weather. One day freezing. Next day 67. Must be global warming in Atl.
Obama: Natural gas supply will last nearly 100 years and create 600K jobs in 10 years.
First draft of Cat o' Nine 3 is done. Let the editing begin!
hell yeah! we could blare blunt blowin for scott & cornell
Show this Friday at The Headhouse.
Sharing a bed with my cat and brother's puppy? Yes... This is a happiness I can handle.
aw, my brother &my dad were playing video games together <3
#fridayreads #LTReads finished Bossypants by Fey - a fun read! Started When Madeline was young by Hamilton - pretty good so far.
Our whole apartment and all of my clothes smell like maple syrup
The roller derby dude is wearing a fez. Fezzes are cool.
If you aren't a raging anti-Martin Sheen or anti-Catholic, "The Way" is a beautiful movie.
i feel like smoking, get my dick sucked, then go to bed.
Wow. Thanks for tipping me off to that Birdie Busch tune. Great!
Have you seen all the Twilights? I made it through 3/4 of the first one.
This vacation creator is in need of a vacation. #I got Jamaica on my mind.
Cuse is still worthy of a 1 seed. Fuck anyone who says anything else. Fuck anyone who thinks cuse isn't the second best team in the country
On a lighter note, My resolutions are starting off OK. I cleaned the house and made several to-do lists. Now...to get to the doing part.
I instinctively want to use it as soon as the leaves change. Some people slow-cook in the summer, but not this girl.
Oh, man. You said you'd be done by 2. You better be ready to go, tonight.
Screen readers are also incredibly expensive. JAWS costs $1000 for an INDIVIDUAL. It's like a blind tax!
Haha that's funny:p
Wow! I was expecting a cute dog with lovable Gordon nearby maybe???
Ha! I'd agree that Baltimoreans are tougher, except when it comes to walking briskly in high heels.
Do not try to get links from pages that list hundreds of off topic link partners
Last night was the most at Chop Suey. Thanks to all that came out.
315 entries in Webster's 1996 Dictionary were misspelled
Do the water taxis take bikes?
I was at the United v Wigan game on Boxing Day - what an amazing place Old Trafford was. Also saw an Arsenal and a Shef Utd game.
What? You don't like me what did I do?
That's great, Adam! RT : My goodness. Just checked the #insidethestory total, we've raised $2500 for in just two weeks!
Don't fuckin text my phone asking to see me wen all u want is a quick nut, I aint no Hoe and thats disrespectful, lose my number
I'm so happy I finally got to c my boo
Shiner 101 == Good stuff.
It's impossible to exercise to DMB. #worldssuckiestmusic :)
Too true, sadly. But should we abandon aspiring towards true balance, or does that play into the maximalists' hands?
To my opponent in the #BCBDleague: YOU'RE WELCOME. HEATH BELL SUCKS SO I'LL NEVER WIN ANY PITCHING CATEGORIES
Exhausted after a long convention day in Las Vegas. Another day tomorrow, hopefully more relaxing.
his management group is from Miami
I believe Adam Jones! They better resign you. I just bought tickets to 20 Os games for remainder of season
Just left the Floyd County Lincoln Day Dinner. I appreciate the warm reception and support from our hometown friends.
My twitter account has been compromised. Apologies if you received spam DM from me.
i pass
Glad you made it home okay! We, of course, were concerned. I'm sure it was all the standing. So good to meet you IRL!
Happy Birthday! Hope it's totally #Nicktastic! ;)
hahaha your messed up man....
Artist Wayne Wonder in the house - Linkage Awards. Boom
Madness ensues RT : Here comes Henry Rodriguez...
Shout out to Jack Fugiel ! Retiring Fri after great career at Weyerhaeuser; thanks for many great years working together!
congress needs to exercise care in making decisions to deploy! We can't afford these $trillion wars that sink the US into debt!
1more year too shine cuzzin , holla at me when u make it big my guy <U+263A>lmao , ima knock fam
thats puerto rican juice (rum) no pun
haha thanks! yes LIAM <3 ;D
My public policy issue # 1- crack down on public urination in Hollywood.
If someone offers you 999 words for your picture, REJECT HIM! NOT WORTH IT!
for Sunday brunch. Bloody Mary bar and cartoons.
so uh did you ever post chapter 5
The Jonas/Deleasa family are in NYC for the E! Upfronts for their show
"this is funner than chucking rocks at a sign"
Good morning, MVPs.
just keep chiseling your talents! Leave the thank-yous for podiums and live broadcasts!
hahaha!! Probably!! You know any smart man is NOT going to shoot up just any electronic!
RT : My Prada progressives arrived via FedEx 5 minutes ago. Ordered online from Saved a bundle.
LOVE YOU!!!! with God you CAN stand and He will protect you. I pray that He'll heap blessings on you and your family!
I know!! Gotta see you soon!! R u in LA? " : amen girl! There is a big difference. & I miss you!"
@ the #HTACouncil biweekly meeting to discuss the progress of our projects in the #NYC Area
Stella Adler acting class 1 of the best. les stratsberg theatre(I believe that's how its SPELLED)
Church at pastor young's new house. :) but that means I can't be in drum corp today. :(
I used the last of the mozzarella from stuffed mushrooms as grilled cheese. Delicious.
Self-serve ads are now on Twitter which will allow event planners to tailor ads to the event.
What?! I passed 8000 tweets and I didnt even notice! -__-
Willard Wonka's Chinese Slave Labor Chocolate Factory
I'm going hard today!!!!
how do we communicate with young people about #privacy? libraries are looking for ways to engage them effectively
I made it through the wilderness, somehow I made it through, dint know how lost I was 'till I found you...
what's your weather prediction for tailgating at Lucas Oil Stadium for the IU vs. BSU game this weekend?
Used Book Sale, open now in the courtyard of the Ayala Science Library.
I want pancakes.
on ABC Nightline. 7 songs on the charts
where'd you get the cool tweet up badge?
The week before #xmas is always busy. I think families start thinking of each other and want to rush and finalize. We never take xmas off.
A lovely riesling, eh? It's a great day for that! I'm in the office working so that I can focus on rehearsals starting Tuesday
You have a great day. I love your name!
yea it's okay. I feel like we never talk anymore
oh yeah there was that. :( But its my daughters birthday and I get to enjoy daddy-daughter dance class tonight with them.
RT : Friday the 13th <<Today must be you birthday?? 4/13/2012 <<<----- ???? Um...scratching my head!!
they are similar in sound and also very catchy, listen to "Young Blood" by them when you try em out. Might even recognize it
Don't tell your mom but you're funnier than she is.
I'll give u a call tomo
She should take me! I'm so good at it. You've seen me in action.
Flattered. Just saw this now, thanks! RT Is this my first time seeing ? Oh my!
Bored Outta My Mind while everyone else has fun! Hate being a YOUNG one ina house of oldies.
coolin What's up?
New jersey mañana . I can't wait to see the Chicago Bulls put a beat down on the NJ Nets.
is it really that good? Never had it, tried to go there one nite and it was packed
Yes we do, indeed!!!
Trade sent to Clara in NH!
RT : A2 Think swiftly+strategically. Draw parallels between clients branding, their business objectives+strategy.
I gotcha my peoples u know I support u I wouldn't buy it bootleg lbvs
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn<U+FFFD>t work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness
1) Friend Request (0) Mutual Friends how the hell did you find me?
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Cool ! Let's catch up for happy hour sometime.
Ok who would u wanna see in a chic on chic battle with Batwoman?
can't even concentrate smh...
is rachel blanchard the poormans heather graham?
So ready for this weekend with the girls in Wilmington, yall just don't know!!
*yawn* woke up to write this paper. im hungry now smh
OVER 30s got them skills for sure.. loving Mr Bell and MR Krajcik tonight..
Hey We have great selection of Inov8's at our store. annd we might be able to give a deal to your box. I'll get back to ya!
we have some covers but we arent allowed to post themsince we do not own the copyright to them but if you wanna hear them then check us...
On a cooler note, watched McCabe & Mrs. Miller for the first time. And boy do I get Warren Beatty now.
let's hit up a hipster bar this week #LA is always crackin
I believe that if you're healthy, you're capable of doing everything
heading to funny class.
This has to be longest week ever
- true to the spirit of the post, it's better read AFTER the unconference :)
y y y yes
yea that's the one we're in.
yeah i was like 'well i GUESS thats my lubna' lol
At work about to get it in..loveing life...
Man, I could RETWEET the hell outta my #SpursNation right now! mad love!
Argh. 9th Circuit stays enforcement of Prop 8 ruling until court rules on appeal; hearing set for Dec. 6.
Having been in the south when it happened, I did assume it was a message from one or the other.
thanks! :-) Feel free to send promos to . Cheers! -CK
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
Tootsies in Miami baby!!!
Getting ready to watch the debate. Bring on the promises.
show an ol frail bitch some love...fucks with me childs....
I thought you were taken by bruno mars? lol
Never let anoyone stop u from believing if u have a dream just go for it I know I am haters equal motivation follow me
Somehow I tolerate being cut off in traffic when given a signal
2 more days to go on my "Read the Bible in 90 Days". I'm feeling a Celebration coming on-Its like Graduation. Next time I'll read NLT
haha thanks! We have to get together in the next couple weeks
Happy Friday! Enjoying the snow?
she wasn't that horrible.
Best practices and successes will be highlighted at ESA leadership summit; starts tonite. Watch
RT : Hey restaurant folks, checkout how is using social to engage with customers. He caught me checking in on...
nah that was after the SuperDeluxe phase which was c1997-1998. We had to have had Merc overlap!
I want a iPad.
"Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results."
Thanks for following ;) Go Aztecs! Lol
Blackberry Double Chocolate brownies! Try my new Louisiana Hot Links today.
NYC Mother Arrested After Abandoning Her Young Daughters on the Side of the Road in Brooklyn with Just Diapers -
yo're beautiful 2day , i dont even cant speak ;)
No worries and if have any questions or concerns let me know. We are actually in Amsterdam right now at an apt from there. :)
It's ok! I went to jitters!!
(note: previous tweet is total nonsequitur to anything preceding it.)
Online shopping is the death of my bank account.
foot skin is delicate! soak your feet in a bowl of slightly hot water to soften the tough dead skin. Then file!
Had a great headshot session with yesterday. She knows a lot about food!
All good in LoveSac Nation. Nothing better than chiilin in a LoveSac on a day off. LoveSac Scottsdale Fashion Square
I miss Oklahoma. in one week down there it convinced me again OU is a special place
"May the Lord direct your hearts to the love of God and to the steadfastness of Christ." 2 Thess. 3:5
Gotta get through this week, then next week is a Short week then I'll be HOME! woo!
Oh... Sorry, bruh. Tell doc to be gentle. LOL.
In a room full of fabulous women. Attending leading women defined conference sponsored by the fabulous Debra Lee - Chair of BET.
That was a facemask..
hahahahaha dont let it go to your head ;P
not putting enough sentences in this annotated bibliography BC YOLO
On these raw papers fa tha frist time they kool kool did the job
you suck.
Ebay , why did I stop using you. You have provided me with a phonograph horn. I will never forget you from this moment on out.
It's bitter irony, moments after posting a picture with a quote from Doctor Who on the importance of books, I forgot how to spell thankful.
sounds good to me!
our kiss still burns on my lips, everyday of mine is so beautiful.
my favorite
Sure! We'll send you the invite info when it goes out!
that respect my grind goin to be epic wats gud im talking video and all
In my project team's room there's a baseball bat labeled "Computer Repair Kit"
Team to whoop on the cubs!
iPad can now be personal hotspot if supported by carrier. 4G LTE iPads are carrier specific; 3G World Ready, however.
Kim Kardashian will you marry me?
We strongly suggest you get your ass to tonight for 's 'Perspective' Album Release Party! Let's celebrate.
I know that it isn't any of my business but why don't u take the argument to DM? So that we can't read the convo
!! RT : Tween: Does having PMS make you want to strangle men? Me: Yes. Her: I definitely have that. Me: Eat chocolate
Please email
So thankful that no students were hurt in the accident involving a school bus in Red Bank today. All caused by a drunk driver.
sounds like u are making an assumption about him. dudes with feminine ways are not always gay/masc dudes are not alwaysstraight
Open house today, from 1-4PM, 1101 N. Lowell St., Santa Ana, CA 92703
“: 17 days til Florida with #cantwait” I CAN'T WAIT EITHER BABE<33 i love you <3
Diffusion Volume IV seeking relevant advertisers (this is what keeps us printing). Please contact me for details:
Aw, gee, thanks. You mean there's no closing night dance party there this year?
thanks! Let me know if you ever need help. That's our job :)
Give me a lever long enough, and a place to put it, and I can lift the world. - Archimedes
If you laughin bout what these indie rappers lyin bout RT
Dinnertime. Yummy.
Sudden urge to cook all the pasta I have and subsist on that until my next grocery shopping trip
NBA League Pass free preview until Jan 8th...
thank you.. I'm glad my faith in God has made you a stronger believer. :)
Does not like getting out of bed before 8!!!!
The year is dead! Long live the year!
My cat loves being serenaded, and I love serenading the cat.
Food Truck Stops: October 12
Congratulations to mark mcmorris and Bobby brown!!!
Sweet, #filive looks awesome! Enjoy!
Smdh she was just outta pocket and didn't even know it
Autumn was here (:
Congrats to our girl for landing a supporting cast role in a new scfi film, she will also be filming w/ this week
Performance reviews, done. Pile of student papers needing response . . . workin' on it. Housecleaning--not even close.
REASON is mankind's greatest and most tragic illusion. - Carl Jung
Thanks to all who were at our Town Hall last night. There was lots of good input for our Board of Directors.
I'm just speaking truth lol
On the hunt for Junior Software Sales peeps in ATX. Contact me for details.
"A leopard never sheds its stripes." This is why I watch.
I can tell you now. My advice is have more!!
Enjoying coffee, delicious baked good and smart company at
I can't believe they gave him a human one!
How do you know the meeting is happening? Do you know when?
Follow me please!! And thank you! <3
Just saw the Gecko ventriloquist commercial at what I thought was the in Downer's Grove is that true Tivoli?
Still fighting that paper jam, eh?
Time to get pretty! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>RT : Idk where to even begin swim suit shopping... It always gives me a headache
Im following :)
the guy nxt door said u heard the nike air yeezy 2 is very limited folks R camping out i said OH kanye should make his albumS limited 2 smh.
Happy Friday!! Big beer weekend coming up. Who's hitting up or Slow Beer by ? The Cater2.me team is psyched!
I'm open this afternoon if you want to meet on the PSL- 3:30?
#RejectedFuneralHomeNames Suicide Museum (okay I'm done)
Waiting for StudyNY to start. Craving breakfast just googled "breakfast all day new York."
today's haiku snowflake in my eye what is wrong with this picture missing summer sun
there should be an ISO standard for a blank page that doesn't require the sullying of the same.
Can do! I bet we could even work in a quarter or half page ad space in our event program. You need to get a FB Fan Page!
Can't wait to get my whip out the paint shop 24 / 7 glazin
I'm really hate the Boston weather right now
"Compassion has no limit. Kindness has no enemy."
Woohoo! Have you had a chance to visit us yet?
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better. ~ Albert Einstein
Wooooohoooo! I will be there if I don't die in Santorum. RT: "Tuesday im doing standup in NYC!!"
Stir Crazy? We are open! (And we are also delivering lunch and dinner!)
When is honda
Do you want an Apple TV? I still don't really get it. I like my Roku.
pool closed-broken pump. they get to run instead only 24 days until tri for them and 23 days for me
Skillcenter expected to be a useful tool for #entrepreneurship content & social networking for
Happy Saturday
And nonchalantly place the Oscar in Rooney's purse..
Looking forward to seeing everyone today at the Festival of Masks and Leimert Park Art Walk! Take pictures and post them on our page!
Not enough time in the day... Sorry twitter...
I'll look forward to congratulating you in person on the Marquette gig, Gerry!
It is scary at first but it gets easier once you get your first game out. The beginning is the most thrilling period, enjoy!
Dude you are BRILLIANT!!!! When does next season begins? Are they filmming? Writing????
Guy who loves maylene and taylor swift=new boyfriend
So, who's making it out to the Flashmob tonight?
my liver hates me
At next Monday's (11/21) San Diego Social Media Marketing Meetup, will be discussing online reputation management...
i folowed you plz follow back i only watch #Victorious to see u your cool plz follow back & ur voice is a special gift :)
Set up a new phone plan, now to get the new cell phone to do what I want.
Go back to what caused it. Go back 2 roots of it, emotion & objective Do not repeat yourself, variations will come out, don't try to copy it
My #art book from the Embassy of #Brazil arrived this week. Looking forward to having something new and interesting on the coffee table.
None! I just love them. Figure ill get one when i tour
What's the benefit of electric steering over hydraulic steering for the new ... - Chicago Tribune
#GoSpursGo lose their second home game of season to a determined Bulls team led by their All-Stars, especially D-Rose who was unstoppable.
Will everyone be wearing green t shirts similar to what they do in Miami with the white shirts?
RT : Tudor/Stuart phrase of the day - "I lost time a little with her," i.e., dallied or flirted w/ her. Samuel Pepys.
Off to IYG .
looking for new agents? any good ones out there?
#milwaukee I should tweet about work but. GO PACK GO. Should be a great game from both teams! :)
Bitch I love you!! <3
#ItsTimeThatYouRealize How #b.a.p Is really Doing hard and They are Now POPULAR <3
First night off in a while. Decided to do it right ... BED!!!!!!
FOOT LOCKER FLOW
Mkayyy. Weirdest conversation ever!
Hoping to go to #EPIC tonight !
"we are growing closer as a band"
Thanks for making the game today Ashley!
Had a great dinner with friends at the Mineshaft in Hartford, WI last night. Wow, that place is huge!
Met a guy who sells homemade honey yet he's seen his #colony #collapse by thousands of bees. The cause unknown, but pesticides in the mix.
#3WordsForYou suck that bitch
Done testing for now....trying to focus, excited to see my little boy and my wife after her class tonight! Wished tea party was another time
hehe love you!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Clean Start Cleanse: $68 intensive, deep colon cleansing. Removes buildup that nothing else can touch! My favorite! In wild berry
I use to go there b4 I left for the army!
From a girl's point of view, the guy always chooses the slut. From a guy's point of view, the girl always chooses the jerk.
The Jamestown Foundation: The Legacy of Soviet Nuclear Industry ...
yaya and really?!?!? but what jailbreak thingy did u use???
Sunday looks like the better day at Lolla. JCole and Childish Gambino. Im on that as well.
I want to be famous, airbrushed, and dumb. o_O Many teen girls now.
You cannot always wait for the perfect time, sometimes you must dare to jump ;) x
Prep Kitchen for in Ragazzi on the street, Marco LiMandri on his phone...Where's w/her dog?
#siblings print boarding passes for free in
Timbers Army Team (Ballistic 103) signed up for: Summer Co-Ed Kickball at King School Park Saturdays.
Excited to have here tonight !! So interesting to hear how foursquare first started..
It's my child, with my babyfather -- why do I feel like I have to please my family with my decisions with 'em?
Well, the guy wouldn't shake his hand. He kept trying, and things got ugly. It wasn't routine unfriendliness.
What a wonderful night. Played The Bluebird with CONNOR RAND and Wes McDonough.. best round I've ever played.
If you win, say, Wimbledon...do you keep the trophy? Or do they reuse the same one?
author, book lover, online personality, and great friend of the Uni. Couldn't ask for a better tour-mate in the months ahead.
LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT CLUB MIAMI BALLROOM!! DEBUT TONIGHT!!! GONNA BE FUN!!
in about 15 minutes they're playing it again for anyone who missed it. 9:35 in Miami.(:
Hey Jay, we were scheduled to record on Tuesday but I had to cancel...something came up. Should be recording early next week.
Great, Shanny steps in for two seconds and is already ruining the game. Him and Crosby should team up to ban hitting altogether
Had a nice time at Spaulding/Grand today; also had a couple run-ins with neighborhood hoes, and some sweet robins, sparrows, and rabbits.
it is for my internship, I am working on a political campaign for one of the candidates running for Governor of Michigan.
I should remember to stand up straight all the time.
Why do wizards measure their wands in inches, when they live in England?
I don't know why, but the Anglo-Saxon era of English history bores me to tears. You wouldn't think so, what with Vikings and whatnot
Successful people operate in two modes: professional and relaxed
lmao trust me i would be
In tenth chapter of new novel...Getting excited about it.
Get ready... Next week we'll be featuring resources for #startups! If you want in on the action, tag your notebook #startups & stay tuned!
Excellent news! When? When?
Somehow I think this is an earth day violation. SMH
Harry Potter, the boy who lived. Come to die.
I'm down
This Girl Can NOT Sing
"Now how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing" - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Orientation was incredible! Thanks for such an awesome weekend! Go Trojans!!
I love back-to-back homers.
Yes, I am working! Writing on a new song.
As we grow older we don't loose friends, we just learn who and what real friends are!
so jealous! Glad you got to share that with them though :)
Thanks for RT.Just entered the Prep Cycle for the A'stan deployment.Intense physical trng and lots of weapons trng. Language trng.
So this is #howitssupposedtobe.....#amazing <3
RT : Friends don't let friends use MySpace. **Haha, easier said that done :)
Good to know. I am well over due on a NYC visit.
thanks for the help!
I'm glad its Friday bring on the weekend. Cause today and next week is all about games nothing else
Breakfast.Citrus Punch. & Franklin !
"Anything to drink?" Yes, everything!
I think Lady Gaga puts glue on herself and rolls around in random items.
We didn't win the car in Saturday's voting but WOW! Thank you for all the votes and great support! We love our community!
she spelt my name wrong
How's everyone's Friday going? Subway cookies make any day better!
RIP Patrice O'Neal. You were one of the funniest people I've ever seen and heaven just got a lot funnier I'm sure.
Stop making decisions off emotion an use ur head.
Bill Murray is the man I love him
So I walk across the entire building & parking garage, take two elevators to get to my car & realize...I forgot my damn keys.
Watching people genuinely thank each other is amazing. rt << agree.
thank u
Need to get ready to go to 's chorale concert but... kittens! Can't stop watching the kitten live feed. They might do something cute
oh gross. Emma got some weird virus wi/ fever lasting 14 days. Then 5 days later got strep. Finally well. Your kids better?
so funny freaks ppl out I guess. "Oh" is such an open response.
Behind every beautiful girl there is a dumb guy who did her wrong and made her strong.
might try to hit the beach up tomorrow
Live For Today...Plan For Tomorrow...Party Tonight.....at THE FLY!!!
Wassup! What's going on? RT : hey u!
I need to met
That's not a cloud. It's a dust storm!
Thats the gas station from hell -Marge
Good analogy between scholarship & movie industry: there are awards for specific contributions & roles in movie creation
Don't have my size. A UK 10, unfortunately.
I'm on a country kick.
you like me (;
Someones #Silence is something you dont wanna fuck with....
Next Friday we'll have our first Summer Sports Series with Volleyball, BBQ, and beer. Look forward to seeing y'all there!
i went to NEW YORK today, it was awsome especially TIME SQUARE
Keep on moving; don't stop like the hands of time
which would also be hilariously dumb but at least not as entirely predictable!
good choices Leif...haha
Hmm... I don't know about that.
...but it makes us look low class & plain. Would be a nice special occasion alt kit IMO but not a regular kit.
Absolutely without a doubt YES! RT Thinking about doing some live podcasts w/ an audience. Perhaps around the country. Thoughts?
all this talk about class warfare and whether or not its actually happening... we better start bringin it so there's no doubt
The intense feelings of pleasure and desire accompanying orgasm are mediated by the brain.
We Flipped our Lids with @ All Star Weekend and the new Inspiron R in L.A.
you got it!
actually, i feel really bad atm. i feel like i have this really strong obsession with 1D and i haven't even listened to atl in the last days
#warmmineralsprings now public property - sarasota county and city of northport seeking public input for future use of spring site.
A Very She & Him Christmas to start off the morning.
I hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving! I'm finally back to being online. Let me know how you're doing and let me know if u need anything!
Colombiana is a good movie:).
is there a twitter hashtag for the conference in July?
Kevin Durant is killing the parachute game right now. Do they not have run ways in OKC? They have to jump out of planes?
I'd stick w/ Johnson over Spiller. Buffalo has talked about limiting Spillers touches for some reason, while Johnson has new life
thanks for an fun wkd!
They cost $15 a pill. In my practice it's often the wife who wants the hubby to have a script.
Ah!!! Work tomorrow at new property.
so mean.
Note to the #GOP: Corporations are NOT people and people can NOT be run like corporations!
Great Convanta Energy article re: How Arlington & Alexandria can create private industry win-wins
One more final and then Exam Play casting is announced! So excited!
Football time with and !! Woo!
short people are awesome!!! they can bite your ankles and hide xD.
I just downloaded a shit load of new dubstep... Remind me to give it to you! Crazy new stuff!!!!
Nothing like two drunk grown men discussing the latest in entertainment this week
Its not hard at all Lol you just tag the persons twitter name. You can't post tweets to someones page dumbahh
So, we’ve decided we’re going to extend the photo contest till the end of the month. Get them in by July 1st to become our profile pic!
stop ur making me blush lol
Hey when will the women's line become available? I love assault and recon...just need clothes for track practice :)
gotta get a photo that twitter can download!! add to the list ... :)
My great aunt traveled, not easily, from Phill-NYC to c ur show. She's in a wheelchair & was made to sit far from the stage. BO!
If you tryin to stay warm fellas im sure it will be plenty of big girls to keep you warm lol
it was so much fun! We posted the video.
Usually it's the other way around...me persuading them!
Cape May's migratory houses
RT : As eco-pioneers in the toy industry, carries out many initiatives to ensure its Green ethos...
come to the bat cave
Watching the seattle seahanks
what happened with video? ;)
lookin kind of scarce!
yes they are awesome
ite lol im about to leave can yhu call me
no doubt!
Get your battered fish sammie with your choice of side for $8.95 all day!
People who get on my twitter and Facebook and write stuff I wouldn't say. So if theres a weird tweet it's probably not me
Collaborate Without Complexity: SharePoint Mobile Workflow Platform for iPad ... - Seattle Post Intelligencer
I'll probably just eat lots of burritos today and wait for tomorrow.
Watch WKOW tonight at 6 for an update from Coach Bielema at UW practice & a preview of Russell Wilson on "Gruden's QB Camp"
s'all good, guys! UND at home next week!!
Happy 40th anniversary to my lovely Sigma Kappa sisters!
I have now voted absentee for Tues' election. Can the robo calls please stop now?
Definitely looked like Byrd pulled the bat back. And it didn't look like the ball hit the bat at all. So...
If some employees were paid what they were worth, they'd owe the company money.
lol I would delete my shit if I didn't have so many connections on there..
Finished watching #21JumpStreet...I think is the man! Every movie I see him in he is awesome & he's pretty damn artistic too!
-- dave thanks, it has been -- I am resetting it -- hope no more of this!
But I ain't gonna follow her cause this could potentially be my career & I ain't tryna taint their view of me via twitter.
A windy, rainy night in the Burgh for Hockey! Its great to see crowds come for a game, but what it does to traffic downtown is never fun.
So excited to see Tony Robbin's at #oprahsnextchapter! Miss walking on fire @ UPW!
HAVE A GOOD DAY, NIALLER!
i doing great! Just listening to music :)
": Missing my bro lol sorry man be slave working. Gonna hit u today." Same here.. ok but i won't hold my breath!! Lol
Pay us a visit today and enjoy our #HappyHour from 5pm until 8pm! Ask for the specials! RT for your friends.
WEE will have a kids zone full of fun jumpers, face paniting, crafts, popcorn!!! All free!!!!!! Event free to the public
Been listening to all morning, and he hasn't said "may the fourth be with you." yet. I am disappoint, Carson.
Hearing his voice before sleeping > <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098> I love you <33
Feb. 3 hates rock 'n' roll. It took Buddy Holly, Richie Valens and the Big Bopper in '59, Sid Vicious in '79. Screw this day.
That's a con I wanna go to.
SHAPING OUR YOUTH" Fashion Show Intrest meeting will be held Sat Sept. 17,2011 For more info contact or
Studio Session @ Platinum Room Studio...
Can I ask you something did you kiss him or anything like that? !*)
Thanks! RT I loved your AR Cabinet of Curiosities!!
House to yourself, better not kick your bros out
twice tonight....but gotta put the best one from my Hoosiers "this team just looks different"
Thanks for the s/o and the
This new scribe has the craziest "a"s I've ever seen.
having server problems today?
Home in San Antonio and having dinner at The Barn Door!!! Perfect dinner, apart from a home cooked meal, before I head back to Lubbock.
hey you guys played awesome last night! was great to see. roll on the season my friend, should be exciting. Go Lions!
I CRIED WHEN it was the last rolo
Heading to a candidate forum in San Marcos. I wonder if I'll have the chance to mention how bad CISPA is!
nothing too new, but at the grackle (best ribs ever) and are great! Happy eating!
Join DJ Louie Marxx tonight on Smooth Jazz Beach Radio - Live In San Francisco - Overlooking The Bay!
hey just letting you know said chi town right not you :)
Selena n Justin R Done Dey r Not Jelena No More :/
Yyaaaaa!!! i'm back!!!! i'm back we did it we did it!!!
Morning Twitter. Let's get it all done so I can SWTOR all weekend!
that's brilliant. we definitely need more blue carts :)
Lunch at Trails Cafe?
H. Ross Perot~ If you see a snake just kill it. Dont appoint a committee on snakes.
We have time for tattoo consultations and piercings!!
da gud thing about twitter is dat u can tweet allday about nothin and ppl will think ur cool but really ur just some #asshole who talks alot
when people dont text me back. >>>> ya cause i just love that feeling.
#eisummit John Katzman: in 10 years colleges will not be involved in remediation. Agree or disagree?
I am not about to get in his case lol
A survey of Miamians say Ozzie Guillen should keep his job after his Fidel Castro comments, fake apology, decent apology. What do you think?
Need cool Apple tips check us out!!
RT-comforting arms/// Thanks!!
I last peed on another continent.
yes i did.
Damn ISS monday is not the move man.
Really hope I get that Hypercolor shirt for Christmas.
Big mistake. Huge.
I agree! He definitely should not be talking about anyones D!
lmao " why does he have on a jacket "
Following for measured frank words on research libraries, a post on RDF I want to read, and more.
Sometimes you just jar to dive into things head first
Work outside your comfort zone and watch your results grow!!
Do you know about America Recycles Day?? You should! www.Americarecyclesday.org
LET'S GO CARDS!
Your Colorado Kings lead 50-30 over the Shizuoka Gymrats....at the half.
its especially funny because I'm with her right now
That's what I said! I really don't get the hype.
BUT, you don't have to be a landlord ;-)
There is a belief that we actually know what we are looking for with #PTSD, #TBI. Not the case. Multifactorial problems.
Separate security line in Frankfurt for the gate to Tel Aviv.. and so it begins
Earl Thomas
Watching the David Beckham underwear com recital and my 4 yo says "that looks like daddy " yeah sure son, that looks like daddy
Back in the cities from a mini vaca. Back to work...
Two cords of firewood delivered and stacked! Bring on the winter! =)
. Bipartisan Cafe is one of Portland's best places to work on that novel.
#opsrocks2012. Sign up and give it a try.
Providing an Extra 2%
Where'd you find it???
people say the MEANEST things to brands on Twitter. Sheesh! Try to keep it clean, tweeps. Someone has to read everything you're writing.
That yolo shit is getting annoying. You do somethint dont say yolo. We all fucking know we only live once.
did you happen to see the tigers win today? Amazing
i love them they are my fav:) i need to order some from you!!!!
Ramen Noodles <33 Sound delicious right now !
and keeping teams moving through and on time!!!
LMFAO Party Rock Anthem is the only song I've heard on the radio for the past two week. MAKE IT STOP
Letters on OpEd gave impression PR listeners not too keen on using their own money to support PR.
No #superbowl for me. I don't watch football and since all the commercials are on YouTube, no need to watch. Have fun fans!
People need some new flavor in their ear
And just because you call some people blind doesn't automatically give you vision ~ Jefferson Bethke
I've made it a habit that every morning as soon as I open my eyes I give thanks 4 the wonders in my life. This has changed me
RT : new contest up! Help get free healthcare for a year + win a prizepack including tix to
Can't wait till godsmack plays so I can sit down
hey! thanks for following! I'd love to tell you about my startup - more details later!
Also, Bo made clear he wanted to discuss these schools with Jarrod - that they weren't blocked as a final matter.
#uwbadgers move on to Saturday!
It's so wonderfully, intoxicatingly close to happy hour...
Watch all your favorite NFL Games here. Happy Hour all day long! $3 Draft Beers, 5 for $15 Bottle Buckets, $3 Tequila Shots...and good food!
Anyone wanna chill?
who wants to burn dan jockitch?
I don't think so... they may have released some information on execs to express their displeasure, but they didn't ransom it
In the mood to just sit down and talk to someone I can trust.
. now he's eating a giant bag of popcorn and not sharing a single kernel with Paul Allen.
LSU to me...": Anyone got a read on Musberger yet?"
Build your very own buyers list. You should learn as much information on them as possible.
So has been twittering for a year, despite being dead. Does that make twitter post-post-modern?
Be innovative with your copy, conventional with your layout. Great things to think about and implement regarding copy from
Who wants to line up at Miller Park and pick up my single game tix for me?
If Rizov and Sicinski dig it, that's hugely acclaimed in my book.
Ahh if only there were 30 hours in a day... lol
One of the worst days of my sister's life was when I got bigger than she.
Some of these A & Rs have no morals man.
GURRRL you love the sun!!!
Woot! The greenhouse is complete
There ya go! That's the spirit.
stupid people. it's impossible to avoid them, so i'll be forever disgruntled.lol.
About to watch musical cats! Not the Broadway musical "Cats." Actual cats who play music. Jealous meow?
that was random but thank you. I rode in a mini cooper today!
baseball's Matt Senk has done terrific job with Seawolves, who are a victory away from consecutive 40-win seasons.
Great fight training day with the guys at 87eleven for the new Jason Statham film "Parker" Leave for New Orleans Monday to kick his ass ;)
I always wonder how it can be freezing in a classroom then so warm in the hallway...?
almost time!
Where did all that wind come from? First, a ride. Now, Paris-Nice with a Hop Noir in hand.
RT if you have moves like jagger!!
We're just a bunch of quirky neighbors!
Definitely, I really missed you so much! xoxo My celebrity, Eric! RT : welcome back!!! Missed ya on Twitter ^^
alright Laura-keep the twitterlove feet going!!!
Yea .. Didn't have time to paint my nails ..
Just did a round of all TV theme songs. Harder that you may think. Geek Pub Quiz at SYP!
RT Music is the divine way to tell beautiful, poetic things to the heart. ~Pablo Casals
no ur not going to leave me please dnt i dmed u please dnt leave me
Yeah.... I'm not a babysitter. Sorry.
Make that when *people* don't run. Bless you, autocorrect.
we would like to send you the coupon code for the "Shout Out/Mention " promotion! Send us an email! (:
office hours; great conversations with local leaders who want to better the community. Thank you for the input!
Definitely not right. But you have faith and will be ok. You're the better player and man! Keep it up!
I know don't want none of this.
well get me some n maybe ill share :-)
you can express opinions without antagonizing people. The shoe fits, wear it.
"WHY DID I MARRY AN ITALIAN?!" soon on line in the meanwhile www.robertasparta.com ENJOY!
go to SOWA market tomorrow! Or stroll Newbury Street and eat at the MetBar. Walk public garden or take duck tour!
You're on a roll, sir.
Excited to watch my girl on NCIS tonight!
I've been called the songbird of my generation by people who've heard me.
hahah I finished all three of those books in 5 days. I have no life. Lol
did you wake up with your 'snowner' after having a 'white dream'?
Congratulations! RT : Lots of happy tears at OHSU's #MatchDay, congrats to our MD students! Where are you going?
Ravens Record for Sacks!!
that's quite a lens
beat on walk off Home Run by Hanley to set off the magnificent outfield display & send twitter in a frenzy
Wonder why I dont see "Briefs buy 4 get 2 free" like they have for panties...
Craving red velvet cupcakes
Are there people who really eat only 1 steak-umm at a time? I don't believe its possible.
I love all sporting events but the best memory: A Chicago Clubs Game on my 13th Birthday
Dallas should win tonight at home.
right, because life is fucking roses for everyone in the suburbs... immune to corruption and inflation here. seriously, research.
I bear no ill will towards that movie, just him. I hate his face so much.
“: And JaVale McGee just earned himself a long-term contract with the Denver Nuggets. Welcome to the club, kid.”
Excited for #factorcon closing event on the Queen Mary ship. Almost there!
Not having to go to school for most of the day cause of ag day
Happy Friday! Last night, our first preview, went amazing! It's all coming together! Come see us! www.kefproductions.com
Defeating a sandwich only makes it tastier.
I'm willing to wait forever for you if that's what it takes because seeing you hurt now just makes me want to make u happen in the future...
Let me tell you, the city bus is the great equalizer. Lady with no teeth, transsexual and crazy screaming guy all on my D4 bus.
Welcome to Milwaukee!
that just means your a pussy
State Department Revises J-1 Summer Work Travel Program in Attempt to Protect Participants.
and we're grateful for all of our listeners and readers. it's a public trust that we take seriously.
glad you had fun! Yay! Hoop!
Kentucky, MSU, Syracuse, and UNC. Which #1 seed titan did you predict to flop first?
i agree to bring him back!
CARSON. No! What happened to the correct quotation?!
Yeah... You're actually right. I haven't heard anything lately. What's up w/ that?
Im gonna to marry He sings like his life depends on it and I wud love 2 be surrounded by that dedication everyday of my life.
fuck man i sneeze fucken loud !
Q5 I like using email based scenarios with that provide response feedback post event for reinforcement
thank you sir! much appreciated!
Former coworker used to sollicit bag candy donations for students on the Lawn before 10/31. They get slammed by so many kids!
Neither is "Layer 16 copy"
Good morning! Have a great day! Find something good, it's always easy to find something bad.
Congratulations on this well-deserved opportunity.
woman arrives with three large messenger bags. Now i can't stop wondering how many cats are waiting for her at home.
I hate my English Teacher.
have you been bumpin that dude?
Join us tomorrow night at the Alberta St. Teahouse for a fantastic show with Michael Hurley + The Seaworthies! Info here:...
At a great event at CoMerge in downtown San Diego.
That's awesome! I'll track you down tomorrow.
I see bright things in Deathbeat Jam's future... =] #JustWait ;)
you would still be in bed too if you got home at 4am.
a couple friends of mine told me last night they're planning a trip to ca, and wanted to know if they could hang out with you lol
hope you had a great brunch!
Ray Rice and Maurice Jones-Drew are the NFL's only two RBs to rush for at least 1,200 yards in each of the past three seasons
you have been hooked up!
Everything gets hotter when the sun goes down.
what happened?
Am I the only one who feels bad for Pete?
Nothing like a neighbor that practices the organ and waking up on an overcast day to make life seem like one big silent movie.
Are you trying really hard? :-)
I just got home where you at
hope your day went well young lady and you kept that thing positive! ;-) love ya all
Heck of a start to the all-star weekend for the pacers. made Indy proud last nite. Spotlight on tonight. Good luck.
RT : My night was perfect
you've got that one thing
Business in the front, party in the back, furtive nips from your flask of whiskey when your boss isn't looking in the middle
Get $ome GREEN HERE...
Really? Butchering La Costa, Via de la Valle.
given your family's proclivity for Ph.Ds, collecting everybody's could get expensive! ;)
"You betta take yo ass to tha sto' wit that." Watching Boyz In The Hood.
Owen is out at 17 and Brandon is out at 14.
I believe you mean la Ké$ha n'est pas?
Its always Sunny in Philadelphia...
I in a a little bind! Palmer or Rivers? Palmer has a better match up, but Rivers has played all year. What do you think?
Ok I'm going to do dat u got a number
STOMP in St Paul...then dinner and debauchery downtown MPLS with Rosita Mamacita!
It appears as though I've stopped for gas in Methville, PA. Yikes.
Winners never quit, and quitters never win
Q2) I'm more aware of knowledge silos than ever before.
En route to Washington state! See you soon
I'll bet you wish you had slept through Hangover 2, however!
check back in six months. This desk will be a jungle
You know you're dad's an aarp member when you go to dinner at 4.30.
Sometimes I'm confused by what I think is really obvious. But what I think is really obvious obviously isn't obvious.
Two adults holding hands in the park? The whole thing seems pretty innocent to me.
hahaha. Well duh? Me and tyson are best friends. .... (; haha
Well then. I see what your priorities really are. Me and bobby will be leaving now. Remember jeffery is on the prowl!
sometimes, you really can't have it all.
The WV Sen. Banking & Insurance committee has voted down SB194, requiring insurance fairness. Sad day 4 youth in WV.
Happy Mother's Day to you Jenny! Thanks for raising a great young man like Tom & for sharing him with us
They're doing great actually.... must've called in the big guns from the Taj.
Check out the soulful sounds of
ever get them mixed up?
I think physical exhaustion is a better feeling than mental exhaustion.
I Can't Wait For The KissMas Bash At The Rave.Its Gonna Be So Dope Wit , & Kickin Incredible Dope Shit!
Even the tiniest gestures can have great meaning to the recipient.
not anger. Frustration. I'd respond in more depth, but it's that whole 140 character thing. if you wanna continue, email me.
Nominations for #Heroes with a Heart grants open today at 2 pm EST!
my first duty as a member of #BrickSquad is to borrow ten dollars ill get u back next week
after that episode I could use a beer.
For me it's partly a matter of $/enjoyment ($10 for 2+hrs or $3-4 for 15-20min) and partly a barrier to entry.
#SignsOfCheating Talk's less, Argumentative, Rarely want's to see you, Protect's his phone like his life depend's on it.
Victorian Halls will be hitting up a lot of the south with 20 dates in December. Keep an eye out.
Happy birthday sweetie!
I agree. I watch about one game a month and they are always exciting. EPL is better league but Serie is a blast
Wondering if J.P. Morgan might announce a "surprise gain" from MF Global "assets" to "offset" their sudden $800MM loss.
I'm boutttta be up al night if thiss convo keeps going (; <3
Sun glare is causing some big backups inbound on HWY 217, HWY 26 and along the Terwilliger curves this morning.
We'd have to flatten our roof too... :(
Some pretty wicked storms overnight.
Saw a butterfly right as we pulled up.It flew right up to me and flew away. My mom didn't see. Could that be a sign? Love you nana :) <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B5>
thanks Girl! Yah, I'll have some more soon. JB is the shit! He's a market just himself! Look for more tracks to come!
What's with not coming to Georgia on BOTH fall tours?!?!
I'm about to call you since I can't !
|#quotes Encourage your people to be committed to a project rather than just be involved in it.
that is cool! It's weird how the cafeteria remains one of the most dreadful places in schools. it could be easily innovated
I just noticed that today is 11/1/11
who are the best deep threat wrs, specifically available in the 3rd round?
Do you love kpop? Are you a BANA, ELF or a SHAWOL or all 3? Then Follow
got a most-valuable twitterer? Twitter him or her with the tag
I'm turning in nothing! Ha, but I am reading my article for class. Whoops.
is a creep
Thanks for the birthday wish bruh!!! #mayday!!!
SPECIAL RATE! Come in or call 7322719030, king beds 69.99. Pool, whirlpool, fitness center, HD TVs, free wifi, free coffee/tea service
Since coming back from Haiti I'm realizing that I'm becoming much more acutely aware of the polarization of culture, politics, & life here.
Attending Women & Gender session.
if is a discussion, then i comment where there is comment or question directed at me or i want to address a point made
“: Im rocking my asymmetrical feather earrings and I've been called Alicia Keys and Cyndi Lauper today lol” <- Nice!
thank you! me too!
looks like the server is down. check back shortly
Oh how our readers would love that!
Comin Too Chill / Hangg Wee Got
Your pretty cutee(:
Thanks for the tweet (which introduced me to your lovely blog).Have you seen "Torn"? If u want to view/review, let me know -Betsy
We live in a generation of not being in love and not being together, but we sure make it feel like we're together.
UHM, Yes...the kiss...I brought that up to my dad (who LOVES Harper) &he said "you did stupid things when you were 18"
": RT yes we do!!!! Do you want more Followers ? RT&Follow »
A headbutt from a midget hurts like all hell.
#alastranded tweets are turning out to be the best of the entire conference. Hang in there!
boys will feel as much pain as girls do soon enough like this isn't fair
RT : Can someone please explain to me how Harry Morgan has made it this long? #M*A*S*H!
Creativity and technical proficiency can work very well together. That, is the future.
Anyone esle freaking out that & are on Punk'd?
am i missing something, or does pinterest quickly lose track of the original source of an image? otherwise, would be terrific.
Happy Black Wed! Make the most of it! #Corporate Safe will be open with LIVE operators staffed today, Thanksgiving and Friday.
that's a red herring. That's maybe 10k of a $3million deficit. Where's real ideas?
Hey wats up where u at?
I was informed that it was to be warm and sunny on my days off. I guess that's not the case.
YAY! I'm so proud of you!! Congrats :D “: Dance Fusions new lieutenant :)”
Coach Gwoz: The impact the Shore family has had on the Pioneer hockey program rivals that of the impact of the Miller family at Mich. State.
Karaoke song selections are incredibly revealing...and generally painful on the ears.
homework homework yoga homework homework homework
Interested in sports? SCR is looking for sports broadcasters! Come to the meetings Tuesday or Wednesday in L311 for information!
Been there done that
Sounds unreal, snap some pics for the fans!
just got done eatin!!
did anyone get the credit?! Awesome sauce
We appreciate the RT! So glad you enjoyed the content
thanks for the follow! ;D
I just cracked my freakin Otter box again. Ugghhhh
tell him I Said hey then give him a pat on the head
boys are like stars. There are a million out there but only 1 of them is going to make that wish come true
I will try to fit the word churlish into the show tomorrow
I have so much to do.
You're welcome. I can't wait for next week's performances!
: You're welcome you beautiful stranger. Lol :p
Fuck bitches, get money!
too bad I was sick that day I would kill to be in that photo
Feeling good today and looking even better! ;)<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I always believe that people will get what they deserve when everything had been said and is done.
Just met w/ a kick ass director & this project #servinitup is a go!
I know ya'll gonna get mad at me but aaaahhhh I gota say it ... SMH ... ( Takes long deep breath)
should we be letting students choose more what they want to learn? is that why there is a rise in school of choice?
That's not the way I read it to myself in my head.
Reading White Oleander
Welcome! RT : Wheels Down in Houston
I just love when people get me sick because they're too damn stupid to go home.
Great win rangers!!:-).. maybe next game lakers!:-(
Incredible game.. So close.. Go O's!!
you we're in the parking lot... I was at bdubs.
Ha! except one of the biggest fault lines is on the East coast and is very active but out in the Atlantic.
done i followed >
Getting some free advertising in at the four a side by rockin' kid size small Play2Empower tee
#Packers DE Anthony Hargrove out 8 games & $388,000 in salary for role in Saints' bounty-gate. Going rate for lying to NFL investigators.
Pay your debts stud.
Tired of "suck it up & tell everyone 2 upgrade 2 CS5.5" advice. In a workflow w/ IT red-tape & multiple outside vendors, not that simple.
Come by booth 670 to HEAR how we can best help you.
It's impossible to have a solution without a problem.
who wants to be my new reason for procrastination?
Team Ninja White Out is going to be in full force tomorrow on SJSU campus! Don't forget to vote for White Out!
Hello beautiful. Is it me you're looking for?
The Horns with a short field, with the hopes of taking the lead, thanks to defense and special teams.
were you at the fishmarket?? we need to go there and get supplies for a feast.
Construction staff has on top of implementating current prop s projects have started to determine future ongoing costs not just existing.
Princeton prof Kevin Kruse speaks on race and public space in Atlanta: Sat May 12, 11a, 's , 535 Means St NW 30318.
Melanoma is a skin cancer that can spread earlier and more quickly than the other skin cancers.
Just saw a funny FB post: "Thinking of telling my kids they've been picked for the Hunger Games."
and you haven't heard anything about that event yet?
LB () "The female audience for golf is much larger than you may think. Our audience is about 40 percent female"
Oh, and I'm HAPPY to help you on the computer. But please meet me halfway by LOOKING AT THE COMPUTER SCREEN.
MMG "Self Made Vol. 2" compilation in stores June 26, 2012. Rick Ross & The Team will drop 5 more projects this year!
Baby don't you ever get to comfortable <U+2661>
Hmm, wall-e... No offense but that was like 4 years ago I don't think that's very trendy
Follow , and , stars of !
Over 400 aircrafts out of airport in 4 hours last night! 160 of those were just one hour after game!
I MISS PUSHING DAISIES TOO! You were fabulous as Olive Snook!
Follow me on instagram - Bettyboo92 <<<<< same as on here. I follow back (Duh) :-)
where r u
I saw a red robin commercial and i smiled knows why :3
Fear the enemies that smile n ur face
Question of the Day: Would you say that interfaith relationships or interracial relationships are more challenging?
Don't feel sad...don't feel blue...Frankenstein was ugly too...
what are we going to do about it? Why can our #Federal government do it's job and set #immigration policy? TERRIBLE!
that's true lol Alright come next semester I'll try to ask her out or something
OMFG ;o Demi & Brittney as judges on the X-factor U.S. <3 My whole week has been made ^.^
Took clients in June. Great Pete Dye course! 1 of the coolest golf courses I've seen inside the Indy 500
A show of hands, who is going to eat mobile tonight?
It's a beautiful president's day in #Atlanta! Take your dog(s) to the park!!
top of the morning to you
I can't wait to boo Beckett and punch a pink hat during Sweet Caroline tomorrow
Excited to watch Matt Flynn go and compete, push the hawks to be better. Welcome to the flock, sir.
you're an artist, I'm a silly jerk. I think that dynamic could work. So work it.
Technicolor egg salad = pretty great, actually. Only thing better would be if I'd written down what exactly I put in it.
I saw that she tagged me in I was like wtf! Man I was confused ahaha o well
Have a good Friday night everyone! Really excited about the Football Season! Cold Beers - Smooth Drinks & some Bone Breaking Action!!!
(c) to bring me down..
Knit bombing! That's funny! ha ha.
Just donated part of my tax return to the CA Veterans Home Fund. Thanks for making it possible!
thank you for the shout out to occupy unity
If Indianapolis can play in the AFC south I see no reason the O's can't play in the AL Central. We'd be a dynasty.
Discount Playmobil Toys for Best Buy Playmobil School Bus - playmobil school
I... I don't wanna lose you, you're my bestfriend. Idc if you don't feel the same. I don't wanna lose you.
Carrie, you're preggo, no alcohol for you!
So great to see all these wonderful ladies this morning! Thanks to for hosting!
RT : thank goodness Tami not coming back for the next season of #bbw< Shut the front door! Where'd you hear that from?
"don't you forget about me..."
Just saw the sign for your new location. I'm excted 4 an all cycle place! Let me know if you are looking for instructors :)
Let's be honest, Cody can't jump.
if Cabrera has trouble at 3rd it sure hasn't been tonight
very kind of you to say
At Firehook Bakery we have variety of gourmet food and drink items which we offer to complement our amazing breads!
Pac Man Vs Mayweather fight is off!! Rumor is Mayweather backed out... Official story coming!
Bobcat Goldthwait rules.
make that 70!
You would! Haha. I am so looking forward to Saturday!
they definitely are thrown around a lot more - but people calling people I love an 'abomination' based on a book is garbage.
AND LOOKIN LIKE HIS SWAG IS LIKE THE CRYBABY ASS NIGGA SITTIN IN THE BACK....
FOOTBALL PLAYOFF BRACKETS OUT SOON...LET'S GET IT ON!!!!!!!!!
exactly even the Berlin wall could stop Kings
Valentines Day Rate $69.99 and a special gift at check in. Mention Twitter Valentines Day Rate Special when booking
okay cool. Thanks for the info!
Dear friend, I pray that you may prosper in every way and be in good health, just as your soul prospers. - 3 John 1:2
indeed! Going to be the most exciting thing that happens this month haha
Wow... just saw your profile picture and you look ah-may-zing! So beautiful. Hope all is going well!!
Toms Shoes Expands ‘One-for-One’ Giving Model to Glasses via
Laura Krauss Melmed will be signing EIGHT WINTER NIGHTS at the National Press Club Book Fair, November 9, 5:30 to 8:30 PM
britain unzipped is the funniest thing.
HAPPY HUMP DAY TWEETY PIES!
More great action at the Riv, come and see for yourself, I promise you will have a great time !!
At work on chillz
I keep hearing about you on twitter right now! where do I find ur music at???
Just registered Team TRX for NorCal with This is going to be amazing!
copywriting is expressing the benefits of being a customer... to the customer.
yeah but you're going to be the jealous one this week!!!
RT CHECK OUT&FOLLOW! MUSEUM 4 YOUTH! HIGHLY IMPORTANT!
More followers
what a pretty ay it is today here in houston isnt it?? go outside and enjoy!
On my way to the marketing analytics summit by
do we have cvs' around here?
People of Twitter, this is some great hockey right here.
I'll keep 'em coming. ": look forward to your tweets."
New Orleans weather is very nice
LMAO! The best tweet of the night, by far.
Free Cha Cha beer koozie to the first 20 cans or bottles of beer ordered tonight in the Cha Cha Lounge!
I love my iPod now I can see people's emojis haha
I hate it when you have to be nice to someone you really want to throw a brick at.
lets grind these b*tches down. LETS GO
Idk why they ask you do you smoke marijuana, if yes how often.... like I'm going to really say yes
Still suck at tweets. Forcing new ones every hour. Hour 1: a French wine hangover seems much more pleasant than an American wine hangover.
officially getting my braces off in 34 hours!!!
Observations & themes: Land in WI getting really tight. Cash rents continue to climb. Even on land considered marginal.
This bus driver is listening to some funky jams
I bought the video access! :) “: That's why we make al the videos available!”
ok, I'll be back in waverly tomorrow, back in school wednesday
hey Stephen :P
Cannot think of a more beautiful city in the rain—Paris...although Baltimore has similar charms in a dowsing
I think you & jessi & i need to get together & hang out (: Ahaha sound good?(: -Samantha
Im trying to think up slogans for so far my top is "Bold as brass to kick your ass" what do u think
Also, too: #English569 looking forward to skyping with at beginning of today's class to talk social media + collection tips.
Bought episode of tv show legally from Amazon. Have spent last 1.5 hours trying to get the DRM to work.
#Lorton Furnace Rd has a crash closing the roadway at Landfill Dr.
Baby, I thought that we had something Compared to him, I'm next to nothing
Fun Fact: The Titanic was built in Ireland!
Really? Why have we not heard anything about this before?
Don't waste too much time stacked-up on a hobby thinking itz a career.
Cool! Thanks, George!
Love that Cuyahoga County is taking on #opengov. Cleveland has been a rockstar partner in social enterprise w
What a way to end the week! Just signed a new client & it's an organization we're proud to represent. Can't wait to share the details w/ u
Join.me. Pretty slick. No session archiving, though. iPad app is groovy.
I'm sleeping in tomorrow till 6:04 a. m. and I don't care who knows it
Fuck friends if u need friends that mean u can't be by urself fuck em who need friends wen u got money
RT : beauty alert: "For spring, manis are no holds barred—rock star designs, sci-fi finishes & retro-mod brights," says...
That sign was in my car 3 hours ago. snagged a few from me at an awesome meet and greet.
no its free just press play . Mite not work on ur phone if u don't have the latest flash update on ur android
thanks for the follow check us out at www.MorenoValleyTestonly.com
What do you all listen to when you work out? Music? Audiobooks? Podcasts? What's your favorite?
The 2012 version of Will Perdue or Bill Wennington may have just saved season... or at least a 1st round #NBAPlayoffs exit.
my hair is new very relaxed. So that's something.
Pluralized by selfish pursuit & disruptive humanism. Dim storm stomping spirits bring chaos to every picnic to lounge back with solutions.
10 hits and nine walks and yanks have 3 runs? Come on fellas. Fuck Detroit
Night twitter <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
RT : next best thing to blogging is supporting people who blog - ancient Chinese proverb #BlogathonATX << Awesome.
Still can't get the hang of this
Such Linda Gehringer fans that we find ourselves in Berkeley to see her in Bill Cain's "How to Write a New Book for the Bible"
It was Warhol and Dolly Parton
Start looking to your future and what you want
I'm so glad you participate in
I'm not allowed to.. Oh whatever.. Goin doin it! Cause I love you!
Just a quick note on the website... for the moment we're only able to accept PayPal and Google Checkout. All other payment forms next week.
Jamming pandora did something right
What happened to the polar bear?
My love for Twitter is pathetic because really... twitter is pathetic
Thanks for supporting us in the Hard Rock Battle of the Bands :D We didn't win... but can you really say we're hard rock anyway?
RT : Econ is a theory. You can never look at anything through one lens. And we don't live in a perfectly competitive society.
Its been forever since I been to church , Let's see how things go .... Church Bound (:
That's like, my worst nightmare x100. (shudder)
Did u know that we r a nationally ranked teaching hospital? Pediatric Emerg. Dept? Primary Stroke Ctr? Accred.Chest Pain Ctr? WE ARE!
Only humans can do the most imprtnt asssmnt, but we need to use cognitive aids when we can, and really think about the tech
“: SpaceX now shooting for a May 19 launch for COTS 2”rt
love this new song Paradise , wow so good ! viva le Coldplay
I need to go get sumin to eat. My stomach starting to hurt now!
Downloading new widgets to my iMac!
Pietrus and Avery have been fantastic tonight.
A person can only withstand so much tolerance.
I was really just curious to see if people thought it was a sentence! On a mental status exam, it does not count as one.
Formula Ta Success : Hard Work + Patience + Squares Out Yo Circle = Achieve To Dreams #NEVA Could I Slow Down
i'm the CA college grad that just added you. Do you know anything about Blastoff yet?
I hate me.
Start collecting bricks & antique clothes irons. I only have a lying press, my bonefolders, sharp knives, rulers & good brushes.
Art of beer is only 2.5 hours away. Get your VIP tickets soon
haha thanks :) is she saying PYHU? i cant tell but it looks like it lol
APEX seeking small businesses and non profit organizations to join APEX Share Expo - Oct 29.
aww, thank you! (:
hope the off season is treating you well!! Cant wait for next season when I can sport my #9 jersey!!!!
Dont feel good at all!!:( Really sick:/
Soul Swagger Entertainment * Marketing Music Worldwide. How that Sound?
glad I shared then.
I. Am. Exhausted!
“: Whoever started that RIP Justin Bieber rumor is sick! It's not nice to get people's hopes up like that.” lol
KBOO is airing this meet and greet live!
Do you have a fever?
yeah...at least Damon won't leave...well, we hope so!
today I learn: there is no wifi in North Korea so I can't live there for that reason alone...
Who are you to tell some there not good enough , who are you to give hate? . I know what it feels like. It gets to me too .
I will officially be done with college one week from today!
If all these schedule leaks are true, imagine the #Packers and #Vikings meeting in the Vikes' last game before moving from Minnesota.
lolol I would too!
unfortunately not surprising...
You too!
would not argue that assessment >>> “: Problem with NFC needs post is SF had a hole in O-Line even when Rachal was starting"
Invest less in bullets, and more in schools.
Startin With Me
back atcha! I had a great time. Thanks for having me!
Thank you kindly for the #FF, !
The drawing is surprisingly effective as a percussive phenomenon! Life is good here -- hope you are well too --
Setting up Twitter to be used during the Democratic National Convention
#team undertaker
In general, men<U+0092>s foods are not actually all that different from those of Nutrisystem dietary programs
the sightlines are even bad for flashing. not cool, brick, not cool.
You should of opened your eyes, i was crazy for you!
I love you too Meli mel. You're truly one of a kind-I wouldnt trade U 4 the world Sis:)
About to perform Sweet by Leslie Scalapino's!
Congrats to Lara Logan, who was promoted to full-time correspondent on Expect to see to be promoted next.
you're really very lucky to meet in person JB I dream every day
Bron be too calm and laid back
RISE UP RISE UP RISE UP
this is the greatest thing ever. Here's to more years :)
Uh , in the bathroom with the light off !
I thought my manager was outside my door pretending to be housekeeping, I yelled "SHUT UP I'm going" it really was housekeeping, I am a jerk
me too! I love bananas for breakfast with yogurt and granola too!
It start to rain here south jersey where the snow dame it
Still hold off on performing windshield repair as the next line of storms comes in to SW OKC. A tight schedule is becoming tighter,
sexy pants!!!!
Are you sitting next to someone's pretty wife and talking about soccer?
#SMPP can't wait to learn!! With and
#iwannaslap britney spears. was she predicting dancing till the world ends? bitch maybe i wanna do something else
Upper room artist showcase every Tuesday | Intimate setting, great food & drinks, & raw talent | $7 | 7PM - 10:30PM |
“: I would like to be an actress sometimes just to role play” I'm telling tatica you want to become a pornstar lmao jk
#ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage her extensions.
is sucha cutie(: FOLLOW HER
Thanks for following , Nick! It is a beautiful Easter morn here in NY;however, There is nothing like Easter in Greece!
I'd like to thank for his support.
totally agree!
still one of the sexiest women i feel anyways.. :)
Those days When all you really want is to listen to Music all day '<3
- probably the fight in the first one in the other agent's house. So creative.
Ouch! he just needs some time ..I liked his feet...we agree on most ...this will be fun to see how it plays out
Turpin High School, Cincinnati, OH.
I knew it! I peered through the hole in the nine half expecting to see the entrance to the hatch
That sounds like fun :)
Sometimes I think I became too nice of a person....
when you say it for the first time it takes alot of courage
Watching Bruce Springsteen videos from his concert in East Berlin in my foreign policy class.
Goodbye forever, you goddamn 405 with the shitty, shitty human beings that frequent you.101 it is.
I agree! Forward! He was & is timeless. (is that an oxymoron?) Besides Stevie's bass on the keys, Nate Watts always kills me!
RT : 3M Touch Systems will be at the Total Media tradeshow, in IFEMA - Madrid, presenting our last news on MULTI-TOUCH.
Another #Haiku — One, two, three, four, five | I can hear you mentally | counting syllables
It feels so weird without a beard.
Them: Oh you use UNIX?! What are you coding in? Me: COBOL.. -_- Them: O__o;
Awesome! I will be there!
YES WE DO!!
Well i guess im gonna go watch Toy Story now. Game's over
thank you so much. They are so much a part of the family!
didn't realize you were on twitter. looking forward to chatting again soon. got a fun earthquake story for ya
I'm moving to Baltimore and visiting there this week. Where do I go for (your) coffee? Shop recs?
it's what I do!
changed back to my pjs.. :(:(
In case you didn't already know, we're offering FREE DELIVERY before noon from 3/5-3/7. Check out our previous tweets & FB posts for deets!
Son. this is my dad's old jean jacket from back in the day. I been had this. I showed u when u were at my house.
Birthday party for the Blazer twins.
ahh, group troubleshooting as our class tries to install a browser app...general chaos
my Packers lost, so I'm rooting for my 2nd favorite team...da 49ers!!!!! I'm headed to the west coast next weekend, let's go red/gold!!!
I like , she's my favorite!
Shit yu wanna choose Hell Ima make it easy for yu I ain't got time for the bullshit
well at least I can say I tried to get you to do it! My job is done ;)
eye of the tiger. eye of the tiger.<3
Glad to be back on Twitter.....took a little break!
It's funny how there are cute fat girls, but you'll never see any cute fat guys.
kelsey!!, you so nasty mane! Lol.
I Feel Like <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>.
Blake Griffin and Reggie Evans high fived each other over an opponents head they called it taunting it was just silly
Some pet foods have been specially formulated to have a targeted effect on plaque & tarter.
Should have those invites by the morning for you guys. :) Will PM once I have more in hand.
Sober Saturday night :)
ets - just heard four gunshots off berkman while taking a practice break.
Feel awful for Nick Collins, a true primetime player that helped us win a Super Bowl. Sad day for the #Packers organization.
Ugh... is anyone else's cantata taking FOREVER to finish?
I don't appreciate how you told me not to call or email to follow up on the order I have not received. Get it together
WE'RE KICKING OFF THE CRAZIEST TEEN BASHES THIS SUMMER STARTING 2NYT @ CLUB MANSION! DOORS OPEN @ 7!
Get off your ass and come drink with me at Lilly's. You may be able to talk me into buying shots...
Me: likes country music. He's officially awesome. Dad: I just lost all respect for him. Wow dad...just wow...
Ohmygosh, I just realized that Randy looks like Craig T.!
good now that its over lol how about you
Jamming with some whiskey to dropkick Murhpy's now!! Johnny cakes after that, then the afternoon fixx kicks off your friday!!
I wish I wasn't such a coward.
Thanks for the support & the RT!
school gives me a headache
too much tequila or not enough?
An analog tweet to slow me down. Create. It's still poetry month.
That's a natural fit. That game in Chapel Hill a few years ago was supremely spirited.
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. Today is a gift. That's why it's called the present.
Its almost may, and other states have 3 feet of snow? Really? Hurry summer!
:-) RT : RT : TWIN ANCHORS! TWIN ANCHORS! TWIN ANCHORS! Ha. < I got it now lol
I heard about the dude with the ski mask.
Stop singing, David. Thanks.
The customer survey from the AT&T helpdesk went into my spam folder in my AT&T webmail.
Happy Monday to you, too!
Watching Shaq's comedy special. Comedians talking bout sex n shit.
Now seeing Horrible Bosses at the movie theatre!
ah don't be proper up in here
Heads will roll.
its gonna be a rager
Of all the issues of aging, the one that gets me the most is short term memory loss. People laugh about it but it's truly a curse.
Anderson: metadating with Movie Tagger to create movie metadata for searching film clips
RT "Dude, don't look at us." ~ South Carolina
I estimate that prevalence of cash sales is dragging down observed house prices by about 2 percent.
Xmas came early! is dropping profane science thru my ipod.
I have butterflies 0___o
just got your message.lol
Thanks for the follow, Maxwell. Hope all is good.
getting my anger out by tweeting i swear if i can build up the guts i will say something next time i see you
where do you live? i come to you and we'll go together! haha. <U+2665>
At a coffee shop in the East Village. Was initially ashamed to pull out my iBook G4, but then I noticed the chick next to me has a Dell.
Oh - I did wear the cupcake box hat, but we decided I need to make a smaller box for max cuteness. One day.
-- I've noticed, but why?
<U+0093>History will be kind to me, for I intend to write it.<U+0094> - Winston Churchill
I'm really looking forward to my first mixer tomorrow! tells me it's best way to network w/ #LGBT biz community
Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you. But simply to say thank you, for all I have.
Thanks for the follow! I'm really enjoying your feed! :)
"Ohh you only have one tattoo?? Yeaa you're totally tatted up" <- things my cousin say :)
Lets write our names on a cloud, break sum down, Roll it up and pass it all around
He's done tonight. Too long of a delay.
Great interview with Robin Harrington note the giving vs taking approach to LA.
Wow!! How's England over there?? I live here in LA , Cali I wish u the best 2012!!! Have a great night and happy new years!!!
How how how
how you doing?(:
fuck wrong account
Cant wait for senior picnic !!
Oh! That's a neat idea... hm!
#SDCC who wants to trade a Lego Harry potter bag for my big bang theory bag?
i love you even more when you show your sensitive emotions to me
Getting you to work on time this morning with traffic updates on 93.1 Doug FM.
I want a midnight snack
rejoice and love yourself today, cause you were....
Robert, thanks so much. What email should I send a script to? Thank you! Matthew
Are all black people crackheads because Whitney was? No. A Pitt bites a kid & the whole species is vicious...makes sense. Not.
what is there to do today?!
Thanks so much for the #ff love and loyal readership!
Studio recording for our 2nd LP is complete!!
feel better cutay ;D
glad you like the FB page too. The more we share the more easy it will be to be open.
I'm looking for a job. Food, here I come.
Happy New Year!!!
If not one thing, it's another.
I would love to hear that kid on a microphone. Possibly with a loooper.
: I have an unused comp code. Can I pick up vouchers at Memorial Union?
Chillin with and in La La Land ... where u at ?
I dig.
greens are slow. Go low!
I KNEW IT #aha Moment! Your mean I haven't lost in like 4 months!
tonight in cincy!!!!! Macs pizza pub 10 o'clock in clifton. Awesome night of rock with & kat smo!!!!!
so physched for the valentines day dance! especially candy grams!! i'll send a personal one to my bestest friend and love of my life spencer
RT : Shout out to oak ridge high school band jamming today at . Droppin some beats.
nterested in watching exciting hockey , Game 7 WHL FINALS @ 5pm, door is open and my grill is fired up. The Winterhawks !
My trophy scene w/ is on tonight!!!
Does the grocery store tell you they mark up a gallon of milk before they ring you up?
RT To love and be loved in return>>
For Sale: 5619 SE CARLTON ST. $259,900 Beautiful Earth Advantage home in Woodstock. Unique floor plan: 3 bed 2.5 bath and in-law bonus room.
Girl, if I had that body I'd be strutting everywhere I went.
I know I know just messing with you. How's it going?
1 more winner for the pick-3!!!
Wow... Seriously 2 years of having your liscence is not "experienced."
Apartment hunting is a pain in the butt.
If you search maestro says it should be on there brudda. Remember to request me so I can hear what you got goin on!
Wikipedia's music categories are pretty tenuous but amazing. Check out power pop!
Cleverness is not wisdom...Euripides
thanks for following - we're going to check out your show now. Do we need to get tipsy first? ;)
RT : Shout out #SlapYourSelf a trending topic!!
Falling Doesn't Make You a Failure, Staying Down Does.
Pretty sure BYX team could do better than michigan's offense
I'm listening to mackie baby by your brothers on my way back home from tulsa. <3
Hey Alex! Has New Media scheduled second Saturdays for May?
I love 'Mahogany' too!
if I follow you will you buy me a street sausage?
Minneapolis, Minnesota- need females for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 225 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
DIE BITCH DIE choke on a chicken bone
SUPER SPECIALS TODAY* Get a bottle of Luminary lotion 50% off! Puchase 4 or more Instant tans for $9.99 each!
: Thanks for spreading the news!
Impressed with but not sold that the #Browns can afford to give away picks to get him at 2
RT "Sour D got me touchin the moon" wat the hell g u holdin out on me lol no homo!
Crazy people.
Just by reading a few of your last tweets, I can tell you're watching My favorite! :-)
We entered the contest to be on the Local Stage at Edgefest this year. Voting is 4/9-4/20. Hope you vote for us!
Thx for the follow, Mike. We Seattle people like Londoners since we have the same weather & umbrellas & lose our shades equally.
I wana go home. I have a lot of things to do.
Booking BOUDOIR shoots now for the love in your life! Vday is around the corner. Book today! 818 514 5608 or
Great job tweeting at #cbf12 looking forward to seeing you around Twitter.
Gulliver's Long Weekend
great day with you and the wife
cool. What a good son :)
t minus 5 days till training kicks off! here we go!
If you ask me, the world needs all the Wow! it can get.
LOL.....Im good though
I can give you 123 thousand reasons to vote, but only one matters. I care about you, I care about Democratic Values. I value the bylaws
u finally finish, surviving the applewhites?? i finished it on wednesday, it wasn't tht good but i liked it:D
Watching w/ & mini me!!
Experiencing my first toasted poptarts ever
I have a qoute on qoute swollen tounge....can i have a medical mystery morning off! Lol
THANK YOU EVERYONE WHO TUNES INTO OUR ACOUSTIC PERFORMANCE!
That's what's good
technically, over here, turns 16 in about 34 hours :') #AustinIs16 <U+2665>. who's excited? I AM<U+2665>
RIP Carroll Shelby
check out our clearance section on hockeygiant.com. we always have killer deals going on
I know! I can't believe that I actually enjoy working out in the morning too!
Omg,This girl really think her baby is cute..Dont know to tell her ,her daughter is not..Smh I'm going keep my mouth close..
Yes RT HUGE NEWS! #Personhood deemed so misleading, it cannot appear on 2012 ballot in Nevada.
even tho she be she be demanding some times
They got a new lil dude in br that sick with them beats ...he da truth Lil dude name Ag u need to hit that man up ASAP
Love, love that show.
Congratulations Enjoy cutting down the nets...you've waited a long time for this.
RT #niallwhipshispenis back and forth! just whip! i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it! <i am good
RT : RT : just because the tide is out it doesnt mean there is less water in the ocean
The college student in me wishes it could enjoy happy hour for fat Tuesday, but the real world me has to be at work.
i whip my hair back and forth
My energy is focused time to double up.
so sweet. Thanks Jake - it was fun to create. Enjoy the rest of the semester.
Haven't got much left.
Baked #organic chicken, sautéed green beans w shiitake mushrooms, & Rosemary sweet potato fries..delicious dinner.
Not to be outdone, Today Mitt Romney endorses black marriage.
Let it rain, I'm ready for the cool down!!!!
hey your cute, do I know you? ;D
i hate science -.-"
“: Escape your comfort zone.” ~ My account here is mainly an attempt to do that very thing. Good advice!
' Lol Cc telling me about her daddy!
Who's excited for the possibilities? I am.
Of course you can hear the ocean in that seashell. YOU'RE STANDING IN THE TIDES!!
There Is No Tolerance When Age Doesn't Exist.
AAAAAHHH MY DRESS ISNT READY YET FROM THE DRY CLEANERS!
Deal #proudparents “: No alimony and you can name him. Deal? (s)He can be friends with 's sugar glider”
Chris & I are really the only ones trying? Lame.....
I should go out of town more often. I get more job offers and requests to audition for things now.
So tired of lazy people. I'm going to smack a B!
lol I know its so depressing here, we'll have to talk about it soon!
Mustache man of the day
Going down the checklist. Tech rehearsal. Check. Costume options. Check. Makeup map. Check. Now what to do about hair... ::sigh::
wwhen i was little i wanted to be one of the fruit of the loom mascots. the grapes or the apple. I like the apple guy's hat!
Our wednesday night group ran 7 miles including 13 hills. Fun watching all of the flashlight beams bouncing around in the complete darkness
what are those?
Congrats to you, too!
You know it! :)
I cant explain how badly i want to go #skateboarding right now!!!!!!
That awkward moment when its dead quiet in class and your chewing and everyone hears you/:
Have mercy!
I'm sure house parties in the UK are so much better than the US...they suck here
You were having bad luck I'm sorry to say.... First your earring then your MacBook?
indeed very fun. How old are you ?
your project all as so well ;)
you light up our office. Literally!
Yup called it. Got themselves in and took themselves back out. Game 6 is do or die, can't stomach to think of what Game 7 could mean.
Its hard being On a diet
I wish that the iconic and justin bieber follow me
im so tired
its gone start about 10 something
just ordered my first dr martens and they have the union jack on them asdfhskjdfhskjdh im so happy
Why are you making my tax filing miserable w/ your Home Deluxe crappy programing? Don't hire 5 year-olds to code the help section
Well, looks like we found the next 10 cities for President Clinton to visit on a "goodwill tour"...
Thanks, sir.
Euclid loved things palpable. As I do. :: RW
Which is Lee?
So mad!
I see you are working on a new version of Shine. Looking forward to it! It's the only good weather app I've found for iPhone.
if you like that then you should see what I make toilet paper do in the bathroom... (hint: it has to do with wiping my butt)
Here's How to Watch TV Shows Anywhere, Anytime | Apartment ...
“: No I saw haywire. RT did you go see contraband? was it good?” Haywire good or all hype?
Agree re: crowd sourcing, diff term totally needed
my brackets would be fucked, but the 1st 2 rounds are for the underdogs.
we all will
Paul Revere rocking on my speakers! My fav Beastie song.
Sometimes we want more than what we can have. But don't lose what you already have looking for something you don't.
I've wondered that, too. You're a FB genius! :-) But for me that format (FB) keeps me silent for some reason. Different strokes?
of course! thanks for following back!
that was a great night. Congrats again man.
I think my second tweet ever just crashed Twitter. AND GMAIL. Is this what hell will be like?
will be at Rainbow Fest. Hope 2 C U there! RT : have Saboten-con to attend, Rainbow festival ...
maybe try yelling "Expelliarmus" and run away.
Like, Sherri Shepherd is all up on my TV screen and yet I'm here. #InTheImmortalWordsofKeithSweat Somethin' somethin' just ain't right.
Does leaving mean we (hopefully) get more of you and Allah Pundit at Hot Air? #hopingformoreEd&AP
I found a couple of my records in some NYC record stores today. Something about that makes me feel good.
awesome twitter handle.
: Wayne Graham - Head of R&D, UVa Library Scholars' Lab; The Obi-Wan Kenobi of Programming
girls never make sence, one day they are fighting, then they are taking each others side?
Cross-eyed but inspired from reading applications for next Master of Arts Mgmt cohort
man that guitar hero guy is awesome. Is he the world record holder?
thank you so much daisy <3
#Medeco #SmarteCylinderSolutions Reduces liability associated with lost or stolen keys
Play girl!!! So proud of you!!! Look her up!
Lover, you shouldn't have died and let this happen. RT : Robert Pattinson to play Jeff Buckley in biopic?
did you eat any?!
Going to my first NHL hockey game tonight with my buddy Darren here in AZ. We are going to see the Coyotes vs. Red Wings! Cool!
Those of us at healthEscore are working hard to revolutionize the fitness industry. Stay tuned for more!
oh shit man. She shouldn't be dealing with stress right now! Damn.
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, And I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten, the cankerworm, and the...
oh my. I won't be watching because she and Pooch are the stars. The show is done.
He was in Grand Junction on Sunday today he's in Colorado Springs same with Thursday Friday in Denver Saturday in Fort Collins.
sorry i didnt get it to you sooner :(
Feeling good!!:)
Casey Co is still going til Friday
#YouCuteAndAllBut you ain't no Beyonce girl. Any nigga would leave you in a heartbeat for her lol
MORE MORE MORE
Still interested in a show w/Monique Stein in Tampa? she's the mom who went blind to save her kids sight? Asked me 2 to ask U
I LOVE one direction .!(:
did you know Pullen Park won the Community Enhancement Award from TCREW? Woot!
not that I can tell. It isn't a lot (just a few navigation items at the top), but the drawer is no longer a drawer...
Where was everybody today?? Nobody came to 5th?
My boyfriend thinks he's huge...the only thing huge about my boyfriend is his obsession with WOW
If I'm drunk & we having sex just know that sh*t getting wild..
because we're frands!!!
Pulling Christmas decorations out of storage for Decorating Day! Holiday Tours start Nov. 18th.
Watching walk in on someone in a stall... Priceless
I'm in love. O! I'm a believer. I couldn't leave her if I tried. #monkeys RIP Davy Jones
what? You're confusing..
ok I had to unfollow him to was getting ridiculous
whose taxes has Obama raised? Taxes are already at historic lows, get real
Pandora.com, Google Music, Amazon Cloud Player en beetje Spotify.
: Welcome to the #DawgpoundNation! Use to work with your cousin Monique Lett. Good luck!
There are plenty fish in the world please don't steal my fish
Instead of waking up to birds chirping, I'm going to bed with birds chirping
finally someone online
On second thought, I shouldn't ask people what they are having for lunch until after I am doing eating. I want pizza now. Fail.
I love you Ash, Kevin, and baby Kolton. Praying he will be okay. God has a plan
I'm up to the challenge! Bauer can't handle Chicago ;-) RT "Jack Bauer does more in an hour than Ferris Bueller can do in 24."
Why do creatives never get to travel/go to fun client events? I understand we're the #SecretWeapon, but come on.
Catching glimpses of daughter on the wood at Heat v Celtics.
go with it! I need to check into getting one of those shirts!
I think I am being stood up by a student I waited an extra 2 and half hours for. Grr...
That one is boring! You want one with more style
We are filling up fast #nashvillerestaurants! got added to the roster today!
Will score another one? We need to get in the game...
Big week ahead. Let's see how the 3 jobs plays out. One classroom at a time. Learning English is cool, teaching ESL is cooler!
Not a reference shift goes by that I don't end up filing on behalf of a poor confused patron. The site confuses me and I'm a professional.
Practice time :)
Show em how the game is played today cuz, Make sure you stay healthy though!
your desk is giving me anxiety
submitted for the SAG feature film Predators aka Predator 2 which will be shooting this fall in Hilo on the Big Island of Hawaii. Aloha!
Had a dream I was moving to Houston. Let's hope this is a sign that I get a job with the Texans or Astros in the next few years
It would be AWESOME! (unless of course you were the delinquent party...)
This Wed at 7:30 pm Jean Enersen will host a Healthlink Special "Whooping Cough Epidemic: Protecting Our Families." Tune in to learn more.
Nightmare on elmstreet
Follow me please! #AmericanHunter, just kidding
I have started to "favorite" the tweets I want to check out their links so I can do it when I have time. List is getting long though...
Interesting choice for
Free tours today starting at 2pm! We also have 4pm and our happy hour 6pm tour today!
I feel so sick today
we follow eachother already
You can run, but you can't hide.
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>this guy is probably so mad right now watching the lakers game
Rangers-Kings Cup would be fantastic for the sport and LA. And totally impossible to predict. Like all hockey, I guess.
join us at THE NICE ASH tonight 9:00!! Great music with IRISH TWISTS!
did I say I know everything... mind your flocking business. Don't read my tweets. Close your eyes when you see them.
killin it at Central Catholic auction
RT Shiny exercise equipment being moved into the new work gym! Seriously excited.
Opps it closed at 4, walking the canal instead
Crush it!
I ate at German Marisco's last night. I have to say kick _ss Shrimp Quesadila! They also have the best fish tacos for 99 cents.
is think of changing his name to 'multi-syllabic rapper'.
Homemade pizza, spaghetti dogs, an ice cream run and two chick flicks with some pretty great girls :) I have awesome friends.
Going to go walk and get starbuckss
yea that bitch MOB nigga
okay, if I can see your stunt ramp, we're not doing so well.
I wanna take to rita's on Friday in my good ol home town of burtonsville
She was petty in a crystal meth kind of way.
Depressed Hawaiians/Displaced Haitians. Tomato/tomato.
My #fridayreads are a couple of terribly exciting #libraryschool textbooks and Empire of the East.
Thanks for the RT!
hope she dont read that tweet though lmfao
Half of the school is going to the Disney Trip. Im jealous <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
not exactly in cc but I think there r ones in NLibs and def Greys Ferry email me for deets at
If you only smoke when you're drinking you have to make sure you drink a lot. Otherwise you'll want a cigarette all the time.
never fails to piss me off.
loved your latest blog post. It would be great to connect. Any way I can pick your brain over the phone/skype next week?
EC tonight #yeehaw save a horse, ride a cowboy!
#FreeNatedogg happy birthday by the way haha
A smile is the best makeup any girl could wear.
wait is that a computer science joke?
all good I use Saran wrap!
115 Lewis Wharf in Boston's North End. Validated parking or easily accessible by the T @ the Aquarium stop.
mortgage loan officer and processing/underwriting is too segregated, no lines of comms, leading to a missed closed date.
I'm in snow. Boarding gear is gonna be on for a minute lmao
I'll Follow You, Jon McLaughlin
Time to show my face to this world. *loads shotgun* *grabs grenades*
KUSI: More than 40,000+ local jobs in San Diego are port-related. One of out every two cars is transported thru port.
When you really think about it, Twitter is kind of stalkerish... "I'm following you, and everything that you do..." Creepy!
#FMU US History class members, check ur inboxes for info about tomorrow's class
you live not that far from me!! i live in Port Angeles!!!
Well, the question is if the Spurs will play their A team or B team. Suns can def beat the B team.
oh making me super jell
some kind I haven't decided yet
i think that i have the flu h1n1 :(
lol #noncommittal Still in the desert??
YES SIR FAM'!!!! SAME HERE
i wonder wat kind would tani get? lol i called her tani, she gonna kill me, smh.
Awww that sucks hun, but I'm glad you're feeling better! Being sick is no fun!! omg I know...Are you gonna try and meet him?
it always feels so much better when your hair is cut!
Does he play golf? My principal started following Tiger Woods and has become Mr. Promoter of Twitter
The Spy Kids are coming back? WHY
FIFA 12 that is on xbox
correlated big utility data for the #smartgrid is NOT only in consumptions: efficiency, facility, maintenance, behaviors, PV, DR, Industry..
cool :) I will let you get back to it. BTW you have the perfect bio, inspiring actually, except the last part #TeamSwedish ;)
Old lady with a 12 year old chav's haircut
Girls that text with no emotion <<<
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! I WISH YOU THE VERY BEST! I LOVE YOU AND IM PROUD OF BEING PART OF YOUR FAMILY!! Sorry for all the caps! <3
for sure :)
we gonna be at carlos house so that wil work
...I don't think that I trust you talking to her
Happy birthday to my beautiful, Smart, Bestfriend in the whole word! i love ya katie!:)
please! Let's take over! Surprise judges: Kaylee & Rachel!
like, when Justin tweeted #family. I expecting to see his parents, siblings, but i saw Beliebers. he really means it.
guys. stop making so much drama about the whole cody/jake/campbell thing. they're friends. they joke around. you shouldn't be on (cont.)
"Nothing in life is more important than the ability to communicate effectively." - Gerald R. Ford, 38th President of the United States
Hope all have a blessed day!!!
“: what are you producing with??? beautiful music coming from your corner!” appreciate it!! Maschine all day
Good luck with your move :-)
O Juicy J
is that normal? RT Blackberry want to charge me $49 a ticket by problem 4the 5 problems I'm having getting this new phone working!
I've been reading about this ice hockey thing. Maybe I'll become a fan to fill the gaping void in my heart left by basketball
Hi Mark what is the most effective approach that a non union actor with no rep. In regards to pilot season?
well excuse me!
The Region 7 AOS II panel has now concluded. Stay tuned for the Region 7 AOS I panel tomorrow.
I'd be willing to bet that was a pretty kick-ass show. Devo has always been one of my favorites from the 80s. Take care and TTYL.
what up foo?
I'll dm it to you
I'm having a random urge to run the coliseum ramps at Beard-Eaves in Auburn.....
Well Drew gordon is out. Time to go home and paint. :/
hey, hey, heeyyy :] there a bong in here, were gonna rip this shit!
um...multiple personalities? lol
Ch. 8! RT : Live implosion coverage & I will be on air at 2:28 am. in the chopper.
happy easter
Like blacklight?yeaRT : Is it possible to get a tat in UV?
but that still doesn't mean I don't miss HyPhy
Whats your favorite Big Time Rush song??
does anyone know what magazine justins shirtless photoshoot was for? CAUSE IM BUYING THAT SHIT
We're now tweeting from Follow us for our latest updates!
WHAT'S GOOD FAM u in the chi
what time do u go on tonight?
Best tout so far: 'you and I are going to be best friends'.
then they probably caked with some cake
they'll love you! Ps. I can retweet you..
oregonating. relaxing after a swim & hot tub, trying out my new tiny computer...very cool!
Well where are they callin from? Why are they there? And WHAT are you gonna DO about it?! (gettin in yo biz.. and WWSD?) lol
loves GLEE so much!!!
World Bank on social media has evolved from marketing -> listening & engaging -> making it a core program feature.
Might just kill these girls on my bus.....
I liked the potato skins better. :)
ur too funny!
Yeah, not gunna happen.
Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale.
That's tight haha. Where was he talking about that song?
God Morning back atcha! =)
don't stress! the stress hormone cortisol leads to carbohydrate cravings, overeating & abdominal fat
Just did a shot of Tequila using the salt from a pretzel bag, shaping up to be a Good Friday!
It's the "ideas that work" guy - thanks for following we look forward to your tweets
Deep Racial bias is what I read in his words.
ROCKED the #Gentiva national recruiting call presentation today on
doesn't it almost always feel that way? :-)
The New York Times conducted a life-cycle assessment of both to see which came out ahead.
They want to know my skillset. I just want to write noobrarian.
Ok... Rawksome is my new favorite word... :b
Shout Out to my Homies!
(I secretly love the "ours is the fury" House Baratheon shirt, though)
Don't fear failure. <U+FFFD> Not failure, but low aim, is the crime. In great attempts it is glorious even to fail.
Finally out of work plus im off the rest of the week spring break will feel the wrath of cpope
LET'S GET THIS PARTY STARTED. on 9/4, that is.
Kate Parker talking about how her students can appreciate the choices made by 18th anthologists in their own online archive
What did you get?
This company is not reputable. I recently purchased the VKEK and it does not work. Beware!!! I am not allowed a refund.
Final stretch to finish #daydreamsandnightmares it's coming June 2012
but this is a big deal...so do it! lol
If you write about Pinterest, the font Harlow Solid Italic goes well with their logo.
Making progress on the cookbook today... Yay!
- or put another way - the wiring is different ;)
when will this photo show take place?
Happy Valentine's Day From Zarletti!
Back in NYC
anything on whether aoki deal got done in time or not?
Everything but the drums, right? RT Listening to some new and with
Thanks for returning the follow Dave, see you soon at Dark Horse.
There's something delightful about explaining to Airport Security what a 3D printer is and why you're checking it.
I love you.. I'm listening to him on pandora right now and he knows how to cheer me up for sure
But I think to be a legitimate playoff contender they'll need a couple blue liners, not just one.
Eliot was diagnosed with 'aboulie' -- lack of will. While recovering, he wrote The Waste Land (Menand)
off to for "Matthew" night with aka Matty Rocks.
Tx! RT : thank you to the lovely ladies today for a fantastic meeting! These events are going to be fantastic!
RIP Christopher Hitchens.
Routines are secure, safe; you know what to expect. Living is trying something new & learning.
Loving your piece today on Rihanna.
you're a funny bitch, that's why I steal your tweets everyday
Lol Yeah, that might not be good! Haha Thanks! :)
What it do Cam? Just had to say it was an honor and pleasure workin for ya in MKE. Enjoy retirement and God bless sir.
whoever is driving the 36 going north picking up at Randolph right now is my FAVORITE DRIVER EVER. SO sweet & cute.
LMFAO, damn No windows either hahahaha,
The weather must have helped because I don't remember 5.5 miles feeling so easy.
From the moment I met you, everything changed. I knew I had to get you, whatever the pain.
what bar are you at?
there you happy now...
badgers baby. St patty plans?
you won your league? Congrats! Buy your wife something nice. ;)
I'm leaving for yoga right now
No worries. :) There's just a lot of that kind of speculation going on.
If you're not here; I'm paralized without you..<3
THANK YOU !! FOR BACKING OUR FUNDRAISER!!
call me im on my way to cali and my phone went to iphone heaven
no problem :))
looks awesome :D
<-- Thanks for the mention! cc:
The holidays is the worst time to be alone. So i pray to swag i find the righ girl.
hope Len likes your Samba. We don't want to see any 7 or 8's
4 tickets + a large pizza for $48 at Great American April 27 is a absolute steal..
haha sadly no. thanks to , our other intern for putting in the work!
Bacon Banana Cookies Recipe from Epicurious
I Love THE Holloween Episode Of Martin . Make Me LAUGH All The Time
love the list of food themed children's books!
Rolling out in the BMW nbd
drugs have worn off...no longer the Dark Knight...What is wrong w/ you guys, teasing a cripple?! LOL
is heading out on location in Manhattan, Brooklyn and Queens to snap photos and take notes!!!
Transfer deadline day
I want to be victorious with and take home : Time To Shine on Kinect for Xbox 360. Drawing at 5PM EST. <3
"If we love our freedom, we'll have to become free of our oil dependency!"
Lets get gone, yeah me and you
Re solutions to drug war: we deserve better than status quo, we need to discuss new ideas/solutions.
pretty sure you weren't watching the NBA playoffs...
Just getting to know us? Here's a great way to start: Stuffed shells, salad, garlic bread, sm drink for $7+ tax tonight!
Peace out, Pittsburgh. See ya next week.
#SadMomentWhen I live so far away from :(
#recruiter needed in my #philly office.
It's movie night! Come one, come small, and we'll rave and have a ball!
Listening 2 's new album...I don't know her personally but I can't help but be proud of all she's accomplished ...Go mama
football players--organizational meeting 1/19 at 3:45 in the sports complex locker room.
Derek Lowe
My new Narration Demo is up! Feel free to check it out at DaveWallaceVO.com!
I'm on draw something! Add me Kellcee1990 right now, I'm playing with a stranger and a lady I met at the resort :)
This sums up my life RT : It only counts if you saw nipple.
I'll try to stop by the shop this afternoon around 3.
we love your profile pic!!
#WhatsObamaHiding: His record because it is horrible...oh wait...the media does that for him.
Beautiful day in Albuquerque today! How will you make the most if it?
hearing shots outside on a saturday night is kinda unsetting...
cool cool. I'm with Annie and nor
China white >
Time to lapse!
Anybody know where I could get some paraquat. I really need some for my ex boyfriend right about now.
Gah! Why do people have to complicate things?
Saddest moment of my life is in the movie Little Miss Sunshine where the boy finds out hes color blind. I'm also colorblind.
Thanks for the RT Howell Library!
I get so many good comments on my #baking skills, I'm tempted to make it a small #business. ideas?
Advance towards me brotheran :)
In the time it took you to Tweet that you could've had it done.
Fill in the blank: My favorite thing to do on Saturdays is _______. Only 2 more days until the weekend!
Learned Today: Britt, IA has hosted the Natl Hobo Convention for 100+ years. And there they elect the Hobo King.
Tomorrow's to do list includes hanging out with learning about and watching #weightofthenation Gonna be a great day!
All Rise!!! We will be appearing at the Milwaukee Court House today to serve lunch.
A travel show Carmel
RT/ I'm sorry that I late send message to you.I wanted to see your great show!Nagoya in japan,in Aichi./ :) Hope to play Japan!
The world is a very cold and lonely place. Go to your friends and family in times of need.
R.I.P. Jeff Conaway
ROLL TIDE!!! Choose Football!!!
np :) you're welcome x
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
I mean you could of at least tagged me in it if your gunna talk bad about me on twitter <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Why a white boy shooting that three for the lakers? It's a black sport.. Fuxkk chokelahoma
Great discussion today w/ IBM Cloud Academy members re: cloud and security. Enjoyed the comment about brakes helping you to speed.
I'm going to a birthday party!!
"I Love my Maple Girls STAY STRONG!!" -Demi Lovato
The only Real Housewives series I will watch is #RHONY and now the only reason to watch that one is and !
I hope I passed my Eoc tho..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Just saw my father kiss my mom goodbye as he walks out the door to go to work. Oh, I got something in my eyes. Don't mind me. Allergies.
After a night of coughing, its time to get up.
Needing five star hotel exterior and interior luxury suite for our background photo stills. 1 - 2 hr max. Got any contacts?
Thanks to for that great webinar on Facebook really again a lot of info
Due to daytime classes being canceled, the Student Ambassadors' grilled cheese and tomato soup sale has been postponed to next Tuesday.
Research shows if you exercise during pregnancy, you can put on 7 lb less and experience less delivery complications.
Good luck with finals, everyone!
hey bro. You back in town?
lol. did you tap out?
Who's watching? Me! “: interview airs sunday on ``60 Minutes.''”
I just need your hands on me, I crave your touch.
I had microwavable pancakes for breakfast, I'm better than you
oh you didn't tell me . That's awesome !
Costar audition tomorrow!!
I'm recording it!
On that hydrocodonee ehh this shits got me on the moon xD ... Can't wait to see her ! :)
Cory's Dark Beauty show is up! Shay Armstrong will also be doing pink ribbon airbrush tattoo this Saturday at WTC!!!
We'd be lost if it weren't for Peterson Guides.
OMF YOU CAN DRAW ON THE PICTURES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM. I AM SO HAPPY AH
Da fuck?! I would've done the same thing if I was you. Might want to board your window it might break through glass next time<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Sometimes I still unconsciously "wait" through commercials even if I'm watching a DVR recorded show & can easily press FWD. duh!
Decided to watch TMJ4 for a bit...nope still allergic. Carol Meekins still has the same hair after 10 years. WISN12 I'll be right back!
get on that four loko status and come with us YOLO!
It is a very comfortable form of success!
Great pick!
If i am louder would see me would u lay down in my arms and rescue me cuz we are the same....i guess i am not loud enough <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Headed to #SantaFe to #SAR to talk some
RT : I know you have the KEYS to the city! > and I'm about to change the Locks on em'
My bracket is doing awful...
Soccer Fans 2 FREE Midfield tickets to #soundersfc playoff game.. this is the ultimate upgrade tell us why you deserve them!!!
Oh I just saw you are! COOL! Can't wait to read it! Honestly it's almost the same just going by yourself!Not like you talk
Just touched down in Chicago. Ready to see SADE tonight. Its been like 10 years since the last time I seen her.
No hangovers. No early Mondays, no excuses tonight for 1 yr anniversary reopening of Dobbs ! 2floors 12 acts just $5 6pm!
Wow, thought the #Bruins would pull this off. Congrats to the #Caps for the win in this series.
God morning hun! :-)
Like what dude
"We can't let our schools fail by allowing them to be isolated." -Ed Lee
I dare you to click my follow button! for me! :D
: you've been hacked...might want to change your password. Happened to me earlier this week!!!!
Thank you Jerry Thank you Jerry Thank you Jerry
What did you think of the movie?
U just blew up my spot!! As i read this with my Affiction hat on!!! LMAO...you got me!!!
New and popular DVDs - Here’s the scoop on new releases: Out this week Born to Be Wild The Divide Read full ar...
At #SOBA12 at Howard University to talk about the state of black america report. President Marc Morial is speaking.
They let her go. New boss and new direction. We've all been through that before, right?
Thanks. I think the Q is not should there be a markup, but should there b sucha discrepancy btween restaurants in the same city.
In 2013 it'll be 10 years of knowing him
just answered this question for someone! If you're ok being on the down side, jeans are fine, but expect to see many dresses there.
Hey Will you be in town for #FutureofPD conference this friday?
#mydumbinjury got a black eye from bumping heads with someone.
I didn't know that "dildo" had three syllables.
It's time to get to switching & LoMo has to be in there & Gaby is pleny athletic.
It was a recommended purchase on the same page as your lube link from before.
you do fuck some shit up! we still gotta do the rap thing when theyre tuning ;)
Checking out venue's in Atlanta with Actress/Author for her upcoming star-studded book release party.
Just knocked it down to 119 emails. I think I'm good to go.
we posted the mobile but if that fails search hear to party on the mobile YouTube...
So jacked for the game.
You've gone national! What next, guest hosting The Today Show? RT : Tune into Sirius Radio 145 on the air with
": da way u care...u dnt have to show u care by tlking shit..smh"
really good :) watched season 1 and all of season 2 to date on HBO on Demand because I can't commit to watching tv w/o pausing
thanks for letting us INTRUDE on your Fri workout. Can't wait to show #SanDiego what you've been up to!
thanks! You should tweet the x factor and tell them to put me on ;)
TK421, do you copy?
I think the hockey gods punished me for shaving my playoff bread before the season was over. I hold full responsibility Philly & apologize.
I said he look he like an Albino Roach lol dats crazy ...then she said he look like an Albino Wildabeast lol
Iff Yu Take Forevaa '& A Day To Txt Me Bak, I'ma Assume Youu Dead.
nf follow back
In 2wks I will stop having dreams about answering #mlanet12 questions....right?
follow back? Its a good Idea you have
Dr. Pepper, essentially, is carbonated DayQuil. Bleh!
"To loosen up employees, meetings sometimes begin with participants sketching self-portraits."
u can do "what everr" u want lady #YourTime One better... "who cares"
Yeah we do!
"knowing about them only enough to simultaneously acknowledge & dismiss them--to turn them into consumable and easily digestible spectacles
Maybe your feet smell and your socks ran off....Hhahaha JKJK!! :)<3
omg im am dying to get my tickets to MSG!!! if i dont get them i will cry my eyes out!!! LOVE YOU HARRY<3
Thought our dishwasher was broken. Took it apart, put it back together, only to realize I accidentally pressed the "heat dry" off. Oops!
*still not instill
Heard the Knicks are rolling out Willis Reed at center tonite. Healthiest dude on the team.
thank you Theo!
I'm watching the first season of #KUWTK and the episode with shorty is awesome.
: pizza tastes better than broccoli
hope your gig went well!
I work at the airport, play the stock market, and occasionally fix and sell cars! I'm one of the busiest people I know.
It will be great reminiscing in the OId Actors' Home. "You 'member that time we did Gwyd's naked blacklight play?"
#ArtFact: Leonardo da Vinci drew the plans for the first armored car in 1485.
Ugh, Jasmine Villegas is so pretty.
Capital H for Horror.
Question: What's the #1 factor affecting #vasectomyReversal success? Answer: B) time since the snip. Guys < 8yr from vas are best canidates
"We are not just lines in the budget. We are real people with real jobs paying real taxes in Westchester County"
The folks at the FAA sure love their acronyms.
omg that happened to me but with my sweater lol
Hopefully I get a cappucino from valero this morning, you know unless my moms boyfriend wants to be a bitch.
sweet I've got 8 more weeks of hell.
Nothing more rewarding as a parent than watching your kid help the other guy up, after he just got took a flagrant foul from the guy.
#250DollarsCanGetYou a bottle of Grey Goose at a lounge in Chicago. (Chicago twitter trend). Explains this random thought.
Can Tebow make a comeback?
Spectacle of vapor expected from Bernanke speech Tuesday before Congress - but he'll be looking for a way to spook the bears.
Thank you my dear Charles :) Good morning to you as well!
TY! RT : Fantastic super mom + entrepreneurs:
Don't fear the enemy that attacks you, but the fake friend that hugs you..
Bless the #saa2009 twitterati for giving us loads of feedback about our session! (104)
Someone tell me why I'm awake and that I can't go back to sleep.
Fab. Design Tip: Before you shop for that new sofa, measure the area where it is going to go first.
Mar 29,1942: #Churchill told FDR that they were bombing "U-Boat nests to cope with future U-Boat hatchings."
O LORD Jesus; in union w/ Thy most perfect actions I commend toThee this my work;according to your will; for the salvation of all mankind.
and I have to hand in 2 assessments aswell!!
Please turn back and realize who really deserves you, I miss you so much. I wish we can go back how it used to be I Love You <3
Jack Bauer will be unemployed. Can I get his cell phone battery?
RT Thanksgiving? WHAT'S NEXT? People marrying ducks?
I just stream music to my iPhone on 3G. More workers should consider that.
CHER! can you please follow me I love u waited 3 hours to meet you at Glasgow but didn't get to
good and bad at times, not always getting the right message : sounds like you have self-directed learners!
Waitin shop gettin my car worked on. There are so many other things I'd rather be doing right now.
DAMN IT! Well, I close sun, 6-10.
lol...best joke all week!
#rebhan Remember to say "Good afternoon." I've made that mistake when practicing in morining for afternoon delivery. :)
Subway sandwich with no honey mustard sucks.
yeppers and It almost made me cry when u said MJ was ur inspiration!
I refuse to believe Orlando is considered a "small market". I remember when Orlando was considered the "new Hollywood". Let's bring it back!
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe : When Im Cleaning & someone says " You Missed A spot" okay zaam.
Im so stoked for the All Stars tour it's not even funny
Ice cream sundaes on the playground thanks to a volunteer. TGIF, Positive Tomorrows-style.
you got it! They are on their way. Dont forget to grab a free copy of our album preview at the show.
me too RT : I want some BJs
i do that hit that hoe!!!
New "Happy Hours" in Newport or Irvine. To celebrate, stop by tonight and say "NCAA" to receive a free Happy Hour Appetizer!
Ok, so forget that I just posted that link to a very awesome episode of Streamers and Punches. Vimeo is down. Stay tuned for updates.
Good Morning :)
#DunbShitGuysSayonFacebook I have an organ to donate..if ya know what I mean...
- I love it when you talk dirty.
I'd like to see things from your point of view, but i can't get my head that far up your butt(: hahaha
Do me a favor and grab them belts this weekend, thanks! *daps*
Late nights and early mornings; Marsha I know just what is mean.
Friday night was most excellent. I still can't believe people yelled for an encore!
Philip Seymour Hoffman just walked past talking loudly about how he would have to "lower his standards to be w this group" didn't shoot him
Happy New Year to one and all
Oh stop it. You know you're curious.
Some people just need a high-five. In the face. With a chair.
I want it all back
Gotta look through adversity.
Man...my first crew was called the Funky Monkeys. The Beasties inspired my generation so much...Brrrraaaasssss Monkey
Can it say "Ja'mie" on it?
I ask myself that everyday.
STILL up. Do I ever get any sleep?
great day tomorrow because mr. hamilton wont be there!
the thing is we don't think it we know it!
thanks for the shoutout!
Thank you, Dina! You're a keeper, too! Luv ya!
Aye Brah Im Still Pushin The Slap
I just can't get over how pathetic some people are and how disgusted that makes me feel!!!
lol you need to upgrade to get some new words so you don't have to keep drawing jlo and the peacock!
7:30 TONIGHT at TheQ - Monsters v. Americans. Playoffs for the winner. We NEED your support #CLE! (it's also Fan App night - cool prizes!)
#Watching Bernie Mac
A COUNTDOWN clock. Well played, Well played.
It would make for better tv if they didn't IN the booth either.
at what time
How does anyone have time for anything
All the way out here
Sry i hvnt been on Much Been on My otha Account more
also? French toast =/= dessert, with an extra -5 for calling it pain perdu
ok cool. just let me knw when you put them up.
I love the dynamic between myself and my guy told me today he wish him and his best friend was like us.
Merry Christmas!
que vem ja e o show do New Found Glory com Four Year Strong. Muito ansioso, haha.
That's awesome. Would you prefer to interact with an institution as a brand (on their main channel) or an individual team member?
"Already I joke. And I don't even rule the world yet."
Project runway all stars... Can. Not. Wait!!!!!!
great straw man argument.
The Media Blackout regarding takeover is almost over. I expect news release today or tomorrow afternoon. Followed by Two Plus Two up.
7 Day $1 Trial = Financial Success = FREEDOM!!
this long! :)
you looked really pretty toodaay!
: How was your visit? Were you servicing or browsing?
RIP MCA. #nowplaying Paul's Boutique.
We're in Hingham tonight for a "Boston: Inspirational Women" signing at Zona. Stop by. Or, get a copy at Social Graces. Makes a great gift!
Thanks for the #ff love!
Can you hear your phone ring above all the voices in your house?
How? your going to be in houston how lucky are you!
you're awesome Albert!! More pics please :)
There is no friend as loyal as a book
you laugh because I'm different, I laugh because you're all the same-
hahaha no you didn't. I look god.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
you're welcome. And thanx for the followback ;)
Thanks and for the follow! Make sure to check my music on Facebook!
I miss my hair :(
I have the ability to make you stand outside in a thunderstorm on top of a tall ass building. do your homework haha.
Genius is the gold in the mine; talent is the miner who works and brings it out.
it is but she didn't tweet it herself
"If I'm really lucky and I catch it out front as the C-Mo of old will get a little buggy whip to left field."
talk about jeckell and hyde.
Ha just saw your tweets about my coaching skillz
I'm soo dumb
Just added 5 and 15 on my iPhone. I need to get a grip. Oh, it's 20.
Does that mean at 1pm? Or the 1st slot? is speaking at #adfed I didn't want mktg to waste $ on a ticket if I'm booked.
Me Too.!! ;) it goes down
I'd never let you go..
playing like he wants to win a championship
thanks. I'm just grumpy at this point.
Live Success = understanding that God is able, figuring out that in our weakness He makes all things possible.
Durant also proved that unlike LeBron he wants that last shot to be on him.
Just saw Good Deeds. Loved it. The little girl reminds me of my ladybugs. Too cute.
Fuck it I'm goin to bed
#SecretService banging whores, investigating #TedNugent. It's like a Jerry Bruckheimer film circa 1989.
Thankful for the parking deck & covered walk to pick up kids today!
Discussion of Imagine Schools and Carondelet Leadership Academy beginning at State Board meeting. Board became interim sponsor yesterday.
Your game ticket gets you access to the concert after the game. So you have tickets through your ST package already.
Cupcakes and tea <U+E056>
I go on the computer for just a minute but end up staying there for 3 hours.
not if he's a girl, freddy! ohh wait is this freddy from icarly?
based on your high praises of the double cookie dough blizzard, I've discovered what I've been missing all my life <3
The dots are the last 30 days. The orange dot is today, and black dots are days you checked in.
True happiness is not found in any other reward than that of being united with God. - Thomas Merton
I agree! RT : A6: I think the difference between expectation and entitlement is perception, tone.
greatly displeased that the city council is planning on severely cutting/limiting DCPS libraries. you should be too.
Sorry Mondays, but I don't love you like a love song. More like an Adele song.
#WHERE ARE SOME LOCAL ORGANICS FARMS
why are men so uncomfortable with that stuff?
your face. I like that shit.
RT : keep grinding homie great progress
Escape everything, Leave nothing
welcome baby
Just woke up GM twitter PPL !!!!!!!
Somebody should write an Ecclesiology book that deals with the relationship between church gov't/offices and church staff.
We're getting an iPhone app specifically so you're president can't use it.
DaVita Inc. announced it will move its corporate headquarters from California to Denver
Dropped my lunch on my walk to bus. Container broke!
it's april fools but I won't be pranking you. the end.
Thx 4 playing and more! Join us nxt week for the final
thank YOU hottest women. U always find the best talent on twitter!!!!!
How does the library open at 11? Huge line in front in middle of final? What are you thinking Arizona?
McFly will be performing at Newmarket Racecourse on 9 June next year! Don't miss King of the jungle and King of the dancefloor. On sale now
Listening to it. So much I agree with.
with you of course!!!
$2 Tuesdays $2 Tacate Tall Boys $2 Tacos Try our vegan "beef"
lol what happened this time?
It made her cry! :)
Going to bed but I don't know how will I sleep. I'm too happy. :)
3)Community Service wanted... Those involved tell others what happened. Yes, letter of #Texas law followed. But to dismiss as "accident"??
Damn... I dont Remember what happened last night. -.- #faded nights .
- I have, that's why I rt'd!
Great job with the #connect & Is there something brown on my nose? BGR8 Now
yes Shep proved he's FOX's token human during Katrina. how about Geraldo and Juan?
enjoying The rapist vs The chosen one?
She makes me
I love the lost boys<3
Daytona Beach boardwalk ;*
It's crazy how true the zodiac signs are..it's almost scary
I can feel im totally going to want some after the STAAR tomorrow. But no one is going to bring it to me.
JESUS!!!!! How do you say HEADQUARTERS in spanish?? HELP PLEASE!!!
good luck Kristin! My friends are loving your new show btw :D
my b I've been limp all day
You focused, sir?
You should stop by! It'll be me, with very little sleep after Election Night and plenty of coffee! :)
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss My cat says hi!! lol
The Somerville Alibrandis of the Yawkey Baseball League need players for HOF game in Cooperstown, NY on Oct 2. Email .
That's why was the quintessential choice for this #cnndialogues on the #arabspring. She is straight from the frontlines
I accidentally listened to part of a nickelback song
No doubt im a warrior but my fights are only when absolutely necessary
"Emphasize repetitions" is my Strategy for today. Musically, yes. As far as the rest of the day... we'll see!
WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE?
The cymbals blew back Brad's hair!
thanks for the RT, how's everything going?
double your stack a day to keep the doctor away!
I don't get the appeal of Jonah Hill.
Laser-like focus on any subject will cause a chain reaction of events that will cause whatever you're looking at to come closer to you
Anyone in the world that can lead me to some corporate leadership books?
sh*t Persian moms say "oh it started at 7? It's okay 9:30 is on time"
done and done.
good to know. Am also in BKS & have asked repeatedly the BKS & Belleview locations re getting Sierra Nevada (& Bells) again
he is just jealous.
well ill poke u with a sick look im srs im giving you dirtys as wee speak
Hey #TETC11, check us out at booth 132 to learn how LiveSchool can help manage behavior incentive systems and increase parent communication!
Yes, flawless, just the word I was searching for! I bet you two look smokin in that thang ;)
I accepted u were going to leave,but to Phuckin Filly? That means I am obligated to hate you now.& I cant be sorry for that :-/
...and they lived happily ever after
Freaking gorgeous shots in that...Amazing how they got some of them.
Alert dc was a hit tonight.
just found on Twitter, y'all! It is a perfect day for some shrimp & grits or friend green 'maters :)
Go Cowboys!!!
We need complete transparency on budget issues. Fishy stuff going on behind closed doors
Thanks for the well wishes!
I had an unused, engraved wedding-gift picture frame I threw in the TRASH upon my divorce. What else could I do?
Augustana on my grocery store radio. <3
There are confirmed reports of a shooting across the street from the Martin Luther King, Jr. Middle School <- RENAME THAT SHIT IMMEDIATELY!
“: Good Morning.” Good morning! Happy Friday!
On and on reckless abandon
Haha definitely! I think I would look good in them don't you think??
Get off your slack-rope and get down to the waterfront at Gasworks!
Emergency #headshot #photoshoot today w/young #Asian American #actress Madison!
When you choose a niche...make sure YOU are not the ONLY ONE in it. :-)
I THANK GOD FOR LETTING ME SEE ANOTHER DAY! !!!!
I shouldn't ask why..but why? I remember trying to show my daughter how to use them..we laughed so hard!
Who's going to Warped Tour tomorrow to see ???
#howyoufromthewestside with these weak ass #youfromthewestside tweets
This summer is going to be ACmazing though
Megan Fox Photos
I'm not in a rut... I am the rut... Bahahhahaha I'm laughing at myself..
Just shoot hand with Neil, you killed it in the beach bowl today.
aw my lil niece knows the whole song "what makes you beautiful" but 1D and she likes niall :']
Going to try to get a new painting done for first friday next week!
The forces of murder, thievery, and war is ganging up on #Syria. They think we don't see them. We remember #Libya, #Iraq, etc.
Courtney Love dress #4 for the week.
omg cant wait till 330
Thanks for welcoming me to the group.
How are your brackets looking? I have UNC and KY in finals.
Twitter and Facebook, hmm
If you want something you've never had, you'll have to do something you've never done." —Dave Ramsey
Thanks & for
Andrew Luck talks like his voice is on slow mo
"....if your clever enough and want to reach people you'll have to sort to give them a taste of themselves." -Marvin Gaye
probably, twitter just reset my password when I was sleeping.
Every time I install new software my Chrome home page changes. Wait, what?
i don't know how people in this world can possibly live with themselves. so disgusted
You goin' to be at the tomorrow AM, Joe?
Follow the team !
may 14 #DCSoundstage 2403 Benning RD NE DC RT All day, when is the next event you are throwing. We'll come through!
Fall down 7 times, stand up 8.
and of course nothing racist about idea that liberal black people vote on skin color but conservative white people vote on issues
and we love our twitter peeps!
Austerity will target the weak. That's a public choice libertarian argument. How did the Left appropriate it?
what is opportunity to expand consciousness at the "head-quarters"
HEY MAHOMIES! PLEASE FOLLOW ! PLEASE! :].
i'm so happy i'm moving into my new home i bought.
Team work make the DREAM WORK!
when do you guys think you will be back
All I know is this nigga better make time for me tomorrow or we fading, straight the fuck up!
doing laundry stoned is really complicated
Im mobile right now as well. I'll check a little later & send an invite if not.
I need a fanny pack. If I had a fanny pack, I could slip my phone in it while jamming out, sing, sip my vino, & write. Simultaneously.
We need teaching of gender equality here in the USA. Help us help these kids. Every kids deserves to be happy, no matter what.
Wolfman certainly knows how to get the crowd going! After FQF, drop by at eiffel to continue the party!
#ncph2012 download mobile application!!! from during lightning talks.
RT : If it ain't UGA in basketball I could care less. I stay solid with my support of UGA all around!
Friday night! Tampico cheers to a good night! :)
wow! What a wonderful post! Thank you so much, Steve!
What is commonly called love, namely the desire of satisfying a voracious appetite with a certain quantity of delicate white human flesh. -
Some face the nation but I face these blunts. LM(Blowed)AO
Can you believe that it's already #November? What's the over/under on when #holiday #music starts up on local radio stations?
And that's why we're friends
thank you!!
Barrett said if this race is determined by money spent, he'll lose to Walker.
Early episodes Jim Halpert may be my favorite sitcom character ever.
Good luck to tonight. Wish I could be there but I know your gonna go in hard. Rep for watty
haha I know right (: what's up
she still goin at it!!!
what do you mean traveling?
Just $17,625 left to meet our yearend goal!! thank you!!!!! #wfgm_org - send your pledges and empower women & their children today!
Oh boy. This broad drinks and all hell breaks lose. She uses it as an excuse. Is this chick serious right now?
Multiple! RT : Please. They know what the base D will be. RT guy has been on staff 2 hours.
I'd be tempted to put Anjelica Huston on as Marilyn.
TOUR DE FRANZIA!!
Nature. Good things. Positive stuff. ALWAYS. :) G'nite!
presentation on #yoga & #Pilates for newbies, made monkey bread stuffed w/ walnuts & crasins to christen Matt's new digs-good saturday
It takes one thousand tons of water to grow one ton of grain. -#NPR, December 9, 2011
If you hear and you says he's good, call 911. You're probably having a stroke.
Demi Lovato's Skyscraper has some serious terrorism undertones.
Thanks! Happy Friday.
I think I must be the happiest I've ever been thanks to one special person, <3
#FF to Chestnut Hillbillies - thx 4 coming out - any good Drawl pix/flix from last night?
oh Detention sounds like fun!!!
We are beginning public comment on the budget proposal for next year. You can listen on local radio 88.9 FM.
Thank you for the RT, Jamie! What do you think?
i dont think he hates you. i just dont think he was allowed to &im sure alot of girls ask him that so he was like not again &
naww girl. Its one nee guy and the rest rr girls. And he do more than they do!! But yhu wont believe this.
I'm drinking lots of Schlitz and eating wings - so no problem!
We make them cry who care for us. We cry for those who never care for us. And we care for those who will never cry for us.
You're my Diamond girl.
Just call me Coach Mike Kerr :)
We're building Kickstarter meets AngelList for film funding - DM for more info.
Hey Lisa, what's your "Twitter" talk about? Twitter data, twitter apps, twitter for business, twitter for noobies?
I like you. You like me. Stop worrying about them. Worry about us.
Blue moose #nomnomnom :)
Sweet Jesus.
Tomorrow my 34th Birthday getting pedicure and manicure. Jump off starts tonight.....Leggo
orgasm just cuz u cant!
#caseyanthony YOU'VE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME!
First week of May, you ready Windy City? I am invading once again and it is gonna be mayhem
Continuing my #24 marathon till I leave for my flight at 6 am. Hoping there's no snow when I get home.
By the way - there hasn't been a #toga party in a long time... Should we organize?
Met one guy that's actually read Finnegan's Wake today. The trick is to read it out loud in an Irish accent. His lisp made me cringe a bit.
I think is gorgeous! Has an awesome voice. Spunky & fun attitude! Great out look on life! Hell, she's #perfect <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Keep myself so lifted.
Requested my first vacation. Maybe I'll finally find time to work on #JulietAnUnPopular 's sequel.
Omg I'm bout to flip the fuck out !! I'm so livid right I'm dead ass gonna kill this customer !!
presentation-server.de » Blog Archive » Deploying Citrix MetaFrame ...
who do you think will be the next U.S. F1 driver?
Made it to the park today with the stroller and both boys all by ourselves. Leaving the house is a big step for this stay at home daddy!
Hey Kim U are Beautiful inside and out. I love ur style
Love & Hip Hop !
Cornelius NeposTo be a great leader and so always master of the situation, one must of necessity have been a great thinker in action
I thought he jinxed the #Mavs last year, but thank God he was right
Free ice cream at friendly's till 5 today! Two huge scoops :)
:) We might have to mix some up in her honor for our BEA quarters...
Linux: Where do you want to go tomorrow?
Trying this on for 2011: searching is for losers - finding is for winners. Too harsh?
1. X Factor | 2. Twister Dance | 3. America's Best Dance Crew tribute | That's !
I have to tell myself goodnight cause I got no one to do that for me.
bout to do the dougie and catdaddy
did Rondo get booted out of the game? So I heard.. Oopsy. Who knew he had it in him.
#breakingdawn in 2 weeks! let the countdown begin <3
Dance party! That's always a good idea!
I agree! I'm so glad I found it!
#Truthis....you don't have to expose how a person REALLY is.. Because the truth will eventually come out. GOD expose da devil ALL DA TIME
thank u same to u
follow back please :)
Wine Wednesday
"Jus like we own it".......#team damiesnrunnies
: nice article on Cousins. Skins are also getting a really smart kid & team leader. Will be perfect understudy for RGIII.
"No, ladies, you can't play with us, but you can dress like sleazy and encourage us." The guy who invented cheerleading.
she can also go next door to see some ass shaking. A defacto foxxy's
RT - Looking forward to hosting and moderating the Evening of Interaction tonight at
yea what's goin on with that!?
Hi their are loads of fantastic deals in NYC for Jan, Low Season what are your dates? Are you looking for trendy Soho/Tribeca?
Keep up the good work Perez hard work and perseverance always pays off. You can do it! Tweet! back.
RT : Funny to hear black people talk about traditional marriage when our tradition is not being allowed to get married.
Twenty years ago today, I saw for the first time. They came into my life when I needed them most & fortunately they're still here.
no u cant go back. I kno what u need
Marilyn Watkins with now up talking about women's employment.
but so hard to forget
you have a quality People have been saying it.
Fun stuff! We'll add to the Holiday Lights Festival website. Thx for sharing.
This is the new #1 lie guys tell......Waht is it?
but, I'm sure the Mom was an RN, right. That gives her access to the court. :)
yep! Working on that now! Also a 5k and 10k :-)
My DNA is Givenchy.
pick me pretty please!!
Last day of class is tomorrow! I am so excited for school to be over :D but I am also sad because I won't see my crush for months :/
Chillin in my bed, music on and tweeting
Hey Pollen, U SUCK TODAY! Signed, Me!
ME TOO! BUT IT WOULD BE THE MOST HAPPIEST DEATH!
I love my mom soo much no matter how many arguments we get into, we always apologize n make up :)
I'm kind of happy that Le Gallery isn't open this week. I don't have to smell like food everyday! <U+E409>
RT The next #SMCRVA event will be on Sept. 3 Mark your calendars. Details and tickets soon!
What is that?
Sometimes too much to drink isn't enough.
Thanks, Jonathan!
I'm not as good as you at this!
not to mention the huge Fox 6 logos :)
I hope I can get my act together <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
will do. It would be super easy pace, some walking. Thinking out to AT&T and back, maybe a bit further.
I'm considering moving to Anchorage to pursue this job offer... any advice??
phew! I was starting to wonder if there was a ripple in time...
G'morning! It's a glorious season! I give thanks to God for renewing my marriage, strenghthening my fam & 4 the gift of life & health. Amen
Other than GoogleDocs & blogs, has anyone used any other journaling site with students?
Just like playing a game of chess
Just hanging out having a fun night with and ! #memories you should be here.
Absolutely! Shoot me an email tomorrow a.m.& I will get you set up.
Need fitness tips?
RIP Don Cornelius much respect. If the end of your personal movis sucks...just leave when you want.
Done and Done!
& I wld luv 2 C U guys beast out 2nite. Shall I say pls!!! It's about tonight
Join us tonight from 6:30-11 pm at Southpointe Golf Club for the Community Leaders for a Cure event.
Ha! just happy not to have to spin a budget proposal!“
Highest Response Rates Guaranteed Developed by, and for educators. On-line course evaluations by IOTA Solutions.
I'm actually kind of afraid of how many of you not only know When Boy Meets World, but crushed on Topanga.
Detroit what!
Bitch, I watch CSI, I can make your death look like an accident.
im in<U+E056>
in a private message, I mention an ex-girlfriend and FB ads "selling" free "hot chicks" pop up. Sexist, presumptuous mofos. LOL
I also like Aweber better for follow-ups and scheduled emails. You have to pay for that in MailChimp anyway...
Good news - I think I'm only working four jobs this week, lol.
I'M SOLO I'M HAN SOLO SOLO
you got me fuh'dup if you think i'm gonna pay that much money for some seats right there!
Why you talkin about slappin every body. #im weak.
Now THAT was a rainstorm, for San Diego that is!
Forgot to mention attempted bag snatching I saw in front of Dicks earlier. Thief ran off in a hot pink hoodie. Curious gait, too.
Where's a wall for my head?!
Nothing sweeter than eyeballing a 5px box and then measuring to find it exactly 5 pixels. Yep, been doing this 20 yrs - I need a life.
NICK CANNON just walked into CHATEAU NIGHTCLUB!!!
Back to School Start Tutoring Sessions Now! Call us 2 get started 2day at (888) 517- 3522
thanks so much for watching and helping support business women.
no problem, such a cool photo!
i'm starting to question everything
Hey! I just left there....
Nope, just really busy with school! =/
nothing wrong with loving the spurs!
Today was a wonderful day because I actually saw throughout the day<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
hmm...I'll compare to a shirt I have and let you know.
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day. ~Author Unknown
What's up with this weather?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
plumbers crack while eating a banana? Ew. Not what I wanted to see.......
So tonight Tori Will be Joined by Chris Sheldon & Brian Adams from American Taxi!! Come check out some serious Banjo Action!!
When I sit down to write a love song. I never write from a dirty approach. But from my passionate yet sexy imagination! *Smiling*~BAMM.
no Kosi, lol you're not.
Beautiful people with beautiful minds that make beautiful music:
Good question: "Why aren't NASA and NOAA part of this roll-out today?"
Yup. First time with the clips, though. And boy do I have the bruises to prove it. It's like starting from scratch!
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader
This Just in #TNF to be going global. expanding into other countries such as Japan and Africa.
"Its just Twitter."
Bulls get knocked off by an 8th seed w/out Rose. Shows how much he means to that team
I've changed it a few times, and I have more pics on my profile I just always default to this one when idk what to put up :P
OMFG the Avengers was FUCKING GREAT!!!!
fucking tired! But listening to some always helps that, can't wait for the next album!
might want to Check their..63 on the health code score last week..
“Men Have Called Me Mad; But The Question Is Not Yet Settled..." - E.A. Poe
These refs are jokes...the guy that made the call was not even on my TV screen.
Back at ya!
He consistently resisted the English intrusion, earning both respect and hostility from Jamestown leaders.
My New Bitch Yo Old Bitch Funny Ssht Is Sshe Never Gone Be On That Old Ssht
i do
Hello! Not only busy with life. I"ve had major clearing to do in my home. Was under Spiritual attack. Working on clearing the last bits.
73... I'll catch up to you and your lightning fast typing one of these days!
I love my moms to death, but that lady can really piss me the fuck off.
Happy #superbowl Sunday! Be safe and have fun, Long Beach!
I hate Every July something happens and I miss part of the TdF. It's the only reason I have and it's not working.
hay guys
HEY : Breakfast burritos. Make it happen.
I was going through my followers and found you, thought I would say hello and wish good luck in anything you do.. Lee
.RT : RT : Mitt Romney turning out to be a vicious high school bully least surprising thing of all time. // +1
Thanks for the follow , ,
i just tweet a picture :)
Make sure you go out and vote today!!!
Pretty much the only reason I am watching golf today is because of Tiger.
We are cranking the grill. Can I take your order?
Went #curling with a bunch of #girlscouts today.
when is the best time to add the okra? after you add the sausage but before you add the meat
geeze, thanks so much!
Haven't bump to tyga :(
"i dont think were working out" <- worst reason to break up with someone. </3
Yes, but aren't nasty defenses lovely? I sure think they are!
When everything fell apart i found you .
this apartment might want it!
Craft Beer Expo next week in St. Pete, then Wazoo early August! I am going to be one busy girl these next couple of weeks!
YES! And then you'll be ready for Dark Knight Rises this summer.
Tune in today 11am - www.wsmnradio.com for Green Talk! We interview John Viera, Director of Sustainability and Environmental Policy at Ford!
My husband has a man crush on Dave Grohl and that's ok by me.
Time to switch out the lights, good night all <U+E04C><U+E13C>
Im a little upset wit fsnWisc 4 not having the bucks on tonight there 8 games left on the bucks schedule da crew has 155 left
Kaiser Chiefs on CP time
My New Storefront is up. Now I am just putting all the Archie Comics I found up for $.99 - That'll be happening till I fall asleep :-)
Loved 's Cover Of Misletoe On Surprise Ustream (:
I haven't got any yet but I think I'm going to! Ill save you some!
Hey Everyone! Be sure to watch Florida International take on Marshall in the Beef 'O' Brady's Bowl St. Petersburg on ESPN @ 7pm CST/8pm ET.
Thx, but is the group really single mom/dad with kid(s) or just households sans kids?
so, please no more blind dates, or lectures on jhow fufilling relationships are. I don't care.
We will be there! You?
Owe this sucks
BRANDY Melville store in PB holllaaaaaaa.
Thank you so much for your advice on calling the day before/of the show! Was able to get two much appreciated tix to Ingrid!
I don't care what the expiration date says. I have to smell it .
keep up the great work on your blog!
Starting @ rush inn. Wish I rushed in hours ago.
RT : the awkward moment when i asked for waffle fries at mcdonalds!! smh // bahahaha
Fine dining alive and well at Morton's! Come see us...
wishing all a very happy and healthy New Year. Le Shana Tova Ve metuka, a sweet one as well - and filled with some magical music !!
If only!
any "names" attached?
Thanks so much! #HowardGospelChoir RT : Celebrating Mother's Day awesome brunch &great music frm Howard Gospel Choir!
RT : FIGHT THE FACEBOOK ORGAN HARVEST #SPACEGHOULS DOT COM
too bad he 'd be an unbelievable human being !!
I hate Christina Aguilera. Sure she can sing, but she's a bitch. Even tom said so. He just...said it. aha.
thank you for mt.have a day like there is know tomorrow
Did we mention we love you too, Alexandra? No? How rude. Well, we do. Truly, madly, deeply.
:) Thanks Lisa!
EVERYONE FOLLOW: the best guy on CNN
#Fitness #Exercise #Motivation of the Day. I'll feel so much better when I'm done. What gets your butt off the couch?
Do you like to play volleyball?
whatsss up my dude :)
People are just really mean.
May we suggest to play Babs' daughter Louise? Too obvious?
PickUpLine: So, what are the chances that we can engage in anything more than just conversation?
When should I start acting as if I cannot fail? Do it now.
Hahahaha she just slapped the mess out of this man Ahhahaha
2 exams tomorrow. Studying all night. Wish I was at The Fray concert... Wait what??
It sure is powerful...and I'd def in my top 5! Thanks for tuning in; Hope you can make it to #twitterchurch on Friday!! :-D
Be pissed off for greatness today!
MFW I see a conservative calling the Plymouth colony "communist". loololololo
So UK didn't want him? smh lol RT Seeing that Kentucky obviously did not pursue Shabazz... Nerlens is very likely to be going there.
Come visit us today or tomorrow at booth 207 at the #mLearnCon & Expo in San Jose
when harry met vagina
Didn't realize I even had a paper cut until I was cutting lemons...
nOT YET. i JUST DECIDED TO GO AHEAD AND DO ONE. sO LOOKE FOR US THERE AS WELL.
Thanks for the RT Dale. Have a nice week.
Join me @ OLLU for the event of the year focused on a fitter San Antonio. March 6th bright & early the marathon begins!!!
I miss it too
Studio Day 4! Finishing guitars and starting vocals!
I loved the Disco era i had so much fun during that time.
#InMiddleSchool I slept in every class and still had a 4.0.
CITY GEAR COME ON IN AND GET THAT LAUNCH SHOE OR SHOES!!!!! BE A VIP!!!!!
Food Truck Roundup starts at 4 p.m. today at Main Gate Square!
#dadquotes on haha I love it
eek! site traffic today on NB is the lowest I've seen in months. RTs from early posted articles will give us a needed boost. Have at thee!
Tonight games against the Yankees has been postponed due to inclement weather. No makeup date has been announced.
“ Wanting to talk to you so badly, but feeling like I annoy you... :|”o
Thanks! But in the end, it was also a burned out feeling. And I was never an insider,you know, just someone w/ opinions...
JEALOUS! Have fun
I love when mitch teaches me new things. like that ohio is shaped like a square
Bethany: Is your house on fire, Clark? Clark: No, Aunt Bethany, those are the Christmas lights.
... And I just saw Jenny B's reply. We're on the same wavelength...
where ya subbing at today?
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 83F Fair: 83F Fair
Gold and silver line my heart, but burned into my brain are these stolen images.
Can only laugh!
August 2001 MLS & FIFA had a double header at Giants Stadium: Columbia - Libera followed by Miami Fusion - NY/NJ Metrostars
We're famous!
one writers opinion creates an all day sports radio topic. Not at his age and for the money he'll get.
Keep it 100
Woke up quick at about 12pm lol
Global crisis: The most awkward moments when the team damages homes with the bassist of cheeseburgers.
The forecast for Tue, 9 Aug 2011 is Partly Cloudy/Wind. High: 80 F Low: 56 F. via
I finally found someone in Washington that a Mahomie I have found one intill now :)
If you're not watching then start.
Today is International Pancake Day! What are some healthy pancake recipe alternatives that you like to use?
Decides to narrow his list 2 schools and not involve the power KY This decision is his and should be based on comfort level.
I'm a good enough person to forgive you, but not stupid enough to trust you again.
it's official. today could not get any worse.
I read your post this morning and see you met my sister, ! Loved reading your Blend Retreat updates :)
I'm totally #confident in all situations. I'm totally confident in all that I do.I'm totally relaxed & absolutely sure in all that I do.
okay will re-watch GE ad and report back! But seriously: turbine isn't pronounced like porcupine?
Line is out the door at Starbucks. If I were more awake I soo wouldn't put up with this.
Yes! That would be perfect.
Thanks for the follow & I wish that'd be awesome show to take my Dad to
Good morning everyone! I'm excited for 's live chat later. :]
Thanks! Recommed any specific brand? As for the baked goods, I think that's one area where I will definitely be cheating!
Heading to the UW seventh, Badgers trailing Michigan 7-4. Time for the UW rally caps.
This BITCH just yelled at me doe
Ah lol that stinks
In the development phase of a new extensible thin client AI. Rudimentary portable consciousness with scalable plug-n-play perception.
Eating lasagna in my office at 9:30 am. Breakfast of champions.
The Rays need a catcher with the last name Marcus.
If I die of exhaustion during this 30 day shred, gets first pick of my stuff, then everyone else can have at it.
aww love you too!
? Sum ppl r just FLATOUT weird but that's life lmao only can be me start new job Tuesday excited fasho
Aah, Fudge My Life. I really thought HOUSTON had a chance of getting back </3 :(
In better times I jokingly referred to Dan as "Yankee Billy Beebe" in reference to Union hero William Sully Beebe.
Getting ready for this workshop class <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
Do I need to get you two a hotel room, a bottle of champagne and a tube of astroglide?
Overdrive Harry Potter ebooks are available tomorrow. Will you download them to actually read (again), or just because you can?
lol i got more then i did before rockstar!!
Dang Brotha how are you gonna call me out like that. Haha. How is everything going at The U.
Failures do what is tension relieving, while winners do what is goal achieving. Dennis Waitley
So this means that reigns supreme?
Got my tan on yesterday and today. Tomorrow is for the river. :) Summer tan is right around the corner !
Hows #packernation doing this evening? Its raining where I am.
RESTAURANT WEEK HAS BEGUN! 410-347-0888 to make your reservation for lunch or dinner!
i hate wen they make u wait this long to get a regret notification. Alas, i'm not a fellow again.
yea I know sad isn't it
I've voted over 30 times so far for you. More to come....
Marching band visiting us at #cnngrill at #sxsw! Amazing stilts, even!
Let us know if you want to open up a franchise! ;-)
At least we could all count on a more lax drug policy
& I even told him it wasn't dishwasher safe!
Kinda shity about staying out so late last night >.<
#dailyfeedback Songs that feature lines of poetry - Simon & Garfunkel Joni Mitchell
Want some VC? Make this startup, a service that allows you to send a kidney punch to anyone who spams you on Twitter.
Today's tip: To prevent or relieve shin splints, stretch and strengthen the muscles of the lower leg.
Los Angeles has so much junk and dogs in it, it looks like an episode of Hoarders.
#RipDonnasummer . A true talent has left. May God bless your family at this time ...
- your modal popup windows suck big time. quit it!
Yes--focus on your strengths, not on what you don't know! RT : Find your career brilliance and strengthen your strengths!
wake up drunk, go to sleep fucked up
the bottom of my dogs foot smells like hot chocolate.
Up now... Head still hurting
when would be a good time to start re-looking at a possible Madison show?
For my birthday get me a lifetime supply of McDonald's Sweet Tea :) (
Its times like these where I wish I didn't have to plug my nose in order to go underwater -.-
“: sometimes your words just hypnotize me” ... Guess that's why they broke, and you so paid
Starting the morning right "Today Was A Fairytale" by Taylor Swift
FinalsFinalsFinals!Good Luck to our ambassadors on 'em! SO close to winter break!U can do it!check the blog: auambassadors.wordpress.com!!!
Skinny girls are over rated. You know where to find me though..
It sound a lot different when you in the booth with family ma nigga
Looking forward to seeing everybody at EPIC's Bridal Happy Hour!!!!!
#georgezimmerman surely had some experiences which brought about his views on black and brown people (ike hisself and family)
I first noticed this when I took the new job in a more populated area. Same baby food cost me more closer to home than at work.
yea I'll probably be there before then so I'll catch up with yall
Bo Ryan's getting titty fucked by the ESPN monster right now.
when is yur actual due date?
I make it point to use a payphone whenever I see one.
Thanks for the follows!
Good morning! Make today the day you begin again to finish what you've started. Today's Super Hero Theme Music: Hot Thang by
Hope it goes well! So great to hear you are sharing the BugaBees with Kindergartners. :)
It's just so tragic that I have to go to ska concerts for research. Tragic and AWESOME!
a Real Ninja wit a blade an a mask ...lmfao
#YATM “: you're the man...even in europe”
Movies with my bestie ")
LADIES NIGHT FOLKS! Get down here boys, all the single ladies will be drinkin' for free
I didn't even realize they had a fish fry there. Thanks!
got Never End on repeat
Fantastic people!!! Fantastic AND talented.
RT I am julie's friend w/dog with seizures. Let me know if you need some guidance. Been down this road a while. Good lck
White Rabbits Pandora is definitely playing some great stuff this morning.
The #WarOnDrugs is a human rights issue and a racial issue as well
I have family in Hawai'i. I hope everyone is safe.
aw :( it'll happen!! stay positive :)
lily park?
LMAO RT : My blog has two views today from people that searched for the terms "ryan howard gay"
Hey everybody, who's getting ready for the fun? April 14th is gonna be here quick. Are you signed up yet?
thanks felton for adding a few ping pong balls for us
If you're my real friend ,, i'll always have your back.
Dont know what I want
RT : Q 4: What trends are you seeing in Kitchen and bathroom fixtures in 2012?
Most of us are trying very hard to FORGET the 8 miserable bush years but it's going to take a LONG time to do so!!
: Fire update: Up to 200 people now being evacuated from the new Leander fire.
If you can't tell when I'm really annoyed of you, then you're obviously dumb or stupid. ~.~
I am so modern - watching the Webbys streaming
Have you given your favorite business a positive review? Sometimes we forget to give positive shout outs- won't you do one now?
Welcome Princeton alums in New York! If you know of any others, please help spread the word about our new twitter presence. We are
Yup I'm already in bed at 8 on a Friday.
RT : We want to transform #Jewish lives not just a few hours a week but 7 days a week.
You can't tell NOBODY you like a person or that you're in a relationship with someone. People be jealous these days..
May-weather undisputed champion
Can't stand living with there people all laughs and lets make fun of Sam
(cc: ) what happend to the cameras between lexington to hwy. 280? all of them are out
Avisame! We should hang out. On this coast.
LOL! I happened to be sitting in front of the computer when your tweet came through.
Excited to celebrate my engagement with the girls tonight!
Did Twitter Jus try to lock me UP..??
Thank you #Feds for coming to Cuyahoga County and cleaning up our government.
You have her pretty eyes, Sara. :)
I know all those are normal but the spots are like bottom of a soda can red welts/ spots days later thighs & arms r the worst
I'm going to try harder to tweet in 2010. Take that for what it's worth!
Thanks ! We'd love to see examples of what you're doing with patterns these days!
thanks Chad - see you May 19th!
Best of luck.
On youtube watching whatever I stumble upon.
I follow all mi followers
Jammin to at 5 in the morning I fell like I'm 14 again. They will forever be my favorite band.
Bored #need a text buddy
Nope RT I figured u were in on the rib? No
Amtrak running smoothly on the "escape Baltimore for new york" caper...looking forward to being "snowed out!"
heck yeah dude! I freaking laughed so hard. Thanks for the support man-nick
Too late! The word is out, lol!! ; ) No takebacks! haha
“: "yes, me and my mom did get in a car accident today :P" - McKenna Haner.”
While your day is starting mine is coming to a end. Hope you have a good one and be safe :) I'll text you when I get my new number
I'm pretty sure keeps a "shit Linsey says" list.
In Moree. Wishing I was in Nashville. At the Taylor Swift 13 hour meet and greet.
It's summer!
Hilary Rosen is so yesterday. So, I hope, is Chris Kelly.
Account was hacked. So ignore any Timbers In 30 Twitter emails you've received tonight. Problem fixed.
Missed your announcement last week- congrats on the move!
goes to Starbucks a little too often maybe..
Other than to be a complete douchebag, I can't even understand why anybody would WANT $SNPK to come down. No shares to short anywhere...
#BLOUSE i got hung up on smmfh nt mi fault
Love it, great work by KRod and Luc last night, after nothing but off speed the night before.
Have you ever re-watched Super Bowl 42? Too painful?
...lol! pretty plate :)
Thanks! MT : Hosting a party for NGP VAN at the theatre. God these people are awesome. Check out the amazing work they're doing.
#VirtualBox is really pissing me off! Updating the package broke VRDP?!?!?!
even if just for the last day. Maybe they can use FX for that next year. Whip-around coverage.
u guys watching?
now that you're a patriot, I might have to draft you in the 1st/2nd round.
I woke up at _________________ today.
Grats, that's a lot of Goetta.
I've been good..how have u been?? Did u get married yet??
that's good! Thinking back I think I checked out more dog and horse books as a child.
Oh good :)
Glad you liked it! We love sharing our beautiful building and we especially love hearing that you love it as much as we do!
I am good
you rite sis I'm done with it it's no need to even fuel them at all
atleast we're working together!! sucha good team and hopefully that lady won't be there
#Pacers. We are going to #BeatTheHeat!
NEW TWITTER NAME YALL !!!!!!!
Trying 2 explain the benefit of an ID 2 my 82 year old f-i-l who wants to put his ppt lectures online & sell them as eLearning.
bro you have no love for the game your the only person who thought that thing with rose was lame
Watching Warhol Films. Why? I'm not sure.
and I are ready to destroy this town.
“ what a rip off! Can somebody say #cancelmycontract” >> that goes for too!
Just one more week of Spring Ball left! Time to make the most of it...
At '12 Living Portraits of African American Women by the National Council of Negro Women, honoring my mom among other great women in Denver!
Would have loved to have made it! Hope you guys had fun and drank a #LaFinDuMonde or #Ephemere for me!
yo ma what's new
Anybody need to blast a #new single? Mp3promoter.com
wonder if claire already sent that mail to ? :P
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP(
I just got 20 boneless wings and a fry from #Wingstop for 12 bucks
why can't you play on Lock?
Me & that frog we bonded we've become like best friends.
I wanna move in with my aunt and go to halls. I'm tired of my mom yelling all the time.
what happens in Vegas <3 love that movie!
The quickest way to get someone's attention is to no longer want it.
Reading about rampant Prohibition-era corruption in #Pittsburgh has me convinced that there could be a Boardwalk Empire spin-off set here
Been putting myself first lately and it's paid off. I'm slowly killing off all the work that needs to be done one by one.
Days like this when i need
finally a break in the rain! i've been jonesing for a run
I miss my bff
Car crash on the 225/70 flyover from northbound 225 to westbound i-70. Cops trying to get there.
Tonight on 10 Thousands at the state capitol today for a TEA party, plus July 4th celebrations around Central Iowa!
Everyone is so loud. I have a headache. Shut up you fucks.
You can't talk about ugly people if you ugly
probz like a giant penis
RT The sooner we get to 6,000 followers, the sooner someone gets an iPad!!! Tell all your friends! Follow and tweet #EZLawPad!
I love the way that your projects always begin with (or even from) a fabulous name. Wish I could learn to do that....
Phillip deserves to be there so just suck it up, Hollie will go far no matter what
Hi, Sister! Travis is having an chick-fest in May 2012 - who wants to come from Japan?
I cannot get over the Oregon Ducks court design. It looks like mother earth took a shit on their hardwood.
Fiber to home? Not. Sounded too good to be true, but that's what sold me. Still an upgrade for me though.
Hey, no more self-harm blogs allowed on Tumblr.
I have not stepped foot out of the Marriott since arriving in Philly on Sunday afternoon.
read the book if you can find the time. It's even better!
Tanner's picking me up tomorrow . I can't wait.
I'm bored I'm gonna see who's not following back
#PickMeEllen !!!! I LOVE walgreens, but not as much as I LOVE you! #helpapoornursingstudentout :)
We will be holding a Grand Opening Party for our showroom in the next couple weeks. We would love to have you as our guest.
The less people speak of their greatness, the more we think of it.
Come on in and hear us #jazz it up tonight
nothing like putting on a brand new pair of socks.
#bird wisdom :v if it's worth saying once, it's worth saying a thousand times
no problem.. I have other styles & colors too,just hit me when your ready!
we may be able to make that happen, if is down for it... What do ya say?
Tumblr..... follow me on tumblr if you have one and ill give you a shoutOut so please please please please follow my tumblr: Ob3ytheswagg
#kimkardashian is making too many headlines including this one!!!! Please go on a vacation and not with another NBA Player crazy!
Beach house names all within 2 miles of Palmetto Cove (house we stayed in)"Napsack,Sunset Lodge, Brigadune, Dash Away, Deja View.Favorite?
I might be getting the thunderstorm I requested. I got a mean rain dance.
Our courtyard is furnished! Check out the chairs and tables on a nice day like today
Think it might be an issue on my end. I'll look into it more and let u know if I'm still having trouble. thx 4 the response!
That DirectTV commercial did not hit its mark. I would GLADLY reenact scenes from Platoon with Charlie Sheen. I would do that every day.
In front of dpac
What are you making for dinner tonight?
Family's having dinner 4:30 pm. But I must have a cookie now. The chocolate chips are personified and staring me in the face (mocking me).
why? About what?!?
#FF , the UT AMS Twitter feed! They are trying to reach 500 followers today and only need a few more.
Jon: You buy insurance. Do the greatest cabbies in the world really not handle luggage?
After The Avengers box office? FOR SURE.
RT : I'm sure you all have a triathlon this weekend so stock up on some energy w/our pasta buffet for lunch today...
Just confirmed the new date for our Dogs Days of Summer event--Sept 18!
Save the date! will host their Night of Readings May 15th @ 8pm. Venue will be announced later this week!
Happy Chris Capuano Day Brewer Fans.
Working on a new client web app that will automatically update thousands of users across the globe...using C# and ASP.
RT : Happy Birthday to the Creator of Hip Hop & Funk Music. James Brown.
Does anyone know of someone who makes purses out of cowboy boots? email me
there is nothing wrong with cluster kids !!
"So is mortadella is the mushroom or cheese family?" Hmm neither, I was doing a cross between mozarella and portabella
Come out to Scottsdale and get hooked up with some free DJ DBX stickers 2-6pm
Jacie, nobody cares what you have to say, what your going through. Nobody wants to talk to you.
Chicago bound in the morning. Wedding, reunions, busting heads at Packing my ass-kicking pants.
thank you! hope to play together again soon.
#itsamazinghow listening to Harvest Moon on the car ride back home made me infinite.
been there, read that. That may even impress larry legend
Oh, , your tunes have been there for me this whole week. Magnificent talent, you are.
There's the Katie we all know and love :)
Hey all , here's the first hint for our SWAG party... In driver's ed you're told to keep your hands here,
Mutiny on the Bounty Hunter
Uplifted by Kinndli's Hour of Power Live Class
#Prohibition was the eighteenth amendment which was a great social and economic experiment that proved to be unenforceable.
I'm devastated and outraged.
At least twice a week, wake up from a dead sleep to a clock that reads 4:44.
He'll be reprimanding mofos in the locker room ": Kobe heated"
How Fowl! Justin Timberlake Talks About Turkey Hunting with Hank Williams Jr. - People Magazine
That awkward moment when Amanda and I flash each other and we realize we're wearing the same bra #bestfriendbonding we didn't plan this
the mapes, 1/2 ast, murder majesty, dick falcon, and le plebe tonight at the bunkhouse. $6. see you there.
Up early today doing laundry. Tomorrow is Disney and my kids want to pack.
thank you for joining us tonight!
Heroes? NFL quarterbacks Vince Ferragamo versus Terry Bradshaw in WHICH Superbowl?
of course! I even noticed a brief mention of "liquid solidarities." Thanks for that shout-out!
cute people say cute things #cocky Lmfao <U+263A>
trigonometry can die.
This was the first time I'd been to the roller derby. Definitely going to more bouts next year!
Bless my family !
RT Luce: scholarship produced in the digital era is at serious risk of being lost for future generations
cause her husband is out of town and princess is like a guard dog
Yeah my dude hard work pays off!
I'm at the Taco Bell. What? I'm at the Pizza Hut! What??
Bo has right to be upset, but being ticked off is terrible justification for harsh restrictions. Need both sides of story.
U can buy weed with EBT cards now!!!
Most definitely do that !
No, didn't know that. Is this map licensed to or used by other investigative journalists since '08? tyvm
Nice piece on shirking, but I think you forget that all "sole proprietors" are working for someone. Except, maybe, daytraders
Just got back from a run.. Loving this weather
I need a vacation
Thank you! It's a good Monday. :)
he's guna blow real soon!
Tara can I have a cat
Still no electricity p___p Aaaaahhhhh. Why today. No electricity mean no phone. My battery have only 14% ><
So I guess EHS isn't performing. Just were on for a second..
I know a few people that don't like coaches. Meanwhile I'm coaching them. Ignorance really is bliss
good morning!
Thanks for all the social media love today! Grateful to have such quality people to CELEBRATE with!!
Trade Pierce
#hackweek at Twitter!
I just went back to the episode where you quoted Snoop from The Wire-- "How my hair look--?" ;; You got the voice spot-on, dude.
About to make breakfast.
Overheard in the lobby: apparently you don't need to see the Twilight movies to enjoy The Hunger Games.
hey thanks for following ;)
Maybe one day, Oscar Mayer will introduce "Lunchables For Adults!" Until then...I guess I'll just continue to eat 7 Lunchables as a meal.
What comment were you about to make?
hot beats
Took about 20 emails but finally got the one I was hoping for.
Lord I hope it do not Snow That much
Saturday I'll be wrestling in Marble Falls.Then Sunday Short film shoot in the morning followed by a wrestling match in New Braunfels,TX.
#OutOfURMind if u think MB ain't got swagg... Roc come to Birmingham Al again n u will get your #1 girl n I'm 14 to ;)
Oomf Sittin At This Table With Me..!
I don't know who this asshole kid thinks he is yelling next door but he's ruining my hammock time.
yes sir!
#SolanaBeach becomes first city in #SanDiego county to #banthebag .. Next?
No kidding ;) I'm glad you followed - I should tweet more often!
Concentration is extremely difficult today
Wounds fucking hurt...
Why are you watching the fight?
RT : Seriously, this president is best I've seen at job in my lifetime. I wish more liberals could stop nitpicking and see that.
Don't forget "set -o pipefail" :-)
o I missed LA a lot today. It passed eventually.
No official training -but it was an interesting book. :)
i like the way you think very real
Thanks for the #Klout article. Now I just feel bad.
JESUS TAKE THE WHOLE DAMN VEHICLE
You always know exactly what to say. #loveit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Very excited to launch our online store! Buy shirts & handcrafted jewelry, with all proceeds aiding children with substantial hospital debt.
he damn well better! but ill give him the biggest of hugs and say it was directly from you haha, he'll know who you are
Chemicals In Personal Care Products Can Cause Genital Malformation — Expert
Have you watched them? Worth seeing?
you rock! Spread the word!
were named best actor and best actress.
Mine was Heat! That crappy edition with no special features lol!
Lol Alisha showed her ass at overboard that night. Peed in the parking lot before we went in and then throw up. But I held her hair. Haha
Matt Barnes girl is sexy af!!
Now we are on loop
Dangit! I wanna see the Whitney tribute!!
I swear. Some people in class sound like they are high ALL THE TIME.
Rainy, gloomy day in Greensboro but still loving life:-)
If you like sports
because they're focused only on their own needs. You're just a resource to be allocated that matched their database query.
.Do the Koch Brothers live in a "Stand Your Ground" state? feel threatened--Just sayin'
so do I
Just got home from the debate. It was rough but I think we did good. Round 2 at 9am...ugg this is ganna be a long day...
You got it, it's a helluva good point!
Who sez you can't get rug burns from your wall...
“: Your actions and your words should always agree with each other. Don't say one thing, then do another.” at
Ken's Broom St is taking care of the cast/crew of NEXT!
I'm still waiting for someone to post a "Rocktober" reference in a status update.
Yu need to get ya hoe man
[film] toe to toe, nose to nose, oh to O
NO WAY! this EXISTS!??
Amazing weekend. Thank you so much to all the people that came out to see us. I love everyone of you.
Who thinks I should try out for America's got talent??
“: Is anyone else having one of those days where everyone they have to interact with seems to be on crack? #headDesk”oh yes!!!
Getting ready to our regional convention in Ocean City, Maryland.
Wish I didn't give my teddybear away:(
Fair use vs 108, so much has changed since guidelines were created
": Tebow time? False. Tebow is located nowhere on a clock, analog or digital."
How do you like the IV osteo meds vs. weekly/monthly meds? I'm considering it. Is this the once yearly?
I saw him again at dusk in the dead pine. The young Eagle, that he is. His colors not changed, yet.
while you are adorable, married with children is not my target audience. I ain't no homewrecker!
Oh no you didn't. Now I have that commercial in my head too. It's the worst!
Dex:Global warming? Who cares if my grandchildren don't get to see Polar Bears, I didn't get to see Dinosaurs. Me: Dex, look in the mirror!!
I love Herr! (:
oh and send coffee please...
The threat of 'lashes' would probably prevent me from doing stuff...I'm sure the lasher goes for blood every time.
miss you too<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
i would like you all to know that the gets margaritas on fridays. you hear that ?? cc:
Shoutout to for doing my hair for the fashion show tonight
MATT; HOOLES.! THEE ARE SO MANY OF THEM.! NOSE HOLES.! EAR HOLES.! WATER HOLES.! BANANAS.! B A N A N A S.! OOOOHH.!!! WHO LIVES A PINEAP ...
PUSSY MAGNET!
Dude, I knew it! That's a client of mine. I knew it the second tweeted it.
I could probably walk there within a few hours! or I could continually call my house until they wake up ;)
ha nice! you crazy kids
buy everything for her?
RT : says he'll develop a veteran's employment center at city hall. #sccmayor. mayoral debate.
Stop by today and enjoy a burger with brown sugar fried fig on top!
chillin, u have to forgive me, I'm a fan, but atleast I can admit it. thats step one...........
I hate people who get drunk and can't handle their liquor, go get a blunt and sit the fuck down please...
Me? ::bats eyelashes:: I wouldn't do a thing like lie to someone. ::giggles hysterically::
Grant Balfour
Morning everyone :)
#badnight someone talk to me. Help me get my mind off things... please?
Fuck! Really wasnt trying to start allergy season 2 months early this year!
Got sent home from school i'm goin home to fry sum pork chops up on sum fat shit
- question from the crowd: what'll happen to health exchange gains made last session if fed health reform is struck down?
Get Ready for Tonight w/ ! It's Monday Let's Party!
okay woo
Oh and p.s. get on a plane and stop kidding around cuz it's time to get down
Interviewing for a job? Ask not what a company can do for you, ask what you can do for the company.
What lengths would you go to in order to save your dog? Dr. Mike is on the show today with an inspirational tail. #PTLPun Watch at 9!
No Thank you!
Many times, while writing Doyle Alexander, I'll write Alexander Hamilton. And vice versa. They are equally important.
I will get the pics up soon! by saturday. Promise :-)
In a Beauty Rut!? I am here to save the day.
im sure has seen your tweets like im sure he saw ours you wont get a response but remember when one door closes another opens!
This little tny gotta b most enjoyable around. Guy raises ep, put him on no pr-was right..won a nice pot no shwdwn by defending btn w T5o...
like that hat girl
come to local lounge! I'm djing at 12!
Don't like me? Cool... I don't wake up in the morning to impress you.
RT Oh writers.
Christian Wiman is speaking now, and he's talking about "Gravelly Run" by A.R. Ammons....He's quoting from the poem now, the end of it...
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I got another tattoo
Hope everyone is having a great niight
Your faith is the detonator that connects the desperation of your situation to the explosive power of God!
DJ Paul delivers! RT Me: Dj Paul never played my song! yes he did, you don't even know what it sounds like! Me: oh..
Totally Agree": Special Prosecutor Angela Corey is impressive. Smart, fair, determined to find truth. #justicefortrayvon"
The best way to knock the chip off your neighbor's shoulder is to pat him on the back. ~ Author Unknown
no i have to hold down the fort at the pub for the watch party
Pretty girl shake it. I Like It Like It Like That.
Because I am I'm just a undercard hopefully
Thanks for being patient and have a fantastic weekend everyone! Great things coming soon from D3xsoft!
I knoww I heard.. How did that go?
don't wow me, he's better than Travis Ishikawa
good morning (: yees , its friday..(:
that looks fantastic.
On Social Media: "You can't force cool" "You can't buy love"
was he mad happy lol
Hungry? Let us feed you!
#thingsiamthankfulfor 1.) family members and freinds! 2.) caller ID so i can avoid certian family members and freinds!
Documentary vocab continues to grow have three more to my list each more powerful than the last.
Sailor Moon my nigga.
Prince is no longer a Brewer. He will sign a 9 year 214 Million Dollar contract with the Detroit Tigers.
Pretty damn good -- what you up to this morning?
revamping audio gear from yesteryear!
Never doubt that you can change history. You already have. - Marge Piercy
you need to tell her you hv too much time invested in honing that skill. Can't let it go to waste now.
Is this a bad sign to Romney's general election chances that he cannot place in the reddest of states?
We can't wait for a delicious staff holiday dinner tonight at ! See you soon!
just saw someone with an old school McSorley Kings jersey. Immediately rushed to bet on them.
: knows all the words to your songs and swears he's twice as handsome.
Join the SD Public Library 2:30 820 E Street all April for Friday Talking Pictures feat. Gus Van Sant. 4/6 selection: "Drugstore Cowboy"
that makes me inappropriately proud. maybe you could explain this in Aristotelian terms? trying that was killing me yesterday.
Yes, that was good enough to repeat. For. The. Win.
Very nice!
PS- the bike ride was amazing, and honestly a lot less scary than I thought it would be!
After watching "Tegan & Sara: Get Along", I have new respect for the band. Their life in music is really inspiring to see
Yes, I can
What is your favorite holiday treat? Use those ovens and bake some holiday cookies!
i had too much fun lastnight....
I heard that today. I think there stereotype problem is much bigger than I understood. It inhabits pop culture, all diff. places
Kobe dagger. :-(
2 days in a row, dude behind homeplate in a trench coat and big yellow headphones. Somebody get him some modern ear buds!
Will someone bring me a glass of white wine? I'm in booth 318
it was said by a 4 yr old but still...lol
Had a fun afternoon of coffee, shopping, and Parks & Rec with :)
Average Bakersfield Rainfall around 6"/year, Average Palo Alto Rainfall around 15"/year. Better get used to it! #gocardinal!!!
Part of the problem w/ user-created news content online is deciding what is trustworthy. A need for critical thinking - Vint Cerf
Good morning Beauties! Keep your mistakes and failures in perspective as you try to move forward. Have a wonderful day!
what it is pimpin!!!
If you want a critique, you probably deserve more than 140 characters. DM me your email address and maybe specific questions?
Happy #ThankfulThursday! Take a moment to enjoy that you are "Open for Business".
he doesn't look a day over 200!
Wow. Ouch. Think my doctoral degree in education means quite a bit, actually.
called you up earlier phone dead???
Go follow
Anyone want to invest $50,000 in me? I'm good for it.
operation make everyone fat around me is underway. step 1: girl scout cookies for everyone!
And that's the empty chair where you should be sitting, but you're not.
History of WWII. Thank god for this class
Just tell Chris . i think he will be txting me tmr... and after freshmen, i will transfer.
Had conference call with distributor last week so should be saying something soon.
Last day in Hawaii, for real this time. Heading home tomorrow.
Anybody know were austin is??? #worried havent herd him anybody
The concert was A-mazing! #loved it
Lol Im back out starting thurs, i just been lowkey RT : lies. Who is this new person!!!? Lol
Why is it that when I have a boyfriend other people like me? Yet when I'm single none of this shit happens
getting ready for a video shoot... Ferrari looking right... "Party My Life Away" coming soon...
i just saved a search on "#c OR #cccc11 OR #4c11 OR #cccc2011" - no more trouble than searching a single hashtag
19k entering 100/200-25A. Feeling good after a relaxing dinner in the room.
": Shout out to my followers" naa shout out to u gorgeous
Thanks for the #FF!
I'm in!! But I can't comment on it. Is that okay?
Lol been a lil busy. I gatchu from now on
aw what a fun age!! And thanks for your prayers! So appreciate them!
#UTSA now owns the NCAA record for first season attendance!
Dolphins consider logo change
Would help but She play to fucking much #deal with it
Thank you!!! Good to see you again :)
can't wait to get some and try it I love a good wine
lol. Yea I thought about it, but the other side was sittin still too. Lol
dear Twitter "Who to follow": you will never be a playa until you stop recommending a certain overrated pop star
": I am doing some drinking - before i go out drinking." <------ Looking to get lucky with self..
#cavs looking three in a row, let's get it cavs
We gave you another shout out. Really like your stuff!
No one will leave alone after he belts out his song during tonight's #dkseminfinals!
I wish I was a pie.
Last meeting of the semester today. It's been a roller coaster of a year but we are stoked for what future holds for the group!
Oh, Bonnies tapping into her dark magic.
Tip #181: PORNOGRAPHY is a relationship killer; keep your heart, mind, & soul pure from all of that garbage!
Where is the love
Seems like Cash Money Records recruiting all the veterans.....
Or she could just come back and do another fucking show over HERE.
SundayFunday: The #lakefront was packed yest so we took it out on the #bayou :) #ilove 2
IM GONNA LIVE MY LIFE! I LOVE THIS SONG
Watching American Idol for the first time in years. I used to love this show since the beginning.
I am soo tired today :/ think ill just go to sleep in a couple minutes
a perfectly reasonable gentleman's night out.
My visa for china trip will be ready on Monday. Yiwu here I come!
Officially declaring all busses as one. #worldpeace Time to extinguish the Flames!
Thanks for including us!
Holiday....finally
WATCHING YO GABBA GABBA WITH MY ONE YEAR OLD
thomas pasatieri, a composer featured in our upcoming 332 concert, taught at ccm in the 80s.
no really the pic is all blurry
So true. RT All work and no play makes my savings account grow
same here!
I ment #mesohorny by crew is awesome :) Cereal Bowles
You too, Lorrie!
About to start this skills development workout out.
There is no end to the adventures that we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open
I mean I just can't see how you get yo scalp tatted up. I guess if your stuck bald then it is what it is. Lmao
Audience boos birth control q
hey;) I'm nicole & I'm fine hby?
Please!!! That would be awesome haha I really just want to finish this class and move on:P
thanks for sharing - that's a great writeup!
: if we hang out tomorrow, I'll do it!
sitting back putting all my issue's in a swisher
Oh holy shit
I'm better than ever (: haha I didn't die I promise :O
mmhmm of course...and I know that LA doesnt mean you OUT here in LA...smdh...
Thanks Marissa, aka, future music video honey
Shouldn't Paul Johnson be on one of your shows on Fox? You and Coulter with Rush could spew some good hate.
such a precious little tot
Busy night !
what's up?
So I'm dating a white guy an I'm really enjoying myself with him
go head boy
just texted you and this time save my number ! (:
is Dr. J really your godfather?
Good morning. Welcome to our store this Tuesday morning. Let us know if you have any questions while shopping.
Cabs are Fab. Cheers!
...REAL TALK
Overall, I’m confused over Leap of Faith’s nomination (really?), thrilled for Peter & the Starcatcher, and otherwise ok with
Shout out to all my new followers.
“: A strong mind and will conquers all! I like to believe!!” is that what you say at the dinner table
OKC bout to pull out the broom
Ewww! I can't stand his ass!
You see, before he came down here, it never snowed. And afterwards, it did. If he weren't up there now, I don't think it would be snowing.
I have class Thursday evenings :( but I'm going to keep JJH on my fun-radar now...
Ain't SHIT in the fridge. FUCK! Now I gotta see these ratchet ass niggas at #walmart. I know I will. Never fails!
Would you measure best by broad engagement, or intellectual depth? And would HNN count as a blog?
#Blasphemy! Instead, "The Red Badge of Standardization" RT : hmm -I'd like to see Gone w the Testing
tara told me she's gonna get john o callaghan to give me a shoutout mhm
My God is still powerful!
I would give away 250K to my church, park 50K away for college edu, Invest 300K untouchable and put 400K into my business
Cool it's only Tuesday.
You never know who may be facing a battle right now. Be kind to one another, love each other, and talk to each other. All you need is love<3
can't wait for #TheVoice tonight!! I am torn between Tony and Juliette good luck and <3 2 u both x
I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe.
yep. annoying!
So we'll pretend it's alright and stay in for the night Oh what a world I'll keep you safe here with me
That #Blackhawks game was so bad tonight, I'm definitely expecting nightmares. Horrendous loss, painful to watch. We need you back Toews!
Whenever you’re using someone else's bathroom, you’re always self-conscious to whether or not they can hear you.
Faboulous will be in the building at Lush on Long Beach,California May 24th. Tyga just confirmed he will not make it.
lol I don't have wisdom teeth anymore they yanked all four out
Mississippi John Hurt radio.
I can see it now: returns 2 see Rob w full beard, sitting pantless in corner pounding on keyboard w taco shells all ovr
A wise teacher advised: Learn the basics before you become sophisticated!
"I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love."
Asbury Park Comic Con is probably the best experience I've ever had at a convention. Make sure you go Sep 29!
is definitely the best Bucco blogger twitter. Me and this guy think along the same lines.
Elegant #fashionstar, what don't you get about ELEGANT!?!
It's going to cost me $27 for the library book my dog destroyed. Are you f'ing kidding me?! I can get the same book online for $7!!
Blogging about a new raffle prize we just got in. This one is so cool that I almost don't want to give it away :(
ok, we canceled your active game, feel free to start over (37m-f5)
Lets stop being messy on twitter and get back to that beat!
Don't you wonder why people who you knew 27 years ago suddenly contact you out of the blue??
well good! So I can play with your puppy! And see you obvi! Its been too long my friend!
Right on time! Live Your Life - T.I.
I have like five zeros.
dude your wathcing balboa without me?!?!?!?!
I really like SCIP. Good for kids w unique errors. Saves time. Great way to use multiple oppositions tx.
when love takes over
While I enjoy loose leaf tea, I'm not certain of the focus aspect-I'm guessing it has more benefits than Focus Vitamin Water
Correction to the last tweet: the memorial was built right after WWI. Another memorial built in 1993 does not omit those...
lol good cause I don't get paid yet :p and thanks for being sick so no lunch tomorrow :((((((
Wish I could take a pill that would numb the pain I feel from missing my husband he is traveling.
#istandgrand please follow me
NEW MUSIC DROPS TODAY!! Be Ready.
Hanging out with my best friend without me
Running the #BostonMarathon in skinny jeans.
yess we do and they only go to maury because they betta then us white girls
Grinding a sub-par tank is strangely enjoyable for a devoted fan such as myself.
Here is the deal Sean, Rebublicans and Demorates need to come together and fix the economy. Aways disagreement or agreement!why
Will do!
Ugh, wish I had a job to go to tomorrow. Well the search continues :/
happy birthday<U+2665>
You too! RT : And just like that it's Sunday morning. Hope yours is a relaxing and happy one.
pride, followed up w/ hooters, and I'm w/ annnndddiiieeee. Wish you were in town!
What a great contribution Dick Clark made to music and America. I love the oldies and he made it fun to listen to them!
Thanks! The company is a REIT out of Ohio- Phillips Edison, but my office will be in Brookfield.
Then why, Miss Sarah, do you support policies that make it impossible for many mothers to FEED their children? Heartless!
Hey everyone! We're redecorating and revamping SFR! What would you guys like to see and what can you help with?
Cortez: The Vine and the Branches - Sun.Star
that would be awesome!! I would definitely come!
Listening to the Wicked soundtrack while studying. Best night ever. Let's go back.
Sorry ballers, we were having technically difficulties. Fixed now. Register until 7 pm tonight. Go get 'em. www.gokickball.com/columbus
Thank U for bringing a breath of fresh air to #RAW last night.. I hope you stay around for good this time ! They need u !
Never thought to do
hey baby mama <3
no worries, if you would like to enjoy another laugh check out my account balances
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Italian Cream cake w/Cream Cheese Frosting on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
The only thing that would make the three-day Phoenix forecast better is a haboob.
I am texting Rachel, I love this girl! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Now all we need is some donuts. I just saw a tray of them moving across the street.
Lunch shopping practice lines for audition dinner and then finally relax!
it's cuz he looks like cody simpson with blue eyes and theyll b like "ur lying" im always tol im 2 fat nd ugly 4 a guy li ...
I'm cruising around in my Kia! :)
Dan Rather gets a standing O after getting emotional during his call to students to create a better, more racially unified country.
The dear teen me letter I'm writing is gouging my heart out, time for some chocolate...
It is not sufficient to see and to know the beauty of a work. We must feel and be affected by it.
This #thunderstorm is exactly what I needed today.
There's no better feeling than having a clean room/house!
My fake tan looked good last night, but as more time has passed, I now look orange. oh well.
why is everyone worried?:/
You're welcome, thanks for your Follow too!
“: Really curious to see who wins the 640 million tonight!”. Me too!
Great new blog in the Community section of our site regarding #hydrocephalus & #specialneeds www.knowledgesafari.com join us!
Up early to make a "Killer egg casserole" for Easter brunch with my family.
#allnight it's going down tonight #TranceFamilylv #lvtrancemovement who else is going?
i had it last period
it's a strange comfort. The unknown is simply too scary for a lot of people.
#goodcause MT follow , & They will donate a penny to Second Harvest Food Bank for each new follower.
okay den... I'll send it in an hour
Rack city , rack rack city bitch !
And we're off. First possession, great movement and quick jumper from KG.
if i said yes, would that not be ok?
Volunteerism is essential to our success. We feel better about ourselves, and build networks!
I am going to get ahead of the game and pick out my clothes for tommorow. What shall I wear?
RT : So stoked for the NFL Draft
DO IT!
Big night for #Deron Williams 57 points. Glad I have him on my fantasy basketball team.
he smart enuf to know to go beyond the SouthEast region
Trying to marry money, but that bitch keeps getting cold feet.
thanks for commenting on my new book "Mastering Self-Motivation" soon to be available to the public in early 2012.
that's what we call winning.
You're a good one, too.
Considering I am drunk and Christmas shopping.....someone is going to do all right tonight!
gasol should not have even shot that, game was over
Nothing like a little shopping to take my mind off things.
ill miss you guys to, I mean we can keep in touch if everyone wants too!
I am at my sisters this evening.
I love launches. It's a party for all! Let me know if you want any ideas.
Every which way but loose!
Off to give talk on "New Media, New Modernisms" in Albany: magazine studies, crossed with modernism, mixed with Memex.
Richardson/Weeden/Randle isn't a bad trio for the Browns I guess.
You're such an amazing person. Thank you soo much for everything Aneaa, love you! <3
I heard Facebook added an "organ donor" <3 option to a user's relationship status
& \ media slam, #hackersmack U blame god 4 all things.God judges WBC now as they have judged. Fear the wrath.
I have Italian too. And how the fuck am I lucky ?
Did you know that half of all US undergrads attend #communitycollege during their college career? More on the important topic on Monday!
Tomorrow is the Ides of March, but Friday is the day our new iPads arrive at home.
Just figured out why I love m&t bank. They have a ledge below the counter. It's PERFECT junk level for me.
I love me some
Sure. What's the best email address to contact you?
Avril Lavigne is still popular enough that people wishing her happy birthday is trending? Is it possible that it's 2002 in the Twitterverse?
I feel so smart getting asked to be a tutor
Sleeping in tomorrow>>>
Me too
Next time to tirer, but enjoy & be safe ": Who's coming to hang out with me and Ocho tonight? #SouthBeach"
I ain't say go2one place I said go suma erwea kan u do wat I say n how I say fa a khange damn dawg
I'm doing amazing :D
I love to write, because I love to live.
oh my god yeah! We'd kill that shit ! ;)
Congratulations to for winning Almont Lindsey Award & to for winning Willie Lee Rose Award
Don't call me pet names if I'm not yours to pet. And most likely, I'm not.
what an impressive journey ! Did the fact that the blog was public help ? I would guess it made the objective stick.
is ecstatic to be heading to Las Vegas in a couple of days for
I'm listening to Jeffree Star. Hate on it bitch.
i still wouldve said fuck it we're going to wy. they cant control what's sold across the street. punk ass baccis!
That sounds kinda hot.
We're gunna have a poster in "College Musical" anyone got design experience?
We back !
What, you're not going anymore?
i can't even say i hate KD... but i can say i dont want the thunder to win...
I never realized it... but Cheerios kind of snap, crackle, and pop too. You should try it.
Successful wedding in the pouring rain! Now onto the reception soaked.
I follow people just to follow people on twitter, hoping they'll follow me back so my followers list doesn't look so pathetic...
Christian Williams~ Words are a heavy thing...they weigh you down. If birds talked they couldnt fly.
Yes! I followed you. Can you now follow back?
loving !!! everyone should tune in to see some real bitches
Watching a movie in anthropology today. What a wonderful announcement!
Well, my mandolin got to Oregon today, now waiting repair. Apparently I feel musically lonely, without my greatest instrument friend.
sent me one of his card things on August 15th, 2011. <U+E328>
killed it tonight! I lost a gauge but it was totally worth it.
I know, people are clueless and then everything is only reinforced for young kids which keeps the cycle going
you're welcome hun!(:
The ATP & WTA finally meet in the middle & let the women play the men. First tournament surface to be blue tempur-pedic.Or grass.Wet grass.
Rock On! Ashton Kutcher is replacing Charlie Sheen on Two and a Half Men. Now I'm more excited than ever to continue not watching it.
Conspiracy theories are the ultimate refuge of the powerless.
" ... his talke is held arguments, when the Scripture-arguments are held but talke." --Thomas Adams
....nice to know? Creep. FWD: M im gonna get in the shower. To get all wet. And soapy. And stuff
should come over today :D
Why is the Left so INTIMIDATED by the #Tea Party?
China's ageing population
Morning Fb. What's your plate this week?
- Also, want to introduce you to an EDTech Expert in DC who's a teacher that can give you feedback
take her to McDonald's lol
Looks like fun was had by all. What an experience 4 ur son. Wow!
for sure. You going to annual?
This weed is some good shit.
Denver wins the toss. Will Tebow's do it again?
No motivational quotes tonight. I just want Tony Romo & the defensive backs fired tonight! It is time for Jerry Jones to Wake Up!
This is an important guide to how you can own a record label
spice your page up . Your the baddest on earth !
Finally headed to rehearsal
Seattle Symphony? I've been looking for a good Pops Orchestra out here.
I gotta start exercising again. My tummy is starting to look a little pudgy lol
Don't Say " I Love You " if you telling other bitches that to !
You know it's going to be a good day when two songs come up on shuffle on your way into work. Let's do this Friday.
Ugh. This cold is not joking around. Gonna be a short work day. I need my couch and toy poodle.
It's Wine Down Wednesday! Come enjoy half-price select bottles of wine tonight!
its only 6 o'clock, and you say me and start early
Yuck. Don't even want to think bout that
A Brooklyn film for a Brooklyn audience. Kid throws, misses. Boy #1: "Think the Dodgers would hire him?" Boy #2: "To play for the Giants."
yeah Donny boy..look at Wisconsin dead last in jobs under R-Scot Walker.
have a relaxing rest of your night!
That awkward moment when the guy who discovered milk, had to explain what he was doing to the cow.
You can find your way across this country using burger joints the way a navigator uses stars
We were trending on Wednesday, lets see if we can trend again starting tomorrow!
You no tweet no mo?
I'm great thank you for asking!!! So stoked to see y'all again! Hopefully soon!
A same thang when I was working at ups them bitches be vultures lmao
"Real" and "true" not as useful as most think and can be more useful than most know how to make them.
Aw man! Totally forgot to put on running tights as a layer today.
Why is it I feel so alone right now? I shouldn't but I do..... :/
Coming to the Annual Users Conference June 13-15? Follow to get live conference tweets & updates as they happen!
Sincerest condolences to the Garcia family; it's a loss for the whole BC community
I'm a Stoner yeah yeah yeah you get the picture now..
Olive oil has natural antioxidants and its soap makes a creamier lather. That's why The Soap Guy uses olive oil in all of his soaps!
We sure do, thanks! RT : The NW Association of Book Publishers helps independent publishers/authors create & market their books
Dates of Nazareth Dance fest are July 12-21.
Glad your back RT : We are looking forward to it. Hope to see a great turnout again this season.
man my gramma be slick when she tells me what to do.. "baba i think theres dishes in the sink" or "oh only one?"
Need yall to follow back....
Wow, NBC axed the 3 best comedies on network television in one felt swoop.
My favorite approach RT : Stop asking me about the job search. When I have one I'll let you know... Thanks
What dance events are going on this weekend in DC, MD & VA? Reply back using the hashtag
anybody ever think that when an animal runs out into traffic they could be trying to committ suicide??
I'm done with this haha goodnight! :)
#AngieChuang, #AmericanU, at #WFUD12 conference: Journalists just don't talk about or think about "fair use." Definition & scope unclear
In average PPC customers are better than TV generated leads & magazine advertising is very hard to track. But SEO is still the best ROI yet.
Thanks for the RT. Spread the Vegan Word
alright b
heading to the tweetup/social at Passanger and RFD. Photographing drunk libs last night was easy - will need to be stealthy tonight!
I'd like to do a set of pictures where I pose like all the hottest women. What do you think? , are you in?
Guys, time is ticking: If you don't switch teams, your girlfriend WILL force you to see "What To Expect When You're Expecting."
Capezio is the official shoes for Allegro Dance Company! www.capeziodance.com Only the best!
How do think the new #facebook #timeline for business pages layout is going to effect the way you present your business?
You're amazing! :)
When choosing a puppy typically the best puppy chooses you rather than the other way round!
woah i think that's worse then not seeing titanic, like way worse!
: True, who ever plays Whitney in her biopic doesnt have to look like her, but it would help if there's a resemblance. We say Rihanna.
Son if Squindale puts a hat on that platypus and names him Perry.....bruh
Text us your sports questions & comments for our !
Ohh how did i forget that doug has an enormous grapefruit tree in his backyard?? Taking a big bag home with me!! :)
Hi Tatyana - we do them all in-house. We have a talented woman (Kelley Rytlewski) who thinks of them and designs them...
i thougt friends were forever but i guess not . .
Rt follow Need to get this twitter game up!!!
Let's add. Still images too. Connecting visually with excellence. " Using video to reveal your business's "human" side."
I hate wen my computer heat up...
LMAO "It's a tablet that touches you back"
Also, why do clocks even make noise? If I need you, I will LOOK UP AND ADDRESS YOU... I'm going to throw this thing out.
Home sick listening to boagworld
Deadliest Catch tonight!
don't cry for me Mar Vista
TY for the retweet. #SeeSaw definitely does extend the conversation:) cc:
Ima Texts You :)
What about Brooklyn? The Forgotten Waltz? Carry The One?
Mirror on the wall here WE ARE AGAIN
fingers are crossed for an *instant-classic* 5-setter. let's go federer
Gotta earn my respect it's not that easy!
Now that I am traumatized by the upcoming generation who will be one day running the country......time for a bong hit.
wait you made a new twitter?
thanks Chad
DITTO!!! RT : I'm tired of seeing the Christian Lattner shot!
lol it's in June that's when u sang to me psycho! Lmao and u should put it in yours
now which color ?
2000 words exactly.
hates poison ivy...poison oak...or whatever this affliction may be!
that's ok after 5 hour tempo ride at the udder century and my legs fell off after 80. Time trial 28 mph for 30 miles.
tomorrow night
What if one day you randomly wake up as a baby and realize that your whole life was a dream.
Surprise afternoon starbucks!! Thanks to <U+2615><U+2615>!
I like boobs. This isn't a problem its good. Boobs are nice.
Daniel Francis, my love..... This is so you!! Think our Jets vs. Patriots trip to New,York last year, hee, hee!!
What made you laugh, the tweet or the profile statement? :P
Forgot to post yesterday: I knocked out my 15 minute abs routine. Week 2 is now complete. Moving right along to week 3. Let's get it y'all!
Let's see if my voting paid off last night (:
Getting good travel info from and and
Happy Early Birthday Mamacita! Hah Have Fun!
Haha, summer of girls here we come!!
I should've made chocolate chip cookies today! :o
Listening to Alex Wolff play Advocacy Summit. Very talented--and he cares about kids living in poverty!
I feel ya. :/ I had me and Adam's wedding planned...
so dude u get a kick out of stealing the identity of someone. how would u like it if someone did it to you
Who knew?RT : wernt u guys saying the bucks would lose against the knicks and against miami???
What's the fuss...Harry's the true catch! Cute, naughty, doesn't have all the royal duties W has.
Lmfaoo !! #MBLyricsTurnedRatchet should trend ! But I want MB to contribute to this TT , that would be hilarious !!
It's 70 degrees on the first day of spring. A glass of rose or white wine on our patio is calling your name.
Life is uncertain. Eat dessert first.
I spent a couple of hours working last night and I'm glad I did. It's going to make today super easy!
Um Both But We Can Share Vinny
Help there is too much male testosterone in my house!//Run the vacuum cleaner. It's painful to male ears... ;-)
Just finished sub 40 min 5 miler for 2nd day in a row..Time for some beer!
Thank you so much
yaaaasssss...!!!!! What dayton get here
Currently in NM. Won't be able to accommodate private lessons until Sept. 25th. Video drills coming soon! "Play it as it lies."
Kitteh is not happy about takin a car ride today. And quite loud about it.
I watched the alphas pilot last night pretty damn good!
Are you seriously only 22? Le sigh.
LOL. Punks jump up to get beat down.
Sunny Day. Sweeping the clouds away. On my way to where the air is sweet. Getting the Children's Garden ready for Saturday's planting today.
www.pledge4patriots.com is taking a caravan of volunteers from Sedalia, Mo to Joplin. WED, June 01,2011 interested in going join or donate
saving the reference day! (Again)
Good Morning. Next week at this time I will be helping to set up the for it's season opener.
Happy mothers day! :)) <33
do you have any tips for the eyepencil virgin?
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference.
. Hi there! You can follow Donovan House goings-on w/ us now. Rooftop bar opens at 5pm every night for HH. Come enjoy!
swag don't pay bills
Your welcome! Cheers.
Yo Cas holla at me when you have a chance. I need to get at you about a track of your
You are horrible !!! What a loser!!
Can You Wish Me Good Luck?!? I'm Competing Against Alot Of Other Kids In Orange County Tomrrow! Please<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>?
Whew! Slept almost 12 hours last night. It's safe to say I needed to catch up on some sleep. Time to "go get 'em", and "seize the day".
That song. oh my. <3
Headed to target practice and to throw tomahawks WITH (not at) my hubby. This should be a memorable experience!
have a trill one bro
awww! you're making me one, how sweet!
The words "You dun goofed" don't even begin to describe the situation.
Sponges are still harvested in Tarpon Springs, but tourism is now the largest industry.
Chicago Bears have agreed to phrases with second-round draft ...
Youngsters make mistakes the mess is cleaned up-change diaper and move on! Adults-embarrassment and fear of making mistakes-no change!
I hate doctors
i requested #STDF on radio disney :) it's an amazing song! love you <3
One time for everybody on they grind.....
Awesome :) I'm going to try to stop in for a brew while out there
pshh u know i cant cook ese! lol its cool pancake cool lol it funny
Hahaha anytime :D
I have a Nook (1st gen). Now I want a tablet. Sigh.
how did I not know you watch revenge?! The plot is getting so thick! Love it!
you have a breathtaking hiney I mean that things good, I wanna be friends with it
My Kelly is sick. :(
hey get at me for true handcrafted scissors by me for real pros peace
A Fantastic Christmas Day Had all my Kids home and the Grand Kids too. Just doesn't get better for me Love them so much I am truly blessed
same, school, homework bored lol
Thanks for the retweet! Take care.
NO I Am not joking I am hacked
nyquil - they advertise it as the nighttime, sleepy, stuffy head cold medicine.
no leo, no leo soy de palo y tengo ojos de chino
This summer I'll be #working making #Vegas beautiful..it's all about the #waxing, #facials & great #skin care! :)
Major shakeup at the Milwaukee Co Sheriffs Dept. Exclusive details at 10pm
11:11 make a wish everyone and wish for the best out of life :)
OMG pearland is so far!!
i need her numver
listening to richard lawson right now on blogtalkradio!
hey girlfriend text me back?=)
Even the stars may burn, sometimes the fall to the earth
it was really good. you should try!
I Love All These Libra Things Yu ReTweet
Happy Star Wars day, everybody. May the fourth be with you!
Protesters again fill street circling Capitol for second Saturday. MPD says crowd could swell for 3 pm rally.
Check out ! we have a #UI #Designer req opening. Our first designer at a Greylock funded startup
And its definitely on cuddle mode.
thanks stud!! **kisses**
The 2012 NCAA Baseball season starts today. Bam. #Springtime. Let's go BC!
Add cabbage to you diet. It is packed with glucosinolates, chemicals that defend your body from cancer-causing free radicals?
That's so great to hear! Hope to see y'all back here soon!
In love
can't wait will be there!!!
it already is rileyfusco capitals dont matter and i dont want it to be my real name cause you can already see that
how was your day Adam? :)
Influenster will be running programs exclusively for moms and greens in August. Don't forget to unlock your badges!
same to you Ross!
Thanks for the #FF You're swell.
“: Honestly the Hawks should have at least made the Finals with that roster. They got talent”
I'll let my mom know, she still doesnt know you're coming. i uh..havent told anyone yet
I need more followers+ a shoutout
Thanks for the follow :)
Thanks Definitely, let's talk. You guys are doing fantastic work!
Thanks to (love your feed) forMT; thanks also to
It would be awesome if there was a website somewhere full of PSD mockups for people to practice cut ups on. And by people I mean me.
get some beats!
THANK YOU for your hard work these last 4 years I have enjoyed watching you grow and improve.... even if you are a viking fan.
Some of the biggest mistakes made were made under the influence.
Quick question: Who is coordinating student volunteer activities for the conference?
WSR never stops.
Stretch killed it with Rhymecal tonight.A beautiful example of hip hop evolution. And what one can do with the power of word And challenges
- Gonna start to bring down my BFI so I won't feel it on the pitch! Nonstop sprints back & forth in games are deadly.
Many real-life warnings are bogus scare tactics to convince us not to use our superpowers. So this is excellent storytelling.
Happy Birthday to all those celebrating a B-day in March!
The good folks at have also been hard at work redesigning much of our interface to make it: faster, easier, clearer.
I MADE THE HIGHSCHOOL CHEER TEAM! CAN I GET A WHAAT WHAT?(:<3
I am leaving. Yes. Goodbye
My big dogs want only puppy chow. My puppy wants only big dog food. I'm changing the names on the bags to confuse them.
The new bar is fresh and shiny and ready to rest your pint! Stop in for one or three tonight!
This is not a pretty basketball game.
is there any way we can schedule a skype call Monday at like 6 PM? I want to figure things out for Friday!
definitely!!! Will have to meet up!!!
lol!! So how's the first day at the new job?
Can expect too much more from a guy who hits a fire extinguisher
6 games and no #Tigers starter has a win
Did that just happen?! Did THAT just happen?! OHplease retweet
Persistence wears down resistance.
Today, choose to release your cares to the Lord. Let Him fill you with His peace and joy. Receive the rest that He promises.
Had a pretty good day....up until about two minutes ago :(
So excited for maple donuts this weekend. We sold out of the raspberry jelly donuts last weekend!
Now raving about James Brown!!! If all you had in your record collection was the music from Bruce's keynote you would be bad ass cool!!!
plz follow me it would mean the world <3 u cuteness
Sounds great, Daniel!
This finish to Chi bs Mia is crazy. Not in a good way either.
Can't stop laughing at this. Honestly? Why.
Listening to that Cd!!! real hip hop!!! hot album please cop that worth the money
One of the first things I tell clients. Good job.
Happy Birthday DC! Keep living out your dream.
That's what the PR blast email says with his upcoming tour dates.
doesn't tweet much, but he's just composed an awesome mini score for the prologue of the Electric Six video.
Miami 2 Bohemia!!! I see you
I guess i should stop screwing around on here and actually get ready. Thanks for all the birthday wishes for She appreciates it :)
Q2 Annual Survey=huh?
good work at The #B1GTourney JJ.
Tow contract at PS&NS. All I can think about is Parking Wars.
Someone stole my pink Post Its. Really?
age of retirement, people are faced with major changes in life-styles. According to Duvall, there are a number of demands ...
Because it's full of random stuff.
It's a matter of preference, but California just isn't a place where I'd go regularly. SoCal is fun, maybe once per year or so.
Tuned in to Jay Leno...I love seeing do an interview lmao
Anyone coming into #cwcon want to recommend/share a shuttle from the airport?
Good win WVU
My boyfriend asking to take me to a Sandals resort in Jamaica >> made my day #sweetheart lucky girl right here <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
just how west coast are we talkin!?... Like Vegas west coast, or PAC NW... west coast!!!??
On this date in 1852 !st Lady Louisa Adams died & Congress took unprecedented action to suspend business on day of her funeral.
Shooting some photos went great yesterday and you can bet we'll be rockin on Sunday!
hey buddy, my friends daughter wanted to know if saga was 18 & up on certain days
You fell for that Twalue thing too?
Please excuse my mistakes. We'll learn more as we go. But I do promise that it you I have running through my mind.
When does the new Yung Bux EP come out I need it
I think working as a SM manager requires finesse and a love for short copy and conversations. It can get exhausting
Snowflakes as big as softballs are falling in #Loudoun. A beautiful winter morning!
Obama: "I like coke". Fox News: "Obama declares war on Pepsi!!!"
Hello, I am interested in the summer intern position and I would like to know more, but I can't DM you. Thanks!
We are trying that with tech...helps a little but not near enough
With trial pair of hearing aids I can actually hear a "tweet" now.
Hey! I watched those too!! Lmao
I just finished a 5.63 mi run
I cried through the whole new your legit the only reason i watch it.
if drizzy say get her ima get her
Curated public websites created jointly by communities across nations- just 1 ex of how museums & digital media can build bridges
: In stillness there is knowing.
more like
How the hell can one call oneself a revolutionary and a #Republicrat? like a black K member or an educated christian... wtf?!?!
r u a WWE fan?
After session love to hear more thoughts on curation; it's a skill to develop, but not just for L&D, IMO.
...for another sham marriage? RT Listening to at a shoot always gets me in the mood!
Thanks Sean for another great event. Gotta love
God! I just love basketball and cheering at the games is fun. Too bad I suck at playing basketball:/
He's quick, especially on a slick track like that. Wish we had more mods around here but I guess that goes for every class.
Any idea where I can hear Uecker's call? Us Minnesotans don't have the pleasure of hearing Bob on a daily basis.
My aid had been canceled for that year and I owed the fees for that semester! A 4500 dollar bill. I had to leave school and dorm...
good for you man, those songs most definitely deserve a physical release
Thanks for the RT!!
A: "take everything back offline: personalization of products"
@ Hard Rock Cafe Downtown Memphis #firstfridaysmemphis (bout to hit the stage, I mean bar)
Oops... Haha... Well this is awkward...
Just talked with I'm so excited for her visit this weekend!
Had some baklava. Dewey is BOMB
Down over 20 lbs since January 1st and it's all thanks to Best $100 I've spent since buying the original Nintendo at age 7.
damn , i ain't been on twitter in a while waddup ?
Headin over to office depot to buy some "Dragon" Software. Anybody use before?
I'm truly blessed love.. thanks for asking! Wyd?
LMAO - thought is was chick from Juno film! RT : I've added a video...Susan Boyle performs Duet with Elaine Paige (
hell, we drove for three hours, giver me a high five line or something
Nice to meet you!Heard from Tamir the other day.Yeah,he's a great teacher-and a great friend,too!Love him and Sherry dearly.
Is anyone teaching APUSH collaboratively with APLANG? I'm trying to get this set up @ my school. Suggestions?
Are you ready to leave one comfort zone to enter into your destiny?
Mr. Hanky rocks!!
Turned off the light and stubbed my toe on the bed...
I hope she cancels that test tomorrow.
I won't be able to breathe by the time the end of #TheVoiceFinale. #holyshit, everyone is soo good. & WHERE IS ?!
Great win boysRT : Refs had isu in bonus 5 mins into half. Mizzou not even in bonus less than minute left in game.
At #ottobar in #baltimore and its lovely. Be here now.
great buddy, u?
F**k Tucker. Tucker sucks.
Thanks to all for the Happy Birthday wishes!
I wil RT and if they email me I can fwd to group as well.
Austin, i love you<3
Get yur PHD- player hater degree
No worries about the Swedes, but actually thinking MOG b/c of higher audio qual.
you REALLY should connect with Just had an amazing conversation with her...you'd LOVE her.
i'm confused but yes i lost my phone again.
RT : Shout out to our new Twitter followers Elie & Tanisha - great film - a story for good!
..you think? You ought to know by now, silly..you can't FORCE a person especially in matters of love..try making over,
Enjoying the Klout love for #pinterest! Thanks &
I'm ready! :) RT How Social is Impacting #Biz w/ & Twitter Marketing w/ - Are you ready?
Missing teen mom cause the dish isnt hooked up :( hopefully will catch it the second time around
u think ur fresh or somethin?
Doesn't everyone? RT : !! Duder, you looked just right Sumpin legit 'bout it. Real, real cool.
Beauty day at J.Nicole's Day Spa and Salon!
Why why why?!
“: your avi is PREEETTTYYY!”thank you.!!!!
wtf no way... Shot someone lmaf ha
Mid-drink, I ask what erica is drinking. She signs to me, "WARTER". I'm so happy.
Follow bakk please
I am on the site now and could easily add you :) Just let me know. What a great day it has been, how about you?
check out to create your Virtual Tours . Fullscreen unlimited photos, statistics,. Syndication to major sites,more
Happy Easter to everyone much love god bless!
Just finished my picture-in-picture video tutorial
happy birthday 23
Every young frenchman would vote for you if you drove around on one of these and your life would be a lot more fun...
eat your nachos on your own time!
Nothing quite equals the freedom of doing that thing which once seemed impossible. Jim Woods
You could run for Congress on that platform. RT : Plastic flowers are never OK..."planting" them outside should earn you damnation.
Lauren Thanks for the follow. -UT Photographers
Love a #lifestyle special vacation $100 per night Caliente Resorts
welcome to twitter.
We want to connect audiences with each other and their powers within
Go see War Horse! OMG, tears and tears and tears.
My ovaries are gonna be gone if you all keep posting insanely attractive pictures of the boys....
I'm liking the view on Fryman today. And I'm not talking about the valley.
Nothing like awkward questions from your cab driver about the Museum of Sex to help prep for a meeting!
Merry christmas !
don't let them cut you off in class either.
Now watching Knowing
RT : "This is time when medicine and healthcare will undergo a transformation"- Dr. Reed
Y do wires get so tangled with other wires? A a pile of shoelaces would not get tangled together, same point with Twizzler Pull n' Peels.
This year help someone make a memory! Carnival Cruise Gift Certificates on sale now-give the gift of fun this season! Call us 800-803-7245
Yup, prayer is extremely powerful! That's why we're building this prayer app: www.birdofprayer.org
good morning world ... lets get it ....... THE DREAM TEAM
Jealousy is indeed a poor medium to secure love, but it is a secure medium to destroy one ~Emma Goldman
Ever had an idea so big and bright and shiny it blocked out the moon for you, left you sleepless, breathless? That's where I am right now.
Just tell me you exceeded him.
Study Grind.
No you don't! You're pulling my leg, right? RIGHT?!
Alex Kronemer is now speaking at the Peacemakers webinar about how UPF created the dialogues project. www.instantpresenter.com/unity2
Yes. This is 2012. People need to be more open-minded about all aspects of life including sex.
He's still Mike Stanton to me!
#BallDay was yesterday for tune into NOW to find out how it went.
I already realized I left out some songs I would have liked to include. Moron.
Of course, this recommendation comes from a guy who's still reading about the history of Canadian communications policy.
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my vagina, so bang me maybe?
Goal setting. We just did it & now we want to know- what's one thing you're doing in 2012?
Ha, yeah, my feelings on this are definitely influenced by being like Hannah in that regard...
Sometimes I wouldn't believe my life if I wasn't living it
RT : take yo azz home and go to bed!!<shut up. I was just with yo lil girl, yo mama, and my kids..and tha dog
Tweet #RevolutionSaturdays and win a FREE BOTTLE!
I loved it. More....
TIBP thanks for proving yummy food for our annual gala on November 3rd in support of arts education!
I'm sorry...did she discuss eating the placenta?! Really!!?
alright dude.
Another job interview.. trying to get
Eating Spanish Food!! WePaAaA
Thanks, man! We'll have to celebrate back in mpls... And thanks to you for helping blaze the trail. Huge part of the spirit.
Me too.
haha you're the one who works there. Thanks for not telling what an idiot I look like.
the conversation with #oomf >>>>>>>>>>>>> and the other convo with my new bestie>>>>>>>>>>
“: hey how do I log out I dno how.” haha!
Thanks Dave! Appreciate it (and the socks love). Let me know if there is anything I can help with...
just trying to make a dollar out of fifteen cents!
i have one follower . does that make me a loser ? </3
n we have practice tomorro :/
Wild at Heart.<3
In shock. RIP Whitney Houston. Public service announcement: the trolls are in full force on youtube.
: into MSP Thurs night, driving to MKE Fri, to ORD sun, back to SEA Mon. Everyone is going home Sun I think.
In school .. so ready to go home ... thinking about leaving early !!!
TODAY: Nameless Sound Creative Kids BAND, Lucas Gorham, Manu Gonzalez, Jason Jackson & David Dove -HAA Stage- Sat. 27th 1pm
In a running mood? Great events coming up this month: sdsportstoday. #sandiego running
Recommended formula: 20% of tweets about your org/other 80% more about other events/resources/links re: your industry.
All checked in, have a coffee, let the wild vacation start!
Ice skating with my lil sister ! <U+2665>
W.O.L.F. GANG BUT WE NOT OF - WE ONLY LIVE FOREVER
where the fuck have you been the last couple days? #IMissYou #WorkOut needs to start!!!
Hi, how r u doing?
Division champs
Tegan and Sarah...doing it
wtf is that noise i keep hearing! lol
yes to both :) look for 500 words soon -
Ok, ok, we love the guess...but the only way to find out is to listen to all week. Heh. ;)
Nike will unveil new NFL jerseys on Tues. I'm expecting bland (nothing different) from the Browns. Just like everything else they do.
Who gives a shit what people are wearing, you pretentious bastards. Get to the awards.
i had no idea you had a thing for Kathleen Hanna..that feeling is mutual
Follow me...like now?!(:
Forget what just happened....I still can't believe his name is "World Peace" -_-
Wow! It's been a crazy couple of days and another crazy day tomorrow. Fingers crossed for me tweetlings!?
you can text first too. :)
Where do you see that?
Remember when sitting boy girl boy girl was a punishment?
I'll vouch for you :-) RT : Brad kesolowski just gained 55k followers 30 mins. Can I get just one? I can drive too!
Yes. Seriously.
I want you to see, how bad you miss me, and how bad it hurts to see the one you love, with someone else..
RT : Lisa and George are in Miami!! First thing dad says after getting off the plane "Put on !"
is that George Clooney's daughter?
That's fancy!
Oh you're drunk? Please come into my room and hit me with a pillow. I wasn't trying to sleep.
I figure life's a gift and don't intend on wasting it
Okay, library world: who is getting excited about ALMA?
A dark world longs for a splash of sunlight
Going to sleep. Night people!
Block party Chicago tonight..
Vince Vitrano..just heard from your sister...she's voting for Mike Gousha....just kidding :)
Happy Easter everyone! :)
Awesome. Being forced to move by the end of the month. Uh...cool.
I don't know what National Cleavage Day is but I like the sound of it #wheresthecelebration?
I wish you this Christmas Eve drunk with happiness!)))
omg you were in the skate girl island episode of zeke and luther. COOL its on right now. :)
Lol!!!": Uhn huh “ Now its bye I was just saying lol ”"
Screw this goodnite, I will try again tomorrow!
No love
LSU introduces ex-Tiger player Jones as new coach
hahaha I'm telling you, I was being serious!
Matchmaker... :D
#GrnBz #IF11 closing session: what if we strove for happiness not money? what would that mean for our communities and children?
face it yo she looks like a lightskinned nigga RT : ChicagoMadeSean he's tripping. that body & face >> unf
I wanted to so bad! But I have so much freaking homework it's insane!
lo o_O did u told her it Was an accident?
Paranormal activity 3 with the sisssy :*
do you think Bruce Lee could take down Crazy Bones? He was the best martial artist ever.
I'm wit that DJ! He's rt up there! Grey hair in all
Nice! Diggin' that big French Clarendon!
It never gets old - "For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son." We can never outgrow this reality.
Very cool. I feel somehow unprepared for this bit of good news.
Church tonight at CGO, going to the Chino concert my God im excited !! God is good!! =D
why you leave ? We went your direction first on the bus
Petition deadline is Feb 15th! for #ward5se candidates. Congrats to John for his early submission.
yes they are! RT “: Hey, Scott, how's it going? Are the products from your store delivered to other countries?”
Im not liking this!
Cyberpolicy & governance are not just about gov’t. Policies and SM architecture impact social movements and freedom of expression
Going to Hop Leaf for the perfect night cap. Much love Chicago. You are amazing!
"most important thing in a relationship is trust..... Well, after sex & hygiene"
naw babe I'm cheering.
pics from your epic bday bash are up.
Lol.. I was there last night. Fun game!
Just as guess but the farthest from the left is you Bill?
That's good! You have a whole year to prepare!
How is UCLA gonna fare with Muhammad?
yanks/ baseball not the same with out him.....sad sad way to go out
Live tweeting the call to action!
#myweakness boys that come up behind you and put there arms around your waist.
I'm not talking to any nigga that still loves they ex SHIT JUST AIN'T POPPIN :)
Maybe you can cut it to, say, 1 billion? Im sure you can still maintain a fabulous lifestyle with just a billion, no?
Yes, that is for sure! Great to connect w/ you, too! RT Great 2 connect with you. Lots of cheerleading going on in San Diego...
Fellas If You Kant Eat Pussy There Is Nothing Wrong Wit Takin Lessons
Covering Super Tuesday elections for
I think I like latin women.lol
I'm not a fool, that's why i'm moving on :)
boo hiss
Okay Pandora, tell me how Adele is like Erykah Badu????
thank you love!
How was your trip to Lake Geneva?
Hyped for Wednesday leading worship in Carrollton, GA!
just stopped at a Target in LA. So much tofu. Almost fainted.
The weather feels good now might go to the lake
Thank-you for following!
I'm afriad Act1v1s1on's decision to make CoD a yearly release will only further the comparison.
No you don't. Have to watch closely, antibiotics, other meds. See my tweet starts w/ ER...
you can never have too many cats!
nice story steve!! fuckin prick.:)
and where is that
+ charades = awesomeness!
you look beautiful baby.
Think you are living the high life? You haven't lived at all until you live for Jesus!
I'd like to congratulate Greg Oden in becoming the ONLY Buckeye I've EVER felt bad for.
I need something to eat
We were attacking dumb parents. If you want to take it personally then obviously you're going to, but it was not a blanket state.
Yes 2days Thursday.. The fashion show is 2day haha & I'm up way too early
If you didnt come to ma planet tonight you were wrong.
R.I.P. MCA. Cool as a cucumber in a bowl of hot sauce.
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people may not regret divorce but they limit frustration and resentment.
Co workers eating "pink slime" for lunch. Ewwww!!
The Social Network is 95% inaccurate - on the movie's resemblance to the true story of #Facebook & Mark Zuckerberg
Glad I got to see you Thursday! Take care of my city for me. I'll be back to check on it soon.
I'm so hungry dude!! :(
thank you for the Whitney memoir, we can't wait.
hey I was thinking we should hang out. Been way to long!
It's a word, but I guarantee you he didn't use it in the right context.
It's almost physically impossible to turn off the radio when a Bob Marley song is on
I Had Fun For Chris Birthday. Although I Wasn't With Him In Person Lol.
I got all 3 internship offers I wanted for this summer! Decisions, decisions....
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
Back to indy
please don't come in today and if you do, keep your germs at your end of the hall.
Join me and the CAM Connect team at Lily's Seafood in Royal Oak, Jan 28 from 5:30-8pm. CAM "celebrity" bartenders on board to serve you.
D3 extends good luck wishes today to: K.K., T.J. & A.C.! Also, a heartfelt congrats to M.H. on a amazing offer. D3 is honored to assist.
Little: Financial impact of credit rating is small. A few days ago, he said there was NO impact
He's so spoiled!
SURF Report: (Pacific Beach) 3-4 ft waist to shoulder high occ. 5 ft. POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
fudge. Lol have fun!
gah save me some!
This episode of Glee was so sad. Crying:(
so what's a "newspaper album"? do y'all think another one is coming soon?
Just arrived at the Penn Museum for the "Love Hurts" lecture and the fire alarm goes off. Ha!
I LOVE it here! I walk to the beach every day and it's still sandal weather =)
WOW! Franklin took it back way behind his head and tomahawked it down! That got Viejas loud!
I had a meeting yesterday and the lead guy says, "Where do u want 2 start? It's a choose ur own adventure!"
your picture is kuhhh yute, i wish i would've been able to come /:
yes xD doing more soon! Lol jealous much?
It was just an observation how you blow things out of proportion..just couldn't imagine how you'd react to that situation.
Just noticed that
Specialized in insuring the Brick and Brownstone homes typical of South Brooklyn.
Fantasia might just be in order! Thanks, Happy Saturday! (:
Breaking News VA TECH Alert possible person with gun seen near dining hall on campus
best birthday present would be Mario Williams being a Bill? I THINK SO
Thanks, I appreciate that.
you just need a little positivity man.
Luke Bryan >>>>
Thanks for gitl Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events and small minds discuss other people
No nail polish always looks better than chipped nails
not a joke.
Q: What do you call a man who lives in an envelope? A: Bill.
what? Tell me more. That's my town outside Cleveland.
Farewell tour in Edgewater before the move: Tonight, burgers and Berghoff Dark at Moodys.
In the event of nuclear fallout, I have cases of canned laughter in my bomb shelter (Sister 2 Sister the complete series on DVD).
This is fucked upRT I wonder if Michael Jackson actually looks like he did in the Thriller video by now...
Why should content NEVER be an afterthought? Don't be a hole-filler. Join 's workshop Content Strategy 101 at
Give me books, French wine, fruit, fine weather and a little music played out of doors by somebody I do not know. John Keats
American Psycho is a good movie
I like your take on boobies, cause
Randomly awake & ready to get some work done. At the least-need to organize these thoughts.
Yikes. RT : Following Virginia Tech situation live Scary and sad...
Less than a week left in our current BUZhunt #SWAG Round! Competition is fierce, but prizes are still up for grabs... http//buzb.uz
Can't sleep but can definitely still cough!
Me: "So you're saying is that I just pick six things and you figure out the rest." Saleslady: "You're the first one to understand our sale."
I love him soo much yo :)
To day was such an awesome day for my new business!! New location tons of storage for boats, great show area NW boat sports rules!!!
woo just signed up for my first credit card!
I've lost two followers today. What the actual fuck?
Post Depression
that's disgusting...
RT : Sign up for our free #prostate #cancer seminar featuring NFL star Mike Haynes and Dr. Christopher J. Kane 9/13...
I GET MY BRACES OFF TOMOORW. fuck. i dont want to.
I love the way you try to include us loyal followers in your life by asking our opinions. Thanks, dude!
THANK U
yea man, day off today..i feel real creative today
done! Thanks, coach!!
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
oh! why do i love yogurt so much?
Or anywhere actually
"Call Me Maybe" in the morning? Uh YEAH :)
Happy valentines day!
heard from a little birdy might be a remix of "chasing the reds"! And maybe "LoveS" b cool.don't confirm our ears will wait!
#AWESOME:)i''l wait fr tht day to cme:)
yea thats the way to be! I'm a sponsor for D.A.R.E. lol
Thanks for the follow. Just so you know, I think you are really amazing. :-) Have a great weekend!
Melt bar & grilled. One of my favorite Cleveland traditions.
I love Twitter because it reminds me that celebrities are just as boring as I am.
#FF Thanks for your RTs + have a terrific wknd!
Thing I hate about "Pinterest"? Now have every female friend posting shit like "cute kitchen" to "dream house". That kitchen cost $400,000!
Game, set, and match. #Gators take rubber match 2-1, win series over
Ok time for some #wheyprotein then cardio
my friend suffers from RA and has become a bit of an advocate. She may have some thoughts.
OK. I'll send you an email in my "Maureen as professor" headset :)
You are my favorite tweeter. Keep it real Snape.
Hey , I'm gonna be in Morgantown today. We should totally hang out and not include because she sucks
4-2 now. Todays picks Baltimore over Houston 24-10 and the upset the GMen over the Packers 35-30. What do you think?
SO COOL, was out getting a #DD and caught the end of your show! And YOU, by the way, ARE THE BEST!! :))
thank u lol
I don't really think there's anybody as bomb as me!
A nap sounds glorious...
BUZZ, the story of a boy & an old beekeeper ... and a sexy Latina ... and some bullies ... and the rugged mesquite brush country of S Texas
Monday Mantra: "Dreams are necessary to life." ~ Anais Nin
Decided that twitter is as much a mirror as a looking glass. Either that or all 1600 of you suck today.
Tyler Blackburn sings?! Lol I never knew that.
Do you carry George Schneider's Wiesen Edel-Weisse?
get to the NEW EVENTS CALENDAR THE LIVE CALLS ARE VERY HOT
"RT : Be the type of person you want to meet"
thanks for shouting me out
I didnt realize it was such a drain. And for only 15 min! It couldn't have been just that.
I usually just get yoga books/DVDs from the library or through Netflix. And I'm still searching for the right library. You?
My big brother = My hero <U+2665>
Was at Brewski's handing our free gear last night
Aawww... don't let the little girl get into trouble! I'd rather go back to the hair perv or the lady w/ the scissors.
We sometimes confuse what is hard with what is valuable.
Thanks to everyone who came out to last night for the SBB Holiday Bash and App Preview! We had a great time.
Met w/City's Community Relations Committee representative last week. Stay tuned...
I like to watch Avatar The Last Airbender on netflix :3
Finally my weekend! Commercial audition, Krav Maga and two flag football games this afternoon! Going home to get some sleep before it all!
So... I drew Josh Hamilton. I'm all proud of it and everything... then I realize I left the bat out. *facepalm* Fixed it and will rescan.
What. The. F Watching T.O on Dr. Phil. Do any of these women actually care if T.O. sees their kid? Doubt it. They want the money.
My fave quote from that article? "We need to be careful, because students don’t want us creeping on them"
DVR is filled : Dont Be Tardy For the Wedding , Mary Mary , Punkd and Pauly D
We are now accepting hotel reservations nine months in advance in response to guest requests. Thank you for your interest and loyalty!
RIP Lord Petrus...
Hey Kay! Did you leave M&M? Congrats in your new ventures!
Ahh my prom's today!!
A cool breeze swept through my apartment as Hope Sandoval's voice began streaming from my speakers.
.!!_++ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
RT I will say of the Lord, He is my Refuge and my Fortress, my God; on Him I lean and rely, and in Him I trust...
Awesome. See you both there.
ATTENTION: (4) more Likes NEEDED! Management told us we needed 200 fans before we could giveaway our first...
First candidate up - Bailey - takes a stab at the incumbent, saying nothing's changed in her 49 yrs here in the district
Well! That sounds like it's worth sacrificing some sleep then. I'm sure there's plenty of Red Bull on set.
o thats cute :)
Hey now, Sophia Coppola's death scene is a classic.
There is enough scientific brilliance and intellectual capital in the non NASA world to get humans to Mars
Girls don't ever tell your female friends you and yo man sexual business, even your best friend, bitches are sneaky
I'm done eating and I am playing 2 k11
wild guess
My good-impressed can be bought with a package of bacon hidden inside your portfolio.
Dear Honda Civic owners, installing a loud fkn muffler to your vehicle just makes the car more obnoxious & ugly, please remove them.
I never cheated I keep it 100 wid yu even if it pissed u off n do anything I can for yu! ! #DatsLove l love her but damn do she irk me doe
i'll admit to liking em..obviously
"It Needs To Get Higher & Higher.!
If u need any artwork or photography done get at me.. package deals on design and print also.
“Emancipate yourselves from mental slavery, none but ourselves can free our minds!” - Bob Marley
Am I the only one who texts in the shower?
gayest show of the season...funniest as shit though
thanks for following! I hope I say something interesting now! Lol
hell yeah. I've got 70. hope that's enough
Night is the home of inspiration
Can I please just write a million cheesy tweets about how cute you are..
Today in 1999, Bob Wills and His Texas Playboys are inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame at the fourteenth annual induction dinner.
Happy mothers day, putting up with my Shit for 17 years had to be rough. Jk I'm am an angel
"What wine would you recommend to go with Beef Wellington?"
I see the human centipede 2
And don't miss the Feb 28 release of Imaginaries by Quetzal, part of the / Tradiciones/Traditions series partnership!
Oh. That rain. Farmers in the rain. Like nature intended. Happening now.
Is what your doing now exactly what you want to be doing? If not, what are you doing to change it?
and Rosie to be on this week! LOVE those lil' divas!
Whoa! This is all sex. I think #Growth is porn.
having to buy a train ticket nd only having a 20 dollar bill might be the worst thing ever
now, I don't care if I meet the Boyz or not. as long as I know they're happy and as long as they have videos, I'm good ^.^
Don't forget tonight I'll be Heatin up Macs come and finish off spring break the right way!!!
Very welcome, Jess. Cheers!
Excited for another big night at Studio Paris with
Much Respect to TNG Films and Deus Beni Productions. I Gotta shout out my Director Terence Gordon.
OH: Maybe the governor will show up. With his brown bag...
RT : RT:There is no room for jealousy.Go to God and ask Him to remove it.
Get your quitters warmed up.
Why be fake? Being real takes less effort.
Happy 1st Day Of Spring JABBERS!
BOTH. RT am I a dork or gullible >.<
I mentally speak with but I don't think I'm crazy
old stuff for now and covers but new single dropping this month. Go to "ladybballsparks" on YouTube
Why is the alphabet in that order? Is it because of that song?
Happy birthday Adele ^.^
"Popgun" Pete Maravich
Midnight, going to bed <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> night twitter <U+270C>(:
Just because you can google something doesn't make you an expert on anything.
I know. Note that none of the big players (Google, Facebook, Twitter) do. Meaning "Aardvark" > "Aardvark this"
Yay im happy again cause my bf back and he came and seen me im soo happy #Eppppp just want to jump on him and scream ^_^
READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL!!!!
so whatever
Just got a free drink at #starbucks because I was smiling. There must be a lot of downers out tonight. Good karma is on my side tonight!
gosh naaaa no one ever gets on anymore!
I suspect that until ESEA is renewed, we're not going to get much traction with opt-out for feds. States' hands tied.
you're quoting the Dead?!? Mashup?
Please stop raining!!!!
will u please gve meh a shout out? <3
Making myself wait 2 days until I can start the 2nd #HungerGames book. I don't want the series to end!
i have no idea, hahaha
Cool enough town to do it in. My brother lives down there. Hoping Suter to Detroit works out for the #Wings. Would love it!
My dad saw my reefer bracelet.
The awkward silence while waiting in a classroom full of people that you don't know
Justin is Our Angel <3 So cute!!!
yea were juSt discussing all hall <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Or after u cut ur hand & start wandering thru tha ghetto. RT : Everything is funnier when ur with your bestfriend.
I feel like im never bored when im in aurora
Its so much better when we're together.. We'll look at them stars and were together :)
Not knowing whether to be happy for them or cry a lil'.
good to be here!
That's one. KB24 for MVP!
me: "you know he got cut by the mavericks?" my roommate (): "yeah, yeah, but it's NOT the kardashians' fault."
-Hey Did U Do The Video?
;) that's right!
NIKKI, YOU'RE ALIVE!!! Hi :)
Tomorrow is gameday!
America's got talent! (:
<<<this guy. RT : Who is planning on drinking plenty of Christmas spirit tonight?
Me either!!! Is anyone else going to come this time like or ?
I never trained to be a belter....there are other ways to hold one's pants up!
Happy Birthday <U+E34B><U+E312>
Oh lord, drivers ed breaks
my pleasure!
Scala Eveningwear Highlights Celebrity Inspired Prom Dresses
I'm reading When She Woke by Hillary Jordan. Four chapters in and I am committed. It's all Atwood and dystopian as promised.
I'm at the MIA airport & the fire alarm keeps going off. Is it wrong that my first though is, "Wow, that's distracting."
RIP William. I love you and will never forget you.
I've been sat in bed for an hour and a half listening to music with wet hair and no make up, think I should get a move on..
I know next to nothing about hockey, so I shouldn't criticize. But this is the internet, so I'm required to state an opinion loudly.
absolutely. Ready to go back to APUSH?
Just had a guy buy me a shot in a State College bar because I was wearing a Fabricio Oberto #Spurs jersey.
more walking than I wanted to but legs tired. I just finished a 3.31 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
uh oh you be careful..
when will it snow? D:
So she wanna move. Smfh
I saw you sitting up straight while keeping the abs tense at work today.Good job burning those extra calories and working on posture!
Jeez... i played truth or dare on twitter one time. :o
David, we saw your post about your visit a few weeks ago and reached out to try to make it right. We're very sorry about your
that part was so funny. That dude was the biggest creep lmao
We had a HUGE argument last week. Then I get a text saying 'hey'. smh
U sound like a proud parent lol RT : OKC has grew so much.
Sausage w peppers and onions with a glass of red and family time watching beauty & the beast- perfect night
Nashville, a band from Philly, by the name of , just kicked your ass tonight
lol this is true
Cool! RT : Space Shuttle #Discovery flew past NIB Headquarters! an amazing day to be so close to history!
going with the girls tonight!
If the #Orioles Hammel can actually pitch a no-hitter ESPN might have to mention our game.
Attention! There will be an interruption in your bad attitude, weak chin and pointy shoes at 14th St
What has been your favorite halloween costume?
I'm outside Boehner's office during the debt talks and the police are trying to kick the media out because it's a "fire hazard"
Vinyl sheet flooring is severely under-appreciated.
not feeling too good right now...ugh I don't want to get sick right before 3 days of non stop work :(
thanks best fran
Today's going to be a boring day without my :( I love you baby.<3
LOVE the new avi. Your one sexy female!
Love you more! no problem <3
damn another 1
He wrote mot of those policies
Miss you, too! Love to all.
I have a handlebar mustache and will never look back. Thanks for the tender simpathy! Rock and Roll Baby!!
Pumped for this movie & to see the hot pink wig I sport on camera! #Astrogirl RT : TOMORROW!
So now my office is in the spare room away from the maws of the dogs and husbands gaming. Don't know why I didn't do this sooner.
Social networks are overrated! People put their whole life story out here.
You work for TNA why the hell are you publicly mentioning or even give ratings to the rival? Do your damn job and focus.
Follow my other page, it's hilarious I promise you'll laugh!
YAY!!! #willdo #soexcitedd let me know YOUR summer dates!
can't wait!!
oh no! Well don't feel too bad. No one likes packing! ;-) let me know if you need anything.
haha TAKE A LOOK :)
Drop us an email and we will try to help navigate the administrative waters further? We are here to help!
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value. —- Albert Einstein
The eyes're just a product of a "My Little Pony Filter" I insist on being used on all my photos. AND you made me cry, Hill.
Smoked Garlic Sausage today! Of course Triple Chocolate Brownies
Just saw some old stelena stills.That didn't help the state I'm in.
When people say "I'm a force to be reckoned with" what they're really saying is "I'm a pain in the ass."
Gorgeous weather today - sunny, yet cool. Whew. That humidity was really starting to wreck me...
Remember once a cheater always a cheater.
I get wrapped up in any trial I watch, want to jump in like it's a relay race when I think I'd do it differently.
DO IT!!! Always bet on Black!!!!
I miss those times.
THE SUNS OUT! THE SUNS OUT! THE SUNS OUT!
It was just good quality Heinz ketchup.
Doing it wrong
well I can close my eyes but then everyone looks good in the dark. ;)
not feeling these trending topics today
lol pull what out?
Yes, hard work pays off...
Where are you at in Chicago tomorrow? Can't wait!!
Fuck it den.!!!
I hate homework and make up work but I only have three weeks of school left.i should probably be playing the final countdown right now.
i HATE being up this early
I Fukkz Wit u Bra
Tattoo - don't like it.
Thank John for a lovely weekend.
You can get used to the tart unsweetness of 100% CBJ, but you may just opt to plug your nose and shoot it down fast.
Easy. Calvin Johnson. Review that Clemson game tape from his Freshman year (2004). UNBELIEVABLE!
On 3rd plane of the day. Coffee and nook in hand.
Summer set show tonight! Come on out to the loft for a great show wit us, them, and many other great bands
Why was my auto correct for yay gay?
Today Im going to a 3 hour yoga workshop -so I can eat birthday cake from Chef Flemmings later. *<:)
Love is real only when a person can sacrifice himself for another
Held the NO's to 100 points but godda score to win - good game - we'll be [throw] back
Who's heard of or tried a 4 day oxygen cleanse?
You can't Hustle a Hustler!!!
thanks for the feedback and download. It's not really shift toward the guitar as much as it is return to it. I come from a jazz...
this is the first time I've seen reroute.it and I love the shit out of it already
ur so funny
That could work. But ironically Twitter is a great place to start. Or the Minecraft Forums.
Well thank God the world didn't blow up.
: Storify is very intuitive, easy to use to create story from twitter stream.
Don Draper's suit is incredible #MadMen #60's
#productivitytip have you uploaded all your #LinkedIn contacts to #evernote ? Great backup, and handson functionality for your iPad.
After that movie all I want to do is go to the zoo now!
90% of jobs are created after a company goes public but right now it is too hard & takes too much money to do so.
hope you had a great time today:)
It's uploading. I'm not too familiar with twitvid though.
Liquidated the sympathy card company. Glad the whole sorry business is over to be honest.
text me back :(
Still shocked over zeets start yesterday - I hope he keeps it up!!!
I'm looking at the stuff from the F8 keynote and thinking "Pretty, but too much change at once and is going to drive users away"
"aaaww gross why are all these moms having threesomes with their daughters"- the gullible porn watching guy
Streak is only available at Dell.de and Media Markt for now, but we're working with other partners to offer it in more places.
MERRY CHRISTMAS <3
Are u on jail for friending too many people?
Ford Modeling agency has NOTHING on our lobby when it's time to interview PR reps. BAM!
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':24
Tweet #teamcarl between 8am-8pm to help raise money for ALS! All the votes count :)
agreed and therein lies a problem; platform won't solve that.
Brought my mom an edible arrangement for her birthday :)
Sheetal! Loved your presentation on Managing from the Middle! Thanks!
please don't share things like that. We did steal Charles Woodson and Trey Burke though, so it goes both ways
lol hell yeah batroom mirrors are always a trip while tripping!! #trippymane i love how blunt smoke look 2!!
“: WORLD PREMIERE: About to play this new B.O.B Ft. Taylor Swift "Both of Us" at 9p. Its got a nice lil DubStep ” HIT
Making us think , animals did all our work , were suppose to have an evil step mother , and there's a price in love with us .
beatboxers make sound and imitates instruments with their mouths..nice to meet you too lol
Glad to do it. Nice picture, by the way...sultry vixen.
my whole family is starting sentences with: "hey aubrey, when you work at the buckle..."
arkansas was fun but COLD!! We got back about 10. Be sure and like/share the pic/link on my fb. Thx!
Sometimes the dancers are more famous than the stars
Your never a nobody to me!<3
We will be today at Washington, DC Convention Center! Come visit us in Hall B, booth 1532.
Hi Seattle, it's good to be back… Please excuse the long underwear, I was in Nome earlier.
I'm in my zone, damn near got my eyes closed
I'm at work so I'll watch it tomorrow. I DRV'd that shit!
"The Waltons are now collectively worth about $93 billion" / *DAMN* what does one say...that they're overtaxed..what??
there's def also more to say re: why is this re-aura-fication happening via black "bodies"? (cont...)
I have had a slow start to my Saturday. No calls from work, No texts from work, just a quiet Saturday morning. Love it! :)
Guess What !
He7:16 ...has become a priest, not on the basis of a legal requirement concerning bodily descent, but by the power of an indestructible life
One step closer! :D Excited about the possibilities ahead!
I'm at the marlins game so I can't watch but I'd watch his call a chess match if it was possible.
Dear body, how is it you are having bad reaction to tahini but not to hummous or halva?
No need to curse bro ill just leave. Hijo de tu madre tonto come mier-@
Brown-Forman's 3Q earnings fell 5.4% as sales growth slowed more than expected though sales were on par with the overall industry's rate.
I wanna get weird tonight. Movie for me please....
Are you still going to advocate for #recovery & awareness of #addicted young people??? You have the power to help the movement...
Come on Reds!!! You're better then this! :/
Anxiously waiting for to release more VIP tickets for the Star of Texas Bowl! woo hoo!!!
Did they shoot "Avatass" too, while they had blue makeup on?
Legitimate question RT " Sometimes I wonder if Roenicke knows that the game ends when the home team takes the lead in extra innings"
Just ate Jesus
Actually, I don't have an FB anymore so I rely on your twitter feeds!
So THAT'S what a hashtag does. Huh. #hashtagsonfacebook?
Will You ever come to san diego california #AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You..........[=
no no you don't understand this lady tells me this everyday lmfao never gets old.
you love niall more and she thinks she does. Either way you and megan are ganna believe what you want. Lmfao
Somehow, I can't get that #HermanCainism out of my head: #twirlingaroundinmyhead, #GETOUTNOW!
not really tho cuz it makes me sad :(
Did you get your spider roll today?
i like boobs.. they dont talk or shit.
All this while disassembling and repairing my furnace.
#MariaMenounos and #DerekHough were HOT, HOT, HOT in their rumba on #DWTS. Whew! Nice job by #JackWagner too,.
These creepy guys at grad, tryna holla at us. Smh
"Break the Cage of the Digital Age."
The iphone 5 looks gorgeous!
you watching the super bowl tonight? If you do have fun :))
I'm not mad at the systm. I think it has to do with behavior, mentality and like you said lack of mentorship in general.
I just made up
I love but #whatsyournude?
Always wondered that RT To all my non-Hispanic friends.. A Lobo is a wolf
Well, then! RT Romney does have a good record of putting women in high positions at both Bain and as Massachusetts Governor
The more independent artists that can make a career, the more diverse the music scene.
Sounds like a good combination to make things happen. :)
I want to see Mayweather fight Pacquiao in the middle of the cell block as the other inmates cheer in the background. That would be sick!
Thank you sir!
coding web pages is awesome. #me + #you { margin:0; }
Congrats, Grace!
has anyone ever called the GW "Washington Bridge"? ever?
true that rev and hank, easy 4 u all to say, but when u unemployed 2 yrs n struggle,it easy to lose faith and bcome a hater
While we're in the nightshade family, what's your favorite dish using the cousin of the tomato - the tomatillo?
It wouldn't be April in NE Ohio without a little snow, right? Come warm up in the brewpub!
let me help you with that
Someone just got offended when Jewel came on my shuffle
Where do you listen to the Voice of Diabetes with ANASTASIA? The radio, on our website, or iTunes?
Microcastle!?! I don't think it's beige. I really like it. It's a grower, I think. I saw them at the Grog and they were fun.
OH.MY.GOSH. ......what just happened?
Said when I get paid, my checks be looking like phone numberss
Thanks, Ben!
everyone if u have something that makes u crazy share it on
The difference between your success or failure on a particular goal typically is set at the moment you decide to quit or to persevere.
When i first take a picture , its the prettiest in the world at first ... but after seeing it for awhile it gets ugly
I was dexter and true blood to cross paths!!!!!!
So dumb. All of you.
Yes, it's so awful. Do police really believe that such tactics will actually work?
Success is bounding out of bed because there's something you love to do, that you believe in, that you can hardly wait to get at again.
Want reporters to engage community more? Make 'em jealous. i.e. "Your coworker did a stellar job on that project." -
So bored at work...
Gonna send Chloe a Hamlet essay, just need to type it up
Beautiful as always. Thank you Antonio!! Happy THanksgiving to you as well! <3
Transformer is amazing. I'd start there.
i know same here :((
RT : This return meal I'm having at after a year of absence is exactly as emotional as the movie An Affair to Remember
I can't help but LOL at the first role you played in your 2nd Grade Musical
Nice! What are you pointing to in the photo?
Am I really watching Pokemon with my brothers. Oh throwbacks.
That's enough
Killer Total Body Transformation workout this morning. Tough but TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!
hmm, do you use the words he coined, or give them nouns + gerund and adverb suffixes? Let them coin their own?
let us know We can set up venues and transportation for you. We have access to most might clubs in Cleveland
congrats man
good!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> and yes I can't believe it's on right now lol
without having an awesome irish long islander in my film, how do i get good post people to work for only cheeseburgers?
last friday my boss told me that after that busy week i earned xtra vodka over the wknd. feel like this week is no different.
*looks down at my typo. Frowns but becomes too lazy to go back and correct it*
It's spelled Center not Centre.
Congrats to Alan Kook! Winner of our Super Bowl Contest & a $100 Eat Out In gift certificate. Thanks to all who entered!
Last correction of u 4 2day, there is lifetime medical for players GOING FORWARD if they choose to stay in the ins plan.
My boss tells me this all the time in our setting. It's so refreshing.
thank you. It will be engaged at 6pm CT
One problem off of my shoulders. *sigh of relief*
I have the best sis in the world! She unpacked my suitcases and organized my entire room! Huge weight off my shoulders..
The avengers!
awesome! I'll be there :)
Another track murdered. BCE GOT THE GAME BODY BAGGED
I've only been away from this code for 2 days, but already I can't remember what the heck I was doing.
I highly recommend watching "The Greenest Building" on PBS. I'm watching it right now on WHUT.
I think it's cute.
I hate how Laiylah looks at her photo album everyday & asks for her "DaDa".... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
"He that would be a leader must also be a bridge." (Welsh proverb) #LHXXX Rock on, Dirty Thirtiers!!
But I can hardly think of a more boring way to get a point across.
RT : you should be bloging this- lol I need some1 to start my page for me......
Just went on the biking expedition of my life.
#BrandCOS RT : the front range view.
Shit. I still have to write note-cards for my presentation tomorrow, but my NyQuil is already kicking it.
The #knicks have a 20 point lead and only has 1 point.
That is true about music, but shit music like yours won't even be played on radio in 5 years, hip hop has no longevity.
I was expecting this! When are you returning?
Timeless Tidings of Love
Maybe as opposed to academic references?
Um, I'm a girl. But that's okay! You noticed I'm lovely. :o)
how's your road trip?
will be there giving a demonstration of #helixedu. Should be an exciting one to check out.
Thanks for the follow, Taziki's menu looks awesome!
well aren't you a breath of fresh air, from all these superficial gold diggin bitches in here ?
they'll be handing out t shirts to the first 500 registered at the door
Our website comments are now powered by Be sure to leave our short story authors some good feedback!
Wale "Rack City" HARD!
Playing with Mickey Avalon and Andre Legacy this Friday at Trees in Dallas, have a few tix left. Inbox me.
okay, about what?
New events at Larrys Villa Strip Club coming soon Host/DJ Cash Clown is setting Vegas on Fire
Unbelievable episode.
Day 100 - no cigarettes and no liquor!!
your twitter username should be NICOARANDAISDRY
“: Hey, remember that time you touched my slider? Yeah, me either... #oops #pitcher_swag” I could say this
Oh shiza well it didn't tell me i had a text
HAHA! Can't wait!
RIP RT : Goodnight, Maurice Sendak, who made bedtime magic time.
ePlus Technology Renews Cisco Video Surveillance Authorized Technology Provider Status in the United States
LOL complete asses! thanks! (:
I work.. i have a job.. lol
Apparently, being a "woo girl" is a requirement for
Wake N Bake
Next year we got this!
why not tweet it. Lol and yess I would do that randomly. Ahaa
I really DO need to move down south (my mom is in N Carolina - I don't think that's south enough!)
Is it 4 yet?
I do actually lol, and I mean it too.
Ready for the high school soccer season. #PleaseNoInjuries!!!
Never be afraid to try, remember... Amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic. ~Author Unknown
byes:P
Literally just crossed the street alongside Gym Class Heroes...
Need to pass this Spanish test today
Yep RT : Sometimes I think I'd like to be good at pottery but then I remember the movie "Ghost," and I'm like, "Forget it."
Maybe I can work this summer as Dolly Levi.
RT : “: The man who wins, is the man who thinks he can. -Vince Lombardi”
Sounds like a worthy topic for today
Bobby Brown can say he wasn't Whitney's downfall, but it sure seems like he was the one who contributed heavily to it.
[DC] TONIGHT Celebrate with D. Floyd Birthday & Summer Breeze Concert Series Part 2 at Takoma Station
Pretty much drunk anything is a bad idea. #justsayin RT : Drunk texting people you shouldn't <<
Sometimes the silent treatment is just the break a man needs ^ME
Good luck today ! Please support an incredible cause
Yes it I tht is so big
Listening to The Ranger$
If I can get through this week, I can do anything.
Dang girl! You are getting old! You get your denture fitting done yet? ^_~
YUM!! RT : Get a free cupcake this Friday all day at all Georgetown Cupcake locations! via Cupcakes Take The ......
I am not afraid.
This from a guy who makes a living by writing "theme action BOO! thoughtfulness BOO! love BOO! BOO! theme end."
Lol! How is Mexico?
The minute you stop making mistakes, the minute you stop learning.
She does look cute, but not as cute as ya'll! Keep us in mind for recognition, award or just some fun keepsake bottles.
Barry will probably support - crooks tend to stick together.
pea size hail in Georgetown
I have a stalker!
The Jake and Kyle Show will talk #NFL, #NBA, #MLB, #UNR. listen to it on www.wolfpackradio.org
Great seminar... Hope I'm one of the 6!!!
I'm so sorry to hear about your hamster:(
I would cry and/or puke so I'm out! cc
Who can send me a Pinterest invite?
Me too. Our digital librarian is creating an online database for our oral history collection--to be up & running by July!
that too! ;D its also 's birthday (:
2012 Grammy Nomination: Vocal Jazz - Roseanna Vitro - The Music of Randy Newman !!!!!
I miss you both!!! Good Morning
dang that was so rude of her..
Best Movie of 2011- "The Rise of the Planet of the Apes" !!!!
About to try and do this exam so fast.
More Civil Wars, less T-Swizzle.
FAPFAP. HOT AND BOTHERED(;(;(;
Like my facebook status' earlier? I gotchu
my neighbor is their senior HR manager :)
Bourbon St will be crazy tonight! I remember 2003, I ran into @ CatsMeow karaoke & he loved my version of Bust A Move.
Yes. They should have to wait a year to make it fair.
I HAVE MY DEBIT CARD READY!!!!!
whats the point of dreams scientist still havent figured out the meaning of them
And this is why I hate society.
Why L.A.? Why does rain equate to sluggish traffic and idiotic driving decisions?
On the road to the game. If u want to go I got a ticket just show up call me I'll meet ya outside. 281 701 1343
Been in the studio for the longest time. new music. new website. new merch. new videos. new contests(: #JonPLEASE I'll convince him (:
I just wanna say happy mothers day to all the mothers. And kids you all do somethin special for them.
Ok ok I do have a big crush on
thanks. Yeah, I figured it out. Eventually. Haha
I didn't know that superstars sit out at the end of games... Blake Griffin is a scrub. All he can do is dunk (and flop).
I just saw a beautiful, fully restored mid-century modern home in Fresno. With multiple offers already in, a "bidding war" is sure to begin.
The Ghost Inside's new record is so insanely good. Feels like a record for those who've spent a decade in pits & still won't quit.
At carabas with
moving to semi-public here, haha: "Tebowdlerized"; "The Second Bumbling"; "Gospel of Tim"; "Te-bown in the U.S.A."; prob. yrs
possibly. Eric chase is the new pd... He'll be in the building on 1/24.
Thanks for the shout out!
Memphis headlines...shot, shot, stabbed,kidnapping,jury,jury,Janis Fullilove,money,Delta Air,layoffs,Steve Cohen,Zimmerman,Racism,bankrupt.
How Skip Bayless and Stephen A Smith find the energy to yell at each other for hours each day is astounding
Schweinsteiger for the WIN!!!! Dude is Germany. Nice win Bayern!
Hoping that gets his life back on track so we can see him running the hardwood again soon, maybe even in a #bulls uni
1.does he get special attention in school? Or 2. If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?! #askmikey!
throws the best halloween parties because he provides the costume.
Is a lesbian gypsy
Ever notice that all the instruments searching for intelligent life are pointed away from earth?
Watchin while bumpin The Window some more
MethLab auditions begin tomorow? You interested? Contact Matt McIver
good luck
On Feb. 14th Marrakesh Express (A Cosby, Stills, Nash, & Young Experience) have a show at the Calumet Theatre in Calumet Michigan.
DiabloPC is about to get into the Industry at 100%. Once we go, we don't stop!
OMG! Just had a warm chocolate chip cookie at Jacques Torres' chocolate shop in DUMBO (NYC). HUGE slabs of oozing dark chocolate! M!
yea that's what I thought Only 3 pairs were sold of Taxi Lebrons
Damn, that 'Never let me down' joint by n Jay makes a jewish brotha wanna go to church
#YouCuteAndAllBut your friend is beautiful (;
I just texted u with the same phone I'm using to tell u I expect a linkedin "inmail" & tumblr reblog
knows what I mean lol
lol my favs on #BGC8 ; Gia - Amy - & some parts of Camilla . The rest of them qet on my nerves
stay up everything comes to an end.
oh, it is love. <3
Oh gosh, you're making me blush
Yeah buddy. Rollin' like a big shot. Chevy tuned up like a Nascar pit stop.
Hang in there! Hope it doesn't go too late. In a weird way, I miss it a little bit.
WOW BEEN IN LUVV WIT HER SINCE 09 ITZ 2012 LIKE 4 YREARZ DOE...SHE KNO I STILL CARE...I WONDER DO SHE THINK ABOUT ME #REAL SHIDD
What do ya'll do to work out in heat? Embrace it or duck away to an AC'd gym!?
if gets another tattoo, his entire body will be a single unified tattoo, thereby negating the purpose of the tattoo.
dam I want that shit!
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 56F OVERCAST
Crazy I am there now. #greatminds « Can't believe im dating this but I miss running the UCLA Stadium stairs with »
Looking for #network #Programmers for roles in the #BayArea #Iceland, and
yes I did...good news...let me know
Anyone have friends in Turkey? A friend's Syria dig was canceled, but she still has a plane ticket to Turkey. Let me know please!
I think your account got hacked.
Not knowing when the dawn will come, I open every door. - Emily Dickinson
I gotta stalker. . She came into outback tonight. . . Was creepin hard
For winter training, check out Train Chicago Studios Computrainer room
what it do cherokeedassxxx when can i get in one of your movies i have the skills and talent
": I miss Braydon"what about me?
:-) RT : +1 RT : OH: "My team sucks at estimation." me:"Who doesn't? Are /you/ very skilled at predicting the future?"
To watch us dance is to hear our hearts speak. ~Hopi Indian Saying
How did I know that you were going to get stuck with the bill last night!?
I think it was called "McConaughey Vs The Dragon". He doesn't do any surfing in it, but he wants to. Kate Hudson was probably in it.
That #GameofThrones episode was excessively pornographic. And bad.
Nalani's playing Pogs! It's the newest thing at her school. Cant believe Pogs are back :)
... wasted. : In your opinion, Felix Hernandez's performance tonight was _______.
Why can't Twitter get it together & make retweets modifiable through the platform? Seems like a major factor driving folks to desktop apps.
and seriously which is it is rick now a terrible talent evaluator or a talent developer? siva?tj?samuels? all prime examples
Oh my boys are lookin GOOD tonight!
you're moving from lovely steamboat back to tornado country?
yes-- dark/depressing/ironic
Haha aww yea its funny bc il hit Isaih n she gets so mad but if isaih hits me she'll just sit n look at me Haha
spoke in LA monday conference on innovation in workforce and
I appreciate that and I will try to take it. :) Thanks.
you guys ok in the storms this week?
How do you return an app? (twitter is failing a lot right now.)
#Nevertrust a bitch that gotta lot of ear wax in her ear!
back in Seattle... for now :)
Hey peoples, get down to where is saving lives through the cleansing power of Rock.
What if reason is just another emotion/feeling?
They're 4-1 WITHOUT him. He can have a _/
Thanks for the website love!
Smile, and the world smiles back
might head to Croatia in September. What are two must visit spots that are close to good vines?
Hi Steve, thanks for the RT!
#Actors, shoot #headshots with me within a week of your birthday and get one look free!
"Sheriff Joe" & #ObamaBirther are trending. Spotlighting this lunacy is part of the problem. Pls share other AZ stories!
The Biggest room in the world is room for Change, room for self development.
Now on Newark Mosaic: "Slam Dunk The Junk" video featuring #Newark community clean up project via 's YouTube Channl. Chk it out.
My dlvr.it automation on one of my blogs just went crazy, sending out year-old posts to all my profiles. Sigh.
RT Due to coal shortages, Santa will give 2011 Colts highlight tapes to naughty kids this year.
"grandma, I'm a leader not a follower"- me. "that's very dangerous"-grandma haha.
you're welcome(:
Happy Valentine's Day from New Delhi! Come celebrate this evening for sumptuous offerings with fine wines and cocktails!
No doubt a hypocrite. Not sure I've ever met a Christian to mock Good Friday.
Man, all this mud on my lawn mower wheels and mowing shoes sure smells like dog crap...........oh wait. #DogCrapProblems <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
Working on a new menu for the restaurant
There is really no appropriate time for Michael Jackson songs played on fiddle.
RT : Her Ego Bigger Then Her Ass Is ! < LMAO
not at the stuff I'm doing sadly
I love the lion king I'm a big kid now.
Mention this tweet and take half off any hot drink;)
I love everything right now.
Sorry to hear you're in pain! Any way that we can help? Back pain does make things harder.
i'm wondering if rebirth in self knowledge which tells you you've been wrong your whole life makes you eligible for disability. who knows?
Omg recently I person has been breaking into houses on our county so every time a car drives by I sprint to my pool and jump in!!
Anytime! All you have left to do is clean your desktop! I wont be able to help you if I have an anxiety attack! :-)
coming up..
Drake please die!
Today's going to be amazing. :]
Thanks much for the RT!
well we will have nap time!
So sorry for the barking shed-fest!
“: But my bro is buyin for , , and I...gotta take advantage”whoop
The Pursuit of Happyness In My Pants
Kashmiri v Regents... The gift that keeps on giving!
he didnt use pennys he used bills.
You must go. Just watch out for that dried fish jerky they sell in gas stations. And erupting volcanoes.
New obsession
just writin a song called "Love Drug". im not sure if the name sounds too rated r but i dont care haha
Down goes Rogers. Welcome to the neighborhood!
haha! You want me to pinch you? Gusgus! ;)
The punk with the bright purple mohawk on a BMX totally set the mood for the day. Only wish I could have snapped a photo.
I have never had a Smash Burger so I am going to see McCabe and try one. I feel my arteries exploding now.
well gotta finish my HOMEWORK ttyl love ya !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am tied to the live blogger table (full of chocolates!) in Track 1 for most of the morning. Let's meet!
I WOULD LOVE THAT LIKE YOU DONT EVEN KNOW!!!:D
sup boo.!!
Neil deGrasse Tyson on human sex organs & #IntelligentDesign - "...an entertainment complex in the middle of a sewage system."
We see your brand as a mythic story, a brand narrative. Engage your audience with that narrative. Make it memorable. Make it meaningful.
That moment when you've been watching 2 guys shoot @ a basket for 5 mins & don't realize they're playing horse b/c they're 0-20 combined.
So it's my birthday... Can I have a follow?
Any kind :) blog type videos, music videos, etc... <3
keepin after it for sure. Kind of bizarre the ups and downs. Look forward to reconnecting.
I'm like the first & last piece of bread in the loaf, nobody wants us. :(
Newman = toast
where is your fav place to work out and how many times do you work out
You are correct, tix are hard to come by, I'd give TM a call but Tues/Wed night have best availability
working comp-time I see rt I accomplished more in one day then 3 of ya mothafuckers working a 40hr week
Ever get the feeling you are missing someone you've never met? What blasphemy is this! Mind blown.
I like your radio voice, now that I can listen to your show while at work I totally will.
Madison East 1, Middleton 0 after 3 innings in Big Eight Conference baseball, Game moved to Middleton due to wet grounds.
Can't wait till Christmas & the day after :))))
RT : Ashleigh Flynn and The Quiet American are on tap tonight at part of the Discovery Series @ The Café - 7:30 pm.......
What it do? Time for in the afternoon
The problem with gummy vitamins is I keep forgetting sometimes candy has a toxicity level.
welcome home. Hope the partay was fun. Gmma musta been happy 2 c u
What's gonna get me thru work tonight?....ill give you a hint lol...Passion Fruit, Mango and Orange!!!
TRAFFIC: Crash I39 NB MM 128 near DeForest - center lane affected until around 11:30
U mad, bro?
Thank god for the distraction of the golden globes. At least I don't have to think about the packers loss.
haven't played it yet but I intend to. Still trying to login to Diablo3 :)
Pretty great that I can download, annotate, sign, and email a contract all from my iPad.
check out our commissioning program online, and give us a call if you've got questions.
So Pumped For Kings Island!!!(:
I would say I love you back..... but you're not left handed.. so :)
I just met Holy sh*t!
Norm must have some crazy ass allergies
Insight from my 5th grade son: Being strangled by a minotaur would be less stressful than 5th grade homework.
i come home from a nice weekend to a messed up room with my sheet off my bed and like 4 things missing yes im going to be in a bad mood mom
Hope #API is great this weekend!
I should really stop being lazy and take a shower..
sat down with The Revivalist to discuss BBNG2 and more!
that's great, congrats! Let em know they can book models from
I think you mean that he was 'singing' it.
yeah I will! 1sec!
Thanks for reading!!!
they could have at least included a picture of the 22 inchers....
I ship Hen
Those mcdoubles on the way home might have been a bad idea. Haha
Rough start, just getting to my point of meditation, see ya'll in a couple hours
Better team doesn't give you the right to win... U have 2 win first... otherwise, you still lose... no matter who it is
Can't wait to scrape the ice off my car. Hey - help a girl out!
IT'S FINALLY HERE! Check out theentertainmentbucket.com
So much hatred in this world
Hey fellow marketers: Do LinkedIn custom groups (the $50k per month ones) still exist? Googling, but results are all from 2009.
Oh so you can't make hard boiled eggs in the microwave
cuz they appreciate the layers of strategy
Guys need to learn that they’re better off telling the truth right away, because girls will always find out eventually.
#AllRelationshipsNeed to be able to act like bestfriends
Aww shit, and my hair is all long and wild right now lol. I've met him before, but I was very young.
RT : About to mix the last tunes for new Fellowship Band record. Brian Blade & Marvin Sewell
and how did you find out it was the sitch's cuz?
Take it one 20-minute sprint at a time. You can do it!!
Good things come to those who wait, but only the things left by those that hustle. - Abraham Lincoln
Order sent to Alicia in WA!
I haven't done anything to make ME Happy so.... I'm finna go WILD!!! like a 16 yr old rebellious child!!! lmao
Thank you so much 4 following! Sharing #experience, #strength & #hope w/ others. Create a wonderful day!
#ADCDebate RANDOM TOPIC TIME!
come check us out wed night if your in town homie!
VSU Special Collections & Archives will be closed on Monday July 4, 2011 for Independence Day. We will reopen on 7/5/2011.
follow back preeeeetttty please :))
If you are interested in joining inbox us or send an email to
funny you love josh HUTCHERSON but don't know how to spell his name
I wish was here...
Great read!!! 7 Mistakes of Social Media Wimps - Sally Hogshead htyp://sallyhogshead.com/hogblog/7-mistakes-of-social-media-wimps
3 stooges remake is the racial equivalent to the Fat Albert remake in that they are both TERRIBLE FUCKING IDEAS
I thought its somthing els and those paged are not reall ?
yup u surprised me a lil too muc lol i thought iwas about to get robbed LOL
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - establishes the need for wills and estate planning for each spouse.
Whenever you feel like criticizing any one, just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had.
NCIP connection w/ Polaris & Innovative could open doors for INN-reach sharing
Lunch time! Every one's picking on my #justinbieber picture :(
#nowplaying put that a*$ to work
To max #ROI ok, I bought the kindle version, but #WTF soundtrack seems to be missing . . .
America needs One direction<3 we love you here
Pleeeeez, BabyJeebus! Let your disciple Little Timmeh go a-witnessin' to the #Raiders! Me, I'll even pray for it!
I always cry in Charlie St. Cloud...
Yay! :) Love your blog!
Finally! DevOps Meat
good luck to your lovely wife in the Mrs. World pageant nxt wk. and all of us will be rooting 4 I!
Come to my final Glee Concert tonight in Party Space @ 9pm! I'm accompanying lots and will be singing, too! Free food and dessert after!
shows recognizes #overseas talent but is firm on #outsourcing and that #DCtech #policy is more than just for
Going to bed with a stuffy nose endless sneezing achey body and can't get enough water hope I feel better by tomorrow.....
If you happy and you know it slap your friend!!!! *looks at *
lol so true...i like Mmkay when all is chill.
Bored as fuck. Someone text me.
Why do so many folks flock to bad movies?
HP Certifies Ubuntu Linux
Congrats to our friends at Enterprises on the opening of the incredible new ICON Exhibit.
Jus ended the studio session work hard and late then get up early n start this process all over again FLiGhtSkool
Hope y'all enjoyed the hotel! Have a great day!
Good morning everyone! How was your weekend? Today we will do a bit of Q & A! Trivia fun!!! So what for it starting at 10am!
Denim on denim. Good look, guy.
PickUpLine: You smell wet. Let's Party.
bulls lost Lil Crusha I'm sick.
Really don't want to get out of my nice warm bed. Ugh <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
This whole getting off work at four am thing is strange...
RT : Hope all of you rescue moms out there had a great Mother's Day!
Don't miss Matthew Bourne’s re-interpretation of one of ballet’s classic and most beloved stories, Swan Lake on 3/20! Tix
Sips o' the Irish. Top of the evening to ya. Happy St. Patty's Day
DJ auto-scroll
Dog like.. I seriously don't any prob w/ whoopin yo ass!
mr.juarez needs to speak with you c:
Enjoy limo 50% Off with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
Why can't you listen to me for one in yo life
"Doug, you're a winner with or without the hat." Patti Mayonnaise was giving motivation way before Kelly Rowland.
found my itouch!! back on twitter(:
78 days left of school. May 17th.
gosh your my idol !" :)
Mini Golf Tournament 9 am 's in #BeachHaven or Beat the #heat with an early #HAPPYHOUR and 's Tavern at 3.
This guy wrote choreography for the club... Boy let the music move you with all you got #nolife with
tell them im here
": Courage will help you focus on the opportunities in front of you instead of on the problems. #quote"
Even their "standard" sizing runs ridiculously small, is what I discovered when I tried them on.
Carnegie + Gitomer = Ultimate Sales Success. If you are serious about growing your business, drop me a line. So psyched for this program!
Congrats Steve Hartnett! The Academy’s Associate Director of Education was interviewed by USA Today for a story slated to run on Monday!
Serious writing is overrated. ;)
“It is difficult, but not impossible, to conduct strictly honest business
Girls have a bad habit of holding on for too long. Guys have a bad habit of letting go too easily.
going to support at The Baseball Tavern.
Whats going on? I usually rely on you for all my Jags news...
Only he who can see the invisible can do the impossible. - Frank L. Gaines
Thanks for asking, but I won't receive any presents until after dinner tonight. Spring jacket, and stereo stuff I think.
": #powerlunch"***That's a Good Look***
Well done Andy.... Hopefully our bats will bail you out
she won't let me come to u
We appreciate the support from "Up North" Happy Jazz Appreciation Month
Chilling at home wit Danelle, & Sarah getting ready to watch the Blazers / Suns game
Baby you light up my world like nobody else!!
keep me posted lol
#thatawkwardmomentwhen the airport sales clerk and airline ticket agent say, "Have a good flight," and I say, "You, too."
Draymond Green wiping the court.
Whenever I try to talk to my dad about himself, I realize that a conscious lack of self-examination is a huge part of his life.
#nowplaying "Up Up Up" and "Saw You First" on repeat... great start to the day!
#Cabernet Day is here! It is way too hot for cabernet. Anyone interested in drinking a little #Savennieres? :D
I might finish this pint of peach sorbet before Obama finishes speech #debtceilinganxietymuch?
lol just wrong
well I did nigga! I love how these tweets have nothing to do with Harry but he's still in them(x
Sounds like a plan!
No problem! Y'all will be a good radio team
Rest in Peace MJ.
": I can't even focus in school anymore, all I think about is SUMMER!"
Good night, friends! Talk to ya all tomorrow!))
RT : Dan, Improve perception of schools, aggressive innovation centers, adult education (re-education).
This is so random… but you are at the Palmer house, right?
And cheese! :)
Whenever A Boy sees a Girl cry, Thats when the real them comes out.
lmao "Girl you stank, take a bath" #SouljaBoy !
Cc RT : Omg listening to yotes on am radio is tough to do!!!! Howl!!!
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
Chilling at my sisters #Softball practice!!(:(:
Love you so much! You are the
i wish there were two of me
on wednesday ?
Southern boys are adorable. <3
RT : Screaming Tuna S.I.N. Mondays. Super savings on sushi, sake & spirits. See us at 10Six Seeboth.
A lot of people from school saw my picture on instagram, & were like "if you need someone I'm here." "cutting isn't right." blah blah blah.
awee damn i used all my skips , , #SlawwAssSong doee
Playing a NLHE tournament with the "SD Syndicate." I probably need a win today in order to be seriously in the running for a ME event seat.
Well said... "Nail it before you scale it" via
You had me at "comfy chairs"...
Grab me some #Runza, would ya? RT : Back in Kearney, Nebraska.
IM SO BORED! SOMEBODY SAVE ME FROM MY BOREDNESS!!
to need release
I don't recall that garbage
"You have to think big to be big." -Claude M. Bristol
Just check your DMs please
Letters submitted to Interfolio will not be altered. If the writer includes the date, then it will show.
I haven't! I'll ask around.
<-- Prius owner eagerly awaiting the release of the C-MAX, want to compare
Really enjoyed meeting Kandice w/ at this weekend's FtLauderdale wedding!!
Happy Holidays!! Thank u 4 your follows, retweets & support! Spinal/neck injuries keep me from posting daily but hopefully remedied in 2012!
Burying a Catbert doll, maybe?
Never let it be said I don't follow back!
I liked Flat Out Love. Do you follow your fans?
Yes it was RT : Seen a happy couple actually having fun together last nite..u dnt see that too often
I agree. It really is the worst air port ever.
IM SO READY FOR SCHOOL TO BE OVER OR TO DROP OUT OR FOR IT TO BE OUTLAWED
It doesn't matter whether I'm good at it or not, I *really* like computational geometry.
:( I can't go this year but Ashley will be there! RT : - you ladies are GOOD! see you at #PINCamp?
Just finished the bday celebration! Awesome time! hooked me up! My ppl at Lucy's kept the booze flowing. Whew Lawdy!!
Our song Single For Sure is on Radio Cafe's Top Ten Countdown, Help us to get to No. 1 by voting for our song! You can vote everyday!
R<U+2208>TW<U+2208><U+2208>T<U+2605> If you have Less then 5,000 Followers ( FOLLOW my homie ) Get a SHOUTOUT to 10k+ ( Mention When Done)
Taking out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
why is this tool following me and better yet, why am I following him...things to ponder while driving
No more time for nasty losers! Call me what you like but I only speak the truth ;)
people who steal from musicians are the fucking SCUM OF THE EARTH. sorry doods.....sending love your way....
Thanks for the #FFs, everybody!! GO CATS!
if I had I wish it would be to meet you :) 3
It's hard to deny the best team in the country. Good for Kentucky. As Pitino said, "bring it home"
Every time I eat I feel AMAZING!
I just confess my everlasting love to him hahahaaaahahahahah
cheh who's talking now, ahaha! :D
OF COURSE JOHN KRASINSKI WOULD COME INTO WORK ON THE DAY I SWITCHED FOR A DIFFERENT SHIFT.
“: changing my name to ” <-- Its a pretty good name if I do say so myself!!
Finally Friday!!!! Couldn't come soon enough! Have a great weekend everybody!
Obama didn't call Assad a reformer as you claimed, he called him a war criminal you pathological liar!!!!!!!!!!
call me
for the record: more cameras in TC courtroom for #Apple hearing than anytime in (my) recent memory.
I was thinking same re: an SD SNL. And not to plug myself but I was practicing my NF homage in the car this AM
I feel like an american walking through Germany the day after WWII
We want to thank everyone who attended last night's Community Mixer & Luau. We are grateful for all the support and involvement!
Stopping by to say hello
Any up and coming videographers out there with industry quality? Hit us up
My mind is blown right now!!
I hope it will - look forward to reading it!
Alex Smith... Wow.
Jingle Bells Santa Smells more than his stinky sleigh!!
ATTN: unsigned singers, dancers,rappers join our #Team send an email if you're TALENTED "We GOT Work!"
Uhm they wouldn't have Jessica Simpson on #FashionStar if she didn't know what's going on in fashion. He was rude.
Oh, you hate me.? Thats weird cause I've never even talked to you before.
Thanks for the chat!
And Sveum looks ugly in blue and red.
ive been missing you nate <3333
Sending love to our mamas today.
#Santorum: We have five weeks until a big win here in
This is not a threat, but a fact of history.
4 most part, media is not capable of going beyond stereotypes, sad 2 say. richness of humanity baffles mainstream media
“: Does anyone else give to Christmas gift charities?” we save are year long change and donate it
RT : On Saturday this year, the Milwaukee Model T Club will display their cars, including several trucks and a Fire Engine!
its not that he wouldn't be great at it... I just think he should stick to acting and not give into the pressure
I sure did, I don't know what else to do on here....
Not gonna have my car back for another week! FML!
The highest price ever paid for a sushi grade Bluefin Tuna was $396,000 for a 754 pound fish ($526/lb) on January 4th, 2011 at Tsukiji
Bridesmaids with
"I like you.I like you.I like you--but i really want her.."hmm where is this from?
RT Sold last copy of Bringing up the Bodies just b4 Mr. came in. SORRY! << There goes Mother's Day. ::SOB::
Prettier than #Halley and thicker than
Do you do Q&As whenever you get bored? Lol
Last night my wife and 2 daughters went ot girlnscout camp and no movies on tv. Tonight HEART BREAK RIDGE FOR ALL U JARHEADS. But damn good.
We just created a new list titled 'Laser Scanning Industry', follow it here: /laser-scanning-industry
NY SHRUNK YOUR FOOT!?!
We certainly do got with Invisalign! Please give us a call if you have any other questions 858-352-7890
Thanks for the follow! A on GOLF Road?! likes the sound of that!
Went ahead, replaced 5-yr-old MacBook before its death. Impressed it lasted this long. Could've prolonged w/ wipe/fresh install, but... enh.
There is so much hate in this world; it is disgusting. Give back, be humble, and love widely.
just making sure my assumptions were correct, guess they were.
No time to recover.
WAS SO FUN RT drinking bottles with homies bout to check out the Naked and Famous.
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. ---Judy Garland
still available in bottles.
I'll definitely check it out...
I am looking for a new library position, if you know of someone retiring, please let me know...thanks.
Trade has "branded" it the "official retirement" home; a lie; it has only ever had 1 NYC carriage horse, we'll see.
It didn't take long... I didn't make it thru the 365 on Flickr, yet again. Hows the pups?
good luck winning the lottery folks
news: Top Benefits Of Technology Blogs
I luv Nicholas Sparks! The movie is probably good
lol once i got full of eating so i was just sitting at the table and he goes "justin bieber" and i got up and ate. lmfao
Saw "The Avengers" on Sunday. Nice to hear that original Hulk Lou Ferrigno got to voice the Big Guy's only line in movie.
AND #coxcable Tier 2 guy did NOT know #xkcd #shibboleet comic strip joke, so can't be a real tech support geek.
Im Brilliam So Today In French I Was Like ThaTs What Make Me Hate You More Zayn For Ni Apparent Reason
Are all the invites going to go out tonight?
For the WIN
Seriously you're way overreacting about this. It's been going on since November. Time to grow the fuck up. We're in high school.
I just saw the commercial for season 2 and I started jumping around in excitement
She say my #MUSIC Bangn like 10 FREAKS
Why do people go to the gym again? Do they not know what a nap is?
Costumes and Trick-or-Treating tomorrow! Positive Tomorrows students love Fall Break Camp, even on rainy days!
Omg, I CANNOT with this white girl wearing a scarf and a bonnet....and her boyfriend is a marshmallow thug!!!
I want to thank the federal government for giving me the opportunity to be unemployed so I could tweet abt & watch really bad tv.
Is up gettin that money
" Had I thought I wasn't ahead, I'd have chinned in and finished that arm lock" -- NICK DIAZ. He could've, but chose not to?
today i am happier than a bird with a french fry :)
Appreciate the support means a lot.
Gingrich spoke about Martin L. King, Jr. and honoring his legacy, while Perry talked about his work in Texas and his appointments.
For my gamer friends out there don't forget to follow
I love wandering down greeting card aisles by myself looking at the Valentines Day section because weeping is great for my abs.
. hey so I know I'm skinny and white but we're totally cousins and I heard you made it to the NFL so you wanna give me some $$$?
Kim Kardashian threatens, err, says she want to run for Glendale, CA Mayor. OMG. If Glendale folks can't tell their ass from an ass...
60% of the time...it works every time.
Thanks! With the rain I'm very happy to have my suitcase. RT : rooting for you today after your crazy travel to get to dc
So ready to see miss Greer tomorrow
Hope I didn't forget any mothers.
Did u know that if you're rich in Las Vegas u can do whatever u want? U can even be a total douchebag!
This Mac is testing my patience. I've waited an hour and a half for it to start up. What in the world is going on?
Yes!! Where do you want to go?
Should the Chronicle of Higher Education be boycotted until Naomi Schaefer Riley is removed from #Brainstorm?
"Nothing is but thinking makes it so." - Shakespeare
BIG weekend for - Men in Froz4 & Women r Nat'l Champs
Mom and Dad are taking us for a ride in the CAR to see POLLY!! Hey wait...Polly is our VET! Did I just hear someone say "shots"?!?
I had an epiphany the moment I was born. I'm going to have to shave down there all my life.
You know who's services the Packers could really use right about now? Johnny Jolly.
Get over it. It was the past, people change. Just because someone does ONE thing wromg doesn mean they are a teerible person.
can't wait to see!
FUCK YOU. YOU LIAR
Paul can still rock it out.
gm gm gm gm gm ciroq had that ass last night
RT : Your REAL FRIENDS are there for you when you're down and out.
One great thing about warmer weather around in winter is being able to run outside!
Good luck this weekend .....proud of you !
Captain America chamber RT Whatever it is that Juwan is doing 2 still look so young, I want 2 know his secret
Haters don't really hate you they hate themselves because you're a reflection of what they wish to be
That moment when I realize I subconsciously got dressed up today to impress somebody.
Gotta love sample day at Whole Foods!
hell ya
Ridin solo 2nyt but thanks for all the mad fans that came out 2nyt...
I want some boba! Mom if you see this... lets go get some boba!!! XD
I hate when people tell me I'm too old for cartoon. No ones too old for cartoons.
What's Gucci Mikey? How ya dern? ;)
Super excited to celebrate Ashy Larry Wednesday tomorrow.
' I wnt it to stop, but it won't!
Great discussion about violence and the mvmt in the Cold Civil Rights Cases class Thanks Brett Gadsen & Hank Klibanoff; great work!
Crazy fucking night... All I know is that I'm not letting my room mate drink for a while...
Have a great day everybody!
Thanks for sharing your love with all...Marley Family everywhere I send you love,peace and happiness...
Started my "Worthy" painting yesterday, hope to get my camera back from my son so I can share some progress pics along the way! :)
damn, like all the different combos haha alright sweet thanks and anything you know that will help me get hired?
Wallace what's up? I cross the crosses cause I bury my losses. Keep it moving like a G6 in traffic.
That's why we got Brandon Marshall! Nice 60yd catch and stiff arm for the TD.
follow me andreww !!! :)
Learn to Live
no need for an identity crisis. We are still listening.
you'll always be my best guy friend:) <3
#DavidGraziano "Tell me the number you'll accept?" <-question gets asked of candidate and the hiring manager before problems start
#5thingsyoucantdo is Roll a blunt of Kush at a Police Dept & Light it up and say, Hey Mr. Police you want a pull! This shit is Gucci!!
Hold your phone shes got a cannon
I'm here to take advantage of the things you take for granted!
BULLS WIN!!!!!!! Bring on the Miami Heat!! I can't wait!
.... accent related 'comment'. WAs, yes a few days old, but I agree with gary neville, so thought it was well worth re-tweeting,okay?. And
Down .6lbs. Could've been more but I'm addicted to candy.
Boys: if you're talking to a girl don't be talking to 10 other girls at the same time
I can't see what you're replying to...
RT : News flash! Out of touch academic claims she's never...
no way bro! He doesnt make a crappy movie..
You're lucky I ain't have drop him from the team.
I should go to sleep but I just can't... #hadtworedbullstoday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
What do you mean still sick?
i used too
Hey Justin! My new account. Like it? <3 <3
Yeah, sad about #KaleidoscopeVillage - I had high hopes for that place. Thought it might be my home eventually.
We have a Limo or two available this weekend. Call now before you miss your opportunity to rent the nicest Limo and Limo Buses in Pittsburgh
hate to count Kobe out but this game is over
There you go again...ruining my surprise! :(
thanks edgar! Not running though, just working!
Also, people that are undecided for the general election generally skip primaries. Somehow, there are still a lot of them.
Thanks Carol!
Have fun at the Zones! RT : Working on review of Cherdonna & Lou Show. Then to Twilight Zone ....
Just about to see #Avengers with and !!! So excited This is so exciting! :D
So sorry, I missed your dm. The prize includes all agency fees required to create a spot. Client pays expenses, incl. media.
Actually, that's the only logical way to read it.
GURL ON YO MIND CUZ CLEARLY YOUR NOT ON HIS IM JUST LETTIN THAT BE KNOWN
Im gonna' miss austin with his braces </3
Finally off. The office was a drag today
PeeWee Herman coming up on the #tvlandawards ... this should be a hoot !!
¿¿¿ipod ipod where for art thou my ipod???
I wonder how moth stew tastes?
first three people to become a friend of Lew Hagood on Fb today will receive a free copy of his book Pieces of Me...
Search KARISSA LYNN on Youtube to see my cover of Closer by Kings of Leon!!!
and thanks for following us!
According to the Hub network, Mall Santa premieres tonight, Dec 17, and will air on Dec 24th at 1:30 pm EST.
I'm just not sure we create experiences that allow for all kids potential to be tapped. Is there any ownership of the learning?
Never regret yesterday. Life is in you today, and you make your tomorrow. ~ L. Ron Hubbard
if u could only see what I look like right now Lol..... I'm living so I can't complain :-}
It's official, an additional artist has been added to the BonfireJam Pensacola Beach lineup, but we cannot announce just yet! Hmm...
Lady gaga is a uhly man
he's leaving right meow
Will someone just come write this stupid thing for me? I checked out of school at least week ago.
Damn got love boys and there toys(:
Thanks Chicago for the kickass time last night!
Where human rights are under attack, being in a #network lets you draw on the power of a much larger group committed to the mission
So those Swedish Fish I got you are sitting on my bed and they are calling my name
How do I merge my two #Twitter accounts.. and
Thanks, Chris!
I think so. I was wondering why they offered a regular shuttle to Sycuan when I signed the lease.
Happy Derby Week! We still have a few tables on our patio for ALL concerts this week at 4th St Live! Call/Text Tobi Danise at 502.417.7640
I am tired
predictions for this weekend? Spurs for Champions League? United for the title?
did i hurt your feelings? oh, fucking sucks.
sounds delicious
Attended the UICA film benefit event this week showcasing academy award winner for documentary short Daniel Junge's One Day and Saving Face
I don't smoke. I don't do drugs. I'm a virgin.I will not lose my self-respect just to fit in.
thanks for voting today + I hope Alex voted early or got an absentee
I used my friends address before I moved to Portland. What they don't know won't hurt em!
No, I get wasted and watch it from the sidelines. It's my St. Patty's day.
Thanks ! Me Too Love The picture !
Are you staying warm and safe?
Very awesome news: This weekend the #SpursChicas will be at the games!
Picking out some sessions at the Wisconsin association of academic librarians conference. Everything looks good!
Nick Fury.
Thanks for the #FF!
thanks will do :-)
Thank you! When are you up here? I would like to see you <3
Great tips! Thank you!
We must agree that & are two excellent local Indiana choices!
easy money $$$
Listening to Farting in the general direction of my house plants. I need a goddamned adventure.
That's because Portland's public transit is awesome! How are you?
after all the good ive done i still dont see why they mad at me
im with my lil sis she is lurning how to go to the bathroom hahaha lol
Money Saving Tip: W/ the cooler weather coming in, consider leaving your windows open when you sleep. Enjoy the fresh air & the savings.
thanks same for annmarie
And the demolition has begun this morning!
Ferguson says City &#39;in driving seat&#39; to clinch Premier League title
don't tease us!!! lol
#GG2011 Natural Leader award for community service goes to James King for his work in Atlanta, GA!!!
Cyber bullying! “: Epic temper tantrum on hold RT thx for being so much nicer about it than + ”
thank u!
Kia had to use there entire marketing budget for 2012 on that commercial
I wish I was petite & tiny so finding cute clothes would be easier. But no, I'm stuck being tall ass Amanda Burke. -_-
And yet I don't think I've ever seen you in a Star Wars tee. The question: Were you dressing up or down?
I hope lakers get swept by OKC <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
good luck hope u have a good time praying for you
Just Aced my PHHE test
After watching I remember how said I kind of sound like Phil Phillips... Alex, that man is a god. I'm not xD
After watching that video... Cam's reasoning > Zach's reasoning.
hi buddy ari~ good morning~ love you so much my dear buddy~ have a great day and take care xoxo <3
I want to go goose hunting tomorrow but don't have anyone to go with
U.S. stocks opened lower; Greece's struggle to form a government intensified worry about the region's debt.
thank you for feeling so conflicted on my behalf. i take your jealous rage as a compliment, naturally.
SAMMMMEEEEEEE I'm so proud to be a fan girl makes NE smile everyday
Say what you will about Lou Bega.
saintly self-control is hard, though I may disagree with what he said, I will defend to the death his right to say it...
Yup.....posted almost 2 hrs ago and it is now showing up in the dashboard...
Thank yall for coming out. God bless you. Goodnight.
'technically this is not porn' LMAO excuse me while I fall over laughing ;)
No way Knicks win this game,king James is so clutch.lebron is way better than mj,better closer than Kobe,more versatile than magic.#sarcasm?
Things you shouldn't say to your Dad; "wow, the yard looks terrible"
RT - What risks are you taking to discover the life you were born to live?
Change it from philadelphia flyers to philadelphia giroux thas the only good player they got!
Note: When writing songs / sometimes stupid shits sounds great / that just happened / Matt
Chris Paul is kinda good.
9 days and this iphone gets activated ^_^
Going to go with for the ladies, and can I pick myself for the guys?
He was being so crazy it freaked me out. He was the driver! Not cool. I even took down his name and can number. Haha.
Time well spent!
Actually, I kind of agree with my sister. They can't change the past once you get back. :p
oh ya princess fairies and all it awesome like I said
Thank you dearly
Eating olive garden tomorrow and maybe shopping! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
That's a risky fashion choice for that venue!
All I gotta say is it don't feel very good when you do a 360 and flip over you your handlebars straight to your head.
I haven't finished Death Note. Fuck you.
How is your day going? I hope its great (:
We are not speaking you dolt...we are writing. I would expect a smart atheist pussy like you to know the difference.
#ABQ #Events - SO EXCITED FOR THIS! One Night of Queen by Gary Mullen & The Works. Relive all your Queen favorites Mar 1
how are things in the northern south?
Bracket is no longer perfect .. . One game complete, one game wrong .. .
watching jc caylen's youtube videos<3 How about you?(:
Yes, right, but LCHS too. I did not have Deacon Wentzel who tended to modify these things.
sorry what you been up too?
You can't change someone. Either accept who they are, or start living without them.
Patriots all day baby <3
I need to meet ...like this weekend, after the game.
steampunk could do more, ie address class issues
Mike that is not true, I canvassed on the train last month, lots of people riding during the day.
Happy Valentine's Day < 3
If ten thousand hours is the magic number of greatness, I have lots of practice. So, I am an expert at short selling stocks
Hahahahahahah so true :) us whores gotta stick together!
You are doing a great job tweeting from the sbjsba!
David's video won!!!! Thank you to all who voted!
I know you wanna follow me. ;)
There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do.-- Freya Stark
Happy to see the latest issue of the Newestlatter reach my inbox. One of many good reasons to belong to the International Joyce Foundation
Scratch that... It's Dianna DePinto, lol!! Dumb. I am dumb. Haha!
I'm annoying myself.
what, was Larry David or George Costanza too busy to write this article? lol
wowza! - Neil Patrick Harris in the buff on that stupid sitcom of his - yeah, I think he's hot - and, yeah, it's because he is totally gay!!
My mind is like jello in the ghetto of THIS FREAKING PLAY, MAN!
2 of my coffeeshop research participants use blogs heavily in work sessions--for reading/research not writing. . .
Damn you, ! I finally get my butt out of bed in time to catch the 415, and it's expressing to DC.
you know too much
So true! "Move your tongue like a spoke." WHAT? haha Me: Becka, you're not moving like an arch. You: I'm an animal ON the ark:]
yeah, so of you ever need to talk, I'm here for you.
Oh wee!! RT : just made my damn day! Literally .
Monroe gets 2 RBI on infield single in second by No. 9 hitter Katie Holmes to go up 2-1
RT : Clean Streets, Clean Water: will talk trash and waterways at UM this Wed. 12:30-1:30 p.m. in the Green Room.
Accept the fact that she will melt your heart anytime she chooses.
Any of my fellow Twits use Teux-Deux, Remember The Milk, or Todoist? Recommend one over another?
Apparently I am a #fatass. I broke the couch in my basement when I sat on it
i heard that
If you are really thankful, what do you do? You share. – W. Clement Stone
Hard work can sometimes make up for the lack of talent.
What can I get with a bagel when I go back to school tomorrow...hm
.'s closing remarks center on the numerous suicides and injuries of football players, including Junior Seau's last week
Go Giants!
We are, in part, defined by our past, but it is the role models or heroes we choose that determine who we become. - itsjustme
Touchdown for touchdown - Oregon & Wisconsin. Every time they say "Monte Ball" I think they are saying "Moneyball"
Superbowl time I don't even like american football
always happy to help!
#LiamPayneFollowmaaaaaaaary1D lets trend this NOW didint you guys have a dream ?
Agree. A shame we have to lose the awesome actor in order to lose the baggage. Nice to see a GA show, though.
I am going to try to keep my mouth shut so i don't upset this game…
bring it!
YES please
You Dope AF
Two weeks of solitude would serve me well about now...
Romney is the only candidate that stands a chance to defeat a billion dollar Obama campaign
A walk to remember is on<3
I didn't know Kucher did golfers AND pressure washers! :-)
Honestly hwy 37 should be an interstate... It's soo slow
“: Nothing takes the mojo out of a good NBA playoff game like a forced WNBA commercial.” hahaha! That's hilarious
You guys are all about #storytelling so you should LOVE the new format.
good morning!
I'm doing well and you?
Profit Over Wages.
congrats! What a great day for you both.
Im #ScreaMing Real Nigga. By Myself. All Day. Everyday. In my car. On my bike. In church. @ the club.YOU WANNA GO NIGHT NIGHT NIGGA???
no you said delicious >:)
Santorum, we know plants consume CO2 because of the scientific process. The same process that demonstrates mass evidence for global warming.
Welcome to the club!
Give me the chance to love yo. I'll tell you the only reason why. Cause you are on my mind
Blue Kyanite in my present possession
Clippers will win I promise you
This number 1 thing I've learned from this conference is that I need to learn more programming.
Biology is so stupid.
Already read TUMBLEWEEDS. My #waitingonwednesday is Chris Grabenstein's FUN HOUSE, due 5/1.
Q1: I love self-checkout. It's convenient, allows for anonymity, and frees up libs to do more important things.
Leave us your email as a message if you want the best updates!
"Rio+20 is our chance for change". (Gérald Tremblay)
Just woke from a well needed nap....
Are you at the game??
#quote It is impossible to imagine Goethe or Beethoven being good at billiards or golf.H.L. Mencken
You're already following me but the world needs to know
If you're not willing to put in the effort, don't expect it in return."
I wish I could just be paid to do what I like to do: talk hockey, and read books. Then maybe I would also have the time to not be a fat ass
There Was a Brain Went Broken
And it's not even my birthday ;)
These females need to understand Im nt about to steal yo man on purpose Thats just how i roll
What's on repeat for me this week? 's new album, The Body Wins.
glad you enjoyed your froyo at Orange Leaf! Are you an EMT? If so, I hope you mentioned that to receive your 15% off!
Does each user have to use that authorize part of your blog post? Can you DM me and maybe we can email. I'm desperate.
the answer to HK on any ?? like that,,NO,,& outta respect you your marrige I'll shut up now
“: Realizing you can smell Fierce from a mile away... #aberproblems” work til close
Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
and she gives u ur food at. Mickey d's gag!!!
I do! I actually just ordered a new one. It should be here in a week or two. You can get a passport card! Much cheaper!!
#coldplayonidol is killing it!! Reliving the concert they did last week!!!
Wow... RT : The Nielsen numbers are in, and it's official: has beaten the for a second week.
my friends say I'm a skinny person who was an obese person in a past life because i eat so much & I'm so skinny
Maybe Landry should spend more time conditioning and less time bulking up.
"Spaced" on Netflix! Dudes responsible for Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz and Paul
Don't waste your time on trash.
I figured out the reason my rotator cuff hurts, and his name is Asher.
hi. how is jesper parnevik doing? always been a fan. know he's been hurt. thanks.
Jury returning to courtroom after morning break. Gov. Patrick expected soon after.
I live in a tent
I know very well that this is possible :P
im SO on it
#koreavalentine Dear speculators, I've got a yen for your yen of the #yen. Love, Hyundai-Kia
Thank you for the praise. We do what we can here =)
Of the marketers that have hosted virtual events, 28% claim that it met or exceeded expectations according to Exhibition Media Group.
Fact: Leftists pay protestors. Not all of them, but enough to warrant skepticism.
Don't cry over that boy who broke your heart, he only broke it because he knew he wasn't going to be the one to complete it.
Happy Birthday 2 ya! :)
Well, as much as I'd love to stay up and keep telling more about 1D, she's learning, I really need to go to bed, g'nite! <3
Sometimes no matter how comfortable u are, u still need reassurance with an occasional 'I love u'
glad you were able to make it up for this one.
Have me with some summer sausage
ok then talk to me bb
Absolutely amazing show!!!
Tasha from Texas says I love this place!
Today is Elton John's birthday! He has won 6 Grammy's and was also knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in 1998 for his charitable work.
Seriously... These adults and their child talked throughout the WHOLE movie...
Thankyou, ssg. Our art ezine and gallery openings after the first of the year will be awesome. Ya think?
thank you!
Started the day off w/ some warm lemon water and then ate really clean...now to just get off the couch and workout, it'll be a perfect day!
Successful literacy programs, and how to implement them on the national level.
Thanks, ladies!
Nick- Let's compromise. I'll leave if you can spell genius. Hint: There are 2 C's, 2 A's, 2 M's, 1 E, 1 R, 1 O, and 1 N.
Happy Friday #FF follower of the week
great! And the new site will make this even more prominent
Incredible! Thanks everyone for stopping by Liacouras Walk Table 95 for TempleFest. Please join us tomorrow from 1-5! SCT Study Away ROCKS!
's cooking me breakfast butt naked..
Be careful with the Superbowl talk. But yea, I feel so good about this year!
It took many hours yesterday but finally got Git & Drush installed on remote server for the first time & pulling from github.
My time and skills are worth money. If this isn't a benefit to raise money for a not for profit then cut my check.
Libra With a #Libra, your goal is to work towards their butt. That's where it's at. lmao we do have nice butts...i guess...
That happens to me all.the.freaking.time.
Just received unsolicited agile training conference email from a company I shall henceforth refer to only as “SCRUM of the earth”
An app for social cues. A GREAT idea!
Great resource! RT : Great session! Check out the Digital Archive of Literacy Narratives: <daln.osu.edu>
maybe we could put something together for tom night.
Said all year the New York Giants were secretively the most dangerous team in the NFL.
will hit u up
Looks cute (:
omg i am soo proud of austin and how far he has come!!
young man, were you even 13 years old in 2000?
With the Home Path Mortgage Program, more people may be able to become home owners!
why haven't you tweeted. );
Cranberry with Vodka ,yum <3
#ObamaFirsts First President to Blame America First.
Happy Cinco De Mayo
Oh, that's right. I read that in his tweets yesterday. Thanks!
yes, that seems to make the most sense
What is it with my Twitter randomly unfollowing peeps? My laptop is possesed O_O
Hi sweets! ;)
Horny? Got Lap Dances! $20 every Wednesday
Gotta jump on that #sc2 practice
Don't know how I feel about all these new rappers. They all seem to be the same dude. And if you sold so much dope why you rappin??
Still dreaming of the warm brussel sprouts, chestnut agnolotti & zeppoles with pumpkin caramel I ate at last night. Happy Friday
that pic was from Friday night. Last night me and Emma relaxed and painted our nails.
just got camp by childish gambino. favorite rapper now!
So NOT funny!
Four minutes after being in Pittsburgh I screamed "Fuck you! Do you know where I'm from?!" to some douche in a pickup truck.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool damn dat substitute teacher is fine.
8 foot gator, just 8 feet away. I wonder why he was frightened by me?
Oh man I'm beat like a piñata, Gnight :)
Video: He's Back: Bizzle (Christian Rapper) Response To Jay-Z & Kanye West "No Church In The Wild"! (Goes In)
First time on twitter. It's fun! Just hope I won't become addicted to it:))
the USB way? Any tips?
Been in school a lot and not on twitter. How is everyone????
Having a Happy Sam's Birthday with & others!
that's one way to say "we're all in it together" ;-)
Merry Sherlock Eve, to all my dear Holmesians in the UK.
Hey #YouInspireMe so much u changed many lifes,many people &u #MakeAChange in the world! Ur such an inspiration Love ya plz RT
“: Laura needs a chill pill”why...? Lmao
it is flippin hot down here - where has all the rain gone?
RT : one round and done? <<<yes sir!! One & Done! Redeem yourself!!
truer words never spoken. also, belatedly: haven't heard terri + earl but WILL. his segment in the pbs banjo special was great.
Touring Metro High School on a great day trip to Columbus, OH.
Every time I watch the Fireworks video from Katy Perry. I cry. It just hits me in a very emotional spot.
if anybody wants me to be in there video tweet me and i will help out! tweet me or dm!
PLEASE put in the hey song after the stars score a goal! :)
I just Jamed to a whole Spanish song :) #noteveo . <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
BONES is on FOX.
Ah, that explains it. I did first time I was invited but never really came back. :)
great - times are busy work/home. New baby in 4 wks :)
Whaa you was talking about me!? Sry my ears tune out BS
To cold at work today!!! ;( Oh snap!!!
text it an see if u get it
New I See Stars song? So freaking PUMPED!
#MotivationalMonday Change your voice from "I don't know how to do this" to "What do I need to achieve this"
I appreciate the support, guys! It was delicious.
Just believe in yourself and work hard, no matter what obstacles or hardships come in your way
All day neuroscience = awesome.
ty Michael for the shout out! How was your mom's Bday??
right now deAndre freaking Jordan looks like a better center
'Life is a box of chocolates' -- Forrest Gump? No, #Murakami wrote it first in Norwegian Wood.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. - Aristotle
DC United at Chicago Fire now on ESPN2
researched data file source; WCSelection implementation; emailed suppliers; analyzed orders/spec.$; started new DDA procedure
Happy Halloween twitterverse!
He Asked Me Can He Eat Me Out -.- FOH How Old Is He Like 12 Askinn For kisses&Shit His Young Ass !
So jealous! I wonder if Spam musibi would hold up in the mail...
hey man love the music, you guys should deff put up some guitar tabs i've been trying to learn some of of your stuff. lol
Yes!! It's like a sauna :| So..I'm gonna go to my grandmas(:
Another Sunday, another night of reading postings from people slapping my lack of cable in my face.
I miss you!
D Bryan started it.
Lets go Watson on Jeopardy!
I wonder where I would be in life now if I took those chances...
Tawlk is not supported on mobile phones yet. Things will probably look strange until it is.
- HAHAHA, I know right...if we could just get a dollar for every download, we could actually do a decent budget movie.
Playoff basketball is really heating up; great games went down last night setting up great ones this weekend
there's hearts all over the world tonight
The only class there should be is human
Resident: having so many "special events" (read: sports) means a tolerance for bad behavior. And NOW we're also going to get huskies
Sometimes I wonder if I'll ever be able to sing the riff on the word "sun" in Fun's "We Are Young."
wow now that's a throwback!
When you lose touch with something, remember what brought you there in the first place, and fight for it.
I am trying to figure out twitter; didn't remember that I had signed up for this.
Next song on deck? Who wants to embarrass me?
Hey Canada come see DETROPIA may 5 at Hotdocs!
today is going to be a great one!
It was nice to see all of you #SMCROC this evening! Thanks for being our guests!
not the perfect man but girl just give me a chance and my heart will be all yours
negative, what's to do there?
Breaking Dawn is scaring the shizzz outta me right now.
hey there fellow SMBer! from San Diego.
Pethaps Casey Anthony wasn't available?
or for taking polls seriously...RT: OMFG DC it is FAR TOO EARLY FOR SEERSUCKER.
LET'S GO #YOTES!
It really says something about the state of #RedSoxNation when they eagerly await the return of... Dice-K Matsuzaka??
stop it! You're too nice :)
Lots of event planning this week! So 's #FollowFriday focus is on upcoming shows:
Never let a bald man cut your hair.
I agree with the former. I would love to see figs re the latter. And, believe me, I will rest my case without further noise.
What the heck am I going to watch when the Olympics are over? Seriously...
I hope you feel much better soon!!
We need to stand up as a country and demand health care reform. We will not be able to maintain this structure for much longer
Again...What is the Danish word for Oh $h!!t!!!
Spending the morning in the server room. =|
Walked in Chruchill Downs right behind Moises Alou. No big deal
I miss like crazy.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
bearshare.com frostwire.com and bittorrent.com I hate how they closed limewire
awe what did it say?
My friend Larry Vaught told me via Droid that there would be a #shoneysremodel in E-town soon
VHA health resources: The department is a huge storehouse of data generally used by medical researchers
All I got is a dollar and a dream...
Ugh. No more dubstep and no more dumb ass kids.
My headache makes me wanna throwup.
About to be late for work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
HELP!!!!! Im at ralphs and cant decide between captain crunch or cinnamon toast crunch
Dear One Direction, please go get a camera, sit on some stairs, and just act like general idiots together. We miss it. Love, Directioners.
Mayweather got every fucka in the ring
I know!! It's so close but so far a way!!! Kind of.
If you are the Southfield, MI come by "Beans & Cornbread!" Tell them Sonya McGuire sent you!!!
Father John Misty
How I would love to start my high school years over again so I would make the right choices
what again babe? lol im lost ..
Big 10 drops a tight one tonight, 10-8. 1st loss for the A's, who will take a week off for the 4th before returning to the diamond.
I do get the point. I was just being contrarian because sometimes it's fun!
All of us who are old enough have personally experienced these issues. Open that AtariWriter file, anyone?
lol how I feel!
your mom is the best! i love her! have a great day cam <3 miss and love you so much!
you just know what to say to me
Hehe, might just take your word on it man. I'm kinda excited about it though, lol :D
filming acoustic set for roadshow sessions downtown austin in the back of a '61 corvair tonight!
We must be able to close a boring book, go to a bad movie and leave with people who do not value you ...
Awe, why thank you! Lol
honestly, we wouldn't. We're a non-profit and have always been. We're happy that the 1917 is in the public domain.
I think the lack of in my life is the reason I'm losing all this damned weight hahahaha.
Watching someone from Champaign, IL on House Hunters International right now!
Well, done for 5 days, then 3 days of more school, then 2 days off, then leave for Copenhagen.
Ayoo so what happen to people tellin me the grizzlies suck... No reply ok *walks off*
#myneverendingthought: GOD I THANK YOU!!!!!!!
In the car..on my way to Chinese Restuarant!
wow! Sorry to make you so upset! maybe you should give her next week's
The Bassnectar tickets have been purchased and I paid the fucking service charges even tho I tried not to
Online degree programs typically feature accelerated courses that pack course material into an efficient timeline.
I'm going to go lay out in the sun now. Totally!
#AutoMaticBeats feat PLAN BEATS coming soon..
if you're still having trouble, call us at (414) 297-7520. We're here from 9 to 5.
the circle never ends cuz i always find myself going right back no matter what i do
Thanks for having US! Appreciate you!
first workout of the summer complete.
we need a topic
see you this weekend?
Never ending arguments <<<
swag swag swag on you, chilling by the fire while we eating fondue~
does that mean you met ANOTHER guy last night after we hung out? slow down esther! :P
omg. Of course I'm going to follow you
Everyone needs to follow right now!! (:
WORK AT HOME TIP: Make a list of your sucesses (even tiny ones). Post it where you can see it and add to it regularly.
Yes, definitely!! Anytime!
GM everyone! I had a great weekend in Georgia and made some wonderful connections! It's great to meet new people...enjoy your day!
He's back with u cuz I wuldnt go to movies. Haa.
Not exactly sure why #TLR pulled his starter. Hopefully this is the time that using the bullpen turns out to be a really bad idea.
I hope everyone takes a minute today to celebrate National Neil Diamond Day! Forever in Blue Jeans, babe!
Lunch w/ puma friends lori nelson and noah gonzalez & the lovely andrea orbeck@ soho house la
Six more days until the first two games of the regular season!
4 days until I'm back in my hometown to perform at a charity event I helped create.. Being nervous isn't even the half of it..
Get yo 1989 wind breakers out!!! All jokes aside...TY everyone in advance who comes out to battle the 1 star wind... TYTYTYTYTY XOXOXO
I am trapped inside a hot back room we call a classroom
- My Mom called recently & asked "Do you want these Dark Comic Books?" ;-) Finally realized she meant THE Dark :) how r u?
yeah, on March 31st, unfortunately.
Guys: dont EVER cheat on your girl. it took her ALOT of courage to say she likes you. dont just play with her heart.
“: Minnesota is trading No. 3 pick Cleveland. More ahead on ESPN.” (there we go it's happening! Excited #NFLDraft )
Lol I do that even when they are looking
Why can't people say what they mean & mean what they say???
#I sure will
And "bad" doesn't mean not entertaining. It's a b-movie.
congrats! That is great!
No late night love..Fuck it..
Loving being with and and earlier with
That was a moon shot by Jeter!!!
When life is overwhelming, it's a good idea to take a break to watch 'So You Think You Can Dance.'
Taylr's Joint Fashion Show!!love this local designer
Plz I like Bobby D but his ? 's are combative. Whose side is he on? 1% or the rest of us!!!!!!
yung rich is bout to start tattooing
Watching the Poison Behind the Music and seeing the gal with the huge hair saying "I think Poison kicks serious ass!"
oh crap! its happening...i'm mixing my spanish vocab with my french
Thank you :) Wayne is some better and Mom says Hi too.
I could see that being the case. I often become a green triangle when I'm there.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Backstreet Boys are making a comeback
RT I belong in a Disney Movie! ~so do I! You could play Goofy
Joh 14:21 He who has My commandments and keeps them, he it is who loves Me. And he who loves Me shall be loved by My Father, and I will...
Did like all the #colts starting line run a massive train on Mrs. Irsay or something? WTF
RT : Anybody give you cold bars yet ?
Just like a computer, "garbage in, garbage out" applies to the human heart. Feed yourself with His Words and let life come out of you.
there's always a reason for being awake...
any news on your macbook repair?
Seriously, I am freezing in West Palm Beach, Fl cant wait to go to New York Wednesday to warm up
Angry boys on hbo is a riot
hahaha yeah, she hated me earlier when i was cleaning her cage. she hid under my dresser :P hahah but now she loves me!
holy crap that scared me
didnt monta ellis sign a big deal a couple of yrs ago?
bro bro we gotta put are city out there
Tuesday is here and that means Cheesy Chicken Enchilada and Carnita Pork...makes Tuesday a little easier to bare!
I say no the first time. That doesn't mean you can ask the same god damn question a week later!
Everyone #FF the buttcrack out of ... Woman should be in the 100's of followers by now
Congrats! Have fun :-)
When I RT what I'm actually saying is "Fuck I wish I wrote that"
Thanks for coming to hangout and support!
western mass...
I got a job interview on Monday at a staffing agency!! I hope I can get a job!!
that plus you consider yourself a fellow Music Geek!!
Getting ready for #linernotes tonight at the Dunes....gonna be a great show!
I think the Mayans didn't like all Whitey not just the Spaniards.
lol I don't know how many times I've gotten up and had someone request a seat change to my "lucky" seat
Lord, it's hard to be humble when you're perfect in every way.
you should put a song on the stereo right now!
#TheresNoWayInHell the wooden teeth meeting is not the best place in the world or on #gwu campus to be ever or at 8pm on tuesdays in PHIL415
Note To Self: Be Dope. Act Dope. Stay Dope.
Yeah me too. Thanks!!
Im about to make one of the BIGGEST decisions of my LIFE.....it's what's BEST !
Final grades will be posted on Wed night due to my absence. Thanks for your patience. Enjoy Mr. Smith.
Conserve, people! Today, Lake Travis will fall below the lowest level it reached in 2009. Here's new aerial video: bit.ly/pXwI0Y
Using the word "thingy" when you can't remember what something is called.
im probably gonna cry when i hear #turntoyou #TEAMSINGLEMOMS <3
#andrewbreitbart R.I.P
Today is National Teachers Day. Who was your favorite teacher?
talk back! lol
Gary, just saw your message! Would be thrilled to get together tonight---hosting a conference tomorrow + graduation for HSEC
My first tweet on this account! =)
oh hahahaa totally misread that one. I'm slightly embarrassed and i'm waiting for the day when I get sick of it
Dang Aidan could out eat anyone! Can't believe how big he's getting :)
MLS badly wants LA to win...
So looking forward to the #Milwaukee show tonight at the ! See everyone there!
There are risks with football thy evry1 is aware of the risks if they remain in the game thts on the player and their family
Ugh I just can't hate Rodgers. The sports fan/football lover in me won't allow it.
dnt do that
dirty dancing is such a classic
#Amen Meek Mill voice
#QUEENS AND ITS CRAZY !!
#GreenyTheDance was very good. But your practice video tops it when you can't discern whether she means your shirt or chest. LOL
Gotta love this nice #SunnyDay in Seattle
One of the best performances in Url history. Salute.
My marriage turned out to be a rest period between romances
RT : “: "Anger makes you smaller, while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond what you were." -Cherie Carter-Scott
mango is even better ya gotta try it
Boy do I wish I were there for this! Emulation isn't lossless, either, and can be very costly
fantastic concert!
I HATE THIS SCHOOL!!!!
We established tonight: zombies are better than dandelions. At least zombies stay dead when you cut off their heads.
RT Make a #pisces laugh till they cry and you found a place in their heart
thanks for coming down philly! :) #motivated!
duh dun duh duh duh dun duh cant touch this!
Just met the best lawyer ever, changed my life!!
Ooh, my BP rose a bit reading that. While I might agree w/her on a point or 2, she's ignoring some history and current authors.
Just followed back everyone that asked(:
Theresa Erickson, deft. in #surrogacy scheme says she "lost her way" and is "truely sorry from bottom of heart to victims".
ah yeah i cant believe u didnt kno that!!
#legend congrats ^_^
To buy every song I like on iTunes I would need like a thousand bucks.. Wanna donate to the Emily Needs New Music fund? ;)
That should read objective.
saw that. Wish I could take dad.
Bang bang
where you be?
So how was your day? The #ChevyGirls want to know.
Ugh... so rude! How does it even apply to her?? The things they say don't even make sense.... #arihaters =_=
Congrats to for winning county!
Next week we will begin construction on the 6th floor amenities level! Stay tuned for pictures live from the site!
He who says he can and he who says he can't are both usually right.
LMAO! WHOA! RT she leaves her man's bedroom and walks across the hall to his roommates room? Girl are you serious!!?
Who wants to see sacrifice a goat at Skully's this Sunday?!
Mention this tweet today until 3pm and get ANY large drink half off:)
The new house is adorable!!
Everything is going great. (: hahaha. Except i am in school :\ -AliPaige
im soo confused
The Descent
Boyfriend been in my head all day.... & I don't even like that song.
Thanks for following.
Selecting the judges for the 2010 show.
“: I be silent farting in the office all day but I blame it on the mexican janitor. :(” lol c'mon son
I'd have to agree! is pretty cool ;)
How can I get to the formal tonight?! I wanna play with and hmph
...i'm glad you helped make that happen! thanks for spreading the word.
Happy BornDay To Me One Time ACCEPTING ALL GIFTS..MONEY..LAPTOPS..CDS..DVDS..KEYS..Matter Fact I NEED ERRYTHANG
~^^ she is very pretty
happy mothers day mom
cute. We would crowdsource the answers
wat it do
few things are more satisfying than the feel of a new toothbrush.
I guess I just like Keynote better. I see presentation software as a visual aid.
LOVE THAT MOVIE! Lol RT : Dude, Where's My Car?
would love to see some of your restorative lesson plans! Agree-hard to teach but so worth it
oh yes were ready... But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!! ;) #follow?
still supporting these guys, eh, NHL?
There once was a time when everyone thought I was crazy for reading a book that was about teenagers who were forced to hunt one another.
lmao.... Id like to see that
We're gonna get a thanks from Spa Boom now. Watch, they will message you on twitter. I think they use twitalert
AK National Guards man Jason Johnson indicted for embezzling $228,723 from Guard's family program fund.
IF you have seen a RAGE face tel me??
fell off for a while, getting back on -- desire to explore. must do things.
If this new guy starts using a fake Cajun accent, run.
CNBC? So bizarre. That's what I was watching and I got a different game! Ridiculous.
Best of lucks in the #BetterWithUTour! Guys..u r goin to elevate every place u play in?love ya.
it was AHHMAZING :)
Funny how getting hammered often leads to getting nailed. And 9 months later it's drilled into your brain that you're screwed.
well no car payment means time to fat flat screen tv.
. thanks Lankes "even if his statements were only ironic or nominal"
So incredibly sad about #whitneyhouston. Gone too soon. What a voice.
oh ok gotcha haha that's not too bad then hopefully today is easy cuz I'm reallllyyy not in the mood to run!
" Back Out" check it out by G. youtube.com/gregtellis314
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY DIVA DAUGHTER THAT SCARES ME SO MUCH ON TWITTER N FACEBOOK N STARTS TEXT MESSAGES WITH DAD
TWEET, TWEET NIGGA!
whats good i was wondering if yall had open days on the radio
Stoked for performance tonight for #MarsHillStudentsABQ! If your a middle/high school student, u need 2 be there!
peace bro hope all is well!
hahha that's not advice
Who is this girl talking on #abc? Annoying.
Females who I've always heard say " I don't like haitians" always end up liking me ? SO . . . whats really good?
Awl hes mad that i dont wana go outside. Its to cold to be sitting outside.
constituent services actually :)
MADE THE RIGHT CHOICE WIT #DIDDYMIRTYMONEY! THE CD IS FIRE! RT.
I'm fucking tired of those "what should we call" things. what should we call those what should we call tumblrs? fucking boring.
It was exciting to meet you guys. Loved smelling the hops. Really excited for #RuhstallerOnTap when we open.
1st quarter is complete. Lakers with the lead 27-14.. keep it up.
Follow back? :) I can't follow right now but I will once it let's me:))
angeli is amazing and beautiful and no matter what u say i will still like her.
On our way to our member nonprofit, for a meeting, very excited!
I wish I would have slept more today as I did nothing...I managed to choke down unacceptable sushi and hit up my local Jewel Osco...YAY!!!
Hahahaha, not at all. I'm right here with ya!
I LOVE Jimmy Fallon!!!
for the #FF Hope you have a Great weekend. I all so enjoy Betty Boop, talk to you later.
I do both, but since I am packing, Netflix is the way to go.
Thank you!
Thanks for the RT on our photography page ! Hope all is well down your way. :-)
Lamb of God makes me so sleepy
Love the CPD decal on the freezer portion of your NBC fridge.
I can't believe tweeted me! I am his biggest fan...on facebook that is. Looking forward to a
Now everybody knows that when tickets goes on sale you buy them quick, you don't wait a week to buy them especially Nicki Minaj tickets!!
#oomf takes nothing serious
Edge Said get it together or I am putting you over my knee Boy To Cena lol
I don't think I could have the strength to do an intervention on a family member. How awful
The Cha Cha Beauty & Barber / Dairy Air Collective sale is coming along swimmingly! Check out the preview here: mydairyair.blogspot.com
didn't realize it had versioning features.
Dear man who sounds like his lungs are snot filled, I can hear you preparing your loogy from across the street. Thanks for the lovely noise.
Step 1 stop talkn to anyone
in ICU with Mom. So worn out. I miss my tweople.
I am so tired of being harassed by neighbors. Fargo police don't do anything they just stand there and look at me like I am crazy.
can we PLEASE?! And thank you!!!
Walking in Cuyahoga Falls. Ziga is making it easier
RT : Awesome! has informed us that the shirts we ordered for our 4 Parties shows are in! Teaser: They are COOL AS HELL.
Hahaha Who Said You Have To Approve Of It ?
Feeling down because of the weather massage and Acupuncture can help improve your mood!
I agree!!
Classic subject line in DC Urban Mom RE forum: "Stink bug seen at a house for sale--what does this mean?"
Word on street is ur lacing em up for a game with Indy Drive ABA Team...#goodstuff I'll b ur teammate #Istillgotit should b fun
The media loves secrets. Save on taxes: CPA secrets. CEO Secrets that bosses dont tell employees. Pitch your secrets!
Thanks for the great happy hour !
hes a very good kid kortney
Who needs the patriarchal trinity Freud, Jung, Lacan? I'm starting a new school of psychoanalysis after Sabina Spielrein.
Todays deal $10 for $20 Worth of Authentic Italian cuisine at Cinelli's Pizzeria
Untitled Film Still #13 is hands down my favorite Sherman piece. Doesn't get much better than that for me.
Despite the loss, I'm glad to see Heisey start turning it on. I hope he can keep it up.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!:DD
Yep, and I have netflix as well and the ability to stream movies from them so cable is just a luxury that no longer need.
We can't wait to play with Open Video Alliance's new Popcorn open video beta tool presented
You're so sweet! I'm glad you like it.
oh, now indy def gets props
I hope you have a good day!!!!! I miss u
Freezing drizzle overnight and into the morning hours. No major accumulation but roads may be slick. Be careful driving!
S/o to all our new followers! Watch the movement....
Live free
I Get Up In The Morning To The Beat Of A Drum!
thanks! love you too!
YAAAYYY!!! :) that's awesome. Wtf. Who are we this weekend?!
RT “: outta the shower:D <U+E13F>”
Thanks. Wish I could do more. Just added your site to my list of links. Excellent site.
RT The house #budget sets the wrong priorities and puts the burden of debt reduction on
you are mighty fine at tweeting my dear. ;-)
what I lack in class you make up for with selling out. I only count u as 1/2 a turncoat tho since u seem to be sawed in half
talking about a real housewife of NJ: "Oh, she's dumber than a box of burnt hair."
The first epigraph to this dissertation needs to be sonic--a link to a short piece of music. Not a score, but an actual sound.
Thank you so much! I can't wait to see her in person!
My mom and Sister are so mean there eating in front of me cuz they know my mouths asleep!! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009F>
sign em up!
Ooh, interesting idea Wikidata! Linking many sources of data.
hey I remember you from the LA Dodgers mlb message board 10 years ago and found one of your old posts while doing a search
its ending...like I watched anyway tho lol
William Shakespeare Modest doubt is called the beacon of the wise.
Anger is one letter short of danger.
You Move Me one of my favorites!
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
You're a huge tool.
Ok Green Bay..
If you don't know what earth hour is, from 8:30-9:30 you turn off all your lights/don't use electronics. Part of the strip is even doing it
The worst stories I heard were abt black teenagers hired by whites to babysit Often they were raped or assaulted when w. men drove them home
I'm on board with you !
Thinking about writing about never owning or using a dildo for
As a kid from the suburbs, I should never call anyone "shorty". Especially vertically challenged Asian men, because apparently it's hurtful.
Yup, it's a Whitney Houston music day. Sad to have lost one of the industry's best voices.
On some days YES some days NO.
As we're makin some of the biggest moves in our career, realizing we still have a long way to go. Make us jus hit the blunt harder!
Disappointment = waking up on Saturday, only to realize it's actually Monday.
loom so what you doing
Good Morning Amoz. No rain coats needed here. Bright, sunny and quite warm.
ca american studies association panel on dystopia; counting references to Hunger Games ... - thus far 0
Most Def. What We Into?
Really? New damage detected...on the bridge this time.
That Kung Pao sounds delicious. Will have to try it this week :) Thanks!
Have questions about #EFL, #TESOL, #TEFL? Just use #bridgeteflchat to send them in.
House is cleaned, bills are paid, and I am relaxing with my mom :)
Back-to-back coaching sessions with clients today! Can't wait!! I love it and they get a system of eating for life!!
welcome to summer mister
Welcome Flip. Can't wait to hang in less than 2 weeks.
I think their is a bright future in #responsive design and agree that it is a trend right now. Image/type resolution is key.
Grab n go
What do you want to do about this annoying Rangers fan living in our house?
Stars definitely aligned! Never a dull moment xo
And the clubs are still poppin!
Your future is decided by who you choose to believe.
Slowest day ever
SmashTag influence is spreading! This week our shirts have shipped to Farmingdale, NJ, Holmdel, NJ, and Fort Worth, TX. Thanks!
Soo blessed to have such great friends and families!! Thank u for all the bday wishes!!
“We don't get to decide who God is.” <U+2015> Francis Chan, Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God
...but we are stuck in the "we have a spending problem not a revenue problem" as though it can't be both...
I knew it was worth something. RT : Cutting grass with a 2 iron?
Well baby they're tumbling down.
A #likeable speaker for #likeable social media at #SXSWi? Go figure.
Ending tonight a bit early.. gotta headache anyways... Gettin to old to handle this lol
"Team of Destiny wins it all" in Superbowl XLIV. Congrats Saints!!!! Visit us online at www.vancouverwahotel.com
"our time right now" applies to more than just athletics
You see things and you say, 'why?' -- I see things that never were and say, 'why not?'
not sure what you mean but im not sure if twitter is the place to discuss technical site processes. DM
It's the anniversary of the *other* shipwreck I'm obsessed with: Lusitania. Diana Preston's book on it is excellent; gave me nightmares.
Why hate on someone, it's not like you did something for them.
degrassi is the shit
my bestie and i watched them :-)
Walter White #Dome squad
My girlfriend walked in on me while I was on MySpace. But I quickly switched it to a porn site just to save myself from an embarrassment.
NEW PRICES! No commitment! No set up fees! Streamcasting.com!
Don't ask me to help you. You've never helped me. Even when I asked ...
Loving some Clifford Brown / Max Roach this morning.
I truly believe #AT&T customer reps are all idiots w/brain injuries. Geez. What's it take to make an international call!!! AT&T YOU SUCK!
Every girl out there should smile because they deserve to :)
My breakfast today had cheese eggs, cheese potatoes, & cheese on the beans. Looking forward to cheese-free dining in Asia.
Suspicious man escorted off the plane had 2 knives... At least a good citizen reported him!
Apparently not smiling is cool..
That sound like something Wayne would say lol
Hmm even after talking w the IRS for two hours I finally am hearing some nice ballet music while being on hold for the millionth time
After the break: More on the new #IndyCar and its economic impact to #Indianapolis. Stay tuned! 317-736-0950
Twitter can be deceiving..
much respect to u bro!! So ready for the Summer Olympics! U need to make the still shot of u beating Usain Bolt in the 100 ur avi
no time to hit ur boi back huh?
By which I mean: CUT HIS MIC.
S/o to my new follower>>>>> follow & gain
UNITY A JOURNEY OF HOPE, GIVE US A LOOK! WE ARE RIGHT HERE IN YOUR BACKYARD!
I hate players :P
THESE PRODUCTS WORKS GREAT FOR PEOPLE WITH THINNING, SLOW GROWING HAIR...YOU WILL LOVE THESE PRODUCTS.. For more info. Call 1(313)522-2307
I'm so stressed out & depressed it dont make no since...
That moment when you remember why you loved him. Or whenever you see or speak to him, you fall in love all over again.
Is Brick Store Pub in Atlanta the best beer bar in the South? I say YES.
So proud of lawson man..since he was pup
RT if you love me and all ur other #MAHOMIES **EvErYdAy.HeRo<3**
RIP Adam Yauch- Co-Founder of Beastie Boys. Died at 47.
and think that's it.
Commission public input hearing live from Auburn. Watch now at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov
Thank you for following me back girl!! Looking forward to the event on 6/3 :)
Retweet this if you think #SanDiego is the best place to live!
Watching wwe with the family Perfect way to end the weekend
You guys are AWESOME!!! I just got to 200 followers... If I have the most followers I get a bonus of a GRAND...
You may be plentiful in iced tea, warm weather, but it's gonna take a lot more than that to win this one over.
Portland! How is your Tuesday treating you?!
r u getting picked up from capa? or do u want to take the bus with me jordan and micah?
I choose to love the sons of bitches who plot my downfall by adding Chevron fuel to they're fire.
Already been to Home Depot twice today.
You're welcome! Glad you could take advantage of the program!
It's cool. Aggregation just screams data. If I was going to do something like that I'd focus on industry over region.
sometimes I set a trap for it! It can be hard to find bait for Inspiration though....
I beg to differ. Team Slayer on Turf as we speak.
hey. Hope you're having a good weekend.
hahaha that's a good way to wake up!:)
Well I'm proud of you puss! lmbo
Rondo mixed the fuck outta the hawks
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 26
Nothing to lose. Yeah I saw them on the nightmare after Christmas tour. I respect your views but your wrong sir.
Yeah I know It'd be great! :)
Anyone know whether #borders is honoring gift cards?
Lets get Justin to 18 million followers on his 18th birthday :)
holy crap. Think I saw you. Were you carrying a child on your shoulders?
I thought I'd be good at knitting. I have patience, I like making, many moons ago I painted etc. But knitting irritates the hell out of me!!
maybe I should do a hunting and gathering class and we can go pick them...the non-trippy ones of course!
#MarchMadness starts in 26 days. Looking forward to seeing our go far.
am i younger or older than your significant other?
I may become an iphone user by the end of this year...hm...
Snow in Seattle! Only 11 hours later then our weathermen predicted. Bravo media alarmists!
30 more minutes at #coconutgrove bank (2701 bay shore drive). Come get your ice cream sammie fix!
You will never be lost if you know who you are.
craft ideas
is located at 311 8th St NE Washington, DC. Office hrs are whenever you need us! 8 on a Tues morning or 10 on a Sat night!
If I was a female, i'd be trying to get at eyy beyyyy.
MAGIC/BIRD, the new play about NBA legends Magic Johnson and Larry Bird, starts previews on Broadway tonight!
Only an elitist would argue vs automatic NCAA qualifiers. Norforlk's upset says y this is the premiere sporting event.
Freedom is allowing our students to be who THEY want to be, not who WE think they should be, even if we think that is good4society.
uhh I'll come see my favorite cousin sometime next week (the one coming upp)!!
Mastercard stock (MA) down here at 345 is a screaming buy! Consider call options or bullish call spreads. Very bullish on MA stock!
Yeah you may need to control that... city dogs don't like pissers and barkers lol
: is glad to be on your side helping communities find justice through Shriver Act project
Happy Birthday Have a great day, Puddin'!
write one with us :)
take off your shirt and smell yourself. Then eat some yogurt. Then write a poem about your hot ginger friend. It's Friday.
I think im gonna clean up just a lil bit...yea,the clothes monster is getting outta hand...
Vertigo Happy Hour - Live Music every Friday from 5 - 8 - drink specials and $4 appetizer buffet Make sure & give Rick a kiss!
get out of our motherfucking world bitch and STAY OUT TRAMP
Shana Tova and a Happy New Year =) www.TheSlidersMusic.com
album title: Live Your life, Flash out
That's not fair.
Making Italian beef. Seems cozy and right for a cold night like this.
Many thanks to for helping me make so much progress on my studio. Actual floor and tabletop visible
Just got to meet my little nephew for the first time
oh my gosh, how did it happen? if the feeling doesnt come back soon, u should see a doctor
PLEEAASE FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT<U+21E8><U+21E8><U+21E8><U+21E8><U+21E8><U+21E8><U+21E8><U+21E8><U+21E8><U+21E8><U+21E8><U+21E8> !!<U+30C4> I follow back!
: Wow! Talk about taking me down memory lane...haven't heard that name in forever. Have you visited "Jimmy's" on your tr ...
Thank you, my friend
Grab a camcorder and start filming! Let your creativity flow!
omg this weather is perfect <U+2600>
This week's Hearts of Darkness Community episode might be its best yet. That Dean better get an Emmy!
This should be fun.
Looking forward to The Dirt Drifters tonight at Sycuan!!!
The gas light goes out in the fp & a kit cab door fell off. I feel like the complaints online weren't this bad when we moved in.
His claim is that we learn less from lectures than other methods.I don't see why a single session would be an exception.
oh I do to ! Haha "you sure do got a purdy mouth"
Actually, Hanukkah starts tomorrow night.
what up!!!
: thinking, rather than testing, is the operative word in reforming school education
Absolutely stuffed from the what a wonderful time! Thanks to everyone who made it possible. Check back later for more!
I had an idea in a dream, and it was GOOD.
Lunchtime for me! You know where I'm headed...#SUBWAY! I'm taking advantage of the $5 Jalapeno Tuna footlong because it ends on Saturday!
I'm confused. Are you making fun of a foreign culture, or attacking the decisions of a child?
Gonna check out the National Restaurant Association tradeshow and listen to Slick Willy talk. Yes, I mean Bill Clinton
follow your heart, slay the dragon, free your mind & soul.
why nobody told me baby boy was on sick day movie night
You get the best out of others when you get the best out of yourself. -Harvey S. Firestone
Glad you enjoyed it! Thanks! MT : Really yum dinner of Mahi Mahi at Kramers, followed by caramel frap from Starbucks
Listening to a Brad Hales Thanksgiving '08 funk mix gettin' ready for the party.
yes. Already maxed out both the hyatt 10K and the Marriott megabonus. Have yet to decide where to burn those nights.
Back from Hawaii. The trip was major!
love your work thank you for the follow!
I like his nose! And his teeth and the fact that he's really nice to everyone and he sure cares about all his fans! ;)
Niggars+sex= drama
what is your favorite show?____________ What is your favorite song?____________ What is your favorite thing to do?_______ Reply with answers
« I feel like im never good enough for someone.» !!
I know :/. Biggie smalls is my main man ! Ksat needs to have a reunion asap.
Exude confidence. Network like crazy, have as many options before as you possible. The world will be your buffet
If you're ever in Clearwater, head our way for #FishTacos :) And if you don't, we're donezo
I already mailed my postcard back to the office.
I frickin miss ice cream!!!
RT RT : I'll tell you who #FF . He is a student of silent film and has raised awareness of them via twitter!
i aint gonns front tho. everytime willow uses pounded an in the same sentence- i die a lil inside.
Money from strangers
teams can be 2-4! You can use any mode of transportation to streak! Look forward to seeing you this week!
Movie recommendation is Patrick Swayze in "Dirty Dancing"
what happened?
The lock-in tomorrow should be fun
Andrew Bird is the perfect sunset music at #Coachella!
Thanks for the RT!! BTW haven't seen you ladies in forever!! LOL
I gagged, and when I realized what happened I just started throwing up, the people walking by looked at me crazy..yayyy
yeah we kno :)
I think I have to skip - have an airport cab picking me up here in Berkeley at 6:30.
hitting the stage in a couple hours!
never knew all these facts about saffron! interesting stuff! :)
read more about what I'm doing
miss you lady
Create something that will live forever, a thought, a book, a saying. For in doing this we hold hands with our eternal nature
1 serving of legumes (beans, lentils) 4 times a week can lower the risk of heart disease by 22%. It also reduces the risk of breast cancer
Im joking i know
Is an MFA in musical theatre in your future? RT : #SDSU has the ONLY remaining program. Applications start 10/01/11!
So taking my clothes off.All of em Then, proceeding to take a shower. Then I'll brush teeth..clothes. Voila Just thought u all should know
i have arrived in twitter world
Awesome Tweet!!
Watch this side-by-side contrast of Mitt Romney vs. reality: ttp://OFA.BO/E4bTzv
Black, White, Asian, GREEN... At the end of the DAY we are ALL equal... I put my pants on the same way you do, right? :)
let's keep it that way #swackett!
Buying a new car and here we go, base model does not come with floor mats.
i dont use him for his car, never told him who he can/cant be friends with, nice try. if you don't know what your talking about, dont say it
Everybody forgot the Spurs. They don't have the big name divas, but they grind it out and kick ass....period. I've been saying it all year.
Very informative interview from a true business perspective and an established business minded #Artist #Dope!
great question
Every timeline I have is warped by the excitement over the weather.
Fun! We had a liquor package but arranged for all Napa wines to ensure we liked everything :) That was fun shopping
We're back at home on Sat., Oct 22nd vs Sacramento at Sam Boyd. Get your tix - call 739-FANS.
Internal struggle, buy cute shoes or be responsible and save my money?
Sometimes I wish I were a little kid again, skinned knees are easier to fix than broken hearts.
u already know im #addicted to you
she didn't do anything to you. You keep bothering her.
More appropriately "Wish" I could see the #SBOE docu and "can't wait for it to come to Texas!" : See 4 me at Tribeca!
Anyone know if Marcus Easley is allowed to participate in #Bills rookie minicamp? Not a rookie, I know, but with injuries he basically is.
Most male orgasms in one hour: 16.
Aw! Twitter is not the same without you! I know what you mean though- life gets hectic.
Went to the Jimmy Fallon taping the other night. The Guests were aiiggght but the Roots jammed out as usual :)
#AlexFollowMe (: it would make my day! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Its killing me. I feel a pain in my chest.
Wine Making in MN. Right now on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS.
given equal funding, consumer research can be more innovative/successful than military research applied to consumer applications.
In Frisco, height of storm ,husband held his ground at a business dinner. Neither rain nor winds nor tornados....thats Texas business folks!
New plan for practice: Swim for an hour and walk to . It's been a long week. :)
Idk what that means but I'm betting it isn't good...Why did you Tweet it to the world if you didn't want replies? Makes no sense.
the street team makes it happen
aw I'm sorry!
ok my names diffrent !its s'hani !(:
I'll have to reply "just kidding" and see if that works
Bag of money remix coming ur way nigga
Sexual homicide conf at Binghamton U. I al going to use that hashtag #shc2011 I will probably be the only one tweeting.
Believed in ourselves when nobody else believed us
The length of your "About me" section on Facebook is directly proportional to how annoying you are in real life.
I also wonder what other people are posting to #postsecret. Guess I'll run and check.
I took Brennan Boesch out of my lineup today. So, the rest of you should definitely keep him in cause I'm good like that.
quite lovely
chris brown
i think im gonna go kill myself for hanging up on the guy LOL
#ICantStandPeople who complain about their grade in front of me and it's higher than mine and they know that my score is lower -__-
yeah they would!! She rocks!
off to camp for the weekend !! have a look at their site - maybe you can help ! www.comfortzonecamp.org
We are cooking up the greatest slow dance contest in history for the 27th. sandy, remember our blues 69?
Just registered for Secrets of Engagement webinar on April 19 w/, and - bit.ly/gJTU81
I Think u r an AMAZING,TALENTED,SMART and BEAUTIFUL DANCER!!!It would be so awesome if u RT or followed me!?! :)))) plz <3333
Indiana - my Godson's First Communion is tomorrow.
this is pretty serious! good work.
BRAND NEW HOMES STARTING AT $214,900 IN GREAT NEIGHBORHOODS! www.everetthomesnw.com
Life is a promise fulfill it.
Yeah, but it was way money oriented. The original Traffik series was much better and didn't depend on pretty faces.
RT : I <U+2661> Harry Potter Movies.
saweet...where did you eat?
think of the RHCC as Your Business Matchmaker!
State tests tomorrow , part 2 :p goodnight !
My sister is a straight out COCK BLOCK. -,-. Goodbye ratchet , bye
On my way to school :(
We hear everything. Especially the sound of scripts being dropped because the weather ran long.
You know who has the best tweets,? <-- go follow her,! Go go go,!
oh, well I DO love a good joke :p
Stop watching TV though our windows and come inside already!
I was standing right there 0:
No! They didn't kill Kenny after all!
Iced my arm - icy hot - ace bandage - now off to bed
Decided to stop looking to find out who unsubscribes from my list. Feels good.
Blurry avi's= cheap phones
Still wondering when will follow me :')
My hdline: Mpls skyways calm as fragile land-4-peace deal holds btwn Am Cancer Scty (daffodils) & Girl Scouts (cookies). Buy both!
Hit the nail on the head... With twitter nowadays it's get on board or get left behind!
do you still keep in touch with KoRn? I know David is chillin at his restaurant in Huntington Beach!
Football. Bears games and yards gained? Body: collect/measure heights and weights? Fast food: fat grams and calories?
Short is making his way toward the front
Yummy chicken and dumplings (:
Jason, how is it going? Just checking up, I have not heard from you in a while.
I am bored. Twitter! Entertain me!!!
I thought so too!
trying to clear up everything at work and home so I can go on vacation with a clear conscious!
Sounds like a Kings game there ;) Well not as loud...but....
Just make sure he doesn't lift the salt and pepper shakers, like my grandmother.
Yay! Lots of visitors are coming! I love my soul family.
Shot selection is so important and magnified so much in the playoffs.
heh. aw, sorry! I so wish we were all going together.
Worked on 'Suck City' last night. Just watching DeNiro and Dano go at it was worth the 6AM call time and 8 hours in holding prior to that.
How long into the season until #jets fans are calling for #tebowtime #gobills #supermario!
Check yes or no is probably the cutest song in the world
That said 2 more days of work and then mini vacation! San Diego for a couple days with Fun and relaxation.
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us ! Now go play games.
Simple healthy living tip for today: Put on your sneakers & walk around one of the 251 local parks, 15 preserves or 40 greenbelts. Free fun!
Congrats to former Mayfield Trojan Edgar Castillo for being called up to the US men's national team for its game vs. Mexico!!
i need more followers
What does everyone have the most problems with when it comes to security systems?
Can't wait for the No. 6 series against Virginia this weekend! Best way to celebrate St.Patty's day, at the ballpark
You can write the word "country" into your song as many times as you'd like, but that don't make it so.
I knew that. I was trying to make you trend. : )
I don't wear pants because they keep me too honest but I'm going to use her logic from now on! ;)
what's that? :/
It's an uber-comfy Casual Friday in my Habitual jeans.
Thank you friend! :)
finally on the train.. Idiots have the friggin heat on!
RT : Craft your taste for a good brew at Beer Week: In honor of Tampa's first Beer Week, why not can your usual brand......
Thank you for the mention! Hope you are enjoying your Sunday!
I'll take care of you
Those days when you qet lonely . (sigh)
Play dead
What makes this day different from all other days?
Commission will make preliminary recommendations to Governor by Dec. 2012. Randi weingarten also on commission
Thanks lady :)
you cant come doe?
I don't get cell service in our hotel room. But I'm so posses about AI results.
I like when it rains on Sundays too idk lol
Ladies a dude that stops playing call of duty to txt u bak or call u. oh yeah he loves u
Thanks, Shelby!
We also have the sale of the house and the write of from the new house, and a disability write off.
OMFG REALLY?!? Wow #parents #these #days!!! Pissing me off
TY luv! you do the same.
Agreed. “: BEING JOHN MALKOVICH blu-ray is crazy beautiful.”
I swallowed an iceberg and it got a Myles headache.
Happy because of you
Black April
I used Reliable Delivery. A couple minor things, but recommend. I tipped about $70 for 3 movers.
I was overwhelmed and frankly scared as hell because I really fell for you.
put in!!!! Shoulda been done a long time ago!
Great Riding!
we have good and bad news
I hope 's decision to make its 2011 holiday can look like a throwback can doesn't send anyone into hypoglycemic shock
Can you take ownership of a property without having them recorded with your local assessor? True or False. Answer in a few hours.
Follow us back and we'd be glad to! Thanks!
I really need more girls as friends
Ugh, paying parking tickets sucks.
Stooges w/Kirby Tonight-Chandler, AZ-They just moved us to a bigger theater. We have more seats available! Better hurry! Show starts at 7!
cant wait to go to hs and have a "fresh start"!!
well, well, well...
whoops... i fibbed. we're still in indiana. it was a sign for chicago not the city. lol
You go to Danville..
I don't even know what that means, MAN! I'm only on chapter 2 and I want to cry. Aren't they supposed to be "regular" expressions??
Sorority remakes girl&#39;s bedroom in Clemson theme
Sitting back tonight then heading back to Atlanta in the a.m. finally!
Don't trust shit. Even the devil was an angel.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception. Groucho Marx
HEY i'm in the program office, enjoying my first day as the Biz Kids Real program assistant.
DID YOU KNOW?! "Slugs have 4 noses" YOU'RE WELCOME!
albeit a bad investment, lots of people get savings bonds for the child.
find me here this weekend !
I sound like an addict..
was a class night. was sick this morning though :-(
I stopped after 3 but I'll just count one of those for you lol
It's not about having that plan, it's about explaining that plan and Mitt Romney failed communication 101 in college.
Rob Wilson way to represent the number 33.
We need to let them know where we're at!
This Complete EZMarketing Tool.Tell me What U Think?My E: Dmand Webinar www.Video-TV-Email.com
Yes!!! Max Browne!
I hate waking up and realizing all the time I spent with him was a dream :'(
They got pharmahacked a while back; I think they cleaned the site but may not have asked the Goog for a recrawl.
MT : We declare this Friday to be Hoosier Nation Day! All loyal #IU fans should wear cream & crimson.
Hows #lacrosse camp going? Are you playing varsity next year?
Of course! Shot four rolls of 120 slide film (Fuji Provia) and two rolls of 120 Kodak Portra 400.
Hate to burst your bubble re: Maggette, but...
Yes, we are open Mon-Sun 10-6 except for a few holidays throughout the year.
They're over and done with. They both moved on. Stop hating on her.
Last week to claim #Boston #Sales Guy off waivers. I'm not the guy with a whale on his shirt, I'm just the guy who gets the whale:) New
i love late night showers.(:
Right back at ya!
Next weekends honestly going to be the best weekend ever.
thats not my life
Did you notice that every speaker at CPAC used a TelePrompTer? I'm waiting for the outrage and jokes from FOX...oh wait...
Sitting with the amazing Dr. Bob Christensen. Author of #FDA You wer WRONG! #activistpost his book is a MUST for you....
God gave us memories that we might have roses in December
Is your pool open yet ?
It is considered taboo for a respectable Romanian woman to perform oral sex.
Who's coming out to WEE Showcase July 30th, bring the kids and shop your heart out. 9am to 1pm free prize giveaways music and much more!!!!
Lin is the man!
The #2010cw150 Signature Conference was a great success! If you have any questions, comments, or feedback about the event, tweet them!
bahaha. i love you. the tornado alarm goes off across all of columbus, perhaps all of Ohio at noon every wednesday.
Miller: dbpedia diagram as ex of diverse range of organizations exposing data as linked data
Im late hearing about this, but I heard a third Harold and Kumar is coming out! HELL YA
Tebow now plays for Rex Ryan's Jets. Which means he'll finally have a chance to be the player he was meant to be... a middle linebacker.
$10 STUDENT TICKETS for all Hawaii Symphony concerts. All ages. In advance or at box office 2 hrs before concert. Call 593-9468. Pls RT.
Great...let us know how it goes :-)
Sure. But it's all they know. For some, it's all they're capable of in that moment b/c they are already in a prison of some sort
lol trust me if u were here i would be okay with not sleeping!
Here are a few of the results that really stood out to me.
LetterThree provides customizable workshops for your counselors. Visit us online at letter-three.net.
Bring it back brewers!!
But as Justin said : kill them with kindness!
RT : thanks Javier! I should mention it here on my feed I s'pose: a review of Landscape Futures
Starting the day off by watching the director's cut of last night's PARKS AND REC.
LAWL at if your parents ever saw your
TGIF! can't believe Patchwork is Sunday! & taco surf will be on hand to fill LB bellies. YUM!
Amazing Universal Studio!
of course! :)
Puerto Rican puta, thick as a chalupa!
12 hour sale 4 work = being killed ):
Happy Thanksgiving!
And suddenly, everything is a little better.
no problem
Listen. I have a friend. His name is Justin Bieber. And he tells me, you know what he tells me? "never say never."
you girls better make it on time!!!!!!
She said there's 18 questions so probably 3or4 but I could be wrong!
Online communities need to be managed on a weekly basis: activities, topics, discussions etc.
Lloyd seems to be not helping this team!!!
Treat it as you would a highly expensive piece of wood furniture.
RT : there is way too much positivity in my life for the negative.
Azarenka sounds like a wild turkey
Our 4th Annual Bev Hills trip starts now!
By the way we do other things that just hire people. Who needs a good ER diversion program. Save your members time and money.
When they're allowed to date. So, 30. RT Quick Poll: At what age should children be allowed to have their own cel phone?
I applied season 1 made it to vid submission rnd says reapply as there are new producers each season!
“: Bubba Watson No. 1on PGA Tour in driving distance,No.165 in putting andNo.1 in money winnings.so much for putting for dough
I'm drinking an English #beer, London Pride, for St. Patrick's Day. Is that a problem? Can't we all just get along?
hey insight! Do you have any internship or job opportunities available at your Carlsbad office? Would LOVE to apply!
Little annies!! Aspen! Best burger!!
Why is it that it's socially acceptable to constantly push religion on people who don't want it?
It's official. The is open! Come see us by the Racing Pigs and get your raffle tickets and pull tabs.
Was Sam Walton burning compassion and vision to force 10,000 Mom and Pop (and kids) stores out of business? Or was it cheaper paper towels?
just booked my WSOP housing , any other poker players staying there for the summer?
omg, i wish i were there with you to see that. i took the hotel shuttle :P
Looking for something to do? Author Michael #Chabon is speaking in Blackman at 7p, get your literature on!!
It can be so very expensive for a musicians to record music!
yes! #ringer got increasingly better throughout the season.
Whats up World.... Whats going on out there?
Meat's lookin' fresh and delicious today. Come eat at San Su!
There he go that's John doe
Putting together Halloween hotspots...who's got a suggestion?
Summer Shows with Built To Spill! June 22nd -Boston, MA. June 23rd -Philadelphia, PA!.. more to come..
i just got this one tuogh prof. and two internships so its a little much.. but i got fridays off so ill be straight
Does that twitter fav to diigo feature auto-tag the links with a specific tag?
XoXo cn't get on all accounts
OMG!! you forgot to kiss before you left!!:(
Save the date! Free Comedy! 3/5 8pm Catch & moi + more at HOME restaurant in Silverlake.
.yay early spring for Milwaukee ... :) ...wait we have gotten dumped on with snow in may already lol...
What about me? RT : when i get to my 1000th tweet Im gonna dedicate it to because i cherish her.
It's a great day to enjoy a meal or cool drink on Californos shaded front sidewalk cafe! Bethany is serving so come in and see us today!
Big Rochester real estate news. Remax First and Remax Realty group merge! Wow!
i hope today is a better day because yesterday i kinda hated you.
she said, "oh so you just done with us, I love you tho..." well that makes one of us.
Good luck in the run!
ben a very long day but I luv my job :) 2moro is bingo & snickerdoodles had a gr8 coloring party 2day
Sometimes, when you give up on someone, it’s not because you don’t care anymore. It's because you realize that they don’t
Cause yesterday C R A C K E D
SHUT IT DOWN. RT : get after it - shut it down. Monday doesn't have anything on you!
So excited to announce our partnership with for an event on May 10!
They should have used cooke for that last try! #pens I thought they would have at least o_O
So I figured I would flirt with all the attractive older men on twitter. Celebrity and non. You know I like the 30's age.
Nope, #Cloud s are created by convective currents created by surface (grassroots) heating.
hahahaha you're so hard on yourself, idk I thought you two were like the most amazing thing ever at camp, haha.
Would that be an argument for regulation?
Babys are cool but I don't want one anytime soon!
it's a little of both. either way, work what you've got.
Bring Your Own Bitch? ;)
also-- I'd like you better as I'm looking forward to when you are back to your normal energetic level of blogging & tweeting.
have you noticed that its the end of February, and all this crap (natural disasters, death, murders) has happened in these short 2 months.
Edna and Flanders got married?
Third: Remedy Christmas Service tonight at 7pm at Grant Line UMC!
Its simple Join us & for #MVPFridays No gimmicks no hassle just a plain ol' time Hit us up & well see you tonight
I saw free drinks and I replied right away. In my next gig I want to work for the project that puts on happy hours
I take that back only a few songs are good haha
I graduated last year. When I when I did play tho the furthest we went was the second round of districts. Lol.
Steak & Liquor, sounds like a good night!
have you met
Can 1 call oneself a Pakistani if 1 is diametrically opposed 2 it's essence & reject its core purpose ?
follow back
Good morning yall!
Schools for fools jk just want out that's all
People this days, ....
that looks disgusting awesome hahah I want one right meow
Good thing HP is getting out of the PC business. This mini freezes all the time. Damn, Chicago scored
Or, just take them out, open the case for some shiny "disk drive sculpture art". Great paperweights too. :-)
Happy mothers day to all the REAL mothers the 24/7 mothers and not the ones who slack off and let their mothers do they job lol :))
Aimee Mann was amazing!
RT : Top 10 Social Media Events that Shook the World: 9. Hurricane Irene, Tweets echoed those about Japanese earthquake....
My last apartment in Waco had a sugar ant infestation. We couldn't exterminate them, so I just learned to love them.
Change occurs when one becomes what he is, not when he tries to become what he is not.
Pi day. Nerds around the world unite.
Do you ever contribute to charities? How do you feel about it?
I always miss Justin being online.
top of the morning to you, fellow tweeters. come check out the #fayetteville museum of art today. we've got a FREE & engaging exhibit! ...
I'm bored. Gonna go look for something to wear tomorrow
About to go to bed.
Volvo's Mean Green semi breaks records in Utah - AutoWeek
Hey let me ask y'all this, why are kids more sensitive nowaday when we're not as hard on them anymore? Isn't that backwards?
Stuck in protest traffic.
Wishing all my new #unisa friends a safe trip home to South Africa - Totseins!!
my bet is another 'non-traditional' buyer will acquire DSC. Sorta like Home Depot picking up Red Beacon.
nice to see local people from cincinnati on twitter
Trying out #cocktail recipes for #summer #Cocktail #Challenge Trying to win a trip to
Simple example: I don't care that Ashton Kutcher is making a sandwich. I do care that POTUS is meeting with world leader.
Yeezy taught you WELL.
when gold increased so much,it was one of the indicators that our markets were very unstable,hold on,we're in the double dip now
What's the difference between "supernatural" and "paranormal?"
I missed it! I kept running into people I knew and got too chatty. Oh well!
How do you know that he has never taken any PED's? Many take them and never get caught.
Oracle Expands Communications Portfolio With New Netra x86 Servers
because you're not so secretly ghetto! I do watch them and I often tell ppl, "I'm rich, bitch."
Thanks for the follow..following you too...
It is hard to find stuff. I feel like a lot of stuff that goes in the print edition isn't online right away.
"All a man can betray is his conscience." - Joseph Conrad
Lets get this straight ive always been a knick fan I don't wan anyone hoping the bandwagon if they win.
Leslie Smith says to come down to the square on a vibrant day and see how great it is. That's our true potential
I told you No Faith in Haith
keep up all the great work you've done! :D
What a day! Sad to see bb/bkb Aaron Quintanilla's HS career over , but he starred today on the diamond for Clear Lake. So proud of him!
for my investors please keep in mind that i will only be playing the 7pm tourney tonight if i get knocked out before 7pm in the 4pm $340
how hot is Leslie Fraziers seat?
That was one heck of a Round 1...
Wow Brandon Marshall is a bitch nigga
Realize what your priorities are before you let something important slip away
I be like wtf he be on! lmfao
serenity can be found in the midst of madness if you seek it!
Haha they come in black but I'm not sure the Cat Eye shape will work well on you. Lol
i'm teaching a bunch of second grade ESL students about spelling via sounding out words via #acappella (sounding out sounds?) in like 9 hrs
They do. You now have 230 characters for your next tweet.
That is a GREAT video! Thanks for sharing! :)
you in ten years
Not just buzz: Blake Griffin's Optima dunk led to 24% jump in sales. (&was his idea!)
Oh! I had no idea Philippa Gregory was doing a teen series. She does historical fiction so well!
“Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circles of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of
I don't hardly tweet as much as I used to.
People come in and out your life for a reason
If you count Riggs as a Dem and Huber as a Repub, 685,356 voted Dem today vs. 631,380 GOP in governor
Where you at Gosling?
Major cockroach infestation in YA area. Your best suggestions for convincing teens to stop eating in library?
Keep hanging onto the words of saw him speak at event last night in Oxnard..wow..he is the real deal!
The Girltalk opera?
38 Baylor Alumni in the family compared to the 1 Tech student... #defeat. I'm hopin for a big win! Wreck 'em Tech!!
Being hateful doesn't make me forget and it certainly doesn't make me hate you
She telling me we shouldn't do it but I told her listen to your heart cause yo head can guide you wrong
BB #live real
I agree with on this!!!! It'll look amazing. You'll be fucking flawless.
106 & Park W.O.W
Easter is such a strange holiday.
Never seen that one. I've wanted to but just never have.
Thanks for the follow - love your twitter handle :-)
How'd everyone do in their #FantasyFootball match-ups this week?
9/2/2010 Survey: Small biz still slow to hire Boston Herald
Snarky pop culture tweets of 2010s=useful knowledge of the 1930s
Got it. Now that you mention it, it couldn't hurt to have a tech only twitter feed. Thanks! Will keep you posted.
Whhhhhhoooooo me to! Its gonna be AMAZING!!
Having a #30Rock moment
My big bro is going and I am so jealous and I said if you are close enough have Crosby sign my penguin shirt!!!!?!:-D
California growers are waiting for frost season to pass (flowering and bloom in the clear) before setting new prices on contracts
Just found out im not going camping next weekend.. At least im going the weekend after
the dreamer -Newt - has finally awaken???
Twitterverse: Does anyone know if Gold's Gym does month-to-month memberships?
SOUL SOUL SOUL
yep gotta put em away though
Did you know? When your concert recording is cataloged, you can search yourself as an author in Infolinks!
You can't make the same mistake twice. The second time you make it, it's no longer a mistake. It's a choice.
"Algorithms are just frolicking in the mountains of data that they can play with."
Forgot how much I truly enjoy taking back sunday until last night. Oh how I've missed them!
just making moves!!!!!
Proposing a writing studio on digital storytelling, inspired by #elcc12 session this morning. Also created a storified account.
The US State Dept has confirmed reports that the FBI was assisting Nigerian authorities in their attempts to respond to Boko Haram violence.
A jellyfish is 95% water.
If I get hit by a car while trying to avoid a charity mugger, can I sue the ?
Do you work near by? We're hoping to have some of the trucks around more regularly. Thanks for coming yesterday, and stay tuned!
Brand new twitter account. Looking forward to see how I can use this! :-)
You can look at other parts of the document, too, of course. :)
hey how is your day, can we meet we would like to be featured in your blog!
#EqualPayChat-Friday 4.20.12 Twitter Chat w/ DOL & National Equal Pay Task Force-Email Qs b/4 event sent to
Oh my gosh I can totally find that out for you!
that is so true! that's why I like the Frederick Douglas quote: " what is possible for me is possible for you! love you Nicki!
maybe he was powerful in a soulful way, like buddhist powerful… so Oolong tea.
Confirmed reports from #Syria: Doctors treating the wounded are being targeted by #Assad forces with beatings, torture, and murder.
I was bout to put up dis other pic as my twitter avi but its was a lil TOO much for virgin eyes so guess yall gona hav to settle 4 dis gud 1
Wow, FactCheck!Paul showed up tonight, too!
#milwaukee We had our holiday dinner today. Pizza, chicken, salad, pasta salad, sweets and more! We thank our employees for
First casting call and I got the part!!! :-)
I'm a fan n that schedule is a joke, when do we get a tougher schedule so when playoffs come around they don't think its a cakewalk
Congrats! Now if they would bring Bill Clement back as the color analyst...
okay! Sounds good, I usually get home around 8:45 is that okay?
course has been called "Hypertext and Literature." I was thinking of changing to just "Electronic Literature." Maybe not?
Never heard it before but now listening to the whole thing and, damn, it's what I needed right now.
I don't usually do this, but....
It's 9am and we have an hour till doors open for the last day!
I dreamt that I was dancing tango... This hasn't happened in my dreams or reality for a long time. I was at peace, for a moment.
bobble head.... freaking creepy.
I don't think the Bus would support it unless they are perennial contenders. If its not OSU football, many don't care.
Working in the studio
looking forward to orientation this week and getting classes started.
About to watch that epi from last night, son!
lol -_- shoulda just called I was the only one here
#InMiddleSchool I felt like I went to a farm school with a bunch of rednecks
Lots of birthday's this week - WOW! What is the best gift you ever received or gave?
I do too...except for the part where I don't want it to end.
: u were lmfao. And i lost out right before quall rounds sadly, but i still got two more years(: and policy's harder to q ...
Captin america <3 favorite super hero.
I have negative room to talk.
Love our Baby Back BBQ Ribs?? Then you'll Love today's Torta, Mango Habanero BBQ Pulled Pork with Mexican Slaw served on a Mexican Roll.....
Still trying to figure out y I bought 72 army men for $2 at Target. War anyone?
The #IRS Tax filing deadline is Tuesday, April 17...now is the time to start organizing your receipts!
At the Gen44 Mid-Atlantic Reception at the Howard Theatre waiting to hear Vice President Joe Biden speak!
Am I watching the celtics or red claws? Holy
Memories take us back; Dreams take us forward<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I am a fan of outdoor cookery.
oh.. ok , i understand
Follow back we have the pink dolphin acct Thanks :)
thanks so much to everyone who came to the Fundraiser for State Senator Chris Marr last night!
Surely God meant to get a Backstreet Boy instead. Well said :
How do parents o to bed so early?
Whats everyone doing tonight?
Working on new music
Thanks for following! My cousins are really in to hockey & we like the SJ Sharks here at Graystone :) Looking forward to connecting
Muriel - impatience of despotic influence
Thanks for the kind words!
I vote for BOTH the henna tattoo and the kickboxing!
DUDE. Connor is moving to Oregon!
Wonders if there's a 12 step program for stupid people.
Yes, and most of all to hopefully be a positive light to others. (:
if you need to know how to be a millionaire, I can help. Skyrim is a game that I choose to not google and find more about.
Hope everyone had a great holiday season! Now its time for a new year! =D
“: is the man!” I got you homie!
Unless you change how you are, you will always have what you've got. Jim Rohn
bout to roll up
My bf didn't even text me yet O.o
turns the discussion to social/environmental justice issues.
its all because of GOD <3
thanks for the love!
RT : Spotify. Shopify. Abilify. Is life is merging into 1, synchronous dance where startups & pharmaceuticals sound the same?
Wonderful meeting! So nice to meet you. Thanks for all your patience with us!
Like I can't stay on one subject while Thnkn
We have #Playaway accessories, check them out. #Earbuds, #headphones, #replacement battery door covers and much more. www.showcases1.com
#Ravens will have 1st Full training camp practice on July 26th. Only Mandatory OTA is June 12th
See you tonight @ Woodruff Park!! W.outofhandtheater.com FREE FLASH MOB STARTS AT 7pm
Hey yall.....Come and stay with us...great deals..Twitter rate of $59.99!!!!
hearts jordan!
I've never been one of those people
“ It's a good day to delete your ex..from your phone, Facebook, memory, & heart. Make room for new love to arrive. #TheSW”
Current line of showers is falling thru St Cloud. In the metro this afternoon. The beginning of lunch at least dry!
Obama's not going to lose the "Flip-Flop" battle w Romney. But now that he "officially supports" marriage equality, where's the beef?
where are youu??
Pics or it didn't happen. #jokes “: Today marks the first day of my acting career lol #makingmaydays #MayDays ”
Marta Tellado of on communications in #philanthropy: "Print is not dead...but PDFs are."
7% left of battery juice.....
Have a great night #Maddow fans!
So much great information, ideas, programs, all with cell phones. Kids have access 24/7, all educational.
I can't wait to see the film. Phil Spector is a complicated genius. A lot of his troubles stem from a head injury.
“ eye to eye cheek to cheek side by side you were sleeping next to me”
#iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo Welcome to our world of 140 characters. Thank you kindly for the follow! Love,
#TheBoondocks need to make more episodes one of my favorite cartoons EVER!!!
RT if no one understands you.
yea, well in the process I lost my girlfriend, but she just wants me to get bttr
Thanks for the RT!
It is always raining when I come to Red Derby.
Met a guy doing toughmudder tomorrow! #sopumped!
Congrats to my brother from another slash real cousin for passing the NY State Bar Exam. It's official that he's an Esquire now :)
Hope, Inspiration, Diversity, etc :) Just a few, to keep it short and simple! :)
Business, that's easily defined - it's other people's money. Peter Drucker
The day I start picking up shifts.. I start feeling really sick :( all drugged up and headed to joes. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A5>
Running in a tank top and shorts in March. #Crazy but I love it :)
#HowToGetRejected ask me to borrow money to pay your child support....
Who's up?(: Tweet me!
Good morning ladies & gentleman! Step right up to Slackers R Us... It's gonna be a long damn day!!! Guess I better go find those squirrels.
It may seem strange, perhaps, that I had not noticed this before
Living for me so screw you.
maybe i could be a counsellor in high school
How come I know that when I click on your twitpics, it's going to be junk food?
A huge thanks to for their help with the holiday assistance gift card drive for students &families
Rumors got me laughing kid...l o l
planning to see it after exams..glad it's good..
k let me know
#Rihanna - Goldie Hawn wants ger look back
It's a lotta bad bitches in the building
It was a great night at the Fishers GOP meeting.
workin on hits!!!
you're welcome(: and thankss(:
it.was.horrible. If your kids ever need horror stories about what happens when you Don't go to the dentist - send them my way
thinkin of a master plan........
"Forepaw arched, eager eyes, I set upon the day's sparrow as a swallowtail lands upon a limb of box elder..."
Mission Mitsubishi Pleased With Their Outlander Sport &amp; Mitsubishi i-MiEV April Sales
Love your style!!!!
this summer fashooo!
Barrera: "If we're going to do right by our kids, we need to work together as adults"
It's okay Pluto, I'm not a planet either.
follow back
that's what I meant
hope to see you guys this Friday!
Welcome to TSU! If you are a therapist looking for an opportunity or a site that needs one, we can help! www.TherapySolutionsUnlimited.com
My tan, so I am usually tan! :D Everyone at school always asks how I'm so tan and I have to explain it a gazillion times! :P
I think I'll be around, but I'm not entirely sure. what about you, ?
GPaltrow in chunky knit top layered over skinny jeans, with gray scarf, black boots & Balenciaga tote. Cool look!
My Twitter Routine ....Check For New followers, Check Mentions, Check DMs , Check & <3 #Belieber #Mahomie :)))
another all nighter ;)
omg fredo, u gonna kill me :D this way ur gonna kill me, oh if i catch you <U+266B> lol
MAMBO/Salsa dancing in Chicago tonite, 9pm - 1am, at MMA Dance Studio, 2355 N. Milwaukee!
Beer here.
old knives and pens right?
ma'am I got a job at enterprise.
yeah, me too.
driving thru Cleveland. might as well listen to my boy mgk
No matter how many times I see The Green Mile, you will always see me crying!
Margarita's?
I think Tony's got this in the bag
I suspect it's the software outpacing the hardware. I am overdue for an upgrade anyhow, I guess, but the 1G iPad has been great.
I'm punch u in yur eye ball
Final day of class....
You are a terrific asset to GMA. I never miss an episode and especially appreciate your contributions to the program.
"I can't believe Gloria Estefan is Santana's mom..." really ?? really?
#mdcsymposium What about virtual worlds? Other than gaming & some fringe groups, this doesn't seem to have caught on w/ millennials. Why?
LOL JESSICA AND MORE
Lol this nigga got me rolling!
Isn't the WSJ whining when responding to the article? (Also, the sarcasm is wearing thin)
I am getting fat :/
Researchers at Case Western Reserve U link a mother’s pregnancy-related gingivitis & the death of her fetus. Obst & Gyn Feb 2010
baby yu had such a pretty pretty pretty face but boy you was a pretty pretty big waste of my time.!
YOU ARE A TRUE HERO!
That album is still in my ears once a week.
Nice work w/ the audio! We're missing Derrick like everybody. #Bulls must persevere!
"Cute brunette" - woot!!
Love you both more than you know!!
yeah, the iPhone 4, and the iPad have been the most well made and reliable and useful pieces of technology I've ever had.
eqlrecords.com #HOTNEWMUSIC Check it out! S/O
seeders cute
#RESPECT RT : All Tht & A Damn Broken Hand Whachu Got Kobe.!!!
Sons & I are leaving the safe confines of Sec 124 for the Nordecke on Flogging Molly night. See y'all then if not before.
NEED to know are the DALLAS cowboy's SUPER bowl BOUND??
CORONER: Shooting victim, described by witnesses as gang member, had tattoo "loved by few hated by many" on stomach.
of coarse on the day in not there ...
Try and do something today that you are good at. Even it's just #WWF. It will improve your mood.
ah okay. swag...I guess. Lol
Pale blue skies, open roads hugged by woods, classic rock, wasabi peas. Perfect road trip weather.
Ikram has a picture of your butt in her phone... HAHAHAHAHAH.
Ah, those noble savages in the Far East!
Me, in a magazine! AGHHH! This is awesome.
Say something in like 20 minutes omg<333
You don't need much gym time ledia...I see u tryna get ridiculous fo the summer huh!?..lol.
thanks! Refueling with lots of beer!
I thought you were there already
Thx. Checking it out now.
Everyone's in a bad mood at work tonight except me.
Is that good?
hmm but I love my HTC EVO .. do u have a waterproof case in it or something
Maybe, maybe not. RT : A single conversation across the table with a wise man is worth a month's study of books.
what I just can't go and walk into your room when your not there. What time are you gonna get home?
April 2003: Mike Mussina and Kevin Brown record their 200th victories in back to back games, the first teammates in ML history to do so.
Madison SPJ brings to the WNA/AP convention ... Non-profit news: What you need to know about 'free' media begins at 10:30.
So basically, justins gonna be on SNL for a little with usher. nice. :)
Best thing I heard today (so far) "you look like a pinterest outfit" thanks Elaine! I try ;)
JUST WHEN U TOLD ME WERE LIKE BONNEY AND CLIDE U CHANGE
A gussied-up site & more info about THATCampVA: December 18th-19th. News about our BootCamp (Dec. 17th) coming soon!
Sure thing Hun, hang in there!
this is way too sad!
S/o to and Amber (I can't find her twitter) for the amazing support they give me in my career
WE WANT TEASER!!
Wow Luz.. What you said it's true. O_O
Watching #CA. you better make it in the final two!
Oh. I'm experienced at using that form. Trust me. :-p
S/o to my new follower
lol mane chk craigslist...aint much i can do 6 hours away but ebay lol
At with - because we can. Like we need more sugar.
My mother deserves a whole month for everything she does for me.
I was amazed (plesantly) to pay a fine at the public library online with a credit card this week.
ugh so hot
follow bieberarmy he always creeps and follows people following them.
iworked last friday but ididnt come in till 7
Happy cinco de mayo!!
Who's responsible for the incorrect produce labeling? Organic is conventional. Conventional is treated, messed with, altered.
You are quite welcome! Thanks for stopping by.
Check out Debut EP "Prayers" dropping tonight at midnight!!!
ask and ye shall receive. haha. Looking forward to it doods!
My son went back to school, 6 weeks untill summer vacation.
Thanks for the follow. I look forward to your tweets. I'd be interested in info about social media policies and the classroom.
hahaha Emma Ostilly is trending.. get prepared to receive loads of hate!
Why are you at work this week?
About to watch a scary movie...but still a little tipsy for the bar...did that shadow just move?
The Number 1 key to success in business is to implement your ideas as fast as possible. Don't just sit there get started! : )
Great variety and Mix today! You covered a few generations! Love it as usual.
Wow what a bad bunt by CI
Network News: Riverbed, Cisco, Broadcom - Data Center Knowledge
#Sweet! I only get to watch 1 quarter of #Bulls - #Sixers ... "63-63" Oh so enticing, Eastern Conference #NBA Playoffs.
Hey Terri
Yeah you did!! :) RT : Just down loaded some
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. :)) -Ghandi
It's a great day for #PhillyJazz ! Happy Jazz day !
Long story short: he dies
As is Bart Simpson! RT : Did you know? That all of the Rugrats babies were voiced by girls?
tired and frustrated, but no longer hungry. How's Michelle tonight?
Deal. Just make sure they don't have one for me.
look it up.. I got it cause im always on the go its just like fb checkin
I have P.M.A. (Positive Mental Attitude). I'm positive. I'm mental. And I KNOW I have attitude.
no I am a mets fan so let me get your number so I could make you be a mets fan lol
For about 10 seconds, I made the guitar sound like I knew what I was doing. #cantwaituntiliplaychords!
OH: I'm not here to get you to drink the koolaid
can we drink tonight? I need to consume my feelings
It's been a tough week to be a Crew fan, but--call me crazy--I guarantee the Brewers won't lose tonight.
Allen one ups themselves everytime I come back and that stadium tho...
RT "Diana Ross is at The Palace tonight. That's cool." Great show so far!!! Already into 3rd wardrobe change!
The perks of being a part of #TeamMEB ... You will be feeling the love soon coach!
I'm so bored, best frand comin over lata.
I NEED to understand why there are so many blowouts during this playoffs... WTF is happening
It's not that I want to be serious. I would just like to be taken seriously.
Welcome to all the new Wingman friends who came out last night to and who met with at ! Great night!
why can't I just feel good?! #overthis #idontknowwhatswrong ):
Why is this broad on the reunion? She was in the house for 48 hrs.
TALKING TO MY HAIRRRSSS, TRYING TO GET TO YOU, IN HOPE YOUR ON THE OTHER SHAVER, TALKING TO ME TOO, OR AM I FOOL, WHO SITS ALONE TALKING
went through site...worked that way. Never updates automatically through itunes.
Knock KnockWho's there !Craig !Craig who ?Craig in the wall !
Ooh! I have 99 connections on LinkedIn. Who will be exciting #100? How are these things celebrated? Should I get confetti & noisemakers??
I HAVE SOMEDAY IN MY HANDS =)
can you please follow me back? :D PLease please please please please please please
Hi Ron! Just saw your messages. I'll shoot you an email with answers to each!
Can't come. School.
Thanks, Wardy! Know that you rock!
dirty b. <3
Disagree. Size of lesson aside, the bigger the mistake, the greater the behavior change.
Pinnacle Airlines CEO to leave on June 1
Chuck Bass will be back April 18!!! Can't wait!!!
Thanks for following me. Hope you have an amazing day. Peace :)
The White Stripes documentary is pretty fantastic. Finally got around to seeing it.
Uh , Ain't DDay Today & Tomorrow .
Happy National Kiss Day! Kisses :*
UGH WHOEVER IS PLAYING/SINGING THAT SHIT OUTSIDE MY WINDOW. SHUT UP.
New Orleans seems like a better place each day! For some reason my heart/gut keeps telling me to move there!
Thinking about the --paper- "I Voted" badge & how it motivates others. Analog > Digital?
RT @ TaylorTwellman RT : Genuinely buzz-worthy MLS game in KC-LA this week. KC only perfect team (4-0), LA champs hoping to avoid
Awful day
he's making me cry!
I do love excel! :-P
Blue Star Mothers of America Western KY Ch 7 Yard Sale Saturday and Pampered Chef Catalog sale. Good works for a good cause!
Lmaoo RT : people. say 'go fuck yourself' like it's an insult. I enjoy fucking myself, quite frankly. THANK YOU
Watching college hoops & waiting VERY impatiently for the 2 hour season premiere of #MadMen !!
no problem! Thank you! :)
Thank you so much! I am honored. Wow, what else is possible?!
What's going to happen?
well, you're certainly no "lady"...
o I know that rage.
What I won't say out loud I will say on Twitter.
Jim, why would UW not allow Uthoff to transfer to Iowa State, if he wanted to? I get the big ten/MU restrictions, but....
Isolation is Death -- Marc Brodsky on special collections outreach
I do now. Awesome.
I give to lift the burden of those who are struggling.
Action is needed to tackle "shameful" levels of child poverty in parts of Scotland, campaigners urge.
...also just want to tell my poor followers that I typed "purple" before b/c my dad's #1 hit was Purple People Eater... just saying.
you're a 10. on the pedo-meter!
A big shot is a little shot that kept shooting.
Kinda weird....
I need some caffeine
I've never been to a Lions Thanksgiving Day game, let alone stand on Ford Field, but tomorrow I'm doing both thanks to !
today is just a good day :)
I need a link to that one.
application SENT. fingers crossed.
my pleasure, have a brilliant weekend, Spud!
"Oh, well sounds like a personal problem." Lmfao, Mr. Ebert is evil.
Notre dame girls basketball camp has girls coming from different continents this year! I'm on the waiting list..
Planning Planning Planning!
Thank you, everyone, for the congrats and kind words. I am absolutely verklempt about the award news. Poleaxed, actually.
What we getting into tonight y'all
lol good morning to you
I could play angry birds for day
on the 950-and lucky! Way overslept. Junkie Day - focus on Dem Sen primary in Arkansas
Best to you guys!
if you must ask, its not for you to know.... if you know, all you must do is ask
I hope all the Emo Progs who love to bitch about Obama watched this debate tonight. I guess they'd rather see these clowns run the country..
Did you do 19? Happy Thanksgiving!
in a kangaroos pouch!!!
Never let a person bring out your anger, its never worth it!
A girl is Innocence playing in the mud, Beauty standing on its head, and Motherhood dragging a doll by the foot. ~ Allan Beck
Heading to ScreenBurn Arcade and Happy Hour!
#Portland will SMASH. Period. Theres a reason no teams likes to play us. After the game, the fans knockin down ya tour bus!
Spent the afternoon flying around Manhattan shooting with the Hassy H3DII
“: Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts. ~Sutta Nipata”
Now at Tempe skate park having a sesh .......
Silly #Syracuse, in this game you're only supposed to shoot threes.
Two days of strategy sessions...good times good times
What better way to celebrate social media than connecting with other enthusiasts? FREE SOCIAL MEDIA DAY CELEBRATION 6/30...
It's okay to eat fish because they don't have any feelings. - Kurt Cobain
Applicable 2 life RT Forgive & move forward-Grudge blocks positive. Until U clear the past UR destined 2 repeat
Ah, unfortunate. I'll come drink your alcohol in your neck of the woods sometime.
Drunk people
Writing a paper! I'm consumed in women's rights (or lack there of) in Nicaragua. I also baked cookies today. #ProudMomma?
The Sweepstakes award. From Dole, 'Preserving Paradise'. Truly a beautiful entry. 3 Waterfalls on the float.
don't flatter yourself
what are you doing Izturis???
Let that shit Burn!
LMFAO! Too funny. Nice to meet you by the way :-) I was gonna say (nice to tweet u) just couldn't bring myself to do it lol
heard back from doctors regarding her voice - Find out if she's going to be singing again anytime soon
what are you eating?
What's up man? Get in touch I need to talk -B
“: 12:04 and one last #FF. My friend who wrote a book on women in the Civil War ." Thanks Doll happy weekend.
That made me LOL!
That last tweet shouldn't count. RT Ugh oh im getting closer to 1,000 tweets !!!
well, does it ever stop?
Big double play! Out of the jam!
Thanks for the follow Luv
this dress was probably a little old looking for a 17 year old girl, so it works. Not too trendy. But yeah, it could go either way
The crowd cheers de Graaf's call for greater taxes for family and worker friendly policies that increase happiness.
happy Thursday Rebecca!
Ppt karaoke is hilarious
literally lol'd.
can u accept me on skype im mada.akrimali1
If only cities would plan for bikes, public transport and walking...
calling unsigned singers,producers,rappers,& POTENTIAL models join our #Team via email your info "We GOT work!"
thanks & for the signing! it was awesome & i loved getting to nerd out w/ one of my fave actors over doctor who. :)
There is the most fabulous woman in a wheelchair on my train right now. Seriously. I kind of love her and want to be her bff.
nope. No insurance on it. The ATT insurance is such a ripoff. It will be cheaper for me to have apple replace screen.
Live and Learn
ah okay! I was so confused haha
Welcome, writer.
OH : "Tweeting while your drunk is never a good idea Andy".
Can't wait to see the new exhibit featuring Lincoln memorabilia. What are some of the items on display?
Are you fucking kidding me about that record player?!?!
smh so i cant be friends with someone that REAL and nigga I get MONEY
I just wanna escape from this place
if Laura and Gil come over then it'll be 6 not including you two. Not sure about Raph yet. Whatcha makin!?
foo fighters performance was only redeeming quality
My body is super sore
Dunwoody. When presented with a spectrum of viewpoints, readers will not always sift thru and find where the 'truth' lies.
Nuggets much better w/McGee. Seems like the trade is a win-win thus far.
On my list of guys I'd like to have a beer with agree with Thanks 4 joining us
Let me take a nap before I get worked up over some people that mean SHIT to me.
Yeah me either she can't do all that alone.
We gotta meet up when/if he comes ! :D
Something about a truck in a farmers field
Had eggless egg salad, small salad and lentil chips for lunch. Good stuff.
Someone go to the show tonight at 50 mason, 8pm (?), to take pics for me since I can't be there! Have a good show, guys :-)
Eating a "grapple," an apple that tastes like a grape. Not sure if I'm a fan. It smells like grape-flavored medicine from my childhood...
same heree im at my friendss place :)
Remember to do something #good for yourself each day!
Omaha. Home to America's worst drivers.
Yay! I got a special project for the making of the yearbook! :D
Monitor ur heart! Become very sensitive to what ur focused on and what u let in to ur life. Neglecting ur spiritual life=a hardened heart
Start wherever you are and start small
yep! I bet the Yankees put Burnett's former jersey #34 aside for Harper in the future lol
Witches are trying to convince my loved ones I have seasonal allergies/asthma by hexing me with symptoms. Don't fall for it.
he opened the door im just walking through it
LOVE. RT: This must be Thursday. I never could get the hang of Thursdays. #DouglasAdams :)
dang you drink soy????
best class 2ever.
That young man certainly deserves the praise!! It's great that you shared !
GA is in 30mins at Military Park! Those who could attend, please do so! :)
I'm starting to wish that Gotye was Somebody That I Used to Hear...
Watching the longest amount of I've watched in years, about 10 mins so far. Kobe shot six times, missed every one. God bless
I know of hundreds of people who have gotten incurable diseases from contaminated drinking water. Yay capitalism!
YOU KNOW THE PLACE? RT : is there a white jacket and padded room?
Time to do some efficiency packing! Everything must go with me back to Florida except food. That can stay. Lol.
They're great. Look up Broken Jaw.
Thank you so much for the follow! Love your content!
Very cool.
definitely! Ben (our lead singer/song writer) really likes owl city. So I guess you could say we're inspired by them too ;)
I'm not pid, so throw that out the window. 2nd you have less than (1) championship so you're not blowing anyone's minds either.
cause the saints lost
I know I know I know I shouldnt act this way I know I know I know Good girls dont misbehave But I'm a bad girl anyway
diaries of a mad hispanic man
tigers ab to bust the red sox.
"This is better than an Oscar," said Michael Moore upon receiving Natl #Nurses United's Main Street hero award.
RT &: My grandpa has a beer everyday :30 AM. He has another PM. He turns 100 this weekend. Must be the beer.
Good to know! Thanks.
Playing the Branded Saloon in Bk this Saturday from 9 - 10. It's a free show
meet me by restrooms
I have no idea what is happening today! But she's super happy. So. Hmph.
how do you get so many views on youtube?
Teaching teachers in our Grad class how to use some google stuff.. What is your fav?? forms is mine!!! HM should have used it for this!
Spending 12 hours at a hospital with an inmate...real police work.
This Mountain View is so beautiful!
The National Day of Prayer #ndop one of our nation's great spiritual traditions-take time today to pray for a new awakening in the USA.
Howdy new followers!
Caught in the rain on the walking bridge but it was worth it with the ice cream show at the end
maybe im the one keeping myself from happiness i always have doubt and i dont know why
5,000+ acres burned. 9 homes & 10 outbldgs destroyed. WA's Governor Gregoire: "it's going to take all hands on deck to contain."
When the Ark comes home, not everyone will b excited with u. Not everybody will "get it". But its God who got u where u r 2day, not them.
Yes! Just got an email from #vabeach library that Bag of Bones by #StephenKing just got in! Score one for the reading week for me!
while hundreds of thousands of LGBT Americans are denied this joy as you continue to support discrimination, sir.
they have sketcher bobs. are you serious?! they are exactly like toms but bobs. wow.
good to hear, I'm doing really well I've been working and relaxing Let me know if you come up, it would be fun to catch up!
thanks for the follow. love your stuff.. cant wait for that new passage!
oh no! not an increase
I had everything planned out but then I froze up so I winged it pretty fuckin awesome ! Lol
live it up drink it down. take chances cause all in the end it was exatlly what you wanted
hard enough to take Soriano and $$$ from Cubs?
Female doctor for my physical. AWESOME
My twitter was so lame in 2010....
I have a left eye twitch this morning and it's driving me nuts! I'm about to get some masking tape to keep it open!
Love that episode RT : Stewie: Mom, mom, mum, mum, mom, ma , mum , mom, mommy, mommy , mommy, mommy
You're welcome! Did you love the show as much as we did?!
lmao I also read that .. so youre not the only one lol
Ha! We're with you!
What goes around comes around :-)
Tom Waddle was right. Heat had another bad loss in them as they are defeated by the Wizards tonight.
“: don't lie, was hoping unibrow was hurt badly ?” she didn't even watch #doesn'twantnone
how come ur upper lip looks like it smells like toilet water bitch
Did you know? OUR HOUSE playwright Theresa Rebeck created the NBC hit show Smash.
You're welcome!
Woke up extra early today -_-
Football Coaching to #FF // HONORED!
me and make the craziest scenarios in our heads
MakeItFunky Have a good weekend all!
Scrubs while egg roll is 10x excellent
Today is the #First Day of #Spring! What are you doing to celebrate in #Miami?
I hope you enjoyed Mandisa's video & you're getting excited about coming out to the show! I'll be posting the dance very soon, so get ready!
LOL RT that would hit Me
nothing appears to be wrong. I am using IE8
You can keep on Grillin' imma smile back
u got lost? D:
ha! I just fell out my chair laughing because should have included a disclaimer like other CE. I have nothing 2 disclose except...
Sorry Mets, you suck donkey nuts. Love, Philadelphia.
All this penguin hype made me forget about my boy Melo dropping 33 out there
By text? Classy.
it's just killing my hand having to do all these tiny curves...#gettingOld jk
can't get enough of something exciting huh!..
Q2: Video = Powerful connector/communicator.
At the track meet
That's perfectly fine, I need to watch it about three more times anyway.
I hope to see you back 0n the field, I miss you so much, your love hate attitude
Who spends all Easter day drinking? Definitely not me. Nope. Definitely not.
Who doesn't love Bulimia???
it's strange to have you back in my life...but i'm glad we're talking again cause honestly i've missed you. i hope you know that
The number and length of pregnant pauses on This American Life is stunning.
Playing with Built To Spill TONIGHT in Baton Rouge! (very interesting place)...
Happy mothers day to my mom, I know I'm a pain in your ass alot, but you put up with my shit. Which makes you the best mom, ever. <3
thats why I have a dual relationship with FB hahaha
Nice work Evans
For price quotes or to book to produce, direct, or film your next project, send us an email to
#Trivia What year did Kingdome open?
Check out the whole line of sista as background for adele that's a good look she do got soul in dat voice..
#LinkedIn a good way to represent yourself the best is be honest on your CV or
The immigration law has already accomplished phase one it's purpose, awareness. Now people think twice before immigrating into AZ.
:D YEAH.
RT : RT : Broncos are shopping CB Alphonso Smith, seeking a 5th round pick in return (never liked that trade)
+1 RT : That's Fingers of steel.
12 Days of Twitter: On 7th day of Twitter photojournalists presented to me membership in AGENCY VII 6GB flash card 5fps DSLR 4 of a kind...
I can't believe is coming to Philly in like a week...
I had like the weirdest dreams ever! Lol
All the powers in the universe are already ours. ~Swami Vivekananda
...but other friends, their kids, and the family dynamic make me want to not socialize with them for the next 20 years.
W/Out Me Your Pimping Aint The Same ,
I hope you enjoyed your one day of Mayorship at the Beer Grotto
Hm are those Wearing sunglasses in the grocery store on a rainy day...hungover or high?
Kay I'll do it later cuz now I'm on ma' phone :P
is was great seeing you at our recent briefing on The Egyptian Uprising in LA. Hope to see you at our upcoming events.
It's Only On A Scale Of 1-5 Lol
Pain is for the weal. So never let anything bring you down!
Very poor possession by the Celtics there to try and win it. Gotta do better.
yup! Dgaf w/ Mike Skillz and Andis Saturday night!
True. That. RT : You don't have to be 1st. Just be right. RT : Skiles confirms he will return as #Bucks coach
Almost done with my report on New York City.. im still in the process of typing it and its due Friday..
I'd love you forever and ever!:)
You were hacked by someone selling weight-loss products.
I like mine with Strawberry, Boysenberry, or Raspberry Jam and of course Honey. :) Yummy
Justin Bieber is looking so much like Kate Moennig
Kids at my school love smoking...I guess it's cool to fill ur lungs with smoke and increase ur chances of getting lung cancer......
Aww. I really like The Monkees :[
You're right, I never hear about Knight. I'm wore out on Lin and Kyrie Irving highlights.
#BIEBERONTHEVOICE I can't wait. I love you
OMG I WANNA SEE YOU :D
you are insane for the comment about the nets and kings #MarchMadness is the best bball played anywhere ever
thanks 4 the follow!
I am a little distraught that these sandals I bought from China don't say "frip frop"
We're a good team!! and I'm heading to class! I'll take a look at the rest when I come back :)
Tanning Beds and Prom don't mix
We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope. – Martin Luther King
Storify seems to be unanimous now, any other suggestions?
I realized last week that I've never announced that I left Collecta in October.
Did you like that last scene? Huh, did you? Tell me how much you liked it.
Thank you SO much. This could be awesome!
That or Wars R US. :P
lmao chill the fuck out i wasn't freaking out? I said .."okay". Lol
Back at the house watching Girlfriends
I have never seen a "good" spray tan. Ever
lets plan a weekend! Anytime
“ Fuck'd bitches that be giving up your whereabouts slow leaks gotta air em out.. #Ross”
is the best shoe ever made
thannnkk you for the psoas flow. So painful and hard to target. Brava.
Thanks man! what team you run with?
I guess you type cakin lol
Back 2 The Future
It`s true. As my sameness descends, I realize that I don`t need any more friends.
Had a blast, pleasure meeting all of you!
Waiting on that sweet, sensitive, honest, strong, thoughtful, trustworthy, god fearing man. I will wait forever if I have to.
#Twins are you kidding me? At least make it entertaining please my ESPN updates are very disappointing.
feel better soon!
Feel horrible for him, finally had his shot RT #Brewers GM Doug Melvin confirms Mat Gamel has torn ACL. Probably season ending.
Ok. I admit it. She's my fav too. RT Cant wait to see my favorite person!
Like a month of school left -____-
Life changes ... things don't stay the same .
#thankyou. here we go again
We are legion? Aren't we? Hey guys, where you going?
Busted water main. Just when I thought that Cinergy running fiber to our neighborhood was a blessing...
Enjoying Flossmoor Station Brewing Company's Pullman Brown Ale. Hint of molasses and smooth finish. BeerHoptacular! worthy indeed!
this time
You can me pls follow back i hafe you say on facebook
fight me
Loving the sun here, it's about time for it to come out! =) Can't wait for a long weekend of sleep... tired from AP test still... =P
Come on back to God. There are some things that you have to do.
So you finally gave in, Jay! Welcome to Twitter.
Reminder: Tomorrow Nucklehead is performing at The Milano Inn. Join us for homemade Italian food, drinks and live music!
Haha rules of engagement funny show
A sign of a celebrity is that his name is often worth more than his services.
gender&sexuality #gds challenges the stereotype r inherently biologically diverse, applies 2all, essential aspects of identity 4all
Hm what to do today. Hehehehe
If only?
I start the gym tomorrow againn:)
yo u do flyer print??
RT : It amazes me that in 2011 Yahoo Fantasy Sports still limits the number of fantasy football drafts in each time slot.
come to pittsburgh!!!!!
A soft nature of a person does not mean weakness. Remember nothing is soften than water but its force can break the strangest of rocks
well thank you SO much! I appreciate it.
The most precious possession that ever comes to a man in this world is a woman's heart. -Josiah G. Holland
*cue Friday by rebbeca black*
Getting a new puppy to foster tomorrow! #dogrescue makes me feel whole.
#Shoulda is my favorite song! Its in my top 5 ! Love me some #TheResolution!
Talked w/ WCC commish who's on selection committee. Says road wins, esp. in conf. huge factor for him. Not what UNLV fans want to hear.
People with clenched fists can not shake hands - Indira Gandhi
get in a good shout for me!!! I'm not gonna make it :-(
Nothing is more annoying than a sportswriter who hucks t shirts constantly. F'real, cheap hashtag shirts? c'mon. cc
the funnier thing would be someone using one
My name is Ebony I Like your name (:
yes ma'am! It gave me a good laugh!
That song that you have in your head all the time grr
no not really lol
tacos for dinner, oh yes!
"hey can I ask you a question... if justin bieber was single, would he choose me or dis skankk??"
I have my car back. Again. Until GIJ's car throws a princess fit. (Again. Because it's GOING to happen.)
It's funny how manytimes you hear "eh you button hooked me" when you are at a petting zoo with goats
Subtitle for this year's #SOTU address, "The Girl With The Neck Tattoo."
Using google forms to gather info re: student peer assessment for team presentations. Good way to gain data on participation!
been knee deep in busy at work. Feel like i missed the summer completely. More traveling this month, then hope for some calm.
Good Seeing you in the salon with !!!
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please? [:
Daily I see dozens of iPhone 4S users tapping away. Never see Siri used...except when showing off
Awesome! RT : I bet it would be sweet to do Acid and loop the "Black Hole Sun" video all day.
is just a freakin boss. #TeamDrita forever!!
So much homework
no problem. Thanks for the update!
i am still getting the hang of the twitter and trying to figure out what to write! good updates to come this weekend!!
When I see John tomorrow I'm gonna make unnecessary noises like squeals lol
Best traffic jam ever! Stuck right in front of fireworks...
you can go diving in your yard
I do that more than I care to admit!
#HackedByMamaMahone look out you might wanna change your password before hacks you again! ;)
Sarcasm, Francy, sarcasm. Knapik's a master at it. Guess it doesn't come through in tweets.
RT : Does anyone have a mic for a voiceover I could *borrow* for Thursday? I can trade things!
Thanks for the follow. Heard you connected with Mr. Tidwell today. Glad you two could talk!
proud of her #UshersNewLook youth participating in gender bender day. Whether they know or not, they're promoting acceptance for LGBT youth!
Ghoulish Garfield is this Thursday and Friday night from 6-9pm! Don't miss it!
I recommend Healthy Cofee USA, Inc. Much better product and easyer business Opportunity. Let me if you want some sample's??
all the way
I could not, at any age, be content to take my place by the fireside and simply look on. Life was meant to be lived. -Eleanor Roosevelt
JUST GOT THE CALL
You think you know who I am, but truth is you only know what I let you see
's "move to the middle" means supporting marriage equality. Voting record indicates otherwise...
yes, Apple is all about an experience. the products support the experience, not create it.
Ur welcome. Contact us @ & become part of our soon to release mobile guide app. Offer promotions
Twistii supports Dollars for Scholars - Beauty School, Education and Healthcare Scholarships & Paid Internships Available - www.Twistii..com
Be sure to stop by for the 5th annual today! Lots of music and fun, indeed!
well there is obviously a difference in the cost of delivering a physical product vs bits of data, no?
Zayn. And everytime I see ya my feelings get deeper. <3
uncle needs to get out duh!!!
#nationalbestfriendday next is rainbow and butterflies day, followed by puppy and unicorn day
Can some people follow me please and i will follow back!!
I was kind of looking for something to do tomorrow. I think I'll hire somebody for the hell of it. How could that go wrong?
Excited to break in my Type A5's tonight before this weekend's Ragnar Ultra Relay.
Lamb tongue moussaka! Others have said the bolognese is also fabulous! Escargot hushpuppies are fun too. Frog legs.
We're told another kid was left on a bus in Dansville School Bus yesterday. Working on details now...
We are commanded by God to love at all times! Not just when we have a spare moment: AT ALL TIMES!
had that party over the holidays. took FORever. good luck!
Hey when is your skate across the state coming up?
I was flipping through the television guide and saw "Shark Navigator." It was just an infomercial for a vacuum cleaner. I am livid.
sure, i'll download it :D whats ur username?
that does suck! oh well it will go fast!!
Tonight at Exit In 9 PM with Ill Communication
We're going to run out of colors for submarines.
Scoot-Up was a blast! No injuries = Good. OH () "I'm scooting so fast my eyes are watering!!!"
I finished Google Advertising Fundamentals Exam part one. Advanced exam is next.
Although in some places, they'll make you pay extra!
damn i love u.oh thanks
Oh yeah - we checked out New York Mouth after we saw your Foursquare tip and we will def. be a customer of theirs.
On my way to work but this train is taking forever
I wanna get outta Memphis !
rule #1 guy dont make a sextape if u aint good in the bed.u displaying yo talent women dont like a guy who dont handle buissiness in the bed
heyy follow me
Who are you sending your love to today?
Genesis Medcial Center - Illini Campus () has named Dr. Peter J. Metcalf VP of Medical Staff Affairs.
aye let me get a family discount lol their pizza be on point lmao!!!
It's close to 1 am now /: GOODNIGHT TO ALL MY LOVELY FOLLOWERS. You all are amazing! :D -much love- #AustinTo700K <-- Last tweet! <3
although I'm finally doing the colored denim and I'm loving it.
here in TN for business. Great weather, great people and a focus on education.
I'm coming for you, Big Poppa.
Happy Thanksgiving From The Kevin Hayden Band! Enjoy and be safe!
RT : Flash #Flood Warning for Dallas/Collin Counties. Do not cross into flooded roads!
Do the Rockies and Indians play in interleague this year?
Thanks for the Article retweet. :)
SURF REPORT: (Pacific Beach) 3-4 ft + waist to shoulder high occ. 6 ft. POOR CONDITIONS
I'm going through a thing where I want to actually be the person I want to be. Since that girl would get off Twitter & workout, so shall I.
Tonight, going to the beach for fish and chips (or grilled fish and salad) followed by a nice glass of wine.
LMAO i should like scream out "AYE YO WHERE U GET YOUR WEAVE??" OMG BAHAHA
Stop brain washing people;P did you do it to too? Cause she just started slapping me haha. no-_-
So You Don't Know Me Yet, But Where Going To Get Married #Everyoneisinvited <3
#everyblackneighborhood Got an ice cream man that never sale ice cream."we know you got that work"
So what are your thoughts on the for-pay model for news content?
. I am not a fan of this #teamceelo stuff
hahahaa you would have my baby!
So the fire at the fire museum is now out.
was in Milwaukee last night? I've got to catch him live sometime. Love his stuff.
Congrats on a great run! RT We did it! 3:25:12!!! Thanks guys! ah! My quads! Screaming! Haha! Thank you
SOX: Great to see back in the broadcast booth tonight after a bit of an absence with sinus infection.
damn right bff
Because, i cant think of an explanation ;)
oops you did it again
Saying "OH YEAH I REMEMBER." when you really don't
didn't see that coming, we just got home and hadn't turned it on yet.
Oh - subsequently a touchdown happened!
Wish I was there!!
The Hunger Games? Loved it. Last night was my 2nd time seeing it.
My neighbor from home worked there for a year. He loved his experience there.
I can't wait.
I've been there before! :)
U nothin but a J.O.K.E.
Pals lounge is located at 254 Auburn Avenue in the Old 4th Ward. We are available for private parties, shows and rehearsal space.
New Fan Page Design is pretty cool. Stop by to take a look...
Thanks Karen! Hope you're enjoying things at the News Center!
According to sources, the Cardinals have reached a two year agreement with Carlos Beltran! $26 million.
Off to the hospital
Effort: Its so simple yet people make it seem like its so hard.
Thank you for all of your hard work for the campaign!
Thai government stinks.
Happy for my dude ... grinding it in the panhandle!
nope i'm at school right now smh won't be back until next week!
Happy Birthday Cuz
It ain't happening for ME! lol.
#NeverApologizeFor saying what you mean; only how it is put
I'm going to the One Direction concert next summer!!!<3
crazy that before I saw the pic, I knew it would involve Rio. Is that Vidigal?
Off to The Cinefamily to attend an IDA panel about PBS and then a screening of PORCO ROSSO.
Makin' T-shirts for YOU to wear at the TLDS show on Friday in Chicago!
Free tours at 2pm and 4pm today!
I didn't even see that last part, soon enough? Good news coming?!
Home with the boys, bless your vibrant yellow ass, Spongebob.
best damn karaoke jam tonite. sing a song get a free drink. specials on coronas and bomb shots all night long. kicks off at 10pm
I love Jackie
and i know no one says "happy april fools"...k?
he is such a fag cant stand him!!
my favorite is the fake sunroof - LOL!
when ya sit on them?
#UGOTSOMENERVE to talk about my business beyond my back
like I said
Thanks so much. We appreciate your support! :D
your such a loser, guh!(:
do people really care these days...would some1 really giv their life for u?? That'd only B true love <3
Hey good to hear from you! Yes, call on 11-11 works.
If you know me, there's a lot of things I keep hidden about my personal life... Sometimes it's better not to reveal the full story...
anyone else think it was funny Luck had a 2003 flip phone
Again it is duties, labors, and anxieties
<3 Richie RT : is playing right now! Yuessssss. I am loving this Tuesday night.
14 years in the making. More than ready for 9 p.m. to arrive.
some interesting nomenclature, that's fo sho
Go for subtle, realistic, and use the house sound.
can't argue with that
nope. We got this. “: (?) Should the Lions gone for 2? Just askin'”
I always do that! I hate it too, its so annoying;p lol
Momma may have, Poppa may have, but God Bless the Child that got his own!
Finished my last class on credit recovery.. such a weight off my shoulders..
My love! I've been thinking about you, girl!
Lord please watch and guide me in the path in which you would want me to go through, protect me from the devil and evrything not of you Amen
Epic Drives Episode 4: Land Rover Discovery Tackles Russia ...
#OnlyGhettoPeople buy the new "Jays" before they pay rent...
i heard that it sounds like your radio show is keeping you busy.
The one good thing about being stuck in the office from 9 am to 9:30 pm? I didn't have to deal with the heat all day!
K's troop met w/ a Cntr for Refugee Srvcs vol: What makes you a refugee: 1-political issues; 2-religious issues; 3-they just don't like you
Hello Detroit
The BookScan Station in Suzzallo is amazing! Fast, user-friendly, free to use, and even does OCR scanning. Thx !
The Main Library is offering Free Math Help every Sunday in February at 2pm. No registration is necessary. All ages. Call 282-4655.
Hooray for Dad! Hope you guys had fun. : )
Happy Birthday Patrick! Great to see you at Chatham Baroque's Peanut Butter & Jam Sessions, as always.
In fact, this whole week sucks...
The aim of the system must be clear to everyone in the system
hahahhahahahha cool beans! Sorry bro though, Hawaii beats all ;D we're beast
Bravo TV... Really? You have got to do better.
whoa whoa whoa... #USD: the most overprivileged campus in America.
This is such a sad situation, when a knock on your door wakes you up, you jump out of bed and run and answer it since its probably a package
First Hitchens. Then Havel. Now Kim Jong Il. I can't take this roller coaster!
I always forget how much I hate Megabus. Until I get on one.
Wait a minute... Is this a trick?
I am literally starting a new game right now. Thinking about being khajit. Def gonna marry Balimund like I should have before
i might actually watch x factor now that demi's a judge.
I'm nervous to start college this fall
he didn't stiff you? I think I heard a story like that in the bible once.
You really should get some sleep.
I just ate lunch outside in February!
damn... U speeding huh...
haha that's a good point. But I haven't brought a girl home in like 2 1/2 to 3 weeks. WAY TOO LONG
Best Friends that don't text back!!!
Tonight 7pm at Cameli's 699 Ponce De Leon Ave. Hear about WonderGlo and how you can help. Need artists, handy folk, hard workers, friends!
I THINK ITS IMPOSSIBLE FOR YOU TO NOTICE MY LOVE FOR YOU.
Mr. Bush as president led an effort to pass a comprehensive immigration overhaul, including a path to citizenship for those here illegally
hey what's up
Go Judy! Now you are a twittering fanatic!
Finally got it all figured out :)
Exactly...good interview with Clark Kellogg...Come on Jayhawks...get it together
#Rangers win in 3 OT. Phew.
Taking off for a visit to Tucson next weekend
Its so hard to trust guys now :'/
Here we go!
yes in the long run - but many people give up part way through because they feel the writing isnt good.
We are currently trying to get the site going as soon as we can, thanks for your patience. We are very excited to see all of the artwork
Migraines make you hate everything.
Q1d #PR is organic, marketing is many times a pay to play, smart consumers know that
If beautiful is what you think is just on the outside, then you've lost sight of everything.
Niggas are so disrespectful
Yay san francisco tomorrow :]
i cant spell for my life. stop using big words.
I need my phone. I need a phone.
You are still dangerous... but you can be my wingman anytime!
Yup. I actually don't think beaning is treated severely enough.
what the fuck am I supposed to do
Jk. The thing is still hurting my brain.
I SUPPORT CO-BRO!
Damn, I have a fuckin huge headache from dat Mid late nite
It is better to be thought a fool, than to open your mouth and remove all doubt! -Mark Twain
I aint been retweeted in a solid hour so im off this bitch dueces
lucky! what beach? im from rochesterny. its ghetto lol
Also, you guys are on Whidbey? Nice - where at? I grew up there.
is standing at yet another radio job decision crossroads. :>{
getting rid of this cold I have, getting to bed early tonight, hoping tomorrow is a brand new better day than today!
Awh shucks xD I'll rep you if you rep me.
me to talk
One thing being in the Army taught me was to never ask someone to do something you wouldn't do first.
Don't forget...Today is the last day to drop courses or withdraw without DR or W on your transcript. See your advisor to discuss options.
bleeding gold care package headed your way!!
Edward isn't on right now :(
Tonight is episode 100 of #BeerDiplomacy. Join us at 7pm ET as we celebrate! Guests include & ... !!
Check out 's numerous childish tweets against #madonna. Seriously? Lame.
I agree. Love the movie. So sad to see that I was all alone watching it.
thanks for the follow. Blessings on you and your ministry!
MORE CONGRATS 2 , & massive team for their Overseas Press Club for the GIVING LIFE special
This week's www.DocumentaryTelevision.com examines The Oprah Winfrey Network, set to launch in 2011
quit fighting! This is too real! Ah!
Haha. Tell me about it.
RT : thanks for the follow! Check out my feature film which will be touring the country...
can we maybe soon perhaps possibly do lunch in scumburg soon?
is it weird that Butterscotch is my favorite? That goes for pudding AND Dilly Bars
Blink 182's "Take Off Your Pants And Jacket" is one of the finest albums of all time. I feel bad for you for not appreciating it.
Heading to Spokie to see my CC!
I Need More Bi Friends(: <3
Thanks for the follow! We're huge fans of dramaturgy! Audition-Studio.com
In sports, Pirates at Braves 1:35 PM, watch it on ROOT....
's Ustream with Was so funny! <3 Grand Ustream!
hahah dude, im so out of wack today, like legit
Have a great one twitter! Heading home. :) hopefully Buddy behaved himself and I dont find my laundry shredded into bits.
But it all depends on the package that is to be signed
Elk Bratwurst today!!
It strikes me as weird that words like 'bigotry' and 'hate' and 'tolerance' have been redefined in the last few years.
Verdict is in - Congrats to Chase Shields. -ms
With my big sister !!! :)
Had a great day job shadowing. 6th grade <3
Only 10% of Libyan people have internet access, during the revolution there was no internet access, social media didn't promote revolution
omg how cute! What kind did you get her?
Hey Bard, that cluster F Koch chart was dtd 2008.I didn't c #ALEC on it. Bless #WiPeople for routing #ALEC out.
#AndrewLuck will throw his first pass at Lucas Oil Stadium to Anderson's Holden Harless tonight. Follow for updates and a story.
"Yesterday is a bounced check, today is a cash advance, and tomorrow is an I.O.U" -Unknown ... <--Today is all you have, go get better!
Hours like this one r what keep from hitting his potential. Is he seriously reading from his book? Unbelievably boring
It's almost August! Can't wait to drop this show!
#raw10 I was n Church n the Usher leads a Fat Lady 2 sit by me. But, the space was real small. It was like parking a 747 n a car parkin spot
Anarchists make better lovers anyway.
Aren't you adorable? Now go run and play with your little friends, and let us grown ups talk.
Excited for #KWFR not sure well make it out there though. Looks to be a dynamite event.
shaking things up. What a day!
RT : The phonetic spelling of "phonetic" is "fa-net-ik." This is also the definition of "ironic."
Vote for me and as your prom king and Queen tomorrow palmetto students. Please go out and support :)
If You Think Your Lonely..Your Not, Our Father Is Always There With You...
Happy Cool Sat. Everyone..Make it a God One and Keep Rockin!')..
Patiently waiting for the arrival of Dr. Michael McShane.
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 15
I've got a 50 miler today! Got to get out and enjoy some sun!
i would like to thank #Google for helping me with all my high school homework and essays
Only problem with being a political science major is that I don't seem to understand all the political jokes that my classmates find funny.
Loved getting breaky with this morning
We just might have our new CD done this week! It's been a long year of recording Makaras Pen..
That awkward moment where most of the US population don't even know who US One Direction are and they DO know who UK One Direction are..
Hi All We are over here wishing everyone a good rest of the evening! We will be here GET AT US! LETS MAKE SOME MOVES FOR OUR FUTURE!
No): I'm on a phone/Tablet thing so the actual thing wouldn't show up.
Thanks for the RT love!
Okay you pc gurus out there...why do I have an "x" in place of my Twitter pic? How do I fix it?
I don't feel good! I hate cramps! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
In Indiana, grandparent visitation can be invoked through death of parent, child born out of wedlock, or termination of marriage...
A2 Companies should cultivate the employee connectors to tell the company "inside story"...
Dumb, coaches get hung up on what he is not. RT : Very solid 2012 PG playing this wkend in Mitch Badilla. He's unsigned coaches...
so do you think we as a theatre community are shaping the form to accept alternate forms? or keep tradition
Excited to watch #Celtics-#Bulls tonight. Boston has to take advantage of D. Rose being out and get a road win.
at least the badgers would win that and 2 seconds probably wouldn't matter.
well, we can't really blame this on Melo being out. #cuse had several opportunities we did not take advantage of tngt. back at it Monday.
perfect weather as far as i'm concerned.
Ever since I been in public school ive been getting into a lot of problems cause I been defending a LIAR this whole time !!
#HowToTreatALady the same way she treats u
great. Yeah im proud of him. Im glad youre doing well
A fatal flaw of most SMEs: "It's easier to tell 'em how to do it." Do we do this too, when working w/ SMEs?
plz plz baby follow me! I love u Elijah
Prom pictures are up :3
u can't expect someone else to do wut u suppose to do...
"Why are you so afraid? Do you still have no faith?" -Mark 4:40
my phoness broken, but i getting a new one this weekend(:
Some say this is the worst economy since the Great Depression.. What are your thoughts on our economic future?
Cute puppy!
Today is boring as hell so far. Tonight will be better tho.
On set!!! I'm cold and sick but I am ready!!!
can you share my youtube video announcment please ;) ;) ;) haha
yah buh cause you cant get over the fact that she didnt vote for Rachel. she voted for her ally.
I wonder what #caseyanthony must be thinking as Judge Perry issues the 2nd contempt judgement during jury selection.
I really like the lions pick a lot.
I hate when someone stays behind me when I'm using my computer.
nice avi..but u look slicker than a can of grease :-) and who the hell is this chick wildin from hershelwood?
Everyone make a resolution? I hope it includes your health & a little fun.
Just finished cutting final batch of sound effects for "Saints and Soldiers: Airborne Creed." Delivering to mixer Carlos Sanches tonight!
Thanks LLA for a great Tuesday Straight Talk this morning.
yes...is there anywhere that delivers after 3?
why are y'all tagging me in this?
Life’s a beach. And I’m ok with that.
Big Day ... #MW3 time...I'm watching #Castle instead :)
hey -Is there a difference between TNT and dynamite? Asking for a friend (beep beep).
Signed and done :-)
Excellent idea! Where do you like to golf? Have you ever checked out one of our courses?
Mass Effect's ending was a lot like LOST's - a Matthew Fox looking guy named Shepherd stumbling wounded to his god-appointed destiny
pick me!!! Wait, arent you the
Whisper it once, just a little bit
you should be waited on hand and foot;-)
I don't mind heat, but I hate humidity.
#ItAnnoysMeWhen u Know That ur Best friends Boyfriend Is Cheating On Her But When u Tell Her She Doesn't Believe You -_- & ur like uh !
Learning about frame data while I watch #WNF. It's cool, I didn't want a girlfriend anyways.
sup Molly!!!
Thank you for your continued support!
thanks! done:)xx
not working sophomore formal is the best news i've gotten all day.
Hi, I see that you are a entrepreneur. Would it be ok if I send you free marketing tools you can use to grow your business?
This weekend is your last chance to catch #CARNEVIL on stage. Call 310-281-8337 or email for info.
How rad would it be to have at the #NtlEqMarch and at the event?!!? She's an advocate for queer and youth rights!
Let me see ur body go lala...
RT : Mother, there is no other. So treat her right this #MothersDay w/ brunch at 10am to 2:30pm Reservations!
looks like alot of fun
I'm so glad you said that, I hate FB, I've been saying it's juvenile for months. I avoid it 99% of the time.
Things me and can buy with $1000.. 1000 donuts, a family dollar, new equipment, 400+ 4 lokos.. to be continued
No tv, no Internet, and no books left in the apt. Waukesha, you're even more boring than before and I didn't think that was possible.
agreed! I love the ad, people need to calm down!
Hey steph can you get me a job
crossed over from British Eurosport to Eurosport just in time for arenberg
Enjoy! Welcome home! :)
If I didn't know how completly crazy I am then I would be offended
"In the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory Sheldon Cooper sings a line of the song in the Season 2 episode..."
Ima Guy But I still like
Haters are still jumping the gun we are still guilty until we prove our innocents RNC discord in Chocolate City,DC . concealing the truth .
Got my tickets, May 12th Disney World here I come, or as it's pronounced in Portuguese JISney World!
enjoying a sunny day
lololol Uncle Sam gets over on a lot of people now a days (US military)
my constant dilemma, I say don't shower.
Happy Birthday - hope you had a great day :)
Weird this is so weird.
that's what I thought! You need to stay on this and find out whats up. #Pittsburgh is wait for you.
“: Two types of service ecosystems: one product/serv across places, multiple products/services across places. - #idea10”
Lady Phoenix is not broken up but on hiatus.
Follow us all on twitter!
remember "sit. bad waverly! i said sit!" LOL times a thousand
I love the saying "Remember God spelled backward is D-O-G." In a small way Dog's can show us God's truly unconditional love. Faithful.
let me get back to it
Yeah, bee's, jello, and a leaky toddler would be a frightening scenario. Let's hope it isn't a prophecy.
not often
and all of y'all. Are #BAD.. Especially you!..
can I get a RT for my son, Preston, on his 7th bday!
NYC! catch tonight: Studio @ Webster Hall - 7:30 PM set time
what's w/ the seductive looking card at lower rt hand side? Looks like you need that wrist brace 4 other reasons.
My little brother got me a Blood For Blood record & a Dystopia record to add to the other awesome things I got
What's a man's idea of foreplay? A half hour of begging.
#Tan for #FREE at any of our 8 salon locations TOMORROW March 10! 8am-8pm!
Good Morning Tweeties!
Thank you so much! We are so blessed to have her in our lives. Can you believe someone was going to leave her out on the street?
game is going to last forever!
it doesn't hurt
Hopefully today will be better than yesterday..
Would you be interested in a combined concert?
#np - "Shot Caller"
if its true I'm sad:( I love blackberry...
woke up to a 4am nausea alarm. feelin better now, mainly cuz i'm completely empty.
Hey now!
I'm sorry but that will never happen -b RT : Hey you guys should cover Love And Memories by O.A.R. :)
Mike I just got word Gronks ankle is fine..it will have to be to support the Lombardi trophy.
For sure. Props to him for that. And maybe Quietdrive will get a bump in sales, perhaps?
I thought it was supposed to rain?
Gary Busey (), Nick Nolte, & Mickey Rourke. The top-3 list of guys you don't want your mother/sister/daughter to bring home.
We'll definitely need to get the word out. You could join us for our meeting next Tues!
I'm literally sad about this
When I learned to dry my tears, I found a shoulder to cry on
lmfao she doesn't have her phone.. Come visit me
Good morning! #blessed&highlyfavored
fucking sod ass hair
Look, the connections are happening already!
Haha :] I'll be waiting to meet you! lots of love :] are you going to work on a new song?
It's like Movin mountains....
#FumbleRecovery & fight...yeah we're playing the
Sleepy can't get comfy...
END THE INSANITY THAT IS BULLYING
U will luv it. Fascinated by it: RT : Cannot wait to read Code to Joy by #tggr brilliant! - me too
Thanks! Will do!
Stewart's hard-hit balls are finally starting to miss the fielders.
trying to sleep on sunday nights is the worst.
all set boo boo
Always...RT : "Think and wonder, wonder and think." - Dr. Seuss
Unfortunately, as a soccer dad as an unpaid job, part of my life involves scanning stuff to send to tournament directors.
THROWW IT AWAYY, FORGET YESTERDAY, WE'LL MAKE THE GREAT ESCAPEE
What's everyone up to tonight?!
Nurse Earl administers stitches too?
Ramen Noodle you say?
no bc its not a loser.... we will name it bob... IF U EAT IT... im gonna be mad
Oh, didn't mean it as that mysterious!--altho it's all Mystery. In real-life, I just blurt things out, and don't censor much.
And I have to redo my hair before work.
What's it like to watch it on an iPad 3, I wonder….. :P
Good night world.
Actively looking for a Project Manager and Flash Programmer. Please email me if you know someone interested.
my niece lives army base @ Ft Benning ny storms headded th@ way?
To reach new unemployment rate Obama uses fewer # of jobs to measure unemployment. Magically, SAME ACTUAL NUMBER OF UNEMPLOYED is lower %.
Awww, well have a good time! When do you leave?
#Wobble Hey big girl make him back it up :P
I was going to trip you but you were on the stairs <3
My point is not to adopt new technology just because it's new. Look how it fits what you do and enhances it.
me neither :)
I'm getting tired of Saltines... I want chicken noodle soup.
Whenever deer stare at me I feel like I'm in a Mexican stand-off.
lmao mrs o'connell said that in class today. miss you aniterz!
Good morning.. #tooearly #tired /:
Once Again NEW CD RELEASE DATE: NOVEMBER 29th @ BLUES ALLEY!!
haha jus havent found the right one , n thanks ill need it :)
- think Apple should just buy Tesla?
thanks for sharing! Did you get our latest edition?
love Easter.
Yes, please send submissions to
AWESOME WORK GIRL!!! <U+2665>
Going to get the car washed up and then pick up my girl
I can be a freak, every day or every week.
the best part is Favre doesn't see him coming
I'm thinking all three? And don't for get a 3-hole putt putt. Need to keep the game sharp.
ugh. It's fine. This is just another thing to add to the list of lies I tell myself.
Was great to have w/us! RT : new club at the venetian called Smokin Hot Aces 107.9 & urs truly will be out there tonight from 9 to 11
The single remaining Mountain Dew and various other items--everything on the lobby table is up for grabs! #THATCamp Games
Attention? Haha I think so!
All magic comes with a price
We can heal bodies, but can we feed them?: According to the Center for Rural Affairs, the expanding shortage of food outlets is affli...
looking for to play Max Payne 3 soon when it comes home
#IfItWasUpToMe you would be at military school . -_____-
Headcount! Who's going to the mixer tonight in #Midtown? Me
Black Friday shopping that matters! Black friday only Get 15% off your order when you use the code given at midnight! Help those in need!
I love it..
or was this plan z already? I forgot and almost don't care anymore. When can I expect to be homeless? ETA?
Looking forward to it. Thanks
“Happiness depends upon ourselves.” ~Aristotle
I TRIED MY BEST. but i think i ruined it with the word y'all...i cant help it if im Texan lol
plz follow back :)
You don't even know how happy this makes me. Streaming tears of happiness right now.
Living vicariously through my friend photos of Easter in #dolorespark #sistersofperpetualindulgence since I can't be there today.
we may have to...unfortunately...
Who's the top team in the west again??!! Oh yeah that's the spurs!!!!! #NBAPlayoffs #addiction <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Sleeping is one thing that I'll never get tired of. Get it? Tired? Lol I try too hard. Goodnight everyone.
So hungry now!
Something about motherhood makes them attracted to me. I tried talking to one girl, then she got pregnant, & liked me AFTER the baby O_o
yo man might be movin to OK soon. Let me of some chill spots to hit up for a drink. You know anyone playin rugby out there?
thanks for following me <3
The haters can talk all they want about Justin Bieber. But he will always have his fans that love him and support him.
On that note! Goodnight every one :)
Good for you, glad to hear it. I'm still waiting. Guess this is like a snow day...
History blows
pick me up right now?
rob a million dollars & throw me a couple thousand ! <U+2665>
The way I looked yesterday >>>
deluca's in the strip of in regent square.
Hey guys! it was great stopping in this weekend and getting treats! thx for chatting with me too!
i understand niggas talk behind my back..but the thing is, im real and thats something they lack.
thanks so much!
Going to Sunnyvale. I need recs on good craftbeer bars in area.
hahaha that poor kid!! I love the reason for knowing them: they're future presidents hahaha
Actor's Choice client Doug Kampner must be the busiest actor I know!! Congrats on your recent booking for a role in the new Batman movie!!
I found a tyre in the middle of the road??!!
there's always someone tellin' on you
Give credit to Doc Rivers on a great out of bounds play to end game and run clock out
New human statue idea tonight at Pier 60 pictures soon to come!
We are making our first album!!! Check out our fundraiser! Album out 2.17.12
Read Charles Beard, "An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States"
RT : You sound stupid. RT : you think Future a better lyricist than Drake? keep it real too <<4real!!
I had to rewind my DVR on that. Did he say what I think he said? Truly awesome.
TWITTER PARTY! EVERYBODY DANCE NOW!! <U+266B><U+266A>
yeah man
Pay attention ladies !!!!! close your legs and open a book.
#FF thx 4 ur kind words and caring tweets these last few days. You are the best!
This is comedy central...
Common baby
Are you a fan of Souvlaki and Moussaka? Come enjoy them both at the Sponge Docks of Tarpon Springs!
BREAKING NEWS; ATL Studio has #caught on fire. NO Injuries, Hes thinking like WTF Happened.
follow real as they get don't sleep follow her now.....
don't need it I have fins for the swim and a motor for my bike.
what's up son?!? you in the states or still cross the water?? Hit me up...
They run this company like a casino. 8 am and the cleaning crew is vacuuming.
get up
Welcome to MLA! I'm looking forward to a great Monday.
have a great time!
Watching talk by Edward Ayers
Only because so many have been asking...we are open for the rest of the week from 12 noon until 10 pm. Make sure u stop by if u want more $$
no, don't joke about that.
Yeah, it's like they control everything we do. Erg.
i love when shaq and Charles get into it on the half time show hah
like I said - something obvious that I'm missing. I was hoping he was referring to some super secret news.
Volunteering at a blood drive for the #RedCross at the #Oshkosh office. Stop in! 11:30 to 3:30
Game over! Turnovers, lack of concentration & fundamentals tackling and catching, sitting the starters week 17 cost the Packers!
<3 Hey pretty girl!
from johannesburg,south africa freelance writer dj qone ispeakhiphop magazine.he's using precise bio/publicity photo.
yeah I'm tired but I'm watching cold case files ahah
That's fantastic! Wanna email me to describe how you used GBS, and the value it added to your work? I'm brandon AT arl DOT org.
I can't hear myself think at this beyond the net event, when the announcer says anything about candy it's like the second coming
good u
One of my boys spend so much time telling me negative things bout myself but yet around me almost everyday. #bigmistake A Island man I be..
My mom called to say thanks for the $100 I left on her bed, and that Im her #1 lol I know
Not just the helmet. I wear the full Saturn-Apollo IL7 Spacesuit when wheeling the aisles at HomeDepot.
- <3 <3 <3 and an extra one <3 for Carla S-W on the debut of Flicker Studio - get disruptive !
very awesome!!
Thanks for the RT Sherri! May your palate always be drenched with fine wine!
I think I know what you're talking about. There's a natural choice beauty shop and also a sallys type store
Thank you for checking in! Hope to see you soon!
Yeah and you will haha
many thanks to you for helping find the missing people...
Time to pass out medicine & get them to bed. Hope we're almost done with this.
Congrats , Chi Psi and for raising $5300 for Julie's medical expenses at Jam for Julie at !
I figured you'd like an influx of #Badgers, Ben. All good guys, too. RT
naked bear back is in the building
Normally I don’t deal with pedestrians hailing cabs on the street.
Good thing I paid attention to Sesame Street, it's time to file some stuff. I have to remember LETTERS and stuff. Well maybe not stuff.
I'm putting a fan next to my desk so my hair doesn't stick to my face when I whip it around. Archivists=primal & sweaty
If you don't have time to do it right, where are you going to find the time to do it over?
I can't reenact the Matrix when sober, good for him.
Remember when gay meant carefree and happy? Then what's the problem with gay marriage? I've had one for decades by definition.
Jersey shore omg
just twisted my ankle this junk hurt like hell
go get down with your inner African queen!
"That spider is more scared of you than you're scared of it." ''oh really, did it tell you that?!"
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 14
at work, in some bullshit meeting!!!
sleepy but cant fall asleep :/
totally agree! how old are you? :)
shouldn't you be directing anger towards Weiner not Breitbart? You get mad at married guys hitting on you, why you sparing him?
Be careful of those who pat you on the back. They may be looking for a spot to plant the knife!
Great shoutout on #NBC for St. Paul Mayor -- hitting the ice downtown for Hockey Day in America.
I agree. It's like the family is all back together again ... Kinda like Christmas
coming at 11 we'll tell you about changes OSU made after a string of robberies and why they say the campus community is safer
Thanks to everyone who came out and supported our day party this past Saturday. We greatly appreciate it ~ Neph & T. Wynn
Thank you!
you should really watch it. They break badness in such a good way.
you mean his tweets and shut up no one will listen
exactly my words... Where are you tonight?
Im all smiles so excited bout this new chapter in my life travel is always my dream so glad that I got fam from all over the world
Consider Lincoln's giant statue, networked to the nation's new text-to-a/v system))) "Testing! Read - my - tweets - B4 u Follow, u twit!"
Good Morning my Tweeters..!
im supposed to be doing my hw but then i went on youtube...
Just went to the blog. Interesting! Thanks for the info! And I love your hat!
Why don't you start off with your favorite destination? Manilla, NYC or Nantucket perhaps?
A fresh wind and a new day..... I receive it Lord!!!
Thanks! I'm getting a house instead of a baby :)
You got it and happy holidays to you from the KOKO Dennis Show!
is there one of those close to the east side?
Either misunderstanding Foucault or he seems to have advocated that we treat life & work on the same level.
Im Early Bird !
this shit crazy if it aint one thing its the other smh
A hypothetical question: How do working-class actors audition & work small gigs in NYC? (Where to stay, transportation...) Is it feasible?
when elected to state or federal offices.
Conflict is healthy; anger is not. Get some help for that. Or go for a run....
play without lebron and see what happens
Thanks for following Julie! How do you like L.A.?
I love metaphor the way some people love junk food.
#Broncos plane has touched down!
that was my biggest complaint with a palm too! Exciting about the droid!!
I want Burger King..
can I cumulative!
J.J. Hardy now has a five hit game, I'm guessing career high...
Thanks for the follow , & !
Miller: sideboards keep us moving forward. We know what happens when there aren't any.
is that red flannel lucky for you? it seems like you wear it at performances a lot(: heehehe
That would be a good idea! I didn't think it was you asking me if I made enough money. LOL
what's your first day takeaway? Gotta have AT LEAST one!
but it was still fun, met some cool people and handed out some fliers! thanks for letting us know about it!
& I are gonna be tipsy before we even get to house <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
now if it was us three on the island I wouldnt :)
Excellent! We need to catch up!!
I'll do better. Using the clippers, carve the #caps logo into the back of of my head!
R.I.P. Steve Jobs! Come back again soon!
We forget that happiness doesn't come as result of getting something we don't have, but rather recognizing/appreciating what we have. Koenig
Wishing I had the second hunger games right about now
RT : Mom lost boy. Found boy but wouldn't answer to name. Mom forgot to mention that week he would only answer to "Batman."
loved your book but your constant use of "Democrat" as an adjective is jarring. Its a well known slur R's use towards dems.
If you’re a Gold Award recipient, put it on your resume.
I hate not being able to wash my arm. Stupid tattoo.
I LOVE YOU BABYCAKES!
To my faithful followers: Josh, Elizabeth, Pamela, Erin and That Camp Columbus... I won't forget you when I get, like, 25 followers. Mkay?
this move i do not get?! when we have 2 proven coaches on the bench and former player in buck who could be a coach
Yes, most definitely; I will be sure to keep in touch! Commendable work you're doing! Will spread the word...
So I told her I'm getting More & she said Ok, Lmaoo. Idk my mom anymore O_o
Bust day ahead. Need to get things done before the 8" of snow hits this afternoon
so..... I have no idea what song you're talking about. That's how hip I am!
now im waiting on u
going to have lunch just to try that.
This CJ was like no Kazakh woman I have ever seen. She had golden hairs, teeth as white as pearls, and the asshole of a seven year old.
you'll be a tough act to follow. Hopefully pack nation gets the A. Rodg of beat writers to fill your shoes. Congrats, Greg!
Doesn't seem like it at this time. It's not the first time I've been asked about this. I'm going to put it on my todo list
MT : Dallas TPPA round: USTR has put on a big push to get right holder lobbies to have a bigger presence, hold more side events.
How souls the pressure be handles when final is nearby???
Thanks family for an awesome worship set this morning! You rock! SING IT LOUD & SING IT PROUD!
Who's trying to go in tonight? Lmao
Gotta love this las vegas weather today. Let the sunshine in, get your windows and screens cleaned. vegaspressurewashing.com
Crush is super illusive, so have your zoom ready :) Crushes last official sighting was in March, but heard of a sighting on Wed
This is true. But the albatross has bad literary associations, and I don't think of Alligators as child friendly. :)
BostonGlobe.com subscribers - check out the live stream of the David McCollough talk with Joe Kahn. It is fantastic!
#SteelerNation + RT. Your kind of a big deal....right? Haha
Come on aaron rodgers let's do this
bastards! I tried best buy today but people were waiting in line like #blackfriday Heard HP is raisin price on next ones avail.
haha everyone used google to get the same anwser!
I have to be in three different places at 6PM. I wish I had Hermione's Time-Turner right about now!
I want whataburger...
check to make your account wasn't hacked and you're not messaging people...thats what happened to us.
that will be cool.
I think it's bullshit that the pickiest eater of the group is the one who ultimately decides on the pizza toppings.
kinda close(:
So when are you going to do an entire show in Spanish??? I miss your Spanish word of the day!
Ha! RT : Coffee is a great way to convince your body that you've been getting plenty of sleep.
Heard a great affirmation in an audio by , at least 50 times a day, for 21 days, say out loud "I'm enough." #powerful stuff yo!
Getting a haircut always makes me feel like a new man.
saw the video with the little girl interviewing the guy from the cribs! hilarious! love those kids!
Shouldn't have given the police my work info lol now theyre gonna show up at Sonic asking me questions and shit.
I am going to start saying thats sexy on a regular basis
You'll be able to do whatever you want with it. Streaming will be easy to access.
yeah, im great.
Dropping Andy off @ work & then heading to Reaching Forward. I'm presenting & getting nervous.
Good day everyone!!
awesome! congrats jennie!
Just had an incredible Mother's Day brunch @ the Anchorage (Hilton MKE River Hotel) --no other meal will be needed 2day for sure;)
Congrats #NorfolkState what a game! You deserved it!
Open 12pm-4pm today! The Fungus Among Us sold out last night, but we are STOCKED on the regular menu!
when u done? O_o
no a snow suite
I could really use some help from people on Extreme Coupons right now as I stock up my apartment
Patiently waiting on the coffee to kick in.. Red Coffee Cup... I lift you up..
SOO GORGEOUS! I LOVE THIS PIC and YOU! :)
I would say I need a cocktail, but then that makes me sound a lush - but a shot of something cold an smooth would be real nice right now.
TKing a nap was a mistKe, now i cant fall asleel
I'ma miss you malik :'(
Hopping on a jet plane today to get a very special guitar. Life is good.
Never be afraid to laugh at yourself, after all, you could be missing out on the joke of the century. —Dame Edna Everage
I'm sorry but there are certain situations where flashmobs are not the best way to go about things..
Pilates Plus Scripps is starting to sound really nice!!!! Starting an adult "Core Only" Thursdays 5:15-6:00 Stay posted..
I have this really really catchy japanese song in my head. I love it.
Last day of frap happy hour :(
you should come to the city and go shopping with me any day this week!
i love you can i get i love u back?!?!:) <3333
Wouldn't trade a day here to be back in zero beach
"If you aren't invited to the table, you are probably on the menu." - David Quolke. President, Cleveland Teacher's Union
On the plane to Berlin via Iceland.
you are soo silly....and you actually have a good singing voice too lol
Haley Reinhart Sent Home On 'American Idol'
Walking forever.
Thanks for the post on FB changes! That's why I keep our fan page open all day at work & only schedule after-hour msgs on hootsuite
Welcome newest member Morrell Printing
The sandwich told to the toaster : "just gonna stand there and watch me burn" !!! :D:D:D
what!! Who's class are you taking?!
"I want to get really drunk tonight" ... "that counts as a goal, right?"
Viva la fiesta,
can i go to bed please since we're not even doing something in school today? no? awh.
This See's caramel chocolate lollipop is making me feel like a [natural woman]...
If I'm the one driving or giving directions to a new destination, know that I have one route: the scenic one. We'll get there. Most likely.
Law librarians can get all the experts together.
Can't load a photo on YouTube? Get your shit together!
"Feed your head." - The Doorman
#ImLame whatever I think its cute :p be careful & have fun!!!!:)
going to the fair tonight. rain or shine.
Haha. I gotta go! Nice talking to u though! Bye! :)
If the #mavs still had on roster we probly wouldn't be down 2 to OKC...
physics lab ...
just got a chance to test out the ESXi Dump Collector from 1 of our vSphere5 dev hosts VMware #PSOD, it's a good thing, if U can capture it
I gave her everything I had ! She just tossed it away ! >:'/ i can't get her outta my head >.< ! She fucked me up big time!
It is so time consuming! But I see that businesses are having success with it, so I want to figure it out. We'll see ;-)
You're at Howard Hughes, man.
needs to come back to instagram
I used to be in a band called "Missing Cat" . You probably saw our posters .
Happy you finally saw it!! Hope you liked it :)
Congratulations to Dr. Josh Mersky for his successful promotion to Associate Professor with tenure!
Skin-whitening products, like KOSE Sekkisei, whiten skin, get rid of freckles, refine skin's texture, and promote an even skin tone.
Meet Wilshire the Firedog in person at Hope For Firefighters on June 4 www.hopeforfirefighters.org!
I freaking love and her vids, but these fake Facebook accounts of her NEED to stop. Seriously y'all. #GAH!
didn't bring me no cereal n junk. :/ .
ah okay haha sorry wasn't sure :P
Busting out last year Xmas present...the perfect brownie pan. Let's see how perfect they really are.
Have a great weekend!! thanks!!
ok ... disregard previous whining about apparent disappearance of my twitter following list. it's resurfaced.
Well then I've still got room for improvement! (RT currently holds 3 out of my top 5 most played songs on itunes.)
“: Players must get their skills to level that allows them to do what they want to do; not what the defense forces them to do!”
when people creep on facebook and call you out on everything <<
okay no doubt!! Love ya!!
:( my friend got mayday parade concert tickets for her bday and now she cant go because none of her friends can and I cant either):
that movie is amazing
not tonight, tomorrow night (Wed) at On April 30, we'll be Mondays at and Tues and Wed at
Glitter fight. You should see the apartment where this took place. It's going to look magical for some time.
i am no doctor but a nurse cant really prescribe but i always tke tylenol for headache or mefenamic acid when i was in the phil
you will notice me and one day, remember us from #thecodenottingham you said our banner was #awesome :')
TY for #ff! RT : #FollowFriday shout out to Center for #Nonprofit Advancement members
“: I CANNOT stand repeating myself <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>” .......neither can mulrat
Just picked up an amazing raffle item from Starr Hill, brew tour, growler, pint glasses and more!
Quick poll -- How long is TOO long to hug the Commish?
WOW! The San Diego Zoo and Safari Park.. Offering Diversity Platinum Members $4.00 off tickets! What a day for our card holders!
Getting ready for work....Kinda dont want to go
When is your birthday?
im coming in December
Boss women are classy, strong, independent, loyal and lovable. They know what they deserve and they go for it.
U know what I'm sensing SUPER strong #MinDra lately:)
Man I want the standard twitter on my phone
By the way, we started writing a new song :] Full-length here we come!
Can I get a white chocolate mocha with extra whip cream? Yumm!
retweet us & every 25 buyers you get a pair of free air yeezys your choice The Real Deal Getthem nextweek Signup >@
haha you're funny....everything's good :) how are you?
I'm jealous. ;)
Just three weeks till #ALC12. Look out NOLA - here come a bunch of crazy #translation agency owners with time on their hands!
Tonight Woodfish & The Nick Clemons Band will be rocking in Sea Bright. Hope to see a good crowd. Spread the word!
boulder bound...
I KNOW. Hes on his man-period.
Good artists borrow, great artists steal
Operation Free: energy security = national security
Yeah $900M is pretty over the top 4 such a flawed site. Clearly, it's a rat race right now.
Awesome! It's hard to know the best way to use social media sometimes.
I have a beautiful mirror in my room! give it to you .. but you must come to seek it e.e
RT : ......another song in the bank! Next one. Next one! ... Rock rock to the beat y'all :)
“: I think Ellen fergot to tell you,you gotta follow all of Yer new followers back!!!!!!” yes please :)
Need a little Petty in your night? will get you to where you need to be, taking the stage shortly!
practicing lax. it's a hipster sport.
#kilmertorluemkewedding weekend has begun!!!
Macy's online. They're picture looks different but the descriptions and all are the same. Bloomys styled it better.
ma per favore.
pandamonium just dropped a bomb
Come out to City Park 5.20.12! We need volunteers too! Or cheer runners on!
how long did you stay last night?
I have a rebuilt 42" Clamshell die cutter with Heat for under $20K! Perfect for die cutting plastics or thermal kiss cutting. 888-BRAUSSE!
I understand. Was just ribbing you.
We are ELATED b/c we just found out we're a finalist for the awards for overall production! This is such an honor! THANKS!
but thts js my thought other girls might like it. js thought a woman could teach u sumthing...lol...j/k abt teachin u sumthing
lots of talk. But can't differentiate between informal randomn and intentionally informal so can't sell to management.
Never be someone's second choice when there's someone that always wants you to be their first.
Come to Portland...Great city, fan, and team. U WILL be shown love.
good? Affordable?
I am the worst at Draw Something.
How are my followers out there feeling this morning
Surprise! Rafael Nadal Says Knee Is “Doing Well”
Your avatar gets great ratings! Now add ZUMBA! =D RT LOL not if you want good ratings! #TwitterMovie =P
adamirigoyen RT IF YOU LOVE EVERYBODY
stay sweet!
bitch I love you.
My whole body hurts <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
This... “: Charlie Weis << Paul Chryst #Badgers”
Traffic is wack
I'm sure the wait is going to be worth it.
To Everyone I offer these gifts, sweet surprises; Everyone I offer clarity; I offer freedom; offer joy; peace of mind; & always Love
So excited abt my new mommy book abt life, love, balance, kids & fashion coming out! Tweet me if u want a free sample!
It's windy as hell!!
Releasing our new single today called "I Don't Want To Go" for free download
#FirstButNotLast If you're a first generation student let us know and spread the word!
You gotta have them with Mint Sauce on.... wot, wot, wot... beauty !!!
Got no love for you hoes ...
enjoy your time off. travel safe. feel good.
going to gamestop with my mom seeya
hey! Thanks for the RTs!!
but for now, i work out.
Me saying hey with a smiley face + You saying hey with no enthusiasm = Me not texting you back.
Black Friday...more like Black Mocha Friday! M dark chocolate
When my sisters get into a fist fight >
Up next for ED InfoSec: build security into design process, implement data loss prevention, and est mobile device mgmt strategy
let's do it bro
"grace city!" I love that, never heard that 1 b4. What do u having going on that I should know about?
Staying true
when you get it?
thank you for being an inspiration to us all. I know you may not see this but I love everything you do for us. <3
Omg rofl!
lmao well im glad it did lol
They're good, my brother's gf went psycho. I'll text you about it tomorrow, lmfao. He dumped her and now she is like, psycho
AWESOME SAUCE!!!! :D where did you order it from?
Enjoyed catching up. Let's visit Kentucky before you move to Orlando
Extra Extra! A new exhibition from the News Bureau and the LVCVA, Sat night 5-9pm dress up in your 50's gear! 21+ after 7 Happy 65
I kicked my own ass tonight in class. Amazing how out of shape one gets after just a week away from the gym.
I bought
ops....ho, no, no....read it wrong. JTrout still there...I know who you're talkinga bout.
great ride in! strong! rawr! wet! rawr! fast! wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!
your arms too short to box w/God, he's got that reach on you
hello new best friend :)
Thanks for a great weekend...we love you guys!
Got my invitation for 's grad party in the mail today :D
My hairs in a gay ass bun for this fuckin musical -______-
The two best physicians of them all - Dr. Laughter and Dr. Sleep. - Gregory Dean Jr.
"it's always the singers..."
That means there's a chance of you unknowingly thinking that something's cool before everyone else catches on. Thus, hipster.
Need to get caught up on the Wulff situation? NWST with and Jack Thompson 930 11p KONG
If I haven't talked to you in MONTHS don't call or fucking text my damn phone. No picking up where we left off at. Fuck that shit!
your followers has reached 11k already...very good!
Shelly: trying (unsuccessfully) to dispel the notion of the absent-minded artist since 1995.
On what, Craig Sager has on a semi-normal suit?? lol
Thanks to twitter, I've seen the same quotes about a hundred times..
Question: do celebrities really wear their own perfume?
Cheers. To new experiences.
Thanks for the follow, and thanks for the interesting post incorporating Schwab's findings on retirement readiness!
Good morning!!(:(: so it rained like all night and every single road is flooded!! So is the parking lot!!! So I parked at the band hall!!
Is at McDonald's
Everyone deserves someone who'll make them feel like their heart was never broken. <U+2665>
My bad cuz..
#PeopleNeedToStop fighting and start smiling :-D
I find it ironic that politicians scream about over spending but then spend millions on election ads. #Republicans I'm taking to you!
words to live by!! #Godisgreat RT: We love because God first loved us. We forgive because we stand forgiven."
Tomorrow is your last chance to check out Ric Stultz's "The Dream Got Control" in our gallery! It comes down this weekend! Hurry in!
Appreciate the good things in life, no matter how small. We have amazing things in our life, whether we realize it or not.
follow me bck please!!!!!!!!:D i would really apreciate it
I'm sick as fuck and don't want to be at work! Someone come cuddle with me in my nice comfy new bed with akatsuki and yuki :)
Sounds great. Cu there !
I want to come over so we can eat ice cream in our PJ's and listen to Adele.
if only they tell you where to buy it #fail <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Last final!!
What????? Since when we can have ex's as friends cuz everytime I say something about my past u jump down my neck but its cool for u
RT : It ain't ya spit game, it's ya dick game that got me walkin round wantin' to wear ya big chain..
Children's ebooks worthwhile no doubt. Want to see research on e - as relates to more print books = more education relationship.
no problem!
side note: it's a good thing I occasionally proof read. Autocorrect had changed "obstacle course" to "obstetrical course"
All this dam snow in the mill
Meeting tonight is CANCELLED! But if you're interested in volunteering Saturday at the Children's Health Expo, DM us!
Going to head off of here until about 6 PM.
*cough* corolla *cough*
Omfg now I'll hate any girl I meet named Claudia.
Shouout to she is such a great singer !! Look back on our profile , I retweeted her cover !! Its beyond awesome . - Zaona
Talked to Navin Narang, principal with First Pacific Holdings. He confirms Bike Nation owned by them, not AEG. 1-Pac also not owned by AEG.
Let's build a world that #remembers--not a world that forgets. Will you support our mission? Alz.org/Indiana
I found it. It's under "Masterpiece Theater". I looked it up using 'Sherlock' and 'Cumberbatch' but neither worked.
sorry im just not one of your pathetic girls.
So sick. Is that yours!?
Great friday night & ! Now Goodnight, farewell and till tomorrow! Besos!
THANK YOU to everyone who ordered a Oshkosh Pub Crawl item from us! We are working hard to make sure you look good on April 14!
We'll happy hour with you in just 8 short hours! Looking forward to tonight's Purely Social @ Cafe Benelux!
Be like Ron Swanson. Title it "Why The Nielsen System Works" and have the entire essay be: "It doesn't."
We are just one location and have many online users so it works well for us q3
I love big FIFA match days!!!
where you stayin at girl! Manhattan!?
talking about #fangirlproblems with
haha yea!! And let me tell u ,I died <3
lmao I was in Vegas, I wasn't allowed to use my phone! I just got home 5 minutes ago
I need help! It's spiders in my basement & my momma think I'm finna go down there!! Shiddddddd
I'm taking a nap as soon as I get home from work today!
i got a lot of music connection just need advice cause ima go getter and workin wit people is my thang
thank you for posting that you appreciate our posts
It's pure torture wanting something so bad it hurts! An to have it brush the very tips of your fingers & yet you can't grab ahold of it.
thank you!! :D
Anyone know a good screenwriter with a comedy/improv/stand-up background or experience in web series?
it ended 2 months ago
Profan releases are quickly becoming my favorite things to listen to while working on philosophy
Fantasizing about a trip to the US: NYC - Washington - Miami - LA - Vegas - San Fransico... Anything else?
Just added to #WFX2012 Vutec Corporation
Prestige pricing=attracting more business by charging more. Very important.
me too, why you tryna be like me nigga
There's barely anyone on this bus and the driver has a sweet fu manchu and driving gloves.
Don't even know why I'm sitting here tweetin my lil bro when he is sitting in the same room, oh well..but go follow him----->
Good morning!! :)
Gonna go to the studio soon really exited :)
Good Afternoon tweeters, I hope you're having a good day and I hope everyone is blessed!!!!
Mosquitoes are Communists.
Damn today is going by slow af
I'm At This Place And Theres This Really Cutee Kid That Looks Like Jason<3 (:
when is the next Madden for iPhone coming out? This one keeps crashing on me :(
He said he used to be a bodyguard and had been badly injured and never recovered. Since he didn't know how to do anything else and was alone
I dont wanna watch no little girls dance around. They gonna end up just the ionic boys last season...
MY SEXY GRACEY IN HER NEW DP BRB FAPPING
Three events on in one day and a full day of meetings! Glad to finally be home:)
Big fan in college & briefly interned w/their record co. Haven't seen them since they got back tog. Glad you enjoyed!
Dang, i never knew how much i was missing when i was with you... LOL
Nothing hurts more than being disappointed by the person you thought would never hurt you.
"Dolts" HA! Love your word selection.
“: Congrats on chad brown main event title. Gg on runner up.”
I have friends who would/will kill that K-State kicker.
A-are you a warrior, killah, slicin shit like a samurai? The old dirty bastard wunderbar!
this Draw Something game is unbelieveable. dont even wanna leave my ipad to go see linsanity tonight. #iwilltho start a game withme
Oh man... ASH / Control / Sugar / I Hate Love / NYKoP / Blood For Poppies / Man on a Wire / Beloved Freak... man, all of 'em!
Deadlines to meet? Meetings you can't miss? When is there ever time to get an oil change? Let me help. I come to your office or home
Stay tuned for some fun photos of my adventures in Green Bay! Do you have any suggestions of where I should visit?
you're welcome! How did I sleep through all those nice tweets?
I love my job and love more that I asked a stranger why he is wearing a green bracelt. His 6 yr old daugheter's life was saved by a donor.
You are welcome! The video is so funny:) I RT awesome! Thank you!
#3WordsForYou Yes I Am. Everything You're Not. Stop The World. In Real Life. Everytime You Lie.
This way, many best clothing designs can be produced which will attract the buyers
i just looked at your pic, go girl!!! lol
.: "It's more important what Jesus said about God than what the church says about Jesus." He who has ears to hear let him hear
Google Wage (?)
I wish I had a portable version of whatever it is the doctor's office uses to make you terribly early, regardless of actual arrival time
Multiple people sporting dook attire in this Starbucks line. Shooting appropriate glares. #arlingtonisfordookies?
Have you checkout Le Club's Social Corner? Bring a book, Take a book!
Third Screen Talent specializes in web developer, designer and social media pros. Contact me at
Mavericks make a 17-4 run, are in possession for another fourth quarter comeback.
Oh, ur trying to DM them back. That's when u just tweet "Yo , follow me back."
You really are one very good-looking bird; wow that orbit looks like too much fun! I have a comfy-perch swing and I love it!
what up
Yeah!! Thanks for the support. xo
Got to hang with my hawt cute coworker today after work so that was cool. She's so pretty!
Cuz you're the best!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
I'm a nerd at heart<3
see you soon and
Love is what you've been through with somebody. (James Thurber)
we have beef on weck, sahlens hot dogs *best*, wings, chevatas chicken etc hope u got too eat good food..
talk tonight - #Seattle Arts & Lectures! But have to miss Sam Lipsyte at and Geoff Dyer at the libr. ().
congrats to you! Well deserved and I'm so excited to get to watch you in green for years to come
hey i just need 20 more to make 300 help me please love ya thanks
For the month of April, GHAPFM will be featuring music that speaks to our souls and opens our hearts.
Why does everyone underestimate my ability to buy a range rover? It will happen one day.
So we can kick it^.<3 ?
you win, and so very winningly! What are your claws made of?
lololol.. You so right!!!:)
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Oral-B Dental Pics and most oral care products.
Peggy Noonan is going to float away one day.
And you treat me so good. My parents love you and adore you. Your always welcome here. Your not only my girlfriend but also my bestfriend
"11FX02075 is an unsecured network...still like to connect?" should really read "Congrats cheap ass, I hope their signal is strong enough!"
baha text me? :)
perfect season finale <333
Where is the sweet spot with mobile marketing? Mobile websites with e-commerce capability or text couponing and alerts?
thanks for the RT!
SAT word of the day: conflagration (n.) great fire
Babe Ruth played his last baseball game on this day in 1935!
Ready for my Western BBQ'N Bacon steak burger to get in my belly.
So true! No matter how rapidly the world is changing, enduring values ground us.
Honey kept his letters! They're amazing. My Uncle was in the Army Air Corps and wouldnt talk about it at all. It's too hard
congrats, that's great! Hope you're enjoying.
I Miss My Baby! Just hope he feels better <3 (:
Rubbing your eyes can lead to scratches and other damage. If you have something in your eye, rinse it with clean, pure water or eyewash.
It must be "Ride with a creep" day at WMATA
even better :-)
I cleared a snare drum and drummer for journey to love music video. We shoot next weekend saturday and Sunday get ready.
CPAC round-table: First Nations in Canada: Is there a way forward ...
stoked to have our Go! Dutch artists stay at residency spaces - place is pimpin! Thanks MF!
A4: The stars before there were huge city lights dimming the natural night lights.
If this holds up #32 may be drinking more than ginger ale after dis one
We liked the idea other people have about giving stuff away to "like" their facebook page, while we really don't have that kind of...
it's ok haha talking 2 someone's better then homework
It's like we go out of our way to stay out of people's business, and other people go out of their way to get in people's business
Oh, #Sixers haters. You have no idea how much fun you're missing.
Its very true when they say opposites attract
Why Do I Find Girls Who Can Skate Hot? .-.
Eli Manning is killin it on #SNL tonight
you're right. I still need to visit the puppet man. Finishing up a cat head poster w doug today
Thanks for the follow Friday recommendation. And yes, we are now followers of !
thats what sup
ha. #2 no onions
Hahahaha. YEAH MAN.
looks delish! How's it taste?
lmao I swear I was JUST about to say the same thing! lol
Dear weather gods, please don't rain on Preakness. Also whatever god is in control of this, don't let anyone throw a beer bottle at me.
"Twitter has changed everything" -
my neighbor keeps reminding me that the woman who owned our house before would let neighbors pick her flowers. THOSE DAYS ARE GONE, BUDDY.
Does anybody know of a really great #cybermondayvacation? #jetsetter was very disappointing
Do I have a room created for students or for me?
Arjen Robben would look great in a Liverpool shirt
Lmaoooo! RT : bro just quit school
Thanks for coming out! Exciting to be with such a great group!
Curtis Martin is not a hall of famer...
RT Getting started w/ Health Law 2.0 #health2con. Ft notes that startups don't always understand the rules
That T-Ho's has a lineup in the morning! Never seen that before!
I'm so excited :) Glad to be representing and working for our libraries!
Being hurt <<<
Mike Krukow just mentioned the stickers on ' laptop
oh its just the way i am i suppose....
made Kobe fresh as shit.
612 ppl: Trying to decide wh. 2 books 2 talk: Leviathan, Theodosia & Serpents of Chaos, or Skulduggery Pleasant. Y'all read any of these?
twas A gorgeous day!
Sssssssssh! Your Done
HELP TREND #AustinIsOurWorld HELP <U+2665> .
Right now I am eating Skittles while waiting for lunch (black peas and rice) to heat up.
#ThingsThatAnnoyMe Every business I go to has a sign that says "Like us on facebook!" what has this world come to?
Is it just me, or does the sky seem higher in Vancouver?
you don't look a day over 28!
Only got a hour and a half to go!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Questions coming out of preconference redux: how can we encourage tech innovation in a museum with limited resoures?
WHERE HAVE YOU BEE AL MYY LIIFEEEEEE !
ah c'mon kenny, r u a barca fan too. Say it ain't so
I am in the exact same boat as you.
your mom sent it to Katie Burke's mom and I was over <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I'm doing a river cruise through France this summer, but not on our favorite ship.
Why am I Janice Dickinson at all times of the day?
I don't wanna hear no cryn as the series but hell Okc was my pick to win the ship.but lakers still in the hunt
The very exercise of leadership fosters capacity for it. - Cyril Falls
#Brewers say all fans attending Sunday's game vs. #Cards will get a DVD of the 2011 season. DVD won't be available for sale.
Bristol Palin has no right to lecture anyone on anything.
Ooh! Good luck. How exciting!
I am putting that one one on my wish list too.
Morning is off to a GREAT start!!! Early morning workout, good conference call, and now audition prep and it's not even 10AM yet!! #blessed!
How is everyone ringing in the New Year?!
Happy b-day mel RT : one of history's great days is celebrated today! Why it's birthday!
Twisting Holiday Balloons tonight at Subway Rt 1 Saugus, Ma. from 5-7 Pm. Kids meals only $2.99 on Kids night!
Ruh roh... ...RT : Y'all Betta fear that beard.... I'm rolling with the thunder for the rest of the playoffs
Big Late Night shout out to ! #dowhatyoudesire !
AWWW thanks tweeter kitty :)
CHAP now reviewing the proposed exterior materials to be used in Senator Theatre rehab.
Go CATs
OOh. More classes I'd like to take... Herbal Lore, Query Letter Workshop, Building Tension... Stay away, Robin, Stay away. Class is in 2 wk
#lookingforward for world peace.. Nah, Who Am I kidding, am #lookingforward 4the weekend to come over
Please start a tumblr detailing which books receive the #lovesmudge We want to buy them.
#Super starter
I don't understand the whole shout out concept. I don't mind giving accounts shout outs. I just don't understand why followers matter?
Good day :)
Some ppl never change
europe has given me a whole new understanding of club music. i can't stop.
lol .. move la
Soaking in having spent the eve with Madeleine Albright in San Francisco, CA
Blah!!! Thats all there is too it.
Almost. Off. Work.
did I miss the game?
Absolutely. RT I've gotta say, 45% when there were what, 93 people running? Very impressive.
and thanks for the help!
love the contrasting reactions :) smile......
Who coined the phrase, 'coined the phrase?'
how many of your girls are going to be playing?
RT : Did u know MoMA has online course-how Abstract Expressionists painted - learn how & try it #artsed www.moma.org/courses
Skate sesh at the bridge in joplin missouri when I get back! Haven't skated vert in forever
this chick was selling eyeliner for two dollars and i really wanted some ._. mostly 2 draw on myself but you know i maybe might use it right
And I was like really your blquoting Fast Five now! >:l
thanks fellow
follow meh :P
Seeing within changes one's outer vision. -Joseph Chilton Pearce
the goal is from NYC to Silicon Valley - We are working on the logistics right now. As for interviews we have a decent...
"Friends" talking about sushi made me stop (Taro's) tonight.. Train Wreck, Mariiyn Monroll, Unagi. #sushi #typox2 :O
Mention this tweet for free chips and drink today!
If you join my food think tank you'll become a billionaire. Contact me if you want to invest!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Spain hopes for fourth time lucky with bank reform
It's valentine save20 day throughout the universe!
I don't mind when someone uses a noun as an adjective. I just don't.
Idaho: North Idaho and Eastern Washington share a medical distinction: Both have far higher rates of parents not immunizing their...
I wanna see a #Spurs #Pacers final.
-Crazy black bitches on my tv.
Contacting me about business on Facebook: unprofessional. Getting my organization name wrong: very unprofessional
#TheWalkingDead is on !!!!
A master's degree is no protection against #homelessness if you lose your job suddenly.
ATTENTION:WANNA PERFORM AND MAKE SUM BREAD NEXT MONTH ON THE 17TH HMU. PITTSBURGH ARTIST'S OR SURROUNDING AREA'S. TY ENJOY YA NITE
Mine doesn't have a Thunderbolt port. Less collectible :(
Michelle Wilkinson kicks off the District 2 Toastmasters Fall Conference.
And people ask why I hate Wade
I'll be in LA for ESPYS! Let me know if you need extra hands on deck leading to...happy to help!
You picked one hell of a game.
Ah! Can't wait to see AMezzy in NYC next month! June 22nd please come faster!
they seriously need to investigate your house. You could make spooky cookies.
i haven't tweeted in a while. <U+E404>
Not sure whether that's a good thing... or not. But I'm glad you're both okay. Scary stuff.
Very proud of Sarah Mensah. Rose Garden full of giving people in support of NW Autism. For love of Davis and all children.
Amazing time last night with ! & on the same stage? Comedy heaven!
Long time no talk!
Musicians and dancers set stage for Dalai Lama at Loyola Thursday.
It's the end of the year and we wanna know, what was your best concert experience in '09??
Let's follow 4 follow. Will help support eachother? Try the site on my profile for mass free promotion.
To the wildest thing of all--imagination. Thanks, Maurice...
I'm gonna take you for a ride.
ic. So you call the person, and press four to record the conversation.
Fat n black is the worst
haha, yeah if i didnnt have to wake up at 7am >.< :p
Maybe I'll compromise and just go with a CSS canvas-type theme?
RT : RT Mt. Rainier 1st on the list! USA Today 10 great places 2 see spring wildflowers...
Sry to keep you waiting. Pls let us know the location visited so we can take steps to make your experience better
Legally you should be allowed to smack one person per day without recourse
Thanks so much Gary!!! I'll have to come over to London and play a show soon :) xx
Can you help us spread the word about our documentary in street music in E Africa? Thanks!
why am I running around austin saying o wee tastes like an Alabama principal. Not helping my social life
gm BDP5's. Please add me on Skype. My name is Yeshua_Won. I would like to chat about some business. Thanks.
just saw a little baby playing with a blackberry.. etrade baby maybe
fine with me, just means I am a great cook.
if you can just walk away like nothing happened then i never mattered to you in the first place.
Insane Clown Posse (probably the first/last time I'll ever tweet about them...)
wish florida was more like jersey i hate getting out the car to pump gas im get lazy lol
duh RT: Woow, you would : A vagina is a mans natural home
After Andrew Bynum's Game 6, I'm beginning to wonder if there are any elite centers left in the NBA who don't have emotional/laziness issues
Hey boys, thanks for the mention! Keep rockin & all that jazz.
hey, thanks! And congrats on joining the twitter
Way to redeem yourself K-Rod!
Sorry, I charge $25 per tweet.
Jessica better bring it! Y'all know how I feel about Mariah.
no phone. I got you tomorrow
Oh what a night!
Oh nuts! I was at home sick.
Someone said that and I just agreed
Dude I fucking hate everyone hahaha. Today is not my day.
Yes! A reception will follow at MICA after 5:30. There will also be a meetup afterwards at 13.5% wine bar on 36th St.
Sleep is healing :)
This shit hurt so bad
ringringring! HeLLO??? Adrian!! Thanks for following!!! talk later!!
Bad news its a girl. Where's the trashcan?
How was the morning run???
if you're not considering accessibility in your designs, you're not a UX Designer
You sarcastic? No. Say it ain't so.
Most ppl (99.9) would respect an employee thinking abt the company. There are some that might have issues but+
I remember when Colin Cowherd ragged on Durant&his benchpress #'s & saying Oden would be better pro.How'd that work out?
"My mom calls me in the room and is like 'look she falls in love with a gay guy, isnt that hilarious?!'".
We Are SO happy to announce our "sister" restaurant coming to Cleveland Park DC this May! Follow for the latest updates!
Tip #15: Wash only full loads of laundry and full loads in your dishwasher.
I'm like.. Stalking you!~
Let's go #Mavs!
headed to Austin! Anything going on?? :-)
sleep at my house..
hey at least I was listening to independent labels, just not on vinyl.
TACOS TACOS TACOS @ metro center w/ al pastor, pollo sofrito, barbacoa, and vegan purple potato. But don't forget your chips and soup, yum
That poisonous foil in Up Up and Away may just do the trick though. Heard Durant can't handle it.
We totally recommend it also! Best experience of your life and fantastic for your future career :)
follow back pimp
Dude said congrats . Lol , thanks . .
WHAT WHERE TELL ME
is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure
Haha its fine the same thing happens to me lol but yea I'm still doing film
The Spurs finished the season with a 107-101 victory over the Warriors.
“: A view to which some can relate: RT : Life is like a bag of weed, real good till its gone.” TRU <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><U+2755><U+2755>
Thanks for the heads up on Uchi! Currently on hold trying to get a rez...
So what would happen if #education spent more time building upon strengths than remediating weakness?
Appeciate the love pimp. Whats the biz on the collab? What r u tryin to do?
Grilled cheese on a french batard & gls of marelow calling this diva... Im starvn darln
If 1%-er building owners don't agree to fair wages & health care for janitors by April 27, thousands will strike in LA
GOOD MORNING WORLD....ITS NOT ABOUT HOW FAR WE CAME ITS ABOUT HOW FAR WE ARE WILLING TO GO-YOUNG.S
#TeamAdam is the only clear choice for America, the President has threatened martial law if doesn't win...
my office now has carpet!! and a desk!!! exciting day :)
Long, neon orange pants is where it's at!
and she's fucking hot in all her videos. I remember watching slave for you and do something and just drooling.
let me know when it starts...want to come see you! :)
talk to this guy -> he'll repair your iphone
on instagram that is
I LOVE RAIN
If the Yankees got damaged goods in the Montero deal, wouldn't it be on the Yankees "doctors" and not Cashman? They get physicals, no?
happy mother's day momma :-)
Was jamming to with my mom in the car today! She was getting into it so well she didnt even go when the light turned green!
Thanks Sellers! I still need to come see you. This week Tuesday perhaps?
oh foreal... i live in decatur...
*On Austin's concert* Fans: "The concert is so good." Mahomies: "OMFG THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE, I'M BREATHING THE SAME AIR AS HIM!"
Being sick sucks :/
Ready for another win!
Before you talk, listen. Before you react, think. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit, try.
So close to cody.
All those write in votes for my mom, wasted. My mom would be an awesome politician wasted.
I guess intent is the difference and world view vs Google/Apple/CIA view. That was high art when he first did it.
CD of the day, Don Trip Guerilla Mixtape. A smooth day at work...
Always use the vernacular of your consumer when creating searchable content
Absolutely - there is much much more to the translation of a name than just the name itself!
Off to dreamland..xoxo sweet dreams..
You can't even tell Stevie wonder has dreads until he turns to the side. Somebody should let him know it's time to let them go
I'm in a great mood this morning layover from last nights comedy
with some rice & beans am all in lol
RT : Hah! RT : Let's all quit Facebook first thing in the morning.
I'm low key 2nite
gotcha! makes sense.
#ThingsIGetAlot Your hair is so pretty
My hair looks worst then yesterday.
sure what do you wand Jess?
RT : sometimes i regret actually t..... a fan genuinely likes your music *you could piss on my bday cake and I'd still be a fan lol*
Who wants to hop on the #UNT or #TWU's Party Bus to #CowboysThursday?
Energy is finally at least at a 6
THANK YOU.
peace b!+C
hi, were having a ham eating contest and were wondering if your client,mama cass,would participate,thank you /s/ 2012 WI state fair
"I drive up to you, Daddy!" -- Li'l D, proud of masterfully driving an Autopia car. So much fun to share that ride!
Ima be in bmore after christmas. we gotta catch up. have you change your info?
You need a written selection and reconsideration policy, not just for coll devel but to deal w/challenges
Happy Sunday
is there anything else we can bring with us today?
So far, I've spilled cereal milk AND yogurt on my dress pants today. Sort of feel like I should go home and wash them NOW!
Heading to St. Louis in the morning! :-)
Who paid my college bill? ME! I should demand a refund! So weary of folks expecting everything to be EASY. College grads: pay your own bill.
swaggy and swag are both terrible phrases.
just the tip? lol
If you were to count off 1 billion seconds it would take you 31
This has been such a long week.
No to directors cut. I always felt "meh" about those songs.
you're going?! cool! we should go together!:D carpool and what not!^O^
Actually got sun burnt yesterday. This doesn't happen to me. Spending the day inside shopping and getting my nails done. I love vacations :)
If the #pgatour is worried about Earl disrupting play why not just start on Thursday and have a buffer day if needed?
#Cyclones just can't get it... Few more minutes to play
Your relationship is a garden. Time, effort, and imagination must be summoned constantly to keep any relationship flourishing and growing.
Time to go across town to Japanese Animation Club of Tallahassee on campus.
Sometimes you need to take a walk and get a grilled cheese.
Looking forward to my Taro reading later.
cool i like it
soon come bruh
DC: Early voting continues tonite and tomorrow. Get out and cast your vote. It's time for change. A New Jack City of sorts...
Yes, The Artist!!
is live right now listen in for some fun musics!
I' m thrilled I got my first choice #el12ala project: Team O working on the blog project. Can't wait to get started!
its been great. I hope to see you around.
So HAPPY to C #DMB 2nite! My daughter's 1st show! I hope
Watching rerun and wondering if John McCain is ill, given his wide-ranging, contradictory comments.
Michael Vick probably would have gotten a chuckle out of the dog fight that just erupted in my living room... I however, did not!
Happy early birthday!
god one real deep;)
You're so lucky! Hope you had fun!
haha...I'm waiting a little before I leave the house for just that reason.
my brother is the coldest drummer in the city hands down!
#MaleModelMonday shout out to
"He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty; and he that ruleth his spirit than he that taketh a city." Proverbs 16:32
Back at home from , was a twitter-less conference but an amazing time. Great to meet & participate and know so many amazing MUSEUMERS
I love too, but he's never gonna see this or follow me.....
his name is now officially Cooper, not Sammy. :)
Dear boy, do you like me or not? Sincerely, a girl that is crazy about you.
Don't need that, I want that....
Too many of these "Hollywood elite" people suck-up to the liberal left, and could not care less about America as a nation, free or slave.
I'll allow it!
I love DYLAN
how has your day been, Nialler? xx
The fat Sixers' fan behind the basket looks terrible.
like for instance I bet you have an amazing life story - share a piece of it with them based on am observation.
I have a solution
would you rather be under paid or over rated
lol yes we do! come to my senior night tomorrow we play carmel
1 Man Army...20 Deep Or Solo Im Still Gunna Shine!!!!!
that's my show!!
Don't trustem
Do you mean 3/27? RT : Rogue Beer tasting 2/27 7-9. Win a home brew kit. Featuring Double Dead Guy, Hazelnut Brown, Juniper
After the was war desolations will be determined.
hope you are thinking of the bbn when you make your decision today #GO BIG BLUE
Seeing 'Follows You' next to 's name when u check his twitter.
95% of CSU faculty voters authorized a series of rolling strikes in the fall!
Just had a great audition for - keeping my fingers crossed for a callback!
I can't wait... Will you be here in June???
So many awesome concerts in April. And I'm going to them all :)
The power shift has changed in the world of media--the best story wins.
Melo look good now
more than that x trey songz
on my way now, I look forward to seeing you!
Who is ready for some #HOCKEY!?!?!?!? Game on!
tell me about it! I'm ur cuz and u just invite me to these things but I need details.
good night everyone! Im gonna get busy with paper.. see you tomorrow.. same place.. uh idk what time :P
How I Know I'm A Major Nerd: Utter excitement when a new batch of glass negative reference photos makes it's way to my computer.
You have impeccable taste bro! :)
Tea Party crazies who think the President should be tried for treason & your joy of electing one makes you a bigot.
Good set tonight with Dave Attell (), Damon Wayans Jr () & others...
Why can I never be good at anything
wow. You know what I'm thinking.
Sounds easy...
you are one of role models :) you are such an amazing person <3 and beautiful person :) Please follow me <3
Today id a good day for
In the studio mixin these tracks down s/o 2 & more
Today's search and find - lay, lie, laid. Try as I might, I always have to look it up.
So true!. ": It's hard trying not to let your trust issues interfere with good people."
Just found every episode of Buffy on Netflix. RIP productivity and sleep.
Congrats and keep hustling man! RT : Looking forward to starting NCIS Los Angeles in 2011!
That would be great!
N that nigga shitted in a plastic bag n left it in my car
Where is Gerald's headband?
Don't take it personal
. That sounds like a great #hyperlocal blogging #resolution to me :)
Ablitech thought the UMD BioPark was the best place to grow their business.
which email?
Join me TONIGHT at the Jazz Showcase for a wild night of jazz with Chris Greene. It's a Tuesday but we'll make it feel like Friday night
OMGEEEE! Joohn he's from buffalo!!! And you go to Amherst during the summers! Ha
Clark Co. Sheriffs are investigating an apparent hazing incident involving several high school baseball players. Details at 5
At work hour mark does a nap turn into sleep?
thats good, at least you were able to get things off your chest.
trying.... Doing.
You once told me "the extras dont matter/forget the other females" i really want u to see that its really like dat for me...I love u angie:)
Watching the ORIGINAL Seventeen again :D
It's really simple actually. #FireCongress Arrest them for #Treason - Repeal #NAFTA - and fill prisons with politicians and attorneys
I love how i have a bunch of pictures of Liam shirtless! lol <3 xx
FHFe/Wellington tailgate Friday before the Turpin/Anderson game. 5pm at Turpin. Read preview
You can visit and live vicariously thru me.
You just burst the one bubble I had left. I will be finishing off the scotch tonight, fyi.
I met a woman today who had never been to an art museum. I know not everyone is as obsessed as I am, but it was still a little shocking.
Cheers to a great weekend!
Standing next to 3 guys discussing how one is planning a 3-some soon. Keep it classy DC.
Big congrats to Marina () AKA 'Madame Chairwoman' on her election as County Board chair - smart, capable & already leading
Trying to figure out what Google is thinking with the 8 bit map quest thing taking over google maps.
it's today.
food and beverage surprises!
Congrats to Greg and Candice on their new bundle of joy...Baby Jacob
you crazy.. nice name
thanks so much for the well wishes Chris! Hope all is well!;)
Great way to start the workweek with a package from with a copy of Balloons Over Broadway. Many thanks! Perfect for our library!
" For everyone of u tweeting me saying God is useless, I just prayed for you, so eat your heart out :)" -u did right! im smilin!
Today's BTU inspiration: "Even stones have a love, a love that seeks the ground." ~Meister Eckhart
I'm actually dying. this is why i love everyone. the world is just so happy. especially directioners.
#NSD is trending number one. in 5 minutes. no big deal though.
Firefox should make the home button point to the root of whatever domain you're currently visiting. That would be far more useful.
Going out tonight on zero hours of sleep. I am officially insane.
Rain, no snow in Salem, MA. But snow is lurking not far from here.
at the country club picking up the kids i nanny for. different world
AW YEAH! RT : New Bi-weekly "<<TheRewind" starts Tuesday March 20th @ "The Lost Leaf" w/ and...
I love documentaries :~)
": I miss home tho #PISTOLVANIA callin my name" wat part u from!
are aye!!! Hahahaha bad memory man x
did you read it? I want to when I go on vacation
No #1 seed for
That right there is a Daily Double!
C'mon get rhythm when you the blues
I'll give you le invitation tomorrow.(:
I just quit my job at Afni where I worked with Tim XD I have a job interview for goodwill on Saturday
so beautiful here today almost as pretty as you Missy.
Confucius said, "When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps."
We can't wait for watching #PartofMe movie in 3D
hahaha, Elizabeth was freaking outt! i was just cracking up to myself.
Yo Bro... That Original was sweet!!!!! Your Falsetto is Money!!!
K i guess im fat.
Dude. #Celebrate mindful #Gratitude.. Smile its a lovely planet!!
I made a 6 I think. I had dumb questions.
thanks. wife is doing ok. round 2 of chemo tomorrow at 845. thanks for asking.
Yay (and thanks)!!
coveting a nice DSLR camera and a kindle fire
if u really wanted to be with me you wouldnt have let me go in the first place. so be happy, u have what u wanted
If things around you don't change, change the things you're around.
Man in custody after bizarre high-speed chase
Yeah I'm not playing games anymore
Dat lady who beat ha child and put that shxt on fcbk, bxtch i hope u rot n hell =,( poor bby
Follow Jesus .....
Darn tootin' - I caught the fishing bug after movin back here. Would love to hook up soon no matter what.
#nccetl Gail Petri from library of Congress says summit one of the best gatherings of lib. Admin and parents collaborating- "the best"!
Are we in 4th block till 9:40 again?
dolo means solo...as in singular
don't talk to Payton that way. Have some respect, man.
In March 2011, we had the signatures of 430 University Presidents in support of
The final boxing scene in #SuckerPunch was pretty awesome, so was unexpectantly seeing a fellow high school alum on stage!
#Marlins win 6-5 it in the bottom of the 9th!
We Love the PACKERS!! So Proud of You All!
RT Looks like Houston is coming to town....M&T is gonna be CRAZY!!!
hahaha yes….isnt it also where falls in love with the convict
FLORIDA DIRECTIONERS REPRESENT :)
that thing is incredible!
Listening to Black Flag, while I slum the day away walking the streets of #ROC. LOOK OUT #recordstores, I'm comin' for ya!
Tai chi anyone? Good morning!
you gonna be in Austin next weekend?!
When a girl thinks u said something when u really didn't
You better believe it. The Boh keg will be chilling overnight so it's ready for everyone in the morning.
Only 9 days until Rock The Ink! Are you ready ABQ!?!?
nice picture cm punk
what is your problem? Keep my family out of your hate!
just like big oil and corporations ship all the money to you
actually, who cares? They speak french, so they won't know what were saying or how bad we sing! (:<3
my mom is here!!
What can make a really early rainy morning 100x better?? Starbucks run with !!!!
GOOD AFTERNOON!
What'd you do and where'd you go? Make me laugh and I'll send you a free sample of Closing Time!
wtf sign me up for that shit. pics first though.
ha yes-totally superficial! But the Arkansas marathon also gives out the biggest medallions in the US I think.
they never work for me smh I may need more than one lol
i cAN EVEN SHOW U A PIC OF ME
#BBN gettin behind Murray. LOUD in the Yum!
Alright folks! Got some work done! Got a work out in! Rearranged some things in the house AND got homework done!! #Progress <U+270C>
All follow/No Tweet.
I'm sure you'll look better tomorrow <U+E405>
More from UKansas' Cunningham: TEST the tech with the precise conditions a week ahead of time. A new web browser might break things.
Because she's a bad ass and doesn't need to impress men with her wardrobe.
follow my bestfriends and they follow back(:
My timeline is all mixed with #BOYFRIENDmusicvideo and #RIPAngle you can be sad but you can be happy at the same time<33
I'm baking red velvet and funfetti brownies (using recipe) and two cakes for my sister's bachelorette party Saturday
Eating my first golden beet ever at Bluegrass Kitchen. I must admit - I'm a fan.
YAY! Congratulations! Looking forward to have you with us!!!
Being 64 (and ailing) in 1807 is like, what, 90 today? That's not the main argument, anyway.
you can email me here:
And half of that's probably for House Frey.
yay! Yup we had an amazing time! ^_^ hope you did too! Hopefully we can go back again soon
Huge congrats to !
any other team would have scored at least two times by now on the jets
Just met and got a signed copy of his new cook book! Great job !!
does it happen to involve carl.....????<3
Peer review is totally important, but I am arguing that the commenting has the potential to broaden the shape of the field.
I can't sit around here all day and watch hell with it yea I can!!!! \m/
are there going to be any new "A Football Life" episodes this off season?
SHOUTOUT TO USHER SINGING IN SPANISH WOWZERSSSSSS LOVE HIM
I'm always a little paranoid when it's just me and the cats in the house. No or dog to back me up if they try and take over…
Vibrolas are amazing! Love this city
#Blastoffnetwork also added InterContinental Hotels & Resorts, Holiday Inn, and Holiday Inn Express! All with up to 2% cash back.
aint nuttin. I need ur number again got a new phone lost all contacts
Have you or someone you know made positive lifestyle changes? We want to recognize individuals at the Heart & Stroke Walk on May 19....
Sleep Time. Whoswitme?
Missed the #metrolink for the #cdp #cyd #convention and is now in LA traffic.... yuck!
Time for sweatin and dancin at
A man's true wealth here after is the good he does in this world to his fellow man. — Muhammad #quotes|
I have five hours of lecture and four hours of work, I'm tired just thinking about it.
lol I didn't know you were doing it at the time
just messing with ya. I am bad about updates as I watch. Sorry
couldn't think of2guys who r more opposite. Breitbart=no sense of humanity. Does he give any sort of fuck? ANY?
Haha. I understand. With the charging for house shows - it completely depends on how far they need to travel/where they are! (c)
hey is ESPNlouisville one of the stations on the ESPNradio App?
yeah or you could take the WR early and have him be a bust right away. Ask Detroit, or Oakland that.
I could lend you Brothers Solomon...Lol ;)
You should have gone to the Texans. When will the fans see a comeback? I know that you can still play at a high-level.
“: Please: If you are drinking tonight, don't let that stop you from tweeting. It will be hilarious for followers to read.” yes
I know! Maybe it's because Bmore is closer to Israel than CA ;) The comics are still in Hebrew though so I know it's legit.
Finally back in Miami
Tip of the day: Use your amazon wishlist as a shopping list for trips to locals deserve the money & tempe the tax revenue
Great !!! Programing Keep it Smooth : )BP
hahahahhaha oh my god this is classic. The ump is like "WHAT THE FUCK?!" What a spoiled little child. Kidding me?
Ms. is the correct etiquette answer to the Miss or Ma'am question
go to Hayes
And Also If I had A Irish Accent Like i Would Never Shut Up
RT: where will you be tonight? We want more! #JazzFest” the temple 619 carondelet @ 1a” see you there!
Me "im 2 math tests behind and I leave next Tuesday" math teacher "your only a freshman... Stop being so good at golf"
": mike tyson fought abunch of nobodies" lohh i have to teach u son
maybe....I just see a lot of players that go elsewhere and begin to hit ....Inge, Granderson come to mind
When you find a diaper sale or have coupons, buy extra diapers in advance to spare yourself middle of night run to grocery store!!
Take advantage while it last! Half off Personalized Labels from Label Daddy or Half off Tales2Go Book App! bit.ly/kE7aMH
God Bless America!
Don't forget to wear green tomorrow!! And, well-- you know! ;D
Psyched for cheesecake! The more the merrier! I love meeting my birthday twins!
you good!
What's the word on the movie "Don't Be Afraid Of The Dark"?
Clerks is the standard & I really liked Chasing Amy, but Mallrats is a guilty pleasure for me.
Just booked another movie...Friday will be in choreography gonna do my own stunts. Hope this was a good idea? lol. twit friends pray for me.
#visit your big sista in #LA #Hawaii &/or #Italy lemme know Boo! LovezYaz
When M. Bronson met wife outside jail, "She was wearing sleeping clothes & she didn't have anything on her feet. It was very bizarre to me."
"Look high and fall low."
What am i going to do for the rest of the day "Miami Girlz"
I will be the best me that I can be!
Hi twitter having a lovely Mothers day hope all the mothers we re spoiled today we deserve it, I cant wait til next yr lol
Lol! He's been hot regardless of facing the Pirates or not.RT : When he started facing Pirate pitchers.
Gonna spend as much time with my bestfriend before he leaves. Ima miss him so much , I already wanna cry! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
as says, our bread is saltless because the salty stuff (cured meats, chicken livers) goes on top.
you guys, I have a blister on my finger from last night's hot glue gun incident with
Was it good? I got more Swiss chard this week. Not sure how I feel about it yet.
Bro i just saw that mosquito bite you like a hundred times!#URKidding why you not tell me!
10th street is so fucked up.. Atlanta might as well have fuckin gravel roads.
Any other frequent travelers noticed that TSA has completely deemphasized metal detectors in favor of body scanners? All go thru scanner.
I miss old school cartoons
RT : New blog post: From the Hart: Blogging with Hillary Hart on Improving the Practice of Technical Communication...
I would say
My Google Play (read: Google itunes) recommendations are obviously driven by content deals rather than relevance. The new broadcast Google?
: Neighboring city Maywood voted to contract out police services, etc. Not your ordinary council mtg.
woke up to the police at my door? go figure my father has accomplished to fuck his daughter over AGAIN....GR What next.... :( ->KimBeezy<-
I'm the studio homie... what u thought? da grind continues...
Lord Wen Is Basketball Season Over So All Yall Kn Stop Talkin Bout Da Same Damn People An Da Same Damn Teams
The Hunger Games: An Alternative Media Movie Review - Bay Area Indymedia
this is how much I love you..... 9746283636194629462738472539386491057296825725820572082629506928474959683736728400387 :) <3 u
Like to send you a direct message you follow someone who promotes child ponography
as itext this i see the nyt has a story on the brooklyn bridge arrests
Hi Joanne, thanks for following me, see you are a marketer, what do you market? Visited your blog still unsure.
You know you've worked out good when getting in the shower is such a hardship..off I go
So what I'm chubby? So what I have a lazy eye when I'm tired? Yes we all have flaws but I notice it myself I don't need you pointing it out
you're deffinatly my favorite youtube star. (: are you gunna become famous? or... cause you need to.
I'm curious what others think about the Wikipedia blackout tomorrow. Thoughts?
yeah bigplayjean Xbox
Damn Kobe just barely missed that crucial 3
I think I want an octopus as a pet. They vomit less than cats, right?
Cant wait for the BTW ball on 31st!!!!
S.O.I
Captain Morgan Cove with Monarch Beverage and Great times and great beer!
This proactiv shit is making my face swell up. ><
Keep up the good work doc, you're putting out a great message.
Are You Gonna Go See The Fireworks Downtown ?
RT : Headed to to meet up w/ at - American Craft Beer Week is coming up! News coming later...
says... the one thing we learn from history, is we don't learn from history.
Enjoyed time with last week learning more about web, social media and Learfield's capabilities in these areas
creepers gon creep (;
woohoo! good news:)
i am looking forward to wednesday night with a passion.
Free blessings to everyone who reads this..((( Jesus loves you))) bless you with joy everlasting.
I do that as well!!! Haha!!! RT : Is it weird that I Google every unknown phone number that calls me?
have you ever checked out Mobile-XL. It's like SMS powered mobile web. Pretty sharp concept.
O, I don't care about the Titanic.
Vocal Rush wishes OSA a great time at PROM !!!!!!!
It is the Christmas season and time to think about a beautiful, seasonal floral candy arrangement for that special someone or employee!!
restriction order.
I new cowboys would lose....were playing against a world class quarterback unlike the douch romo we have.
Yes, it's cute...they're all probably thinking it is nap time though lol
communication is a very important thing. I may be a bad speller-- but if you don't try... I just don't give a fuck. LEARN SOMETHING!
how would you recommend I watch the draft and follow my TL? Stay off twitter all together??? Any advice?
Go Butler!!!
you suck. haha
EXTRA SPECIAL THANKS TO LESPECIAL AND DREZZO ..... IF U DONT KNOW NOW U KNOW, SOME OF BEST LIVE BANDS IN THE WORLD
This might be the most dramatic ending to any English football season ever...
Watching Bizarre Foods and they are frying taurantulas...yuck!!!
naw bro i just need answers for the third and forth page. call a brotha we can get this done haha
Glad someone got it :)
sorry to report perfect couples has been cancelled, no more episodes and no more #oliviamunn fix for you
"your drink tastes like the 80's". Quote of the night by
love to dicuss the future of PLE of english schools. Can we skype? Mail Klaas .com one of the seven fantastic tools
wat u up to
I'd say the same thing with less attitude&without the "you wouldn't care" part. &say it with an innocent questioning tone (x
Hanging out at 's #brewbash. Happy birthday in MKE Yelp!
Love the feeling after a great workout, night guys!
Haha you know me well! How was Seattle?
RT : Good Morning Family.God bless You...! And u too
Your new Twitter picture is so
Someone said I looked so 'hipster' today :'D
I am so stoked for Gencon, got a press pass this year too!
It hurts when u tryna text or call your first love, just to see how they're doin. But yet u get no response
it's 199... 200... 2012. Should be no problem.
RT : Zcoil shoes are here! Come check them out!
About to go to into an interview that could change my life
(Now that's really why I can't do a review; I have lots of giggly idiotic observations. Sorry)
Brother Albert laid me low with "purple lizard!" He's made me to have to mute the mic several times of late, including tonight
Enjoying 'Annie Get Your Gun' at Village Theatre in Issaquah with and my folks.
Fuck Global Warming, and fuck the Joker. Why doesn't manBat just kill him
I got my 420th follower TODAY!!! (hi !) The world is a magical place! Snacks for everyone!
11:11 make a wish! #SaySomethin to me, austin! ;)
trust me we started that way before he did!
why oh why did have to turn into an oldies station? Yearning for the good old days when the music was newer.
still you, because that makes no sense lmao.
Which shows do you enjoy watching on HBN? We would love to hear from you! - RETWEET -
I was meant to be a boss.
I can remember everything about the kardashians, but i can't for the life of me remember my 9 digit husky id number!
So bored
Moved into a new place and got a new job today! I also have the greatest family and friends of all time. Feeling very
i just read your bio, i love the last line.....creative
This is gonna be a LONG offseason, fucking NY post.
Savoring a Victory St. Victorious doppelbock and watching the flakes fall.
I've always had a thing for girls with red hair. I think Ygritte just became a favorite character of mine all over again.
Needs a glass of red "off button"
Rise up this morning. Smiled with the rising sun.
lmfao You always make my night Bro <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
This is so true! We'll never have that much money raised for Haiti again. We don't seem to grasp the urgency of the situation.
Thanks so much for the follow. Happy to connect and follow you back. Your site is great and really helpful!
I'm the kind of hippy that has a kale patch
Welcome to my world... See it as another reason to make friends!
With Artie gone for sure now, are you returning to the Jackie chair?
Christmas in July sale still going on at Diversity Thrift on Sherwood ave!
how can I clone myself?
Choices are endless.. What do YOU "choose" to do today?? Be Choosey
how ya feel x3
Duke finna bust that ass them plumlee brothers. Finna ball
Desire is an emotion. In fact, it is THE emotion by which thoughts are turned into things.
I swear I'm only happy when I'm with him
Audition Tip: If you enjoy singing a song, that’s a plus. But it doesn’t mean that you will automatically do it well.
Jazz Friday is tonight at BAM! Stop on in and see David Wills preform!
I'm counting on to find your marriage cups.
Thanks for all who came out for the concert tonight...We killed it! Shout out to Potency Kingofrap for performing "Elevator" with us!
#InOurGeneration we must stand for equality, collaboration and expose ourself to art.
balto is on!
Thank you, Andrew! Appreciation for the appreciation page - we'll take it. Cheers to education and all those making the difference.
“ <U+200E>"It really isn't selfish to think about how much God loves us...it's smart." - Jared Neusch”
Merry Christmas everyone <3
No more bus :D
just wanted to say hi, i hope to meet you in chicago in 2 weeks? :) x
I just miss you, that's all.
tired a'f
um I just know I'm drinking! Ha, but I do want to go see that Avengers movie everyone's been talking about. LOL
oh thank bout following meh. i follow ya back :)
Just texted my father a pic of endevour chilling in the VAB... wish he could be here too
the word "ban" is nowhere to be found in the text of
I don't know if you can say you "own" it if it was just a dream. And not even a desired one from the sound of it :)
If you get all "foul mouthed" during games, refer to Ephesians 4:29, 31 prior to kickoff tonight.
a few neighbors are from california and one family is from vegas....I was born/raised in chicago!!!!
Get their breakfast! It's a cure all!
Presented at the Central Texas Compensation and Benefits Association today on Performance Management and Rewards. We invite you to download…
Today's demo in NYC winding down....there'll be one every Sat. In December!
I'm on an Amtrak from chicago that just struck a car near Martin and Kronk in Detroit. No one was in the car. No injuries.
Yo we sent you a dope track, holla back.
Haha!! The Red Sox thought they were gonna win then the #Yankees pulled the rug out from under them!
SEO keeps getting harder... seek help from pros~
Fing FB,I can't get away with not visiting my family with the excuse I'm busy, they say not too busy you updated your status as bored, FML.
Its amazing how simple necessities like exercise makes dogs happy. I wish that were the case for humans.
Celebrate Earth Day early and watch "A Sense of Wonder"-a film about Rachel Carson, controversial author of #SilentSpring. At 3 on Ch. 36.
What doesn't kill you make you stronger...or sometimes weaker depending on what it is
Try this game. In crowded places, once a stranger makes eye contact, attempt to hold gaze as long as possible... You always win
been having issues from 3am-6am eastern US time. Driving me mad, 2 other sites on the same server are fine though.
Shooting for tonight!
Student sightseeing in Spokane - North Idaho College Sentinel
One of the best nights of my life
fsho... holla when you in town.
what's this about booze?
#winitwednesday tweet us "I wanna get fancy!" to win a free tee! Contest Ends tonight @ 5:00pm! Winner announced @ 5:30! Tweet us!!!
Just did!
Economy this week: Gold is down. Does it mean more confidence in the Dollar? How's the economy in your world? Call in: 317-736-0950
“: #SignsAPersonCantCook when the fire alarm goes off when tries to cook anything” True!
I just ate ice cream for lunch.
This has so far been the best weekend ever!!!! Not even kidding!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
Thanks, Bonnie. Busy with travel and once again out the door shortly. Have a great weekend.
I've obviously been talking to my friend too much, because I'm starting to pick up her mannerisms.
Do they know you're a Krav Maga master and can break their necks with a flick of your wrist?
Can't imagine the email notifications going off on your phone right now RT : RT if you have at least one thumb.
shave it! You're so beautiful & can get away with it!
MVP once again 3 out of the last 4 years it should of been 4 of the last 4 years. Has he tied MJ in MVP awards yet?
Is that the weekend in the distance? Last day for our Early Week Specials! Oh, and one more thing, HAPPY HUMP DAY!
Heidi Hayes Jacobs We need a NEW form, not just a REform
“: THE BOOK IS AMAZING. READ IT LIKE, YESTERDAY” I'm reading it now
We can't follow anyone else <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093> I guess we have a limit???
FOLLOW MY PERSONAL !
That moment when everything u thought was real changing just like that !
are you already back in nyc or are you staying for a bit, yo?
Incidentally, Express actually does have some cute blazers/jackets that aren't quite hoochie...
Congrats to on signing with the #Broncos - big year ahead in Denver!
“: this is extremely unnecessary...we're watching a hologram perform” haha
Can't count the number of times my Kindle rebooted itself last night. Finally removed all old files and did a hard reset to fix.
FIGHT FOR THE ONES THAT NEVER HAD A CHANCE. Stop abortion.
part 6 is up!!
Just watched Bad Santa... Incredible. Merry Christmas.
Even without the cake ... still seems to be just desserts. :O)
No problem bro!
I wanted to see what all the fuss was about....
I'm torn. Does Miami or LA have better beaches?
You can still bring your jewelry in to be scrapped, repaired or remade and receive a gift! :)
Wish I could go. /:
Time just go by to fast
please follow and they follow back
who's ready for
Folding clothes ._.
nopee! Not till september (:
#GhettoGameShow wheel of misfortune
Enjoyed these 3 days off but tomorrow its back to the money =$
#SNL needs more cowbell....
What kind of music should I rock out to today?
"Big announcements next week! Including info on the next round of 3-Day's. E-list to get access first!" ACL Line-up?
don't talk about it,be about it. Stay focus my cat.
To make reservations visit us at bicesandiego.com or call us at (619) 239-2423.
NetCDP, commitment free, best online backup to S3
#floor burn
Arizone is a special kind of terrible. Coughing up a 17-0 lead in the 2nd half to Detriot? haha, that's unreal.
#CNNDEBATE I disagree somewhat with Romney on immigration...other than that, he's a solid candidate.
Don't leave me here alone.
Can't get out of bed!
echo park lake
Sweet Discipline...... where are you? I am such a child. Just want to run wild in the woods all day.
love getting them good morning texts! means im the first thing on his mind
How do you know when to stop repairing broken process? Create productive chaos to interrupt, innovate, re-invent, redefine - REPLACE.
Bengals sign Morgan State FB Jourdan Brooks & Kansas State LB Emmanuel Lamur, club announces. Each tried out this weekend.
When you think a girl is goodie two shoes and then you find out they're a whore -_-
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you get caught closing the elevator door button as people are running up!!! Sorry didn't c youu
If I would still live with my dad he would kicked me out and than I would be living under the Chula Vista/ National City Bridge :P lol
An u guy follow for me? It's my other account cause this account is acting funny :(
Awww don't mention it! :) You're welcome!
Can't wait to spend the summer with
you And Your Music Complete My Life. I LOVE YOU<U+2764> You'll NEVER See This Though<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
because you are fundamentally a good person. :-)
Believe in yourself Have faith in your abilities Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be suc
Friday 3/30 at 11 pm, Rock n' Roast with the Doosh! Band Rocks, Comics Roast, You Roll
WOMEN: Does size really matter? NipplesAndNuts.com
My girlfriend is absolutely obsessed with Starkid. It is RIDICULOUS!
Excited for the #pbskids event at #SXSW this morning!
Van Nuys Sherman Oaks (VNSO) Pool opens this Saturday June 18th
ditto - but happy. LIfe is good on this end. What's going on in yours?
The State of Corporate Social Media [Report] via &
One paper down , one to go!
Agreed on both fronts. Rio Bravo is an all-time classic
No one's rewarded more richly than those who've helped others. It matters not whether they helped selflessly or selfishly, for profit or...
Wishing all mankind..a Wonderful Christmas and New Year...Pray for the end of Child Abuse and Neglect Pastor Kenneth M. Rector- Houston Tx
Okay bye again. Now I must learn my outlines.
Bros before hoes but ya WIFE before them niggas
His heart felt trampled? He just met her an hour ao. Can we say needy and co-dependent?
But I'm sure, we WILL get slammed D: ahh decision for an indecisive person. Not a good match
I reiterate my strong support for Limited Brands to purchase the naming rights to #Crew96 Stadium. Welcome to Stadium.
Thanks to everyone who told us what teams they think will be in the Super Bowl. The winner of our $10 gc is Ann from TX!
Staying up all night and waking up at 10 in the morning is
I hate that everything I do my sister is like I'm tell my mom
Thanks! Always look forward to listening and learning.
Definitely! Looking forward to it
RT : if i dont make time for you then youre not really important
Another 4 day weekend!
cutie pie!!!
s/o 2 stay grounded.. keep soaring!! <3
I've gotten messed with all day long. Everyone must have gotten together and decided to tease me. -_-
Happy Friday! We hope everybody has a great and safe holiday weekend! Please keep in mind that we will be closed Monday. Thanks!
there's a whole lot to the tax incentive story. It's a vicious cycle with dubious benefits to state. Prob is if a state doesn't..
If you are looking for a *really* bad movie... Thankskilling.
Really Peyton u were suppose to come to the titans!!!
No, I'm in Washington, DC.
Six Buck Chuck with Benton's Bacon and Aged Cheddar. Strawberry Banana Milkshake. #Caps on the screen.
get em Von
RT : #ff Show Your Support One Love
Feeling good today, got new contacts, gotta try em out
"Pippin?....SHIT! I have to write an essay!"
hey! kan you please help me get more followers! omg it would make my world shine! like you know retweet my tweets and promo me
Wish he wasn't from Maryland RT : You piece of shit Teixeira.
Woohoo. Having a great time tonight!
Taking my tractor to break out a small slab in Spring, Texas off of Treshwig Road. I will recycle the concrete we break out.
Need help with college search and planning decisions? Check out #TeenLifeLIVE NYC sponsor Emerson Educational Consulting!
Say "organic banana"
hey boo;*
Just rolled in to #Milwaukee at the ! The Garage is buzzing!
can't wait to use the new grill :) BAND BARBECUE TONIGHT !!!
i try not to let my anger get the best of me.
My life is finally falling in place. Thanku lord it is only because of you.
Wild talents had a great set. Come to Christys and Support local music!
I have 2 more years of college left... Have fun being a grown up!!!
Everybody is being mad boring tonight .
When people retweet me I wonder if they're agreeing with me.
It's too early to accept your apologizes . Good bye
Finally home and ready to go to sleep
New Glee tonight!! Wahoo
but the cover of the movie has him and a girl on it and its like a sunset maybe lol
Can't wait to get on a plane with this guy who is coughing uncontrollably
If your arm doesn't bend more than 90 degrees, swap your stand up coin work for David Roth's: injured arms are happier resting on the table.
WHY DO BROS NOT KNOW THAT YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO FUCKING WHISPER IN A LIBRARY? SHUT UP, BROS.
I'm so excited to hear at #va1 !
the buckeyes failing is present enough.
you're welcome!
These ads on Youtube are really starting to piss me off.
How is it still snowing? The weather gets high marks for endurance.
awesome! we've already got some early B2B deals in the bag... we just need find some bigger ones :)
thanks for the retweets!
I predict #NewOrleans will be laughing after #Hurricane #Irene peters out like Californians laughed after the "big" Earthquake
Thanx, Marty! Send some tracks! :)
Yes! It is working now!
RT : Sometimes a nigga need time to himself to think and relax
I wish #SecClinton was a few yrs younger she wld b a great Pres to follow Pres Obama in 2016. U.S. needs at least 2-3 #DemPOTUS' in a row!
I don't even really be texting anymore!.
hate to see you leaving GB. On the bright side, you can enjoy a Kilt Lifter from Four Peaks when you hit AZ
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy<U+2665> please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp <U+2665> 20
Damn I gotta stop at the market! This will most definitely be a quick stop!
I'm back to using #tweetcaster Bcuz #twitters android app is getting crappy.
What better way to start off SB than seeing Gavin DeGraw?! Not sure how the crowd is going to react to my singing.. I need you!!
Thanks for RT!! RT If you're up in a couple hours, I'll be broadcasting LIVE solo show in & o...
Tweet me numbers, I make typos geez.
Agh to be 21 again...happy birthday!!!!
agreed! I might b able to if I could just get away from this damned twitter! !!
Just home From a wet, muddy
Ah, always the same wherever I go! I LOVE their croissants! Delish in the morning with tea!!! I <3 TD!!!
Another reason we're taking a cab RT Waiting for the T.Just spotted 2 rats,or maybe mice? Looked big & gross
is thinking of having a little break after all the hectic days..
Im gonna shit on Batman's cape if he doesnt get his act together
Emerald Eyes almost finished. Hopefully, in time for Christmas for ereaders. Little later for paperbacks.
>>>>>People who take my wet clothes and put them on top the dryer
You said 'I love you' I said it to .. The only difference is that I didn't lie to you
Ladies and gentlemen, announcing the weekend is here and i greatly appreciate you all following me! Still sluggish from last night... ;-0
I put out a detail pension plan. Cutting after school program is unacceptable. its so bad thats why i proposed a 1cent
HA! - I adore my pet Rhinos! Yes, will be at ECAD and the many events surrounding it. Hope to see you there one year! :-)
oh yum! I like the name too, very fitting for this time of year.
Omg your dog. Adorable. :D
like grey hair old lady or Mrs. Robinson cougar old lady?
Thanks! RT Nice work on the interview! Truly inspiring to many.
I do not want to do my hair..
good point, hadn't thought of it that way.
MT : Looking at the menu for makes my mouth water. Bison chili? Elk burger? Schwartzbier lager? w00t!
why, yes. Yes you may. :)
Thanks, Tara! RT : Successful photo session at ! What cute pups and kitties! Will post soon to inbetweentheblinks.com
i wish i had you i cant live without you ! why cant we know each other better ?? i love you <U+2665> im #addicted to you !
Gina is so dramatic sometimes lol she gets on my nerves lol
Q3: More time working directly with students. Student interaction is a craft and finding your voice doesn't happen overnight.
truly you are beautiful the way you are not to be lame
I think it's embarrassing how he blows up over a rave review that only says he could stand to use more syncopation (he could).
In case you missed all the "superhappyawesomeness" on Friday, we'd like to again announce the launch of SmashTagConcepts.com!!
just here hella bored
Testing SGPlus to repost Google+ stuff.
Texting again :) Sorry to those who tried to reach me in the past couple weeks.
I'm glad:)
#Rondo is a BEAST
I sure will!!!
if u were the catcher..i would've doubted ur skills..lol
Lesnar & Batista, the new 2-Man Power Trip? That might be interesting actually LOL but Idk depends on the booking.
If you're goin to prom and luv me come see me at the DJ stage <3
luckyy, and I'm going to the hooka bar w mona n gina
#churchplanters Don't go further than your prayer life. If you do you will lose.
Sincerely, That Little Triangle
oh and girl no one goes on fb no more. TWEET IT!
#MISTLETOE is NUMBER ONE <33
is good she's well takin care off.......
It's all good baby babbbaaayyy
Go shopping & help our friend get a double lung & heart transplant! #shopforshar www.shopforsharlie.bigcartel.com
Thank You for #FF this week
peter cooper, peter cronin and i wrote song number 10 for volume 2 today
Just wrapped up a great research project for the ! Always fun to dig in to the archives & solve a mystery or two!
I take back my last statement...Pumped up Kicks just came on
In my opinion, $DROP keeps going tomorrow... it's too crazy!
All wrong-doing arises because of mind. If the mind is transformed can wrong-doing remain?~Buddha
ON DA TOILET
I'm not a speed reader. I'm a speed understander.
'like yanoe' love the irish:*
your on the radio :D
#makeawish don't ask I won't tell <3
I such a go getter
#FF is Follow Friday, when you tell people who follow you to follow someone that you follow...
that kid gave his account to me. I'll upload a picture to prove I'm real.
Run ponies run!
Telling the enemy what we know
Eyes gettin heavy
right on, it's challenging 140 characters or less. Follow me or look me up on LinkedIn & we can message. Thanks 4 the chat!
said last night #Hamilton would have been the all time HR LEADER. #Griffey would have if he stayed in Seattle.
Colorado Gore Range, Rock Creek Trail Head to Boulder Lake and Slate Lake is beautiful and clear of snow. Wet trails, but awesome views!
Ashley I Love how you deal with haters! Go girl! :) but you are very pretty! :)
I see there's been a misunderstanding regarding the both to which I referred... It weren't you gents.
“: M...its #FrostingFriday and of course we're craving something sweet....but what? Decisions decisions”
While everyone is freezing somewhere in outside tanning. (: Florida
since this school is so huge, I look at my new followers and think "Have I seen this person at school?" I have to think for like an hour
#specialty Gourmet Gift Retailer Harry David Offers Specialty Thanksgiving Gifts for the 2011 Holiday Season
Figuring out precisely what is important to me about the work I'm doing. Then I am gutting everything else.
Me too haha i dont why i an tweeting you when i can just text you haha
Wow my period is making me feel so tired and drained. Idk if ill be able to go for a 2nd workout later :(
I truly live your poster work. Have it framed :-D
; You're welcomes (: And thanks (:
I assume you're still following and ? Because you should.
Free pool, $3 Modello and Tecate, $1 tacos and brackets... Lots of brackets
You could take a little credit for this team. Your work helped to get to this point.
Better enjoy me now while I'm here!
“: “ I'd say my greatest teacher and inspiration in life & art is "haha NEVER! It's Diana Ross :)
iight bro i got you, this one should be done in a/b 10 minutes
if only you knew <3 ^.^
How can a monster be an homophobic person?
M: love ur pix u keep putting out there!
An emotion is a thought linked to a sensation. The thought is usually about the past or the future, but the sensation is in the present.
Say It Again Bruh, The #Truth .
Happy Birthday you stud muffin you
hi mom
That night NBC has Law & Order on. But season finale of SNL staring Mick Jagger.
Latest reality statistics: 3% have awoken with the red pill. 97% still continue to take the blue pill of illusion.
Appreciate the efforts of & of running #chidatadive—met *even more* great civic-minded Chicago nerds
RT : The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without a teacher. ~ Elbert Hubbard
Checked out Google Editions by searching for books I wrote some years ago: one for sale, one in snippets, one unfound.
watching #bigfish again. Thanks for showing it to me in college!
Breaking news! Jennie Jolie engaged to Richard Walker!!!!
Mauro let us know hom much it is cause I can probly get a good price on a limo
How you end a day is as important as how you begin it. Say/think something nice as you turn out the light tonight.
ask Jerry what he thinks about his brother Charlie being on The Bachelor?
We had Oreos in our morning meeting to celebrate... you missed out! not lard filled though. What a shame :)
When 10 year-olds try acting like they're cool and talk shit to you it's the funniest thing in the world. You're too young to be saying that
Off to photograph Garden of The Gods in Colorado Springs. Looking forward to it!
Nordstrom is hiring strong developers with .Net, mobile, web & JavaScript experience. Come work with an amazing team! Let me know if you ar…
Markakis and Jim Johnson make this afternoon a little bit better. Wins like this make me think this is a different O's team...
Ditto! RT Excellent time at the SE Heights' International Community Day. Thanks New Mexico Philharmonic!
A2. Survivors of suicide may experience feelings of guilt, anger, sadness and are at increased risk for suicidal ideation, attempts
I think I sat on the mummy like 25 times. #Universal >
i know right! :)
I do not miss these horrible florida track homes. They all look like dif color boxes!
I'm officially not a smoker again :) lol aint smoked al year
thats what I'm saying. Bones is gonna destroy
my parking skills are an embarassment.
really now?? ah
hahah I know, the guys a clown
How's Rome treating you both? I e-mailed you a short clip from your Clinton session. Hoping all is going well!
“: Are y'all going to #BASHH tomorrow?” I'm so bummed I'm going to miss it!
Omg!! Can't wait untill my concert!!! Going to rock that stage!!
Hope you have a great Fashion Week Robin! Let's all connect after! cc:
loving these #tips4interns ! Looking forward to seeing what everyone Tweets tomorrow!
David Byrne just pedaled past tartine restaurant in west village in the rain
Where were you when the towers fell and how were you feeling? we want to hear your stories
When a #publication pays late & tries to cover its tracks w/ "Accounting screwed up!" it's just saying the whole staff is inept.
I haven't been to a concert in forever! It's been 2 months!!!! :O
also: idea that ppl in nations that feel a common, collective cause (US: not one of them) are more likely to trust institutions.
Good morning! It's Friday!!!
We're open at 11AM! SW 9th and Alder. Back to the grind.
“: That tweet got me hungry....” Payback bitch
“: The moment someone tells you you're not good enough is the moment you know you're better than them.”
If you don't think every day is a good day, just try missing one. ~Cavett Robert
Great to see a friend in the NYT Book Review! Way to go
Beta recognize a Real Woman ;)
#itsabaddaywhen u have work for 8hrs and u forgot ur phone at home
South Florida followers going to this weekend check out our very own Travis' band Cypress on the #FPL stage at 1pm SAT!
you seem cool :))
#LMN movies all night, the usual.
Are you still hungry? We'd love to feed you!
#NeilYoung will be at DAR Constitution Hall tonight. Is anyone going?
I took video. Couldn't believe we actually heard it all through his warmup
Can't find National Page. Can U send URL but it is getting late.
its the new age, get used to it. We don't need a lecture from a scene kid that can't appreciate a band using all resources
Flash mob dance party at Whole Foods!
Why do you have me up watching Country Strong? LOL.
I'm @ Plan B already and set to go. Come on through!
Sunny and warm Saturday. Bring a bagchair, bike & make a morning centered around the Market. Weekly entertainment & free parking garage
Pretty please follow me? Before you get anymore followers and it becomes imoossible? Haha :))
Which song by Men at Work would you rather hear covered - "Overkill" or "Down Under" ?
when/if you ever make your way up here I have a spot for you thats a game changer
I finally found the right words to say to you but knowin you'll never text me again guess I have to wait
Omg it's almost tomorrow, I want that job so bad, I want it, I want it, I want it!
awww thank you so much ;)
wat up dude I can't find my phone
talk to me why don't you talk to me can't u see Im burning up when ur looking like that and I'm looking right back why don't u talk to me;)
Sigur Ros and Damien Rice not once but TWICE as interval music. HIGHPOINT WOULD NEVER MAKE ME SO DEAD.
Wow what a beautiful, spring-like day in #Pittsburgh ! Thank you Mother Nature!
Yes, you can!
all the pups are very different looking.. The mother was a small lhasa apso/terrier mix!
Brett!! You're not in the Bay Area are you? I thought I saw a tweet about SF on your feed ... Happy New Year to you too!
no sympathy here. Sweating makes me cranky. ;-)
I got the vino, excited for dinner.
Our drummer gary begins tracking drums for 2 new songs tomorrow! Bam!
haha, thank you! glad someone is .. or else people would literally think im talking to myself !
tubby all the way
Two tickets, £96ish... WE'RE GOING TO WARPED TOUR!
Starting to get aggravated with this phone now.
I really hope you meant "layover" #DamnYouAutoCorrect RT : lover. Just landed at Orlando.
Beautiful work!
down ...!!! We need to do that shit
Watching batman on my way home, whud upp!;)
yucky.I think that's the perfect word to describe the way I feel.
I am booking events for the 2011 Fall and Winter holiday season !
Appropriately, today (4/14) has been declared Milwaukee Day. Suggested (and cliche) ways to celebrate? Beer & cheese. :)
Layin in bed. Not even tired!!
MY BABIES.
Watching dr.who
oh , nice twitcon. who's that pretty lady you got around your arm sir? :)
Rise Together!
I got 5 on the Kushh & 20 on the drank.
OMG! You've never seen Star Wars? ;)
I'm giving Fresno a try in Novemeber… hear good things, but I've never run it before.
I know! I'm having a great time with my iPad! Technology certainly makes learning fun.
where can I read about all this hoopla, and who is DJ?
Teams with championships not individuals, yet QB's are measured by Super Bowl wins? Does that make sense?
We are officially sold out, but can seat stand-bys every night. To get on the wait list call 713-522-2723.
Rianne says you need to change your twitpic
I hate when people say they will do something for you and then they don't.
Great! Looking forward to having you. RT : All signed up for Saturday's tour and looking forward to it!
But if you do not do well, sin lies crouching at the threshold of thought, and it intends to control you, but you may overrule it."
Oh Letterman, making fun of North Carolina. Ouch.
Geoff Calkins: Grizzlies show fight in Game 2 - Memphis Commercial Appeal
I'll always wear black with brown.
Marquette looks nervous.... Come on boys!
no kidding- using Apple as a local manufacturing example was weird
too bad cnn basiucally abandoned sports years ago....huber was a pros pro.
of what? Games?
For every rt on this I will do a confession
yeah headed to Calgary
are you doing any shows in nashville?
If today was your last day and tomorrow was to late, could you say good-bye to yeaterday?
#imisswhen Summer was hot and Winter was cold, Spring was rainy and Fall was perfect
it's you're time girl. 11:11 <333
great content/panels @ #bootstrapmd today
I am a human form of non violence. I guess you want me to be a human form of destruction fuck your GOD
It is, indeed, some bullshit.
Hmm, suave and subtle, isn't he? ;)
Menopause: Their Things - Holiday Season
I held off as long as I could. You'll learn to love it, don't worry.
Going to sleep. I'm tired as fuck.
Who is your favorite PF member and why?
No I'm pretty sure I don't. Ok, maybe I do. But do I?
feeling disheartened.
SN but it was so fucking hot !
some times Ppl can't look in to the future and I don't think she can see past what he has settled for Jojo
Hope everything works out okay
I could not agree more!
About to go to 's house:))
David Castain ® Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Let's hug each other and mean it when we all meet at
That's the perfect time of year to go to Orlando, been there many times in Fall. Have you checked to see if TNA is taping? lol
today was a very relaxing day off............back to work manana!
George Kottaras to burn your asses again. Walk him! “: C'mon double play”
The blog is temporarily down for updates... Check back soon!
Great story on Warren Buffett's son Howard on tonight. Wonder if Coach Cronin was watching tonight?
RT : Letter to Secy. Duncan: Schools need straight, targeted regulatory relief for next school year. Quid-pro-quo approach...
omg adorable, he looks exactly like my sisters dog :-)
Every time I decide to focus & write these letters, someone walks in or the phone rings. Tweeting about it will help too, I'm sure.
Unless you change how you are, you will always have what you've got. ~ Jim Rohn
Rock my world into the moonlight!!!! :)))
Y'all dreaming and got the nerve to call it ambition..
If once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow-citizens, you can never regain their respect and esteem.
Even if I don't make it to church I always make sure I give God praise. It's very important to do that.
At dis tattoo shop
thx for the #FF!! I'm so bad with that! You are inspiring me to do better! =)
84% The Hunger Games Thrilling and superbly acted, The Hunger Games captures the dramatic violence, raw emotion, and ambitious scope of i
San Diegans, support local music! Two sizzlin' bands tonight at . Black Market I at 9p, Lady Dottie/Diamonds at 10p.
happy birthday
that was hilarious lol
Thx for reminding us what is important with your #WHYIgive tweet chats. To make the world a better place is #WHYIgive ...
Started using git because of this Zotero translator. Used CVS pretty heavily a decade ago and have half-assed SVN when needed recently.
watching Cinderella on BET my all time fav movie. =)
“: "Just because you have flaws, doesn't mean you're not beautiful." -Zayn #1DQuoteFans”
definitely CRASS! Lol.
the creation of the word "look" as an interjection can only be credited to President Obama stealing it from Harvey Dent. Now its EVERYWHERE!
Wonderful night with friends chatting over life at a new wine bar. Life is good.
“: just because I dont do my homework, doesn't mean I'm lazy. I'm just...not in the mood. #MeAtSchool” EXACTLY lol
Workout time! Chest and abs...
Influence is the ability to drive action. Everyone has influence of some kind. Make yours a positive influence!
“: Congratulations to and , Taco Madness finalists!”
Long day of filming wheelchair basketball ahead of me.
hey hey hey!!!
PowerShell, Exchange Management Shell & ActiveRoles Management Shell - Really cool stuff! Building custom management solution for a client.
I admit I have been slipping...
Thank you for the follow too! Honored ~ I look forward to reading your tweets
"You spin my head right round right round"
Simple clear advice in plain English
There are about 9 women who in some way shape or form consider me their son/grandson. I have a lot of phone calls to make!
Funny how when u call the Devil out, the temptation or enemy goes away...
If your not watching the hannity show you should be...
Ford Mustang Hoodie Hooded Sweatshirt – High Definition Adult White Hoody
Wishing all moms a very Happy Mother's Day!
RocLyfe Ent. has a photo shoot this Saturday
#SOTU #EricCantor won't be walking behind the #president next year.
Gonna be so lonely this break
Kardashian diet, start with no talent, eat dick, and suck at everything, you'll lose weight or something .
Good day so far
Sometimes you just have to let go *Deep Sigh* *cries*
Gearing up for our site relaunch! Just a reminder, we'll be offline on April 2nd. Oh! Oh! OH! It is worth the wait!!!
Dairy queen!
... too many neophyte directors use it, before they've developed a style or POV, or before anyone cares who they are.
Luv Everyone and so Happy To Be Able T o Chat To Everyone On This Going To PACCAS (Pac Fair) Todaii :)
just try and keep my TL Rated G please lol
Terrier recruit this fall making headlines #BU RT: Congrats to Nate Dieudonne Gatorade State Player of The Year - Kentucky !"
It is existence, not success, that eludes him.- Lahr on Death of a Salesman
Weirdest thing about this house: rain makes the Internet go out. So much for my productive evening plans!
I hide all my problems behind my smile. Behind my smile is a world of pain. You think you know me, but you have no idea.
Read the books, haven't watched the show, but still cheer that on like whoa. :D
Rates of condom usage are low among adults aged 50 and higher, with approximately 2/3 reporting they did not use a condom during their la...
nice points!
I drive an e86
It seems only a short time ago when we were first introduced to the cast/crew of GLEE and now it's at a crossroad.
The heck?
Life is what you make it so make it good
I know right?!<3
RT : Just back from water-tour of Milwaukee. City aspires to be global HQ of water innovation. Has 151 H2O co.s already.
“ #Virgo have ability to probe into anothers emotions & often can see their motives <U+264D> #LoveScopes <U+2665> #TeamVirgo”
i can be your car...you'll surely like, adore and love to ride
I've been watching what I eat. (not with my eyes) lol
thanks. Looks like mine is fixed
Sometimes you're best friends lie to you, disrespect you & betray you, so what can you do.
Is there a way to stop spam Twitter accounts from constantly adding me? This is getting ridiculous. I get one at least every 8 hours.
Boston market got me stuck!
been ready to kill of some dead weight! You gotta get some vids! My ppl can get you right
he's not in Vegas, he's hoping to do wire for stars but I guess u wanna do straight cash swap? He's living south America atm
“: I dedicate these 5 noms to not only the EDM community but all the unconventional forward thinking artists all over the world”
. I suspect that couple has bigger problems than their political differences.
"Krapp's Last Tweet" Should never gotten outta the boat with that girl then taped my troubles cause now I'm stuck in a feedback loop.
Oh dear, he'd probably love it. Haha!
I love when #studyabroad providers tell me about their programs for a blog post. They really give me major wanderlust. Where do I sign up?
Share at least one meal together every single day.
Just passed buzzards eating a dead deer. Definitely not in South Beach anymore!
I think I need a hug.
The strange thing is many of my best friends are INTJs. I'm an ENFP.
I'm finna jus duck off tonight....too many mfs tryna go to tha movies. Im good wit my pink moscoto nd' my loud :)
Agreed! I will miss his brain too. So brilliant.
Oh, Rocky Horror! I just need to make a dream list of dolls.
can u plz follow me?:)
LET'S GO FROM THE HOMIE
stqrting a business is easy 10 steps www.sba.gov/index.html
Ok Bulls won yesterday, an now the Nuggets... What it is #Bulls #Nuggets finals.
no ice-cream not peach..
i love them ok.
Talent/hard work/tenacity help too. RT : Owning a camera does not make you a photographer. A simple, yet oft misunderstood, truth.
is back for her American accent classes! Yay!
Thanks bro!
Check your inbox: RAMP's Breaking News says Radio One is moving WRNB/Philadelphia to 100.3 on 9/1, taking out WPHI (100.3 The Beat).
The reason most goals are not achieved is that we spend our time doing second things first.
Too bad, I saw a clip on YouTube that looked really cool. Maybe next year if I get to go I'll get lucky and see the swarm!
funniest round of golf I've ever had.
Tell beef he needs to dictate chat for you
it's horrid! All about arbitration money. I may cheer for the rox more than Os
U said when u get mad and I was finishin it off for u earlier sorry about that.
It goes far beyond furniture selling.
On my way to see THE TENEMENT PLAYS with Cindy :)
You have no clue so dont pretend you do.
You two!! Ahhahaha.
it was 2 bars.. O'danny's and oak barrel
Last day of March already?
is walking right now! Con-grads! (ha, I had to) #canigetayayYAY!!!
it's waking up to messages like that in the middle of the night that put a smile on my face. I love you. (:
I wish I knew. It should be covered by my renter's insurance, but I haven't gotten the bill yet.
Lunch with mom at beni
Sunny days ahead!
''Libby, you're fine! Chad has killed you with the super soaker before''.
"OK gang, you know the rules, no humping, no licking, no sniffing hineys"
Front-butt.
Not even trying to be on twitter because I don't want the last episode of #GossipGirl to be spoiled!
Happy Tuesday everybody! I hope everyone had a nice Labor Day weekend :)
Discovered a major website that let's people store financial info allows the username and pass to identical.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney
I have a pair of shorts, jacket, heels, snow brush, flip flops and gloves all in my car cause ya neva kno In Denver!
: it's like running near KAF
Wishing a veryHappy Birthday. We will have a yummy breakfast next week and "not" celebrate.
Marilyn Monroe had one of the most distinctive singing (and speaking) voices of all time.
*sighing in resignation* She made a haphazard attempt to open a vein.
I just laugh at everything :pp
MY WEEK WITH MARILYN on Wednesday night at 7:00 @ the Egyptian -- Michelle Williams and Kenneth Branagh will appear in person!
Which one?
is your restaurant open for lunch too? Wife and I are thinking about rolling through for a bite.
what time are we pregaming?
makes me quite happy to hear it, as I often receive reviews that don't understand the role of the researcher in the study
New friends r waiting to meet you at www.knowledgesafari.com #specialneeds #autism #gaucher's #downsyndrome See you there!
Of course this game is tied in the 3rd
Thanks! Please note that changed the day of this event to next Thursday evening. . .
I knoe wat u meant sweetie
Do you have some recent examples of using pointers in data structures in Scala? Do you always use Seq[A]?
Liam said that harry always wears a hat the day after having sex.In Sweden yesterday,Harry was wearing a hat.& SO WAS LOUIS.
lol what do you want ?
Fun and busy day :p can't wait for tomorrow!
haha chilling at a coffee shop downtown
RANDOMLY RAN INTO 's OWN INGRID B. BLESS UP SISTA, GOOD CHAT.
"Most Human Human" by Brian Christian is a great discussion of all of this. Highly recommended.
Thanks for the link! :)
yeah, I tried that argument, didn't work. Lol
Behind every player there's a girl that broke his heart
hahaha it's gonna be sick
hi doll! Can please help miss mimi pink share her message with all girls?:)..it would mean the world to me!xoxomp
That's funny. Didn't wear your go-go boots and mini today? ;)
will look forward to the NH drive-by. Try and avoid Oct 7-10, okay?
Win or lose, the Fox Sports Ohio Girls bother me.
"We are treated such wonderful work as " giving remarks to the smal but mighty staff &
By the way, I know your brother Andy!
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song ""Theraflu?" Fail or Cray?
February 7th, 8th, & 9th our menu will be $150 for a 16 course menu with progressions. Boom everyone should take advantage!
how good?
Free Lasanga Today
The deadline for regular submissions ends today!!
Yeah, that was CES 2010... They're feature fighting now. So difficult for average consumers to understand those kind of details.
THAT was insane.
Urban dictionary doesn't say anything on how saying "like a boss" makes you sound like a tool. C'mon Urban dictionary people need to know.
amazing music! magazine interviews! and New Singles coming soon!
So tired that when I blink, everythings blurry for about 5 seconds...
Oh Noo!! I totally read that wrong!! Hahaha I thought I was retweeting if I knee someone who needs a date. I have one!
It's one of my all-time favorites. And which HBO?
i had so much fun with and Twitterless-Zachary today! :))
is everywhere! We love seeing her and her amazing work! Keep going 110% girl!!!
not today
I tell her... I'm a loner Dotty, I'm a rebel, its whateva! On dat Rocko
yes. thank u :)
Man im sleepy af !
females these days only care about what club theyre going to next.. which dick they about to suck to get "on"
RT : Even if there is nothing to laugh about, laugh on credit.
Compare and contrast: Got a new place for you to try!
Thanks man
We haven't made it out there yet this seasons, it's been two whole weeks! Yes, we're bad parents.
Cant Sleep!
Good stuff! "I was obliged to be industrious. Whoever is equally industrious will succeed equally well." - Bach
crazy ass Marilyn lol but hey you definitely surprised a lot of people. You're still in school. That's great!
dont let me forget about the video, ok? :)
I'll take it
Anyone else seen this yet? I didn't get it at all.
Don't get me wrong it would be my pleasure, to sing a song that could remove your jeans and your sweater.
Much more appropriate... RT : Childish? Unprofessional?
Kentucky is bout to get a W
yup. keepin this one project vague & discreet. ;)
Allergies. Monday. I guess it's all happening at once.
interesting DWill trade, the Jazz got great value for him
Baseball rules! “: ... And here I am, going to watch Moneyball.”
RT : Being Jewish, I am not worried about the rapture. However, the possibility of a zombie apocalypse concerns me.
hugs Stef thanks for stopping in.
But Ryan isn't on the air right now. He would maybe play it on his morning show..
I appreciate appreciating things
Yay for Friday/the weekend! Boo for losing an hour of sleep Saturday night.
where you at bluhhhhhh.
Awesome! Now you just need 'big country' to sign it!
Follow for me<3
Hi friends: I'll be away tomorrow until May 14th - but this Twitter is going to be taken over by my lovely colleagues during that time.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: After a divorce, should a parent have a right to ban the other parent's lover from being around their kids?
yes, I will pass to programming committee... though not so much on the neuro area, speaks a lot in this area
lolol his face was very perplexed. Now its just strange...
Dear Day, Quit getting away from me, you sneaky little bugger. Silverlining? Closer to #craftbeer-thirty!
Celebrate Education is happening this Friday, March 18, from 5:30 p.m. at the Maui Mall. All donations benefit Seabury Hall High School!
I like to go for bright cherry red or turquoise. They go well with tanned skin (when that happens).
I wanna see.
I feel so freaking good right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
hope you have a great day
Rule No. 1: Never lose money. Rule No. 2: Never forget rule No. 1.
you bet your big ass I did:)
Listening to Luke James - I Want YOu
I like Novy, Hughes Family, Stryker, and Donelan. Chateau St Jean and Sebastiani are also pretty good as far as big producers go
Congratulations! Unfortunately, I can't offer much MN knowledge.
so my sophomore year is almost over YAY!
Here come the Brittany Griner dunk tweets
#NW Wife Swap .
“: Beyonce VS Rihanna??” Beyonce even though birthday cake is a hot song.
yes. Tacos.
Hi Patty this is Don Cop4Life. It's been around 12 years . Call me 818 572-5332 or email me . I have some ideas
I'm so lucky to have such supportive family.
