Dear Seattle snow, I would appreciate it if you stopped so that I can drive home from the airport tomorrow and don't have to leave my car...
Good morning everyone
Fact #3: like how peope say: "treat others the way you want to be treated", literally treat them how YOU want to be treated, RESPECT you ...
interesting link - did you google it?
Thanks to for introducing me to #untappd. My alcoholism now has a social paper trail.
should follow me back bc I'm his #1 fan!!!!
When I'm quiet, strangers look at me and think I'm shy. People who know me think, "Oh my God. She’s thinking! Everybody run!"
Good morning peeps... It's cold outside! I guess Salma Hayek will have to warm me up at 6:45am!
Agh sitting around waiting for the kids isn't so bad in my new car.
Please be careful! It is awful out there!
outgoing and competitive and like reallyy friendlly
Bring Hollywood Home salutes Senator Curren Price and the Arts Committee for the hearing this week in Sacramento to save arts education
HaPPy BiRtHdaY!!
all 4 corners of sunset/highland = 70 library rally peeps! Please join us!
Obligatory LOL Bulls lost, out of playoffs tweet.
I agree. It's really public domain so people should be prudent in what they say on social networking sites.
bbygrl<3 i miss you D;
iron fist!!
They don't show it here until 8:00. I'll have to wait for my trash bag viewing.
ARTIST COME GET YOUR NEXT PROJECT DONE WITH US! #UNLEVEL PRODUCTION TEAM. MIXING MASTERING AVAILABLE EMAIL DM US FOR DETAILS.
Obligatory twitter post
A little less than one hour left! Make it work designers... (and engineers, educators, farmers, et al...)
Reading sci-fi. Wondering which of our US political parties has a hive mentality.
I'm sick thanks to my babe lol but its all good lol
oh ok.
Good Morning <U+30C4> Thanking the Man above
Cannot believe I missed Bill Murray in #RVA!
What is your greatest strength?
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you have your wedding reception at the Old Country Buffet! No lie, I saw this in Milwaukee, WI!
Thanks to all who attended the Mail Masters Open House yesterday. It was a great event!
Snow will make a slow commute. Stay tuned to the FOX9 Morning News before you head out. And drive carefully, please ;-)
Same here!!!
Do you think so far ahead?
"some of us are trying to work, so would you PLEASE shut the fuck up!? Thanks!"
RT : North Carolina homophobes enact homophobe law to show devotion to noted non-homophobe Jesus.
Awesome! What was your favorite wine? RT! --> ": Amazing wines from Croatia and Slovenia and superb food "
congrats! That's the way to close out a game & series!
get a new one! you got the same number though ?
I love the idea of a webcam on the stacks:) Please do.
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass anyway
"He has the personality of a dial tone."
Don't get someone's hopes UP if you know your going to shoot then DOWN.
This song got me anxious for my big cuzin party this wknd...i just want some food tho..
lol almost fell down the ladder in the outcove to where the spots are.
I hate who i am and wish i was the old me, he was alot better
CALL ME
u cop from z?
Next week Arizona turns 100! We're looking forward to all of the events happening in the valley! What's your favorite thing about our state?
yes, GM resisted, but it's clear now that was futile. There was no private money for either GM or Chrysler's 363 sale.
thanks for the follow... Be sure to stop by throwthefight.com !!! Thanks again for your support!!
Hey guys I'm back... It's been a long day..
Goin to sleep #happybirthdayAlex will tweet again tomorrow. U R EPIC! Hope u have the most Awsome bday ever!!!
don't tell them. They'll take that away too.
We'll be playing a FREE SHOW Mar 7th at 12th & Porter, Nashville! Show starts :30 we go around 10:15! Bring all your friends & party w/us!
hey guys i miss u
why don't they call charges or traveling on the heat? i mean it doesn't really matter but i feel like im at a globetrotters game
I'm in the library. Where are you? See you tonight?
Lol wow just saw the pic
can't talk yet! I took a view of silence for bullied LGBT kids.
"if i'm louder, would you see me?" YES BABY I WILL OMG CAN'T YOU SEE I LOVE YOU LOVE ME NIALL.
Just realized I have 3 more weeks till finals than I'm done with my freshman year of college.
sad trombone!
I hope so! In your opinion do you think there will be one??? All of my friends love the show we watch it all the tome!
What does God say about? Lots of good things.
RT So inspired right now! So many ideas flowing to me. If only I could stay in this place more frequently. Ask & it is given!
Thanks for following, good to meet you!
I seriously hope you aren't only on Face Book...
Wow. Lady 1: Can we talk to you about Sara? Lady 2: Sara who? Why am I even here?
Thnks “ Thoroughly enjoyed & learned from the Wknd Biz Podcast (like eavesdropping on a hi level discussion) & hope it'll ret'n soon”
I'm in the fast lane, tryin to flip and get a grip on my mind
Give us a call at 888-502-3336, and we'd be happy to share some info with you. :)
I need sunglasses on a day like this damn I should backed up lol
hahah thank you :)
You know I totally agree. Sometimes getting up in the morning and getting dressed requires creativity ;)
know of a group of people wanting to chill and learn? I'm down
So ready for D.C.
#NowPlaying "You Got It" by Roy Orbison
what's good fam
did that make it better?
Picking out a new desktop for my new job - which one should I get?!
So... if I told you that I was showing "Sifl & Olly" in class, would you call that a bad idea?
Yeah whats your number?(:
They are having issues right now.
Each audition has three components, the entry interview, the performance, and the exit interview.
but tell him he's kinda cute please?
I only had time for one pic, either or ...tough decision.Umm. Hey Z, let's get that pic some time soon.
Just want to #thank for bringing so many people together with instantfollowback.com #followback #instantfollowbackgradea :)
Great game from the #Mets today... Peanuts are on me!!!
lalala ne ne ne ne ne ne practice time....
Relaxing at the beach.
obama just kicked all the homophobes thru the goal posts of LIFE. shoutout ms. deizmann
My typical workout involves eating kettle cooked chips. It also kicks my butt.
Hm, I wish that could have gone a little more smoothly
Looks like the link is broken - could we get a repost? Thanks!
So many men shimmying...
Man these fukn ducks round here be walkn round here like they humans...ill run you duck ass over
RT : Source: #Brewers sign SS Tommy Manzella to minor-league deal. Manzella, #Astros' Opening Day starter in '10.
I'm starting a foundation to hire a dribble coach for Dirk.
Missouri State Board of Education meeting beginning. Alta Vista and Confluence Academy charter schools are up for renewal.
That moment when you leave the restaurant & realize that you left your box of left overs on the table..
ATS's final solution: uninstall and reinstall the entire Adobe Master Collection. Fuckin' brilliant.
you'll smoke some kush with us? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
thanks for the follow and good luck this year!
How do you wash it? Is that your real hair? Just let it go becki and compliment me and keep it movin'
If you are patient in a moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.
About to see Zoo Keeper with my little man. Theatre is empty and it's a new release. Uho.
Smart girl. Love the pic and the wallpaper - pretty in pink!
Got a complimentary comment on a #LibGuide over the weekend. So nice of the student to take the time.
So, what are you telling me? You're viewing this from somewhere far out along a space-time continuum?
getting ready to interview Stay tuned to find out what they have to say!
My universe will never be the same.. I'm Glad You Came <3
Met a member of Koko & The Sweetmeats who lives like 6 blocks from me. Wish we had time to stay for their set.
thanks for the follows!!
I'LL SEE !!! RT : WE GOING TO THAT NEW RIVERFRONT PARK TODAY AT 6 BE THERE
Make it!
Wtf random headaches.
Thanks for the mention!!!
you know Anthony Tambakis? my mom was going through old pictures & found a picture of him at her graduation wearing ladies (c)
Uthoff on the prospect of playing with Dekker: "I could have played alongside of him, and I would have had no problem doing it."
I take out my phone on purpose to look at my wallpaper cause it's cute ;) <3
sometimes you are an evil evil man, giving us little tidbits like this! ;-)
Did I eat today ? I'm starving right now, Damnn
Tasos thinks there are three quarters in hockey. Three quarters is not enough of anything.
: Seriously lol! At least they will know by your cheering who are you rooting for.
panjot! I did
i just threw up and died
better pick to win this season!!!! #SHARONNEEDLES!!!!
Napoleon, don't be jealous that I've been chatting online with babes all day. Besides, we both know that I'm training to be a cage fighter.
I took two different quizzes to see what my clothing style should be. The first result was Summer Beachwear. The second result was Goth.
mhm Chicago is always cool to go to. How do you like Texas?
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085> Gettin my nails did-just noticed the lady next to me has dragon feet....<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B8>
Would be a great event for DK to do........ Gain more awareness and it could incorporate anyone to come help
Community Day coming up Saturday. Fun activities for the whole family -- art projects, break dancing plus three galleries open. Noon - 5 pm
I wish I could learn I was allergic to a medication before it sends me to the ER all night long with an asthma attack.
WOW i just made a twitter and i already have 58 followers? #yee u guys are amazing!
yes, but i'm at home today bc i'm ill :(
Had to use the pointy end of a nail file to peel off a book label.
YUM. is that downtown?
You sure said it, mine is turnig 15 and it's the best and worst all at the same time.
yeah good times!
Airport terminal or cruise ship promenade? #adventures #arewelost?
I ain't doin dancing lls you must be out your mind.
#WhatHurtsMeTheMost is that and will never follow me, even how hard i try... :,(
Why is Arizona so cold today?
“: cuddling > wrestling > kissing > hickies > lip biting > hand guiding > a little aggression > moans > grabbin .”
Like a high school reunion, that conference is. Stayed just long enough to keep myself out of trouble.
Thanking God for waking me and my love ones up this morning
PARTY HARDY
sucks for the Dodgers...
Absolutely. Between them and DC it makes me sick.
Technology is hard and confusing. Is Geocities and Friendster still cool?
Never SECOND Guess Yourself!
is it the end of a marking period or perhaps the final days before April vacation?
allow me to introduce you to the fine team over at
I know it hears ugly, but is not! Is delicious! Original lays with sauce!
I'm a rock whisperer.
time for eggnog and last minute shopping. love it!
Where is my gambling announcer for this game? This spread is still up for grabs
Heavy music can be very motivating. It is visceral and the energy is contagious. Rock on!
#MMAF2011 great last panel!
It's like you're two different people lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Okay and thanks :)
Going to see some Dolly Parton covers tonight in Ballard ~ can't wait!
Was it via email? Letter via mail? I just want to make sure it never happens again and find out what happened in this case.
Brain won't stop spinning. Great conversation tonight. w/
" Shoes over tattoos !! Copping OG PLAYOFFS saturday hopefully." Tattoos are forever though!
i no its an old movie but i just watched the last song... its gotta b the best movie u guyz r amazing actors!!!
you are someone so wonderful, you are my closest friend, and with this I promise, to love you till the end!
Thank you for doing such a nice job on the article about our domestic violence meeting. It turned out nicely. Happy weekend!
Literally I sound like a pack a day smoker right now....
My variation of follow Friday - Friday Favorites!
Feeling sick.
: fablabs/hacker spaces/maker spaces distribute costs of maker culture tools & gewgaws, just like we do w/other materials.
Were your ears burning last night. Had dinner with and your name came up.
In a relationship you want someone who you can be extraordinary with instead ordinary apart.
Current topic of office chat: why hasn't anyone gamified spam-reporting? I'd totally rack up in-app purchases on SpamBlasters™.
Hand this iPad to your CHRO and say, "discover." -
Dear advertisers, When commercials come on ten times louder than the show I mute the volume and ignore it.
you're lucky I love you! ;D
Dave! When are you gonna take me on a date to chickfila lol
Thanks! You rock!
london and france! :)
About to go over wedding food with my mom and Robyn, deep breaths, deep breaths....
fake nigga's be queit! Hha jpjp well good luck not that you need it ! ;)
RT : Age is irrelevant. Who we are as a person matters most. Celebrate every person's unique abilities.
I agree. If more people used the Spirit instead of the flesh we'd have a lot fewer divorces.
Even a mosquito doesn't get a slap on the back until it starts to work.
Congrats ! Eric Quigley -SEC Player of the Year, Head Coach Dennis Emery, SEC coach of the Year.
oh I got it, and lmaooo TO YOUR TEXT. Am I like the only one that doesn't take my phone out in school? I read like 7 pessages(c)
So HAPPY FOR YOU! Thrilled you made it happen!! Enjoy!
I just keep thinking about the fact I almost came to church by myself this morning
Probably better to focus more attention on bigger cost problem than on more specific debt problem.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you have to request a new neurologist because yours is sketch
Watching this Packers-Giants game is making me feel better about our Niners' chances next weekend.
OMG THANK U FOR GIVING ME A HEART ATTACK.. I ALMOST DIED.. OMFGG.............I THOUGHT U WERE BIEBS.. EFF...
hey can i get a follow back :-)
Showed to my grad Oral History seminar today as a possible outlet for interviews & they loved it! Reno TBA.
ur ao sexy u know what and I'm do my little dance on the cat wal
Making Turkish Coffee For The Fam
cool..im glad to here it..
Fairy tale for me. I'm way too excited for that. Good luck!
#dickinsonproblem that big crowd on the first and second floor
#Yeahilovethat crack cocaine
happy birthday gods. youre a beauty my brother <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Perfect!RT : Tomorrow is National Wear Red Day! Support Go Red for Women movement and help wipe out women's #1 killer,heart disease!
TMZ reporting that Dick Clark, America's perpetual teenager (for a while, anyway) has died from a heart attack at the age of 82.
yes, they ought to, in other districts they had I guess
Oh okay sounds fun! Have fun! Haven't been in years.
Tues May 8! We are very excited! RT : Yes! Opening soon and should be awesome.
At the barbershop waitn to get this shape up...
Or to sing country music for the rest of my life. you always want what you can't have
Nail salon real quick :3
You made my day today! Looking forward to our next session. :-)
We're having a volunteer meeting tomorrow @ 4:30pm with a tour of the current show. Interested? Contact:
Attention my Men followers: Snowbunny OR Beach Babe????
Tkc pub run-in: Annie carrying "Currents of Marxism" and a prof's manuscript.
Oh the disadvantages of being short. Merp
Thank you! I'll wear it with (Bull) Pride!
Have we reached peak peak?
Tamara! CALL SEAN'S BLUFF ON HIS BOGUS TALKING POINT ABOUT NOW NET JOBS! OMG.
Stop counting crayons, just draw pictures. - Mark Scharenbroich
Are you shucking kidding me?! Super shucking jealous! Wish I was shucking some oysters right now... Let's go
Me talking to people: "Let's make artsy stuff!" from the other side of the room "Woo!"
thanks for follow! India's a leader in new tech in diplomacy, would love to get your input during #futureofpd event tomorrow
But students would have to have Skydrive Accounts . . . (also a Google school)
I suppose his videos could monopolize the market of teachers choosing to not use their own videos & not create their own resources.
I leave for Florida in the morning.. Sigh.
You heard it here. Prince Fielder by over 18 feet.
arent u bently sister...do he have a twitter
Yes. And then you start trying to insert hypercompensatory "u"s into everuything, like a vowel-mad Englishwouman.
By the way, this has little to do with sex. I've been through the wars the past 5 or 6 years.
My agency just started offering free online marketing evaluations for shopping centers. DM me if you're interested.
Hi my name is i am not a rapper...only on that beat that makes my racks grow faster...
This was a record #trickortreat year! 280 pieces gone in 2.5 hrs! We ran out twice. I love being a home owner in
Jacobs will also help 49ers contend...for most untimely unsportsmanlike conduct penalties
“: trix was the world's first multicolored breakfast cereal.” Not true. I colored my own cereal before trix
So since everyone wants the #Clippers to win I'm voting for the #Grizzlies Hell I'm closer to Memphis anyway
Ugh, make it 2 goals RT : We're into the third, still trailing by a goal.
Yes plz make excuses for how u really thought you were gonna get a player like him to settle for a hoe like you.
that is truly, truly heartbreaking. i hope it doesn't last long.
Gettin' cozy with the on this chilly day!
Ima bad bitch ya dig.
so glad you had a good time! sometimes for L, L, and me it feels like a meal we made for a dinner party; had to tell how it tastes!
My diet this week is going to consist of coffee, water, adderall, and jimmy johns. Thursday come faster!
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing. - Abraham Lincoln
I think should start making crop tops for Fresh Dough and sell them at Warped. I'd probably buy them all.
What now-defunct station do you miss the most?
Twitter winners: , , : second, third and fifth place winners
That was slick.
But im.back to regular ole me now lol
Corbin Bleu will replace Hunter Parrish in beginning April 17th!
Dear iPod, When I put you on shuffle, it means play all my favorite songs. Sincerely, Skip, skip, no, no, YES SIR.
Lmaoo let the man live!
Which pols are re-upping? BTW - has Romney, Gingrich or Santorum commented on this? (I know Romney was asked, but ducked it)
Oops, that should be Cath, not Cathy. Curse this auto-correct!
Tom Barrett and Jon Erpenbach just walked into Espresso Royale to say hi and hang out. I think John Nichols is with them outside.
To bad you have none (:
I'm on the edge...of my seat...and hoping Gaga stops in da Burgh.
Don't ya just love when things are obvious but you never realize them?! Lol
<U+FFFD>SEO is by nature a cross-functional exercise
Twitter was used to help organize protests during the 2011 Egyptian revolution and the 2009 Moldova civil unrest.
Good morning #cildc!
What's been up???
I like her little hat. Sassy!
6 cans of pineapple juice, and i do, whateva i feel like -jess de rivera
Swag + Maggie= swaggie. Justin and I came up with that together and he put it in his song. Just sayin'
you have your heart attack yet? What's up with your Spartans? That squad wishes they had u and mo pete right now
I you got a strange direct message from me I apologize. I got a hack/spam message that I did not know about. Do not open the message.
My aunt Toni is always tweeting. She's tweets more than me lol ;)
OH. i heard Robert is gonna be on Austin's Ustream. :D
This is just disrespectful lmfao
Yep. Will probably seal the deal within a week RT : you sellin the mini??
At cheddars!!! Yeah!!! Love my new iPhone 4!!!!
ditto...should be a good week!
Hey, thank you very much. An honor to be in this list!
to be a guest on Saturday morning at 10:20 a.m. MT.
Omgosh! Sonic on rt 22 east by the warren exit opens tomorrow! 9 to 11! I am so there! Who is w me?!
WOAH. Just walked into an American Apparel for the first time.
Minneapolis bound!
“: did an amazing job at Lonestar Park..<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>” Thanks! We had a blast!!! See you next time PAO!
Ahh i miss u bitches!
what kind of phone do u have??? #htcamphibian lol
That's what I do best: whining/researching/sketching/doodling/mofoing. J/k on the mofoing. But all else fits. Time for a change.
Even If the King would come here, I would not expect the Orioles to spend money. :(
honestly, there is no sexual innuendo like elevator sexual innuendo
Damn knicks vs heat first round wtf.... This shit aint gonna be easy
To, too, two; two tutu; tutu too...it's all the same, really.
Beginning of July. I am going to the ISTE conference with Jason and Wendy at the end of June, though.
live music nights, do you have spoken word artists as well, poets, NEO soul?
Filming a Spec Commercial today!
I wish I were quicker with camera. Guy chattin up smokin hot chick w/ toilet paper on chi n from shaving.
I think the term "swinging bunt" offers far too much credit to the hitter. "Blind luck" is much more fitting
Need help writing the next paper or business plan? Call Your Thoughts, LLC! 1-866-694-8528 or email us:
still havent gotten my ZOMG bracelet yet and its been like 3 months :,,,,,(
I can't cognitively function and listen to Bach simultaneously :-)
Don't mess up something that down for life, for someone who's just down for the night.
At 5:19 left...Spero Dedes just said "The Knicks cruising to another win"...has he seen a 4th qtr of a Knicks game in the shot clock era?
Oh jeez, shots fired at Virginia Tech
DEY SO NOISY SMH ITS NOT EVEN FUNNY
Yep .... Does it work for you, and if so, how (specifically), and what's the time, energy and money required and ultimate ROI?
Happy #CyberMonday! Where are you shopping online today?
The North American lottery system makes about $70 billion every year... More than the movie, music and porn industry combined.
BREAKING: Newt admits there is a challenge that may be too big for him to solve.
Several festivals this weekend, then a party as Minnie Mouse to finish the weekend off!
your everything is excessive.
i am going to miss you so much while i am gone babe, muahh, xoxoxo <33
BUZZ, a young adult novel available in English but also in Chinese and in paperback or in any e-book format. SEE WHAT THE BIG DEAL IS.
hahah! :) i love you.
#YouAreTheReason why i wake up every morning and smile. i love you guys soo much and couldnt imagine life without you guys
OKAY I WILL. You could always just put it to voicemail!
Bachman got stronger by the Republicans that's good news because if she wins the nomanaition Will Obama defeat her 4 sure
- I was at the publicity dinner for , the show I've just been cast in. We open on the 23rd of Feb. STOKED!
In Dublin & listened to Wood Memorial on phone. Tom Durkin is still a marvelous racecaller. Great call on #gemologist win
We have a couple great newer brews! California IPA, Nut Brown, Old Nate's Pale, American Amber, and of course the Red Wing Red.
And these scars are still shown. When will they heal?
With the customer signing up for these messages voluntarily, the business is already sending notifications to their target demographic.
Ahem. I wish Justin Bieber would hold my belts.
Officially an iPad owner.
Annoying things about womanhood: plucking your eyebrows and there is a stubborn hair you just can't get with the tweezers
LADIES LOVE ME <3333 love that song
Why you gotta be so mean?
really hoping that this season of the amazing race is the last appearance for rachel and brendan on reality tv...
Bombshell of the night! Someone in this room has never heard of Boblo Island
Well deserved!!
me and Pablo are going to try and get into the 8 pm show on to night. Even though it's sold out.
Dad was an audio Engineer for 5 miles of cable and parabolic microphones on Dry lake bed. Cried every time.
Thanks for an amazing event! One of the best! RT: Sold out dinner Amazing Sriracha calamari
I don't even wanna talk about it!
Can't even explain the way I'm feeling this morning, but nothing compares =D
Trips BEFORE would be great also! RT : Yes! Lots more of those. Or trips BEFORE the wedding.
I know i'm the girl you want the most.
Comics A.M. - Archie Tackles Breast Cancer in Cheryl Blossom Story Archie Comics to address breast cancer, healthcare! Paul Gravett on An
Minus that redhead. See ya later
Anyone getting to #Netroots on that Tuesday & need a roomie? Thanks!
Going on my first date tonight to see #TheAvengers and so nervous. Any advice?
looks very similar to mine. :D
It looked like a tornado had hit my office when I got back to work last week, but I think I've FINALLY caught up!
One more #DenverRestaurantWeek meal tonight with and It's so great the week is actually two weeks :-)
We create our own limits.
The Sonoma tourism board just called... They want us both back for a tasting next weekend! If only...
New ‘Hunger Games’ TV Spot, Images, & Official Rating
Cause I'm the Mothafuckin Boss Bitch!!
Here's to the college kids who actually go to class. #gottagethatA #gonnamakethat<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Finally! Dusting off the board and hittin' the slopes with wifey. Thanks for arriving, snow. #shreddin'
This will be just the start of Bret's "remodeling". Haha. First the Camp. Then the closets, garage, etc
I work in 4 hours. Since I wasn't able to celebrate the 5 I celebrated the 6.
RT : "Hope has 2 daughters, Anger & Courage. Anger at the way things are, courage to make things better than they are." Augustine
yeah tru tru hahaha but have to say in the beginning it seemed like a porn video from all the boobs and butts scenes haha
Congrats to the Lady Irish! Always Number 1 in my book.
John Ladley : "an explosion in semantics"
$5 Tuesday! It's too hot and humid to tan outside--stop into 123 W. Madison today!
no you're not going crazy haha. i noticed that too! :)
its like messi's and pique's goal against real madrid......beautiful back heel!
Had a good day today in New York City today now on my way back to Houston right now
Dear God.. If you Exist I want to talk to you honestly ''we need to talk''...
you can't stop the wave, but you can learn to surf :)
Forgetting what is behind and straining toward what is ahead. ~ Philippians 12:14
Long time coming RT : S.O my nigga , the last of the 21Club..
If anti gay marriage proponents had to sign doc admitting to being bigot before prevent gays from marrying gay marriage would pass tomorrow.
#WeWontWork; if you disrespect your parents.
is Newman your professor?
back from work cant wait to get this place going
It sounds like they want narrative nonfiction? I've been looking for some in the 5th-6th reading lvl too.
Just met adam irogoyien and he totally signed my converse!!!!!! AH!!!!!! :D :D his arm was so warm!!
I'd have to prescribe my music if you need a laugh...
we'll call in the car and ill tell you her name then cuz i dont want people stealing it to get tickets
you were really fired up about it. It's a bummer, better luck next time.
LOVE your music video! Good stuff my talented friend!! Love you!
RT I love what the both of you do for our culture of love keep up the excellent work!
We are still trying to convince one of the writers to see The Smurfs--that will be interesting...
you could run #gridworks on an open IP and port and let other people access it. use -i option for host and -p for port.
#BOYFRIENDReview i'm listening it 123987434 times in aday
yea bro!
i followed him! Much love <3
Don't get 2 comfy relying on your existing clients. Go out and get some new business!
Ditto all that, except it's milk in my coffee
Don't know your secret, but a tail is hard to hide :)
Thanks for a great seminar!
no worries! clean slate :-)
I just ordered a copy of 'My Mother Was an Upright Piano' short stories by - what a great title! Very excited :)
Guess what is supposed to be arriving in the mail today???!!
goodnight sexi sleep tight ;p
Maybe. I've been getting information/studying for at least 4 hours today. All this reading and stuff is giving me a headache. :/
Computer would not boot up because the crappy SATA cable was at an angle. I haven't even touched the inside of my computer for months...
... y soporta flash?
Thanks for tuning in!
At this play
RT : Love adding a little sugar & salt to your vinegar, then making quick pickles w/cuke slices!
Happy Mothers Day to the future mother of my child.
if I was you I would have said so "why are u breaking ur neck to look at my phone?" and make sure he reads it. He'll be like Wtf
#Pisces A slave unto there own desires and imagination, hard to resist, with eyes that show the deepest of hurtful disappointment.
RT : The Young Milwaukee Charitable Organization Inc. proudly presents the 2011 Youth Football Fundraiser. Details at...
Prospective intern just said rescheduling interview is fine because it will "give [him] time to shower."
Pondering on the issue of asking for help.The whole thing is strange.
Don't treat God like you treat yor coworkers...you need to do your share of the work in order to get the blessing...IJS
- Abel Thomas, please DM me ASAP regarding interview today
Okay that's enough safari pictures from last year. Can you tell I'm excited? #IfYouKnowMeWell then you know I love animals. :)
I agree. It's why I moved my daughter to California. I wanted her to know more than white people. ;)
Support the entire purchasing lifecycle through mobile
2012 election almost exclusively defined by the 1%. 196 individual donors provided nearly 80% of super PAC money giving $100,000+ each
An OZONE ACTION ALERT had been issued and is in effect until 4 p.m. tomorrow.
SWAT situation finally over. Got a lot of paperwork to do. Maybe will give us peppy pills so we can stay up and get it all done
YOU ARE YOUR OWN An Artistic Gallery Experience tomorrow! Sat 5-9pm. Dont miss it!!!
Lady saw
This is my 1000 tweet!!!:D
I hope everythings okay.
Just saw "The Dictator." It was Aladeen.
Made appointment last week to look at 8 potential new offices today. Now only 5 are left. Economy is turning around in Seattle.
Thanks for all the RT's people! Keep doin what you're doin!! The 505 rocks!
Enjoying one of the better social media presentations I have seen by
I wish she was here now so i can get it
Drive for Charity just one week from today! $1 from every trip donated to local charities. Goal is $30,000! SBXThe125.com
OMG. WANT! RT : Egg scramble breakfast burrito on whole wheat tortilla with salsa, and of course coffee!
No dad I won't get a haircut it's 2012
May 5th taste of the triangle. $20 in advance, $30 at door!
Im going to get a lot done today! Gotta keep working hard.
Marketing then party with
The debate crowd is extremely well behaved tonight.
Moreover, the online retailers are not only the suppliers of printer ink, they also supply equipment and fax machine cartridges
I'm just going toned bye ! So stop !
thanks so much! i'm so glad you like it! :)
These baskets have microphones, this event should be rated NC-17 for language.
Are you holed up somewhere working on an outline/script?
I have seen enough to know that I have seen too much...
#Avengers rocked.
Good Earth Tea!!!!
I can't believe I hadn't bought Of Mice & Men's album until today. It's so good...
PIERRE is stock in traffic. We'll get #Metro Center a little late. Stay tuned for arrival.
I hear rye does wonders. Awesome story coming in email soon re: ruthless rye
Our event planners will help you with all the details of your next party. Let us do the work!
I see that Dave Nash is my rep. I know Dave! He's such a great guy. Thanks again for your help!
Apparently also saw the one presentation I really needed to see! Might call you on Mon. about that Matt.
Wow. I wonder what that dude thinks IS a well-written show.
everyone be sure to tag in your sports tweets from now on
Watched Killian in The Armando Show IO West tonite. Lots of laughs!
smart move...us too!
Oh, I can see behind the curtain. The wheels are cranking, turning. It's all wrong the way we're working.
did you get caught in the traffic of the rollover accident on the Palmetto too?
Super schlick! And it better be...:) Love the different length bios, esp. "Interminable Length"
read the previous tweets and the new article on the site.
if i was a girlfriend i never let u go..
MARY KELP AND SPLASHLEY, CRUSTACEAN DOMINATION, SHELLY.
Never! Plus, 4 p.m. is prime time!
Heading out to the meeting! Industry night! You know what that means!
you're welcome! Inspired me as a pregnant woman with first child on way!
We are at Zappos again today. Thursday we will try Vegas.com one more time.
No problem~ How's everything with the band going?
man its been a while but I'm back! Checking all my messages. Lots of thanks for the rt's etc.
so hot in my house #cantstandit!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
My reality just set it.
Apparently a 5.6 centered in Richmond...being told to go back to work.
how's my future look Nostradamus?
By taking this action, I hope that I will have hastened the start of the healing.
My thoughts and prayers are with Please know we are all thinking of you and hope you get well soon.
Here are some of our top picks for the best quotes of all time on business:
would need the dual-ply #shamwow for this mess!!
Please stop by 's Blue Santa Breakfast tomorrow, 12/2 from 6-10am! Bring a new, unwrapped toy & get free hot breakfast! See u there!
yea dats my jam.long heel.ha ha
need to meet this team in person!
Misconception that "everyone can do art" but "only a few can do science". Art can help make science less intimidating
season is over
darn you...so bad 4 my diet! Didn't need to know about They r too close to home!
if you aren't too busy, could you check out my new livestream for church? How is it? www.livestream.com/fcgvin
I realized the Grand Old Party was over when you booed the Golden Rule.
hey! We print on sweatshirts, pants, jackets, bags. We can help you get hats embroidered if you need them. What are you thinking?
#MoviesThatShouldntBeRemade "The Players Club"
Lol my bro is only 16 months and he's already trying to do flips!! Lol
This AP class brings my confidence down -.-
Anastasia has pretty clothes...
Bridal veil is blooming in our neighborhood. Makes me think of small towns, front porches and the book "Dandelion Wine."
Happy Thurs lovely! How are the morning workouts going? Take the Nike approach: Just DO it! ;) Plus we have sun early now. Yaay!
Born to be Wild is the cutest movie ever. The baby monkeys and elephants are precious. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Are you local to Portland, OR and need custom shirts? Schedule to check out our showroom of samples before you order! :)
Without local bands, there would be no national bands.
Still reeling from all the #NFL news today. Holy hanabells.....
glory to your underwear.....
We need more followers the next 5 who follow will receive a free class call 2017636677
Red solo cup... I fill you up...
I would love to be one of your five fans!!!
“: hacked by Spikey Mikey:-)”
New video almost complete keep ya eyes open fa it
Thanks for the follow Kamal!
Thank you for bringing out the evil in me b****
Thanks so much for the RT!
I am a mess.
Finally found some time to film a new video today. Now to the editing room. More tips on how to get bikini ready should be uploaded soon.
Great visit this morning with Sen. Hunt at Harps Mill Creative School. Big thanks to Dir. Amanda Kowski and staff who were wonderful hosts!
creative motivation: The greatest revenge is 2 accomplish what others say u cannot do
Enjoyed my meal @ Fogo de Chao...I'm so stuffed and sleepy!
This this class be over already...
Keep the Beat LA chant going because you're still getting shutout 3-0 right now. Heyoooo!
Hey follow back so I can DM you about your acting class .. Thanks
paid 1million $ in support, never went to jail over it. Pay ur support guys. It's not Gretchen's response ability to pay it.
To all out Waldo Cooney fans, have a great Monday.
I don't know how lesbians do it. I REALLY don't like other girls. Girls are bitches.
We had a wonderful time! Thanks for having us.
can we skype really really soon please?
Wow, Safari is unbelievably fast.
It amazes me how somehow everyone ends up being connected in one way or another.
RT : Walk around this AM in Oliver. Using BMore 311 app to report dump sites.
aw that's really nice ^.^ thank you so much (: so are you , and i like your hair! :)
Time vs $. My time is cherished because I can't hit rewind; however, lost $ can be made up.
Yes, do, next time you're here. Hope Breanne is OK. She's so nice
Sarah who?
there are worse things than being stuck in Paris, one of my favorite cities... can I get stuck there/
i think my laptop is having a seizure
I just realized that my kiln full of student work has been on low since 9am. Completely forgot about turning it up all day.
Sandless sandbags- Looking for serious investors to make this product thrive
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself. - Jim Morrison
I'm going to work it out! I know you are doing BIG things.
hey brother
I forget 2 use twitter sumtimes but i nvr forget about whos on it, i love u all and thank u for being there for me!!<3
We & kids are on precision timing to get the door each morning. Today I dragged & made Mrs late. So, I delivered hot oatmeal to her office.
GOP Reps. Ron Paul and Justin Amash (a Paul fan) vote no on Lena Horne Recognition Act. Measure passes 410-2.
": Drake and josh is on tv I repeat drake and josh is back on."
please follow back it would make my day big time! :D xoxo love u : )
... of course I'd have to have some evil tendencies in the drawing, something dark with her. Hmm.
Glad you could make it to Austin. Don't party too much, big day tomorrow at #innotech RT Howdy, Austin. Great to be here.
I want to move to a different country! #notfeelingithere SOME people are to superficial.
you just pissed off TONS of #UK fans!
I play some
I ain't no bro though.
H Hoops too much on the glass pull away in the end to win 73-54 over D1 Ambassadors to advance to the tourney Championship
So happy thats its finally may
Not digging the #emmys, if you're going to go cheezy satirical, at least give us Gervais!
Greek the freak out
nah umma still b both but not rappin no more
Loved it, but Dare Iz a Darkside is my favorite
Sharing the gospel at the Henna Party Workshop
I liked it. appealed to my angsty teen girl sensibilities (both the book & the movie). did you read the book?
it is about $15.00 for his book on amazon.. i just ordered mine yesterday and will get it friday or saturday!!
In this bitch till 7
hahaha We're definitely related. Next plan: take on a new city. #Chicago or
I'm glad I am not the only person that hates that band.
What is your favorite era for the JSA. I have to say the early 2000s were excellent for the JSA.
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions.....Im putting up the one half in the bank && the other half, myself, my family && fiance are going HARD :-)
#APSA Virtual Brown Bag Series: Landed A Job, Now What? starting now!
: opening line....Dont hate me, hate the the money i make..... classic
check my last TFLN retweet... I think you'll like it
Holy H that was a great basketball game. Unfortunately I wasn't cheering for Kansas.
Bored sad
The Lions defense is giving Brees too much time!!!
Our roommate claims that there are areas in Ohio that are nothing. No government. Emptiness.
A fun day for Playdate w/ the Bearcats, 2-5pm to raise $ for ! Hope to see you there!
I Had A Great Day W/ BestFriend , Caro & :D
School/house work.
Thighs shakin toes curling scratchin my back n jerkin ya head my heart stop den i pull out n watch u wet da bed
weird. I was with that guy tonight. I looked up the closest tweets, and I find you :) hi!! I'm kristie :)
I'm done with fb. YAY!! now on to google plus or something. i mean right now i have a blog. and a livejournal and ten thousand other things
thanks! I'm glad you like the site.
#SmackDown what are u saying because USA USA rocks
Booked a late return flight to Texas so I can watch the Spurs playoff game
follow me Sarah? your beautiful! xox
I can't wait to get home to lay down
happens to us all. Hope you had a great weekend!
Your body is just the place your memory calls home.
Did u know Dwntn Miami residents that bring a cork into tonight get 10% off!?
Yup. They're all really good. You'd most likely like it. I haven't met a person that hasnt lol. I used to not care for sushi either
sure thing!
So many tweets about Game of Thrones inducing "(nerd) boners", yet no one has made the obvious connection of calling them "Throners". Sad.
In every victory there is joy! "The king REJOICES in your strength, LORD. How great is his JOY in the victories you give!" Psalms 21:1
I'm a #ProudBull MT : 65-54 victory over Cal is first-ever win for #USF men's basketball team in NCAA Tourney!
Ha! It's not until next month. I'm going to Memphis this week for the Distance Library Services conf
and the truckers from New Jersey delivering China made to Menards! Count them too!
Check out today's article in the metro section page B1 plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate 4 Cleve Clerk of Courts
Looking forward to some home brewed stout to bring in the New Year! What beers are you having tonight?
Just about time for Day 2, Keynote is New ARL Best Practices in Fair Use for Academic and Research Libraries
well, hello there!
Tomorrow we are going to meet up w/ Eric from Camera Can't Lie and book dates to record with him! who's excited??
Thanks for the lunch delivery, and great prezzo! My 3 p.m. cookie snack was also delicious!
I wish my brain would go to sleep. My body is cussing it out!
meshia you shut up !.
Ill do it later i gotta go off now. Sorry :/
RT : .. officiating in college hoops is laughable compared to pros. [that's impossible!]
I've got 3 page done out of 5. Homestretch! I just need to stop taking breaks. Impossible because I love breaks!
I'll have another!!!! Dude was in my top 3 picks!!!
what band is that?
": Goodmornin to the sweetest have a gr8 day ma!!!"...good morning boo boo and thank you....u too!
Wonderful point! T4: Why would we want new technology innovation to stop?
New icon (:
Just dropped my son off at a wrestling clinic with Olympians Spenser Mango & Nate Engle. How cool is that?!
That awkward moment when you see 9 year olds with boyfriends or girlfriends, while you're still single.
My last tweet made me laugh to myself, and it was not even that funny, at all.
that's what I missed most when I was in Indy!
they call me mr 100! they call you chris jr
forgot how fun terror tuesday is. even when the bad film is bad bad and not good bad.
It's Crazy That You Feel That Way. But Yet Here I Still Am.
are you backk?? Are we going to the stand up comedy thing????
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Tom VanHorn
If we were to recycle/re-write some songs from the Reviler EP for an upcoming release, what songs would you want?!
amen ms.meyers.bless day to u n ur staff..
Thank heaven for the screw top.
do you have any extra passes for Mirror Mirror, American Reunion, or something else for this weekend?
That was a fast and furious 5 minutes of hockey; these guys are playing as though it's Game 7. Love the passion and intensity!
Yup! GM to my Cancers Once determined you cannot shake a #Cancer's mind. They'll see through to the end.
Love the guesses so far! Some of you are getting warmer...warmer... #PXYSJ ^Raph
un diner presque parfait
He gave me poetry... he was my first...
^ I figure that if the children are alive when I get home, I've done my job. Roseanne Barr
Y.O.L.O #HHE #BPR the take over is HERE!!
u done..
thank you, sir!
Your bathroom smelled better
didn't mean it like that
Great idea! I mean, the beaches here are nice too ;-)
congrats guys! xo
If her boobs are the same size as her fists
Oh you've given some thought? I mean it would only b smart since you're already under
Only wish I could try some of the free samples.
Where did VIP sell out?
Alabama Shakes!
I wish I could be omw to Oakland :(
please make my wish come true nd follow me back!!<U+2665> #NeverSayNever!(:
why so many people gotta be jelly tho?
@ FCC/Knight Foundation Digital Inclusion Summit
so close yay!
Anyone want to tell me how to cure my mom's pain?
I actually already had a bunch of beastie boys songs loaded to start one. RIP.
A needed break from finals prep. Tons of new footage in #LostLandscapes of SF & hugs from old friends Moriah U & !
lol! get yours *MC Breed voice"
Mock turtles all the way down.
Too hypothetical, impossible! Learning w/o facilitation? RT : Q2) What if the "Learning" dept only focused on learning
Happy St. Patricks Day! Walk-ins welcome! Men clipper cut $15, women get a BLow Out and cut $30. 5135 s fort apache rd.
my patna had some. He sold his though
It's Friday, 85 & Sunny. Let's Sonic! #Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd. Exit 18 West off 695.
Hi Cheryl! Hope travels are treating you well this week!
Su, su, sushi. Chocolate covered bacon (on a stick) tomorrow!
Just registered for tomorrow! Looking forward to meeting peers and sharing in the awesomeness of this industry. Thanks sponsors!
i guess he likes eggs
Ok Marry The Night is growing on me!!! God damn you lady gaga
The Houston Hoops 16u are off to a great start this weekend ...finished 3-0 in pool play. Bracket play starts at 7:15pm tonight.
Follow me and ill follow you #teamfollowback tweet more biatch
thank god for performances guarantees at guitar center
If it keeps raining lift ur thoughts above the clouds. The sun is just hidden. Success is as well it is just covered by cloudy thinking
I can draw on paper quite good actually, but on an ipod, I draw like a 3 year old.
#IA2011 attendees - come let your inner kid out to play tonight!
Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone!!
i love you follow me plisssssssssssssssssss 1
Emotionally: I'm done. Mentally: I'm drained. Spiritually: I'm dead. Physically: I smile. -- Lost™ ()
I'm 1,225 miles away from Austin but distance doesn't mean a thing. I will ALWAYS support him, when I stop will be when I stop breathing.
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I- I took the one less travelled by, and that has made all the difference. - Robert Frost
Shit turns out different than u expect ..!
lol I see!!
Thomas Troward on the process of visualization: "Having SEEN and FELT the end, you have willed the means to the realization of the end."
Congrats to Matt Kuchar on his win today!
watch you'll be just as obsessed as I am haha! Best of luck. =p
Noted sir...kill it! ": not sure of the number, but faster than that guy who played Chad Bradford in Moneyball. :)"
Dew Tour first day I'm spinnin at the bottom of peak 8 at the T-Bar starting at 2pm! Life in the Mountains Holla!
It's Been A Long Time Since I Heard "Airplanes (feat. Hayley Williams) - B.o.B" It's A Great Song, I Love <3
My lil brother just pored all these cracker jacks on ma carpet ma room deserves betterCouple wks ago he spilled milk all on the floor:"(
Yup! RT : Sure, many of us didn't get our first choice in #GOP candidate for POTUS, but it's time to unite to defeat OBAMA!
#TGIF Thanks God 4 blessing me wit another new day, & another new start. Hope everybody has a great day & enjoy the weather :)
I got your package and I love it! Thank you so much! Will send you a proper email tonight. :)
Green Red Green Red Green Red... Coffee... Done!
Wahh up early to go back to school only 2more weeks of classes
The greatest thing this heart can achieve, is to find something worth to dream, and baby, you are the dream
I bet you do(; haha
No, actually I don't haha. I'm on that 85% status. High five!
peer review may be good, as long as the peers are in the field & not superimposing CS values on bio code.
short weekend, need more rest.
I am currently #mixing a house/electronic project by producer McMurray and a single by Mellina
Death penalty? Raids? "Institutions will try to preserve the problem to which they are the solution." -- Clay Shirky
U at Joy Of Game?
: I love Catch Me. Story of my love life lol
I also liked "Sleepy-time when you can!"
At wedding last night. Bride's sister gave kind, heartfelt toast. Groom's brother discussed his boyhood hygiene & booger obsession. Why???
Douchey college students have their Spring Break ruined in classic B-horror fashion in "Hungry Hungry Hippos"
In Sarasota FL for "The Planking Song" Video Shoot.
Q3: Cappuchino with whipped cream and chocolate chips
we find it's hard to truly master typing while depending on auto-correct. There's no way to reach truly fast speeds with a crutch.
Up early after a long shoot last night need Coffee, bagel, and blessing from above ok I'm ready.
And silver for High Arctic too. (No mention of the amazing audio sadly!?)
Men marry women with the hope they will never change. Women marry men with the hope they will change. Invariably they are both disappointed.
Super excited to see at vs kings on March 24th
Shattered the screen on my iPhone. Now tweeting hurts my finger tips
Hi there! Thanks for the follow!
I feel like quotin songs............whoever can tell me where these songs are from......they will get a shoutout!!...who's ready
what's wrong with him?
The average city dweller sees over 5000 advertising messages a day, and counting.
"Once God has given you awareness, awareness demands action." - myself :) Kathryn Bonner - What have you become aware of?
thanks for your wonderful leadership!
we will see who's a football school next season! Top 5 ranking, ACC champs and a BCS bowl win
Listserv descends into argument over the term "Bro-Choice." Someone complains about argument. New argument about said complaint ensues.
My best friend messages me today after a million years ! #awesome ! (:
Ppl is so immature!! Asshole you laughed so hard that I heard your fucking voice in the back on the voicemail your stupid ass friend left me
nothing much man you need to come see your god daughter and niece fam! They getting super big!!!!
Hey I just met you and this is crazy so heres my number so call me maybe and all the other boys try and chase me
men don't wear safely equipment or read instructions lol
How iz I'm posta go to class online if my online ain't twirkin?
Oh crap... In Living Color on tv. I still laugh
Finally! The congregation gets to sit down.
Position yourself with Power...
lol, he had 31 in 3 quaters. The coach benched him cause they were getting smacked!
Aye aye aye! I'm sorry! Let me bug them....
I'll call you when i get home, boo! I'm at the mall right now
the flu :)
Some really hot girls dressed in some great costumes.
lol naw you don't. You just said girl always right!
I'm back
That's all she wrote for the show today. Troy will be back for his favorite day of the week (Friday) tomorrow at 10am!
a zip and a double cup
Yo MKE hit me up if you want some Dead Mans Carnival tickets for this Friday at Turner Hall.
No surpise here... CIA is just a WASP Mafia for American Corporate Interests. Seriously; they operate using same methods.
": In case anyone was unsure, #SportingKC has confirmed Harrington will start at left back Saturday."
RT : Closed! I am now the proud owner of a new house!
Attending the #BMAchicago event around sales enablement. Our sweet spot!
Cooking a steak....m
Looking to connect some "Active Dots" USA Musicians Business Networking. Creative Collective Marketing - Online Marketing Musicians Network.
your tweets be on some other ishh !!!! Lls
Had a good day with and :)
He spoke highly of you. He also will make the Philly trip. Now it's my turn with !!!
Man I swear Louisville gonne be right back on the next "48 Hours"
We have the flashy jacket wearing, bad comb over rocking, fast skating crowd covered in this years Super Bowl #Century21 ,
what time are y'all planning on getting down there?
"A business should be run like an aquarium, where everybody can see what’s going on." -Jack Stack in the
Amen to that!! #Blessings your way!
All done instagramin, check it out haha.
Went to A lunch and we wasn't sposed to , that shit was boring af and I lost my seats. Bout to go to C lunch too!
RT #realIvyLeague good look thanks for the
Who has home improvement projects planned for this weekend?
#IfIWasPresident I'd slide down the American Flag pole every day like Mario when you get to the end of the level
love to lick it good and wet, shove my rock hard cock up in your tight hole, dump off my baby batter then i'm going to...
Stupid shot we killin dem inside keep going
"There is a Gold Mine, in your Goal Mind." ~ Denis Waitley
Slaved away on proposal literally all friggin weekend long + *still* not done. Got til 5pm deadline today tic toc damn
This week will be all about work work work :\... On the bright side I can't wait to go shopping after haha <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Saltmarsh and others #engaged: social entrepreneurship is big part of innovation/entrepreneurship often overlooked.
It seems like every time I'm in no mood to talk everybody wanna call me.
We'll have to check on that and get back to you ASAP, Amy!
On my way to Central Washington University whoo
Always be a gentleman.
*kaitlyn leans against the wall* and says "DO ME!!" (:
Are you getting ready for St Patrick's Day yet? We sure are!! Make sure to stay tuned for what's coming up!
I'm pretty sure that in memoir #2 she recants everything from memoir
Hey Doll! (: xx
whoa... I'm straight like Indian hair then
Been a great week at the San Francisco School of Bartending! Looking forward to using my newfound skills.
Thoughts and prayers with family of Dick Powell.
NBA Players & Owners have reached a tentative deal to end the leagues month long lockout . It's about Damn TIME !!!
ok that's more than 1 hahahah thanks
hahah omg love why didnt u call me? hope ur okay?!
TheFreshSnapback.bigcartel.com is where cheap snapbacks is! every thing is FREE SHIPPING Over 50 different styles! x1
We'll see ya tonight, Oxford, OH!
shouldnt u be announcing summer tour datess!?!! I cant wait any longer !!
Funny. “: Today's the day we start "treasure hunting" .... er, I mean, doing room checks through the residence halls. #reslife”
Thats that sh*t i DON'T like!!!
Till he's hurt too. MT : Though Maldonado is a solid guy, saw him play in Syracuse. Could make smooth transition to fill a hole
Tom is amazing!
Hurry the effffffffff up and graduate already!
You're in for a great time! Welcome to our city!
Being present is a Gift.
I may leak a new track from hardship breeds talent 2 in a few mins... Why not
That sounds like an awesome and eventful Mother's Day! Glad you had a great day!
what are you doing?
Does anyone else miss Paul Kinsey as much as i do?
Best of show.RT : Wow. That Chrysler ad just made me proud to admit that I'm from Detroit for the first time in decades.
hah thanks girl!
Omg the afflac duck beat boxin is really disturbing O.O
when the band reaches the level of "likes" that it wants, what exactly is supposed to happen then?
And you only go to help the ill about 1 or 2 times a week. #andiammental?Figure it out?And that comedian oh yeah he never writes
no problem(:
I would go ahead and shower but the brew ain't cold yet.
Tory Gilldred provided good wine, food and location so friends could support our work. Thanks to all who contributed to a successful event!
Omg......I forgot my atm crd at hme....I'm at wrk...aghhhh!!!...hw am I going to survive?
follow please?
#liesbrokepeopletell "oh shit I left my money at the crib! Cop me and ill hit you back when I get to the house."
tweeting Austin while peeing Lauren? Nice multi-tasking
you're welcome! :o)
just shot some beats your way
Had to show someone my Destructoid debit card to prove I'm the founder. Most don't verify ... you too can be our founder at any GDC party!
On the bright side, I'm officially done with my first year of college... Now just #finals -.-
still waiting and next bus (10:12) was due 3 min ago...
I'm sorry, but it's deplorable that Mauer did not get that run in. How much is he making again??
We are getting excited for the Bears Game Today!!! Take down the Pack with us!
Thanks for the RTs and Mentions! Happy Friday :)
follow please?????
I really really like bruno mars like really really
I knew I was missing something just listening to the radio!
maybe just a little. I'm the same with records. Lol. Hope ur having a great day.
Madison got so much taller, my baby(': <3333
Acknowledgement / Resolution / Pursuance / Psalm
Need some DITA info: multilevel numbering in appendices. Anyone have a good method?
Hell of a game by the Yanks! Well done fellas!!!
I was going to answer one of your questions, and then I decided I wouldn't even guess.
More like Blair splash project. I just vomited.
lethargic, pain at the injection site, no eating/drinking
Bingo tonight at 7!! It's free and lots of fun:)
Thank you!! We really enjoyed your visit, too :)
MT : Word from Fuller family that Devin will be in Tucson next Tuesday & Wednesday.Get red carpet ready.
I've never been scared to say something that I want to say
True but I thought we mostly had to in that league.
I think its safe to say I have a crazy ex .
say hello > im on one
Whoa, calm down ;DD Aha, we're so cool, we give penguins the chills B)
Her best friend was the same way with Victoria's husband. Hampton Ho
No man, I'm just teasing. RT haha!....would you hold it against me if I said I was a fan?
two tweets in one day? I should think you must need sleep!
haha! yes, that makes sense. :) lol thanks for answering. Have you tried an iced hazelnut latte? it's good.
art gallery time! checking out exhibits closing at The Public Trust & the And/Or Gallery, Dallas.
I strained my calf.
Shit crazy when your lil cuz tell you that you can't fuck with dis person because his girl don't like that person. If that's not fuck up
Up early taking kids to bus stop, man forget this I'm going back to sleep when I come back...#teamzzzzz's lol
I have the opposite issue. I have great music at work but not great when I work out.
A favorite book from my youth- Are You There God It's Me Margaret- is challenged book. Glad my access to it wasn't blocked
RT : A-Cab struck out looking?! Really???
Isn't it!! That is a 4-year-old kid!! I'm all for breastfeeding, but at this age, he can get his nutrients from solid food!
lol forreal.. Hopefully for my b-day I can tho
I hate it when my boyfriend calls me and ruins my sexting fun.
Great debate tonight. did a fantastic job.
Omg. About to piss myself from punkd. Someone come cuddle with me. Literally terrified. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Off to the gym with my baby Another great day!
no we do not. We have our own hangers. :)
Bright colored denim is all the rage! Check out for your hottest pair!
So sorry about the delayed response to your email! I've been swamped but I'll hit you back asap, love :D
you hang up when you call me...ok
awesome! I hope you're enjoying it Sue. It's a marvelous grape (brings out the angel in all of us)!
I would certainly be interested in just such an exchange my good man.
its hard work sitting on your ass today
Wow beautiful! Thank you for sharing.
Follow us Claudio!
"One love, one heart, let's get together and feel alright"
Spencer REID = OMG ! FUCK ME, BABY !
Every time I hear "Ayy Ladies" I think of That song just has that N.O. bounce too it.
Looking for other History related twitter folks to add or feature as guest history or travel bloggers.
DeLeo estimates 91 communities are leveraging a new collective bargaining law, a number that "even surpasses my own expectations.
so what are you up to?
Why does every photographer in Santa Fe list themselves as wedding shooters? Ugh. Can't find a pure photojournalist.
Are you about to be done with school?
yeah...how u get it
« "One of the trademarks of a champion is that he can outlast you." -Lou Brock»
Not surprising. #Storytelling is difficult and scary, and no one will admit that press releases are largely ineffective.
my belt broke once, i used a shoelace, that broke too, i used a tie and never went back
MY BIRTHDAY'S ON THURSDAY AH. I'm excited cause I keep thinking about it. Hahaha.
I know I was just kidding :p
Excited about my iPad but I'm afraid it won't be delivered before the Expressive sale is over :(
So proud that when I left Cali and came to Cornell, I stepped out on faith and said "I want all the safety nets cut."
x-man to the next man,people who cheat end up alone,old and horny in the future
After last Saturday and Tuesday, we'll take optimism in any form.
:) I swear im really feelin U right noww yoo .
spoke too soon it's back. Hooray
Should I tell you that I like you since the first time I saw you?? +I'm just kidding (.____.)'
it's an enjoyable jersey, I'm unique!
haha awww ur cute!! I might start doing this
He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. — Friedrich Nietzsche
The beauty with the beast
PLANNING A COMMUNION...? Partners In Sound is currently running a COMMUNION SPECIAL! FOR MORE INFO CALL 718.967.7347
#MegaIIN Anyone from #healthcoaches from #Miami? Tweet me!
Yes. And tempeh meatloaf.
Utopia's a practice.
We connect service providers to Employers and charge a fee for the connection. We also will be selling add space and classified jobs.
Today's society reward people for standing out. Unfortunately it's usually a negative action that gets the most attention.
Now tell me this.. Why would OU have Big Event and the Spring Game on the same day?? I want to go to the Spring Game!
whats needed is simple Dave. We just need to do one thing. start loving each other that's the real need LOVE for each other.
Oh, kind of broke my no-TV-for-May rule. Well, it's been a long day. And it's Modern Family!
are harry and louis still going to live with each other?:)
haha i suck at football-___-
it sucks to watch him lave but don't forget about the 06 playoffs when Adam whineright stuck him out looking but he should help
It was really great to meet you! I'm so excited for all the #Virginia LOVE during Historic Garden Week.
True Blood marathon, what a way to unwind after my cleaning frenzy.
My phone just started playing nsync in the middle of a quiet classroom I can't
i miss him :(
ha! wish it was me they came to see....
Deja Blue, Goodwill's boutique, opens today at 303 University in Cherry Creek. Are you coming? Get over here!
hahahaa that's ridiculous! I mean.. Does he really want it or what!?
have you got a livestream going on?
only one episode?
you have great taste
Today I've done nothing. Absolutely nothing, and it was everything that I thought it could be.
About to go crazy in this house.
RT “How can you live the high life if you do not wear high heels?” -Sonia Rykiel
Your breath is the voice of your soul. Have a great weekend. Peace and Blessings.
40TB Data a day. Citizen scientists can save the day. They have proved it.
Good move guys. Keep branching out to new markets.
damn i said i wud b the only girl tht dnt lik him but no i do!!
RT : Kids learning to write? Check out this handwriting worksheet maker://t.co/pnmtopk6 - used similar sites...very helpful!
I saw that movie in 6th grade and fell asleep! haha but now I cry like a baby, so good!
RT : A1. Being a positive role model for my children <--- most def!
Hell of a video.
We are going to be freezing soon
Sweet! Thanks!
S/o to my new follower !
When there is no food in my house :'(
#latin quote of the day - Nemo accusator caret culpa; omnes peccavimus." - Not one accuser lacks guilt; we have all done wrong/sinned."
Our conversations, me and her
Tweeting a lot of pics cause I'm bored :)
that was the worst thing I've ever seen
Can I see you!? We can discuss the fact that we both have Maira Kalman backgrounds on our Twitter profile pages.
Looking forward to working with you!
Wow. This is Life? This is Life! My life. Thank you God.
Grammy Award-Winning and World Renounded Musicians at LevittLA's Free Summer ... - PR Web (press release)
ps next bf: i can practically swallow a grapefruit. ;)
single life ...
Superb night for a garden party with , & friends from Berlin - jetlag remedy: get a little drunk in perfect co.
You sound pissed.
#69Factsaboutme 8. I love Avenged Sevenfold.
haha yeah tell me about it. I teach english and year 7,8 and 9 make me feel ancient :( dya see anyone from school? X
based on their newfound physiques they might work out together too
Oh so happy you enjoyed it!!!
My Nye finally went down the steps by hiself :) im so proud of him
Does anyone believe that paul Solman of PBS offers balanced journalism? No wonder PBS can't get public funding.~D
Bioresearch monitoring QA for all new health products. Simple acronym that means a world of product development.
20 is a protest, 50 is a problem, 100s would spell end of fIreland.
haha no, lies! :P
Gainsville, Texas. The only place worse than Louisiana.
"Dos and Big Papa" would have made a dynamite hip-hop duo.
finish what you started
Quote of the Day: A smile can start a conversation without saying a word.
eating at cici's with my mom and little brother ^-^ turned out to be a good day :)
shut up.
it's not that bad. maybe a 5? lol.
“: You have to give atheists as much respect as u christians want .. Only way shit can get somewhere” exactly
With soccer in the top spot the Top 10 has it
to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN !You have came so far,I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song is perfection! <3 13
he sitting over here ask 2 many questions damn
me too! I also save all the non-palatable produce scraps for stock
Whoever decided that #realhousewives should be a show should be slapped and then slapped again.
So proud that Americans have gone to the White House to celebrate with chants of "USA, USA" and singing of the National Anthem!
Hehe FUNNY! ( Angry/sad face) I'm a cowboy! Not rodeo clown! Stereotypes! HOWS U BRAH and will you follow me?
your twitter has been hacked and is sending malware DMs to people. You may want to change your pw, check what apps you...
awesome! Thanks for the tip!
Grants need to include a component for library resources both before and after publication of articles is one suggested solution.
I'm so ready for summer. :D
Detroit is the center of opportunity!
Russell Martin just perfected a flop at home plate
#tiredAF Good Night . off to #dreamland .
Listened to The Break-Up Single. Solid. Maybe could've fit into the Drive soundtrack?
Eating is not very Chanel-like behavior.
Granddaughters homework time
Mail has been really crashy this morning. Like a half-blind retiree on the way to the store.
Forget hugs. I'm going to tackle him when I see him.
What u see is what you get and you Aint seen nothing yet!
YES YES YES. We wanna see it :P
Connie advises to not drink raspberry leaf - it's great for nursing moms, but not early in pregnancy.
not doing all at this very moment, but those are our fave things to do at random. xo
Not really, but still.
Dear German tourist, you asked me for directions, this does not make me liable for your claim that the map has been mislabeled.
I've begun a deep love affair with Google+. So many capabilities, poor Mark Zuckerberg!
That's my new location after running into my ex and his new girlfriend on the sidewalk, ps.
hey Mr. Robinson, I tried hitting you up on SBR.
Put on your snow suit and stop on out to Linneman's tonight to see a bunch of our friend's play some good ole rock and roll.
it's like we never even knew each other. & yeah, he does talk to this other girl now, but I just try to ignore it because I know
is checking out the new (and improved) Basecamp
Real drunk...
Nice weather for an earthquake. Looking forward to the hurricane this weekend.
Hey #topchef this is Top Chef. Not project runway...
“If you think kids can’t change the world you haven’t visited kidsareheroes.org.”
- can you imagine Steve jobs worrying about defining his personal brand?
You too, Dave! When are you back in SoCal?
We will be looking for Live Music in the next coming months. Checking you out and emailing :-)
It's so real between us
Want a #swinger special vacation 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
I'm not in knoxville. sorry! Did you get the book yet?
This is the kind of weather that lets you know YOU'RE ALIVE!!!! .....and may soon be dead....
Happy New Year from everyone at EE Times!
Hey, buddy, give me an "Adam Ward is hard at work on Thursday afternoon" pic. Let's see it.
I'm going to bed.. screw this paper. 4 pages, I'm done.
alright sounds good
Pitchers and catchers report Feb. 20th. Go #Mets!
All im thinkin is Nerlens Noel, no homo!! jus imagine what impact he would make. n thats flattop is nice. his game is even nicer!!
I really need to just make my own golabki...it's not that hard. But it's better if a babcia does it.
We'll start with the Committee Choice Award - Congrats to
This crew hates the #Cuntbag that was in last night to Lmfao surprise surprise
I've answered two questions so far. The answers were Mont Blanc and Hope and Glory.
Everyone else is waking up... I am about to fall into slumber
Alas, can't accept car type requests yet, I'm sorry! :(
I will email you some food for thought!
Steve Blake is sorry
Woke up at 4am to leave my brother at the airport(y) then school. I need some coffee right about now-_-
Schools out for the summer bitches!
when i die, i want my family to play "Automatic" by at my funeral <3 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
This reminds me of that time when a certain firefighter union boss said CPR had no chance of qualifying.
Let's go Brewers!
lol I turned in on while I'm in the shower so I can sing.
wife has teacher friend in Brighton. Also thinking you might check w/ mark at echo grove. He might know someone on lakeville lake
Zimmerman will finally have criminal charges against him. About time. #TrayvonMartin was just a kid starting to live.
Ha. U, skipping thru the puddles, wet, wearing a white t-shirt & no bra. A guy can dream, can't he? :P
probably won't have time. Have a ton of work waiting 4 me.
Innovation must be part of the organizations DNA. It can't be intermittent
Even if they were flying in, Hill still hasn't given any evidence that that would be a problem! Ugh.
Woh! How cool is that 360 panorama of Manhattan? Love!
and im talkin 2 u on the chat
buggin out to these edits on SoundCloud..need to find these files or, preferably, on vinyl..always loved his mixes too
My Timeline stays live only because I follow !!!
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 4
hey who's the white dude?
Autumn Hill Creative presents "How to Market Your Small Business" at the Clintonville Chamber on 9/22. Call 715-823-4606 to register.
She has 2,000 friends on facebook, and I'm not even one of them!
Lol I hope mot
Throw "trash can" and "stranger's shirt pocket" in there and the urinal is actually the fifth best option.
#TurnToYou is very heartwarming and emotional...i truly love it...that i'm crying :')
Of course, email us your question and we would be happy to help.
If she don't reach over and lift that button she's a selfish broad and cant be trusted
oh u look ridiculous wheres your suit?
How do you expect someone to pull themselves up by their bootstraps if they have no boots?
Q: What's the earliest you have/would go shopping on Black Friday?
Letting go not accepting anymore calls/text bc I fall back in everytime
You know you wanna follow me ;D
I didn't get into UF :( It's really disappointing because I really wanted to get in. But I won't give up, I'll be trying again in two years.
Short Shorts & A Tank Top Weather (:
I'll equate it to politics. Obama doesn't deserve all the blame, but he also doesn't deserve all the credit.
same ole jus been laid back
The difference between pornography and erotica is lighting. ~Gloria Leonard
Thanks, Dave!
i think a lot of UFO nuts are headed to pheniox because of it i know i used to be one than i had to face facts their are no such thing.
"A friend recommended that I take my car to Car Crafters. She said they would repair the car quickly, there wouldn’t be any surprises"
Lake Wobegon Effect - where all the kids are above average
Fleetwood Mac. Just right.
Might go out bored :/
I love it, thanks to those who follow me, I hope someday I can follow my twitter :)
when we going to the one in plymouth meeting that is like the uber of whole foods for PA.
Lord and Taylor lady gets on my nervous.... No the driver will not take you to Lord and Taylor now shut your mouth.
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally. David Frost
plz follow me! I <3 you :)
.: A true man of letters in the blogosphere.
81% of Jews agree! RT "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama
" All those fairytales are full of shit, One more stupid love song I'll be sick."
Canoeing: Florence grabs Olympic spot
I know me too lol text meRT : nothing bored
They're all wonderful players to watch and enjoy their magnificent skils.
Lunch @ steak n shake in Paducah.
LY - Just about finished with editing with the Winter Newsletter. Sent it over to JD.
Oh, this is how you do it (checking out the Bishop Brownie retweet for reference)--
God Night...i had long day today & gotta do it all over tomorrow & Thursday
Why is the market acting like it cant download more than one app at a time
Oh one last thing... Are going to #teenhoot this summer? #hopeful <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
shoes fit in those boxes??
Additional FAQ for #apufringe application: How long should the production be? Productions should be 45-60 minutes.
Phillies have been the best team in baseball all season.
favorited all the pictures of me and Lmfaooo
Note to self: don't stay out til dang near 3 in the morning after you've already been to work, and you have to be at work at 1.
Welcome to my house party..... Bercarde......lol
It was VERY sad :( he skid then stopped on his FACE!!!! First injury and he survived lol
Thanks for your presentation at GBS! You and Rick were great! Your story was very powerful for me. My Soul Purpose is clear!
- I have lots of memories from that BB/FB/ML show. One of them was seeing an ex girlfriend & laughing when she flipped me off
really oh wow
I was raped by a woman. I don't find it ironic at all. The number of male perps doesn't turn my experience into anything less
Jealous!! Looks like a beautiful day.
Almost back to being a blonde! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
passed the emissions test!
Good morning/Good night texts >>
Meeting with the Conrad Hotel today. Exciting!
#FollowFriday Because the arts need your help to survive!
“: Tomorrow is #teamfitnessthursday so I hope celebrates with me!” you already kno bro
Music provides the subtitles to my life.
RT : Unfortunately a lot of companies see social media strictly as a marketing tool. - of
ahahahahahaha I will slap you silly hoe <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3>
#I #HATE #burning #my #hair #fuckfuckfuck CieraMariexoxo
Working with a company on a new nutrition bar....as if the world needs another nutrition bar or drink....but that is what I get paid to do.
Another thrilling game for the Jays, what a tip in! Bring on OT! #rolljays (btw could these refs have called anymore fouls on both teams?)
National Peanut Butter & Jelly Day love for
you have cold feet
That's pretty sweet Fake Uggla.
- kelly want to call associated press radio for interview from New Orleans?? . thanks
Great meetings today with and ... Looking forward to working together!
RT : Grand Opening - Saturday Night - May 8th - The Sultan Hookah Lounge & Smoke Shop in St. Johns at 8221 N. Lombard call...
:45 of strength training last night, 28 miles on the #bike today... Great week of #training so far!
TY new Dad!"Hi...oh, Thumball, my kid has one, plays with it every day, literally every day, he's a big ball guy, loves his Thumball"
cant help but luv u
The biggest myth is that only overweight or obese people get OSA
l don't now hi
Now I Am Scarred Of D
every time i like a guy the hardly ever like me back yet adults r always saying ur pretty. wat the hell?
please follow me! (:
THANKS for clarifying who CHARLIE is! I've been wondering about that!
I'm officially hooked on fresh squeezed lemonade...at the moment I won't drink anything else. Hand squeezed ONLY
Start picking out your outfit! Saturdays starts in a few hours will all your favorite DJ's bringing the beats. Doors at 9pm!
aw that sounds like a personal problem lol
“ Even if I spend the whole day with you, I miss you the second you leave...!”
meant kakes not Davis
SNGX might go here...
Instagram: the Guitar Hero of creative photography?
So 'Stand By Me' decided to play on my pandora channel. Cannot code to that!
Thank you for the RT & welcome. Enjoy! RT : welcome to #frifotos!
I'll never forget the way everyone in his band looked at him during and immediately after "I shall be released" at floyd fest.
A procession for a new Sefer Torah [Scroll] is filling the area of the Chords Bridge (entrance to the Capital) with happy music!
Ha! Totally agree. Making reservations was a freaking mission!
i know its late but i was busy LOVE YOU HAPPY BIRTHDAY
I'm doing homework! :p
I'm down :-) Maybe i'll just stay and not come back
Thanks for your support!!
D'awww thanks<3 *blush* :') BUT YOU GUYS ARE ALL SO FRIGGIN BEAUTIFUL!!!
My circle of success: We roll deeper than Chilean miners.
Haven't tweeted in so long. BACK, I'm BACK.
After watching Lion King on repeat at work, I've decided I would be okay with James Earl Jones narrating my life.
Thanks to R&R Art Galleries for sponsoring our 5th annual #Cuts4aCause!
Good Morning World!! Currently at 11:28am in Atlanta, GA it is 78 degrees. High: 88* Low: 66*
Day 4 in Portland. I feel the urge to buy a bike and get a tattoo.
Throwbacks game planning.
Apparently only ugly people read.
Thanks for joining us, ! cc:
: Thanks for spreading the word about the SHARE CFP!
Hm... iron, straightener AND hot glue gun all left on for the four hours I was at work. Tenant. Of. The. Year.
Boy Freshman's in John Hope just rocked it.
High Pick & Roll defense. I've seen this before. Smh
that they do
Sweet! RT : We should (hopefully) have our tracks by the end of this month. Can't wait to finally show everyone.
man fuck u
I always been dere..n I always will..ACVT721 removed da fog from my path..my future wit u..always gonna last..it wouldn't feel right to ...
rereading the concept of America in Deleuze's thoughts on Bartleby through the diasporic use of sound
We've written extensively on surviving the downturn...is your company feeling the recovery?
u got a son thts Whts up:) me I'm in school getting my BA in hospitality management living my life
no problem. I knew keeping the key in there would come in handy some day..
headed to the KEG!
I wonder what the passport for internet citizens looks like. I'm guessing the seal has nyan-cat on it.
Hey these fish scales aren't matching. Wack!!!
Once you hate someone, everything they do is offensive. "Look at her, eating those fucking crackers like she owns the place!"
My number 1 regret was moving to Poca i wish i could go back and change that decision
No I mean like actual hand. Wrist is acceptable. Dinner & Drinks: YES please.
#WLCTwitterFollows from the WLC literary community! Great to connect
I believe lebron will win 14 MVP but 0 championships damn that sucks
LSU tonight might be the worst offense of any BCS game ever
YES!!! Goooaaaaalllll USA!!!!
Derek Bieber ;D
I need an assistant
So I'm guessing she's never going to follow back then?
Looks like we're playing WKU!
And again, the studio reminds me...the best takes come when you're not over-thinking it.
How about an impression of his statue?
Come on Mavericks let's get this
Better dead than fucked up, which is the usual case for me. I need a break.
Looking for #Royals bloggers for new sister site. Send a message to if you're interested!
I still want to know
#Favorite90sSong Nirvana: Smells Like Teen Spirit :D
Happy #MayDay! Have you ever tried edible flowers to decorate a dish? You can buy edible flowers at grocery store chains (safeway). Fancy!
thank u.. yeah .. followed <3
My two best guy friends called me fat, big-hipped and a liar today. I don't understand.
awesome I will be at the castro from 10-4 this friday! can wait to meet
I'm still trying to figure out tweetdeck and determining whether I like it or not. Is anyone else using a twitter app they like?
Glad to see you back on Twitter! Hope u and Rowie are well. :)
Rob Carrick's Reader: Money can't buy happiness? Wrong - Globe and Mail
#IfOnly you was here
Meeting and photographing glee cast! Yall know who ;)
My thoughts and prayers are with you through this difficult time.
Ah my dog is hyper! He scares me sometimes lol
Working on a Sunday, no days off!!!!!!!!
Do we really live like our hearts have changed?
Which childhood movies that you loved do you still love as an adult? Mine are The Last Unicorn, Little Mermaid, & Disney's Robin Hood.
It feels hella good to be back where I want to be.
I love fashion and hip hop too. You should be my stylist hah
you thought I was mad ? Lol
I decided I was going to stop being forgetful, but I can't remember why.
The two men on either side of me at the bar are reading books. I was unaware people actually did this at bars.
If you're ever in Ann Arbor and walk by Chinese restaurant Middle Kingdom, do me a favor and kindly give it your Middle Finger
I'm going to try to fall bck asleep b4 my dang alarm goes off
macbook, that is
It's Artist Raffle Time! Our charity of choice for OPENING DAY, SATURDAY, MAY 12th is: THE LEUKEMIA & LYMPHOMA SOCIETY'S TEAM IN TRAINING
Something burning
Gonna miss Hines ward
Ah my birthdays tomorrow!!! x3
“: He smiles then looks away, I wonder if maybe that smile meant something he couldn't say.”
Was listening to It Will Rain by Bruno Mars and thinking how much more I like 's version :)
yes, but everyday is International Dark chocolate day for me :)
Google "Black female" under the Images link & nothing but Black puppies will pop up..Thats fuxd up. Rappers AND Google calls us BITCHES!.
Drug addiction is one of those Amer chimaeras that no one wants to discuss. Drugs (cocaine/tobacco/alcohol) are part of U.S. violent hist.
A2. These "student-athletes" are leaving before the end of the semester...more like three-quarters-and-done.
I've missed you Twitter.
oh wait. Is this white fang we are talking about??
You should hit up the midwest :)
#WhenIWasLittle i remember playin yonoid a video game for the old nintendo system with the family way before the whole family broken embrace
Jus tryn to hurry nd do what I gotta do!
You still have three days to apply for a STAR Award. www.astdrmc.org
Drinks after? lol
need to schedule a meeting to discuss why we're spending all our time in meetings
thanks boo
Aw thank you. I love you guys, too <U+2665>
Just finished our first Mardi Gras service. Thanks for coming in & enjoying some crawfish boil & lobster etoufee!
Honestly, there were as many laughs as there were in Airplane!
Director of Compliance to be responsible for providing comprehensive regulatory compliance services to the financial services industry. Dut…
Even tho it's cold season, we got tons of Tank Tops, Board Shorts and Sandals thanks to RVCA!!!!!!
That's my nigga though
and me waiting on u to get to MAI it ain't raining nomore bring yo azz on!
thank you for the follow back!
just chillin man right now, would be lovely if I can get that $640 million !!
Justin(her husband) is being deployed I think this weekend..
I don't understand what you think an unsigned editorial is other than... the paper's view.
yo momma so ugly she went to a haunted house and came out with a job application.....
did he demonstrate he improved with practice?
Follow We FollowB
uh Oh dats a big choice my man
exactly what i did 10th grade :)
Something very wrong with #HermanCain & a world where he is still a #PresidentialCandidate tho the media won't say it. Scary
GO BLUE
Jude the Poor Communicator
:( at least we had Dallas but I so wanna got the tour!
ahhaha awesome! :)and listening to my other bf's musiic. <justin bieber> hahah . do u like justin bieber!? (:
Happy birthday to the man who started it all!!!!!!!!!
R.I.P. Whitney Houston
Got it?
Soccer orgy for this weekend has been cancelled. So bummed! Now I will have to work.
Olivia and I can scratch ATLANTIS off of our bucket list. :) Our family vacation has been booked!
Show us your costume! Post a picture of your awesome Halloween attire on our wall!
So glad to hear it! Thanks for sharing. Is it okay to share this with our consult staff? Hope all is well.
"If I was ur toyfriend…" hahahahahaha!! I laughed so hard at this vid I bet that old guy is a belieber!! Haha
damn dogs always causing drama. Next time just get him an orange collar ;-)
Any business that want to get advertised for a great price in Miss Maryland program contact me at please help, thanks!
come visit me, Cori, and Clea later. :)
there are times I really don't know what to do with myself...
9 killed in Cairo clashes outside Defense Ministry - Newsday
we're writing new musique and will be featured in a documentary about okc bands this next week...
you know good music!
You lucky bastard!!! Go Giants!! RT INDY!!!!!!
Got bad bitches, they ratchet
Where will you be Saturday?
Being crazy and looking for specific ~people~ in LA traffic. >_>
Agree with you 100%. Rose had no business being on the floor.
great to see happy fighting for peace! let's keep on!
River Valley results excite mining company
That's what she said. RT It's a hand crank though.
if you like Justin bieber you should check out ! definitely a cutie!;) and he's a sweetheart too!:)<3
I'm really a nice person
ever get turned on from juss reading something sexual
That feelings when u wanna rewind time to that special part.
All American Rejects show
I love it, but having to explain satire to dreary literalist dolts is a joyless task
fix your fantasy lineup!
Giving blacked out speeches eh? Sounds like
Dreamt my cousin last night...had a conversation with him, he was smiling and laughing telling me "I'm fine, I'm fine...don't worry!"
maybe you should? :D
THEN it comes down to who runs for Assemblyman Hanna's current seat & that is yet to be determined.
Austin drivers never fail to impress.
does software AG not let you do that? Do you think companies should give each employee $ to invest in tools the deem approriate
#onlyinwa is it against the law to hold your cell phones to your ear while you drive, but you can find police officers doing it
btw forgot to mention that I <3 the captions!!! :)
that makes me smile, you truly are a great person and love to watch you race. Thank u thank u thank u
congrats on an awesome win.
Second best night on TV... #tosh.0 get with it, foo
Watch Out For Thaa Snakes , A Niqqa I Was Cool Wit Found Out He Was A Fakee .
how'd u get past security? betw u and cheryl and mlydy, there's a fiesta in the making!
im on spring breaaaakk.(;
I hate it when color commentators try to make the game more about themselves than the players.
thx v much. which story did you get from me? Couldn't find it. Thx
I cant be you, i cant be him, im only what you see/The only Changes i can make is to be a better me.
tomorrow is our one year anniversary
follow.me on Twitter , God bless! (:
Ahaha "Do you like laundry detergent ??" "Actually, I-" "Hey. You don't have to raise ya voice."
thanks for coming to my Social Media Marketing presentation last night. Hope you got some great take-aways.
Learning how to edit today. I'm long overdue.
have to stay the cultural maven I am. Related, I'm about roughly 16 coffees deep
thank you :) I'll hyu Saturday and ask who you have it to so I can find them in school lol. But how you been ?
Irony - Warren Jeffs representing himself AND missing the deadlines for his appeals.
email me ur info to so we can get this ball rolling!
Thankful for the internet! How amazing this year has been!
I gotta keep it G && tell ya I love you cause i'm for REAL. We've been doin this shit for years!
If this guy approaches me, I'm going tap into my RiRi side. Who knows where that might get me.
what happen last night?
Second geek meeting this week. Tonight it's Hadoop and cloud computing.
who said J Edgar Hoover was dead
Cute dog (and girls too!) I have a golden (and 2 teenage sons).
Now why would I be lying!? lol
Yea. Probably not gonna tweet for a while. So say your last stuffs now.
Love the 'Drunk On You' video w/ #WKU footage. Great story!
#rt for a shout out
Don't miss GUESTLIST!! You can make it!!! We know you can!! :D
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 7
Would love to hear from any locals in the greater Seattle area where would they most like to see our intergenerational community??
Great presentation by Anne L. Curley at SMPS Indiana yesterday on client-centric branding. Thanks Anne!
I wish that one AMAZINGLY hot, insanely nice guy would come around......
Sweet! Bon Iver wins best new artist - well deserved! nice shout out to Wisco
Tonight is the final opening for the spring season! MFA exhibition Mixed Feelings opens tonight at 6 pm! Come drink, eat and be merry!
Perfect award for twitter! The only science writing award that celebrates writing short!
Hailey Anne's resting now after eating Amerigo's. Thanks Boday and Papa.
Yes Sir!
It's Friday -
Saw the new Mission: Impossible last night with & I'm still not sure who was more gorgeous - Paula Patton or
So much for a peaceful butter burger. Party with 20 kids just invaded Culver's!
Can't sleep? Xanax!
Team full of top notch A1 females avaiable for Private Parties, Events, Club Promotions, Videos, Birthday Parties.Hit Us Up for BOOKING.
While you make the choices; God makes the changes.
Thanks for the shout out, David.
Vic, you did great on the Ellen show! :{) So proud of you <U+2665> u are amazing! wish i could meet u someday,
Good night everybody :)
#dontdoublemyrates Keep student loan rates low
Uh fuck it I don't wanna go to court
Thought I would share a few photos with you all tonight! Have a wonderful evening!
"Think big, start small, move fast". Not sure who started this quote.
If you spend your life regretting things in the past, before you know it you will have wasted your life on regret.
#BigEast. getting ready for some greats games starting this Tuesday.
Chief Wray says last year (2011) violent crime was down in the city.
Looking for a Project Manager to oversee a records management contract for a federal agency in San Francisco! Email me at katie.cyboron…
Who's betting the derby today? Picks?
look for peepcode play by play videos
that's pretty awesome! Maybe I can get to follow you and !
OH MY GOD!!
“: I'm telling you, you and I are going to be the only two people out there.” In #SouthDetroit its always sold out
On the air today I'll spin another good guitar band &
Interviews this morning with and then Wood & Steel!
feel better after be sick for 4 days
Knowing when 2 let things go is so important why dwell on something that won't happen just make sure that what u do makes u happy
When first I saw you, I fell in love. You smiled because you knew - Hamlet
Is no one using the #innotechbeta hash tag for , for some reason I'm not getting any search results. Just me?
my life is just one big sigh
I want Some like that Bunnie Clide Love. Dat adrenaline love Rush, Type shyt #Passion #SpicyLove// and just see the world.
#dvrtweets RT“: talk about gettin' what you deserve. hopefully that is just the beginning of your pain colton-you piece of garbage
Wish I could "like" tweets
wants to thank whomever knocked the front license plate off my car and left it on the hood. classy.
or maybe just a pint that might be easier. no equipment to carry
Last class of my MBA career this Thursday. Professor told us the topic would be "ethics in finance." I'm already confused.
um no this isn't Jessica its Jesse Jessica quick use your man voice "hi dylan" (high pitchd voice) jesicca I said man voice
has too much lead on her foot.
This drunk guy behind us lol
so any #Divas -online-
what does rick mean when he said that they were all infected?are they eventually going to turn without getting bit?
I'm leaving! DM me your number so we can text!!! Love you!
I know we've put so much of our time and energy into it. And lots of heart. Love this project and Tess Cooper more than anyone will know.
alot of trade rumors with your name in it!!!! No!
Ah ok, I was going to say that would be weird since he took my sis to Homecoming once, hehe. Have a good night!
Lol. Can only hope the couple did continue IRL. Full support. Too adorable. Yes, jelly of her too.
follow me my new twitter :-) miss u!!!
aww thanks! It's all you! RT: wowzer received my artstar art in the post looks amazing instagr.am/p/NO7ro/
SharePoint 2010 is much easier to use than previous versions.
Is any sports fan in New York City NOT excited by Jeremy Lin? I haven't followed the Knicks for years, but am now.
no...no...no! Just by chance.
RT : Twitter Ticket Tuesday, ReTweet for a chance to win 2 free DIF tickets. Ends at 4pm today.
Yeah. :) It's awesome practice. I'm shy, so it helped get me out of my shell a little.
Ah yes, urticant, A substance that causes itching or stinging.
Former IMF Economist on JOBS Act: a “Colossal Mistake” via
There is available space next to Vino 100. I'm thinking we call it qualey or Einpet?!?
The new OSU Libraries Director, Carol Diedrichs started today! Let's welcome her back to OSU!
hehehe gave me quite a laugh! ;) life on murs making me so excited to see you in april next year! olly <3
Keep your neighborhood businesses in mind when you're making your holiday shopping lists!
Is mentally preparing for open water swimming by watching a marathon of River Monsters #Animal Planet.
Garden State is on! looking out for the scene featuring my celeb friend
no problem! I called and confirmed, I guess we shoulda thought of that before we planned this! haha
Master Plan Meeting Fairmount & Westside: Martin Luther King School 108 S.9th Street, Newark, NJ May 17(Thursday), Join us
Hope to again
Can't wait.
looks like we got canned...no longer on the dc list.
Wow what a great looking crowd!! Club 212 :) always anazing
I can't get married, I'm a thirty year old boy.
Roots Cellar is closed tonight (8/17) for a private party
Support Stephen S Wise Holiday Boutique! Oct. 23rd 10-5pm. Adult and kid's clothes jewelry handbags & more. Proceeds benefit SSWT schools!
And the winner is... ! You've won 2 tickets to tomorrow night's Rascal Flatts concert at Cricket -- thanks for following us!
#DIETribes Darn! Once again I can't make it. Somebody has to hold down the fort. I guess will just owe me.
Oh, boy. Did I have a good chuckle over that one. A perfect illustration of my beef with Klout.
I randomly follow people talking about #hashtags I'm into. We probably both like #MassEffect3, long walks on the beach, etc
over Europe.. Weird to think about.
thanks for the RT :)
Sky Mall Kitties, on the other hand, are the BEST.
That really sucks when that happens Wish people could feel the worried vibe!
and Heather Schaefer made it to Colorado Springs, CO last night!! On to Alburquerque, NM before we stroll into AZ.
sowwwy <3 ill send u pictures of my grandma in nike flip flops and nike socks :)
in our Goldilocks of a night, the burden of proof is on you.
Finna Call And Put Ha Up On The Scoop!
Get your UT game party food from The Goat. We have great food at great prices!
hey Heda Rose and I came to make noise and we r!nothing beats GOD's favor!!
Very happy Ryan Braun was found innocent. 50 games without him would have been awful.
To be fair, unclear at this point whether Birdman was involved so I'll withhold judgement but if he is...
aha k thanks baby girl;) come round like er 2ish?
ahh they are so cute girl!!
let's work on making this a reality
Fantasizing about being in Lawrence, KS right now. Hopefully I'll end up there tomrrow night. Chances are I will.
Yep, bigger issues...
Who's still up? What a show. I took a bunch of photos and vids I'll post them later.
I love all of my followers, thank you!
of course! Looks like a great exhibit.
Sunday at the Met is a program series that gives people a way "in" to those exhibits and start educator/curator dialogue. - Loh
hi, there, I need help. How can I just pull out data from only those completed surveys? set up a filter? how? Thanks!
My kids have discovered the Brady Bunch. The one about Bobby and Jesse James is in now.
Everything has its beauty but not everyone sees it.
Why is catching spiders for ?! Evil >_<
Creative genius for collabo w Warrior photog for creating a new art classic! 10-21-11
I'm just next door :D
some things Trent Dildo has said in the past makes me think he is smokin somethin besides blunt (see Pookie in NewJackCity)
I miss you! Put THAT on your to-do list: "Remember to miss my SDSU family."
Balancing the sway between production details and the big idea; kind of like yoga.
#girlbyenotwiththem nails that's crying for a fill-in
Field trip tuesday, left school early yesterday, no school for me today, & field trip tomorrow, wished every week was like this one!
listening to music off my itunes
first iteration: used coldfusion to append a URL prefix before the actual URL to log stats and redirect user
The Bartenders at The Place bury the NJ Devils in booze the last 2 nights and it pays off in a BIG Bruins 4-1 win...
you really should. The kids in that show are endless sinks of quotes and joy.
that also happens on Facebook lol
I come alive n da night time
After further review, Paul Pierce is still my most hated player in the NBA.
Carlos Contreras aka rackin' up a big bravo for creative work in the community tonight
Choose To Be Thankful! http:/bit.ly/uG1555 excellent advice by
I love Austin and Alex <3 RT if you do too:)
Join , record a video on your cell phone one part of your weekly routine! bit.ly/u6RHyv Help us define who #DC is!
Oh yes...quite fond of the chasing scene.
no! Too scary lol
tht's what I mean.
Spread the word, friends! I'm still looking for rock musician/actors for my upcoming first production of ROCK BOTTOM in DC.
I sometimes wonder, does anyone read NeuroQuantology and take it seriously? When will NQ and Neuron or Neuroscience overlap, if ever?
Watch out for Gap's credit card, they lie, cheat, and steal more than liars, cheaters, and stealers
Over guys
If Boehner doesn't start clapping in support of education, I saw we just deport HIM
Me neither. I'm counting the days before I can go again. It's like a drug.
follow me
I hate being stuck in an office on such a beautiful day like today
Party at The Belmont! Dj RSM spinning your favorite tracks!
Rupp welcome is awesome. These UK players are GODS!
- thanks for the follow!
how bad was Heidi touched to become a crazy dog lady
If anyone would like to read first three pages of unedited Last Night Express issue1 let us know would love feed back on early project stage
happy birthday mate! you dont look a day over 20
"Teachers matter." -President Obama
It's part of the #Swag (;
Heard actors praise you yesterday :)
The past 2 nights #Song1 has been my last stop before turning in. Having some Doug Aitken withdraw tonight.
RT : #becauseofobama, Solyndra's a household name, and Brian Terry should be.
i hate all of my pics haha
We should all go on a weekend getaway!!
Math is boring ..
Had moment@ pdx/altrntive/schl/opn/house-They hv singing sewing& circus. Man nearby laughs&says-I gave up clowning years ago!
Ok, enough of my venting. Now for something we can all enjoy...tomorrow = hump day! :-D
We would have written your teacher a kind letter explaining a late paper.
To keep the content fresh on your blog, invite others to write guest posts.
Too funny! RT : Thinking back to 2000 NFL Draft when Mike was draft eligible...we're laughing how we didn't own cell phones then
they lost????
If you don't find hispanic boys attractive then GTFO my page haha.
I'm pretty sure I am not :( But while we wait, we can play SoulCalibur V :)
Enjoying the beautiful crisp light before today's wedding at The It's an amazing day in #NYC!
..likes to keep a low and simple profile, but I have to ask..why are you ran so relentlessly? Is it your own personal work habit or
Nice to meet you this weekend. Lots of luck on your book!
Here's to the Mexican holiday that, for some reason, Americans feel the need to celebrate. Cheers!
got a bug in there while I was ridin 4 wheelers
Ah.. Good topic HT/RT : I'm one who wanted to do 'metaphors' tonight. Thanks for indulging me... Have a good week!
what's yours is mine and what's mine is yours, remember <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Compatible printer cartridges, inkjet, ink cartridges, printer inks for Canon, Brother, HP &amp;amp; Epson
I'm so excited for summer annddd I CAN'T WAIT TO GET THAT STUFF. Hopefully my mom will order it for me Sunday (my sweet 16) :D
Sam Adams<3
Where did she go? Pops? Aristons?RT : RT : Woman from Suburban Chicago Dies After Hot Beef Fat Injection
huh. I'll have to see if they have it on Netflix after I finish season 7
Your other bro Kidd is on line 1 RT : Just talked to my big bro praying that he makes a full and speedy recovery!
And the award for Most Creative Headline goes to AOL.COM! "Anthony Weiner: 'I Am Resigning' "
i already have my jersey tshirt on...
welcome my pretty!
I was 2 secs away from a response. Glad you figured it out.
Hey, Sean, are you getting paid by these news agencies for your quarantine pics?! Double down!
At the dermatologist,what a joy...
Hah! Your name came up as someone I might want to follow. Of course I will. See you tomorrow night.
here is our email address.
that is highly unlikely :) Disneyland is the happiest place on earth <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
thanks for stealing my thunder on the mountain passes! Just kidding!
Sabermetrics work. It's about time the Astros got on board. This is the missing piece.
My phone would have been exhausted tonite if I were able to take pics. Great game #sportingkc I'm officially a huge fan!!
The pretzel vendor was surrounded by bitterness.
How long is a girl a child? She is a child, and then one morning you wake up she's a woman.
I doubt it would save the tax payer anything. They'd just raise prices
Deliver information at the "lesson level" the primary level of interest to the student
Please disregard all IU Alumni tweets for now. I'm attempting to track down where they are coming from.
my money's on Kim and Khloe take K Street
Yes, Thank you Ryan!
What have you been up to?
Whos girl n r corp video about #virtual #staging? Kari Hawker, actress/director c her on Lifetime movie Christmas Angel Wed eve @ 8pm!
At the end of the day, I'm against linking our system of social benefits to the institution of marriage.
Most of the ones I know are library and records related but try Trak, LAC Group, InfoCurrent, AIM USA. Had good luck with Trak
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way. – Napoleon Hill
Today the only place in the city to get our amazing gyros is at Direct Supply, so come down and grab one of our $4 treats for lunch today!!
Shaking those martinis is a real upper body work-out for those servers.
What's that lumina song?
there are no bathrooms where I am...side of the road will have to do, haha.
yep with my mom. that'll work XD. the day we get out of school imma get my purple streaks.
Yeah, am getting into them some. Been listening to Riot! for a while now. About to try the current album.
Great advice from during #wcmf11 class: "You have to Google your own education."
My will is not mine until God makes it His!!!!
Good questions and honest thinking is worth it every time.
Madea's Big Happy Family! This movie is the shit:D
Um... of course?
For Yankees info, follow
I'm so lost and confused right now... Needing some help..
“: Smile and breathe”I am lol that's all u can do , " just breath "
huge annual event. In Irving this year. Tons of people, food, beer, vendors. Perfect marraige for you two.
we need to discuss partnership soon!
lame. Thursday! Or Friday. Or Saturday
I've done that too came to a dead stop on the highway, thinking what am I doing again?? Hhaa
I wish you Wisdom to choose priorities for those things that really matter in life.
It is only as we develop others that we permanently succeed. -Harvey S. Firestone
Congrats, Jake. RT : getting his ass kicked by a teen hockey goon in Best Amer. Sports Writing deadspin.com/5833310
Tulowitzki leads off the 5th with a single to right center.
“: your bout to lose your bff card smh” YEAH OKAY! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
100,000? Un ego. :) I have 29 & have to rely on to retweet anything that's important to me!
Nice drive
RT : What was Westbrook doing though? He left Blake wide open! <- Russ West knew Blake wasn't clutch, wouldn't risk a 3-shot foul
Yay!!! finally class for me....whoa
Biron...it was what (Orpik’s) done all his career & he’s going to continue to do that unless somebody just gets him either w/ a suspension..
Just picked up #Superbowl groceries. Yes, there will be chips and/or dip.
oye hit me with your cell through a mesage
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I don't want ya money
Facebook, Twitter Launch Mideast Revolution, for more info visit www.tncnews.com click on Video News
Awesome. Thanks for tweeting it.
Congrats for winning heat 1!!
Thx for the RT! We're now at 157 followers and counting! =)
who was that?! So sad.., sending love.
Correction to my last tweet, apparently it's not opening night of The City Club. But all the actors were very talented, fun to see.
riiightt, I would of told her to stfu. Dead ass. She think people are listening and shit. -.-"
Life is too dear, do not ruin it.
Never in my life I've seen a well coach team discipline enough to shift 4 time to 4 diff formation
Haven't yet seen it but everyone...and I mean everyone I talk to who has seen it loved it. Go see it and let me know.
It's Friday. That's the reason.
Anyone want to create a movement to push school boards to adopt the standards Jamie Oliver has developed?
RT : Going to the hometown to check out the See you there ppl
Did you really? I'm sorry but I missed it!! Oh well I tried :)
Plus Greece;)
Listening to an acoustic guitar cover of Ace of Base's The Sign. Pandora, you are swell.
That's all I really wanna do, is fall in love with you.
Broken headphones need new ones!
i think that's all i have in me about yarn for now, since the installation will be a work in progress throughout ArtWalk weekend....
Convoluting the Matrix, brb
The US OPEN Racquetball Championships held Oct. 5-9 at Life Time Fitness Target Center. Be great to get local coverage. :-)
what was the biggest amount the brewers have ever lost by? (Ex: 16 to 1)
you gotta be a junior to go to prom i think lol.
New novels by mystery writers Donna Leon and Val McDermid have strong social injustice undertone
thanks!! I wanna meet you too!! :D
Thinking about practicing my bow and arrow skills tonight in anticipation for the #hungergames!
& need to just team up on me, any other way I'm crushing all competition
Lmao(: RT : Oh called you a bitch RT : thanks for not taking ur drink in my car lol!(:
#IGNITIONWest peeps: check out our Juice Bar today, complete with charging station to "juice" up your phones :)
"I wish I could forget every fucking thing about you." - (Sam Merlotte) True Blood <3
Lovely meeting you too! :) RT : Hi it was nice meeting u at the #guambeautypopup event !
Ha! Well I'm not CEO (yet) but things are good! I'm having fun.
First Thursday at Blitz in the pearl is going to be awesome. great art, Exit skate demo, good food & lots of beer. Come check out our booth!
even w a decade news media exp I had not given it much thought. thx for pointing out the difference
#FF to some of our newest followers! Thanks for your support!
thx. silly, mostly. but fun.
The captain had only topick his men
a lovely run of good luck (clear roads, fast parking shuttle, easy BWI security)...and i actually caught my flight. next stop: nashville!
;) surprisingly, mines clean!
I don't feel good x(
Ha! I love it
Have a Safe & Happy Thanksgiving!
Sipping some sinus sleepy time tea. Snuggling w the kitty whose probably making me sick.
The rumors are true! I will be guest tweeting for on Tuesday. I have 1.75 hours to find out what this means...
ik u wudnt do tht to me lol. n wow i started cryin too when i seen paul cryin
what do you promote?
okay bye </3
Sorry about that last tweet I actually love Kells.....hahaha
TOMORROW we'll be at BONESHAKERS for the LAUNCH Party! We'll be video streaming LIVE as usual! Mark your calendars! :)
Deshawn Stevenson has that million dollar move with the ten cent shot
I have just promised Angie that if we don't take her to get a new phone today, I will commit Seppuku.
Can't wait to spend some QT with my love this weekend!
Number 4 color blue :)
Just one email. Hm.
Fondon issues a pair of walks in the 2nd and a sac moves the runners over
My sister can have 3's but I have to have all 1's
I'm not even lying I do the exact same Shit lol
I certainly will when I visit you guys next Friday
Happy birthday to my favorite nugget !!
Wow, that's awesome!
Enjoy Firenze. Wish we were there right now too. [Sigh]
thats whats up. Ill come down there one day. Ill text you, i think i have still your number.
Can i say or do something without getting judged? No. This is my life, i dont want any comments about my own decisions.
my harddrive is an example of terrible curation :)
Dnt tlk shit if you cant bag it up
of course!
Someone needs to get to sing to playing guitar.
Awesome job by of spreading rumors of a Rose injury. Great journalism.
24 hours from now, we find out if and will be Cats
Some my take the passenger seat in life, but I belong behind the wheel!!
About to go hunt some birds with haha
- your website/blog is such an amazing resource. It's one of the best ways I know of to stay current in the field. Thanks Tony!
Foucault messes up my brain.
Someone needs to teach the refs how to turn their mics off : )
You've got me thinking about ROA (Return on App), and that $5M app dev impact threshold.
Interested in hosting an exchange student short or long term? Send us a direct message!
damn 4real mane shit what u gone do
Attention Pregnant Ladies: Please do not post every 10 minutes how far you are in labor. It's truly disgusting and gross in every way.
Mama Gump was right. Life really is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you are going to get.
“: I miss you guys ” we miss you too!
You mean "pork fee." RT If you do that you may have to pay the BYOB cork fee.
People can’t change the truth but the truth can change people
wonderful and you?
's Marielena Hincapie tells #womentogether: diverse coalitions have blocked anti #immigrant laws in
Our ad in next Texas Music Magazine has 1000 CDs in digipaks & 40 t-shirts for $1390! or 1000 CDs in full color sleeves for $790! Hit us.
not really feeling getting on my feet and making some noise guys, you're up 32 going into the 4th
Thank you for applying!! Please spread the word!! Nominate others!!
Omg is playing Prisencolinensinainciusol
True! I don't want you to sleep with my girlfriend lmao xD
fantastic! Which location?
Thanks to our friend Cythia! last week she donated $100!!! That makes her a Brother Bro-Patter!!!
Another night "IN"
The division is ours for the taking! Let's go SHARKS!
your face.
- I'm a fan of this
Yes! I love it!!
This goes to all the spoiled children out there.
alright for sure (;
FYI peeps... Roasted Chicken last night = Chicken Soup today!! Stock is on now
Thanks for the kind words though I don't know how useful the HITS were! :-) I miss all of you :-(.
Today a library in England will be dedicated to my husband, a very very good man. The Rigg Library. #wow!
It's Friday. We so excited.
This summer I'm balling out
ME TOO ME TOO ME TOO
so did you like it?:)
Check out the new Legends Golf & Country Club by Lennar FAN page! Show us how much you LIKE the community by clicking the LIKE button!!
Damnit... I had a costume ready for this, and then realized your party is Saturday not Friday. I'm out of town Saturday. Sorry!
its a fact tht i automatically do it!! iono why- but it jus happens
who keeps the dog/cat after the divorce.
Because if you announce it on Twitter, we'll hold you to it, right?
trying to get legit with our social bookmarking icons. To use service icons do you have to have written agreements with each?
You may be too fat if you protest a restaurant for cutting you off from an all you eat fish dinner.
Q1: How do I know if I need full service, a designer or developer for Wordpress?
Motion with your finger for a girl to come over. When she gets there say, /I knew if I fingered you long enough you would cum./
its all good
because the odds are ever in there favor ;)
Oh it is!
“: WIP's Sunday party seems to be getting stronger. A bunch of notable names showed up last night for 's performance.”
l love ur videos! i watch them all the time & it would be amazing if u would follow me. it would actually make my YEAR!!!!! <3
Ah Mother's Day, here we are again. Mind if I sit this one out?
Update on Lopez?
Wow thanks alot!
Drinking Adobe fizzy water. Good thing I don't need the tool.
I love u back<3
Some students of Santana High School hit by car on way to school. Minor injuries reported.
Thanks, God. One last beautiful sunrise. :) See you later tonight for dinner! Grilled pork chops with cherry chutney...yum.
We move to another physical location. 6107 S.E. 15 street Midwst City, OK. Smaller, but just as powerful.
i love breakfast time what you gunna eat at
Getting on our #teamfollowback status we love our fans follow us we will follow back!!!!
still sick dont know what going on sore throut havent been drink for 2 days already and i only eating 1 a day im loseing my life already:(
I'm jus depressed I cant ever dance again :"/ my dreams r ruined
Had a bunch of fun at the Northshore Christian Church Black & White gala again this year! Lotsa dancing and good food.
would that get me in trouble?
hello u can do it just don't give up
Its all good... Be Happy!!!
Am I the only person who finds the "Las Vegas Code" childish, annoying and vaguely offensive?
Also I'm glad your husband's okay! My boyfriend does that to me all the time.
Congratulations! That's fantastic!! Love those blues and Tri-colors!!
I don't play competitively. I'm more of a spectator. I find it fun to watch people play. :-)
can't believe i'm still awake!
RT : Ever-impressed by the quiet devotion, smarts, & goodwill of the Emory Library staff who are building & supporting
Haha you could make me happy by tweeting me, following me, RT me, or DMing me ;D lol
": S/O to my bro " S/O to Fidel :) Love ya bortha, you always bring
eek! I've had bad experiences with Starbucks lately..I've switched to Dunkin for the time being. Can't beat 3-6 Happy Hour!
When I grow up, I want to be as popular as you,
got a tape
#askbieber when do u think ur gonna tour in the US?
congrats sir!
Playing Draw Something with
Justed invested in united online,inc. Riskest investment i've made yet.
no. i HATE those days!! just know you are more than halfway there then u can put on ur sweats and relax :)
So a squirrel just jumped up on our screen door. Obviously wanted to watch some Star Wars.
Dad-"remember its a church, make sure you wear lots of layers so you dont strip completely naked like most of your shows"
The state of WI is not done with winter. Tue afternoon through Wed afternoon 6-10 inches in the northwest, while 3-6 inches in the northeast
I don't know why I can tweet and receive msgs but not send email. Sorry for not responding sooner!
My sister just told me about these bumper stickers--outrageous!!
#mozartsbirthday - Requiem In D Minor K. 626
As long as the wheels are still going round and round you're fine...
she's pretty awesome, you should have the tambourine under your foot like she does!
One class was literally about breathing (as it had to do with relaxation and stress or some nonsense).
hey lady. Congrats on your show. I remember what it is like to share the stage with you. You always rock. Come to New York..
Awesome presentation by at #sdsms !
When do you come back?!
North Carolina, on the wrong side of history since 1861. - Letterman
*whispering* hey guess what? You get to see me tomorrow night!
Boppas gonna be thick in Beamers tonight cuz gonna be in the house!
#onlyinthehood would you find a drunk old man singing "life's so short, i don't wanna go to court" while falling over
It was pretty great! I'll probably be coming to Tucson more often now, next time I'll say hi if I think it's you!
Y'all be worried about the wrong shit..
#Baltimore....don't be scared of the weather. Embrace it and come join us for a beer. $1 blue moons at midnight for 15mins.
Hey Zipsters! Just 8 more days to refer a friend & receive $80 driving credit to share: ow.ly/8DvpP
Jacque Jones. “: Worse arm: Juan Pierre or Johnny Damon?”
Just when I thot was gonna grind it out tonight he suggest we get a room... Guess the young gun has to take over and get us home!
About to head into news conference about a food stamp fraud investigation
So glad we could help! Keep up the awesome work!
oh dear.
I hate being told the same shit over and over again
In Fort Wayne at the Grandparents' house. Getting ready to hook 15 more people on #IndyCar racing.
dam a born ass day at auntie's BBQ hope to have fun today.
I hate it here
Feeling positively Parisian sitting at a sidewalk cafe. But I am getting really cold.
If I did do that, I doubt I'd be the only one. Some nutcases go here.
This is so awkward.
Good article. I am using a Willie Sutton reference for the #socialmedia class I am about to teach at .
Too much
where are you
Congrats to all your contest winners!
Omg so hot in here i still cant sleep!!!!!!
Thanx for the preview..
What to you call a Russian flea? A Moscow-ito!
I love pennies! Such satisfaction paying 8 cents or 3cents for 23 cents. #Canada eliminates the #penny. Can we please do the same?
Artists/designers, stop using the autotrace tool to create "original" works. Running a process on an image doesn't make it viable.
Working on a concept album that's 227 beats per minute and based on samples of Jackée and Sherman Hemsley.
never argue with idiots. They'll bring you down to their level and beat you with experience.
I legit was just humming that as your Tweet came up haha!!
Thanks for playing...you're just full of one-liners #more sarcasm
Thank u lord for wake me and my family up this morning
Happy hour specials 3-9... $5 stoli cocktails, $2 miller bottles, $3 tall rails. Come take advantage of the best patio in Milwaukee!!
Today in 1828 NoahWebster, widely known as a crackpot, published American Dictionary wch remade his reputation into Founding Father
Rockstars spend their marketing efforts with loyal fans while companies focus on acqiring new customers via
ha, twas even better this time!
if I drink any more pumpkin spice lattes, I'm going to turn into a pumpkin!!
stuffed peppers and icecream :/
We'll hope the wait list comes thru has not had the pleasure of dinner there so lets plan it.
Swag doesnt have anything on class.
Just meeting with childhhod friend, who is National Director of Diversity for ALL clubs. Incredible intiatives going on.
RT : Success requires continual change, constant improvement, and ongoing sacrifice.
Fo Real I NEED THIS SHIRT Where can I Cop It?
Rain and sleet outside. "March went out like a lion, a whippin up the water in the bay...."
you make my day noelle lol(:
I saw that... Hope all is going well for u...u look awesome!
4/20 also happens to be Hitler's birthday...
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 14
You bet, thank you! I hope those students are going into marketing (: cc
Recommendations-Oregon, Washington, Seattle!?
where did he go?.. my eyes are like clouds..
That is so awesome!! The blog section @ stratejoy.com is also hosting 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLCs in real time!!
you a fool...
now officially has a license to get married. Only took 10 minutes & cost $93, probably the fastest & cheapest part of the whole process! ;-)
*shoots glitter cannon* RT : Don't sell your soul to have what someone had yesterday.
aha das' the motto. good luck though :)
What workshop are you attending today? Tweet us!
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081> Christmas break!
yum yum yum yum!
Love Al Michael's references to the Vegas line at the end of nearly every game on
bout to make that pantie dropping music
Am i the only one who used to watch Dr Quinn as a child <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>. That was my show.
You're welcome. Looking forward to your tweets.
love it!! I did plays from young 2 'old' My dream was 2 be an #actress ever since I can remember
Yup! Let us know when you're in #LA again! :)
It amazes me how long me & been friends with some people & they still don't know we share the same birthday
Thanks for following my tweets! Be blessed!
iSchoolers, Join us at the Dog and Duck this evening at 6:30 for a Welcome Back Happy Hour! Join us later for Gone to Texas at 8:00pm!
Gavin DeGraw is simply amazing
Royal Ink's soft opening is today
fuckas try to find me!!!
I've typed descriptions for 190 8x10 film negatives TODAY ALONE.
Somehow the app market got taken off my phone. How can I get the market app back if I can't access the market lol
At to celebrate their 3 Year Anniversary! The party has been going all week. Congratulations to Asim & the Policy crew!!
#GLread11 very excited to be a part of the global read aloud project!
Happy Father's Day!
Prove it.
I'm gonna be pissed if my direct tv don't come bk on or this storm don't stop n the next 20min and I miss
that's why I sent it to you;). I love the oatmeal
The media is boxing MITT ROMNEY into a corner. The BULLY debut from his old school really shows who MITT is. Granted people do change.
Why did I go back to school? All I do is school work. Is it Friday and #wineweek yet?!
hey let's do something soon? :)
does that include Jimmy!
do you ever have concert.?I really want to meet you and so does my brother but he can't. So I just want him to know that I did
Everyone Tweet people not following TO follow him! #RObotz get to it! We are taking over! Tweet alot of ppl and He will follow you!
wow, congrats Philip Humber with the 21st Perfect Game in History!
Does he know? Can he tell?...he knows...Mr. Hansen can TOTALLY tell that I'm stoned....wait, does he know?
Arranging a bowl of flowers in the morning can give a sense of quiet in a crowded day - like writing a poem, or saying a prayer.
RT : Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep via
truth be told, the pros only pedaled with one leg... RT RsNT Training Ride with the pros app.strava.com/rides/calp-com…
"falling in love is easy BUT someone tell me how to stay there"...i swear this quote is monsterous
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones. - Phillip Brooks
He lied. Shocker.
‘Abdu’l-Bahá is driving through a park on his way to a home for the poor.
Awww, back at you! How are you doing? What's new? It's been YEARS!! (feels like it anyway)
Hey! It's Cyber Monday! A great day to order a deck of GOLPH cards...you'll love to play the game and your family and friends will, too!
attempting to make last minute decisions & final arrangements for this photo shoot on Thursday
hello september! if that cold wind i felt yesterday keeps up, then i think we can be friends for a long while.
i take that as a yes .
werk bitch, you don't got to stress this. show 'em how it's done.
mcdonalds tomorrow then?
ASTD TechKnowledge 2012...here we come! Stop by booth 300 to say hello.
yea, making money is a TOP priority of mines. I think about how to make more everyday. Always have since I was like 5 lol
I NEED A VACATiON!!!!
Peter Sellers in Being There. I like to watch.
austin please come to mexico mexican mahomies needs you please please #AustinInMexico :D
lol I haven't :/ but I can't believ u remember! Haha
Awesome! How was the process of setting up your project? We enjoy the feedback. ;)
Spring cleaning!
Worldwide- Income Opportunity. We are looking for promoters to work from home. The pay is 100 dollars per day
it wouldn't be complete without those arm extender things old people use.
Yup, your way!
Just got off the plane in Sacramento. Here to testify at Transportation comm. in favor of AB 1572- the bill to reform
Yeah just mentiomed as a good resource for tech I agree! #mlamobiletech follow krafty librarian blog!
haRT : BESTFRIEND: the one you can get mad at only for a short period because you have important stuff to tell them
THE S WORD
We are excited about our new products from
#MyPaastRelationships weren't what I was lookin for. I want you<3
LOL what does that stand for?
Why do women stare at me but never speak? If you are attracted to me, at least wave!
Getting so nervous for tonights #razzieawards....I'm a dork, I know!! :)
What an honor...and what fun!
ok that's fine! We'll do a movie night!!!!! I'll finally make those brownie things!!!
I noticed you're following Homeless Hotspots. Wondered what you thought of it.
Good sunday morning fam. Hope all are having a good one. Keep the faith!
very true chip - we actually had to go ahead and get her prosthetic fingers
Almost game time! #GeauxTigersBeatBama ! Who do you think will win the #BCSChampionship?
Mills they better hope so with what they gave up.. paid off for Cinci holding out
Good Morning Everybody! :)
That moment where you smile at a stranger to have them point out lipstick on your teeth #Thesedamnlips&teethglossy
SHAKE IT!
Hamilton is a monster.
Venison sausages today! Gamey gasmic goodness
I stuck with fruit salad. Can't go wrong with just having to cup up fruit :)
when are you guys coming to chicago?
are you drunk missy?
Peter Schiff is the man
Everytime I have a cherry, I feel the need to tie the stem into a knot in my mouth ;-)
“: Better hide the matches now.” Haha!! Not happening!
#AJStream raising your voice and abrasive comments wont make people listen to you or take u seriously. Bravo 2
Ha ha! I just heard a story about millionaire who hired a rain witch to find wells for vineyard. Anything is possible. Thx 4 RT ;)
I'm not in L.A. with Zachary. -___-
#imagine You're taking a shower and Niall comes in. He stops the water and slaps ur ass 'You don't need water.. I can make u wet.' ;)
Driving 10 mph on 94 has to be the best way to work...right.....riiiiigggghhhhht
Yup - AJL, last year! Unfortunately I didn't get to do the tour, but the presentations were great!
Student teams today in Maysville!
oh yeah, your stomach is going to be hurting from laughing for sure:) lol
Hi dud
omg I just had those for breakfast!!!! :D <3 so good!
SUPER SATURDAY SALE COME VISIT OUR WAREHOUSE AND SAVE 10% ON ANY NON SALE ITEM! OR SVAE 10% BY PLACING YOUR ORDER OVER THE PHONE ON SATURDAY
Air Designs, the prop place? What are you working on down there?
This stupid ass art teacher gettn on my fckn nerves bro .. I'm bout to punch him in his face .. dirty ass hobo !!
Wishing a very happy birthday to my mom. I can't wait to see you in October!
Holy Penny lane! *goes running after* I was kidding lol :D yes we're almost a month like u said :D
After watching #NeverSayNever, I must admit I am now a
done! ticket submitted. thanks for the link.
: OK. You might remind him that he said he'd debate me on the subject "anytime," before backing down the first time.
it was awesome I only saw a little though but if he comes new York he should have onelol here
if you want 2 always be disappointed, pls free free 2 follow the w/ & me
-- no they not
just a test, but pretty poor timing as a storm is rolling through.
Hey sir, how is everything?
Our studio name came from Dixiana, South Carolina. We located to Nashville.
#JustRememberThat I am always here to support you and will forever be.
I'll shoot you if you dont eat my poo!
The suggestion of creating a simulation of interactivity makes me think about machinima.
Happy Hump Day. Make it great.
hey! Follow back? =)
Those who think you can buy votes don't understand democracy. You can never buy a vote; you have to earn every single one.
So the ways in which rights discourses are deployed are super fascinating.
You're so annoying it's literally killing my brain cells.
Got checked today...wtf
Absotutly, let's keep it on Wednesdays!
Before calling press read what they've tweeted, this can save you from embarrassment or spark ideas.
You're so cultured and get geography. : London is cold AS FUCK!!!!!!!!"
a chihuahua. well I have three others, but I'm with the chihuahua :D , you're slacking' brueh!
for a moment, I thought you were talking about mark henry
Depends on what you mean by funny. See: Joe Pesci, Goodfellas
only problem was the noise. House of blues woke us up at 2am and 4am for 1/2 hour. Very tired today.
what BILLIONS are you refering to? This just more slander from you? Our LM-2 is public record as a
thanks. Where is your picture?
Hey there guys. It's been awhile<3
Wishing everyone a happy and safe Halloween! Be sure to brush and floss after eating all that candy!
Love that show. Have to catch the rebroadcast. "If it don't make money, it don't make sense." ~ Miss Robbie *LOL*
Giant fan in MIA still got much love for ya skillz. Thx and welcome back to the good life. It didn't kill ya...so you better
please tweet us. VASHAPPENEN Rena and Gaby <3 i love u :)
Scholars were not surprised to find that mustache growth was the main subject of Nietzsche's private journals.
AGREE. Invest! > RT : was excellent at #bigomaha - but in my experience, some "B" teamers can become outstanding over time
Power is out?? Good thing we finished dinner & cleaned up!
thanks! Have a great weekend.
Many thanks and much respect for that support! A great honor to see you following our tweets.
I'm surprised at how many people do that. Is be ashamed. Even tho it's just a silly game. I can't do it.
Boyfriend by Best Coast is the most relevant song
shut the hell up
Super bowl tonight !!!!!!
wow! I got a haircut yesterday!
Consider yourself a cigar aficionado? Come check out our walk-in cigar humidor!
I feel it's an insight into the past that was lost, unfortunately.
Wish strawberries came single
Lent is simply not enough.
back in 07, busted Zocolillo, low level NY hood -out of jail now doing reality t v 'mamas boys of the bronx' what the hey?10news tonight
need some weed for my needs
Did you know...? Each Zipcar takes at least 15 personally owned cars off the road.
I didn't hear that as directed against the whole assessment movement, but against test-driven assessment.
Giants!! Holy crap.
Going to the loop today gonna get some new clothes/any ideas.
looking for effective tool for sorting, tagging, storing pdf downloads - in way that isnt breaking copyright. any suggestions?
it makes me so happy that Mikey followed me after he promised to <3
Well today is not Friday, but it is #TNI day, so almost as good! Looking fwd to reminiscing abt Spring Break w/ &
wut can u spend anothr day w/out?
Bach opens a vista to the universe. After experiencing him, people feel there is meaning to life after all. ~Helmut Walcha
Hard to believe Dave Grohl was once the drummer for Nirvana! RT Finally......some REAL talent..........#FooFighters!!!
but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy." - Martin luther king
Sketching up some large ideas!
right! they are dangerous aren't they?
hell nawl ! Into a fuckin' compartment with like 70 more people for 8 fucking weeks !
I once again wanted to share my main mantra: "Everyone is on their own path at their own pace." How does that resonate with you?
Future overrated
that's why he gave us the hardest part ;)
Dear girls (or guys) in yoga: please no more short shorts.
Diiamon'd Vasquez -<U+2605> Check me out <U+2605> More to come
What's on my myn hum my Son most def...
She ain't a killer but she'd fucking blow your head off.
#Its2012WhyYouStill rocking airbrushed t shirts and scrolling belt buckles.
Coffee Ice Cream <U+2601> yumm -A
Excited to learn that is coming to Colorado! We welcome you with open arms!
thats nice to now
Dude, that is so 2009–like Chatroulette.
Studio session 11pm tomorrow Superstar No limit
My goodness Chelsea!
Happy Birthday
your welcome.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>. When they say that it's just another way of sweet talking you and trying to get u back.
If it's not one thing, it's another.
RT For those keeping count, Gingrich now has compared himself to Reagan, Jefferson, Jackson, Lincoln and FDR.
is preaching the word this am ! We need a exalted view of God !!
oh, it'll be back. We have Atlanta at Actor's Express next.
they should harassing his RAT friend!!
What comedians we're left out of the comedy awards that you would like us to get.
Why shoot on the empty net? KILL THE CLOCK AND CELEBRATE!
whatever....you say!!
Its National Margarita Day!!!!!!!! $5 margaritas all day long!!!! Have a great day everyone!!!!!
it'll just take a little practice and memorization.
Yep!(: haha, it seems like it's been awhile since we've talked!
ever miss your braces ?;)
My gf and I just walked thru ur place. Y are u moving? Its pretty nice. Is it a cool place to live? PS- love following ur tweets
this is my favorite page yet! So excited for this episode
I'm in a Lo-Key State Of Mind!
Well the A-Z is finished.... gotta figure out what to play now. bugger.
totally understand. Between WWTT and RFS it's like my grim reaper story is still stuck at 25k...poor thing! lol Must reap souls!
Occupy Toronto order to evict upheld
#LALDelta pau. He ways flies high!
Aw poor Rachel
Many speed traps on 394w, if you are headed to the Twins game!
no school all day
Had a delicious salmon salad from the other day, incredible ingredients, even the mint is so fresh. Go, #lajolla, go!
Sweet, I could get a job making 14.50 and hour.
Nice to see gas prices falling a bit in Sacramento. Wonder if it's just so they can be raised for the holiday.
Need a tg crew jump on the wagon might have a tic for ya if you need
Our pitching's going to take some time to come around, but this offense will carry us until it does. I REFUSE TO LOSE. #LASERSHOW OUT.
6am Bikram... Yes it was amazing. Love this practice. Now I take kiddos to school.
What's not to love about you guys????
I love your song What Makes You Beautiful ! Good job boys :)
This Jemi scene >
because of you I have made it to round 4 in the YOBI Sing Competition!
An early start in SoCal - mornin'! RT“: Good morning!”
,um my fone broke like two days ago :/ so ii cant text u but if ,I get a new one i will do :) and just message me?!
Dear restaurants: the #1 way to get on my shit-list isn't bad food, but lack of consistency. Don't wow me 1 day & then gross me out the next
Egg-cellent #Easter breakfast spot! We're serving up glasses of Prosecco, Crab Cake Benedict, Seattle Strata, & Challah French Toast.
On the road
i guess you're right. He gets his though.
#chevysxsw Good job Patty. I've never had a better cruze in my life.
That was incredible!!
www.DigitalGeeks.org now will help you get your webpage up and running. Contact us for a free consultation
#LetsBeReal when girls get mad guys4txting females.99% of the time ur txting guys. So
It's not news. Twitter probably did that, lol. I know Twitter follows/unfollows ppl randomly. It's a known glitch.
And… Mat Latos just one-upped Mike Leake. LF corner to same spot in RCF. Leake was throwing about 50 feet from third base.
Aloha ! Mahalo for the mention. RT Say hello to my friends at the for me.
You should tell yo friends to follow me. Cause I like that shit.
Now Following Back
Hell yes; black olives, kalamata, whatever the kind of olive, it can live on my slice.
Just trying to figure out which of my WrestleMania photos is the most ridiculous.
I liked you on KSR with Matt. I understand your view. If he hadn't lied about meaning to do it 4-5 games would be enough.
Monday afternoon Happy Hour is in full swing - come on by and enjoy a half price beef burger & drink specials until 7pm!
Original with strawberries, kiwi, blueberries and honey. #YUM!!
cool, I'll send both of you an email with internal link -- downloading everything now :)
MT Boone Logan has 24K in 15.2 IP. Continues to quietly dominate as a reliever...<<Just PLEASE dont get hurt...
Nintendo news New Mario game coming to 3DS Kirby collection- new wii games
I got a B in Calculus going into the final..... Thank you god ......
It seems we are kindred spirits, sir - Love the name.
haha that's being nicee! & don't you remember? We are, that one day you were fucked up so you married me lolol :D
found it! Tweet forthcoming
Final Four, here we come!!!!
yep, we're adding a link there. thanks for the suggestion
Me too lolRT : Had fun with the hommie last night
Photoshoot went as planned today, now tomorrow we get busy writing this amazing music we hope you all will enjoy! Hope too see you all soon!
Where was your shirt made? Read the Label and share with us. #readthelabel challenge
We're all set up for the tours of the CLRC today for the Philadelphia Book Festival at the Free Library. Drop by and see us!
are you coming to tonight HMU if you decide to
It's starting to get warm out... maybe it's time for a Hennepin or two...
They should just let it go ……
hey, umm your profile says talk to you, so hi :D haha
Being yourself is not remaining what you were, or being satisfied with what your are. It is the point of departure ~Sydney J. Harris
Such a great idea.
In a small town, odd people are characters. In a big city, they are sinister and scary.
Your probably write, sigh
A FUCKING SAP!!!!
that tournament helped with that. I dunno, hes the guy I wanted with 4 and I was shocked when it didnt happen
I will #vote NO for any bill that limits the rights of NC. Let’s return prosperity to NC! #NC09 #NCPOL #
How could you be in a bad mood when the sun is out!? #positiveattitude <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
#NowPlaying –Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Dirty South & Those Usual Suspects – Walking Alone
Have a favorite quote from Swami Kriyananda or his Guru, Paramhansa Yogananda? Please share with us and others!
doesn't care about his fans ? he RTs and replies to them as much as possible !
The one class I stayed an extra day for lasted 5 minutes
Better make that bet by Sunday. $$$
Full color business cards on 16PT Heavy Stock, UV coating on color sides, full color both sides, only $75 for 1,000 cards!
why do i always get on twitter at 5am ??? i just noticed this.. lol wow i feel stupid :/ haha
If I don't sleep soon I'm gonna snap
The last time UofL defeated UK twice in the same season in baseball was 1979.
The art of music videos is dead, bring it back Kanye
Note to self, turn ringer off. Katy Perry's "Last Friday Night" just blasted in the church. Sorry Jesus. Grandma, pls smooth things over.
keyshia cole's voice is so pretty .
Anyone wondering if these fights between the #Rangers and #Devils are pre-arranged?
Yeah, you're right. Just so many options! We'll make the most of it though. Thanks!
THE SING-OFF IS GETTING CANCELLED <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
I'll take my tweet no. 2,001 to just say: I don't know how I got so lucky to be so happy again.
hey, I believe we were promised kitten photos.
Wish I knew more about 'archive'. But it surely holds many abandoned websites, midi files & all, that could help you.
Sorry I can not root for you any longer since you are now a member of the J-E-T-S! We had a good run while it lasted.
Im in the money!
Windwood: Strategic planning is so 20th Century. It is like a straight jacket
I wish I could afford to go to bamboozle. idk the only band I wanna see is Brand New. I'll probably never get to see them ever though. :/
NicheActuator thanks for following me on Twitter!
Where do you get them? Hook me up with some good ones for spanish and german - we can have some charlars in AA sometime.
10 months today.
For all those Duck fans that can't get enough Rose Bowl, ESPN is replaying the game right now
The day I open a fruit snack and there's no yellow ones will be the happiest day of my life.
reggie miller just said the collective gas just came over everyone in this arena.
can I ask you to do me a favor plz?
Don't leave her, if you can't let her go.
Good Morning
wow asham you are incredibly stupid
not sure I can, but I'm always up for the challenge ;)
"Fade to Black" is probably the most frustrating Google Alert we've ever had.
Quality time wit lil D
Law of gravity, Law of attraction, Law of relativity .... We need to focus on the Law of Balance!
Per WCNC, bad multiple car accident on 485 inner loop at 51. Please be safe, Everyone.
if cincy wins...its actually conference USA taking care of the top of the big ten.
What planet have you been living on? You're right you did not know him. And his heart would not allow him to hurt a child.
": okay now WHATS THE SHOCKER???" I can't tell u on twitter I got morals !
RT : Every resume should be just a little bit different, no two job descriptions are alike.
Mentioning the movie "good hair" around chicks wearing weave
You guys realize that Fielder is only 5'11", right? Not exactly NFL height. Love him on diamond but not gridiron.
I hate when I hear & see shit that reminds me of the Past. Makes me want 2 tear up sum shit. Ugh
Happy Hump Day! What's your favorite happy hour drink?
Up Early Still Not Feelinq Gud... Finna Cook Me A Hot Breakfast Then Get Back In Dha Bed &'nd Sleep Until I Can't Sleep NoMoe!
Are you a comedian?
Everything that don't make since about me, makes since when I'm with you.
was just talking about aspen... Maybe next winter
im so glad guys cant see our boners
I don't want Ramiro to make his car ugly. D:
Maybe just think about transparency - you don't need to censor it.
np man. another good amp, just depends on what you like. I'd give the a listen. it slams.
oh Alex
Dope music bruh.. get at me for some collabs Check my artist --->
LOVE!!!!!!! RT : A1: vocation is not a goal that you pursue. it is a calling that you hear.
Driving to Frankfort. ETA 1:31 PM using Waze - Drive Social
u silly
Thank you VHS people. Honored to play with all you.
hang in there, it'll be here before you know it.
Love it!!<U+E32D>
I constantly wherever I go I have my phone in my hand
I signed up on your site, but I live in New Mexico. Next time i am in town, I'll try to stop by. Many thanks!
Perkins would beat the hell out of Dirk anyways! Get the hell out of here, Dirt.
Should I send a help request from admin account or from team member account?
Before cutting out old RG6 wire in one's attic, one should really verify it isn't being used, first. Oops.
and the percentage after 10 minutes is ____??
Articulate Technologies is Hiring! Looking for a Regional Sales Manager in the SF Bay Area. Recommendations appreciated! bit.ly/5cpOcM
i'm a girl. wbu?
crap, no lol
do people actually fall for this? Lol
I hope cinco de hoy went/is going well...best wishes!!
we know, thanks for keeping us in mind!!! ;) keep in touch
people these days.
Come by Tue., Feb. 7th 5p to close! at 7pm. All ages until 9pm. 50% sales go to Sunshine Division
thanks! so do we : )
Any idea how long these communications could last?
#birthday festivities continue tonite w/my core crew. So blessed to have them in my life & the years of friendship & supporting each other.
We love actors! Tell us how to improve the app to help you learn your lines :)
hahaa omg yess! I miss u!
justin bieber all day <3 :)
Join our Twitter Competition..The person who has most Retweets of will will win a signed ball from one of our legends
I know smfh. U should take me to the hospital
Thanks for the love ! could not exist without runners like you!
You're doing a great job with the #Facebook class!
love you
Ok i am gonna study now... (3 hours later) ok.. I am gonna study now.
What do you do?
Hi! I am a San Diego Bankruptcy and Probate Law Attorney. Let's connect! I am looking for referral partners and networking. ~ SB
To those up in arms about North Carolina, where have you been? 29 other states have constitutional bans.
Trying to take it one day at a time
to me, you’re as perfect as can be. you're nothing short of my everything. Happy 1 month anniversary :)
yea we r lols
we just love you, chel.
So ready for my #trueblood #hbotrueblood Can't wait & Jessica better get saved! #teamjessica #teameric&sookie
And i so dont miss alcohol!
did you replace me !?
when and I have a
lol yeah it's crazy but I love it...proly gets old after 6 years tho
#marcfail is broader than issues that are MARC's fault in popular usage
RT : BREAKING NEWS: DOJ, FBI opens investigation into #trayvon Martin shooting
You got me hooked on the Janoskians haha
It`s a beautiful day! w.nathanseth.com
Trying too decipher.... Really hate suspicion
My arch-enemy: Plato. An evil spiteful cat that must be destroyed or otherwise tamed. Two attacks and a tactical herding almost did me in!
Happy Friday!
"In Droves" in tonight’s episode of #Punk'd on at 10pm fllw #ihearditonMTV ”
It's a James Bond marathon kind of afternoon. Lay-Z.
I've decided to bring my entire HIST 102 section to 's dissertation proposal on Monday. Should be a lot of fun questions!
Hahaha oh based god. The fabric from which your cut? Not again, oh shit.
RT TweetItOutKid: that awkward moment when you realize your tweets will never be as epic as
No problem :)
When You Going Thrug Your Worst Moments & The Person Is Still Next To You , That's When You Know It's REAL
Love it and only reasonable explanation
Your passion for making a difference is the spark needed for social change
I will make history, I am great.
Exactly 1 week and we'll be at Gm 1 of the Kelly Cup Finals. Who's ready? C'mon #WranglerNation time to stand up
limbaugh is declaring protests will become "bloody"? hm. i live here, and witness nothing but kindness, drumming, cookies, and pizzas
too funny
Tim Tebow sent from Denver to deliver the Jets from Evil.
when will you all come back by MI to do as show or event?
So can't wait till my divorce is final! Hmm maybe my honey & I will run away 2 Vegas 4 a wknd & elope wen both r divorces r final! :D
iWanna skate but Fuck the wind, bitch ass niggaah!
So does that mean I can't use "we" when i'm referring to you guys playing next year since I don't play with with a scholarship?
Congrats on Makin
Stealing someone else's Cheetos at lunch becasue we are just so hungry
Struggle & Hard Work Opens Many Doors
Your welcome :)) But I could tell you will enjoy the sport of basketball longer than any other
I think so. Smooth and really thoughtful.
Gardner Shirt - Check...Planned escape from work to be home in time for the game - Check! Let's Go Yankees! Happy Opening Day!
I saw them yesterday! So much fun!
NutriGen™ AM & PM Essentials are endorsed physician Dr. Vincent Giampapa and are based on years of clinical research and studies.
Now all I can do is count down the days until I see you. #IMissYouDad I mean I've survived 9 months..
S/O to the you guys always show love ; )
beet greens! beet salad! (balsamic, feta, pine nuts, olive oil, salt & pepper). yum!
real shit we all happy for the same reason
I gave my daughter a chocolate donut for breakfast. Guess who loves her mommy?
; Thanks for the follow!
#TheWalkingDead was just "okay" tonite.. A little disappt'd in 4 min increments. Killing me w 20 mins of show and 40 mins of commercials.
Such a heartbreaking loss, I really thought the Clippers had a chance tonight.
Hanging out at my friend hannah's house! Were all going to Alabama with the softball team tomorrow!:)
Just got to for free "Urbanized" screening and discussion w/ director AND there are free refreshments
sore throat and sinus problems are really a pain when you play woodwind instruments.......
Already baby much love
I really hope I get tired soon. I'm not talkin about bein up all night.
I'm bout to carry my ass right back to sleep
I'm sorry. :( He looks like a sweetie.
": Mansion Party all over my TL ! So you know #Next2Naked gone be turned tf up !"
Hey Julian =)
you're lucky you're all the way in Boston. Fucker
I kno he gonna throw some lies n it
Money never changed me it just changed friends
Rocked too hard last night. Don't have any pictures of on stage. 3 down 1 to go!
Recruitng at the director-level is expected to outpace hiring at other levels of mgmt over the next 6 mnths, according to ExecuNet poll
: dats what's up my brother can't wait to see dat thang In person GOD IS GOOD
#ispendwaytomuchmoneyon Candy, chocolate, potato chips, Popsicles! It's only when they're gone I realise I've made a bad investment :/
RT I sit everyday and ask what can I do to make a difference...
Now, I say #TeamDark&LightSkin ! :) <3 I love Me Some Read Bones :)
What an odd thing to say. wants to fundamentally transform America. I stand ready to lead us down a different path
“: It appears the tweet machine of choice is the iPhone as I look around at others here for #BrewersSMIS” I prefer my new iPad!
dot your 'I's and cross your 'Teas'
Nevermind, found some all the way in the back.
#adtech panelist: Google+ on life support only because of SEO benefit.
Wow...I finally found my twitter password!! VICTORY!!
haven't noticed it before, but really like this year's jersey
Stuck at SJC for 3hrs - #fail... acting as if nothing's wrong, gave some miles I can't use and not even a measly meal voucher
AQUS .0062s UP! This could be the breakout folks!!
SHUT UP bitch lol :D
RT : "Defeat should never be a source of discouragement, but rather a fresh
lol u so crazy
Dr. Armando Guevara will be presenting at the 2012 RIEGL International Airborne & Mobile Users Conference, Feb 28th-March 1st in Orlando, Fl
Horray! Break a leg, ! RT : About to see Figure 8 at Theatre of Note with Yay for live theatre. :)
#Danceagain is the most auto-tuned, lip synced shit I've seen performed on TV in a while...
HAPPY 21ST BIRTHDAY ! DON'T GET TOO FUCKED UP
Thanks for the RT John. Really appreciate it!
LOL! As in "Oh, Lordy, (or Lawdy as a real Southern would say :-) our champions are coalescing" Congrats 2 both!
…AND my colleague expects me to read his mind…or something. trying hard not to be cranky.
Shoot time!
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Johnny Bravo :-) :-) :-)
Looking more like the lex lol
I am telling you WE CAN FIX THE EDU MESS. And we will. We need a little more time.
you n ur boy are cute !
always keeping an eye out and my mind open. Mental notes for future projects.
Fringe has fallen off the edge into the abyss.
I love that my VP quotes Plato and Emerson at a town hall meeting.
What's going on in Clintonville, WI? More booms reported overnight. We'll talk live with the city administrator on CBS 58 Morning News.
OCLC survey: Enniss: only 38% of IRLAs have online finding aids (much lower than other institutional categories)
Sunshine and 50 on a Friday in January, makes the freezing early week forgettable.
I'll talk about this more on Monday. In the meantime, have a good weekend!
HP Commercial shoot today! One of the most Ginormous sets & loveliest crews I've ever experienced.
Goin on a run
RT: RT : "Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots."
I wanna see a DRAGON!!! Should we do another potluck?
People will always have that hard way to forget the special person after being gone.
Hater: "Cody will never notice you, he probably thinks your creepy." Me: "I'm going to stab you with my pen, k cool."
Works on both.
Making my Kentucky Derby pick this morning. Have shown an uncanny knack in years past. My heart (liver) goes to "I'll Have Another" but...
Which do you check first each day - Twitter or Facebook?
me THREE! I cant get enough!”)
'cause we're the three best friends that anybody could have! 'cause we're the three best friends that anybody could have!
Can I get more specifics?
Finally back in the USA, although at SFO I do have to wonder.
Considering doing the running of the bulls next year. Seems like great motivation to train really hard. Who's with me?
thank you love! i miss everyone too ...
you should release the lyrics to Taylor issues so i can set them as my background <3
once again, thanks for the kind words, wish you all the best
Open house will hopefully be in May, we have a TON of work to do first...
i saw your video on diggy and that was nice what u said about him:) i got the bundle today now i have two cds! l this ablum
This is the weather I like
Missouri!!!!!!! Missouri!!!!!!! MIssouri!!!! Missouri!!!! Missouri!!!! Missouri!!! Missouri!!!! Missouri!!!! Missouri!!!
Happy mothers day. You make us strong you fill us with love. All that we are is because of you. Love you mama your my best friend. Cheers
Are you serious?!
Have I ever told you how much I love Kula Shaker?
Full of energy after going to sleep @ 2...what's wrong with me!
Your not gonna support us? /:
En route to Rochester to talk #FairUse of sound recordings and #librarianscode with ARSC! Can't imagine what court case might come up.
of course!! Can't wait to hear what ur doing!
PT @ Lake Forest College!
Finally home. Ugg long day
Ron Paul was never about "freedom". He's about removing restrictions on people who own stuff.
Well there was at least a little excitement in this snooze fest.
Please tell me there are still #nickcave tickets for tonight!? I'll mask it up at #ilovesam and be in the first 50 if I have to
Meep. I'm upset with you.. haha.
It makes my day a little brighter every time answers a #diginterp question. He has perfected just the right amount of snark.
It's for Coppin State who lost by 1 to Texas to almost make the Sweet 16 in 1997
“: Support the good.”
your blog is lovely!!
his name should b blake missing...lol
We r?
Meet me down by the lake.
Llamf you ain't even got no valid argument!
When people annoy us, its usually because we are observing a trait in them that we disown in ourselves.
RT : I wish Mad Men wasn't on Sunday nights. Kind of hard to face the coming week thinking "Oh right! The world is sad and difficult"
MLS Commissioner confirms that the league will release players for the Olympics
Good first possession on the PP, didn't resemble the clogged toilet style we've become used to.
It's a great day to stop by for a tattoo! Thomas and John have some openings! Come on down!
It's like air! I NEED it! I have to be on the red carpet for the next 2 days so Sunday I'm going OFF on some TB! ;)
My new whip is sick!
Good talk by E Bayh at the State Christmas party 2nite on the strength of Hoosiers & service. Let's continue 2 come 2gether as team. - JDG
good. There's not even close to enough DiLallo in my life.
I need to be out. doing things
Anyone got the hookup with a radio station preferable 98.5 or 97.5 or both?i need to get a song out there asap for dj rowdy a
Tomorrows gonna be 70 and sunny. Hell fucking yeah
You are going to do so well, Mary! Good luck tomorrow, Mrs Ingram is a doll (:
Lots of new ideas being developed in the Us, Today laboratory.
I have bad luck.
x-man with the winner tonight! well played #SDSU let's keep it rolling on Sat v. LB
lol gotta see him with the silk shirt, sandals and plaid shorts on !!! That'll be funny
Just days til my FL trip. Ridiculously excited for WMC and Ultra Music Festival. You. Don't. Even. Know.
isnt mr bamboo dying?....says something?
Killing my babies, one at a time.
this bitch dancin in the kitchen like a fuckin idiot. She done burnt herself. Bitch stop and make me a sammich <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
That picture in your casino post really depresses me. These people are being taken for a ride.
The homepage is so adorable! Where can I find myself a weedy sea dragon?
Have they decided to call it bingahoo yet? It just makes sense. Stop wasting time and get to building the content network already.
Sometimes i just listen to song's instrumentals...calming.
I think that's what I wanna do
the issue mostly has to do w/ selection bias of the w3 visitors it is more techy, hence weighted heavier to the trendy browsers
#Drudge notes those profs from #OWS visiting #Tehran as if it's a bad thing, but maybe it's time to: #OccupyIran --RT if you love that idea.
Do you #blog? Let us know, we'd love to read it.
oh really? funneeeh that! well i just watched some of yours there great! inbox me on youtube? xx let me know when ya have
Woke up with that bless'd feeling! Time to get it in with the studies and receive HIS wisdom n understanding. A great day! Happy Hanukkah!
So excited to be in PA & DE for the next two days.
Please watch me tomorrow night on "Ghost Whisperer" where I do a stunt and jump off a building.
Contract Warriors was a unique topic. Working on anything new?
Q4 working in Admin (notlib) as Staff Asst Gave perspective into business practices when workin with vendors N built office skillz
Very well
Has anyone ever had Cantharone used on their child's skin? Trying to decide if I need to page the doctor or if this is normal.
Lip-syncing is particularly poor this season.
In 140 characters or less, tell us the story of the one that got away! We'll RT u!
Maybe the server team won't let install 1000v on host? Or possibly scalability or demarcation if you do virt firewall stuff
- never been to Europe - but water sounds like that Vichy water from France :-)
Gorgeous choreography and dancing on #DWTS tonight!!
Bestfriend alex is the cutest person ever he asked me if he can walk me to my car because I injured my ankle awww hes to cute <3
Cool-ass photo. The gold pops.
I<3your wallpaper :B
thanks! Means a lot!
Came home to a broken fridge, but I'm eating the food anyway. Hope I don't get sick.
Her damn song is stuck in my head <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
I'm watching hockey :P and aww!! Feel better!!
How do you make a bandstand? Take away their chairs
#ShoutOutToo he asks me for a shout out everyday at school, he's dope everyone follow him!
Examine the things you like from others' and figure out the elements of their success. Replicate.
I think engaging online discussion will mean that faculty will need to jump in and be engaged as well
Peer pressure “: put your time in.”
That looks awesome.
perhaps you mean "Osama"?
Was that me?
a house
enjoying the Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Just heard - SF Hillel will host an #Israel Fellow next year. A relationship with a young Israeli is a powerful experience for our students.
Don't forget about our last Fellowship Night for 2010! We hope to see you on December 31st at Zuma Fun Center!
Bo Lets go P-town.....only respect for
I remember when I made this account & austin followed me, he was my first followed & then he enlisted me ..was like SALDKJFSJDKFSALDJKSLD
Exhausted but we finished the 900th pop at about 2am. Ready for delivery!
Not over a tweet. :P We'll get together in a few weeks and I'll show you.
Katy Perry's new video is super cool...mainly because she pretends to be a Marine..
Has this day not been set aside for us to honor him? iThought evrybody would realize the 3rd monday in jan is not going 2always be the 15th
If your phone`s battery life lasts longer than your relationships, you`re doing it wrong.
,"I want it to look like no other blog before. I'm talking weirdd."
87 degrees in NY today?? A little taste of
me too me too! RT : Getting excited for & at tonight! I hope they bring some vinyl!
So sorry.
we've decided that I can't die before my girlfriend does because I don't want her touching my stuff.
On vacation? Come relax with a massage..... 60minute Swedish for $60 & 60minute Deep Tissue for $70
#Cleaning #sunday today
I've given up trying to look like I'm paying attention in this class...
This month is my 10 year anniversary of being a personal trainer..I have loved every minute of it, and have worked and helped some amazing
Trying to jock my shit, I don't think so. No matter what, you're still a silly hoe.
Especially with the Super Bowl being streamed online on NFL.com and more.
Going to bed knowing I'm safe, happy and knowing everything will be okay. What else could i ask for? <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
getting ready for our music supervisor session with Madonna Wade-Reed tonight
haha me too but not the eatin part
students & adults get started in the process. Would love to connect if you're interested. Lots of great overlap!
P-U! Just saw a skunk
Come on Blackhawks lets start off strong tonight!!
tomorow i have a test and then home at lunch time yayyyyyyyy!!!!!
Lloyd is a great guy. Why do you think he's a cancer? He wanted out cuz he's a timing receiver & Tebow is an improvise qb
Several bike rides this week. Some easy and some moderate. I hope you will join details to come
We are playing at The Croc Rock in Allentown PA w Nocturnal Me! June 15th! Tickets are $10 in advance
i still cant seem to get over the fact megavideo is dead
Whoa, never drive another mile!
Never let yesterday use up today. -Richard H. Nelson
Anyone can catch your eye, but it takes someone special to catch your heart <3
A little work than #dateday with my lovely wife including #hungergames # thehollowbistro and a #hottub. #letsgo!
yeah, not sure how they'll be running it but there are some good questions. Maybe some sort of password?
I see you Miguel Cabrera
Its a packed sunny day here at #sonyericssonopen :)
yeah I guess they are that new blood. We already got the veterans in the scene. It's nice to see some new kids coming out.
i adore you.... #ArianatorLove ...
I am still alive.
What are you doing for the games tonight? Having people over or going somewhere fun? Be safe & have a great weekend!
Strawberry has landed at !!!
I don't even have it anymore I don't think yoooo avengers 2
lol I love the rapping part
just had innovative educator speak to my staff YOU ARE A TECH ROCK STAR!
It's tough trying to keep your feet on the ground, your head above the clouds, your nose to the grindstone, your shoulder to the wheel,...
Going to visit my parents tomorrow evening.
In fact, metaphor is the unbounded exploration of reality and the relation of things where science is such exploration bounded.
what's your favorite color?
Love the dog-friendly staff !
How did I survive this weekend w/out sustaining a concussion?
Looking forward to having you in, let us know what you think.
who putted for you??!!??
I'm currently raving at a minigolf course.
Ugh i hate lupron. My body feels awful.
Driving thru Shorewood, noticed that the grass is green, birds are singing...and yard signs are scarce. Tide shifted in the North Shore?
Two pretty good UI refreshes in and Especially love the followed link screen in tweetbot and the camera bar on insta
Always get the latest updates installed on your computer regardless of what operating system you use - security holes knows no difference!
The Library is seeking old AHHS / Cliffs yearbooks for local history. Contact Mary at 570.587.3440 to see if we need the years you have.
also, loved the "trapped in an elevator=trapped in space ship" comment. Is that an essay, blog post? Good insight.
SAMOSA! SAMOSA! SAMOSA! Aren't they delicious? When was the last time you had some? :) x
Ikr I missed that stuff,,
Central Florida for the weekend...
Good resolution!
& We're live right now at the Ronald McDonald House for the "I AM MUSIC" private event 4 the kids.
sorry for late reply, I followed you
Nominated. Good luck!
Man need mo followers
This is a FANTASTIC idea, don't you guys agree? Our plan is to share great info with all of you in a similar manner. Enjoy!...
Watching press conference on Thomas Robinson entering the NBA draft.
it's not good!
Had a great day but just want this week to be over.
Now we need to see Gail Kim vs. Sarita.
Welcome back! VLJ is back in action! Happy new year to all - let's make 2012 great!
I miss my kevin ! :(
what is your cup size.
happy mothers day to all moms who grind at work, take care of home, keep family together, & are community pillars
Obligatory "I want to do art for a living" Tweet: For those of you who do what you love for a living, savor every minute or give 'em to me!
My March Madness consisted of watching moms, strippers & burn outs run from their cars to class in the rain, fun times at community college.
I don't care who you are or how nice you are, if you tell someone their newborn is cute, you're lying.
Thanks to for the great presentation at #spop12! Some really eye opening ideas about online marketing this morning.
Preparing for spiritual warfare is necessary for the believer... Success happens when you call on Jesus and follow his commands!
how about I don't tell you what to tweet and you don't tell me what to tweet..idc if I come off racist
opening talk was so/so...some good stuff and some worthless chatter...this afternoon round table should be nifty...
Best MKE winter experience? Good question, and plenty to choose from! I'd vote for a lakefront park.
I love you too! See you soon! Miss you :) RT : I love SO MUCH!!!!! OMG
always stay on your grind
My pleasure, thanks for connecting!
Ah, but this makes my point, : they are "Obama-inspired recipes," per this board. Not "just recipes"
Join us this Thursday for Cinco De Mayo. We'll have great drink specials, Karaoke, $4 Margs, $2 beers and a ton of fun!
2 days til graduation! time to be a real grown-up
very clever sir
Too Magneto-y. Right now, he's been reborn as a child so he can be raised properly this time.
The Raspberry Vanilla Wheat is in the Carboy. The blow-off is ready. Let the fermentation begin!
The trash going on in times square right now is disgusting
thanks love, but sometimes I just can't think like that. I wish i could, but i don't... I guess i just have to hope ? (:
I want to marry Kendall Schmidt :)
Restaurant week at Sprig....fantastic!
Now that I think of it, if the grizzlies win tonight and send the series into game 7 they have an excellent shot of advancing.
I'm just getting settled back in my city
Hop up out the car, 106 then park.
I played a fair amount of lowball this week, so I'm biased.
May I please get a follow back, if you dont mind :)!!
thank you for the kind words! We're glad you enjoy our #itgetsbetter project
Leave permanent job for a temp to hire job for $4 more per hour hm
I'm serious! :c
It's been a while since we've Tweeted!
#AskRomney Is it true you assumed the name "Mitt" because you didn't want to be confused for the other Willard associated with rats?
you like that one
When God closes a door, its always for your good. It means its either not the right time or it's not the right door!
I am in nyc all week setting up meeting just left mtv going to nbc and cbs tomorrow . Follow the yellow brick road with me
#OneThingILove just one???? Books
Also, I feel like I have even less time to tweet now that closing has come and gone. Next up: Graduation, conferences, and moving!
he was a good man. in all fairness I drank a Red Bull last night and then wrote a bunch of MapReduce code.
Nothing says classy like a stacked bar chart : )
Supporting gay marriage is not JUST about getting gay peoples votes
Flip-flopping? How about the Mets record vs. the Yankees this season. Who would have predicted this?!
Today's starting line up for SCIAC #4 hosted by the Pomona , , , Cole, Hazzaa, , Stambler
More Boston big data companies I'm watching
i want to throw up now (/.\)
Follow he's a young talented musician!
#Monday RT Focus on your unique ability. Take action. Implement. Get stuff done.
I swear, I'm going to establish my own personally shower in the library and bed that no one will no about.
If the book isn't good after the first sentence, i won't read it
Give a dude the day off every now and again to be with his family.
I am a Millionaire. That is my religion.
My nigga said wiz help but juicy j on
half day for everyone! Start
I miss every single fight in school. When am I going to see to one.
Almost run over by a bike going the wrong way. Ah NYC :)
Start your day with something to eat, even if it is just a little something before a workout, you can follow it up with a real meal!
Lebron James absolutely took over the Heat/Knicks game late in the 1st half.
could be wrong, but I believe the immortal lyrics of Paula Cole were referring to the latter.
studio session with
While macro is justifiably taking lumps, lots of ideas from micro do work: e.g. restricting land from development drives up housing costs.
LOL OK. I would be like "MOM MY LIFE DEPENDS ON THIS. DRIVE ME THERE OR DIE"
Corporate & Community Awards Breakfast at 8:00a will be held at: 901 Canal St. Myrtle Beach. Sec. of Transportation will talk about JOBS!
I respect girls for that-- RT Girls go through so much, boys have no idea
EAPH alerted here first, what a nice run and she's still got legs!
Dearest , is pumping breakfast smell out onto Wacker?! Smells delicious!
Am enjoying it very much, sir.
U go mommie :) rt": Just finished my 3 mile run. Hopefully I get in another 3 after dance and basketball. #fitmommies"
probably is. He picked that one. Big fan.
RT "Where all men think alike, no one thinks very much."
these guys are great. If in the SF Bay area check them out. Also look at their web.
I wanna move! Tired of Chicgo. I wanna start some where new where no one knows me or the stories about me!
. Whoops. You would be right, 4pm EDT. Should just say 4pm Eastern
Omg i forgot what today was, happy birthday baby. Love you!!!!!!!!!!!
Shout Out 2 all of TeamLilKim & TeamJanetJackson!! We taking over twitter!! It's Wake-n-Bake time!!
S/O to my new followers!
oh, and how's your duet coming along? Can't wait to hear it at lunch tomorrow. :)
wat time does ur mom even leave o.o
with LOTS of hand-holding, shared milkshakes w/ red & white striped straws... and maybe a sleepover to chat about boys!
I aint even gone trip we winning this series period. Just wait till bosh come back.
great idea, I also like to download youtube or other videos related to the days lesson to stimulate ideas, visual learners enjoy
RT No doubt, I make great guacamole. Perfect accessory to my Corona.>>>Sounds like a dream date to me.
Like I'm really bout to buy some jewelry from a dude at the soul food spot.
Guy who made it was having a bad day. Just surprising considering how consistent it's been since the good ol' days in CO.
Guggenheim did disservice to Gabriele Münter placing her early painting in Kandinsky exhibit. It was like child's scribbles next to his art.
Just watch wwe and the game wat have you been up to
copy cat
Just had a lovely time with Silfath of ! I always LOVE everything she is wearing!
RT : ,our #aerialists performing at tonite for anniversary #FREE Admission!!
Thanks for following my movement...Strictly for Divas & Gents...Im following back and hope you stay stuned in...
Tryin not to fall asleep at the wheel #exhausted <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099>
Bird With The Crystal Plumage is awesome in that respect. Ridiculous side guys, but they inform te twist
Gonna be tough to see in something other than black and gold. All time great in pittsburgh. Its been real
Fuck These Fake Ass Boys Nbs !!!!!
#WhenYouLoveSomeOne You wanna go deeper..finding who they really are..that person becomes interesting.
why is my mom trying to feed me a hamburger tho? I don't like the hamburger meat its nasty.
I swear I'll definitely visit this shop!! :'D Oh and I live in Germany.....-.-'
thanks and let us know if we can assist you in any way.
It should be illegal how amazing looks in a pair of jeans
best way to stop a spending problem is take away the credit card. our goverment is using our hard earned money like a credit card
I start a new project this Thursday with the Forest Hills Chamber of Commerce.
Great time with and
when I was in school..punt on 1st down was a viable play,,lol
I do still have it, yes. I'll send it to ya when I get home :)
I hope to cover this game at some point. RT Rain has forced a delay of #Badgers Michigan series finale until 2 pm.
Can't come soon enough. SKC buries LA, then we all hit Westport for Middle of the Map Fest!
Thanks for the RT, George! How's everything?
If you love me you'll say it..
Asdfghjkl <3 can't wait for "silent disco" i'm such an awkward turtle _^|^_
Who will win the Man Utd or Man City?
see you later...I hope!
Baylor rolling in the first half despite Brittney Griner not playing.
Why do I get the stupid ones? Haa
Continue indeed. That is until I find myself in an inescapable corner and get frustrated to the point that I can't go on...
This all makes no sense, but I love it
This! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089> RT : I’d rather say “nevermind” than repeat myself.
Carlos Maldonado back to the Bigs RT Davey says Leon to DL with high-ankle sprain. Maldonado up.
I'm listening "Do It Now Remember It Later" by
thanks for the love! photography has been a great artistic outlet. i am getting more into engagement/event photog. too!
tell ya mom she still gone buy some tickets
Ha, I wish Life was that easy
u know i will!
#JeremyLin is amazing. If only the #knicks wud play team ball when their stars return but they won't b/c dantoni is scared of them
I'll need it.
Crisp execution and a grateful heart will produce huge Successes. Like a "science"!
RT : The MLK Teen Space is holding Girls Rock! Learn to play instruments, learn about music and rock camp. Be there on 5/19 at 1.
It's hot out side
Haha, good boy!
We're at #mirren. Where are you?
This woman on "Game of Thrones" is hot which means I'll be seeing her boobs soon. Because she's a woman on "Game of Thrones."
I do not subscribe to that slippery slope argument. And I would be the first to draw line there. We're talking humans,not pets.
you make it sound like its my fault youre such a
Thank you! Look out for my next blogs!
Glad to be here at #ASLRRA2012 with (That's Progressive Railroading Magazine.)
I'm trying not to die...the problem is the 800Mg is just talking the edge off my back pain.
Congratulations to Pitt Alum and Pitt Alumni Association Member Henry Hynoski `11 on last night's Super Bowl Victory with the Giants!
i cant imagine two people who would be better friends, you two are a walking tweet
We have GRAND crew..and...D.U.I.D crew.D.U.I.d stands for...hold up...please.lol
Loved HIGHER GROUND.Beautiful and subtle.Thank you for a lovely adult film exploring the big and difficult questions of life.
Everything negative - pressure, challenges - is all an opportunity for me to rise. Kobe Bryant
#imagine Austin:im just a boy who is in love with the most amazing,cutest,funniest,nicest & perfect girl in the world,*yourname* -anna
i just saw my grades for this semester and i cannot believe i did this well....im blown away right now. i am so happy!!!!!
I took me 3 days and 6 oz. of wax, but I have finally arrived at the conclusion that I am not capable of successfully waxing my own legs.
I love you
Crashing a wedding is on my bucket list
Squad by Waka goes to hard
Just got pitch about a man w/same name as "reptilians" conspiracy theorist. Whats worse, sharing name w/conspiracy theorist or porn star?
#obamaderbynames Fast & Furious
I think FB is popular, in part, b/c it is so structured. e.g., No music on page load.
I don't want to be here right now, I just want to be with you.
miss ya too! btw, dnt tell anyone that im on twitter. im supposed to be grounded. i have been for over two months now!
"Nothing is more dangerous than an idea when it is the only one you have." -- Emile Chartier, Philosopher
Tell us about the theme & decor ideas you're brainstorming for your big day!
SHOUTOUT to !!thank you!!:)FOLLOW HER SHE FOLLOWS BACK!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Myers doesn't get up and kept him on
Wave if your lifted.
have you guys checked out the new features. We have a 'try list' for one click restaurant saving.
Looks amazing, though I'm not at all surprised by this! Congrats and great work Ali and Ryan Murphy:)
thats what I'm here for <U+2764><U+2764>
I also downloaded the app today. Looking forward to using it!
Just finished the last of 26 radiation treatments at the cancer treatment center. I've got my week nights back!
Its freezing outside....o.m.g.
Hey you should read your mentions(;
EazySpeaks I get it, I just don't know that I'd personally spend that type of money to see another tdZfaGf
Nice! We're playing Marlboro, NJ tomorrow night :)
Shoulda stayed in L.A. 2 begin with
ack! I have some visitors this weekend, but will DM you about alt plans. Would live to see you and sorry 2 miss 2
Good morning everyone! A smile is your greatest asset during a job interview. Don't leave home without it!
“: Do they sterilize the needles they use for lethal injections?”
well that might be your problem...it's not what you like, it's the consumer!
slidin to Tracy for a sec Wats poppin later ?
Kid: Can I plz go to the bathroom Teacher: Say your ABCs 1st Kid:ABDCEFGHIJKLMNOQRSTUVWXYZ Teacher: Where's the P? Kid: Running down my leg
refers to 's def of happiness -meaning, connectedness & being a part of something bigger- to shape this ecosystem
Can unglued books show up in library econtent catalogs, like Overdrive or 3M?
Hello and thanks! RT : Thanks for the follow - have returned the compliment
damn. Wish #theCurrent would have publicized this a bit more...would have been great to hear
I was actually early getting ready and my dad is making me late.
Thanks, Chris. :)
who communicates about email being down via email...my IT department apparently...
Of all things, dealing with victims of abuse is one of the hardest parts of the job.
I guess I'll grade some papers.
Aww, thx Marcus :D appreciate it RT: : Shout out to one of the best photographers int he DMV preciate the follow.
Im not hearing all that we were down most of the game, those niggas blew a 27 pt lead in 7 minutes
Shout out to the B-A-H Nation...we appreciate each and every one of you!!
glad to learn from him
There is still time to get your raffle tickets for our Portland Timbers Package. The raffle will take place on August 3rd and tickets...
#Frat minds think alike. Been watching since #USA dominated on history channel. Stealing the colonel's daughter -
an interesting read - not published by Indigo Tree, but a very important book - is Adam Hotchschild's TO END ALL WARS about World War One
I'm a mathematical nerd. The numbers of my Twitter following and followers are multiples of 66
Awaiting Metro news conference on two assaults. Details at 5 & 5:30.
I asked to go for my birthday. Was super fun but I am even more shocked by the idea of gun violence now.
Once again Team Wags Walk 4 Autism would like to thank you for your generous donation!Please visit Leonas Rest.Chicago IL
#20SongsILove 7-shot for me by Drake. 8- frick park market by Mac Miller. 9- Mine by Taylor Swift.
S/o to all the people who graduated proud of you lil niggas
Enjoy giving your talk, darlin'! xo
lol That's what Vanessa said. We'll see I hate to call the cops and have it just be some loud ass mma wanna be's
Happy mother's day to all u lovely mothers!!!! I hope you have a blessed!!!
beard kills 99.1% of germs. The other .1% is submitted to cleaning and grooming his beard
take responsibility for your own #happiness, do not expect people or things to bring you #happiness, or you could be disappointed.
You better step to the next man, 'cause the greatest soccer player couldn't kick it like Finesse can
Keep high aspirations, moderate expectations, and small needs.
i can only roll with the baddest.
I could watch and argue all day
The Kidsfest festival is June 9-10 and features 7 trucks as well as tons of creative, hands-on activities for kids. (Ticket purchase...
Pure Sports in assn with GL Homes will be hosting a #soccer clinic Sat, Oct 23rd from 4-5PM @ the 2nd Annual "Pumpkin Patch" event. Join us!
"Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by drives." - What are your goals for 2012?
RT : So I listened to for the first time and I instantly fell in love with them! // we did too!
Any trust deed investors looking to expand or replace investments: you might want to get in touch with me at
Elena from Atlanta says Boy its packed in here...
It's sad Paul Rudd is too famous for TV now, cause that means Alicia Silverstone can't make a cameo on his show.
Charles M. Schulz~ Dont worry about the world coming to an end today. Its already tomorrow in Australia.
I have it! I'll be on campus tonight and tomorrow. Can I leave it with someone there?
omg the single greatest sentence I have ever seen + <3 + ;) = #OverFuckingwhelmed lmao but I can't wait
Alot of these girls, they be wanting the same thanngggg.
We will be filming in both LA and Reno. Our kickstarter is not doing so well...hoping our funding does better.
you got eliminated right?
Just know that we're here, and always gonna be your crew. We ALWAYS will be by your side. BIG FAMILY! Te amo. Follow me?
follow back?
Uhm, Dayum lakeshow? Like I said, Okc is bout to win the whole dang thing anyway.
um... isn't there is a race in South Carolina you should be paying attention too?
going talk to y'all later :D
pt 2: have them take pics of their cars and put them on an individual slide of shared "google presentation"
Come & have a nice glass of wine, orderves, shop for that different kind of apparel
Don't you hate it when your eyes aren't symmetrical
yeahh I'm gonna have to go at night.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
The owl...boo. Telegraph...very good!
Looking forward to hearing about the result. Will be a #GreaterThanMoment!
your tweets are great :D <WhoRunTheWorld?!>
Happy Memorial Day!
That tweet totally sounded like just propositioned you.
Yes. So very much looking forward to the rest of the show.
Hah just whatever comes. trying to become sharper everywhere
"#Pinterest allows you to organize and share all the beautiful things you find on the web." .... except images of beautiful web pages? Hmm.
This girl in my 5th period is about to get a beat down..I'm the last person you want to get an attitude with.
Congrats Goalie of the week!!
Looking For Fan Club Rep for email us For More Info....
Bieber song stuck in my head I need some reggaeton quick
Just setting up for our quick early morning photoshoot :)
Cant wait for to destroy tonight!
ok soo...im tired..like..hecka tired :/..hm message me?
did you just fart or something lmao
I agree with you, but we aren't the "typical potential customer". We are buying the phone regardless.
cus I don't really fuck w. you like that. Love you tho
I am following u...i think lol
Are you celebrating #cincodemayo?We have shirts in store that will add a splash of color to your night!...
Q1 RT : I'd like a way to get compliance issues taken care of. Too much manual paperwork with reporting...
We are always happy to hear this! Isn't it great getting them delivered right to your door? Enjoy dude!
Hey everybody On our way to film #2 testimony stay tuned
Next year will be better. I just know it.
IT WAS CRYIN FACES RT i dont have a Iphone . Petty ! Lol
Dunning #Motorola #LTNY - Analytics - knowing your data - critical to even knowing where you can optimize
thanks! we should set a time to chat - def wish I'd seen u in Nola.
just finished at the gym, now for some tennis. travelling this week, goin goin back,back to CALI.
daisy , what's ms.singhs hw?
Design, design, then more design. Lots of upcoming events-- juicy details to be revealed soon.
HAPPY NEW YEARS I LOVE YOU MB
Can speed walking a mile and carrying 22lbs of laundry up and down three flights of stairs count as my workout today?
Watch the film. Form your own opinions. I'm well on my way to the sub 200lb club. I've got races to win.
I'm sad I missed it! I didn't know it happened under after the fact :/ Thanks for sharing the pictures!
Well what a pretty name! haha
What's on your mind?
You may remember him from the "What's Goin' Down" episode of "That's My Momma"....
slick with out no lubricate.
If you don't have a G+ account, you need to sign up for one this week, says
Since moving back to Indianapolis, my chances of hearing John Mellencamp's "Small Town" on any radio station have increased about 1000%.
I don't give a shit about the shit ____ people say.
Don't be hurt. Just remember me and the Ninth Ward crew while you're playing and you'll win. What's the occasion anyway?
I could really go for a kiss right now.
What's your favorite iPad app?
“: Man if pole dancing is art, you know how many fuckin artists I know ...” 0???
Hi, I'm in love with your voice. <3
kevin harvick :) he look so calm so he is deff ready to go racing and he going win the daytona 500!!
yes literally knocked him out of his shoes!
Can't wait to get to the United Center for / Game 2 tonight. First ever playoff game for the team I grew up idolizing.
We are just getting started with this years line up, Just confirmed Burning Spear, Capleton and Cocoa Tea to our line up.... One love!
This Saturday the 12th - acoustic solo show @ Buster's BBQ in Lakeway, TX. 6pm - come enjoy the outside patio & great food!
Brian McCann's baseball card is going to be the new state flag. What a baller
did i say that?
caught up in your smile.
Hooray! Congrats!
sounds great! I'll check my schedule for open blocks for us to work with. Will PM u
Freakin' sweet! My pictures from Warrior Dash are ready. Trying to figure out which would look best on my desk next to Silverbolt.
you have a lot to learn little boy you are no MAN
was good mister good dick
... love the idea but I'm guessing my co-workers would prefer me with pants.
Hope London is dreamy! xx
My phone is here.
People are leaving Ari because she got a tattoo that means something to her. If you leave because of that you were never real.
": this laker fan squeezing it all in under 160 char. Impressive! #educated #efficient" it took serious wrk
lol look at your old school house phone...
Its a great premise and with Eric Kripke, Jon Favreau, J.J. Abrams producing it should hopefully be a winner.
Which bathroom? I'll make sure we get a desk in there if it means more goals.
Warning: it appears ravenous raccoons have taken over the Travis Heights neighborhood. Kept me up all night. We all gotta eat, I suppose.
Questions about the Promolast Atlanta Reunion Pro Wrestling Fanfest? Our FAQ section has been updated at www.PromolastEvents.com/FAQ
fancy seeing you at Trader Joes. Hope you got all your grocery needs out of the way!
God's always in control. When LIFE knocks you on your knees, thats usually exactly where you're supposed to be. Praying.
0kkkiii sounds good see you l8r;)
I think the time has come, yes. Given that we're done with 9/13ths of the season, I'll do a season recap, then weekly next year.
what's good with you??
Good to hear! Thanks for the heads up.
QoTD: "Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must." (Goethe)
Atleast madonna kind of looks likes she's actually singing
Couldn't have said it better myself RT Great show last night and !
The scene in Egypt right now is truly amazing....
No longer top of East. Still have game in hand on Red Bulls. Must crush Rapids. Time to start the charge PV.
I imagine there would be a lot of bickering in that house hahaha.
For over 60 years…The quality shines through! Visit during NAMTA®, (National Art Materials Trade Assoc.) booth #811- Louisville, KY May 7-9!
RT : #OAuth: Gettin' geeky with it. Confluence of progress w/ help from
singing in the car is my specialty.
Okay..i seriously cant emphasize enough how terrible Daniel Radcliffe is as an actor.
good to sleeeeppp :) I love you! Turn your devices of!
yes, but it was very nicely covered up, lucky me! I wanna be a renter again, ha.
seen it
Thursday Tweetcast - intermittent rain/storms likely, highs in the low to mid 80s. Rainfall between 1/4 and 1" in most spots.
Hour seven in hospital - now waiting for Cindy to get her room after surgery. My productivity is waining. I need a job or a glass of wine:-0
Knowledge came first. Books came about to ensure the knowledge could be accurately documented and shared.
Plans for the day, scrapped. The kid came out of her acting class an hour early because it hurt too much to talk. Home now w/a sore throat.
How've you been? Besides the head.
There is nothing so absurd but some philosopher has said it.
yyeaah, main reason why i'm nervous. once i see if they're in the same hotel (or not) i'll be calmer.. hahaha.
Falling down is a part of life, getting back up is living.
Check out some of the cast from our last staged presentation in the wacky web series Welcome to California! www.youtube.com/sueslacks
*blushes* Pleasure to finally meet Claudia! ;)
": I'm surprised World Peace is not wearing elbow pads tonight.."nuggets need to be wearing nfl helmets!
SO over the facebook bra update. It was a stupid stunt. Unfortunately, it probably was an experiment that worked.
Allen West would b great for VP!!!
easy champ!! When the last time ur Boys won a playoff game ??? #1990's
following u!
I've been using the perfume I got from every single day now. I'm obsessed!
Just Got to the studio killed the Art garage tonight shot out"s.
Aw she loves to snuggle
OMG Hey Alex!!! How r u??? If u see this can u please follow me and ??? #NSN <3
Stop freaking singing in class. It's annoying. And your voice is horrible.
Aye! Follow <3 shes such a sweet Mahomie! Get to know her! (:
Nice! Enjoy your evening. :)
How can I get down wit 15five. I need to join the Army... Tell my azz where ya sign
I love doing haircolor but I swear hair cutting is my passion. It's gonna be one sick of ride doing this for a living. 7more weeks
I'm in love with #honeymoonavenue <3
on my way!
I had that happen to my code yesterday. turned out to be a StackOverflowException
It took them quite some time to build that brand. It wouldve been foolish to just watch it fall apart.
Holy shit last day of highschool
to do what?
When U Catch Yourself Singing A Song That You're Suppose To Hate
me neither
Enjoyed meeting the gentleman who created "Wild & Wonderful" slogan for WVa. He said he REALLY liked my "Wild Wonderful Webs" name. Nice!
you picked it up pretty quickly. Nice job. You'll be a less embarrassing dinnermate next time.
I wanna hang wit my boo kindy.....adad.
follow back?
R Kelly singing the song he wrote for Whitney.....beautifully done.....
slap box?
I be bored lol
Christmas EVE! boom:) haha yeah buddy:) all I do at twelve at night is play wii:) nerd much:)
Is it just me but it seems. Like some award shows r rigged vote for justin soon many. Times and don't win smh!
Go to ARMA.org/GARP to apply to be a tester and get a free assessment.
I enjoy your paper (a lot) but the voters watch TV and in their homes. I'm not "normal"
jQuery.cycle is amongst the best. More of a starter than a complete solution, though.
thanks :* i try haha
Did SAG/AFTRA sell ad space for the Live Stream today! Big numbers will be watching.
when a man sags his pants.
but please excuse me darlin' it's not you it's me
Gearing up for #nuggets #mavericks tonight
Something about a big truck. nothing compares ;)
Swag swag swag
I live for the full zest that my dreams offer me during the day, only to get a refill when I sleep
In rap you not really doing nothing unless you selling units
We can help you promote more efficient management and supervising, increase your sales, limit shrinkage, and save you money! Call us today!
Hey! Focus! Starting in 15 minutes on the it's the premiere of ! We'll be live-tweeting, so keep an eye here!
Hey Dangle my nut sac
Motivate - Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do.
#ICantStandPeople who lie all the time to make themselves look like hot shit
Best wishes to all those running Arizona and the tomorrow! Go get 'em ya'll!
"Exceptionally Excellant Experience"
i've got a small circle, gotta know the difference between friends and acquaintances
The lady lumps pix is great. And I friended you from past great conversations ben1129 to settingsun
You don't know what a hypocrite is? Buy a mirror bitch.
You need a 'hand' with that? ;) x
ozone climbing tomorrow. nice to have to a day away from work.
On my way to set to work with some talented people
SUPER LATE! BUT I FEEL U.STEP BY STEP DAY BY DAY IS ALL WE CAN DO SUMTIMES
Jessica Sanchez just killed stuttering. My fav song.
Rejoice not at thine enemy's fall - but don't rush to pick him up either.
Let's unfold all this hate
come get it gamertag MR CHAMBZ
This will be MSNBC's lead story right?
THANK YOU DR.M.L.KING FOR MAKING IT POSSIBLE 4 ME TO BE ME!!!FREEDOM RIDERS!!!
Just ran into a couple eel men
ACT in the morning #whoohooo<U+E421><U+E421><U+E421>
Question for #buildmadison folks: how do I decode xml encoded strings in javascript?
I sure do wish you would go ahead and just tell me already !
working there suxks
I'll "break" mine then put a claim on it para tu
ATTN: unsigned singers,dancers,rappers join our #Team send an email if you're TALENTED "WE GOT WORK!"
I'm the live in the moment kinda person :(. "The cause of failure & unhappiness is trading what we want most for what we want at the moment"
nobody should have had Braun details in the first place
OMFG CESAR GOT HIS HAIR CUT! HE'S...BALD!
Thanks for the invite, but I was home with my kid last night. Next time!
ran the mile in flats. still passed. awesome.
For anyone who wanted to come over today to shower, rinse your hands, or drink from the faucet, my water is shut off for an unknown reason
It takes a great deal of courage to follow another person's lead. - Bill Hybels
You've had sex with more than 3 guys AND you're 13? Damn, your parents must be SO proud.
use a sars mask next time!
I.WANT.STRAIGHT.HAIR.
We'll be presenting AMMO Rack at Philly CocoaHeads tonight. Stop by! /cc
we're thinking about going next next week and even Frankie said she's going. Road trip!
Hey, but on the bright side they're no.1 at home and they really can't do much worse on the road.
has he forsaken his roots? Thats called a "Standout at the rotary" in Mass. parlance.
Always classy and holiday spirit!! :D
Can I have an Arch Deluxe?
While I love the integration of with I have learned the URLs for many accounts I saved are wrong :(
i would kill for starbucks and a bowl.
now THAT'S sad.
opening night cocktails meeting lots of cool companies launching new stuff here!
What did the shark say to the school of tuna fish?????? Nothing! Sharks can't f***ing talk!
The Princess Bride.
I do yoga and pilates and the room is full of hotties so I'm checking out the bodies and you know I'm satisfied....
YOU MIGHT HAVE. JUST BECOME MY BIGGEST FRENEMY
Homecoming 2011? Success;)
I don't know about "owning" but at least I didn't trip!
I think he killed his wife after a big fight and he snapped when she told him I'm threw
9 field goals in 7 quarters between LSU and Alabama
Happy New Year everyone
hahaha, you like those? (;
As President of The Hudson County Chapter of NJAWBO, I encourage women biz owners in Hudson County to join our new chapter. www.njawbo.org
Dreamt a conversation with Louis Gossett, Jr. re: MJ death. Funny. Couldn't care less about MJ, or Louis Gossett, Jr.
birthday wishes to your daughter! more cute pics please soon!
Remember the weed talk... "Maybe I need to try it." What?
Every time my car hits a kinda pot hole, or some shit, it sounds like it just broke...
lol true, probably still lives there too
Ugly People Expensive.... Yu Gotta Weave Make Up Every MF Thing Just To Make Them Look Cute
Loving agile.
This is the ninth annual Assembly Holocaust Memorial Project. Students interviewed survivors and liberators.
ask #nique he kno we sum #streetniggaz but kno how scheme up on sum paypa n a #job or 2
When boys get jealous it's kinda cute. But when girls get jealous.. it's world war I
is he yapping again?
I definitely agree.
When I was at the mall I was about to cry because I saw people I thought I was never going to see. I saw my Best friends from elementary.
love it, but not enough you or brittany!
I went to the gym... And then here! So bad but so good!
We used to use tiny soy pellets to encapsulate flavor, but our newer Lemon Ginger no longer has soy in it!
y do u have to get up tht early
That awesome moment when find out something so unbelievable. So you're just there with a stupid look on your face
The Pink Granny Panties of Courage
rule no 2. Meet right people. Not what u know but who u know
Thanks! We are not interested at this time.
News With a heart-wrenching loss at Augusta and an explosive win at the U.S. Open, Rory McIlroy transcended golf in 2011 Ror
hey! Long time no tweet ;) ~alex
I'm sorry. Hope whatever "this" is gets better. RT : This sucks.
Both of those sound good, rock them!
REST! Or, at least, nap when baby naps. Good luck.
I'm thinking we make Tuesday a half day...
last time I checked, McD's doesn't serve cake.
welcomes x
RIP MCA. How very sad.
Hope all the runners in Boston stay cool today
Cute kids in white dresses drinking from gigantic beer steins in the late 1920s.
Christmas with FCS at National City Christian Church, Washington, DC, December 6th at 3 PM. Tickets at fairfaxchoralsociety.org
Thanks for the great presentation! It was my pleasure to be in the audience today.
DYK? Alpha Phi Alpha has seven founders known as the “Jewels”
we ever gunna get to see that vag of yours?
Having a great Thanksgiving with extended fam in #Chicago today. What are you guys up to?
what happened :/ you're a good person.
Eleven Thousands American Troops in Haiti? I don't know people, but it smells like a subtle Occupation to me
John Irving's "The Imaginary Girlfeind" #fridayreads What are you reading?
I hate old people. The ones in Texas at least. The way they speak and how they have short tempers and think they know everything.
Today's alliterative triad: developing, documenting and disseminating.
why is that every time i hear the song Clocks by Coldplay I have the sudden erg to walk backwards?
“: I haven't tweeted a lot lately...”
I FINNA CUT A BITCH
Thanks! : Thoughtful work from about mobile food trucks!
In life some people will never understand the measures you go through to make them happy
Aww... Cameron Diaz like that joke.
Ready for Night School band rehearsal. Emphasis tonight on our Springsteen, Petty numbers with some Zevon thrown in as always.
paranoid parrot much?
Its nice to just chill.
OBAMA '12. all of these people should be institutionalized.
i found an old suite identical to yours! i'm rocking it for halloween!
RT : 3rd #MW3 care package: ELITE bag, tshirt, hoodie, buckle, sticker, MW3 hat, shirt, USB & signed PS3 copy. Follow + RT.
I'm suddenly feeling... very tired... i don't think this will be a good weekend...
I love #teamIntensity ! I'm not doin cheerleading next year just so I can have more time for y'all. - Zaona <3
People are often unreasonable, illogical,and self-centered. Forgive them anyway.
Today? RT : When is da last date 2 get da Blogger Rate Early Bird Pricing 4 a Full BlogPaws Conference Pass?
When you act out of character I'll read you your script to put you back In to your role
There is someone outside down the street barfing up a storm. Someone needs to learn how to hold his liquor.
...drive again but I can't lift anything heavy for another 2-3 weeks.
That moment when your just like "why don't you shut the fuck up"
thanks girl!
Greetings people! Happy 15th Anniversary of #ThePhoenixLights We'll be there next time you come aliens!!!
I need those makeup removing facial wipes
Lol. You lied about the threat already. Then you showed was lying.
wish there was a Nando's in Boston.
Your favorite song and...
RT : I would love to see _________ as a guest performer on the
how can I send tracks to you that are available for licensing?
I wish we spent more time talking about the ways language can bend (& bloom) to serve our purposes, instead of trying to limit & categorize
Awww I'm sorry ://
Middle school buddy how are you?
how am I going to get thru work on Monday's without knowing #makeitorbreakit will be on tonight!!!!
Dr.Paul Bernstein to talk abt Weight of the Nation on Fox 5 in five minutes. Tune in!
Real men will work toward the greatest good. #quote rt
Studying for my hunger games test tomorrow.............. Lol nd I'm having fun lol
Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand.
Yeah! new macbook pro! Starting at 1699! Hecks yeah!
word, dude. I need to order a thousand hangers. Are you feeling better? Hugs, not drugs
Just finished an ARC of The Selection...what are you reading?
Hey man so I can come down anytime if you like, got my car back from maintenance...
RIP Chuck Colson (my study on the Logos from John 1:1-2 is dedicated to u!)
Can't wait! RT : Join us Twitter & participate in #FoodieChat We have so much fun talking Foodie & making friends
Don't you just love birthday lunches?!
Went to TJ Max in attempt to find a dress. I had to leave because of the "music" playing.
Loving Kells Irish Pub with ! If you're in Portland for #ncph2010 come join us!
Or not
San diego
I've asked the designers to password protect it, so hopefully it's down now. Thanks much & I'll let you know when it's back up
"At some point, you have to realize that some people can stay in your heart but not in your life.">>>> love this, so true
Kiss my white ass , cause frankly dear , idgaf .
kobe a bitchh..
On a serious note I believe my boyfriends sister is jealous
It's nice to take a break and look at cuteness for a bit. :)
Big thanks to Marlisa Smith from for facilitating the first think tank at
i wanna c u doing an actual acting part in a movie... how was the auditions
I did do that. I blame it on the gin — as usual. Oops. How are you, by the way?
Windowless white molester van, hm...
Yuck Re: This edit I made last night/today. *grumble*
All future football games will be played in Norman. You can wear the home jerseys if you want to, no problem.
store Clarendon you did not disappoint! Pumpkin cheesecake I can't wait!
If you refuse to be made straight when you are green, you will not be made straight when you are dry.-Proverb
In the office on Sunday. just compared CARs to child birth -- , remind me to explain this one to you tomorrow..
Y'all making minor moves we on some
Thursday night has become the new Saturday night. This is for sure. #NoFridayClass :)
Making Tamales today...It's ON!!
ah online shopping , , .. done for the week.. maybee
hope you're having the sweetest of dreams sis :) time to werrrkkk again in a couple of hours hahaha lol :) love ya <3
Woke up with a headache
"A card player should learn that once the money is in the pot, it isn't his any longer.” ~ Herbert Yardley
Who is the poor kid that has to clean up that guy's testicle?
3 people are talking to me at once I feel like I'm watching a movie in West Civ.
anyone want to do something?
Recording is coming along but we still have a show this month, next wed. at Long Wong&#39;s, be there!
I run to stay healthy, and because after fifteen years, it's a part of my life, I love it!
aw, you're too cute lexie. i'll share <3
That moment when you see a pic of someone that was *Super BAD* (sexy) in high school, but now they just look super bad.
Get Malaysian hair
I started watching their youtube videos yesterday and I love them! (:
its all apart of the plan!!!
r u kidding me kobe
in my experience, the institutional discussion is completely orthogonal to your (valid) concerns....
Going to make home made Chinese food! Ill try lol!
We seem to be experiencing some technical difficulties....
Playing on Stars...then headed to
honestly, I don't see how these relate to gundam outside the packaging :x
": hahahaha" totes at chucks bar
#whosgonnalose - New Orleans at Carolina - New Orleans will lose
Someday You, Me, Derek, and Steven need an epic reunion on the other side of the pond!
why would I lie (;
I got you lol.
right. she was like, "mandi, who is that girl on his ipod?" (she dont know bout them), i'm like, how the fuck should i know
Say what you want to say, as if the person you seek to persuade is standing there, listening
: killing it block 37 Is she playing Cupid Shuffle?
For Sale : 4 year old boy. Any takers?
Second Saturday and pizza...good times.
problem is "well designed" is rare. Too many people choose them out of the book. I've designed all of mine myself.
For the last time in 2009 - THANK YOU again for following Three Squares Greetings.
hi there, hope u had a great day, hugs XOXO
Who. Look at this Celtics/Hawks game!!
: Define total redesign? Updated and streamlined codebase and templates, new options on blocks, easier to find settings...
“: A morning text doesn't only mean "good morning." It also means "I think about you when I wake up"”
#OneThingIDontLike How twitter only gives me up to 140 letters to type.
#AnUnwinnableChallenge arguing with your woman
Jethro welcomes Perkins Outdoors , Florence Al. to its dealer network. Stop by and say Hello to Chris and all the fine folks at Perkins !
Got my free Target Earth Day reusable bags!
Up early, orchestrating a "Mystery Date." Details undisclosed in case you-know-who suddenly decides to read Twitter.
Having leftover ham and swiss from Tyler's French class project for lunch today.
RT : Oregon an exception in uni discussion. Ducks created their own tradition. Not UO's fault everyone copied them.
wish u were in wisco bro!
So Braun wins this one in 1 pitch right? Or does Ramirez redeem himself?
Also coming soon: Regional Food Hub Resource Guide
Wow, Jeld wen looks rocking but friggin cold and wet. Good luck timbers, put Portland on the map!
That demi recipe is awesome. Traditional demi is such a pain. btw, thanks for putting my tuna tartare recipe to shame...
Back in NYC. I managed to get up and out to two auditions today but am really looking forward to sleeping in tomorrow!
tried that ribs recipe. three words. m m m
My mom is deciding not to go to the emergency room.... Im confused.
Thanks for reading and sharing! cc
Who's looking to play some Fantasy Poker during this year's #WSOP? I'm happy to get involved...
Style: Saks on Saks on Saks - getting ready for a big photo shoot tomorrow! Stay tuned!
Friken rain I can't get shit on myh phone >.<
Don't use the ablerton or audacity, Rock it out on the Serato or even VDJ, but no pre-mixing!
Great question :)
you can be the big city bang bang
Why am I so tired...
well he isn't pretty wasted right now so I would venture a guess of a lot :)
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!
you're filming in Russia? stay toasty!
>>Today is a day to relax & let the men treat y'all like a queen ladies
"TALK TO ME, YOU SILLY LITTLE FREAKS!!!"
New songs are coming along well! :] One more to go and we are ready to record this EP faw realz!
I wonder if my lack of decaf coffee this morning gave me this horrible headache?
half of my fart! :DD
Woke up to podcast on my radio this morning. I admit, the Seven Nation Army intro music is awesome. More awesome than Coyotes.
I'm pretty sure they are magical lizards!
lol def bed time with that face
Do you enjoy being a member of an #organization or #company?
It's no trick, $2 off all Tequila and Margaritas from 12-close tonight! Join us for a little late night haunting.
It kinda sucks how we don't really talk anymore and I see you all the time...
I have 3 exams left but I have not even made an attempt to study today *shrugs*
Waking up late on a late start monday
gonna be late to school but thats ok
These wolves lived in eastern Asia about 15,000 years ago It is not possible to tickle yourself
About to start $100 noon daily with $1000 added. Avg age: 72.
Just saw on the Jumbotron!
The calm before the storm, gearing up for some long days and nights! You got to love it.
RT Optimist Club Gears Up For Cancer Walk On Saturday
Thx! Let's start reading through those blog posts!
Thanks, Katy! That is my sincere hope.
Happy New Year!
I would rather fall over & be home right now, than bike home.
Good morning! And happy Monday!!!
I don't understand Desigual either. I tried but it's just not my style.
nope no noo
1st w/ their AbsolutGreyhound commercial, and now with a Bud Light Platinum commercial? Next:
I generally use that, with the addition that the first few pages must earn the remainder of the 50.
has found another thing on the internet he'll likely never update.
I just wanna live a average life with over average money!!
Thank you so much for RT'ing the Astros throwback pic & Footer's article. Damn that shooting star is gorgeous. (Yes, HOU is fave!)
"Forearm is part of the ball!" - Mike Conley
"Call Me Maybe" was my request, actually.
Better believe I'm getting it
No sorry
Hey the Chiefs should go after David Garrad since we have NO true backup and maybe become starter!!
I never realized how often I visited Wikipedia until they turned it off.
the simplest things in life are NOT!!!! FREE!!!!!
Will not tweet 1000th until orioles win, hope I don't regret this
IT IS TOO EARLY FOR LUNCH.
RT : In Miami's Design District having an effin blast.
Alright alright I see wut u did der. Good thing I can survive weeks off of food I gots da pool
Big ups to the homie Kev Brown for having the #1 LP on . Peace and God bless you soldier!
I remember the shy quiet teenager Woods when I worked with him on his first commercial ever; a Titleist spot we shot in ORL.
Kiss me in front of everyone
(c) Tactful, constructive suggestions would only be of help to everyone.
I'm not looking forward to traveling tomorrow:-((( I hope there is NO long lines.
You show that you workin and they just give you stuff
I'm pretty sure if you were hungry enough, you'd eat chicken:)
Digital Public Library (#dpla) is an important and exciting project. Interested to hear what #mw2012 folks think -- presenting now.
dang lol, well I hope that goes well too
Where do they want to put a memorial?I had a lady dressed in a suit come to my door, obv. selling something.Didn't answer my door.
can't wait.
Follow your elected official on Twitter! Like them on Facebook!
ninja turtles? Yes, indeed.
Workin' hard making music!
Yo! Follow my real account
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me17
and to me ?
ya welcome!
The trailer for Don Wharton's movie= slideshow of airplane pictures+annoying airplane noise in the background
Crappy #weather in East Texas.
Working out the final details for the paid version of Progression for iPad! Stay tuned for details...www.notionmusic.com
Glad you are enjoying our tweets! Looking forward to yours as well. Have a great week!
it's April 20. Would be nice to wake up without hearing the furnace kick on...
Some girls fall for the guy who could care less, & guys fall for the girl who would sleep with his bestfriend. Relationships man
so glad we're here! Time to play & work ": Landed in Charleston, SC for great wknd w/ fellow dietitians!
Is it weird that I want to salt everything with caramel in it??
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that friendships don't last very long.
"Excuse me for bein blunt, but I've been eatin cunts since pimps was pushin pink Caddies with the fish tank pumps"
not with you xoxoxo
I know right. Stupid Starbucks guy screwing up my drink, how dare him -_-
I think your twitter got hacked?
Happy #recordstoreday In The Blood available on vinyl get it
Patients w/my vendors is wearing thin. I am in serious awe of how people function in society with the intelligence levels they demonstrate
Excited about the opportunities headed PTP's way! Hoping to have an open house soon. Be on the lookout!
my glasses are pretty ill put a picture up later
Don't drag my love around, volcanoes melt me down.
but quite frank it's my number 1 taking on my number 3,so i don't care who wins.
this belgian waffle maker is seriously the best thing ive ever bought
we were whispering, idk why you have supersonic hearing lol.
Wade a goon!
I hate when people flake on shit last minute.
rite all of a sudden!
AH!!! Fresh seafood! I so miss it ...hard to find in landlocked TX!
- Welcome Chang! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
#weekends should be 3 days..keep it going
Enjoying the nice weather over in Middletown! What happened to 95% chance of rain? #mother nature...ppsshhh!
RT : Dance company brings Dutch flair to & gives an audience appeal for on May 4....
Translation and localization is $30 billion biz.
Danny Coale just experienced the worst call of the NCAA season! Hokies hold your heads high that was a good game!
Had a great time with my daughter. Also a good nights rest
Riley fam road trip all six of us this could end in violence
the ref has earned the #NOTthebestpersonever label! “: Seriously don't give chance yellow cards.”
tonight's a torico's kind of night, feels like they've been closed for 7 years at this point :(
Twitter is not working right now, it's not letting me follow back. When it works I will follow back :D
"The great thing is, there are going to be lots of firsts for us."
why is it off if you don't mine me asking?
Looking for info on the famous "six American Authors" course run by Yale (?) in the 50s. Please retweet.
well they're on sale til thursday, so feel free :)
My Grad Play, Uncommon Women and Others. Then I'm all graduated! Pretty exciting. :)
Damn. This Kindle is like having my own crack dealer.
No idea why #ScorpiosRule is trending but like this: Scorpios RULE because they truly understand human nature & can spot a phony a mile away
Listening to Beirut's The Rip Tide and doing some work :-)
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
Ironically lsu looks alot like tennessee right now lol
Classic Clay moment I'm gonna get in your.... Buahahahaha
Better to sweep than be swept. Lake-show. Where did you go?!!
Driving 25 MPH in the center lane of the freeway...really? No, really?
Thanks to everyone who visited our table at the Holiday Craft Market. And thanks to for hosting such a fun event!
A ginger just sat next to me at the quads. Thanks for ruining my appetite!
Impressive Lahiri tied 7th in Seoul Anirban Lahiri continued his good from as he shot a one-under 71 to be placed tied seventh on a wind-
Del losing to Lil Wayne is a joke
i'm thinking 1st place would be a great birthday present for us aren't you?
That's a heckuva commitment, my friend. Let me mull that over. I'm still squirming a little about the summer.
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower
#Occupy discussion at #afs11: the spectrum between activist/folklorist, documentation/action, our scholarly selves and our activist selves.
The joke's on Alexander Semin. I spew nonsense from my bedroom. I don't even have a basement!
aww, I wouldn't have missed it :) ya'll did great!
"We don't concentrate to run away from our suffering. We concentrate to make ourselves deeply present." (Thich Nhat Hanh)
Users can post blogs, images, videos, links, quotes and audio to their tumblelog, follow + be followed, re-bloged + referenced
Just did the John Yowell Marine call after eating something spicy.
excellent Jackie. I love that.
I enjoyed the show last nite. I know a celebrity. It seems like yday we were shooting the cover for Birmingham Woman!
RT : Happy baseball birthday to Babe Ruth. And yesterday was Hank Aaron's birthday. Talk about a solid back-to-back combo.
I've been listening to #SAYSOMETHIN for 2 hours. Thanks for making such amazing music!!!! :)
More than 5.6 million tons of litter, actually. That's how much is made each year in the U.S.
haha..i know.
Enjoying some pampering
strong after shock in Japan 5.9.
don't get on one knee for no girl who would not get on two for you!!!!
Join our Commercial Instructor Ben Toplin for a FREE commercial into class this Wednesday! Interested?
it says youre following me so i think it works
HOLY CRAP JUST REALIZED THAT WAS LISABETH SALANDER FROM GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATTOO
say iphone 3 times post this on 3 events wall go look under ur pillow
$10-$13 per hour will be the norm for your first few years
Same here! that bike gets many miles on it all year round!
was goodie follow me josh good look
BEST ROCK PROMO EVER. IM READY TO WHOOP SOMEONE'S ASS.
I've got some free time now before the keynote. Want to catch up?
ohh i havent either but 2 years later i met him and he lived with us so can we be tomboy sisters on twitter? :)
Overwhelmed with all the birthday love :) Thankful for great friends and family. Hope everyone has a great Thanksgiving!
will you please follow me??? You would make my night(:
Fuck Times Square its all about the outskirts
I got my technique down and everything, I don't be ticklin' or nothin'.
Sitting colliers Indy office showing off #CoStarGo and they are loving it!
It was so great meeting you! I'd love to meet up again and see how we can collaborate!
Heading back to Memphis from Baltimore in the morning. Adrenaline show this Friday at T.J. Mulligan's 64 show starts at 9:30.
storming rainy morning start to get warm and sunny again...love chicago weather
42 requests overnight to join the LinkedIn group. Did it get mentioned somewhere?
I hear Russian has the best in the world.
Pondering lunch and maybe heading over to look at some vintage road bikes.
I am going to be a Godmother to my nephew :)
Today in Literary History: Science fiction author Jules Verne ("A Journey to the Center of the Earth" & others) was born in France in 1828.
Just Saw My Cuddy At Ha Job...Gettin Me Somee Food.
I continue to be surprised by the ppl who follow just to get a follow back. What is the f*cking point? There's no value whatsoever.
Stop in tonight for all of our February specials and 2.4.1 shots! Jed, George and Jake are waiting...
I think Skip would bust Stephen A's ass in ball!
That Frustrating Moment When People Think That They No More About Ian Eatwood, Than Me. Umm Noo I've Been Supporting Him For 2 Years
I take that back...the roadies are in dress shirts and ties! Keepin' it classy.
“: So many shady people at Walmart this time of night..” just left there lol agreed.
I updated microsoft word. twice. before starting an essay
“: It’s National Walk to Work Day!" I was late, so had to take a cab this am, but I'll walk home!!
Ahh… Sunday two-for-one Bloody Marys at ’Nuff said.
thanks buddy. Good luck this season. Miss you
(Cont.) In statement Walker says no public money was used on his attorneys. He says he is meeting w DA voluntarily.
Check out Great stylist.
RT : #edtech is not about gadgets; it's about what we can do with the gadgets.
and present VHS or Beta at the Basement on 5/10! Tickets are only $10 in advance and on sale tomorrow!
my Gma said something at check out but not exactly what the problem was. Cause her name was on both hotel rooms.
discussing eportfolio thinking with the ELAC New Faculty Institute
I'm ready for you to see them
Oh yeah, that IS what we do isn't it :)
hey again just got a black soft case and a blue hard case
#WorstFeelingWhen you know your losing your bestfriend.
After your hike enjoy picnic lunch~relax to soothing sounds of NATIVE AMER. FLUTE PLAYERS 1-3pm MISSION TRAILS REGIONAL PARK VISITOR'S CNTR
Rappers please stop bringing your crazy friends on the set of your videos leave them fools home
RT : NY Post print headline: "Loss in Game 6 sends D.C. home for the summer!" I hope that this is bad karma for the rangers!
If any of you have Palladia, you should be watching now.
Your welcome (:
Well, if the 1500 kids I look at everyday are any indication, those black frames with no lenses are really cool.
yeah. Well everyone has their opinion I mean I like it!
Seriously cannot WAIT until and get here!!!
She still can't wrestle to save her life, tho... Um I meant <3!!
Good morning loves
Hamilton Tavern Happy Hour from 4:30-7:30. special drink prices and a 30% match to be donated to Hamilton Crop Circle's Kickstarter project!
Avengers was a GREAT movie.
We LOVE Cappadocia. We did the hot air ballon ride which was beyond amazing.
omg i just saw big time rush at the dolphins game singing the star spangled banner... oh my loves they sing so dangg well n_n <3 them!!!!!!!
Oh yes, it's just calling out me name, I shall go take a listen (:
just checking on you
awake having some coffee and checking mail and news getting ready to go back to work at Ten.. :-)
I've never put that theory to the #test, but I'll try most anything once.
w/s #moodle is a shop where you buy coffee (or mke ur own), but u can bring any book you want;-)
Have you had breakfast yet? We're cooking up our breakfast "burgers' for about 25 more minutes....
Stomach ache<< #blehh<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Younger News: Different ages, different diapers
Gold's Gym is officially opening at 4pm today!
Thanks to everyone that tuned in tonight to Dr. Empowerment to hear Kevin's thoughts on Small Business IT Essentials
ITS STARTING OMG
you don't hate me do you ....
What would you rather have, Zach Morris' cellphone or Steve Urkel's suspenders?
Hertz HURTS! one person behind counter, 40 people in line thats not moving.
#85-Jason Babin-DE-Tennessee Titans
New members are joinin daily!!! Get relationship(or lack there of)support via virtual bra. For women ONLY! www.kissandim.com
I fell. Not my fault!
thanks :) will do. I know everyone makes mistakes, but this one stings! Luckily, I am loved...
Loving everyone on The Voice tonight!
“A Sunday well-spent brings a week of content.” ~ Proverb quotes
We're still thinking about Haiti. Are you?
talking about judicial review of presidential use of war powers, blah blah blah... but yeah, lol
did you get todays update? 5.1.1 is supposed to be more stable
Happy holidays to all, always more grace & harmony~
i wanna keep Cassie to myself ;) lol
bored on the mall
thats a good idea!! Thank you(: I'm just so nervous haha the presentation itself is a huge grade
Cool story, Hansel.
GM Tweoples! it's #nationalkissingday? who has the Required Reading on this? We'll b #GodzillaGrindin like shouts2
i want summer
aye justin, don't think anyone forgot about that funny twitvid you owe us uh huh i remember.
Yeah, exactly and then I'll have to beat little children and I hate doing that... -__-
GEE THANKS!!! Love you too! -.- U have to sign in!!! So sign in girl!!
Damn aight.. where smiley at i be tryna reach him.
You know what's happening tomorrow? <3333 insanely excited.
I wish i went to disney with band and chorous but whatever , im going next monthh , yeee cant wait :D
Hahaha he's so cute. GL>hakim
Glad you've learned about us! (cc )
I love Sunday afternoon naps... Feels like I'll probably be up all night now.
if nick would've known he would lose the decision, he would've just submitted him real quick. Chose the decision. Smart
Dean Leogrande and SIS Dean Goldgeier introducing faculty speakers,
if dirk hits that three with under a minute left , serious dagger ... But he missed !
Sausage and peppers. Comforting & delicious. RT : What's your favorite comfort food? Why?
Yes, talk dirty to me!!!!
Just wanting to lay in the rain during the night and stare up at the stars
k my bday is May 17 so i can:) when, an where and i will be there
hey :) y aren't u in any of austins videos? With Alex
The market opens at 10 today!
I get scared-scared!!! I grab my teddy bear! I feel fear when nobodys there.
Can't wait to swap with you on Apr 28! "I have lots of Prada & Versace clothes to trade in!" cc:
“: Stress can make you feel like crap. Explains so much. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>”
: Intersections can be tricky; Koha community has rules to help.
Finally made it to my %10 goal! Totally living the points plus program!
Well good night lobes!!!
this guy is making #castle look silly
FootLoose= 1 of the best movies i ever seen <3
Colorado State equine students, young horses prepare for 2012 Legends of Ranching Performance Horse Sale
If you think your lonely now... um yea lol
try Juice Defender. I use it on my DROID.
Absolutely wholeheartedly agree!
“: Super excited to film with you guys!! RT ": 3 spots in the next 3 weeks!" We can't wait to shoot with you!!!!
I wanna play Spider 3 Y Banana !
Shit, it's easier deciphering the Dead Sea Scrolls than tryin' to figure out some of these acronyms you kids use on here. I need a Scotch.
yep...I think I can fit in there! Lol
Thanks so much for sharing your day with us !
Another successful party last night! Thank you to everyone that came out! Special thanks to all performing artists & Mr. ASAP as well!
where you be??
If you don't ever just smoke Yourself out, then your not a real
TONIGHT - Saturday Night Sessions & The Naughty Back to School Party with DJ's Justin George & XES at ABQ's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub
Washington Redskins 7 St. Louis Rams 0 15:00 in 2nd #redskins #rams #nfl (Via )
Omg. BEST MOVIE EVER!
I wanna see all your #throwbackthursday pictures guys!! (:
Great! Thanks for your support! It means a lot to me!
one yearlong scholarship, one single. keep dancing. Great faculty show pics on facebook
You too! Looks family will have more food than we can possibly eat. Happens every year.:)
getting into Catherine the Great: Portrait of a Woman by Robert J. Massie - good narrative bio
#Respect to all the artists on my mailing list! I got some MONEY GAME 2 share with ONLY YOU! Keep watchin ya emails! #REAL MONEY SHHT!
Rooftop dining with Love my building!
you know you already love it!!
Ok #gunners, let's do this right!
Never thought I'd be rooting for Matt LeBlanc to win something.
making plans to do a good thing....
. thanks for the follow! We isms have to stick together
R.I.P. Mosley career tho
just listen 2 some jay-z...it'll get u goin
He is mighty to save.
You Know She A Buss Down If She Say I Dont Usually Do This....
Goin to sleep before I kill someone
Also I am in True Magazine the Wiz Khalifa issue & Mr Dreamz Magazine the 2 Pistols issue
But he think he kewl hahaha
“ I hope I get the job *fingers crossed*” « toes to
Fresh profile image. Glad to connect. Looking forward to your tweets.
It's available in the US now?
North Carolina: The Bigot State
Things I know for sure. 1. You cant run from the truth. 2 Don't kill the messenger. 3. When u go "look" you will "find"
Today is a day I resent Eve for damning me to a life involving monthly cramps. #takeonefortheteam <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
I will come audition haha!!
Second that! RT : It's gloomy out. I want to nap.
Thanks! I need all the help I can get :)
Need a custom creative printing solution for your POP display? Seamless fabric dye sub, direct print to hundreds of substrates? Imagine...
All I want is you
Not only are you responsible for your life, but doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.
Great; thanks! I'll check her out.
I'm trying to change the world, one life at a time...
Gettin ready to head down to Redroom (1875 N Humbolt, MKE) for breakbeats & art sauce......... Come see my new work & dance yr face off!!
give me give me give me some vampire money come on.....
Oh, and is the halftime entertainment. :)
Have fun! #lucky RT : Can't wait to see #Reds vs #Mets at citi field tomorrow.
good looking fam on the retweet..oyea did you get the trax?
Man I hate when cool ass girls get faggot ass boyfriends. Dudes always be gettin mad at me for simply talkin to em, makin em not talk to me.
There's nothing I love more than waiting for my mom to finish talking to her friends about irrelevant shit when I have somewhere to go.
Exactly. Couldn't have said it better!
feeling thankful. This is a big big big week for and as I pursue my dreams you all are there with me with your love n support. THANK YOU!
Paul DePodesta (played by Jonah Hill in Moneyball) spoke in Chicago this morning about the movie, baseball and statistics.
i'm thinking about cooking some cheese sticks. :D
Yay is now on !
Don't think my mom ever learned how to be a mom.
RT : Bunch of mixed geeks at #DCDrinkup sorting out a single check. This will only end in tears.
thanks for the follow.
Why do ppl even RT Jose Canseco? Biggest fuckin idiot
Dear Neighbor, If you blast Christian Conservative talk radio while parked in front of my house, I'll blast A Perfect Circle. Deal? kthx..
I would like to thank all my followers and for those that rewteeted me. The news for the US is bad, but together we must all stand.
get that man some oxygen!
I have been traveling like a NBA player this holiday season Atlanta,Memphis,Mississippi,Los Angeles looking for that next star..where are U!
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea... does that mean that one enjoys it?
Young people like loud music and old people like loud TV.
There is an art of which every man should be a master the art of reflection. If you are not a thinking man, to what purpose are
Hahahaha I wouldn't put it past you You gave me that kind of vibe.
I will eat that...Mustard is necessary with any kind of liver however...
I Pay no mind to those who talk behind my back,it simply means that I am two steps ahead.
Bitch its wed see i am about to cry LOL
hey what's up I'm sammy
Cool! Ur always welcome 2 listen 2 Chi Chi!
call me do I can listen in. Lol
What is the hottest album and hottest single out right now?
Watching ¡Q'VIVA!
#WhyDoiAlways hear my name in people mouth?
"And now, number one on 95.7, One Direction - What Makes You Beautiful." ahh<3
Super Nice Out Today
:O PEQ15 Green/Red laser by Battleaxe www.crw-airsoft.com batteries
Even better!
Last 3 wkd nothins on tv. Best thing on when I'm watching: jerseylicious. Horrid. more horrid; evry time it's the same episode. Wtf.
True knowledge must be obtained the hard way and some people just dont want to see the light
Nothing, shut up!! Lol
Always happy to have free wifi at SFO.
Aaahhhh were under tornado warning!!!!
Guy driving a Ford Focus around Portland with Oregon plates 595 BEF is a reckless driver. Beware.
LOL! I'm ENTJ...I think. Thanks for the follow!
Don't remember seeing Floyd bleed before...????
belated response - those are all horrible! so sorry that you've had such terrible dates!
sorry to report your account sent me a #DM spam. I let #twitter know I'm fed up with amount of #spam I receive. do you?
Awh that's so sweet Jake!!!:)
when sexy people follow you >>>>> damn ;)
#FF Current and Former Oxy Golfers:
Had a fun time at A.P.E last nite!
as do I my friend......as do I. It's become the best problem I have had.
We have happy hour ALL NIGHT tonight + Karaoke + Hourly Drink Specials & collecting goods for American Red Cross to send to Japan!
Check this out. Do you get a secret decoder ring or something...?
for you and Mothra of course
guys who play with little kids, look 10 times more attractive.
idk bro could be soon.
Pürtelas Sokak. It took me a while to figure out.
RT : That's the great thing about a chat--everyone can join. Hope you do.
I'm so happy all of Austin's covers are back up on his YouTube (':
I hope there is a special place in hell for those who cheat on their significant other while they're away at war.
Im here to clean (HIP HOP) up and bring it back to the true Essences... 500BOYZ 4 "im coming"
The first person to get 10 of their friends to like our page WINS the iTunes giftcard. We all know you like free music. Ready... set... GO!
I got so many bruises nd scratches on me i dnt know how that happen i even wake up with em...lol
I bet people started believing that the world was round slowly. Like I did with vampires.
Rob Wilson: 30!
In so much pain. I cAnt event sleep. I want to die <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Let's Dance For Sports Relief. <<33
Lmao Funniest thing I've heard all day!
haha. genius might be a strong word, but something like that.
you look smoking hot in that pic
I think I want to try yoga. Can you do it at home by yourself? Any suggestions?
Oh boy, what a pickle I have gotten myself into
glad you're feeling better! Here's to a speedy recovery!
will do.
unless you mean the NY Times piece about living in the hood? I caught that. We have to lock in our phoner. Soon.
its time for me to get my hair done its like a crazy mod in thier lol
Saturday Special: Our $5 Box Lunch today is Roasted Breast of Turkey!
what is it?
Bow Wow is way better than French
i love your background how did you do that?.
Everybody y'all should follow do it right now! :)
havent been on in a while wassup twitter
Rain, rain go away, come again another day.
You are a STAR! Your voice is incredible and I'm in line to buy your CD! Stay strong and God bless you, Josh!
Here at last was something ready to hand
Those that complain that they don't have socks to wear should quit leaving them all over the house and get them to the laundry room!
Off too bed !!! Gunna b a long day tomorrow
A woman must know to scent herself with same discretion, the same taste and the same elegance which she puts to get dressed. ~ Jean Patou
Damn most of my family putting me on blast ohk i fuhkn get it dnt have to tell me,lyk 14 times already.!.
As much as I love FMA Brotherhood, and do want it to finish at least one more time. Adultswim still needs new anime.
Not sure. I probably won't start till I move in May. I've never done it before. Is yours indoors or outdoors?
If I leave my heart with you tonight, will you promise me that you're gonna treat it right? I'm barely hanging on.
glad to be a follower!
Stop! Hammered time
g'nite. Must sleep b/4 I build up more steam! Bye! :)
#BV occurs when the normal balance of #bacteria in the vagina is disrupted and replaced by an overgrowth of certain unhealthy bacteria.
enjoy! Wish I was w you. Hoist one for him from me please!
In a bad mood
Haste makes waste
I don't even care about basketball but the Nuggets game last night got me hopeful.
UPDATE: Max Service has been restored in the LLoyd Center Area... Grinding equipement has been removed.
Don't be fooled by bottled water claims. Visit EWG's website for the real info. beautysnatual.com
Best RB N Da Game Got His Due...REAL!!!
Wish that on my 1st day of MLIS classes the 1st thing my profs told me was to read Better late than never, though, right?
It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly. - Mabel Newcomber
awn my god that's so freakin sweet of u!!!!!! :D
Watching Kennedy Center Honors, great show!
I can pretend I'm Britney Spears, I already am standing in urine and hate the person I'm with -- Stewie Griffin
Wish it could be me! Miss you still.
This is the story of a girl who cried a river a and drowned the whole world
I literally love you. :D
H/t on that last one.
Sun coming up over Waco. It could be prettier. Been up for 24 hrs. Still rockin.
lifes a bitch somebody need to smack her gorilla on this hoes
CHECK OUT THIS UP AND COMING ARTIST FROM THE UK!
cardinals and priest in the performance...interesting
Andy's Sunday Jazz Jam Tonite: Don't Miss IT! 11 E. Hubbard @ 9pm - Vocalists Welcome - Musicians FREE, $10 Admission
I'm trying sunflower seeds...not sure they are working.
Good morning! :)
i really need a best friend. i have nobody to just vent too.
I LOVE THE SKIN I'M IN
omg!! sorry!! lol ill try im takin a break from #FollowMeAriana so when i get back on ill help you ok??
Anna Farris is hilarious.. Watching what's your number
A GSA Schedule provides for a streamlined, pre priced, pre negotiated contract
Matt Harpring you are ok, but can you please get off Lebron's @$%ª"&!!!!!
drinks at W hotel soon!
Is it the weekend yet??? I'm beyond ready to see you!
like me, love me, bite me, and beat me, but just shut up!!!!
thank you so much!!
Woo thats my boo!!!!! Love the cutch!!!
#LASTAGETALKS follow up: How does the collaboration convo change when 1st meet includes the performers & continues as the work evolves?
One clear message we heard re job fair turnout today: "We're not just sitting around collecting #unemployment. We want to work!"
Who can forget the most controversial political ad put out by President Lyndon Johnson's team," Daisy"?
please no more "Instrument X and Music Theory" postings
School is approaching soon and we have many new and exciting events and food planned for the new year followers stay tuned
Valentine's Day menu looks amazing... Let's just say some chocolate and tuna is involved. Call in ask about the menu and reserve a spot
guess I'll have to take u at your word as no one who made the decision will clarify
I think we have to make love on the front lawn like crazed weasels NOW!
Hurray! Hopefully it gets lots of traffic, too.
locker room?? Did she see the rubba donga??
Thanks for the add. Appreciate it.
the Cabin In The Woods is very unexpected lol
you can join after school :) what time is Bdubs tonight?
yes amazing voice i am a fan for always
I don't like Chocolate Ice Cream, so don't ask me.
Love the coverage, thanks so much
Great hanging out with JL King (Down Low Bruthas), De Etta West, E'lyse Murray and the gang at Clark-Atlanta University today!
For everyone who's called or texted me I promise I'll get back to you ASAP.
There's nothing more comforting and reassuring than a hug from my mother or sister.
I'm so happy you like our stuff. You're so sweet! :)
if the are not 10+ games over .500 by January 2013 I am officially done with this franchise forever.
that sounds delicious!
sorry pal, April Fools Day is 100 times worse, all day long, "april fools!!!". Stupid.
One of my favs!! Enjoy! Gnite. Sweet dreams <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Congratulation to , they are now past the $10M mark! Amazing! Crowdfunding is really going to change everything!
hunter doesnt publish people on iau if theyre already published naked on the internet professionally.
It's almost that time again for Mickey's summer travel adventures!
hey how u been
remember if you want different results.....do something different.
At last, a celebrity cooking with something I actually have! RT: “: The secret ingredient in my cooking? Indifference.”
true, but I don't know how many people will still use it cause Twitter will most likely take off the other social media outlets
If I brought my pillow pet over to people's house when I slept there, would you make fun of me? Lol
Wishing every weekend was 3 days! And that my Boilers could look half as promising as my Badgers!
I'm looking forward to Adobe Omniture Summit 2011 next week in Salt Lake City, UT. Will you be there??
The sad thing is that I didn't even get to meet you, Guess it wasint meant to be):
Off to school soon! I love you
congrats! loved it at
I love that framework!! Great question stems.
#hardasses (; it wouldn't let me fit that on one tweet. Lololololol.
I did!
Do what the fuck makes you happy, cause at the end, who's there? You. --Tyler the Creator
I've been walking on concrete so much that my shoe heel fell apart today and I still have hours to go, hours to go.....
lol yes you do
RT : Excited for Dog Day - dog fair at the coliseum, dog diving at the poultry/rabbit palace.
He was probably just inviting out so he could see my prettier friends. Or maybe he does actually consider me a friend...
your the whoredarling, are class will be fighting tomorrow.
any cinco de mayo specials?
what decision?
There's something about braces that makes any boy or girl more cute
whos excited for #Believe !!
: Check out my Homie David Michael on Facebook, send him a friend request SwagMyVideo.com #nowplaying Beach Chair by Jay-Z
Q4) The main sales strategy is to listen to your customers.
Thanks for the follow! We'll keep you updated with news on RAW's new Raleigh location!
One Direction on Blast!!<333
it's a grilled cheese with tomato soup kinda day.
Tomorrow Vans Warped Tour Kick Off party yay can't wait
Mothers DAY :)
I got hacked! @#$%^&* don't click on direct messges from me that say : here's acrazy twee or whatever.
I've heard of putting books in the oven to sanitize. Was mentioned in Lorrie Moore's last book.
Artist advertise on album releases, videos & shows low rates Contact Reach 35k
We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
me2.go with ben to the benny diar show
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer12
Uhh I'm sorry I even brought it up but like I always say don't worry so much about today because I know that you'll be okay !*)
Gotta love the Pirates. They always are welcome in Milwaukee
ok bet
How's it going eh?
I'm surprised they've gotten this far, but I did think people were underestimating them heading into the playoffs.
I am loving laying in bed with all the windows open and the fresh breeze bringing the lilac smells in
We received a nice review 2day: Great item / great quality. It's actually a gift for my mom for Christmas, and I am sure she will love it.
Thank you to et al for terrific tweeting today
graduation was one of the best days of my life i did it all for my mama, i know she looking down on me smiling rest for me mama!
Actually, was the first person to answer and got it correct. Had about 40 guesses with only 4-5 of em correct.
Happy Mothers Day to one of my fave RHW!!!
Gotta love fire drills on campus
": #NowPlaying Boyce Avenue - Someone Like You (Adele Cover) | #RIAUW" You should play an original BA song too! :)
You alone are enough. You have nothing to prove to anybody ~ Maya Angelou
I just spent an hour in Walmart and I no longer believe in evolution.
Thank you all veterans for your services and sacrifices.
I hate it when sombody stank and talk about sombody els being smelly.....i'm like did you smell yo self this morning
...and the roots of those values are imparted by a sense of family, community, and culture. " - Richard Couto
Yes, because we need another Josh Vitters.
sweet =) I'm always looking for new music. I'll check them out! it sucks that you had to miss their show though =(
Skill and drill is underrated lately.
I'm smiling, and you're not the reason anymore.
Of course he has....I mean I would...wouldn't you?
Paul Wesley is gorgeous so a guy a few times uglier than him would be somewhat okay lol
Are you trying to send me to an early grave with this Roberts DL stuff? Because my titanium burial pyramid isn't completed yet.
listening to on right now.
I am always in section 101. I will come to you. How do I explain being friends with a Cubs fan tho? LOL
I want gum!!! I feel weird with out it! ...like I can't function right with out it!:P
It's amazing how notices every other #acon but me ):
Dude, we're members at Bakker now.
For those who follow , I'd recommend not using #HigherOne to receive refund. Just another way to rip off students.
Have you noticed that most SUCCESSFUL ppl are married. It's not all abt being on love, but creating an Empire of your own! Better Society!
#ifmydreamscametrue My Family would never need for anything but learn that their are more important things in life besides ass cars and cash
Did you ask him to answer your questions in English instead of jargon?
GOP literally STOLE the election from Al Gore & we lived with it peacefully. Now Va. nut wants armed rev. if President Obama is re-elected
A sinus headache and a sore back are making this a slow morning.
TOMORROW IS MY BIRTHDAY! :D
I Dont Know Where I'd Be If I Wasn't As Strong As I Am Today ...
There is not a man within the sound of my voice who does not know that this nation is run by the International bankers - Congress. McFadden
For what it's worth, #Geraldo believes he's trying to help save kids' lives. Agree or disagree, but that's his intention
Tonight's episode of #punkd and #PaulyDProject were awesome!!
It sounds freaky but we can totally do it!
We've managed to talk about dogs, cats, car crashes, weed, police officers, and Trayvon Martin in these first 45 minutes of class...
I've gone on one or two sprees myself. Always a good purchase!
Flyers = Party crashers. Solid game to open the season with.
"2000's imma let you finish, but the 90's had the best cartoons of all time."
glad you caught it. Now redeem yourself hahaha
mee too! My brother woke me up!!!
This. #amen [RT]: No, seriously: #SRIARCHA!
How come this truck never comes to the beach? OB, specifically. RT : We're at 32nd and Thorn tonight from 4pm-8pm.
if only I could photoshop a I got 99!problems but a knife ain't one picture with 2 rolentos.
Hour and a half of cardio, done. 30 min of strength training, done.
Thanks for checking out WeSeed. I'm here if you have questions. :-)
Thank you for sharing!
You could bring an extra pair to PLN this weekend.... :)
Are the interested in playing basketball on the same floor as the and this summer?!?!?
Of course! Not a problem at all! :)
going to the modcloth party at forest room 5
because it doesn't exist. :)
Amer idol doing well
good choice. Otherwise you'd be in handcuffs!
Just did week 2, day 3 of !
The question has never been whter or not he shot him. He did. Was it justified is the question. Wasn't there so I don't know/
He who does not live life to it's fullest can never know the true meaning of life ...
Dirk freaking Nowitzki...that was the best NBA game I've seen in a long time. Glad this is looking like a real series.
"There is no better school than adversity."
it was good to see the breakfast club team out last night at soiree
Military also has a much higher divorce rate than the general public.
You're in Falkirk today? :-)
My first Kentucky Derby experience was a blast! Rich & I had a winning bet. Thanks to my dad's business partner we had an amazing box/suite.
Are you serious? Omg haha xD
Can anyone guess McDonalds new sandwich?....McWinning
Jenna told me that somebody told her black girls dont suck dick so thats why teen pregnancy is so prevalent in the black community......
Hunter, cause c'mon, how badass is Hunter?
(((Thalia)))<~~~A hug for you! I hope you get a little break from your studies and have a great weekend!
I see you.
"': I'm the oddball of my family" hm...yeah true! & weird, annoying...(:' " Ha ha very funny -_-
Yeah, pretty much anything combined with diet and exercise will lead to weight loss...
got home from acting class and am sleepy...sweet dreams <3
Rather than new overhead, they should form a subgroup within NAHJ.
$25 pork fun: Pork rillettes with bruschetta, Pork coppa and pork sausage with polenta, Brioche bread pudding with rhubarb conserva
Thanks. It's very nice so far. Taking lots of photos.
Don't lie to me
I had to read that a few times lol
I Hate Fake People
Confirmed for July 19th today. The twitter queen is coming to to talk about -- what else - tweeting.
have faith in me. < 3
forrealll? tell a brutha I say hi
KILL!!!! in my best singing voice.
Can we have class outside today?
Makes sense.
Perths Photography Planning The Perfect Wedding On A Tight ...
“ “ "I love to see my friends doing good most friends are just secret haters"””
I support that
jfc, i'm wearing a dress shirt.
clean fun haha
Um,no you iznnnnttt
I feel bad for Keisha. This is not cool. At all. Tami should be ashamed.
It's not that bad except my kids used to watch the show over and over when it was on Nick. I'm having flashbacks.
Anything you lose automatically doubles in value
Guts - All Time Low
My husband just says "I have something you can look at." Sicko
Interesting stat: our back 4 has started the past 13 games together.
He said it! "Hatred is a very underestimated emotion. " - Jim Morrison
rest easy aaron michael phat scott!
Poised Creation has enjoyed its research into the entertainment industry!
Grand Opening 7997 W. Sahara Ave., #103 TODAY 10a-4p Show up and get 40% off HCG, Out of town 30% coupon code "grand" www.lasvegashcg.com
What are your thoughts on debt collectors using social media to pressure people into paying?
I tripped out on that blue deer in the last Harry Potter film. Also a symbol of power & enlightenment for the Huichol people of Mexico
Look at all the great proposals by and Moya Bailey! Keep 'em coming!
"Your face...it looks like something I threw up." Lmao, omg...
No big deal! I'm not the grammar police. Hit the Cal Ripken ESC key!
In my own zone .... a lot on a dude mine smh missing my son like crazy
Save the SoCal sun for the middle of winter - it's beautiful here right now!
neerrrd! see you shortly where i'll become mayor of yer house!
How old is your son?!
tony will b happy though lmao
Thank u ,love...do u club? RT : glad to be aboard handsome!!! ;)
I thought it was something from 2001 still online, but no! Weekly publication!
Excited to see tonight at dinner. Our bf's will definitely be neglected during our love fest.
#thatawkwardmoment when you forgot the twitter name and you get caught. !
any idea whr u wnt 2 land - wnt 2 stay up on the top - i'll miss pie & coffee & that view w U - u will miss it more
About to make some chicken Tacos, fries and sip on this White Remy :-)
I have such a cute boyfriend (':
I Saw Her Standing There: What would it be falling in love with a women and finding out she's a zombie? Play and...
Chillin, I should be sleep doe
If you want something spoken about ask a man, if you want something done, ask a woman- Meryl Streep
thanks Jeff!! My birthday was awesome. Always great when spending it with the family
This one is actually kind of unsettling.
Such a long day: 9am-1130pm running around. Finally time to relax!
Why so serious?
Won my bracket. Still hate Kentucky.
what is up? am I searching, really scrambling for a job that - you know- pays you!
no problem. Just don't tell anyone; I have an image to protect.
I remember your mother in the kitchen! "Florence, we're ready for lunch now!"
SESSIONS LOOK LIKE HE SANG BACK UP FOR TEVIN CAMPBELL SISSY ASS...
Being audited next week means I Staying at work till 8 or 9 tonight.
Meeting about new space design + Qdoba = best library meeting ever!!!!
not that you dm me with the egg baby girl -_-
welcome! How long you here for?
Has anyone seen the documnetary 'Farmageddon'? Know how I can find a viewing?
Sunny Day Exercise - walk around house looking for gaps to caulk before winter.
sick and sad
Landed safely in Chicago.... Next stop airport #2 Miami! But first an hour and a half layover... :-(
Wishing everyone a happy and healthy new year! Let's hope for a cure in 2012!
It's January 5th and I'm driving with my windows down!!!!
Congrats Medical Center graduates! Welcome to the pack of successful Miami Dade College alumni!!
Great opening at Oneida conference center for the Green Bay Film Festival.
May have gone a little too far in the "understated" direction. :-) Just edited to try something different.
Glad you are excited for Substrata Fest!
best thing on their menu! Delicious Greek dish
nigguh. It's cool. I ain't tripping (;
May the 4th be with you! I've waited all year to say that!
Is nude an option in airports? news.cnet.com/8301-31921_3-2…
Mockingbird by eminem<33
Salukis deserve better! Weber turned his back on SIU for Illini and now looking 2 return as early retirement
Please tell me he is hilarious. I really wanted to go!
I'm getting tired of depending on people for rides... I need a car
They're actually really cute lolol
I saw the movie today!
Thanks for visiting, ! What did you enjoy?
Penny Stock lovers I really see " APRO.PK " really taking off this week.. get it NOW
"we are going. and i am going up to him if he's with that girl and telling him he is with a man."
understanding in any given situation can be benificial!!`
Magniv! has arrived. We've got their CDs and they are playing the big Tel Aviv Beach Party on Friday + their showcase.
BREWERS WIN
Our Newest Cocktail "The Queen City Girl." Warming. Loving. Caring.
do it! get all dressed up!
goodnight I LOVE YOU!!! Mahomies are here for you<3
We're on Twitter, too!
r u even comin?
Yes sir #DIR all day everyday
I never thought about that possibility....
Why do fat people get fatter? Why do anerexic remain anerexic? Why do haters hate? Why do people judge? Im sick of this shit.
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! #NeverSayNever <3
I love the fact that the school system locks down the Internet so tight I can't get to Google docs or show Frontline video.
I am done learning new things until someone can prove to me that google won't be around forever!
Good night Hannah.. sleep well!! :-)
you were ready to close your book
Well my volleyball team has lost 3 in a row after being undefeated last year..
Why is it important to distinguish between a RT and a MT? Does it really matter?
I'm goin thru it dawg! That's my cut, "Niggas know my flow, straight out tha pot!
Publish and then *filter*.
gr8 meeting u lst ngt looking forward to supplying ur athletes w/what they need after workouts
EYE DE KAY BUT NOW IM ALL SAD AND SHTUFF CUZ WEE WUZ JUS TALKIN ABOUT IT :(
Im at Western Sizzlin eating wit da peoples...
CCH Historical Society meets Sunday in Calhoun
It's the same three people AGAIN!!!!
Whitney Houston died at 3:55 pm Today.
The Ugly Duckling.
Lol. I like the way you get coffee!(;
After wiping out on Saturday, I'm good. RT : riding your bike to work? Today, Bike Week helps you learn how at a Workshop
who is #1 on the hot100 this week???
If ya feet nasty ya box has to be
I hate internet groupies# Sad
idk if he did! But that just made him 10x hotter in my book! ugh<3
This isn't the way I'm supposed to feel right now. I feel like I've accomplished nothing.
RT : 50 years ago this month, the Beatles were rejected by Decca Records -- "Guitar groups are on the way out." The legend:...
has to be the fabulous foster
black ink on raw canvas.
How do I make RSS feeds of your guys channels and shows?
Not again! Praying for healing and justice for the victims, families, students, & staff at Virginia Tech today after another shooting.
Timing is everything
Who went to bed EARLY, and STILL overslept? #ThisGuy Good morning Tweeters
that sounds potentially hilarious!
You'll ditch that Febreeze when you get a whiff of our Trapp home fragrances. With more than 25 scents to choose from, you'll find a fave!
I am so proud of my friend and colleague RYAN GLASGOW!!! Good Job Ryan!(aka GJT!)
The way to sign up is through the Dodgeball Team Signup Note.
9 hr of driving up to pa and back i think i am going nuts
wow....is this hottie my friend?! So lucky! Hot hot hot #HAWT!!
Hi sunshine! I'm great! U??? What ya been up too? RT : hey u! How are you boo?
and when was this cuz I don't remember this
we got moonshine apple cider beer and a gift exchange this shits bout to get real
People who don't know the difference between "than" and "then" deserve to live in a cave without wifi.
I'm just smoking in this liquor drinking on this weed had to pop a molley just so I can go to sleep
Sometimes we have to fight for what we love and care about. But sometimes, we have to find the strength to let it go.
is it over already....
. First of all, why would someone EVER put cookies in the freezer? The freezer is meant for ice cream, and ice cream alone!
And, you get to run past the yummy smells of the palermo's pizza factory.
Yes, and I love them too, but Jeter strives to win.
K-State night at The K? Do you have to pay extra to park your Double Wide Trailer?
it's butter flavor and it gives you diabetes. That is how it should read at least
": well maybe you wouldn't be tired all the time if u stopped cheating on me!"/:(
Power is out :( not even storm
yes, kimi in Monaco for the win f1
What difference does it make how much you have? What you do not have amounts to much more.
Ha Ha RT #4famouswords suck my dick hoe/bitch
Sitting outside studying on this beautiful day with . <U+2600><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
ha! that gif of Puyol is great. Reminds me of when he pulled out the corner flag vs RealMad (ref had 2 put it in, slowed attack).
Care to share? RT I've seen one good Prezi. One.
Thanks to Chuck, John, Marty, and Kevin for another stellar event last night. Savoy & PPC together again!
LOL So glad I'm not the only one watching right now and thinking the same thing. a $10,000 dress, whaaa??
Going to the Y to work Out prolly hoop
"initial adrenalin boost is gone" - could very well summarize the long term fate of the Timbers in my opinion.
This nigga came in da gas station and put $200 on pump 9 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
wunderlist I HATE you.
you okay?
let go and let god
good until Austin tweeted #RIPAngel :'(
Important tweet! (Importweet?) EHS's fall 2012 spots are almost gone so if you or anyone you know needs a room, get in touch! 1-800-385-1689
#Risdphonathon running the sunday shift on a lovely day! -Deja ID '14 <3
You're *clearly* a most EXCELLENT Mum. ;)
There's now a shortcut between the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans, courtesy of climate change.
Does anyone have a cure for earaches?
We are excited to work with you this year!
How many more days of school? #ireallywant it to just be over. WHERE ARE YOU SUMMER?!
I wanna senior year like in movies
I love when people get all mad cuz I don't reply to their text haha they b like "y didn't u text me back!" I say prolly cuz I don't like you
: I would love to win a $300 gift certificate to a bookstore!
Hope everyone's weekend has been a great one! Keep on vaping!
Can't remember the last time I set foot in a MKE club...
MERRY CHRISTMAS FROM ! Let's do this 2012 thang'
RT : The trouble with speaking truth to power is that afterwards you still have the truth, and they still have the power.
And you can get alerts for events pushed to your devices, so there are probably ways to get around whatever you need it for.
RT : "People want peace so much that 1 of these days govt better get out of their way and let them have it." Eisenhower
#DirectionersAreDisrespectful <--- really? you're thinking about Directionators not Directioners. There's a difference
we've won 8 Championships this year.
So weird getting 2 week old tweets. Apparently some are stuck in the Twittasphere just bouncing around?
We had a great planning meeting today for the Global Women's Summit here in Indianapolis. Theme of the summit is "Let Your Voice Be Heard!"
hahaha what a hard worker :") <U+2665>
So is my dude gonna stack up on Yeezy 2's for us over in Australia? Hahah
"The best way to appreciate your job is to imagine yourself without one."
Thanks for the follow
I'm So Over People.
Yeah will do, we travel all the time for various things so will ask if he's got anything going down under.
Gonna get an Iphone!!!! (: now i can be apart of the never get off your phone community! ;P
GO DUCKS
Real men stay faithful. We don't have time to look for other women because we are too busy loving the one we have.
fruit roll ups
Facebook Tip for #Nonprofits: 2 addtl features are Pinning & Featuring posts. Pinning keeps a post to the top, Highlights are full width
I believe he said "loudest"
Happy birthday to my sister I love you with all my heart and I hope that nothing brings us apart, you looked stunnin tn<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
lmao! Never sharing her ever ever!
agreed! Can't come quick enough
you so damn silly..send me some pics.
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
Wears high heels when she exercises ;)
The boys at Acalanes High School are SO CUTE AND HOT!!!! IM GOING CRAZY!!!!!!!!!
Yep! Better pay, better benefits, and a more stimulating position.
is the social media case study published anywhere? aggregating #pubmedia case studies would be a great resource to learn from
Hey, email Fran about goin out. I unfortunately have to work until 10, but would be happy to meet up after if you're still out.
Follow us and retweet this! #HELP!
We all know that shit lol
That's kind of a good thing though because the whole city can rally around one team year-round.
Do you know what's in those Terms of Use you just signed? Did you even know that you signed them?
just looked at profiles through my roommates facebook cause she was signed in on my comp; feels like a relapse. ew, i feel gross and weird
apparently Dan Hurley, the old st. benedict's bball coach is coaching at URI. You'll do well
Definitely had a "9 to 5: the Musical" flashback during that #Smash staging with Marc Kudisch and Megan Hilty.
*sits down* kels is ranting...
I was happy after the throat rip death, but annoyed that the chick with the short hair and Carl are still around
thanks!! “: Great event on #youth and #CompSexEd with Kenyan & Pakistani reps at #CPD2012”
Headed to Chattanooga to watch my cousins regional meet
: thanks bro!
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it. Buddy Hackett
Shakespeare used fictional characters to comment on real thing. Daisey used real people to comment on fictional things.
OMG. LOVE. I bet the photographer is really pretty
#ClubPS3 #ClubiPad2 I hope my hump day turns into happy day!
David, Cody and Garrett. My three locals. Garrett would hide and I would always make him talk. Proud of you Garrett O Hunt!
im for sure going to check him out on the 5th. The rest of the bill that night doesn't hurt either.
My jackd app won't work grrrr
Vipbox.tv,i watch everything there
home alone and its thundering and lightening :-(
" Came to the game like Speedy Gonzalez, Im fucking looney" -Tyler, The Creator
is considering the death of Capital and the Rise of the Proletariat
- was hot at the oscars
I am the founder/ designer of BELOW THE BRIM, LLC. Our message is WEAR WHAT YOU BELIEVE and our mission is to spread hope.
#Onlyinmovies Do T.V. news bulletins usually contain a story that affects you personally at that precise moment you turn the television on.
if you follow back(:
...Please note there will be no piano, so solos will be unaccompanied. Check our Facebook page for details. Hope to see you Saturday! :-)
#TSA just got lucky again. They got to third base with me because I opted out.
You can always wear dark contacts
Quote time I think yes!!:)
Can you think of something special we can do for for the
What a solid afternoon to do some shopping. Mission: not to buy shoes.
Which is better #thevoice or #DWTS??
: God has objective for your pain, a reason for your struggle and a gift for your faithfulness. Don't give up!
you dont like it :)
...have you ever forgotten to go to lunch? I mean, I like my job and all, but... geez! :)
good call on the Bierkraft. I dug the sandwich. If my alarm hadn't gone off at 3am, I would have dug a beer too.
MT He's due. RT CC has never beaten Price in 5 tries...<Everyone seems to do things 1st vs us..,reverse tr ...
Wow, looked away and when i looked back my twitter page was all new...
This is awesome, Iyanla! Thank you...miss you
Thank God finally settled
6th grade: Beat you up, rack yer sneakers and yer skateboard. The good ol days. Smashed a kids face with the truck of my board back then.
Say you like me oh oh oh
“The best ideas come as jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible.” David Ogilvy
The freshman are killing me. Stop trying to talk to me I'm not one of you. K thanks
I have to sing 15 choir songs and I have a drama skit to do. I know at least it's fun stuff right?
Sahar's going
“: Can someone help a nigga out?” was up wit it bro?
I don't blame him, chihuahuas can be mean :)
Congratulations to Senor Sack, Mr.Gabe Rivera getting inducted into the college football hall of fame.
just sleep in Keller's Cave bro! I'll make sure there's a pillow in there at the end of the day for ya
John Kao-Mr Innovation-making connect betwn what leaders learn from jazz musicians. Outlined in book Jamming
RT : Animals lining up two by two here in Texas.
that's what I mean by player control -- idea that NPCs should always follow player def of relationship.
Jazzy was here lmao
Thanks to the increasing % of American Obese, my success rate with 2's - 4's has gone from about 1% to 3%.
Woke up this morning and #cards were still world champs. Whew! I was afraid it was all just a dream.
Thank you!
you put a smile on my face that's my goal! :-)
A mess
FINE HOLD ONN
hey handsome
Baby can i get a refill ?
Do we have any artistic writers or fans that could help us out with something
We are Process
did you go to the Fire-Sounders game?
If you feel that giving up, remember that for which you held before.
Going to a with Floridian tonight. We'll see who handles the heat better.
It's because he earns $20 mil a year. And this was the guy who said newspaper reporters are overpaid.
Oakland A's in town to play White Sox during #ABATechShow. Games at 7:10pm. 15 minutes to game by L. Monday night is half price.
orange/coral!
Debating on whether or not to keep studying for my #PRexam. How unethical/unprofessional is it to just say "screw it" and go watch a movie?
hey justin am glad u got ur award 4 the vmas just so u no i voted 4 u <3<3
I'm into polyamory. I have a relationship with two hands.
HERE WE COME GAME 7
hehe oh ok makes more sense now(x
“: It's niggas I'd never look at and bitches who look like shit. Always running they mouths”
I'm sure you get a lot of #wine leftover too!
where are you going?
Dalai Lama facts and figures
D&D tomorrow. free coffe and candies with fabric samples yeah!
Tell me more about profits from online business
wow, 2 kids just left backpack @ seat to go get food, dude behind them called a cop over to remove bag, this ain't the airport buddy
A REAL owner for the Coyotes and a live local sports talk show in the morning from 7AM-10AM.
Shwarma with my sister... it is #sogood !
what is ur picture
Omg it feels like I haven't been on twitter for weeks!
Went up 2 the E. Fork San Gabriel River 4 a last trip before I strt new job... Most gold found so far (still not a lot). Pics 2 come soon.
follow she follows back!
that my friend is a warning sign
the new demon is awesome. 5/4 flying undying for 4. Awesome!
God I freaking LOVE all my followers.
Check out the new Featured Bit - "Shats R Us" www.freekshowradio.com
Awww wookit you. Bread is good too, lil guy!
come to Houston,Tx
In Ashburn for training. That whole Dulles toll road thing...shenanigans!!! If I have to pay to ride on your road there shud b food!
Mark Twain Library Art Show Dec. 4 -12, Redding CT, Striped Bass & Brook Trout art to benefit library - admission free!
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you have pretty eyes
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them.-Mark Twain
#Aquarians have so much charm that even rivals compliment them"
Watching a rabbit yawn is the funniest thing ever. Seriously.
Hey y'all, follow me on Twitter! Shanks!!!
Watching The Office from the very beginning!
good morning <3
And Joe Buck reprises his dad's famous call from 1991 Series: "We'll see you tomorrow night!"
he was arguably the best player on the best team.
Apps: Bean, Color Splash Studio, Great Plain Text
No one likes me. I can't blame them... I don't even like me.
Either way. :)
I guess there was a at the Casino tonight?
El meson is just as good when you pick it up
company league game or I guess I should say games as I will probably be playing in more then just my team's game
Its funny while i'm getting painted no one else showed up so why do people say "Cyon Flare you're another person when you get dress up" How?
Watch this birthday party become a sexy underwear party pt 2. And I can't wait.
My wife says I never listen.....or something like that, I think
I worry about you all the time.
Dear Starbucks and gas stations...it isn't a competition to see who can charge more.
very long story
but I kid! You're an easy victim :p ily though haha. But I can't be like mean mean. Like "ew why are you in the pic"
Hey people, we're on Instagram! We have the same name there as Twitter--we'd love to connect w/ you!
Sadly have had the worse customer experience w/Bugaboo.Taken over 6 months 2 fix something & they couldn't get it done.Don't reco!
Attn—The ship "Higgs" capsized this AM. All crewmembers are accounted for except one: rescuers are still searching for the Higgs' boatswain.
1017 brick squad
If your heart was really 'broken' you wouldn't be alive. Lol.
I enjoyed sharing my perspective on the 5th CD race with the Indiana Chamber of Commerce today.
please follow me <3
Eating alphabet soup my favorite!
You should let me love you.
For May 3rd-5th, avg rates start from $324+tax. Valet parking is $43 per night (incl. tax) w/ unlimited in and out priveleges.
So, both are right & we have a choice. I'm sticking with "nitch."
our curator is headed to SXSWi to find the latest and greatest in
Hulu plus on the PS3. It's a time suck, that's for sure.
RT #Senate Franken lauds decision to keep rural post offices open in Minnesota - Franken said something I agree with? Oh no...
I was right outside the Pru when all the lights went out. Def thought the world was ending for a second.
I have A LOT of goals set for myself, ! Singing is one !
KFC chicken for tonight, yippe :D
Awesome- hope to see you sometime soon!
Put a museum in Chavez Ravine and fans would ride the "Dodger Trolley" even on non-game days. Make it a true baseball mecca.
RT : TOUCHDOWN POWER!!! Randy Hymes with the score!!!
Launching a site today-the last of the big backlog of projects is done! On to new exciting projects now! Finally! Woot!!! :D
thanks girl !
Yessir! Let's get it! “: Good morning!! I woke up humble & HUNGRY today! :) Nothing's gonna stop me... #successgrindSWAG”
TONIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE EXOTIC DANCERS FROM CINCINNATI LADIES FREE TILL 11 $10 ADMISSION
Wow. Organizing a move is time consuming. 27 days.
Okay cool. I figured you probably knew that since you're pursuing psych.
Time to expand our video-graphic skills. Need a model that can dance, walk a catwalk, and do stills.
Do your own paper, get an 88. Help make someone else's paper perfect, they get a 98.
In Philly right now, is Ginos a good place to get a cheesesteak?
don't know how much longer i can stay at work... i hate tax season hours
Well am proud that fixed my keyboard of computer on my own
Pres. Obama & Michelle Obama travel to Ft. Stewart, GA to visit troops.
wait, something looks different about Twitter....
: sorry 4 the delayed reply! I'd recommend buying memberships to some key clients' Museums. Projects going well! How about you?
Wishes I wasnt such an inpatient person.
So far we've covered Dylan McKay, Hypercolor, Crystal Pepsi, Zack Morris's phone...what '80s/'90s memories make you smile?
It's so hot today! BUT idc! ^_^
Those who lack courage will always find a philosophy to justify it. ~ Albert Camus
isn't 2 buck chuck the obvious answer?
#IfITellYou I'm going for a run... that is not an invitation for you to tell me how much you HATE running. It's actually the exact opposite.
GE Tag Your Green. Check it out
#JBTSWebinar Knowing your audience: Put yourself in their shoes. What if you were the decision maker? What's in it for them?
Thank you! Nice to tweet you. :)
Today's Jim Henson Google Doodle is pretty cool!
Who did you pick to win the NCAA tournament? Anyone pick the CSU or CU?
I cannot wait to go back to school and see him again.
So no one famous then?
28 away from 200! RT if you want to #findacure! We donate for every follow bc inspired us to #makeachange! #NEVERSAYNEVER :)
Too hilarious! Watched it about 4 times lol
Goodnight moon<3
:) lol were corny
that's so cute! :] &hearts;
yes she is
I'm going to Beverly Hills for the first time next month, what's a great hotel to stay in????
Oh, greetings to my non-sox fan followers too!
Thank you for following guys! Hope to get around to tweeting you all. If I missed ya don't be afraid to strike up a convo. I love to learn.
yes u will cry that is for sure tears of joy I have dang tingles already lol
waiting for my mothers day gift from my favorite son
I have hope that one day twitter will aloud you to post gifs in place of photos.
I love the size and weight of my nook simple touch, and want the full capacity of a full tablet (Asus Transformer).
Everyone have a safe and relaxing weekend.
This guy...RT : I'm here! Outgoing president and incoming VP of Chapter Development.
i got my tickets!!! I CANT NOT WAIT! 100 more dayzzz ! Like i wanna cry, you guyz r my insperation & i love youu al.
Thanks for a fun night- viejo perro!
replaced a 10 yr old linksys router with a new airport extreme. Livin in an Apple world these days:)
The "We're Not Going Away" Rally. Noon. Rotunda. You know the drill.
horse-shit refs likely just cost the Pacers game 4.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.
if u got one ready jus email me the song wit a space for me on it or send the beat and we can make it happen
He who would leap high must take a long run. - Proverb
I miss you!!!
#sdmayornp "arts and culture needs to be defended in its own terms"
Right?! I can just listen to it on repeat myself. Do you have the one with the bonus tracks?
Thanks for connecting with cultureID. Your project looks interesting!
gaah me eitherr ! Getting ViP and Meet n Greets too :DD
It hurts when two people who love one another have to let each other go because they will never change.....
$5 glass/$20 carafe Sangria, $6 Small Bites, $7 Select Wines, $3 Craft-Style Beers + plenty of parking = The Perfect Happy Hour Spot 5-7pm
#martawoodhull , session singer, vocal arranger is voting YES on #SAG-AFTRA ONE UNION
Scrambled eggs at 9 PM, woo!
Don't forget to get your, classic slice t-shirts and gift certificates, for those special pizza fans on Xmas list.
The most expensive gift for a woman - attention! And there is such a gift cheaper than any other!
I hope everyone is ready for The New Guilt! Check your inboxes for invites to our upcoming shows. Heads up 16th @ Birdy's Be there!
Thanks for the RT! ;)
I'm with you. Just tired of our candidates being chosen for us before we even vote in the primaries...
Beer is now cheaper than gas. Drink. Don't drive.
Otp With My Favee . .
I just tried it..... and your right!
The latest in a long line of Lockhart track stars is coming to ATX for the State Meet. We'll hear from UT signee Nate Jones on #Fox7 @ 5
Officially in love with my Blendtec. Kale, avocado, cucumber, mango, kiwi & banana for breakfast.
I got another single-family 3/BR rent-to-own home. Located on N. 72nd St. in West Allis, WI. Visit www.HelpingPeopleBuy.com 4 more info.
nope, I've been their bro! Fuck and go!!
Hello:D shout out!!
Goodnight Twitter ;*
Haha, nice try. No Anthony Davis brows here. Miss me with that. RT you trying gun Al.B Sure?
Sexto? I take it you didn't study Spanish... ;-)
thanks so much!
#FridayReads is Henrietta Lacks, but only because I have to read it for book group. Not really my thing at all.
Moss and Johnson score 0 pts. What in the world is going on here?
If you don't care for you, then who? If you don't care for you now, then when?
Happy birthday, Boneshaker! 20% off everything today, food & drinks starting at 7pm!
It's a Saturday night and I got nothing to do
What to do.
I have to thank god for everything because I have a pretty good life besides all the bullshit
Why doesn't this hurt just stop?
Ate sum zaxby's & chips & salsa. Waiting on my dad to finish cooking.
wow the new design looks great!
Happiness is getting good work outs on the road!
hahahah nope I'm not a druggie
Just found it but it says its not available in the US...do you have the tracks on your computer?
A teenager behind me in Starbucks is crying to her mom about "her ukelele" and she's "tired of being misconstrued."
Oomf is such a loser ! <U+E056>
I heard that
Was able to park on campus for free twice today <U+2728>favor<U+2728> <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
great if u can message me on facebook that works best to talk facebook.com/mikemacdirect thanks :-)
To all you college students, good luck on finals! We feel your pain!
Complaint from speaker at protest: machines are taking jobs. My advice: stop complaining and go make something amazing.
we don't get 50 feet of snow in Columbus Ohio lol in fact we had none this past winter
thanks man, i appreciate it
Quick Fix? meet They are promoting "The new simple, easy, fool-proof method for any Magazine’s Success" :-)
good for you. I need to start doing this -- its nice having my old lj to reflect on things, but I don't keep a journal now.
You wouldn't.
You confuse me sometimes
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways respect his lady
Watching MIB with Remember how many times we watched this ?!
is doing a great job reporting on the Iowa caucuses (caucii?)
See you soon!
The Man has Spoken. Forget Houston! Sanford? Its official: you've got a real problem.
RT : : "An #incarceration program is not an employment program. If people need jobs, let’s get people jobs." -Gov. Cuomo
Im crying
#IheartJDFR. Bummed to miss it this year.
6 Weeks Until School Ends!! :)
We have many tine tannies to keep us from the rannies stye with us swags!!!!
The Teehive Staff will vote on our favorite design on Tuesday! Good Luck Posting! Love your Shirt :)
I had SO much fun tonite w Kirk Lightsey,Martin Jakonovsky and Mario Gonzi in Bonn!! Thank you guys,you were fantastic! <3<3
i guess this shit aint gonna stop wish it would tho.. #wishfulthinking!
best description i've heard so far! i might be able to do something with that.
Hello everyone, sorry for the delay! Voume 15.16 - 15.19 is ready to be consumed. You know where to find it =)
Thats Dope (: , I Thought You Were Dominican .
in Las Colinas
do u like teaching a rook a lesson on the field or a cocky vet.
that stinks! Is BTR going there this Summer?
I LOVE YOU!
My gynecologist thinks I'm a dude.
but the commercials **during the play** are very annoying
They were looking for your "Future Parkhurst Fan" t-shirt! Thanks for that wicked Q&A w/ at on Sunday.
Go team <mkcs
So many people that I am a lucky girl and they are right:) Because I am blessed#Talk SHow # Entertainment
that's good. I'm glad it did.
How bout those Hoosiers?!!!!
A decisive Football victory for Homecoming. So sweet. Love & Honor!
Thanks lady! Did you have a good day?
don't let them do it, that's an excuse to buy a new tool!!!
A person who never been to church in they life ain't scared it's a difference in saying you believe and actually believing
The and joint conference is officially underway!
Cat + darkness = speed bump
If you ever see me in line anywhere, do yourself a favor & don't get behind me cause I pick the worst lanes EVERYTIME!!!!!
Great ads make bad products fail faster.Buyology
Ive only fell in love once. Any one care to make fall in love twice?
You'll probably miss the simplicity.
A pal just recommended "powerful and moving" book Escape from Camp 14, about escapee from N Korean work camp.
Thanks for the RTs and mentions :)
When I did it I woke up in the middle of the night and was so scared because I was hearing voices....
OLPC laptop designed by the current #bib11 speaker! OLPC now has a tiny plug in book server that stores 1000s of e-books-500 can use at once
do you know who's at the other end of the thatcamp info email address? i haven't heard back re: thatcamp web hosting
#BigBen is active... Regardless, I bet his rape total is way down this game.
We all know u were secretly hoping for that! RT : Just googled "nude boots". I got a nude girl...wearing boots. Fair enough, Google
Yep. Working on it right now.
OK. Good point.
If you can't wait to see The Hunger Games in theaters Retweet!!!:D
thank you :) love to see you again in the near future .
a checkered flag finish? That or an appearance by Ricky Bobby.
Headed towards Burbank for an interview for a script reading internship.
Happy Mothers Day to the best woman who carried me for 9 months in pain who loves me and always will I LOVE YOU MOMMY!!! <3
SD! wins Best Screenplay at the Oaxaca Film Festival & Best Cinematography at Newport Int'l Film Festival!! Congratulations everyone!!
yes! Hahah & he's used to me fangirling over singers.
Even better!!!
huge shout out to for working so hard for me
Travel day to Washington, DC for IMLS grant review panel tomorrow
okay...then you can get him to give me a part in his next film!!
Bix Club Burger (one of the best I've had anywhere), Fish and Farm, Spruce (best fries ever), Wayfare Tavern
#BackInElementarySchool Heads Up Seven Up was the greatest thing in the world.
Me: I'm gonna start doing all my homework Next day : -sleeps all day, never does homework-
I accidentally tipped over the whole bottle of laundry detergent in the washer O.O (FAIL-PWNED)
- Funniest thing I saw on TV last year #TavarisJackson impersonating an #NFL quarterback
Watching Saturday morning cartoons
when i look at you..
Hi my love!!! Good seeing you yesterday yay!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
I need to stop tweeting when I've been drinking.
Southern cousin on my turf,1860 silk gown in the works, baby chicks break out, & awesome gifts for the seamstress that I am, so goes my day.
Heading to my first ever event shortly...much thanks to for making this happen... couldn't be more excited!!
people dont listen because their scared of lyers
You're telling me support my commander in chief when in the last year we almost didn't get paid and now you want to cut our benefits?
Mission Critical: How Translation-Focused Disease Foundations May Save Medical Research
is #FIERCE at 5'10, showing America how to "smize". She carries a #teamtallgirls card. Another ex. of tall at its best! Be Proud!
So happy to see this moment! Proud of our troops, but what repercussions will this have for our country?
Does anybody out there have a connection at Maaco, Earl Scheib, or Heritage Auto Body? We need our bus painted!
No thank you guys !! Arrived early at Fort Lauderdale! EARLY! Absolutely unbelievable.
If Gasol + Bynum show up every game, they could give OKC problems, especially with Perkins hurt.
Proper indeed...
haha, i just met this kid that looked like justin bieber. ;D & dresses like him too. but when i asked him his name, he told me to fuck off.
I don't even know what's going on! Just keep seeing my TL filled w/jokes about some song. Too tired to look it up right now :-/
Thank you, sir!
Take out at four, gifts from Dollar store & fly market at five, cheap wine at six, asleep by seven. Do my parents now romance or what.
Little website update, new Youtube account, a hosted & embedded video, Twitter update, Facebook page touches. G'night.
So I can only get an A in j201 if I get a 95% on the final, but if I get at least a 68% on it then I'll get an AB still.
Resident Evil 5 should never have existed and instead we'd get Resident Evil 4 HD.
your tweets make my day :D <U+2665>
I'ma be all over my husband his lucky ass. Lol
Why do people call it a GREEN room when it's NOT green!!!
When people say "no offense" before they say something because they think by saying it they won't offend the person but yet they still do.
(1) It's a tax increase (2) It will have an impact on the behavior of those taxed (3) It a specific use that might not be the best.
Been playing with the beta if Photoshop CS6. This is a good version. Can't wait for the final.
.. You treated me like shit when all I did was be there for you :/
nevergive up on hope cause god is always here
Baron Davis gone have to retire
That akward moment, when you spill something at someones house....
Smoke a blunt then kick it like kung fu
RT : Luke pulled a lamp off our table this morning. I was getting mad, but then I remembered Dook lost - and you have
After Seahawks sign Zach Miller, get ready for plenty of Osi-for-Carlson trade rumors...
May 13 Amina Figarova sextet at the Bach Society in Half Moon bay, CA
Congrats Marina Micari at Searle! She received NU Alumni grant to Reduce Social-Comparison Concern in Small Learning Groups
Torture didn't find bin Laden, the Navy Seals found him under PresObama's orders to do so. He kept his promise to find him--thank you, PBO!
Go ahead and walk this guy marmol, no biggie
Under the Streetlamp on WTTW. This is what hell sounds like.
Tuesday, to coincide with us being the live board at Montreal140
It all started with a pair of Nike shocks.
I called you back and your phone was off! Call me or write! Otherwise see you tomorrow?? love ya broski!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 281
this is the reason I havent brought to court yet...i WILL NOT share my daughter
OK.....guess we will just have to go to grand rapids......see u there!!!!!
Watching Batman Year One!! Inner nerd is happy!
Done with the gym. Had a great work out! Heading home <3
no problem! I'll handle that!
RT : By the way... Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football! Football!
'wendy's: it's better later' means it's better when you're drunk, high, and it's too dark to see what you're eating.
I think this piña colada doesn't have any rum. I think I'm going to burn a building down.
The essence of teaching is to make learning contagious, to have one idea spark another
If you got 50 Young Jeezy's in the game running at one time, How can the real Jeezy stand out! He will have to re-invent himself or retire!
Getting up in like 6 hours, still wide awake
no joke: just got a one-min play for ATL about this exact combo of ingredients.
Love FitSanDiego running club! If you are training for a 5k, 10k or marathon, call and ask fro Sarah F.
dirty dancing in the moonlight
looks like I picked the wrong week to quote from movies that betray my age
her booty got SWAGG !
Beer me!
“Things may come to those who wait, but only what's left behind by those that hustle.” -Abraham Lincoln
Listened to a guy talk about his crazy theories.
Who knew soror Eva Evans was an OutKast fan! Lol
Going to see tonight on sunset. Stoked!
Let the hate and pain fuel you to your success
When our dog is happy and excited, he doesn't "wag" his tail... it goes around in circles! So funny!
you're not alone.
# LOVE it on a thick Rib Eye (any bees really) add some fresh cracked pepper. I have also used it on homemade pretzels
Judo Chop!
omg.....that's really ridiculous.
Teleprompter jokes, birth certificate references, and neocon pro-Israel rhetoric just combined in a very strange way during Bibi's speech.
TRS 80 computer. Those were the days...
Domestic airfares hit record high in 2011
If you were hired to run a clients #Social #Marketing Campaign, what would be the first thing you would do?
Out Of Difficulties Grow Miracles
All this money and the money is the motive
on Portishead debut: even on songs w/o bass parts, other instruments take up slack and "those frequencies are never untroubled"
For managing to get paint on your bra while wearing a shirt & the brand is Lime Crime Makeup the website is limecrimemakeup.com
Got some Condessa Sumatra coffee beans and Thistle honey at farmers market today.
From 2012 conference: What does effective teaching look like & sound like? Audience: collaborative, student-led, & teacher facilitated
great article tks
Did everyone get what they wanted this Christmas?
Great line! Isn't it funny that the book isn't avail on e-reader?
Tweet #1, who's excited for me?!!
not filing good, docter in the morning. Do not like this Single thing going on.!
My question of the day...If you had to be trapped in a TV show for a month, which show would you choose and why?
hey :) how are you doing?? Are you going to start Live to Dance again?? :D
who ever retweets this shit i hope u fuckin die u pieces of shit
I love days that piss me off before 10am.
RT : B!tch, i will punch you by accident on purpose.
RT : Starting off my #FF with friends
That's my boy.
Hopefully all of the passionate progressives who didn't reach the finish line tonight continue onwards... we need them!
Meaning the writers, not the politicians, don't make much $, right?
Obama will give his nomination speech in a state where gay people are second-class citizens in part because he didn't lift a finger.
Thanks a ton! :) what're you up to?
Rainforest Alliance-certified small coffee farms in El Salvador +76% yield 2007-2008 vs. control group +22%
welcome brother from another mother.. :b
Girls are so queer you never know what they mean. They say No when they mean Yes, and drive a man out of his wits for the fun of it. -
Thanks Brad RT : So true! RT : The grass is greener where you water it.
Avoid eye contact with his neck-tie. I've heard things.
Jealously is just love and hate at the same time.
if the #Packers move into the third round I might shit a brick!
That sounds wonderful, I would love to visit soon!
Can anyone take me to school today?!?!???????
I like this song "Try not to remember" Sheryl Crow..So beautiful..
How I tweet my own line wrong?
Is the key understanding that SM is a tool to help not the answer when it comes to learning?
There's a movie on my instant queue about prison sex. Not surprised.
Oh lord idk what possessed me to wanna run a update on my iPod knowing it takes 9 yrs .
RT On progress: every little bit helps--and every little quit hurts.
Sign up for #zombie games in Shelbyville #Indiana @ Sheepish #Grin!
No feeling guilty! Today is a brand new day - no mistakes and no guilt - just writing! :)
Good things are on it's way... I can feel it.... YAY!
Way too long since seeing , a true mentor & superb communicator. Happy birthday Kathleen!
has taught me to #believe in my dreams. one of my dreams is for him to follow me!
Thank you sweetie.
The #NFLDraft really begins at the 4 spot. RG3 is going next and Trent Richardson will go to the Browns at 3.
Head to Times Square tomorrow to see #Honda's new #3D #billboard. They'll supply the glasses to view the
alcohol completely explains this conversation
Pats. Eli sucks.
Happy Mother's Day to the only Woman who could handle raising the storm known as Me with Grace & Style! ;) Love You Mommy!
awe love you kortgirl
Pants. (But seriously, a nice shirt & pants. Unless it’s hyper-corporate, when I’d break out the suit.)
Win the lottery commit your life to Christ. Join us 4/7 with Fundraiser
Tell friends and fam to follow me on twitter! I am an upcoming R&B Producer
Everyone is at Albivi and I am just sitting here watching A Cinderella Story wishing that Vincent would be my prince... ):
PSA : All prime time programming tonight will have an annoying, obnoxious & probably inaccurate crawl, squeeze & banner. It's election day.
omg I can't even think about it!
Hit up for info on being featured on the Southwest Wire.
HEY. Hey yeah thanks for supporting me :)
Oh yeah Chargers football is back. Superbowl bound baby.
Thanks so much Andrea. I'm sure they're a good person, I don't want to get anyone in trouble, you guys are great.
Everyone go follow , please! (:
doing taxes on Saturday night - St. Patrick's Day is the worst idea ever. Then again I stayed in and had a #PBR with my pug:)
Rugrats go wild!
Listening to music on
Serious collective sympathy for fellow western folklorists afflicted with jet lag & up in time for the conveners' breakfast - 3:00 am
I need to move from the necessary to the sufficient.
Phone charger is jacked up
Cool, keep me posted on how you're using it and how it's going!
is looking for a #running coach in the area. Anyone have any connections or ideas? Email if you do!
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to.
Goodnight everyody and
Game 2 of semi-finals starts in just about two hours. Come support the Mavericks! (I have two extra 4th row tickets for sale)
i'm sorry, people do make mistakes (loads of them)
Economist #Allen Nevin gave a great forecast and detailed presentation to our Rotary Club regarding the economic Health of San Diego.
i'll try to keep twitter updated.
Who decided on the CC licensing? We're considering doing the same on a big digital local history project
I DO
Same here. Or lack thereof, haha.
it's muggy as fuck. not as nice as that made it look.
Chek or Big K brand. No doubt.
West Coast Swing is happening right now at Dance Bethesda. A good crowd tonight.
Downloaded It When I First Heard It Bro!
My tia replied!! :O
Shhhhhhhhh! Don't look like you want it, and it will come....
Dave Baer hauls in a long huck from Sean Murray; another easy goal. 19-14. pulling away
Waiting for the little one to decide to spring into action.
Sounds like it. That's my new favorite song. lol
The miles between us don't matter cuz one day we will be celebrating together again,
Charles Grant STILL WEARS WOOKIES..
don't do that to me either! #saddening that I wouldn't been able to a groomsmen lol
thanks man...
I thought we were past the whole 'being mean to each other to look cool in front of people' thing. Guess not.
Greensboro nc celebrates farmers, Carolina bbq at its best, chic smart denizend
RT : Great job
Today's #health #smoothie is delish! Celery, apple, carrot, tomatoes, yogurt & 1/2 c cold water. Freeze some #vegetables or #fruits for ice!
*People only see what they are prepared to see.- Ralph Waldo Emerson
It's been real for Amare
it's such a beautiful day
they gon miss this plane,...
DS: thats the fight we like to see Dickson!!!!!
Don tell me its okay wen its not
Watching "Golden Girls" before bed. :-)
- thanks for the RT -- best to keep regrets to very few -- they will bury you and you dreams
Senior population in San Diego to grow by 145% by 2050. Better make your museums accessible!
When life gives lemons.
Pumped for concert !! Thank you Alumni Association for free tix!!!
you're right! She doesn't!
where you been girl?!? I miss you'n shit!!
#FF Family food love!
Happy mother's day RT : Bergen just slapped me.
#KingsIsland40 the general
Anyone selling any land? I've got someone looking to BUY some hunting land around the Wausau area with a building already on the property.
Catch me tomorrow night at 10pm SHARP. All my NYC fam lets shut the place down!
*walking to your house*
I never believed in love at first sight, never believed until I saw you that night. <3
So we got them I talians,with their samba duo & the Swede. Golf clap everyone. Then I tip my hat & spark that dutch.
Yeah, people will go to great lengths to ensure that most precious of "rights". The Right of Superiority.
Stunning, you wonder!
ahh your human just we shall kill dragons at dawn :p
I'm alive so I'm doing well. How are you?
There is a book God!!! Both copies of Jimmy Carter's new book on faith are spoken for!!!! It's really a good read
@ another casting!! Keep it coming :)
Doubt Yes Less
I signed it #VerifyBrandonRoach :)
omg, lady, you always fill my morning with #TeamCallen greatness! Thank you!
me too.
Nice poke out by CP3 though.
Inspired me to make one of these. But how does this work?
oh wow! That is so great. With all of the options these days in education it hard to say no :)
If you love me help get #webelieveinmiracles trending.
its sure did, wore it already!!! I love it!!!
take your break, come back a beast!
Vegas people hook me up with a job in a casino
not 2 sure if i like the direction cod: black ops 2 is going....but hay....still gonna get it
": Yo do u have any music out ?? " <<< mixtape drop next week on
Did you find Hebrews difficult? I haven't started mine yet, nor looked at the prompt...
listening to the Coachella Set. I NEED to see him this summer LETS GO!!!
The Broncos best QB today was Carson Palmer
Wishing all of you a very awesome holiday season!!!
Met with my advisor today. She is awesome.
I think I've decided I want to be Cee Lo when I grow up.
IS THE BEST BAND IN THE FREAKING UNIVERSE!!!!
You RIGHT just like that
Love the 2-tone trend?? Try this awesome DIY from !
Glad #Weiner did not resign. I like that little freak.
Got beat up by my bike earlier, have a cut on my knee from it. <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00B2>
SURF Report (Pacific Beach): 2-3 ft + knee to chest high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
I have heard many ladies swear by it. Let me know if you like it.
farts smell like eggs and protein.
I love and at :RT , love that record.. love , love , love ...
Hey #FantasyFootball fans! The girls are here with Week 11 to push you towards the playoffs! www.hottubsleeperpicks.com
The Monkees - I'm a Believer [official music video]
This fucking milkshake made me sick; i hate you Dairy Queen.
Goodbye summer, hello fall!
lol nun much jus koolin..hell u been up to
i just got attacked by a huge fucking beetle and i screamed and cried and ran and stripped any my neighbors are such assholes
only if you trend #LiamPayneFollowmaaaaaaaary1D xx ;)
Hmm write about Foucault again or watch Made in Chelsea...?
Packers are finished
what are you tlaking about i see your icon every day
I agree on that it sounds really inspiring RT : Failures do what is tension relieving, while winners do what is goal...
I'm happy now, he's talking to me(: I missed him a lot <33
I am looking forward to watching people run the warrior dash tomorrow morning. But not sure about running it myself...
thanks pal..
that image is too cute!
It’s Museum Month ! Spend the days visiting San Diego museums for a half-entry price then enjoy a relaxing dinner with us.
RT if you have never sent death threats to any of Justin Bieber's girlfriends, friends, family or crew members. <U+2665>
SFO! :-D GONNA HAVE A BLAST!
hopefully I will see you on June 25 at
I will be there tonight!
Your callin other dude pretty as if you're not LOL!!
Its a LeAnn Rimes kind of morning
Volunteering should be volunteering, does not require government funds
I'm always making dinner for my dad <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A6>
pictures. Now. I need to see how much she "loves it."My dog would freak out.
In LOVE with Brooke's dress tonight on #DWTS results show! Stunning! :)
when are you coming back from seattle? p.s. don't bring more rain with you!
Mommy, Where Do Donors Come From? tells us like it is! Stop buying lists and build yours from scratch!
Oh ... Happy Mothers Day To All The Mommies <3
Still need plans for the weekend?? Go support your local black theatre
The capacity for silliness is a vastly underrated skill.
WTHeck? Is Royce auditioning for something? She's off the charts with this ish...I said I wasn't watching anymore didn't I...lol
What time you thinking? I would love to hang out!
Ceelo! You are a genius! Why haven't I thought of wearing silk pajamas to work?? Next time...
good night!
I'm getting better each day! Thankfully it wasn't the kind of surgery that requires 2+ weeks recovery.
can you follow me back...?:/
Happy Holidays! From your WebDAM family
Apparently it's purple top, blue cardigan day here at the library.
i live n vagina
My thoughts exactly! RT "YOU NEED A PRIVILEGED PRETTY GIRL?!?" Is she SERIOUS?
& the hoodie to match.
cheers to you!
Looks better now too.
This is the Quote of the Year!!! "Just once, I'd like a chef to admit to a "Sysco truck-to-table" concept."
o for masuclsnt
The intermittent wi-fi? That's my fault. I absorb electromagnetic energy to fuel the Tether.
I just had to get my final approval in on a scene before the end of the day! Congratulations again!
Trying to track down some missing issues of jrnl vols so we can bind complete sets. Hopefully jrnl eds can spot us a copy #wishfulthinking?
Yeah. I saw some of that last night. I thought the idea of livetweeting an opera was pretty cool...the execution hurt to watch.
Doesn't it also go down when there is a "State of the Union" address? Oh wait...............
9 more days of school. 13 in all. I can do this.
Nothin can get me down, nothin can knock me down. I stand strong, the Lord is with me
come out with your ladies in party
Spokane Chiefs can put away the Vancouver Giants tonight and get on to Round 2.....
She is. I texted her earlier tonight and asked.
Mumford & Children
Dear direct TV. I'm cancelling service today bcause has a rapper discussing sports.
Do I want to smell like flowers? No. Like Aspen Mist? No. Do I want to smell like a computer expo in the early nineties? Um, yeah.
Spending thursday at Knotts with with Nanda from Indonesia.
Beach Tomorrow :)
Releasing one, possibly two new painted chandeliers later today...
within the last 3 months, but my memory is funny. Any good article on the topic would do!
Letsall call for Carlos. GO. CAAAARLOOOOOOOS!
dang...with a dislocated patella, an ACL tear and MCL tear, Baron Davis needs to go on ahead and retire. smh.
CPS is on spring break this week, which means lots of free on-street parking! Woo hoo! Great time to come down and see The Big Shake!
I just direct messaged you.
Sorry about the multiple tweet, best friend. My phone is retarded sometimes. X(
Chugging along on our road trip. Just switched drivers. is at the wheel. Also, I'm hungry and bored already.
At least we didn't lose 10-0 like the
Say what you will about the GOP, but they don't start bitching their guy didn't also give them a puppy two hours after he made history.
CSNY is always hit or miss, but "Helpless" is such a bloody fantastic song.
I am a vocab expert, but does anyone have a clue what #boomshakalaka means?
The laundromat plays the best music so I'm the oddly dressed, singing aloud girl who is showing her underwear to strangers.
Watching the craziest show ever Dance Moms: Miami OMG this is so freaking funny!!;)
Damn..!! Dm me on here or inbox :-)
Crazy night with the desi kids. killin' it on the dancefloor haha
Little kids ask great questions.
Call me at (949) 262-0110 to find out how to balance your chakras & meridians by rubbing on energetic aloe vera cream on the right spots.
Learning about new technology through use of technology like Ipad games is COOL.
Ill admit its a bit sad but the privilege to sleep more than 3 hours at a time is nice.
Total Blackout is on SyFy.... Holy shit and there's asian twins
Check out this youtube channel for cool gaming videos. SRProductionsHD
depends on if they are my friend or not! Ha ha! Usually if it's minor stuff i attempt to fix it. If not, I send them elsewhere.
im excited to see you today.. yet i could also jus like..
#ThatsATurnOff when she says she is Confident... nah you are cocky
if they buy it
Stop complaining about somebody has 'burned' u, when u walking around handing them the match & gasoline! Learn 2 LOVE u!
I'll be sure to aim high after I graduate, get a job at LOC & ensure that jewel of a tweet is digitally archived forever ;-)
I need help writing a song!!
Angelina Jol-eans - n. - jeans that are just are just too skinny.
March madness for the next hour in math class.
killin it ! place is out of control
You need to know who you're talking to and remember how much i care...
there is no metadata, there is only data.
Have you checked out the new trailers for the NYTVF Official Selections on Youtube? #nytvf looks forward to being there!
Ok I will send over! Yeah I gotcha, that's all it is, is a biz degree. Not performance.
Ten minutes late on starting my make up. Blehhhh
I'll take you if we can go to the ORIGINAL Original Pancake here in Portland!
haha I'm okay year round!
#1DSexTape between Harry and Lou? Yes please.
A happy family is but an earlier heaven.
#hoodphrases word son!
It's not about where you take things from its about where you take them to.
Shout out to for almost giving me a heart attack tonight....
on the other hand, the "people coming back to town" part of that phenomenon is highly anticipated by certain people *cough*
It's no "Call me maybe".
u r definatly smoking hot! Everyone should follow if u like sexy girls!
and they wonder why the age of broadcast tv is over...
Yummy!!! RT : A Polito's favorite, our Buffalo Chicken pizza !
lolz..nope i never got anything..
I can't survive being a firefighter, I need to be a rapper or something
Are co's responding to your survey long-time users or new to SM. Being new to SM may skew operational vs customer emphasis
might be able to meet you real quick if it's early enough.
“: From your lips to God's ears. RT : Matt Leinart will lead the Texans to the Super Bowl. Write it down.” lol
Nobody compares to you.
Exactly.RT : Blake gets away with a push for the O-Reb, but you're not guilty until you're caught
Just dropped off my books to Juvenile Hall. is about to inspire 20 inmates to carry something different with them!
nm just revising my speech and u?
Beautiful and sad. Discovery final touchdown.
I had no idea that existed. That's awesome!
Soo This Is My Verry First Tweet (: Nice <3
RT : A great idea without planning, initiative and organization is just that: an idea.
Doesn't want to go to class :'(
Hey. When did it get cold out?
E.L. Or if, uh, you're too wasted to remember- it is not cheating. Because if you can't really remember it, it never really took
Thx Jim. I see you have a Nascar column? RT : “: Appreciate having on the show tonight.". Good show!
Random people alway say i look mean 0_o when you judge people based on their expressions, that’s facial profiling.
Dirty laundry is being aired
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!! #Mahomies please help me to follow me !!! MAKE A WISH !! and have more followers14
You had it right the first time...they better! Lol
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear all your moneys gone.
What the hell is wrong with me? Why am I so tired?
Anytime / every time! Stay in touch and let me know if I can every help out.
Year-end roundup ... 2012 focus
How do you spell chauffeur = :)
A #BFWartimeFactoid - today in 1951 U.S. paratroopers descended from flying boxcars in a surprise attack in Korea.
Just had THE BEST networking moment of my life. Reconnected w/ institution I started at Now at AAM.
Good morning!! How many Black businesses will YOU support today?!?
happy birthday indeed!
I have all the color taken out of my hair when I get highlights, LOL you're a writer you can use any word you want!
I'll keep it just for you ;)
I spent all of yesterday reading three Joan Didion books. Returning to reading the work of mere mortals today has been rough.
Brownies are being consumed, the Conversation is about to begin.
She came in the house like Shamir is outside I knew better but she was just so convincing lol
“: just shows people really hate Floyd. What Pacquiao said is way worse.” CoSign
That can probably be arranged! RT : any way for out-of-towners to get them?
I decided to start off the new year with a waffle for breakfast. I feel pretty good about it so far. I'll update at the end of the year.
What does it mean when you dream your in an obstacle course?
What a great night at Sheffields! Thanks to RUI and our readers for a fun night. See you all at Story Week soon!
To change is to think greater than how we feel - Dr. Joe Dispenza
Looks delicious. Are you doing Paleo?
C'est Parfait! RT My darling daughter bought me a bottle of as early Mom's day gift...such a good girl!
It's for a school religion project
The StoneAge boyz are rehearsing tonight... I'm bet'n we'll be hearing some new tunes this weekend!
There's still time...
I feel like Blanche is a mythical character of entertainment
Gnight talking it down
and have nothing to do with what we're suppose to be drawling. :)
Can't wait for Nashville
what's up skee
Am I the only one who is noticing that Roger Goodell is fricking orange?
i dont think so i return to at today
#ImThatPersonWho is really insecure and cries herself to sleep every night cuz she doesn't feel good enough.
Anytime Dude :]
Watching my baby Chris Paul play!
I need to start yoga!
hahah it was fun..... Until then!
I'm beginning to see that this town sucks when you can't get anything to eat at 11:30 at night. Miami is sounding better all the time.
One of the worst feelings is a sock that is wet.
: -- You are gutless. I will never give another dime to the Komen Foundation, or anything related to or sponsored by it.
Gomez fucked harder than a cheap hooker by the ump on that AB.
#arsenal fans can't even boo a former player properly, bunch of cunts
radio edit/street version/instrumental/acapella as well as his bio/publicity photo. check your aol inbox
Join us Sat & Sun 12-6pm for Annual Holiday Open House. Free hot mulled Wine, Food Samples, Wine & merchandise Sales, gift ideas & more!
Some CRISP trivia is coming your way! Stay tuned for your chance to win some free stuff...
It just really hurts when you're only 2 friends hang out with each other all the time and make plans while you just sit there like "oh hi"
hey guys! i think you should tweet us and tell us what to do with this page! we arent active enough! thanks guys! - Melanie :)
Know what's terrible about listening to The Beach Boys on a Tuesday in early March? Nothing.
What the hail? I'm 0-2 with the wildcard predictions! Both winners deserved it. Packers > Eagles tomorrow
Since only wants to state the obvious today (we know we're losing), I'll note the play of Devin & Hill who has dbl
His aggressive ass been on my mind all day. Smh
I have a huge ass.
Check out Gas Light Anthem. Rock.
The power comes when students help each other learn.
Roses are red, violence is due.
Ok, why does the guy have an egg?!
I wish it was a lie. It makes absolutely so sense, whatsoever. I hope it's an epic hoax. :-(
Unsolicited gym advice guy needs to be destroyed.
Rick Santorum said something offensive and made a complete fool out of himself? I am so shocked!
At home watchin the Saints game before i go 2 work
We let our in house sketch up guru know and he'll tweet you back tonight
Another flat! I wanna scream!!! <U+E416>
yeah yeah
Heart to Hearts on an orange bean bag chair
Thanks love!
I did it. I broke down and added DVDs back to my Netflix account.
Thanks for following, Randy!
just heard on Friday night
So rumors are popping up suggesting that Parks and Rec and Community are goners. I'd say NBC would lose viewers but no one watches anyway.
yea it is!
one of those days where I just watch the You Go, Glen Coco! scene from #Mean Girls over and over again.
To all my Twitter Fam HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY!!!!!
It’s December, you know what that means? The Fremont Festival of Lights is getting closer. Dec. 9, 5-9pm @ Fremont St.
I bought my mom a kindle fire for mothers day and she loves it. Love ya mom!!
I like Charlie :)
I wanted you to make me smile, so I had no more tears to cry <3
Waiting for my credit card to list the transaction first, if it does, ever!
and then they start fucking your friends
We are now offering personal mngmnt services to All Pro Athletes! Plz call 201-926-6084 for more info
just got a demo of our music video, and its looking pretty awesome!!!!!
Thank you Lord for another great wake up
#modernfamily was Great last night! Also glad that #whitecollar has returned!
Just refactored MindMender for the #iPad iOS5 split screen view controller. Prototype is looking good and very user friendly.
RT : I've included you in my next blog story- 10 lords a Leap (year) ing <Awesome, Send us a link when its ready!
You defy conventional wisdom!! How dare you!!!
RT : OH: "There's no such thing as coffee that's too strong, just people who are too weak."
I need a 3-day weekend in order to recover from my 3-day weekend. SIGH.
The rangers could be better than the mud dogs were in the second half of the bourbon bowl
signed it :)
Do not fear anything. Be confident at what you do and who you are. And then... Have fun in the process!
I wasn't really expecting much from this ceremony for Wake, but wow that was pretty awesome.
The Israel Soccer League cancelled all games this weekend after a brutal post game fight between Bnei Lod & Ramat Gan
Why? It's because I'm not dressed like an idiot isn't it? Hahah
Currently in LOVE with "Daughter of Smoke & Bone by + can't wait for the next installment.
3 La Mesa citizens, including adorable, precocious 8-year-old girl, speak 2 council about adopting ordinance 2 allow hens in LM. Eggsactly.
I'm not even really a praying person, but tonight I am. silent request please
Haha you inspired me! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I think that is mad at me for some reason I feel it in the atmosphere
Don't Know What You Got (Till It's Gone) should have been Cinderella's big 20 year comeback song after falling from their 80's fame.
I'll see what's up foo cuz I got a tight schedule.
Somtimes you just have grow a pair of balls and be a man... Now do it..
so what are the rookies wearing for the first road trip this year?
Waking up to two guys in our bed. ;)
see you soon hopefully Blissdom
Birthday licks get more painfully each year. I'm gonna need a cast by the end of the day.
Cool. Hopefully they were smooth about it and not heavy handed. Otherwise, good that they stepped up for their faith.
Always go with your instinct! RT watercolor is your middle name
Still time to make a contribution to the YSC & the fight against womens breast cancer. Riding 100 miles next weekend to support their cause.
You know, no matter day or time, when you get a text from it's gonna be good. L dot A dot.
Direct messages to you are "Forbidden" it says.
hey, I think your profile has been hacked. Got a few of those crazy messages. FYI :)
Plus, Bower can do only so much RT : ? not upset with trading down... But I don't know anything about these players.
Best Actor #Oscar to Jean Dujardin! Woo hoo! Merci! He speaks!
AH JUST SAW A PROMO FOR MY BABYSITTERS A VAMPIRE. new season this summer!!!!!!!!!! I can't wait!!!! :)
Info about upcoming signings will be avail soon keep an eye out here
Can I go home now thx
:( keeping good thoughts for your family today.
Adriana is making a twitter :D
RT : Miami next 5 championships...#period..... Stop the antics young fella lol not gone happen with KD in the league
One month from today, a new will be crowned. Who will it be? I can't wait to see another woman's dream come true!
They had better be INSIDE! I'm on my way to see them too and have developed early stage sniffles.
haha Michael's ice cream was the only way to grab her attention.
We might just head to Kohls.
why is he pissed? I missed what happened
I'm actually working on them. I love em all girl. Hott hott
"...and when you want to live how do you start, where do you go? Who do you need to know?"
Oil and tire marks be gone, so it was said, so I made it happen, and the freshly cleaned carpet smiled and let out a sigh of relief
this is very true
That's what's up, I have been reading every Thought into this Tour, Your a Good Friend will keep you posted-YoBoy-H
RIP DIDDLY DIP DIP DIP DIP IT WAS MY BIRTHDAY!!!
All the clothes at REI now have an SPF number. Really?
Haa nice it will be #epic RT " of course I may wanna shoot this masterpiece myself! TBD!
Oh Lord ! I'm tired of wagging my tongue with the tips of my fingers ; gonna take a brain-stutter-stammer-gossip break !
Know what's funny? Ppl get stuck on single issues re: politics. No one is EVER going to agree with you 100% on anything. Ever. (Psst...EVER)
have a good day!
What ever happened to curves? I'm sick of gaunt, flat women in pop culture.
signing off for 2 weeks, back after memorial day!
What's the point of using the phrase "I was gonna say" followed by what you wanted to say anyway?
The last day of ass
Hahhhaaa! it's okay white friend! :) LOVE you! :))
TY for following us !! Have a wonderful day! :)
Thank you Lauren!
Thanks for the info. I'll check it out.
I call dibs on not sleeping with
When I get new growth, my head be sore as hell.
<===blessings will come to u & ur family.
American Airlines seats have gotten smaller...I just know it. I know I've not gotten bigger.
this year was awesome :D
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW (: SHE IS THE MOST AMAZING SISTER ANYONE CAN WISH FOR (:
Party People El Pastor Newark. Thank you "Nuclear Harvest" for stopping by.
Robben!!! Keep it up!!!
um, youtube said i have 60 comments... i have 1.. imao
ew.. my brothers gonna be home soon.
": Dear Ryan Gosling, your face. I like that."
aight hit me
this paper sucks.
first 10 of what shirts? Haha
in fort Wayne next month
Spontaneously bought tickets to the midnight showing
When my dad plays Modest Mouse <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
prefer challenged ÷)
maybe "enough" is not a quantity
#Bitches in
finna send it now
Following you back :)
Help us get to 1000 followers on twitter today...please RT this & help support the Sunshine Division during the holiday season
hehe. if i weren't at work i'd actually run out right now and buy it and ride around town :-)
Too many good things are happening in California! At this point it makes more sense to move back for the next three months.
Sorry about that Sydney. We are taking part in the statewide tornado drill. Hope the rest of your travel is more peaceful.
Thanks! Have a great weekend!
Leonard Polonsky previously funded digitizing, putting online Isaac Newton’s papers. "One is aware of the fragility . . ." Bravo!
hey hey hey :)
So you call me and despite that every cell phone in America has caller id - you hang up
I don't know what I would do without NHL
PPC Salary Guide via Infographic
Full moon and The Goonies at 8:30p tonight - do we know how to have fun or what?
Hey Bret! Yes, I'll be around the 17th-20th. Also, would love to catch up via Skype. Evenings are best for me. Give me a day.
Have you tried Tropical yet? Isn't chocolate wonderful? I love it.
rockstar life :P
Are you looking for the Hitachino White? Name your local distributor and we will have one sent there.
Just finished pre production on "Fat Pockets". Loving this song right now.
My stomach killing me.....can't wait to get off so I can go lay down.....
When you say you're going to do things, please do them and do them correctly.
back at ya dude!
Wishing everyone a Happy Spring Break
Need to make nice with my stomach... it wins.
Lookout Miami were coming for you! GoKnicks!
Thank you! Hope you feel better soon!
mikey it didn't take me anywhere??
Playin on Craigs List. These missed connections are hilarious!
We dedicate our work today to the two KIPP students that passed away yesterday, says
Team sleepover with the palatine tourny champs
There's a happy hour going on near you, right now... let us help you find it: www.gotime.com and www.gotime.com/mobile
Two dollah High Life's all night here at The Grape Room. Get here!
Did I hear a Hurricane is coming? General and Roofing Contractors here. www.vcassociates.net 305-232-3344
I was a teenager when it came out and it was definitely lifechanging, lol!
You don’t need an exclusive broker to sell a property, but when selling off market only a fraction of the potential buyers will be reached
At least I've got loads of to watch. #Glorious tonight. Seriously, love them all!
I cannot sleep to save my life right now. Good thing I have a lab at 9am...
Jemele, I want to debate Skip Bayless. I'm not a celebrity, but how do you become a candidate to debate? Any suggestions?
GOOD LUCK! and all the other madrigal singers! :D
TIME IS LOVE BY JOSH TURNER <3
thank you so much for tonight! Was a blast!
SOME FACTS ABOUT ME no papers dont care working wall street
The world is always small enough to run into people you hate.
some dude on ABDC was just cooking! Haha
I'm offended to not be important enough for this list!
Ready for early morning chat, need be sleeping..smh
They are doing the Riggle in the streets of DC 6 in a Row!!! go nats!!
Smart MT : 502 at my "Team behind the Team" dinner! A gesture 2 show how much we appreciate all the people behind the scenes!
be there around 930 if it's cool
Not feeling so great. Sore throat & bad headache. Been on the couch since 3:00 and its not helping. Not good!
Niggas thought they had Hell Naw she mine she locked dwn she ain't goin nowhere yall just the side line Dick I own that pussy
swag let's kick it!
Oops, that seemed strangely Oedipal
Welcome to Twitter!
No problem. Here I got all excited that you were hitting on me but it turned out to be spam
used to live in Atlanta. Nuff said.
Being forced to watch slam dunk contest ugh
Back to work now lol. Ugh all these social networks and XBox live are so addicting!
Newt's gonna head upstairs right after this presser and masturbate to We Bought a Zoo until his dick bleeds.
Awesome, thanks
“: Cock RT : what did u have for breakfast?”<----hahaha
#jobcreators RT : It's hard for companies that have closed their doors (10,000 of them) to report jobs numbers, isn't it?
I just imagined being #snookie's kid and now I feel really dirty.
every guy has a hoe on the side...
OKAY!! In a heated discussion... Does SANTA CLAUS give wrapped gifts? Yes / No ?
Good luck tonight!
we're good just trying to get more people to check us & the video out haha
Dear world, I woke up on the wrong side of the bed at the wrong time. Thanks
Atlanta is in the building in this new video for "We In This Bitch," DJ Drama's new single, featuring Young Jeezy, T.I.,
If the Mighty Mighty Bosstones aren't in your top five ska bands, you need some help...
#signofthetimes #NCAA infractions.College players getting paid from agents/ schools(oh,wait)
haha well, that's all that matters in the end :)
Everyone wants to keep their home secure. It’s the reason we lock our doors and arm our security systems. But did you......
thanks for the follow!
How many of y'all actually worked for Vector tho?
If it starts to down pour during our Group Senior Picture on the quad, I say we all take out shirts off. That would be fun no?
After installing IntelliScreenX, my springboard crashes every time it tries to initialize.
oh i'm thinking of !
Jessica sounds almost like Bey.. I'm shocked. Nice sweetie. #Idol tattoo your name across my heart
Beautiful day in Brooklyn
Miles Davis for being the 1st rock star, Dave Matthews Band for their DIY initiative, & Duke Ellington for being himself!!!
when you got dudes battles at 1mil and females battles at 50,000 views, how do you justify that??
Congrats to TY Hilton
m purse so good
you know I'm not sure, first name is Scarlet but everyone assumes it's her last - I can't remember where Will comes from
you bring The Clap outta nowhere I be dyin'. Cats at the job be givin' me the O_O face all day.
Your target consumers will not stampede to your website, bc they do not know it exists.
So excited for tomorrow evening's "Kill Bill" marathon! Bring it on Quentin!!!
<3 RT : Your mistake does not define who you are...you are your possibilities. -Oprah
The Lakers are really good at home. They win games 3 & 4 then Thunder close it out in a close game 6 at Staples.
feels like the longest day ever...
Tonight @ 8 The Historic El Rey Theater
RT : #Taurus loves sex, so you better fuck'em good.
I really want to go to a Justin Bieber concert.
Quick! Better reserve a seat at a Romney rally, those livingrooms fill up real fast.
all i want is for the state to be back on netflix instant watch again. BEST
I'm considering trying out for the Jets Flight Crew dance team this year..
omg who told you that? how did you take that comment? so bizarre
I feel so alone. I love you so much never forget that.
Up! Doing some laundry, then off to to volunteer mid-day.
Ditto. Don't they know writers are tech-incompetent? If we weren't, we'd be working at Apple and have much better job outlooks.
Because I actually kind of like a lineup of Ichiro, Ackley, Smoak, Fielder, Montero, Carp, Wells, CF, 3B, SS
Also, I don't get why I asked for plural. I only need it for me....
America embrances mediocrity.
Why were you doing it? That was stupid.
youll make it as long as u get to the gate w shoes off in 12min lol
I'm just so glad that I saw my most favorite Metra locomotive today while at Roosevelt/Grand. I <3 YOU 210!!!!
www.panemoctober.com :)
Happy Birthday Chad
Stadler: Warhol in Popism - mode of listening as quantification, the ability of songs to be collected in mass form
What would teacher education programs look like to prepare teachers to teach 21st century skills (e.g. )
April Fools joke, right?
“: As you are now addicted to twitter ;)” nothing wrong with that though!
Oh my, it looks like is going to slow jam the news on tonight and will play new music!
Listen to mustn'ts, child, listen to the don't. listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the wont's.listen to the Never Haves...
crazy right?
Kennedy says civility has limited role in political discourse -- option of violence keeps playing field incheck
The membership component in your version of KidZui is optional and is actually something we'll be phasing out in the future.
You do good work, but crazy when lightning bolts and slippery barnacle encrusted rocks get star placement in you vids.
Tonight at Koots was quite possibly one of the funnest nights I've had doing standup
thanks Joey!
After a spirited series of volleys down the stretch, St. X wins 2nd set 30-28 and takes a 2-0 lead over Trinity in the volleyball match.
Hello To All my new Followers , Hope you all have a wonderful week<3
website isn't working?
Just filled out a W4 and signed employment papers for the first time since 2005. I was a HS JR working at Staples.
thank you for the reply. Look forward to reading it!
Kick off at West Brom, lets go Arsenal!
super good y tu :b lol
yay i get to go pick up my prom dress later :)
Spending fathers day with my daugther!
blah.. when will i ever not be sick
Thanks for retweeting us, Michael!
is that article for real?
clocked me in my chin!
Benching V. Davis was a great idea. Benching G. Jennings bad idea. Oh well hopefully my rb's pull some points
Be grateful...
I wish I could read minds .
rappers are gonna start adding that 2 their credentials...*how many n*ggas u kno crashed datpiff 8 times!!*
I'm also convinced that texting has led many young people to believe that short stupid bursts are acceptable in business - wrong!
looks like the next Rebecca black
Cat: Watch me eat. Me: I have work. Cat: Watch. Me: What do you think buys that food? Cat: *nom* Me: Your belly shows this isn't a problem.
Today is the day for NFL teams to tag franchise players? Think #Packers tag Flynn?
Looking forward to dinner tonight at The Grille at Morrison House !
I wonder what bat Maysonet used for the grand slam. Didn't he break his bat on one of the pitches before he hit it?
Will do.
Fan hit by Cuddyer foul ball. Hearing fan was not hit in the head.
Heading to Mountain City for my sweet Mamaw's Birthday!
I'm really surprised that Paula was fired from the x-factor. The best part of the show was seeing Simon and Paula together again.
let a loud one rip at work today. the kids laughed. i don't care. fart, fart, let it all out, this stank is what im talkin about.
Free Samples!
GA will lose at least two major power plants in the next few years. Lose over 10K jobs and see elec rates go up by 10%
Stuffing goodie bags for Thursday's KSC launch #Nasatweetup. Cool stuff.
24k to Paving Company in MT
very strange, trying to fix that now. It won't re-upload for some reason.
"Malkin for the score! Scratch my back with a hacksaw!" --#Pens sports radio. Now tied 1-1 in the 1st.
S/O to Brittany's nasty pancakes she made at work!! LOL
and also just entered BluePrint Cleanse -- I'm a winner! pick me! See you at the shop til you drop fest!
Thursday is Green Energy Day: Sun! Science Theater, Garden Tours, Solar Talk, ElectriCITY, Green Energy Art Garden Artists and much more!
Stephen Hill!! It won't happen tho
ima go see you fuck shit up on friday, we gotta chill like the old days lol
you only have the hunger games?
do not know if I saw it, but I'm there?
Hey :P
Man: "Will you marry me?" Woman: "But I'm in tech!"
Pretty sure to my immd right forgot a minor detail this morning ..a toothbrush...his breath incredibly horrendous...
Yes, exactly!
Aww...It's OK, little buddy. You're still A in MY book! ;)
Check out our Buckeye Pancakes: peanut butter pancakes with chocolate chunks! www.eggfast.com
Somehow the idea to watch a classic: "What about Bob" came up & now we are pulling out the archives getting ready to have a giggle fest!
Start the week off with a great Chi Cha happy hour
Braves win!
I love Siri, but sometimes I feel like Jackie Chan in Rush Hour screaming, "Do you understand the words coming out of my mouth?"
Sorta. The principal figure in both photos was Jude Law.
#ConfessionNight I never ask for age. If she looks old enough, it's going down.
They won't, sadly.
have fun for me while you over there n congrats on ur success ma
I love to go all night, we rock the boat
Morning commuters really appreciate it when you honor their song requests.
you should be thankful you have one no matter what x
I feel strange not writing on someone's wall for their birthday. It's there. It's announced. Even if I don't care, I do it. :)
How's New Mexico? Hope you are enjoying! By the way, I'm part of Shakespeare in the Arb (for the June shows).
Also " renee from mob wives" looks like the grinch" lol
so true!
Congrats man. I already got it. Nice work. :)
Earth Wind & Fire SB Halftime 2013!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks for all your support!
#faveavenger either Hulk or Iron Man
BOOM...EXACTLY
thanks for the FF :-)
not so fast! We need you!
listenin to mr jones preach in african american studies club lol
miss you lady!
I just love how Penis claims to be her own inspiration. Anyways,#teamspringroll all the way. <3(:
Hoping and praying for the people in Dallas area. Be safe.
What a great set of games yesterday! Can't wait for tonights matchup! How'd everyone's fantasy teams do?
i didnt know you were an OKC fan...last time i checked it was the celtics
Lets go and that nickname was pretty whack..
The paper was laid down okay, removal may be a different story. Haha
just consider all the ppls minds u messed with. What a child,grow up. This should be a crime.
Congrats to Colin Firth! What a well-deserved win.
Keep hacking away, my friend. There's not a good poet who hasn't gone through these spells a dozen times.
RT : INTENSE! Love it! THAT was amazing! #Icried #thebigmeal ”
at cafe cordiale with my sister. the bass player is killing:-)
Dood! Shit mane I work Sunday nights and I'm not out til 2am or I would for sure be there homie
Pedicure with my besties :) happy last day of sophomore year!
<3 i miss tweeting you dylan:(
Best Commercial of the night( Audi Vimpires) Loved it, had me laughing
Come on
that is so true. What would I do without you as a friend? (:
this is a good game
Yeah but security was after me and there were meddlers I never liked that show and always hated Howie and Sharon a real bunch they're dicks.
45 mph on a skateboard is better.
I remember when I went to Italy with my mother & grandmother, we never knew who the guys were hitting on
Let's get high school drunk. (;
Yay! My fav!!! Thank you for the bday wishes. Hope you are doing well!!!
Presented by Rick Burnes, Inbound Marketing Manager at HubSpot
cynthia already told me you guys are meeting at 9 right?
Eating Salt And Viniger Chips So God......
Ok facebookers lets show some love and support......get your copy of Sentenced At Birth!!!!! Amazon, Barnes & Nobles and Lulu.com
Bout damn time there's a Bill Russell statue in Boston...the man is a living legend.
DOES THIS GET YOUR ATTENTION? lol, I bet you screamed in your head when you read that (;
yes indeed!
u to emotional fa me right now. But Dat shit is a song on da damn 50cent movie freak.
somethings we will never know !
I don't play that many games but I was playing Marvel Vs Capcom at a friend's house. But my favorite game is called Uncharted 2
Why Ice Cream of course, we serve some of the best Ice Cream in Old Sac. Everyone should come get some.
I like your denim underwear.
Happy birthday to the creator of #StarWars, George Lucas. What's your favorite Lucas #film?
lol I'm dead serious...but the killer part is it was shot in Santa Monica
-Preciate that bro. Im still rockin that Trilla joint too on the tape.
am in jail... Call my office if you need me.
Thank you much!
Kentucky needs to suck it up. Its a shame money will ruin a rivalry.
did you get my text? I need help, hymns...
Thanks for the intro!
TY for shout out
just great.
#Grizzlies Z-Bo shoving Blake Griffin for the technical...better cool it
aye what u know bout that?
Family and I were at Bdwy show WICKED today- thank you for a Great Performance -the cast was Phenomenal!
MT : Focus on OPEN data too narrow? To maximise use 4 public good & protect respondents should we be talking about ACCESSIBLE data!
. To enable customers & community to solve probs: broadband, data, metadata, open source tools, social media, ID, trust
I get the need to let students have a safe place to lodge complaints, but some kind of dialogue would be appreciated.
That's last text just made my day!!
I love
The Universe is the best. I'm so psyched for you!
Cats will be the hardest zombies to kill, with their -9 lives and all.
For the first one it's the sun.
Nothing to do today.
I'd like to request "Young Homie" by #mrchrisrene Pls play it :)
Looking forward to getting a "boarding pass" to check out 's new Titanic exihibt!
Hello hooker! Ready to gobble down? Some turkey that is! Oh yeah! FTW! lmao
yes ~! got ur email about 2 pen as we speak *and stop changing ur name so much. Thats 4 times today
no plans? Come visit me.
I still need to get on that book. Keep hearing great things about it though.
Is that your other half or your other third? ;=)
#nowfollowing and TY for favorite-ing our Tweet about #autism books!
and really just spoiled me with Insomnia Cookies. They really know how to treat a man. AAayye :-):-):-):-)
Nice trailer, that looks awesome !
. how does it feel being one of the few people to ever be in jail with George Clooney outside of a movie set?
Cracked salt & pepper chips are delicious & addictive. I could probably eat the whole bag and hide it at the bottom of the trash. Probably
Where is the one place in Milwaukee every Milwaukee resident should experience?
The golden shovel has dug the first scoup breaking ground on what is to be one of the widest used photo voting contest systems in the world.
Dude, stop lecturing me on how to fit in while in a foreign country and not look like an obnoxious American!
2012. Make a damn decision, & pursue it relentlessly...
Muggy out for no reason
so maybe I won't be going to London after all....at least not for the same reasons...meh.
I'm "ME" & sorry but there's NO WAY you can change that about me & I damn sure don't care if you like it or not
NATIONAL TV: Tune in to Fox College Sports nationally Wednesday at 7pm ET for an hour of SL - Spring Show & Be A Fan!
~ No! I was waiting for confirmation, & scored a meeting with an ad agency exec. about doing some regional ads! Its 2/28!!
Thx for tweeting abt Eric Dompierre & his family's fight for age waivers for athletes w disabilities in MI, USA! LetEmPlay.us
Pullin on my shoulder' but cant hold a soulja down with ya, Colorado Kings aint the type ta share the Crown with ya
Aloha! How you doing, my busy, awesome friend?!
My dad and i jamming out to young wild and free Haha
yeah its delicious! i need more things to go with it though.
no she got the joke right lol..... Still extra salty
Shorts weather. Bleh!
Well, she loved the rain more than just about anything at all. The way it washed her clean, the way it cooled everything off.
oh James..I love ya buddy!!
Motivation is an important key so im motivating me to get off of this thing and go the hell to class...
"Look at how loose his pants are!"
UW Men's Basketball team takes on the Indiana Hoosiers tonight...Who's tuning in?
Three great singers join In celebrating Mercedes Ellington at 52nd st jazz fest. At 6th ave. (antoinettemontague.com
Acoustic Stickam show tomorrow night! Hear songs that you have never heard before:)
so nasty dude.
Sending out emails to coaches explaining why I'm not playing college soccer<
i love!!! No really i do u stole my heart can i have it back plz u no wat keep it
RT : Just got a note from saying how much they love THE KENTUCKY DERBY cover! In stores now!
Have any dinner plans yet? Stir fry and strawberry frozen yogurt pie. Hopefully pictures to come!
I will be there keeping score, and secretly cheering on Garrett. Well, I guess it's not a secret now.
Lol Idk who you are dude..": I just left Seattle. :( we should have kicked it."
I am sensing a trend...same vibe at #PLA12 (for those paying attention)
the Coast Guard's Golden Bear is docked with 300 sailors in for some training. What uniform does it for you ladies?
nah was just listening to makedamnsure :)
ooh sneak preview of usa.gov redesign
I fail at spanish omg
More back to school audio up now in Samples and Drops! Check it out on #productionvault!
it's a rap
For all the PTs and PTAs out there... Limp to the side like your leg was broken... And let's test your range motion...
Welp, I am checked into my flight to Boston. I love the QR code text tickets. Great use of a QR code.
/rant over
Got a 8:45 AM out of Phoenix for Newark NJ
doesn't like to tweet me anymore.. <|3 yeah it's not okay :(
To do; Creative Writing paper, Outliers essay, AP English worksheets, & figure out how to get my Hope for Haiti track onto facebook. Meh.
I like Double D's She like Double D's, shorty can't lose, she play 4 both teams
Have a great start to the week today New York! Spring is right around the corner so enjoy the beautiful weather!
That I watch Cougar Town or that it moved to TBS? lol
Yes EAM! Don't leave your computer up & eat power-ILS vendor sftware requires tho-must change!
Great to re-connect with today. Looking forward to collaborating in upcoming weeks.
My life is a constant battle between my love of food and not wanting to get fat.
Fresh Flowers from my Company for Admin Appreciation Day!!!!! :)
"Your music is suck!"
Ooh...I want minions! That sounds awesome. :)
yay for you!
we use google apps here at trinity, too. so good.
-stares into the air-
Hoping he's able to celebrate it at Opening Day in St. Louis.
Oh man. I feel like I was hit by a car . I fucking hate being sick >:o
haha as long as youre not the one holding the popcorn in your lap
What are you grateful for today? I am grateful for you!
Anyone else notice that google maps has renamed Belair Rd to "W City Ave"? Is this true or is this a glitch?
SPORTea of course! Iced, because the weather is still warm enough.
Alright, heading to get my back to back 8 & 7 hour shifts on...
False. “: 8 hours in a car to Phoenix, dodging snowstorms, you know you love it.”
my nephew is fab
congrats! Yes! We are now ONE union!!
it's the cold medicine talkin...
please renew #Sanctuary .... Pretty please! Good writing, amazing actors, wonderful show... Come on... It's a no-brainer!
I would love to I just don't know if I can what u getting
what do you think about the internet situation in Lebanon? Why does it take so long to deploy decent Internet ??
no not yet do you know when they go on sale
I'm bored
Been on facebook and twitter for 7 hours straight(:
They should rename the "Best Music Video Award" the "Best Music Video Not By OK Go Award."
Break Legs! RT : So excited for a big network pilot workshop today !
An arrest was made on that case and it's pending trial. Thanks for asking and enjoy your Thanksgiving.
I'm so fucking sleepy. I wanna go to bed. I fell asleep in Art. I can't keep my eyes open. I need energy.
sure has been a lot of drama in the mayor's seat! RT : I just ousted Suren D. as the mayor of Pepino's Mexican Grill
What tough life :) :) . Keep it up. Thanks for your art and your humanity.
Thx so much! RT : #FF My buddies want u 2 enjoy #ABQ by slowing down & renting a #bike. Take a tour w/ them 2!
As we say our thanks this thanksgiving, know that we are thankful for each of you!
You like me out of all these people? And you're actually kind of cute? There must be something wrong with you...
Right back at ya!
it's good!
Boy, this crowd really hates Scott Barnett. He's pushing for reducing busing and the crowd's not happy
Wishing a very Happy 22nd Birthday to "Twilight" star Kristen Stewart!
I'm good 2 thanks (:
Damn. I was just getting into the music.
my grandpa is talking about lake geneva ! your coming with me this year :))
Sometimes in politics one must duel with skunks, but no one should be fool enough to allow the skunks to choose the weapons.
haha made my whole family Caramel apples... They were onions haha
Right back at ya!!!
oh mah Gawd!!!! You did not just say that lmao!!!!
Probably not going to live tweet the school carnival. Just saying.
Love ! Emailed them about a great new feature, and they responded w/in 24 hrs w/ a very nice thank you. Love when companies listen!
#scc75 so much fun. I wish I had touched base with even more people.
Hear, Hear! RT : Just like athletes receive media training, perhaps people need media training in this new digital world.
Watching jersey shore. I don't give a fuh
Excited for the Opening Night of the Hunger Games tonight and not afraid to admit it!
both are stacked with NFL talent. Bama more senior prospects this year.
You are aware of film "Farewell Etoin Shrdlw" about last days of hot metal at NYT? Would make great double feature.
lol u a fool
timber wolves!
that'd be some hot sex
okay good!!
Damn #NuReligion This Beat goes hard. Best work in a while.
You're taking a class in geospatial imaging? As in...remote sensing?
Some one please shoot me. I am so bored.
Why is it I can't stop thinking about you? xx
You're back ?!
I love it when they call me Big Papi...Congrats to the new MLB Home Run Derby Champion!!!
Happy Friendship day to World
Billy Preston: Outa-Space!
I need a car that is amazing. Suggestions?
pls DM us your contact info and we will figure out the ticket situation. Sorry about that!
Zacks Bull and Bear of the Day Highlights: Intuitive Surgical, Leggett & Platt, Bank of America, Morgan Stanley and ...
Today's tip: the benefits of exercise include having more energy, sleeping better, increased stamina and increased endurance. Do it!
just stopped by to hang her painting, and it looks amazing! We can't wait for the showcase tomorrow.
No school tomarrow again! Ugh
Move should be named the Big Air Fakie to Frontside Face-grinder... And it's worth more points the farther you slide.
This shit crazy...im really seein this shit for real
followed :D
We're happy to be partners with ! Thanks for your help to make #Chicago more sustainable!
Thought you were in bed?
Please follow me back ? I love you so freakin much ! XX I LOVE YOU !
Mirror on the wall, here we are again, through my rise and fall, You've been my only friend <3
2012 is the year of Event Dashboards. We have less money and time to do manually what can be automated through online services.
Common sense is the most evenly distributed quantity in the world. Everyone thinks they have enough.
this guy is booked all this month for shows at The Cuff
If you're free today would like to connect with you around GeoTrellis. Several more reqs for BOF session too.
i hate first days.. i'm so freaked out about tomorrow.
I'm up but headed to the gym. Get rest don't let those Lakers bother u. U got em next time
#milwaukee Live your passion everyone! Stay Positive and keep moving forward. If you live what you love, nothing can stop you!
pull ur battery it'll fix it
I like my music real loud, real loud.
did Amare play?
Absence of disease does not define health. Pain free does not indicate a lack of dysfunction. Get a preventative exam!
WATS GOOD YOU A 5 STAR BITCH I SEE SHIT WAT IT DO
I had no idea he was here. It was an expression of me being surprised by learning Tim Tebow was in fact here.
Im Still Heree You Just Gotta Hit Me Uup lolz
Listening to the #PartyRockAnthem at work because my boss and I have it stuck in our heads
Me...Me! Don't know why I haven't connected with you on this yet! may want to check this out too!
Pierre Corneille~ Love lives on hope and dies when hope is dead
is looking at photos of Sugarbear.
RT : I like ur technique as well...do u mix at any clubs out here?...I move around..I'm at the parlor tomorrow
So excited My Mother's Day gift is here from My Son's School!!
quarters tonight @ 7....game face already! ...should be a good night ...stay focused!
Stop flaunting your vagina around.. I know you have no good aspects but really... you're a little fishy.
there is always a frnd dat is there to support u
. I am saying it is two good shows with a turd in the middle.
Apparently I have family in Canada. Fuckin radd
Business owners can maximize their budget by carefully selecting contents that will make their customers
thank you <3
Going into subway & forgetting your not wearing a bra yolo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I hate when I'm around a guy I like and I just can't stop giggling -_____- I seem so stupid and girly
Plan to watch the Super Bowl - with every Giants jersey & every Giants score get FREE PITCHER OF BEER!
I hate this feeling....:((( somebody cheer me up please, crying on the inside
There is something in me that reacts negatively to the word "foodie."
Lol. that song is fly :)
Like big butts? You most likely have pygophilia, the sexual attraction to butts
Ha! I thought it was going to be a drawing your daughter or son. Not so much. ;D
S&amp;P 500 Annual Meeting Calendar, Week of April 30 | Living ...
I almost kicked out last night for the same thing!!
lol alright..I don't think ur going :P
Anybody stepping through the Water St. Project today? Anything going on during the day?
These donuts finna get wet
..from saying that yes a similar cultural moment will likely appear. But will still photography, book or digital, ride that wave?
I wish i wouldve saw your eye freckle..
We're going to need to appoint a Meeple Wrangler.
U like who u like. Don't matter what ppl say.
omg ME TOO! Jef with one F! And the fitness man. Die.
I'll take that anyday! up here it's 36 out!
a rock got stuck inside one of the wheels so they can't be used anymore..its a hard subject to talk about
Insecurity will destroy you if you let it.
Highlight of day so far has been watching a squirrel tear ass across the Church of Murray backyard during the deluge, all "AH FUUUUCK"
Are public universities not public if they accept partnerships with/money of private orgs? No. Public IHEs still publicly funded.
Face is on fire.
#ThatAwkwardMoment the trashy couple by you at the drive-in get in the backseat & sink down while staring at you. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I got a job interview request. The company had the word 'promotions' in it. I didn't respond.
you have the cutest face everr(: <3
What doesn't kill you makes you StRoNgEr
#MXpresidentialDebate Peña on poverty "we have 12 million new poor who don't even make ends meat" "We need new Social Security system"
There's nothing more contrived than the old, "let's have the heroes fight each other due to a misunderstanding." It's cheap and lazy writing
How do you balance your faith and your business sense...
Hi Betsy and we followed you on #MaxMonday :D
Frtst they burn books, then they burn you .
you just said the magic word
tehehehehehehehe you love me <3 we have so much fun
WHO ELSE IS WATCHING THE EPISODE AGAIN? C:
heading to Data Visualization and the Future of Research @ 3:30
Happy Birthday Mommy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
Idk if im going to church but i know i dont wanna go
lls You always try around me, I'm Boss
It was great to meet you and learn about your wonderful programs. Always so refreshing to get together w/ colleagues!
Can U Help Me Get lot Of Followers
The best way to water is to get a drip hose or trickle your hose. Try early in the morning or later in the evening to minimize evaporation.
Happy St.Patrick's Day! Erin go braless!
Me: "Megan I'm so tired..." Megan: *sarcastically* "Sorry, I don't care right now, please leave a message at the - FUCK YOU!"
Did everyone have a good March break?
is my new online shopping obsession. They have their Curve line and their main line goes up to 16 in many cases. Free shipping!!!
U n every1 who lacks melanin
votefair which has been correct the last 3 weeks in predicting results has P2 & Joshua at bottom 2
Headed to Western United's annual meeting? Stop by and say hi, I'll be in booth #1!
(Something is up w/ Twitter on my phone, I have been trying to send that for three days)
Should we make our scrubs in Royal Blue and Maroon to conform to position color requirements?
“Let them give thanks to the LORD for his unfailing love...he satisfies the thirsty and fills the hungry with good things” -Psalm 107:8,9
11 & a half
So my copy of CS6 showed up at work from it looked like someone sat on it. For the price they should have packed it better.
I'm hoping everybody is having wonderful Holidays.
Big game today: Miami Heat at Boston Celtics. Hope , , and are rooting for the Celtics!
at my parents in Dyersburg. I'm bout to head back to Memphis though. What up pretty boy?
Phone is broke won't have a new one for a couple
I have faith. But, this will be my last UNC tweets for the Season. So sad. See ya next year.
Oh no I'm scared I think I just clicked a stupid spam! If I spam anyone please tell me Stupid fucking spam
Tonight was the first time in my life I ever cried listening to a speech. Thank you President Obama for human words.
My gosh Aztecs! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
stop retweeting and the chicken little crap.
Fuckk you, and fuck the horse you rode in onn, -.-
Are you going to be as SLA?
Peace, love and tumors! #funtimes with !
JUICY FRIDAYS PRESENTS "FEMMES VS STUDS PARTY" NO COVER & OPEN BAR TILL 11PM!! ANYTHING YOU CAN DO I CAN DO BETTER!!
Need to change my username I guess
You're lucky I have my drinks after my LAST CLASS EVER to look forward to, or else envy would end our frienship completely.
you know what would make it bigger? If i was there. Sadly im not
it is beautiful here!! Love our neighborhood and school. Miss NM friends!! :)
*Raises Hand*RT : I need a designated driver ............ Any takers
Choice between curley fries and regular fries: always take curley fries?
I wanna be tan, but I refuse to fake bake.
Tired of being baffled by the narrative #wifilmfest selections. Hoping my last film of the week, that's #17, 'Elena' will be a solid bookend
Only two more Mondays of school!
I might have thrown No Limit elbows while listening to A$AP Rocky. If you were driving by my office and saw, I'm not sorry.
Second time with LOVELY MOLLY today. Some missteps, but overall a serious-minded, aphotic and scary film.
Having a blast in HB! playing Dodge Ball:)
What should be my next book? Urban? Motivational? Romance? Fantasy? Spiritual? I will let you decide for me.
I've heard there are a few left for Sunday. 635-PLAY
please do!!! Crazy rain!! Lol
anally or vaginally
At the movies with lizzy :-)
If you are accepted, Dr. Quinn Capers, IV, Dean for Admissions, will personally call you today beginning after 7:00 p.m. EST!
happy b-day braylon!!! Your mom's strength is an inspiration to all single parents. You go girl!!
Throw me in yall FOLLOW FRIDAY my peeps! im going strong wit 32 lol
Ugh. Updating. I should do that.
Knee.being iced at therapy. I could totally sleep right.now.
O my gosh me too!! lol! I have school starting in about a month and I totally just sit and stress about that all the time!
I hate when you just got out of college & you go for a job & they tell you that you don't have enough job experience
wow.. how did you get that?
Be Advised: there is a nasty stank in the Rosslyn metro
That was awesome! You have so much energy.
Congrats to #Aztec WBB for closing out the season with a win over Boise St! Time to cut down nets!
Hey! Everyone! How are you celebrating Milwaukee Day? Discounts? Specials? Events? I need to know.
Hey there! Thx 4 the follow!
Beautiful and sunny day in #SanFrancisco headed to the beach.
good looking
GONE WITH A HANDSOMER MAN by Michael Lee West (4/11) - a departure for West after a long absence, looks like a hilarious southern mystery!
Uploading my video
Add me,this is a mere trifle to you,add me
Loving time with family.
Big NASCAR fans ... huge Menard fans!!
Oh, an ice cream sundae sounds perfect right now.
Watching soundcheck for tonight's show!
#Avengers was the best movie I've ever seen
Why do I get a headache whenever I watch tv?
happy mothers day. :)
My neck hurts! >:/
damn boy!
I'm feeling all yucky (mentally) today. I think that means it is time for a hard workout. Burn off some of the yuck.
Since my bulls are done its all about my lakers
On february 11 2011 the never say never movie will change my life:)<3
he's magic
Turk didn't looks very good last night. I am concerned.
There's always room for me...and jello! RT workout time ... no Ferris Bueller
This is beyond way to early to be up. #ijustwannasleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
yeah it's really nice! Can't complain about that part!
Damn! is so fucking hot!! Every girl would be begging to be your boyfriend austin! Example.. Me : ) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F>
An actual function name in a library i'm using: catchDegeneratePenetrationCase
I agree w yr crit of culture jamming/prosumer etc, but IMHO there's something important here re: biopolitics/big data...
The #IdCapThat Stuff Is Freaking HILARIOUS .. I Was Cracking Up Al Day .
still awake and just looked out window, not a single snow flake. When will the madness begin?
I think there's a point at which money, influence & power become so blinding that people believe they control the world. Iris Sawyer
Haha thank you. I wasn't really looking for compliments, but I appreciate it.
RT Now that I have wished Pjay a happy birthday I shall go to sleep c: night biotchesssss xoxox <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
thanks for the retweet and follow! "Lapsed vegeterian." --I can relate!
do you have the actual link to the story? Can't find it
Almost got in a crash
We watched Downton Abbey before Walking Dead last night because in this house it's dowagers before zombies, yo.
same same
414.276.2337 x 103.... Are you coming back?! We'll hire you, very happily, in 2 seconds flat!
Woke up and first thing on radio is and Herm Edwards talking football...thanks guys I was jonesing
Did you know Gatorade contains soy? Well, it does! It contains "brominated vegetable oil" which is derived from soybeans.
Watch PLNU grad Grace French compete in Wheel of Fortune's “Military Spouses Week” on Feb. 8 on KNSD at 7:00 PM
Cooking some Great food
So close to our 1st GIVEAWAY!! Only need 71 more followers and one of you will get a super cool PRIZE PACK!!!
I'm glad your back on! Def. following :)
So #Michigan is actually playing the real #Ohio in the tourney. Still
Let's say hi in the lobby after, look for me. Loving life right now... :)
Ramon Sessions and Steve Blake hitting big shots for the Lake show?!?
I think you butt looks slutty sometimes.
Great! Ask for know when you're there!
How are Yahll ??:)
Seems like everyone who wore #GIVENCHY owned the night.
so than ya
Finally a free throw made
Morals in the T-Shirt Biz? RT Ruling in Rashard Mendenhall-Hanesbrands case could set precedent in regards to social media lawsuits
I'm so f*ckin tired of listening to Cuban music I've been trying to burn it all day long! I WANT TO GO TO BED!
I KNOW YOU NEVER THINK OF ME...
As soon as my lil brother reaches about 16 yrs old I'm goin to let him come stay summers at my house and fuck all the hoes he wants.
Thanks for the shout out , you will be missed :(
Now people know how it feels to be hurt all the time. </3
already takin care of buddy!!! You could roll sushi off me!
fuckin hater I'm doin orientation that's why I'm not working right now. Damn
I regret not sticking up for people more, and not being friends with a couple ppl I helped who were grateful & lonely.
No! That's AWESOME!!!!
#ICanHonestlySay I am excited for FREE Small Premium Roast Coffee @ McDonald's! Did we mention that it's FREE? ^Eugene/PDX area only
super excited! Can't wait to see pix!
Funny, right? I love this new camera!
I got a Honda that can get about 32 mpg on the highway...i can pay for it and budget it out
Im so high all I smell like is good
L's Up Fact!: Did you know that Weed smoking is highly correlated to Schizophreniaz?
*Puts on too much lotion* You: Oh crap.. *Wipes half of it on the person next to you* #SoTrue lol
That was a really good report - made me sit still and listen instead of "skim" over his words in my usual hurry
My prediction for May 18. 1.75 hours of crazy alien/naval warfare, followed by...."YOU SUNK MY BATTLESHIP......!!!" ann credits.
lookin like some crab legs!!!!
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Plak Smacker Denture Brushes and most oral care products.
My prayer for you this day: walk in the spirit of Christ, think with the mind of Christ, and love with the heart of Christ.
So beautiful in downtown DC this morning. The Capitol is literally sparkling in the sun.
This is BS!! I'm getting....flashbacks...of a little bastard named....Jeffrey Maier.
Ive dreamed of dancing on that stage since I was 7, the only thing I've wanted for those 7 years was to win that show.
The Drama Years book tour parent-daughter workshop will be held at Holy Innocents' Episcopal School tomorrow, Friday, April 20 from...
# Nuggs take care of Lakers, but #Av's and #Broncos lose.
lookin' good john
Being in 4-h>>
Can anyone tell me what the point is of Amazon Prime for TV/movies? Doesn't have what Hulu or Netflix has.
Homebuilder? Increase efficiency, communication, vendor satisfaction; #FieldConnect, FCMobile (iPad/Phone, Android compatible) + Collaborate
#alicebucketlist everyone trend it !
Lori Nix's 'The City': Dioramas Of Disaster - Huffington Post
don't give up! She will someday<U+2665><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Sounds like a religious hit squad to me...
“The shift from postmodern 2 participatory culture means ppl find..identity thru wht they cre8 [not] wht they consume."R.Bolger .
Time change. #Woah!
Very cool! Can't wait to check it out
What's your story topic?
On my way to the gym. Music selection today - MJ's Dangerous album and Janet's Number Ones! Tweet ya later! Once again, HappyBirthdayJanet!
I just rewatched that video. So. Funny.
nope my old man never reads my twitter so I can vent here!
thanks for the awesome itunes gift of
Eagles dumb
had a song scored for strings last week - heard it yesterday. killer!
Sounds feasible.
Red Orleans
So excited to be working with again. This time its a music video for !!!
Oh, come on--nothing's as bad as Soul Man, is it? RT It was almost as bad as Soul Man
#RealityCheck If you think that you can have a successful career without puttin in work
#NowPlaying. Common. Testify.
Happy Earth Day! Remember to treat the Earth with respect year-round by choosing to #reuse each and every day.
so it is a time thing? Show up late and we will get you in and out sooner... I'm the instructor
Partied hard last night til 5am..now back to reality.
Smoke then sleep gotta long day 2morrow
yes - had a limited amount available yesterday. Delicious.
He argues that counterinsurgency tactics have created irredeemable cultural rifts between US and Afghan people. Only solution is to leave.
and oh yah, im makin a song tonight, and imma post it on youtube, is my dj, soo when were done with itt, were doin a blog=D
Hope everyone had a great Father's Day
I am done! To much shit to do today and tree to smoke!
So sorry you're feeling sick :( Hope we can catch up this coming week. Get well soon!
Lets hope that big news for US is an arena tour here!!!! xD <3
sitting on the floor because the outlets are not near the benches in Block 37.
No doubt fam! Let make it happen
Texting old friends that mean alot to you >>>>>>
Bitter because I accidentally clicked a promoted tweet.
Michael's in the house; ride on over and enjoy Miami food and beverage stylings from a native... he ain't heavy, he's my brother!
Just realized I Have on two totally different earrings. Lol
How long will the Rep be in Milwaukee?
SEIU Paying Occupy DC's Rent
Will this be the last playoff game we see played with these OT rules (team can win w/o other team getting the ball)?
I really just wanna sleep in... But GoodMorning #TweetFreaks:))
A fly will not get into a closed mouth
Is that Russell Wilson's mom? 8o
Will Alana ever finish her homework? Tune in next week to find out.
I just want a conversation on the phone without arguing...
#dodgers turn on game. It's so lovely, Disney might be involved
wish you were at #aam2012 - esp 4 session: Interpretive Plans 2.0 - The Governing Document for Every Museum Department
#Revenge is back on tonight!! Yess!! Let's hope I clear all my work in 20mins.... bleagh
Its great to be home! Landed back in Albuquerque this morning at 1 am....
All boarded and ready for trip to Minnesota!!!
Why is my pet scratching? Not all pet scratching is due to allergies.
Private equity firms. Now that's how rich people become insanely rich. Note to self: Join one of these once you have $$$
my heart's big but it beats quiet.
We have success(-ish)! Rebooked on a flight tonight!
Remember that S&C is just a small piece of the puzzle in regards to bball player development. For every 1h on S&C, spend 4 on bball skills.
20 of Celtics first 29 shots outside of 10 feet. Of course, Rondo passed from within 5 feet on about half of them.
OMFG KILLED IT!! SO DAMN SEXY!!!
Go see eric's side project, CCTV (cobra cheetah tiger viper) at Mercy Lounge tonight at 10 PM
glad to see you using it d-o-g-g
right!!!! I don't get it! If you are you are if you aren't you aren't. Random but we need to reunite :)
HELP: Does anyone know any natural remedies for a bladder infection? Your help is appreciated.
Yay can't wait for you guys to open!
RT : Hairing the dog this "morning" with a pint of Pinot...tea, that is. () Hope your Monday proved worthy?
Absolutely. Back at you. Great to meet you and let's keep in touch. You know where to find me!
Had an awesome day in Tennessee with at the SonRise Festival... It was a good day to be outside :)
#survivor Can't wait for tonight's episode, Russell's move last week just another in his string of epic survivor moments!
The Secret War book has now been fully re-edited, with new content and approaches to the Shadow People topic...but with the same message :)
"I like to eat corn in a cup!" Hahahaha
that is awesome, very innovative use! I've noticed they do some cool things when applied to media queries too. CSS Animations rock.
Ufc tonight! Followed by live music, drink specials all night. Get here early and stay late
I think artistic self-expression is very important to teens, and tattoos can be a part of how our teens make inward outward. :)
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday today... You all are great people and look forward to see many more great moments in l…
K cool..
AT2.0, Update 13 includes performance updates for Assessments module (& 2 new fields) as well as compatibility with Java 1.7
no but i'd be interested to hear more ...
hey i followed u follow back please
#First20SongsOnShuffle 4) Hate Me - Blue October.
ask Mike why that so-called diva who really is a cancer named Seneca Wallace is still on the team.
I'm not certain playing volleyball during a thunderstorm is real safe....
RT ": "Why am I using a new putter? Because the old one didn't float too well." --Craig Stadler" ...so true
that guy was a jerk. To much time on his hands.
haha smart gal!
“Don’t look where you fell, look where you slipped.” ~African Proverb
"You know those hangover pills you can order on TV? I threw up a bunch of them this morning. I feel much better."
Your coconut/pineapple drink #ChangedMyLife today w/ !
YUMM Shrimp and grits??!!!
Ha. One of my preschoolers just started private speech & today he said his "other speech doctor" had the GFTA too.
I have a few friends who are over 40, never married, & perpetually cranky. Criticize me all you want, my problems aren't as big as yours.
#SHOUTS to my new followers .. thx for following ya gal!! :-)
Thanks for following
How much awful luck can I have
Sometimes as great as sleep sounds it just doesnt happen
Thank you!!
the people of memphis are WEAK!!
I get high on life and overdose daily on happiness.
I'll take the bullet for you
Hubby n I r both union members n sent a ck to today DNC needs 2 pony up
#ThingsEminemTaughtMe He would've did anything for you,to show you how much he adore you. But it's over now,it's too late for save your Love
possibly? We went to the same hotel where we spent or anniversary this fall...and then ran around Hudson, New Paltz, and favs
Mini-tour this January? LETSS GO
my words will leave you speechless Like duct tape
Maybe will follow us one day<3
TONIGHT, We watch SALO or 120 DAYS OF SODOM.
If you want to be in a Bieber fan video , tweet A pic of you and a short message to Justin!
please follow me back ?? :)
I wonder if friends challenge him to a game of
They're our first coach, the ones who teach us the meaning of love,hard work, and define compassion&so2all who made life, happy mothers day
“: I mean it this time, you guys. I have serious concerns about Coupon Suzy. We have to get her help.” she's a hot mess
What makes your life more fulfilling?
Love the new name! If you say it real fast it sounds like "fluency"... killer branding.
iPhone app downloads in U.S. iTunes App Store fall of 30 percent in March
In actual life every great enterprise begins with and takes its first forward step in faith. -Friedrich Schlegel
. takes stage for #ClosetSundays!
Only one up in my house -___-
Spend the money on a sharp haircut!!! Or mustache wax (glue stick)
Hope so! My gag reflex cant take much more of their spoon-feeding me #sheep dung. #NBC :)
I'm not in 4 da attention, I'm n it 4 da recognition! I don't do it just 2 b rappin...i luv it cuz its my #Passion!!!
this #starbucks coffee tastes like watered down anal leakage. fuck this bullshit
And the same to you!
NUMBER FIVE: Don't have amplified music that can be heard more than 3 houses away
RT : GO USA! Join for the USA World Cup game tomorrow! Wear Hollander gear and get a free Silly Pils!
The college I went to is getting a new AD. Looks pretty much like a younger version of the current one. Kinda scary.
I'm Only Ordinary Girl :_
Sky8 is reversing direction. There's another powder scare downtown @ sw 3rd & Sheridan on our way
12 ectoplasm scenes in the can... I'm heading home
UR welcome! Will b checking it out tomorro Heard good things:) follow 4direct message& will let u kno
He stole my crown, so I am currently not speaking to the Vamp known as ---->
Our Fresh Catch of the Day is Halbut! Our Patio is open, let us do the cooking and the dishes today!
Hey I love you more :-))
Join me at #startupchat ! “: For the next hour we will talk about Making Biz Decisions #startupchat”
Friday & Saturday.. <3 Can't wait
House sitting. I highly recommend it.
Early start before work.
today at skool we watched jumper, thats my new fav movie!! :D
With God all things are possible.
Doesn't anyone make a card that says Happy Mother's Day and leaves the inside blank? Is there a Kickstarter campaign for this?
what is your position on the effects of sea level rise as a result of climate change on Florida, answer the Q coward
Would love to see another SF Super Bowl appearance, but Giants-Pats would draw the biggest ratings.
Happy early birthday Karen...
that would be awesome!
Yep. Being metaphysical ": actually it goes with previous instagram"
lol I give in I am officially a stranger but I'm about to come back in a major way
The reason can hold his notes for so long is because he takes in oxygen through his beard.
ok but I might not answer cause I'm going to the baseball game then I'm going to my friends house
would you ever date a small town guy like me????
So much provocativeNess on my tl
the gentlemen were scholarly and the ladies were effervescent. Some boys smelled bad but we can over look the details. Welcome!
I don't think most Bucks fans realize that the 76ers SUCK right now.
Tnx 4 follow - meanwhile, & - may be an oped on Tebow in Sunday's paper; tnx for work & connections.
Storyboarding via mapping based on Wells's Time Machine: narrative spatiality becomes game space.
what you crazy its cold already
Laying on my porch swing waiting for to get here...
welcome. happy to be adding sweetness to a sour world... keep rockin. ;)
THANK YOU! RT : Real men wear pink? Shut the fuck up. Pussy faggots wear pink.
Somethin' bout' a truck.
that's what doggy style is for! Lol
You should like follow me back so i can message you and such things.. Just sayin :)
I love writing for ! Time to research my next article!
going to see the avengers in like 45 mind with Leah!:)
lol ain't we all lmao and chilled myself
It's my Lil cousin Birthday lol, Well she really not Lil cousin Nomore Bt hay!!!! (:
that santa, whadda dick!
Follow Me Back? :)
ugh I guess if I must
Don't limit yourself. Many individuals limit themselves to what they believe they can do. You could go as far as your mind lets you.
more friends coming this summer thooooo :))
I want to participate...lol
I don't get nervous if I'm surrounded by fuckable men
Our TJs Travels grew out of prior collab with SAAM, included Monticello & Poplar Forest ('house museums') as partners.
im ahead of tha game, no cheat codes
Happy Birthday Edge of Glory!
He has risen! Tell him to go back to bed, it's to early to look for Easter eggs!
(Brandon Holder) Live Friday Nov 25th!!!! Gonna be a great time!!
“: Terrible. Wind farms are provided permits by the US government, which causes the "programmatic" killing of bald eagles.”
I do sweetness!!! ;)
Luck has a flip phone. Hes def going to be a success!
Is black? Or latino? Or just a tanned ginger? So many questions in life!!??
I aint the sharpest tool in the shed. (:
The more you listen the less you talk? :-)
It pays off nice in the morning run.
How are you guys doing? We hope that you have an amazing Thanksgiving. Thanks for the RT!
Thank you! RT “: Brilliant lecture by at Klak last night. #thoughtprovoking”
Watching a kid at Walmart scream at the top of his lungs and the mom thinking it is funny/cute
This is THE week. Will Andrew Farkas go ahead with Grubb & Ellis acquisition?
Everything around you was created by people no smarter than you. Lack of imagination and determination is all that bounds you.
RT : Writer.ly connects writers directly w/ the team they need to self-publish via
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed. -Richard Brinsley Sheridan
hahahahaha. I've never gotten a detention in my whole life.
Mammograms don't Hurt as bad as a mastectomy . Get your mammogram today.
Nice! Looks gorgeous :D
lord have mercy
Got that right back!
Thank you, Ginny. I've had probs commenting on your posts lately...grrrr google!
Not at all. Never settle for less than what you want as long as you have equal in return. :)
you make it to LA in one piece? P.S noshow on ur friend for STK hahaha
pure audio or audio-visual? i think both are since humans have learned more audio cues as they've been developed.
I'm heading there in April! Yaay! ": priced #BA ticket to London. $475..went to buy 10 minutes later, was quoted $1,300 #suspicious"
75 Likes and I'm uploading. lms now.
RT : Q3. When have you adjusted an uncomfortable idea to make it fit w/what youre more comfortable thinking?
loves it. I haven't gotten the hang of it.
Yes what a game! Hope to see u soon.
Really ...? U don't have Chris Paul in your top 10 mvp candidates?
Celebrating my mum at tonight. Love you, mum! Thanks for all you do!
#newplay New ideas? I'll try to shout it out!
Heh, small world. Great to see another doing right by the KcM brand. :)
Love to our followers!
WATCH ME FROM THE BENCH
Did you know: Castle Garden's was one of the first buildings to install gas lighting in 1825?
ive been steadily writing, recording and improving for 7 years. On my new mixtape im gonna really show my versatility and what im capable of
HCA rules in Public Trustee of Qld v. Fortress Credit case involving construction and application of Ch 2K of Corps Act 2001: [2010] HCA 29.
Fitness needs to be perceived as fun and games or we subconsciously avoid it
My 3000 tweet goes to all my followers love ya
it is, the speed bump is good, but the screen is beautiful.
Herro fwiend. I is half a bulldog and half Scottie. Teach me to skate pwease.
Get a great lunch this Friday at , guarantee your spot for only $2
In love with
You are who yu think yu are
I got u!
I'd join WPPI for the PI not WP...can't do the wedding thing. Y'all's images are fantastic though! Leave it to you experts :)
Air boating in gator country! Typical Monday.
Where can I purchase tickets?
I think i need an upgrade on phone soon
Happy Birthday to ! Giving her bday love on multiple social media platforms today.
I'm #immortal remember ? ;) “: too long. Can't even remember the last thing I saw. #lifegetsinthewayofmovies”
i feel sorry for immature people tbh..
Want to ruin your Saturday with daytime drinks? Baranof at noon!
much agreed with the lowlights.
"It's just a little lion!" - Pumbaa
I just gave this dog a tail boner
best cover i've heard if the song. <3it!! you sang it with so much emotion, almost wanted to cry ..miss ya!!
RT : its amazing how productive sunday can be when you're not hungover or tired.
10 Rubicon beers on tap tonight plus firkin of MI-5 is the best list in Sacrameto
Don't run, hide, ignore, or disown your problems, confront and solve them
Don-out of his doldrums? Will Peggy become Don's empathic, understanding Anna Draper? Great episode
the previous post is to any who dare to visit or "drop by"
Closing on my house 11 am Tom, :) :) never been so happy in my life!!
I'm having hella fun trying to sleep
thank god ..lol wassup geek buddy . ?
Maybe one day! Dont stop believing!! :))
“: Solo time! :]”my favorite CHAMP
happy birthday!! Hope it's a wonderful day!!
tell Colin to get out of there already!!
you win...cheerios FTW!
Up next Terry Shook, Principal at Shook Kelley "Remembering the Charlotte Trolley" Do you remember it?
what happened?
Don't ever write a check with your mouth you can't cash with your ass.
#goodnight world.
Thought for the day: The truth is, we are the only Bible some people will ever read. They are looking at our lives.
Thanks, doll! Seems everything has fallen into place for both of us! xo
It's okay, I'm the same way LOL smh
: I haven't seen her since HS. My cousin Kashia said Phil told her she passed away from walking pneumonia.
Why did I start coughing at the part where wiz was like " young niggas with some old lungs "
One of our students is starting on her first feature today! What about you? What have you #auditioned for? What are you #working on?
Pelis de Terror *.*
I thought pineapples thrown in mid air would be cool
I know I forgot it! Lol. 6 pieces.
can you get more than one?
I Wish I Could Change A Couple Thang Thangs In My Life But Fuck It I Can't <U+2639>
You're too kind! It was pretty darn good, to be honest! Intense flavor. I'd like to try the other flavors as well.
I am cool,
is shrimp in this car
We provide a platform that allows Rent To Own companies to create and manage their own in-house customer loyalty marketing programs.
I should have saved my ticket for littering I received from celebrating our 2005 championship.
send it over
lets not forget the nigga who requested a "PULLED PORK TACO" ...im still lookin for that nigga
Could I come home for the summer, I could slow down for a lil while. Get back to lovin eachother, leave all those lonesome miles behind.
So over the holidays, my nephew turns me on to I now can't quit listening to Ever After You. Is that a good thing?
I need followers on Tumblr !
I'm so sorry. xox
Thank you my friend. I hope you have had a good week so far. Hugs and kisses
Hello there (:
OMG I'm a sucker for cute little puppy dog faces!!!! Love it ; )
#Redsox - you let us fans down - and #Gonzalez - don't blame God for your own failure
Went to bed at 5, woke up at 12, nap at 5, did nothing productive in that time.. I'm never going to be able to sleep tonight.
so august? Okay.
Last night to see Withhart.dance & Deep Vision 8pm!
Hey, can you follow me please? xo
Indeed. I'm so tired of this meme. I was drugged and raped by a WOMAN. So tired of the denial.
Next week! Bittersweet!
Goodmorning just woke up so tired, went to bed at 1a.m
Getting ready to drink on a boat. A mother effin boat haha
My back is so sore today, surely b/c of how much time I've been spending at the gym lately. The lesson is clear: never, ever exercise.
Hello there! I am sitting in the Service Master 24 Hr Clean Tampa office training on Twitter! Yay!
Hi! Speakers made a side note that we get an extra C. (2nd c has 2 C's)
Anyone else notice when Ben awkwardly doesn't know what to say/do he goes in for the kiss?
Off to Egypt!
IU has done it before that is for sure.
A source tells us the assembly may not have the votes to pass eveb watered down tier 6 pension reform
Psyched to start on ! Looking forward to working with you again! <3 RT <3 Thank you for organizing
8 gate changes and 15 hours later, we're finally on a plane to San Francisco. Looking forward to the Brew Crew tonight!
Watching #RHOBH ... There is NEVER a case of excusable spousal abuse. Interested to hear Taylor's story.
Thanks for eveyone who followed I am the one following for her.
Warning: There's a Twilight trailer before Hunger Games!
thanks MAry!
On my way to Exposed the Deconstructed Collection launch at Restoration Hardware Gallery on Beverly. w
cant see u
RETWEET Can anyone bring us a quart of oil? We need 10w30 for our generator.
Watching 's old covers<3 (':
thanks for the link to that app!
haha and why might that be, lady?
R.I.P. Christopher Hitchens "Words can function as weapons"
Class was cancelled so I'm pumped. But my ahold house smells like diapers and dead things
Finally taking the time to organize all the people/orgs I follow into lists... oh boy. So thankful for though!
let me know!!!
Even Biden's "apology" is part of a coordinated political strategy.
#Packers gearing up for playoff run -- ticket invoices for postseason sent to season ticket holders. (1 of 2)
DebRash: a little trivia for #mnsla2010 via movie filmed at Sheraton during #sla2010 The Chaperone. ...
So I guess I'm not a real Drake fan :/
A guide on fair use in videos, in light of MLS's response to Colin Clark bigotry video.
I have a sneaking suspicion it may have happened once or twice :)
it depends wut part NY u in i live in upstate Ny
Lunch at my desk is not such a bad thing when it comes with chilled Perrier!
allergies, ah, I want to chop my nose off. =/
Tks 4 following me! I would like to learn more about your services. Can we set a day & time to chat? Cheers ~ Tony Di Rico
Here we go again!
#ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo hitting the snooze button a few times
What a day! Exhausted now but very satisfying.
that phrase is not yours, whether you believe me or not
Sorry that my awesome sense of humor offends you, and by "sorry" I really mean "fuck you."
its funny how i barely know u, but today i thought of you when i felt hopeless and remembered you always smile. i appreciate you
Considering changing this account's name to something for the blog, so Andy and I have separate blog twitter accounts we write from.
hey...another 3 and out
Ill have you livin life you should, you'll say you never had it so good
Saw tweets rolling past about Giants win and assumed it was the SF Giants
#gayboyproblems : Being woken up too early by a cute boy sucking your morning wood. :)
lmao trick yu just said yourself "I call 2 females my best friend" GROW UP LMAO
sadly yes
Should not have taken that nap. I honestly don't know what the fuck is wrong with me.
looking forward to meeting you as well! Safe travels!
Not everyone by your side is really by your side
There still isn't any player that can slow down Melo
Your word is a lamp to my feet, and a light to my path. (Psalm 119:105)
I fucking missed Justin on SNL! Holy crap i'm stupid!
had lunch plans. Bummed i missed it!
U r the best
Goodnigh to all!
Did you find it?
#21 craziest thing u have done?(:
Utility customer electronic payments = 37%. All other industries = 60%. Work to do!
I tend to agree.
Don't get wasabi in your cooch. Even if you're turning Japanese.
since you guys are going to miss him, that says to me its not over.. ##unfinished business to handle!!
Karaoke Tonight for New Year's Eve!!! Kick Ass $10 Buffet Brunch New Year's Day! $4 Mimosas & Bloody Marys!
I want to move there :)
lol We'll See. U still @ Security Part time?
#SongsIWillNeverGetTiredOf "Oh, anything by Justin Beiber. He's dreamy", said Jerry Sandusky. "How are his ball tossing skills?"
the library is an infirmary. everyone is sick.
Sorry, what is the name of the conference? Thx!
you guys are just stalkin each other left and right!
every girl ! I have to play 17s this weekend. I don't wanna and if I tell my dad that hes gonna get mad :(
Lost my keys so now im stuck at home
#3wordsofadvice hope.strength.courage :) :) :)
oh of course boo, so you don't have to work tmrw?
<U+C57C>! you don't remember me? i always asked you before about korea. hmm:( so sad you forget me. but it's ok.
#AGirlthat knows your mistakes, but looks past them anyway... :D
Whoa thats total BS .. WTF .. Why ?? ( i cant see any possibly reason for that ) . How can we get it back up ?? Dam haters ..
yo bro, i bought some beats off you, im still waiting on them..
Thanks for your support! We <3
Yea! Got my copy of Dame Philology's Charrette … Brings back memories
RT : Its vital that we get leaders in our schools & districts to get connected. They can lead teachers toward connectedness.
sky being I are going to problem
They would be way more famous within a year Don't you think? And yep!
Thanks for the link to the blog post! We've only seen about 1/3 of those - time for another visit!!
You're welcome, Lauren!
THIS WEEK'S SPECIAL
She made my childhood memories!!
Wen i say your beautiful i don ju mean your looks
naa i got school monday
lol we used to get that Alot
#twitter lists can also get you get feel for what ppl talking about in your industry.
back to the gym.
No man should escape our universities without knowing how little he knows
maybe Larry David is taking in another Dodger game with Curb
Great! :-) great to hear. What job?
#WeWontWorkoutIf your not DTF: Dedicated, Trustworthy, and Faithful.
Just started watching regularly and now think I'm falling for
Yeah I did see those pictures... lol fuck me maybe?
because I think it is relevant...
Serena Williams is doing Weight Watchers commercials now?
Just came back from Church:) Happy Day before Easter:)
I get 's tweets sent to my phone...thats how much i like himm and his music(:
Nice! I'm looking forward to Stone Punk ;-)
oh just read ur previous tweet! Hsn flat belly im in!!!
Can't say I've seen him sign yet, no
#mygraduationspeech is trending. Lets just say my graduation wasn't enjoyable bc of the two LONG ASS speeches I had to sit through
ITS GAMEDAY!!! hosts FSU at 6pm here at John Sessions Stadium!
blah. im so bored. im gonna tan:D
Donna Summer died ... RIP love. <3
Thanks, Eli! Maybe they can provide a translation. This really helps. I'll keep you posted!
Aww your a guy directioner <3 ppl say that guy directioners are gay and I always say no your gay for calling them gay
I love you too sister!
your welcome you know im just saying the truth many boys will never admit that :) btw i like your tweets :D
lol chill, and I will get the review tomorrow and take the test Monday
Let yourself shine! Your best life, career & relationships are ones where you get to be you. How can you shine today?
I'm young, handsome, and focused
you wake up boo!
the bully comment was sarcasm btw
AWE!! Thank you Josh! that made me smile!! =] I appreciate it! How was your long car ride the other day?
Making excuses for why you fat and sloppy but you want somebody to love you,
Tonight: Richard Shaten 7pm til bartime..woohoo! Drink specials, music, stars above...what better way to spend a Friday night!
watching The Lion King for a little. Haven`t seen it since I was like 9
your on twitter
": #<U+0391>F<U+0391> Fraternity, Inc. Develops #Leaders, Promotes #Brotherhood while providing #Service & #Advocacy for our #Communities..."
Getting ready for exciting Weekend, 3rd highschool graduating son, woohoo
Caitlin Harper: in the past few weeks of talking to you and then this last week hanging out everyday over break was awesome. Your so sweet
can't believe we're almost halfway through october
and kitties. She makes kitties look awful.
I love her. <3 So much.
Ridin solo tonight once again
Is it me or did travel like a MoFo on that last move to the hoop? Jump step, pivot, drag/switch pivot foot, go up....???
Underground and Wild Wesley about to get rolling
Thought it was Wednesday all day today. Drat.
Your guide to a successful internet marketing strategy:
Yes to epic wishes, and yes to VS show! I LOVE the fantasy bra/wings!
Don't know who I was fooling when I thought I could buy a bag of Reese's eggs and save them long enough to share with coworkers.
Hour 6 of 15- more coffee please
Watching any good movies this weekend?
hahah, consider yourself followed ;)
we will follow you !
I did tv play-by-play for a bball game once and ran out of things to say about 20 min in. Tonight gave me flashbacks!
Fellini's 8 1/2 is my least favorite film I've watched in quite some time.
boy you should've asked around!hah
Oh my god asdghjhlakdfkdsskjdgs I didn't know you could still see my about me on fb. I need to change that. How embarassing O_O
Paws up, little monster!
what about the one in Miami?
just saw him in the winter and hadn't seen Miike Snow yet.
So finally followed me back!
ooh. she ratchet
Making good long-term relationship choices requires clarity about who you are and what you want.
“We should be able to text 911. You know just in case you're hiding from a psycho killer and you can't talk.”
Thx4Flw I love Sarasota, used to live there, the AT is on my list. Looking fwd to ur book "a bear visits us in the shower." WOW!
Very interesting article about Supervisor Paul Cesarz and his dereliction of duty. But the paper still does not tell the whole story...
Zimmerman has been charged with murder in the second degree, ABOUT TIME!!!! Wtf Florida http....://t.co/iFMHjk82”
Today lunck is at Sams Club with a slice of pizza and green tea
Yeah I hear you. Should be able to get quite a few catches as usual in that #Patriots offense.
#AllHailAle Nos 15 (Bier de Garde) and 16 (Schwartzbier) duly racked to secondary and stored in the crawlspace, to emerge in March or April.
I think it very annoying when two-by-four little hick teachers from outside of New York try to analyze our system and give us advice. [1944]
Love these! Just need to get through my current stack... 12 Creative Business Cards via
Amazing show!!! I'm so proud of my ladies!!! Thanks to everyone who came! Muah!
Have you tried to play Diablo3?
lacrosse game with my girls :)
Amen. Now, get thee to bed!
Praying for all of you right now
umm i have a surprise for you :)
sweet! You did an amazing job!
fantasia ck us out great songs by Barbara brown and others !
NBA commentator called the Spurs "middle class" guys. OK, maybe except for the whole all-of-them-being-millionaires thing.
I'm wearing shorts and a shirt. Outside! In San Francisco! Pinch me.
I am always doing things I can't do, that's how I get to do them.
#ThoughtsDuringOralSex Can I pass him my HPV like this?
I feel ya. Hence my current project, as you know.
u don't like being favored ? Lol hey guess wat ms.Komoda accepted my request xD LiKe A bOsS >:D
The girls are really kinda hard on Jamie I believe. Just too much BS & psycho fans!
okay come about 11 ill be at the door its $10 to get in $5 to perform
If you live in Los Angeles come see us LIVE at Genghis Cohen Thursday September 1st!! WORD
Sounds like Rich Rodriguez is about to be named the next Arizona #Wildcats Football coach. Thoughts?
Love is like dominoes. One wrong move and everything you've worked for is gone
Kardashian pregnant??!!! That's what's up!!
Just saw ur tweet. Will be writing most of the day today -- after taking my morning walk, either in the rain or on treadmill
Dont keep waiting for somebody to put u on. Or for friends to get on so they can put u on.... Get to work on Ur life
We are officially registered to attend the 2011 Western Arts Alliance Annual Conference in Seattle, WA Aug. 29 - Sept 2. Will you be there?
if I had to choose between the sun or you , I'd be one nocturnal sun of a gun ;)
JUST FOLLOWED ME :D
We've made a lot of pro-gress in the manner in which we say the word pro-cess...
fewer cops on the street
easily the craziest "offer" I've ever seen on twitter!
Just makin sure you knew, wouldn't want you to miss that!!
When you're almost done doing dishes and someone comes and puts their plate in the sink.
wheels is so cute!
gonna watch the Matches today right now #City vs
I think there is a list somewhere. The website didn't have links. I will look.
are you still tongue tied?
Hi Carlo long time no talk. How you been my friend?
#SFIC - Tip: if you have the option, use interchangable core next time you have to rekey panic/exit devices. = long term cost savings.
Congrats to Dutton author Seré Prince Halverson whose debut THE UNDERSIDE OF JOY hits shelves today with terrific reviews.
I certainly hope not but it ia an interesting premise
So glad you are enjoying them! I literally melted into a puddle after having the vanilla flavored one last night.
Jedward was my big ear worm from last year. And the video was like a Target ad!
It's the worst when your in a hurry to leave in the morning and your windows are frosted over.
actually got some minutes, scored 11 points, #BBN way to go!
What do you think playd needs to get you on board? Tell us your thoughts of where you see this app going and how we can help you!
Literally just failed my math final... I maybe got 20%
After 3pm today, buy 1 salad or sandwich and get 50% off, dine in only, just say "1942" at the register. Only for our loyal followers!!
“If you go looking for what you’re already comfortable with, you’re never going to get anything better than what you've got right now.”
Coconut Bliss is pretty great.
Yes! RT I encouraged a new friend to read #SunStandStill a couple weeks ago. Today I heard him encourage others to do the same.
Understand your competition. Even considering becoming one of their clients so you can learn their standards and rise above them.
We can control our attitudes, we just choose not to sometimes.
My new song will be debut soon. Bossi It- Tessiyah feat Switch Ill : Japan, Evan Wrekn: Houston Tx/ Ground Zero Album Produced by J...
Free admission coupon to in today's Indy Star! Valid for Wednesday or Thursday admission.
what the heck am I do up still? Oh the neighbors are psychotic. I can hear them scream their brains out. And Lily are passed out.
They "began a friendship," more like.
I would be like am I dreaming ?!?!
Orton clearly outplaying Tebow early in camp. Fans want the latter. #Dolphins lurking. #Broncos in a tough situation.
Collective bargaining and the right to organize helped build a strong American middle class.
Sweet. We'll meet up inside before the game! See you then!
what person in their right mind would ever name their child tinleigh?
Midnight quesadilla makin with mi madre :)
It's like watching Old Yeller in 3D lol RT : Why would anyone want to see Titanic... Spoiler alert Leo dies.
hangin out with awesome friends and watching degrassi
Typed the name wrong, argh.
ina bad mood tonight!
RT Promoters let us build your client list. Become a #Vegas Promoter on our soon to launch website and have us send leads to you!
Wishing I was a "morning person" about now...
Still reading In the Cause of Freedom by Makalani. Great book, but an
It was lovely to see you again too. I was hoping we would get to talk more. We will have to chat soon.
rock chalk!
"Harlem Book-Down" Holla.
U really do have to watch who u have kids wit. So many people r immature n will try n keep ur kid from u
Listening to Fast Forward by and YOU GUYS ROCK!!!!
I just watched someone take the time to stop and smell the roses.
Frankie!!!! How r ya?!? We need a Frankie J fix in SAn Antonio! You spoiled us last year! :) Hope all is well! :)
Ha! RT Had to share via Twitter: "Makeup can do a lot of things, but it can't erase crazy."
The bus is empty today. I guess because of 4/20.... But I am high everyday.... On Jesus(:
Can't wait! Already pre-ordered my copy! Looks like another winner!
that shits scary and a long walk through yards..
do you look yourself in the eye and think who you line between your thighs
Kristin Cavallari and Ashley Tisdale face off wearing an Alice + Olivia skirt. Who wore it better?
i'm from indonesia :)
the one to many is still not good even if you have increased the many to everyone.
I would love to kick your ass you little push
Arizona bans funding to Planned Parenthood in abortion fight
Come on in and make yourself comfortable just PRESS Like! at the bottom of this page
fuck that Hazard-Canal + stories..what's the next question to him now..red or blue undies!?
Why the Hell is it so expensive to eat healthy? A pack of porkchops is $12. Center cut salmon fillets $22. This is y ppl r so fat.
who!! See ya there
Our pleasure! RT - A big thanks to for all the access and extra efforts this week
This is not kinect adventures, you don't get to choose your own adventure!
keep ya head up!
I hate how the NFL Network is discussing Peyton more than they are the
you know what, I actually have email alerts turned on. I just don't always catch all my emails that I actually want to read...
cuz your vagina became too wide set and there was no longer room for me! Lmao!
on a mission #Naptown bound
we might be headed that way again
I endorse for 's 2012-13 committee.
My first bite of Sub #9 in the Ace hotel and now I know what all the fuss is about.
Remember Reflect Pray. Make A Difference today! Join us at Mt.Olive Lutheran Church in Greenwood from 4-6p to donate blood.
Tyga (Careless World)
Both of u!!
Closed up shop and headed to for a pint or two and the place was PACKED!
Who's attending the keynote address from 's Dr. Steve Perry?
#NF oh and happy birthday! (:
Yeah, I probably would. Tablets are great, and I think the Fire is going to be the no-brainier alternative to iPad.
are you there??
so due to AVENGERS kicking box office ass, I cannot attend VIDEODROME and have to work later
what a friend u r Sheesh...
In truth, was thinking of pinching it as my own (tho I like mine fine) The character idea's even better - actually doable :)
Standing in the Biology of Bioluminescence exhibit at the NHM looking at beautiful moving sculptures of deep ocean creatures
Good night Kourt!!!!!!
at does great work in MENA region thru facilitated our intro.
how u been
What do I want for fathers Day?
On a date tonight. Yay us!
On our way to see in City
Today is going to be a long funn day :D
that's quite a look BBG x
As always, is my fav show on TV. Thx & Jason Katims. I hope to make grt TV like that someday
just kindled Under the Skin, Faber.
Seriously so glad I went tonight, so worth it
exactly lol RT : that shits funny as fuck lol, and he'll have a stone face killer expression 100 percent of the time
thanks for providing the opportunity for me to learn something new...even if it steals my limited free time.
Insanity-Pure Cardio. Seriously?!?! I just got my butt handed to me. That's intense cardio!
Note to self: Stop reading the side effects of the medications you are taking while you have anxiety and panic (PTSD).
#1DtourUSA Louis will you do stop the traffic let'm through? :) -Bailey and Caitlin<3 June 2nd section 203 row D seat 25
Hahah it was a bear they found in a tree near Will Vill. They tranquilized it and are relocating it. Great action shot, hahah
Inspiration comes from understanding that every crisis presents an opportunity.
Thanks to our publicist! RT : w/ a full-on media blitz today:
I love how close and are
They still will be picking in a few picks, still talent there. It's worth it in this back end of the draft to move back a few.
Bullying Prevention Tip #6 - Stay Informed about the issue...the dynamic is always moving
And we're on our way!
It's nice to log onto iTunes & see that Van Halen has a new CD. Even better that there's no "explicit", "clean" choice. "Tattoo! Tattoo!"
Romantic tour of Washington Irving's beautiful home 'Sunnyside'. I love the landscapes and architecture of the Hudson river valley!
"The death of a loved one should not be a taxable event." -Senator John Thune
Happy 2012! What are your goals for the year? Anything hair related?
welcome. Happy to do a favor for a good friend.
I wish I had more energy today, there's a million things I wanna get done.. but this rainy weather is sucking the life from me!!
Pretty sure I didn't pass the AP Comp test today xP
of course, forgiven :) and quite well, thank you for asking! and i hope yours is going smoothly as well!
no. Let me wallow inself pity.
yes knew Benny Profane and played gigs with them!
cool beans~ :)
I say we see each other :)
thanks for the follow!
Holy shit it is so packed in detroit!.
When people say the water from The water fountain is a certain color... I'm just there like what? Are you high or something?....
taking roommate apartment applications...prefer to live with dudes like the big bang theory...pure entertainment provided for free!
I have a ? Tweeters why do these artist put out mixtapes, a album and half the time their mixtapes are better than their album
#Watching Jersey Shore haha
I gota get my eyebrows done soon!
The Red Queen posters look fantastic in a frame! Thanks for attending ALICE!
Listening to all sorts of sirens blaze in downtown Richmond. Been a rough day for traffic and emergencies. Hope everyone is ok.
Cant stand talking to someone who claims they there for you.. when all they do is make it seem like your talkin to yourself... smh
eat snacks motherfucker eat snacks
I know whats 4 dinner Monday! RT : HEADS it is! So excited 2 give #freepapajohns 2 every Papa Rewards member!
thanks man, miss you, going to check out your reel... Hope la is good.
She tried to jack me off, can't beat it join it
she doesnt need a twitter in order to get some love on yours. (x
Can you really call him a "catcher" if he can't catch a pitch? The #Nationals would like to know, #Cubs produce run off passed ball
I want to thank everyone at the for taking such good care of me last night and working around my boot. They protected me all night!
RT : The Indiana Pacers have secured home court advantage in the First Round of the 2012 Playoffs.
reached the 700 followers mark...plus a few!!!! :D
if you wanna be my friend don't kiss up just kiss my ass hehe
Thursday's Bonus Point: Check out Cargo Coffee on South Park Street. Take a picture outside of the store!
up here doing that 'young jeezy' two handed dance thing. I'm about to fire her ass clean the smooth up.
thanks gurl i was like bawling my eyes out and right before school to
why so addicting., WHHHYYYY
Heart skips a beat and when I called you, you were out of reach, but I'm sure you've heard that before.
Hi From James Gang SKC! We are a Missouri Western Sporting Kansas City Support Group. We would love to have you in the group!
I ain't mad at ya
It's not DiGiorno...It's Delivery!
I was one of the people screaming :D !!!! Im like your biggest fan EVER I LOVE YOU!!!!!
First attmept at making gnocchi was a huge flop. Watching Ra One and I swear every other word is gnocchi. It's haunting me!
Come on man. You like dudes that dress up, wear makeup and have long tongues...
Brian is too pale to wear a white jacket.
Neither can we, thanks!
It must begin that process automatically upon "placement" in the starting position,regardless if it is by your hands, or an adjoining track.
YES! i saw that trend and i was like what does this even...i just i don't know even any more -__-
Getting ready to do my one woman comedy Dancing with my Demons tonite at the Whitefire Theatre.
Weak applause for lower tuition. Must be everyone in the audience has kids that already graduated
Can you send me a little list of the things you can do for a company? ..thanks! Julie Ann Stricklin
Does anybody have any advice for the budding entrepreneur thinking of leaving her job in a few months? Unemployment as startup funds?
We will be hosting a #WoundedWarrior silent auction again June 9th! ~ Followed by a Flames of War tournament! Stay tuned for more info!
In my room being lonely, listening to 1D, and petting my doggy wubz!:)
hey abby hows summer going!! i miss you! i wish we couldv'e hung out this summer but i am so busy in august! text me girl!
Greetings, Tweeters! If you're a K-12 teacher, check out for new information about our 2010 American history seminars!
hey friends, welcome to the middle of the week.
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Tx SCOTT ROSS, ExecProd
Got some good news i am now currently working for F2k i gotta say i am happy to be apart of such a great team!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that's gonna stab you in the back....
Thanks so much!! has the best shows and we love I am sure you follow them already but if not...
Chris can get it <U+2661><U+2661><U+2661>
Going to ty ty 's high school graduation (: <3
Just picked up Skinny (out in October) at the booth; already hooked. Very strong voice.
The butterflies in the book are actually snout-nosed butterflies.
I beat Fez. I didn't really realize that's what I was doing. I never, for example, for translated the language. Or numbers. :\
Oh ladies, you guys make me laugh :-)
that actually is really true in my life right now... Thanks <3
Let's just say that it takes 2 trips to the liquor store. 2.5 bags of ice, 3 martini shakers, & 4 bottles of champagne.
No - but ok w/me b/c it's an area of interest. Then again, I think I should've expected it b/c of CIC focus right now.
so addicted to #FaceOff new season starts now!
hey lady so good to hear from. How are you?
Im out
Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances. - Benjamin Franklin
RT "If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader."
Pizza extravaganza, check! Enjoy yourself and the quality fam time.
It's hard to believe he's never once made it past the first round of the playoffs.
First win of the season!!
Mick Jones in the house last night, great show, undeniable legend. Nice coat too.
The day I learn something from the Borg (which- huh?) is the day you have permission to punch me in the face.
Getting rid of unwanted cars in Atlanta, GA, be it running or not running, can be easy and the same time frustrating. It can be very easy...
How crazy is this line for cap & gown? Am I right?
I fucking hate school. >.>
High school really does change people,
Bwahaha! Sorry! Didn't mean to imply that served a particular type of hot dog. :-0
Still waiting for the first ovay of the night.
okay love you
send me your email address and we will send deals for June in Canada over
look at u u can b sweet when u wanna b :)
There's contact information on their website & info on the project. Send them an email and see how you can get involved.
why!? I dont like you
I almost wish I smoked... do you realize how much money I could redirect into investing by quitting????
I GOT NOHTIN LEFT YEAH ITS ALL ALRIGHT I GUESS ITS ALL ALRIGHT
Just cuz I missed a phone call doesn't mean I'm wit a nigga
"In the end, we decide if we're remembered for what happened to us or for what we did with it." ~Randy K. Milholland
has anyone really been banned from BA yet for following?
I have this recurrent want to travel back in time to play a concert covering my 10 favorite songs from the last ten years. Is this normal?
I'm going to be sore tomorrow.
I got you back girl <3
Why is everyone acting like I have two heads lately?
FOLLOW ME! I LOVE YOU! (: <3
Snow, where? In sunny SoCal.
That awkward moment when you use a twix in an awkward situation but it doesn't make things less awkward.
Taking the kids to rita's for an ice.
We are glad you enjoyed it. We were right there with you, we all won seeing a performance like that by
BUSINESS FIRST, TRAIN HARD, LEAVING IN A FEW DAY'S
On my way to the cheesecake factory!!!!
"Your voice was the soundtrack of my summer Do you know your unlike any other?"
She wanna watch maury
Thanks for the follow!
Preventative Maintenance on your Furnace or Boiler can ensures it's running safely, efficiently & eliminate a service call this winter...
#itsboring when yhu are about to play cards with yhur parents...haha
happy mothers day to the best mom ever! Love ya mum!
I'll be here all week. What's best for you? I can be on campus at any time tomorrow Tuesday.
I've be working, working, and doing alil more work...
Mandatory service? #GOODasks If the employee gets a chance to pick when & where, the drive to volunteer isn't interfered with too much
idk you look familiar lol? Maybe from down southside or something idk
BerryLine food truck at MIT....I like it! You make our day!! :)
So I'm giving a presentation on Git tomorrow and I can't help but title it "Let's Git it oooonn, sugahhrr! Let's Git it on..."
you don't know how much i wish i had
phone so dry!.. no messages, no calls
Could be worse. Could be Selectric, in which case all that turns you on are ancient typewriters (??).
they made it right today! Thank goodness!
THANK GOD. What on earth would we do without Lil Wayne?
#TPGUncensored - Balance, what's that. It would be great just to feel it for a day.
Catching up on Happy Endings. Holy crapola this show is funny.
can we call the big chill 4 "Daddy Issues"
what a scary deal. glad you're ok JM
Iced coffee is not supposed to taste like Sushi.
I have been craving pasta all week!
Sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence
We brought on an intern getting a Masters in sustainability. We're working on a biz plan focused on edible green roofs & edible green walls
That isn't too far from me, but can't go. Will u be in Indianapolis anytime in the future?
I'm going to try and get a quick ten minutes in before work on both Thursday and Friday.
IN Quotes: "Feel the Fear and do it anyway."
Never in my life did I expect to be rooting against Dainius Zubrus in 2012.
RSM is downtown at the video shoot with for the Dum Fum video shoot.
dnt make me lose my mind up in here
congrats on the #startup, Carlos
yah that's sucks..
go to the link and find out!
Aww yeah! Donald a very smart man for leaving too. Lol! I know they have. I might be working at one near my school <U+E421>
Richmond bound!! Bring on the humidity!
NP "If i ever fall in love"
LA weather fail
I think its just tweet a bunch of tweets night! haha
venous congestion and blue undereye circles can't be lasered away in my opinion. topicals help by thickening skin. surgery takes bags away.
T.I.'s Voice is Amazing (:
JLo is so pretty and her performance is really good
That's what's up
Reynolda House is helping continue Bearden's centennial celebrations...We debut "A Black Odyssey" October 13!
Belated thanks for all who came to likemind Chicago - see you next month on the 21st of August!
it's gonna b great I'm sure Melissa is a natural, and I also cant wait for new show either!!!
#filmfest #submissions festival seeking short and feature films in all genres. For more information, visit...
To all my new followers Thank You, and enjoy your day!
That's great! The concert AND the reference-(unintended on my part). With your feet in the air and your head on the ground...
Idol sucked this year, glad it's over. Ellen was a horrible addition to the show..It will tank after next year. Idol is not run by GE is it?
aw! have a great time!!!
Can't believe my old friend Vi is on Twitter!
Molly works in our School of Creative Arts. She signs up students for Art Scholarship Talent Day! 260-399-7700 ext. 8001.
Born to be mild
If you got a #Mac for the holidays in 2010, and you did not buy #AppleCare yet, you might still have a few days to apply it. Call us w/ SE#
I'ma knock down yo' fortress of loneliness, nigga! (Might be a tweet.)
WHITE PUMA
she been kissing a girl some she started dating JB
One of my favorite albums of all time.
Safe in NYC. LA was a monsoon this morning.
Ugh so bored wish my cousins were still in mia
If you've found yourself in a situation that is making you unhappy or unhealthy it probably didn't happen overnight.
the tattoo plans fell apart?
what u running for?
Yea I guess so
royce white from iowa st could be the next lebron
I think i like you, but why?
Who needs sleep?
I DON'T argue ... So if you call me w/an attitude or talking stupid I'm going to ask you ONCE to calm down, after that you I'm hanging up :)
I figured out emojis! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
I have such a headache
Thanks Cincinnati for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
It was such a blessing to get to share last Friday with so many! Especially our online worshippers! May you be blessed this morning!
how does one end up with 3 valid US passports?
Just learned that the music library has acquired a lot of New Orleans best hip hop. Awesome!
Listen to me on Stan Turner's radio show at 12pm today. www.klbbradio.com
What do you think of my 50 states tournament?
When I see the previews to #DarkShadows, it makes me think #EdwardScissorhands went from being #Goth to
well put. Love it!
Watching all of 's #rosebowluw videos to get fired up for tomorrow
Don't allow temporary fantasies scar you permanently!
No, we're skipping them. We'll head over there for a beer or two after the game.
#Obama is a stooge. Save homeowners now? What about all those who lost their homes under his watch before? Jerk.
please follow me:) my bday will be over soon and all i want is a follow to make my birthday special
As a baptized Catholic--can I just say that I am disgusted by the war on sisters and on the Girl Scouts.
on MSNBC's #edshow right now
Happy New Year everyone!
Have you worked on your dreams today?
It doesn't matter who it is. Bill O'Reilly interrupts anyone. Lupe was too polite.
Kaya Henderson: the edreform movement can't exclude the people it's for: students, parents, teachers, community members
hahah Ay girl lmfao! But I mean hopefully he can give you points ah lmfao!
"Sometimes I wish I could turn some girls into guys so I could punch them."
Build muscle and strength
I wanna hear all about ur awesome vacation....ah, never mind I heard enough.
The results of the Screenwriter's Competition hosted by will be announced at the tent village at 10:30
So awesome you are representing the burgh in such an awesome way! We need a black and gold variant! Keep up the awesome work
I'd buy that explanation if he didn't say "tonight." Presumably his hecklers were not partisans of some other GOP candidate.
Thanks for checking!
I understand, but once you master it, it's so much fun!
can relate to that so much
a huge thank you to we had a great weekend of fire breathing fun. Looking forward to being vendors next year.
Mario Lopez has earned his 23rd dimple. Congratulations to Mario and his family if he has one!!
Detroit Tigers Justin Verlander just throws gem of a one-hitter after 8 1/3rd of no hit baseball. Awesome.
right ! I was saying the same thing!
yay! I'll let you know if they hire me! ^.^
working out today
Mick I will never forget your stint on Redeye when you mistook another guest for someone else. LMFAO.
Just saw the best license plate cover..."When you live in denial anything is possible"
“: but what's next? How can we move beyond just live tweeting?” you tell us ! Hahaha
From BrianTracy: "The simple act of paying positive attention to people has a great deal to do with productivity." Thomas J. 'Tom' Peters
I am love you girls
it is April 2nd.
Wow! First time we havw been ahead in the series! Go #nats!
Actually it was at about 90% this morning! lol Friday will knock the "edge" off! It's just around the corner!:)
Good morning peeps, thugs, gangsta's, fire up ya sweets, ladies time to get up from ya beauty sleep.... Stay Tuned... Haan
Well piss. I guess I better figure that out! Thanks, chick.
The New York Home Buyer Expo 2012 @ The LaGuardia Marriott April 21, 2012 Will your company be an Exhibitor/ Sponsor/ Panelist? If you...
Welcome to NY. RT : Soon as the plane landed people are arguing!
Auburn won yesterday! Tell your sis I said WAR EAGLE!!!!
A friend of mine actually read it when it was a Twilight fanfic.
This was a crazy ass day!
I just started Homeland tonight and it seems pretty good. Game of Thrones is solid, too
$100 of worthless vouchers for the F. What a poor girl to do? Thanks for the 'help'.
cute shirts, were do I order?
hahaha yes, unfortunately.
when will I see you again?
i feel like i let down. i didn't buy his album until today..i apologize
lol thanks....you so need a new pic of me. lol
...looking like by the end of the month!
Oxygen Women&#39;s Fitness Magazine | Training, Nutrition, Fat Loss ...
RT : I love her<< c'mon son, please don't tell me my own cuz gettin soft out here
RT : Guess which Irish author (frequently referenced as successor to Joyce) will be at the Rosenbach the week of BLOOMSDAY?
In college some people are more fortunate then others RT : Forgive me. Didn't meet cheap people til college.
#yougottaberealspecial to be a Redskins Fan!
Things to love about River North: smells like chocolate
S/o this old couple at least 70 are putting in work on the bench. Damn. They look like they could die any sec. Weightlighting gloves and all
Andrew Bird's latest too RT ...Sleigh Bells & Springsteen's Wrecking Ball now available on Freegal
me neither!!!!
Ishikawa goes the yard!
If given the choice, which 1 would you pick to do: cardio, weights or yoga?
So you teased us with the topics that Jurgen covered but no details. Give us the details of what he said!
that would be fantastic! shoot us an email at and we can share any info you may need
Here's a recommendation for a free iPad app. The #London Design Museum is wonderful and it now has it's own Design collection app for free.
Sweet dreams..
awesome. My wife and I went and love it. We love Napili Point. A cove is there with the best snorkeling.
hey, where's the drink I ordered? :)
RB are a dime-a-dozen in NFL.<-Yes they are but having a workhorse RB coming along is rare<-workhorse=short shelf life for
Let me know if it falls through, a friend of mine is a freelance designer. I'd be happy to put you two in touch.
If you were smart and bought VIP tickets to tonight’s Taste of the Nation benefit for SOS, then you’ll get to taste what Lee’s made.
probably from sitting in a theater for 12 hours yesterday
I loved the show today great job
How do you not like Justin Timberlake?
putting on a red and black feather boa, spinning in circles, and trying to whistle (no success)
maybe and hour and a half or two. We'll decide what kind of video to make. Oh and your videos on youtube are funny. xD
Happy New Year everyone!!
off to grab some warmth and wind and sunshine
Family is discussing my grandfathers colonoscopy. Great way to start easter weekend and the introduction of
Not much of a runner? Consider race walking. It’s quick, it’s challenging, and it’s also an Olympic sport.
Man Eddie Griffin is too funny
I FINALLY finished the Hunger Games series. Now I have nothing better 2 do :,(
thank you. :)
ZN Poll: Retirement has been over-sold, 42 percent of Boomers plan to continue working as long as able.
Rick Santorum loses Michigan...there may be hope yet?
There are 2 things certain in life death and taxes
lol, why is it hot?
Dinner! Curry! Samosas! Indian Pizza!
*Sigh* I still can't draw a damn thing..... -_-
His essay "Structure, Sign, Who Dat Girl" does confuse people. RT " They were probably thinking of Flo-Rida"
Now following wit her gorgeous self
awesome destination and excited to checkout tripbirds too! #acqhack - pass it on :-).
#quotes A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them.
I tell people I'm too stupid to know what's impossible
The beginning of the year is a great time to set goals for yourself and your small business...what do you hope to achieve this year?
#Top100Lies All I have left is one last piece of gum
RT : She's 84 and she was pepper sprayed by police. Will this photo become Occupy movement's most iconic?...
Can't wait for and to steal the show at Wrestlemania!
UPLOADING a tech video for the contest! Free for all since the first 2 flaked!
I am hosting Table Topics tonight at SF Toastmasters, the hottest club in Div. E. 6pm @ Schwab - 211 Howard @ Main. www.sf-toastmasters.org
hope the leg is doing better? Yeah u should have knocked that dude out in rehab for hitting it. Hahahaha.
has a headache.
I'm leaving to Nor Cal on Monday! I won't be able to. :/
Bad weather sundays without a Saints game are so without an anchor, though in a good way.
Thanks for mentioning us in your publication!! :)
Kelly clarkson can really sing her balls off!!
good luck. Have fun
Hate when people comment only to cite their own article or product. Make a point. If your stuff is good, someone else will reference it.
link does not work?
How's everyone?
The Bagram Air Base background looks like a hologram, or screen or something computer generated...
Happy to contribute ! RT - HBO Sports got 1.5 million PPV buys for / generating $94-million.
c'est quoi "red-butt display"?
yes it is.
Thx, for sharing the forecast update link Tom. Look for a new KnowledgeWorks forecast late summer!
oh I wish I was a part of jersey shore <3 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
has a separate phone just for email
Were a team because we play for the front of the jersey, not the back <3
Its so clear to me now ive got a whole new perspective its so clear to me now u cant treat me that way it appears to me how long u tried
You most certainly did <3
Thanks to IME Preparation, Inc.'s DVD collection and direct shipping, this is no longer a problem.
Surprise event: 1Miami at is at Sen. Marco Rubio's office demanding action on jobs.
RT : One year after the Egyptian revolution, CNN asks: Why did Seal and Heidi Klum break up?
ha! i don't really get the WR love from OK ... but i'm a foreigner (an east-coaster)
so funny!
i was able to shoot a master class at CCM - amazing! Have fun next week!
Send in a biz plan and "like" us on FB to be entered to win a free single person occupancy office for one year.
Congrats, Coach K.
Using Backbone js. Goal not so far from now: learn Sproutcore.
Cowards die many times before their deaths.
Going to the cell phone and tablet showcase at Oakland county schools tomorrow. I'm on cloud 9. 5 hours of android talk!!!!!
Wow lol. “: My dad's paying me to do his traffic school... <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>”
Sweatshirt Weather!! Gotta love Indiana ;)
Trinity Versus Tyranny—Final Battle Over Fate of Man - Canada Free Press
RT Just watched tonight's Walking Dead...HOLY BALLS. It is FAMAZING (fucking amazing). For reals. You will be happy tonight.
There's so many things she doesn't know...i should be wasting my pity on her, not myself. <3
done and done! Thanks!
#CNNNYE Watching the ball drop while my parents are in the hot tub! Love Anderson Cooper he is awesome!
If only... Will be released on august 29th. I have a surprise that will also be releases in late august.
Today's project: frowning half-knowledgeably at php code on new test server.
I cant forget about the past and what he did to me .
I think he chooses to broad stroke gays as depraved, narrow-minded pervs, so let's
just a start... i plan on doing that one weekly... thanks again.
I really need to get my habit under control. I cant resist!
For all of my homies that I haven't spoke to in awhile, I ain't mad at cha
I'm working on getting boosts in so I'm experimenting with arrangement of dragons and habitats…so complex!
have yall ever look out for ur homies then when is the time to pay u back they act Brand New??
Congrats to the #PittsburghSongCollaborative! Great concert w/guests from the Pgh Zoo (including a friendly 6ft python named "Squeezy").
I got a simple rule about everybody. If you don't treat me right - shame on you.
definitely just listening to this in my car <3
Just found out that Twitter is a better way to get a hold of than A PHONE
no wut I dnt get is u feeling the need to tell me u talkin to ur ex.
that's okay. we passed! I'm about to fail my math class.
Happy birthday to mee
Congratulations to All-American JUCO Showcase Alumnus Julian Scott (Yuba) who is headed to Southern Utah! We wish him the best of luck!
HES SO CUTE. but his voice is a little rough.
Finally the #Phillies play a team I hate so I can forget all reality and just yell FUCK YOU, WE'RE GONNA WIN THE WORLD SERIES @ the TV.
Appreciate the fb
touching. Wish he had not enabled a pedophile.
Happy birthday
I don't know howw!!
We're tweeting the reading premiere of the new WAW poem of the month 18 month calendar. Follow ,
Hi Becklynn, Thanks for the shoutout! Nice to meet ya - Still new 2 twitter - just saw the mentions, how cool :)
Today would be such a good day to stay home in bed in your pj's & watch movies all day <U+2614>
Going to Seapig Monday, gonna learn #python with #seattle 's pros. My mission: copy image to clipboard in #b3d 's image editor.
I never used the price guide, so I didn't miss it. Except for the cartoon inserts.
Don't stop believin' hold on to the feelin'
Long texts makes it feel like an actual conversation is going on
THEY ARE MY LIFE <3
YES!!!! RT: : so is this where I should be tonight
Success really doesn't mean that you look good, or feel good, or are good
this looks like an advertisement for an upcoming Avatar Sequel
Google honors Pierre de Fermat on 410th birthday. Andrew Wiles, a hero of mine, proved Fermat's Last Theorem in 94 documented in "The Proof"
Merry Christmas.
Thank you Jordan!
...and back to Chicago!
already nice doing business wit u pimp.
I'm more upset for Puck than Rachel now...
Thank you! :)
goodnight sarah! <3
Be safe out there if you are stuck in any of the crazy weather today!
Huh, there are 2 library stories in the Dispatch today. Must be something in the air.
RT Loud booms in #Clintonville r nothing compared 2 what we could do if dems wouldn't have blocked mining bill.
anytime babe, u know we cool..
Ugh, you found code from when you were learning? I feel that way sometimes.
So pissed..I don't understand why they did this. All the new rules are so stupid! All the hardwork was for nothing..
is reading Psychology Today
Why would you bring your dog to the dog park and then carry it around? Go home!
AND I NEED TO MAKE A SUSHI RUN ASAP
Proud of both of you! Excited to hear about what you learned!
unless you're name is don't speak to me today. taking a vow of silence
omg thanx for following me back!!(:
still meeting today?
#RVA snow! CCWA offices are closed today.
I agree 100%. Would be a great move to get a good prospect at deadline
We're a pretty sweet group of kids. says hi. ;)
She was so out of control and there is no excuse for that at all. Bully, bully, bully......
How did Olby do? I missed it. Do we have an "eye roll" count for George Will?
Headed out for a much needed
From one celebratory beer day to the next: Happy International Beer Day!
Pawn Mixtape Review; MrRogers #Le$-Le$ feat by we heard $$$$
Few people even scratch the surface, much less exhaust the contemplation of their own experience.
I should tweet about them more often..they've been great since I did..lmao
But you could see us both in one day!
Agreed-- we are lucky to have district-wide connections!
I love days off =] going to get my car washed.... What's everyone up to today?
What up
#yee my brother is getting a haircut!!!!!!
New season of MINDFREAK TONIGHT!!!!! I can't wait!!!! :D
stay tuned for , autumn womack, craig carey, lisa arellano on the politics of editorial practices
terrific opening night. These women are awesome. Thx u
There's some chick in my math class who is apparently going out with Nick. LOL GURL YOUR HILARIOUS. -.-
haha I'm glad you are having a good time!
Nick Jonas, Delta Goodrem on ArcLight Hollywood Movie 'Date Night' - Great New Movies
HA The anticipation is killing me, is Justin Bieber pregnant by that girl or not!?
I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university tho..
I need to change my surround sound settings from Enhanced to Spectacle
My entire life I've been surrounded by envious,jealous self centered people
It's nice to see a Christian athlete that is open about their faith. Keep it up my man. And congrats on the win.
How ridiculous, right?!?! Yeah, that's our client. Sadly it's not MY client. I would have tried to finagle that feather one.
I sympathize with the desire to pull the DNC out of NC. But I think there's a better way. We've gotten this far with the opposite tack...
PF Changs on Farewell? Farewell Farewell!
“TEACHING IS ABOUT COVERING IT, LEARNING IS ABOUT GETTING IT”
ikr an when they check your breast i think ther just having fun
he could, since cap space would allow him to trade without matching salaries... Long way from that though
Uh oh, good luck not getting kicked out? Haha!
New Shirt AMERICAN GRAFITTI/MAMMA CAR JUNIOR'S SHORT SLEEVE T-SHIRT
Improve and hosting SNL. If you have any questions you'd love to know send them my way! Xoxo
Poll: fall asleep at 7 am or stay awake all day IN AGONY in order to get back on a normal schedule?
Was kicking It with and yesterday. Just to busy to tweet about it till now.
hahahaha so funny!!
Just got up wow... Pretty much been an exhausting week already... but its not scary I got this...
nice pedicabs but when will there be cars in Austin??
looking forward to seeing it!
we should build a PCA for twitter people :')
ah no hate you!
Took some time with daughter this evening and drive the Otay Truck Trail - great rock crawling with Border Patrol audience. Biggest water …
Yes, it's 2012 and I'm still listening to the Jonas Brothers.
me too! Especially if I feel a personal connection w/ seller, too
#Emery, Also PAY FORTE ALREADY! AND sign a good backup QB - AND draft AT LEAST 2 OL! Lots of work to do!
You wasn't shit to me back then , you ain't shit to me now .
Heading to Loon Sunday
I KNOW HE WAS JUST STANDING THERE LIKE "I'M HOT BITHESSSSSS" ah <333
tell Annie hello
Welcome! Big hugs.
#roll up
No just my batteries, did I say that?
I got it right away!! I love that movie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> lets watch it!!
I am not built for this heat. I am 1/4 polar bear. I have a fine layer of fur and blubber to keep me warm. That is why I live in WI.
To think it's been a year and change since we played our first show
Great Party here at Maxi's on Wednesday Night...Thanks to everyone that stopped by!
when u gonna try some the wines in my portfolio?
im going tonight
I wonder if there will be any "Walruses" in Louisville tmrw night?
A3. DM spams suck. No one *ever* is saying anything bad about me, you liars.
Lol! I am sad for you too“: SO SAD FOR ME!! RT : So sad for the Bulls <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>”
#Zynga Accounted for 15 Percent of #Facebook’s Revenues in Q1
Not getting a response to my messages to the co. but now trying personal contacts. Looks like practice closed.
RT : Excited to speak at Global Donors Conference in #Seattle 2day & to hear discuss #philanthropy trends.
Idea for a business name for a Siding company "Steel Team Six".
Just liked u! Thx for liking us...
This has to be the next "best of" show for the next off day.
Love and Happiness
It was awesome getting to meet you, too!
An enemy will agree, but a friend will argue
Traffic tickets reduced to parking tickets ask me how I can help you, I go to you. 702-882-6007
nope :o
#drunkenwords Taste the rainbow!
have fun too bad Tyson Chandler can't play in game
you forgot the sarcasm tag, right?
Gotta love QUALITY dunkin donuts
oops. Not mouse but teacher mode reference. See why lurk more than I tweet:(
Our Card Sorting tool is to be used by a class of near 100 students in HCI for a group project at a large private University in Portugal.
:) Thank you, lady!
So, how do we (better) evangelize about the luscious, hedonistic marvels of the Torrontes grape? Hm...
Are Curious If Yo Pu$$y Is Great????
i can't wait that long. i'm 15 minutes in. :)
Fixed. Thanks!
I am trapped playing real life Tetris with a Hoarder.
MORNING... This is the day the Lord has made, I will rejoice and be glad in it. The enemy is busy this morning!!
chatting with a former graduate student worker about the library job market
just read proclamation making today "Seniors First Day" in San Diego. Thanks Todd.
I'm the same person.
“: 'YOLO' isn't an excuse to be a slut.”
stupid people.
I'm so sorry to hear that! What's your background? Are you on LinkedIn?
Spending this beautiful autumn afternoon with the 3 B's. Burger, beer, book. Maybe a 4th B for Battlefield later on...
rockin' the cutoff jorts today. feeling like a werewolf from twilight.
I think i'm hearing mice scurrying around in our walls.
I really love this movie. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Just saw this boss, where are you/ what are you doing today?
trying to strip in your car while watches on <<<
This looks like it's going to be interesting. Glad to have jumped in the mix
brewing ur own now
oh no! the baltimore herb fest is memorial day weekend :(
Unlike Shakira's, my hips do lie... They are such tricksters
I know. It's like finals week in grad school. Now I must go design and print 1500 forms for the joke contest.
Havent really talked to him all day :(
WE SHOULD BOTH DO IT, TO SOME RANDOMER WE DONT LIKE! HOW DID YOUR EXAM GO ??xx
i Love That Song! Its Amazing! :D
It really annoys me when people don't use the right: to, too, two,their, there, they're, your and you're. Basic grammar rules.
Just discovered #Paper.li, basically the public, website form of #Flipboard. Love!
Do you know about the annual Thai Festival at LDCM? This Saturday, May 7, 11-4, great food, traditional dance and more!
The freaks come out at night
who brother diamond?
:) Kuya is the Filipino term for older brother. :)
haha I used to say how rude all the time I loved that who...ugly Jesse...so dreamy
Off to Dell VIP #nbmbaa11 event. will be there... Hope I don't act like a geek!
: sad but true. Should have bought a Rolex at least I could have sold it .
sup hommie! here your coming home to TriPodCity!
With the Q pub quiz takes place at Manchester Uni students union at 5.15pm today, tell us your favourite pub quiz team names
I would be embarrassed and say no
Any guy who hangs out with me tonight gets a bj....that just came outta my mouth
I am quite amused by commentary on #f8 :) Much better than the ACTUAL #f8!
Mama Pita is about to celebrate her 2nd year in business!! The question is, Should we throw a party??? ...
It's been two days of accidentally not eating chocolate- seems dumb to eat it again now so now I guess I'm intentionally not eating it
RT Today in #Herstory: In 1456 – A retrial verdict acquits Joan of Arc of heresy 25 years after her death.
I'm not convinced you guys have the wheel. Happy to sell you plans for it.
NO SLEEP NO HANDS
Experiencing rapture blues ... I must've been left behind!!!
Life at any time can become difficult: life at any time can become easy. It all depends upon how one adjusts oneself to life.
I would strongly.
congrats! whens the start date?
Alabama accusing Auburn of cheating is like snooki tellin hallie berry she's ugly
WHY WHYWHY do people make it more complicated than it needs to be- JUST DO IT- make the change ITS SIMPLE!
lmao if anyone else heard what we just talked about!
lets get that Champions League win today over Bayern Munic.Ball Movement & every1 get back on Defense!
better log out of my twitter. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Visitors want a deep experience, not just to use an iPod - Priority on UX & Content
At the community center..
thanks man :] <3
SHOUT OUT TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS....!!!
Happy v-day weekend 2 u 2!!! How much did you fetch last year at the Korean BBQ auction?
Lmaoo like twitter is some exclusive club and shit RT : People really be on that "don't tweet me if you don't follow me" shit.
: ESPN titles headline after first Knicks loss with J.Lin "Chink In The Armor" - So who is going to get suspended over this?
Check it out! $15 for tickets to LIFE: A Journey Through Time with the Louisville Orchestra. October 2 at 8:30pm. LouisvilleOrchestra.org
That awkward moment when you ask someone a question and there response was fart. Talkin to my date. She sucks.
Seven days till #Vegas!!!!!!!!
yes, why?
Whoever came up with the names for animals is a little confused. Shouldn't a pig be a pork u pine?
Hanging with my Aunt and Uncle!
PS, pancakes, IPA are gone. Just MIA and Monster zero left.
Annoying siblings<<<<< No me gusta
It's just hard when they start bustin a very unnecessary cap in me, but I am being respectful but they think I'm not.
's relaunches have me giddy as a schoolgirl. & I've NEVER been giddy. Even when I was a schoolgirl.
Shit just got home watchin iron chef
Once u put your #friends on your #startup #nonprofit board, how r u going to ask them to step down when u need legit officers?
Ooh la la!! French breakfast specials in now at Lottie's! Crab, gruyere, jambon!
Twitter should have a twitter IM
I think celebritification is as corrupting to neurons as STDS are to---lady parts? Will it make you thought-sterile?
Yaaaay...look whos' back! And a little jealous of my new #mac are you?
my mind is on my money and my money on my mind...movin like a ghost cause im always on my grind
He built like a young carl winslow RT : Mister Betts acting like debo !
Wake up with a passion, go to bed with an accomplishment.
There you go, Tiger.
You can send them to . Thanks!
Hey there mavs... Nice to see you all at the donks
Does Miner ES (Precinct 81) have any bike racks? I chose flagpole over fence today.
just the lulz
thanks steve! email me at for free promo codes!
you all look very lovely!
A girl texted me at 3:03 today. It read "you're awkward."
I don't quite get Why pay for the service if all I ever want is a shuffled feed based on a genre or kind of artist ()?
he was the best behaved out of all of us
That flower commercial was the best I've seen in years
i love finding $40 in pants i havent worn in a week. win!
": Lmfao and and this stalker" HAHA THAT WAS CRAZY!!!
is it the weekend yet?!
Shopping trip today!
On a scale of 1-10, how good was it?
RT : Be a positive impact on someones day
This has to be a proud time of year for you. These kids owe you & your colleagues a great deal. Thank you for doing what you do.
When is the last time an #IndyCar-style race had 34 entries? Two more for Las Vegas, and we will have that.
The heckling of #Lebron will be worth the price of admission at MSG in a few days.
i'm eating Club Crackers, and thinking of you and Vonette.
great to meet a fellow gaelic girl last night. :)
That is absolutely crazy Miya. Get an umbrella drink and walk away, now!
hey mama how are you yea i dont really tweet unless its something i am doin, really thinking about that i want to tweet about
Just lovely, my friend. Happy Mothers Day to you! (And Happy Birthday to your darling little bird.)
Why do dogs chew on their feet?
try sweep the leg once you get into the 4th or 5th game...it brings focus to 5 year olds...
can you just get a new battery?
3. Starks clearly better than Grant
#Aoki is the best!
I had to squint, but now I see it. In fact, now it's tough to see anything else!
Holds true for pretty much anyone in a creative vocation. One key to my success as a publisher is embracing it as enthusiasm
Its Friday!! Yayyy, cant wait for austream but for now- school :/
You* Oh and you also forgot a period. :)
Reading outside wiff Rocky :')
Fuck, TNA makes me so mad some times...
Congratulations on the new project! Hope all is well at Red Moon!
I'm at 78, so I'm falling a bit behind. I think next year I'm going to try for 365, though. It's tough to make time!
#SometimesYouHaveTo nut up or shut up!
hit the hay.z
The Niger school furniture is a sustainable project that provides jobs and so far has gotten 1,000 children off the ground at school.
school ~~maybe =P
OMG I hate new retweets. Have I mentioned that?
Hold still *My palm stinging sweetly as it smacks against 's warmed, pink skin one last time* Happy Birthday, baby.
It's all about the metadata today!
hope you get better soon!
For more regarding our work on psychopathy, do a web search using these keywords: Roman Piso Psychopathy. Thank you & share the info!
Glad to see you're working with Camtasia! Is everything running smoothly?
I'm learning #CUDA and #OpenCL jointly. Implementing a #parallel, #optimized matrix multiplication with max cache hits now
I dislike it when people say, "I almost forgot!" No, you did forget. That's why you look so shocked right now.
thought the webinar was to start
Do I ever cross your mind?
is too funny hahahah
. pls don't "RT" things in my name that aren't mine. further, your "RT" was a Litmus blog post, not a tweet. cc:
Energy and persistence alter all things. -Benjamin Franklin
Pepto Bismol is the Jewish Tequila.
The more I feed it, the more I need it.
Wasn't it? "Suzanne" on his new cd "Today's Opinions" on Criss Cross.
Thanks to news 10 for the nice article about the library. Hopefully, people will realize that they aren't extinct yet.
... I agree, but you still need condoms, even when they are not lunatics ... :) ... Safe, Sane and Consensual ...
I know. I puke all the time.
I'm sleeping and my MOM has been watching Jersey Shore all night
Google Fax now available for users of Gmail - Seattle Post Intelligencer
where located....
Thank you for the RT! Create a beautiful night!
I'm a reflection of the community. - Tupac Shakur
thanks! We all cute couples.
Our first thousand-is the 1st the easiest? We appreciate you-this is more fun than we expected.
Yur Pretty Sure? How Come? *IWishYuWereHere*
Drew: What are they fighting about?
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 2
Hey Ben, I'll be at the SocialTV Summit as well. I work for Mass Relevance. It'd be great to meet and chat! -Derek
Morning meditation done....#time to shed...POOF!!!!!
Congratulations !! Best wishes on the wedding tomorrow !!
Alright, Fisher. You've proven yourself.
ITS COOL CAT!!!!
don't ask questions watch it it's on insight under ESPN films
What is your level of obedience towards God and His requests?
Leg Go
My mom keeps asking me if I'm pregnant . Lmfao . I just eaat alot okay !
Thanks for following. I*m standing tall for conservatism in Miami Dade County Florida.
#smbmad find video platforms that have value and speed
"FREEZE FRAME" - Nick
We can only hope. ;o)
On your way to Wash Park on this glorious sunny day? Get your box lunch on your way over! PICNIC!
Pass pages. Last real chance for the "Ragged Glory: Debbie Does Detention" playlist that worked so, so well for me.
how to maintain particularity and multiplicity of images?
what type of girl would ask her boy to skip practice?!?
My stomach is making some weird noises this morning. I wonder if I ate a chipmunk in my sleep?
Good to meet you!
That candy table looks awesome! We won't be there 'till 8-ish - make sure you save me some Now & Laters! :)
sounds a lot like what creating welfare states I doing for our country...
Young enough to know I can, Old enough to know I shouldn't, Stupid enough to do it anyway.
Is it iPhone only?
Thank you very much :)
where the fuck is the #cheese ??
I love how the guy continuously refers to his girlfriend as Wine Allergic Girlfriend or W.A.G.
Huntsman on volunteering: Americans have the volunteer spirit
Nice of the to rain on LaRussa's parade.
Im so ready for school to b out
screamin ova my dead body like its not a possibility -joe budden
30,000 new consumer products are launched each yr & 95% of them fail.
How will the Earth keep spinning now that Russell Brand doesn't follow Katy Perry on Twitter anymore?
what does that mean?
Hahaha! Darn, I'd just prefer to be liked by him first, not his mom lol
WOW. Joe Hart, Man City, unlucky..
Time for #coffee! Who wants some? :)
Time to get off twitter.
I hate fucking cockroaches.. They are disgusting. Ewwwwww
and what's "facetime"? As u can see-i'm not up on things-LOL
U mad Cuz Im happy? Tf
"Care for," meaning "cook and soak in butter"? :)
This game is stressing me out.
and we did. Thank you for that.
For those of you who guessed a NEW Denver Broncos Jersey, you are correct!
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: Web hosts and tech companies tend to provide better support than general audience companies.
Full moon = i'm asshole Lbvs
Happy month baby! I'm soo happy to call you mine! Excited for our Amazing future!!! :)<3
thank you so much! Hope you enjoy the music :)
which is really funny because it happened to be
Whenever final week is near at school, I get always very busy:((( Lord please give me strength. Holy Spirit help to study well <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
look forward to seeing you again! let us know when you make a reservation. hugs are necessary!
Yay! Today has been a very productive day! Two snaps in z-formation!
you like the line?
Gearing up for a busy week!! Lets go!!!
Sounds like some folks badly need a dose of reality: Twitter isn't the problem. Secrecy is.
If you want to see Me just look to the MooN
happy bday babe love you
San Diegans, hurry and turn on to see talk about our happy hour event tonight!
RT this for a Goodnight S/O ^__^
is she regular
Sending the luck of the Irish your way from Boston, MA. :)
Imagination grows by exercise, and contrary to common belief, is more powerful in the mature than in the young
Join in the consciousness that tries to provide great education for all children, working toward best for all.
I hate bully's.
I lived in an apartment just off that intersection for 2 years. fucking downriver
Go grab my keys and there A) sticky B) soaked....
Don't miss the Art of Trash on Friday, April 22! A fun night with a fashion fashion show and music! Starts at 7 p.m. A very trashy event!
Competition team practice tonight is gonna rock!
Seeing my niece and nephew makes me so happy. (:
Thanks for the follow! We love Treating at Pinkberry!
But damn I have work in an hour <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Grab a Fatboy® and get a front row seat at 's solo acoustic set 's #ParkHere as part of mag's #RSFest!
u got new songs?
Whats the name of this $600 studio apartments? Thanks.
great running into you. Again i say brilliant #att locker idea!!
" Tito 'Badly' Wants To Manage Cubs" On behalf of all Cub nation: Terry FrancOH-HELLLLNOOO!!! Hire Ryno already!!!
Sorry I missed this. The storm heading into Dodge county is pretty nice right now.
Can't believe Pulp Fiction was made 18 years ago! Shit I'm old...
Falling in love ain't far from the sun! Kidnap my heart! Not far from the str! Kidnap my heart!
Happy Star Wars Day!
Rasheed just earned his contract for the entire season with his performance this game - knockin' down some big 3's
Hunting is lamee and a waste of time
yes! #GoKingsGo I want a Kings Flyers final!
Love it! "Spectacular"..so you actually read bios?! =)
That's the wrong thing to doo !!
long time no tweet! wassup! :D
Love exchanging drafts with my cohorts--just feel bad when I'm slow to give feedback!
Great to be home after leaving Richmond around 2 am. This session ended the way it began: with Bob Marshall's social agenda-driven mission.
I'm ready for Steeler football every minute of my life. Will soon start tailgate stocking. Start in May. #draftweek YES!!!!
A big welcome to everyone at the Philanthropy Center Member Celebration Event!
#NFLDraft preview and commentary from detroit "insiders" shows how lucky we were to have
oh I look familiar? Ive been in your dreams way too many times!
#GirlWithTheDragonTattoo had Americans speaking with bad Swedish accents, Swedes speaking in English, and Daniel Craig just speaking.
LOL with you mine is which/that
did u finish the art? If so, please email it to me!
I'm releasing all songs from now on with a clean version. I do have a clean version of F The Haters Anthem on the site
Our booth was pretty busy. We got a few new Kickstarter supporters as well!
where are you at this week?
DEFINITELY Newark! : "Which town in the East Midland's should we promote next week? Tell us which one & why. Please RT"
haha lol....then I loose on purpose
fuck my stomach is hurting D:
Just keep meditating and the negative thought processes and ruminations will decrease and dissolve.
Yay! RT : I'm pretty excited about making pasties today with !
RIP Maurice Sendak... "Where the Wild Things Are" scared the crap out of me. Dark, Creepy and Wonderful
Taylor: do u know what ur doin with ur life? Me: yes i do thank u very much ...Bi
are you going to be in math tomorrow??????? I mean I'm getting pretty lonely in that class.
Aye Bro I Bet She Gon Block Yu ANY MINUTE! Lbvs
he's my hero
I'm gonna wake back up ;) lol
Returning to work after six weeks of paternity leave & holiday break. I have to remember what I do.
And some hate accounts don't even have comebacks to say accept "your ugly" or "he has no talent" like come on, it's time to grow up..
Thanks! I put the link up :-)
triple shot of expresso got me on my hills at work... Woo
this is bogous!
I am not a has-been. I am a will be. ~Lauren Bacall
Thank You for the likes!
going up to see my dads trial
i said OVER half way!
It's not a competition. Yet, you win.
I do appreciate your mindfullness of us mastering the "Do da Bo$$," however we've found another videographer. Thx though???
Collin Powell. Quite inspiring and motivating. #NU2012 graduation
I so need a DMB fix right now!!! Pick me up love~EVERYDAY!!! ;p
It's our pleasure! We are so fortunate and thankful to have you as a part of the family. Can't wait for you to come back!
Enjoying waking up to & United Airlines becoming best friends forever over twitter.
Clairemont Garden Tour & Expo tickets are now available for purchase at Sandwich Emporium and UPS Store in Clairemont Town Square.
We guess we'll let it slide this time. But next week, if you're not here by 4:15, well, have you ever seen The Running Man?
Is it me or does #Knicks coach mustache and goatee look like old perfectly shaped-Up Afro...lol
FightTime 8 tonight w/ & the peeps. Tix still available. Great seating everywhere.
Georgia O Keefe....I had no idea
Oh, Dear God, won't the laundry *ever* be done?!
Ohh yea!! #TampicoStyle RT oh did i mention i have my drank in hand... tampico juice life. lol
Thanks for all your hard work!
sorry i missed yr earlier tweet. there will be a simple app process for THATCamp Bay Area, prob starting in Aug.
Has it changed again?
no problem DA , I have a few boxes to go through & I'll let you know later today ... Hope I can find them & help
of course! I'm there c: jk
“: The Red River Rivalry (OU/UT) is the hottest ticket of the season. Avg price paid? $453. Mich-ND was $408.”
#oldschooldays Afros and vagina fros....you got a hair pick for that bush momma? Sollliidddd...
I just ask that when you see me you speak up nigga that's all, don't be duckin' like you never wanted nothin'
thanks for contacting me. Send me a DM
Chillin at clark at the math proficiency camp sleepy as hell
she knows she can, she is checking to see if you forgot the keys inside :)
20 bucks says Glove Romney calls Rajon Rondo "Randy" during & after the game.
EWWW No It Means Shake My Damn Head ...Idiot! If You Take Ur Mind Off Of Sex Maybe You Would Kno Lmao
DEFINITELY. I can't go to school because I can't go into debt. So Im stuck without a college education. :P
What?! Did they?!
Always feels good to be back in the gym with the #CUMensVolleyball team! #Buffs!
i love you a billjillion times more! :D
.... let me move into my new apartment first.
do NOT walk in a batter. PLEASE
I thought my daughter had finally learned to sit up, but my excitement was soon tempered by her wicked face-plant into the couch cusion.
no. A winner is a winner. I am a winner and you shut me up the the celts rings. I Lov my courtside seats today. Celts :)
Thanks for RT on our How to Manage Your Cash Flow article. (via )
I miss you too :/ You will always be my sister even though we're 133678421113 miles away <3
Mfs do the most; irritating ass;
Sup bro how's it hanging
Good Result for the yellow todat
wondering if Melville's "Fragments from a Writing Desk No. 2" indeed "hint at something deeper"?
Don't worry about what others think. People are always negative, don't let it bother you.
That's a good problem to have!
Happy halloween!! :)
So glad you enjoyed, it !
Making meat balls. That makes me a baller times two.
Being introduced to country music.. Guess I'm spending my night cleaning with a glass of wine in hand and gettin my country on
EXCELLENT song. We agree. Slacker makes a killer 90s Hits station.
: ALRIGHT BE RIGHT THERE
Focusing, focusing, focusing!
Hanging w/
M, some sweet Urban Chestnut, Gretchen Peters and Brian Henneman this afternoon at Off Broadway. Music at 3. yeah baby!
Still waiting for an
Getting tatted
I Love People That Can Makes ME LAUGH , When I Dont Even Whant's To SMMILE
No worries. You guys hit it out of the park.
memorial day weekend if my check is looking right!
Dear Austin, all Mahomies would like you to stop wearing shirts. Thanks.
We had 100+ GA legislators participate, incl 55% of the Senate and 43% of the House Thank you!
Halie walks in " I know i smell like a pig" hahahahahaha wow!
I'm going to miss you at events. :-(
Don't let this series fool you they let these bums hang around to make sure they had Metta for OKC!
I'll vote for you(:
#moolaboys we walk in the store just off a spaceship and tickets waiting <U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080>SPACESHIPS BITCHES<U+2755><U+2755><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080>
thats good...I'm still with my high school sweet heart... so I'm happy where I'm at
Oh, I get it now! "Bad" as in really fantastic. I misunderstood you. My apologies!
watching Horrible Bosses.. :D
They made more fuckin baskets in the last minute than in the 3rd quarter
I am a stay at home Dad, but after two days of my wife away I am in absolute wonder at the single parents out there, doing it right. Amazing
been spending the day posted up by grandmas bedside
Choose wisely!
nightside photo staff just doesn't want to take the fall again. Good luck with that though. Can't be fun
OMG #PickMeELLEN or my mom, she'd go crazy knowing it was from youu. :)
when can we expect to see you in Louisville??
Is the water to deep for Chuck at Syphilis Pool Suites?
two girls one bearded clam
Join us Thurs 3/8 for a firkin of 100% Oak Barrel Fermented Unfiltered Double Barrel Ale...absolutely sublime!
Wu-Tang Meets Indie Culture... Lyrical Swords
YIPEEE! Thanks! RT : I am going to consume a BBQ pepperoni pizza very very soon!
yeah I did in art, shows how much you listen to me. And Logan was like ghetto fizzy?
: Enjoy yourself Mr. DA!
Really??? I thought it was very entertaining. Live shows usually have a couple of hiccups alomg the way
I had fun at the NKOTBSB concert last night! Great show! Looking forward to seeing them again in Hershey, PA in July! :)
Haha. Shhh. That was supposed to be a secret.
they really need to come up with a Lolcat version so that I can always win. = )
Thanks man, I have a good friend of mine who is going to be interning there this summer so I figured that I stay in the know
And to you Thanks!
"oh my goodness" by Olly Murs has been on repeat in my head all day today.
If you can't love my dogs, you can't love me. That's how it goes.
... AND NOW let the New Spring Menu Begin !! Come check it out!
I think I have Dissociation Disorder.
I am so excited that Molly is vacating her apartment in 3 weeks!!!
Love 'em... but, I was hoping for another "You're Gonna Go Far, kid." Kid.
Fans of former childstar Jack Wild, a huge collection of JW stills at garage sale this Saturday 9-2 at Cahuenga & Bloomfield in Toluca Lake
My writing SUCKS today. Resorting to desperate measures. Blowing dust from treadmill. That's right. I'm going to exercise.
sorry for that night! EMBARRASSED! lol
did any one else try to copy selena's style on the old WOWP? cuz..i did.
Yes, I am! Interested in scoping out the milkshake scene in the east bay sometime soon? I've got 3 joints in mind.
Sav! thanks bestie, let's hang out soon! #piccomolo?!
Listening to Margaret Weiss talk about the evolution of Dragonlance. A (funny) lesson in collaboration and imagination.
Dave in Seattle work at Amazon. Fav dance move..."the sprinkler" LOL
Um...pardon the incorrect English in my previous tweet.
I hate when people are listening to my phone conversation
Any special reason Cozart not in the lineup???
I love Whitney but come on every other tweet doesn't have to b about her plenty people die every day but dnt get spoken about o.0
is this liver failure? I see a light at the end of the bar!
Up back on this money train lets get it
thank you, too. it feels good being of help. :) also thanks for the compliment in there.
It's living in BFE, Wisconsin.
Hate me all you want, but honestly #idgaf what you think of me.
trying to get to the tech team. Hope to have an update soon.
The #Cincinnati uniforms are awesome
all late lol :D
Play stopped in Braves/Rockies, fan apparently badly injured by foul ball, not showing replays or fan being attended to...
There goes the home-winning streak... I'm still madly in love with Marc-Andre Fleury, regardless of how many goals he lets in
no Mitch tonight, we goin out to eat around 6 or what??
_ you need one in Atlanta !!!!!!
If this happens we will call for a boycott on all things from China purchased by the US.
yeah like 50 minutes ago. lol it was when 787 came
I am on a new Networking site!
To quote Ned Nederlander quoting Dorothy Gish in the Three Amigos: "Young man. You. Have. Got it!" Great broadcast today.
dude your twitter has been hacked, I'm getting porn style spam from you
thanks! Glad you enjoyed it!
You are worthy!
Fun I look forward to it! :)
Super excited...(:
DEADLY CRASH: 99W is closed in both directions @ Trunk St (mp 27) in Dundee. A detour is in place
Just fuckin ßhit up in new hampshire today
Through Him nothing is impossible
Yup. I've been keeping an eye on it for the past two years. However, BT's solution (as shown) is overkill IMHO.
Almost done packing .....
Had a fun day at SeaWorld :)
my cape is polka-dot. you? :)
Chef Jon has joined twitter! Follow him to find out the latest scoop..
But thanks <=}
watching code geass love it
RT : I wanna get away. Far away from Texas! For a while. A long while!
Understood :) He/she needs to read our next book - all abt managing in a results-only fashion.
Maybe we can get her some acting experience this summer then!
Tune in now! The lady rockers reign the airwaves on KBeach from 5-6 p.m. on Tuesdays!
you have a typo on your "unlock A/B split campaigns" page, campaigns is spelled incorrectly.
"You're a walking hamburger" #Supernaturalmoment Lol.
I got the same underwear :)
do what?
Awww is so cute! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> next time you come to upstate bring Joseph!
I feel like I'm taking crazy pills.
Thx Shelly, guess its just hitting me now, I buried dad yesterday and mom 45 days ago, and I am just so sad. Got my birdies tho
That awkward moment when you hit someone's car with your car door and they're sitting in it.
Never get into Fights with ugly people they have nothing to loose
you are on your way.
#NowThatImOlder I put myself first.
"I'm gonna live my life, no matter what we party tonight." happy birthday to my inspiration, my role model, my life !
seriously! they are selling for 100$ already why
Bend & Snap!
weird! all set now...
unless someone has to sing. a full stomach is terrible for a singer.
Took a drug test for work. Mom tells brother she doesnt know how i passed... Right infront of my new bosses.
I'm 18.. I have fucking freedom of speech! Why don't you start fucking handling your own damn kids before you say shit to me!
It's a good thing sleep is overrated...can't remember getting more than 5 hrs at a time. #Sleepwhenyou'redead
I miss my aunte. : (
...points at nose and says 'hm:'
Why thanks! Can't help but concur. Our new #FireIceExhibit about Hindenburg & Titanic also very cool. cc
RFT.!!:D I'm so excited for tomorrow.
I wonder if my chica is out on her patio sipping on this gorgeous day?
Yurp that's my rap name!! Lol
Perhaps its part of a campaign to raise public awareness of breast cancer.
Is anyone else kind of freaking out that there is snow in NY now? Saw some hideous news footage.
8 more days of this waking up at 6 in the morning shizzy.
Asked about job application at Dekalb farmer's market out of curiosity- They interview queues of people one hour every single week..
That was NOT a knockdown. Puhleez. Manny unleashed now
she's a squirter
Did they say they're singing Paradise by the Dashboard Light on Glee?
So the big Zuckerberg announcement was about knowing your friends organ donor status. I thought it was going to be about bullying and safety
Glad to play it! Just remember us and when you hit it SUPER big. ;)
but as article clearly demonstrates, what you call yourself and what you practice aren't always the same.
Can't wait to check out when it opens!
Use site search analytics 2 inform what ur users want from u. Then tweak ur site 2 satisfy them. RT
Lacey Jones knocked me out of the poker tournament after I was doing so well.... Should have known she wouldn't of bluffed me!
Blanc Du Bois is Texas' white grape in the coastal region.
I just hate it when people cheat while in a relationship. Losers.
haha #magical looking forward to it!
Best night ever watching and blogtv!! So happy I got to talk to them TWICE!
Happy New Year my loves! Miss y'all xoxo
Had a great opening last night; thanks to all who attended! Open today from 12-6p.
I'll pour one out of Liniment Oil for ya “: - I will be accepting fruit baskets & get well cards.”
Shout outs to and thanks for following we always follow back.
Wow! Seems like all of #vegas is coming out to in tonight for ! Are you one of em?
Thank your for the intro!
We are looking for bands for a compilation c.d. Email if you're interested
Anytime is a good time
Hi! We are a functional mixed martial art studio. It is a blend of several arts such as Tae Kwon Do, Kickboxing, and Muay Thai.
hahaha, i cant believe you put that up lol.
RT Buss a nigga head smack a hoe shoot the club up. // lol
oh ok good! Where at?
Just got 4 tickets for the v. Dodgers game May 6th! Great way to end the school year!
Night tweeters. Love you all xoxoxo!
that's hilarious
yes sometimes life is to glamorous for words
Arianna Huffington shares how sleep increases productivity & happiness -- and leads to smarter decision-making. talk...
No! Everything will be okay!!! It's the magic of Nikita! :D lol
Trying to stick to my Lenten writing challenge sitting next to an open window on this gorgeous day. Not easy. Lord have mercy.
Coffee With .......... Who do you think we are having COFFEE WITH on Monday morning 03.05.2012 ? Three Pittsburgh leaders - watch for th…
I love your music so much! Your my inspiration and I look up to you a lot! Please follow me? I'd do anything!
buying some Mary Jane. <3
The very talented ScholarMatch student Dorrian Lewis is wowo
Oh, I think I'm going to enjoy this... #50Shades is still on my TBR pile.
After 9.3 hours of markdowns, I am officially exhausted.
So freakin' tired and oh so looking forward to jury duty early in the morning! Arg! #%!*
I am unique!
#lastfridayof2011 equals signing of my new lease
Am I really intimidating.?
Forward ever...but backward never..
Thank you, I'll investigate now. Chalk it up to the Powers that Be ;-)
i dont live there i was born in america but my grandparents are indian,but im still indian,mumbai is great since iv been there
4: When in doubt, figure it out later. #sxswi #commcenter "We don't have spam now, so we'll figure it out later."
At the 7th District Health Profile meeting. This should be interesting.
I'm really going to miss it, miss it a lot!
Alrighty! You should follow us too!
You already have what you need to get everything you want.
Headed back to #LA for game 7
hahaha, I barely know any of it & idek how it got stuck in my head
Our day is going to be so epic that I can't sleep. So excited.
normally you can be happy for a coach earning his first title, not in this case with Calipari
that dat shit bright was sing when he got his ass rocked
Happy Mothers Day!
aww missed u by 26 minutes :( sad face
your not human
you know it!
Reached that point when it's 3am, do not give any fucks, already came to terms that I will not pass my orgo quiz or microbio exam tomorrow.
What, you don't trust the mayor with contracts? *wink* ;}
local Hyundai dealership in Midrand calls it "an African icon".
Lets do it!!
Someone pleas tell me what happens to all of the lost chapsticks in the world?? I've never finished one...so WHERE do they go??
What do you call an aardvark that's just won a fight?A well 'aardvark!
2 more hours.
Thanks patty!
we're waiting to see if we get another dog, but we'd love to see pics/meet Hunter! I'd have 5 dogs if let me :)
not standing w He pointed out the tweet & I wanted to know how thought that was appropriate
Congrats to new SD-SPJ board member Matt Hall (), appointed to fill seat vacated by Ana Tintocalis, who moved to Welcome!
To all the mom's holding it down on their own, without complaint...HAPPY FATHER'S DAY!!!!
Welcome and thanks All perspectives worth seeing.
Tht really wasn't mean tho RT : you don't have to be mean :( I do have feelings.
hahaha I'll try and take a ton of pictures. Probably won't be very good, but still. Haha
those are the two I want to win!
Hahah that would happen to be got all excited cause I thought my shoes finally got here. Nope. Just text books
we r looking for volunteers 4 our neighborhood breakfast in North LB (houghton park) Aug 28th. interested? pls email
hi, how about Ohio?
Here's a stupid question: Where is front end developers community on the web? Is there a forum where the cool kids hang out?
Shoot, I was hoping it was a Henry V pinball machine.
call me on matts phone
Having an organizational big idea b4 social media strategy reminds me of saying you need a business plan b4 comm strategy.
Had a wonderful time auditioning for The Tinsmith, thanks again to Doug Shapiro for recommending me for this opportunity!
News Tiger Woods gives boost to buzz-starved Australian Open With Tiger Woods and most of the U.S. Presidents Cup team in at
# they're inspirations to me & i would DIE to meet them
ugh, good luck with your move! It is so hard, but feels really good once you're done!
there's never anything good on Fridays :(
Have been perusing articles from the American Archivist from its first five decades. Oh how things have changed! YES!
Really hope follows me I love her and She's amazing on icarly!!!!!
Nene on the Wizards?!?! And Stephen Jackson and his magic hamstring back with the Spurs? I love this game!
Clearly prosecutors in the state of #Florida don't understand the concept of impartiality or ethical standards.
Think the #Jags forgot to take it off auto-select for that punter pick ala in every AFL draft
Now everybody knows I'm not high on the Lakers, but damn. You gotta give props where props are due.
head is!
WWUUUUSSSSSUUUPPPPPPP tweeters?! right now,
God bless sis! If you ever have a need or prayer request just let me know!
A downward spiral at this point would be a poetic addition to my life.
True happiness lies with those who celebrate the quotidian as well as the extraordinary! DM
i wanna scream fuck you, but the problem is i still love you.
San Antonio looking good tonight against the Clippers.
Always the fat girl saying something outrageous.
That ruined it. I'm out
Happy Birthday to one of my fav #pr peeps, !
1912 marked the second year the Coe family lived at Planting Fields.
This free iPod sucks
Can't Wait!!
oh hey girl
I wish we held auditions for choir members.
LOVE CLOWN SHOES & RHCP!
Spring Break Party this coming Saturday, one of our biggest parties of the year featuring wearing nothing but a furry Speedo!
GOP message:If you have a job nothing else in your life matters. Rights, relationships, misogyny don't matter. Can't talk about nothing else
my name is Hector
exactly and it has enough features to keep track of everything
Didn't expect today to be so tough, you would of figured that on a Sunday everything would be chill. ( exhausted)
I know hes a flirt, but i wanna see where I can take this.. maybe I can change the game.
serious question who would win a fight between an airplane and a helicopter
im home from work
That point in the day when my head just hurts
Me too.
Well, now you know someone that lives in Vegas. Do some traveling when you can and go see some stuff. I want to go to Europe
Computer Human Interaction -- a ACM conference! It's here in Austin this year. I've been somewhat preoccupied due to it.
I lost my email account screen name because of the call center in India. When will AOL bring call center back to USA
mine has gone through a lot of changes. used to have a lot more school work, now I just want to show more work work
Fantasy football is ruining my life
Most importantly: God Bless the United States of America
So glad baseball is back! Happy spring Chicago!!
So cool about "Rumors" on RelevantMagazine.com! yippee!! :)
Hello spider in the corner, you just chillin yeah? BANG!! slipper to the head :)
42 years of dictatorship in Libya is simply unacceptable. Gaddafi has killed enough of his people, and the world must deal with him now!
Off to school can't wait for #crj104 class tonight! This chapter sounds interesting :)
Pau Gasol is a total piece of shit. I swear...this guy has zero heart, and definitely does not have any balls.
I HATE MOTHS!
I want a tattoo
yesh, just trying to think if the best /most interesting spot for Jackson.
It's going to hard for to sit down for a couple of days. He's getting his butt kicked!
RT : Hertz: The ipod wasnt that successful, Apple started making major gains only when itunes store launched
Tweet me what your doing tonight? Let's have more than one tweet back lol. Bostonians I wanna hear from you!! :)
theirs no need to lie
Thanks for the shout out!
We have tons of #awesome prizes to give to our performers this week. Thx to + more.
lmao but they make the games fun. I know they don't know a damn thing about what's going but they're funny as hell.
Warner had 15 Ks in that game, 1 walk.
Brewers to host half-marathon on Sept. 22. Race in Miller Park area will benefit MACC Fund.
The British use the word 'rubbish' better than we do. Where's the American Exceptionalism on that?!
How do you act when all of your texts are ignored?
POSTPONED: Bernice King's event Thurs. (5/10) in #Shirlington. Will tweet when her trip to DC is rescheduled. cc:
Are you advertising with Custom Printed TShirts? If not, it's time! Make a lasting impression with www.inkscreens.com. 1-800-724-0577
You can catch me at that Super 8
A grand idea!
Get ready for Open Mic Night tonight, starting at 10 p.m., featuring comedy and more.
So true...safe travels : Rain + San Antonio = bad commute!
When I'm most proud of my team? When something goes wrong and the guests are still thanking us. And we fix it seemlessly. Phew!
Thanks :D
yea its really not that bad, but then again I kinda like the feeling lol
Be sure to stop by this weekend tosee Hoosier Ladies Aside demonstrate sidesaddle horseback riding at noon and 2 in 1863 Civil War Journey.
Ravens have decision to make -- move Kruger or Upshaw to Suggs' position.
is exited to play tomorrow. yup
I don't care how amazing you are to all the rest of the people in the world, if you're a fuckhead to your kid, you're an asshole in my book
hi :) how are you niall? ALOHA
Is it worth comparing #8in8 to Coca Cola's #withmaroon5 stunt?
Yeah I noticed they cut harrys solo:(
Somehow the boy managed to fall asleep in the middle of all this.
Serina, please. Don't get me wrong Drake is extremely talented. It's more of an inside joke- But he really is soft..
Let's start the week by being productive .. Thank God , he's never failed me yet..
follow me please :(
English Class Is Boring -_-
"Scream" by Usher is a highkey
Mike was the best dancer
cool backround i lov her song google me baby
Also, there was a latin-related wine question recently and I thought of you.
Also, now pretty sure that is the Rajah of RegEx.
thanks so much that means a lot!!! “: . heard great things about you from ”
Opt for school story. Smoke vote will employ same rhetoric as every other smoke vote.
#asksam will you please follow my friend ? she cried when you didnt win BGT <3?
Will I see you in September? I didn't hear back from Tara.
I hope you had a awesome 15 birthday prince, bet you can't wait for your 16th huh?
Thanks for following me, Carson.
I'm just saying, you can do better
: you win this round Ozzie.
how's that going for you? I know you're excited to graduate
still want to trade the assault for a container of jack3d?
Clarification: my "should I buy such-and-such a book" tweets are work-related. But maybe Venezuelan beer is actually interesting.
Don't feel bad. You're there and you're helping.
is that their first album?
What am I doing with my life? Watching the Rangers game instead of the Preds game. And I turn it on and the Preds score.
Did some guy just close that door ?
#aftc12 Reeds Law and social learning and structures...need to investigate
Wonderful time at #TSE12 Thanks for putting together a lovely event!
do you have iTunes?
attended many interesting sessions plus a great keynote speech on his first day at the Conference on World Affairs at CU, Boulder.
#GoodNight Sweet Dreams or Beautiful Nightmares #Work in the am
I'm planning to review it, at least online
I fully agree with you in every way.
Yeah, that's normal for about a good 2 wks. Are you in a splint or something right now?
Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody's going to know whether you did it or not. -Oprah
awesome! Are you going to get one of those riding mowers? They look so cool!
“: Matt Schaub is now on twitter time he was on the show he wasn't on twitter...”
#Blackparentsquotes I'm on my way home the whole house better be clean! *well damn. You 15 minutes away*
I don't want to take a Tara seat, but any other time I'm in. Also how is UD, getting better? might play later?
this makes me SAD!! Joey Lawrence makes it a little better.
google sitemap was influenced by OAI but didn't work out later
I think Lakers going down bro!!!???
Jonesy with the solo shot!
Common sense is genius dressed in its working clothes. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Spring is here, new beginings, new gardens, new life. House has u in over your head? Come up for air. We can help. Foreclosure busting team.
After donating blood today I will have donated 1 gallon of blood! Yay for saving lives!
yes c:
Operation School Bell aids students in need Kyrene School District students get new clothes and a free meal as part of Operation School B
When electricity is out, #SocialMedia not just go-to for info; is a public forum for instant problem solving & dialogue
i wanna apply there when i get home! i worked bday parties as my first job and wanna do it again! lol are they hiring?
that looks delicious!
April 16-22 is the weeklong Bid-A-Thon to benefit Dane Buy Local! Support local business by texting BID to 30364 for info & deals!
Happy Easter to those who celebrate it!
male nudity should have never been invented
RT : Starting salary for an engineer out of college in Silicon Valley... 140k USD! 100,000 vacancies there.
Why have audiences underestimated "Moneyball"?
I require savvy investment tips in return!
Lol...no you are that young!...I remember bill hailey!
tweet tweet tweet tweet
SCROLL DOWN OUR FB PAGE TO FIND VOTING BOXES....THANKS
If you ever need some good work done on a Tattoo see Sean at Seven Seas Tattoo!
Some will keep lying afterward. You can provide six witnesses, video proof & a signed, notarized statement from their mom.
He feels revolted if he saw or touched money
I'm way too gone what the fuck am I doin
"So you like someone? Well go out and tell them. You gotta be agressive, we used to beat 'em in the head and drag 'em home!"
MT : Thank you to 2,000 wonderful followers for supporting #hire4ability cause! Let's get to work!
I miss you!
Pet Lovers, hire an in-home pet sitter today..
Seriously, that was alarmingly spot-on!
Thanks for answering my kids question on Sunday he was so excited. We'll miss you, best of wishes.
2 more minutes til 5th period. Which im gonna skip like always & go to my fav teacher c:
Follow up: Cleveland High School now back to normal operation. Previous report of bomb threat dismissed by
I don't mind paying....
i really need to meet my lil cousin layelle & spark up with my cuz
STOP! Before u do anything else, Eradicate #envy from ur life. Dont miss out on the grand plan of beingYou. Who says? #God!He made you.
Do you know any more? Where'd you find out about it?
me neither. Drinking is for losers. I did meth all day yesterday.
doin pretty good how about you
Greg: you were sitting right behind me! next time, we have to gtg!
UX matters…simple modals and jquery…layering UX on platform components is an interesting exercise ()
I honestly don't think I ever have.
New number <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B2>
cant talk, cant swallow, just type?! my throat hurts, like BUTT!!!!! :(((( poo......
takes pleasure in wishing all nurturing women grand Mother's Day celebrations around the world.
a 10-3 score between Philly and Pitt... wait, football starts in April now???
What you doing Bff?
yea too sad for that I prolly wouldnt be back in time
Martha Driver has students take on personas from history/lit and create them in 2nd life. Maybe I'll try that myself in Minecraft!
I dunno why ppl stress over the small things. You still living so wat you complaining for
8-4 at the switch in the 5th! Go FINISH THEM!!!!
consciousness = a subjective state of perceiving & being aware of what's going on inside & outside to focus attention & intention
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all. - Aristotle
I'm a meteorologist, an optimist and a perfectionist. My rain gauge is 50.000001% full... :-)
ohh hahaha you're right... Men's studies... Otherwise known as history
watched real world / road rules challenge & thought of you. there were a few ppl from 17 years ago so I knew them cc
I hope one day, you choke on the shit you say.
It destroyed two tires and the wheel well. Its back up and running today!
Gary Haugen should get a community service medal.
Wondering how can I start my rj and what to write... :<.
Best of luck to as the Minnesota Twins open their season today!
Your face after sang his last song tonight hahahhahahhaa
number? My phone broke ill text on imessage! Dm me it
LAST MINUTE RESCHEDULING! BLUE MAGIC IS NOW AVAILABLE THIS SATURDAY NIGHT! Contact us now for deeply discounted rate. 405.447.2446
So long Mrs Ford, we toast you this evening. Xx
yep ..but the not helping his mom is manners due to the lack of responsibility..he shoulda been holding groceries since young
Google Puts Search On Windows Phone 7 eweekeurope.co.uk/news/google-pu… via
“: According to studies, the more you talk about someone, the more you fall for them.” JORDAN MARK WITZIGREUTER *cough cough*
.sitting on a toilet. Sitting on a Toilet. Sitting on a toilet. Sitting on a toilet.
just kidding c:< ^.^
Looks tasty!
That's really awesome. We always love to hear what our students are doing and would love to hear more about your project!
i love you too :) follow me please???
Disclaimer: if he's putting it on twitter it means its not for real
Rollerjam got cancelled because of the damage from Hurricane Irene. && they will have the rescheduled date up by 5.
I've been blessed.. with a talent that I'm grateful for, practice makes perfect.. I do this EVERYDAY!!! #MUSIC is NOT my hobby, it's my LIFE
Be thankful for the little things that you have!!
understandable. Can't pass up a 6'9" Asian PG!
who is that?
Thanks Angie! We're excited too!
Big Bang
#Omg Paranormal Activity 3 Looks AWSOME!!!! Wanna Go See It Ahh:P
Fresh Besto Pesto at Mandela Market on 7th Street in West Oakland. Get yours for the weekend. Peace, Chef Toussaint
sometimes a break after a training cycle is a great way to get reenergized for your next round of training!
Left my phone at home. What's the over under on how long I will last?
Matt Kemp comes out of the game in the 4th. Looks like he pulled up slow running to 1st, was playing with an iffy hamstring
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other
Morning! Today I am working on the MOBILE again! Somehow it didn't get finished yet...
Baker&#39;s Dozen Chapter 1: July 26, 2009, a Harry Potter and Criminal ...
I like to think coach had softball 1.5 hrs earlier tonight so I could go home & watch #DCU - maybe ill make it on Saturday.
Coming soon: The Parent Student Agreement.
It's down, yes.
On Friday, I'm going to MARS!!!!!!! Lol
I love one of my closest friends
exactly!! Like if you like the boys' music, then follow ALL, not just Harry. It's a BAND not SOLO artist. lol I get so upset.
He's hated in Wisconsin, specifically among supporters, but Tom Crean has his Indiana Hoosiers ballin' !
Eric Sims wrote: "“Serve God and fear no one.” Emmet Fox"
Somebody just played Freebird on the jukebox. No really. I'm serious.
#mynextboo , idk. Lets hope I can keep the one I have noww.
Yeh, frankly it's kinda weird...
At Parkrose Education Foundation retreat. Great work being done for east county kids.
So many reasons to walk out of this lecture; none greater than the lone pop tarts pouch sitting at home
I can be your china doll if you'd like to see me fall.
Lovely to see you at our #F13 #fashionmassacre event last night! Thanks for coming out!
Happy National Coffee Day everyone!! Go get a big cup of Joe!!
I have no idea
Whoo rough one. Tired. I just finished a 3.35 mi run with a pace of 10'59"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
thanks for this. For No One is one of my top 3 Beatles songs.
Ryan said it will be shocking. Jessica going home. That would be a sad night.
The greater your capacity to love, the greater your capacity to feel the pain.-- Jennifer Aniston
Good for Orioles' fans. ": Four for Hamilton. Standing O at Camden Yards."
Ugh, what the hell is going on with google tonight -___-
Sounds like we work for the same type of boss! What fucking morons!
everyone has been
SOX: Great to see back in the broadcast booth tonight after a bit of an absence with sinus infection.
“Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.” – Leon J. Suenes
"surprisingly social media?" More like "overly" so.
do whatever you want! Just let me know what u decide! Appreciate ur willingness!
Thanks for coming! Send us a link when you're done. cc:
But again, it also makes me miss President Clinton, because ring interviewed by 4-5 women was in his fucking wheelhouse
: tickets are selling out for this weekend! Call 202-234-7174 to make your reservation.
Wearing my grumpypants. You've been warned.
about to hit up boone links if anyone else wants in.
Awesome day dancers! Competition hair&makeup looked GREAT & costumes really brought the dances 2 life! 1st competition, less than 2 weeks!
This physical science test is going to kill me
Oh Mr.PandaBear!! SIT!! (:
RT : One thing I hate is a liar
You mess with the B, you get the F
You're very welcome! Glad you enjoyed yourself.
Interesting. I hope it's just right out the gate. I also hope he goes back to his cheerleader days.
For the moments when you go to sea & you can't wait to dive !
I was simply saying that HOTNESS applied also... lol
Just at the mall and smelled #abercrombie before I could even see it.
why is that?
"Blood Money Media" race baitors, Nazi be marching for dark latino, hung around black folks, I guess everyone will write a best seller book
Watching my gf pack up her dorm in garbage bags :( don't want her to go
text me later fool
oh I pinkie promise I will go to your game and I pinkie promise I won't smoke or drink anymore !
u cant have champagne niggah wit beer pockets
Looks like a fun ride... I bet it could hold 12 people your size :-)
1 new follower... Here's a hint
Top 10 #Sports stories of the day-- WWW. USSportspages.com
it would MAKE MY DAY to be wrong... </3 omg
Awesome report! Thank you for sharing
Interviewed by today, so watch for it on tonight's Channel 27 news!
But realtalk: how'd you accumulate that dust? :)
dang, no love this way i see.
is going solar, and in a pretty smart way, if we do say so ourselves. They're putting solar in new homes. Finally, someone gets it.
What do , , , & have in common tonight? Stay tuned to find out...
Social media is not only driving core metrics for marketers, but is also generating massive amounts of data.
thx for the fiollow. followed u back!
How come shows REFUSE to pay for their own closed captioning?
I had to check out this recipe based on name alone. After looking at it, will definitely make at my next party! thx
matter fact , Go to Sleep ! DANG "/
I have to let you guys check out ! I keep scrolling threw her work and feel the need to share! We will be shooting soon!
Breezy and chilly out there with a few stay flurries but we'll see conditions improving for tomorrow! I'll have details on 10TV tonight...
those look awesome! good job!
#NP November Rain - Guns N Roses
I agree with Twitter, why wait to foul?
I'm young & I am free, but I get tired & I get weak. I get lost & I can't sleep.
Happiness being a dessert so sweet May life give more than you can ever eat. –Irish proverb
#Justified holy shit that's how you start a show!
Tomorrow - heading back into Manhattan for two nights, then to Queens then to Trenton - it's getting crazy! www.intothelightwalk.com
Cry over cuts and stitches not sluts and bitches
lol, maybe u have sleep apnea.. U need one of those big machines on ur face to sleep.. Lol
Addy gold for and the 2010 addy freak show campaign
contact me on email
Can I just tweet Louis C.K. standup all the time?
Is "homeschooled" the proper word or is there a hyphen like "home-schooled"?? Or is it two words altogether, no hyphen?
PS: Rumor has it Dom is meet n' greet n' folks in store right meow. 6pm-8pm. Go check out the new digs: 705a East Pike on Capitol Hill.
Fist Pump Nation starts soon!!!
- Courts haven't looked at digital self-pub as "normal exploit" (Berne Art 9), but it has become normal.
“: Yep on my right side.”MINE TOO lol
Happy 4-20 to those who partake...I do my 4-20 thang year-round so just another day to me. But any-who enjoy!
text me about it.
First time catching blue crabs and holding a snapping neck turtle
Do you guys like to listen to drake ??
Really? Next you'll tell us abt the politician that never runs for office & turns down political appointments.
Phrase of the day and hope this will make your day! "When you are thinking BIG, Big Thing Happen" Have a great day Friends!:)
Innovation economy of the Puget Sound region is not limited to software and high tech. Washingtonians have always driven northern expansion.
how bout bo transfers and we keep uthoff?
Douchebag is on TV.
He even said Trey was the kind of person he makes fun off (or something to that effect). ?!?!?!?!
The best inheritance a parent can give to his children is a few minutes of their time each day. -- M. Grundler
Nothing yet. Sister hired a pet investigator. 90% success rate. Thx for the support! RT : Any word on search for dog?
"May the roof above us never fall in, and may we good companions beneath it never fall out." - Irish blessing.
lmaoo I'm hella laughing now!! Omg wtf aahahahahahhahaha .. whys would he have a house phone? LOL is that nigga okay?
I hate snow.
WORD. RT Back in the pilot's seat for the last time this week. Thank. God. Friday.
Watching a mormon defending "traditional" marriage because "that's the way it has always been" Unless you come from polygamist descent!
I'm not sure I'm an expert, but I have eaten a lot of food in Charleston. Poogan's Porch, SNOB & Poe's are all amazing!
I am at OKC
Can't wait for this weekend. We love Concrete Grip and we love the A Club. Free tickets outside the venue before the show! Come get 'em!
chord overstreet & zombies
don't you go teasing us with a good time ...
So crowded at this premiere for the #Avengers, I have to wait hella just for snacks!
Dozed off a minute had most amazing dream that I was in ocean with a friend seemed so real guess vacation is calling my name!
The pillar of the world is hope. -Nigerian proverb
lol yea that was the plan last semester. Lol (evil laugh)
We'll see you then, Ric!
hahaha yeah its a compliment (: !
Man... Shut up Kobe. Yo bald looking airplane self. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
The list is right. There will be 9 of us. Margie Gelbwasser was originally going to come, but she can't now.
Do you hate waiting in long lines? Come enjoy the open road with us!!!
5 novels & 25 feature films coming soon.....
Fannie Sees Improvement in Default Rates for Loan Mods
Yeah, I gots jokes.
Using word clouds to analyze student writing - sts can keep track of most often used words & see variety - richness of lang
Every Tues is #Acoustic #OpenMic Night @ Flora & Muse
Thanks to for the follow. Text messages are a great way to keep people up to date. Ask me how!
Go Bucky in Pasadena
yes, small biz & nonprofit free for up to 5 users
Confession: i've been a moderately passive Clippers fan since I was a kid. A kid! Love underdogs...
To all the haters out there I wish you the best. You cant bring me down. I wake up everyday grateful for my fans -JustinBieber
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Lentil and Tortilla . Sugar-free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
what up!
Yea Pacers!!!
would if you were dming me :P
feeling guilty about not studying because you had to write a paper instead
what time is your flight
Weird mood weird mood! making weird noises all morning <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AF><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B9>
I look so weird without eyeliner.
Wonder if a girl ever sucked a dude toes b4...
Haha! Biggest irony of being an English teacher: little time for personal writing or reading. :)
Where they at???? Lol. RT : puck sluts
Must be why I'm so exhausted! #sbseminar2012 RT You're having too much fun!
Just a few more days till spring breal where i am :)
I don't know which is worse- #Walker believing the lies he's telling, or the masses believing the lies he's telling.
Tonight's anatomy lesson from Auden: "Wynn was in your belly, swimming. And then he came out of your mouth, because you burped." ROFL!
Hey Tila Tequila my name is Julian i am 17 and i think u r beautiful. u should follow me baby girl
answer a ? for an old school coral springs guy: what's wrong with baseball?
When I am having a face to face conversation with someone and they're telling me shit I don't care about, I walk away. *Kanye shrug*
no but they heard a big ass thump lmao!
a little birdy told me someone is turning the big 3-0 this week! Have a good week and have fun golfing !
sent you guys my new mixtape!
Be sure to check out Bandwidthmusic.com! Great indie music online store!
Today is the 67th anniversary of D-Day Let's remember those who died on the beaches of Normandy & those who went on to defeat Nazi Germany
**HOT** "NOTICE" -ruff mix.mp3 by BIG RHINO BROWN. "We Blast Ent." we make muzik for mutha phukas like you!
Today was live. Me and Haroun helped the girls soccer team to get a penalty and score a free kick. Aayyyyooooooo
I have no words.
They don't call me Queso 4 nothin! Would give my arm, leg and half my first born for lifetime supply from !
Love the Wecolme to Deutschtown mural with the painted stain glass windows and piano player.
Blossom & The Front Row theater. Great Times!
RT : RT : If Your Mate Is Not Your Closest Confidant.. That Situation May Need To Be Reevaluated.
for real? Day drinking Saturday afternoon at Brooks' house
"Now I see the secret of making the best person: it is to grow in the open air & to eat & sleep with the earth."~Whitman. Sleep well, yogis!
They are jamming the music here at #Lifeclass! I can't wait to see Lady O! Whoo-hoo!
what a wonderful distraction you are..<3
Coolest VP job...ever. Has to be fun being a part of college team.
Still shooting this video. Gonna be a long night
Precious pearl... And princess diamond..
What's up you guys?
How are you, maybe follow me back?(: #You'rCute&'HaveAGoodVoice<3
Happy Easter Easter Bunny, buck buck!
I am super throwd.... goin ta bed lik now
You girls are hilarious. I want IN. Can I be a West Coast competitor in the challenge?!
what's new
lmao I love how you just said that! took the words right.outta my.mouth!
Good morning. It's time to live another retarded day at school. Yay -.-
Email me any questions you may have about bankruptcy or credit repair to
So all this hooplah is over raven being gay was sparked by nediatakeout -_-
peace my team is compiling a list of all your battles. wanted to connect with you here so you know that we exist
I'm I lying or is it true idk I wasn't there?
Dude! Congrats! For the 1st time in all our political discourse have you finally said something I can safely say is misinformed...
Thanks so much!
Don't quit on Nova. Though I feel your pain with how they've been playin as of late.
I just got my new Zune HD today (switching from the iPod after many years) and love, love, love it!
Poppin my collar as I glide...
in other news: brick n mortar store will be in south bay are of los angeles. grand opening of walk in store late june
Send them both. They both deserve it.
i like the original- see my previous tweet. :)
Feednamer Domain Finder Feednamer Domain FinderFind Niche Domains Using Our Unique Trend Mining Software. Domain Registratio
Your mom will be thrilled! :)
RT Now following via
Thinking of doing a 5k this summer. How do I train? I can easily do that on the elliptical at the gym, but how does that compare?
Justin Bieber is amazing(:
bidding on ebay is fun.
The boundaries of Native American territories are not formally represented in the Atlas data, but at the same time very present in it
Rebel yellin' all night long, suga.
You'll say you love me ad I'll end up lying and say I love you too.
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':5
Why dont I look like Serena from gossip girl
pampering up...and relaxing! U?
Good girls end up with douchebags and good guys end up with bitches.
One of our #cleanweb hackers is putting out a desperate call for an #android developer. Come on down to participate or send a friend!
If LVM2 really has no (~16TB) size limit (based on PEs), then perhaps the Drobo was not such a great buy after all.
And now time to get ready for bed <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
lol. Idk, cause some people just get on my nerves. Aha.
At the Fillmore with Dengue Fever and Maus Haus!!!
Brewers off to good start...and brat and giant pickle could make the night!
Watching 2009 version of jack & the beanstalk w/Gilbert Godfrey, Chevy Chase & Christopher Lloyd. For some reason I can't look away.
Where you start is not where you end! Keep your head up all things are possible to those who believe, bless another on purpose...
those are very underwhelming bargain basement type shopping. Chiefs are embarrassingly disappointing so far.
what do you need an engineer for?! Lol can he help me with my physics homework??? :D LOVE YOU!
New evidence abt poverty & future economic trends, estimates that in the nxt 3 yrs homelessness could rise by 5 %, or 74,000 ppl in the US
this has been the Loongest min in the World! Whwn we goin to the bank!?
Coaster History: SFOG opened Superman Ultimate Flight April 6, 2002, Making this first ever pretzel loop Coaster 10 years old week. -Brad
hooray! :) i had a wave of disappointment that lasted MUCH > 90 seconds yesterday, but it too has passed :) Namaste.
Heck yeah.
No one is touching 17.
#Augusta #Maine tweeps: I just heard about this: "DO NOT GO NORTH ON 95. Major (4 mi at this time) backup:accident at mile 111 in Augusta"
Lapel mics are useful if the camera isn't close to the speaker. Don't forget you need sound.
thought I had that one for sure. Ugh -_-
“When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.”
I don't understand why my whole back aches. It's making everything uncomfortable to do. I feel like an old man.
RT : Suicide is a permanent solution, to a temporary problem. Please don't do it.
Audio Addiktion will be reviewing Stryper this Friday at Santa Fe Station! *Getting ready for the black and yellow....lol*
improv ain't standup. And it annoys me when people think it is.
stay on that smirn's...
Check out the comprehensive pain management service at ZeroSpinePain.com.
FYI - I changed my twitter handle to , just seemed cooler...
I wish I would have known Jimmy John's sandwiches are not hot.
it was hilarious, you'll love it.
"We never really learn from the first mistake, nor the second or third. It only hits us when we’re given the last chance"
Well, I guess it's that time, twits.
haha you and I both!
yes. I agree. It's like we had an invisible implosion like internal bleeding. We've got to, pardon the pun, get the Fire back
Check out the clearance items for Solis Energy on www.powerproductsdirect.com
The band is in the studio the next two days. We may wrap up everything on Tues night!
Done with online poker for a while...can't take the stress!
It's hot out!!How are you keeping cool?
Purdue crushed Illinois? By seven full points? Do my eyes deceive me?
- before you can "know people" know thyself. Most leaders I work with don't really have great self-awareness. JMHO!
i need 2 ask u a ?
Nope :( I won't even be at Internet Librarian in Monterey this year. My only CA events will be in LA in November.
Derby is whats up RT : Hello world what's up
I get to see my girls today. :)
I like Chipper and all but this is becoming nauseating
What's everybody doing in DC!? Bethesda?
Cooking Chinese. More difficult than it seems! Will probably order Chinese food.
nothing beats classic chestnut soup
Thanks! You are the Cat's pajamas! Midnight In Wilmington on Sat 28th! Dust off your glad rags and join the fun!
me too :-) anything for me is good
Effective communication and vision need to be at the top of my list for
Many reply all congrats emails today. The other 200 people here wish I hadn't gotten a promotion and clogged up their email. Sorry!
Wat Not U!!
who is this Katie chick?
are you really playing in the CPC?
Hillel smells of brisket, tables are laid, and we are ready for Rosh Hashanah. Shana Tova to all - a year of peace and good health to all.
Yes! DAMN YOU WHISKEY ICE CREAM!!
Showtime better show up in the 2nd half!!
ashley quit instigating<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
So why did we get rid of Briere again???
Ask for a follow, I'll follow back c:
ha!!!!!! I wish that was possible!
How abt you let me be the judge of that, i'll be sure to let you knw if i'm not ready... But right now i'm sayin lets get it
I'm good here in America.. You met my friends a couple of days ago :)
i love that song
aww that's good, I'm happy for you ... Do ya thang <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
With talking crazy shit as always.x3
had a beauitful night at the food and wine festival ..... getting ready for a casting tomorrow so cant wait .
youngest: Crookers feat. Style Of Eye &amp; Carli - That Laughing Track ...
WEEKS TO GET WHAT I NEEDED I SENT THREE FAXES TO HER ATTENTION, A NEW LETTER EACH TIME AND SHE BLEW ME OFF. SEPARATION LETTER REQUIRED
So I am thinking about taking up Hot Yoga. Anyone else pondering this idea?
is floored by how low some people can fall. i didnt think my opinion could be so small of anybody
Haha, nope it was lefty. I grabbed a vodka bottle out of the freezer and wrapped my hand around it. Didn't drink any tho.
You can make a huge impact in someones life today! Maybe, it would be by partnering with us.
i know sweetie right
Hope to see you in the brewpub this weekend!
excited to have you on board!
I was just saying how I want to see it! Maybe next week :)
is happy. Brewers.
UGH. Showers and deoderant people!! Good for you, tough girl!! Way to stick it out!
yup hold on
I love that shirt. I should buy it just so Greg can tease me about pinning things. He doesn't get it...
Prepping for a load-in...
HAPPY BURGER MONTH! RT #BELLY is in #Miami Jump on the belly train!
Good Night Babes
he`s a #pro at what he does
Quinn dance your ass off your flawless ass!!!!!
Hi, Dexter! "O, what does this button do?" - Dee Dee (Dexter’s Laboratory)
Happy Birthday !!! Hope you have a AMAZING DAY! Enjoy! Love ya! #Mahomie <333
The good ones never lose it.
Idk if I will be free next week I never know that's why you just need to tell me the day and i'll make sure to be free
Im so damm excited and I cant calm down until next week -_-
ITS MY MOHAWK AND I NEED IT NOW.
so which one you do bro?
The Navaho associates the powder on wings w/ insanity. A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
"Before you sacrifice everything you have, make sure what you give is really worth for what you get"
Your attempt to edit this post: “The Sweeper of Dreams” has failed. Please try again.
hahaha okay good! I was like.... Oh lord. There went that grade!! I wanted to text you but you know how that goes in her class.
I try to explain 2 folks that in order 4 indies to get 2 #1 they have to do Colabos with other serious artist. and then promote 2 their fans
Hi! How are are you feeling?
#Kuchar getting it in
Happy #WeltFrauenTag Thx for all you do! And a shout out to Sue Shaw, mother of 5 and sweetest soul on the planet.
Diall reminds me of a dill pickle don't know why...
lmao! Thank you!!
If u r not watching i.am.first on abc right now, u should b!
Off to Nottm to support Newark RUFC in 3 Counties Cup Final....Looks like my body will be wet inside and out!
Rocking a pair a sperrys and being proud about it. ='s you might be a homosexual.
haha well we've so far somehow progressed to his soccer team
Im feeling schlitty!!!!
Thank you to all our new Followers. The Mall Followers is growing fast new exciting links movies and stores are up loaded weekly.
Pumped to play on March 15th with
She said she ready to smoke.
Why the heck is Gary's name 'Gary Wilson Jr' ?
had the same thought at the yesterday. RT : Like yo this Mark Rothko is the shit! You see it works.
Comedy is like sex: it's funniest when all parties are consenting.
Pre-roll continues to be the dominant video ad format, representing 96.7% of content.
I just Re--tweeted it. I hope to see you there.
Glad they switched back to dancing.
Thanks for the permission to party on!
hey evanna just wanted to let you know the hard work will pay off Honest!! Im 15 and learned that.
can't wait till they get you back in the ring!
“: headed to ma bro .performance, bout to turn up #MarvelousMade” Tellem I Said W'sup. Wish I Cood Make That
“: Strasburg's changeup seems to take right-hand turns. Veering 90 degrees at 90 mph.” ddddiiirrttyyy...
Sure thing! Xx (;
"I'm too hardcore for that" I whisper to myself as my mother tells me I need to go to the hospital because my temperature is 101.2
Just was called boo by a truck driver. Really??? Some people ....
and hit that seat upgrade
I've got Lupe Fiasco stuck in my head
Chicago should feel honored to have 34 Prime Ministers/Presidents in its presence
Prep roundup: Muscatine stumbles to Assumption in girls tennis, 6-3
To get behavioral change participants can go into individual breakout rooms and role play
you can't just quit Drinking Whiskey like that. there's a 90 day contract.
this is calm?! Oh, my!
I know, we'd have so much fun!
It's one of my biggest pet peeves...
miss u guys
:) are you coming to my show tonight? $5 tickets! Text 3109169059 w ur name.
Is wearing a thong. I love you !!!!
RT : The teach in was amazing tonight....
emotionally drained! Now you know how my mom felt that one night Lol. For real though, hope you feel better girl. :)
. :) I melt during poor wondering one. Anyone who sings that song to me, I'd be their wench for a month.
Could you post or send me the link to your vid of students using CC images for presentations? Merci!
I'm a card carrying member of the smart ass union
If you fail under pressure, your strength is too small. Proverbs 24:10
RT : Investors funding entrepreneurs addressing social challenges w/ biz. Provide a more "blended return" social (clean H20..
Intelligence is and always will be extremely attractive.
Getting rid of a nuisance.
These boots were made for walkn & thats just what they will do
Hello new followers
Oh, so they have internet on computers now!
Woo, more swag and time to talk to people.. I'm awed by how many amazing people ate in the twent
Me too! It would make my day if he sang that! Haha :)
is enjoying the room to breathe.
It's worth it! Crow deserves a win tonight.
listening to ashley tisdale, no clue why also writing research paper so boring :(
My baby made me the best smoothie last night: strawberry, English cucumber, coconut milk, & a lil sweetener. Tasted like honeydew melon!
#UMass wins to move onto #A10 semifinals for first time since Bruiser Flint was the head coach. 77-71 win over top seeded Temple
How about the lentils ?
Go Packers!
oh! Lmao yea I'm an idiot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
hope they made it to Chitown safely. buen provecho!
Am still trying to figure out how to be a TwitterMaster. I don't get it.
A philly cheese steak
Forever young....
Shout out to the female who's breath smells like horse hiccups
So...am I a dork if I pack my copy of #FacingTheGiants for you to sign??<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> LOL Online now looking for "Suing the Devil!" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Thank you Marci. Have a wonderful evening.
that's awesome!! congrats!! great to hear we have helped :-)
Help us promote our fantastic customer service and bespoke telecom solutions to businesses across the UK. Follow us & we will follow you!
G'Night && Happy New Year :)!
Three days 'till Costa Rica !! Realy happy.
Thank you! We love the bag as well. ;-)
Happy Mother's day ladies
It's my new happy place. I image 's voice as I read it :)
Some romance, couple sex scenes but only one is what I would say is mildly detailed
Please Please Please My love Follow me please . Love you <3 !#1Day for #Boyfriendvideo could not be more excited. RT if you're excited!!!!
I very rarely get to see him, so it was nice. ^_^
On the road again, should be back in half hour finally
woah! Are you really hating on ?!
......Some classes are just so easy, you fail most of the semester because you know you can make it up.
Did casey hair today now gonna lay down and go to bed. :)
GM yall<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>n y u mad sis
looking forward to it, let us know when it's up
Getting ready to head out to Fresno for
why we must #alwayssaynever when says
Captivated by Imagine Dragons.
Aww, thank you, Erica. Miss you, and hope you're doing well.
Beach time for the birthday celebration of
A very happy birthday to - winner of last year's Best New Restaurant! Here's to many more happy years!
that's what you said last week when you were off too.
Really enjoying starting the day with a walk down the beach.
#schoolmemories we have so many
If nothing else, I might post two this week, just for the hell of it.
I am rewriting my script at this very moment!!! <3 I am One With My Power!!!!
check out our tumblr for good stuff.
#First20SongsOnShuffle 3. In The Beginning There Was Void- A Skylit Drive
#thabestdamnshowinradio check it out
On the way home from Freddy T's. Always great fans that love to party and dance.
Wondering how Alberto found my Justin account. Awkward.
Each of us is here to discover our true selves; that essentially we are spiritual beings who have taken manifestation in physical form.
haha missed you too
and i cant say anything.
Come on Tribe! Never say die.
thanks for the rt
didn't hear that, don't know what her voice is supposed to sound like
No RT RT“: Who's coming out with me tonight???”<...I got strep throat <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
I should probably start my homework
Seattlites: smash a can of SPAM with a sledgehammer today @ Westlake Plaza @ Noon! Poncho & protective eyewear provided. via
"you(bloggers) are all who made it happened" re being on New York Times bestseller
It's Serene. I am taking over the helm as Jeffrey visits with his sons in Aspen. Let's go "Explore Fulton Market".
the supernatural problems in our town are caused by a alien looking monster? Seriously?
<U+2193> LOVES ME
The Get Smart shoephone idea never really took off. Star Trek communicators seem to have done ok.
"Wait are you... DRESS SHOPPING?!" "Wot" "...Oops, WRONG G LOLOL"
RT: Sometimes people aren’t who they seem to be, and sometimes people are so much more than you originally thought.
APRIL 2012 Schedule Changes: NONE
We don't need no education, we don't need no force control
some men need to take their own advice when it comes to women...
You don't know how happy I was when I found out you guys heard us.
Gonna go see the Hunger Games with my best friend! <3
Quote of the Day: Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity....Darrell Royal
never mind going to school
#greenythedance is NOT trending in Cleveland...thank u lord haha lol
Thanks for the RT!
Listieinng to cjds on my ipod all on replay ahh I love him!!
TY, have a great weekend :)
People who go to george washington high school and have a car ... how much is it for parking??
who? And aw
Bro was in my dream
Thanks for the shout-out Jorden, glad you're liking it! cc
RT : Btwn massive debt & poor mgmt, American Airlines will bring a lot of excess baggage to any merger. Let's charge them for it.
Now watching how high again
glad to be at the table with you IRL.
Time for some wonderful L.A. Traffic! :)
Sweet! Just ordered some Debbie Bliss cashmerino yarn to knit a blanket for my bro-in-law and sis-in-law's first baby, due in September!
great another tuesday lol
123 8 do you think i'll ever meet the boyz? - i promise you will. if not, i'll fly you to Jersey so you can <U+E32B> IB- Mikey <U+E32A>
My grades are in the toliet
I took a swim tonight & it was quite invigorating, i just love #vegas nights!
Hey there big stud...
Proud 2 stand w in support of Reproductive Health Act. NY must lead in fighting back against national assault on women's health
That's what im saying!
RT if Zayn doesn't follow you. I'm giving him a list of names to follow. MUST be following :-) x
We are blessed with this gift. have a great day!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> for my Grandaddy before I go night night <U+270C><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
It's A Secret
I over did it, I'm going to work so fucking baked. Oh well
Pip is so adorable :-)
lol hell yea
yes every Monday they're on the site
haha aw should have asked me
both of them fools is musicians, they shoulda got some no-name young actor who woulda kilt it prolly
i'm so thirsty but I don't want to get up cause i'm studying so i'm breathing in and hoping to catch moisture.
Bieber fever? Quick, get some antibiotics.
love you girl bad
1 hour until my practice talk for
": Damn my cousin makes the BEST mixtapes! F*cker! #donttellmyaunt -_-" I should charge huh?
ocean beach waves+rocks are cool
Went to the range last night, everytime I shoot my new gun I like it more. Back at home, I find it very therapeutic cleaning it.
Only got 45 years or so until you can do that again...
You bet, I have said from the beginning, for me it's all about moving W5 forward!
Good - obviously I'm watching it tonight: ": Avengers was great."
Congratulations, and best wishes for an equally speedy transaction on the other side.
Watching the people work on my garage outside. Love how one guy is doing the job and the other 6 are just watching.
What it do!!
Tomfoolery! RT 'The Hunger Pains': see the trailer for the Harvard Lampoon's "scene-for-scene parody" of The
iphone update? I looked and couldn't find one.
party ova here!
If you are at #monsterpalooza today come to the Joe Hollow panel We will be on stage for The Films #Disciples and
Thanks for the mention RT
YES! A live chat would be great.
So jealous got to go to Donut King this morning while I'm stick in a freezing room all day.
i have a twitter...
Who wanna pull an all niter? No boring Texters !
It's a bit hard to describe. Basically lots of call-ins about ghost+UFOs+boogeyman-in-my-cereal, all taken w/ equal seriousness.
Gonna work on Ms.Noda's essays.
Fouls playing a huge factor right now ...
but u dont follow me D:
Walking around Wonderful World of Weddings at State Fair today! Let me know if you are there. :) Check us out in the Premier Bride book.
aw I'm slow.
i voted so many times for you guys! follow back ?
Congratulations! Lots of Strohl & Co and Strohl Plus friends are there! We are in heaven!
it does suck because it'll be jacket weather in the morning and by the afternoon you're taking off layers
Sunday anxiety is already setting in, who wants to hang?
I think after Olympic Village, I am going to take a month or two off from the stage. Seems like I have been going non-stop since last April.
Have a happy Easter!
I cant wait to meet our baby.. :-)
ikr. i suck. Whatz good friday
One of the things from childhood I miss as an adult is scheduled naptime.
naw i youtube alot... im going to order me some once i get myself together
Happy mothers day, hope everyone is having a great one. check out our tunes and if your a drummer hit us up cause we need one like now.
Come on....you know anyone who says "more good" should be followed just for the pleasure of humiliating them.
Focus confidently on your goals and on what you can do to achieve them.
Migraine averted ... yay!
#FangirlingOverBill CAN I HUG THEM!!?
what r u gonna do when u hit 100k tweets?
Drinking grape Gatorade in my recovery and my tongue turned so blue I'm embarrassed to talk to anyone at work!
Pirates, Penguins and Power won, today!!! PITTSBURGH, BABY!!! That's where I'm from!!!
so money!
"okay hellen" - . wow kayla, i don't even like you.
Sounds like this crowd must be from Alabama or Arkansas.
perimeter mall no joke. I'll see if I can find another.
lol wow just wow cant wait to watch this one unfold...
Man with didgeridoo, woman with black feather halo hat, and bears, oh my!
might b goin to indi this weekend so excited! :)
I can't believe that in 2012 I still have to remember to go to the ATM to get $$$ I was certain life would be all Jetsons-like by now
I just found a really cool free website to help you learn a foreign language..www.digitaldialects.com
Hey Florida, I’d take you a lot more seriously on this Guillen thing, if you’d reacted with 1/2 the handwringing upon seeing those uniforms.
yay, are you going out in the Valley tonight or something? text me...ill DM you my number <3
If anyone knows DJ Matthew J...let us know he's OK...worried bout ma homie....
r u filipino
This morning's reckless activity? Making Peanut Butter Blossoms.
Good Luck!!
What's in a name? The title for the book I'm co-writing has been selected! No, I won't tell you what it is...yet. Stay tuned!
Lamar Miller #Canes #Dolphins perfect combination #texasa&m ? #mizzu?
“: I love being a #Leo... You never know what to expect out of us. We're full of surprises.” #TeamLeo <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
before u do tht... follow back lol
R.I.P TO THE REAL CREATOR OF B.E.T DON C.
Gypsies live in America, SAY WHAT?
This is what a final should be!!!
Yo what's this all about? Cool, thanks.
Shout out to , we in the building with
DM me your email bro. Preciate it
L o s o come gimme beso <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
I have no desire in being awake anymore.
That body roll Dianna!! YOU SO SEXYY!!!!!!!
that's my favorite kind!!! :)
Im getting weary of the #badgers player transfer if im bo id be ticked too bad timing and seems fishy
Exactly. She's fighting it tooth and nail. She didn't want me to go up any higher than 9/16.
Treat me like a joke? I'll leave you like it's funny.
I have, it is good
Happy Birthday!!!!!
It is nice to have my nights back! :)
i'll get a squier instead. i don't want to be that wack bass player out there with an expensive bass. too risky.
At the airport for the NOLA Charter to
Are you training to become an astronaut or something?
For an internship :)
I love working with
Hungover doesnt even describe how i feel :/
What?!? That's like hating fresh air.
Snow is not a very good thing!
I need everyone to go follow he's Brandt new to twitter please follow he will follow back
Not ready for Monday. Where did the weekend go?
they straight give them a few years they gone be legit! Kobe gone be retired and ima be going for them
Lol hopefully rayray follows me soon (: I'll ask them to follow u
Happy hump day to all
How bad is public transportation in Weequahic area? What should be done?
Oh yeah....my Sims must b back from work by now. Better go check!
damn ; it feels good to be a taylor. to rock camo shorts, chuck tee & smoke papers. weed comin in all flavors. TGOD <3
"If storks bring human babies, what bring monster babies?Cranes."
For the No. 12 pick #Philadelphia selects OT Fletcher Cox from
Don't be nervous, you're awesome.
Drug dogs at the Amtrak station? For real?
Breaking: A-Rod contributes nada. As usual
Having to clean the field during CSI <<<
Up way too early in LA. Tom and I have a 10 am outdoor boot camp workout in the Valley.
im sleepy as hell
#FatTuesday celebrate with us and Trey Grimm on keys 8pm
I'm making pizza, but my name isn't Tony.
Thank you Thank you! Everybody rock on!!!!
ha! No risk, thankfully. I'm stateside at the moment, where there are other dangers to worry about.
missed ustream :( with makes me so sad
I love and salute my Cardinals. Tho I still want a ring for Wash.
1211am sept 11 2010. so glad its the wweekend, can finally sleep
I may have responded to the wrong tweet. I would love the text expander promo code.
you're new single is orgasmic
Hello Sir, thanks for following. I'll follow you too. (I'm still asking myself the question: Who is John Galt? #AtlasShrugged)
I have 12 albums I can fall asleep to. Ultimate goal is to find one for every night of the month, so I have some variety.
Which #MKE #restaurants have embraced #location-based #apps?
So pumped knowing that I bought the new album! #TheEndIsWhereWeBegin it rocks!
#nowplaying The Perfect Fan - , perfect way to celebrate this day =)
wow...2%...i'll say i'm surprised too...I believe you do have a higher adoption rate of mobile as well
Folks done came home & I've been hit up the last few days
Omgah.....I'm Gunna die... degrassi jr high
My moms just came through with mofong.
Kris Boyd is going to climb a clock tower with a rifle soon if he doesn't start getting good crosses.
I'm not surprised at all.They're a powerful corporation masquerading as an everyman event.It is what it is.
okay, so today is going to be like this. At least tonight gets to be like that with
Monday Night Social w/ Get on the list ! 818.602.7979
Surviving or enjoying the holidays? Hopefully the latter!
A dark character introduced himself yesterday, said he wants in on my story. I'm afraid to say no. Yeah, he's {{that}} scary.
Thank you for the shout-out! We appreciate it :)
Worldwide, more than 1400 million cups of coffee are consumed daily.
2 followers away from 800! Who's gonna help us out!
who the first person youd call ? tootsie pop !!! haha
"Campus workers have to be part of a strategy for organizing in the academy" -Barbara Ransby
The experience of Brahman is not possible as long as your mind is attached to this world. You mus first negate the world to reach Brahman.
Get 1000 Facebook likes for your business call Brian 917 7219181
What'd they do?
yes... would still like to see the big east represented on the final 4 even if it's them.
Join us for a glass of #FREE wine at #Sketch #Wine Bar on 101 Broadway today at 5PM. Can't beat the free booze, can ya'?
Thanks for the RT's!
#13thingsilove 13. people who are themselves
Good morning , Happy Friday!!
. suggests (smartly) that media infrastructures are compelling to study&teach because they demystify everyday media objects
With 2 ft of snow on the way perhaps it is time to purchase some boots :)
lol well i wudnt but i wudnt come on hehe nd lol hardly anyone tlks to me now at days im not on as much as i use to either
This week - Laying tracks, Filming Music Video, Live Show, Press, Prep for 5-20-12 show + raising a family.
I need someone for hair and makeup for an unpaid shoot on Monday! Just for fun and your portfolio. Let me know if you're interested.
indoor range
hahaha yes! Nice skin and just... Well... Pretty lol
Come on now, no fighting, there's enough doughnutty love for everyone! :)
RT : ATTN!: No #chillonthehill tonight in :( too rainy once again.
I'll buy if we can talk about Pariah
hahaha I'm doing the same thing right now!
Shady Grove nom nom nom! Wedding is coming up son which reminds me, DM me your address please?
Buying my mom flowers feels so great
Let me get this straight: Johnny Depp spends his whole life wanting to play Barnabas Collins, only to waste it on "ha ha the 1970s!" jokes?
Do you not fucking understand?
if you dream about kissing cameron: * give RT
I really wish that the #WordPress "write screen" had a way to create a 3rd column, rather than just 2. Def running into too many boxes
About to go get me some Wendy's 'cause I'm hungry as fuck!
the Texans drafted who the should have
RT Don't let life discourage you; everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was - Richard L. Evans RT
With all its sham, drudgery, and broken dreams,
yeah even earlier I haveto be in school at 8 30 why?
These last two dollars<U+E023><U+E032><U+E032><U+E032>
2 weeks ago. I bought them last time I went in city knowing today would be hard. They expired yesterday.
you are a tweeting machine! Lots fun last nite!
I just hit 2,000 tweets!
It's just like Tom's!
Thoughts on the winner of last night's debate?
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
congratulations! U rock!
and I'm boarding! See you on the flip side!!
Happy Friday! It's
Agreed. Instead we got, we won why are we talking about this? SMH RT : Should have been addressed sooner.
Peace to all my followers, don't follow me follow your heart follow God.
got em too I know how u feel. :0(
Who wants to Skype ?
tee hee! Join in!
most of my mentions are meant for lol slow down when tweeting the man, rushers! haha
If i'm sleep by 9 tonight, I will not complain. I'm still trying to recuperate from my weekend
keep using all that make up bitch, you look like a clown!! lololol like foreal though ...you women look like clowns with all that make up on
Wanna win a signed "Listen Up" test pressing from but don't live near a store that carries it? (1/2)
Not a little wayne fan, but LOVE this song.
« Where is when i need a laugh follow her #teamfollowback»
Major insurance companies, the DOD, Pentagon and like-minded global entities are addressing climate change issues. They see the light.
YES PLEASE. We can wear our pink tights.
The reason there are two senators for each state is so that one can be the designated driver
Mr. Bing's north beach.
Me and Shawn coming out with a joint project this summer first. FIRE!!
There aren't alot of people I genuinely dislike.... but I managed to find one this week and I must say its a frustrating feeling.
#TeamMelanieVotes will take this to the end..get those votes in tonight!
Back in NYC & Kitty is happy to c me! She does not like to b alone! #SpoiledKitty #Happy2Bhome :)
Away from the desk: All the way to Memphis – and back
you'll be entered of u already subscribed tho right? Cuz I've been subscribed ;D lol just in case(:
I think it's great! I'm interested in reading the entire Rolling Stone article
going ice skating! Yes!!!!
my mom is was 3 slot machines! :)
im sitting in burger king listening.....yay
I really don't get it when people ask how can you kill a defenselessness animal. my answer...
I guess this is a good problem to have but my legs & bum are KILLING ME! It means my workout actually DID SOMETHING!
i cant wait until you have a show in Dallas again! i check every day for your next tour dates!!!
Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there. I hope you have a great day!
#FF delicious American wines...from VA. Great story, great site, great juice!
if you can that would be great well it depends on the price of the tickets you buy
Sending game 7 luck from Pittsburgh!
NICE. Looks interesting.
The Velvet Lounge is open! Beat the post-lent rush and get in here!
how is it? It's on my list of shows to try
This is out of control. Awful.
Great #glee for my elliptical workout!!
WATCH OUT I WILL SWAG ON YOU DUKS
I'm nonexistent. Don't worry 'bout me. ;)
oh so EVERYONE'S being a pussy today lmao
haha that is the funniest thing ever
Heading to a FREE salsa lesson and live salsa band in Union Square tonight at 6. No partner necessary! See you there!
I can tell Im going to have babies dreams. I just love my little hamster.
they're ridiculous!
Limo. Not mad.
great song.
Great, I just did some research. That chirping bird is a male Mockingbird w/o a mate. Apparently the only solution is to get him laid.
Is it sad that I'm getting misty-eyed about the Discovery retiring?
new avi with my brothers and
Being single has been great... but I kinda want to be in love.
RT : Mindset Tip: Obnoxious people are a chance to practice grace, patience and empathy.
SO MUCH TO DO TODAY
Im sleepy af tho, but by the time I get home, ima be wide awake
very weird my bearded friend but it's ok I still win every time
Demissie said, "We will be developing new standards to enhance the quality of electronic cigarettes and heighten the consumer experience.
RT : BREAKING: Greece No Longer a Nation; Announces Plan to Become Social Network
Thank you for the #FF! Right back at you!
is feeling real good on this Monday morning. Can't wait to see what the Lord has in store for today.
The world is a better place because Donald Duck Dunn was here. RIP
bitches know the planes got it.
My heart hurts whenever i sing this song for you... Cause i know you'll never hear it...
First rule don't drink.
Going to make with the driving. Its a mission of mercy. I'll let you know how it goes.
Why does my left arm feel like it's on fire? I wondered this for the 2nd half of my 5hr drive yesterday while it was hanging out my window.
AAPL, GOOG, AMZN, VWM, CRM, MA, FFIV. We are the best in the business at monthly option trading profits.
Shouldn't you be in bed then? Do you need a wake up call?
Sucks to be you. xD
Good morning every1 :)
haha you are spot on!
RT : Q7 Do you have any features on you want to share?
Just watched the #spaceshuttle land live via Ustream - hooray for the internet.
Band laundry day...
23% of NCSU library web users are not using the catalog or looking for articles
I'm going in June for arthroscopic surgery on both knees again. If that doesn't work, then I'm getting a replacement. sucks ass
your doing a good job(:
Snapshot for Canon Inc (7751)
I dnt get how its confusing
my jacket
Consolation: 64% of readers don't care whether a book has been on a bestsellers list. But don't many turn to them in choosing?
A cop just knocked on my door and told me my dogs were chasing people on bikes, my dogs don't even own bikes....
Took an awesome workshop with Kevin Mullaney today as part of the New York Improv Festival! Improv from the gut, baby!
Teaching a 4-session class this term about Prostitutes as Characters! Now, to find some non-credit students who wanna talk Moll Flanders...
The babe finally went two sleep.! Now im up by myself... Pretty soon my lil one qone be wakinq up so I needa try n qet some sleep
and real bacon. Not that ham you guys call bacon up there.
On the plus side , this 3 day weekend was lovely :)
On this day in 1969, #Pele, considered by many to be the best soccer player in history, scored his 1000th goal!
Mine was a Compaq 486 SX 25mhz with 4mb of ram and like a 512mb HDD I think? Don't remember the year.
you are pretty mama
Localmind: Wheres a good place for night life partying around prospect? Answer: Jose's Court is probably the best bet these days.
True... I did that once and went to the city without my mom finding out. :p But you're going to a different state..
Things not to do in your screenplay: change from sci-fi in the first half to family drama in second half to creature feature in last 10 mins
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there from all of ctf!
thank you for the pic!!!<U+2764>
Ystrdy I mentioned going frm Mac to PC.Did I just step into a time machine? Now I have a blackberry.I'm keeping the iphone or I'll go crazy.
I have an email in my inbox and I'm dreading reading it. Ever get emails like that?
It's OK. You can go ahead and start drinking. It's a holiday.
I think your tweets are nasty and ugly and need the attention of the FBI and CIA and our local police department
RT : A journalism student just interviewed me for a class she's taking. So cute! Weird being on the other side of things...
I wish I was in one of those areas!!! That would be an awesome opportunity.
We are apt to forget that children watch examples better than they listen to preaching. Roy L. Smith
Our selection is always changing! Come on down and see for yourself! Open till 9. Pre-rolled always just $5.00 And tell a friend! :D
We celebrated my boss's 20th anniversary w TMC. It was nice to recognize all his hard work. Just wish it was another night!
How's the Ville Life homie
it amazing up until the last 15 minutes which is why we need to discuss!
had like 5 tests today, and i'm pretty sure I bombed all of them! >__<
i already follow you
Cooler temperatures will envelope all of Minnesota today with highs about 20 degrees colder than yesterday.
Great to see AJ Burnett pitch 7 scoreless innings and get the W.
i love it when i get patients with really rare diseases!
When doesn't just cross the line, he pole vaults over it <<<
When in need of laughter just turn on your tv and watch #jerryspringer the most out of control show I have ever watched
the Louis C.K plan is snowballing. and each w/ $5 "specials". why not just tape every fucking show? hey just $5..
Windy. Broad shoulders. Second. Awesome. Home.
that's right. It's invincible
It was the best of times, it was the ... BLURST of times?! You stupid monkeys!
lol I'm trying munchkin.
That's what I love about you guys. Once a Loguer, always a Loguer. Thank you, Joe!
I miss u often sexy. Sent u a clpe tweets ovr there.
": In the car sendin tweets at the same damn time!!"// Gnna get in a wreck and insurance gnna go sky high #AtTheSamnDamnTime !!!!
I want my photography to actually go somewhere >.<
Driving home after a day at the mothership
MB sound so CUTE on Missing You :)
Sleepy..so, guess the question is...coffee and burn the midnight writers oil OR go to bed so my brain fires on all cylinders....hmm..dilemma
UGH! Why is shopping online so easy? And why is cute underwear so irresistible?
Giffords' husband decides to fly space-shuttle mission
At the Sac Old City Association District 4 candidates forum. Great meeting!
lmao. Very funny.
I remember him. RT : "Former Astro" Mike Costanzo called up by Reds for ML debut. Came in Lidge trade and left in Tejada trade
thanks for riding a taxi while in Baltimore. How was the ride? TService improving taxi quality.
Surprisingly , i have time to tweet .
Cancer sucks.
Enjoying #KellyHogan on Spotify. So glad introduced me to her. Wish I'd been there for the live experience.
- thanks for the shout out for Backyard Campout! All the fun continues this week on M/W/F/Sat!
Five years ago today I signed up for Twitter but didn't really touch it for a year. So here we are, 4 years & almost 19k tweets later...
Quality time with the fam:')
This just in: Great Divide Yeti imperial stout!
#3WordsOfAdvice. 1 ad. 2. vice. 3 ice. <--- i think those are the only words in advice.
YOU HAVE A TWITTER AND I AM JUST FINDING OUT?!?!?
You mad cause I fell asleep on u I am tired u talk my ears off let me sleep please if u want to move on go ahead cause I am goin back to bed
RT : thanks again for dinner ! The Mob Fries are off the hook!!!
IATHians Chad Keller & Worthy Martin off to SMARTDoc Heritage at UPenn to talk about laser scanning Southwell Minster, & eat cheese steaks.
really? Since the stimulus began to kick in n 2010 job loss was reversed..and would be better if not for the stupid fiscal BS
So i think i like himm<3 idk mixed feelings:(
u must didn't do as well as u anticipated
im not sure what schlockly means but i like it
When I am doing homework my mind is saying "TUMBLR!!!!!" Hahahaha
Stephen A. Smith is calling Jeremy Lin out right now. Couldn't agree more. Lin is a fraud and a coward.
Yea she eat pussy but she don't fuck dykes .
as good a reason as any I suppose.
I going to get this thing that I don't know why it is but it smeels like it tastes good
Thanks for The Follow! (:
I thought I was having a problem sleeping, but as I sit here with this cat staring at me, I think he thinks I have a problem staying awake.
if you file that on a bottom shelf, you'll have low standards.
OH at chilis Tampa airport "do you need a to-go cup for your wine?"
OMG! RT hey happy 21st birthday! one of my fav
Mayweathers looking good
THIS! RT : For the love of God and all that is holy stop saying "the black bloc" like it's some kind of bloody club.
Somebody wished me happy mother's day. Uh...um...thanks. Lol
RT Football's season opener at Louisville will be played on Sunday, Sept 2 at 3:30pm & broadcast on ESPN
Could an determine if a bus driver left anyone on the bus before locking up?
The mud puddle a day after the rain?
Getting all off track lol RT : Didn't find it @ one store but I did found my Barefoot
the cup in the hand all the way from creation to use to recycle to reuse - how to create value and become sustainable at every step
Dance! Dance the dance of life!
i dont see you at all ):
presumed. Nowhere does it say dude was actually gay. Still, a diapicable incident.
Life is Fragile, Handle with Prayer
And! Steve Railton & Dean Dass are the new Associate Fellows, for "Digital Yoknapatawpha" and "Winter in America."
My friday! Boombaa
Stupid boys and there video games .
I hope still trying to go to Florida with us!
I need an iPod classic bad
Been using zsh now for nearly 3 months. Going fine but definitely no perf gains like everyone said. What am I missing?
Buyers, rates are low & probably will remain low through the holidays. Get pre-approved TODAY & be ready to offer in 2012.
I said "gives back what you put in" taxes are taken not given, so they don't count. :-)
People love going on facebook and Twitter about shit...I'd much rather see someone face to face.
I sneezed, and it hurt my left side . #ouch /:
The app is amazing
RT : IT'S TIME FOR SOME GIVEAWAYS! If you have something giveaway-worthy email me with your offer
Let's Go Lake Show!
thanks to and Richmond County Schools for partnering to introduce #technology to #younglearners. great news article:...
Screw this whole day.
Nope. But have you seen Jessica Simpson lately?
Wind scares meh
Eden Fridays Happy Hour is underway!! Free til 10pm.
"Each course has a short title, making the menu more like a musician's set list than a description of a meal." Set-list menu: ALL CAPS.
dude! I missed you so much! I love parachute but it's that has my heart.
Come help me break in the pool!
That moment when youn feel heartbroken but loved at the same time.
Hope all my tweeps are okay! Heard a train derailed at Rosslyn.
Need sleep tonight..last night my husband was putting on a concert in bed at 1:45 a.m..No Sleep...Gotta Love him
The Fate for 2012 to be decided soon!!
Sending out My love & Condolences to all those who Knew Christine Santiago! Hugs to her Famliy & Howard Brown for their loss. Keep Shinning!
is looking forward to the weekend.. Red Sox in the ATL friday then off to NY/CT for the weekend at the shore
awesome. i'll find you on skype. then we'll figure out the details after noon : )
Our next book club is on 4/29 :00 PM. We will be discussing Shalom Auslander’s acclaimed new novel Hope: A Tragedy. Happy reading!
Legitimate question I think -- why not ask voters to approve #civilunions if support is there?
why is twitter so slow today
Fun times at City Bird/Nest Saturday, 4-8. Our prints will be featured at the 1st Canfield Street Market of the season!
RT When my wife is cleaning the house, and I ask "Who's coming over?", is how I get black eyes. #funny :)
But then I got in the 5th grade I got my first Metro PCS
Headed to cover "historic" (their word) economic announcement. Pics and video coming later.
going big with
first time seeing that cartoon but it's just so true. LOL
thanks for the mention of in today's Post. Would love to talk to you more!
but examining what access this grants you & what you choose to work on will become your politics and pedagogy in action
All that shit talkin that was jus on my TL its quiet now
Happy National Best Friend Day I Lovee youu Best Friend <3333
I swear if one more possum runs out in front of me, I'm giving up driving!
Mom is now in the chair. Lord, I pray You hold every nurse and doctor hand in every action they take. I know Your presence is here. Amen.
A shout out to Pedro and Buddy; you go, guys. There should be a movie.
Thats all i wanted!
S and then...It's off to INVESCO Field at Mile High!!! GO BRONCOS!!!
Just aced a mid-term...
I'm totally with you there. Monday after a holiday is such a nightmare!
Behind every "who cares" there's a little voice inside you that says "I do".
All I Hv 2 Say Is 5.99 ... We always running up on sum, never fails.lol.
That's why I laugh so much
Can't stop listening to Bonobo all because of PJ from youtube lol (kickthepj & pjthekick) :]
#SaySomethinOniTunes I want it !!!!!!
As the jury was brought in, faces were hard to read but it is hard to fathan why they would carte if she fulfilled complaint requirement
Excited to announce a new job! We're moving to Seattle! More details later on today!
Hunting for articles about ISD in non-formal learning environments.
and Charles and the #ShirtOff bout to scare the crap outta some old lady if she's up.
almost as offensive as your avi :-)
Yay, you!! Have fun... Smile pwitty... <U+2665>
~you totally kicked ass on RAW tonight. Hope to see you on the show again. Way to stop "twin magic"
Crazy that u were the one talkin that (b)ullshit that i need to move on when folks walk out my life...
I'm leaving on the 27th for India! Taken my 5D mark II and I'm outta here. retreat in Delhi w amala, maybe thailand after..
Aww, I miss PHL. I was on a different NJT line though - penn station was a pit stop b/t Boston & Morristown
Eating twizzlers with Jenna at <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
i like that little guy too lol.
Took another shift so I have to be up at three am
RT : has a sweet job: digital strategist for the Loves it. #dctechmeetup #smwwdc #smw12 <- agree!
Home again.
Santorum drops out. Will he be back in the race in 3 days? I think this is some kind of Easter publicity thing.
THIS IS CRAZY WICKED AWESOME MOBBED ON FOX #Yes!
thanks for correction!
breaking news: Russian controllers lose contact with a new Russian passenger jet carrying 50 ppl over the mtns. of W. Indonesia @ Jakarta.
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy . &'d She #Teamfolloowback x-4
The survey is super-short, so please take a moment and let us know if you'd be interested in a book chat...
#Necessary Roughness!!!!
I am so honored to work with so many smart people. Andi and his team totally rock. We are going to do some truly amazing stuff together :))
Euro Detention @ Current W/ DJ Khaleel & Anthony Raad|Party Under Stars|
On the phone with family in #Mexico - Local news is announcing that malls were evacuated, but no damages
& here it goes again.
We all need a Thinking Hat!
Yea who u have a crushin in? Lemme know ill set u up with him or her, whichever way u swing, i gotchu lol
those pictures are absolutely hilarious, haha.
Me too!
"Everything is better with lasers. Also, every word is better with 'tron' at the end."
"Living large on the little they've got"
Sharing chicken soup with hominy and poblano peppers with friends, waiting for #irene to pass. How are you waiting out the storm?
omg is the music video out yeah
Fox: complaining about a lack of adequate thunderstorms since 1982. WHEN IS IT SQUIRREL HILL'S TURN???
Ohh Great, Can't Get On Facebook. Until 24 Hours. Like WTF Bruhh. Not Cool -.-
Congrats to for being the #GEEBZ and #GGToday trivia winner! Hope you love the shirt!
..the Land Shark is considered the cleverest of all sharks.
Pretty please...... work! work! work!
blueberry from Panera. I left it as a warning to the others.
Watching restaurant impossible... is voice gone or is someone else doing the voice over?
I'm not a promoter! I'm jus a fan who constantly thinks everybody should know about all the #ILL shit I'm involved with!
RT : A5: Benefit - good attention-getter in a blog post or social media Most won’t read into an ATS.<have Idea to beat this>
Happy Leap Day! And happy birthday to all those young "leaplings!" We hope you will all join us at our Leap Year Party at Joe Jost's! 7PM!
its my birthday
You dont have to say "I'm S I N G L E :)" every 15 minutes.. We get it, you want attention
Way to scare the living daylights out of me, British airways just sent a random email about my July 1st flight! I thought I'd got date wrong
Going to start training with some friends. We're all going to get ready for a race in April/May-ish.
GAH!!!! RT : Really, Twitter? Tweets from two weeks ago are no longer searchable? Really?
And...start the slo-mo photo montage...now.
Turning the Air-Waves into FIYAAA on for the #PrezMix !!!
Anyone taking part in Bank Transfer Day? We want to talk to you.
I'm highly respected in my world but not in yours.
Yayyy is Yi hooking you up? :D
Proud Bobcat tonight!
Johnny Depp is so fucking HOT!!
In the car, and off to #Florida! :) Love ya!
In social studies and all I can think about is the Boyfriend video!!!!
Leadership - Let him who would be moved to convince others, be first moved to convince himself.
on startups: startups are "searching" for something while companies "execute."
So you're saying I should never watch that show. Got it.
I think Moby is at at Grindspace
No problem. Feel free to check out the tunes.
Ladies - if I can tell whether or not you have herpes, your cutoffs are too short.
True Born Records c
Good morning everyone. Hope everyone had a good weekend!
I recommend the current print edition of Wired magazine, "The Mental Machine". Full of fascinating stories about human-machine merge.
About to have a preview with company members! #behindthescenesoneill starts now!
I'm so sorry about your pup. I <3 you.
now it's just rain. Yay Seattle weekends!
No i still have 2 figure oujt where dat big sleepn bag is gonna go
Finishing a song after hours of research & writing >>>
Thanks! You can stay with me anytime!
So I been up since 6 this morning. Brain is wondering
agree 100%. Only people who never stepped foot on an athletic field or never had a kid play sports would endorse this
I bet that would fall within nugget's speech capabilities.
$75/hr (14 yrs. experience) RT : Out of interest, freelancers –– what is your typical hourly rate?
My universe will never be the same.. I'm glad you came <U+2764>
Yup! I didn't see your profile.
Last three possessions have been iso ball for Griz. Frustrating to see. They need to work the ball around.
Sometimes I can't tell whether someone is hung over or Russian.
I'm sick of seeing "I'm not like most girls" on bios.. Wtf? Are your boobs on your head??
Never understood how a batter could NOT be looking for a FB in any count.
They both rock, ha ha!
Just Bieber and the Gang here at HQ for our weekly meeting.
directing taxpayer money to oil companies is bad policy.
First day of training at the airport tomorrow.....
Recorded a review of liquid green stuff vs milliput. I should have it up tomorrow at some point!
Ladies and gentlemen, I give the Pants Dance
off to the northeast tomorrow and then the great province of New Brunswick for lake/cottage time.
Congrats ESM client Josh Chapman! Drafted #136 by the Colts!
Download the walk score app for the iPhone and check out your area... Want to score high? Indigo @ 12 west scored 100! Walkability!!!!
Chris Brown is asking for it when he releases a song called "Don't Wake Me Up." Punch line writes itself.
Green Building Materials and Construction, 3rd Edition
Does anyone have any bands they like that aren't well known? Share some of the bands this way!
I'm constantly waiting for John Quiñones to pop out and tell me my whole life has been a tv show.
follow back i need to send u DM
please if you ever notice me please follow
I think of so many who do the latter but not the former and ask myself: why not? what hinders the crossover?
Dan that's wrong my friend .Sorry they disrespected you.And it shows how long they will go.
You can totally see me in that pic, by the way. In the O, behind the lady in the gray and white. (Thoroughly engrossed in Alone Together.)
yup! DC 101 chili fest ... i was like, "where have i heard this song before" almost got video for you but fone was fritzing out.
Damn. Irrelevant now. Haha.
Happy Friday All!!
John Seifert from at ACE Awards talks about the need for companies (and agencies) to build around a specific point of view.
Free Beer Friday topic: Biographies for people in the sports world, i.e. "Dope" for Floyd Landis. Call in 303-297-1510 at 9:30!
Winery 4 after getting lost a few times. Winter's Hill, late harvest Pinot Gris & their Golden Nectar (not as sweet, quite complex)
nope. It will transform into a backstage, supporting many stages.
Forecast for Tonight: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog. Local visibility one quarter mile or...
caught the ball and got the batter out then tagged the runner! Too cool!
Sacred Spaces: A journey with the Sufis of the Indus, upcoming program at Asia Society N.Y. LACMA, concept S.Quraeshi www.zanbeelart.com
Jealousy - that's what makes them talk.
Doctors say that one piece of bacon takes 9 minutes off of your life. That has to be most delicious form of suicide I have ever heard.
NYTimes is in their database on the website, most likely. Just have to search for it there.
Wis. DWD Secretary Reggie Newson on early release of new jobs numbers: This has nothing to do with June 5 Walker recall.
(ITEM 334 tomorrow City Council 2pm) Attend if you support Earth Day ever being permitted again in this town.
lol what did they say to do that?
Tough day today and off to PDX for Oregon Wine Awards
me too... We are cool.. We are civil people who can talk without a screaming match..=)
I still see/remember him in a Lions uni. RT #Steelers have re-signed backup QB Charlie Batch to a one-year contract.
watch it asian boy
RT Sometimes you gotta create what you want to be part of. -Geri Weitzman
no call ticketmaster
At walmart
HAha! Probably!!!;D She be tryna get me and my bf to break up
and somebody in #graftonwi is helping you out....MUST come here. ;)
Sensate focus is primarily a couple’s skills learning approach designed to increase communication and awareness of sexually ...
I'd love to see that list! I read that it's the purple prose king!
Charlie is doing what he does best :)
I can't agree with that. It robs you of player agency at the most pivotal point in the game, then copy/pastes endings.
Thanks just wanted to log in & check account but of course it has to be a huge process causing account lockups and password changing
Thx for the mention. :)
We routinely take passengers to and from sporting events, parties, other airports, concerts, casinos, etc. Call Today 248-971-3100
DO ANY OF MY FOLLOWERS LIVE NEAR THE FROZEN TUNDRA?
Agree. Basketball doesn't benefit from HD much either. HD makes watching football much better.
take your back towards the water and keep your hands dry and text. :p
Great to meet you today at !
We're glad that everyone in the food line is being patient until the next deliver arrives. Enjoy the entertainment!
“: thanks for following me :) I aspire to be showcased at indieFest someday <3” we love that!
you have a bad side (;
I'm so bummed about #SteveJobs leaving Apple. How will Apple present successor & make him part of the brand? Bring back !!!
Bath with your woman then lay her on the bed & deeply massage her with warm baby oil from head to toe covering every inch of her body!
Hi did you get the message that had tech problems & postponed?
Yup, its Tuesday! Any 18" 2 Topping pizza (white or wheat) for ONLY $12!
There is not enough darkness in the world to put out the light of one small candle. Show your light!
Saints rep - "Only people u need 2 feel sorry for are the teams we're playing nnext year!"
Hope the sun comes out. Ppl just seem to b in a better mood. It's also better for business.
Every day I set aside ten minutes to imagine what the future could be, and the rest of the day making it happen.
welcome to the uber-blogger, historian, and impresario John Fea
As that song says, "There may come a time when a lass needs a lawyer..."
lol no I haven't seen it yet... Aver
"But when is he coming out of the closet though?"
"While your getting good, I'm getting great"
The artwork/video for the new single is looking really good!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Saty yourself, there are others enough. Be strong, be loud, be proud.
Welcoming people to the Red Dress Preview Party!
Thank you so much for the RT!!!
The Ward! Is it possible for it to not be good with & ?? I think not! #HubbaHubba!
Your Discouragement is a sign that it is time for YOU to ENCOURAGE others...
no one blames you.
No, haha. One reviewer said "You crammed two years of work into one. Spread things out more." Now, I'm focusing on pacing.
"Ninja Librarians" eh? Do they assassinate patrons who chronically fail to turn in their materials on time?
Lady in the car next to me was just plucking her chin hair... sexy
Governor of New Jersey to the Nets after their last game in the state before they move to Brooklyn: "Goodbye... good riddance."
GOOD MORNING!
she's called me before but go ahead and give it to her please
Great Jarden, IBM, H&R Block panel! “: Centers of excellence should be centers of enablement. #bsocial12”
Aloha Kauai!!!
real friends say it a midnight
- thanks for your partnership and support!
About to take these quick digitals to send off to the agency; Then the anticipation process lol
So tell my why AMDA's "reality show" is filming my Stage Combat class today...there's only like 3 of us in this class though!! -_-
I hope that hurricane irene weakens, my best friend lives at myrtle beach!
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you're native and fly
I've been calling u & haven't returned any of my calls! I'm feeling neglected!!!!
cause I yelled bankhead and you felt left out I ain't mention yo name thats what all this bout..watuppp
I mean, it's a cool idea and might be fun, but I don't see the Wii U going for the distance with Sony and Microsoft.
Sweaty day. Now to officially get started on this new album.
The only way to prove you love me is to make me a batch of homemade chex mix. Only way.
:) ..nothing wrong with that...we don't judge
thx for the follow! do you know of other Paleo restaurants?
That bluetooth earpiece you're wearing is about as cool as socks with sandals.
: Kobe and the Lakers fo not HAVE to win tonight. They just need to compete.
and I feel like a moron now haha. pardon the confusion
Event will showcase adoption process - Albany Times Union
Hm...so, instant replay in baseball, anyone?
Of course I can keep a secret. It’s the people I tell it to who can’t.
I swear I'm obsessed with tea !
Thirst Quenched?
Guys like to talk about IU losing when IU is losing, especially when it's one of only two games on. Wasn't a big deal in R1/R2.
Lazo: is "the archive" impossible because there there are so many archives yet to be discovered?
Hey #craftbeer lovers! Tonight we're offering Bruton di Bruton @ $7/glass or $22/750 mL bottle! Mention this tweet & get an addition 10% off
Selena & Justin broke up ? ):
#brandonroy Game-winning 3-pter vs. Rockets on national TV
nothing beats the red couch, boys.
Thanks for following us; we're now following you too.
it's my husband who makes sure I stick by my promise of having a "no" year. Hard as an emerging museum professional!
In Ten Days , Its Gonna Be Six Months With Him . Oh Jeez
GOD always has something for you, a key for every problem, a light for every shadow, a relief for every sorrow & a plan for every tomorrow.
Shout out to Follow now
Promote what people will spread
Haha. I don't know what most girls do either...so we're on the same page. Lol.
RT : Awesome Store!!! #vegan #Eco friendly #health health
1 week away I have to pull it all together
He never relies on mistletoe.
BREAKING NEWS: Breaking news will be breaking soon. Updates as they break.
RT Those who find a way to enjoy whatever life has to offer are the ones who get to enjoy the very best that life has to offer
Even though I'm tired, this Easter service is awesome, needed this!
Thank You! I sure darn try
finally done.
But you have to promise to still come visit us to get one every now and then!
finally video is on the site, have a look give me your comments would be appreciated,
See ya florida!
Guilt tripping me won't make me forgive you.
Thanks , my boyfriend probably thinks me and you are retarded now. Haha
succesful night from what i remember <U+E00E>
Weekend shows: Old Man Brown and Turkuaz at at and at !
Nothing much! But I like the avi Cesar.... Nice!!! :-)
drug testing is only to receive cash benefits through TANF, they could still receive Medicaid though.
#inthe90s #Twitter Did not existed so BYE RIHANNA
yea bart didnt want to be ur friend and by the way bring that attitude this year coming and BALL out
I swear this #Terps game been over the 6 min mark for 20 min
lol jus like Barbers they dont realize that stuff affects us,lol
Dude rolling down Santa Monica on a vintage bike looking like Paris Hilton in that infamous clip...first-timer I think!
Mike Wallace was good to me, I feel bad about his passing :{
lol she doesn't ollow me yet but she retweeted 3 of the tweets i sent her.
“: a super happy happy birthday to the homie ! shine your light sun! ((((((((hugs)))))))))” HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
I agree with you about Kronk
Speaking of concerts, is bringing the new sound of the mighty Chris Taylor to on Monday!!. $15.
I feel so free right now.
#tbcourtside mic check haha people watching on .tv loved it
Yes...with a great afternoon tea service.
Came home to throw up on my floor. I know who my suspects are..
I need some cooking inspiration - cannot seem to find any exciting recipes on line for NYE - ideas?
ur make me smile if you tweeted me back! might have my appendix pulled out.. it'll make me feel better:) hehe
follow ya boy so i can dm you
have a wonderful day
Which is worse to a middle aged man: the screeching of cartoon characters or the catty harping of Housewives of Beverly Hills?
Next thing you know, we'll fine out that coaches don't actually run their Twitter accounts...or even worse... don't touch a Coaches ballot!
So, the trashy Bonifay girls just called Chipley girls stuck up?
Got to love a little sweat
its called photo grid :)
#NP Let's Do it again - J Boog <3
Man sometimes I'm like fuck you!
Im gonna make sure my husband is NOTHING like my father...
looks like I'm doing C code today!
Wow, I have to admit, that is kind of funny...
thanks brother. Come by the office and throw the football around with us one of these days!
Great night of finales ... the wife called her shot with Robin and Barney way back in 2006.
Who should our next Dance Group of the Week be tweeps? wee need suggestions!
yes, thankfully. Especially since Im left handed & it's my left hand that's hurt. Ordinary things are hard to do with one hand.
I've seen the Caines arcade video and think it's amazing, however I can't help but wonder how he felt the next day when sales plummeted
make it happen, promise it will be worth it!
And it's so warm in Pittsburgh that the neighbors are grilling
. Congrats! Well Deserved. We know who is picking up the beer tab from now on ;-)
Breaking the habit of playing too loud was tough. My professor, Danny Gottlieb, helped me refine my touch to the drum set.
#Ashwednesday oops. Already ate a breakfast and have a turkey sandwich packed for lunch. Bad Catholic.
ROBERT! i'm with Robert right nowww^-^
don't try to b all great on social media foo I'm a good dad too hoe
Not at all. It's just around town in L'burg, taking the sidestreets. But it's only been 1 day, maybe in a month or two.
I would love an underdog finals #gopacers!
Minnesota's sexiest dude rite ladies u know wats up
Thursdyas is the new Thursdays
I need a strong lady fuck shawty she not built her weak ways make me wanna snap on her
If you want to get to a Godly woman...seek God & If it's God's will--You will find her!
#astd2012 I think Gen Y has capability to be level 5 leaders
Ensalada y pan de bono, a balanced lunch
Goal setting is easy, is the doing part most people don't do.
yea I took acting classes. 4,000 dollars worth. But I still can't act like a Muslim. Ahah Im bound to slip up and cuss.
check out I got frames from then last year and I love them
While jumping through some ridiculous hoops for work, I heard, on the radio, "She Works Hard for the Money"! You said it Donna Summer!
When they do, tell me....I have no idea what the heck he's doing
Im soo tired but i cant fall asleep :(
Saved #OOMF at the beach and broke into my bigs apartment for him since he was locked out
rt: hey do not worry. You will be grand.
"One person with passion is better than forty people merely interested."
Positive outcomes Only
me too yay
I want a real edit with broken feet and scratched elbowspopped tires, We don't give a fuck.
Android just said to me "tell your mom to get to level 6 so I can invade her" in regards to his Facebook game. It's cute with a smack of sad
This or That? TURKEY or HAM?
really????“: magic Johnson has H.I.V ??? is that true?”
Santorum 2.0 was refreshing, but few in PA forgot 1.0. Race may be interesting.
Thunderstorms inspire great stories. What weather do you prefer whilst writing?
Well thank you Bea! I'll be sure to let her know!
Everyone is talking about each others hoods,,,
YOU can get Sparta kicked
Debby Knox sounds like a porn star name.
YEA LIKE 10PM
Mom, that was good Mac & Cheese pizza! Now back to #wcphilly. Next up, "STop Worrying, Start Publishing." with Anthony Bubel..
Just remember, it goes both ways too!
Just ran out of 4g data on my phone. Have to use granny's wifi or deal with the slowness untuil the 23rd of january.
Mau should follow me because I took the effort to type this tweet.
My People Smoking on a Pack of Noise Complaint
What makes me really laugh is how most of the #ArianaFact things talk about her feet. xD
the one that always stumps me is best English 20c novel. seems many strong competitors, few overwhelming ones.
How come nothing that's in 1000 Island Dressing tastes like it grows on an island?
Nice work, Amy!
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself – George Bernard Shaw.
¦ Via phone or in person I assume? I always buy online...
Today just hasn't been my day at all. hopefully ill have a fresh start tomorrow..
Comment away. Bastard.
A nice glass of wine helps put a shitty day in perspective
when u arent appreciated ull send anyone to hell
Making our way to Philly to get ready for #ALA_PLA! See you at booth 634 during the show!
SO jealous of you! haha
Lucic is my bash brother
Recent UCLA Film school grad, Olivia Silver, just won the Berlin Film Festival's Crystal Bear for her feature, Arcadia.
Good thing didn't show me Tiny Tower earlier or there would have been no
We had a great day at Imagine RIT and found some new friends
can't help but RT this “: At dinner with (who looks gorgeous btw) and friends”
Friday the 13th just got a bit spookier this month. Due to some delays in mastering we have to push back our release date to 4.13.12.
hey lovely girl! It's Katelyn! LOVE your beach photo shoot and the pix with the bike! Classic and gorgeous! ;-)
I don't care what anyone says I listen to masquerade by nicki minaj everyday! Motivates me
Adios Jose. Thanks for the memories. Anyone know what Raffy Santana is doing these days?
Fml I gotta make up the damn EOC -.-
If you heard the interview this morning on KHFM please like this post. "Spanish Room" tickets are on sale now !
Listen, Mr. Kansas Law Dog, law don't go round here.
As you never know when you might need this service, it's a useful one to bear in mind
I will be at the #Skillpath Social Media Marketing Conference tomorrow in NYC at the Pennsylvania Hotel. Anyone else?
Talking does not make you smarter; Listening does.
Wendys lemonade is amazing.
You did amazing! You should've stayed! You were my fav! #TeamDrew !
I think the girl with the purple hair is drunk.
Don't miss out on the Friends of the Library Better Book Sale this Saturday 10-2 @ OCC Library!
your lurking is so very.
She said she not mad... hahaha
Striving for #socialbusiness? Imagine what it wld b like if ur customers were always on site w/ u.Extreme, but imagine how u'd change
Guy in front of me at Frankie's order is over $70...
Thank YOU for the awesome high energy show!Special thanks for the moment of silence for our lost loved ones.
Out of control! Reloaded, Supserstar, Vanity!! Vanity is one of my favorites. Nothing on but the Radio. and Animal
Off to Drupal 101- come see a preview of the new Drupal site! #ala11 Marriott at the Convention Center 10:30
ugh right. i keep telling y'all Soy Cubano.
Just heard of app called Stylitics... "a tracking tool for your clothes closet!" anyone heard of it or used it before?
Yup MT : I've always disliked print ads.
I had a lot in Montreal that I really didn't care for.
Yea, I love that ass to death; but ain't no second chances....
Bored af and we on silent lunch
So tired.
You make my little heart feel a bit less small today.
I'm illegally in school because I'm too sick and I'm going to make everyone in school sick according to Bridget.
I have to do a presentation at an elementary school. Goin to demonstrate how to properly brush and floss to a 5th grade class
were u from ma
People who eat chocolate 3 times a month will live almost a year longer than those who eat more or less of it.
Be helpful. When you see a person without a smile, give him yours. ~ Zig Ziglar
who's that Ariel girl you told me about ?(:
Dear guy complaining that MPD closed Water St: not really. it was the hundreds of people who were walking in the middle of the road.
so wish us luck. We hope to bring you a book and video game this year!!
Tomorrow night is sexy dress night! I hope the ladies stick to the theme! lmao
Great--thanks!
45 and counting... All this damage isn't getting old. :)
Thx Gail, will u be in town on 5/9? We’d love 2 share your talk "Sustaining Chicago as a Premium City" w leaders from 100+ orgs
wait sorry, got confused for a second there! I think we're the only ones who didn't get to talk to him haha
no we don't want wreckfest. Just miss the beating and banging of a 1 groove race track like Bristol use to be.
#Limo & Limo Buses going to the #MichaelBuble concert tonight at the #Consol in #Pittsburgh. Great option taking a limo is for a
I give props to whoever looks good in a picture with flash.
Judging from the shards of glass stuck in the ceiling it would appear that there is more sugar in a cup of honey than in a cup of sugar
#Mexico :D
Faster client is with sending materials & decisions, the faster we can create the website. Client signed on today & already sent materials!
Lookin forward to seeing ya'all Sat night for Jessica's Event! Rock the HOUSE! XoXo
What goes in your mind comes out in your doings and that makes up your reality what are you eating?
I agree with on everything except the adorable ears part!!! I'm a guy remember!!!
The BEST part of high school tho that doesnt happen now is opening your locker and there being a nice note from a crush you liked as well <3
Yes, it's hard to accept the randomness of bad situations, but think about it...when isn't pirate booty cursed?
too bad Flints not around!
Heard some of the Republican debate last night and yearned for the day when pandering was subtler.
Cannot believe I did that again.
The San Diego Democratic Women's Club just voted to endorse me for Judge. Yeah!!!
wow, exito con eso. i hope time flies for ya
RT : The reason a lot of ppl don’t find or create work that they luv is fear, of course. Fear of failure & fear of the unknown.
All of my "art" in Draw Something looks like something done by a kindergartener, a serial killer, or a kindergarten-age serial killer.
Just really need to talk to my bestfriend about sumthings....
I wanna see
“: To become a bigger person, walk into a bigger vision.”
Thanks. Hopefully when I move it will be better.
That Damn macadelic mac miller mixtape ain't bad
Rough start to a new year, keeping my head up for a better start
That said, HE TOTALLY RECOGNIZED HER. But he lurves her ma too much to rat her out I bet.
nice. She's not even on Twitter to defend herself.
ok great!! :) I'm excited for you let me know if you need help
You'll get up on your feet in no time!
Updated my phone today, everything changed
Who knew we'd end up like this
2nd dept. Judge Emmett honors is Fire Marshall.
*wears a whistle, listens more, mot hearing voices. Heads to kitchen, calling out softly*hello hello?
Maybe the correct thing is: let you go... But sorry ! I never do correct things, I always commit the opposite, I prefer that...
Another Adam Sandler movie?! Yes, please!
Malik knows me too well. :)
Who hasn't studied for any AP tests yet?... that would be me
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I desperately tried to get any of my idols to notice me... Wait.. I still do that. AND LIKE A BOSS! ;D
No kidding
our new lovely followers! :)
Shep's talking Tigers. Why the struggles & an ESPN article suggests there could be long term trouble in Tiger Town. 248.848.1130, Call Shep!
This! {RT : cincinnati is pretty awesome. ;)
four days until my birthday trip with !
in London at the DCMI Bibliographic Metadata Task Group meetings... just getting started now...
Lol. You sure know how to make an old girl feel good. Bless you.
Last Call #happymothersday tweet moms
Well the high road is the classy route and more satisfying in the long run
Melanie..she's amazing and I love her but I love and more! #watchingre-runs of their songs all day!
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.
- Welcome! I like your website! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
I Don't Understand Why People Hate Picking Out What To Wear For School . I Think It's Fun.(:<U+2665>
Just saw a dog wearing mini sunglasses. Amazing.
Every fucking day dude.
you crack me up!
*ahem* I can be that significant other lol
lol i see it all the time on my tl it drives me crazy!!
what's the change ? Spring ?
I obviously know that. I'm just throwing out random trivia like you said.
I'm everyone - and no one. Everywhere - nowhere. Call me...
In Richmond sharing the Live Baltimore message!
Twitter + email seems like good news. If you think about, most social sites use email as a major way to inform & keep people coming back
just got a picture of you and three other guys showing support on tank tops - looking for an interview about it, anonymous or not
Dear Noir G mascara I was never happy wearing 1 mascara until you came along!
Yes... RT : Do you consider it rude when people ask how much something you own costs?
LOL. except your on twitter hehe. n.n
Right, I'm just surprised they're writing about this as if it is a new thing. It's not. You know this.
just pretend it's on the Wii - you rock at that.
I'm so sorry u were eliminated! I've been voting for u all season! You're certainly a joy to watch. Thank you for dancing!
I got a 67!? I BET THIS TWEET WILL RAISE MY SCORE! CAPS LOCK!?!?!?
Anything sweet in those boxes? or are they just boxes?
How about "One Nematode at a Time"? Or "The Mushroom Show"? <-- I'd watch that each week!
Heading into the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
wait. What? What??
7 Daniel Sims Sites
ick, sry to hear that! After initial install it didn't mess with anything on my taskbar, fortunately. Will be on web soon ;)
Serious question for #Twins fans, is the 2012 season what the 1990s were like? I was too young to really recall what it was like
Don't think so. I never saw one.
--_-- at the typo on my name smfh.
#CERAWEEK all the video will be on ceraweek on demand
You said you were criticizing him for making the correct decision. I disagreed, and asked a question. We can agree to disagree
he was in the hospital and they gave him days do live so we waiting on the call and we comming
drunk or very drunk ?????
checkoutmusic at youtube,facebook,google,,etc...
Lights are still on:)
I think that's awesome!!! Even though idk what your talking about, sorry to bother
Thanks to growing up with Mexican neighbors, I have a tendency to randomly start humming tuba bass lines
Meet our staff! RT : [...] Which part? Cuz like my tongue is always horizontal.
Much success Jeff. I'm looking fwd to the sophomore album.
Love the music video guys keep up the awesome work! :)
Dead hookers, schweaty balls, weddings, red penis candle, monkey bread, silk ropes, clamps, car battery & flying geese laughter= GR8 Nite!
that is
Raiders to interview former Lions coach Marty Mornhinweg.
cute touch!
Do you want to have BREAKFAST WITH SANTA? Well we have tickets! 410-752-2462 x221. (we also have Snack/Story/Train Ride with Santa!)
Local Mom Turns Into An Antelope Overnight -- Dermatologists HATE Her
looks like you had a fun time! :)
Gotta give props to the Caps on a great run, turned many into fans.
yes PLEASE! RT : MINT Mapping Editor...Please put this under the tree for me this Christmas!
By the way, I am not much taller than you, or did it escape your notice.
But do you think it will be the last?
That's a good idea. I haven't been since the week or two after they opened.
where y'all go?
You are so fake... I'm pretty sure I saw "Made in China" stamped on your neck.
Latin Ramblas West,the piano improvisation fttp://www.myspace.com/ntamburrino/music/songs/latin-ramblas-west-66574864 via
Every habit I have is bad.
You're right. Tough call. First I'd like to see Andy pitch a really solid Triple A game just to make sure he's ready
haha we don't have one? simple as that!
I know it's been months, but WHEN are we meeting on Skype again? lol, I promise to be on this time!
It's already 9?!?? I thought it was 7>.<
A new tool will not change the face of a culture. I think #Storyline's intuitive UI will aid in "better" courses.
I would pay money to get better at napping.
well deserved???? really!!!!
Uggh i feel sick but i HAVE to go to school
You know how im going to Newyork even if I cant get in.. Do you think ill still be able to see austin if Im outside?
bring it tomorrow foe
Happy Bday! Today is your day lil mama!
Just remember that the tough get going when the going gets tough.
Was chokeslamming H one of your prouder moments in WWE? Always loved when they let you use it.
It feels weird wearing dress clothes again after two weeks of travel
I have knocked out two deadlines in the last 16 hours. Let's see if I can get a new comic posted today too.
Good luck against the Celtics! Go Knicks!
basically, been waiting 8 years hahaha
thank YOU sir! Great job this weekend!
Group # == problem # on sheet
I'd never be on a reality show, but only because I wouldn't want my mom to see the faces I make when I'm talking to her on the phone
got two interviews today :') hopefully i get employed! *crossed fingers*
jealous :D
she's got to be bangin!!
Heading to teach this a.m. Can you help my students by naming the first woman to ever run for U.S. President?
Pyre is just about finished y'all personally my favorite song yet. - Zack
to try and validate yourself with words to the world.
I AM ROCKING THIS SONG. 1:10am. Wide awake. Not. I'm super tired.
hahahaaa You So funny !!
What a great team that was! They are doing a kick ass dinner with the whole team!
#FF Team Live Blog for 's 2012 #WOMCC! Good times yesterday, Team!
Curious to hear what you think of Foxy man. Have fun.
Thanks a mil!
If only Windows were like Cary Grant - ZDNet UK (blog)
Social media is how I make a living, how I've found true love, and faith. It's also caused me grief to no end.
I knew the Bulls was gone come back home and show they ass Melo had a great game yesterday thats the only reason they won
I should open up a JJ's Chicken and Fish in
When was the last time you got a dental exam?
Trayvon Martin case (Blow in NYtimes ) breaks my heart! One more reason we need music: build bridges between people, lessen fear of unknown!
I bet most don't break the rule. Second half of the rule explains how it can be a diphthong, but that gets forgotten.
sent me!(: oh yeah...and I followed you(:
ur beautiful smile ;-)
This Thursday, #Fridays is the place to be! Kick your weekend off early with $5 LITs & half-priced #appetizers from 4-7pm! See you there :)
anyone else born on leap year?
Damn damn damn!! That kicker costs us that game!!
get a room she wants to 69
It was effing hilar (hot tub time machine) or the art museum was bomb ( i dont remember what i was talking about) haha
you said it I never did regents befor so now I gotta catch up what I missed :(
Hey Village of Wauwatosa, never mind the phone call from our neighbors, we finally got a new lawn mower.
goes to the clippers? Where good players go to die. It's been real. If anyone can turn it around its cp3...until stern changes his mind
Thanks! See you at the parade!
dam u bout as sexy as they come
I wondered why the woman on the train was being such an asshole and standing on top of me, but then I heard Creed coming from her headph ...
in MIA enjoying memorial day weekend
Congrats on feature! You're getting pretty famous. :-D
What a pretty day this has been 80 degrees sunny did some yard work and set a dish out in the yard so the birdies could get a drink of water
Nothing is quite as stressful as the mall parking lot.
Happy national no pants day... Haha
Today is the first official day of spring. Spring is season to plant seeds for your harvest! What kind of seeds are you planting?
Apple is genius; they've made the world think tablets are a new technology or something, now people are actually coding for the form factor
was that a les mis reference on twitter?
#Fancy, don't let me down. :o)
#Monday Morning #Trivia: What Pulitzer Prize winning playwright was married to Marilyn Monroe?
I'll try not to take that personally...
Is that a Paris Review beach towel? Tres chic!
Thanks! Your right! I had no idea, the last time I was on twitter before yesterday was months ago!
I miss u more babe I'm sad today :-( I love u baby
definitely at least give python a try.
What if they are? (Mine typically aren't, but what if they were?)
tell mama mahone i love her!!! :)
The Facebook $FB IPO is gonna be insane. I'm bringing popcorn.
I got another niggas bitch with me & I'm falling fo her yes I'm falling fo her '
A little midnight oil burnt.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Grass fire has right lane I-39 SB near MM 160 at Edgerton closed. Reduced visability, use caution.
Rip emma eklund when I herd about that shit a nigga froze
there's only 4 people here come say hi
1st day of school tomorrow Less traffic due to less students. Would rather have hellish traffic than students turned away. Sad.
Had $20 off to use and couldn't find one pair I loved enough to buy :\ Maybe tomorrow? ;)
Mrs. Romania: Challenge accepted.
Maybe you'll finally be accepted into Hogwarts now!
Where my peeps at
if you were wondering, I have no relation to that I know of...
En Route to Michigan.
Follow Or Eat A Brick.
Thanks for the follow. What is your books about?
I need to get into holiday spirit #ChristmasVacation should do the trick
Making mom take the Enneagram test, after and I waxed on about Twos and Sixes for a half hour.
both renewed
little bit of devil in those angel eyes
Let the Academy Awards begin! #oscars #academyawards #billycrystal #film #win!! #congratulations!!
#thoughtsduringschool I wonder what's new on twitter..
Never test for an error you don't know how to handle
Where are my Vikings at? I'm ready to let loose the dogs of war!
Good thing #celtics get to rest all the way til tomorrow while #Heat are rushed back into action Sun after clinching Wed
The Orioles might be...good?
Just updated the Workshops! THANK YOU!! I knew there was one I left out!!!
“Let us send a message to government. NO MORE standing for empty promises. NO MORE backdoor deals. NO MORE wasteful spending. NOT...
You're welcome! :)
Thanks for tagging me--keep doing it! You're quite the writer. I'm seeing a book in your future.
major bummer. is having a server issue and my site is now down. glad to know it's not something on my end.
Thanks to Tyra Banks I can tell people I wasn't a pissed off pre-pubescent in my middle school pictures, I was just "smiling with my eyes."
Corey Taylor's book is the most insightful thing I have ever had the pleasure to read in my life.
#EMAC students: Capstone presentations are moved to EMAC classroom CB3 1.306. Still at 5 pm. Tomorrow (Tuesday).
Love is not what the mind thinks, but what the heart feels.
was good nigggaaahhh
#ThingsMyExsaid I thought we had somethin special..
People now a days just judge you -____-
sending positive vibes your way buddy
At the I will cheer for , my favorite tennis player
When I get a kitty, (cough, cough ) I think I'm going to name it after my first cat ever, Sparkle Bows Sparkles. Even if it's a boy.
there's a time in our life when we have to move on.
Thank you, Trip! Sorry again to have missed you on your recent trip. Let's get together soon.
everybody follows Clay Matthews
people are dumb so shows like Tosh .O and caught on tape. Plus stupid people make people like us feel better about life..
Nice! Nosh is a tasty place.
Devil's advocate speaking here: Were you OK with Russell Wilson breaking his commitment to NC State?
A Checklist for Throwing an Amazing Party by Jay Ashbury
i let my mind fuck everything up.
I see you walking past my class like you own the place.
Yes! I'm freaking out & don't know what to do with my hands, but YES! Email me anything you want me to ask- my head is spinnin
your actually really pretty
Goin to the museum tomorrow :-)
makin it happen.. Let's go....
#onceagain sorry #twitterboo I haven't been on, I've been busy but when I do get on I always have to give you a #shoutout :)
Can't wait to read about all the other things you missed about ABQ!
NO. YOU CANNOT INSTALL TRAFFIC LIGHTS IN A ROTARY. THAT DEFEATS THE PURPOSE OF THE ROTARY.
Bielema on Chase Hammond: 'he's battled back. He got a little tougher this spring. He has a lot of good football ahead of him."
I think this little taste of summer weather just fucked up my productive streak. Dammit.
thanks for teach d kid something new lol<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Happy New Years to you all and Cheers!
RT of you have a twitter
He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
I hope one day I get famous enough to be stalked by a sexual deviant. A girl can dream.
How you do anything is how you do everything, says Does that mean it's a good thing i cleaned my house last night?
"In life, most of us are highly skilled at suppressing action" Lesson of letting go is that we constrain our own creativity
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
glad you came in my pants....LOL
JUST REMEMBERING THEM JAMS BIG MOE DID.REDOS OF NATE'S " JUST A DOG" AND "TRYING TO LEAVE DRANK ALONE".R.I.P TO BOTH OF THEM BOYS.
OPEN #CASTING CALL for all #actress' between ages 25-45 for new #TV series set to be shot in #YYC + Internationally. Contact for more info!
Excited. I'll be presenting my research on social media policies at the ISTR conference in Italy this summer.
Enjoying the subtle thrill of a slowly deflating air matress.
Why hello there how was your day? I hope that it was better then mine Cu's I'm not feeling to good):
LeBron James has apparently taken his talents to South Park.
And that's how you get suspended from work. At last it was worth it! :) Fiiyurrrrrr!
its makes since to me now too....kept getting dms about a pic and I hadn't been on twitter all day
Craziest game ever.
did you frame your students' first assignment as a rhetorical analysis?
Carnival Time = Calories. Eliminate one indulgence per parade. It can save tons of calories!
Good seeing you tonight sorry I wasn't able to introduce you to the wifey. Anyways you throw 1 helluva party!
don't wish it away :) one day you will miss it ! Like when u r grown and paying taxes and buying groceries and wiping kid butts
Very excited to reunite tonight with ms for some much needed drinks and music masterminding!!!
Beautiful fall day in Wisconsin.
Rain likely overnight into Tuesday and we may even have a few thunderstorms... and the warmer temps won't stick around long.
Fun. - Out On The Town
Ich mache 'Pink Turns Blue' - "if two worlds kiss". Kennst du? (Practicing my German. It's a little rough.) Great album!
Sex is a healthy way of relieving stress...
Hey , if I just started coming down to metro and picking up and trying to fix up the area can I have a building?
my poor fiance doesn't know what to do with me. I'm fine, I'm fine, I burst into tears...
If they go do what they do they will be fine can't be nervous
I reaaaalllllllllyyyy want to go to Bamboozle ):
##FF Hello west coast: best improv group blog ever!
Thanks to everyone who show me love yesterday...
WX fact: Meteorologists are used in all different fields such as banking, insurance, commodity trading, renewable resources, & utility comp
looking forward to tonight's concert
just let everyone know to RSVP! Thanks! And if you're ever in dc, let me know!
well, I find Simon's behavior to be unsettling. The fact that Alex defends it, is even worse !
Congrats to our new Miss America, #misswisconsin Laura Kaeppeler!!
okay! I'm sending a few of my doc students your way!
yea what she said Lolz
actually i'm gonna eat something too. brb
make my money
same here
Recording and editing a new song tonight. Almost finished!
Interning at a film company called Harbor Picture Company
I had a dream you were prego !!!! and hey . . . you looked kinda cute !
Study abroad advice from IEM Intern Lauren," Pack what you think you need for a semester abroad, then cut it in half."
everyone in the music business is not standing by waiting for your works, but very well may be inspired, blessed by them
Big show at Sky Church on September 20th to honor
we're most likely going to the same party. cant wait doe!
Was just next to on the subway, and was too afraid to say that I enjoyed his book.
got me HOOKED! On LOST! :-)
already did lmao
Productive morning, almost time for some lunch.
Ill text you .. but it not bout you .. U know i love you :) and u didnt asnwer my call ! : (
Being a pro-big-business politician now is like seeing seagulls feed on a beached whale and rooting for the seagulls.
's new album #Amaryllis is brilliant. and the boys knocked this one out of the park. LOVE IT!
The suspense is killing me...
I can't wait to have my ribs
need to turn the game around.
Congratulations Russ!
#FF Jim Crail Progressive Democratic candidate #Wisconsin Assembly in District #wi55 #Wiunion Keep his name in front twitter.
Saw & was blown away by #IAmMyOwnWife on Wednesday night. Fantastic show, thank you so much!
": My team so HAWT right now im ready to devote all my time to it to see the dream become REALITY "
Great job today girls!!!!
If there is anyone out there with some sort of radio brodcast via internet of tonights match, please let me know.
that's actually one of he things my BC discussed. She wasn't as well developed as she should have been for 3 very long books.
funny thing is I was actually talking about you.
Internet Marketing Ninjas Celebrates 13th Anniversary with Trip to Las Vegas
umm noo...i thought we decided on that ur WICKED AMAZING! ahah :)
oh yeah I'm all about simple, I just think they're going for attention, whether good or bad.
Summer associates to be: Remember senior lawyers do not want to see your work until it's your best. No "drafts"
Event Alert: Tonight's! Evolution Jam Session will be one to remember! Curtis Brothers X Strickland Brothers
not bad! it's friday!!
Guess I'll hang out to tonight ... NOW with who!!
Can't.stop.coughing.
The Whole Series, Or Tonight's Game? RT : I got the clippers for 20
At this point for the #Rangers it's just batting practice.
Would you trade Roy Hibbert for Tony Parker? Appreciate the advice
Had a few productive meetings with clients
TA LOCO, EL GEORGE :)
I'll ask him to come over whenever we hangout!
I'm so sad that the #RedSox season is over. How many days until opening day??
Thanks. You too, Rhonda.
They say the first time ain't the greatest, but I tell ya if I had the chance 2 do it all again. I wouldn't change a stroke cause baby I'm .
legacy cloud = fart
Is that lobster tail? Looks incredible.
So glad you didn't hurt the book. It's not the poor book's fault. It has feelings, you know! ;-)
I love more than Ralphie. Don't tell
#hawks are up and down, up and down. lose to the #pacers tonite 96-84.
Mad Men season 2 on DVD can't wait! On sale tomorrow. High fashion and flawless skin. Get your complexion smooth with Skintastic.com
Its like guys want a good girl to be bad just for them & girls want a bad boy to be good just for them.
FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT FOR MY 2.790 FOLLOWERS.. LEST GO
If you were gold or silver heels your a fucking huge chonga its really not cute .
i always needs me some fresh fy ass talent to join the team dont slip atlanta dog records is bout to blow up 50/50 splits folk
4 Non Blondes - What's Up? RT : What is your favorite one-hit wonder of all TIME?
aren't you guys special
CongraDDulations! A graDDuate with pretty nails & DD coffee....you've got the look down!
hey, I've been an avid follower for the past four+ years. Hit me up when you're in LA.
dang! Stingy people!!
not for Ramses Barden ha : Good-luck pizzas from Umbertos on LI on a plane right now to feed the Giants after practice
Contemplating bock beers for an article for - an exciting new magazine about food and beer!
"What you learn, you teach: what you get, you give."
I swear I had something clever to say...hell if I can remember what it was though.
your name Definately Describes you :) Whatup gorgeous?
I think everyone should follow them too THEY ARE AWSOME!!!
If you want truly to understand something, try to change it.
I luv VICTORIOUS, :-) PLEASE S/O ME
Such a nice day outside! Sure am glad I have class and work until 5!
“Mst things in life R moments of pleasure & a lifetime of embarrassment; photos R a moment of embarrssment & a lifetime of pleasure.” - T.B.
I want an Iphone so bad!! But I need a job first -.-
you sure you weren't hearing this chick behinds me music? Its so bad...
On the way back to cbus.
My son is okay, although he lost his entire colon, so he needs a feeding tube. Otherwise you'd never know!
It's not fair to blame one person for this. I blame all the republicans! LOL
#youknowwhatannoysme When you text me, and then never reply to any of my texts.
Easy reading is damn hard writing. ~Nathaniel Hawthorne
Webinar? But aren't you here at the Salt Palace?
Congratulations! Have a great day of celebrating your hard work! Blessings sent from another grad. Go GRIZ.
RT : When I get cable I want to see what First 48 is about.<<<lmmfao...hell naaa.....
lie. i love you.
OMG weird
look at my recently added photos to see phone. EMP is the experience music project. They have a sci-fi museum.
idk if you noticed, but ALWAYS looks stunning! Your beautiful Alli :)
Today in 1946 the NL pennant ended in a tie for the 1st time (#Brooklyn and #StLouis).
Friday or Sunday is fine by me
Shout out for shout out anyone? :)
Recouping from strep throat
Are you getting these? I'm gonna try to post a picture of River on my site to see if it works....
all is well, whats good with you?
": God only gives three answers to prayer: 1. 'Yes!' 2. 'Not yet.' 3. 'I have something better in mind."
I'm coming there in July
love ya too! :)
I pray it's a productive morning!!!;)
remember this nuggetron?
#InAppropriateFuneralSongs - Highway To Hell
steal shiny sand, 9th gr world hist. ss responding 2 rfp 2 time travel + steal gold from early african civs via presentation
Oh, so you like a guy named Louis, but not my Louis Tomlinson? Why didn't you tell me?! WHO IS HE.
Take the red pill.
I don't know what too say….
It was all our pleasure, many more good things to come and we shall lift each other up as women into the stratosphere!
Trick or Treat Tonight!!! with the world famous DJ CUT spinning Top 40, Hip Hop, old school and RnB! Drink specials all night long !
After last night's W, heading back to Indy w/ that win can bring a lot of confidence, but Miami always plays great in our house.
Hoosiers! Dropped cash on street and multiple people stopped to pick it up and find owner....ME! Thank you!
Oh jeez really?! That sounds awfully terrible! well, we'll just have to chill on weekends then. how long does it go 'til?!
So the ren fest in RENO was cancelled? weird, but I had an awesome day in Reno instead! :-) love charlotte Russe!
Their favorites will tell you a lot about someone.
RT : Getting ready to record #TheToolBar with and What does one drink...? < Looking for suggestions?
Haddon has a Twitter? HADDON HAS A TWITTER. HADDON. HAS. A. TWITTER. *happygasp*
Got back from Beverly Hills. Great opening. So many turned out if was hard to get through the gallery.
Whaat do you think of the convegence of IT & physical security?
Rome wasnt built in one day
Wake up gotta get this cake up while im out here chasin my dream......
Almost done work then quick workout getting dinner ready #AMhorror tonight!
Im so ready for Vegas!!
Bid girls at Tavern Uptown handing out Buds! Now!
its not that hard .. just follow ME ! (;
hey, thank you so much for the #FF!
you should know I'm all about the accessories! A great mug makes a good latte awesome.
Matt is right. This is no replacement for Skype. Different use case - different service.
HOLYSHET. kaela and i have the same name, and our moms have the same name. OMG WUT?! both names are spelled differently doe. MIND FUCKED.
I feel like van Gelder from "Dagger of the Mind".
My work's St. Pat's Eve party is Friday... could you guys do Sat even though that's the big holiday?
"my freshman yaaarrr...I wrote a fialm on sex addiction...."
awww you look like a doll
Its magic. With a small m. ": Love our writers: "
I sat up front yesterday at #barcamporlando #brevard needs a social event! We have 30 web devs looking for jobs.
why do car dealerships have balloons? do I get a free balloon with a car purchase? what does a balloon cost these days?
Textually Transmitted Diseases cannot be cured! Use protection!
Going to a $10 #blackjack table with only $20 to your name? Don't be that guy!
Right on!
#RONALDO sick with it, let's go
you caught me on a bad day I get money by the bag
lemon juice? Interesting. I was in Dublin last spring after covering the Royal Wedding in London. Wish I would have known that
Ha! She totally did! ;-) And now she won't share her secrets to staying up late (bc she rarely drinks caffeine). Mean!
Our #BeatTheStreak picks are: Holliday (STL), Cabrera (DET), Choo (CLE), and Martin of the #Yankees! Who did you pick for today?
In a mood. Saying what's on my mind. Don't give aa fuck if I hurt feelings or not.
Prof: "Anyone seen GCB? It stands for Good Christian Bitches. You've all met some." Lol, truth.
-Guess who! :D
I wish I could rap . Or sing . Singing is cool too . But id rather rap .
We are searching for a Male co-host for the AxeOff USA competition. For more info log on to www.AxeOffUSA.com
D: oh my gosh i dont really know what that is but it doesnt sound good
Joel Osteen betta follow back n I'm not playin wit him! Hmmp! What would Jesus do? Lol
The president supports same sex marriage because his wife looks like a male horse.
Well I was thinking showbiz-ersatz, but in a setting w/ time machines, sure, why not?
Going to hear my former student play in the final round of a concerto competition
There is a difference from loving someone and being in love with someone. I loved people but I've never been in love with someone..until now
did you take Japanese there?
I'm prolly the darkest person alive right now
RT "Whatever you believe as coach, it's about how you sell it to your team." - Van Gundy
A jewel-studded mango? Are you for real?
I am still in laser lights after night in Rasputin. I was being possessed by music and festivity.
LOL. TEXT ME BACK.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. - Confucius
Kinda like your dwindling intellect.
do you sleep?
cool. who are you gonna play for?
I love reading comments on sites like Last.fm. There are people just now finding out about The White Stripes.
If it's true that Sandusky went on recruiting trips last year on behalf of Penn St you can put a fork in the football program.
Thanks ! That greek frozen yogurt was delicious!! and agree! OPA!!
BTW- congratulations on graduation!!
boy you a fool for that video,"I got bronchitis I got bronchitis,ain't nobody got time for that"<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
it would have to- anything else would be unconscionable
So I had McDonalds and Wendy's today...they don't call me the #DietKiller for nothing.
I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
Today is National Teacher Appreciation Day. Special thanks to my 8th grade English teacher Mrs Blackmer and WHS journalism teacher Mrs McKee
congrats bro.
Best fish fry in Green Bay? Bringing friends from D.C. for New Orleans game.
It is illegal to water a garden in the rain in Montreal Canada
I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks.
Nice!! Just booked my trip!! RT “: Rapping up another fantastic #Curacao trip!! Thanks to the for everything...
On my way to my favorite public place: Barnes and nobles with a starbucks! Study time
bwahahahahah.....sounds like fun to me....lol
mixing dry yeast in with the other dry ingredients is a bad idea
A man deserves a second chance, but keep an eye on him. ~ John Wayne
#TwSIG you can block abusers and spammers. You can also report them.
Hello everyone in Orlando! We are expanding our network of sponsors!
Arnold Palmers are THE BEST!!!!
parking is comped for play correct?
Wish I coukd of went to the Obama rally
enjoy your lunch and the market!
we can get it goin, dm me ya contact info n we can rap about it
Irsay is colorful and weird.
Well it's gloomy and crappy out, if your weather is anything like here so I'm sure it's hard to get motivated! Enjoy your show!
Sounds like fun :-)
1 inch hail reported 6 miles east of Dawson.
LAME NIGGAZ B QUITE
windows 8 and mobile looks good to create more competition but I don't think I'll be going back to use it for primary use.
Hey all you Denver sports fans, how about that finish?? Congrats to the Denver Broncos
“: Is Rashad dating a tennis player?”yes. Her name is Monica seles. He stabbed her in an attempt to flirt
Acoustic show at the new hazlett theater in Pittsburgh Friday!
“: Shoot... I've been keeping the wrong persons score all day... #collegegolfproblems” all you girl
off to laughlin till friday =) *->BaByDoLL<-*
LOL I can just see that he is about to say something really funny LOL GOOD LUCK
Going to continue my weekend of #Milwaukee fun & amazing food by heading to before they close this am!
RT Woke up 2 hours late. Very grateful for a connected workplace. I actually logged in and started working 30 mins early.
Metal roof special!!! 12% off all new metal roofs. Call Today 305-910-7388
that's cuz you were being greedy. Lol
You should know better!
Spent the morning shopping for bedding for Bubbles new "big girl" bed. Have lots to show you soon!
Finally Friday! No better place 2 B than w/ me ,,,
instead of anti-bullying laws maybe we should work on not having so many pussies
When your 2 primary ball handlers are JR Smith & B. Davis you won't win most games
Oh! It's the STRIPPER'S glitter. That's cool.
#thingspeopleshouldnotdo tell your boss that you think he is a tool
had a successful day g'saling.
where at???
Just got home from newnan :) hung out all day with my wonderful grandma :P
Thanks (: what ever color gets chosen the most i will get :D
Heading to the Indians baseball game this evening....
hey what's up, Pimp!
Awesome awesome awesome view in DC. Just saw the Shuttle discovery being paraded in the DC skies.
Back-to-back threes for Mickael Pietrus. Think he's found a groove?
: where on earth is tho -- Just made it hm boo from LAST NiTe...Smh...W0W ! Wat A Adventure !!
Thanks for returning my follow!
Just heard DanceOn CEO interviewed as part of the new YouTube channels. Awesome stuff!
Tell stories by MAGIC: Motivate your Audience with Goals, being Interactive and provide Content
Watch stream of senate in recess or turn on on ...well duh!!!
not bad gotta get big...bigger for the summer again
Katz, it is a beautiful day in Fort Worth. How many of you have tried our new vegetarian plate? Keith
Every year partners with for The Christmas Angels program. Stop by to get your angel. Thank you.
i must go to 's NYC show <33
what, it has an article about 's summer? Man, that guy is everywhere.
It's Thursday night at Grand in Stamford, CT with DJ Michael Fusco! I'm spinning from 10PM -1AM! No cover, 15 Bank Street Stamford, CT!
#uword the right attitude in the church
“ When a girl falls asleep texting you, it doesn't mean you bore her. It just means she didn't want to end the conversation.”
thank you... You too Right back at ya ;)
i saw u guys! LIVE! u were jumping up and down wen they anouced the boyz and after they finished dancing!
thanks! I'm hoping to get some celebs to join me. By the easy it's not just me. Read the description :)
DeGioia: "Georgetown's new science building to be named 'Regents Hall' "
#ff keeping not a damn thing in "the cloud" and just buying some external HD's. Suckers. Giving your data away.
Had so much fun in Newport Beach today=] Yachting, kayaking and having fun with good friends...
But if they Loos I will be elated!!
says that when she wasn't consistently commenting on her students' blog posts, they stopped putting in as much effort
So true Stacy! Have a great day!
RT : friends in the press -Are you coming to Media Day? Hashtag your team allegiance & we'll pin you when you're here.
Notre Dame's women's coach really said Griner was like a man playing against women? Wow.
haha welcome buddy(:
Buenos Dias a todos / Good morning everyone! Happy Friday! :-)
I hate this town, it's so washed up and all my friends don't give a fuck. -ADTR
The Celebrity Apprentice finale would've been infinitely better with and going head to head. Period.
I bet that Super Bowl ring also helped!
... A beautiful looking gallery space to exhibit some exquisite examples of Frank Stella's early work. Wonderful share!
Happy Easter, Happy Passover, Happy Peeps, Happy Spring!
Shamanic Tantra is amazing and I have only been studying it for a couple of months. Big shifts in my sexuality/sensuality
Tonight beginning at 7 PM, the Modern Poetry Reading with featured poet R. B. Horsley. Bring your own or bring your favorite.
Also, Abel brought of the beginnings of his innocence and the potential thereof. Now Jehovah respected Abel's offering.
are you trying to steal my woman...? She'll do anything for frozen dessert...
I'm right there if you get lonely
Up side to cloud discovery layer is that it off-loads some work of of it. Except for FLP it likely would not.
Ray Allen is such an underrated defensive player.
The vikings pick is lame. Who are the Vikings protecting? Get a qb then draft a tackle.
What does Guerrilla marketing mean to you?
Does that make him Meriweather Light? RT MattSpiegel670: Wright whiff.
I get 2 see my sexy baby tomorrow:)
#icantstandpeople who don't fix their hair. .. fix that mess.
Thinking about starting a 'Time Bank' for MPPAustin. Members provide services for each other. One hour = One TimeDollar
Sometimes I want 2 go 2 corner and stab myself in my heart! Well in my mind I do! Though I just sing #skyscraper in my head, and im good!
The Boss and Joe Walsh join Sir Paul. Stunning #Grammy finish
I hate squirrels. Stupid animals.
guess what - we're more in love with you
I GOT CABLE AND XBOX AT THE SAME TIME. i love my life. play me later
#Grateful for all this carrot juice I've been drinking, tho I'm turning into an UmpaLumpa
you already know what time it is... lol
If You FOLLOW I'll Shout You Out !!!(:
Stock up now for the holidays at Siesel's Meats in San Diego, CA 92110!
- sounds gr8. Jen n I were just looking into the Omega juicers as well.
It has been a busy start at #BlueRock to the new year! How have you been?
yes pls do.
": Never invade a #Capricorn's personal space unless we invite you inside."
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions my whole fam would be taken care of :)
Ramones, The Clash, New York Dolls......there were so many great ones
Mission Accomplished: be in the yearbook for something / do something that satisfies me or makes me happy <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
lol. Good to know, I'm not the only one!
To be clear, I am NOT saying this had anything to do with his departure - merely telling what sources are telling me...but
....doggone it ! April Sundays in the
the motto is stuck in my head
keep up the great work for Dr. Paul! We can DO this.
Huh? Guess I must've got drunk and married Google at some point
Thanks man! I'll get ahold of him. has reached out as well. Thanks team!
awesome!! Haha I'm going out there for the summer lol
Roasted banana and brown sugar ice cream! Sounds wonderful!
You know how I know Mitt had a bad day? Because I read lots of news today and have no idea what he said at his speech today.
I honestly saw more people wearing orange today than I have in my whole life.
I try but it is so hard... sticks out like a sore thumb... lol
OMG, I can't believe that episode of Big Bang Theory just ended like that. Please tell me there is another episode next week.
Yay! Thanks! I'm so excited for ma kalbi!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE(: x8
Covered that AUDJPY short. Still think risk off in general a little ovr sold.
your tweets are perfect & describe my life. kthanksbye.
Can you tell me which list you're referring to? I've been posting a lot of info! I'll help as best I can. Thx!
Anyone see the new Beauty and the Beast 3D??? Worth it?
My click bang it bang bangs my click bangs lol
I tried to text everyone back. I apologize!
You should really follow this awesome hustler She's one of my good friends and she Barakat's Bitch. Do it for Jack.
I'll be sure to report back on the progress
What are you looking at for an apartment?
Tomorrow: casting callbacks (!!) and hopefully final casting decisions – followed by our first Big Production Meeting.
I sent that tweet b/4 I was done (I do that a lot)! Have a gr8t trip - looking forward to your tweets. The bit.ly made me laugh...
Happy Friday everyone! Amazing news will be coming soon :)
Samsung Galaxy Nexus comes out at Verizon tomorrow! Yay!
Ugh I'm going to need some help with le research paper D:
: How we are online should be no less professional than how we are at work or in the room. Pass the elevator test says
Tutors are lined up and ready to help students at Positive Tomorrows! We LOVE Wednesdays!
#TimTebow makes more money than #AaronRodgers does... There's definitely something wrong with that. Rodgers > Tebow (in every way possible.)
Sunny & 60 degree temps will extend all of the way through Passover & Easter. Supreme weekend weather for #NYC & the Tri-State Area.
same I think this year is in the books
But wut ab those who knw da REAL story on da sudden ENDING? I jus say.."I STILL DONT KNOW". But ppl REFUSE2 accept it&say "STILL UR SON".SMH
Yes, I've. It aired in the US on April 4th. It's so good, but so sad too!
Really? Now that I think of it.. I think Lea does it, too. Haha. I shall try it someday.
lol....thank you!!! And only if you cook.:)
Out riding wit my other half my husnand celebrating making another month in this union and many more God willing! (est. 10-06-11)
I feel like it's been a million years since I was in the studio. I miss you! (zero sleep, envelope-glue-breath and all...) ;)
There are so many fake Josh Hutcherson and Jennifer Lawrence Instagram accounts. I'd be surprised if they actually even had one.
received complete drafts of senior theses from my two advisees, well before the deadline.
Hey Arlington - if you are celebrating the #SuperBowl tonight w/ friends, be safe! Have DD, take metro, or cab! # is 703-522-3333
I love classical music
yeah. It was awkward when in midflight they had blood soaked vampire sex.
I been thnkn bout ya o nana nah
“: Women please have those stomachs right this summer if u gone have them out” lol u to silly
It's Tiger day on our twitter page.... we'll be posting stories, polls, and great moments throughout the day.
Hello! No blogs...this was interesting info, but I'm more excited about the actual research...
Thanks so much! Glad you like the music!
oh fun! I've only played that one time!! :(
So much for that rumored Stones reunion...it looks like Foo Fighters & Arcade Fire will join Mick Jagger on SNL next week.
the music is taking off! alot of people are starting to fuck with me now! hard work pays off! the haters still exsist but goodie go hard!
Need hit records? Lets talk
"Nobody likes me, everybody hates me, guess I’ll go eat worms. Long, thin slimy ones short, fat juicy ones, itsy bitsy, fuzzy wuzzy worms…"
Come on Gators!! You've blocked a kick. Let's win this thing.
i can switch between browsers faster than doing something on my phone :P
Recyclers get expert help from mentors
Got pulled over for truancy lol only reason they let me go is cause me n the officer had the same birthday smh he said "nomo hustlin" lol
OPINION: Most news orgs. .bitly articles way, way too long. Non-mobile friendly sites a bummer, too.
thank u I checked out ur website nice what else u do
RHCP and Childish Gambino confirmed for #ACLFest. Cool? As long as someone else exciting is performing at their times, then I'm set!
There's nothing good on tv
Waiting for a friend to come to my hose:) can't wait it's gonna be a fun/sex night:)))))) u wanna be the next!! Send me a message?!:)
I sort of kinda remember that day...
RT : Boarding flight to Sa Town! you better come see me. Got your script dog!
When u'r hangin n there, u gotta pull up or let go! Ya can't hang 2 long!
Food Fact of the Day: March 4, 1634 Samuel Cole supposedly opened the first tavern in the U.S., in Boston. What took so long?
Many clients are ordering Logo Golf Balls, Titlesist, Callaway, Nike, Pinnacle and more. Low 12 dozen minimums.
Peyton Manning signs with the
14 hour day....nice.
Louisiana registered voters not affiliated with a recognized party -- You must choose ONE PARTY BALLOT in the August 28 primary election.
I can smell the hopelessness from here! :) have a great time wtih Derek. Stake says haiiiiiiiii
Exciting! Be sure to send me a postcard!!
#Beliebers your man is talking to the BBS show tomorrow at 7:20AM!
lol that's what I thought some squirrels were doing outside the school . Lol they weren't " fighting " ;)
I miss you too (:
#GTL all day, #DTF all night!
cause I txted u and u didnt txt me back
There's just something about Sunday's that makes me want coffee, read or chat in bed, then fall back asleep. i just got so totally drowsy
This exit should be trumpeted to the heavens to show/prove the viability to unbelievers.
people either love or hate that one (I fell on love side) but if you don't like it so far, that might not change
what does Naii mean?
That's awesome :) and you looked stylish doing it.
Thanks for the follow Jennifer! Love the mission of Jumpstart SLT--check out if you guys use #AT or
I miss: <U+2752> My old friends <U+2752> The person you used to be <U+2752> The good times <U+2752> My childhood <U+2714> All of the above.
A Very Happy Thanksgiving to You too, Neha Ji! Have lots of Fun! Loved Your work in Raat Gayi Baat Gayi, and PGRO! :)
You're welcome. Just keep writing :)
no patience for those who refuse to use twitter or facebook and yet want to run campaigns on twitter or facebook. welcome to 2010 people!
so true, so true yet again :-)
Q3.5)Needs to be someone with the authority to remove items
Follow back?
Was your favorite piece of jewelry given to you by someone or did you buy it? Is there a story behind it??
Dreams dont chase themselves
not to worry
Who else will be digging out the jorts when 70s and 80s arrive?
New CandySwipe game comment in the android market: "Awesome. Completely addicting. Fun for me and..." by Kristen
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. -Harry Truman
wow I was only in there for a week, then i went back for 3 days...then back for two days...and now just a check up every two months
HAPPY.... O'yaeh Saturday. :)
save me omg save me DX lmfao
Nice...keep up the good work!
will you follow me please? Your tweets are AMAZING!
RT: :Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm~Winston Churchill-love this.True
send me your digits
Longest. Week. Evar.
I can't wait until Friday is over with. This buying and selling process is by far the most annoying and stressful thing I have ever done!
Happy mothers day to my fav celebrity mom :)
Feels good to have the day off..
i too have used grooveshark, and it's the best I know of. Let me know what you think!
#factsaboutmyself I still buy hot wheel and play with them in the dirt when no ones looking.
this is my more library-related stream. I'm arbitrarily following you from here, but I tend to tweet differently from each.
Miss Tumey, who is the mixer for? Would performers benefit by attending?
Would love to see ability to block my sites from 12-5 and 7-9 Sun-Thurs, and 11-3 on Fridays :) i.e.daily custom
Things are starting to look better for me. I am finally seeing th e light at the end of the tunnel
some 1 tweet me
- Ok, for you, I'll start posting some pics of the ground.
That butt workout kicked my ass.
Wow! Care to direct message me your story? It sounds interesting!
Would love to include sample of your products in our Ultimate Swag Bags for our Fit & Fab event on 5/24!
I have a high school crush on ...it gets more real every time I see him on twitter.
NEW SINGLE "Life & Favor" by my friend, Pastor John P Kee available for download at iTunes now!
Many of those babies I worked with, I loved. Nolowe wears glasses now like my son. He still appears hydrocephalic.
There can never be a more beautiful you!
yes, what colors are we wearing? bcuz i want to wear the most obnoxious color out there... aka rainbow.
we on far loud nigga M.M.G
Where does Jared Jeffries go after a 33-point Knicks loss? The same club I go to after a 33-point Heat win.
a feminist in flare jeans!
When that money go, u should see me chase it; got a little weight but I move at a steady pace its; money talks conversation in staks
#poormansPlaxico ": I'm feeling reckless today. Anybody can get it. Shots will be fired!"
True delight comes from giving it to someone else.
best part: "nevah listen to zeez tapes. Zey are horrifying"
Desperate much?
Holtby is playing amazing tho. what id do to be in his shoes,
Dad's proposed agenda for weekend in San Diego: beach hike, dog show, & lots of mexican food
hHah best word I thought of
Hm....thinking about throwing in these 0's...
If you can't afford childcare you can't work you'll be forced to move + stop paying taxes
will you follow me back please :)
#69Factsaboutme 16. I doubt myself more than anyone.
dent. FU computer autocorrect. F me typing skills.
Wow what a great ending to #Dexter can't wait for next season!
I've got time if you got me <U+2661>
Hiring a Business Analyst that has experience with Charles River. Let me know if you or anyone in your network is interested!!
omg you're so beautiful
Staggering RT : Apple's hardware revenue is $99B, Amazon, a channel, made only $28B in the entire Electronics category.
I've written a song about Pho that rhymes "Vietnam" with "nom nom nom." It might need some work.
Police blotter - 4/24; Two taken to hospital after motorcycle crash
Thanks for the RT !
and he interrupted la conclu de sarko... what a poof
yea it is. I may call on you to come visit or may need to see Chicago so I don't get too sucked in :)
Pizza hut is fucking disgusting.
great job moderating panel discussion at #BairdTechnologyConf - appreciate your partiipation
One Time to Turn To You #stillkidrauhl :')
full moon tonight!
I remember from "back in the day" (last year) when we talked about an appinventor4lib. Let's do it!
skool tiers me out !!!
Oh Yeah 8-)
well we can sure try! I'd like to see if its a hardware or a software problem. Ill DM u my email address.
Q4) I need some more things turned on first by IT... hope they don't shut anything down
Hungry and pissed
Educate a man and you educate an individual - educate a woman and you educate a family. ~ Agnes Cripps
Black Special of the day "Remembering Whitney: The Oprah Winfrey Interview"
What is activity streaming good for? It permits people to assemble, analyze, and interpret accounts of a shared activity
Any nigga got a problem with it tell em who it is i aint stutter muthafucka you can tell em who it is
Slow speed training is designed to make your muscles stronger. When you're stronger, you can do anything better.
Baby you should let me love you
Not cool. RT Hey ! That Tibet commercial of yours was the most offensive thing I've seen all day!
#nehvectors Cheng hopes to make the website open to public contributions of new sites and also commentary on their sites.
Plug it in and turn me on
Ironically, my dad's been telling me I need a manager for years..now I need an assistant..but before then, I have straighten things first.
S/O to all our new followers! Big thangs ahead in 2012 M.O.J.O. Posse let's do work!
wow it's crazyy how after YYYEEAARRS i found you here on twitter LOL what you bn up to???
you heard about what lil wayne said about the saints?
Tech-Critics: Temperature Regulating Chairs Bring Peace To Office ...
Congrats to Cam Newton and the Tigers, great job fighting back and gettin the win.
any 1else without power in #irondequoit ?
Charleston , SC! We are performing at Jimbos Rock Lounge TONIGHT! Its the last date of the NYTF Tour , come rage!
At Tullys at Lincoln Square using their free wifi
#OECD report #China #India & #Korea=44% of US foreign student market. As quality hi ed grows there, intro more fin aid for foreign students?
stop what?
Happy birthday tiger woods!
Also: Activist Archivists website is down today. for future ref it's activist-archivist .org.
I hate the crumbs at the bottom of cereal boxes.
We heart Farmland too!
I'm about 10 seconds into the new #Feist... It's #everythingicouldhavewanted and more :)
Time to #Boycott companies who do not support women but support #Limbaugh like
Just had my first Miller Lite with the punch-top thing. Really a life changing thing you guys
Right? Because right now I do not consider him hot.
Thanks so much, we're so happy to be downtown.
Whenever I drink a frappuccino, I also get a cup of ice water and alternate between the two
Prepping for our shoot tomorrow! Lots of new rad things including more neon and vintage swimwear!
but it looks more satisfyingly retro when it's capitalized. See also: MAC.
#IfWeJustSmashing then don't ask for my number.
#HERESTOALL Its sad how MTV went from My Super Sweet 16, to 16 and Pregnant...
if this preview is not on
G8 summit cancelled in Chicago and moved to Camp David. Go to hell hipster scum/occupy wall street protesters
We will draw one winner at random at 4:00. Good luck and happy reading!
I'm going to Startup Weekend Madison this weekend, largely due to your endorsement of it at MU last week! Thanks!
fucking exhausted, im taking a nap!
I'm at the rave at a concert
too good to be true! I knew it. Sigh* I'm done.
What a diverse and impressive class of Top 40 Under 40 in this week!
My good freind Conrad, found guilty. You mean to tell me that the dealer can be held accountable for all them junkies?
RT if you had a great weekend!
Gtown trustees vote to move to D2.
I have decided to go for a walk
Obama Sotu- "no bailouts-handouts or cop outs".
enjoying my day off! catching up on some writing, then cleaning, gym, and hanging with my girls.
there's a book??? What???
brilliant! Now if only would get me my own cocktail waitress.
it's okay I'm not here to judge lol
15 min power nap
Idk why I want grapes and watermelon so badly lol <U+E056>
Things just got worse for Dallas, as Jerry Jones announces he's not mad at them..."Just disappointed"
so they're only keeping 1 teacher at each K & 1 grade level? that is insane. Very frustrating 2 say the least.
Dave, can you send that? tools for learning!
vita Bella
As far as I'm concerned, things could be alot worse
haters are some of the most pathetic people on this earth! Wishing death upon someone for living their dream is just stupid!!
Just a reminder - we are closed on Sunday for Easter - Happy Easter!
I hope you had a BLAST today! Thinking of you and so excited for your big day! You're going to be a gorgeous bride!! :)
Its one of the best feelings in the world to know you have friends who care about you
never seizes to amazing me
Planting some seeds that will soon sprout.
Just found a PRSA blog offering estimated reading time - "422 words, estimated 1:41 mins reading time". Clever tool for #PR news junkies.
If you don't have anything nice to say... Tweet it!
#lovegettingtold Thanks for spending your hard earned money with us with a smile and like they actually care.
Its gone spoil or the roaches will get it
U dont miss me :(
Everyones so negative and upset on twitter today! #CheerUp its the weekend! Be happy to be alive!
Ewwww menudo boiling in my house << :&
Perry Probably Has Cash Lead in Republican Presidential Field
[Todd Hippe] for ditching out on my birthday and Christmas for the past year!
who are you going to 4th street with?
you are too cool to be a piece of shit!!!
Do TNT and TBS have trouble selling premium ad time, or does their plan to pound new shows into the ground before they start really work?
ok I'll check that out.
RT : Girls with short hair<<<
I can't believe there is hardly anybody here - Michael Manring may be the best player on the planet - I just met him - he was very nice
Facebook wants you to donate your organs. Well, everything except your liver. They've seen all those pictures of you getting hammered :)
It's only the beginning of October and we're already talking about snow levels in the mountains.
dats a big false
yall are my ultimate favorite band!#GABESAPORTA I LOVE YOU!<3
lmao 1 fuck you and 2 every time I wanna party it's always sum bull Like we can't get in or it's dead or it's cancelled lol
Kudos to both team #NYR Lot of heart and hustle. a true
he had a chance to take a no jail plea...what a moron...good now this fuxker can be somebodys bitch in prison, then go back to india
has Jordan Sparks Battlefield on repeat and is retouching :-)
Green-Ellis Rushes for 14 yards, 1st down.
#ThatAnnoyingMoment when dogs don't know when to shut up
ALEX RUBEN CONSTANCIO!!! Please Follow Me!!! I've Been Trying To Get You To Follow Me Since Last Year!! :(
Well...see what happened was....
Milsap on Duncan: It's always fun to go out there and play against one of the best players ever.
Nice! How did you manage to get one?
#LOCAL GOWN# FRUITS/VEGGIES
You know us, places to be ha.
Fuck I just want to stay in bed for once !
One Direction Rocks!!! Like if you agree!!
Happy Birthday!! <3 my love for you!! You were born this way and have changed the whole world.
Prof uses real-world experience to talk about ease of disclaimer reqs
I fear that i have ingested well above my normal amount of ritalin.
$alute Cuzzo,yes it was great seeing you too.Luv ya,indeed you already know some magic is brewing.
you're a sweet girl. Easy to talk to. Don't worry.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a dance.
Walking the first batter of the inning can be an issue! Come on Mr. Reliever...do your job!
Cool Lakers 4 games in 6 days haven't check Clippers schedule thinking Tuesday or Friday. Will follow up.
Nope...Staff training starts today so we are getting semi close though
Hey - Are you going to the thing on Saturday night? Marc just told me about it...I think we're going to go.
to "expel modernism"
also great seeing diana and michael of of getting ready for their interview too!!
lol. my story is a little weirder as I seemed to open my parent's mind on the hypocrisies of the right. thank god...
GTC Golf Classic tournament event planning, script notes & budgets, ACC tourney in the background.
oh, that was you. What a pleasant surprise.
Have you done any articles on effective fundraising wash programs?
Keep walking, keep talking, u got nothing on me
Thanks! We are a new modern Burlesque dance squad! We will be performing at venues around the city!! Look out for us chica!
RT : I'm on BET! super proud of all our work!
ok, so so far I'm gathering from the digestion of metaphors that Twitter is like being on a ship full of crack addicts -interesting
48 hours, 4 hours of sleep... This has to be illegal in at least 2 countries...
Just saw the preview of what would you do with n loved it n aww how was it was it hard to be on the show in that situation?
Happy Friday. Damn did this week fly by or what.
So...did you swear at him? ": fan who yelled, "Merk, Go Blue"
Thank you very MUCH!!!
my school NEEDS new computers
Good luck to the both of you! May you both live happily ever after and furthermore <3 xoxo
oh okay brand new guy
I think the only reason were crazy beings is because we have the MAYBE option. That alone just fucks with you. That gray area. The hm.
...No ...who is Shelby! And what am I talking about! -V
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece. ~ John Ruskin
So the presentations in my conflict mngmt class made everyone cry. Topic? Forgiveness
U can say whatever bout me but I'ont really care, I got Haterz Everywhere but I'ont Really Care!
only my mother can make candy taste like perfume
Pilates, spinning, Wegmans, rock star to cats for feeding time, my feedbag, TV, g'night.
And that's not always easy to do
Omg I love you justin
feeling like crashing some birthday parties?
Are there any breakfast soups?
ATTN: Everyone get Snap Chat.
first you break down yesterday, now you're not airing the USA v. England game online for some reason. Giant bundle of
We need a real POINT GUARD the league knew it that's why they BLOCKED CHRIS PAUL TO LAKERS TRADE #conspiracyagainstlakers !!!
I don't what someone that I can just live with.... I want someone I can't live without!
Also from CMR ~ Asm. Richard Pan & CFA presser re: election beginning today thru April 27 would authorize teacher strike at all CSU campuses
Romeo and Juliet
The award for 'Person Most Capable of Holding an Interesting Conversation" goes to
RT on DVD & Blu-Ray: Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol and Shame This week, pickings are slim yet again, but at the very least, most o
Help our students and our schools. Pass the #AJA now OFA.BO/ipwXw2
Weekend of shooting. Success
5 vicious serial killers that turned out to be... Animals.
Laurie said I'm too immature and if I don't grow up it's going to erect a barrier between us. Ha ha ha, erect
Central Park Zoo <U+E528><U+E526><U+E050><U+E055>
Hot Bourbon Rooibos and a sweater :)
That's all for the interview. Check back soon for the full video to be posted online, and watch it tonight on Evening Edition!
"Skis huh?" "They yours?" "Both of them?" #Dumb&Dumber
sorry, #Dbacks! Third period of series-winning hockey beckons!
It's crazy that Gilbert Arenas is playin in a game 7 playoff game right now and Derrick Rose is at home watching lol.
Shout out to the strong, independent women out there. U r going to love my new movie...coming soon!!!
thanks in no small part to you!! Here's to more! :$
Of course I'm happy for you and your man.
Does anyone have some ideas about why IHS acquired iSuppli?
That which is irrational or absurd is not worthy of either belief or personal commitment.It is the fool who embraces irrationality.
There's a lot more to me than meets the eye.
Who wouldn’t want a chance to win a #NEW #DenverBroncos jersey??!!
forreal tho. I sold my trampoline just to see you. I need to know
Disappointed in myself. #SoloAndEnsemble <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Sadly i gtg but no one hardly talk to meh on twitter....am I that weird? Cya!! Peace out
we will be Grand Prix Body Building, fitness, figure & Bikini Championship Oct 29 @ Douglas High School Contact 918.938.26
Nah, we've buried the machete. We're cool. Of course, you never high five the guy. And I'm unbeaten in Rock, Paper, Machete.
I need u to follow these peps Get ur networking weight up
I don't know if a quick fix is what you need, more like quick appellate brief?
The ugly barnacle
you planning a protest? And it would have to be individual ins. unless it was like the Teamsters or some other org w/ members.
Oh Gosh! Mojitos go great with everything. Just discovered them recently. LOVE them. We had a real one at Friday's too. Yummy!
Wishing you all the very best. New Year wishes from
Great feedback from NAMSS conference. Our #Foxtrot software automates data entry between systems such as CACTUS and MEDITECH.
Profile is up and running. I love my new background, it really fits a simple, yet "happy" feel. :)
Wow word is Ray J was with Whitney and found her dead!!!
I take it back! We've got lots of thunder and lightning, now! Nice storm, Chicago. You know how to do it up right.
must be a DUFF
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked do u work out a lot?
Wishing everyone a positive and progressive week in their lives!
wow. $8 buckets of bud, bud light, miller light at Union Pub.
i absoultly love your videos
YOU NEVER TEXT ME ANYMORE :( WHATS UP WITH THAT????? LOL
Thought for the day: Don't like Banks? Join a Credit Union. Seriously.
thanks for supporting your team. have fun at prom.
African rhino officially declared extinct
OhMyMahone! is going on Ustream at 6pm TODAY! Totally forgot!
I dont tweet watch you do bay ^_^
Aparantly, people think Im rude... -___-
How's that hella cute baby doing?
Follow all the regatta action this weekend ->
Graduating from Youth Leadership Blount tonight. Growing up sucks, and it happens too fast.
Tune in 2nite to for Fri. Night Flava! Check my new mix that's loaded with a bunch of slammin' tracks. start your weekend off right
I don't know what Joe Kennedy Sr. did… but his poor family has been made to pay for the sins of the father all years since.
some great ideas Timothy!
completed her food and exercise diary for 10/28/2011 and was under her calorie goal
that's a dam shame lol you in Murphy class ??
m friday
calm down I'm stopping now. I'm going to go watch Justin bieber . Bye guizzz.
You deserve it after a long & full week!
I'm going for my Goddaughter first birthday
Thanks for the productivity tool recommendation!
You Dont Tweet As Much Your Alot More Busy ;\
Off to the studio to record some drums for a new tune...piano based, quasi-ballad. Think McCartney on this one.
Were you aware that Geronimo as a baby, was named Goyahkla, meaning “One Who Yawns”
Congrats Taylor Swift for getting Billboard's Women of the Year!!!! :)
cause our butts are fucking sexy. Who doesn't want to talk about them?
brill, thank you for sharing, I couldn't find it for some reason!
-Ugghh Im So Bored..!
Just joining up in a random consversation.
Good point. You'd have to calculate the ROI on it as well.
flippen the fuck out cause i just heard abc come on .
Only reason I'm watching feherty is because bill Clinton is on it
its a shame the AUB accepted to publish such an article.
"Mine eyes have seen the glory of the cumming of the Lord." -- babe receiving facial from Jesus Christ
Not a rhetorical question: RT Dilemma: what should I wear to #SexyResults?
Falling asleep to #godspeedyoublackemperor songs, specifically #sleep. Precious and #goodnight .
yeah. 1: guy passed out in the St. 2: abandoned car in an intersection 3. Watermain break 4. My bike was stolen.
wish your twitter account wasn't so safe. I would love to retweet this.
and it wont turn back on!
lmao you a whole fool.... I told you thats that alter ego, so what have you named her
keep doing ya thang bro
Dear #liquorati, is it sacrilege to build a margarita with añejo vs reposado? & made the comparison possible. Salud!
School SUCK Ass Ha ! -_-
His 1st MLB year was 1948! “: Twins losing 4-3 to the Rangers, on Jack I can not imagine what Jackie went through in 1947.”
your loss!
Checking out apt 700 block Louisa. Landlord just advised to use stove in winter if heat inadequate.
Time tracking - have you ever tracked your day? What tools do you like best? Anyone used Klok?
ok give me a second i'll let you know when i finished
Watch your Twitter acct.... virus going around...
"We need more pitchers b/c we sell Margaritas out of them on Wednesday nights and it gives u free advertising" WTF? Margaritas make me $0
i want my hair to look more natural like i dont want it too fancy like other people have it :)
Who TPs houses anymore, really?
The ultimate measure of man is not where he stands in times of comfort, but where he stands @ times of challenge & controversy. ML King Jr.
Keep up the good work, Scott!
Contest day!
Painting all day, then the Holiday Design Gala at Design World Market-see you all there!
I feel like i dont even get high anymore lol
thanks for the RT!
anesthesia wearing off.... tweets may be weirder than usual.. you were warned...
Whatcha think about the 2nd half ending? Ted & Victoria, Barney & Robin.
How's everyone's weekends been? Any good concerts? Or cool music you found?
On my way to Miami!!! :) Yay! I need this vaca! :)
POTUS: I loved your use of "Real American" at Press Dinner. Any other themes planned for DNC convention?
#Heat decided to start actually trying
haha what'd you say???
It's like Blissdom all over! :)
Carrie Underwood is the only one who should sing "Jesus Take The Wheel".
Students over 19 are allowed to play sports, but their participation disqualifies the team from playoffs, etc.
do we have an error count for Andy and Pico?
The Farmer In His Own Hell
: So, you wouldn't recommend joining the Army?
already did :)
nothing much jus the same and trying to find my happy place
it has been proven that when people read magazines they cant distinguish between editorials and advertisements. true & sad.
Thanks for that UF link Christine
Just finishing up our presentation on Evolving Your Business. See you at Event Solutions
It's a mistake in itself! I literally JUST said this hahaha RT : Charmers takes last shot. Hm
kk text me !
If everyone fucked bitches and got money we'd have so much AIDS and our economy would explode. So let's not do that.
I love it when several hopped up teenagers talk over eachother on the bus and cuts through my music delivery system. Not.
Someone get me a red velvet cake for my birthday
Did you know? 66% of the world’s work falls on women’s shoulders, yet they earn 10% of the world’s income.
Please pray for our family as we just found out that my wife's aunt passed away tonight.
A Filmmaker who is Christian: www.filmmakingchristian.blogspot.com
I'd rather lose something great, than lose myself trying to keep it.
Performing this Saturday 8-11pm in Lubbock at Rain Uptown: 5217 98th Street
Checked in 15 Minutes to spare....bye #Chi #town done for the evening... #Ciao #peace to u
Ya I laugh when I call you a slut. Its funny
Hell yeah mane
I love you
Have you ever smoked some weed that made it hard for you catch your breath...
good for you! have fun!
Hillderbrand sparks up the Spartans wit a big hit!!!
Thx for the RT. Good to see you yesterday!
#20SongsILove 1- if this was a movie by Taylor Swift; 2- 7 things by Miley cyrus; 3- the one that got away by Katy Perry.
I forgot my wallet, so I can't even change my mind at the last minute :-(
We appreciate you allowing us to be part of your oudda this world day!
what's the song called?
Thanks so much! So nice to hear. Hope you have a great weekend.
Can't wait! 9pm PST! RT : Guest judging on TONIGHT’S episode of ! -ZS
2 full weeks left. We can do this.
How do you celebrate a Texas Christmas?
1 class Wednesday's <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
#20ThingsAboutMe the song Beez In The Trap calms me down when im mad .
I hate when pandora ask if I'm still listening...no I plugged my ears..
Double OT.
The thought "Maybe I do want to live in Chicago forever" just crossed my mind and I dunno what to do with it.
ugh. at least it's not in painsville again
now ur making me cry, i learned that my friends brother has DS but i still love him and help him everyday. hes sweet & kind
Hope ur having a good day.....Lynne
had I known, I would have driven out to join you!
Spurs are #1 in the Western Conference!! GO SPURS GO!!
I totally forgot that Jesus resurrecting today was gonna mess up my travel time to the city! -_-
ctfu right here
Final Toledo Boomers 59 at Jefferson Lions 57
yeah this guy had no emotion but he hit the nail on the head
Please tell us more about your work w/ that company
reports #ChenGuangcheng phoned into a US Congressional Exec. Commission TODAY, chaired by longtime Reps Smith & Wolf
looking at American Dad.
is there a ton of ppl there?
I guess its just love done gone.
100s of wiener dogs descending upon dt #denver this morning @ #oktden. Long Dog Derby @ 10 a.m. Costume contest at noon for all dogs. Woof!
thanks gurl! Your dad is here
get it how u live it!!!
Seriously. Montreal is proving its mettle right now.
I need a fun way to celebrate Pi Day. Any ideas?
This is a great prank for Demi!
#ThingsMyMotherSays "so when are you bringing your girlfriend over?"
Are you asking about ? Cause they are awesome!
Congrats, Corey! And remember...what happens in Vegas....
Do It!!! ' Ima about too order me a crew neck ! :D'
RT Shit be wack when u miss a person that can potentially make u very happy, tho they're not good for u longterm
Number of times I got asked if I were a student when purchasing a museum ticket? One. Number of times I laughed about it? A MILLION.
i wass i just skipped 4th cuz i hatee that class :b
Fannie Mae Case: Expert Witness was dismissed from the case, walked out during deposition.
Decompress and share some of the things you've learned at #alamw12 at #LibraryCamp. This afternoon at 3:30pm, DCC - D165
Victoria Secret fashion show on the big screen now!
Hey luvthatoldman! Look under "jobs" on Twitter, but I have other ideas too. Visit tech2020.org and see what you can find!
Jets got Plax & Holmes, but how well will Sanchez play this year!
“: i'm naked, wanna see??” Yeah I do send me ur pic to
Good Luck Charlie! <3
Sigh. That is the root of my problem. I seem to keep falling into the same pattern even when I try not to...
#thinkgolditsfriday thats what i do on friday nights
My other bitch when my other bitch on sum other shit...
katherine vocelka tweeting during school? what has the world come to?!
Fuck you la
My vote is for garagesse.
Russian? LuckyJu, are you drunk tweeting again? :)
deal. although, i weaken at the site of kittens and cupcakes.
oh I definitely will.
The allergies are coming at me hard
whats wrong?!? TEXT ME?!
Smoke Break Records is Looking for dedicated Street Team Members || good way to make side doe || contact
I imagine monkey-wrangling is hard, but what about the dancers, as well as the landscape?
henry's dancing on LBJ legacy: First vol. of Caro opus makes perfect foot stoll for my son's bouncer. book too heavy for actual reading
NWS has issued a Flash Flood Warning for Clarke, Escambia, Mobile, Monroe & Washington Counties until 09:45 PM
Let Go And Let God Work
Stop being so pretty!!!!
beat the heat with Frankie's SANGRIA. kick ass red or cool summer white.
Don't lose the girl that loves you ...chasing after the girls that will only like you
Improve processes, eliminate work you don't need to do, divide work differently, etc
don't play What u doing
Stop by Kleven Contemporary in 2012...at least once so you can say you've been here...
I like those the most!!
I want to go on a #cruise because cruising is the best kind of vacation there is!
How you get so many followers? Lol
New iPad announced today and I just got my iPad 2 for Christmas. I don't think a high-def camera is enough to make me buy the new one...
how Much?
me? Who is going to the first one?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: If you're common law married and then split up, you must have a formal divorce before you're single again.
ohmygosh, I can't wait for #SaySomethin to be up on iTunes. It's an amazing song your voice is perfect.<3
The Truth..
What do you want to achieve in 2012?
Grass could always be made red. If you really wanted it.
I am against states that start with a letter "k".
TMI? ;) RT My bed is the most amazing place ever right now.
In school tweeting
what IS SMS text messaging? I don't text... what's SMS?
A tipping point, no. For example, I'm not about to start worrying again about a renascent Iraqi nuclear program....
Great meeting you at #ChennaiGIP today. I'll setup the live coding session once I get the technicalities word out. Cheers.
With all the tools and information I have at my finger tips I'm amazed I don't utilize them more...for my own benefit
is playing in Chicago. I'm stuck in the airport flying out of Chicago. My heart hurts in so many ways right now.
mahomies are better(;
#iusedtothink i had secret powers i just didn't know how to use them lol
U kno who gind find u! Sum old man fishin!!b.
I know lol
ryan and i are kind of sick he stayed home so from school so i'm taking him to the doc, my legs are TRASHED maybe i'll run wed?
BUMMER-look in the fridge my chocolates not there
Yes, Avengers was that good. Also: two bonus scenes! 1 during credits, one ALL the way at the end. Don't miss it!
Did you see that EPIC Rockies come back?? Oh wait they are done #FU*K the Monfords...
Day 57 of 100: I am thankful for a day off with movies
lol @ grammatical errors!
Thanks, Owen. Appreciate the kind words.
he is doing twelve ounce curls!.....my favorite workout.....
Correction: RIM - Jim Balsillie retires. BlackBerry was fashionable once upon a time, but it fell off quick.
John Travolta Gay. R we really suprised?
I suggest you cover a One Direction song.
Norwalk, CT: We are looking for an Assistant Market Research Associate. DM if interested, for more info, or w/ a referral
Oh! I am smiling<U+E056><U+E056>! If only I could tell you what all went on over here last night! But I don't kiss and tell! Here's to life :)
Its cool to know we live in an age where superheroes are being arrested
"And all I've loved, I've loved alone." - Edgar Allen Poe
Less than 24 hours until the curtain rises! #FarragutNorth tomorrow night in the regional premier!
Good Morning #Baltimore! Todays word of the day is maligned. The worlds most maligned individual today is tomorrows hero. Stay Dry bmore.
is baking Christmas cookies and listening to Journey while the rest of the family is at Brett's game. Hope the Lions win!!
I saw you on Fox and Friends this morning, watched your videos and ordered your book. Where have you been all my life? :-)
"Jesus" Just walked by the Machinima offices...
RT : Want to suggest a topic for a future #hcsm chat? Just DM or (without the hashtag). See you tonight @ 8pm CT!
yes. They do. They give you wings
Back home from Montreal safe & sound--coming home to big snow predictions in Seattle.
"By trying we can easily endure adversity. Another man's, I mean." - Mark Twain
I feel like I'm being a bad UK fan when I enjoy that movie. RT Glory Road is one of the best basketball movies ever...
r.i.p #stevejobs. thank you for changing the world. <U+2665>
Thanks, that sucks though... RT : He passed out on the field. Think he got hit in the arm.
That Field Goal should just about ice this game for the #Steelers, err,
I got my baby back! <3
Anyone seen any of the "Avengers" around town? Word is no RDJr. but do we have ScarJo or Capt America Chris Evans?
Im headed from Stapleton to Lakeside. Gonna be assisting my ass off. Gottq love school.
"Do not follow where the path may lead. Go where there is no path...and leave a trail."
Happy Spring to all!!! What a beautiful day! :)
Today could be one of the biggest days in video game history as the Supreme Court rules whether video games are considered protected speech.
Texting my sis in law we going to thug this summer
that - pretty lady - just made My DAY! Love u very much!!!
Google "Executive orders by President" & the National Defense Resources Preparedness (Peacetime Martial Law) shows up. NOT SO MUCH!
no way! What did you guys say? Thanks for the follow!
Get a chance to work w/ and his staff at our True 2 the Game Elite Camp. June 30-July 1, 2012. Gr. 5-8. $175....
Sean Penn! RT : What future Oscar winner starred in The Beaver Trilogy?
I've got the evidence
sounds delicious!
New #IDSA video on medical device markets & design: www.plasticsnews.com/video.
fuck you niggah. Mac miller is the shit an you ain't nothing.
“: My next video is going to be another video but different from all the others i've done :)” u rok
Great, great energizing time at #sxswedu. Taking home pages of notes and new energy for all the things that does!
retweeting is also a great way to show you are engaged!
yes it is working right now
Ready to help 9 people make 5 figures a month within a year's time in the US and Canada. Call me now if you're serious 1-646-397-9817
Obama acting like he give a fuck about black people again,must be re-election time
fantastic talk, a very clear vision and challenge
Listen to live in 3 mins.
Happy Halloween! Remember, you can't spell BOOZE without BOO. Come to think of it, the same principal applies to boobs.
you're welcome, but you'll be disappointed. Even the dishes are done.
A visionary company does not merely balance between idealism and profitability: it seeks to be highly idealistic and highly lucrative.
Well, looks like spring came back for a few days...
Danny is our hatchet man .... Or so says my my wife
Redskins are gonna love #rg3. Redskins are diehard fans.
Frying the prime rib tonight, genius!!
Man get Mimi's peace keeping ass outta here.
hm...gummi worms and Big Red for sure ;)
I don't see why I gotta compete with niggas like y'all . I just ask that you speak up when you see me that's all <3 GM <3
hahaha we get the exact same punishment XD
#NEVER take anything for granted!
Craving some Colton's rolls. Bring me some <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Hi, my names Cheyenne I like fast cars and green eyes <3
It's kinda creepy I tweet that I'm headed to Disney Land and random people from Cali started to follow me... O_o
I know a guy going to see Van Halen tonight. Those guys arent young anymore. Even worse- Kool & The Gang is opening for them! Ha!
You can do it! Chop its balls off!
it's never too much
favorite? Well damn I hope they only have 1 lol
U will never catch me sulking, I get shit done fam.
yey it was nothing :) for my #TVDFamily I do whatever. xo
it's open-ended so we can fill in the blank w/ all sorts of vile activities. Public school kids aren't to be trusted
yea but with a hair line like johns
you're fun
Parents could be annoying and if there not there strike like really ??? What would we do without them??
new to twitter. you are pretty
Dude, please do it. That would be the best thing ever!
A win is a win! Way to go
Action is the real measure of intelligence. Napoleon Hill
Happy Mother's Day!!!
It might not be a game but family is quite entertained by whatever NFL holiday special is on now.
Yay for me! Im Twittering! lol
chris can u follow me please
@ Joss Live (aka This American Life)
Can you guys go to bed? Why is everyone awake? GO TO BED!
A big hello & thanks to my newest tweeps! x
Finally some decent weather here in DC. I'd rather have 80's and rain, than sun and 105!
Long day of work before the
Silence is the ultimate weapon of power. ~ Charles de Gaulle
Grammy's are on February 12th. Jazz is announced in the early afternoon. If there's crazy news- you'll hear me holler back in NYC.
Brock Trotter has 3 points (1g, 2a) and is +2 in plus/minus through three games with the St. John's IceCaps.
The hell did I just type out...
yayyy,Congratulations!! I kno ur excited. What are you guys expecting?
Sweet Sixteen time! Great games in the mix.
lol I concur
no I'm myself and have no correlation with him haha
Thanks Kim. Awesome suggestion.
I need an assistant
#Never will notice me
Track practice on a Monday. Early in the morning. On spring break. Is NO FUN!!!
"My deepest condolences to Robert Horry & family on the loss of their daughter. RIP Ashlyn Horry.
Are you worried about financing your holiday business? Consider factoring your accounts receivable for working capital.
My mom threatened to stab me with a fork at dinner. oh. XD
Can we get some sort of celebration for Ibi? I need to cry some more
Agreed, but most "anon" papers are findable by web search, and what ed would really reject a big name? Anonymity is just gatekeeping
If I get a refund this year, I'ma cut twelve flips in a row AND do a split! LOL
my fav=used to be!! But burn is def top 5!
cause my mommy told me aint have to go if ian want to .
What if I would open myself up to being everything I have decided it is not possible to be? My point of view creates my reality.
ESPN MLB - OF Pat Burrell will officially retire as member of Phillies in May; 4th in team history with 251 HRs
Just curious..how many of my friends are on pintrest?
Learning to make Pate de fruit! Look out!
the pic rendered me speechless ;-)
very timely discussion will hope with upcoming client presentation
DM me please
Seattle is great! Timeca is great! We're all great! Good to hear from you, sounds like you are keeping way busy.
Awh, I miss you too Bestfriend. “ “: Like Me?? Lol “ I miss alot of my follower #RT”” Yea”
Followed! And Thanks!! :)
And to my Hollie and Sam.... Kinda thank you to Hayden and Mariah for being lesbians.....
Thank you Gale - look forward to getting your tweets!
Good morning #Chicago!
Omfg has me hooked on blackberry
lol I have way more followers than what I'm following
painted a kitty easter egg today!
Today is 19 months CANCER FREE. Suck my big one cancer Wayne 1 Cancer 0 WAYNE-ING.
I don't get the point of twitter
U have to act dumb to lying niggas....smh
Absolutely, we'll let you know when we do
Yea She Can Get It! Ha
hahah no it can't!
Yeah i think your domain expired, it says that on my laptop! D:
updating client company store for better performance and reliability. Thanks for your patience Kathlene!
up cant wat the bloody frog?so a nigga eatting cearl...how every you spell it
Having izon app trouble...it stays frozen even after logging in and out! no response from support...any live number I can call?
dance fucker dance. like you've never had a chance
Please join us March 10th expo with full band lets go!
Zumba. Columbia College. Stage 2. Now.
That's okay. ChaCha still loves you and we'll always take you back. *Prank your idiot friends! Get
I always wanna call into radio stations and be that 9th caller but I can't ever remember the number when they give it
Hello NYC! Finally here , Laherte Freres Brut in the glass, crispy pig ears on the way. Life is good...
Did you know... On March 15, 2012, City Council passed a new ordinance installing safeguards against predatory tax preparers!
So maybe I'm watching my favorite New Girl episode for the 10th time. And maybe I poured vodka into my lemonade.
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 28
Family Travel Bookings Soar, More booking vacation rentals as alternative to hotels. If you own a vacation rental are you listed on...
Hey Chris, great to meet you at SXSW. Hope you've recovered.
Sent my boyfriend a cute LONG text why havent i got anything back I think i scared him off hmm oh well
im tired...goodnight twitter(:
Like a sideways 8 ill always love you<3
your welcome
no i made that up myself
I have an adorable outfit for tomorrow.... but I cant wear it because of this damn weather!!!! #really #59°
First Penn State now Syracuse? Every AD in the country is holding their breath that their school isn't next
im a nice person but if you get in my face i will knock you out i stand up for myself...watch out!
She #TeamThunder I'll call her during the game :)
thank you Eddie, that's good advice. I think ill try some of those!
That's the stuff!
kudos to (I think it was ) for giving God thx for the weather in Indianapolis! Way to go!
That moment when you turn and catch someone staring at you, normally people turn when you catch them, but no this person keeps staring.
go to Atrisco Bean.
Lmao no I love my Broncos but you know we have no chance lol ": trader!!!!"
If there was a documentary about Morgan Freeman, who would narrate it?
I'm finally on twitter!!! YAY!
Two light weights one four loko
Yeah sweetie,
at the beauty shop
The people around me seem to be my main motivation...
Suck it cuz you suck balls
Landmark Society to develop African-American landmarks 'task list' to identify properties potentially overlooked
U may not be a TV celebrity but if you're famous 2 everyone else you know, then look the part w/ a real hairline on a lace wig! 855-DRWIGGY
haha i know. i got it handled lol its okay.
Certain HTML5 microdata gets you Google rich snippets.
Waking up from partying sunday. I hate Mondays.
follow me?
If A. Brown can nail down the WR3 spot for PIT he may be #FantasyFootball relevant
Enjoy our Happy Hour before the BCS Championship Game and get your Drink Specials Extedned throughout the entire night! See you then!
going to the gym in 4 minutes, i hope to see you soon.
Watchin baby boy with my sis and cousin
I have to remember to tweet more from my phone since I can't do it at work anymore
I love Cleveland Heights, lived here a majority of my life. Bossa Nova wafting through my window.
Push/Pull Hardware System suits healthcare environments.
So when is the brewery officially open to the public for good? btw congrats!
I don't follow the #nfldraft often (joke) but when I do I follow these guys
I feel like I'm always doing shit for people but when it comes time for them to help me it's out of the question
i want to switch schools so bad..
Another pathway, prototyping and scaling new models of learning.
What's better than the ability to go to a grocery store at 1am?
It's nice to be back in NYC after a string of gigs in Europe. Thanks to all the great cats who played with me and to everyone listening!
Do we need to mail in keys to Fox so they will save ?
Facebook Tip: Use Milestones on your timeline to educate abt important dates (legislative milestones, past event dates, etc)
Coffee completes me. Ahh m.
Me too! I can sleep all day, though...
As Pirates fans from across the world go NO!
awesome! can you post a link?
Talking 2 sum1 who is out of breath is exhausting <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
I'll bite. Use in a sentence. RT "Horse trading" is my new favorite thing to say.
Got my 12th tattoo tonight...now to hide it from my mom!!!
there pay roll is loaded think they wuld be gunning for spot for playoffs!!
lolol RT : Madrid is over! We're free! We're free!
-__- Don't Stale Face Me Smuddd!
I'm back in #Nashville through next week to engage in what I hope is the very last battle in my fight for innocence.
glad you could join us!
i hate them today
Checking out the madness at the New York International Gift Fair. Pier 92 first, Javits center later...
This is my last weekend of freedom!
& "knuckleheads" “: . Translation: Bealefeld's exhausted”
o. What do you think?
#NF because of
one day at a time...
#marchmadness Vandy's Brad Tinsley (Oregon City) scores 10pts in last game. How his parents saw EVERY Vandy game for 4yrs.KOIN at 7pm
They got eyes for you! o we o
Its 5:36 where I live! merry Christmas peoples! :)
what you watching ??xx
don't do it!! If you really want to just stay off Twitter for a few days
I have so much blood in my brain right now from standing upside down. I can't feel my legs, or hands.....
I'M SORRY BUT THAT WAS THE BEST WAY EVER TO ANNOUNCE WHAT TEAM YOUR SIGNING WITH.
Been to Knoxville for #soslam, then to Boston for 15 year high school reunion and now on my way home to DC!
Heavy D passed away today????
K girl (who said she's not really in the K) said the poor are bottom feeders while the rich deserve subsidies. How sick is that?
ALREADY GOING!! Follow for me?!?! -MB
Barely but I was being sarcastic.
A hug a day keeps the demons at bay. - German Proverb
Thanks! I have the book, but I saw only one page on tabbing that mentions columns. Haven't read it all yet tho.
I was very close to rent "Downtown Abbey" but decided on Dr. Who... I'm on season 3 with David Tennant. My tattoo is great
Oh yay my mom just comes home what the fuck
smartphone... in T minus 2 days... more twittering to come. i promise
I think its very ironic how people I haven't talked to in months want to "hang out" all of a sudden...suspicions.
Any DC social media types want to join me at event on Thurs? My journo friend launches SocialMedia4SocialGood series.
no doubt, but whoever land's Peyton Manning can expect a bunch of former Colt fans to come with him
Good luck! Let us know if you have any questions!
I keep my dog on my laps... She's so cute... <U+2665>
Thank you Lindenwood baseball team for coming into my work 5 minutes before we closed. It was a pleasure serving all 50 of you.
So it sounds like the #AustinBeerFest is an unmitigated disaster of pour planning and overpriced beer. Good thing I didn't go.
Man I hope I don't fuck this up..
Watching my mom get drunk by herself off of wine>>>
It should not have cost THAT much.
It's my birthday!!! RT Happy birthday Aquarians TeamJanuary28
RE: Tchr partnerships w families and comm- Shouldn't it be the other way around? It was so in my daughter's school. Called: PTA
Hispanic, what generation, country of origin, language preference? Diverse in itself. #admerica!
follow me first
Thanks for the RTs today ! You. Are. Awesome.
I keep getting paranoid Illustrator is going to crash...so I'm hitting Apple+S a lot...and I'm sketching...on paper
I'm sure Power Rangers will live on FOREVER
Pitino speak RT Rick Pitino - This is thehappiest I've been in my entire career.
What are examples in your life that show art as engineering?
Hail! RT : Congrats welcome to DC!
WHT?!? Did Sammy tell Hanna to 'tone up'? No he didnt...
We finally found real pita bread in #DFW! Sara's Bakery, 750 S. Sherman in
rooting for you!
Currently, one in four rural students fails to graduate from high school, and the rate is even lower for minority youth
Got a major headache does anyone know of. Any home remedies??
trying to memorize Romeo and Juliet , damn -.-
That was pretty good. But not as great as LBJ jumping over a dude ... you got skills but to smack him?
It was great meeting you today!
Quicker the better ..
I wonder if would do anything to get me some phones that work on LTE. 4g is a joke in Phoenix. I want LTE. Wife wants an iPhone.
"It's 5 o'clock Somewhere" and you're stuck in traffic with me.
a drawing for a slobber snaks hat & t-shirt..will you be a winner?
Columbus Short looks very handsome on #scandal!
Hi , play me some Elvis Costello!
- Good luck
cant want to hear! message me!
Thanks man. It's greatly needed.
When two people are meant for each other, no time is too long , no distance is too far, and no one can ever tear them apart.
Good for you! Inspiring.
For exercise lasting less than 1 hr water is sufficient its only after 1 hr do you need to start replacing carbohydrates
diner with the family, laker game :D wbu?? <3
Congrats to all of my friends at home that are graduating today! You did it!!
I'm pretty sure they'll bee in love with each other forever
getting ready to move next destination. This is going to be one of those days. I cant believe I dont have a pen w/me. I am not on point
How am I going to live today in order to create the tomorrow I'm committed to?
we have a lot of Pinot grigio that he made for my work summer party. It's good but the red beer is my personal favorite.
hahaahahahahahah we are the biggest losers in the entire world <3
suggest Laurel Pet Hospital or Dr. Kumar in hwood. TLC docs are incompetent.
love the optimism lol
Happy Easter to all that celebrate today around the world!
#wiunion MT GOP throws $$ at candidates like pay for sex | #Barrett4WI uses $$ w frugality & smarts. Who do YOU trust w Economy?
It's an instinct, which makes it rather elusive
That works.
Instead of sitting around watching Superbowl commercials, check us out on Facebook and listen to our tunes on
Thanks for RT of article. Following you, feel free to follow back
OMG! my body and neck is hurting from the Kesha Music Video shoot, danced a little to hard.
Delight was all mine! Thanks for the shout out Lauren.
Come on people follow (: please
Sitting, thinking, waiting.
cher lloyd is so cute aw
the unedited version of me -->
Trad fare. Settled fir au Bon pan.
But the biggest surprise was the orchestra.
Props to parents who put together toys for their kids for Christmas...a gift for my niece & nephew just about killed me.
Thank you for the Retweets.
freshly brewed espresso. laptop. my fave pjs. time to work!
I just played the first mission once. It's my do-while-waiting-for-coffee-to-kick-in thing.
Ugh boys.
Ahah, go ahead and take my spot. It's like a dinner with him. I just have multiple AP tests to study for and there are people
I love my family, my N/A family, my friends, the internet, and my cats. Yeah, that's about it.
You turned your back on tomorrow, 'cause you forgot yesterday
When production turns off the rain machine.
its a contest to get FarmVille cash
good morning .your birthday n two days . We going have to link up . Mwah have a blesses dat
And you can buy the 's EP on iTunes!
1 F.... Im gonna have a heart attack! he better update his grades ASAP!
Hopefully these officials don't fuck around.
Don't worry, folks. All those Rotten Tomatoes commenters complaining about that Avengers review will be treated well at Regal Cinemas.
If you followed me thank you :) i will Follow back the next time i get on my computer if you have a youtube please subscibe
See you there.
right, i understand downtown is a mess right now. probably not 's fault, but it still sucks.
Thanks for the RTs. See you at the #sdmediaPR party 3/1.
Never taking an 8am class again. #collegestudentproblems <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
lol. I know you do.
Has the tea party become a GOP liability? - Washington Post
Can't make it! Thats whats pissing me off.
http:// mnlearningcommons.org MN learning commons--improve quality with shared resources
Who had a blast Streaking?! Feel free to tweet photos or videos from the Streak!
ICE, ICE BABY!
loll what else?(:
That's the "fru-fru" Connecticut Muffin... The "working Joe" CM is on Myrtle and Clinton...lol
so tired
What if and meet? Will the space time continuum explode?!?
We are looking for volunteers and entertainment for our course. Sign up at monumentalmarathon.com
hahaha, it's all out of love, ask my brother and mom LOVE her accent :P
I KNOW BUT I LOVE HIM TOO. its alright ill just go marry cenzo.
Good morning Tweeters!!!! Have a #BLESSED day!! :D
Happy birthday Geraldine Ferraro! Born in 1935, she became 1st female Vice Presdential candidate on a major party ticket.
Thanks for being a ray of sunshine. You made me feel infinitely better last night!
Whenever u practice or perform a composition, celebrate its unique message. Feel the excitement of listening 2 the music for the first time.
The service in this school sucks
Reality bites
i had a revelation about the world i live in, the goverment and its people think they have owner ship,
Just prepared and cooked a chilli (with lots of fresh chillis!)for tonight's xmas get together and then put my contact lenses in - #OUCH!!
Its almost unreal how annoying one person can be.
what about something less witty/stupid and more tough/angry? or i'm sure there is a perfect combination of the 4
i've been trying to get to the Tut exhibit since it got here! ugh. i'm definitely going this week too...
Happy Birthday to !!! Hope you have a great one Sandy!!
good monday morning! retweet if you took advantage of our buy 3 t-shirts or tanks, get 2 free this weekend at #platoscloset!
All I got 2 say is word...
Roly-poly most def RT : I'm having a very important fight and I need twitter to weigh in..."Roly-Poly" or "doodle-bug"?
~ Reds got damaged goods from the Phillies. Madson is a fraud!
Am I the only one that dare thinks that kanye west and kim kardashian make a good couple?
Tehehe Randon Flashback: Me: "just left the therapist" Tyler: "what rapist?"
Not good. Papelbon gives up single to right to Upton. Now facing Longoria who has two hits including a homerun and two RBI.
hey now, I resemble that remark!
you know, you don't even sound like they do.... I mean metal is metal but you can't really compare the two bands.
Bears brother. TiVo the other show.
Whatever we think about and thank about, we bring about. - John Demartini
sexism aside, it was fanboy softcore. Uh, ok cool you just found out about a great scientist...
Save the date April 25th I will be opening up for Carl LaBove, doing his one man show at the Brokerage Comedy Club!
Junior seems to lose his enthusiasm after 1st rounds.
Frank Ocean's Lony Breaux Collection is to long..holy shit.
Biggest winners of the #WinterMeetings are the NL Central teams who no longer have to face Pujols in the division!
I saw a guy get hit by a car, the Gophers lose, and a belly shirt at the Vegas. Good times?!
Bored!! whats good!
what up homes?? When u touchdown in Milwaukee hit me bro
hey! some of us are merely strategists who work WITH new media
lol u make me smile when I don't feel like it :D
your life was seeking the law. i'm glad we were able to share it with you. :-)
sweet. just got a CR-48!
Steve Weber given 2011 EDC Herb Klein Civic Leadership award. Well deserved, Dr. Weber. Go Aztecs. Fight. Fight. Fight!
in 1 month using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
check out our buddies from Everyone Dies In Utah, , they just signed with at www.myspace.com/everyonediesinutah
At the radio station for now and then back in the studio tonight!
“: Just a few mins away from #HuntersTop3 - what songs do you want? Use the hashtag...” #graffiti 6 Free!!
God is blessing me everyday I'm growing closer to him & I'm so excited about all he's doing in my own life & the lives of those around me :)
- it was great meeting you guys and kicking off the new year!
Why should I comment on the Briere topic when there is a perfectly good dead horse over there that still needs beating
Head on down to #DCenter @ 218 W. Saratoga & join us for performances by young women as part of the 7th Annual Wide Angle Youth Media Fest.
Don't sweat the small stuff. And remember: Everything is small stuff. ~ Funny inspirational saying ~
How big my boobs are. Its
#Dayton, OH followers can #text RMHC to 90210 for #charity events & info alerts from Ronald McDonald House Charities. #Mobile is the future!
tell her thanks! I'll only drink enough to be a litte drunk and i'll do a shot for her
SHOOTING last night at Circus Bar in Daytona. There were no injuries and one person was arrested.
You can go through North Carolina, but only if you drive straight.
I give it 20 minutes before "Drunk Girl" spills her drink on me.
Oh Swamplandia! You were so close!
Making a new twitter (:
Over it .
Has anyone had eyelash extensions before? Were they totally awesome like they sound? Or a waste of money?
Local BID sponsored a 5K each Fri afternoon in April. Didn't get to participate but am reaping the side benefit of an empty gym.
Wow what an inspiring young man!!
YOu got that right, dude! it's been AWFUL this evening, though this segment was really nice
SO SALTY! I COULDA' WORKED TODAY WITH damn!
Also, try re: looking for writers for
Context free: "I'll bet Lindsay would do it if you gave her five bucks."
Anytime bro.
#thekinks all day
When dreams make you miss people
G-"Me too! And orange. We would be happy with PB cup necklaces, but messy. My dogs would try to eat them."
Praying for you, Mandi.
lol!!! It just says " to my Arab friends, good morning "
i love you too :))
#Imhopingthat I'm not destined to be a failure and that all my hard work will lead to success in the future.
I think im going to start putting my pants on both legs at the same time
this one guy you don't know
#ImThatPersonWho You're gonna love or hate not too much in between
:) You know it. What was that about cupcakes? ...Pinkberry?
So appropriate. Is this ? RT #FF See Baseball's Best Fans take it in stride:
wide awake & I need to be sleeping! Nothing like buying a house before Christmas and then trying to get it done on time
“: #mlanet12 Reserved my room at the Sheraton!” I reserved mine today and need to do my travel request too.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning why the HELL am I doing this? Lol
we all need to hang out sometime to! :')
Ah yes, just downloaded "The Hangover", packing my bags and headed off to Vegas in the morning. It's gonna be a great week at
you don't have girl problems...lol
I used to be addicted to your touch. Now I'm addicted to watching you walk away...
me for sure!!
This sunshine is fucking money.
Westbrook is unguardable when hitting from outside like this
that is the cutest ever!
watching Never Say Nver Directors Fan Cut on netflix. thats whats up!
Cash flow! RT to - Remember the eternal words of : "You can't eat a $%^&ing hug."
I loved it but then again I love all movies. Hopefully you will enjoy it as much as we did. How about some new music, soon?
Have fun! Gotta take mine in for that good ol Service A next week. RT : Think I'm going to take my car in for maintenance...
FINALLY back in San Antonio tomorrow for white Christmas party! Wooohoooo!
Details Coming Soon for the New Years Event, Stay Tuned.
I'm going to miss you bro, I wish you the best
Hey Kid... bien benido to twitter. =O)
No school because of the wildfires so probly no practice and probably no game
Let's hope this summer is gonna be amazing because this is my last teen hoot.
I think this is the first time I've ever seen a Prius at the gas station!
National council of la raza speaking at
Turned me off, also. I was bar mitzvahed, Jewish fraternity in college. Whole 9yds. Now? Turned off after my Dad died in 1989.
There's no use defending words you'll never say
We had 2 inches of rain yesterday which could have been 20 inches if snow! Celebrate our good fortune with a trip to Fujiyama. Yeah!
THURSDAY! & we have to get it done or were failures at life.
yesterday you did that
okay guys....I really need to do my paper. Give me some motivation....NOW! :)
No need. Plenty of people there to slow your velocity. Just try to avoid little kids.
Excited for the start of #techatstate on data visualization.
Nice man!
Believe in progress: not left or right
Guys, if you vocalize your opinion on how hot a girl is and are attracted to another girl(s) you arent happy with what you have.
And its not because I don't want a plan or haven't tried, it's just not within my grasp.
Police: Man who shot and killed himself id'd as 44-year-old John Wimberly Smith.
dm'ed back…again
Baltimore City can help to close the state budget gap by implementing truck prohibitions downtown. Trucks drive downtown to avoid 95 tolls.
whats good Johnny I know u through j hustle
vielen dank ... Thanks for the follow back dude!!
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loosing any of your mindset winnings.
nice stategerie...think I may try the same tonight.
it's going pretty good can't wait for summer vacation seems so far away lol! But it's really not!
Kimbra has such a nice voice
For me? There are no other ones - but it'll be interesting to see what other say. Flickr has come up a few times.
You online? Make #huggle TREND!!!
Living in SF I see a blurred line between hipster and hippie. Not the kind of hippie my mom was though. The bad kind.
Those who hate me; wake me up. Those who love me; power me up.
its a DONE DEAL
Beer Can Raft has an attractive young cast and batman for a stage manager.
Haha yeah, he tried to pet it and it bit His hand. It's all swollen and gross looking. He'll be fine though. (:
"The best place to hide a dead body is page 2 of Google search results."
Anytime, best friend! Always here for you and Nanda! <333
Find me on !! Search MelissaReidFox8! <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I see all these tweets about the the bamboozle and I wanna fucking go!
I'm back now. Had to drop some money at the mechanic.
Tamara Ward, Colorado Concern - counts over 100 CEOs across the state in its membership. Testifying in support of HB1238 now
is it wrong that the fact that that isn't right upsets me?
The façade looks nice, but the foundation is rotten.
RT : Just listened to my shout out on is so ending up dead and violated on train tracks. (order of...
Fully-Inked Shirt #GIVEAWAY coming soon!!....Who wants one?
Attention distinguished guests! The #NOSCA Natl Advocacy Awards luncheon starts...right now.
where do you find out ?
I couldn't see ur last tweet so I thought u stopped talkin 2 me
Follow my otha twitter---->>
Back To The Home,AARGHH:///
No not seriously... LOL
bad decisions make really great stories!
are u still signing artists?
it's not as simple as just snapping your fingers and pulling one and dones. Those kids must have a reason to play for u.
I love going to a conference in wet clothes after sitting on wet tram seat to go to wet monorail. =epicfail.
sweet! Hope u get good weather and waves!
I had the same thought!
gt da stealths bra they just came out
It was fun when I was there!
My thoughts are with the families of the American and Afghani forces lost today.
In Spanish class. Bored.
Awww. Hope you can at least cross train.
Attention all of Comic Vine: my secret project will be revealed tommorow! the wait is over!
What type of talent are you working with?
Anson, if you love me, you'll help me with algebra 2. Lol
I aint Jealous I Just Know When Shit Aint Right
I think dr p and axe ads still work for certain markets and genders. They are not for everyone, but you can't say they don't work
lol oh yea my bday party in july just giving u a heads up now
Damn I'm hungry... I can't wait til Thursday!
Every women deserves a man who looks at her every day like it's the first time he saw her.
alright ! i can't wait
Jennifer Hudson just did me in. Amazing tribute.
You never asked, I guess.
I'm only getting older, somebody shoulda told em....
Love the pic!!
I thought you would have to like run ALOTTT. bahahha i'll do it nextt year((;
That was lame haha oh well
I won't miss a second.
What's the opposite of chick?
FREE BIRD
My mind be all over the place smh
Steve, 1. Get back in the kitchen and make me a sandwich 2. Follow!
RT : (Secret #89) Everything should be made as simple as possible but not simpler. - Einstein
Social injustice RT : Low-income citizens can reach only 35 percent of jobs in major metro areas by transit in 90 min...
I mean to tell you that it is you who aresuffering from the emasculating ravages of that same microbe
A source tells ny1 that the black and puerto rican caucus is threatening to vote as a block against senate and assembly lines
Time for some #RetailTherapy :) who's comin with me?????
Vito Russo to Arnie Kantrowitz, 1977: "California is contagious but I haven't caught it. At least not yet. I miss the dirty streets of N.Y."
Let's go Tiger. Hope he brings home a 5th Green Jacket
I wonder what my friends are up to this weekend?
haha I never had sex but it look like it feels good.
I'm a Pats fan ,and a huge Kurt Warner fan. Cheating is wrong, wrong .They got punished and served there time, so to speak.
don't give him your email address!
Chick Fil A puts me in a happy place.
Like being able to vote, or are you naturalized?
So u had no problem with the $1 Bil a month in Afghanistan? The $2.5 TRILLION+ spent on healthcare yearly? Dont spend? Got it!
Curses on the Medieval Academy's 250-word limit on paper abstracts!
Having a Lost Coast Tangerine Wheat at the Lobster Trap, Avalon Harbor on Catalina Island.
lmao keeping it real
Just had my last McDonald's meal before I start with my personal trainer tomorrow at the gym
#thatawkwardmoment when you have sand in your vagina...
Or ya know I could just sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Maybe thought he was supposed to vote for CA
- at our second youth in government convention right now. 370 students in town for next 3 days. So, doing my real job. :)
whatever. he can be a dick all he wants haha!
Y'all really should just follow so we don't have to constantly retweet everything she sends out
i'm ready for my close up ms. mazzurco
shoutout to for embarking on a huge step forward in his career. God Bless
Are any of them playing a magic flute with all of the rats following them? I hope they #reddup the park before they left.
wearing a blue face mask... i feel like an avatar
": thats hard" hell yea...my shit
We are finally getting settled in to our new office location. 814 Tyvola Rd., Ste. 115. Now if we can get AT&T to cooperate!!
white shark?
the scotch last night before dinner seemed like a good then, today not so much!
Another edition of "Down on the #RedSox Farm" coming tomorrow morning, including #PawSox streaks, Brentz, Bradley and a #Drive no-no.
just admitted on the radio to laying in bed last night thinking of Michael Saunders.
I'm so tempted to drive home on my lunch break so I can have it for the rest of the day!
On the bus for our fieldtrip(:
WOW, i needed to hear that
this morning
just found the perfect mix on 8tracks omg <U+25D5><U+203F><U+25D5>
“: "People ignore design that ignores people." — Frank Chimero” impersonal design rustles my jimmies more than about anything!
Who else is excited for the True Blood premier next week?
I'm still on an emotional thrill ride since seeing Kittie, Blackgaurd, and Bonded By Blood yesterday! Gah! Why can't shows last forever?!
no, jjp the svp and amazing producer..
Justice need to be served for wat happen to trayvon Martin. R.i.p young soldier
so how did you do? Jules and the kids have fun in the sun?
Set starts at 10 Family house
“: you have the funniest tweets sometimes #hannahforpresident” yes....That would not be good for the economy tho
I wish I was there :'c, those people are SO lucky <3
There is going to be some pain over at the UT.
yeah I did lol.
PRAY THAT YOUR 2012 TESTIMONY IS TRUE (Jn 8:14) Know where you came from, and be "CRYSTAL CLEAR" about where you are going amen. #Sir Court
Good half keep
Partying hard in Downtown Orlando. ALLSTAR WEEKEND IS PHENOMENAL :)
RT if you won't remember shit by noon
Thanks for the RT!
Stuck in traffic on the LIE ..... It's 9:36pm!! I need my daily dose of Starbucks tea now!
zombies do exist...
New Physician Joins Valley Pain Consultants
it literally happens to me all the time.....
For someone like me, who barely knows how to boil water (lol), would you say your new book has *easy* recipes?
they say that love is forever, your forever is all that i need
well I prefer to drive maximize the amount of fun
Thanks for adding me so quickly. Dbag....
nada. We're good
I donno , it looks interesting :o
I'm jamming to this as we speak RT : Wine for me slow
Haha incredibly sorry for all the gilmore girl RT's. Hopefully at least a handful of you understand...
and i don't wanna pay the cause but it be best if you'd get lost cuz we know you'll never change.
Frat shorts are coming back in full force
told me to remind y'all that #Sherlock series 2 is premiering this Sunday night on
Thanks to everyone that made it out to our 1st Annual SXSWi Pig Roast! That was definitely fun in the sun, with great eats and people.
Hey I ate some bomb ass vegetables for breakfast today hehehehehehe what a wonderful friday
Thanks to Hamilton, I've really climbed up the standings. Trying to decide if I should trade Pujols.
You might be a redneck if: Taking your wife on a cruise means circling the Dairy Queen.
I'm always on my best behavior ;)
We have 80+ new members on our Linkedin Group. Come join us on "Commercial Aquaponics." We have growers, engineers, and scientists, all
Lol, that is true.. you'll now be watching my tweets to very closely won't you. Graduation ceremony is bout to be epic
So ready 4 the weekend!!! Who's with me??? Lol ;)
good points... the talk.alliedmedia site does indeed send plaintext, but so do many other non-critical web services. SSL==$$$
thanks for the retweet. Glad to find your site!
You are such a lady, Marie. RT: : I put one #doritoslocotaco in my mouth, and one in my purse for later
am gonna swag it out
I have to agree, keep the balanced schedule
fido! and anyone who says 28 Days Later doesn't know the definition of Zombie!
Spring Break promotions this week, follow us now!!!!
#Photoshop CS6 Beta -- Paragraph Styles and Character Styles! YES! Really could use those features this week!
“: I wish the weekend would hurry up and get here #Fawwwk”
just signed up for the Prospect Park series. BOOM.
The OKC Museum of Art Auction will be transformed after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
how are the runways looking? Any delays/cancellations?
Wow that's pretty cool :)
I hate Mr.Morrison
HA! Amazing.
8 is definitely better than 12.
99% of lawyers are giving the rest a bad name.
"bringing this show to life". Wait, what? When?!?!?
safe travels!
Those sound wonderful! Perfect for this time of year.
Love RT : It's a rare reader who doesn't go to the novel looking for a kind of encouragement to live. – Norman Rush
I definitely see the resemblance with
I don't want to start a riot, but everyone should know that "Rock 'n' Roll High School" is now available on
ok. Same here.
LOL! Drama much? // RT : The Titans are the most unlikeable team ever. The ownership doesn't give a crap about our city
Longest day ever? Worst headache imaginable?
is hands down the best player in baseball....how's Pujols doing this year, Halos?
it's ok! I still love you girl!!
CEO of Thanks for connecting, I'll check out your blog!
I am with you.
Woah! My last tweet was 65 days ago!! Hahaa wow(:
Thx 4 the follow! Please help us find these guys. We hope u love the music! Best & success!
Breck was awesome yesterday, didn't expect that
I'm in a chilled ass mood.
Happy Sunday Beautiful People! Windows Down, Top Back #LovinMyBMW - XavierLT. com
If a Child Anti - Abduction Training Program were available in your area would you have your child participate?
what about ppl like me that have to work those nights >_<;
I know you came a long way to be where you at and I know you will do great and work hard at it I will still here your song
couldn't think of a better way to spend this gross day! Hope CA wines warm us up.
were u heading for your vac
check it out at NaLee2010.com or at Amazon.com NaLee by Erin Sankey!!!
Why wasn't the new 3 Stooges movie released in December so it could qualify for Oscar consideration?
The way yu talk, the way walk, the way yu move, the way yu smile
RT : The Devils power play is about as productive as Helen Keller solving a rubik's cube.
Me too. Been a fan of Sunday Morning since I was a kid. I never miss it!!!
You are sweet to mention my story. Thank you :-)
YOU AINT WORRYING ABOUT IT BUT YOUR POPS IS CRYING RIGHT NOW ! HE SHOULD'VE READ MY TWEET TO HIM ! HE WOULDVE WON
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. ~ Mandela
The chili is super good! Even in hot weather at 8am:-)
Thanks for the follow! Can I send you a play? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now.
Richard Shaten shaking his beard & playing a few songs too right now at Ivory Room!
Can I get a B-Day RT from the GREATest receiver ever??
Idk if I should be happy or sad..I'm getting old <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
The world's coming to a end people are going to start dying if depression
My real last name: Provizer
great article! thanks for posting.
I wonder sometimes how I would define beauty if I were blind.
"Make It Stop" is the new Rise Against single. It's also what I thi
Bout Time.!
It's only a standing cutout, not a mechanical bull-style mustache. Add your own punchline here...
Don't be humble. You're not that great.
hey have you got kik ?
Brand new Taxonomy Division is accomplishing great things after only nine months!
I agree. I thought it was the same lyrics u did. Enrique is getting risqué in his old age...
cardo isone of the best producers out there. hes
Hangover left me...Shout out to tha baddest mother's #HappyMother'sDay
I still want s'mores and it's al your fault
I need a job!
: very nice
OKAY THANK YOU.
We out here tryin to function ..!!
summer nights! :)
"I'm so over him"... the biggest lie...
Who got the pack
#BramptonGirls trended because they're Hoes and they Lie.
I put last name first....loyalty binds me.
Been eating all day... I just cant stop. Everythings so tasty. Lol
Getting that text message that just breaks your heart <<<
Me and this body pillow are about to make sweet love.
#rememberwhen in kansas city the bitch @ the hotel shop wouldnt let us buy an energy drink but let me buy a condom?
I would dire if Ariana tweeted me like I'll soo much!!!!
Ottawa is like 1 gigantic Milwaukee basement show, except the bands are good.
why dnt u try smiling for once then maybe ur twitcon wouldn't look like a mug shot...
Yes, all is well here, how has your week been? Looking forward to a sunny weekend here :)
rooting hard 4 you guys have a great game
Oh I am enthralled girl! There is no turning back now.
my bad thought you were at it again. Launched the iPad and loaded an old semi-apology. Maybe it's time to stir it up?
"Creative is the least important most important thing." - Don Draper. I need this framed and put up in my office.
I WILL survive this week...::screams into a pillow:: I WILL SURVIVE finals week. ::silently cries::
The only thing that's on MY mind, is I'm gon' leave with SOMETHING.
good Sunday everyone
apply that to any known fact and you sound like an imbecile
Teacher friends - what are you doing in August to get ready for the school year? Are you back at work already?
picnik as a web-based product is shutting down Apr 19. i found to be a marvelous replacement!
For some reason im just feel so tired. i really might go to bed early tonight.
Errrryday I'm SHUFFLIN' But this year it'll be under the mistletoe.
i think i love pussy more den sleeping
Oh shit! criss angel has a dvd out showing how to do 32 of his magic tricks, and it EVEN shows u how 2 levitate. Girls get rdy 2 b impressed
Diggerslist.com now featured in SW AIRLINES SPIRIT MAG in every seat pocket. Congrats to our sons. adultwellness
It would be a dream to write for South Park.
sweet, enjoy. I was living in Cleveland in 07-08. Went to every home game of that epic Cavs-Celts 7-game series. Great times
It's already a win in my book that is on twitter. But you need to help her with that avatar. Miss you guys! Oh & go eagles.
Why does everything have to involve me???
5:50am. Standing outside hotel waiting on taxi. Weird music on a loop. Feel like I'm in Myst.
I'm going to check that out
Need someone at #jpmorganchase to call me re a #shortsale right away. Calls to the #shortsale dept aren't returned or are #slydial. HELP
After a long day of travel no sleep and family visits. I'm ready to sit in a hot tub and go to bed.
Adorable picture! She needs some Bulldog gear!
Are you following us? Don't see dm option
can't wait!
Lovin rent so far! Everyone is awesome!! I got chills!
One of my fish just died. I'll be unreachable for several days.
Attending webcast #Drupal and #Linux: Lessons learned building two great open source communities
These streets are crowded with cowards disguised as men. #MMF <3
I am, in every thought of my heart, yours.
Does anyone know how to "Invite All" when composing a event on #Facebook rather than checking everyone individually?
76 at 10pm? Can't get better weather than this
Text "HAITI" to 90999 to donate $10 to American Red Cross relief efforts for Haiti. Money will be added to your cell phone credit card bill.
Wish my bf understand me sometimes...ugh
thanks for the suggestions. I usually spend decent time with every paper i have to review regardless.
Have fun tonight mini-cauldron!
"I don't watch it as often as I like cause I'm always tired" A guy talking about porn
I met your friend in Santa Monica today, she just loves you!
Special K with berries!
Had so much fun today playing 5 year old Ben in a staged reading at Theater Row's Clurman Theater of 's awesome play BRANCHED.
#PRSADetroitDiversity Let the learning begin!
annoyed as fuck..
feel like shit..my stomach hurts,my back hurts,my head hurts....I thing I have the stomach bug :(
Me...Code3....Transitions Art Gallery....Why shouldnt it happen...March 3rd Please be out there To show support
pfft, get yourself a sugar daddy
He had issues in High School too. Shouldn't be a surprise to Arizona staff.
Omw to the nail shop . Finally ima take em off .
This wedding came quick.
Doing the same. RT Going to start with "Paul's Boutique" (the best album ever) and move on from there.
Has the best girlfriend n the world She can make one hell of a cooler!
Bumper stickers at Americans for prosperity conference in Milwaukee: "cut spending now!"; Neumann for gov; Rick Santiorum q @
Tits>ass
"Rapper's Delight"...n u don't stop!
Wow. Haven't heard that one in a long time!
ok Fair enough and we know that article had problems. Watch that space for a make-good! Thanks for the follow.
Today is seriously such a good day, I think everyday should be my Birthday! But, I'd be really old..xD
uh oh. Haha. What's the weapon of choice? And where are you headed?
RT RichVictorLaw: VA 8th Congressional District, you have another option: pragmatist independent
Whoa now. 5ive was the shit, okay. They were no *NSYNC, but they were badass. LOL. Entire 'Invincible' album was BANGIN.
But don't count your chickens before they're hatched because there're still 10 minutes left and everything can change...
I'm glad I don't know who is talking about because I would have a hard time looking at them the same.
Call me sappy, but I love my students.
AG Secretary Vilsack the Cabinet Member not there. If terrorists attack, SNAP program remains in good hands.
Get your FroYo on & prep your stomach for the upcoming Holiday Feast!!
Today I had the privilege of looking at 5 apps in private beta. All were pretty amazing and all launching in June. Its about to get crazy
reading Hemingway again?
we havent talked....how r u?
Virginia has seceded. Heaven help us.
I've got mother's day planned: wine tasting & brunch. Yummy. My mom, a former box-wine drinker, now wine-club sophisticate, will love it.
rather build around 35 year old Pierce.. Or around 26 year old, 2nd in NBA in assist Rondo. Ask any free agent
Laying down watching the client list and drinking some tea. Sounds like an amazing night to me! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
With Akini filming for Travis Porters video getting it in .
what's the word on danilo for tonight?
The Afghan Whigs' 1965 tour rolls on!
Thank you so much for the RT! Hope you had a fabulous weekend!!
What did you get me? A new hookah?
Shutter Island is like the best thing ever!
Paul McCartney is in his stately manor home weeping. This guy is terrible.
A teacher at my school is rite on the border btwn maybe she's pregnant&i should say congrats, or maybe she's not&i'd embarrass her #notw ...
Good morning :)
boys,boys,boys. we love them{<U+2665>}
hey follow back?:)
A new crew? Nice. & welcome Karlie. (:
Opening my Knology bill - wow - I get to pay for four weeks of service when my internet hasn't worked half that time - gee, any ideas?
hahaha proud of ya too kid. Not gonna smoke till my hungover ass will be begging me to after rusko
Feat. In NEW #MusicVideo Photogenic Girl
Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry and narrow-mindedness. ~ Mark Twain
"My" cat's name is Monster. He's my neighbors, but likes to visit in my house and runs to greet me when I drive in.
so lame
Words cant describe how much I hate the Miami Heat
Badgers are pretty bad!! Stop recruiting in state!
Thanks to Blue Moon Pizza for donating Open Arms dinner tonight to children & their families at It's GREATLY appreciated.
thanks for following us! we hope you are excited about the line coming out :)
FLYERS FRONT AND BACK, ONLY 65$........PLEASE VISIT MYSPACE.COM/MAGIKENTPROMOTIONS TO VIEW MY PORTFOLIO, PEACE
it may stop people from speaking, but it won't prevent them beating you senseless for using it on them.... :)
should be able to get some off UL fan after beatdown! Lol
Could acorns be ready yet, this early? Scrub jay outside my office window is very excited about that big oak tree this week.
Okay, we need six more followers including We can do this. Y'all like Body Count, right?
We applaud your leniency in defining what a museum is,
good luck young grasshopper. Don't ask for keys to the executive wash room on first day.
Yes! RT : Great idea: "Adele's 'Someone Like You' covered by Nickelback!"
I haven't watched since the Reggie days...but pulling for them!
PA high school league has 11 teams largely in part to high school promoters that help us. You could be our guy in Jersey.
we like this #winning RT SKC game Saturday & my 1st Royals game of the season on Sunday Gonna be a good weekend!
I kinda want to get a job(:
Broadway extension, you wear me right out.
Wall space is prime real estate for showcasing artwork including photos. Shoot home & work walls & make some decisions to update or admire?
on our way!
I just got my intelligence insulted first thing in the morning...shutting people down using common sense should be my job...good morning!
Reds have now locked up Votto and Phillips for the long term. #pumped Looks like Jay Bruce may be the one out the door in a few years though
practiced every song we have tonight, gearing up for a 2 day google party show in 2 weeks...
RT : Studies show most office space only used 48% of day.
Agreed! I <3 idea of blogging your term paper; get comments/interact but also adhere to histds 4 research, thesis, org!
Watching dvr of Ellen and wow over 16000 followers in one day...Ellen definitely got pull!
alright I got you
I hear used hearses are cheap.
My Mom and I saw it last week and loved it! Very close to the book if you've read it.
Happiness is always in the air!
How do you avoid drama if your boss is the main cause of it all?? I wish life was like the wwf and I could play stone cold steve austin..
what dinosaur?!?!
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence
Shaquille O'neal's ex wife has the most dramatic nose I've ever seen.
Finished fantastic book: The Shadow of the Wind by Carlos Ruiz Zafon. Excellent! Mystery, intrigue, suspense, heartbreak, it has everything!
k. Still trying to work on the other parts first
Time to put the kibosh on this Bemis beard.
"Let It Go" love the beat and the features!
Just finished the last episode of party down... That's sad
we prefer the term "porn Cylon."
Let's go hogs! #WPS !! Can't wait til September !!
RT : on my way to school then we are going to incredible pizza for the whole day! and tomorrow is lazzer tag!!
What are you watching? How about you make me some cupcakes
Let's Go Brewers!
": The most inexpensive, and yet most appreciated, gifts that you could give someone are your honesty and loyalty."
So tired but just came across #RoadHouse on cable. Damn you Swayze!
you spelled fail wrong.
Fashion Week 2012!!! Get your Rush Print Job here now! From Comp Cards to Apparel printing. Get your portfolio out there!!!
No! It's delicious when well-made using good vodka!
you would love chicago then with how much snow we got. Please answer me this, whens the next time you're coming here????
guess what .. no one gives a fuck ctfu
end #LRA violence Join us for #KONY2012 don't like you or Obama toughest vote decision ...who ever mentions kony gets my vote!
Emma Stone looks awful - the HUGE wrap around her neck is overwhelming her face. Gross. Sigh.
Fix is up for being able to edit team names / descriptions.
Trying to keep up with the NBA trade deadline and the NCAA tournament while at work is going about how you would expect it to...
I think this means I'm in for the SF marathon this year. Done.
1 Corinthians 13:4 - Love is always patient; love is always kind; love is never envious or arrogant with pride. Nor is she conceited,
"Tasers and Vodka? Sounds like a party!" house
Love seeing the #Rockies stomp the #giants ESP when Cargo is 3-4 with 4RBI's!!!
we don't sleep!!! im making power moves..
Remember, today is Egg Victory Day where all the eggs who survived the hunt come out of hiding and party like crazy.
Family Day: Enjoy the 80 degrees weather & go play with your kids for a bit. Record the game & watch it later. Go Tebow!
last two posts pertain to Facebook! - sorry for any confusion Twitter follwers
u still my nigga homie always got love for u like brother
Anne Frank house this am. Now in line (thankfully short) for Van Gogh museum.
Just poured a beer. It was really weird.
I love that 's Twitter bio includes, "your former teen-age crush." It's like she knows us!
You do you im gonna do me
Every word a woman writes changes the story of the world, revises the official version ~ Carolyn See
Anyone chase down our Berger Cookie flavor at Mt Washington yesterday?
Is there a more mediocre line of beer in America than Samuel Adams? If they have a 100 brews, 95 of them are a notch above garbage.
I agree! A new ride will be there for a long time. Food and wine is a new experience everytime!
Nice feature for the "Member Focus" on today...
she probably couldn't handle his ego, honestly. That's why he's started dating famous...
NOT - ft. Marley B (Atlanta Zoo Freestyle) video
Loneliness expresses the pain of being alone and solitude expresses the glory of being alone.
As you can see, the twitter accounts of just about the entire Press-Register newsroom have been hacked//It was Roy Moore.
damn thats tight :) love it
I just wanna sing lawd do I have a lot to say ..
Fun audition w/Danielle Eskinazi today! Then workshop w/Paul Weber. Made a risky choice first, but felt I nailed it with his redirect!
So in #alcohol land what are Tuesdays referred to? Tequila Tuesday?
We're looking forward to your plotting efforts in November!
what is up with this weather?! It's July! WTF! lol
What an AMAZING #event! Thank you to Miki for hosting & thank you to everyone who came last night!
pretty cool..
They're all fatter too
Feeling the itch to migrate South for the winter...
Horse chestnut can help with varicose veins. Just make sure to eat a meal with it.
Last time the #Cavs had a lottery pick, they drafted Luke Jackson - they must do much, much better this year with their pick & the
lol somebody asked me the other day :-P
#Np Calvin Harris- All the girls
Damn , it's not even 8 yet .
&quot;How to Increase Conversion Rates with Crystal Clear Test Results,&quot; According ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
I get a new pair of sunglasses, I sit on them within 72 hours. This is why I never spend too much for sunglasses.....
#zeustek message me if you have good tips for generating high PR backlinks...
the VLADOS are verry awsome and thats why im going to get some for my birthday :D thx to u TE AMO <33 and plss fallow me!!
#1Disthehottestboybandtoeverwalkthisearth DO IT FOR THE HOTTEST BOIZZ OUT DER!!
Just ordered my ticket to go see Drake...ha I wish!
I hate it when I think I did something wrong. I try not to,but I am now sad.
def needa click up with the bestie this week....
I think you need to add a profile picture. Just saying.
Then why didn't we see you tonight? :)
Happened to me yesterday. Cartoons from the Issue of April 2nd, 2012 : The New Yorker via
is finally done working on freelance. DONE DONE DONE DONNNEEEE!! Two days of the 9-5 and then Mexico for 8 days. HAPPY SHMEEPS!! %(*$&%(&
Uh oh EJECTION. Ebanks dong his Bynum impression.
is the best!
So great meeting you! You guys are so fun & sweet. :)
follow me and I follow back right away!
#thingsidontunderstand when people make plans right in front of you and don't invite you.
Looks like a group of us are going to holiday world Saturday... hmm who wants to be my date
great show
I can't decide if I want to be as successful as Amanda Hocking at self-publishing or as successful at the Big Six.
Hey tell your mom to have a fabulous 18th birthday from
I was supposed to be mother's day shopping with my guy friend. Not sure how I ended up with two bags of stuff for me. Oops.
People are desperate to find anything even remotely interesting to talk about because they think it makes them sound cool.
are you hanging out with ?? :)
Happy National Butterscotch Brownie Day :)
Finalizing lunch date plans, cleaning, laundry, watching Sex and The City, taking bong hits - I am the ultimate multi-tasker.
how old is she?! 12? he's a fuckin sexy ass 17 soon to be 18 year old.
SF for Saint Patty's Day
“: so ready for pretty little liars to come back on. #omgg” i can't wait!!
Thank you and for a morning that reminded me how seriously amazing humans can be!
love u follow back;(
name-calling always seems to be the last act of desperation. so i've over it.
Murray (longer hair guy) has been in the band since those cruises. Last one was in 2010.
Did you have to pass a voice impersonation audition to become Lance's replacement?
Why is the #coachella interviewer dumbing down her vocab?
AYE SHOUTOUT TO MY HOMIE FOR INK'N THAT DEAL WIT SO SO DEF/EPIC...
no Im gone
Samsung posts record $5.15 billion profit; mobile sales surge
Ima try this again
Well then let's get this party started. I'll bring the whipped cream.
Unashamed of the gospel!!!
You know a dude came up with the name of a phallic rod you shove in and out of your mouth "Oral-B".
if you trash kobe you have no basketball knowledge
killed it like always they live up to the phrase be iconic
RT : Ready for another night of #HalfPriceGames? We asked our resident zombies, they won't mind if you shoot em' 2x as much.
Girls should have long hair
like my fb page under cortney taylor!
Moviess tonight with my best friend!!(: going to see the woman in black!
alcohol solves everything...and bike riding!
it's cold enough to snow out <U+26C4><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00BF>
Thanks for following, hope you enjoy my work!
I bet ya sounders fans would love their own s, with real grass. MLS should get new teams that are willing to get their own s
New home for Transcendental Meditation in Evanston will be celebrated today with open house.Tomorrow view OWN Next Chapter special w/ Oprah.
Doesn't compare to olvia tremor control's "grass type writer" suite
This has to be one of the most trying weeks in my entire life!
hey people whts up?
Knew Artist would win for score, but it really had no business being nominated. Great period music and, of course, the Vertigo fiasco.
i miss !! you'll see me a bunch son ;)
Let's go Black Cats!!! #Sunderland Gotta keep ManCity down.
Still got a fever. Thank goodness is letting me pick the movies today for his project.
. We also talked about simple machines today. How are we not a simple machine? A processor at least.
Shit some of the people I went to school with are putting their children IN school
what are you going to do? -__-
Blk girl gets mad because I don't want tar pussy lol like come on if your that dark on the outside then yo fish must be over cooked
God electronica is so good
this concerns me greatly
Congrats to the New and Greatest Diva's Champion Ever *Bows* to Niki !!!
Grande Lakes Orlando.
michael jordan is a show off
Baklava gives me chills
oh yeah but real talk tho, wats it like in Brazil, cause i believe its everything i dreamed of and seen on movies
Good here tired of walking.. Just thinking abput my husbands XD
Prof Assns take a stand at the risk of alienating some of their own members.
#interfaceUF I ran into real student resistance: in part because they were very unfamiliar with twitter, period.
#WhenWillYou stop actint like a little girl & being a 2 faces? Grow up!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAhhhhhhhhhhhhhh How Sweet. Can we cuddle? Love that attitude!!! <3<3<3
have you booked an experience through yet??? tell us your initial thoughts!!! we wanna hear from YOU!!!
nicole, you are a fucking cunt.
#GameTime on Friday practice and then game on saturday
YOU GUYS WERE AMAZYN! :) LOVE U
Can I just say, god bless my mother for owning every Nicholas sparks book known to mankind.
I want the new iphone But I don't want AT&T
Owl City Concert Tomorrow night w/ Kayla, Sara, and Jenna!!! I'm so excited!!! <333 OWl City <333
shall we go?
Thank you for the RT
Lazy rule #1: Can't reach it, don't need it.
Was able to see this young man play against Marquis Teague and Pike a few years ago.very nice feet and soft touch for his size....
excited for the great things God has in store for this week!! keep me in your prayers por favor :)) y DTB tu semana tmb!
Inda lab with ....Got Sum Poosie, Drank, & Kush!! It's time to knock another dope track.!! #San Anto's Mosted Wanted
Its going to be dry and #HOT the next few days. Make watering easy by using #Terra-Sorb or #SoilMoist.Ut retains water and releases it later
See what happens when u hit batters?
Finishing Great Gatsby right now hopefully this classic will have a somewhat satisfactory ending unlike most books we read in HS
Finished a nice run to a beautiful rising moon.
“: You can count on it. I know from experience. #LLAP”
: "A good content syndication service."
Researching the school district is something that is very important when considering the location of your new home.
cmon Brett. Pittsburgh is not famous for praying mantis sandwiches!!
Thanks for the RT!
Ready 4 a music orgasm?? Hit up pure plat harborside 10-27. Ft cutz & who, changing my panties as we speak!
I'm on a plane; I can't complain. - literally on a plane
Danny-- you have no idea, but that was an impulsive, bad idea. Don't do Black Friday ever. Even on a Thursday.
That's Harsh
Thanks man. Say hi to the gang for me.
KBPI Bikini Bike Wash @ Coyote Motorsports this weekend 6/19 from 11a-2p!!! Brother's BBQ for the first 100 people!!! Be there!!!
Good pic of Tricle-Down Newt, but I didn't care for his cold call pre-recorded phone spam this morning.
yea son gay buy he a beast
ew. lets move to grandma and pop pop's I call the cot.
I'm always in some sort of a bad mood.
What is your favorite Chilorio's meal? We wanna know!
Just trying to put that bass line in your head. Because who can forget that unmistakable bass line?
HI, Bud. Follow more people and get your numbers up. Tweeting all day to the same 62 people won't help your cause enough.
Got love on my mind
I was playing WWE 12 on Monday as when Brock Lesnar came out (I won) and I was like "what if?" then it happened!
So, since The Earth is the third Planet of our Solar System, that would make us all from ''Third World Countries.''
I have no idea.
Ciroc and blue full throttle!
always been a fan, #Erik_Rhodes! Love your movies! -Ross Yerger, #Facebook fan
Joe Biden is really really ridiculously good looking. Can't. Stop. Staring.
see you soon?!
lol I guess child :-)
- The Royals are just lucky it wasn't Duncan coming at them. Way to be, Jack.
“: Turning my extra bedroom into a walk in closet :) Can't wait until it's finished!” We have waaayyyy to much stuff!
This WILL be the weekend I make it all the way through #Kyrgyzstan 's 2011 Health Systems in Transition full report.
Then stay asleep!!!!!!
yayyyy i miss u ginger we have to have a night to get together
just saw episode 2 and I've got some feedback: nice jacket!
it was a fairly good show. A little lacking in the finale, but the music was good.
Click LIKE if you have a New Year's resolution.
Any affordable hotels on the North Shore??
Where there is a will there is a way.
Magic. Words.
My American Accent Workshop in January 2011 has been canceled. Sorry to all.
James, Rose, Kobe, Anthony, CP3
I should be as my love for Ryan Adams is well documented, but I never fell in love with White.
Cat was going crazy about 5 minutes before earthquake- playing with her ball..
You're Awesome thanks for the RT
Thank u for showing me who u are underneath and no thank u I don't need another heartless misery you think I'm doing this to make u jealous
Congrats melody ": did i win or not? Im still on the phone right now."
I wanna retweet this
If I was in Rose's position I would have jumped off that lifeboat too...
Please RT. God we trust in you. May our sons-husbands-friends in military, & troops turn to you and find rest in the shadow of your wings.
twitter is messed up.
Oh man, I just looked that up and now I gotta try that.
"Tagore's religious experience when the world suddenly seemed to break open to him in its radiance." Waterfall...
Nice! I would love to see her. I saw Taylor Swift in October when she came to San Diego
I'm so thankful to God for the blessed life I have.
#newspaces4learning Happy to start talking about the application to the classroom. It's been tough (but good) not thinking that way..
Our pleasure! Keep up the good work for the betterment of #colleges everywhere.
So does anyone have a reason that the 49ers keep Alex Smith? Seriously even Tavaris Jackson isn't as bad as this guy.
Why am I getting all these text late from Jose?
I just want to write..that's it.
This isn't trench coat weather!
any chance a deserted jj rezzie can tag along to the game? I need basketball-lovin' friends :(
Here are a couple of great ideas to cure a hangover
how u what on that kings island trip this sunday wit me and
Going to walk to school jamin out to :D
nice. U wanna flash for me now?(;
Educators want to collaborate with you, whoever you are! (Curators, designers, writers, everyone!)
thanks for your tweet - made my day. The commercial was my first foray into TV for Urbanspoon.
If Follows me I will vote for RNG 500 times or more each week and post a picture of it.
Stop tweeting, Drew. It's your birthday!
i mean is wht up
Still struggling with a title...
second to last.I Feel asleep.
Right? I wasn't aware that I binge drank every time I went to HH after work on a Tuesday. Eh well.
#ItalyLovesBritney and I say I love all the fans all over the world!
So Beliebers and Directioners should do that too? Finally.
*purrs* M, I know *tippy toes and flicks your nose with my tongue*
Excellent movie Ms Faith!! You just keep getting better and better! God has blessed you abundantly!
Happy Easter, my peeps!!! Having a great day with the immediate family but missing the rest of the family.
HarvardGSE's Bridget Terry Long will use Ohio data to shed some light on this question about student employment.
Big update coming in the next few days!! Hope your ready.. we are very excited !
Bbq sauce and fat tits
well ACTUALLY in '43 i marched with harriet tubman
Join my list
A 2005 PIMS study showed that increased marketing spending during the last recession achieved an average return on capital of 4.3%
what it do? Did u run that half marathon bruce jenner?
During two intimidating meetings today, I will pretend I am at the table with , who already thinks I'm awesome.
Remember back in the olden days when we used wood-burning stoves and AOL?
Hehe. I had no idea. Hope you save some of that snark for the post.
yes, i saw this yesterday!!! only it was on my phone and only saw the title...thnks for reminding me! bullshit, indeed!
grilled salmon
you should feel bad! Its a classic, u gotta watch it. The true story of old days actress"Joan Crawford" a true Diva!
Why Choose Newbridge Home Loans: Land Loans - Lots - Large Acerage tracks - Commercial Loans - Investor Loans - 5 to 10 financed properties
#FF follow my evil sidekick
And 2b clear I mean is broke financial, politically, and ethically!
Beat Minnesota, #ItsAllAboutTheU!
Haha. Jaret is fucking on top of it! Tomas, we all miss you.
Just slept for 20 straight hours.
Not live, but video coming soon
where'd you sit at? :p
I hope the days come easy, and the moments pass slow<3
Sabres fans deserve better. Team is 2-5-3 in their last 10 home games.
thanks so much for the FF last week!
I don't know jus yet..when u going?
Shopping day today.
I think the list could have many flaws due to the private school list would make a few changes to home schools
Wilco's new album, "The Whole Love" is amazing.
That it has national recognition is hysterical. RT This week is National Nude Recreation Week. Do with that what u will.
totally gassed bruh .... N's miss FT's but not that often
What are the names of all the #spicegirls ?
Learn more about Savant Multimedia! Social Media Management. Marketing | Public Relations. www.savantmultimedia.us.
what area of civil war history interests you the most (i know, too open of a question)...
- I'm so over the moon about it
Congratulations to Becca Jensen, author of Among the Dead: Ah! and Afterward Yes! and winner of the first Les Figues NOS* Book Contest!
Talked to my love & now its time for bed. Until tomorrow.
"I have no despair about the future."
I've missed you so much.
Attempting to grab my birthday dinner at flat top grill before storms roll in. Go go gadget wok!
Are you an educator who would like to be in print? DM for details.
UT gets the top Recruiting class in the SEC at WR with 4, 4 star commitments
But one day, we will meet tho, thats my word!! imma wife you lol
What color panties are u wearing?..if ur even wearin any..
There are so many events, ways to communicate w/ FB, Twitter, - how can I reach the most people in the most efficient manner ?
well as a scholar of the African Diaspora that's what I do my Morehouse brother!
heh. Is how I figured you knew, just was an odd moment :)
the pied of piper of Reno, Nevada
"Call Me Maybe" is fantastically terrible. I'm absolutely a sucker for big summer pop songs, it's a vice, and I'm working on it.
don't do it!
ok change tha icon
Polygraph for Addison PD coming up and numerous tests for other departments. I have been trying 7 years to become a cop. Why stop now?
possibly Banner
Congrats, folks! Very excited about this!
Oh wow
For those of you listening in, we are on break till 10:30 ET. Apologies for the poor sound quality. Had some technical difficulties!
Seiler is not in the newsroom. I just hit reply to Seiler,what twitter does with my reply is up to twitter
about what
fall thru the spot one weekend fam you know I got u
Eyes that see beauty never lose their sight
Oh no not Derek to
I believe about 2inches maybe...
Have you ever used a Loofah Cookie in the shower? It looks like a pop tart, and smells yummy like one Unique skin softmer so unbelieveable
thanks for the tweet! i can't imagine staying anywhere else while in Montreal! see you next month!
What's everyone doing today?!?!?
San Antonio with my cousin this weekend :)
Wow. It's amazing how you can affect or control (if you will) another persons attitude by your own. ;)
I don't know who's UNfollowing me, but get prepared for me to return the favor!
Holiday season means time to plan your office parties. Serve the best, our unique light & crispy crust, imported melted cheeses & fresh topp
Driving to Chernobyl 26 years later - National Post
Having hope and looking bad is better than publicly admitting the type of beer you drink. Zing!
Friday the 13th just got a bit more spooky this month. Due to some delays in mastering we have to push back our release date to 4.13.12.
A bitting (or: bit of key) is the part of the key that actually engages the tumblers to activate the lock.
Glad the Governor finally figured out how to spell Culpeper County and corrected the earlier PR tweet.
To Our surprise and our 7 year old we were visited by the Easter Fox who claimed much of the chocolate placed in eggs by the Easter Bunny.
Most mechanics can't afford advertising, we can help!
As a woman, it would probably be appropriate for you to wear a tuxedo. :D
nevermind. :( it was. I swear.
What a hit by Rinaldo. Good lord.
If its like this now I can't wait til spring
true indeed!!! Do you miss Florida already??
grumble grumble postini interrupting html email testing grumble grumble
Sending you good thoughts this morning. I hope all is well...or gets better.
Fingers crossed! RT : The is trying to get non stop flights between #ABQ to
currently editing the first bit of fiction for #invictus; nowhere is the circle of life more evident than in reading young writer fiction
Dialogic questions included "what is your origin story?" "When did you first hear about the atomic bomb?" "How did art/science meet tonight"
I am and I will because I believe
Every thing is occurring in perfect timing. No need to stress or rush. Just be grateful for each step of the process.
lol that's awesome
Why? Why did you have to go? I need your help right now.
Low-hanging fruit, Allison. Low-hanging-fruit.
he raped her twice? i call bullshit.
yea I love the Solid 8 throwback!
Don't run away from the truth because I'm not giving up on you
I don't have a very long bucket list but my fuck this list is about a mile long
awe I would have no dreams at all if it weren't for all the fans!
Chillin in #Swampscott, I may visit #Boston tonight, anyone down for a meetup?
Theatre to see and #ff: From our friends at , The Elephant Man at Pico Playhouse.
Hustler and ATL are a family. HUSTLERS LOVE ATL
12:30 tonight. Who's ready for a live tweet-up of this rampage?
LOL!!! then what happened when you reached out there ?
It just destroys me every time. RT: Sonic Youth covering Carpenters
cuz i am sick! thats why!
I love u camille! I'm so happy that u found some1 to make u happy again, u deserve it! Ur gorgeous xxoo
great to see the belly/flamenco again. #ceyx was great fun!
579 and counting... That's a lot of people through my small 2 bedroom house in 6 hours!
No one cares about the Bruins dude and Pats, Celts, Sox are all on the decline
That is such a beautiful helicopter shot
lol I was just RTing it to spread it around
#iReallyWant to meet & treat him Subway :)
I always forget how overwhelming the music crowd is... Take me back to my film geeks please
RT : Today is the LAST CHANCE to see "The Spitfire Grill"! Don't miss it! 2pm
I did follow her
Great weekend w/ family in town, bday + 1.5 months party, ice skating, watching football, & preping for #ConnectGens event.
I work at 4 D; Why?
Dont stand so close to the TV your eyes will fall out.
Follow and me!
Ah snap #Devo are in the shorts and black knee socks part of the set.
gotta stick to the meal plan! I'm dying for some fat tho!
Thanks for your message, I will defiantly look into it! Are you interested to protect your songs and your copyrights...?
thank u for the retweet
Heading to the studio to work on some stuff. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
I've always put my career and school on the top of my list, right after my family. No boy will stop me from being great. Ever.
#imagine being there to say goodbye when Harry leaves for America
SHIT GO HARD CHI-ALL DAY
Rest easy, Paige :(
remember when he had an issue with spoon size
Setting and reaching goals is all about dedication. Joe has mastered the mind game and is continuing to see great...
o, will do, lots! RT : just set up my first out-of-office auto reply. you should email me next week so you can get it.
Hey can you please tweet to She is a huge fan of you , she adores you!!!!
I will sing of the steadfast love of the LORD, forever; with my mouth I will make known your faithfulness to all generations. Ps 89:1
i have it to /:
thank you both -- what did i do to deserve the shout outs?
Our brother line of #GraphicTees will launch soon! Pls #FOLLOW TY :)
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me29
can you make cupcakes for and I?
It will rain!<3
Anyone else notice all the twitter references during the #Daytona 500 weather delay coverage? Takes more than rain to stop NASCAR marketing.
I wish it wasn't rainy so I could just sit at the park without wetting my jeans :(
« na you got this baby lol I know that for a fact! :)»thanks gorgeous <3 i feel 10x confident now.
RT : #smcedteam member Anders Abrahamsson () Global Digital Participation - how do we get the world to 'get...
Lol I wonder if she knows she's a hoe
K I'm going to bed now b4 I punch a hole in the wall >.<
thanks for the follow I dig your stuff - you the producer?
If you want certain people in your life you have to let them know you want to keep them In it or you loose them - time for some change
Gay ass chorus concert -_-
Bass, I'm going to have to ask you to dunk the ball, lay it up or pass it. Just stop losing the ball. It's not fun...
Thatsb true all day!!!
Try our delicious dishes & beverages for your Sunday brunch. 11:30-4pm
I love the
amazing book!
Agreed RT: ESPN please take note, do NOT rank us high in the preseason poll next year. Make us low as hell so we can earn it
Definitely noticing an increase of police in my neighborhood lately. :-/
awwwh! Good company to be in!
Don't miss Cindy Scott Thurs 7p at on and Friday at at 12:30 in tent
#LakeShow tonight! Time to get it done Lakers!!
Just started a Run. 70 °F, 0mph N, 78%
Sorry if I don't tweet all the time,but I do have a life and a job.
my boss just came from we have a bunch in the office.
What goes best with your Dundee?
thanks man! that's awesome love the blog, spread the word bro:)
Dear come back to #Pittsburgh at a normal time! :) CC
I just wanna stare at the super moon.
I wake up and I've lost two followers..
IF YOU WOULD LIKE US TO APPEAR LIVE AT YOUR PLACE OF BUSINESS CONTACT US
RT Who really wants 2watch #TheGame w/out Melanie or Derwin? shouldn't have renewed this show w/out them! >I don't! I<U+2665>Mel
Watching labrynth with and
And it earns me a music video! Sweet! I'm doing more shoutouts!
Happy Friday!!! duck horn wine!!!!! yeah!!!
Remember that we're looking for a vocalist. Hit us up on Facebook of interested. Facebook.com/allurae
Go to www.themissionlasvegas.com for more information on a place that will put Las Vegas arts and culture back on the map.
Today! Get free stuff here today! Afreething.com/Yours FREE FREE FREE! GET IT NOW AT THIS LINK!
is at today! DM us for show only specials!
of. Course
": "If a guy can't handle you in sweat pants, he sure as hell doesn't deserve you in a wedding dress." - Drake"
hi how r u
feeling any better??
Sharing unknown to little known music with the universe. Join the movement!
“: I use to be so weird ahahhahahah” right
Hi John - definitely good fun, sweet and really well-done!!! Loved it!
haha he couldn't have done any worse.. There was one good dunk that whole contest
Finally, #DPLA is about community (like wikipedia)
that will be my drink of choice this weekend since we are going to BG.
hey pierre whats the whole name of sophia and isabela?
Sucks I won't be driving my car for a lil bit. Gotta drive the big green suburban!
Good Lord Deba and Dado are trying to catch Keitany, but my girl ain't giving up that easy. Come on Keitany you can do it.
Ohmygosh!!! I love it! Yes I'm creeping on you <33
AWW Mr. Quigley! Too bad he didn't have nicer shoes...
Max, we're looking forward to working with you on our little secret "Jesus" music project!!! wink wink
Battleship is definitely in the Top 5 of movies I couldn't be paid to go see.
Where are u when i need you around..
If someone is going down the wrong road, he doesn’t need motivation to speed him up. What he needs is education to turn him around....
wouldn't he end up dyed blue at some point? Now I feel the need to make an Arrested Development reference
we kno u such a fag and u make puk on your face
I know I've tweeted this before and if I haven't I should have. Nneena Freelon's take of "The Island" is this unbelievably sassy track.
What was your favorite part of your Christmas Holiday?
How did you sleep last night? : )
we both know someone in common in Key West and now we both tried to contact the same kid. DM me.
well I need to talk to him so I can find out when I started working there so I can file for unemployment.
Whats up world? I'm just living life. Keep your head up if it's down..... Make your smile disrupt your frown.
That awkward moment when you see people putting the boys from 1D's names into a song by Justin.
He's on Twitter as well. And he knows my sister, so be nice!
Watching on PHL17 w/
For more helpful meal planning tips, delicious kid-friendly recipes and nutrition tips, visit MealsMatter.org
stuck in my head " he rocks in the treetop all day long, hoppin and a boppin and singing his song"
do u want another contestant
The G just doesn't run right on weekends, huh? She moves in mysterious ways ...
The RTO industry is poised to become the newest player in the customer loyalty marketing arena and we are helping shake the game up.
Traders Point Creamery is relocating their kitchen. Currently it has 300 square feet. The new kitchen will have 700 square feet.
You know it, you love it-$5.00 Monday! Even better-free music & RIT Faculty Speaker Film Series-The Artist @ 6:50 w/ Skip Battaglia
Anyone want to hang today? Off all day ad don't want to waste the day. Bmx? Fishing? Jumping jacks? Let's do it all.
RT keep a back up, in case these niggas wanna act up!
Family Over Everything. FOE
if u dont tweet anything soon, i`m going to unfollow u.
I'm SO with! And, I'm still young, so we can't be curmudgeons!!
thanks! We are excited!
U C ME
Got it!
I got some bomb ass head from a _____ ____
good one>See beauty without your eyes and you know its truelly genuine
you should let me love you
ok its coming soon!! #staytuned :)
Bout to go take a run and work on my game
why? Why not Gary Johnson. At least he is human.
I love how Alive Philly is! Excellent Chefs, Events, People & Culture. I live & play in the city.
On my way to WORT to talk to Occupy attorneys. Call in with questions or comments 256-2001! Noon - 1:00 on 89.9FM, OUR community radio.
The numbers almost add up to 9. I like that. That's a good omen - rocky II. Lol!! If that's in the original script...
Absolutely! Keep up the great work!
Why not us? Why not now? I BELIEVE! Nuggs win with heart!
No sleep in my near future.
Let me break down your walls and get to you.
Ok Can u DM it to me?
Partnership , & providing training that is: high consequence, high confidence, & high control.
That was noted between me and
I got enough business. I don't need to drive to bum fuck egypt lol
Now Eric Johnson!! What a night!
Love this tweet! So much!
My grandma totally just pushed me):
Good morning u guys "blessed "<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Today is gonna b a great day!!!!
Thank you for attending and speaking at BBA grad party today! Your support is much appreciated by both students & staff!
#questionsthatdontgetanswers "why are you so shady?"
I might take you up on that offer I'm not going!
Anyone who wants to personally bash Oden and blame him for all that went down will be blocked.
I was so confused...
I want to throw a fastball at your face :)
I want to work with you, check out my company. We are an innovative music media tech company from LA! WWW.Mobile-label.net
wait so do amish people sext through letters
ATTENTION #TeamMuldoon please help reach 11K followers! He ONLY needs 253, so let's get to work tweeps!!!!
Down 3-1 against a team as explosive as the Heat, w/ Amare's hand issues, Davis and Shumpert out, ...my prediction looks rough.
Pacers can't get too discouraged about missing shots. Only down by 4 at end of 1st quarter.
"An athlete striving to become the best, Lets nothing stand in their way; Not even the coach."
Death or humanity is what Arabella wants most. Fortunately, Janyce will give it to her If she survives getting what she wants first.
cant wait til the site comes back up i cant wait to hear the mixtapes
Make it a good one in spite of the wind and other things there.....:):):)
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me :( 2
everyone I know is getting married or having kids...i guess its the new tattoo
Ah that must be it! Thank you for your keen observations and for being an inside man in the hood community for so long
lol wat he do... I did the same
#follow for a
Have a great time @ DLR
Congrats, Cal - couldn't imagine the broadcasts without you, you little beauty!
Adventure time!
I wonder how long it took for the audience for those NBA playoff games to tune out.
No Greater Joy: Home Remedies: Yeast Infection, Thrush, UTI, Ear ...
RT I think I need someone to explain this Future album to me.
I am about to private with my tweets. Cant have a life anymore. Yes this is for you because you are TRIPPING!!!!!
I love the dress Maria menuinos is wearing<3
Very beautiful
Now you tell me youre in love. But thats not what it was. All those times that passed by with no signs.
Who's excited for #peggyphelan #live #art in LA???
I'm not going to let any of these selfish muthafukaz Fuck up my day/night
But now I have time to listen to #DietrichFischer-Dieskau on ! Wee!
Fingers crossed for Michelle Williams
yep! my three month ticker started yesterday. waves of anxiety and trying to focus on life while still checking off to do list.
Only 4 days, until he's gone. Yay. :/
you are so cute i wish i lived in san antonio,tx
Your Guide to Exercising Through the Ages
TableTop is excellent. Thank you for making these.
I have a feeling is about to get signed
Yea I have freckles but still look pretty(; ha
3 hours til I have to be at school?
Time mag person of the year: protestor? What is this little league where everyone gets a trophy?
the amount of coffee i drank so far this week is unbelievable!
a giant hug and your time! :)
So.....who's been doing their "YOU ROCK!" every morning? Will you do it this morning?
same!! never been!
Attention customers!! TOMORROW only -- Thursday November 17th, all furniture will be 20% off!! Come and see us!
I ordered 2 phish posters last week from drygoods and it took them a week to ship, what gives? Got it today, looking forward to framing it
Magic Breaks Bulls' Winning Streak
no babe im not even in the car no more I got in Tennessee at three this morning
Why are you being rude to my friends?
#MySexualFantasies having sex while playing donkey kong
Hello there. How are ya? Sorry, late responding.
I am my own crew
...continually displaying new symptoms, new costumes, new customs, new systems :: S Reddy
Well we ain't gon get swept I kno that much
MiniBük. The social media you can hold.
Woo get to see 2 teams go fishin' on #inside the NBA
Thanks so much for your pledge and for getting the word out!
Big storm headed here in a while. Yay!
M Manhattan!
Friday Fitness Tip: The scale isn’t the best way to measure progress toward your fitness goal. Here are 9 other ways to measure your...
Just reserved #LikeCrazy at Redbox for tonight. Yes I've already seen it, but I'll gladly see it again. :)
Too many things to do. I should just take a nap and hope they all get done by the time I wake up
So true! Thank you “: Take charge and create your own destiny. If you don't take responsibility for your life, who will?”
Go Red Sox
Both the episode and series were awesome. Definitely made me proud to be an American. Hope I get the DVD set for Father's Day.
Still time left! Donate in #GiveBIG via and sleep well. Just gave to (cc )
this guy >>> could care less about Bronco's.I just can't handle another season of Tebow around here!
The best thing about the #SuperBowl are the commercials
you goin there to battle somebody
I. AM. SO. PROUD. OF. YOU <3 this is the big step! So don't let anyone stop you from living your dreams. Im just here for you.
There's a little of devil in her angel eyes she's a little bit of heaven with a wild side <U+2764>
Full season pick-ups for Parks & Rec and Happy Endings. What a good day!
amazing! Jamar, two group performances-second one was even better! Awesome!
Paint on your Ceramic Dinner Plates- Ceramic Painting Project - Art and Craft
Check me out at tonight. Rockin it in the new Dj booth.
Good night everybody :)
But it would be so great if it did.
.Gas prices in 2006 2007 were $5.30 gal. in the Bay Area S.F. In Tahoe higher during summer season. "Highest gas in history" NOT TRUE
If the mention of the word 'budget' makes you groan, think of it not as some nasty chore or way to deprive yourself, but as spring cleaning!
Pain meds make me sick most times as well. Could never be an addict or abuser. 2 Tylenol wouldn't touch me at all. Has to be 4.
we should chat about it sometime. I searched for bing and results were useless b/c it was just people all issuing the same link.
Shoot my dad is heated at me!!!! :/
if you could combine Indy & Nashville that would be one Epic birthday present!!! :)
I was just outside draining pool-again-it ain't pretty out thar-hope it blows past quick.
thanks so much for the follow. If you need a new mattress or new furniture please let us know!
i read it ahaa
Bad day for cowboys </3
y u fresh from head 2 toe and ur kid look like a orphan
RT : I'm being forced to eat carbs covered with cheese. FORCED.
slowly is good. That way we get the right deal :-)
perfect! That is it.
Person: do you have a boyfriend? Me: are you making fun of me
think he's in south America living it up.
ha Otay! Let me know. How'd you end up there?
Another dollar, another day. Man is it early
Buy produce/meats/grains and have fun picking out new things, cook them in healthy ways, and leave the processed stuff out.
#SXSW so much better without rain!
Good Morning! :)
Go Alex, go Alex! *cabbage patches*
On the way to IPL !
I miss you :(
your show needs to be an hour long, 30 min isn't long enough! your to funny! (:
Sometimes you have to stop looking at the big picture and see the wall it's mounted on.
I am glad you clarified that was your cousin, otherwise that would be VERY strange lol
he's half the man he used to be, but he lives....they're even making a figure of him with robot legs... #
Why can't we get a good liberatarian? I'm a conservative minus the religion and feel left out.
From us and ours to you and yours, Merry Christmas! We hope you have a great day!
Don't mess with Bill.
what the frig is getting all intimate with your nostrils?
Jen Bervin at Mills College - video - now on the front page of Jacket2 under "media highlights."
Worst fucking day ever... #pissed someone text me..
Nope that global warming finaly found us after a very cold ass winter.
My daughter has dedicated my new song "My Pretty Boy" to our cat Tommy....aww! <U+2665>
No, probably not, remember, it sucks.
The last few weeks of school always be boring
cool! & did you like it? And yeah I'll just be like "Josh, what do we do now?" haha
(Did it again.)
As the CEO, sorry to hear that! Would love any thoughts on what you'd like to see us improve. Stay tuned... Thanks!
Good morning everybody!! Have an amazing week! :)
I'll tell you later. I couldn't possibly give you details in the public feed. It's very [word usage:] "uncouth." #props :) RT
Dinner at Alterra: $30. Fiddler on the Roof tickets: $40. Spending the evening with Miss Reckzin, Frank Abignale Jr. Style: priceless.
WV Public TV will re-air our 2005 interview with late poet laureate, Irene McKinney, this Friday at 9 pm, and Sunday at 6:30 pm.
I'll be there.
sure, I followed back. thanks :) follow back?
so sleep
Airplane repo, Can't stop watching!
thanks. I feel reborn!
follow us plz share! we follow back!
Thanks for visiting us! Looking forward to seeing you again!
you know who you should follow ? and . They're amazing boy beliebers ya know(:
LA friends, let's hang. Here until next week.
no no, no problem c: <3
Did you know the IRS will not be mailing tax packets/forms this year? Don't worry! Tax forms are trickling into Henderson Libraries now!
That's a LONG day RT : Need one badly! 2 hour hard spin at 4:45 this morning & kid stuff all morning.... ;)
Omgg crazy but true was my favorite song I even made a dance to that song ;)
Don't get us wrong, facebook is a great social media site and has a lot to offer, but what about their revenues? $FB
pretty good, went by fast.
Which means you can see our beautiful capitol when you land.
Snooki is short, fat, orange, and loves lasagna. If you think about it, she's just Garfield with herpes.
"taste the soup" RT : "Whatever you like"--
New twitter page design is up. Can I get a word?
Think about it this way: the longer you wait, the more it will cost to fix. Do it now! :)
25 degrees at 9am? What is this?
what time are you at Winn Dixie?
The FIRST biography? Hard to believe. RT First biography of Mayor Richard M. Daley to be published by U of C Press tinyurl.com/3brkyw9
42 extra long please
I would but not really into deep fried anything.
Work It .
next time you are in richmond we will take you there bro, its a nice place
missed it. What'd she play?
#JustGetOverIt - my nervousness..... still in the weeds with my MC duties...
If you follow me, I will respond to your dm. Can't do so otherwise.
It's officially spring, and we can't think of any better way to celebrate than sipping on a fresh, cold beer!
Looks good to me, Cameron. Maybe a comma after '12th year'?
Ain't nothing on TV, ain't nothing to do(sigh) summer starting off real slow bout now
Why wait till Tuesday? Offer yourself a Valentine: come to South Mountain Yoga, 18 S. Orange Ave., S. Orange, 4-5pm-- free community class.
RIP, Big Man. your music will certainly be missed.
Hi Sam, thanks for following me, I like your blog I look forward to getting to know you better, maybe we can work together??
Everything there is to know about the Rim Country... as soon as we know it. Starting around 9:00 am daily, except Sundays.
thank you. Had me nervous for a bit there.
i have 2 great virtual assistants. Both in Baltimore.
yes ma'am I got you ;-)
Now developers can publish and sell their Symbolsets, fonts for GIS, symbols for applications, Styles easily.
We're also going to have to work on the workplace swag
I don’t wanna be in the blind, but sometimes I Stevie Wonder About him
the twins in 8flavahs goes to Moanalua high school I go to moanalua too!
hey man I need to get you some gear while your in town let me know when your around!
The only thing good about fasting for a doctor's appt tomorrow morning is that I'm going to #chickfila right after for breakfast.
Or one source w/ sense of humor RT : It appears Bloomberg and Reuters are talking to different sources about Facebook IPO
It's Friday. STFU. :)
just started myself, one can get hungry quickly staring at those pictures
Tim Duncan is looking like a MASTER out there.
Blessed behind Measure. I am so Blessed. Thank You Lord for all you have done for me and mines.
Call your radio station an request 11:11 by !!!!
The beginning is the most important part of the work. Plato
Hungry too. I haven't eaten ANYTHING but cereal since the morn
Prime Minister of Zimbabwe is apparently in the Tribune Tower. Secret Service guys don't think my jokes are funny.
Bout to start this 30 day challenge (tomorrow) ...Vegetarian, I am now!!! Let the starvation begin <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Thank you for the shout out!
What gauge do my ears need to be for me to wear spikes hollow enough for a few joints and can it be done in one day? Got a flight to catch!
your aren't too bad to look at yourself
Ninja status (;
I'm a big time travel/alternate reality fan.
Some still not 100% but hope to be soon!
*Stands up and raises arms in white suit from Bruce Almighty* The night.... awaits you....*Creeper grin*
I'm not ready 2 give up bc kids & families need us to keep saying this is wrong!
whats good bro
my current walk to your apartment is 11 minutes. My future walk to your apt will be 8 minutes. You win. Though really we all do
RT , Cnn reporting from "Kill Devil Hills," SC. Trying to create #hysteria?
THURSDAY THURSDAY GOTTA GET DOWN ON THURSDAY!!
figured I tweet about you before Canada steals your ability to use any social network.
Wanna Ouija Board
i dont think i could live without skittles!!!!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 23
I think sprint has an outage, so I'll just wait this one out lol
Thanks, lady- we sure are excited!
We need to give more intellectual property information to the consumers -Helene Faussart
hi Evan :D
I've been commissioned to rap. You're gonna want to hear this.
nice going, looks good we have to log some miles one day or days.
congrats on the tweet From sterling :)
Why should you never invite a pig to join your tug-of-war team? Pigs want to be pulled through the mudhole.
Oh my! Well there are only so many posts out there and everyone wants them :S Start a blog maybe? Can't hurt your chances
My aunt made Amazing Guacamole dip !!!!! It's Tasteful
d wade like 6 3 in real life..u have a 6'9 mvp n u chose wade to drive?? we have to stop pretending this wade team
What uh... what? What is this?
Ha, its funny that Baylor fans have short term memory and forget they were the doormat of the #Big12 for DECADES.
Just had flashback & saw Phil Rubio on Colbert Report advocating for saving the
Do you play all of these steam plays? Thanks a bunch!!
learning how to use for ....such an awesome service
toilet . Idk why
Trying not cause a stir with my incessant coughing. Sorry, studious people.
feeling a little rough. hopefully it's nothing a mcdonald's breakfast and orange juice can't heal.
But seriously #MyFavoriteTheWeekndSongs would probably be "The Party & the After Party", "Coming Down", "Gone", & "XO/The Host".
I don't want the whole world, the sun the moon & all their light. I just want to be the only girl you love for all your life.
Enjoying the melodies of my favorite local artists and delicious local food
thanks for the follow - love your website!
haha okay! Well what are you SB plans? Just text!
putting together a package for the March of Dimes Sig Chef Auction next month. pedal+beer+food. should be good!
Your imperfections, is what makes who you are.
Just take it one day at a time, one pound at a time. Think how much better you will look and feel for your holiday. :-)
I'm an instant star. Just add water and stir." - David Bowie
Zap i was in a place below 70 degrees
you guys were AWESOME at coachella. Told all my friends about you when I got back
The warning signs at the parking lot by the MAT building at #UWT are funny. Who's actually going to read all of that *before* parking.
When people don't even add sauce...
PREP is expanding! We look forward to working w/ to support parents and children in #arlington VA!
"It's hard to stay mad when there's so much beauty in the world"
#ff Thanks for the retweets and mentions!
Day in the life
When you get your first job as a video game tester, you will be known as a beta tester
The award for most fun band at on Sunday goes to Friendly Fires! So much energy!
hahahaha, I won't be ther Monday I got baseball banquet
look at ur txt messages
I assume too late to suspend Shaw at this point. Had 3 days and can't change lineup at this point.
Rescuer dropped from helicopter off manhattan beach pier
Anyone ever had your windshield replaced? How long am I supposed to leave the tape on?
are you going to make a new record soon i really like youre voice
dm me than cause i get that on here <WeMissAustin!>
You know some shit is going down when your mom calls you and says that she needs to talk to everybody
Oh dear God. No. Lol “: Fifty Shades of Grey conversation going on in the office... have you read it?”
Job security: calling my boss and posing as a problematic customer so he'll realize he still needs me while I'm on vacation.
Aye where & track? Im tryna hear it asap!
Confucius Say Even a fish can escape being caught, if it keeps its mouth shut
"Writing is easy: All you do is sit staring at a blank sheet of paper until drops of blood form on your forehead." (Gene Fowler)
He made us drinks to drink , we drunkem ' got Drunk !! ((:
Yeah, that came off a little more rude than I thought when I typed.
Thank you! RT : We met a ton of great neighborhood ppl tonight.Many thanks #WickerPark for a great evening.
God doesn't love the Lakers RT : Lakers for the love of God... please. just win this.
Check out our friends at www.mirrormascots.com
In #london #UK for a few days... #qrcodes are popping up in pubs and everywhere - on par w many #American mega-cities!
Happiness is bad for fine lines.
For every Lotus Sanctuary special you retweet in May you'll be entered into a drawing for a FREE 90 Minute Tuina appt. Who needs my elbows?
Who's excited to hear #sugarrush on Wednesday?! put so much work into this song, and it shows! You all will love it!
my wife might be of use ;)
Lovely visit to the Downtown Albuquerque B&B! The innkeepers had such vision for bringing the historic properties to life. #Frommer's
you just got crossed off my list
What?! Why yes. Yes I should.
IKEA TIME BITCHES
Seattle is cold n rainy. uggh
Trying to convert an XML doc from UTF-8 hexadecimal to decimal character encoding (for text mining w/French diacritical characters). Advice?
No, I'm RTing from Paleofx conference tweets, wasn't there unfortunately but need to look into it! I find that interesting too
very nice!
Watching the new movie #Journey2 :)
#np Reflection Eternal - Talib Kweli and DJ Hi-Tek. Not cause we're closed, but because it's damn good.
Keep close tabs on Chris - turns wild when he hits the hooch, we're told!
i cant help but waiit
thanks for doing my hair! Girl time was much needed last night... Again tonight!
thanks girl <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
get stoked, it'll be EPIC!
just watched it the other day, brilliant movie! Really gotta get the soundtrack too. :)
I used to be so pathetic 3 years ago. I'm glad I learned from those past mistakes.
Uniforms? Like a printed tee with your business name, logo, and number on it? Yes, you need them.. and we sell them cheap.
RT : Thanks to everyone who came out to support Great turnout!
say something!
in complete denial that i have a final exam tomorrow.
Someone came at my door with flowers, thought it was for me. No, it was for my neighbor..
#Boonen will not start @ #amstelgoldrace this sunday. Just too tired from all the winning! Can you imagine riding over 150 miles in 1 day?
come on baby can we slow grind
There is nothing more important in any life than the constantly enjoyed presence of the Lord. W/o it we will make mistakes and be defeated.
It's bout to be nice this weekend. I may try to hit the beach on Sunday...
duly noted, carry on ...
Thanks. :P Like your nickname too. XDDD Nick. :P
Weekends give us time to refresh and re-energize ourselves! What will you do to prepare for the week ahead?
~ very nice to meet you -- love Roman Sandals.....looking forward to your tweets...DJ
or, let a bunch of ants in your house!
If you are an #airport, please turn the sound of the tvs in the gate. Or better yet: blow up your tv
That Diddy and Luda "Same D*** Time" remix is cold.
I'm still at odds with my self at which one of these kids will get the starting nod for this weekend.
Love when I'm interviewing ppl for blog posts and they give me 1 word answers for EVERYTHING....thanks dude. It'll be a great post.
First time holding a new born! Such a sweet little baby!! :)
I love all my friends mom <3 :')
You can preorder our album on bandcamp.com/SinatraDC please go check it out! And buy it :) only 4$!
I just told this bucket drummer that his drumming PAILS next to another guy's in Brooklyn. He didn't get it. Do YOU get puns?
Second that! Church!RT : One Chance.... that's all I need... that applies to anything...
Full af...i think I over ate
In the sheets u know I flip her like a 9 piece
Joe, thanks for the follow as well. That would be great. Let me know when you would like to chat.
Every success is built on the ability to do better than good enough.
We will be release our project by the end of June. We produced, and wrote every except for features but it's coming soon.
Gah, wake up up guys.
we are but dem just done lol nxt time I got u..
Love it! RT : I didn’t ask if you like it. I asked if the audience will.
boy u crazy LMAO of talking bout my boo boo lol!!!
and looking forward to riding Mt. Lemmon!
#EarthDayFilms Terminator 2: Judgment Earth Day, The Remains of the Earth Day, Bad Earth Day at Black Rock
...didn't even know abt them until I read abt hotdish on Wikipedia. Clearly I am not a midwesterner.
Also on today's show, a TX State Rep whose financial approach to prison reform could help end overcrowding, changing lives and saving money.
Thank you!
can't wait to export it to word press on Friday :)
i kinda was they dont like me. they all dont
yeah it was we split one together :)
Who's shopping? Help a Tiger out - Share your Cyber Monday deals on the #RIT hash tag!
Best deals in education Going back to school can be cheaper than you think, with a wealth of free online courses to choose from and an ea
You guys I'm basically the Mayor of New York now.
its my mom's, I've been trying to snag it from her for the longest
RT : Don't miss Steve James's The Interrupters at 8.30pm. Winner Best Int Feature and Best Int Director at DocEdge 2012....
Why do weekends always go by so fast compared to the weekdays? If weekdays went by as fast as weekends I wouldn't mind going to school...
I guess going to almost every Yanks game in Baltimore as well as having been to Yankee Stadium doesn't qualify me as a Yanks fan?
Don't miss the donut by looking through the hole...
yeah pretty good besides the people... lol
EVERYONE FOLLOW SHE FOLLOWS BACK!! will you guys do f4f with herr?
#interviewtip Dec Grad Edition: make sure that u have ur email address on ur resume If a recruiter cant get u on the phone, they can email u
"Agile has really evolved from small teams, colocated, to big companies... closely tied is increased automation." Randy DeFauw
Telling you people there's a great music scene coming out of place. ~MAMA COCO'S FUNKY KITCHEN~for all your recording needs
Really glad and I just figured out how to turn our phones in to walkie talkies. The world may end.
#CELTICS all day baby
Quoting : There's always room for shake shack.
They didn't want the possibility of you slacking off bc of an easy course load! ;)
#DASER Borgia "what we see on bowerbird bowers r things that look artsy...pods, oranges, spoons, leaves...an amazing set of decorations."
Ready to bounce
This time it was MTV's doings, but he's not the only one in the episode. It has other people too lol
Is there a social site where I can recommend and get recommendations on *anything*?
For anyone that was interested in coming the shows at Mo Doggies were cancelled.
It is HILARIOUS. Definitely made my morning.
A burrito is a sleeping bag for ground beef!
thanks for the response. For some reason I feel like you didn't do it last yr. Anyway keep up the great work!
No school
Good morning to my tweet-heart! RT : Good morning
By organizing a surprise visit from and Mark here made me an absolutely wonderful emotional late birthday present.
Saw Pax, Josh, and CJ who all got Brewers ties; Buss, Prinzi, and a few of their friends. And met some new people. Successful first day!
I think Cie Grant put that hit on Wilson to clinch the game for the Buckeyes.
Road trip to Tennessee this summer.<3
Yumm!!! Thanks Jamie. How to make a delicious lamb marinade, Part 2: via
Women sometimes aren't as open with other women in terms of professional contacts...but it's getting better.
Thanks! Glad we could make it, it was a great show.
Tonight The Melismatics with Techtonic Movement and Full Speed Veronica at Low Spirits in Albuquerque, NM
some say stubborn, I say tenacious :-)
we will take it off your hands
i like! i like!
Cee Lo Green discovering a new low in his career, singing with a cadaver.
BRUINS! 7pm! Going to the game? Stop in for some food & drinks! Not going to the game? Watch it with us!
Mon., July 19. Gather at central library. 1st Mon. that libraries n LA r closed on non-holiday in 136 yrs. 9:30am!
Sometimes you go to the gym after two weeks of not working out to run on the track, take a look the treadmills, then hop onto an elliptical.
Interesting to see the U.S. House reject a balanced budget amendment today.
Doing a show this Thursday night in East Nashville at Charlie Bobs - 7pm
Mexican Recipes for Kids Kids love Mexican food, but you don't have to go out to get good Mexican fare. These easy Mexican recipes will t
A revolution to replace capitalism with another monstrous system? The revolution needs to be daily: r own commitment 2 love.
& a muffukka a NEVER see me down. gave my ma and both my grandmas $100 a piece & still got a gwap ! hate i gotta pay insurance though! lol
is your steam not working? I can't seem to get anything on the mobile app or over the internet
When i flow It's no lie, like I'm under oath. Patron or goose kinda night? Shit I'm getting both.
35 degrees in NC, we aint in Florida anymore
We should be #Spreecasting all these dinner conversations
Pool party
Don't tell me I can't do it just because you can't.
In Camden, NJ today! Can't wait to finally see ! Playing the skull candy stage @ 4:30 today see you there!
Getting my free pancakes from I-hop with mr Mazda
awesome class today! i heart yoga. a lot.
So...What has been your favorite interview?
I'm two tables behind you on the right
I'm continually disappointed with the one we use. Open to trying anything.
The brother of the man fatally stabbed yesterday on an RTD bus talks to me about what he says really happened on #9News at 4 and 5p
many people got put on so easy brag and act like they the greatest. be thankful you got put on, cause your not that talented. #?donelately
But not out of the realm of the possible.
thanks for following! Now it's time to Party....Free IPad 3 style...interested?
Geez, I missed a lot during my morning commute to work. Can't wait to watch Unscripted on my phone during lunch, lol
crap, must have missed that rule in the orientation pamphlet... and missed the memo in your 10000 tweets the last few days
I know man, I'm getting tired of baseball already. How's the kids?
no estaba era u.u
Living the dream! What's new on your planet?
Brown Center Report Part II: The Main NAEP consistently reports larger SES achievement gaps than the Long Term Trend NAEP.
A big Thank You to all those who have followed me on Twitter these past many months....
heh, pardon the 2 tweets...left out a very important apostrophe-T!
Follow me <3 im a big fan of One Direction <3 and i LOVE YOU :DD please follow me i will be really happy :)
Nick Johnson = wasted roster space.
Thank you for adding the export to PDF and email functions into GA's new interface!!
got ya, i will pass the message along to chris - what specifically is the problem
that shit was funny as fuck!
Suh is such a bag of shit. Always dirty
Just tapped Epic's Bottom of the Sea Gose.
World&#39;s Largest &#39;Fossil Forest&#39; Found In US
It's , thank you!
that has been my favorite song since I first heard it.
probably about 400
hackers? must b popular.
I don't even know you!
it's so smooth C.J.!!! Lol
of course
: sorry for my silence... i'm still grinding
guess she won't be needing templates?
2 more fucking weeks and I'm out of this damn hell hole .
this #thankfulThurs I am thankful for nasal decongestant... having a cold is no fun!
Even more #awesome RT We've got 3 that have come back to continue their respective projects
: ( RT : Layoffs approved. SD board of ed votes 5-0. This means 1633 jobs cut.
I might be among the luckiest, though -- for 20 of my 38 years.
I'M PLAYIN YOUR MUSIC AS I TWEET, REPPIN HARD 4 THA D. (DETROIT)!!!!!
SWSX tonight Silent Disco is the last night 10pm-Sunrise going out in style
boo :( That sucks.
After I followed you, Twitter suggested I might also like "Porn Sluts" and "Clorox Bleach"
Hi. I miss you more. You'll be home soon. Woohoo!!! Can't wait =)
Man I still love that Brett Favre.
Great job boys. Keep on rockin
this fc smell is starting to make me feel nauseous..
i think you should announce #MahoneToTheUK soon?
life a gay boy:/
is the only the 12th person ever to appear on the #SportsIllustrated cover two weeks in a row
folks are going Hemi at the
Fridays are always better when there are dogs and donuts in the office. WIN!
the hell you doing
Fucking broke my turtle beach headset...
made the mistake of checking email after Islamic call to prayer woke me up this morning. No going back to sleep after that.....
Very interesting & useful. What is the source of this research? RT 6 exposures over 30 days leads to 90% retention.
I can catch the drift of you , fuck you fooling . *Moretwitter,everybodygoingontwitter . smh
Just enjoyed a nice dinner at Willie G's in Denver, highly recommended.
“: Who does everyone have tonight? #SuperBowl #gogiants” I hope the pats only so NY fans get to see 2 losses today
Aw yeah.... got things cookin'!! Feeling good. :-)
Why is it every time people try to help me with vocals they always end up making things worse or old country folk sounding :/
#amysenser #kony #powerfulfireworks approved. All coming in the next half hour on
Happy new year!
So my grandma told me that she once went to #Culvers and she got a senior discount when she bought the kid's meal. Talk about #awkward haha
Party party party
Never a dull moment at the Walgreens on 16th & Meridian.
Some women have it real hard. It must be exhausting putting makeup on two faces every morning.
saw get her claws on a boy. never seen anything like it in my life.
. A budget PPT (PDF) file posted as a "video" .wmv on the web site? Really? Not even a narrated version of PPT?
Who going to the game against Detroit next Saturday?
Yup, but it's ok...It's not like I'm gone all day tomorOh wait, I am... Luckily, for the students, it's my work weekend.
coffee, tea--make up your mind, Yale Press!
My neighborhood parish school, St Bridget's is officially closing, leaving East Falls with little school choice.
Hi, definitely add me, Angela. Your blog makes me miss fun days in Seattle. Eat oysters now; will be gone soon a/c floods.
this is one helluva study hall
Wow son ran over his father and killed him
So Erik Bedard you saw that coming a mile away right? Well, as long as he isn't being served before games he's good.
The Parking Lot Movie shows today! Newcomb Hall, University of Virginia 4pm $5
No sir, thank you!
LETS GO #PATRIOTS!!!!!
why do you need a new twitter!?!?
Found out a friend is getting a divorce. She was just married a few years ago. Life isn't like the fairy tales. No happily ever after.
i just slept the whole day.
You made the choice to stay and not go to sleep! So I didn't ruin anything.
Struck up a conversation wth a gentleman at Starbucks who retired from teaching at AU—and made room for my job there next year. Small world!
Happy Mothers Day to all of the wonderful and beautiful moms :) Especially love you!
Foodlife is my jam!
i have j freeman and flacco at qb just got offered this trade. Big ben and mendenhall for turner. I get mend and ben.Thoughts?
Absolutely not.
“: well what do we have to do to make it happen!!” hm..You get the idea to have 200 retweets, I'll call and ask. Deal?
Marshall Goldsmith taking stage for 300 in audience at
you're the best but I promise you I'm good (; ily lots thank you doe!
Thanks for the support! RT : is following me! I freakin' LOVE Serve! (and so should you.) :}
lol yes I'm currently jumping for joy
I can believe I am still up considering I half to serve my 3rd detetion so one more and by by school for a day and so on I hate it cuz it's
Healthy lunch and nice Saturday afternoon shopping at farmer's market in Coconut Grove :)
Tweet #RevolutionSaturdays and have a chance to win a FREE BOTTLE this Saturday for the launch of our new event.
Very true, very true. I suppose I only recognize it with 'the' attached!
As long as your mother loves, dont ever love a women.
Professional Days.
Need to get all those old business papers shredded? or scanned? #oceanside #eastlake #ptloma #sandiego #oceanside #university city...
Congrats to ! A great addition to the Horns. Gonna be a special player.
Running in the beautiful #Washington rain and hail, them sharing the #Isagenix opportunity with friends later
You're only... what... 6 hours driving apart? :) I'm like... 3 days away... man America is big
Teams making moves in power ranking: Det(up 3) Was(up 5).. Ari(down 15) Indy(down 4) .. Check the page for full list
And the Packers are now the Super Bowl favorite!!
hello summer and senior year!!
Its my party dance if I want to we can go crazy let it all out!
my work gloves
#OomfNeedsTo be mine again..
you really should get home soon so you can call me, watching movies alone:(
Hey early congrats to you on your wedding!
Man that #sharktank episode had me worked up, lol. I'm a branding geek, what can I say?
No matter what... I still love you.
When I have to work so early on a saturday morning, learning that #Starbucks has the pumpkin spice latte back almost makes it all worth it!
Just landed in Boston!
Do-it-yourself Jihadist nabbed! Here's tip: when purchasing pipe bomb fixin's, don't use credit card issued by 1st National Bank of Tehran.
": Today was my last day doing everything.. Last day going to school and riding the school bus" • :(
Congratulations to you and the team. Well deserved!!
Ilove my fans n my haters they make me better at what im doing..
Heading down for dinner...Have a great one no matter where you are!!!
Why force me to come to school if I'm gonna sleep here the Same way I sleep at home!!”
I'm anxious to see Marvel's The Avengers.
Name ideas for kid 3? Need 'em September-ish.
"Let them make me a sanctuary; that I may dwell among them."~Exodus 25:8
THE AVENGERS completely lived up to the hype. What a really fun & kick ass film!!
Time to chill, play me some Deus Ex, and listen to bfmv.
ollege is hell when you are just going back to school after 4 years and studying what i am. its also a great why to pick up girls i think.
if you can't say something nice about somebody, don't say anything at all. Now apply it other
IT ALWAYS RAINS ON MY BIRTHDAY!! EVERY FREAKIN YEAR!!
Who likes to b random
i only said lol becuz i wanted to
“We either make ourselves miserable or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.” – Carlos Castaneda...
Want new people to text..the people in my phone are borinng -__-
So great to get introduced to your fiddle tonight!
Good day
omg nggas is real life fags
Bury me at sea Where no murdered ghost can haunt me If I rock upon the waves No corpse shall lie upon me
#attention #Orlando Business if you would like to push your business to the next level and get more customers. Contact us for more info
Anytime!! RT We as a staff want to thank you as well. This will benefit the kids in many different ways.
FEMA's soliciting feedback on President’s FY13 Budget for new National Preparedness Grant Program (NPGP). Send comments .gov
hahaha thanks I love my job. Wish it was game time tomorrow already!
Come on man...AC/DC For Those About To Rock.
.it has a little since then.
Love it - thanks for sharing, Will! How's the search going?
It's a iPod not a usPod I don't have to let you borrow it if I don't want to.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
from , the people who brought you lebronsturbation and then the tebowner... jeremylingus!
I just voted for Bucky Lasek for
New phone, new numbers? :D Message me.
So nice to see so many students on campus at #UMBC today!
look good, feel good, play good, they pay good
Belichick is going to go all hood up, Emperor Palpatine-style in the 2nd half. Lucas will re-release pics next year in 3D.
Happy birthday sophiaa<(
Thank you! Have a great day. :) RT : What a HOT Mama! :) Have a great day wit loved ones!
I hate being woken up before 12.
Follow our friends and at www.focusrally.com - they are currently in 1st place!
I see
Just got one direction tickets? Row a? What is air?!
We need some big time #HitchcockMagic here.
@ invitational h.s. swim meet. son Ben just came in 1st in his 50 freestyle heat.
Your being real optimistic lol alot of Laker Fans are in Panic Mode already
for the win!
[susan sontag] unsure if C were cancer or vitamin
cant wait to hear this new album :)
With the parents eating tasty fish.
i followed (: !
Stay tuned for some exciting news! :)
Martin Fraquhar Tupper~ Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech.
Ooh I got to use the Effin bathroom
Bars, beers, then the bulls game
Happy New Year!
gm how u doing?
D'uh bro! Vinnie Vegas rocked that shit! actually referenced his role as Super Shredder on RAW a few months back.
omg your so pretty im jealous :$
Never underestimate your power to change yourself; never overestimate your power to change others. ~Dr. Wayne Dyer
Thanks a bunch!
I can't help wondering whether the savings will exceed the amount AA is spending on staff and lawyers
New business cards are legit!
In life the hardest decisions to make are usually the best ones you'll make!
That's priceless! I'm hopeful that my girls find lifetime benifits in it....It's cost enough..lol. Anything for the kids!
Used for 4 years, k cool. Now its done
Up up and away
Im team follow back! Follows me! FOLLOW ME!
What a great friend you were... Right!
Talent is great...teachability is better.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand the people from my school.
Blessings to all...... on this fine day!
haters will still be watching to see how she does #britneybringsinthe$$
Bunny Bunny!
I've got a new dance move that I want to show off
enjoy your show!
you too Tyler!(:
I should be droppin a new video today and its a big move that we making
give her a huge hug lol
Whatever i did i dont deserve this so sorry for whatever i did
Don't quit - Switch!
In 14 More days...I'll have the Honor of becoming an Ordained Minister..I'll be a Healing Minister ...What a Blessing for me and My Ministry
LAME NIGGAS BE QUIET
What do you guys think of the draft for the #Chargers so far?
Are you going to Illinois?
We can hope!
Lol you funny
Totally agree! I Hope they execute his ass!
alright its Dday, you know what that means. i want to see your ass out at the show. going to get crazy and even whats in store tonight. hit
2 chainz an champagne, you want true that's true enough
Congratulations Rob & Shannon, ur in Renegades courtesy of The Chicks....enjoy ur night!!!!!!
or even better.. left over taco day! when they gave u 3 instead of 2 ahhhahahaha
only if you write me songs about unicorns and death
yo a lady came into the limited and told me spent 400 on her eyelashes...
yes ma'am!! and you're pretty amazing yourself ;-)
We hope you all are enjoying your Thanksgiving week and our contest for FREE gear! www.UmeusCloth.com // Authentic Streetwear RT
So tired , ah
thanks for the RT regarding World History Tournament
Switched from to to listen to Pres Obama's speech at
coming for u
Not feeling this ap stats test today!! But ready to move into my new crib!!
LOVE never fails.
I love hearing the sound of #oomf voice on the other end of my phone. Makes my day :)
Tonight we say goodbye to Stay. Our favorite late night spot is closing. Join ChiIL productions tonight for one crazy goodbye!
drinking beer
Someone visit me at hofstra and keep me company..... Oh and bring some drinks :)
Yes, we sure do! Have a fantastic day. We have an amazing community, don't we?
Check out Antonia Parker Quartet Tonight I 9PM I $15 I
I should make some congratulatory phone calls after Texas' come-from-behind 1-point win at home over an unranked opponent.
So i don't give a fuck about your dumbass. You don't want me? I'll find someone that does. :) fuck you.
Why is squid word so mad?
Scotty's Lakehouse is worth the drive - especially bc Fall Creek Rd./ Geist Reservoir are amazing places to see in May.
1 - you are Australian 2 - you are a writer 3 - does your writing have an accent? 4 - that's bad American humor :)
Only appropriate song to listen to while doing #taxes... - Listening to “C.R.E.A.M.” by Wu-Tang Clan <U+266B>
Going to Kelly's house
I just wanna break you down so badly in the worst way.
Bet RT : Meeting this week k , w/ Luq !
Hugs whatcha doin tonight,oh your probably working.Hope your evening is well
if caterers were treated like musicians, you'd hear "hey, i dont even need you guys, i could buy a crate of bagel bites for 1/10 the price!"
Hooray to both tweets. :)
I hear has elected a new board: Congrats to , , Alex! Also, and ! (-:
I ain't on it homie
Successful kid napping, I mean adult napping Happy birthday Bon Bon!
stoked to see makeup monsters on the cover this week
more than anything I feel real sorry for that boy when he hits junior high....yikes
no nigga . I'm not talkin about him . I'm talkin about YOU . you don't text ME anymore -_-
This day just gets better and better
you're not the only one feeling it! #training has been at a standstill for me since last Thursday. I miss it.
I realize I don't know most of the people I follow on twitter so some random deleting is going to start!
Even Though It Was Cold As Fyck Outside, I Still Had An Ahmazing Night With :)
oh ill do my dare ok? HA! THAT'S WHY UR PHONE'S DEAD!!!!!!
My phone is BLOWING UP WITH TEXTS THANKS TO MY TWIN
I would trade with you quicker than a _____ trades a _____. See, I can't even think of anything. I need school.
I'm so sick of these storms!.
it's also music appreciation month
SXSW / WMC - Promoters/Organizers etc. We are currently lookin for any other open time slots @ any show/after/houseparty/pool.etc. hit me up
Yippee! Congrats Toni!
To remain relevant, do not wait. Jump in. Change is almost never embraced, so stop waiting for the right time. Abdullah
idk yet.... i wanna smoke
In need of a lunch break? We're serving Colcannon Cakes- Potato Griddlecakes with Kale, Bacon, Auld Cheddar, Fried Eggs & Herb Crème Fraiche
#rt if yhu need a qrown man yhu sick and tired of lil boys we wana explore more like hot oils and sex toys !!
"Al Qaeda Attack Plans Hidden In Porn Video" #huffpost Called "Pornance Of Arabia"
Now chants for Zack Rider crowd is yelling @ WWE
I didn't know studied theater for 4 years. You better do it! So much luv and respect.
Thank you so much for your work in the #arts ! The dancers here at thank you!
Job interview today at
Buenos Dias Everyone. Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
You rock, Ms. Hancock!
Fighting sleep so I can work on this record!! *runs away from sleep* <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
that's what she said?
Great having the team stop by today! Really looking forward to working on some interesting projects with them in the future.
wishing you the best! You got it!!
Luch should not be smoking around people. He scares me when he's high.. And Phil scares everyone when he's tired lol
it's lame! MKE needs a facelift in some ways. I love that city to death but let's make some positive imagery!
your mom.
no!! It smells like apples! Do you smell like skunk I think yes!!
Jammin to #earthwindandfire on the way to work bo for work on a sunny Saturday
How many of you want to be in a pendulum club with me? We could compare our pendulum answers.
yeah, of course lol. :p
A Few trudge out of the darkness because they want to:) Willing to go 2 any length to stay clean & #sober! I enjoyed your
Today is a good day if you are a bear; not so much if you are not.
Where did go?! I had such high hopes for him...
I love you very much!
Thanks so much Misti! It was great meeting you! Lovin your support :))
Girls who dance make my meat hard.
rock stars always know how to make an entrance & an exit. She lived it up in between
Jus got outta court wit the baby didn't even wanna leave
new kids at Wii Gaming today Such fun to watch how everyone interacts and helps others new to the games.These same kids read books, too. =)
Thanks for the RT, Pauline! Hope you're doing well =)
But she lookin threw me
which part of Harlem your from? :)
please play ZOMBIE tomorrow, PLEASE :)
Terrific website refresh from NFL.com, at least aesthetically.
When asked what they want/need, women offenders most frequently say safe housing & employment.
I'm as chill as a cucumber!
Working on unpacking from #NGS2012. Then meeting for #fgs2013 this afternoon.
Can't wait for the Blackhawks game tonight! The season better not end tonight for them. Let's beat the Coyotes boys!
cuz y'all gotta wait lol
Thank you! You have been RTd!
Yes please! You rocked the Table of Truth! RT : want to return to Seattle next Thursday and be on our #hackingedu TV show?
Will, will you stop calling it down...? We got this, I think...
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends.
Money & power is not a substitute for tenderness. Niether one will give you the feeling you want in your darkest times.
I'm all for it. Have you met ?
That remix of dropped at Veranda was sick, can't wait for more!!
How did you infer that from my comment? I specifically said Portland. This is squabble I like to avoid.
GOt a job in Washington DC. The wife and I are moving there this week so today was the last day.
Mainly the ones at my school.
I love you more today than yesterday
come on out!!! We are here at your service!!
2 WEEKS until the charity show at Hammerstein Ballroom!!! So lucky to have been invited. Can't wait!
That would work! We're finally doing something formally and I'm *really* excited to see the commitment and support
Shitty. After & 's #IWNY ladyblog panel, dude growls "Cutie" at me. After shooting him a look: "I mean, cute outfit"
i juss got these earphones && they broke already. -___-
I am almost out of boxes.....this is scary..I must have accumulated more shit in a year. Time to throw stuff away.
Only an idiot would believe that going to church justifies your wrong-doing for when you're not there.
okay darling <333
the scrabble dictionary is all kinda of jacked up, same with words with friends.
Come watch all of tonights hockey games live at www.watchnhllive.com just register and gain full access to all the links to the live games
play with ***
Thank you for the retweet!
You know you're at an #archives conference when your hotel room key is made of metal.
Whatever happened to that of wayne and santana album?
Very Soon!
Dessert. Orchard fritters, bourbon ice cream, currant coulis. Local tomatoes last 2 weeks....
graduating today ! Congrats
and where does the master find such toothbrush?
who. You daddy
he only likes it if he jumps in a puddle, he hates the rain getting in his eyes.lol
I put our names together in the search box to find the Old Us!
The real secret of success is enthusiasm. — Walter Chrysler ll RT RT
was singing new money in art class
Do you think Austin has good musicians/bands to offer? Tell us who you think they are...
yea i love u buddy
Enjoyed it Coach. It's now an annual event.
got Sunderland to finish top 10 - 100quids & 200 on #MUFC for title
A pleasure hanging with Jake Plummer this morning.
ugh i hate this computer
*sigh* , living the single life. :/
Please go to In-N -Out for me and get a #2 with grilled onions, fries well-done, and a Dr. Pepper. Thanks.
heard doors slamming then a cat crying as if it got murdered outside I'm scared I dnt know wat to do go see wat happened or stay
u go girl!! Good luck!!
Two sick boys lots of medicine for them and coffee for me
You're too sweet, Janna! And definitely, GO SPARTANS! How much did you LOVE our bowl game?! Amazing!
Is that a bad thing? It's delicious on red potatoes! RT : "dill is the working class spice"
Great work by outgoing MSCHE chair Dr. Michael Middaugh on keeping msche current, relevant, & sustainable. A great communicator!
that's right, i forgot about that. i bet he hits a home run lol
thanks! I always have a wonderful time at Gold Cup!
A2: Under Armour, Nike, and Adidas seem to have all driven some type of conversation around their new jerseys
Did she just "K" me........thts how wars starts and kids get too missing...
There is a metal bar hanging in the air. It is a gorgeous thing in its simplicity.
old school music while cleaning >>
I already miss my 1st block and twitterless destiny wilson.
He's a lot of fun. He's two years old and has blue eyes and perpetually green stained mouth lol
everything going great. Gonna have to do a collabo project with u in the near future you dig.
your making me wanna listen to waiting outside the lines<3
Congrats to Scotty Walker! Based on signatures collected for the recall election, gonna be one less public sector job in Wisconsin -- HIS.
Fun! Have a safe trip!
summer lovin had me a blast, summer lovin' happened so fast
so how are you?
more #4bmore youth leader, ambassador, and #p2p make happener
hope you have a good one. I'm going to get some seats for you guys for may 18
Happy Mothers Day to my hotness of a Wife Thank you for our 3 babies!! I love you!!
Had a difficult month
I love your twitter picture :) miss you this weekend!
i know. they betta not do it then claim they were drunk. didnt ivy slay "i'm going down."
Horrific! RT : When I die I want someone to prop my arm up out of my casket so I can high five all my friends.....
biebers about to be on MTV :))
se que :D
#birdiegang went hard tonight! Thanks to everyone who came to see Bye Bye Birdie!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> Last show is tomorrow afternoon at 2!!
hope the Lord is blessing yall's day :))
Video goes up Monday. what did she say about her new album? when is the interview airing?
RT The forever-beautiful Michelle Pfeiffer was gifted Orlane products @ the Dark Shadows! RT 4 a chance 2 win
I'd think that was cute if I hadn't been trying for an hour to get in to have reset errors :P
Thanks so much!!
happy mothers day to all the awesome, loving moms out there, including mine \o/ - and to the rotten ones: snap out of it. that is all.
Q5. As a Royal Monarch, what shall you proclaim as a Royal Holiday?
Dear Peyton Manning's neck, Go eff yourself!!!!! Sincerely, Fantasy Football Players.......
Ive got a couple dozen smokey bronze fennel seedlings that will need a home soon. They were my fav. plant of 2011 so I'm growing them 1st!
Thx WH “: Today President Obama begins an all-out push to make sure college loan rates don't double. #DontDoubleMyRate”
As you know, I'm always happy to spread the word about your fine work
Awesome sauce. Have downloaded any game apps yet?
Met w/ Amy to prep for a meeting w/ our editors & I’m now finishing up my dossier. (“Now” came out “not” when I first typed it—bad sign?)
you were my motivation during the mile run.. and a little help from
Can you download torrents? I'll send you the Pimsleur link & have you chatting "do Brasil" in 3 months.
Your as Klassy as those empty liquor bottles lined up in your kitchen!
Ok the season finale of Spartacus was incredible, just Awesome Steven deknight you are a dope writer best show on television
Feeling Good, Great, Etc., Etc...
Trying to be all cool and hip by using dried beans... News flash: they take for-fucking-ever!
lolol...u guys are a tripp
follow me
HAPPY NEW YEARS TO ALL!!! From:Rosetta Walker in LA what a great place to live....
Every closed eye is not sleeping, and every open eye is not seeing. - Bill Cosby
ok, that sounds like router broadcast name. Router login info we don't have, unless its our equip.
Good day goofing around in the yard after wolfing down some One Kine Grindz for lunch (go there MKE tweeps)
Have a great night, and good luck with your little one!
In the heart of Texas is Midland, Texas! We love our network there!
RT : NFL Draft and happy hour at Life is good.
I blame for my hangover 2day!? Good times last night but don't like the hang overs at all!? \m/
I'm going to Constitution Hall this evening to provide background vocals for Stephen Spielberg's "Lincoln"!
But im smart and i know how to play my cards and you can continue to live in ignorance and believe that i NEED you, causr I dont : )
I heart you :)
Back home in VT. Sing to me mother godess.
haha Doug you're so funny .
Retweet #VZWXTAB for a chance to win 2 Android tabs. Hopefully I win so I can give one to my girl for her Upcoming bday. + bluetooth stereos
Either way... I support
Mick Jagger to host Saturday Night Live
please follow me <3
All of those options on demand in one place? Now you're talking cloud or MSPs :)
Hard to tell from provided context because "one hundred and ONE HAVE" can be correct. [that zinger directed at nonfollower only 2 days late]
Hmm what's going on in this picture lol.
Time to celebrate with 2 valu meals from Taco Bell.
Good luck. Hope you settle.
What if it rains hard? Lol
I still love NY!
but your #uncontrollable!!!!! We could do the 3ssssss
the same research that says 40 min periods OS the optimum time to.learn anything. PD reinforces this notion. Go figure
Don't follow me just 2 unfollow me! That shit is DUMB!!! You've been unfollowed too :-)
This is so cute!!!!! I have to start reading history, too!!!!
I got hoes in different area codes.
Welcome, catwoman. than your owners for letting you talk through the computer. Meow.
I still love my blackberry..... Best phone for business...
gotta be rock n roll music if you wanna dance with me
*goes to check that out*
Yeah, I'm playing Wolfenstein 3D… and it is… awesome!
": Lolol I have some friends would like u! RT : Born A Scunt, Die A Scunt....A Muda-Scunt" - U Know How I Stay loll
The last day of the year 2011!
Did you ask questions? I'd be scared to tip our hand. Seems like it wouldn't benefit anyone especially the client.
Are you kidding me?
add Celebrity Apprentice 2 that mix & we're on! Rachel Khoo nvr tweeted me back :( I dont think she liked being called a "babe"
wtf is that
that was no quake... it was the founding fathers rolling over in their graves at the stupidity of tea-party infection in DC
Edcafes include food, right?
there's a karma police joke in there somewhere... ;-)
“: aw your so sweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> #loveyou” love you too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
#schoolmemories going "outside for class" but really doing whatever & our teacher gave us ice cream!
how fun! We just bought and are beginning the always fun moving process today!
why did u guys change the dlc playlist on tdm KC and Dom all in one u are forcing us 2 play modes we all don't play?
ouch. aa just kicked a guy out of 1st to accommodate my upgrade. (backstory - he had upgraded and left his family in coach. karma?)
If you like someone, #SaySomethin before someone else does.
Soory couldnt resist on that on
;) RT : thanks for the heads up!
thanks for the update! looking forward to it.
is that common for kitties?
Gah! I want to be running right now, but shin splits hurt!
Is that an official sub-brand of feminism? Because if its not, it should be.
Omg I love sam....like screaming causes hes so cute!
Unitarian support of religious establishment in Massachusetts in 1832 not just a default position
Philip Humber pitching against the Red Sox tonight, will he pitch yet another perfect game? What do you think?
You guys think that band 10 Inches of Blood found their name after visiting a sorority house whose times of the month had synced up?
xoxoxo i hate you lol say tht to someone on their birthday card haha
Hey guys ! :D
*Waves back* Hiya, how are you? :)
You're welcome :) XoX <U+2665> And thank you for the follow back :)
SAME. so you should DM me about that poster.
Sorry Tony, the Colts will complete the run at 0-16 and Luck is on their side.
DUH welcome to 2012
just because someone made it father than you, doesn't mean they're better than you.
Is giving a ball
I kinda like it. sure puts voter apathy in a different light.
One should wonder why The European Union doesn't force Greece out of the union. Like in the USA, the people w/$ pay for the non producers!
leave Jammie Fox Alone whats the deal with this Cirus chick ? why is the media compairing him to Imus Jamme is not a racist he is just funny
put your foot down!
F*** havin a Dip, I only want Him, nobody else <3
aye sis share me on instagram n stuff gotta get these followers up^^^^^
feels like poooooooooooooppppppp thank god there's no school tomorrow ^__^
can't wait to go to UK :)
Morning Twitter.
I want starbucks tomorrw morning but i dnt have time to go buy one :(
All the way hunty !
that word disgusts me. You know I would never say that.
Got a Barnes & nobles gift card for Xmas, going to use it tonight, any book suggestions?
The key element to maximizing a sales price is to expose it to the largest audience of buyers
Wearing my sister's shorts. Someone's getting an ass whoopin'.
Not playing da race card if troy Davis was white he still b alive
yes! I was just thinking that!
papa johns keeps sending me mail for "pizza mania" but I still have like a week until my mood shifts out of "pizza depression"
15 and I'm just really stressed.
New Sherlock in May! RT : Second of the modern "Sherlock" on KPBS San Diego tomorrow.
The Texas Rangers
A rig I have been using today. Works very well so far. Will post some clips tonight.
The translation of a German review for 'Das Luftballonfest' by Carolyn Haywood describes the book as 'project[ing] much optimism."
So guys, Tonya Harding or Nancy Kerrigan? Am I right fellas?
I'm just saying...
Watching Zimmerman bail hearing. Crazy.
I think you just summed up all of Joss Whedon's work in a single tweet.
Does this weather make everybody cranky or is it just me
Hey...I'm not the best at Twitter, so I missed these posts. Sorry about that and thanks for the support!
Wind-chills in the teens & 20s this AM. Blustery & cool. HIGH: 50. RED FLAG WARNING: High brush fire risk today. Wind: NW 10-25 MPH
“: basketball wives should just be called past basketball wives because #swear everyone is divorced from their bball player”<U+E10C>
Fans take note, after today the future of the #vikings in mn is in the hands of the speaker and majority leader.
they rep both NY and CT based talents.
Shahs to drop Anchor's oral care portfolio; Emami close to buying toothpaste brand - Economic Times
Anyone have tips on drawing sexy people? Gotta draw some Beefcakes, and I don't want it to look like they're drawn by a 12 year old.
Package also included solar book light he bought as surprise 4 me. If wasn't afraid of certain tumblr, I'd use sarcastic hashtag.
I haven't read it yet either. It's now become a point of pride.
Great conversation with Lisa Ehlke today about What a great agency environment!
hopefully the thunder loose hahaha
Watching Grease, and realizing I did this show freshman year and now it's senior year.
Follow me I will follow u...vise versa....
Congrats Ryan Braun! How lucky is Wisco to have guys like Braun and ARodg as the future of our teams?
Time for Dale to race his way in
As a public service, the Golden Globe red carpet show will be aired without audio.
Happy Mother's day to Kate Hudson.
omg I'm watching them on Nick right now! I still cry.
BRAND NEW EFFIN VERSE OF THE WEEK UP NOW!!! I went in over Rack City!!! You know what it is!!!! M.E.A.N. Armada!!
i love the playoffs more than march madness
in other words, Actual Larry Summers
Not giving up...
famousquotes: why are you trying hard to fit in? When you were born to stand out!
How about #www.workforbooks.com#www.workforbooks.com#www.workforbooks.com? Still nothing? Where's the Twitter manual? I need a Glossary!
we only have salads because we "have" to as a downtown lunch spot. No healthy salads here...
Do you have the best of both worlds Gusgus?
lol, that's his money babe
1st birthday treat of the day McDonalds Coffee...I'm addicted and loving it!
Remember that song that goes 'Push, push in the bush!'. I've been quilting all night and keep singing 'Stitch, stitch in the ditch!'
tell money I'm in the jean suit and grey uptowns
Happy Earth Day. Turn it Green. Beautiful sunny AM in Chicago.
Whoa, totally right! RT . is really killing it tonight with his tweets
Still up
always a good time for Tribe
No! That's awesome. Are you both in Pleasant Hill?
and play tomorrow night at at 10pm. If u care about ur children, then youll be there. We have comps!!
Also Will Farrell speaking Spanish The entire time in a movie. That sounds ridiculous! Apparently it's a parody of Mexican films.
Why is he out of bed????
awww thank you ! I haven't heard that in a long time <3
#NYC come out to Gallerybar NYC for some dirty house music from
"your patron privileges have expired." sad words from the library of my most recent alma mater.
I have to pretend to grade papers for tomorrow's workshop, so I'm replicating conditions by drinking and going without sleep.
interesting model - i haven't seen this curated idea digitally with books - but i don't see publishing here. am i missing something?
is bringing the sexy
I did. Thanks
The viking of disapproval is looking in your direction.
There is nothing noble about being superior to some other man. The true nobility is in being superior to your previous self.
Aaaaannnndddd I'm there!!!
Calgary for about a month..
no. Holding down the home front. You'll have to cheer him on for me. :)
excited nasa langley is embracing social technology!
You know better than that. Remember what happens to this team in close games.
haha fuck yeah this shows funny as hell !
#Breakfast didn't fill me up, what's a good #midmorning #snack?
What do you do at Universal?
At Politic365 reception in DC listening to parents of #TrayvonMartin speak about justice for their son.
Remaining tickets available at the door tonight, 7:30pm, $18!!! Don't miss this show!!!
Yep, that's the one Derek and I went to the meeting about. :(
I checked your daily top story two words sums it up interesting & awesome!
“When u face adversity, u need to remind yourself that whatever is trying to defeat u could... be what God will use to promote u.”-J. O.
give me 3 more!
i look high today.
Spanish trip to justo lamas concert with Spanish club....
Have fun!
RT #quote 'just because lots of people like your status' doesn't mean you have lots of friends'
that's everyday. Not the last day Of school.
Sounds beautiful. Kudos to the singers, director, and architect! cc
That awkward moment when you find out your school has ticks...
puppy coddles???
Celebrity Apprentice's Paul Teutul is the man! His other show kind of makes him out to be a dick. Senior FTW.
The christmas music has begun!!
Food poverty affects American seniors
you make a great Franki, but ur an even better Rick!
Lol lol RT : you and the outfit you had on in your last video!...m :-)
Wow - The avg. American takes in the same quantity of information per year as it took our ancestors 100 years to absorb in the 17th century
of course! VIP for the Orlando, FL show 8/2. Bought VIP just to meet YOU. =)
nothing better than being in the gym by myself.. just me the ball and the court.. i miss the game
i punish myself by not eating
Ships worldwide! W.TheArtPlant.com
Yep if you are gonna be ridiculous & want people fired at least have the sense to go all the way.
I have plans Thursday, bummer. I'm planning on the next You?
YES OMG PLZ
Went to to play some #poker and meet up with who's in town. He ended up on the business end of #quads on 1-2 NL. Aiya!!
Spanish homework:/
B_TCH EVERYONE IS GOING TO KNOW UR LAST NAME
#thingsthataresexy Girls with a hobby, chuck's, blue eyes and dark hair, vampire fans, being pale, angst without a cause, me, you, us, them.
Damn son RT : Mexican cornbread, fried pork chops, cabbage, macaroni, rice and yams. stop it. #good eating
If we get to 3000 likes by the may 18 show we will release a special acoustic song for your pleasure.
Awww Mitch Lucker I love your hair! It's adorable(: it looks very nice <3 :]
2 students have been working in Hollywood for only 6 months...shot with Michael Jordan and Salma Hayek!
I gave up and am having a blast
see you there soon!
#celebrating USA's independence with homework, #bbq, #fireworks, and oreo stuffed chocolate chip cookies. , these ones ROCK!
Hi Lisa, did you see the post on Facebook? If not, everything will be cleared up by Wednesday! Thank you for your patience!
Thanks for all of your insights Joseph!! Our connection alone has already amped up abilities. Connections made. Thank you!!
New nomination formula, eh? They're thinking Bridemaids? Seriously?
Which is why one should strive to be out in front. :)
I'm sayin, I'm sick of sitting at home. I'm tryin to go hambone
hey I'm gonna come over soon! I wanna see the puppy!
come see us for brunch! Yum. Mimosas!
Here's to the Directioners who don't just love the boys by only using their eyes, but also their ears and hearts.
cant wait for the game in a few weeks.... Til then it's time for
Not having to know what others are saying about you is an accomplishment that few people achieve. Be secure in who you are.
thanks, pal!
Watching #Win Ben Stein's Money and looking up the rules to legally change my middle name in Stockholm. #Benjamin #Batman #Conner ?
The Mariners & Tacoma Rainiers (A) were combined 1-for-56 yesterday (.018) Congratulations to Luis Jimenez, who had a single for Tacoma
no it's not you, it's me
Wait a minute - - I'm not busy. I am having a bed day. I can veg out on video games and documentaries. *Whoa*. haha
's country version of Mr. Know It All. #winning!
yes, downtown on the peninsula, was thinking king st grill
Build jumps in a field!!!:)
sweatergod...developed a mid range now niggas can't tell me shit
Thanks for your blog post about Kirby and referring to our Facebook page! We appreciate you telling his story!
you loved it and we all know it! ;)
And So To Bed hearts the Design District in Dallas
Does a Dothraki love his horse? Love that show. Great episode last night.
I can see why ESPN would not as it contradicts the "facts" to their original story, but why JS?
Hookah with the best friends!
S/O to City Year Milwaukee's Executive Director follow him!!!!!
What part of "express lane" do you not understand lady!?
hey bitch, yeah you. I found your nose. It was in my business again.
Best friend from fourth grade became a grandmother yesterday. Ho-hum.
Just totally different - what had Hillary done to answer the 3am phone call? It was a baseless charge. This isn't.
There's no such thing as quitting. Just sometimes there's a longer pause between relapses. Alan Moor
We R asking leaders in the fields of #sped, #autism and #behavior to #answer your #questions. Who would you like to hear from? What topic?
There is a Caps contingent about 20 strong standing along the glass on the Caps' end during warm-ups. Plenty of red here tonight.
I'm such an asshole
feeling all the fresh love, thanks for joining!!! :D
Shooting video at the #fedramp industry day at #gsa. Good crowd
hey babe. I wanna make up for all the calls you made. Skype?
I have no idea why I been listenin to this song all day, <U+E404><U+E403><U+E058><U+E407><U+E40E>
WORD SCRAMBLE WEDNESDAY: This film, out this Fri, was shot & takes place in Ohio, about a man getting a second chance in life. UHAKTOCCBA
Aww if it wasnt for work i would have gone with the guys. Miss bj and gio
All female. Just a lil split personality disorder!
Yup, already up on ITunes!
I i #appreciate you guys! RT : Great lunch!! Looking forward to the follow up ... thanks again Saif
HEY GROW UP!
We got Hamilton Co covered. Indy or surrounding, sure, we can rotate :) Want to email me?
Oh Bones, how I've missed you.
God fucking damn.. is it too much to ask to catch a fucking break?
You think I would know how to spell can I blame auto correct? Must be the water I'm drinking
I wonder what former players will be announced tomorrow as part of the Cougar Legends Weekend?
Its still day time over here.
Girl I'm not gon break yo party heart
Wouldn't be relevant if he hadn't said throughout 3000 years of recorded history marriage has ALWAYS been one man one woman
he is gonna win <3
you and me both
ill wear it every Tuesday (;
lol. Redman must be a huge fan od the Bristol Renisance Fair
No 2: the sound of someone clipping their nails.
Always hearing of new engagements! Especially during the holidays! Call to start your wedding ideas.
New cider will be available next week. Please email Jonathan through the website to reserve your case.
is my hero like Superman. I dreamt that he flew, grabbed me, and put me on his arms. <U+2665> love
thanks for the mention
Well, that does makes sense.
Soon to be #Coyotes Stanley Cups=1. Winnipeg Jets=0
bahahaha whitewalls.... forgot about that
Delta Air Lines unit to buy Trainer refinery south of Philadelphia to produce jet fuel for operations at LaGuardia and JFK.
Thanks! MT : Forester Rick Butler to plant dogwood, talk about tree planting at MOC-Appomattox for Arbor Day 2012. 4/27 at 1 PM
Thank you for all the love & support of our bands music and the
: Sure, but be prepared to receive pixs of my elementary school on Kadena AFB. And Okinawan slugs.
Scratch that, Saturday at 11pm
My UNiverse will Never be the Same, I'm Glad You Came, I'm Glad You Came!
Help us reach the 1000 follower milestone! RT or lend a
Also bought a pair of red pumps!
how are you gonna talk shit on my brother when my family isn't the one that abandoned me. at least he doesn't deny me.
Been good about not worrying this Lent (fine thru DH's campaign, money stress, etc.). But now our dog is sick. Hard not to worry.
I bet when I didn't show up u had dat I eat ass face lol jp
Airlift Medivac to Kodiac Air Base
Might be time to turn on the air-conditioner....
... Pouha says as far as DeVito's starting status with Coples here: "He's always there when you need him."
It is! Believe it or not, I live on busy 4 lane ST in Pasadena. But amble coverage from greenery which makes 4 perfect hideoutv:)
lol nope..i was writing
Allen allen .! Gregory:-)
Lindsey buckingham on right now. This dude can write and perform a hell of a song.
Let's get 10 likes on this and we'll show you some new merch.
RT : W&M #Democrats joined by 2 Republicans voted against transportation jobs bill that says won’t create jobs
Good Morning!
I'm just a little ray of sunshine. RT That tweet has already ruined my weekend.
which bus??
When people say you've changed take it as a compliment, changing is a part of life. If you're staying the same you're not really living
A valiant first effort!
I've been throwing hands in the hills my whole life
Or buy the Lana del Ray handbag?
send us a vocal video to us so we can see what you got!
Finding it near impossible to maintain relationships with old business contacts, partners and friends while on the road 4.5 days a week.
IT'S ONLY 10 O'CLOCK... WE'VE GOT ALL NIGHT
Both of my girls r gone, bout finish cookin 4 this party, then relax !!!!
I wonder how much popcorn will be sold over the course of #hungergames opening weekend.
Shindig #Tarot is the worlds first videochat service with a virtual reading room and online decks! Try us out at www.shindigtarot.com now.
i dont even know his name, but he's in wrestling and hes always walking with me :b
GTL. RT : What time do you think Rep. John Boehner got his spray tan today?
RT : Wake up! It'll take more than an obnoxious alarm clock to wake up those sleepy email subscribers. Reactivate them...
If you are a woman who looks like Danny Devito atleaaaast have a
It's here!!! Come see #TheLittleBlackTruck at #SactoMoFo!! We are here from 11-6 today!!!
Searching for inspiration. Anyone got any good tips or tricks?
AAAARRRGH!!! Another iPhone ruined by my chronic stigmata. I'm so sick of this!
That's my favorite quote. :)
If you're into subtle humor, you must see Sordid Lives ~ hilarious!
Happy 1st Day of Spring!!
We'll be at 's BizExpo on Thursday at the Potawatomi Bingo Casino Expo Center. Will you? Stop by booth 508 and say hi!
I hate you sometimes.
happy birthday Ralph Tresvant!
Hope everyone had a wonderful Easter Sunday!! :-)
Happy Labor Day! Sadly I'll be laboring until 10pm tonight.
": I had DeCastro going No. 11" So why did drop so much?
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 34
I put on my Nike Lunarlon running shoes today for the first time in forever. Why don't I wear these more often??
i dont think that talking is my first language
you would....
LeBron missed not 1 but TWO free throws under 40 seconds hhahhahah ...
Celebrating 1 yr anniversary using interactive touchscreens in sales offices! Blossom Grove in Carlsbad, CA kicked it off!
glad to hear i was part of the "good" part of the day :P
so happy today was the last day of new york state testing
Can't We Go On a Date First Before You Ask Me To Fuck You.
#HappyGirl “: Some things make me sad. Vodka isn't one of them.”
yeah I know, awww.
Jamming your finger with fake nails on is probably the equivalent to giving birth
lol of course
Received today: a gorgeous letter from !
oh I didn't know they scored before that, I just turned it on haha
Off and running at
Session 7 Media's Keith Bolling will be heading down to El Salvador. Stay tuned for some updates.
LOUD NOISES!!
thanks girl!!
well Silverstein did cover Kanye's song
It does but I am making changes and the future is bright :)
RT My last tweet was Waffle House viral video. Best music video ever
Love u btw! Just wanted 2 know where u got ur bracelets u were wearing w ryan furn shopping?
damn right ill come visit!
Friday is the best day.
where's it at?
really sorry to hear that. Did we make flight on time? Next time in Baltimore give us call for free ride. BaltTService
Aw, thanks.
yep i have a stalker...
Completely agree, shame
Christ you know it ain't easy!!!!
Please check your email- team needs your specific client update, as we discussed at the afternoon meeting. Will you send asap?
Derek fisher ulgy a'f for that shot -_-
your tweets are definitely making my day!
With my boyfriend watching TV, hella full he took me out to eat :)
Mayor Soglin says, " We are going to win."
just finished 80 thank you emails....fingers sore! No pain no gain :)
All them ladies in one spot working tha strip pole gotta open "BossHog Gentlemens Club". Lol
dominate today bloodbrother! Headshot those rain drops make them your bitch!
#thevoice Blake your wife is such a sweetie and you are blessed to have her
Too bad you don't see you are a tool in his/her tool box =\
Need wristbands for the weekend? If you're in #ATL stop by our office & pick up any standard style wristband @ 1369 Spring St before 5:30pm!
Good Night(: I love you..
Silly just as I expected
Thanks for the RT
Friends in Costa Rica call "Dead Mau Five". I think it's brilliant.
I am as adept to smelling bullshit as a shark is to smelling a drop of blood in the water.Keep your story straight. Be mindful of your words
A healthy digital economy?: Naturally there is the 'public good' in the wider sense of clearly positive externalities for the public ...
hey, do you know when you guys are gonna post the vid of our acoustic show?
Extremely bored :/
On my way to #TacoBel bitches.
how is brian i have not heard from him in forever? I still hate fl
RT : “You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.” – Les Brown
Thanks for the RT!
#skol is the fight song. Go get that 1st down then get a touchdown. Rock em', sock em' fight fight fight!
Hey hun! I've missed you! Been super busy trying to get my life together. Hope all is well with you and yours!
Whitney Mercilus, I like that.
already miss the season, can't wait for draft and next season
in his coin purse?
did u say u wil see it or u cant see it
$3 merchandise Hellfire Sale going on right now! See facebook for details.
I dont care as long as I am out of NC!!! Surprise me. Can't wait!!!
How are all my twitter followers doing?
lol Bruh come to fuckin tampa and lets get some business started
Breaking News: Metta World Peace has been suspended for 7 games... and Middle East Peace has been suspended for 2,000 years!
Going to Evil Dead: The Musical tonight and sitting just behind the "splatter zone." Yum.
you are so welcome! We love that you let us be a part of making you look and feel Beautiful!
it was my coworker's sandwich. He tried to act like he liked it. He was lying. They should call it the "no meat sandwich."
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 15
haha holy shit my bad bro
Travel + Leisure Magazine released 2011 World’s Best Awards today naming Blackberry Farm #1 Resort in the Continental US & Canada
As I travel through life I been learning alot about myself oh well I'm startin to accept it good and bad
Not to say it's not good but...when will I finish this Stephen King novel?
:( Are you doing any better?
#WorstRapLineEver : " racked up shawty , chain bout fawty , came in wit 1 bitch , came out with fawty ." - French Montana
that is a very unique guess! Thanks for playing!
Why is it so hard to find other people who design email?
Passed by a Harley dealership on the road from NY to DC. Thinking of you. Could have used Stacy in NYC this week ;)
Your very welcome! Where you from bro? :)
yes! you goin?
Life is getting so much better
Duly noted re: Farmhouse... I think Julie is out now but I'll see that she holds the tix for you two....
That's What's Up!! I'm leaving the yo now heading to the house.. Hit me up when u free..
heck no teleporting is my superpower
Volvo&#39;s &#39;mean green&#39; truck breaks two world speed records - Auto ...
I can duel, but I always seem to melt my pot. I am Seamus.
You don't become happy by pursuing happiness. You become happy by living a life that means something.
Stank nasty funk for us Bassaholics...play Wayman!
Are you in earnest? Seize this very minute! Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it. Jean Anouilh
Take that, Mike Smith.
don't you love producing documents no one reads? (that's my main "real life" job)
Join Bernice L. McFadden as she hosts #Blacklitchat tonight at 9PM EST
Jeanette Velasquez: Truth is... It takes more than gettin hit by an SUV to take this chick down! ;)
I'll regret saying this one day, but right now, I'm ready to just move out. Ish around here is getting ridiculous.
Last thing the Cowboys need is an injury prone defensive back.
Taking a solo road trip to Santa Cruz today. I'm excited to get out of the city.
I hate asking people for a #followback ... I feel like if I'm asking for their fucking life and soul.
Kik me I'm about to send it to you
Sarah Weeks gets rousing applause @ Scholastic brunch for making her pie crusts from scratch.
the headline writers are paid in DickerBucks, redeemable throughout NY
This lady is really cool...she should stop kissing me so much in public though...i hardly know her
Not to worry! You just caught the 2nd half of my reader-response take on the Strawberry Shortcake song. But thanks!
I was hoping you would do it for me!
The principle of life is that life responds by corresponding; your life becomes the thing you have decided it shall be
Really?:]I love september!(:
I LIKE ME A DEEP THINKER..
Happy Holidays to all my artistic friends!!! Wishing you all the very best for 2012.
NYPL is doing a write a letter to your politician for funds...
Well, I guess I wanna work where my 289 followers work. Only 1 #reteeet on my punching someone at work tweet.
Is your annual dinner actually on St. Patrick's Day? Do those of Irish heritage get in for free? Erin Go Bragh!
Let's Go Celtics!
British thermal unit
Tears may mean more than a smile ... Smile because we are all in a row, and the tears just because of those we love ...
"One minute, they're having a Denver omelet, the next, they've got a gun in their face".
i dont understand what i did/do wrong .
Wow... I didn't know there were restrictions on that... Has it ever happened to you?
Food fight about broke out!
What did she drop on the court?
Thanks for the RTs, and !
congrats. Wish I was there to celebrate with you all.
#UXdesign is fascinating.
The RangersFanZone is a Royal Wedding Free Zone! Talk about the Rangers, not about Price Charles and Camilla
Looks like I will have an extra room in Cancun for August 8-12th at Moon Palace. Anyone interested before I turn it back in?
Planning to >> hiya! : Are you going to join our #REOnline chat?
Make Mothers' Day extra special- join your friends at the Cultural Center for a wonderful dinner. Only $13.95 pp. Purchase tickets at www...
(Abraham Lincoln) You will never find time for anything. If you want time, you must make it.
Thanks for the invite ladies!!!
Realtors & Lenders... Help your clients save money on insurance and be better protected while filling up your gas tank on us... Call me for…
Happy Birthday!
Schedule's a shitshow but I want to see you. DM me when you're free this week and lets queer out together grrrrl
At the track about to put in work before it rain
very good point, cans do allow for much cooler design.
Sorry to have missed y'all!
and don't forget a business-oriented lawyer to leverage inevitable legal fees!
She looked at me and said who the fuck are you?
Only charge that bitch one and that's all lol
Come to The Bakken this Saturday and check out our groovy Halloween-themed Super Science Activity! More info at www.thebakken.org!
oh u so sweet cuddles xx
I don't have too many tabs open, I have too many windows with too many tabs open. Can't even keep up with bookmarking things to read later!
1st Georgia Bulldog finally comes off the board, OT Cordy Glenn #41 overall, joins USC's Stephon Gilmore in Buffalo
Got a spifftastic pumpkin today.Carving it tomorrow! I'm terrible at carving the faces. hahaha. night :D It's like 1:14 AM so G'Morning -.-
it pains me to type important documents in Times New Roman
I love The Fray, but what the hell is this?
What other social networking sights can i link my twitter with? Please help.
#idontlike when ppl wanna be other ppl getnya own shyt
Are people positive the Red Sox players that were drinking in the clubhouse were NOT pitching that day?
No single but I'm not for sure
Girls=(time)(money). Time=Money. therefore Girls=(money)(money)=money². Since money = v(all Evil). Then Girls=(vevil)²
wrapped around your finger
Surprise of the week: Fourth Kind was a really good movie.
only sometimes. Only sometimes.
hey! What u up here for??
RT : From the settings of #MobileBay #LikeTreesWalking written by #AMustRead //thanks pat white!
If you've already been in this morning, you've already had this deliciousness:
Maybe for I'm just nothing, but for me he's my everything
People who hate you when they don't even know you
AAAAGGHHHH! My mom woke me up because she thought it was 6:45 am. But it was really 5:45 am! FML...
Guys you are my favourite band when I was 7, now too :)
the guitar you did for was amazing! Love you both!<3
Umm...Yeah... I think Im going to leave it at just you but...thanks. Rock on Tiger!
wassup with that show?
you're not weird at all....
Heavy is the head that wears the crown.
From Ben to me haha FWD: pick me at 320 or else
So I was about to go to bed and tweeted that he had a new song. Way better than sleep.
like me on Fbook so I can track you and get you the final record, thanks!!
I am a grown man. Do not tell me what to do.
you a madden guy?
#SOCIALITES SOIREE pt 1 #BarberandBeautyEvent l THIS SUN l pool l Food l Bar l Canary & Cream Edition l #NEWEDITION tix giveaway
Great show last night!!! The AJO and our Honor Band kids take the stage tonight!! Come to the ABQ Museum (Old Town) @ 7pm!!!!
Dont mistake it arent doing it for fame or fortune we do this #ForTheLoveOfMusic! Rest are perks!
Though Europe's plains are crushed with chains /As every tyrant wills /Yet Freedom's light is flashing bright /Along Helvetia's hills!(1850)
Fill in the blank: Can’t wait to knock _____ off of my bucket list!
food coma <3
this is just the start.
I'm not confused as to who I am. When I step into the shower I know who God created me to be. And no surgery can change
Oh my Gosh. You Rebel. ;D
DOing the pirate thing for Halloween tonight !
Off to kill off some headache by doing some 360 gaming. Text me if u need me, might take me a while and might not answer just depends.
true story!
rock it today!
Jarod says texting is aggressive!
so ur predicting Kimi will win the Spanish GP!
Green Tip: Laundry Detergent; 1 cup soap flakes, 1/2 cup washing soda, 1/2 cup Borax.
frankie don't get enough love, he might be small man, but he has some big balls and even bigger heart!! #retweet!!!
Well I woke up on the wrong side of the bed.-_-
Man Kansas City Airport has the stupidest gate and security setup I have ever seen.
Saw titanic in real 3D everyone was crying even me:) thats what i call true love!!!!:)
I think my toes are gonna fall off. It's beyond cold in this lib bur
I start losing it at about week 3 on the road.... must get to bed tonight. Wake me up for the free hotel breakfast.
wish I lived in like anywhere in america so I could atleast go and see yhuu and valentines day!Ah please come to uk and follow
. Was just browsing your website and your macarons are gorgeous!
Oh please ..
Done. :) Blah any SD visits soon that we can reconnect? It HAS been too long. Miss you girls, mucho.
Ok ok the siren means bad weather---tornado's no threat....exhale
Then i shall kill you in your sleep
We look forward to your visit! RT : I'll stop in! (after the holidaycraze)
Got the evacuation order for my building moments after stocking up at the store. #Irene is on my sh*t list
Headed to Rancho Cucamonga today! (insert Tarzan yell here)
There's a great story waiting to be written about how #Twins became so bad so fast--from division champs to '62 Mets in less than two years
Carrie, you have a problem haha
Thank you :)
It's days like this @ the barn I'm greatful for having a 2nd job that's indoors. :P
thanks, Ethan! Btw, how was your trip to Memphis?
#NSMN panel: #NFLPA threat of decertification creates wild west in player representation. Ride 'em
Thanks for checking it out! Can't wait to see Little in orange and brown. Go #Browns!
BEAUTIFUL RUINS by Jess Walter.Great read. Such an amazingly diverse author.
by michele i mean michael silverblatt silly spell check. also do you like to tell stories in front of people? or paper better?
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep -- not screaming, like the passengers in his car
lawlzzzz but on the real, I'm thinking about coming to Eugene for a weekend before i leave. Is it tight?
We've updated the Colors in Motion client page to include their latest "Touchstone." Take a moment out of your busy day to relax:...
hates the end of the year...too many projects due at the same time #cantwaittillsummerthough!
Meet Norma from Chula Vista: Norma told me she was supporting me because I dedicated the last 2 year to putting over 500 people back to...
tell me about it. this is crazy!
They say hate is the air so I hold ma breath til ma face turn purple
#Cypress #CyFairTourney ? ..RT : Fresh out of church right to the gym, the life of a coach....
I just put "available on netflix" in an essay
YAY FOR THE ALTHERR'S GETTING THE JEROME GRAND HOTEL RE-OPENED:) THROUGH TWO LONG DREADFULL COURT DATES, WE HAVE FINALLY REACHED A FAIR ...
Thanks! It's a great project for a good cause.
LOVE THE PICK!
Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own. - Aesop
That "look" makes it all worthwhile...
Now watching Friday no Senses for me tonight just finna eat and pour up #peachcirco my favorite
It sure was cold at my gig tonight.If they can pay for a band, why can't they pay for some heat.
Getting on a party bus!
Ok, educate me. What are ways to empower tchrs to drive coaching support?
always a good thing
I hope you guys have a great day. I love you.
Oh !! I Will Keep You Company :) LOL
LOL - my 3 yo daughter asked me if she could play with my dolls (we made miniatures of a boardroom meeting for commercial I shot for Dell).
Good Morning Twitter!!!
Haah , Yeah . Not very fond of Jenny . She osnt even that pretty , either .
Ask the candidates what they think about the National Defense Authorization Act.
Okay so I finished mowing, cooled off a bit. Now to shower & shop! Oh and get lunch, I'm hungry.
Don't we all? RT : With food I remove stress caused by overeating and fear of getting fat.
Did you know you can subscribe to an RSS feed of our News, too? Just click the RSS feed button at the top by Library News!
Min hands down. HOF QB going against team of 16 years. As a season ticket holder I don't know if I can even watch ...
Like V.O. narration or extensive flashbacks, I figure I'm not good enough yet for quotes. :)
#dh11 Suggests open-sourcing (and documenting) source code; Google has similar policies.
If you're tweeting about celebrating 420.... Chances are you're not doing shit with your life
#FF again because she's an inspiration - personally and business wise :)
try Ink on Hawthorne for bfast!
to find a suitable replacement and get him/her tight with the band before we play another show. BUT the good news is when
need to go get groceries for this cheesecake im making on saturday. its gunna be blue!
Before we condemn the Saints for the bounty program, I would like to know if there were any more injuries versus the rest of the NFL.
also might need your awesome input in...inspiring teen engagement w/ art? Know anything about that? :)
damn what you do ?
Women: Can't live with them, can't bury them in the back yard without the neighbours seeing.
You're so right, Tai. She's an amazing woman! See you at Nationals?
They're playing a sweet pandora Irish punk mix at the Grasshopper in downtown West Bend this morning.
yes it's 11:30 AM here ;) and in your country?? I don't know, i don't have any plans yet.. What did u do today??
they gone be like , we need the big come .. nappyness everywhere lmbo
Everything would be so much easier if I wasn't so broke.
Optimistic: I love the advise and support I receive from my makeshift family The greatest thing I have ever done!
Watch Science Channel, Enjoy Firefly, your welcome.
Trying to go to sleep
#RealNiggas walk in class late, and leave early!
thanks love!
#cobnob Reggie Watts just killed it! Great voice, super creative..hillarious..
Healthy? like how?
Mucho gracious for the RT & mentions
You dont have to love me, you don't even have to like me. But you will respect me.
There is a punk rock burrito joint in York, PA and I just met the proprietors. If you're ever in the area...
Obviously, I'm totally cool with Dallas parting with Newman this off-season. Lack of secondary depth be damned.
RT : Thank you Messrs. Fleisher and Kalish for an unforgettably inspiring concert this evening
Interesting stuff. He teases Batista, which would be awesome, but it's a swerve of some sort for sure.
Today my choir teacher said to follow your dreams, I already follow you so please follow me?<3 xx
Eiji, Jesus, Elan, Pho, Javier, Erik, Aaron, and of course, Wayne. Sasa's bar has many personalities and it seems everyone has a favorite..
LOVE that show. I agree.. Makes me nervous, and I want to surrender my passport..
in 50-55 stores and will be in dunhams sporting goods next month but easiest
To be honest i don't want to pay for them
I'm looking forward to it!
Just saw Dark Shadows. It was a very good movie.
Carbon monoxide detectors saves lives..
everything is goin gr8 over here!
not sure of the exact day, but do it soon! Deadline is coming up I'm sure!
the funny thing is, it WILL all work out in the end. we will live in star trek. next generation of course. the bald guy is cooler
- Thanks for the shout out on this
I wish I could go back to being a kid..
About to go hard do understand and know I coming hard.
I need to stop cursing, oh the fuck am I kidding?
Great to meet !
yayyyy must talk!!!!
That free sampler is pretty good though. I'll take free music from I Call Fives and Handguns any day
Boys Are Stupid, They Break Hearts And Can't Make Up Their Mind.
- What station at what time???
Northeastern friends: Stop by the Curry Center tomorrow from 10am-2pm to chat with Jorge Nowalski, our Pres & Academic Director, about ICDS!
Batista Sees U.S. Meat Prices Rising by Year End (Port).
Visit www.thecoupondeal.com to find deals and also place deals, or offer free advertising for the next three months
Waiting to be seen for my fifth audition of the day... Have I mentioned I love my card lately?
Our fascination of and awe for the Chinese makes me think of Latin Europe circa 900 CE towards the incoming Arabs: the sexy people...
mm.,? yhu display ya stuff by commenting
that's what I do. Lol
Cold enough to drift, Snow blows horizontally - Carolina pines.
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it. ~Buddy Hackett
Job opening @ SECCA: weekend and after-hours position. Send a cover letter and resume to by 5pm Aug. 29. No calls.
Well Good Night Beautiful people. I'll be back
": So does that money just go to Michael Jackson's estate?"does Jackson have the rights to all songs?
GOD MORNING WELL ALMOST AFTERNOON FROM #TEAMYCB ... CAN WE GET SOME #RVA LOVE
Excellent. Well if you need help with promoting and distributing your music we provide that for independent artists.
Economy appears to have gone soft, which *could* have been caused by fast fuel $ rises which *could* have been caushed by Iran rehtoric
he can't go until every half-truth and flat out falsehood has been spoken.
is my idol
I always found the student drivers to be a little more unsympathetic and erratic.
These bruises are gonna be very very visible tomorrow
When it is time, in life and in art...we harvest.
Thinkin' of a master plan...
let da nina talk to a nigga..take a chunk outcha body like a shark bit a nigga
Can't an aging hipster get money anymore?!
Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Robert "Hey! Watch It or I'll Suck Your Cock" Brown.
did i hear someone say fuck i wanna do it hahahahah
can anyone explain to me what Twitter Jail is? I feel like an idiot for not knowing
This last few weeks of school are a joke. Cant wait for the weekend.
Sweet! Let me know when you're up! Are are you still thinking June?
New twitter background =)
The ^caret should be used in some way in social media.
TBBC moving up.
Starships were meant to fly <3
Check out our new song SWALLOW THE WORDS OF THE WISE!! on facebook now!!
Welcome new followers! Go to 3bet.us to enter our Float the Turn contest. Grand Prize: 1 hour of private coaching with !
Dead Is-Land???
Good to see Team Assassin bak on the grind,
well I'm special
Young and beautiful with
I think the DeMaio TP viz not saving $$ is "shift risk". That is, City is powerless to keep from raiding pension & Sdcers sux.
I need more followers someone hook me the fuk up plz...
I guess the only time I really feel the need to complain about something is when I am forced to be idle.
Our Father took what was meant for my harm, and turned it into something GRREAT for me and those who favor me! How about that? Praise him!
Twice. Once on ESPN3, once on ESPNU.
OH DELANIE! OH I LOVE YOU HOAR!
CHEA's 2011 Annual Conference and International Seminar will be held January 24-27, 2011 at the Marriott Hotel Washington in Washington DC.
it's so funny how often that's the case!
Such a pretty day!!
Do you know what a Dirty Sanchez is? VOTE NOW by replying to us with #yes or
I'm so bored too.And I'm really sad! Q :(
The best grad speech I ever heard was by fmr. CBS VP Fred Friendly at Emerson College, '88.
What's the hour right now in the UK?
i think i'll pass on ladies night, cuddlin up with my bebe.
Need a little peace after a hectic day? Check the upcoming Pray the Seasons by Art Gafke. Read a little or read a lot. You'll feel better.
don't forget equal parts white vinegar to your baking soda!
Oh nice! RT : Good news: Chicago Laugh Factory set to open in former Lakeshore Theatre space in early summer.
Do you think our roof is gonna blow off today?
I just woke up, but hopefully (2 hours later) I'm not too late =/ it's Jayson
“: After the Seniors leave... I must say Holt won't be the same #weirdfeeling” I will be a senior next year.... WHAT ABOUT ME
Before becoming a recording artist, Chuck Berry studied to be a hairdresser- InSpotter app
"Rock Stars on God' vol I & II have some intriguing...and way entertaining...interviews. Good job, DVP.
Not literally, I hope! Come back to us sometime! :P
Hey all of my mb followers
tell us, how is this done?!
beautiful shot. But what's that floating in the water?
#YouCantSayYouGrownIf your mom still pays all of your bills. And calls you every day. So basically...I just recently grew up haha
Watching #anidiotabroad marathon on science chanel, amazing
Please can I get a RT. Thanks so much Hulk.
#BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!! :) x
follow up lets film
There is no better place to be than up on a stage!! Workin on new music new shows CANT WAIT!
My label: "Airhead" What is your label?
Hi! I'm good. Haircut and packing this weekend. Such fun. What about you?
Happy #easter Seattle.
Sen Finance members deep in weeds of poss economic impact of tax holiday.
I hope I get back </3
I think I'll wear the blue jean outfit this wkend. Dude had moves too.
forgetting that you have a beard while eating a powder donut has its repercussions...
So awesome to see the cast doing a full run on the set!
don't say that! Eagles will know you're missing a step and you'll be replaced!
the only way to fail at #ds106 is to not do it. :-) Formal class at UMW is wrapping up right now, but you can jump in anytime!
well I hope you find a good doc that will actually help you so you don't have to go so much lol
avengers imax :D
I think we all do. RT I always feel a little bit better about myself when former professional athletes get fat.
Did you know that less than 10percent of AmLaw250 have a sales person?
#Yankees win.
Apparently I don't tweet enough. Ha!
"God will wipe every tear from their eyes. There will be no more death or mourning or crying or pain."
Also may be playing the acoustic for the first time at a show. New moves to bust out for the Breaks lol
haha I thought that too...
The biggest soccer game in Premiership history is on right now. #ESPNAlert #ManU v ManCity.
yezzzir! U ready!!!
#Obama2012 yes yes yes yes yes! Everyone has to register & vote. Got to give POTUS
Does the guy next to me need to sit with his legs 5 ft apart? Youre invading my space & lets face it, you're probably not that big
oh you poor baby,lol
The hardest button to button? Hatttttttteeeee yyyoooouuuuuu!-!!!!!!!
as a recent student making edtech apps, I totally agree with this!
I had a great time and thought provoking discussion during my session at #DF11 Hope you all got something out of it, I sure did. Thanx.
I will get my back dimples pierced if it's that last thing I do.
tired af bt I gotta get this money
agreed. The Oriole GM job is career suicide. But their are only 32 GM jobs available in MLB
Idc I'm not ready to get my hair done any way;
I am infatuated by this one girl;] aha
Sittin @ wakemed its only 3ppl here so I should b n & out, I should of gotten some breakfast lol
Well, this day was a total waste of makeup.
listening to strangefolk on walk home; great way to calm down after long day
Id hire her! tomorrow!
Nothing beats knocking the car out of gear while asleep. Whoops.
That moment when your dog suddenly sits up and stares intently at nothing for like 30 seconds. Pretty sure now that my house is haunted.
"We have to stop letting disease divorce us from our dreams," Charity Tilleman-Dick
Flynn still visiting Seattle?
my kind of weather..
haha sorry I wanted to graduate high school!
what a receptive audience we had tonight too. Thanks for sharing tonights moments with us and coming to the show!
Lol We Won(:
put a muthafuckin candle on my back and baby blow it [;
Judy Gold is in tonight's show. She's a hoot.
today was fun :) and the concert yesterday was absolutely amazing!!! it was my first concert :D
BEEN wondering why APPLE is dropping GOOGLE map's...
Lunch Break today Crab Cake Sub with fried onions, lettuces, tomato's, hot peppers, and old bay, french fries and side of cole slaw,
I wonder if the invasive spread of rainbow trout all over the world is not behind the frogs' disappearance?
boy, i hope i'm drunk soon.
happy mothers day!!!!!
hello to you as well
AMPED!!!! LETS WORKOUT!!!
I used to try to check back on MySpace once a week to make sure I wasn't missing anything. Now it's once a month. Sad.
thanks for following us!
Last day to get $55 per month for LIFE is this Saturday, October 31st! Get 2 modems, one for the home & one for mobile. Or 2 mobiles! DM me
M not too much I guess. Are you excited ffor Ari's album coming soon? <U+2665>
Oh I like them! Aren't they playing 7th Street Entry sometime soon?
I'm bigger than my body gives me credit for... -john mayer.. it describes me perfect
Negative emotions are just sensations of the body, they aren't the boss of powerful you.
coloring and playing with clay!
I have 5 bags of beads,but i'm too impacient to make kandi rn.
Way past time my friend...
I see you.
Um. I misspoke. Today's crazy is brought to you by the two large crazy men who just got in a fight over... Who would father my children.
My head hurts...I need a nurse! Who wants to be my nurse!
I'm mostly exploring right now.. I don't have a specific purpose in mind-- I've been checking out some of the map viz tools
The Expo in Chicago is less than 3 weeks away! Super excited to see all the latest sweets!
we are looking to blow out the brand. we're brand new and have very little working capital but can work out something creative..
Thanks for the follow! Muito obrigado
Lol, I came very close to doing so. RT I would have put the 'Rapper' part in quotation marks.
i wanna meet the iconic boyz ss BADLY!!!!!
Jen let's be honest.....you're probably right....
dont blame me..i said Boise St. SHOULD have been included....but they wont be...maybe now in the Big East tho
better than a Pearl necklace
There's a very good reason why no one ever refers to the as "rapid" transit.
Hahaha this might be true : When a girl tells you to 'Have fun.' it means she want's you to have a horrible time without her..."
Lol Girl Boo.! Tell Me Who.?
Listening to Congressman Kissell speak at Uptown Democratic Forum. Jobs jobs jobs!
who ion
When that one person runs for the bus cause they late makes me laugh.
thanks!! Follow me now
Are you home in Memphis yet?
May go to cheesecake factory in oak brook this week
that means he bout to speak for 15 more minutes. Lol
If we leave a church or relationship resentful & embittered, we will enter the next with the same attitude..(See John 20:23)
What lesson is teachers' fake sick-ins teaching? I'd like to be a student in Wisconsin, would be nice to have a few free sick days up sleeve
Great to see you last Tuesday! Thanks for you time :)
We opened at 4:30. What better way to wind down your weekend than making a list of what you'll do this week while sipping your favorite?
#ohmygawd this song #release by something something..0mg i forgot the name of the band..is #stuckinmyhead gaaaaaah! xD great song btw
Any thoughts on living in San Francisco's Excelsior District? Anyone?
thanks, it was a big relief. Michele was on my committee, which was great; loved her questions. a few tweaks, then library submit!
Does anyone want to go to the movies tonight? Im bored! Lol
National Sugar cookie day YUM
well fuck that
Really enjoyed the film. Congrats to everyone involved in the production.
New Obsession- cleaning my fridge handle with a magic eraser.
lol, YOU WISH. ;D
I keep stumbling on THE BOOK THIEF and thinking it looks interesting, but so far haven't succumbed.
Love more then those who love u.. if nt wats the point of love when its nt spread around
aha , what did i get for mines ? But Happy Birthday tho(:
hanks 88.5 FM for broadcasting my recordings of "There Never Will be Another You" and "How High The Moon" this week. Aloha MN!!
O.o
ah,missed your convo about FAUST! My tip: see live HD broadcasts. All closeups, you hardly notice the production!
roger that & right back atchya. sincerest thanks for your kindness, friendship, couches to sleep on, and books to expand my mind!
My Bestfriend Aunt & Mom Is Cool As Fuck ! <U+2665>
Like Nixon in '68, he has a "secret" plan on immigration. If he told it, it wouldn't be a secret.
Getting ready for the DC/MD/VA Book Buzz on Monday Oct 17 and anticipating the Spring titles the publishers will surely highlight!
Yep I know how to treat my women I'm I straight up mamas boy lol :)
Don't forget Creighton Men's Soccer vs Minnesota Stars pro team this Sunday at noon. At Omaha South HS!
heyy will u follow me back(:
Guy on 7th is trying to hail a cab by waving like he is Mickey Mouse in Disneyworld. No one's stopping. They think he's psychotic.
Thank you! Hope you're having a great day.
D3 still only half downloaded and now I need to update my graphics card. These are labors of love
How ever did you know?! :D
Gigs are in the pipeline. Sept 2nd, Oct 4th, August to be determined.
Carrie Diaries looks fun, Cult looks wild/unpredictable, lots of good + new shows coming this Fall
So, Milwaukee friends. How crazy was the rain last night? Any major flooding?
her hand is Bleeding D': :)ILYShawty<3
Dont get lost in your "current" circumstance and give up the fight...#victory comes in all shapes and sizes
good luck Bogie
Made in USA!
Happy Earth Day have a great weekend!
Unhappy your first start of the year is against one of my two teams. Can I root for a 1-0 Cubs win?
for the follow
How old are you and the sister
The storm over Columbia County heading into Dodge county looking pretty healthy. Hail is likely. Watch out Randolph and Fox Lake.
check usd out for the best in custom apparel and Varsityjackets at www.varsityjackets09.com
Jesus Christ!!!!!!! No one picks up there phone when you need them most D:<
If they didn't get the compensatory pick for Tex going to NY would they have drafted Trout? I assume yes but was curious
You may be correct on that. You're a mutualist?
Instead I said what I always say, which is, "I don't want to." On the bright side, it's better than the unsolicited fro-touching.
Tonight...mastering what we know...and making it work every time!
Me too! Let's hope they have it stored somewhere and it will magically appear
Palisoc says it's ok at Synergy not to have a suit at interview, but dress conservatively. Students wear ties, so...
Playing lisence plate game with my brother."Flordia! Ha i win!" "Washington X4! Ha!" "We live in Washington.." "No." "We live in narnia!"
Sit yo $5 ass down before I make change lmao
Thanks for RTing - hope you are well, AM!
hey there, wanted to follow up since the event is getting close...which wines are u choosing to "show off"? :)
Jonah Peretti : Not all content you create will go viral, some might be duds. You have to make lots of content and see what works.
"For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, saith the LORD. "(Isaiah 55:8)
Watched "High Fidelity" for the umpteenth time. Still amazed at how the movie gets being a guy/music fan/Chicagoan right.
AND NOT ONE NEWS media is talking about this. why not? where are the legal eagles out here? how is this OK?
I'm done getting cute for this city ... You can catch me in some leggings and a jacket
We made pancakes last night. I like that shit.
It is what it is....
Thanks again for the excellent hospitality last night at ! Do you have a Bloody Mary delivery service? HaHa!
you heard us pass ? Lmao just now
I just wilted mid-afternoon, but I'm feeling better today. Hopefully, or will tweet my preso.
Massive TiVo fail (the killing s2e01)
You have to have a dream and then find a way to accomplish it
Chinese guy had 7 cracks at putting his bag in the overhead. American stewardess snapped, cursed god, grabbed the bag & shoved it in
I LOVED "The Artist" - what a wonderful gift of a movie!!
For the next two months I'll be up studying Late into the next morning for the
this, omg yes
glad to be part of the many fans of what is a great show.
Whenever I heat something up in the microwave I try to see how much stuff I can do before the time runs out. It never ends up being much.
Thanks, autocorrect, for teaching me that "mouth breather" is actually two words.
thanks for your forebearance! May I get the cue sheet for the Ansley "Go West" route?
Faith is what is left when all your beliefs have been blown to hell. -Ram Dass
just made your kale chips - delicious :-) xoxo
what up boys! I know great wedding video crew here in the chi if that's what your friend needed. let me know
RT A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops ~ Henry Adams
#FF A bunch of jerks
Law school? Meet a UM Carey Law Admissions Officer today from 10am- noon @ Flagler College’s Kenan Plaza on the West Lawn.
when it comes 2 shows such as Malibu country how do they pick the cast?? Was this written 4 u?? IT SOUNDS PERFECT 4 U!! LUV YA :)
So cool to have a store created just for people like me! Yay.
#NFB sexy ass thick ass :)
Who Da Fuck...is go take they Moms to Hooters for Mother's Day? Some Commercials Be Bullshit...
You should do what you want and dont let people tell you otherwise
Oww, my back
I can feel the muscles in my neck and shoulders tightening up
me to!
I need some food in my life...NOW!
CP3 is so clutch!
I'm bored and dude I woke up and I have no idea where my brother is. His phone and his glasses are still here:0
I wish i was over you .. </3
someone is clipping their fingernails in the library
Congratulations to all of the Augusta, GA area alumni who graduated on Sunday!
yeah! I wanna booty pop w/ him :D hahah
text me, i got a new phone and lost my numbers and im in atown
when does he say that. And how many times are you going to watch that movie.
Eagle bound....
Why thank you very much!
RT : Shift your diet to local. Just getting even 10% of your food locally supports your local economy.
#iDONTSUPPORT schools removing art programs
I'm done bein nice. Ima start lettin go when I sense some animosity
You always see the prettiest girls likeing the ugliest guys &&' they're just using them -__-
... I gave into it at starbucks... And McDonalds today... What has come.of me!?
Enjoying vacay in NY, yes that was me break dancing at the DJ SPINNA soul train party. Dont let glam dress fool u b-girl4life!
Come volunteer on May 12 to help us ! Call 305-637-6711 for more info
Sorry for Party Rocking in NYC with
Very jealous!
i wanna meet my cousin Ashley tisdale.
This time I read it and felt endearing appellation endless
What are some of the most common symptoms you see in ADHD?
Classic Kobe presser after the game last night. Reporter: "Can you guard them as a team?" Kobe "(blank stare)...No."
Coming out of my tree at the summons of to follow - still faithful ;-)
RT : What's that thing that's like Photoshop except way easier to use and it's for real life? Oh yeah, vodka. (via )
She say money make me cum I say money made u dumb!!!
Saw Don Cheadle at Subway, told him I was a fan and he yelled 'Just because I'm black doesn't make me Don Cheadle you racist motherfucker'
i fuckin love your mom! she's so hilarious! :P
Me too!! I feel "whelmed" right now! haha
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
hells yea im right
are you saying I am not good enough for Wye Oak?
hhaha! Thanks! Funny part is I usually don't drink beer. So I ate like 10 tacos ;)
Be prepared. It's coming.
"Stop in the name of duck" - the Supremes
Hi, how are you today?
yes, you know it? sailed down here?
lmaoo that shit was gone after he passed the stop sign
buNK aS fUCK!!
wow 6am is early oh well
I think that was the worst I've ever done on the fcat..
Process > Result ... if you properly focus on the process not the product, then the end result will take care of itself.
I wish the #coffee was waiting for me to drink right when I woke up. Oh yeah...that happens when I'm not lazy and set the auto brew.
Lots of orders coming in... if you are interested in ordering a quilt as a holiday gift, it's best to get your name in EARLY!
you don't have to tel me that :P
Happy #WW nothing yet but the day will improve later
YES made it into the top 13!!!! So excited!!!!
coOl Lol :P
So who's gonna still be a MAHOMIE in 30 years?? I am!! This isn't no child fandom !!
No lime?
Just stubbed my toe on a concrete stair. bloody stair jumped out of nowhere. and i was wearing flip flop sandals.
yh I did
following for News4 RT:“: At the #dctrayvonrally at least 5K strong out here. Great turnout and great speakers.”
So we're headed to the studio on Friday! Who is excited?!
Bahaha! Yeah buddy. I miss our Boyz tweeting so bad. Waahhh! ):
Yea bitch
Tonight was amazing <3 i'm seriously gonna miss those seniors aloot :)
yess country! I want a cowboy :((((
white man can jump
thanks for the FF last week! :)
Tweeted this earlier, but I'd say: Frazier, D.Thomas, Zeller, Burke & Paul. #Badgers Berggren/Evans & Mbakwe just miss
Bad Brains is the way to enlightenment
Haha i've been yelling CaDOOgan at the TV all game.
URGENT!! 's dog escaped from the house-if u see a tan greyhound loose in Hillcrest area please let her know. Please RT
Can't stop listening to the GLEE Regionals soundtrack!!
At this point I'd prefer Jessica win cuz there hasn't been a girl in awhile and I think Phillip will go the way of the last fe ...
At Country Springs with my loves Liyah & others!!! Having a freaking Blast:-)
camping out in Santa Barbara
For each sector, we offer several different sector-specific courses
dude me and Mercedes effin miss u:)
Golf of Tonkin Resolution.
Aww Thank you for Understanding <3
Att: Randy Barone... worked with you in Detroit (WXYZ) early 80s - Barbara Warshaw Kenig (Baby Dell) says hi!
Since it's also 's birthday please note whether your delivery of hookers & blow is a b-day gift or selection bribe.
: Give thanks for the mention of "Cry to Me." I hope some readers will discover my story thru your paper.
The Musical of Musicals (The Musical!) Begins 8/27/09 Pay-What-You-Can Preview tonight, Aug. 27 at 8:00pm. 1201 N.Royal St. Alexandria, VA
Yup definitely got issues waking up in the morning craving
Candle-lit soak in the tub=amazing.
nice to meet ya!
I will take a summer-like first day of Spring anyday!
Judging student websites for the Chicago Metro History fair. First year digital projects are included in the competition! These are great!
How can those who are wheelchair bound participate in a standing vote?
Damn , yins are only in 1st period .. lol glad I stayed home .
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic, and so am I
I never understood why IE is so slow, unstable and a cpu hog. Shouldn't it have a huge advantage being directly integrated into OS?
My nephew just said my name! Never thought it could sound so sweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
thanks for the RT AFF. Happy Mothers Day out to you!
Poetics measures the difference between a socket and a hinge.
lets make a knocker this year girl! get the studio time and we will make a classic
Gladys Huber just cant catch a break.
This border patrol agent protects our borders but crosses the line.
so long gayboyyyyy
me please i luv nick
"where im from the dope boyz is the rock starzz but they cant cop cars without seeing cop cars"
#brewers pre-game starting on the radio! Get the brooms out! Sweep the #cubs!
Everyone should! So we can laugh, shoot, and be merry!
My brother is freaking out right now.
It is not the horse that draws the cart, but the oats | Proverb
“: “: Sometimes being still is the BIGGEST move U can make for God!””
remember when you first made your YouTube video with Robert? Well I do <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A> I will alway support you Alex (:
let's terrrr it up next month.....aka I'll be home baby :)
If Xmen had the same elements of action as the Avengers it would be a lot better
Someone explain to me what authors love about the name "Beatrice"
Putting together Saturday night's V-Day bash at Hooligan's.. got speed dating, truth or dare affair, & spin the bottle so far.. got ideas?
we're chugging along, what's going on in your world?
Im starting to realize I really have noone, the people I thought I knew n coukld trust were just pretending, theyre just like the rest </3
Glen Campbell gets a pass, he can play a guitar and probably has used an axe on a tree before.
If you want someone to listen with your heart, talk with your eyes <U+2665>
Worth it: RT : CPT: Time, History and Memory exhibition featuring the Suburbia series: The Gallatin Galleries NYU. Feb 6, 2012
To hear somebody say it stops hurting or to hear somebody say she ain't worth it
Help us make your day! Enter to win a #FREEPIZZA by texting FacebookPJ. Normal messaging rates apply.
Thanks for checking in and using ! That Hillsboro Figaro's Mayor Deal is no joke, right? ;-)
#BESTOFTHEBEST Comedy show this Sunday @ Starlight Ballroom tix r moving fast hmu $30 each free soulfood
Stay safe mi amigos
dude that video was hot!! #RIPAngel <\3
Me too!!!! It's just not right being on set without you...which is why you should come to Portland!
"And on the 8th day God created whatever animal the McRib is made from." - today's SundayReview cartoon by Brian McFadden
awesome! Beautiful day, enjoy!
These niggas look like live 2006 free throws
fuckin Siri. You hear me bitch? I said to not fuckin forget to remind me to put that sucka on ice. SIRI YOU FUCKIN BITCH.
Underground tonight at 8pm . Wild Wesley Dance at 10pm. See ya there
Im Doing great!!!! Anything new Happening?
#20ThingsAboutMe: Every time I ride a dirtbike, I always fall atleast once
figured I'd wear capris today
:Take Romney less than 3 hours to make income in a year.
stop.. Stop right now!!!!! Jk jk but dam
slow nigt @ Smiles, bit still smiling! :)
I believe the one that hasn't had it longer. Thnx for the follow.
bulling is not right. then why do it well that person is just messed up some were.
you mean not giving a fawk girl!
yea so i couldnt sleep until four <-Kelsey xoxo>
" I saw a fat lady with a "M.O.B." Tattoo on her arm. I asked "Money over bitches?" She said "No, McDonalds over Burger King.""
Big congrats to Drew and Brittany Breeze on the birth of Bowen!!
gotta ask dude y dont u have a twitter app for ur phone lol
Ironically, Bravo's newly renamed "Modern Girls" will have nothing to do with Modernism. Or art.
Goodbye Time Warner.
Someone left a blue starbucks cup at the contest Sunday and I will bring it to Saturday practice.
Congrats to for winning the first-ever Distinguished Research Partner Award
Every man got a right to decide his own destiny
Thank you.
Just curious. You ever do Lady Gaga? :-)
somebody need to
no!:O
I can't wait for the All Star Game/Home Run Derby. It'll be great to see a real sport again after all this World Cup shit.
on my way home an I need to pee so badly!!!!!!
Woohoo! Thanks John. Looking forward to your tweets. :)
Happy birthday !
Liaison for the win!
just bought my little brothers some clothes from 77 Kids.
Dude keeps walking people but yet Rolen swings at a 2-0 pitch. Bruce swings at crap and now Hanigan swings at the first pitch! #WTF!
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
follow me hoe
Happy Birthday!
#FF Thank you for the follow:)
When did every person on facebook get so religious?
Dont wait for things to feel "right" in your life to worship.Worship God even when it hurts.With all you are, wherever you are,today.
get your WMC withdrawals taken care of right now! Some deep techno on Bassment Sessions!
Thank you sweetheart. I'm good. How are you?
I'm forced to watch games EVERY DAY, the playoffs are the worst
So really...??? Mfs arguing over childish ass bullshit ehh, eeyyy okay thats fine,Imma put a end to it all
yup wow im proud of u
and ur different from the other girls. Man im glad i could find you and im really glad i could come to this school and meet u
ohaii!:)I just wanted to say hey and that i hope you and alex stay together for a very LONG time :D
Suggestions for All-in or fold Tourneys: Higher blinds and antes from start (skip 4 levels or so). To tight from start if not
Yeah my legs are going to be bruised up for prom. Oh the things I do for soccer :O
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing moms out there! Ily :*
PhotoRadar van on Stone btw Ft Lowell & Roger. Watch your speed! Did you know we accept all major credit cards? Call 520-798-1111 for a ride
I guess I can make an exception and follow 1 UK fan...
Opening night
Tonight! , performing 930pm. $5. Last day of my Bday celebration! I need you there!
Met one of my heroes today and he turns out to be a completely awesome person in real life!
Did you know that scalp does regenerate?! The cycle of hair growth happens every 28 days! Happy Friday!
what are you saying? Did you get a job??
I need a freak....
I live to please. ;)
believe me your #MorningDevotion hit me in the throat because everything you said was true!
Involving chocolate! RT : Hit 75K on my WIP this afternoon. Thinking that deserves some kind of reward!
This is there story, all except for Alex, because Alex does not want to be recognized as a monkey killer.
first of all I never said basic rights, it was someone else, but I agree with it. 2nd, cursing at politicians is funny?
Last day of St. Henry tomorrow.
Another prediction, the Rally Monkey will still be terrible.
last night may have been a crash and burn but that's not going to stop me from having a chill as fuck summer.
I might stay til Sat but then take an early flight out. If I can get a red-eye, I might stay until Sat night.
Pinot Noir At 3AM Is The Truth....Don't Let Anybody Tell You Different...
Get down to Lunar/Launch tonight - I will be DJing downstairs and my PIC will be upstairs!
Come on into Safari Cup...we're full of it..
I have to get up at 4 in the morning to set up for a stupid garage sale
BRING YOUR GREEN HAT
Conway creates healthy lifestyle infrastructure
You have to follow me before I can answer your DM. Oh Twitter rules.......
The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which means never losing your enthusiasm
So I did contact customer service & haven't heard back. Am shocked.
Good luck to all the Sacramentans running #BostonMarathon today!
My head is pounding!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Yea your right F dat! Ha RT : Your smarter then that ": I should hit the Casino Huh"
I love you so much!! Please follow me<33
holy fuck you dirty horn dog. I'm sure if that rows your boat!
Tomb: EMPTY! JESUS CHRIST: RISEN & ALIVE! I can only imagine what it was like on Resurrection morning 2,000 yrs ago. Happy Easter.
the homie lol, you get them knee cap implants yet?
Full requirements + agile.... middle road... you must be thinking of "fragile" development. ;-)
looks like littleton closed, some serious ish is about to go down lol
How can I tell if I play too much BF3? Are losing my job and neglecting personal hygiene clues or is that normal?
Best Movies say last 10 yrs.? For Comedies,Borat,action/drama The Departed,The Town,Mystery,Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. What do you think?
Yep meet at church around 5?
SCREAMING NO SCHOOL FOR ME TODAY....
Just saw "For Colored Girls". Tyler Perry did an amazing job!
#BBN where is a good place in #CAtlanta to eat dinner??
you never wanna have a real conversation with me
Love it!! I've seen him before but don't know. This is the best though. And I found that he goes up against Mac Lethal!!
that's beautiful. Priceless. :)
That's what's up! Thanks for the support, more dope shit coming this year!
-- this isn't an invitational or some classic event. Leave it on campus.
Thanks for the warm welcome and we'd love to have you over soon!
Dude.. This weather!!! It so dark in my room that I thought I set my alarm wrong.
Therefore, I have arrived at the conclusion that a nasty, impatient person reveals a narcissistic, selfish outlook on life.....
bon iver is endearingly awkward here. i think it's great.
I know! I am so sorry!
Follow My New Page :)
your in AZ! we need to grab a drink! I love camelback and I'm supposed to go next weekend to hike it!
you're welcome!
So tired off all these people retweeting the SAME OLD fuckin quotes. Be original !
we love you no matter what happens wanna know y cuz were a family!
yes he is hes speaking up about bullying and people tweet him to tell him that they showed people his song
hey follow me back lol if you want lol
AAAAHHHHHHHHH I KNOW IM SO EXCITEDD IM GOING TO HAVE A BLAST!! whats really bugging me tho is that we wont sleep alot:((
... any other singers? Lol
i procrastinate way too much. this is a problem
What are you talking about?
How can I meet cha! RT Keisha!! “: "I'm ridin round wit that Nina" ”
I'm sure it will be riveting.
Mrs. Henderson can suck it.
It's written all over tour face. You don't have to say a word.
I preached this sermon to da world. over 5yrs ago. I have always addressed em as Summer Teams.
3 explosions in Kabul by Taliban just hours after Pres Obama leaves; doesn't say much for our operational security
Who has taken acting classes in Central FL & loved it? I narrowed my search down to 2 faves but would love anyone's personal experience!
Don't cheat.
I Recognize more crowd members at the #lakers game than I do the #mavs! #SignsYouDontLiveInTXAnymore :(
This loss is much easier knowing the Canucks are done too
is packed, complimentary drinks up-stairs! 21+
: Retweet this message for a chance to win a Tron-themed PS3 prize pack including Tron controllers & Tron: Evolution
Rise n Grind! Check out At www.whoistrillogy.com #GetWithIt. If you don't no you need to!
"Dey say mane just keep it real.. I said I been doing det"
...or the bride of frankenstein.
One of my supporters created a page on Facebook requesting that friends sign up as supporters of Jean Monestime the politician.That is Nice.
follow our two new members! and !! Via
Drinking in class... The class period before a test.... Not one of my grandest ideas..
Why don't you get GREAT at being single, meet someone exceptional, and be AWESOME in a relationship?
Thank for the follow DJ!
Da BULLS! Have a great weekend.
So many people not wanting to go into another winter w/o a standby generator, especially if this year is anything like last year's winter.
who knew the MLB season started today?
Good work
lol. Of course. I'm trying to progress
CONGRATS to Wanda Ewing & Kenny Lewis' new radio show! Enjoyed being in such an awesome worship atmosphere! WHO ELSE WAS THERE?
Could you post a pic of tonight's set list at ? You guys were AMAZING! Can't wait for the new album!!
Oh thank you! I'm just not sure when I should expect to see how much I was awarded. It's probably too early?
If Vegetarians eat vegetables, then what do Humanitarians eat?
did we go in a time machine? #MadonaSuperBowl #StarWars Ads... what the hell?
Soo my rubber bands on my braces are Red right now, but i gotta change them soon so what color should i get???
I smell feet.
haha! I still can't believe I'm seeing FATS again :')
star wars *.* .. but i cant really concentrade on it..
we totally cant wait to be able to come out that way! #soon :D hopefully.
Why is it that when I leave earlier for work it takes me longer to get there?
We got an advanced screening of 's Jesse Owens! They were really great with the kids.
Money orders are a massive pain in my ass!
brrrrrrr please don't make me get outta bed!
RT : I wanna rock my riding' boots and see-through mesh tank tops!!! LOL! <- Love It -
Tabatas? Whoa, I just DuckDuckGo'd it. That looks intense!
Blue Coat - US company that has profited from blocking web traffic from Syria (hardware limiting proxying, Facebook, etc.)
me too, haha. It's solid...in rotation hard
First day of work today! Nervous but excited! :)
Summer TV Guide: 20 Social Shows to See
OH WELL YOUR BABY IS FINE. watch wen i chow this to him. lololol
Still can't believe Philly pulled an 'Inside Man' on Boston. Their 1st quarter was like watching 'Hoosiers'
WI #statefair waiting to see better than
Samantha Brown is THE BEST!
Building With
I should have walked, would have been faster. Took the Circulator. If I'd have had flats on, I would've walked!
Great point. Consumers can't drive HC competition so long as insurance controls access.
Tis the season for Public schools to be starting back up- is there any school that has excess funding? Any with more $/child than last year
Someone give me a good beer to try that I can find in Maryland!
thanksgiving+free food= free loaders lol
thanks for the follow Fam!!
Yes, both full and free reports have public sharing URLs. To access that in free reports, you'll need a free account.
Whoa, what a nice offer! I definitely will. (And LOL to autocorrect.)
Wednesday I will be such a mope since my mom won't let me see ugh
i enjoy reading ur news. keep it up.
thank you love..
oh yeah...i forgot. Where do you live again. Yeah i fell asleep on you! Lol sry
On the bright side, the Garden just played that Duck Sauce song you get cised for.
I'll never love again ..
At Dana for Barnett's press conference.
Foggy morning out in Berkeley.
Not trying to rub it in - there are people on Twitter from all over the world, and Dell is a global company. Coming to the US soon.
I miss my bestfriend. :(
M! RT : don't forget the food truck that will be in the main alleyway! Po'boys, jambalaya, sweet potato fries
Matt thinks Patrick killed Lisa...ha!
could not handle mill fest! He was asleep by 11! Your too old to hang with the young cats!
great news can't wait to hear about it!
You're never too small to make a big contribution, and never too big to make a small one
mom and I will be watching that. she is a fan of the show and you being in it is just iceing!!!
If you want to be strong like the bull, then don't eat the bull. Eat what the bull eats. <~Wisdom from the owner of Mr. Natural Restaurant.
Movie time with
I always miss those certain tweet numbers. Just missed 8,000 >.>
I think I watch KKTNY just for , he's so funny! lmao
sushi too! I hope my appetite restores itself ASAP!!
No, the tent is in my pants!
Yes, stay tuned
#Salvadorenas know what men like! #KeepItUp RT : Cleaning houses is not kool :/
I was there also! Agree abt the Machine.
Ah. That makes more sense, then. Is that what the (somewhat cryptic) #140MTL hashtag identifies?
wish i could my lips on that!!!!
Snack Stacy’s Simply Naked Bagel Chips, Wholly Wholesome Chocolate Chip Cookie, ½ Cookie (I couldn't resist, I went for the half cookie!!)
:: Does Happy Dance :: Awww snap! it's on! Texts on deck 24/7! GET READY! Lol :D
Good day so far!
Thanks and It's great to have fans! Off to a friend's holiday party, of course with brownies.
Election Day in WI (again), Special Elections in 60th, 83rd and 94th today Assembly Districts to fill vacancies created by appointments.
KG is just destroying people out here!
Get that first win tonight! I'll be in the fieldhouse on Saturday to watch you guys tie it up!
Love it -- much more appropriate!
Happy Birthday To The King Of Pop. I Love You Michael!
Done w the spanish subtitles for the Latin American press junket w/ SNM talent!! Can't wait for its release!
Finally opening Christmas presents!
who u calling bitch!?!
IT'S GAMEDAY YO, WE NEVER SNOOZE
Congratulations to Barbara Hauer from Mentor Public Library in Ohio on winning the Kindle 3G in our give-away!
It's not having been in the dark house, but having left it that counts. -Theodore Roosevelt
Amazing weather day: when shorts are an option, rather than a requirement.
yup. That's how I felt too! Do you still need rec's?
RT : RT : #casesmc Mobile is social. Where we are located, and what we are doing there? What do we do while we wait?
it depends on what u thnkn '
THAT'S WHAT I ASKED
Seriously. I am fit to be tied, you guys. #Beat LA
ty most in my country are nice not all but most we have good & bad in every culture & i know & respect that
Yea Fam Do That
3 15-year-old Woodburn High students will be charged w/arson. Arrainment in moments
nah she was a cunt-bitch cumdumpster
Have the courage to follow ur heart & intuition. They already know what u truly want to become Everything else is secondary! Steve Jobs
I'm hot ass hell wtf
it's scary how I was just singing that same like.. ._.
the tutu or typo’d possessive pronouns? I was born & bred in Berkeley, CA; men in tights don’t phase me [winking emoticon]
one beautiful woman you are! :-)
cont. and I'm working on two films right now so I'll let you know when I have slots open for other projects
wanna sleep but i'm hungry <U+E413>
SAT word of the day: buttress (v.) to support, hold up
thanks. We should hang out sometime next week if you are free.
Always direct ur thoughts toward relationship with Jesus not religion. A filtered mind keeps an atmosphere for unhindered relationship w/God
oh yes. I'm a vet tech now so there are lots of strange, gross things in my daily life.
Change before you have to. -Jack Welch
I hate you.
what happened at sk8asylum when you were in Phoenix
all systems go! Lmaooo
~WHEN THE RIGHTEOUS ARE IN AUTHORITY,THE PEOPLE REJOICE:BUT WHEN THE WICKED BEARETH RULE, THE PEOPLE MOURN. OBAMA 2012
I was at Revolution last week. Happy First Day of Spring...sucka
finally found an app a decent app to track our keywords...checking it out this week. thanks!
well we played like garbage today n still competitive, can't hold T Law down all series, game on
hey, have you checked us out? We're new to Vegas, moved here from Florida! Our new ep is up for free download on our page! :))
Packing for Cancun. Does anyone have any fond memories of Cancun?
Migration is complete - let us know if you experience any issues
Just got the last H. Potter, Captain America, The Hangover 2! The latest Sons of Anarchy too. Gonna be a good day.
Aha Thanks:)
yes I did!! Hahah. Are we friends on Facebook? Cause I think I might remember you if I'm thinking of the right person
You know when your life seems pretty good but then something comes in and is so great that all those "good" times before suck now?
Sounds fun! DM me about it, and I can check my schedule! Plus I've sung with Kristin C!
Wow I just noticed I have 93 followers! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Taught 4.5 hours of visual resources (research) for Drama 100....happy that their library assignment counted for 5% of their final grade.
Congrats on your soon-to-be-opening!
Got to hug all my lovely friends before they walked across the big stage and out into the world!
Good morning!
Good luck to #ChiMarathon runners on Sunday & thx to all 200 volunteers who'll be at aid station 15, mile 20 - stop by & say hi!
Those are some slick lookin' gift cards!
yea i think was doing something.
No :( RT : Did you exercise today?
Getting a RT from in under a minute #MadeMyNight =)
You're beautiful just the way you are!
on the plane
omfg today in english this guy had a ghost tracker and the red dot means it's strong and their were two of them lmfao it was so funny tho.
lmao “ TBerg has won this day MT tough guy Hamels listens to Lifehouse loves Twilight & carries his dog in a bag”
yeah there is.. They nice tho. Lol
Just heard a report from Shanghai on ... Always nice to hear him on the air!
at first i thought this was going to turn into a lawyer & a locksmith joke! ...two lawyers walk into a bar...
Bbq with no bbq
Quote from : "So are you making the bluescreen (error) include a QR Code?"
a price worth paying
those are the three we see most activity but blogs and videos have even more advantages
Work VPN sucks, got dropped 3 times in a matter of minutes. Guess it is telling me I need to take a break.
1/3 of this drink & I was feeling it. What is wrong with me!? Lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
amazing article!!
at library in portwashingon, waiting for 4 hrs till dance starts (y) .
Planet Earth looks blue and there's nothing I can do...
The best album I've ever heard. :)
": RaoulFOX5 are you watching the game?" u know it. #Purple&Gold
Scott and Allison :(
Never had a chance to use PlanetTran? Well nows your chance at 50% off! Use promo code TWITTER2010 when booking
That news of yours was 100 century months old. This is 2012 and not 2006. A great loss, may her soul rest in peace.
Raj can totally be my party planner!!
Just bought 2 more pairs of kicks. 27 pairs and counting!
Re: #zapposCoupons, Is the repeated copy intentional or error? I get the marketing aspect, but at a loss for the implementation.
Flying to San Jose soon for PayPal Innovate 09, hoping to meet people interested in new monetization models, esp. API monetization of course
And now for my favorite part of a new semester: writing course deadlines in my planner.
Haha, I like that! RT aww You just have extra room in your bank account :-P
is watching the fights, and I'm attempting to entertain myself bc I don't care about any of these matches lol
Researching/ reading about #culturaldistricts -- send ideas my way (anywhere around the world) Thanks!
Thanks for mentioning the article, Brian; it's much appreciated! Let me know if I can ever help you.
Life is the flower for which love is the honey
Stop by and say hello ! What I Love About America www.rickeyleewatson.com Time for Change , cd baby Itunes, napster, Lala, Rhapsody
we should make a twitter for hannah montana
I have an app like that, it's called doing actual exhaust work
liar. It opens at 4.
Autistic LIS people: my friend wants to discuss librarianship and ASD with you.
It should be! Are you still wanting to try and figure out a hotel out? I'm driving down this year so I'll have a car.
I do not feel to do my test it is hard I really want you to follow me OMG I was about 2 get in trouble..
your from brazil right????
I wanna go back to Australia.....
Nagging is as bad for your relationship as infidelity
double play
DESIGN TRENDS IN YOUR HOME #1 "Graphic Modern" strong print statements, one or two colors. polka dots, florals on a grand scale.
I'm online!:)x
Love workout activities that are disguised as fun. Can't wait for dance class tonight with !
More like "I pity the fool..." RT : When James Harden shoots free throws, I wonder if he's humming, "Oh my............"
thx for the tip
thanks for the tweet!
People with many interests live, not only longest, but happiest. George Matthew Allen
if you are looking for a good way to get your twitter life going in the right direction --> literally follow
RT : RT is covering AAS using Twitter, webcasts and a blog. Any other coverage?
Do you follow ? From the UK, looks like c/b good resource for you.
the good news is that we'll still be here when you get back! First stop:
Hey now, hey now
God.. That's gonna blow!
Sorry baby. I got to go. i love you <3
Tonight I made ginger-oat cookies, feta walnut dip, and vegetable pate. Suck it, Martha.
So why is there a missing sign up of my cousin & they are stil looking for him , but i just hung with him !?
lol I couldn't date a bisexual
Gotta Be You is trending woo
you to
No bueno. How are u doin? U coming out tonight? RT hey guy BFF... Lol
Not a proving ground, an example how Liberlaism will ruin a state. Illegals still make up a large portion of the pop in Cali.
I just checked-in at Frazer John Florist of Stars in MyTown2.
Don't let stress build up and take you down. I needa vacation, for real.
Waking up to good mornings like this almost makes me forget about you
confused - thought it was AHML in the picture
Can't see why so many 'straight' Talkingheads are pushing the President on Gay Marriage. Trying to defeat him?
Atlanta... Here i come!
So, how was CC?
The 30 for 30 on Westhead will take you back.
4 me a change 4 him is he could stop hanging out with selena
woohoo. Gonna introduce #nsta12 to the
i'm thankful 4 my Chiro mentors 2day. I saw a patient that couldn't sit, stand or walk in2 the office. He was able to walk out. :)
A successful man us one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.
hey! Purchased a new printer that turned out terrible. I remembered you suggested hp cp3525. Is registration exact or off?
I am asking them to adopt me!
Help, help we're overrun with magnets, & they're destroying America! Let's make the US a shithole & no one will ever come here!
reason 6 is finally complete, with record and everything. do you use 5 or 4 now? upgrades were pay what you want last year!
One step closer to the dream
Theres only ONE number you need FOR ALL your business telecoms requirements: 0844 880 2010. Globalnet Telecom
. Go ahead and order me one of those martinis and I'll see you there before long.
RT : Whatever #Capricorn values -- college degrees, money, or good looks -- their partner must possess it.
CAN'T WAIT FOR ARIANA'S ALBUMS <U+2665>
City Atty Goldsmith objects 2 motion 2 let victim of cop sexual assault to go by "Jane Roe".Why not just re-rape her?
Coming up on the What does #Super #Tuesday really mean for the candidates? Tune in.
you see me like everyday..
We love eggs for breakfast! Pair it with some fresh fruit or whole wheat toast and it is the perfect morning meal!
Retweet this if yu LOVE YUR FANS!!! because we support everything yu do and love yu no matter what! Yur so inspiring to me and othersIFLY 4
dark chocolate almond granola, I am your bitch.
RT : RT : **cries because tomorrow's Monday**
Stomach punched again! Still proud of the effort. Get em next game. RT : FINAL: Rugers 65, #DePaul 64.
Portland Police: Occupy Portland folks calling on reinforcement, stock-piling weapons.
Maybe some #RandomShoutouts tomorrow just for old memories! You guys are awesome
Check out CommunityTableRestaurant on Facebook, I just posted some new pics from my meal at Inaki's le chateaubriand. Crazy good meal.
New post: Good Writing Tip #1: Knowledge or Ideas
Toshiba Set to Excite the Tablet Market with New 10-, 13- and 7.7-Inch Tablets - MarketWatch (press release)
hell yeah! I cant wait man... I'll probably come on up a day early so we need to something that night
u should drink vitamins !!! haha ....
I really thought game development was a charitable cause.
Worth a shot
#thatawkwardmoment when your neighbor writes you a letter asking you on a date. Hey, I'll take it.
Happy Birthday Too My 2nd Baby Marcus Bennett (:
The only way I get alone time is if I lock myself in my closet.
Only Apple could unilaterally reverse how scrolling works and get away with it. (It does feel much more natural...)
Thx for the follow. Look forward to reading ur tweets!
i want a basset hound SO MUCH. resisting submitting the adoption application...
omg me too!!!
Happy Fourth of July! What are you doing to celebrate?
Don't we all just love homework?
Teacher: Can you tell me something important that didn't exist 100 years ago ?Pupil: Me !
My life sucks! can you cheer me up? Plz
yes we should hahahaha like on fb or what?
Just caught up on the #correspondentsdinner. is hilarious!
Well said. RT : Thankfully baseball resets itself every day
Giant PayPal button. Done. MT : I'm considering creating a web site to demonstrate how messed up America's political system is...
When i wake up and see Nika sleeping>>>>>
christian. lets party.
im so beat from practice
thanks for following babe !(:
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
Work killed me today! I'm fucking exhausted!
Nothing like seeing the sun rise on an insomniac run.
Good Night everyone :)
Aint bout money you aint talking about nothing/ let's talk money, let's talk about something/
All day! RT : Drop Love Not Bombs <3
is contemplating what it would be like to cover Queen's "Bohemian Rhapsody". Not impossible, but it'd have to be done perfect.
Shout out to #Eng9. Stop by to visit any time!
Hollywood and the mall oh ant the store lol
I find myself missing ROTHMC more and more with each passing year.
A6: It depends on the drivers, because the drivers of cloud determine cloud investment
Lost my glasses ;(
TRAFFIC TWEET
Okay we won't say anything. All I will say is to be ready to scream :) Good luck on your audition
I'm bringing the funky bunch with me.
3rd volleyball tournament in the last 6 days! I need a break
I know you don't but it's nice to have one
relocation? You haven't even met everyone at -this-location yet!
¤ Blaze with the fire that is never extinguished. Luisa Sigea
OH NO... Let me check into that...
I can't wait for you guys to say 'grab' in the Haitian accent b/c it always comes out as 'grap'
Whats good J? This is J Notez showin love, i have few questions, do you have an email ? get at me
You ain't wrong.
“: Berklee people everywhere in this joint. We'zz taking over the world. ” / Yes!
hey wassup how u been
This crazy bitch on Wife Swap eats only raw meat. No thank you.
Ball so hard muthrfuckers wana fine me...
Mostly I respect as the business woman of the #dash stores. I would die to to buying at
#69Factsaboutme 62. I always listen to music.
Texas Dems on the run ended when one caved and made a deal with the Reps
and I also ask about how they self-soothed or were rewarded as kids, and it usually wasn't food.
Thanks for the follow back! love to connect with RVA!
STFU, Alex. RT Alex Ferguson says Man City have bought the title. Starting City team = £161m. Starting United team = £169m
Bakers always does me clean
You need to come to #Columbus!
listening to red hot chili peppers got a big test tomorrow
party party party
True talent can't be hindered by who or what it is associated with. True talent shines throughout any circumstance.
so glad to hear that
Congrats to for winning our dinner for 4 from our #WineRev giveaway! Please check out our Facebook page to claim your prize.
Paradox that the social and political defeats of #JimCrow produced a vibrant literary, cultural, and religious response by African Americans
When u have feelings for someone you look into their eyes...if they don't mean anything, you just simply look at them
At David & Becky house wit the fam spending quality time & having dinner.
got it!
Know someone who wants more info about joining PRD? Have them email and come to the open skate tomorrow at 6pm!
Cassidy, thanks so much. Let me know when a good time is. All my best, Matthew
Holly fangirls too much
I hate st. patrick's day and living in chicago isn't making it any better
"Humor is the affectionate communication of insight." - Leo Rosten (via )
ok I admit ,when the power and cell phones went down I thought is it the crazies from ...fill in the blank
They always do...
Down by the track having a beer
cry with me bby.
Spend at least one night a year in the honeymoon suite of a hotel or inn.
a doubling penny is ~ $5M or ~$10 million at the end of the month, so if you live more than a month, a doubling penny always wins
My beef: Module was named "foo", became "foo2" for 2.0 release, but changed back to "foo" almost immediately. No release since.
: yes but I don't think u understand why we are where we are.
Had some body work done & they put my colon in the wrong place! Funny
RT : Proving the naysayers wrong can give the motivation to succeed, Tim Storm of FatWallet said at
Is THAT what it takes to grow taller?! ;)
hopefully soon !
This game makes me love Chicago more than I already do.
"If you want to enter this amazing industry of dance, you need Passion, Drive, and Commitment. -
Just had THE BEST pistachio frozen yogurt ! Yummy.
: Thank for the follow!
boo, are you sick?
#IAlwaysWonderIf I look as disgusting to you as I do to myself. :/
oh my gosh it's crazy that about 2 years ago I was standing right there now you are. I love you,and hope I meet you someday<3
Okay quick break from this project/studying...this OKC game is getting INTENSE!!
RT Please follow me :)
Love is ecstasy and agony. Freedom and imprisonment. Belonging and loneliness. It is what keeps us together when life tears us apart.
Night twitter <3
I just realized my facebook and twitter were connected anymore. I guess the twitter world has been missing out
Me not loving music, is like not having Asian problems....
Okay already tired of cleaning! Lol! Headed to a crepe cafe:). Ever tried a crepe before?
Love those Shamrocks!!!
check it out...
We're trying to get info out as fast as possible, but we know we're slow. +
Jon Stewart, FYI, Archivists with Masters Degrees receive training with alphanumeric cataloging and data buckets.
Did you just get my email!?
Headed to London in less than 24 hours!
#IWantSomebody but I don't just want somebody though.. I want you
How many scholarships does a team need to get a decent kicker?
I hate leaving the house when my son wants to play w/ me, but it's awesome getting to see him wave goodbye. Makes me excited to come back.
We took an L. Good game though.
you did ? Woaah haha I'm having some really gay drama. Lol(:
...are we old enough to go clubbing at pizza hut yet cause i really wanna
im out
I told my two year old sister i have hiccups and she got me a glass of water
“: is literally the greatest person ever and this is Manuela tweeting this” thxx means a lot
At least I have to make my stomach feel better.
had :-) a great time last night at Tricky Bizness studio. Thanks for looking out Seantre!!!!! lets go
que bella en el video, ganaras! ;)
thanks for following
EL OH EL
Dude, I'm doing that RIGHT NOW!
Avengers!!! Phone is off. Be advised, and
My favorite day of the year....
I <3 ! I don't even need CNN or FOX. He delivers all the news stories I need to know about.
Charanga Habanera at Cocomos tomorrow! I'll post photos on the website and www.lpmusic.com
The water show at the Georgetown Waterfront Park is back on in the evenings.
RT : I hate it when my mom stands behind the computer while im looking at pics or a video then ask "who is that?"-_- serious ...
I just said thanks for understanding and I'll do it every two weeks .
Girls!!! I finally got my triad necklace!!!!!! This is an epic day! *runs and flails happily*
Wow its beem seven months since I've been on here
You mean that little voice inside never goes away?! : ) I hope you had a blast and congratulations...it looks like fun!
Also might try and Both are good actor sites that let you set up a free basic profile.
#nowplaying Dirty Picture
tweet me:)
One of the lemon seeds sprouted. I know it's not the right season to grow them here.. Just wondering if it would! 7 years until it fruits!
Uploading My Day Yesterday (Christmas) Video to vimeo and flickr.
wishing I was going to Rock on the Range but I'm seeing Shinedown and Godsmack at the WMMR BBQ sunday
super 8 was filmed just up the road from where I live my wife and I watched it Friday it was very good : )
Ok... I'll RT yours and also ask her... :-D
An ice cream truck was parked 10 feet from my office window this afternoon.
An Angeleno's most critical decision off the plane is In-N-Out or sushi.
Can't imagine anything better than making beautiful ppl feel more beautiful at Skintastic..quote from Dr.Adelglass
Hi Mr. Army Medic! :) Yeah, I've been focused on it since early February. I feel really good!
CAUTION: surprisingly we were charged FULL ticket price at #Princeton Cinema the other day despite...
EarthLink Business Announces Three IT Services Product Bundles
The Marquette 22 will sport the Boathouse jerseys this weekend at Stevens Point and again the following weekend @ home vs Whitewater
Can't sleep so I'm off to the gym!
we should go for a wine pairing dinner sometime! I had the Risotto Lollipops the first time I was there - very tasty.
help me by having other people follow me i could use the support
boeing told their employees not to come but work thru their homes.
If Nash took a paycut & joined with the Heat...that would be sick. Definite Championship caliber. #HaveToWait&See
Hot and spicy or sweet and mild?
Baking today? What mixing technique gently combines a heavy ingredient into a light, airy mixture?
Is there a spotify playlist?
CDC clears Delta flight from Detroit after suspected case of monkeypox ruled out - Detroit Free Press
#FF The one and the only
hooray! yeah I'd love to get some climbing in, do you know of any gyms/good outdoor spots in the Vegas area?
Looking forward to it!
smart kid.
Love a #lifestyle special vacation 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
me too!! :0) I also make really good dark chocolate cherry fudge!
Tell us your story idea about collecting for the 2/25 American Craft Council show @ the Convention Center.
I need an ear!
:) My bro.played the drums for u like 2 weekends ago at his church?
I think the Packers should be allowed to play with an extra DB to help them catch up.
Cause baby tonight, your doo rags got me fallin in love again
Fuse is hungry for lunch. Pad Thai anyone? Maybe just a Teriyaki burger plz!
16 hours later finally in Hilton Head. What a joke. Thanks United!
"We some money hungry wolves / & we down to eat the rich!"- too true.
babysitting my niece :)
I also think that the slash in estimate for the Marcellus shale gas reserves is politically motivated.
Stacey Aldrich - would like a visual map of players / Amy Rudersdorf - more like water skiiers pyramid
Inter-planetary regulations prohibited the jettison of raw garbage into space. It had to be compacted first.
Ranked 260 in the world RT : lol guy with BEST clan tag...
mi tell yuh him name
do you work today!?
Looking forward to seeing your faces on April 2nd at the August Wilson Monologue Competition #AWMC in Pittsburgh. Free Admission!
No, sir, going to
Get me out of this fuckkkkingggg car!!!!!!
Shit i just knew i wasnt going to be able to go to one of the bulls play off games.. Soo pissed cause my mama went to the first game
well played. Just know that when Charles gets hurt again, I'll be KC's workhorse.
hate sleeping alone
Hahahaha anytime girl!!!:D
If anyone is good at algebra 2 and is willing to help, wanna skype? I need a tutor session:P Haha
I'm from Memphis but I don't know where The Toy Store is
Well...Her other favorite thing to do is grab the dog by the ear and press her face into Cabo's neck. Cabo loves it too.
i think some certain youtubers need to grow up and stop talking shit about me on facebook. :)
Uncanny Tanney: YouTube sensation gets shot with Buffalo Bills ...
#Palko is trying to compete with #Brady for most passes to the #Patriots tonight
When did "being a grown up" become synonymous with looking perpetually bored?
Did You Know? Low lutein levels is a risk factor for developing an age-related eye condition called 'Macular Degeneration'
RT loves to go to the dentist -cause he hangs out in our when he's done right Biebs?
come on now, look at the basketball elite 8 list. It has it's share of mainstays.
my pink lady says hi :-)
Always feel so fly after a trip to Hong Kong. Shout out to the steady hands at Grand Tailor in HK...
You're welcome, great article and so very true!
R.I.P Josh</3. You Will Be Missed Dearly D':
Miami is in dea
What did I do to these potatoes to make them turn gray? They taste great but you have to close your eyes when you eat them.
i been #gone 2 lond true or false rite or #wrong lol
My brother made an advert for morrissons with FREDDIE FLINTOF in it xx
The full list is too long for tweets, that's for sure. Skyrim, Batman: Arkham City, Battlefield 3, COD: MW3.
: Let's license & regulate online #poker in the Garden State! Please back S 1565.
And our patios open! Free of Irish regalia and green beer!
Just ate some sweet n sour shrimp from Lai Thai...damn Thai food is good!
At a park. I'm watching teens talk and play with their friends. Lucky bastards!
I will take a player who had to power run block in #SEC over a #Big12 player in the spread offense any day.
Look at us being working women!
Yeah totally! How did the season 3 EP1 go?
indeed there was! AND YES YOU IS DON'T LIE!!
If you really think about it, every girl sells their vagina. If your dating a guy and he always pays then your selling your shit
going to*
sounds dark.
Calorie free bucket of extra crispy thighs. RT I'm going to KFC, does anybody want anything?
Or Japan. :D
he has good numbers against feliz
When I played against Anthony Davis in 7th grade I had no idea he would be this good. I thought he was weak... Lol now I'm his biggest fan!
I PIERCED the TOAST! I need a pirin tablet.
don't confuse my attitude with my personality my personality is who I am my attitude depends on who you are
virtuoso: a musician with very high morals. (We know some)
that 6pm-11pm at the maritime hotel's cabanas.
Lmfao my teacher called herself being salty. Boohoo, sad story.
Love a #nudist discount getaway $100 per night visit us
It's a rainy day in Trinidad. Here to run my mouth:)
Hmm I think love is best when its not a necessity makes u appreciate it more ": "We all need somebody 2 love" #anthem"
Aww! I bet you tell that to all of the L.A. crime film followers. ;-)
Wish I could make it for #ypunderground I'm never in A2 anymore. I have a good excuse!
Love you, sis.
just started on Fez. really enjoying it. Then back to ME3 MP for me as well :)
": me! (:" cool cool we going see what's up
That's mostly the reason I came! I saw every animal. Haven't been to the zoo in years. It was really fun!
Braving a blizzard for my first NFL game!
95 comeback against Arkansas would've been my favorite would be mine, watching Rhodes after the game took away the excitement
Welppp.... Game is cancelled again, most likely. I wanna move....
Both work and class canceled today. Getting stuff done.
Girl Scouts have just posted up in the basement of Meiling Hall selling cookies, it's a feeding frenzy right now!
Thank you to all of our happy customers out there writing reviews! We appreciate the support!
Geez, did the OH Turnpike tolls get bumped up or something?
come get a drink with me
Bout to go grocery shopping.
good price too!
That was #dmchallenge2--I'm bad with hashtags.
#ImThankfulToJohnCenaBecause he taught me to never back down never quit! I have never quit and I never will
Ok this movie is gonna have to wait.. I'm starving.. And I need to shower
"I travel light. I think the most important thing is to be in a good mood and enjoy life, wherever you are." - Diane von Furstenberg
HEY BALTIMORE I AM GUILTY OF ROBOCALL: MAKING CALLS IN MY ROBE.
Griffin Foods shoot day 2.
It would be so awesome if gave us a shout out!!
Today was the perfect day. Until I got on the bus headed for the other side of town...
if you would seriously consider making one for me, I'd fund it...you can even use our kitchen.
No snarky comment this time, just shaking my head... RT : #wheniwasakid everything was more easier
hahaha, but BOTH of them? I'm worried I'll shrivel up!
great to meet you too! Looking forward to talking soon.
that g+ / muppets spot made me never want to grow up. and still never use g+.
Wish I could spend the day chillin' with !
I cant decide if that's the best or worst plot twist ever....
Instructing Core Synergy class at <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Don't forget if you're heading out to the game tomorrow it's a white out. Wear white!
All the world is Hogwarts. Get a stage!
what it is chief!!!?? how are you mang?
Walked through the woods, got lost, saw a broken up house, it got dark here, scared to death, ran as fast as I could back home...
my bro got a "hilarious" misogynistic xmas card (i yelled about it) and i cancelled my FB account
Good for McFly :)
mine too. You can just give me a couple wins though! Happy Birthday to your daughter!
Lmfao Sike. Never asked for a nude
do Olympic curlers have a coach??
"Nobody made themselves diabetic by eating sweet potatoes, berries and parsnips. This is food." ~Dallas Hartwig
Double YAY!!! I don't got to run 2day!!!
LMAO but I am the original Prototype & ever since, they've been attempting to make others to make the world a better place!
Too much PBR. Too much pizza. Drowsy...
I'm not so thats good for me!
Thank you to our latest followers:
#CSS (aka Training Associates Press) provides training tools which enhance the participants awareness about the communicating styles
Thank You Mr. Jim...! So Excited To See What God Is Going To Do Through Our Ministers & #WorldPrintingPress!
They always say that when a girl likes you, they throw gum in your hair (or bite at your ankles as the case may be).
hahah wait what does the first one mean
Quick non-soccer tweet. Has anyone read Divergent by Veronica Roth? Is it any good? If not, any books I should read?
made a green screen wall... was cool. little harder than I thought.
What, the fact that I wrote a negative review, or the fact that the food truck sucks?
I have done this very thing. "Am I wearing pants right now? Yes. OK. We're good."
#Rangers into the eastern conf finals. Home ice advantage for 7! #blueshirtsunited here we go
I am so thrilled you chose me to be your babies godmother (father). I won't disappoint! Love you and Nicki!
GONNA SMOKE SUM DRO,EAT SUM TURKEY & WATCH DA COWBOYS...
So tired but my throat hurts so bad
Fuck my foot! Seriously heal already and get on my fucking level
The Huffpost app just randomly started auto playing videos and music-LOUD. This is a HORRIBLE idea. I want to READ the news.
Entering notes into Kutub->HandBooks->Education. There is so much that needs entering. And then math, I need to transcribe math. MathML?
"What's that sound?" "Oh crap, we left the cats in the refrigerator.."
#Pandora til my eyes close.. Good night
"In another world, another life I'd still belong to you" </3 ... Cheryl cole<3
Saw tonight for the first time in forever!!
Check out ASG president ethics tomorrow in Star opinions section. It's a glorious day to be a Bobcat.
Dog: Bark! Me: Bark! Dog: Bark Bark! Me: OMG... I speak dog.
it said something about some say bad stuff about us?? then a link
The sun is trying to peek out! Happy Saturday. Coffee run at Beverly hills!
The President is dead cause they blew up his head
Thanks for the follow! Paul in Nevada
glad could find me for you. Hope you're doing well. Thought about you on #FNO. Fun times last year.
RT : Tomorrow night's show with Bull Dancer & , All Ages, Pay what you want, drink, stomp, and ...
LOST DOGS ALERT! These long hair doxies have been missing since July from the Ft. Ben area. Owners are still heartbroken....
So's everyone else. Mars needs designers!
What are the chances I see and/or at this Hit Squad show tonight??
Never again
#arentutiredof this heat?! like seriously i cant even go outside without being soo hot <3
Must. Focus. On. Work. #Yankees #Rangers #MLB very bad for productivity!!!
#ThingsINeed just one more chance to play volleyball before my surgery
r u a demi fan? read this blog by a fan about being strong &getting through bulling www.stopbullyingnoww.blogspot.com AMAZING
It was fab to see you at #Fosterly today! Mentors unite :)
Sanity is a luxury not meant for everyone.
oh thanks!
Phew, casting for our 2 web series is over! Twas a long, long weekend but we have 2 great casts we are very excited about!
What did the papa ghost say to the baby ghost. Fasten your sheet belt.
how long before we can declare Marc Gasol is better than Pau? Would that be a fair trade? Lakers & Grizzlies
Surfing Niall- Louis, how long do you think till their batteries die out? Louis- I dont know... I just wish you were Harry :(
Thanks all.
Glad to be through with my caffeine withdrawal
Now booking cam shows, custom clips, photos, bras and panties for sale! Hit me up! ;)
no one is saying that it wasn't the right play, the case is that he was decided to pass fron the beginning, he gets $ to take it
Yardsale @ clark high school. There selling whole bunch of girl stuff so go check it out!
just found out u won't do bf tag and I def. applaud for it. you are very classy and plus steves already famous!
me I do ill return the favor
I need to find a new vet for my dog, 2 surgeries and her leg is still not fixed.
I received a nice phone call from you last night!
How are you? Bravo on all your fine work!
MT : Proud to be part of congressional foster youth caucus, bipartisan group that promotes welfare of youth in care
Can it be May yet?
Flirting with myself in the mirror is the closest thing to romance I get these days.
Awww, Ill start up again soon, been super busy shooting !! RT : I miss seeing your tweets :)
If shots are on deck!! Haha<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
yeah..and that 18 miles was 'nothing'!! #patyourselfonthebackgirl :-)
If I could sing& , , & ceelow turned there chairs to me Idk who'd I choose there all great
White House scrapping Islam references in terror training guide. Just more Obama thought control for the ignorant masses.
S/o to our followers that's been ridin with us since the beginning
Every nite The Dirty Joke Show gets funner &funner. That wd make 2nite's show the funnest 1 so far. Come on out. 10 p.m.
Also, apparently no one noteworthy has been born on this day since 1995 according to !
thanks a lot!
You always were a big shredder. Don't forget the oil every 30pgs or so
Good point.
What's all this I hear about the Fastest Esther?
u got em wit u
A jerk who doesn't have a Lombardi Trophy.
It's up to you New York, New York!
And the best video of the year goes to
#FF What a sweetie. RT : 5%, you greedy little pig. I've never seen such greed!
Guys like you aren't relationships, your my exercise
I'm a ninja.. That's my job!
: I followed you but you didnt follow back.. :-(
hey follow me, be my bitchh(;
Note to presenters: always use the microphone. Respect hidden hearing differences
sure :) can I send mine later? Or will you be done by then? :/ I'm not home
Cardboard is the coolest thing evarrrrrr
really appreciate it man, i know you all have went thro a transition at the church so prayers ur way too. God Bless
might drink a little bit more than I should, tonight! F_ck WVU...Terps getting rowdy already!
Leadership - He who has never learned to obey cannot be a good commander.
Thank god there's always a tiny bit of body wash left in the bottle after you were sure it was empty last time.
That awkward moment when you take the train home with Kevin. Ha!
Hanging with my library peeps at TTRL's staff dev day
Tonight I will be heading into Boston to see - Drinking Gin and Limeade and wearing my web design hat.
it's SATURDAY morning!! Can we SLEEP in!?! DAMN! especially when I'm not feeling 100%
we're all hanging out son , I miss you both <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
T-Minus 2 weeks, 3 days until the Grand Cru is ready for Memorial Day weekend consumption.
Now is that unfortunate time in the day when pants must be put on.
thank you, so sorry once again... we have followed the proper steps and alerted the twitter folks.
Hey guys! Details will be released soon once we get 500 'likes' for Amurica Fest, so please spread the word!
Poor buddy, yesterday when i came home he ran up to me in my yard and jumped into my arms and decided to jump off and hit himself jaw first
I miss performing. Really hope we book another gig soon and I hope Max decides to stay in the band!
Obama on the DREAM Act: We should stop punishing innocent young people for the .actions of their parents.
Oh. New series of
Thanks to a crazy White Elephant gift exchange, my roommate and I are now proud owners of Samster the hamster.
It's morning and Friday. Beautiful combination.
RT : the ESPN strategy on NFL coverage is to have all their insiders report different things, so one of them will be right.
Its okay your going through the 5 steps of pain 1. ask urself y 2. cry 3. get pissed off 4.cry some more 5. turn into a fucking baby
you're hard cider
I have good friends with both. They both like them, my BMW 3 series has treated me very well
I prefer to for restaurant recommendations. Its better for finding similiar restaurants.
Hope everyone had a great weekend!!! Only 5 more days until the next one :)
is my favorite!... So there.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LOVE!
Now aren't you ashamed about what you said on New Year's Eve?
I know, me too, and I wrote it! I need to pay that truck a visit!
what a handsome bully <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Q: What's uglier...ghetto window bars on your first floor apartment or the blood spatter from a home invasion murder? A: It's a tie.
Bosch 281003096 Glow Plug Relay Bosch 281003096Discount- bosch relay wholesale
lol idk! Ugh can you see the stalker struck again at me?
Truth. MT :Part of growing up is not waiting in line at a hipster breakfast restaurant. Eggs taste the same across the street.
Need to talk to someone about a membership!
just Love on your career and it will love you back.
Enjoys some mid-70s al jarnow projected on a factory wall with numero group djs underneath
Grand Thief Auto, truly a beautiful game.
hahaha i know right? and no problem :)
RT For real can all the Lebron is better than Kobe talk stop now? Its not even close and I think the world is starting to see!
Twitter-poll: Did anyone actually see War Horse? Is that even a real movie?
There was this girl walking around school earlier saying YOLO every five seconds. I literally wanted to punch her in the face.
you got a new job? Cus you used to hate that job
Homie, did you really break out #TonyTerry? My man! Break out the original Blonde Streak.
#IBetSomebodyOnMyTL , is BROKE ; but stay swearing they got money ! (:
Jay Maisel is a god.
Yesterday= 2nd Wedding Anniversary= Awesome trip to the Apple store! A new 27" iMac & CS5! Torchy's Tacos to-go & a movie...A great day!
#schoolmemmories sitting in algebra and overhearing yell at her mom in croation hahahahahahaha
dormont pool has wireless. :)
Really? I was just at a rare bookstore it would have been cool to check. Wow re: in one sitting!
This class is boring me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Ain't No Telling What We Doing Behind Close Doors !
i think that series drained them in every way
The internet has gave #LAMES a voice.
I'm gonna go to the Apple store. Gonna drool over a couple computers I can't buy right now. Days like these I wish Borders hadn't died.
Sports and Fitness Things
Fat ppl lose talent when they lose weight. See Oprah, Luther Vandross, Monique, Cedric The Entertainer, Fat Joe, etc....
c'mon, guys, BEYONCÉ MADE ONE OF THE BEST MUSIC VIDEOS OF ALL TIME>!>!!!
Patris est filius - He is his father's son
I love you!!!! Can't believe it's been almost 2 years!
hey I love water too especially freezing ass water
Richard I at BAM. Tremendous in all respects.
: White chocolate Kit Kats for breakfast
The worst song of all time is BY FAR Don Mclean's American Pie. Please. Drive the chevy off a cliff. That song sucks.
Never smoke #tea it gives you head acks
can I?
geez punk.!!!
The coldness, it overwhelms me.
very nice! i seem to be donking at the FT too lately, lol. must be a bug going around, lol.
“: love it! Keep creating dude RT : “: I thought I burned all those... ” haha. You silly” all day
Congrats and !! So happy for you two:)
Dope creatives need dope creatives! follow-find-like-check-chat
um no!
Good morning and happy #WW to you too!
How about a follow back? I featured you as a "Young Gun" on
Being a luddite is fine, as long as your drug dealer isn't one of them. It's like, adapt or die with that pager, dude.
Does that mean we can expect to see you here this summer? Hope so!!
definitely give me a second
Hi! Have a safe flight. Peace
China Internet stocks have been on the upswing of late, outperforming the S&P500 by a sizeable margin over the last month $DANG $SINA $RENN
I get up in the morning and think WWKW (what would Kate wear) to work today? applying it to my graduation wardrobe this wknd
hey tweeters :{) <3
RT : CONGRATS to the graduating class of 2012!!
Learn how you can help write a better future from leader
oh god that sounds amazing
ahh trust me..we are spaz-o's
#FF <3 I miss her already !
Minor detail.
WE GOT THE BLOCK ON LOCK !!! STOP SHAK N & STEP UP ! 10DEEP MOB ROCKSMITH ROGUE KIDROBOT IMKING WE KEEP AZ SEXXY.
Tip for blogging: Learn, learn, and learn. Successful blogs are all about educating their audiences, you need to keep educating yourself.
Need a street team to promote your event, grand opening or sale? does that!
that reminds me I was supposed to do one in April I think xD
never forget the crew or us mahomies:(
i loved that c-webb dunk over ohio state. u?
Can't sleep
screaming and running for cover - hide your kids and dogs!!! Oh wait a minute - the dogs would love sniffing thru that!
awww that's so cute <U+2764>
: Who am I? I could manage the team better than you....from the bullpen..at least I'm awake during the games
Really? You think that is a BAD question to ask???
where have you gone dress shopping? E's graduation is next Saturday and I keep avoiding going out to look for my dress!
I need to spend time with my best friend. Its been a while.
Found out today that my sex drugs article for got selected for ' Best Sex Writing 2012 anthology
No pun intended? :)
Drat it all, I have things to do today that do not include playing #dubble - thanks,
Props to you! Nice...
For good health, your body must maintain a proper pH balance of fluids inside and around cells -- acid vs. alkaline.
I've always thought my ass marinated with jerk sauce in a 220 degree oven for 3 hours would be outstanding
Catch all the games you want today. Shit be cray.
.im FInally doing Laundry ..
Probably can stop right there RT Sen. Sessions on the floor, confusing
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
So tired
Wha - wha! The oil spill has been plugged and the financial regulation bill passed! Can it all be true?!?!
Dave Uejio: we are here because we are a family
Van Gogh should've cut his hand off because he was a chronic masturbator.
Guy Kawasaki and Robert Scoble are taking the stage #adtech (@ Keynote Presentation: Advertising in the Social Sphere- Deciphe...
Good morning tweets! A rainy day here in Nashville, TN but I'm blessed to see it!
You this read wrong.
#subtweet. I like it. :)
I knew I should have stayed home. Stupid key won't open stupid building door.
No one can make a bigger fool of you than you! No one can make fun of you better than you can
About to fall asleep in the computer chair waitin for 's ustream i must stay awake
New Version of ImageGear for .NET and Silverlight Released by Accusoft - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Keep up with the lastest events @ www.imaginarytalent.net
I totally agree! Solid, solid person. Makes me feel like I'm home.
That was...something. #JadedAsshole watching the
With the sweep over Bama the Bat Cats now have 41 wins this season, the 5th 40-win season in school history (1987, 1991, 2006, 2008, 2012)
Only if it's 1995 RT just compared me to Shania Twain. I guess that's a good thing?
DIY tip: Beware of oversurveying your audience!
Stay out of my shit & what I do. Fuckin' freaks.
Mary if you follow and you will get info on #cstweetups next one 5-29 McCabes 5-7
When you come home late, tap me on my shoulder, I'll roll over. Baby, I heard you
dude i'm worried about a MARATHON. let's talk ultras when I can make it through a mary without hating my life.
Did you ever see the movie 'consenting adults' with Kevin Kline and Kevin Spacey? If u did you wouldn't be singing that song!
“: Just pre ordered my Actually ordered two because they are so awesome! #FutureofGolf” Cheers, Michael!
MMA Girls! We were asked by HotTopicTelevision 2 reach out 2 our fans 4 a documentary. They r seeking fighters wives, girlfriends,ring girls
Its not even my birthday. But he wanna lick the icing off.
is currently addicted to La Dolce Vita Biscotti.
With enough hops, the difference between ale and lager is meaningless.
apple juice lop
Just had to air that dirty laundry, now back to work.
So I guess I joined Twitter...
Shocked to hear the Whitney news. Then, not so shocked. Best natl anthem of all time. She owned it.
Niners vs. Patriots at your pad!
fight with
I think I'm almost done
omg lets keep it going then!!!! hahaha
"We need 2 find an infrastructure 2 harness the good energy of people who want to make a difference." ~Geoffrey Canada THAT IS PANDO'S GOAL!
Our pleasure!
Spaz if you want to<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
I did! Seriously these effing boxes were tiny and weighed at least 75 pounds!
what was the hitler quote? DM me please?
You are welcome!! You were the one that waited for him at his hotel? :D
this is literally the best show ever
Hahaha we all have those days...
gross! Sorry, but it is really gross! Let's have a little respect here....
Didn't renew my membership to the gym, to many guys hounding me, I would rather work out @ home where it's more private.
Yes, the 49ers lost. Oh well. Moved on.
And thank you as well !
I know you met keone young he's friend with my dad can't wait for that episode :D
your face is cuter!
Make today count!! Take care o your body. Who else is going to do it for you!!
#Chrysler needs to remake the 300 commercial with the #hova song, with #NickFairley driving dirty.
20% is yours, dm me a good time to meet up.
Praying for Carly... I need my book buddy back.. You'll get through this girl.. You have to.. we all
I like this shot.
Greaton #megabus from DC to Boston.Expected a celebration now we have to deal with Secaucus celebration instead...#giants r the new
lol why we gotta shut up
That's where I need to be right now!
So I'm basically going to be at Kio Rio, Tilly's, Monster Energy Stages for
They def got roaches on the bus. Smh
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you! <U+E32C><U+E32D><U+E32A> 20
Thanks for the RT on job postings. Appreciate it.
Hey programmers, run "python -m this". I have that printed and hung on my wall.
Just got the word that I've been accepted to the Squaw Valley Writer's Workshop this year. I am so jazzed.
Well, it's kind of a multi-day process for a fussy recipe. Cookies at work Wed.
Hey my homegirl wants followers go follow her
!wish i
"Thank you for your note, sir."
yeah I get credit for not looking at the time... Lol
Sometimes people tell me my head's too big for my body. And I say, "Compared to what?"
Bing Gordon: Gaming is the future of education, not lectures and powerpoints
yes sir i will be down there Wednesday
Listen to News and Views now! Ever gotten into trouble for a tweet?
no but he has a great voice :)
Vote how you think best. I'm happy you are engaged in the process.
Never speaking to my family members again because I guess I have an "attitude." :p or I "talk back" to much .
Baking a walnut mocha torte for passover dessert.
mondays are the worst.
WHAT IS THE STATION NUMBER??????(:
I know lol you been lost ! :o
my sister got left at school bcus her ass decided to go to king soopers. she's so stupid.
My guess is that Romney says Obama claimed 3 yrs ago that Guantanamo would be closed, and it hasn't happened.
Ok we will plan it!
Watching y'all with Arcade Fire and Mick Jagger!
70% of College students have Credit Cards
Twitter's over capacity?
Rain, rain go away. It was beautiful yesterday. What happened? This is Washington. That's what happened. Ha!
Texting Joy... <U+E056>
Why you gotta be so mean?
This tarp roll-up sure is some production. Who's gonna invent the waterproof floor that shoots out and retracts?
There's golf AND baseball happening today! This sports year is getting started!
Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish
It explains the law of accelerating returns that says information technologies are improving exponentially.
Thanks for coming in today! and Hope you enjoyed your lunch!
Worst part of the semester: "No, you don't have that grade you wanted, because you did all the wrong things despite my warnings."
Cupids got a shotgun and he's pointing it at me!
I think hasn't been retweeting for the last hour or so - right?
Apparently sex sells so I'm offering you a 1% share in 'Porn flakes' they're like corn flakes but in the shape of naughty bits.
NaNAnNANa JUDY JUdE
“The future will depend on what we do in the present.” Mahatma Gandhi (1869–1948) Indian activist - Helps to set the tone for the week.
Hop on board the Soul Quatrain.
Nigga......you aint bout that life
Anonymous Targets Russian Sites For Putin Protest
Worst regret = going against your gut feeling
ME TOO! RT: "Union Square is without a doubt one of my favorite places in the world. Headphones off, sitting and just be-ing."
awesome Billy!!! POOF!!!
why is so obsessed with kerosene
we were also immaculately conceived. As were our siblings.
"Read my tweets about having the right skills to master your money"
Reasonably successful archives trip. Photographed over 3000 pages in 2 days. Now, to work through them...
the A40s are wireless though?? The only part that aren't is the mix amp...
joe lando is probably as old as half the actors play elders
Thank you we feel the same way :). Keep up the good work and congrats again on all of your success
awe.... You had fun? You didn't invite me :(
I bet Bynum punk a** will think twice b4 he get ta talkin sh*t now!
I know. I come up with them every once in awhile.
The most affectionate creature in the world is a wet dog. ~Ambrose Bierce
I was soo loose off the goose last night
There's something about inventing super absorbent towels that makes me want to beat the shit out of a hooker.
People who use Futura for everything are like people who use Comic Sans for everything.
it's my second! Love it. Needed a new one for work :)
Don't say sorry, just keep yer stash away from your subtweets.
I Can Turn Yo Girl To A
Seriously owned that dance. I regret nothing.
Work up with nothing on my mine but this Money. Truly Blessed!
Amen, you too! RT Working out my faith muscle today. Big moves take strong faith. Have a Terrific Tuesday!
we have the rooms ready and waiting. Hope you can swing a trip soon!
Thank you Kubel
Why Jon Huntsman is leaving the GOP (not because they’re Communists)
So...how high is the morale among coaches\athletes in BYU's sports outside football and basketball? Guessing it's lower than Death Valley
Happy New Years weekend!! Share your new years pics below!
9 opposition parties, ELECAM and CPDM party in Cameroon Supreme court over consuct of Oct 9 pres.elections. via
Thank you so much for following me im screaming and crying cause you 2 followed me thank you so much. :)
and I won't be home for good until January 2013 and as we all know the world will have ended by then
What's good twiggas.. S/O to all my new and old followers...
one day i will meet because she is so cool!! she is my all time favorite author!
Go, go, go Joseph! Don't miss #Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat Sing-along event on 3/26. Tix
happy april fools day(: follow please
No Offense But Uncle Magic Looks Like A Pedophile.
hahaha! Love it!
Trying to turn over a new leaf today.
it's all about the
sittin' in class texting #DylanMyBoo for life! & tweeting a little sick poor #angel #GetWellSoon ur angle is sick
Lunch today feels like vacation! Garage doors up, breeze, sunshine, island music. And of course, good texmex!
When you find yourself going down the wrong path...take some advice from my GPS...RECALCULATING THE NEXT ROUTE
game on!
first time i've ever seen that..woah
Cher Lloyd on the radio, that's what's up :D
The doll shop is beyond creepy! They are so close to finding A now that I am freaking out! So you must catch up!
so true. Have a safe flight dp!
don't do that I love you and even tho you think Iam hurting you I really just want you to be happy
Olympic Village opens next Thursday. There is one scene that is kicking my mental ass for memorizing. Study, study, study. <sigh>
Dope Video keep up the good work!!!
Animals are so stupid. How hard is it to look both ways?
lol no i mean like i liked the show better with simon and paula
wake up. roll up.
or if LeBron gets the foul call when Granger clubs him in the head?
:) lol. I'll look more into it then.
its really warm out and were supposed to have aa huge blizzard tomarrow. this fucking weather man.
What a beautiful day in #Memphis TN!! Time for some spring cleaning this weekend. I've got the "honey do" list ready for hubby! Lol.
New song sounds fucking great. <3 Can't wait for more(:
Word to the wise: Never buy property in WI with a driveway greather than a 5 degree incline. I have spent ALL DAY shoveling this mountain!
Smoking cigs with your window down makes you a target for pan handlers.
My boss bought us snacks. Everyone skipped the chips and cookies and went straight for the prunes. I'm staying the hell out of the bathroom.
#20ThingsAboutMe 17. I like to hang out with older people.
just walk around and take in the beautiful view :)
since when can you not go get a slushie??
Wish me luck Monsters.!!!!!! #Monster4Life <3 :)
always workin hard ;) $$$
1234 aha! Never gets old
bogus but true
"This all gets really tricky." -David Foster Wallace
Thanks for the RT!
ha. Now we know u have 65 "followers"! Ur so articulate. UK grad?! “: just shut your dick sucker fuck nut.”
it will be done no later than Tues.
YAY SHE'S HERE
Dinosaurs are scary!
more follows with every refresh! let's go liaaamm.<3
Think that we got more time when we're falling behind gotta make up our minds
I believe it is because the actions are done for the benefit of the image of the speaker rather than genuine empathy.
Got invited to Play California,and New YorK!nEED A drummer!YO!
Wife just told me to quit my job & that she would care of everything! Stay home and work on music she said!
#FollowFriday love to 's Jennifer Grant. An amazing person & truly gifted photographer & businesswoman.
Please use Pure Imagination!
Congratulations! Does that mean you'll be moving up our way?
#sunworshipping at ocean beach sf today was amazing
Specials sessions are a scam. How many years in a row has that been going on?
Who turned off the fan? I'm sweltering! Is anyone else cold? I'm sweating. I'm shivering.
their wine so whtver they deem nec. esp with a house style to defend. but these "green" cabernets might interest a new public
It's Thirst Thursday and National Cherry Cobbler Day!!! Will you be celebrating?
since the sarah phillips story originally broke, she has gained about 10k followers. funny, considering she had to buy followers in the past
This is in ten yrs if he doesn't join
follow back please (:??
#MyBiggestProblem running out of coat hangers.
If we knew what we where doing, it wouldn't be called research..... A. Einstein
Nice seeing you in that session! Might try to find you again later to properly say hi.
: I love you guys,two of the Greatest Champions of all time..Thanks for the Memories.
AU: interesting changes to Woolies produce buying/merchandising structure. New org. looks a lot like Coles produce business model.
if u can wait till i get home then i swear to you that we can make this last (8)
Amen! MT : Social media can prompt introspection as people become more aware of how they are and what they're about.
you should give me the cheesy rice.
Some don't think he really believes it but said so as a political calculation for a group they say he's already done TONS for
OH from : "The things I think are funny, just aren't funny. That's the problem with me."
Newt: "Get NASA out of the business of trying to run rockets." Uh, then who should do it?
Spoke too soon. Paisley looks a little scared now. I hate to think about her as a stray OUT in thunderstorms 4 years ago.
and radio cranked to the max
My mommy Finna ask me why do I look so sad. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
thank you. same to you girlfriend
Personally, I've been really inspired by lately - such good stuff!
Thank you for following us, we look forward to connecting with you and your audience. We offer LTC Services
Rhapsody in International Orange
Insomniac Emily is mean & grumpy & makes her dogs sleep in another room b/c they snore & she's jealous that they're sleeping.
10/4/2010 The Boston area's top 15 innovators Boston Globe
Gingrich is only stopping debate at this point, not making it better, by referring to Obama all the time
We already told people to go on ours :o
: Kareem, it was great seeing you today in center city!
also i like how you throw an "or" in there
And so many other small things add up: queues, credit card deposits, not having three hands.
Does anybody know someone who can paint a full body cut out you can stick your head through and have your photo taken?
I know that
Found the piece thats missing im looking at him
Shower time
yea they like 3 sum..when u can justcop a shirts and tell your friends to cop some ..I make the colors match the shoes u want
Australians and New Zealanders today commemorate the first landing on Gallipoli in 1915 #Anzac Day
Good morning
I do not despise Pleyel, but the game of which he is a part-- a game which nevertheless beguiles me.
Soda is so pain for me to drink...but I love it
has landed in Carroll Gardens for
lmao of course while your happy my Mother is making me clean while she watches tv <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
always so wonderful to see you! Great energy - you+me+Bonita=BEST ROAD TRIP EV-A! Shawman watch out!
If only school could be condensed into a montage...
I dont want to leave. Wahhh... But a beautiful wedding awaits back in Orlando. (not mine :)
Has your car ever broken down, left you stranded, thumbing it? Let's hear some good stories!
THERE'S SEOUL FASHION WEEK, BUT FULL TIME MILLIONAIRE...WHERE ARE U??? I KNOW YOU ARE RICH ENOUGH,BUT CAN YOU PLS APPEAR AND LET ME SEE U!!.
I'm so glad parking on campus is ample and affordable.
in Mikwaukee this summer. Hell yes.
I have sent it already search my tweets
Good a reason as any. And do you like the result?
Engagement season is upon us 45% of engagements will happen within the next 5 months. Are you ready? We are call us at (405) 879-7015.
ah can't wait to see the finished product!
If that worries, definitely *don’t listen to the BBC business hour on your commute home these days
#FF one of my best and loyal friends and supporters
you coming today?
awhh poor baby !!
Make this game stop. Sweet Christ!
Good point. Let's not all panic and disable our accounts quite yet!
Ok seriously, the language wing is at LEAST 10 degrees cooler than the hallway connected to it. How is that even possible?
What's up duke??? Smell ya later
let me know what I can do
My brother went as Dr. Who and he was so cute (he's 23, so I guess I should stop calling him that)
Be a better you so that your next be better than your ex.
You're so weird.
Awesome. Thank you, sir!
Nobody deserves to feel this way
My Mom thinks LOL stands for "Lot Of Love" she just texted me "Your grandfather just died, LOL."
#50ThingsIHate when people hug me.
good morning my love I really miss you I hope you had a great mothers day call me when you can :)
he fucking sucks, I hate him
YES, manage my hair for me.
Happy Birthday
I don't understand we try so hard and i still wait "JONAS BROTHERS WILL ROCK THIS YEAR" to come in top ten!! PLEASE FOR THE JONAS EVERYONE!!
The candidate should have knowledge of and interest in the federal and state securities laws,
Classic. red bull & Ravens jacket. I wonder who sits there.
ugh your icon kills me.<3
Since LinkedIn is buying Slideshare maybe it's about time I revisit my profile. I think I have an account.
welcome to new followers
I might have a couch available :)
I told her last night to get on but I don't think that it is going to be happening anytime soon
No problem. Have a good one!
haha. Thats why I bought both of ours *randomly throws phone in the floor and picks it up* and youre all like ugh dont do that.
hahha you know that's just the appropriate way to say "fuck bitches get money" Jessie's smart fu hahha
Dog eyelashes, what?
#thanks for an offer to help this week! Mine is basic: get back to conversation. How can you help? quick chats through the week :)
You're so obsessed with twitter, omg xD
me too!
I wish I had counted them and not been so hard on myself.
ALL #HOTPEOPLEIFOLLOW "EAT MORE SOUP" - FOLLOW TO GET RECIPES YOU ALL LIKE TO EAT!!
#hniu most people wrongly believe the uninsured are unemployed. What do you believe?
white widow old red haired guy style!
Indeed I was!
#HBCUFollowTrain follow me.
The awkward when you already said "moment" in your mind before you read this.
I COMPLETELY understand! I would just love to see u kill it on stage, I was too YOUNG when u were performing years ago!
United Federal savings and loan
happy bday bro
the pig had it coming. it was eyeballin' him.
I'd like to see you star in a movie where you're gay. And there are challenges and haters, but you bloom. Beautiful.
Can we get a phonetic spelling of the way they pronounce it?
this time last sunday we were sitting at the table eating breakfast together. ahh, I can't wait to see boo.
Super Bowl Time!
much appreciated E... RT : you do a great job of that already sir
It's Sunday Sunday Sunday...Superbowl Sunday!
thanks for the high five(: lol. So now you've met one of us, you'll meet brooke in Milwakee!<3 have a good night(:
Attention Fans and Clients...we no longer print out receipts and email them if you would like one. Thank you for your support.
Straight as a button on a christmas day coat man.
(Anonymous) Go as far as you can see, and when you get there, you will see further.
just watched 's Unplugged. proof that talent can be so damn sexy...and the little red dress was an added bonus!
My face right now (:
the most peaceful place in the world to me, my grandmas grave site. cant wait to be there later. only thing on my mind. happy mothers day.<3
Ommgg what is that dripping off of you ......is that swag goo?
It's so hard to get a tweet from Peyton. I still love him no matter how famous he gets tho<21 F&A
Please visit us for new opportunities! Best candidates are coming from us!
how did it go?:D I had to work :(
The only difference between a rut and a grave... is in their dimensions.
Comics, iPad, coffee, cookies, bed, chiweenie, cat, husband. Not leaving the bed today.
dont never hit me up no more smh
lol i havent seen it, but i figured id help the cause and vote! :)
Glad you posted that. I didn't realize they had released instagram for android yet. Knew it was coming just didn't know when.
Call me a dork but i'm fucking beastin at math right now . Hell yeah suckas. these people are idiots
thank u for all the wish. U r being selfless. Amazing! Hugs!
How you do that to your own teammate??!
Jack White Concert Asks Viewers to Create Digital Photo Mosaic - Mashable
Not all dogs can swim!Don't leave your pet unsupervised around a pool.Rinse him off after swimming to remove chlorine/salt from his fur
Not unless you eat Caveman Cookies! Check them out!
Hey Justin B has a leather jacket too! Yours is better though!
also, I like the new handle.
that citi really likes you? I guess all roads really do lead to the Citi
I'm proud of you baby:) I love you
WTF RT : Moaning Myrtle, in the Harry Potter series is actually 46 years old woman!
12 hour shift today and the rest of this week! Ugh fml!
The Verizon sales guy is in my neighborhood promoting FIOS, it is worth switching?
agreed, even if one lives in Miami and the other one lives in la
JoAnne Good on BBC London upset US news media not covering London burning. She has a point, stock market not destroying a city.
And the lamb lies down on Broadway.
Did I just hear say "Straight cash, homie" on the show? Must be Friday.
Stop #DischargetoNowhere! HEP salutes the efforts of
sorry bestie i fixed it so forgive me for that didn't do it on purpose i promise but I love you tho lololololol :)
I love that idea. Mad libs journalism.
shout out!? Possible follow keep the videos coming I look forward to them :-)
guys wanna see a funny video??
the ugly = famine, war, poverty, nuclear weapons, sex scandals in the church, malatov cocktails, sexism, AIDS = every good & perfect gift.
True, actually that building was supposed to take about 3 days, but rain delayed the construction
1. A trend I've noticed recently in job app process: more requests for letters of reference and fewer phone calls.
": Putting my ear next to my moms belly, as if she were pregnant. LOL."
Wikipedia: "'America's Sweetheart' may refer to:Meg Ryan, Julia Roberts, Betty White, Loretta Lynn, Kurt Russell." Kurt Russell?
Wonderful sunny day in #Manhattan #NYC. Click! Click! Click!
i want to go to the london games !
Have you heard of ? You will- it's a whole new way to do HR info and it is going to rock your HR world in a good way. Awesome!
Don’t Get Hung Up on the Tech
Mooch almighty is in full force today @
It's alright.
Attending today makes me so excited for #ALA12 this summer in Anaheim with , , and many more.
Top-secret government softball!
Charles Grodin, gripping his hair in both hands, screaming "NO, NO, NO, NO!" for all eternity.
I want to see you in concert. Put an album out regardless. I wish I could shake your hand and have a few beers with you.
Why aren't you going after a KNOWN criminal? Justice Thomas admitted to breaking federal law! You are UNETHICAL!
We just venting lol,
Not enough in the budget for an In house artist full time??
Really impressed w/Baylor Asst AD sticking up for RG3 after some recent criticisms. Cool to see from one of the best out there
Searching for former athletes, boxers, fighters, wrestlers and celebrities for a new competition series!
that sounds awful... and highly unnecessary!
#SeniorConfessionHour I have not talked shit about anyone at school this year .
CHOP is looking for an experienced Systems Analyst professional with PICIS OR Management experience. Please visit www.chop.edu
i would like to speek to u or chip. its not the houses but the samne spirit follows me. i cant sleep alone at night.
lol see tweet prev. to that one.
YOU WERE ON THE ELLWN SHOW!!! Congrats :) ur amazon make more vids soon plz??
“: Oh, so what are you guys' names...? Neil and Bob...or is that what you do? <--- try that one sometime” dice reference in 2012
right back at ya mate. ;-)
I love to play multiple characters, I love my personality but when I'm in character I love to be some one totally opposite from me : )
I would hate to be a couch in East Lansing tonight.
I can't believe I got all the way to tonight's without hearing about it! Must have been busy today! LOL
seriously, long distance relationships have it so easy these days.
I definitely need you to tag along for clothes shopping! :) Have a great day, Alex!
had a festive weekend including a Christmas Fiesta and Nouveau Nöel party... now back at work for a short 3 day week
Soccer didn't quite go the way I had hoped tonight but at least we didn't lose. I'll take the 2-2 draw. Bayern Neverlusen still hasn't l ...
It was back in August in Chattanooga, TN on social media in nonprofits.
Any Sports Journalists or Fans want to chat tonight?
Tickle Creek Trail in Sandy is first of what city hopes will be many trails
hopefully we'll see your cool threads at on July 23rd.
this bitch...
Stand By Me , And I'll Be There For You 24/7 <3
and now time to get ready to see Julia!
how am I out of black ink AGAIN? I just got one 2 weeks ago. How much ink to they not put in these cartridges?!
Authority+money+hearing only Yes Sir will change an angel to a monster
I needed you
Trill got bars.
aww I'm sorry! Yeah thank god I got over my sickness this weekend.
AH. That's so exciting!! You are so brave!
If Eric Bana and Vince Vaughan were ever to have a baby, with Mark Ruffalo donating. As disturbing as that sounds, it would be Edgar Ribon.
Be thankful for the changes you experience and for the growth you see. Develop an appreciation for how far you have come.
doesn't love me. ):
I would have to do cocaine to let Webbie touch my ass too
thanks for the RT facebook love!
Is 1PM too early to start binge drinking? I'm about ready for shots Jack. Chased by shots of Jack.
And bed time. :)
it helps when everyone is where they should be. But also kind of boring.
Hey!! Thanks for checking it out. You dig it?
Just finished writing this hot song but since I'm sick I sound like Lil Wayne -_- Robitussin and cough drops. It's Official
donuts or pancakes
Awww I miss you too ! “: I miss my ”
Happy B Day to the big homie
Check out my new band, A Recent Study.
Gym. Bought mom her mothers day gift. Shower. Study. Dinner. My day
You put in distance though.
What's done is done. Time to move forward and make better decisions based on new knowledge.
... is more detrimental. These asswipes need to focus on GLOBAL issues and stay the hell out of black womens psyche
Smith-Rowsey: 2. presumption of mastery (throw out previous accessories and master your world)
FREE Kotex Pantiliners at CVS... Click here to find out how...www.graciesbag.net
Found a ride to the grocery store with Lizzie!
Kanye west voice -on my way home-
DAMN!!! DAT ASS
We hope so too! RT : Love to be playing this game in Atlanta next year!!
Only if DJ EJ's present
i was suggesting that there are people who make wine who think it is true. which means your statement isn't valid.
Two of my favorite things, Cupcake Wars and Eli Roth.
Fat City Lofts developer argrues that zoning allows for this mixed-use project.
i'm so excited for Believe . Make my dreams come true &' maybe follow me. I believe you will one day (: iloveyouboyfriend<3
Today's date 01/02/2010 is a palindrome: A rare confluence of month, date and year that reads the same backward as forward.
your support is so appreciated! It's a hard fight and your help is needed!! Let the manager know you won't cross a line!
#ROT11 is back on!
Im in a great mood this morning:)
James Jones with a drop. SHOCKING!
black cannon and thirsty dog 330 summit ipa and thirsty dog Irish setter ale now pouring. Fish wraps and crab dip also new.
yes, egg white omelets in the morn, normal lunch, pre workout bar, amino acids as I workout nd protien shake after the workout
Mike and mike induced migraines are the worst.
Nice RT ": A4. Best entrepreneurs perhaps need mindsets of long-distance runners, agility of sprinters. #UBUSensations"
wat grade are in?
Appreciate it! You can beat up the kicker again pretty soon! Haha but not really...
No matter what skin tone u is... white yellow red carmel brown black or even black aF #IfYouBadd I salute u badd bitches.
I love watching u on da show u are the best
yay lol how im going to get it ?
If you didn't see yesterday, I'm a bad bad monkey and need to be punished.
Quiver & Quicksilver both by Stephanie Spinner; Nobody's Princess by Esther Friesner; Inside the Walls of Troy (C. McLaren)
Thanks Mrs. C, 2nd grade, for teaching me the value of mistakes, and all my teachers, for inspiring me to be one myself.
Happy Thanksgiving!
it's racist because you are insinuating that all Muslims blow each other up
Where can having a vision get you? Probably where you want to go.
An old favorite and under-rated album: 'Sentimental Hygiene' by the late, great #WarrenZevon .
I was in such a good mood today too & I had To answer my stupid phone & It got ruined in like 2 minutes .__.
That Amy bitch took that Ryan Dunn joke too far
Body aches....
Wow, super blessed again tonight!!! The River SDSU fam is awesome!!! And the cherry on top is this girl walking by gets saved!!! AGTG tho
Maybe it's just me, but creating a FB event for a SURPRISE bday party doesn't seem like the best way to keep it a secret.
ENKG... ASK VERY THIN!!! Slap the ask away and were off to another HOY!!!
Mrs. Villagomez just told me a story about a girl that looked like me & "beat the shit out of a negro" lololololllll
RT : 18 years ago I attended groundbreaking of Associate Center. Today I'll be there for the KS Campus. So much growth.
If they send clemens to jail and let that bitch casey anthony off, I need to move to canada
Private event and then all my wonderful customers on route. See ya soon!
So what do you think, can you get on board with ASKP (letters; not pronounced as a word)?
What did you get for Christmas? :)
you were right about this station, A Marie. Shit goes.
You must be dumb if your still awake like me.
im sure everyone can see the annoyance of this wikipedia shut down, at least this is only for a little bit, lets make sure its not for life
that Los Angeles Laker game last night made me sick to my stomach :-/
Inception. Great movie! but really makes you think
Oh & cant forget my bestie <33
I'm n a good mood...even tho I still gotta go to wrk
careful babydoll. Twitter can ban u.
Would you rather receive a romantic gift or a useful gift?
i will love you did me favor that you can help me meet my idle . please
Now finally to get some sleep...5hrs of sleep
Mary Kennedy made an ultimate statement: she is not silent any more! Poor soul!
if only they were riding in a Lamborghini, his life would be complete...
Nigga's in NEW YORK n shit smh can't tell nobody......truuuu
sounds fun! I'll be at on Wed and fundraiser on Friday
can't turn that down!!!
WOW CONGRATS!
I kinda really wish i was in a rock band...
I'm Blessed 2 say, I'm still standing! Thanking God each & everyday that through his Strength I've been able 2 Stand.
Everything has been said before, but since nobody listens we have to keep going back and beginning all over again.
Cousins popped in from Tallahassee, Fla. Good to see them and catch up on things.
For a second I thought y'all saw it together ahahah. But seriously why aren't you dating?? ;)
lol. The show. It's just hilarious. It tickles my ribs
Happy Birthday ^_^
they r trying to save their jobs
blood sugars are all messed up today, throws everything completely off - haven't been this tired at work in a long time
Bourdain's Boeuf Bourguignon, the left over wine and a stack of books that need finishing...
Lots of new faces around the orange and green halls...Planit is growing!
Why do psychics have to ask you for your name?
Gettin psyched for tonight!!!
The light fog in the air makes reality look like an Instagram photo. Is that what happens when something is bought by Facebook?
Hey everyone that is a blake shelton fan and even if your not, please tweet him n ask him to follow , she's a sweetheart.
May Day is a holiday about either worker's rights, or winding ribbons around giant phallic symbols. Depends on what type of hippy you are.
RT RT : Sat Feb 13- Another great Sat night show. Black Taxi, The Frontier Brothers, !
Can you imagine what Sarah Palin would have done in 08 with a story about how Obama bullied a classmate?
I should front page chuck one of these days.
the who dat nation welcomes you!
Prediction: Phish will start one of the 7 sets at Superball IX with Roses are Free!
The Bridge is closed tmrw, & all weekend. We're getting a beautiful new bridge, but the freeways look unkempt, abandoned. What's with that?
I think the Huskies are the only pick I have in the 16!
OK, is Pat McAfee throwing the game??? He looks awful so far today.
At the same time as studios are making the Hobbit they're allowing fans to vote on actors for the Runelords production.
im an egg to OMG
I took off and landed one once too! When I was in high school.
#MKTG118 Class will start in five minutes. It will go for two hours. There will be tasks to complete in Twitter about every 10 minutes.
Happy Birthday Chelsea Handler!
I can't find it within me to say the words "I don't care" to someone. The very essence of my being is to care for others :)
Biiiicyle Bicycle, i want to ride my bicycle i want to ride my bike!
Alf does Tai Chi on Thursdays.
Mice have huge balls!!!
#InappropriateFuneralSongs "It's a Great Day to Be Alive" - Travis Tritt
I want a chipwich
I told you I'm very random
we should be jealous of the Chinese buffet
Kudos to the sisters bf for helping to bring the cat in tonight, too bad it was the wrong cat.
Ty for posting this! Have a good day!
of course. in all seriousness though that has got to be the trippiest experience (in a good way)
": Me: "Is that necessary?" My Dude:"...Well, for me to reach my goal, yeah..." " (that's dirty) shhhhh!
May is #NationalBikeMonth! In WI, the weather is warming up & it's a great time to start biking to school or work, or biking for exercise!
WILL BE OUT AT COCO THIS FRIDAY NIGHT !! COME HIT HIM UP !!
hey guys, just got a tweet from this guy called zeb! he said hi can u follow me if u do i will be ur boyfriend! i was like never
possibly PS shot themselves in foot for long term goals... I think goal was just to get rid of FTP
We've heard that bartenders everywhere say that St-Germain is delicious.
Hope breakfast started a terrific streak of luck! Thanks for visiting us before you traveled.
agency life, ain't she grand.
The grocery store is where you go to find tosa moms or obese scooter people.
I feel like you're advertising.
Well, 2 of 3 ain't bad a'tall
Yo mama so hairy she wears a Nike tag on her weave so now everybody calls her Hair Jordan.
Cantt wait Only 23 more mins ! Iloveyouu a if you see this will you please follow me it would mean to WORLD to me <3 !
hey lady. O didn't get the info.
Going to the 9th. Just 3 more outs and Jared Weaver will have his 1st career NO HITTER.. It's on MLB network if you have that on cable.
I guess because he pass more then Russell
love a good road trip! what are you listening to?
Looking forward to meeting SOS Grimes on Tuesday. Could be a eventful day in Frankfort!
It's so nice outside today! I want to golf!
I have learned to deal with my flaws.... I've realized all of me is beautiful....even the ugly, stupid and disgusting parts.
Really grateful for my growing fanbase. I appreciate every single one of you.
Thank you all for the birthday wishes. Much love, Martin! Thanks. And Thanks for attending, homies. Good times
#FF are true #NinjasOfLife who face their challenges fearlessly & with love! Always helping others!
Big show
Smh. I Thought U Had The Balls .
Also just sat in a pool for the past few hours. It is 80 here!!!
are you still in DC?
If Lego star wars was ever casted at IUPUI I would b a hufflepuff on Harry potter! What a monday! Happy halloweenie! Weenies!
thanks so much :-)
I don't bother asking my doctor if my heart is healthy for vigorous sex. I show him.
he is cheering you up?! hmm you know he is with Jada right ?! watch it .
im on one too! Were twins!(;
“: After the Blazers game, my phone gets blown up by texts - all Felton related. The best text was one word: Feltdown!!!” classic!
not much man. Checked out your site. Sick threads!
it doesn't matter, I would have been better off not knowing my father at all considering he never wanted to be around
I agree with you RE: finding common ground. And I suspect most people on both sides do too.
that's so awesome! Hope u have a great weekend :)
": ryan#mcginley shot lady #gaga. not with a shotgun, unfortunately."
Catch your Coho Salmon sandwich before there gone.
probably true I need to try and get some rest.
Loved winning Best Resolution at Maryland Student Legislature and also loved seein , what an awesome treat!
RT : #happyhour tonight - live music, drink specials, giveaways #free pizza w/ RSVP of 3+ to
Lol did those guys really have you delete the picture?
lol you so gay...but muah to you to n I need my hair did yo
Italian is one of the most popular choices for a romantic restaurant.
well thanks man. Cuz I sure as hell didn't know what I was doing
yyea on twitter.. I guess thats good enough
So, Rich told me to STFU earlier, and I'm a little hurt by that -__-
Follow Back PLease :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! <U+2665><U+2665>
Your past may be cloudy, but your future is spotless!!
omg I can't believe Orson apologized to Mike
lol u already kno it --bro man from the 5th floor
how would you go about finding answerable questions? What if someone says
where do you get your fun skirts?? I love them!!
Testing tweetcaster for Android
yay! Can't wait!
love your last RT!!!!
hahaha better than being #Sydney?
Great day(y)
In everyone's past there is a love they can't get over and a summer where it all began.
#dc2nh just arrived at the fare with dc_vote
OMG I CANT EVEN!<3 THIS VIDEO IS THE MEANING OF PERFECTION <3
#Titanic 2?!?! Cool for all the folks that can afford more than third class steerage. U can find me down below doing the jig. :)
PLEASE PLEASEEEEEEEEESSEEEE FOLLOW ME :)
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
Yep that was a snake
oh yeah that was a while ago haha :)
&& i need to have a session im #stressed !!
Addicted to his love 'over powerd by his drug.
Admire the sportsmanship of Keegan Bradley going over to Phil after he made is his birdie on 18
who knew? AARP Magazine picks Wenatchee as one of most desirable / affordable places to retire
Most countries ignore US embargo of Cuba and Trade with them. Almost a joke. US corps would love to build factories in Cuba.
“: Trying to apply for Chesapeake CEO on craigslist” Nice. I would except glad to no longer live in Oklahoma...
ok. i officially joined a gym. i suppose i should unpack my sneakers...
"this is like sex and the city meets peep show" - (have British people over watching Girls)
I'm an odd bird. RT : That's a 1st for me. #HorseOfADifferentColor. RT Cuz
Thanks for sending this my way! I'm actually going to another event that same evening. Are you going?
Thanks. It would be less annoying if Klout kept a record of pre-calibration scores, at least. I'm looking into now.
CONGRATS! RT : Just finished in the top 5 of Louisville Venture Shark prelim round! On to the finals May 2!
Fantastic tasting yesterday of the Bodegas #Carrau line - the #Tannat Riserva is an amazing value; the Amat, Ysern & Arungua are top notch!
Yell at them to come back lol
prices slashed at www kandizone.com
Came down with Strep Throat... I thought I was too old for this stuff :-(
I can see my breath in my bedroom...did we skip fall and go straight to winter lol!
Two days recap at Freddie Mac Multifamily — Bad News: unemployment affecting recovering markets; Good News: we are skimming along the bottom
Hey there! Sorry, I have friends occupying my time this week, haven't really logged onto to Twitter. !!! :) Just checking in
I would love to. Email me at UW! :-)
Another twelve class/3 school/120 student week done!
aw you are too sweet ! hahaha! the quiero mas
am headed back there for the panel discussion around 230. Perhaps then?
And just now remembered that I told Lydia to stay put somewhere... but have no idea what town. Oops.
Milliron: to keep your brain fresh, be a rookie every year. Lifelong learning helps biz and workers.
Sick To Death :s :s :s
Just finished hanging with some of the coolest WWE members Eva.c u n green bay
Trying to find the better me
all i got to say is lakers better pull something out of their ass QUICK!-.-
callback for international commercial today
Like , we're almost at 1000 followers. Help us get them! Please RT! Only a few more to go and we're there!
Why am I in Lyons?
Having #sex doesn't make you a #slut, fucking everyone and their brother does.
One Direction. That's All I Really Wanna Do.
They were leaving before the game was over RT : Where r all those sorry ATL Hawks fans who were talking trash before the game
The 5th Annual FIRST in HAWAII Robotics Regional
Bachmann thinks following the Constitution means we don't increase debt? Funny she didn't cite exactly where it says that.
Thank goodness I get payed tomorrow.
Getting ready for todays 3pm Matinee show at Broadway Comedy Club!
First Hickory Street Cafe experience. I've been living under a stupid rock for 3 years.
woo hoo! Nice lookin' stuff, great job over there!
I'm going to bed...
For the Kingdom of God is not just a lot of talk; it is living by God's power. --1 Corinthians 4:20
I just changed my first flat tire
i got 9 more directs today welcome to all of you! thanking you way inadvance!
It's nice when someone remembers small detail about you. Not because you keep reminding them, but because they actually care.
Just got out of church.
Of course we'll be there! If not in body, then in spirit. :-)
T.G.I.F... Do you like it hot or cold? I'm missing the random heat wave we had...
Thanks Jim!
*Leading to the back of the SUV* No. We’re here.
#imagine Zayn is in a hot tub, you sit on his lap and you can feel something hard against your legs.
Hah! And my mathematically challenged follow-up. Still, baited breath on who survived thus far. Thanks for update.
Happy Charles Dickens' Day! Google has a snazzy logo in his honor.
Also thought the idea of needing space to collaborate and space to reflect was right on! Creative thinking requires both!
I love my husband and daughter 2 death no matter what we been through in life
Florida paralegals - don't forget about recent amendments to rule 1.720 - impress your boss and remind him/her to file the cert of authority
thanks Paul - we were so honored to have involved!
Thank you very much- you guys are awesome!
1st Lady #MichelleObama will speak at the opening ceremonies today in Colorado of the 2012 Warrior Games hosted by Committee.
Crackheads! Twelve o'clock!
Lunch beings daily at 11:30AM until 3PM and is $11 Monday thru Thursday and $12 Saturday and Sunday!
did i ever say thanks to this? thanks!!!
McDonnell repealed law of 'just' one gun a month despite deep dismay by survivors of VATech shooting. What good have guns ever done?
#Queensbridge you already know.
Librarians should be knowledgable in social media publishing best practices. How to cite sources, etc.
I think every1 should just drop this stuff be4 they make themselves look even stupider Walk away with at least a little respect for yourself
Good Morning Everyone! :) ~Tisha
I am A #FREEMAN Today It's
so tired, school in the morning. :| summer... please hurry. goodnight twitter!
thanks pretty :)
": Getting a hundred dollar gift card from Bank of America. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>" to the bakery??
No, thank you! And I'm glad you enjoyed it. We had fun too!
just ear-holed Larry Summers
We hope to see you at #CSM2012 tonight. Visit #USC at booth 544.
I love it that you two had a huge conversation while tagging me haha my phone was running out of breath
my stomach hurts so bad, like, sharp pain. i hate everything.
I do my best lol
fuck, anyone wanna text? im horny af
On the ground in DC. So this is what summer feels like...
We'd gladly trade some Internet marketing work for some awesome Sammy's food :)
zayn is not vain, why u just insane I would like to play a game, and yes you can have my namee<3. Lol this doesnt rlly make s ...
You burned bitch, I heard the story
Right back at you!
Thank you Parents Alumni Fans of all four Jesuit shootout schools Espn Boston and the Fairfield Patch for 1,100 total listeners!!!!!!!
QWrap) David Bell, Houston, Learning & Development, Great questions tonight!
Presidents don't run shit, they're just elected to play their position. This world is run by very few people.
Kiss my ass please ! I asked you nicely.
Omfg! Why is he on the phone
Getting ready for 6th #CoStarGo demo today! Let's see if I can go 6 for 6 on people FLOORED by this new product!
MAKE UP YOUR MIND PEOPLE! LOL
Celebrating Women's History Month!
con gusto!
At first you didn't mean that much to Me, No, But now I know your all I need, the World looks so brand new now that I found Love.
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.- Abraham Lincoln
And to clarify, again, the event is on the 24th NOT the 31st. Please spread the word :)
Gorgeous night with Pat Bell and the ICI at BES!
pretty much. a 162-game season takes away some randomness, but a 7-game series is pretty random.
is that going to help you take over the world
Jones is a stand up guy. It was a lot of fun to talk to him about who he is away from the cage.
Why didn't you stand up for the wave? Do you hate having fun?
Every week I fall more more in love with - The lighting choices just make sense for the marriage of the real world and fairy tales
Fuck lebron. When he doesn't win a ring I'll laugh again
crazy. Armenia and Paraguay is such a nice area too...
Has anyone signed up for the new Microsoft SearchPerks? Sounds like a good way to get people to use their search engine.
Great day for #coworking outside on the patio at Julie's Coffee & Tea Garden in Alameda
In a poppin mood, having some beers, watching the rangers and mets, bumpin to dreamchasers,
Hello, Jiggles!!!!! How art tho? :o
If I can figure out how to eat ice cream and nap at the same time, this day MIGHT get better. Otherwise, end it, please.
RT : There's nothing wrong with being Gay. Love who you are & embrace yourself.
I was pissed
follow back? =)
My HP laptop was stolen out of my friggin truck a week ago.So we bought a macbook pro and it is weird,hard to get used too!
Nature can do more than physicians.
it's such a good song!
FRESH OUT THE STUDIO.CHECK OUT THE NEW TRACK WIT MY BROTHER LIL SOUL FT.ME......FEATURES FOR THE LOW.....MODEST LUXURY BE THE LABEL.....
looking forward to meeting you! Hope you can make it to the RRAFF &our screening of Lost Angeles Ward.
Maybe they can't see the endzone because of the snow.
Corbin: It's getting a little more intense. I'm excited but I'm a little nervous at the same time.
Pacers better not screw this up!
awe thanks ((:
Boy bands singing about cyber sex. Yup. Thanks.
#MKTG118 There is no task on this one. I will slow down to give you 10 minutes between tasks.
had to do it :) " #3words you'll never hear: LET 'EM LIVE" -
I'd say a classic old-world Old Fashioned (no mashed fruit).
Ok people starting to show up... I wonder if anyone at this concert was born after 1980.
That was quick!
Yes! Nice to see them win.
So there's a new black guy that goes here hm
#SomeFactsAboutMe I LOVE SINGING IT'S LIKE MY #1 PASSION IN THE WORLD
Never-ending coffee. Never-ending amazingness, no?
Kinsler needs to hit a walk of homer!!!!
Buhbye Returned you to store after 36 hours. Hello
Very many thanks!
- its going to be huge.
Celebrate St. Pat's day with Irish specials at Talin Market 3/17 from 11-6, with many ABQ Food Trucks on hand!
thanks to everyone who made my birthday special. thanks for all the goodwill & cheer.
:) RT : The kids are so excited that the Smithsonian video game exhibit will be open when we go to DC next month.
what did he say?
Davey Richards (c) pins Erick Stevens with the Saito Suplex to retain the Underground Television Title.
The sooner I go to bed the faster I can get everything off my mind
Congratulations 4 baby boy, thank God he doesn't look like me, now we all can rest easy
First day of school tomorrow... Freshmaan Babyy!!!
why thank you.
and go on the boring ass ride. Lol
I'm tired of hearing that 110% is not mathematically possible. Yes it is.
aww that's a great one. im working hard on a Mr T Experience one but cant quite get it.
you just broke 500,000 while in ATL. big things there.
I really miss churching with POC on the weekends. I felt as if the dues were a huge as donation to the basket. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>$$
Okay "big daddy stud" I see you with the twitter game on lock! LOLOL
Bored,Who Wants To Talk?
ya boy rose hate him now
Yes! I finally get KFC (Kentucky fried chicken) for dinner!!!!
Omg I made it thru that damn accounting final...I need a drink after that
why you say that. Patience and time management. 2012 will be even better
"EVERYTHING IS PERFECT!"
My feelings on the Tim Thomas situation? I'm over it.
how's the pig?
jr sucks he hasnt won in years. I like 18.
Im missing kathy already
Goodbye And boys :) Springfield or bust!
Wow 's hair is much bigger in real life!
java.lang and music app
where are you wrestling theses days?
did the population decrease inMI?
#gross #reallyreallygross RT : this bed is squeaky.
Boom! 30 min left! “: As of 10pm, we're at $6.9 million with over 34,000 individual gifts made! Can we hit $7 million???”
pshhh. I'm still the coolest sister. DJ just hasn't noticed it yet. Gay. Congrats on the win coach
If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business. B. C. Forbes
RT : Street repairs are for more than just cars -- makes it easier to bike and improves neighborhood quality of life
Oh well, Sky season starts soon enough.
Wait really, a 6 hr song?! : Takes a long time to make a 6 hour song
Yeah. That seems like the kind of thing most ppl should be able to unequivocally say they did NOT do. Unless, in fact, they did.
will do. My family is in Zebulon NCacalaka! They beautiful people.
Reading BPP article=set my head/heart right this Fri. morning. Truth=more complex than fiction & integral 2 transformation.
That looks so good! Bring some to me NOW!
hate doing my hair when its not cut ugh.
HELP! I'm still in Virginia.
Control me, console me, cause that's just how it should be done.
Thx for the promo for splashfest
Not with an anxious tween in the mix? Are you having fun, my friend?
I'm watching Tom Jones. Do you think EV will still be performing at 71 years old?
What if there was a zombie apocalypse? Half of y'all monkeys wouldn't make it. Y'all be tweeting instead "dam this zombie crazy af"
Big fat crack down the front of my phone screen... Over due for an upgrade... Should I do it?! And what to get now? Ayyyy!
Perrish Cox trial moves into day two. At least one Denver #Bronco to take stand today.
are you in florida?
Grossly underestimated (50%) how long it takes to bike to Ballard. Missed Yoga class but ended up riding for 2 non stop hours, yehaa
The excesses of love soon pass, but its insufficiencies torment us forever.
looking for recommendations - books on history of clothes, costumes, hair, ornaments, period dress, etc.
I mean... right? That was news in 2008, probably earlier.
this is the woman you are standing next to.
Leaving for Thanksgiving weekend? Need someone to take care of your cat while you're away? Give me a call!
Its amazing how the loss of one young life touches the hearts of so many people
Soap oprea rappers all deez niggas sound like all my children
Patriots calls a Timeout. Minute and 1 Sec Left for the end of the First Quarter. Brady trows a Incomplete Pass.
who likes me icon? I Love it !!!
I've completely lost my voice. I never thought I'd say this but thank goodness for texting!
museum of modern art la jolla is a great sight to see, check it out:-)
I'll buy you two...
bout what.?
are in the lead 4 a autograph from ROSHON FEGAN! why aren't you? :) JOIN THE COMPETITION NOW!
Steaks on the grill. Stomach growling. Bring it on!
Man, I constantly get frustrated over and over!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Thanks so much Sindi!
Poor people risk there lives for people that they don't know that's nice of them #9/
The Norris Center for the Performing Arts in PV is a neat venue
yes but everything is just 2 miles from home...work, shopping, groceries ect. That's y I thought it was the network area...
our pleasure!!
Im bout to step up in this all white party. Shut'n it down.
On the road to #aam2012. Listening to the radio report about the Smithsonian's video game exhibit. Its getting me geared up!
Teaching a seminar on social media marketing and PR today!
Taking a moment to vent because #microsoft #office2007 really just has one of the worst #userinterfaces I've ever used... especially Access
Neighbor, watering the road will NOT fill in potholes with asphalt! Adjust your sprinklers. Now.
RT : Use VOIP voicemail scripts to drive phone calls to offices of decision makers -
let me know when you go to new orleans
Just have your butler get the milk from the cows in the backyard, rich boy
shucks, thanks Candy. You helped inspire me to look ahead and pay attention = YOU ROCK
Spring Fever!!!! My eyes can't stop watering!
RT : Decide what you want .. believe you can have it, believe you deserve it, believe it's possible for you
I'm obsessed with that & song Down On Me!
Alright! RT : not yet. Once its official for sure.
omg.. Ari just said that she would really love to come to Hawaii... Ah! fangirling atm. :O
Apple pie and milk yum.
False friends are worse than open enemies.
Was it giggly or annoying? I seek eye-rolls from girls who know I'm proud.
It's safe to say Kevin Garnett is the best PF in the playoffs
it wuz bomb
Here's John Cena!
LETS MEET
no one EVER text me ! forever alone :/
Her lover and soulmate
birthday giraffes? Hell yeah! oh I just can't wait to be king :)
It stopped!
lol, yes, but I'll still party with ya! Nicole from Paper Scissors Print is my date
Starting a Nonprofit? Let Charity Nation handle your LLC filing. We develop and file your forms. Get your #charity moving. #nonprofit,
You know sitting out in the sun watching a soccer match can make you tired.
i wasnt here dis morning so
Is some dumbass at an art opening in Japan looking at a painting saying, "it's so Methodist!"?
That feeling when someone asks to use your phone and you're hoping they don't find your nude pics from a one night stand the night before.
Life would be better if you had the time for me.
You too! What's the special this month?
well give me her name I will follow I dont like when people get bullied x
RT Everyone take a moment to process. RT Today in class, it finally happened: "Who's John Lennon?"
& thats why i miss cali cuz any random celeb is out in L.A
OMG are you trying to break our hearts?! KYOOT!
Y son loves me, its 12:35am he's fighting sleep, but I got a thousand kisses
District elections should be put on the ballot. Let the voters decide.
g'morning! Have a great Friday... I'm off to sleep so I can start mine so it's Hi and Bye :-)
It's too bad physics doesn't allow for guitar harmonics to have a 4th. That would be convenient.
yeah, i messed up on the thingy lol
Maker of Space Shuttle's rocket boosters will launch space taxi service in 2015. I wonder if you're suppose to tip the driver.
next up to bat: Kevin at #dfwsem keywords, campaigns, and clicks--who's excited?
: On Earth Day, Fox News criticizes "nature" for being "not very friendly to human beings." Is today comedic Monday on Fox?
i really suck at reading aloud- apologies in advance to those attending the virtual book party ;)
will do all that I can
nah, I just consider the source....
I can help you with those tonight. Nails, that is.
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! up to 65% off. www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
I need to stop all this "smiley, butterflies in the stomach" nonsense :) #nahh jk, I don't mind it all that much :P
This year I've sent 2600 emails, an average of 9/day. Thought I was sending twice as many, but its only up 1/day from my 5yr average.
I feel depression.
then are you stoked for star wars kinect? Looks really fun
Nah this is dope shoulda made it this one
Just finished Chapter 5 #GGWD WOW - great stuff <h1> can't wait to learn more </h1> :)
The Maryknoll Catholic Mission in Peru, 1943–1989: Transnational Faith & Transformation by Susan Fitzpatrick-Behrens F'08 out from
PS I just feel YAY ME!
. If is like , you could use time out of the house right about now. Hormones and everything.
Thanks for the follow. Have a great week!
It's not just cable/satellite. I get over the air and I can't see 2, 6 or 8. I want the music awards!
RT : Follow my evil twin
Thank you sir!
yes, Over the course of my Sunday I watched 4 movies…. 3 were xmen related.
RT 17yo arrested in Wed's shooting of a 13yo leaving bus stop. Teen says he was firing in retaliation at others, NOPD says
and Christmas is about snow bunnies... may day as a celebration for spring was around well before so called workers day.
thanks for the so =]
At blaisdell concert hall watching Stephen Agustin and the Fourth Wall open for the Shins
darn. If it wasnt @ HOB, I would try to get on the show. Makes sense; he likes riffs, we like riffs.
LUV this reference. Verify me! RT Hey, that was Werner Brandeis doing the Discover card commercial. His voice is his passport.
Anyone else notice the Smith shoutout on the daily show on Wed?
it worked ...
um. ALMOST worth it. LOL
how is that?
What's up with this rain, man?! -.-
Getting new headshots for the new year the price of fam.
Only after I'm satisfied with it. Then I have someone tear it apart. I just hate 99% of what I write the first dozen times.
what I luv about tamera is her authenticity. u all inspired her and she reacted.
We're having lunchtime bootcamp outside today. Sunshine + workouts FTW!
Last day for the WMSE Burgers. Get your booty in here and slam one!!!!
my phone got stolen on Thursday <U+E403> I'm waiting for my replacement to come in.
long day at school so tired
Please follow me cause I've been with the Janoskians since day 1 :) and I will be there till the end :D
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
It was a joke...but seems to be gaining interest...hm
My neighbors have bags of Yellow Pages on their doorsteps (they've been there about a wk), but none for me. I opted out:...
where are you hiding?
Steven is the sweetest. <U+E329> He makes me feel 100% better 24/7.
#OOMF is CRAZY!!!
Likewise! :-) Have a wonderful weekend.
my fantasmic CD as well as my 2006 Disney hoodie! :)
Quirky kids make teaching awesome.
99% of the male population is attractive in some way. The other 1% go to your school.
sounds good to me. , mary crismis 2 u 2! And yes, I just used one tweet to reply to both of yours.
of course!!
Keep the killer stache!
Spending most of the night in the hospital. Hanging out with dear old dad to make sure he obeys the nurses. Geez, he can be stubborn. :)
Incompetence knows no barriers of time or place
So what #craftbeerandfood is everyone bringing to #MKEopeningday?
feeling the TAPER!!
Exactly....its not the Hall of Good...There isn't a need to induct someone every year because its "neat"
So sorry for you're & Larry's loss. I'm a old friend of Larry's from HS. Prayers for your family. <><
APAC Assembly tomorrow!!! Are you ready?? We got the talented Jennifer Chung coming here straight from Cali! Peg Ballroom, doors open at 6!
Overcast, chilly, crappy ish
good morning y'all. and to all the mothers out there
Sounds Good to us!
My mom sent me a few gifts today. I love my Mom-ster! She's the best! I don't deserve to be so blessed. God is good. :)
you got pretentious titles down-almost ready for academia! :-)
This game is off the chain.
i need to find a vespa or something similar on the cheap & quick. im feeling restricted.
I’ve always worked very, very hard, and the harder I worked, the luckier I got. - Alan Bond
Lebron two misses at the foul line losing by one with less then a minute left... Hahahahha...
Wonderful! Glad you did receive it, after all. New August prompt soon! :)
RT : Prop 8 ruled unconstitutional. Heterosexual couples advised to retreat to marriage bunkers & await further instructions
IDGAFOS is one of the only things that keeps me going to work - I listen to it every morning before my shift. So beautiful.
you'll rip my asshole open I'm 2-4 on pro.....
I'll drink to that!
I'm a non-practicing vegan.
I gotta move out this state..
Damn!!!!! I knew it. Dont sweat it Soh . . . And thanks for clueing us in
The draft dodging, flipflopping,lying, backwards on equally, job killing, bullying, inconsistent #GOP candidate
jcwestern has a HUGE SALE in both stores or online
Nice seeing u last night! I'm sorry i came too late ;)
Thanks for sending that over!
Something similar in studies of trust: "scientists" are more trustworthy than "academia," "journalists" more than "media," etc.
where at? Your crib
Took my son to Texas Roadhouse for his 16th birthday today. He didn't want them to sing to him. Boo.
I'm a few rows behind you on the L side in gray sweater & black shirt. Hi!
Metta World Repeat.
The fact that a product is called "herbal" or "natural doesn't mean it is cruelty-free. Luxe Essentials is 100% cruelty free.
Joe Flacco has been Joe Cool since birth. The man didn't cry when he was born. Thats how calm he was.
Fraud is the homage that force pays to reason. Charles Curtis
I'm not sure /:
Yankees VS. RedSox Tonight!! 7pm! We have great specials all night for the next 3 nights...check it out! Wear a Yankee shirt get FREE knots!
Can't seem to focus when #JonHamm of keeps staring at me.
Who is the bees favourite pop group ?The bee gees !
Thank you :) she's crazy tho ! lol
Btw, liking the name!
I'm trying to get a tan & I'm sweating like crazy!
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 12
"Stun marks" are the result of tiny explosions inside the crystal of marble.
Kicking it off with some Willie Nelson we'll be here until 9pm tonight.
ROAD TRIP TO AUSTIN
Frustrated today by rude teachers school. Don't understand how we can keep attacking each other. We're all on same team!
Drive is both incredibly odd and incredibly familiar.
Have you tried ? If so please tweet/ YELP us and let us know what you think!
The Lorax was really good! :)
I think I'm late watching this video but it's so good! I cried! RT Best Job | P&G London 2012 Olympic Games Film: via
Things went so well! Thank you! Great to see you too! I'm sure I'll see you around. I can't seem to escape
The train has arrived...
Cuddling up to someones cock? Wow. I must have been whorny lol.
I did #mothersday with Mom last weekend. Was in #lacrosse until late yesterday.
#worstmovietitles Run Fat Boy
sumonemade this 4 u guys n its so cute plz watch it n post it on ur profile www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJnrtoGDjPY
Racine Park's Reed Schmidt wins the running event performer award at MG Invite, winning the 600 and 800.
Lacrosse players have chicken legs
Flower Drum 16-Bars
A Hummingbird rescue = A great start to a Friday morning! :) Happy Friday!
Father in heaven, on this day I acknowledge your Son Jesus as King of creation and King of my life.
Hey Liam, sorry but Chris got all the looks in your family ;) #sorrynotsorry #sucks #Avengers #betterluckwithyouroffspring ;)
your cute! ;)
Harmonious Funk, the newest addition to the Reji Lefluer clan. Getting it in!
come into and get some $1 tacos n later get ur singing on,karaoke,at 9pm-2am
“ That third person who always gets in way off an relationship #die #fucku”
glad I can help make your two day dream come true!
im bored
Wicked cold hit me today. Feeling like death. .0 is helping, though.
sorry, I'm guilty as charged ("but it was just one tweet, officer, and we were stuck in traffic!")
was pleasantly surprised to call #Verizon today and immediately reach a friendly, helpful, person!
Its a beautiful day in Miamii! Love this 80 degree weather!
SMH what be on niggas biscuits??
Something is seriously different lately and I so like it!!
Habari gani? Ujima! What's one thing you have done to make the work of SWING a part of your local community?
hahha like always ;) im really missing yu right now wallah !! I have one in ma hand too homie
GIT IM RT Grab a bagel and prep your costume at on Sunday at 11 so we can finally catch that nasty
Well, well...here I am Buffalo, NY!
The comfort food I crave the most is __________.
To all of our followers: thank you for following. We will keep you updated with the big moves we are making in hip hop.
I like ARI and the Under in that game
ohh woah. ha & nope not yet.!
Fucking tired bro good night with and noemi
Thanks for the RT's!
There's no tine to waste. Already wasted time in my past. Only room for improvement!!
Um, yeah. It's a little weird! Especially with that girl dressed as Michael Jackson.
MT : ...an issue that must concern us all: the need to balance training for a job with being educated for life
Got up off my ass then got on my grind!
Dear Angel , You'll be forever in our hearts & Your in a good place in heaven <3 -Ally
Not as much as we love you Danni!!
Bday of Champions!?! RT FYI we're about 5 months and some change away from one of the most epic days of the year!!!!
Listen tonight to my Jewish radio show- Shirim - 8-10pm Eastern Time - www.wcuw.org streaming live - we're chaving a chanukah party!
Check out all the details here: www.salsacrawl.com!
in Northgate I saw the flash (bright as day) and then my condo walls/bldg shook for almost 10 seconds. Was really loud!
I need to go to bed but I hate to sleep!
There was either a tiny, highly localized flood in my kitchen or the #cats are bathing in their water dish.
Harry Potter
Very cool. I looked myself up and got "username not found." <sigh/> Maybe *someday* I'll be important in the twitterverse...
RT BREAKING: Ron Paul ends active campaigning in 2012 presidential race.
Watching the #Oscars there are so many pretty dresses!!
Will you be at #CTIA in May? We will be there with #cellhelmet. We are excited to check out the show floor.
#HISD trustee Lawrence Marshall congratulates board president Paula Harris for "fantastic victory" in Tuesday's election.
I'm sitting here with this cup of yogurt in front of me, thinking: What is yogurt?
what we doin for the #Cats game??
Glass of wine, vocal trance internet radio, and so many social media sites.
...whether we ID victims of domestic violence.
I deff have to disagree!
Camera+ or iPhoto
Wing-Chun Slap.
Harris Co. Pct. 4: Houston man tried to solicit teenage girls for sex on Craigslist
Why buy followers? i dont get it...
Seeking to advance my career and willing to relocate.
now I wish I had read all of the #BlogHer11 and #SAA11 posts immediately.
I really wanted to go! Everyone I know in Chula Vista is going.
i got hacked
! Hacking this nigga page !!
Wow!! Camp Rock 2 was pretty damn amazing!! Jonas Brothers were great and so was Demi :)) No school Monday and an A in keyboarding TGIF!!:))
You are the only one who can accomplish your mission in life! Never give up!
everything about us that we hide, are ashamed and want to change are the very things that shapes our destiny.
UM GOOD!!!! 2 THE NEXT EPISODE!!!! NEW ALBUM SOON "ALL AMEDICON'" TRAP DOOR ENT. MY NEW LABEL FUCK WIT' ME!!!!
Love me but don't smother me. I can't grow in the shade.
why the hell do people do that???
thanks for the shout-out!!
I am participating in the evolution of inspired action - Steve Maraboli
"I know I'm s'pose to love you and all and i don't mean to be judgy but your blinds are ugly and your windows are filthy."
Take it easy
#marriedtoanerd I can relate.
Train your labyrinth to walk on a leash.
< why, thank you!
#NFLrookie advice: Fans seek a relationship of identifying with players professional & personally. They want the real you!
Long night last nite.... makes for a long day... so tonight will be Long Night part 2... wish Friday would hurry the funk up!
Try spreading them on a rack for good air circulation
What I established after dinner w/ & :Should've been a Gen-Xer. And, I'm hiring a 3eb cover band for my 27th b-day.
Preparing to teach my sister's Sunday School class today!
I am going to El Bulli tomorrow night! EEk.
Nothing says Merry Christmas quite like Jaws 2 on the TV. Well maybe except for Jaw 3 which starts in a few minutes.
Stormy week in MN!
I am too fucking busy all the time. School is just in the way at this point
Thanks! Glad you enjoy the art
why is that??
RT :Venezuela,Chile,Costa Rica, Brazil,Perú,Colombia,Argentina,Mexico and the others #LatinAmericaNeedsPurpleGlassestoo :D :D
Good thing Brookfield Square Food Court added Charley's Grilled Subs, in case ppl aren't feeling Subway or Quizno's.
worst moment of my life! Still haunts me!
So glad it's the last day of the week!
going to school with Major sunburn, a pounding head, and this horrible sickness :(
Bro ? kiss you bro ? serious ? god , whyy
Everyone said in the newsroom though it was like a Craig Boswell FOX pkg in DC. Nice job!
Let's see. If a congressman or woman spends 2 hours per day fundraising or breakfasting with lobbyists, what do they do the rest of the day?
I'm gonna kill
i would say 10-15$ / hour. then 5$ extra per kid. And more if there are new borns or babies.
mark we are so sorry, what time was your reservation for? We close at 9pm Monday-Thursday
Wait, it's Saturday. SATURDAY! I'm showing Twitter love on SATURDAY morning!! Geez.
im the only one that fills up my newsfeewd with #GetAustinToTheTop10 tweets.
After many eons of time, the Gods at last looked upon those curious humans tampering with the forests and gardens of the world
two cause they will only get one prime time game on the NFL network
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
Why am I not braver!!
here's your boy Wood!
"@/FLAVAHZcrew: @/ICONspikeymike Come back! We miss you too!" No one likes u.
Play is how children learn
Listen to Jimmy Buffett live in Alpine Valley, wish I was there. I enjoy his music, for a long time!!! LOL
If there's a bright side to Ben Gazzara's passing, it's this: virtually any of his films you watch in tribute will be a good one. RIP.
that hologram of pac is insane... Waiting for hologram of jimi Hendrix and nirvana next
Just shut up and listen... interview
I'm a chapter in her text book...
he could also be kookoo for Knuble or hungry for hunter.
did I catch you talk to yourself?
MT : Happening on the HIll:Senate intern reports that Dan Aykroyd just walked into Sen. Franken's ofc #SNL alums
I must get up at 5:30 to study for an anthro midterm at 10:30. Then I have class, a guest lecture, and work. Back to busy
Well why not :)
thank you! so glad you enjoyed mask. *G*
It's funny how life tells you which way to go
Mahomies Are Married To AUSTIN MAHONE
haha Thank God!!
6 more weeks of winter according to the #groundhog. Well, it sure looks like spring already outside the office!
Hey Warriors, Good luck with your finals!!!!
If you're looking for good fairy tale retellings, read The anthologies Terri Windling edited.
I'm proud of you!
Verify Him Out! Test Him Out! Best-offering Investigative Guidebook Shows Girls How To Examine Out Their Significant Other p
Mean people don't matter. The fans that love Matt will feed him with so much good energy that he won't even notice the mean ones
Here's a story about nothing. The End.
Smoking indoors at a restaurant is such a foreign concept.
May 12,1912: Churchill: "The King talked stupidily about the Navy. Disheartening to hear cheap and silly drivel."
Worship Pastor , Worship &amp; Music Pastor, Search Church Job Listing
I am allergic to April, the Southwest, moths, and waking up before 8am.
Tosh.O greatest show ever
it helps when you don't add the extra 's' ;)
Husband or Wife -remix- <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5> video coming soon the cuzzo ft real shyt S/O #FWM #CokeBoy We on FIRE lol
Tweet tweet tweet
I love tweeting and using recently used hashtags, especially when it makes no sense.
Ok....How is everybody doing today?Hopefully your monday hasnt been as crappy as mine haha
I stopped reading homeless people's cardboard signs I just hand them money and send them with the prayer
It was great to meet you, too, Nicole! 'Looking forward to the #Indy librarians tweetup in June! 'See you at the theatres, too!
Inaugural meeting of the Harvey-Casper appreciation society!
Wat it is anit been on here n a while wat have I miss
Wanna eat some pussy
'borscht' = russian for nausea
:( My thoughts are with you guys.
I'll make out with my bf on the side of the street. Idgaf what no one thinks.
you were absolutely amazing
Great example: how can we preserve electronic communication between migrants & homelands, esp for oral cultures?
and chest hair too!! ;)
Do you think they should put Eric Smith on the top of the float at the #giantsparade today?
Tyra's the only one out of everyone I know, that's read it, that likes Will
no problem. Hope you are doing well.
yea I wanted to go there. Stuck at UofA. Still represent GB though.
On the way to JR's bar & grill for the 8:00 show.
I did not say that
Palermos Pizza,perfectly poured drafts from the FINEST tap system $ can buy,hotties dotting the venue, Ivy's deliciousness is mind bottling!
Just found out shipment of Pantaleo delayed til next week. In the meantime, we're featuring Bianco Sardo (Italy/Hard/Sheep) on chz plate
Marquise Trevon Wilson & his 2 Blue's are on their way to "Nastie Garage's Cali <3 Car Event/Meet" in Pomona 2 see what it do! :-D
updating my various "official" web pages: SJSU Experts, SJSU Publications, SJSU Dig Repository. Yeesh, we need a single locale
Where in the world is CEO Elisabeth Mason? She & VP Nate Falkner in Dallas at the Assn of Community College Trustees meeting.
I remember the era of carbon paper too. But I am NOT old! I refuse...lol
i love youu too aynna! :D
impact of private investment in education, good and bad
Out with Hanover/Bates neighbors on their weekly safety walk.
Please stop allowing bands to upload music with nudity as album artwork. It is offensive and will bring a boycott if not stopped
What's happening?
You're absolutely right. It makes me tired and sleepy too! Çok tesekkürler! :)
I didn't think I was going to finish in time, but I did. Whew! I love Glee!
no problem! have you gotten the chance to check out our music?
You need to identify your long term goals and realize the amount of risk you are willing to take in the stock market
Thanks I will have another!
Come on Arkansas!
Caught up with some residents at City of Gold casino in Pojoaque. Red Cross not accepting pets, so tribe set up a separate shelter.
Keep my friend lovely in prayer her family is Jehovah's witness & she got kicked out her house today for following Christ
Thanks for telling me, now I'm gonna go watch you.
Well Hello Nick, just wanted to tweet you let you know "Big Windy Cat", on the No Limits CD 09 ' is fresh. *(*.
What is the point anyway? How can you gauge how the intensity of fans? Half the finalists aren't from WI nor own tickets.
Rooting for kuchar to win the masters.
RT Need to get my diet and exercise on
I can be on your website for HOURS! Literally! Love your work!
Cry me a river or ?..
Oh the hat! Yes, it makes me happy! :)
Patron and corona with brad in Hillsboro. Ballet status.
Yes indeed!!! Yandy I wish you were on this show!!RT : Basaketball Wives...tuned in!
Hitting and relief pitching need to improve NOW!
Kinda feels left out now since everything's changed...
Twitter .... Please increase your damn capacity.
Hell yea Mavs!!!
First time using Twitter on a computer.(: Listening to Halestorm.<3 They are amazing!!! (:
My train is experiencing equipment problems. This is no way to reward getting up early for work!
thats how you work you work your way into my heart right there lol
RT : What do Republicans call a gay man with neoconservative passion, a committed relationship and personal courage? A faggot.
Hey everyone! Please check me out on YouTube! And also please buy my song Forgive and Forget on iTunes!
Sunshine makes morning errands easier
When we text, we want to talk to you, don't ignore us. Read between the lines. It's a good sign.
brother, i hope all is well with you. Miss ya homie. Have a great last month of school & if u ever need anything, just hit me up
On a lighter note, #FOX can now run their scheduled programming of Bill Cunnigham, Steve Wilkos and Jerry Springer.
Spending the day with
January Special! Enjoy 50% off w/ me until 1/28 at Call 414.988.4165 to book. Certain conditions apply.
I love my little group of followers! We should all get together some weekend and have a bake sale or something.
#Washi has been made for 1400 years from the barks of 3 renewable plants: kozo, gampi and mitsumata
thx - you guys need all the help you can get in November. I plan to be a registered voter by then...
omg babe YOUR american accent WITH a hint of your accent... SEXY AS HELL #approved ;P
I had the same feeling, just with more colorful words.
I had sex while portishead was playing once. Oh god. and it was Glory box of all songs. I felt like i was in some HBO porno. awkward
This is dumb as fuck!! RT : Spell "Saggin" backwards... yep... exactly...
read essay by Romney ex partner on why inequality is good he's not talking about middle class
Down like Charlie Brown :-)
Thanks Richard!
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction. -John F. Kennedy
oh, gleeks. I could only ever do those by accident.
Thank goodness I had a phone tracking app today after I left my phone at the movies!
looking forward to draft.
Can't go to sleep. I'm doomed.
Got pictures taken downtown today in 25 degree weather wear a short sleeve shirt.
will you have a booth?
I thought my computer broke today for several hours until I fished out an old plug from a box & tried it. It was terrible, I'm still shaking
What a surprise...
doesn't mean they can go to raves whenever they want.
im in the mood to sleep more.
#whyigive so valuable to keep top-of-mind in our hectic world. Thank YOU, Michael
Phoenix ... where's ur dad?
Who is watching #kimwedding?! :D
Happy March! new course coming this month "New Certified Safety and Health Manager (CSHM) examination Preparation Program"
you didn't even text me back!
#sfgiants I need u
Yea but that's obvious ahah!
I will when you get here! HURRY UP!!!!!
is going to be a beat this week...
Great post on the Porsche tribute, amazing photos
I'm up north again, but not too far. Red Roof on 35 N. Definitely booking earlier next year.
That would be funny if Courtney Love became a manager at a Carvel and her dream finally came true.
is introducing the Libraries, Archives, and Museums: Beyond the Silos strategic conversation at Harvard today
We r willing to spend outrageous amounts of time & money perfecting our make-up, putts, clothing, car, serves & hair. But our HEALTH?
I'm so high on life I got that rockstar mentality....
Lebron thrives in MSG!!
i would date u every day and sometimes more than once on weekends and we'd make youtube videos together and delete them
Unreal. RT : The #Badgers have now blocked the entire ACC from Jarrod Uthoff's transfer list.
I don't understand >.<
Judge called Sidebar after Baez referred to Ashton "This laughing guy here". That's unprofessional expression from Mr. Baez.
I don't think still drinks tea. Specially not on tour it's all bout the CIROC.
Not a bad idea. Thanks for the suggestion.
Thought I was deathly late... Turns out I'm n hour early!
Played the music too loud, my head feels like its about to explode and my phone is almost dead too(x #AndHereComesTheSun… #ItWasAGoodNight(:
He Kicked Him In His Balls Hard ! : 0 I Was Like Damn..
Ugh-- hate it when that happens! Thanks for letting me know, though. Have a great day! Marta
Goin to cedar point next weekend
SPRING BREAK! Let's get it started.
long live the pimp m/f... #joemoneyjr #rippimpc #P I Bmoss
RT : Atlanta clearly hasn't recovered from the Great Chicago Collapse of two nights ago.
Super thanks to I'm instantly addicted to
We saw the Rib Whip broke down on the Bay Bridge a couple weeks back. :-(
Thanks for including us!
real men dnt play volleyball, pussies do.
RT : Best friend is someone who knows all about you and loves you anyway. - Elbert Hubbard
S/O TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS!!! Im glad were connected and looking forward to seeing u all next Thurs@ our Radio event with
Know a rockstar salesperson ready to join a fast growing group buying company? Have them email us:
Agreed. I hope Tebow personally gives you a high five for all the fighting you do for him.
BUT, if u run for 30 or walk for 60 min, that can burn about the same amount of calories! Intensity & duration are determining factors.
Watching the #bruins game! And what is wrong with this picture?
Packers team this one for Philbin get this one today #GOPACKGO smash this team.
we're hoping you smoke them both!!
Who wants a twig when you can have the whole tree ;)
love your background bruvvva!
Soo tired from gymnastics..finally got my pull-over on bars lol<U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
ugh, I don't feel like doing any of this homework..
Clippers score at beginning of 3rd qtr. Miss the extra point. Colonials 7:6 Clippers.
OH MY GAWD THERE ARE PUPPIES IN THE LIBRARY.
I'm at bday party and this is getting really deep lol
Sims 3 pets <33333 Txt me (:
I'll make sure u make the credits. Unless u star as IT guy alone in dark lib, trying to install something... *creepy music*
first i park my car, then i fuck yo bitch
Let us be thankful for the fools. But for them the rest of us could not succeed. ~Mark Twain
we're in VA dropping kid off at college, but welcome home! 8:00 am Mass? :-)
Ok I gotta see this Asham Beagle fight
I'm still lost. And btw it won't let me DM back because you're not following me.
It's The Rangers series to win now.
Yep, I teach stats every semester, so that prob explains it. When I teach inequality, they all do well!
What a day!
Paparazzi and lunatic fans don't realize how dangerous they make a situation.
Does this Borders bankruptcy affect O'Reilly at all or is it a non-issue?
Did someone say food?
lost my tennis matches today ... haha I kept laughing because of the tennis mockumentery
Can't wait!
I didn't say you had to give me your heart..keep that shit, but you ain't gotta be a bitch.
okay...i hope they tell us soon!!! omg i'm so excited to go!!! <3 <3 i hope they do meet n greets....
How did u tell me I was good for u and still leave jokes on me
i never knew you could be this shallow.
Kissed a beautiful girl for the first time in months and it was amazing!
Got that right
How many times can a guy tell me he is too important for me before I get it? #LotsOfTimes,Apparently
Eden Rooftop is bananas right now!! Dj Life flowing. Get here now!!
BTW, love the infographic-ized resume you have linked from your Twitter profile. ^AW
thanks man! already have a lot to tell you about when I get back
I love it the dream ticket, problem is Romney will not endorse this man's behavior.
Why is lion king trending?
Damn CJ has a nasty ERA.. I still love him and I believe in him, you'll get it back tomorrow! Beat stl!!
dammit print is not coming out just right and i am low on ink. damn you insanely expensive pro9000 ink.
Good morning all - thanks for supporting our free shipping event over the weekend
thank you spreading Slap Bass Ninja on twitter! Also, congrats on working with Gerald! He's awesome!
Today somebody called me a trouble maker. I said "I'm glad you've been paying attention
Any Xbox live players wanna get a ass whoopin on 2K?
...stovetop. We've only got one fryer, I'm afraid. But we're happy to do it!
Happy Mothers day to my beautiful best friend :) Angel has been blessed with a great mommy!
Matzah Ball was super duper fun! I wish I went to formal though
Quote from my acting teacher: "Everything and the possibility of becoming anyone are inside of you" (STAR POWER)
yeah that's kinda what I'm thinking. I may bring robin with me too. I'm not positive I can miss work Friday but we'll see
Lanham: Elbow's new book "promises to be a humdinger, so go out and buy it. After you buy mine, of course."
its going good! Went to visit my older brotha b4 I go to work
PLEASE JUST ANSWER ME FOR ONCE
Jamming to #MarvinsRoom with the peeps! Hahhaa (:
that's what friends are for “: seducing me into the Cult of the Ipad....”
I was inspired this morning by your #ASTD2012 presentation with on using games to engage learners. Outstanding!
this morning I am going to greet everyone I call, or who calls me "wakey wakey eggs and bakey" in honor of
You should really stop throwing away the whole cake after eating the one piece. It's really wasteful man.
Yes! I agree.
Why does "Ribbon in the Sky" always slay me? And why must it be playing at brunch? Lawdy.
New course? Expect the unexpected.
Perhaps we need to approach it like NPR - ask for donations for folks that find value in the interpretive services provided
please follow me?:)x
So they can loose again? Lmao
Happy Birthday Trayvon Martin. REST IN PARADISE. *pours Arizona*
Surgery went well. She's eating now. Praying to be released SOON.
Just saw DETROPIA (the only screening) at #MDFF12. I'm a fan of both directors so of course, I loved it.
I have like 4 Cs and there is like no school left... Ugh what am I gonna do :(
Wait.. Gee's trending?
Got our marriage license today!
Q2 Can prizes be things like one overdue forgiveness, 10 free prints, etc?
Why are the read 180 kids having a celebration you motherfucks had 4 years to pass and finally did
it has been damn but I'm doin good, hope you are too.
RT : It's $1 Burger Night at Bar Louie tonight! Stop down after 5:00pm to enjoy 1/2 lb. burgers for just a buck!!!
History Channel Zombies: A Living History is on tonight.
maybe it's an inside joke. Just didn't want to write an article and get the "correct" terms wrong.
Watch Good Christain Belles sunday on ABC.
Woo! Now we're using timeline!!
you're a minimalist, like me
Is everyone ready for the weekend? What are your plans?
UGC = user generated content - blog posts & comments, restaurant/product reviews, tweets, FB status updates, etc.
Watching "Nip Tuck" for the 1st time
oh good, the plumber has returned. Now I can continue to sit here and listen to him talk to himself.
Back in my home for the week.
Dinner Special has begun! Choice of Kabob or Gyros, rice, braised green beans, Spanakopita, dolmas, pita & Soup or Salad! Starts at $13
RT : SERIOUSLY, I CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT HOW MUCH FUN WE'RE ABOUT TO HAVE
hey thanks babe
RT : "The best way to predict the future is to create it."
Thanks for the Support!
It's warm outside. I need to think of something chilly for dinner.
RT : : Such a double standard: when a guy sleeps with a bunch of girls, he's a "stud," but when I do, I'm a "lesbian"
Gronk is on another level..and I despise the Pats
Ugly and you know it!!! Ugly Christmas sweater party this Saturday! $2 Miller Lites and $2 Captain Morgan Drinks!
Congrats on getting linked in that Greenwald post. Hope you are well.
O_O.....FrAcK...... I Finally came to a decision.
Restaurant Online ordering provider, orderTalk Inc., expands customer service commitment in the United Kingdom. (PRWeb May 11, 2012) Read
Are you applying logic to politics? Oh, if only...
have fun at the meet and greet! Arrive later tonight...check u tomm.
Swing by the Event at to purchase tix to the Holiday Gala!
sounds good to me :)
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
Yes. It's a generational tragedy.
Love reconnecting with old friends. It's one of the best joys in my life :)
Reconsidering my faith in language priming studies until someone does research where they test every word combination possible.
yep! haha. Press Pass Music...only up-and-coming bands/musicians from #OrangeCounty. Such great times.
So excited for a relaxing day with this sweetheart :)
RT : Shout out 2 my new follower [TYVM! Go Brooklyn! Got it goin there JohnnieFloss!]
I had goat cheese, almonds and dates in my salad tonight and thought of you :-)
is it 2nd Saturday again? I'll should come out of my cave tomorrow.
Im looking into free agency and the draft is coming soon
#DonaldDriver Keep the faith....
Definitely a funny "coincidence" ;-)
Me too! Looks great sitting anywhere.
Also, cool show tomorrow in TALLAHASSEE, FL at Floyds w/ Forever & Always, Metanoia, Tourist, Oh The Let Go, & Interstate Heartbreak!
your not alone. Sad to day I've done that before too. Just have to laugh about it :)
Party, Dance and try new Craft Beer!
Won our 1st game this morning. We r in the final 4
Moving; is a step into a new....be joyous in it!
Text TREVOR to 85944 and make a $5 donation to support the life-saving work of the in recognition of #TrevorLive tonight
I am about to be ghost on EVERYBODY........ Watch i'm done with everybody
My mom is coming to SD FOR MY GRADUATION YES!!!!!!!!!!
RIP Wade Belak. You will certainly be missed.
Recorded a couple of demos yesterday, trying out a borrowed Cascade Victor on vocals. What's the vector, Victor?
1) Raise taxes, keep race in town 2) Take out loans to solve 10% of a problem 3)??? 4) Profit!
Happy Birthday to our intern from , Kathryn!
It's Electric! Gotta see this, ehe Hottest New Thing In Candles,
Halloween potluck + costume contest for ascedians Friday. $50 Gift Card on the line. Stay tuned for pics.
When you are family member of someone in the service you are always weary of an army vehicle arriving with a chaplain.
Thank you! She's a newbie.
now we are far away. But soon we will be closer I am sure
Karl, I am so disappointed.
"I'm Bringing Sexy Back!" Oh no. Hunny, you're the reason it left.
Happy Easter <3
RT Well, I am partial to Red Fin's happy hours 4-6p & 10p - close <--:: laugh:: Okay, not Belltown, but I'll give you that 1. ;-)
haha... Yes, it's rough. I wish it was like this everyday... took a random half-day from work to mainly do some writing.
Why is everyone sleeping on TMO all of a sudden ? This song still gives me life !
Caylee's such a wild sleeper!
Priceline Earnings Could Give Stock A Pop Next Week
Sometimes i regret .......
If you come to Taberna del Alabardero and check-in Yelp's mobile app, we offer 20% discount on paella of Chorizo, ribs and fried egg!
wow we're just so good at telling time!
yes other things like C-league soccer, C-league indoor football, C-league hockey ... why not take pride in one REAL team?
Cool - good luck!
I *don't* own a cat and according to today's #c21nonhuman sessions that makes me a pretty radical academic! ;-)
thanks for the follow back! :D xoxo
So exicited for the how I met your mother season finale tonight!
My Mom>>> anyone else's mom :)
“: *switches to NASCAR*” haha so true!
TGIF! What are your plans for the weekend? Shopping?
Life is strange the person you want sometimes doesnt want you as bad as you want them....I wish they would just man up and say so
how much do you guys have to pay in taxes out of ur check though? I've heard its killer...
Still in hospital. Were getting close hopefully. My bet is 7:15 PST.
I just met a really nice twig. It's my friend now. We have so much in common. It's brown, it's in the grass, it's got no wheels.
Flyline Search Marketing welcomes newest client #AllensFlowers of San Diego, California. They are San Diego's premier floral design center!
Hopefully Alex can take me home tomorrow after home room. :)
tr ondemand yoga @ yogatailor.com RT : too tired to go to yoga, on demand workout it is
War in Iraq is over! One to go! ...Sigma out
"Wanna go for a ride?" Uhh...ok.
Yeah ! Such a great game and amazing performances by Terry and JJ.
thank you breathe carolina for keeping me company while i cleaned my room.
in which case our dad just got a whole lot cooler. his JQ: through. the. roof. ...pic to follow.
Pretty jealous of my lil bro who gets to go see Van Halen in Nashville tommorow night!
People who control your funding probably don't care about "nerd metrics" like visits, likes, etc
why am I just starting to follow you now? I really thought I was already!
Hey crazy man yelling about Jesus.
We appreciate you! RT : I got 10 on it... --->RT : Looking at some of the footage from So excited!
Sittin with my brother while he records some covers of Zac Brown Band.. he's so talented
back at ya! Say hi to my old colleague David Press.
aw ur so sweet thanks for reminding me
At work so lost right now
only if you do too bby:) <3
Thanks : This is amazing! And its literally outside my back door. Smells amazing too. (@ Carmel Farmers Market w/ 11 others)
... do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tomarow's show? ;)
OMGCF ! Did y'all really kiss Cody on the cheek ?
"Medium sweaty"
How was heaven when you left it?
Thank you for the follow! :-)
I started my excercising again! 1st day 5miles!!! :-) and a 100 crunches....
moving sucks!
i decided to make a fb.. but only cuz its the only way i can stay in touch with my friends from other countires :P
what my Love isn't hard :-)
Keep those beautiful mornings coming!
i'll see what I can do.
"Not to be racist." Oh god that shit pisses me off when people say that. <U+E40E>
Thanks for spreading the word!
i would never wanna leave. RT : If El Paso's weather was like THIS everyday >
“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the the universe.” Albert Einstein
Oona Schmid: But the broader question is, are these really the right #publishing and #copyright models going forward?
I hope Demian Bichir wins. He's a gem.
Thank you for contributing! We'd love to have you anytime!
thanks Shelly for RT- how are you?
Thanks for the RT my friend! Cheers!
yea but I gtg my sister gets mad when I'm watching a movie with her and I'm on twitter lol
: hahah have fun
i will but i hit the following limit so u hav u wait a few days???
Hope you are having a blessed Tuesday as well!!! Xo
I know *shrugs* I'll stop now..
e_o NOT NICE!
You're welcome! :)
Patience has its limits. Take it too far, and it's cowardice.
nope but how random!
max schnieder is actually really sexy
lmao look you gotta spice it up sometimes...
omg them and that zap thing #zap one directions in my room right now :)
Susie, u shld have seen the fqin gay ass club (all shirtless males) John took us to in Miami!
Is the concert over. How is he doing. Does he look pale or anything.
Science is a great game. It is inspiring and refreshing. The playing field is the universe itself.
I just dominated you 3, it's okay if u guys want to practice tomorrow, I'll take the day off
New contract on audio work for Columbia/Tristar.
I hope it does. :)
Thanks again Rick for joining us in Madison, really fun talking to you!
The music video for These Times by moved me to tears.
Congratulations to our Chair-elect, ! Thanks to all the candidates for a good, spirited campaign.
love u too darling :)
it just goes to show that prayers work.
Timeout with 1 minute remaining and a 2 point lead in the
Stayed up til 4 AM last night just ZONING hard w headphones on feeling grateful to have been exposed to so much great music in my life.
Hurry back. Can't wait! RT : with at getting #limetogo #limeforlunch for us and !
why would you say that?
sounds like a plan my do
-- I wish I could find the kind of love that is in #TheNotebook :/
If a Diamondback is a snake, where the heck did the cat mascot come from?
OH.MY.GOD.BECKY.
RT : Make today better than yesterday! (via )
2011 you can keep all the hate from haters! Keep dramatically events from drama queens, keep all the gossip from attention seekers!
just took the regents, BIZARRE
Interesting ... RT : Trend in late 2012: short, crafted posts that show their work some way other than length.
Surfrider CEO speaking: 'In 2008 China already implemented this. We are not leading.'
She has good taste, she's following me! : you should follow them! They make my week easier.
wat up big bro?
he is! Look it up!
Hello love :) Im fine. Just stressed out. Wbu?
at time of the night, if its not a 50% chance of diarrhea.. Its not worth eating."-Anthony Bourdain
Envious. I live in a state with prohibition-stupid liquor laws.
that chick in the stoners night video looks mad bored
#michaeljackson Saw in Arrowhead Stadium, at the start of the Victory Tour '84. Moonwalk, 75k people locked on the referee pants. Unreal.
You're off the hook for camera time. :)
we still on for tomorrow's tasting? Hope to see you there.
I am glad that you liked it.
g'nite I'm ready to hit the rack myself
no it's Short-e
have it again this year!
Good to know :)
its a huge number. And I think still growing.
54 on the front nine... 38 on the back nine.. Can you say inconsistent haha..
how do you see the #nlcs going for the #brewers?
At NMFA congressional event. Rock star Rep Susan Davis receives next award.
Acxiom's Colclasure emphasizes the emotional attachment to personal data
We hear ya on that one, Sarah. 150 flashcards by hand? We can feel the carpal tunnel just thinking about it. Happy flipping!
I am sorry to hear that. :(
- We'd love to co-host a #furchat and discuss the "Digital Dog Park" - how do you send and receive info with your dog peeps online?
Phone extra dry .
he doesn't use his twitter
New blog entry is posted on myspace.. be sure to check it out!
Holographic blade says what up... What ever you do please don't make holograms of the following artist
I just finished calculus 1 and I'm taking calculus 2 this summer, starting in about a week! Joy! (But I'm also a little scared)
you as in me? Or you as people in general? :o
Depends on the daughters age and if her true passion is acting. College isn't for everyone.
totally just heard thunder. crap. crap. crap.
53.5k on dinner break... under avg but steady grindin the stack... accepting all donations! :-)
Very disappointed in #SNL to this point. Expected more with Jim Carey hosting. Guess it can't get worse.
Desert trails parent cynthia standing for all parents. Talks about harassment from rescission campaigners.
Seriously the perfect pair! I am already looking for a second pair... just to compliment these and mix it up a bit... :)
"<U+FFFD>In some ways, [Facebook] levels the playing field of friendship stratification"
Happy MLK Day everyone. Like this if you have the day off!
Now I'm following- more of an ROI question. My opinion is based upon belief in preventive care; maybe eval that among pts?
Spring day like this makes me realize summer is on it's way, call us for A/C tune up! 919-325-0180
Thinking of going to - hard to tear myself away from the non-rainy garden, though! Perhaps I'll go tomorrow.
2 new followers with LOCKED accounts. Come on ... why play in social media if you don't want to be social?
'so you guys are just going to sit there while your friend gets beat up' <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Yes, but it's the last day for the "Early Bird Special" RT : Presale tix still available?
#Gen44 because with every idea he tweets #Obama loses another 1000 voters. Keep tweeting it up
Need help now? Chat with the library by adding uhlibrarian to your contact list in AIM, Yahoo!, or GoogleTalk.
I don't know about that, my stock response to restaurant disputes is getting kind of old
Did I tell you I kissed in the rain ^__^
Suiting up for this Saturdays Pewaukee River Run!
Put It On The Alter- Jessica Reedy :) Luv this song, gets me thru my days
yay!! Can't wait to see you too.
oh I read that wrong lol sorry laken you can't do wife things lmao
RT My tweets are protected for the sake of my unborn children
Becoming a better poker player has to be the biggest test of my patients evah! Let the game come to you!
We makin things happen this weekend
I'm on the phone wiffff you:* oddeee hungryy
Air Force-Army will be on CBS Sports Network.
chilling at the house getting tatted
Between 1-2 inches fell this morning around the metro, but just 60 miles west of town in Charlottesville they received 8 inches!!
Have a blast in Madrid!!
wow,ok.Bye(:
Today's Special is a $5 Gyros! Gyros= Slices of Seasoned beef or Chicken in warm pita w/ lett, tom, onions & side of Tzatziki
As always, a great time at 20 Minutes and a beer last night. Great to meet and
Got a call - ac not cooling - gotta go go
Hyperlocal started by geeks as a tech company. Built dynamic interface, ad network & coworking space.
cause it's ma burrdaayyy lolol
And the house hunt BEGINS! Just found a place in arlington with a pool and its in my price range. BONER.
Up watching Malibu's Most Wanted
MusicFest with Sarah and ah!! Yayyy!
Its forever raining outside and its supposed to thunder storm for my prom tomorrow :(
awesome I am so wishing I was there.
I just want it to be the weekend so I can sleep
No more work for today. Time to go outside and play.
HAPPY BIRTHDAYY TO MY BESTFRIEND Hope you have an amazing day.. And weekend! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
link for details?
Oh cool, two buildings just exploded. I'm getting the idea that this isn't a happy film.
so how do u make a pair on their
France this summer for 3 weeks then prob argentina Or canada :D
Don't forget... SECO 2011 is in building C of the GWCC!
"Unconditional love" That's what I got for you. <3
Baby you light up my world like nobody else (;
In America, we will eventually have a President that used to play Pokemon as a child. Scary.
A6: What are the institutional requirements for cloud: Distance ed? Improved access for students? Research support?
something happened at the LU?
My mom farted like 5 times -__-
good tune!! That was huge hit at Howl last night!!!
Oh yea and a hockey team.... M yes.
Just met one of the most genuine human beings ever- moussa from paris. A musical master just trying to heal the world.
With all of these political memoirs coming out, which (if any) are you excited to read?
Now that Melo's back, let's beast through the playoffs
people who try too hard really piss me off
What a day of #themasters ! Bubba and Louis are on their green put on the 18th. Who will win?
I just got really excited! They are so perfect!
Last day of tours for the summer at #AmericanU! Going to make today the best! Sad for summer to end... =(
I hope they make Mass Effect 4 and chronicle the crippling depression that sets in when Shepard realizes his career has peaked already
We are one week away from the TLA Conference! Are you coming? What are you looking forward to the most? Use hashtag #tnla12 to share!
what is kudu?
Hey it's BK, When you get a hole in your sock, do you hesitate then throw both away, do you toss em immediately, or do u save one/both?
Again, un-fucking-believable!
What are your thoughts on malex? ;)
Which magazine was it in?
woah, me too!
At first I was like "I must be changing, I actually enjoy this weather!" now i'm all like "when does fall get here!"
#AskDrNorm We are wondering if you have any examples of #meditation helping with alcoholism?
everybody thatz wit me,I SEE U! itz us against the world,I BURNT UP THAT WHITE FLAG SO WE CAN NEVER SURRENDER! #nevergiveup!
Thanks for checking! :)
I would like to die of natural causes because every other way is painful.
Wow ok the @ section of this app has not been working thanks for the follows and RTs the last day or so.
can anyone hear what I am carving on the wood arms of this commode
Gallardo quiickly is baseball's leader in gopher balls,having given up three thru 2 plus innings.. ouch
THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IN SAN ANTONIO IS THIS THURSDAY AT CLUB FUEGO!! AND ITS GONNA BE A FOAM PARTY!!!
#justlikefootball #goducks great win over the huskies last night!
Hm.. Got detention today! LOL
#Corzine is a
Never knew love would feel like a heart attack.
Busy Saturday morning w/ customers looking at #cattle then off to a #4H clinic til noon.
Thats the honkytonk spirit! RT : I ain't gonna leave til they throw me out.
Formula for my upcoming project is [global positive message + good cause/charity + viral marketing campaign = win + money + feel good]
Very excited to present "Affiliate Marketing for Local Businesses" at our Woamtec Brookfield, WI Chapter luncheon today!
had to use the paper chem abstracts subject indexes today.. no fun
Wrapped in Indy with Ohio State defeating Michigan. B10 Championship game tomorrow, 3:30 on
#WeGoTogether If I give you the half of the oreo with the most cream.
...a big thanks to all of you who brought your energy, enthusiasm, DH smarts, & good humor to Charlottesville this weekend for #THATCamp!
of course! I'll keep you posted!
I brought up the raping before you brought up the "clutch" shooting... You tell me
Baylor needs to work the clock with some ball reversals..
Pick one! #twitterhug across the board.
There is no democracy w/terrorists or their supporters. If MB takes over Egypt, it's no dif't than Hamas taking over Gaza.
The explosion won't kill everyone in New York, but the two beautiful people can't be together. Now that's tragedy.
Steelers having superb offseason. Somehow kept Wallace and, despite picking low, drafted two quality OL players, shoring up only weak spot.
that's how we roll in Portland sexy girl!!!! Welcome home!
RT Remember to vote :) #vote #indiana #congress #goodguy / Thank you.
She dont wanna see her nigga happy then RT : some women not about to ok they nigga to screw the next chick
You know what would be hella funny? To get #blakedavis trending. Hahahah
Ugh, Whatever ;)
Loves my life! 'tchangeathing!
Depends on when you will be in LA. We will make it happen although prob no bones this time :)
Dang like everyone in fairview is going to be working at spinners pizza....
OMG you guys have no lives! RT : Me and stalk on twitter and in English... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Please don't forget me while you're living it up next year, keep in mind that i care about you. More than you could imagine. .
Off to 1930s America w/ Alexander Nemerov. Today: Reinhardt's 'A Midsummer Night's Dream' and Nini Theilade's exit in the arms of darkness.
I know that I miss u
Hey Louis! Just wanted to say 1. youre amazing 2. hope youre doing well 3. I love you <3 :)
us east coast
So many loved ones are passing. My faith is shaken.
That's true, donate it to a nursing home if you don't like it. The old ladies will love it. :-D
82 and sunny!! First day of spring!! Bumping "today was a good day" because it really is.
oh well, guess you gotta go naked ;)
RIP - Steve Jobs. A legend Gone.
Smh some seems wrong but at the same time feels so right
Watching the Music City Bowl. MSU is up by 2 on Wake Forest with 5:35 to go in the third qtr. BTW, follow for good stuff.
Haha yea! Lol & yea we only want him to be happy<3
yes, the iPad keyboard is ergonomically safe. The size is plenty - the angle of the surface is actually most important.
THEN we have to cut out magazine ads and glue them to paper & write the same thing:p
"That's the thing with music, when it hits you feel no pain."
I wonder where she'd live!
yeah its a good song = )
Oh darn. DM me # ": 7th story of the week! I'll give you a pass on not calling back then :) Look foward to reading them!"
Alganon Trivia! Which deity is also known as "The Winnower of Souls"? First correct answer wins a beta key!
weird but now I wanna try....lol
Yeay Howard Henley - my brutha without an "S"!!
hoping to finally finish my finding aid today after 6 months
I love Diana Vreeland and excited for her new documentary "The Eye Has to Travel" in the
. reminds us not 2 forget that you have permission to be happy in the present moment. she also said [don't] eat dirt
just found it in my spam folder… will reply shortly.
No doubt. Just taught Ann Beattie story "Weekend" that references film and gave me the chance to blab on and on about it.
Goodnight moon and goodnight, you. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099><U+2601><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I used to be one of them, I evolved :3.
Dexter returns tonight. I see plastic bags in someone's future. Ahh, a Slice of Serial Killer Life.
fresh out the shower, just realized im still not ready to talk to him .. should i just ignore all his calls for the rest of the day ???????.
Oh dear, Glasgow managers dont dominate the EPL after all.
Just chillin in bed, wide awake for the last 3 hours -______-
yeah with some key repeating :-)
Coleman is pitching for the Cubs. I think it is the Coleman who was the butler in "Trading Places".
Attention Current ACM Students: Check your UCO email for details on submitting your band for the Rocks Bricktown festival.
Thx for the shout out!
listenin to on choice fm. badman
#IBelieveThatWeWillWin let's go #Aztecs! At the #BareBackGill taking in the game!
OMG you are not!!!! can he introduce me to snooki? haha
wow...that was a long shake!
I'm glad I'm not the only one that doesn't understand the hype! What's the big deal?? Why is it so amazing?
Lol, i already know you(;
#jenniferhudson gr8 performance tonight at #GRAMMYs heartfelt & stirring. Can't believe they asked anyone to do that-but you were fabulous
looks like wrestling at flea markets is in his future with those fat arms.
At Eataly for the 1st time. Wow. Impressive for being in the middle of Manhattan!
Wow that would have a been a disaster.. Wouldve wasted $600.. Im turning into a hopeless romantic
READii TO GO TOO CHURCH 4 SUM REASON
Getting the hang o this Twitter thing. Social media and marketing for the office!
#love #music RT Sometimes hearing a song can be like time travel... music has the power to bring back memories <3 Christy Taylor on 91X
Keep the news coming, Alex!
Tattoo Time!
They probably meant "Queen of Disco"
too funny. I think that means you need to make it back to Atl.
Stoooppppp don't be like that butter cup..you know I love you.!
for real though right
#dhtrial so seems that's all folks... for today anyway...no verdict ywet
omg what do she have on?! SHE RATCHET!
Hey ! Follow us? Yeah just like other mahomies our dream is to be noticed <3
I love that.
Lmao when says "neat o" :')
“New fans will know Miguelito, Pepito Martito, Carlito and Dick. Directioners will always know Wayne, Ian, Barry, Kyle and Hughy.” this <U+2665>
Happy New Year to all!!!
If I didnt make mistakes I wouldn't be the artist I am today
what u doin for the rest of the day
miss you too
Watching #TheWalkingDead while discussing whether Thumbelina is a good movie or not.
Naw!! I think the beard looks kickass.
You rock. So happy for your success in business and life. Don't you dare pass through Oregon without looking me up!
a little :p
oh yea I do owe u some tix.. Okay okay lemme see how goo I can get!
forrrreal. Ms reeds lurkkkkin so hard
I get to go to a rocky horror picture show rave. I'm having second thoughts
biting the hand that feeds me
“ when are you coming back to the bay? These young men and boys sure could use it #Thefutureisbright”
Massive love to for the support and love - Mendez ( )
Is playing at the Webster Theater in Hartford Connecticut tomorrow. Stop by and check out my band Impuria!
If katy perry's slit shifts a bit to the left you can see the whole way to china.
days like this change the way I look at love. No guarantees & not usually very fair. But God is still good. And always will be.
I got a Mac and a PC here. The PC won't recognize my GoFlex that was MADE SPECIFICALLY FOR THIS FUCKING REASON!
Jon Bon Jovi is actually my dissertation inspiration.
Bed time? Not mad about it.
RT : We like & what they are doing! Can't wait to see them at #plantech 2012!
Just got an email from a producer. They are interested in one of my screenplays and it has a good chance to go.
you go kelly jaccarino you go tanning
I kan see the finsh line.
Okay, you go around spreading lies about me in a truck, then in the movies, then in the woods? #DoinTooMuch: I'm NOT nasty like that boo.
I'm all for people riding the subway, rich or not.
iknow ,thats why i jss had a big Bowl of Vanilla ice cream , naah(:
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
theres one every friday on halsey st, art kitchen @ 6. and coffee cave has verses on tuesday nights, then theres live and direct
Diagnosis: No tickets to the U2 360tour depression. Remedy: Prantl's almond torte therapy.
Well, I see that is almost to 5,000 followers, when it gets there, contest!!!
It hurts so bad
what you mean?
I need someone to screw and chop this Pk law
OK! I can't name not one of those people from his season either. But David. Shooobeeededah, always.
F*CK a tattoo , F*CK a ring , F*CK a Password , F*CK switching phones , just DONT cheat , DONT Lie , be HONEST and I'll know it's REAL.
I just have to say that is the BOSS. Of like music festivals and organization of crazy people. The BOSS.
RT : What other real life person do you think should have their life story made into a musical?
What on earth will this look like?
Going to bed now. Its been a long day! <3
Wat part of long island are you from ?
Is Chris the Turtle of your Entourage?
In study hall with two of my bestfriends Sophie & Erika watching Santa Clause 2 <U+E328>
I don't have 7th. So like right after 6th
Enjoying the 4th at the Cherry Creek Art Festival in Denver. Marvelous art and 98 in the shade--what a blast!
Endowed z
it's been a vulnerable journey full of roses ,helicopters & capes...not sure why it went all wrong ;)
Just saw Think Like a Man. Its so funny (:
What is it? BOO. I don't like it.
I'm hoping for a not all-Spanish UCL Final. Need some variety & I can't see Barca losing. Should be entertaining.
I think that means you have a problem..might wanna get that checked out
Was just offered a free ticket to tonight's soldout Wild Flag show, had to say no. Sometimes I hate being grown-up.
I HAVE THE BEAR VERSION OF THOSE.
im in love with this picture
This whole "I'm going to freak out every time I wake up because it's bright out and I think I've missed all my classes" is really annoying.
Gym, slim, him. In that order.
I'll be there with orange bells on :) probably arriving Friday
Enjoying downtown Berkley.
1100 bands .... we keep rocking!
Happy Birthday! Hope it swell
Money aint a joke & I aint even playing! $~
proper light is always an issue... Can't wait until I can make the photography studio a reality.
oh no you di n't....fer shame
You too!!
When you look at your life, the greatest happinesses are family happinesses. ~ Dr. Joyce Brothers
Never go to bed mad, stay up and fight.
Justin Bieber Video "Boyfriend" is a hot the track hot its perfect for a single I love 2 C artists pick the right songs & do good videos
the one where everyone talks about how sweet their bf is and then we are just like I love food
did you not read the first part? The ocean is why! Now if I can convince to come so I don't have to go alone!
One way a smaller operation that needs to obtain operating capital to pay bills can be accounts receivables factoring to free up cash.
At the Mall Waiting till my event. Cici took my sweat pants so i look like a hoe in my spanks.
#quotes #wisdom Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. Ralph Waldo Emerson
I cannot keep up with her shows ahhaha my time difference is messing me up
go back to bed
Goodmorning Austin(: How did you sleep? :) xox <U+E418>
Pens win. Pittsburgh is in control of the series. Book your limo today for the game 5
Thank you so much! I really appreciate it! Anytime! I feel the same way
Ok, I'm Done xD
yo u still got anymore outlaw season cds?? I needa put that hoe in my ipod
no! What happened? :(
Lady gaga messed with adele... Aw hell fucking no
Phoebe Ayers: scholars supported by academic libraries are the lucky ones. DPLA can open access to human knowledge. #DPLA,
Guess who turned out to be a dork after all hmm YOU DID!
PSA: in Encinitas (El C R by Vons) accidentally ordered 32 eggsalad sandis 2day. So, stop by if you are in the mood for eggsalad.
I call bull shit
Great, an earthquake happens AFTER I move from the east coast. I miss all the good stuff!
Sometimes I am tempted to reissue #missworld and all future works under my real name, but it's better not to be found.
I want to sit VERY close to the Brewers dugout. Want to treat my Brewers fanatic son to Awesome seats!
Trying to come up with an idea for my screenplay. But the creativit
Dear these people from school, Back your Asianess away from instagram because it's mine! I had it first! Sincerley, FUCK OFF!
More costumes on stage than are in our storage.
Give up your will and ask God what to do now.
hm what shall i do today?
It's going to be August 27th this year. I would get tickets while they have the $10 discount thru the end of the month.
No sleep. Exhausted. And if you didn't buy Grays work while he was living, you shouldn't want it now just because he is gone.
thanks boo!
You are the first line of defense against identity fraud… Call us today.
The countdown is on...I'll be back on the air Monday morning 5-7AM NBC 7 San Diego :)
Just got off the phone from LA. Always good calls
surfed this morning, money, credit cards stolen from car while I was gone, damn! Listening to Descendants and Vandals making me feel better.
Last call and breakfast tacos colliding?
lmaooo! That makes more sense. We were like wtf??? Hahahah
I can totally do that. Then you can just stay for the whole month until Gasparilla. Or just stay forever. Lol
Bag Bag Bag Bag Bag
At Eso Wan Books in Los Angeles while reads from Silver Sparrow
McDonald's employees now greet you with "Welcome back to McDonald's," which is surprising because they found a way make us feel more sha...
Two messages? *Glares * Make it up to you? Now, Ms. Jones, that would be revealing my plans.
All found under the Insights on the Admin panel.
What the fuck ever I just want my wafflez.
Bibs is right. The best thing for the #pens was 3 days between games 3 and 4.
#palsloungeatl would like 2 thank everybody n ATL & beyond 4 the love. We wanted 2 have 100 followers by Friday and yest we reached 107
Never felt closer to my little sister. We are literally tied up for today.
We do them on special occasions, not as a regular item yet
because nobody was watching
we cant chill here cuz my moms bf is gonna be here inna lil. So where
": Don't look for people to tell you what to do. Seek out people who will inspire you with what they've done."
How can u take back everything u haven't done??
...achieving success through honest dealing and.. the view that, for you to gain, those you deal with should gain as well.-Alan Greenspan
Blame the loss on jet lag and a fake pitch. Oh well, meeting Timo made my night! Photos when I get home.
I truly know great people. Just being around them makes me a better person too.
Pat McAfee follows my mom on twitter............. lol
#TOUCHFUND SUPPORT FROM
i.am.sore.and.exhausted.
You were right. Did you guess that a stock buy back would happen too?
Is perfectionism causing more work for you around the house? Let the family help how they can! Then, don't redo...be graciously thankful!
Haikeet #7: The light through the window / Green and bright now at midday / Soon slants in shadow
glad to hear it meant Bum not buy. Haha. And u can be stylish without waiting money.
you should hear she and I conversate lol. If you wanna see heartless... we have you covered lol
With all my heart I wish you the best in the world , success in this new stage.Have faith in you that everything will be fine
How are you? Did you find anyone to shoot your product?
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 70
MT : Tyson Foods refinery has can produce 75 million gallons of fat-based fuel annually—only 0.1% of world aviation fuel
are you sure youre not watching the price is right?
Not to mention we can't see the person talkin to us..
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Please believe that my kids will be raised learning two languages simultaneously.
i know, right? the internet is so neat! beers?
I don't understand why people do it, running away from your problems gets you NOWHERE
Life is like a dream. There’s good times and there’s nightmares. Life will only last so long, but your dreams will go on forever.<3
blueberry! And hot maple syrup on the part that doesn't touch the fruit! If I can make it that far. Lol
Character is formed by pressure. Who U rlly R eeks out whn crap hits the fan. Whn a man acts like a bihhh ovr some pressure, I move on.
I adore Jon Stewart
haha...can you imagine? He'd get stuck up there and would be too scared to drop. As long as he has the wine...all is good.
hmm i am getting ready gor new year trip:)
#TWolves have college night tonight and it's a premium game against the #Bulls. $5 for college students showing ID.
#WestMemphis3 are gonna be released!
Joseph Glidden’s invention of barbed wire transformed the open range of the Western United States into private ranches.~Don
wow frighteningly ? when i was old enough to get turned on to PF they were the coolest thing id ever heard :)
: if you like twister, you'd love the ride (or more accurately the walk through) at universal studios in Orlando
Thanks , very informative.
Hockey fans! Following the #NHLPlayoffs and your fav team? DIY fan #tshirts are a great way to show your support and skills
God Morning : )
You, too!
Believe in yourself.
Zaxby sounds like the mice
legend is at the game.
I never seen anything like it..followed by a white boy stage dive
a fair cop. though my parents are the only AZ retirees with a picture of the Obama family on their fridge.
#educause10 Pepperdine uses network access control for all it's networks and all network users
This inch of rain we're getting today would have made for a nice snow storm.
bahaha, time to invest in a new one then! lol
Just wait until you see amazing gift guide he's guest-posting on my blog! Lots of amazing ideas :)
Colleague suggested trying to get a hypnotist on campus to convince us all that grading is fun. I'm all for it at this point.
Lmao..did my lawyer seriously post: sex is not as good in prison add (I love him) lol y'all need to add him
Team GREEN
Still thinking about some things tweeted this morning so I'm going to RT them all now...
Desperately hoping my TA caught the flu
After the prof predicted we wouldn't need the whole 1 hr 15 min class for our midterm, every student stayed an extra half hour
you should just buy the damn subway.
Sometimes it's the simplest things that are the hardest.
Sure, criticize our generation. Who the fuck raised us?
'Fuck it all' is not about how much pussy he gets. Far from.
hang in there dude. Even haters know you do great work.
Man...its crazy when you think and thoughts and thinkin of you? I mean...its crazy...being I love one day then accepting lose the next...
I've changed so much over the past years. It's crazy to think of how I looked back in the day.
OK I'll bite- how was the first episode of Emily's bachelorette?
watching my yankees
Fans Reserve a Plate of for April 11th Reply & get a #fuacata 6-Pack of Free Tickets
kind of sketchy though ha.
You played me like a fiddle... Well done sir
RANDOM>> Wish that "Spies" Jam at the end of the song would have lasted longer!!
Dylan, Dylan, Dylan, Dylan & Dylan RT : 11, 2, 87 RT : what are the 3 numbers to call AT&amp;T ?
#ShoutOut to Dawgface,Gator,Kittie (swep) Brenda, and Omara. Thank you to all da guest!! N of course E.v.a. Pro Records.
theydisrespectful.. he gone have to kill them niggas
Hope all is well in TN. I see you are responsible for interviews and tweets? :)
Home. Showered. Getting ready to smoke. :)
I was going to make a gay joke, butt fuck it.
Thanks for rolling through . . . see you this summer for one of our "Summer Sunday" pool parties!
How good was The Avengers? Better than an episode of Bones.
They playing all this old school music. My mama just revisited the 70's & drugged me with her..
There was a shooting in my family's village back in Germany. Not sure what's going on?
is Joe G coming along?
Olivia- Beautiful-- reminds me a bit of Cat Stevens...
During the #ESHealthChat tomorrow, feel free to share info, ask questions, or just learn something new about health!
you suck
At the One for Courage press conference to launch Tennessee Child Sexual Abuse Prevention Initiative
It's nothing like having ur own money baby talking about a joint acct<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I think it's about time to get a girlfriend :P
My kitchen smells like a pine tree, wtf?
I feel like being a fatgirl still lol
Ow I burnt my tounge ... I well :) only 18 days of school left :)
“When did they start selling Super Bowl rings at Jared? RT Rex Ryan planning on getting a Super Bowl ring, quickly”
Sometimes I wish you would screw up, just so you would finally admit you are wrong. -_-
hella dumb didn't say my name right xD
Taking a field trip to America
Merry Christmas to all the and fans out there!
Trynna Get My Nails Done ,
Enjoy! No more flat tires for you!
Happy Birthday Katya. Hope you will shine despite the weather! Love, ATFDC
having to clean & do extra chores to earn extra money to buy mothers day gifts is always fun.
I guess I'm not cool enough to have my status updated by a proxy, so for now I will remain a
What has Andretti done?
My dads gonna make me late omg
Idk whenever u guys are free
your welcome:)
how many game you go to a year?
Stranger still. Well, to paraphrase Freud: sometimes a Gerald McRaney is just a Gerald McRaney.
We're receiving photos from our rescuers wearing their new scarves!
TTB expects to have a final version of its new COLA form available for use by the end of June 2012.
good looking out Coach. Things happen for a reason, you and I both know how it is.
Stubbed my toe. An hour later, I am bruised and still hurting. I am the biggest pain wimp ever.
Let go, Let God
I love sleep...thats where I am a Viking -Ralph Wiggum
volunteers are responding to a home fire in Carnuel. High winds continue to be a threat in NM! Be careful out there!
RT GBU ''For it's good that a man should both hope&quietly wait for the salvation of the Lord.Lam 3:26
yea key word talk to one I wouldn't go wit one... I'm still selfish wen it comes to that what's mines is mines.
Ah, hoping your next grin is just around the corner. : )
did you say south am
After work I'm going to soho !
you face is perfect the way it is. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
in love with my icon and background, ok.
The Brady Hoke era has officially begun
drake tonight yea buddy what up
I guess a trip to ColdStone is in order for tomorrow.
HEY EVERYONE!!!!! go follow my best friends and awesome musicians and if you live in ATL, you should come to their show!
In Tokyo and now headed to Singapore. It's not a full flight! Music to my ears : )
shut the front door! I wonder if I can get one of their babies.
HERE IT IS ANSWER AND RT !!!!!!!!! Name NABJ_INDY's first eboard members? (just first and last names) (: HAPPY SEARCHING
Incase you haven't noticed...Geeks are totally in.
Oh you made a video just like Justin Bieber to call me maybe? How original.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)
RT Funny, u look like a black version of him! Haha RT : Im just an incredible human;
It was wonderful to "meet" you & my boy loved Squish - finished yesterday & ready for next Hope you had safe trip home & all well
What's good everyone
you can't say it's a duet with rhianna and coldplay, if chris martin is the only member of coldplay onstage
Helpin friends out who cant seem to know who they really are . Gonna work out in a bit
#Blago is back in the volvo and now going to prison...we think. He has to show up by noon.
Safely in Washington D.C. for Gov 2.0 Summit Wednesday and Thursday.
I distinctly remember Kathleen saying "sushi!" after Frank says "sushi". This movie script is making me mad.
Well maybe, but I would've been stuck without a computer for over 2 hours either way!
excited about the NFL draft!!!!!!!!!!
no sweetheart your not following me
YOU'RE George. I'm Jerry. And is Kramer.
#thingsblackfolksscaredof george bush descendant being president
When you finish reading "The Borrowers,"
have an awesome dinner with Mom!!!
short for brother or euphemism for nigga
I'm Jealous right now :(.
please tell me you'll be at the Georgetown tomorrow night!
On behave of all the team at Living Local Newspapers, we would like to wish all of you a very merry Christmas!
thts the one im watching too lol and idk i dont have one
RT post grad work problems. “: Why am I awake”
I am a talent manager in Hollywood need one?
What's the upside to hiccups in the production phase? Catching an issue before it creates a total shitstorm.
that's what I figured, no worries.
Do you think the future of #education lies in the future of #Technology?
cool. sounds like it was fun
"Your words are a raviolis gift." Thank you, autocorrect.
I'll just die here.
Youk homer after bobby v recap.
I wish there was a #KingoftheHill marathon sometime on tv. Love Hank Hill!
SUPER procrastinating on this paper
I know. And it's also perfect, given this, that Disney = the incubator...
you screwed up by not putting a space between London and
SXSW tomorrow.... not packed yet.... oh well. who needs cloths anyway? LOL
Whatz up Big Dawg-last time I saw you, you were like 5 years old! Just talked to your Dad-WTG and on ur way to the Bigs! GoTime.
Thanks, Garry! RT: : Tommy you have my vote, you are the most experienced candidate who can get the job done in Washington D.C.
Even on the days you don't feel pretty, there's always going to be someone who thinks you're beautiful. Own it.
get out, hailey.
"The Commission (I Am Citi Boi & Dub-D) "Miss Me With That Bullshit"" on YouTube...
I'm glad I was here to see Austin rise to the top<3
Ever since, not a soul is flawless.
Hey Sugar butt... do you wanna see the Sally Show?
Dont get how everyone call bitch bout Raffi Torres, Hossa was skating with his head down....he's on the ice, fair game!!
it's hard to tell anymore.
when I get back from my tour with my jazz-art project "The Food Eaters and Likers."
Mcdonalds just tried me!!!!!!
editing NYE photos on a plane to SF
Thanks for the follows
Thank you ! Looking forward to an exchange of ideas on #gardenchat #treechat #plants. We are a tree company in Austin TX
text me back
I guess so...surprised u even have a twitter.
I'm officially hooked on
nope, due to head up his ass. lol
BRO, YOU KNOW THIS LOBSTER MAC IS ILLEGAL RIGHT? JOE HERE IN THE WINDY CITY'S GONNA GET THE CHAIR FOR THIS STUFF
Everyone is entitled to there own option it's just yours that's stupid :)
I'm a little too excited to finally make it to class before the prof.
"Deb" he wears a size 18 and loves to rock a knee high skirt on the weekend. Favorite lip color is: Jungle Red. Job: Cable Man
I'm hangin in there!
r those new Nike jerseys?
Good afternoon all lets get ready for some football
but now I can see someone else facing the Heat in the Eastern Conference.
I love writing music especially for someone else, out of the 4 ideas I think 3 are keepers.
ready to get started on my #insanity it arrived today Yay :-)
#glee <3 new directions doing one direction;)
right so what we gonna do on tuesday?
yea we just trying get some footage since ciaa this weekend..we dont wont to shoot whole video this weekend....
Setting also a problem. I'm not convinced that the lives of rich white people in Hawaii provide the required heft for a SAGA.
I got all my friends to vote for you, I hope you win, and if you don't you're always the 'big thing' in my heart :D
ur my kinda girl
' This is crazy charging 12 year olds as adults!
I did that same goal. I feel like more credit is being given to Torres' closer than to Ramires' chip shot. That killed Barca.
Dave Matthews coming to Alpine Valley Hell Yes!!! July 6th and 7th
I just got an email from the university and realized that I can't read this language of administratoreze they write so well.
#Loves sitting at the house listening to the rain(:
Buying my daddy a cake cause it's his birthday!!! xD this foo old lmao
lmaooo did u have a good time last nite
s/o
Rumor has it that she ain't gotta your love anymore.
I want a constant feed of Maradona during the match more than anything! #Argentina scored and it's going to be relentless. #world cup FIFA
Janet Jackson performed Dream Street on American Bandstand on this day in 1984. She was a cutie.
You're going to be mad, but I have to see my doctor at 1PM tomorrow. Kate is taking over. I've never needed to go more than now.
I wonder how long until the Rams requests for improvement to the ED are secretly released to the media?
No sleep till.....
Cool, makes me want to go practice. Are you bringing a guitar to WWDC? There should be a jam, so many of us are musicians.
just watched My Fair Wedding 01/22/12 episode I think u look like the bride,you were one of my first followers so I remember you
Hope everyone is having a fabulous Sunday?
Had some #margaritas w/my girl tonight. Its the #prequel to the game. Been patiently #waiting since
Meeting with a client in Salmon Creek. Perfect excuse to ride the R6 along some sunny, twisty backroads.
Dinner in St Paul on Grand Ave on a relaxing Sunday evening. I really like how Sunday can always bring a smile to my face.... :-)
I like him playing but I don't really like his singing too much
Another person. ;)
We agree. That is likely to happen if kids must pedal in order to watch the TV. Invented by parents for just that reason.
Costco RT : Who can tell me the best wine store in Miami?
Is Spanish 3 easy?
Everyday - Tender 8oz NY strip steak, made to order and served with baker or FF, Texas toast, side salad and choice of dressing. $9.95 RT
I know man lol
Phish is selling tickets to view live stream of their new years performance on line. Phish proves that jam bands are more smart than stoned.
so so so over it all.
Q2 Those who diet are less likely to succeed then those who make healthy lifestyle choices. Cliche but true
: do umps look at tape, compare notes? 'cuz League still isn't getting that early strike
Haha, do u like that movie?
Love it!
Surprising data. Online students more engaged than F2F in her Criminal Justice courses.
This RT : Don't take people for granted. No matter how much they love you, people get tired eventually.
Now would probably be a good time to get out of bed and actually do something.
Currently bored af .. Can't wait til this concert over with.
Lol at this weak sauce nigga hopping in my mentions. I bet he's one of the guys that JUST get to eat the puss cuz he's offended
Prost! RT : Viognier 2009 nose of talc and lemon verbena hammy notes, great texture oily but light, tropical, pithy, stony
check out my mix tonight on 's Friday Night Flava! got a bunch of fresh tracks to start your weekend off right.
Why do people always say "no offense" right before they offend you?
It was nice to see and last night.
I spent the morning reading a book in bed & then re-working my poetry manuscript's order. There was coffee. The sky is blue. Is this heaven?
#ThingsThatILoveInLife are family, technology, photography. I love my new lifestyle with daily visits to the gym.
Waking up this early and going to school makes me want to shoot myself.
Nice seeing you at the Tweetup COMME AGENT Mark! This is your mention as promised! Have a good night.
Off running errands with the mom.
Watching last nights Hoarders. Already awesome with hoardering and comparing books to snakes.
Smile is the best gift you can give to the whole wide universe :D
Unsuspected drinks with and Twitterless Kyle Mastey tonight. Success
God wants you to be able to see your name in lights and it not go to your head.
AH NO! SCHOOL PEOPLE HAVE STARTED TO FIND MY TWITTER! RUUUUUUNNNN!
where you was hiding this ain't nikka<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>(pinky voice)
Awake at nine this morning, but thought, "I could use a little more rest." Cut to me just now waking up at 2:00 PM.
Thanks for stopping by yesterday!
Where's the best place to get some 1800's-style naturalist engravings made? Do you have a guy... or gal?
thank you! So glad you live in Chicago too!
what, no way, thats called awesome tweeting RT premature tweeting is waiting less than 2 mns between news & pressing "tweet"
First time alone in the store, oh my gosh!
That's awesome!
We had to turn the heat on in may! Ain't that something
Just get through #Tulsa and we'll talk RT : Sure sure. We'll see in 10 years.
It's safe to say, from my observations, I'm building a prejudice attitude. Idk if it is though.
Up and coming rock band form Tennessee, and they are hitting hard.
BB: O'Dell flies out to center to end the game. Eagles season ends with 6-5 loss to Dominican.
- - How was the mud run?!
#Bobby #Valentine #redsox press conference today 5:30pm. Will he be in disguise?
CONGRADUATE * just kidding !
Yeah!!!! Military money pay down debt!!!
you sit at home and wait for me to tweet? I'll give you a call tonight Veronica.
Your pants?
nope. They said I had expired tags but the tag showed it was not expired. They asked all those questions and then let me go
Good intentions, bad habits
yeah it was kind of important as well.
All work and no show makes Julia a dull girl.
hey thanks for the follow! have you checked out our music yet!?
you're in denial
great addition indeed.
Who wants my 7000th tweet when I get there ?
Days r flying by
Talked to my little brother to him to go with my mom for treatment before he was taken by the cops, I dont want to see that happen to him<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Such a pretty day out. :)
win 106-94 and close series 4-1 get rest and prepare for wish was eastern finals my 2 favorite teams. No trash talk.
your cd is amazing. I love it!!!
Just eyeballed "The Countess" Luann chillin' in my office lobby. Had a bit of a moment.
Pittsburgh Auto Depo even if you got a repo.. those cars are not worthy!! Fix your credit and you can go anywhere where you want
I'm pretty sure I stole it from someone, but I like it too!
fill it up and have a drink!
There's a fine line between being a slut and being attractive.
awkward? why is that?
hubby asked me to bring him back a jelly doughnut from Krispy Kreme. Told him that does not fall under the HOT NOW category!!!!
and you know this!!!
With the advent of web conferencing and social media we have the power of crowds.
you are thinking of T.O. Who had issues with Mcnabb and Garcia
I understand...I'm sry. I hope it gets better 4 u bro. U deserve the best!!! Hugs!!! Luv ya lots!!!
Decided to get a vanity license plate when I register. What's better BBYJSSCA, OCTOMOM or NOSCRUBS?
#startupVeterans any collectors present at the event? Doesn't matter what you collect - coins, stamps, vinyl toys - I'd love to talk to you
So what ended up happening with the March Madness?
not sure we'd notice in our happy little foodie comas. Your place never fails to please.
ustream is having some hiccups this morning. browser keeps crashing whenever we stream -- we'll keep tinkering with it
Awesome. Thanks man.
"24 of the worlds best skateboarders" street league skateboarding
Need your voice TODAY:bike lanes plan on Madison in Midtown.Decision on how to do that & restriping Madison is due 7/31.:30
u funny “ Hopefully ii can see him tomorrow”
Whew, ok, thanks for reassuring me!
You are so right, I have been slipping on my posting. but thanks for waking me up, it won't happen again. I'm on it!!! check me out
I just realized that, since a preggo girl lives below me, there will soon be a baby there too. Hm. Testing the soundproofing immediately.
Swagger so Impressive.
It can hurt to let go , but sometimes it hurts to stay ...
#blackplaynames "for black women only, who considered suicide when kickn a nucca ass was enuf"
Michael Jackson, Everyone! At Mink last night, the Dj played like 4 tracks and everyone had their hands up in the air.
got it.thanks
Neither would mine - but I'm pretty happy with it anyway! Although I think your hat selection might be be superior to mine ;)
I have a crushed heart and idk what to do about it,i won't be able to mend this one. </3
Love my school and being part of the #bbn!!!!
Not suspended
FOLLOW US WE FOLLOW BAK NEW KILLUMINATI HIP HOP GROUP EMERGING OUTTA DALLAS, TX NO POVERTY NO MORE FOLLOW THE MOVEMENT
There is this tribe in the desert where the men get f---ed up on peyote and run around in 1970's running shorts. So we should do that too.
Getting paid to talk about #metadata in Florida GIS community
dropped a mixtape 'California Republic' cop that shit ho
I would go to dlan's bonfire tonight.. And I want to.. But I don't know who's gonna be there
I was thinking a dedicated site. i.e. search "blended learning" and get a synopsis of all relevant research with user ratings.
cool business! Check them out for a fun weekend activity in
just saying,,I'd have you tanned in 2 days flat..not that flat & twisty have #anything else in common..lol
Jesus... is God holding our hand & leading us home... He has made it so much easier for us to find our way back to Eden.
Thanks! I can't wait to get it out there as well :)
Wendy's urge wins again.
I miss you too mommy <3 <3
Finally watched True Blood finale. Why did they have to do that to poor Lafayette?
I know! :) Whenever you get off and are free, definitely hit me up!
I love you!!! Happy birthday again boo ;) hope the rest of the night was good! Xo
BEST THING IVE HEARD ALL DAY!!!! :D
. Tornadoes! We forgot to talk about my BIG fear, weather fears! Which my kids have zero interest in.
is more conservative than a rich Jew
Broke my wrist...just got back from the doctor's.
awww so are you
lol what I say
there is a castle season 5 omg omg i am so having a party
Wishing a successful conference!
that should tell ya something, don't you think?
RT : Virtual consultations by begin on 4 Feb 2011 to develop new ICT Sector strategy: Innovate, connect, transform
Just finished my second monet painting!!
Speaking generally, punishment hardens and numbs, it produces obstinacy, it sharpens the sense of alienation and strengthens the
I believe life is a series of near misses. A lot of what we ascribe to luck is not luck at all. It's seizing the day and accepting responsib
OMFG yeah me too. I hate people who don't use them! It's like do you just not have emotions or..?
Going to a taping of a Chris Hardwick show tonight. Should be fun!
sweet, i missed this weeks episode of once upon a time. thank you hulu.
#scms12 Sheila Murphy: video game studies has replicated genre and national studies a la
Heading to Vegas tonight for the first time since last year's WSOP for the Mayweather/Cotto fight! Hope I get to see PBF get dropped.
Prolific? "I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason." - Puff Daddy
is annoying :P but makes me laugh ^_^ ayay
UAlbany has its favorites plain and simple, weren't invited? you're not one of em. <<including me
RT I'll be back at 630 to eat more!! Bringing the crew this time.
Watch NBC's Today Show at 10:45am to see an inspiring story about our patients participating in an annual prom for kids with cancer.
Making big changes.
- I'm gonna bail for now. I need to eat and it's getting late here. Nice chatting with you, Myrna!
#3WordsOfAdvice Hate on me
Haha cops rolled up!
Congrats to ! Very proud of you!
“ Thanks for describing how supporters 'begged' but said nothing how opponents advocated for students, not taking sides?” answer?
Just applied to a couple of positions! I hope to hear from you soon! Take care!
I didnt wear green today and i didnt get pinched.
Good morning. Someone make this cold go away. Or put me out of my misery.
Tonight: Virginia universities reception and reception.
11 Apps and Services for Sharing, Discovering and Organizing Music
Everything has been done before.
Well played. RT : Walking out of Best Buy. An employee just got on mic and broadcast the worship Michael Vick
hey love! I thought it was good ... Not overwhelmingly great.
the most important thing you can do is rest and take time for yourself. If you don't try to relax it will be harder to heal.
It's not even cool graffiti.
Beware the barrenness of a busy life. Socrates
how bout the enormous black pepper
And best boyband ever?
Hey, Newsweek! Time magazine had a BOOB on its cover, & all you can come up with is Obama with a rainbow halo?
Delivered more shirts to Pome on S. Gaylord. They carry the Colo flag and Mile High shirts.... & lots of other gr8 stuff!
there is an autographed poster in my car for you
Today was such a great day. Now watching go james he is fucking killing it
miss you more!.text me!
#fauxchellaweek RT : CAN'T WAIT TO POUND BEERS WITH HOLOGRAM DICK CLARK AT NEW YEARS DOE
Honestly. You're annoying and you have no room to speak.
For success, attitude is equally as important as ability. - Harry F. Banks
Tim McGraw show ending immediately wi/ Savage Soulja Boy "Swing"
The new MISSION IMPOSSIBLE is #Amazing !!! Tom Cruise Killed that flick! AND Paula Patton = Sexiest woman ever!!! Good job Robin Thicke
Everyone follow my friend
#FF to fun #travel tweeters:
haha- it was nice. Great to see you at #allhat today! Enjoy the rest of
Sign outside church on LI: "I hope your troubles are as short as your new years resolutions."
love that u call PD mommy, I call mine that too when talking for them. Can't say enough on how much I love u, your fam&show!
but you shouldn't curve me though.. because i want to talk to you! <3 :)
today i jumped of a cliff into the sea it was awesome yesterday i did a concert that was awesome to :D
Chelsea menang bro (y)
sure.. kasi Jolo can't go...
Can you give me some details on the family biz summit in 2010?
Fouts said Colts win today will feel like a playoff win...since many of the Colts know what a playoff win feels like...doubt its the same
I eat ya girl up for breakfast and wont save you no extras......
": Greg Maddux, and Javy Lopez for the Braves, (the best ever)
Awkwardly Transparent. Comfy under blanket. Just thought of the phrase "The Vulva Dialogues".
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.
Band practice
Braun with a three-homer game. First of his career. So much for Petco being a tough place to hit HR's. Wow Braunie have a night!
iPads are allowing lawyers to create proposals on the fly.
How do you get prosperity? Expect it. Always ask for the highest and best; never doubt that it will come
Well!!! Don't stop believing!!! It's easy.
RT : We're giving away a $50 gift card for every 500 followers we hit! Already a follower? RT this to enter to win!
It's almost time for The
As of today, I never have to go back to 2 of my classes.
On my way to the grind (work)
You realized you had the best but now the best found better
I am one of the the Two Princes, but which one...
If you ever make your way to DFW, the chef at Nick & Sam's put a killer tuna tartare on his menu. Jalapeno Cotton Candy + Ponzu.
everything is HAPPENING
Planning a fun Halloween for Shriners Hospitals kids. Our NWTeam mascots rock
On 99.1 The Mix all afternoon!
It was very close to unwatchable. Uncomfortable at best.
its coming, stay up.
Nero killed it ! Friday is Calvin Harris!
Will you be slapping each other with it?
I really shouldn't have ran yesterday i'm not even suppose to and i forgot about it
": With that concert coming up should bring on the team to conduct interviews with Meek, Cole, 2Chainz, and French RT"
Unreal..it was just 9-0 5 minutes ago
My heart breaks for that family. Baby Angels last motion was lifting her arms toward Heaven to join herfamily, as well as her heavenlyfather
How he stay faithful in a room full of hoes?
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Dude, where's my titties?
lololololol I just realized I have been working on my essay since 2:36... umm... small tweets here and there. shiiiizzzz that's like 4 hours
Marley and Me is one of those movies that can get me to cry even when I'm in the best mood ever
watchin da video online buh,youtube is kinda suck..RT Boom Boom Bass.
I took 9 all together lol
Chicago next month, BTW! More soon.
Watching Scott Pilgrim in class! FUCK YEAH
First night of Contemporary American Literature class went ok. I have not screamed "But what about William Goldman!" yet, but there's time.
What determines what you post to FB vs Twitter vs both? Most of my FB posts are public now, as are tweets, but they're not always the same..
; "when darkness turns to light, it ends tonight." <3
San Jose
Awesome - how was everything?
that is awesome Ocho! You da man!!
After my run this morning I took a cold shower, why didn't I think of this before!??
In a magical cab ride last night, my taxi driver told me that human beings should actually be called human doings.
My girlfriend farts on me.
Good win for the Celtics!
Just saw Transformers. Terminator was worse.
Congratulations to Kenny Ross of Hensley, AR! He was the winner in our free strap giveaway. Thanks to all who entered. New contest soon!!
Poor lady just shattered her iPhone right next to me.
Im Gone M.A.D. Money All Day Im Gone G.F.B. 414 Damage Mode
Shout out to the guys at Engadget.
xD de-di-ca-tion! haha. I need to get back into writing something. I feel as though I've become such a crappy writer.
My boy has finally joined the twitter world...follow that clown
Just left the #Mavs game! So close!!
Me too. I'm trying to walk that fine line between optimism and delusional overconfidence.
It's a rainy Lady Gaga day.
follow me back fool
Happy birthday Hope you have a good one!
its just right. Its farenhight
Can u get a new botch book going? Lots of botches re: # of 1st rd QBs in playoffs=brady,brees,cassel+s-hawks=2nd Rders
Had a good time tonight, this should happen more often.
Go check out my music! Dropping new stuff this week
Don't punish the man in front of you for the mistakes made by the man behind you.
My neighbors are tearing it down next door. I don't know what he did, but she is breaking up ALL of his stuff. -Breaking Dishes & EVERYTHING
What up amigo? Are you still in the Southwest?
Off i go to correct new york!
#ThingweallLOVE when your boyfriend takes you to Splurge!!!
Thumbs up.
oh dear no. God no lol. Never. Haha how tacky would that be.
“: "I don't even need this. Still banging Giselle tonight no matter what." -- Tom Brady just now.”
Always looking for top IT talent to work in the Lauderdale area. Whodoya know!
Are you planning to do a case for the Kindle 4? I just got one could not find a case for it on your web :( Thanks! :)
Good article but disagree with premise that conflict between the 2 is inevitable. What bar are we setting?
Thanks for the shootout. Happy friday!
you know it's true
I wonder how the drake concert went
I'm that guy
whoa there killer. You need to take this a step down before it gets ugly. i was kidding but i see you wanna act hard. stop
Cavs still trail to the Bucks in the third quarter 87-56
Video: Omega-3s cut Alzheimer&#39;s risk: study
I have 5 "Kindles" (devices and apps) and was surprised that each one only seemed to knew about its own docs.
I couldn't agree more! although seems to think otherwise ;)
The lakers really did get their ass kicked yesterday tho
I personally always have something to say. However if I didn't I would ask thoughtful questions, what do you think about that?
Did we really break a toilet?..
I still think that the NFL draft is the most overrated sports event of the year
For a good time, call 606-4311. Ask for Candy. (#oldiebutgoodie)
Rocked the presentation. should be proud!
Finally finished typing up the #WestTexasinterviews from November! Just in time to head to TX again next week for round two of interviews.
19 yrs old and can't do a damn thing or go anywhere. My life is ruined.
you Maddie G - Love you !!
how do I get you on some tracks?
to the bitchez that made that picture: IMMA HUNT YOU DOWN IGGA
Use a vendor that will help you define elements for video, line up shots, light and deliver the right msg
aw yay! I'll have to come see you!
Standard aweful finish by the Badger offense to lose a game.
Double espresso 2 go!... Ok, & a brownie :/
Right on!
Yes! Cold #GeekTrivia win! DM me a new question.
A pleasure! Thanks for doing what you do. (cc: )
Why? Just Why? Yes, it can be done! 10 ways to start your day w/o caffeine: .
Hey Aspiring Artists~Grand Haven Loutit Library will host 18 and under ArtWalk competition Sept. 22 and 23. www.ghartwalk.com
Thanks Jared!
I would seriously like you back. But you're kind of having a kid soon.
the sky is the limit
i follow all!!!
Whats up thanks for the retweet think we need to get myself n Rnb's CurtisJones on the show
time is the most profound thing to waste
Mitch Duneier has a nice video introducing his #coursera Intro to Sociology class. It's a course trailer!
oh yeah....shots in you..lol
if need be ... you got it.
you never fail to amaze me!! :)
Even food sounds gross right now
yeah. i do that all the time, and then i get yelled at even more, and then i just laugh and walk away.. :)
Hey Gigi ... thanks SO much for friending McKayla on goodreads. Meant a lot to her. She's a pretty avid little reader.
So true. Today was one of those days!
Relationships are living, breathing things. Feed nurture & care about them-they grow. Neglect them-they die
Good Morning World! Grateful for this day, a new day indeed! Everyday above ground is a good day! RT
search 4 "HowToMakeItInAmerica" via People or Tracks optn & start playin a track.Rest of the trks will b automatically queued
Where is all my people at?
I went back and read it again
Just got an email saying we've earned over $300 in Rewards.
Tea drunk comes to mind. It's not the same kind of drunk though. There are tea cocktails but no alcoholic tea byproduct.
IN THE MIX!!! www.ustream.tv/channel/djjohnnyd LIVE! from 508 downtown Minneapolis.
18 reasons people use twitter (mostly enjoyment related) not what the technology is intended for. SM mgrs to consider.
Then I'm claiming it right now I'm winning the LOTTO!
Worst fucking night of my life. Hands down.
Having given up six-packs of PBR for 5htp and tyrosine, I just need to write a good country song about amino acid mood therapy.
Yeah I was a bit worried tho
At Wilson High- ready to watch Roosevelt vs Wilson Sr. Boys BB Game- Should be a good one..
Hanging out at Finnegan's Easy w Stella Artois, #frenchquarterfest, Boston on the jukebox. An awesome day.
He was saying that about Scarlett Jo?! What a sicko.
Seattle planning to connect Lake Union and Elliott Bay with a 3.5 mile looped path. Would be great. We'll see if it happens!
I heard your a player...Nice to meet you, im the coach.
now that the lions have been beaten, do the niners have the blueprint.... Or is it too early for blueprint talk
Join us for Fabulous 4's and 5's storytime tomorrow morning at 1030!
#phd?? awesome
I should just kick my heels together and go home...but I lost my way back home when I lost you...
I wanna curl up, get warm, & sleep.
This dude sounds like the cookie monster!!
Making tea and eating a fruit bar for breakfast.
*crawls in corner and dies alone*
Kewl i omg do u like the animal hats the ones tht look animals lolz??? PLZ reply and PLZ follow me
If I can cash in 1k donkament, you can win it!
If you follow me, I will buy you a new flashing toothbrush and give it to you on June 26.
Having someone tell you to "FUCK OFF" in DM and not being able to reply to em saying that you'd never say that to em cause they blocked you.
o good find! I always scope out all CBs in advance for road trips too...guaranteed kid-friendly stop!
A driver crashes his car..and takes off running. More on this police pursuit through Charlottesville on 19News Nightcast @ 11.
Bitch u wasn't shooting with me at the gym
My weather app lied to me, saying it was going to rain all day.
That is awesome...I'm jealous.
its okay ;)
At my first library conference, I met Jello Biafra. This conference I get to meet Ian McKaye.
i compared from his "One Time" video to his "Boyfriend" album cover photo... He's changed so much , unf.
Sounds like he made quite an impression. Honestly you guys gave me a pretty good feel for the "real" emotions.
Mother nature is a bitch.
Fa La La La is amazing alwasy listen it . #Love !!
Strangeland is amazing! It's been on repeat since i bought it on iTunes!
What's the best April fools prank you guys saw? Anything good??
Happy birthday to my best squirrelmate <U+E312><U+E310><U+E056><U+E21D><U+E225>
I guess Alf brings the people together. Except me. Because he eats cats.
good, cheap, fast-pick two
Grandma just passed over. Go be with God.
it dragged down my GPA by another 0.01.
This afternoon 1 world trade center will become the tallest building in #NYC !
Dammit Milwaukee, I miss you.
Thanks for the RT!
It's National Cleavage Day!! Send your celebratory pics! lol
Watching the IU/Purdue game? Our TV commercial just played. Who's attending this year's Expo?
I can't see how people can sit around & do nothing with their lives, Never that. Milliond Dollar Standards !
Nice! That sounds fun. I'd love to work in NYC someday.
who tf do I follow that's Ur friend
But why.
Decamping to Queens With rents rising and vacancy falling, nonprofits and arts groups are calling up movers and heading off from Midtown
They're so far apart on my body, tho! (Query whether lime & teal plaid might not contain internal civil unrest...)
The sip I got was incredible.
I only bowl for money.
Directions printed! Definitely looking forward to spring conference. Plus, visit to my 2nd favorite restaurant in CT.
YOU GUYS ARE SERIOUSLY THE CUTEST COUPLE OUT THERE!!! You guys are the best! Love you both!
I want my *nsync cd's back.
ugh ok. it's hard shopping alone since there's security and i hate going with my mom
2012 been pretty good to me so far. Minus the car incident but I aint being picky ya dig. A ninja got 2 jobs. Now I can focus on a woman
Are you going to hand out the remaining Thin Mints to the public? If yes, feel free to trike up here!
Eeeesh. :-/ mountains of prayers and patience ur way.
I've been pretty good. Enjoying unemployment for now, haha. I miss you too though! We should hang out sometime soon.
We will be adding business apps and social media software to our services soon. Stay tuned.
... when are we going rock climbing next? Are you leaving town for xmas?
Just arriving - excited to get my taste on. Cheers!
If you lookin at me crazy I'm gonna punch you in your shit.
haha I knew immediately who is was once I read the twitter name haha
I'm taking the week off from #FF's. The tweeps who I always give s/o's to know who they are. :-) Let those that never #FF do it once
Just chilling with my big sis
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
did you get it on video?!
Great! I see you and are still cutting up as usual. Y'all crack me up! All that LUV ;)
Thanks to everyone who participated in our IPAD2 Giveaway! We will have another drawing in 10 Days! Just follow us on Twitter for more info!
Wednesday Morning Q: In what other areas of your life do u apply lessons learned in your artistic practice?
#BasketballWives should be called "generational Curses" Shame on you all! Just happen to see it tonight, never again!!!
Hi Baby
We're in VA Beach for a wedding this weekend. Also, I'm thinking of going to closing night for my b-day.
i'm back :D
Used my #flygrip during my run, boy did I love it! Saved my life.
knows his high risk higher return stocks
whatever floats yo boat! how's spanish? lololol
Call me bruh
I can't decide whether or should sell, donate or throw away my vintage penn state tee...
Wow, the NFL really sent a message. I wonder what the player punishments will be for New Orleans.
I'm hungry
I need to start tweeting more
cute butt crack ! Haha
DUDE. you are so fucking lucky. #jealousy. o and but you know that pink pen you found at your table?
Are you going to set up a gmail acc for BMW Contest? Tweeting would require 6 to 10 separate tweets to list and hard to track 4u
I want to move!
RT : Casey Anthony: No direct evidence? Acquitted. Troy Davis: No direct evidence? The death penalty. I AM TROY DAVIS!
So mrs elder decides that tomorrow we are having a test?! Thanks for the heads up!
At the end of the day, "are rock covers of rap songs racist" just isn't a discussion I'm interested in having. At all.
It's a go for Tacos A Go Go tonight at Beef, chicken, and veggie options. You don't realize how happy tacos make me. :-D
I'm pretty sure he was talking about bullying.. But still that's GRAND that you have 3 action kits!
Just had an OMG moment when I linked to Spotify for my post #libmade music of choice. This is it!
Evangelism is so important, don't put it off - check out today for the answers you need now!
That's so awesome! I'm still crossing my fingers!
There's just something about the city. I need to live here!
yo man. Napping off and on right now due to raging until 3:30am like a college kid. Addy night yesterday.
No, I haven't seen it, I didn't know about it... I'll have to check that out!
yea I'm still learnin haha
I had a great weekend with my besty and a new/old friend. Thank you, both of you! Have a wonderful day, everyone!
i feel u so wat colleges u lookin at bruh
Thank you, thank you, thank you!!
Getting Ready for the Back in the day Cafe. Want me to Tweet your fave #oldschool tweet me up!
thank you b/c as you know, it's needed.
Sure thing. But now it's go Pred's. I'm a fan of Nashville in general so my heart goes there now.
Perhaps like there are primary & secondary colors, there are also primary & secondary skills?
who's on the kiss cam?
We are praying for you at church & as The Voice Finale airs tonight! Blessings!
ain't got time for ppl bull today unless some feelings wanna get hurt
Ladys are more perverted than fellas!
Rain arrives today. Better chances are into the afternoon and overnight hours. HI upper 50's
Apartment for rent in syracuse, NY - Apartment-Advisor.com, an apartment search service, makes your apartment rentals search easy.
: Watch out, friends. It's a vortex of awesome that you can't escape. Trust me, I know.
RT : #chicfila iced tea is not a good idea for dinner. Been up since 4am on a caffeine high!
#SignsYouLostAFight If You Come Back With No Arms
It was wild today!
If you are not pursuing your Dreams might I ask you why not? What is really in your way? That’s right, only YOU.
>>Hey I remember that night! “: 300 of us saw Springsteen tape an MTV concert there in 92 MT ://t.co/4P4JaON5”
MY BODY IS READY I mean hi xD
Happy Thanksgiving
Blooming onion, ceaser salad, lobster, baby back ribs with great night
use my repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop.com because you love #maryjane and if you couldn't #smokeit you'd #eatit :D
I have a good feeling about today.
Remember, b4 driving buzzed, that jail is cold, lonely, and the food stinks. #don'tgetarrested.
Juicy lips >>>
Check Reverb at 10 am tomorrow for the lineup announcement!
Eli Young Band onstage at #stagecoach -- makes first reference to beer 4 minutes into the festival.
Want to get free crown moulding installed into your home ? Call us to find out more.@ Mr.D's painting "We Love to Paint" and so much more.
I'm happy when i see you online on facebook, so i know you don't hang up with any other girls (; :D LOL
This is why I love you
peanut butter!
I'm not with the band, I am the band!
#wiunion keep your eyes peeled for a few film showings in May to get you fired up to #recallwalker #wirecall #staytuned!
Oml I need a plain white t shirt so I can make my 1D shirt before I find something to do.
Will be a Phillip believer? Glad we don't have to make these decisions.
LADIES Are you 18 & have at least 1 tattoo? We are currently accepting apps for Miss Rock the Ink ABQ Dia de los Muertos! www.rocktheink.net
Sweet! the more the merrier RT : I need to run! Wait for me! lol RT : Today's run is going to be kick ass.
How r u 2day?
Is it snowing? I hadn't noticed. :-) Only kidding...we got this!
RT : Try to stay open 24/7. It would be disappointing if someone brought a new idea, but you were closed to it.
I'm gonna be outta town . . .
All the relationship advice I need, I get from Beyonce lyrics.
had a great time hanging out in #LoganSquare #Chicago last night. Stopped by Ultra Lounge, Pancho's, & The Boiler Room. Round 2 tonight :)
Finally speaking with local agencies about using their girls for upcoming projects! Currently looking for on-point stylists for editorials!
Allergy & tax season, it's like getting screwed from head to toe with sneezing.
Of course, there is a possibility that someone could pick Bob's or Alice's lock
Show tonight with The Shotskis Jam Bands..8-12 in Winter Springs. Everyone come out if you're in the area!
followed (:x
Its not goodbye forever, its see you later.
Congrats+thanks! Congrats on winning Family ADDventure Twitter Sweeps!
Thank you and for the love. We are psyched women see that Felon Fitness is for everybody!
Literally everyone I get a haircut, I hate it! Why does this happen?! I think I'm done with my short hair.... UGH!
Check out Harlow in Bombshell (1933); it's a hoot!
It's raining but it's gonna be a great day and a great week!!
wished that devils game had a better ending.
great meeting y'all last night, it sounded great. Can't wait to play in ATL or NYC!
oh thats the population of the city nvm!
“: Sitting here wondering how many hot water heaters #Mitt has.” --- he wouldn't even know.
Was #ThatOnePersoninSchool that was a class clown at Corinth High School. Stayed making my classmates and teachers laugh
and Thank you for the follow I appreciate it!
Train, train go away. Let me get to work today.
>>> motivational message while I was running that 400m
Awesome! I saw a picture of him...he's adorable
shit just got real im bout to punch niggas
People complain about no one feeling bad for Gamel, only Mo. Well, considering that 95% of America knows of Mo and .13% know Gamel, duh!
Shout out to all #Canes: Make sure to go watch #UM beat #Albany tonight in #Baseball! Don't forget, tickets are free for students!
You're the reason I wake up every morning. LOL just kidding, I have school.
You too!!
Will, Y U NO shut the fuck up?
Have you missed Wikipedia today? I haven't.
On an owl stealing mission hide your owls !!!!!
: Got the poll. Don't know if I should answer because of my political affiliation. Thoughts?
#IHaveNoTolerance For sexists and racists.
Amile Jefferson is slated to decide by next Wednesday. Duke and NC State are the consensus favorites, but hard to discount UK and Calipari.
What exactly am I supposed to do with over a hundred hardcover volumes of pre-1990 American Heritage?
that's what I thought. he's like the Thing That Wouldn't Leave on those old SNL sketches.
Truly fantastic weekend with my other half and some of my favorite people from the Princeton family. Congrats Steph and Greg!
This week will forever be known as the one with all the unexpected meetings. Whether I'll accomplish anything I planned is yet to be seen.
ya i guess it's just incentive to just read those books faster:)
Thanks and following you! Check us out when you have a minute! Home of the #2DayLatteFast! Much in common with self help!
"Social Problems" 1st summer session, UB... b/c you can get done sooner on a fun-filled, learning adventure! mo' society, mo' problems!
Why is it called 'beauty sleep' if you wake up in the morning & look like crap ?
My college essay for was about having sudden great ideas for poems then writing them on napkins from my glove compartment [+]
"Shatner. And cherries. And now back to Shatner. WHAT DOES THIS MEAN"
nope, aww now i sound creepy, i'm really not i swear lol
Yea but then I backfired on your leg! HA HA HA HA HA!!!!!
Why this nigga taking pictures in front of a mirror like a woman
lol sounds fun!!!!
Visit to listen to our interview with about #HarryBaals. Thanks for the 'Harry Baals Shot First" Idea!
Charles Katz, one of our professors, is leading a discussion about human trafficking in faculty center, Wed. at 6 p.m.
WHAT? They didn't ask you first?? For shame.
Elliott Gould is right up there, but I think Bruce edges him.
Why the sad face?
and appropriately ironic that I Tweeted that statement.
My tea this morning tastes like Cheerios.
Ahah no, we just prefer to watch stuff on our schedule, so no waiting if we want to watch the next episode back to back :D
lol your friends aren't fans of the boys?
If Favre signs with the the Vikings as expected he needs to make a public apology to Packers fans when he wants back into the fold. Disgrace
#GetAustinNumberOneOnKeek follow & subscribe to on #keek !!! You could win one of two personally skinned iPod touches :D
lol too funny an well ur lucky you get to be all over the place =D
hot baths are simply delicious
: I ended up having pho. I think that can be considered a local dish to Metro DC, since there's so many great places for it here...
I know I'm #Paranoid, but am I paranoid enough?
He is a jerk & he's gross looking, he obviously has nothing going for him but he gets these girlfriends.. #WhatIsWrongWithSociety -.-
Sam Rivers always used to tell me: "Water always seeks its own level" That's never been truer to me than it is right now.
I lost like 18 followers lol
Gary Allen
Seeing this as more of a prison with weak guards
If you are female and get pulled over just tell the officer that it is that time of the month and your tampon is falling out and that you...
It goes by so fast! RT : Just got my graduation tickets! T-2 weeks
HE SYSTEM IS BROKEN. ITS UP TO WE THE PEOPLE TO FORCE CHANGE. JOIN OUR PEOPLES MOVEMENT TO DEMAND MAJOR POLITICAL REFORM B4 its too late
You're a great singer! Your take on "I Will Always Love You" was off the chain! I voted for you! RT Goodnight beautifuls <3 :)
Gearing up x TV Diner Gala Tonight,featuring Sanguches w/
Early morning #Crossfit because we're signing the lease and starting to move in to our new #townhome later today!
Stuffed after eating shrimp scampi 's. So delicious!!
Who gives a shit if Boosie is free or not? Lol dude sucks ass
Zack and Miri make a porno is trending! I used to love that movie!
A sleepy head never agreas with the thought of work in 20 minutes. I'm up, I'm up.
That would read 1973 if the first 10 years of my life weren't defined by fuckup after fuckup.
hey text me
A tip from #Belly and : "Eating the worm" refers to the one in the tequila bottle, not the one from passing out facedown in dirt
Free Haircut with any Chemical service
Feel free to hop on our Party Buses from #Denton #UNT #TWU and #FlowerMound tonight.
What an AMAZING event! Congrats & ! Now? Time to celebrate Cinco de Mayo :)
“: Faith Hill is still hot. Too bad she's contaminated with McGraw splooge.” haha hater!
Thanks so much for the kind note. I really appreciate it.
So tired!
Hot glue guns are not cool...
“: Training. Monster leg session. Let's have some fun.. #ExitLightEnterNight” me too !
way to represent!
Yeah<3(: RT : Perfect prom night with ((: shes was to drunk
i'm sorry, i have a day off? what? stuck on the futon for awhile. ;)
right right
The highest reward for person's toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it. ~ John Ruskin
So you created a profile just to bash Palin. I doubt she even knows you exist. You need to get a life.
#middleschoolmemories first love :)
Less polished overall (bad interface, no automatic bold/italic CSS hooks, lots of baseline variance), but fine & reliable once live.
Started a new book. Definitely feeling good about the pages so far.
why you slip & say her name when we having sex? why you always assuming that i still like my ex?
This looks sweet! I will spread the word.
AM workout = complete. Thank goodness, I couldn't take another day of gym-related guilt
hehe- I couldn't resist. #IheartAustin Hope you have a wonderful time at #DAAC and at the lovely
Hi Mom! Guess who's in Africa!
Trying to cover the employee data theft sessions sponsored by Ogletree Deakins. Battery is running low...
Good morning!
DO U KNOW
THE ICEMAN COMETH, starring Nathan Lane and Brian Dennehy, starts tomorrow at Chicago's Goodman Theatre. Could Broadway be next?
It's almost happy hour
Thanks for the shoutout!
no K&B not during the week days
that's all we ask :)
#IBetSBKLive knows about
hopefully liverpool's loss doesn't reflect my nyssma grade..
Hey Columbus friends! Show at Bernie's Distillery this Thursday the 17th with The Up All Nights!
Just finished gettin' it in at Ballys in Melrose.... Had a good day today... Stayin' Humble & Countin' BLESSINGS!
RT City: I like to imagine that in 2076 the third host of American Adventure will be Stephen Colbert ()
Watched several state title games on the fhsaa archives page. Good stuff. Vern Eppinette& were2coaches I watched.
Annoying little teenie Bella Thorne fans. Oh gawshhh aha.
I'm talking food suggestions, not film suggestions :)
you have no idea how much I'm dying to meet you. I love you so much boo .x
hey ash!!!
guess you can't join us?
Thanks for the Welcome to Twitter! Looking forward to our conversations :-)
Goodnight twitter! Good day, good game!
My little brother just came in my room and said " Did wish me a happy birthday yet?" hahahah. aw.
Someone please tell me why in the hell someone would open a tanning salon in an all black neighborhood?
when will the next Garage to Glory contest be? Would love to enter.
Stephen Butler Leacock~ I am a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.
Sweet Chili sauce >>>
Friday March 23rd #UET invades Atlanta with their #HeadInTheClouds music.
why is twitter different!?
weighing on my mind? Andrew's road to independence and has starting my own business interfered with his progress?
better a douche and with someone than nice and alone.
Yes, cat. 11pm is the perfect time to reenact your 2012 Olympic gymnastics routine on the bed.
heyy girl! Nice meeting you today!
clubs. clubs. clubs.
I know the feeling. Big weight lifted off of your shoulders.
next Thursday, omar is making a blue helmet roll on the menu. Lmao
Tyra Banks just fired everyone on 'ANTM': Nigel, Jay ... - Celebitchy
#thngsyouneverwanttohearyourmothersay- i know who you like/ are dating. talk about sex...and things of that nature
Spring change is in the air. Just Walk is scheming and making big plans.
Run first wine after, it works on the sore muscles
Am I the only one who likes a good bite of raw steak before they cook it?
Join us TODAY at noon at headquarters for a volunteer fire truck ride around town. Go Ross! 219 7th street.
hey how are you, hope everything's good :) are you in Miami for the week?
All it takes is a well-timed gay marriage/pot observation.
feint - laurence #nowplaying... liquid dnb is so gorgeous
Unfinished Brazilian Walnut solid 3/4" x 2-1/4" .....add the wow factor to your floor design. In-stock now!
my friends dont like anything I like and I'm just like Do you want to get slapped in the face haha
No internet on ph. Is this arrest the Arenas case, Mark?
No, took the red eye home this morning.
RT aye ma homeboy told me to check yall out Whats good?
Today, I will be awesome.
I see them as engagement programs. The game designers get a bit too much credit for leveraging proven engagement techniques.
is going back to the grind.
cmon Lee, no need for scores :P why would anyone be checking twitter instead of actually tuning in to #MLGOrlando !!!
Nice finish by Rip!
Want to make February even sweeter? Try a new McCafé Caramel Hot Chocolate today!
RT : In India monthly internet access costs 2 weeks of salary. Low cost tablet tries to deliver Internet at price of mobile phone
Company grinds to a halt due to ISP connection speed; all operations are running in Web apps… Party like it's 1999.
too scary. RT : Florida storms give me big hair like the 80's. // Photo, please.
Actress with Blonde Hair and Blue Eyes (West Hollywood)
Eat her until she cry, call that whine and dine
much thanks. Im just happy to be of service.
I just want ya body on mine
yea lol but you wad always my dude tho real cool
I'm not wit all that weak shit get money go harder and always give thanks !
New CD project? We can duplicate that for you & also print your custom t-shirts. It's all about the merch bundling these days. Make more $$.
11:30 west coast time... I think.
Love your avatar! but I love little white dogs :-)
I wana go home
All I see is music notes and dollar signs.. Fuck everything else...
no but your dam proud when you do
um.... This one(: cause this is my mahone account haha
The elitist GOP has ALWAYS done that.
I've gone w/ free,safe&fun~ ArtsnCrafts,snacks,games&exercise summer mornings in June planned! 3-5pm park-a-day afternoons.
(says the new archivist who reserves the right to get bitter about it all. but hopefully won't.)
Thank you for being such a great BM Saturday! I know it was rough. You help all of our events go so smoothly!
Exactly. RT : I don wanna play adult today *thrash*
great to see you!
try taking melatonin!
what's the code?
Did you like the pace of the NFL Draft last night and all the trades? 248-848-1130.
WHY CRY
Watching Money From Strangers... This is so funny
Boy. That $4.99 Rabbit Ridge red from Trader Joe's sure is nice for the price.
#ThankYouSteve For offer such dedication to the #computer industry RIP Steve Jobs
Babe showed me the BlastOff handshake >>> Lmfao !!!
I'm at the 92Ymca would be proud.
Test to
"When the solution is simple, God is answering." ~ Albert Einstein
Rain got you down? Head over to Cream and find some amazing products that will for sure take those rain blues away! Open from 10-6pm.
If your'e absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success.
Happy Hour is in full force! Come join in on the $5 features!
But it'd be different if u were just visiting though.
i got that snapbacks and tattoos song stuck in my headd noww lol
How much attention does John Wall want to visit North Carolina Central?
RT : Big Day for - ring bell & I donated $100 from change I collected from friends. // Thank you! :)
One day you will see my tweet, one day you will follow me, and one day we will meet. Till then... #Yolo , Love you <3
RT : New art gallery opening up very soon in downtown Milwaukee! Who will be in it?
Thank You for supporting 21XL! We appreciate all the love and support you have given us all these years.
About to hear the latest on what's happening in Pasco County.
lol ahaha na I think I ma get an iphone
Looking forward to bumping into you this trip.
Traveling today on a personal trip. :-) everyone has been very friendly so far!
We're working on it, but right now it's just a levitating glass of whiskey. Will that do?
The weather is perfect today!
lol preach it with ya OG ass
I wrote my first poem today since college. Figured if I'm going to assign poetry, I should show some solidarity.
ill tell you whats happening. in less than a week, 4/20 and then slightly stoopid concert
Awful. I only do it about every 4 years or so. But lately when I start the oven, something's burning in there.Time to clean.
I knowww what's goin on!? I have a 5 day break starting on the 19th..Whatchu doin
I'm done with letting certain people have the ability to fuck up my moods
Anyone else worried that Obama has time to fill out a bracket???
bout to eat dese gummy worms and play 2k
The Naked and Famous Live at the Vogue Nightclub. Doors open 7 PM, show at 8 PM. Non-smoking event. $17
im hoping all goes well i really think its time to go back to college!
If you watch long enough it'll become a ladle
RT I wish there was a japanese holiday like cince de mayo where all you did all day long is eat sushi and drink sake bombs. ^LOL!
We have one week left and you want to completely shut me out today..
I can't stand Kristen Stewart
Glad u had a good birthday!
Everyone follow me in GIFBOOM my username is LOREN_nd_ROBERT (: !
hey bud! Thoughts on the Sox line-up today? U like Ortiz 5 hole? Where does Crawford hit once back? Go Sox!
thank you ticia you too
yah I only know 1 tune but be a serious concert
Where did the subjunctive go? Shouldn't it be "if I WERE your boyfriend"? Is being grammatically correct uncool?
Opening day win! Great way to start the season
Grind Harder Than You Did Yesterday Is The Mission! MoneyHunterInc. Linked Up... GN TWITTER FAMILY! LILNIGGASWAGGEREDUP
Figuring out who's worth my time and who's not. People these days....
“: My proudest day as Governor- WA state has finally said yes to marriage equality!” that's my state!
Good night everybody, Im gonna watch YouTube videos until I get tired.
How can we tell those in our City who are in the greatest need that we are going to cut $7m from homelessness services?
im a gangsta.... im a rapper...ima GangstaRapper :) My all time fave Quote
Haha my life sucks ass :)
what if mobile tour makes use of what you've already seen, and what you already know, to tell an adaptive story?
PRAISE REPORT and look's like a answer to prayer for Danelle :)
Doing some SM work for a company that I think would resonate with you. Check out if you get a minute.
Because i have a total of $14 in my bank account and also cannot afford the gas to drive over there. FML.
In a fog...meds please kick in! Need to get better for the BIG 30 for and
I had forgot to bring them srry:/
Very interesting, Beth. Thanks! I'll take a closer look. (CC: )
How did I spend 3 days in Atlanta at #AHCJ12 and we never meet? Shows you the intensity of that social hive. Next year!
*Drops Jaw*
. Thanks for the follow! I'd love to get to Detroit and the one of these days - I have family in the area.
God morning pretty lady. :-)
If you are a little late just come find me or Bobby Rhodes.
that's an amazing disc!!! Watched the whole thing in one day,!
"Set goals in order to reach them! Believe that those goals are within reach!
#motivation "Attitude is everything!"
:o I only have 12..
. Indeed. Always wonder how much poll numbers sway undecideds, become self-fulfilling prophecy of sorts.
unfortunately I am not
Have you ever felt like you were running out of answers?
#sslive knowledge workers typically prefer a high level of autonomy in their jobs
Absolute, true love.
miss our time in the booth thinking of you
good tips certainly, but it should be "best content to post" rather than best time ;-)
I still don't understand what Google + is.....
Thank you for the well wishes!
New boss is a bitch
For a man to achieve all that is demanded of him he must regard himself as greater than he is.- Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
everyone deserves a neighbor like you!!!!
Only if you can get paid and give me editing software to take that sh##t off after you done
when did i get this sassy though
Setting up massage parlor in our living room. Might offer "couch dancing" too.
Like why am I watching Martin on MTV2 ... Like wtf? Who am I? ...
hm....I'll have to think about that. How about a bad date? Never been bored by someone and you need to try to be present.
Dear gary...suck it...signed, lucroy RT : naw just drink honesty!!! its ok the people will still love ya!!! ;)"
lmao that's awesome!
am I too late to get my horrible customer service example to you? Thanks.
im sorry but i cantzz you nastaaa
like in Dave?!
Neat! I'm in.
“: "I look at myself in the mirror, I'm like HOW?" - #NYULilB”
Guess ill take a nap
Is that meant for public distribution?
My current financial situation has me almost in tears. So scared that I'm gonna live out of my car again. Gonna try to sell My stuff:/
in fact, we're very very very excited for all of the plays!
umm I'm only 5'3" and 130 leg pressing 590-630# is damn good...bet if i kicked you it would feel like a horse kicked you
I won't get old, if I become skinny
I'll see what I can do ...
I had So much fun tonight!!! Best way to kick off summer? So what now....
Starting in 3 minutes in the Zone at #ibmimpact ... our 10-MINUTE TALK about how Power helped Lego save $196MM
Laron Landry to the JETS on a 1 year deal
You shouldnt dread an oil change. Come by Express Lube. Be blessed.
Remove PostTony Buch Bucherati Picture for Song "SNAKE BITE" by SOCIAL RELAPSE" www.myhitrecord.com/tonybucherati
that's insane. Thanks for the link.
aight.. hit me up when u gone be working out when u get bck.
#PLoS found an increase in submissions after assigned an impact factor, although PLoS doesn't advertise IF on their pages
#ICanHonestlySay that i love each and every one of you...ok well maybe not everyone but the majority of all of you..Scratch that just forget
omg, can you get any cuter?
love the coding techniques that I did not know were acceptable from Jason
we are! Can't wait for my new leather suit
hahahahaha mason u suck!!!!!!!!
you really need to come to charlotte on april 2nd!
Going to spend the day & night with my love #HappyBirthday bestfriend ^.^
": Studies show taller men earn more money than shorter men." also shows people with last name #jonez earn more than
probably looks hot
Zap I was a wrestler with a red vinyl mask.
also... "Ukestep" --- If I just coined that, I'm so sorry.
You have the money to buyTwitter but after your disgraceful birther pandering you cannot buy back integrity! Shame on you!
you stupid hoe close your legs !
I just love her, I can't help it. Apparently I'm in the strong minority.
Thank you for the tweet on ZirMed's Top Direct Vendor rating in the KLAS Ambulatory Clearinghouse Report
God sd He knows the plans HE has (not we have) for our lives--then He gave us a little preview! Jer29:11
I wish I could Austin.<3
Thanks & for retweeting about the Anderson, IN concert! We can't wait to see you there!!
Buy any bikini bottom get a bikini top for free at FOAM COMPANY Bodyboard Shop. Offer is good at the 1-Day Sale on Sun at the Maui Mall
Thanks for such a great kickoff celebration last night for entrepreneurial season 2012! We're excited to learn more about...
IU will have a large display at Assembly Hall for the top 16 finishers of the KY Derby.
everyone but you cares Hun and I know it hurts to have no friends to share this moment with so go make some it'll be okay ;)
just super busy :) will send email to sync up.
So i cant go skydiving now? Thanks mom.
Brain receives data, interprets, and you construct a reality; notice how quickly a position is established from that reality.
Will: "I need to go poop!" Me: "Like, #2?" Will: "NO! Like #6" (How can you counter that?)
": #Shoutout To Every Mom Who Doesn't Jst Wear The Title . #HappyMothersDay !" I know that's right !
I'll miss you when you're gone? I highly doubt it since 90% of my life you've done nothing but annoy and piss me off
I stay falling for him.
Thanks for the casino night RT. We need celebrity dealers for Jan. 23. Any RVA takers? www.midatlanticvolleyball.com
You thought I couldn't freestyle on you, boo?
Bearish here on Visa and Mastercard (MA) stocks. New limits on fees will hurt the companies near-term.
That's a bummer. This summer could've been fun
Whoever invented tortilla chips with the hint of lime is a genius. I hope he/she was knighted or something. Amazing.
OMG, LOL, goodnight!
Thanks for taking time to let us visit and get to see the team. Appreciate the one-on-one time.
Reports are indicating Auburn OC Gus Malzahn has emerged as a frontrunner to become the next coach of the North Carolina Tar Heels.
Sometimes season closures are crucial to rebuild a population for certain species. Stinks but can be necessary :)
funny uMention that: ' first intellectual retreat was over validity of the HLDI(harrylyme degeneracy index - 2.1)
Roll up..
Yes Mr. Egg we are
Lost in the future about the future of Fannie Mae/Freddie Mac is the future of financing of multifamily housing.
I really hope you're following It's just the beginning, and it's going to be epic.
not even you?
Hi there
I'm shooting for the GGBridge picket line. Shuttle leaves City Hall at 6 am. May also join FD noon rally
Another chilly day in Hollywood - come warm yourself up with this HOT daily deal! All Member Upgrades just $5 today when you mention this ad
no hashtag installed yet to get tweets to #maang, but feature exists. We will talk to NSW folks re. implementing.
Trying to get A's and B's this quarter! almost there ;D i need my math grade to go up.
Goal 2 and 2.5 for #SXSW: connect with amazing and creative folks during the weekend and reach 1,000 followers #CanYouHelpAGirlOut?
My drug rug is my new most comfortable piece of clothing <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Woohoo! Thanks so much for sharing! Have you given the Android app a try?
Thank you for the videos, Miss Hamilton.
yep that would work.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle The Escape To Titties Mountain
Looks like #chocolate and #homemadeeats are the popular choices for #Valentine'sDaygifts
I'm in San Diego also, East County & those "bikers" are nonexistent here. Really isn't #SOA!
Hope you have no outstanding parking tickets--once they get started, it may be difficult to slow them down!
we're on the same page
When Ron Paul seems to be the sanest of the bunch, what does that say/
thanks for the tips... I am so excited!!!
Happy Mothers Day MM!!
On my way to shut this OFFICIAL AFTER PARTY FOR THE "TASTE OF NEW ORLEANS" down tonight call me for mo info 2104203577
working = hell + tiredness/money
we order the Tacocopter on New Years day in Tahoe next time
On a scale of The Boondocks, I'm somewhere around Riley. Maybe tomorrow will be more Ruckus.
Never give up on your dream!
we are looking forward to playing with you tonight at Empty Bottle!
These bats just suck. Don't seem to pop like the Easton (and other company I'm forgetting) bats I've seen around the SEC.
this is true.
In '96 I was a fairly rabid Panthers fan...Stanley Cup days. But they broke my heart too many times. My son is still in.
Wish i was a left handed lol
Important families are like potatoes. The best parts are underground.
is such an amazing resource for your town and allergy free needs.
Watching the game
“: you're about 2 blocks from my place! Welcome to the neighborhood buddy!” thanks for the hospitality!
stop drinking that terrible tequila! I bet and feel fine, go whiskey (and rumpleminze)
Some things are not as simple as they seem. Some things are not as complicated as they seem.
It should have been doing the Whitney tribute!!!
Before.. I told her I was allergic to latex.
Most welcome! :)
Listening to new CAKE album... Oh yeah...
Goal is 150k bankroll by 1/1/13 got work to do.
There you go. Take that, Fat Lever! RT: Rondo today has the first 20 ast / 17 reb game in NBA history.
Great gathering, folks. Thanks for the sunshine.
RT : #Bucks starting lineup will be , Livingston, , and
love my life!! YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYY good day kind of
so where are we doing brunch on Sunday?!
I know I miss you boo :/
my 300th tweet is for and oh and i love you guys!!!!
Of course blowing crap up is always fun.
Look deeper! PA has great food but they are foolishly dazzled by chain restaurants
thanks for the follow!!
What don't you like about them? I find DC cabs to be pretty cheap, much better than the old "zone" system they had b4 Fenty
Follow to know what's going on in #Baltimore as its happening
Take it off I wanna love ya
cute kid in your pic. His mom must be beautiful!
I'm drinking a fish bowl of reggae red and watching..
Thanks for reading my interview!
WTR TV tonight ch218 time warner the village 7pm NOW!
I need to write. I'm goin' insane.
let's check in and see if you feel the same way at the grand old age of 25
can't wait to see you!
Pub Crawlin' around
no life fucks
You're a great person
thats nice that you have a flex job...I wish we all did that....maybe some day......but I'm still 8-5...boo hoo!
Buy FTP. RT we want to celebrate! Reply with any ideas you have using #PS100K to help make it really special!
Finkler ? man wrestling with the meaning of life wonders - how come I'm not one of The Chosen People, and once chosen, will I wish I wasn't?
Attorney Journal is pleased to announce that William Berman of Berman & Riedel, LLP will be our cover feature story for December 2011!
"Does she love easycore?! Cause if not, we'll sacrifice her!"
I'm really into meeting people who think outside the box!
Got that right!
Limited Edition prints of 33 countries are available - The USA print is available - Collectors Items but great for any wall!.
Trying to use after effects on a laptop is the worst!
I'm in class freezing. I can't drink enough hot chocolate!!!
Volunteer at the White House next fall. Learn about the White House Correspondence Associates Program on Tues. (4/3) from 5-6pm in MGC 4
RIP, Steve Jobs. You were truly a visionary, and an inspiration to us all.
Still trying to get to Mountain View for Quant Self. Rough travel day.
With Kelly<3
Too qualified to waist my time
That moment when you see something that meant everything to you at a point in your life and you just stop and wonder.. <3
yes I like that thought
so fwd it's poking thru my back
Goodnight loves <U+2764><U+270C>
christianmiller: slowly working through the pile of tasks built up last week while at #sla2010. summer semester seems like it is already ...
same here. When I go I just want to sit and gaze all day and night. Hard to pick what's more beautiful: sunset or sunrise.
One less lonely Boy <3
Happy early Mother's Day beautiful, you 5 a wonderful friend & even better mother <3 u always
Do you know of the bengals are going to get throwback jerseys
Leadership involves communicating people<U+0092>s worth and potential so clearly that they are inspired to see it in themselves.
#KeepDamianOnGlee DAMIAN CAN'T LEAVE GLEE BECAUSE HE'S TOO DAMN ADORABLE AND THEM I WOULD CRY.
he good I'm just not a fan lol
Bitch please I'm not the liar. I was raised not to lie. I'm better then that. Why would I have to lie about you ? I don't even like you.
yeah twitter is boring
The Truth. Ice in his veins.
Brewer is a freak athlete.
Having fun with memory issues in PHP 5.2.
You help me. I help you. Together we will make Baltimore a better place.
I know where Austin gets his Quotes! Hehe.
Charleston is my home. From birth to college. Then 2 Columbia. Columbia is blistering..unlike their 6 wk summers n WI
Do you guys know how to post videos to Facebook? Cracks me up every time!
Police just visited the house to check the backyard for the missing #washwest prisoner, said he is handcuffed but "keep the doors locked"
I know that I'm a mess with my long hair and my suntan, short dress, bare feet, I don't care what they say about me.
Thanks to for helping us get the word out!
i aint even tired
Finally going to sleep after 2 unsleep days! Can't believe we're finishing all this tomorrow. I will miss these peps so blebling much! Xo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
What rational reason could there be for doing worse at it in the 3rd spot?
Pre-marital sects.
Welcome to the Maschine club!!!!
How many times do I have to unsubscribe from Omaha Steaks? Geez, you buy your brother some meat one time...
Its going swimmingly. I wonder does me liking Justin for his faith and Jesus an his passion for what he does make me a belieber
Thank you everyone who came out to see us and all the other bands at Theives Grotto last night! Can't wait for the next one!
I want a nigga that has #swag and knows it I hate guys who think they got something they don't #truth #teamfollowback ;)
......Another sunday up.....another sunday where a ninja gotta work
it is easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference.
Hello There
My feet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> and I'm still sore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> still going to the gym tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
best of luck in San Juan 70.3!
My sisters are crazy
alright thanks! Everyones saying it's really hard, but i'm excited! Ahah
haha ? That made no sense lol .. Ohh is it uh... Nvm lol . Cuz my friend lives in his neighborhood but she said that he
wish I was in your lunch
what is wrong? Glad to hear the first one was a success
my project
(jealous) xo
Taking my sis to see and Not the same without
Have a good evening/morning!
no he thinks it's cute!
Be sure to let us know when you are in town! We'll be sure to save a room for you!
I need some coffee! Quick fast!
dat biggie-pac shit got way outta hand...Drake lately been talkin wrecless like he a thug..idont know who gassin him
hey Harry how are you you probably will never see this but can you please follow me :)
If you are trapped between your feelings and what other people think is right, always go for whatever makes you happy.
Whose got the best example of people using Google+ so far? Show me the money!
lmao ok ok girl!
I once had BOTH wrists broken. Now THAT was a challenging six-weeks. Good luck and get well soon!
Here we go Simmzy's, here we go! Tomorrow we open for business! Come on down and say hi, we like you already...
24th! How bad is it other places?
lol....that is absolutely in my to do list now!!!!!! My mechanic was VERY happy with it :-)
So there's this boy in my class, and he's flawless.
I may need to go visit Thailand. #LOVE the cuisine...
we r leaving friday night and coming back Sunday... I'll ask tomorrow I'm too lazy to get outta bed! Lol
This is what happens when we continously think between the lines and NOT encourage out of the box thinkers. We now suffer.
Come and "C" what all the buzz is about! New Numbers and Letters, up now on #productionvault!
lame. sneak out for some dranks.
Life isn't about having no problems it's about being strong enough to deal with the problems you encounter along the way.
that's a joke...
The female brain is much more adept at reading the emotions and expressions of others
haha thanks man! Appreciate the compliment.
Whew! All this dust has me sneezing
RT : God makes things happen for a reason. So just remember, when something bad happens,--- THANK YOU I NEEDED THAT
Come on buckeyes
Thanks for having us! We had a great time
Its the only thing that gets me out of bed in the morning lol
Dream a little dream.
A year of bad mistakes.
Hahaha the bus ride up here was crazy
Aye my school has had the WORST week ever&its AMAZING how ur music can change SO many lives and change SO many ppl. please RT.
Congrats mount union class of 2012!
On our way to for dinner in It's rainy, we're a little late but it's the bf's bd so we'll make it grand!
A #Girl who holds her own and dont need shit from a man #Shoutout to yall. Your a winner....
You should watch Melancholia, then go out and look at the super moon and pretend you aren't freaked out just a little bit.
its a shame...
wine night at East! Enough said.
The first copy of "Where the Wild Things Are" I gave a child? Eaten.
yeah I remember!
At Academic Roundtable pre-conf "What Do I Count?"
Isn't that like wanting abstinence, but then giving them a condom? It kind of says we're two-faced.
an american for america: AMERICA MULTICULTURALIZED TO ...
Every gurl loves a man whos always thre 4 them nvr has excuses to not wnna go anywhre shows hw much they love u an is very supportve
cinnamon almonds , yummy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
now you never get to haha
Uh oh. Guilty :( Refresh my memory.
If wants a job...start in your neighborhood...start individually...pay it forward.
I'd like to talk with you, I service alot of RE Agents in Seattle prepping thier listings for show & Open House...
I still can't find it!
Just to see you smile I'd do anything That you wanted me to And all is said and done I'd never count the cost It's worth all that's lost
What kind of music you into?
RT : NCHC President and CEO to moderate NASI panel today at 2pm! For coverage of the #NASI2012 conference
you mean the world to me...
My bananas verse
totally lost all respect for you.
Portlander lies and says he loves the rain and looks forward to several months of wet shoes and socks.
thanks so much!!!!
Joel Quenneville content as Blackhawks' head coach - Montreal Gazette
I second can't wait to hear about what's next!
One of my favorite books is Jane Eyre by Charlotte Bronte.
why do people think Joshua is so good? overdramatic, tries entirely too hard, and nowhere near one of the best contestants in #Idol history.
Got attacked once again by a freaking bird on my run. This time I think he actually tried to eat my head off. I HATE BIRDS!!
my one week old Satellite L755 got broken by a BIOS update you pushed, and now you want me to pay for shipping it to repair ctr
I wanna skip every single class today. I don't wanna do anything or even breath. I just wanna sleep.
Sleepy, Hungry & Tired
& once again its only me, , , and my sister on my TL!
ill come grab that jersey from ya before tomorrows games...you play at 615 right?
I mean it is really strange when your ex talks to over half of your friends........................
Over 600+ people have RSVP'd for presents and we still got 2 weeks left!
My most hated sound, My child crying. Gotta love bed time. Now it's peace and quiet.
Just got off a great training call on maximizing your marketing efforts on Twitter...thank you
Nice to meet you (virtually) Lindsay! RT : Thanks for the follow Gregg!
Thanks for retweeting!
DM me if you need a t-shirt sponsor we are in Portland (well nearly).
Yeah, it would be a good scare tactic! RT : I think watching the movie Twister is in order.. you know just to prepare
Awesome! Love Pajama days ;-)
Victim's family says woman sexually assaulted while hiking in the Columbia River Gorge was slashed in neck and leg during violent struggle
": probably not until the end of May. I can't drive to Denver by myself anymore." :( im gonna come see u soon
I DIDN'T GET IT. IMMA HIT U UP 2DAY.
Thank's for the shout out!
stomps into room, what's this ruckus?
Morning my twitter followers! It's the weekend, enjoy your Saturday and this beautiful day! Time for me to start editing ...
Do you know whats happening on 12.26.2011 ? Stay tuned to find out!
I'm down to play. I'm Gettin trippyyyy
HIRE ME! I love and want to be a part of the team!!! :) SERIOUS
": Bout to unfollow this cancer patient looking bitch."ctfu you scanlous !
shut up!! Don't try and take him from us lol :-P
I want this new album of yours!
Credit to the USA defense, holding strong with their backs to the wall
MT how dedicated are our reporters? It's 's bday and he got tear gassed!
“Demi is so cool, she's such a strong young woman.” - Lea Michele.
enjoyed our 1st visit to I look forward to returning.
he does. he totally hates them. can we start a support group?
A friend is the one who hang with you when the others are out on the town- InSpotter app
I've never seen so many ppl over 50 dance so hard.
Yeah!! I love it!!
LOL! Thanks for the heads up! From now on we'll have to say - enjoy a Guiness like home brew with THE ENDERS
What about the mental part of PE & HELLP? Having a preemie once can make the next pregnancy terrifying!
"I know I said I'd date a fan, but to be honest I don't think I have enough trust in them"- Justin Bieber....LET ME DIE.
good idea will do that as well.
nah on my phone
Girl got mad cus guy was looking at her... She made smart comment to him... He slapped the shot out of her..
Already booked birthdays for the City Lights Event on Nov 19TH.
Lol my parents are calling Josh Hutcherson their son-in-law.
Im High af!
we've heard the same. rt : report is out that ben is the next bach...what r ur thoughts?"
It's nice having a busy social life since my love life is dead.
appreciate it man.
Lol its time to hit the gym
Love it. Big time pick up. We need about 2 or 3 more like him!
best believe that.
YOU KNOW IT!!!! Go party
If you're a steelers fan..delete yourself from life..love, Bob.
Also, I now have a BURNING hate for Kris Humphries.
Everyone keeps saying they're in their duffle -_-
ah.. That's a loaded question my friend.. But I know what I'd want in my paradise:)))
If your only reason for wanting to be in charge is because you desire power, YOU SHOULDN'T BE IN CHARGE!
North Carolina!(:
mermorizing lines....i love it!
Something is wrong when most of the thoughts you have start with 'Really?'
I believe that I have an idea... ;)
( CLICK HERE TO ORDER YOUR GUIDE TODAY) <U+0093>Brianna , I have really enjoyed reading every word of <U+0093>Boutique Magic
is a Gotyour6 partner. working with , #HBO, celebs + other nonprofits like to help
Ready for today's warm-up! 50 degree weather here we come!
Say that! : Every time we meet,, He tells me don't trip,, He got me!! I don't need nobody else in the city behind me,,
I love the music video to that song :D My favorite song of theirs at the moment is Helena Beat :)
I would be interested in discussing us working on booking some at your events
my mom said no one can come over cause joe is sick. But if you want I could come over.
then lets go >:)
(Mike) it was great meeting you today!! Thanks for being super awesome and knowing who I was! Hahah :)
thanks for the follow! Live and work by the edgewater location and am there frequently!
Friday Night I'm back in Georgia rockin' it with &amp; at The Alamo! My favorite music venue in GA!!
GW. 21st and h. Chupacabra comes to feed your hungry.
Thanks for the great evening on Thurs at the PA #publicrelations society meeting! A very engaged and educated audience of PR pros.
": Then I had another dream that I finally got to meet my grandpa on my dads side, I woke up crying."aw yu okay
job moves us back to #clt you can count on it!
it be the ppl you look down on who reach the top b4 you...
When you are supposed to meet somewhere for a practice or whatever at least have the doors unlocked.
How is your day going?
Thanks for checking in on
I got the sense u were talking about me lemme just say uk what's up #thuglife lmao
I very much love the video edit!!! Amazing work!!!!!
I understand ha.
Lining up internships for the Fall. Gap Year- very popular now.
Head up high. #Miami played a great game. Lets remind the Bulls fans that we are still the
Words of wisdom.
Sweet of you- thank you! :-) This project is going to be fun to do!!
Good morning and thanks for the RT!
#AdobeCaptivate Anyone know how to put line breaks in the quiz review area for quiz pass fail? I tried "\n" but no go.
A hat-trick of auditions today and a stomach full of butterflies. Life, love and opportunity, y'all.
You can find me @ either www.therecruitingfirm.net or www.compugain.com
Trying to!:) Gotta work, but loving the opportunity!
Oh you lucky ducks! That looks beautiful : )
I love you, perfect girl. You better be bringing me a box of diamonds <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E>
Peyton+Denver=Perfect. They proved they can flip their whole system 4 a mechanically challenged QB and win. Now it's
great post!
Why do I always do that?
I'm a geek for presidential documentaries. Loving the new one about Clinton on
WOW! George Lucas in Chicago?! RT : I was just in the AON Center elevator with George Lucas. Sorry n photo.
thanks you just wasted 4 minutes of my life...
i didn't know chachi was mexican.
BRING IT DRAMA AND ALL
I miss nachos. And bagels. And cream cheese. And regular cheese. And fancy cheese.
Stay tuned for new qualitative studies coming out this summer on what a good success course looks like
o I can't wait!!
Congrats to all the new KState grads!!
Volunteering at the Santa Fe Center for Contemporary Arts. Catch a great indie or foreign film plus visit the galleries.
idk cause this project is giving me a headach
He did the Buffy TV show. RT : I don't really know who this Joss person is but I loved his take on The #Avengers!
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm. Churchill, Sir Winston
Up to 1000 words in my 2000 word final. Only on the 2nd guy. Will definitely go over and need serious edits. Ugh, parsimony.
not me as in you don't congratulate them or not me as in your not in the army etc? Lol
Wow..I get to call another dept! If you move they give you 3 months free channels, but bill you for in advance after the 3 months?
Don't worry. It's a big city. I'll stay the court mandated 500' away from you.
*rolls eyes* your so good at acting your don't love me back!
You and sharing the same b-day!
Tweet us your questions for We'll answer a few live on Sports Sunday. Blazers, Timbers, NFL Draft. You set the topic.
Keep calm and fangirl.
holla st me bro.. i need that product for my new store
gets tons of use, totally worth it. :)
#ReasonsWhyIAmADirectioner : Because the boys help me get back up after a bad day. Thank You. :)
I'd love a mini goddess reading. Feeling very blah today so it might help me perk up! thanks for the RT
Wait today really is National Lingerie Day? Why wasn't I told this sooner? I would have worn my cute undies today.
Haha, thanks buddy. Now get some sleep! lol
Does Tumblr get bought next?
my momma just told me i might not be able to go back to school for now. if i dnt go now i probably wont go back =/ this makes me wnna cry
Amazing, hits the wall, enough sense to throw to the cut-off guy. That is a heads up baseball play all around
aight i gotta go upstairs and find one but find urself a shirt in case obvi and then u'll chane at school .
Sounds like a familiar situation: 46, 208 pounds, want to get to 185
Toy Story 2 gets me too. When they show Jesse's back story. Wa!
Taking to for his first playoff game.
Shh. If the wrong people start poking around in the closets, they'll want to throw things out.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool: I'm so tired I can't even think.
I want someone to talk to :/
RT If Matt Harvey's so impressive they should just make him the 8th inning guy.
Good Morning Herbie!!! Thanks for the RT!!!
Still waiting on the day G Ustreams
Now on to Hulk.
Watching church league softball>>> haha:)
The double decker was cool. RT : Credit tUSOC for creating a platform before Olympics. Loved the takeover Times Square
love it! you all shld try
why am i so hungry this morning. ah, yes, it is because i have leftover waiting for me for lunch.
True, before I completed my first spec I never thought I could come up with 30 pages let alone 90-120 pages
Somehow some way every saturday I always end up here with bebe...by ourselves doing nothing.
I know it's going on and trying to figure out weekend plans. If missed definitely one of the next one's.
they played your song this morning!!
hey there how r u? I see u went to Vegas. Did u get on stage at da club? Lol
finish off with an "I'm just kidding haha"
Morning Julian! Hope you have a good day!
Blue slide park! One more day yeeeee
That word "lesbian" sounds like a disease. And straight men know because they're sure that they're the cure. ~Denise McCanles
Happy Birthday! Have fun at the Pike.
WE NEED PICTURES OF YOU ALL DRESSED UP! <3
I'll never get you to notice me aaha:p
maybe peyton....are you serious?
- Thank you so much for the card in the mail. Will get a chance to give you a proper #video thank you tomorrow!
Nonetheless, work is where I'm a viking.
Nice to serve you and your family! RT“: #dinner was great luv havin sunday dinner with my huney n kiddos:)
Best sleeping weather ever. Goodnight. #LoveRain <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><U+2614>
“: Reading about food Stamp... Good program!!! ” thnx Cindy
Looks like that's about to change. RT Day 46 - no arrest
#libpitch OH. Here's the phrase that pays (not really pays. I wish): #savenyclibraries. NO LAYOFFS. NO LIBRARY CLOSURES. PONIES!
getting ready for some crazy days coming my way
same here
2 fumbles to start......nice
I am in my insomnia mode again. Without running, I just don't sleep. And my hoof is in a boot for a bit :( How is NY??
banana puddin' sounds bomb!
Happy St. Patricks Day!!! Have a wonderful Day!!!
When someone was once important to you, hating them is impossible
ill do my best! Were in scotsdale so not sure the geographic proximity... & I do dishes well: add detergent, press start :)
Who says,who says you're not perfect?
RT Don’t be that guy who’s always griping. < I agree
And I am supposed to be there during Ramadan
SO WHY DON'T YOU LET ME KNOW IF I COULD GROW OLD WITH YOU.
Had a dream of a very good dream :)
Interesting article, right? Thanks for retweeting!
I recently had the pleasure of meeting Manuel Schwiertz of ON Neue Musik Köln. Among other things he just started a new label for contempora
u can not fight love ....... so why are you doing that ...
Have a lovely morning and a loved filled day!
I left my tooth brush at your crib... And coffee mug.........
Thanks !!! We appreciate the "wow" :)
Lol yea she said u can add her if u want :P
#GOODLUCKJUSTIN!(: i love you!
I tried to help a snapping turtle to cross a road once - I picked him up and he tried to bite my arm off!
“ oh dan did we miss that :-( where the party at???” LOL Dont worry we're gonna redo it #OCHOdemayo LOL
Try our breakfast Groupon Now deal at cafe41! One of breakfast wrap/sandwich & coffee for $3!
have a great time at #celebratemama today! Hope to see you #BabyBashBling on 5/19!
what is called on IHeartRadio?
lmao :'( at least i dont talk like mike tyson so im good right
you are coming up blank because it is its own funny. Politics? Really?
Heading back to work after having a week off. Man, am I tired already. It sucks that my next week off won't be until 2010. I'll survive.
Come Fly Away tix gifted 2 us; So Thankful! Caught Tampa 31st Perf. 80 min of breathless, flawless, fearlessness,& beauty...
Michael Jordan highlights are silly
#raw10 RIP - Nate Dogg - Loved you and your music will stay with me and mine forever.
and Afghan governments have begun secret three-way talks with the Taliban, Afghan President Hamid Karzai told The Wall Street Journal, dis
you the man! Have a happy flight. (catch that #STLCards shot?) Thanks again.
Let god guide your steps and follow his lead when it comes to achieving your dreams and goals
We hope you love it! RT": I got the chicest tweed tote bag from they know their way around a textile!"
Drink Drink Drink Drink
Congrats to you and !
Millenials also having smaller families and waiting longer to have kids = more disposable income in their 30s
Do you think that was a sign that I should paint a bummble bee? Have to stop typing, don't want paint on the keys.
Reminder- as always Ladies drink FREE 6-7pm every Wednesday New wrinkle- 2 for 1 drinks for ladies the rest of the night Forrealz
Goodnight granderz hope u all feel better :) will always be in our hearts he will never! Leave us stay grand! <3
No ima be in PA
Grilling out, my neighborhood out here in Hilliard is having some sorta block party going on a couple of streets over. I hear a garage band.
Just finished a great steak dinner in nyc...wolves almost beat spurs. Debating the game...what did u guys think?
No date set yet. Still trying to sort out the details but would love to involve you!
Woop Woop!!! :o) RT : blasting Tupac's California Love in the studio at request of my EP
yourself to be apart of it.
Yeah. We are the dark horses. LET'S GO PREDS!!
Possible WORLD RECORD: on-air LIVE w/ Ghana *and* SierraLeone. Listen NOW to be part of this historic event!
Glad you liked it! RT : Just received Silent Star - love it and will review it next week. Thanks.
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music ?
can i help u
hot tamales make u jolly
BREAKING: Dick Clark dead at 82, according to TMZ.
I LOVE AUSTIN MAHONE,PROBLEM????????? <3
Cleopatra for book club, also Drama: an Actor's Education by John Lithgow (fascinating) are my #fridayreads. Saving romances for Irene.
Sharp white cheddar YuMM
ikr they are amazing. I've been reading them ever since I found her blog xD
All that we behold is full of blessings. ~William Wordsworth
Holtby is a god... He is the future and I thank him. I have no words for many other players and coaches on that team.
u never lied smh I cant wait for it to be over
sorry you had to witness the massacre of that pizza last night... I have a problem
along w/ appreciate the love!!
my kid just did it- had to pick sims for last one when her answer was no:( - sending it to our kids now
First day of no school(:
I can't freaking sneeze...
Update: Caps vs. Pens game 1 now on Saturday at 1PM.
Happy New Year to all of my followers. Hoping you have happiness and motivation to change your dreams into reality in 2012.
i love jordan so much<3
RT : A sunny Cinco de Mayo is underway with mostly dry conditions. Temperatures will be hot in the upper 80s this afternoon
Thanks for the feedback. We simply opted to go with the terminology used in the headline of the article.
Oh god it's the worst
The traffic I have to sit thru on Cicero just to get me a sandwich from Potbelly's
Lol imagine 25 hours a day? How would you spend it?
So Much HW to be DONE!
Best feeling! Don't forget to share haha. I got some too <U+E057>
You should check out "Terror behind the walls" at eastern state penitentiary in Philly
Getting ready to go dark for #EarthHour at 8:30. Candles ready on the patio.
Listen to podcast. Today's episode features The Santa Clause and Punkin Chunkin.
Metro, why you gotta make me late to the #TeamPike meeting?
New lyric video coming out today... Yayyyy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Well if it makes you feel any better know that praying for you so that you'll be happy once things change
Evidently ESPN no longer bothers to talk to Les Miles for a quote. They just broadcast his Twitter feed.
Lmao RT : #MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she knew I was walking around time square intoxicated as fuh with
I'm going to assume the ride in my pimp car is what did it for you. (WHY is everyone going to Washed Out?)
Yes - study done at Mt. Sinai. Sorry to hear son failed with muffin. Hopefully with time he will outgrow it!
so what is your instagram cause...I kinda didn't follow you.....lmaoo
do you remember the early #GOP debates when they were talking about #health ? The audience would clap loudly w/talking cuts.
It's more expensive at Campos but Chipotle opens at 11 <
"At midnight I saw the sun shining with a splendid light; …"
Damn right. Can't think of a Soderbergh movie that was interesting.
thank you! RT
First personal training session begins today!
wns, but she'll always be my sister.
Eastern. As in five minutes from now. Tune in!
Happy Birthday! RT I am now the answer to life, the universe, and everything.
Looking for a job? Posting on Facebook tomorrow. Boone county comp hiring
- aha, Girl dnt worry ! I got this !
So im about to run out of gas... I should have followed my gut instinct!!!! Ugh!!!
I promise you, if you chill with my ex friend, she'll fucks with you literally for three dollars.
I do love that the panel was scheduled for opening night of THE AVENGERS (don't know if that was intentional).
Gas prices have never been higher. Unemplyment continues to be high. I am SHOCKED to see a (D) next to Obama's name.
YEEEEAAAAAAHH!!! RT : It's move-in day!
I know.... y'all SUCK! Can't believe y'all are all abandoning me :(
Tolerance. Sounds so easy when in fact it is so difficult!
Sorry Facebook, Twitter and I have a better relationship its not u... wait it is u
That is a glorious song to have in your head!
I think we should take the Carolina road trip this season!!!
!Kool will c!:)
Congrats on your new venture!
Aren't there any REAL people on Twitter anymore? It's either all business or pleas to follow other people!
USC, hurry up.
If you're a guy you'll probably never receive a text from me first, unless its me asking an important question.
RT : Matt Kalil excited to play in the "great city of Minnesota." I'm sure they'll work on that ...
Legs question. Sheer pantyhose black, clear, or no pantyhose?
it's weird because my mom says those kind of things to me, but she thinks they're adorable. like, wuut.
...i'm long dickin like m m m when i get on
I just ran into my elementary school librarian. Like you do.
I'm feeling like a million bucks
My landlord emailed me today that if I need till the first I'm cool, that said, I think I can get a workout in tonight! :) U...
I wanna see! I watched pom and it looked good!
I love spreading time with
Michelle Obama's Spain vacation cost taxpayers nearly $470G, watchdog group claims | Fox News via
Very excited for an upcoming event we are participating in, here in Colorado Springs... Will update as details become available!
That dude Chase Carraro killing It for Denver.
really?? you automatic lol
Oh... yes! Tara snagged that one!
Its Monday People Let's get this day started. Peace
You, too!! One step closer to the weekend :)
may god have mercy on us if #izturis the man for now....
Austin must be so excited about tomorrow lol
Studying at college is fun, sometimes not, thus, take as much advantage as possible of the knowledge provided, never be afraid to take risk.
You fight with the ones that you love most, that's how you know they truly care.
they better
They better win! Clippers be getting lucky.
This movie Death Race good but cruel..
Parents: 'School is your job!' Really? How come I don't get paid?
Guilty as Charged along with beer & wine flavored snow ones!": Raise your hand if you've ever had a pickle flavored snow cone."
Art in the lobby of the Tehran Hilton by Madi Lanier, a Jewish refugee from Berlin who worked as a window dresser in NY....
Early meeting. Better than a late meeting the day before a holiday, I guess.
Ugh I want to go back to sleep;
"sometimes lipstick solves everything" thanks to Shauna Curtis for the reminder, so true!
hows it going?
Note to - I used your blades for the 1st time today - and they aren't any good. They're F---in' great.
Yeah! Patriots!
My nigga im faded and
": Watching Entourage reruns... #Weakness lol" < that's my favorite show who is your favorite
Make this a super Sunday and come on out to the Hawthorne Burgerville for lunch or dinner to support the Muscular Dystrophy Association.
Shout out to Anna from Florida! 10
Everyone is walking like zombies =0
I believe in reincarnation because no one can be as stupid as you in a lifetime. #LMAO ;)
far as safeties go tho kinda big drop off in talent after Mark Barron and Harrison Smith
she's flawless! :)
See you tonight at 8 in the Living Room.
MY EMOTIONS WHERE ALL OVER THE PLACE AFTER SEEING IT.
Gonna try to save up some money to buy a new iPod Touch, because I'm really starting to want one... <-<
Happy Monday to you! Thank you for following!
love you too
“: Excited to see a new season of gets better and more artistic every season” love it!
Getting ready to see Festen at St. Ann's Warehouse. Stage version of Von Trier's Celebration.
hi i m Zori :)and u
Happy birthday. Hope you enjoyed you day and live to see many more.
Ah no my throat huuurrttss
RT : To paraphrase what was once written about Raymond Chandler, #LevonHelm sang as if pain hurt and life mattered. Godspeed.
Well you have competition.Our friend Lenne Laguire of Elle Elle produced a crawl-worthy blueberry jam, a fig-vanilla bean jam & a chutney
I randomly just got up to clean my room....
Thank you for caring for me. *Smiles softly at *
Eventually the polls will be narrowed down but it is VERY IMPORTANT to get OUT V O T E it does COUNT
We are going to miss our senior footballers. We wish you all the best and dont forget to join FHF when you graduate!
THE FUTURE IS BULLETPROOF, THE AFTERMATH IS SECONDARY, ITS TIME TO DO IT NOW AND DO IT LOUD, KILLJOYS MAKE SOME NOISE.
Special *****$75 for 1000 4x6 glossy flyers, double sided no shipping charge + 20 11x17 posters******This will not last long.......
nice! Are you riding "shot bun"? Ha
lol. You weren't really driving a car, were you?
indeed, sir. indeed
What a beautiful day.... :) no traffic... Oh and the weather is amazing as well :)
Unproductive 2 RT : “Productive stupidity means being ignorant by choice“(from Jnl of Cell Science)
No dude should ever text another dude the word, "hey"
fa real?
damn Madden curse strikes again
How was the walk ?
me thinks I shall today! Around 4
Friday the 13th..Could it be the luckiest day ever? Usually is for me!
Yea it's scary how expensive college is, especially since I'm determined to study abroad
tryna find out where i stay ...bitch i stay wit gunz -- JuicyJ --
Opportunity cost. If you want the book there and now, it costs a bit extra.
insert many expletives here.
follow back kidd (:
I have to call my folks. I know my uncle is somewhere curled up in a corner crying about Chuck.
omfg, you act so fucking innocent like you don't know what the fuck you did! FUCK OFF GARRETT STOP TWEETING ME.
I can't begin to explain how pumped I am for the #WalkingDead tonight.
Grammys are one thing, but Jared Jeffries will be talking about & on Sports Xtra on Fox 5 NY at 10:30 EST
Twelve Americans recieve prescribed marijuana from the U.S. government
17 days! EEk!
It's official! The SFPD are enforcing the new "sit/lie ban" in #sf. Between 7am-11pm, no sitting on the sidewalks! What are your thoughts?
" I live for that kinda stuff!"
you got season tickets? nice
After quietly stalking the sandwich for miles through the dense forests, the housecat feasts on its query.
Did you ever read the Falstaff as the overman section in Ruin The Sacred Truths? Its center is Falstaffian aggression.
Thanks guys. Ankle pain and feet galloping to pieces but mission accomplished
Thanks for coming and to the IIA 2012 Kickoff!
What goes in dry but comes out wet, the longer it is in the stronger it gets, what am i... A tea bag that's what you were thinking of. right
Cathedral Square already has its #Christmas lights in the works! What do you think? How early is too early for #holiday decorations?
#Fourpeaks Creative Leaders Dinner at Pearl Jam guitarist's Studio Litho. To discuss: what is the next step for the Pacific Northwest?
Just watched star wars with my son for the first time ever. I cried, seems rational.
Thanks... Can't wait to watch.
those times when your mind take over..
#SFL #Event Profs: Join the Greater Miami EPA Chapter! Let's build our biz's together. Any q? Ask
At creative mornings with
There is snow on my lawn ghosts! What?!
H4H had a great first build day. Thanks for all the members who came out. Kicking this semester off with a bang
and will be in the building tomorrow at Palm Gardens for the All White Fight Night...BE THERE!!!
If i was as perfect as , i would crucify myself
I don't really follow any famous celebs but your as real as it gets when it comes to being down to earth! You alright with me!
to what end?
RT : If you missed it, it's a gem – decades-old Calvin & Hobbes comic succinctly explains
Thanks for the love!
I too don't think of home improvement projects as never ending. More never starting.
DAMN STR8...it is of the chain & it is in the strip district in Pitt.GOTTA have 1-they opened 1 in FtLaud-thank GOD! :))
New Now text awards on Thursday!!:) No school friday ABDC premiere on Saturday!:) looks like its going to be a great week
Brain Floss: Several studies have found that black or green tea has antibacterial powers that help prevent cavities and gum disease.
": Brownie batter > brownies". Just like choco chip cookie dough > choco chip cookies
wait til I get finish eatin k
That last RT was phenomenal.....classic!.
I f#@?in hate my life so much. The one thing i want 2 do w my life which is medicine i cant do bc of my stupid OCD.
I just wonder whats goin on after u leave someplace like if your missin anything
Hm...I shall take the silence as a "NO, Lisa, you DON'T get to meet me." **walks away rejected** :C
Bought a new phone charger
Can't wait till midnight. Asking Alexandria's new short film and song.
Enjoyed spending some time with my guys and
Going back to last Friday it has been raining everyday either going to or coming home from work...I can't deal anymore
Set four alarms tomorrow for morning. Just to be safe.
Bitch fit time
Hope you all have a Happy New Year!
get any votes?
my pleasure! enjoy 'em!
That's a stunning shot. Thanks for sharing (I'm nomadic, currently in Vegas btw)
ahh thank you!!!! Glad you like it! <3
I haven't! what are your thoughts on it? RT : Ever heard of ? If so, thoughts?
Me too! It was like they just wanted to be able to laugh while grading the essays this summer.
Nothing like drinking half a bottle of wine straight from the bottle.
It's great! MT : Have I mentioned how much I love the online #Autism/ #Aspergers community? B/c I do. Thank you for existing.
My mother always whispers words like "birth control" and "tampons"
Lol @ last night. Like what an experience.
what would u give me to take you
Hi! I'm Alexis! I write songs for my band [slow motion crucifix] and throw poems in every once in. A while ! My summary of me -Alexis-
Be Persistent!
Whats your favorite line from any movie?
Just got the call, I'll be guest judging the Hot Body/Bikini contest this Friday 5-8. Come check it out!
if you're thinking about renting Like Crazy from #redbox..... DON'T.
u gotta ask her that!!
Smh why my managers still ask me if I'll stay later..they should know by now the answer is NO
Last day in #Spain. Leaving beautiful Baiona for Viano do Castelo in
In Honduras and loving it! Here till tomorrow!
#12 Apple Barrel - New Orleans, LA
Kevin, sorry missed your call but when will be best to reach you again?
City doesn't allow us to sale at Parks. So sorry.
My Boy Need More Followers Help him out
:-) You can hear the same - that's what matters!!!
give me a second to get this tweet straight #1DMix933 please
Right now we're working on a concert 2 benefit Haiti on Feb 11. Pls stay tuned as we determine where volunteer help is needed
Back in Austin after a week in Pittsburgh. My company was doing what is basically a week-long Game Jam. Tremendously great time.
A friend just asked "Do you think its ok to have a friends with benefits relationship or is this dangerous territory?" haha
#MostAnnoyingThing when teachers dont even like freshmen and talk about you right in front of you
Ben's tweets make my life.
My life. My choices. My mistakes. My lessons. Doesn't have shit to do with you.
#RavensNation will miss your talent and leadership. Congrats to you and your fam. Baltimore has much love and respect for you.
yeah just to the poconos but still idc im so happyy! I might have plans but u can never come:(
Sending back my try-ons... :( WANT THEM ALL!!!
3-10 28yds That sure sounds like a Pro Bowl QB to me
AT&T location based text messages / coupons. Cool or creepy?????
im not sure.
you're so welcome!
why not midland?!
My gosh why do people always think about themselves? So inconsiderate.
u just made me feel special
Phones ringing like crazy with order this afternoon. People cannot believe our selection of food to deliver.
Thanks for the shout out Kalamazoo! :D
WOOOOHOO! :D wheres the hot guy?
Jammin! Do you have any books out or a blog?
Thanks for RTing! What's your one-year SFversary date?
RT : You're invited! Hive provides a workshop on how to write a LinkedIn profile to get results - May 19. Register here:...
you going to wear a sombrero this year?
Voice is gone- I sound like the godfather, only female. I don't actually feel that bad, though- thank goodness for that
What about them both? :D I have time and nothing to do! Here we go! It's gonna be the best Sunday so far. LOL
So, McCarver's a clown, BUT couldn't idea that climate change added to the late 90's offensive boom have SOME merit? Balls travel [cont'd]
I HOPE that this isn't the last Nolan Batman movie. Seems too good (and too profitable) to drop just because.
so pumped for this #hotincleveland mixtape finally someone recognized the love the city was built on July fourth can't wait!
went to the mall 2 day and got some new shoes
Love You Cat
Congratulations on graduation.
Choose an employer who is supportive of your continued education so folks need to get smart about employer choices.
What extraordinary words - I'm so accustomed to thinking of her in terms of her paintings that they're startling!
Oh shnap! Yep see you there.
hm....going to bed, really?
o. Um the stranger lol? But how are you love?
RT : Hearing about Wonk campaign at #PRSAche & how they sought & found a simple, authentic, relevant & distinctive brand
Come on Bruins! What the hell?!?
Anytime. If you need help with anything else just let me know.
im sorry, how come you didnt come to school?
I always tell myself "Don't fall for him. Don't fall for him. It's just a trap," but yet I always fall for him.
Happy homebrew day! Heading to soon for some grain and yeast
Shout me out? [:
yes, earlier . Wby ?
RT : Thanks to your entire team for making this such a success!
Sure, why not!
Hugo the movie, more like Snoozo
Good morning ! Wishing a beauitful day! We hope to see you over the holiday weekend!
Love it! RT : 70.9 here at my house in se portland!
Ha! RT : Fritz Pastry, I applaud audacity on sugary confections.. Bacon bits on top of a chocolate donut is just plain naughty.
exactly, and continues to remind us not to take our luxuries for granted!
Agreed. Economy of language. When writing and speaking, like in math, the key is to simplify.
What's Arenado's ETA? Still like him better than Bogaerts?
Thanks for sharing this project! I truly appreciate it!
"Frankly, methane emissions frm dinosaur burp is probably not d #1 thing we should b concerned about n mdrn society" A. Weaver. U o Victoria
I.hate.this.movie.
Appalled at the Westboro Vampyres response to the earthquake and resultant tsunami. Should have named that church Asses R Us.
#np How Bad Do You Want It
So diddy changed his name to "Swag" ... smfh..
Nice visualization of top auths in many subdomns in ms acad search #cni11f pity re network latency here, too many folks checking it out?
#ShbeeepT.. Perfect not Prefect!!
Listening to a really amazing cd by Gary Malkin called The Heart of Healing. What a gem. It truly feels like the guidance to
Yall remember when the clipoers came back and won game 1. Well if the lakers come back and win this game 1 then it gon hurt a lot of ppl.
I tried so hard being perfect but I'm not, I'm like every other guy
ok. DM me your email and I'll send you something in the next couple of days.
alright, alright, alright!!!
Listening to journalist talk about covering charter schools
I've been using several of the products including Power Grip, Court Grip, Max Muscle Rehab & sunscreen. Highly recommend!!
its feb 13th,
I feel you. I had a relationship with Jack and now in ME3 I'm torn. Liara. Jack. Liara. Jack.
now that's da business lol
I think it looks AWESOME!
Time is going by hella fast.....
For links to VIVO entities at other sites, you can use their URIs, configure your VIVO to redirect queries for them there.
Yes, I was sorry to see that was one of the ones they paywalled. I'll be re-publishing it with a CC-BY license in 29 days.
MT : Sure! Iraq, Afghanistan, 2 unfunded tax cuts, and financial collapse. Thx! RT : Bush did far more for us than Obama.
Ugh sometimes i think my hair has a mind of its own -___-
let me know my good man. We'll def chill
y'all should grab Whitney up while she is in L.A
That's what I read. My first reaction was "Oh, Lord, I hope he's doing the Virginia Mayo role, not Danny Kaye's."
thanks for the discount! I owe you $1!
COMING SOON! Stand-by for some major #MastersPOV announcements! =)
Like many, I fell in love with Flipboard on the iPad. So far, Flipboard on my #Android phone has been excellent as well.
No longer livin' the single life.
In cp at my god sister house I need to be doing my hair well need to come do my hair Lolz
Preservation Board and staff will be spending the day at Touring the battlefield before our quarterly board meeting.
Oh, no: home sick today. A chance to pray and feel some peace.
Call, Write, or e-mail your #MNlegs today to support a #stadium bill this session. Keep the #Vikings in #MN tell your
"Be sober, be vigilante; because your adversary the Devil walks about like a roaring lion, seeking whom he may devour." Peter 5:8
COI Kelly: Interpreting with audiences is engaging visitors throughout the entire interpretive process- planning, presenting +eval
...the manga people were on point position in the publishers' support of SOPA.
Face and Loso w/ that bet on my timeline. It's going down
little late on this, but for next time -- the smoked salmon sandwich at Bread & Cie
this is GENIUS... #Kobey and #loose, tho...
a moving company has been chosen! hopefully in the next few days we will have a better idea of moving dates
"You'll be surprised to know how far you can go from the point you thought was the end."
Want me to come over and we can play tag ??
and I just booked our flights for #SAA11! , here we come!
Can the Lakers get a road win against any team that doesn't have Methuselah starting at point guard?
My #Brewers fever is running so hot that I'm watching Sunday Night Baseball and vociferously rooting for the #Cubs to beat the
Be sure to watch the #latingrammys tonight live from the !!! There will be many great performances.
Its so ironic to me that Nicki Minaj would have a song called "Stupid Hoe"
what a horrible place to die. at least it's not the horrible one renamed Curtis (in Camden). That one was the full on N word.
E The poemcee dope as shit
haha thanks! i wrote it myself!!
hope you guys are alright. van flips suck, but can you see the irony here? for real. be safe. all the best -Evan
next time bro!
Twilight Photos
Inventing future energy! Arun Majumdar: "Our job at ARPA-E is to create options"
The thought of being replaced is
Just messed around with a GPA Calculator and it appears like even in my worse case scenario, my GPA will only drop .12
I tried the Amtrak code for #sla2011 and its not working, any ideas? Is it only for specific time?
#AdvancedMailingServices is a USPS certified Full Service IMB Mailer! Proud to be serving the Albuquerque area since 1992! 505-899-3104
Sally Draper will be on drugs for about 5 years and expert at manipulating her parents before they realize anything
Next week we're doing a rad promotion for St. Patty's Day. Two words: green sprinkles. Also, in-store leprechaun punching. It'll be awesome!
we miss you too teen :)
#ArabSpring "was and wasn't a #Twitter revolution." Satelite television played huge role. - David Kaplan,
there was a game?
What does an ostrich see when it sticks its head in the sand? Could it be FoxNews?
look like John witherspoon, did he start saying " bang, bang, bang, bang"?
Done, and done!
pretty awesome and pretty funny ;-)
i need to get away from this place too :(
guna get hit...i can feel it comming...
lol thanks honey!(:
Last night I had a dream that I met at a I guess he is a crafty guy.
Our conversation was that stimulating eh?
Spring preview: lobster stew w truffled pastry lid & veal filet w avocado, favas, truffle crema & vidalia onion strings
go time! long to do list today...goody
Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still. - Proverb
The thunder died down...
#ff shout out to the cast of THE FIX opening tonight at Break a leg!
I was called xenophobic because I said I would not send my Elementary School child to China. I wouldn't send that age child anywhere far.
I am excited to go to work today to brag about the Panthers outstanding victory! Teammates have given me a hard time for the past two weeks
OMG Jamie you were amazing and beautiful on JKL, had me cracking up lmao, you probably could pin him down haha!
I swear my sister is such a pain not even lifting a finger to help I swear I wish my cuzin deshia helps me AH if it can happen
Exactly RT : Qwikster? "We qwikstered 'Modern Family' last week." Nope. Not feeling it.
I love you!!
Of course that is before the Bush downturn and the burst of the housing bubble!! Check when happened under Bush in 08!!
If women are supposed to be more detail-oriented than men, then why do none of them notice the difference between standard def and HD.
I love my lil sister she da only family i trust
Alex Lieu 42 Entertainment great retelling of NIN Year Zero story, love his passion and fandom
it means that you should make a wish on it! Trust me-I'm part native american! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Will Ferrell is on campus! :)
I'm on an avocado ranch with a bonfire, a grill, bourbon, a million budweisers, stars, and amazing people.... and you're not.
Thanks kim! :-)
Happy Birthday Dad! Sweet Lou is the best at saying a lot without saying anything!
So e.g - no to Shariah, Yes to hijab. Most importantly, it is IDEAS which bind society+supercede superfic. demog. differences.
En route to NYC. Me: *Drops pin on iPhone* : You love to drop your pin. Me: *Drops pin again*
serves such a gracious God !
waiting for breaking dawn to start......ik I'm late but..never got around to it.
I can't decipher this message.
OK, finally finished THE RIVER. Spill.
Ready! RT : are you just sitting around like it's a normal day? come on let's go! it's a practice day! we gotta crank it up!!
hey larry you a broncos fan? How you been
love it. congrats!
thanks for the RT, looking forward to 4:00 tomorrow ;)
Persistent clouds really holding MSP temps back today-if clouds don't break up by 3pm the high temp will be 57 - the odds of sun by 3pm 20%
Loving the ox!
RT It's true!!!! RT : "To Own a Hyundai Is to Love a Hyundai". that's what InvestorPlace.com reports.
Very cool!
Enjoying a delicious pumpkin spice latte with Angela on an amazingly warm fall afternoon.
And tomorrow is the year anniversary of my "broken heart". Akron is coming back to haunt me today
RT : Yelp review filter is BS and Yelp manipulates reviews to monetize it's site. Please follow us! love this
Eercise in disguise
In VA's eyes, all the wars since 1990 are categorized as the Gulf War and are lumped together
Is red variant same price as regular?
Any fans live in Utah or Atlanta?
#Hootsuite not listing all my mentions.
You have to draw the line, cause looking back's such a waste of time.
New major likes from the road: super-charged coffee, warm cookies at hotels, audiobooks, naps, mountains, Instagram, parking at venue.
Just a WE bit :) lol
Neon Indian is so sick!
what does it look like?
Has anyone seen MI:3? Looks like it might be ok.
coming to your choir concert? :)
I don't even know what 's question is yet but I'll answer anyway. My answer once again is: balls.
Is Yu Darvish's contract at 6 years $60 million to much?
wow, looks like a great school!
“: good, i will be waiting!” You Rock!
RT betascape: Betascape is approved by Baltimore City to move forward, let the planning begin! <- We will be there!
This sunshine has us dreaming of summer. What #sunglasses will you be rocking this upcoming season?
Co-youth Mayor Cecilia Thompson indicates that her position will not be "misused or abused." Ethics-from the mouth of babes! Outstanding!
www.hairgynesis.com iphones or ipads don't support flash media or mx websites but u can go to fb fan page hair by gynesis
Definitely getting some after work
PSA: I have never been to CPBG. Who wants to go on Wednesday? I think you promised me a beer there. supervising. Others?
New phone, BlackBerry Bold 9900. If you have the means, I highly recommend picking one up.
Hi Christina, appreciate the follow...also very jealous of your job with a8s :), hope all is well on the east coast!
yeah, this is rad. Have been hearing about it for a few days, but I guess that's just my circles.
Yu Darvish looks pretty good in #Rangers red
Very cool!
no trouble, just did some research on one.
yes go to college!
Apparently nobody is capable of underestimating the typical FaceBook user (AOL of the new millenium?)
Woke up to #bulls winning 91-88 & finally got to see how they lost by 1. Now for some baseball scores
Oh my goodness. He's so arrogant. I do not like this. Not one bit! (Throws face back into book)
Dappa,bout to rock it at the "after dark" with Mr. Kee. Its packed on a damn tuesday. Nobody does bizz on a fuckin' tuesday. Kee got it pack
Welcome new follower !
I think she is just shy... <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A>
RT : My roommate to me this morning: "Ezra, normally when people talk about having a 'big stack' they mean money, not books."
Happy Friday!
When a man points a finger at someone else, he should remember that four of his fingers are pointing at himself.~ Louis Nizer
aww yeah even though I meant forget haha :)
S/o to for being Hailey....
#BlackParentQuotes Your room? Who pays the bills?
Life and death are in the power of the tongue. Say a kind word to someone today. May your day be prosperous and laughter find you.
I know. I just don't understand the point. Why do both? Why caucus at all - particularly if it is going to be done so poorly?
Roof top pool and hunger games. Newport tonight. Ideal Saturday.
I just know that today is going to be fabulous! Wish me luck New York!
Did axl come? “: G n R. enough said. wishing i was at the rock hall tonight #jealousinCLE”
Gameification vs. Empowerment. does it really have to be one or the other?
thx Anne, the journey with TAB this first year has been so exciting!
I need somebody to WAKE UP like NOW
30% of adults are "Achievers" - see characteristics in Post-Conventional workshop #CLOsym - what implications for learning?? your thoughts?
Frosted, I hope!
selena I love you with all my heart, and I want to follow me on twitter, please please please follow me on my twitter please<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
#ThingsThatAreSEXY Thick lips
idk i cant use instagram so ill just use twitpic for fun
I feel very much like the teenage Francie Nolan right now. This is good.
evrytime i watch my fair wedding i cry ,he has such a big heart..i wonder if he stays in touch with his brides..hope 2 meet him
haha nice valentines tip
Nice to see Jeremy Lin brought the Knicks defensive intensity with him to Team Shaq in the Rising Stars game.
...Also can't attack Barack on recovering economy or health care (too similar to MA's). So what are they going to talk about at debates?
Its BS i tell u.. They gots to b geting their mate on.
You should go for it! It's normal be be nervous, but it's totally worth it. Where are you thinking of going?
Hallmark Card: "I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're still here."
People never change.
nice glasses lol
Heh. RT : ugly, gross, and cold out...thanks for putting your only foot forward Milwaukee.
we would love to talk about gettin you in UNSCENE Cincinnati! Is there an email address or phone # that's best to reach you?
ghettowhizz with over 73 thousand fans on reverbnation yall need to come give my page a check
Why don't everyone just throw ah party at eboni's place while she is at work tryna make money to pay for the bills?
precise finished the drop what email address do you want me to send it to.
thanks for #RT :) Go Vegas!;)
yes, we are all very, very sad. Thanks for sharing the pic of your sister. Bet you loved her as much as we love our Mrs B. :(
Get your official Rocktagon MMA event shirt at www.RocktagonMMA.com
Staying away of politics. So much noise. History is like deeper waters, calmer, where you can examine and reflect.
Lol you put my name twice :p and I know. Its sad. I feel bad for them.
Kevin Smith or Marion Barber at flex
50% is not bad at all in this situation.
RT : Do read 's story on how Mitt Romney would actually govern from the latest issue of
nope. Not until about 3 or 3:30 a.m.
Aw i want some !!!!!!! <3 lolololol
And silver recognition for Academic Achievement and Chapter Operations!
Aw Whitney. So sad.
I just almost made an attempt to pass a police officer, that was a close one
Why does facebook have all those stupid games? When is the last time somebody sat down to play 1? Im sick and tired of the game requests.
NHL All-Star Fan Balloting continues throughout month of December. Go to Facebook.com/NHL and vote for the NHL's top defensemen.
is it Nando's??
Eighty-eight sounds a lot like idiot.
AH IM GONNA BE SO HAPPY DURING PROM (even though I lack a date) prom is what you make it!
there is also a Margret Garwood version that premiered at AVA a couple years ago
Bangin one out with
Doing Great! It was fun! Thanks for the kind thought!
Good morning friends! Come on out and get your weekly fresh produce & good eats @ 9480 S Eastern 8am-1pm
Watching Oswald ! :o
loves being treated like crap by my family of all people.. you know what I'm sayin'?!
It's a beautiful morning in #BkSq! Swing by & visit & sit outside in the sunshine.
Four action-packed days at work, followed by a train ride to CT for wedding-venue hunting! EEk!
hey guys, you should totally follow she got a new twitter, but her tweets are really funny
how old is she? I bet it's not that bad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Turned on and saw the cross-eyed bandit. Quickly turned channel.
#OnSomeTRrealStuff leadership is a action
Thanks to for a very inspiring session
Geoff's new show, Inside the Nuclear Threat, premiers 3/ 2 (next Tuesday) on the Nat Geo Channel. Let us know what you think!
hahaha... that could be an issue while running and, more importantly, listening to music.
Speaking, please pray that God speaks through me! His Gospel will be heard loud and clear!
Many options for all levels of training through wildmed.com if looking for a course.
So psyched for the show in #Seattle on Saturday!
Life is relationships; the rest is just details
Don't you sleep?
GA$$ Really?? @ what point do we go retro & buy 10 Speed Bikes?
LMAO Slap Boxing Gone Wrong!
I think my mom texted you my address. did she?
d'aw thanks :3 check out that other thingy i just made!
Annie and I have a near-daily Gchat support group. We put the PARTY in pity party.
I will never look at Shia Labeouf in the same way ever again.
You will lose a lot of money chasing women but you will never lose women chasing
We pick up a 2-1 College Football Saturday with winners on Tulsa (-12) and UL-Lafayette (+9). Hawaii (+6) goes down to the final play.
I will be at #MARAC starting tmorrow & I'll be spending several hrs each day on the registration desk; pls stop by!
how are you "dressed up"? yeah, noo..
it's in the process! patience!
Eva Kor is now our docent Wednesday 1-4 in addition to Saturday. Come and hear her incredible story of survival and forgiveness.
going well, its almost over :)
Red dead Redemption>>>work
oh fa sho an you do the same mami
I was trying to avoid giving you a compliment on your new picture. But it's just too cute.
$150 for a pharmacology book.... Yuck <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Finally, the Less Paper Law office will make use of a good all around Document Management system. One basic sytem is TimeMatters from Lexis
Have you signed up for my newsletter yet? If not, sign up today! It goes out tomorrow. Go to htt://www.dmgartstudio.com to sign up!
Palm Springs tomorrow with the family.
“: Is there anything better than going to Portugal to taste wine? How about getting paid to do it? Living large this week.”perks!
RT & Follow Beast Mode Click.....We Hungry....Time to Eat!!!
I used to watch that shit all day
#CWRC meetup sounds awesome . . . congrats and keep tweets comin'.
why trying to get me to go out tonight?
I resist any brokenness by being flexible and bending when storms approach
quite obvious if you ask me.
Win The Day... RT "Attack this day w/ enthusiasm unknown to mankind" Jack Harbaugh father of Coaches Jim & John
That tweet, made my life. seriously
The first shipment in the JMF Sock Club just went out- 6 whole days early! Also, it GORGEOUS. Zac has mad skills.
GM cuz happy mothers day <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
The Lakers franchise better have some aces up their sleeves if they just traded Lamar Odom for the equivalent of a bag of chips.
Good morning #Indy . The rain isn't working for me, I need some #sunshine .
By mixing it up. Build a solid foundation and keep adding to it. Don't let it get stale.
Loved The Language Archive at the Roundabout
For those who are genetic predisposition you must cleanse the scalp area with cleanser that remove DHT from the scalp skin.
Kill yourself
Its so obvious that south beach tow is staged
Just ordered #EVOLVE12. Davis/Finlay, Fox/Callihan, Generico/Ricochet, Low Ki/Jigsaw. One hell of a show!
(BB) Blackboard readings are now available under the "Documents" tab on Blackboard. Sorry for the delay.
I'd get you some homie, but I only have 22 of them lol. I need the help.
it feels weird seeing his name pop up on my phone like idk, he was so two years ago Lmao i don't even get all excited anymore.
RT: Be sure to tune into ch 12 at 1p tomorrow to see me on tv for mid day az!
You know, told me about this event. I just realized that you were talking about the same one!
on twiter on the xbox awesome right
Can anyone tell me what the #brewers #magicnumber is
exactly! Gotta dream, right?!?! It just has 'peace' written all over it! :)
Ha wudup Sean you already know, I've been following for like 2yrs easy. I've watched "The Carter Documentary" 100 times.
Thanks for the RT ! Have a great day!
u should watch in grease, daaah
som, not one of the best travel experiences?
Touché!!!!! Ah hah hah hah!!! Thanks Anti-Joke Chicken. I LOVE You!
I hate you so much right now.
ok that's it i'm marrying ed sheeran.
The clothes make the man, important when dressing 2 impress. Especially for a job interview, date night or a 1st date.
I'm the bitch ? You're the one who made and "ugly" list, what grade are we in ? Pre-school ?
Some of the best lessons are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom of the future. -Dale Turner #Bellargo ... GM!
We specialize in residential and commercial locations in Miami-Dade, Broward, Palm Beach, and Monroe counties.
Watching some vs. Northwestern on BTN. Go Hoosiers!
Why though? If u werent going to love me for real why we're you win my mom I the first place?
Vulcanize the whoopee stick
I have the bestest friends ever!! Thanks all for an amazing birthday celebration Saturday evening! Much love
Thanks for all the followers :)
COME THROUGH CUHH RT : Off the clock
“: if I have my party for my Birthday , will you come ?” dont know ..
hi back ;)
I give printed editions of #newspapers only 5 more years of existence. Sorry seniors, watch #wgntv for stale news. #24/7newsbytwitter
Nice meeting you! Thanks for saying hi. That was me at Gum Tree. :)
I cant wait on greatness gotta make it happen by any means it mite not come tonite but this nite shift im on is a good azz start!!!
Tonight felt like a summer night and now I don't want to go to school.
... i had you guys at 19-17 thru the 1st 36 games. So far I'm correct.
Sad news - Timbers Forward Eddie Johnson transported to local hospital with fears of possible concussion.
Thanks Keegan for all you do! RT : If you guys aren't following or
The Detroit Sports Freaks wrap their pilot episode. Stay tuned for airtime & website address. Follow the Freaks on www.yournewsdetroit.com!
Yes it is! Hope to see you in Cali soon.
poor Brooke shields!!!
Received surprise 2nd copy (free) of Seth Godin's fabulous #Linchpin today! Brilliant marketing & super cool gesture!
I could really use a vacation right about now.
So me and Stegg decided that when he turns 18, we're self submitting our asses to
OK I don't get why #Community fans are going berserk over news story rumoring a final seas of 13 eps... that's "renewal," not "cancellation"
Yeah fuck reason. Recycle was a letdown not even real time but it hour it'd be better. Welp logic here I come!!!
love the first issue...congrats! I know I'm a bit late to the party. ;)
HEY LOVE! Good news here: My 1st Union gig - a speaking role on Boardwalk Empire for this Monday! 1 step closer.
You are what you eat? Yes but you really are who you believe in and without God I am n o t h i n g!
haha I have not. I tried hard with the gf during spring training but we couldn't get on there.
": "And remember, there's always money in the banana stand." - Jeffrey Tambor #NABShow"
I knew the company before I even clicked. Sad sign of its numbered days.
what's the name if it?
Wise people speak a language, based on principles, that supersede the imposition of the artificial structures & divisiveness!
Smooth talkers are sketchy to me
Lmaoooooo anybody remember when Royce Da 5'9 used to rock rhinestones on his bandannas
have no choice I be back in the summer
10:15 at night and im doing a research paper I should stop procrastinating
Omg and I got an A on the IT project! Pretty proud of ourselves!
We are! RT : Who's pumped for the #YPNChat!
i cant study anymore at this dorm
Have a great day everyone! If you've had a week like I've had, you're probably screaming "IT'S FRIDAY BABY!" LOL
Catching up on @ home paper/computer work, laundry. Packers/Bears game.at 3:00 (TV). Ultimate dilemna who to root for. Leaning towards Pack!
omg Austin\s looking god!
see, we already on the right path..
Trying to focus, but its not working. SAD
Thank God for letting me see Another Day ....And GoodMorning Twitter!
RT : City Manager says Waterside building still "has life in it"
RT #tdl When Uni-verse takes something from your grasp, It's not punishing u, but merely opening your hands to receive something better
i expect video documentation.
they probably sneezed on their drive up 95.....
A walk to remember is on. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
#illpunchuinthefaceif u say "justin is gay" I really will
Who needs a Mint copy of Chris The Glove Taylor & David Storrs #vinyl 45 featuring Ice T? #ForSale #Electro #Rap Hit me up!
bring my guitar to my house please
If you have an iPhone, but you don't have "Your Best Day Today" on it, you don't need an iPhone. Download "Your Best Day Today," today.
you're awesome. Thank you for taking the time to listen to us all day xP <3
but im not tho so
No, it's because people don't realize they can't program
#jaffacakes cake or biscuit?
Don't know if I got it or if everyone's an amatuer, don't know if my background gives me better hands in life than yours...
IT'S NEVER GOOD TO BE CONTENT... Especially when you know you can do better & feel you can do more
The last time the Knicks won a playoff game, gas was averaging about $1.70/gallon.
very cute idea
Liam, don't let her get away with that one. :)
I still get butterflies when I see you and smile at every text you send. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
It's nice to see the sun out today and have warm weather but I certianly hope everyone is ok after all those bad storms we had yesterday.
I hate time difference, other mahomies are still sleeping and I'm just like "yoohoooooo"
learn how to text back and there would not have been a problem! :)
The thing I don't like about Twitter is when you scroll through your profile, all you see is your own head over and over again. #Creepy!
Oh nice! just made apple #pancakes!
“: Gettin ready for the Crushing Cancer benefit over in Windsor today! Gonna be a great time!”--> one of the real good guys!
hey! Watch it. Lol, some of us "old men" can be a very nice "Date Night" ;-)
Yup! First B&&C of 2012!
I really hope can forgive me for what happened like an hour ago.
Printed tees, #embroidered polos, #uniforms, #promotional products and more. Shirt Guy Direct right in the heart of Pembroke Pines,
Moby. Dick dick dick dick dick - John Henry Bonham. Then the war horse kicks that ass!!!!!!!
Congrats! The Raffle Winner is Ek, Lauren!
“: ; lol we in the same boat then” Very much so!!
Happy New Year!!!! Here's to a whole year of great food and great music.
Great! I'll add you to the list to be considered for an upcoming issue. ^AW
Why we just started following our friends today is beyond us :)
miki and i were scratchin heads ..lol..btw , no more glad than me kid ...glad u got some sleep as well xo
We'll have a maintenance on Jan 2 or Jan 5 2012, Will post the details soon.
Whoa....true tho...service has slacked....who is your Fave?
This is a really creative and generative talk on psychedelic music and hippie sexuality from
All my dogs do is sleep. What a life.
Finally, it's Friday!
Tragedy today puts coaching/working in baseball in perspective and increases my gratitude for that opportunity..
Be sure to watch the avenge the brutal hit on Marion Hossa by Raffi Torres and get your gear
Thanks and I plan on it. Need another 20 to come off
My Body is in New York but my mind is in Dominican Republic.
A MILLION SUNS is a good #readathon choice. Considering the sequel for tomorrow myself.
Which session was it? (Hoping it was ours -- thought Kate T. had some great ideas for further research!)
Apparently Julia Child and I shared an affinity for Kliban Cats. Hee. "Love to eat them mousies..."
So, so true! RT : It is 1:11 am. Tomato plants smell good.
Teach me to listen, my caring God, to those far from me-the whisper of the hopeless, the plea of the forgotten, the cry of the anguished.
correction... They sucked last night! Ugh
If you had to pick one trait or characteristic that all great musicians like you have, what would that be?
You went with "crap" on the site? Why, censorship?!
Apparently I know how to brew IPAs.
All Day!
at least it's all at my house?
heh, you may need to hire extra security! you know, for those rowdy librarian students...
The devil's own... A new piece coming from rebellious mind for the wary at heart.
Just Woke Up From Ah Deep Sleep!
Ha. Not so fast.
There are different grades of deciding. He's on his own level of the field, which is pretty cool.
you childish, don't tweet back.
Getting ready to cook Japanese food with French flair
Double Damn It!
Am to hungery
I've made it to my first job....finna give thanks to my Heavenly Father for a great start for today...
Nick finished at 10:44p, pace at 7:25. Luai now heading to Greenfield Park. Team Healthcare Heroes
HEY, you got an iPhone? THE PEN was sort of about writing bringing about the end of the world...
Working on some new close up magic effects, after writing acoustic songs, man my fingers are killing me ha lol, but love it!!!
true statement. i almost did. i literally couldn't breathe i was laughing so hard
Checking out husband on social media panel......he has gray hair but doesn't talk like that guy!
There are some really pretty ladies here tonight. Way to go Jess!
Bye bye NYC. Thank you for 15 glorious years. Xo
New artwork is up! This can only mean one thing......another huge art show by curator, Guy Lombardo. Check our event calender for details.
RT : RT : asked staff to work on the food trucks CM Samuels too! Cc:
nun much daily life & drama
PickUpLine: Fuck me, I'm beautiful
I don't understand hash tags
"Downtown NYC is not really like NY state. NY state is beautiful. And I'll tell you this: NY state grows more apples than any other state."
Lion King is awesome-the way they do the animals is incredible
was going to be a nice girlfriend and stay, but theyre taking FOREVER. its okay coaches, i didnt want to see my boyfriend or anything.
and Trenton is getting damned-well pissed about it!!
emergency iconathon fri 6:30 for occupy wallstreet e.g. $, citizen, oil barrell, 99%.... all symbols that can be created...@ the hub
Check out the FantasticFest Tour of Austin on Gowalla, it shows famous filming locations all over town!
Like I'd ever do what you tell me to do.
Nina Garcia and her son just arrived at the 10th annual bunny hop at fao Schwartz Shoshanna gruss and family as well
S/o to my old n new followers keep showing the love
Stop By I've got something I want to share with YOU: ))BP
Wisconsin Nazis. I hate Wisconsin Nazis.
Yea Patriots!
For the past several weeks, I've been working on in-depth reports about tornados w/ MN Public Radio. Look for the stories soon on
had such a great night with yet another night from those still to come.
wow that's a bit doughnut
Thx for the new follows:
My cat gets mad at me if I go on her side of the bed.
Love You Guys! :)
Did it bring a bottle of wine?
My cat does that!!
taking garden projects in today.
miss u too miss graduate!
where I'd te
I can do all things through christ:)
When do the Bucks hit the bottom? How quickly can March 1st come (to make more trades possible)?
#whorelena !!!! trend it.
Yup....right after we changed in the fedex office bathroom.
:) fins crossed!
yes lols. What about the smell of garages ?
Nice! I'm planning on going this winter break! Are you from the Cleveland area? I'm from N. Olmsted.
i want some kool aid and frozen pizza
RT : Of all things you wear, your expression is the most important. Anon
they probably won't be able to but PASOK may try to be more leftist & form a coalition with them, the Dem Left, & Communists
Brady Hightchew out for the rest the game. Ankle sprain
Yes, and if she had held out for 30 more days, would have been on my bday.
Yoga accompanied by Kings of Leon
Personally, I think God saw the way we evolved and peaced the fuck out.
Just got blood taken from my left arm, then it took them 3 times to get blood from my right arm!
RT : First annual #TriSpringConf12 kicks off tomorrow in Dallas!
gl adam
Large Up the artists that #SpeekTheTRUTH & are willing to throw stones at #BABYLONwall & talk about Govt. crimes/ #corruption /secret socity
Mom's surgery scheduled for Friday. Thanks so much for the good thoughts, all!
Amen. Amen. Amen
Of course! Good luck with the chat tmrw - I'll be on the road so probably can't join. But I'll try to follow along :)
I really want and to wish me and a happy birthday. <3
I love talk with the members at work.
dm your number too
Camera Fun Time: turn the camera back on yourself. Shoot portrait & landscape orientations. Look thru the camera to the other side & shoot.
Kristen Stewart Hits Up Jay Leno, Talks Snow White, Sticky Hands And Swag - The Inquisitr
I think I've only done one horror movie, Psycho I
who the hell was talking to you?! Go cry in a corner somewhere smh
And no, I don't mean hot in the sexy sense, unfortunately. :(
keep up your work with photo! :) yay
i feel like stabbing my computer or my phone or internet related services. bdjdbxhxjxbsjdbkxsjxj FAAaaakin HELL
Why do bad shit happen to nice people
Thank you too. Yes, united we stand. We are grateful to people who put their words into action.
If you're a guy and play lacrosse, I probably want you to sire my children.
It's fun work. But yes, I plan on some down time now. :) And thank you for InfoCamping!
Stop retweeting! my phone is going off every 5 seconds!
I seriously have no idea how to study. Like yes I read over the notes I took in class. Now what? Tomorrow the questions will be impossible
We cancelled waterboarding as a Featured Event this year but the human pyramid is still on!
Bring it :) MT : Our #Celtics face #76ers in Rd. 2--Wonder how it'd go if we took Boston vs Philly & played in hoops
Had no idea trying to hire a driver would be so hard. I think it's the trying to hire a driver while poor part that's hard.
Event Tomorrow Morning 9-10:30am! Support by Tweeting w/#AthletaNYC to sponsor a yoga class for our students!
I'm ignoring him today *Evil eyes*
“ My little brother is so fuckin gay” Lil Brother Like Bigg Brother Can't Blame Him = ]
Thx!! We hope to see you soon!
I dont think jesus christ is a healthy obssession
Successfully lead others through change - 5 ways to manage change bit.ly/ak6fIv
just read they're having major launch day issues
Here's hoping you have positive thoughts about stickK. Please let us know if you have any questions that we can answer!
Another great day to get an out door workout in if ur near #NOLA . Final Four , festivals and plenty of Magazine St exercise options. Go!
Just because he is gone over seas doesn't mean I am single....
Ooohhh great idea!
Are you and McCabe going to be at the Diamondbacks Fan-Fest on Saturday? I am heading down to see it.
so weird...I was looking for it too...I thought it was always in stores?!
Thanks for the RT
Officially cold. Went from 6 to 10 loads of laundry this week.
you are right sir!
Amazon # on Winning More Business in Financial Services has already moved from 5M to 100K overnight (release date 7-6). Thanks everyone!
Follow my other account and :) plzz an thanx
RT AP ALERT: (WASHINGTON) House passes $1.1 trillion omnibus spending bill. $$
In Raleigh :)
Spoke to my best bud,dang its been a good year+ but no matter how long we go with out speaking..we always pick up like we never stopped <3
Neighbor sitting on back stairs, smoking, looking straight into my window. But not podcasting.
my pleasure
Whoever loves me will retweet this :)
Lorenzo Neal
And more "4-20". Matthew 4:20 And they straightway left their nets, and followed him. ~ That's a real trip right there!!!
Does a bear poop in the woods? Bring it. RT : Are you ready for saturday?
I'm a long way from where I wanna be<\3
Hahaa I'm waiting on him boo!
are you smiling because you're wearing your seatbelt?
Jesus wants to do acid with you
Found myself on the subway in Paris listening to Empire State of Mind on my iPod. I guess that's how much I love New York!
On today's push by #KXL opponents, says: "Anyone who thought environmentalists were graying into irrelevance was wrong."
Think I turned him on. I wasn't doing it sexually or anything but people say I'm a good back scratcher :)P After that he seemed to noticed
You know you should be an ESPN analyst when you predict a 4-1 pacers series and you're right #leggoPacers RT?
Someone id LOvee to meet in person ! >>> idk why doee. but id be excited ! : )
eat shit and die...im bringing that phrase back
your going to scare them away and they will never come back lol
ridiculously awesome.
postmemory: why did her own childhood seem evacuated? Maus really influenced her
#wheniwas13 it was a privilege to have crappy dial-up internet service
I can't make any promises, but if they do that, we're both screwed. Plan on early next week; Tues or Wed.
hopefully the winner is the dude with the car burning in the parking lot! He's going to need it!
This weather in NJ is insane! Three days ago 75 degrees today less than 50. Glad I haven't turned off my heat!
Good times at the Wall Street Journal wine tasting in Atlanta's Botanical Gardens last night.
Phone battery at 26%-- it's starting to feel like a productive day!
It is like 120 degrees in Northeast Texas! I want more air conditioning! I want mine fueled by hemp oil, so get off your arse and make legal
what truth ?xD
everyone that came to 50pippin50 CAN come back !
check your dms!
let's be real, the goal was, is and will be...not to work w/ him. That's politics.
"Keith Kost Loves Balloon Porn" Porter
Good morning..
I love rugby, I love rugby people, and I love beer. That bar just got infinitely better.
We have a great night planned for ! Bring some friends and bring some questions! Don't miss!
i can't wait for this new shit it's literally one of the only upcoming rap releases i give a fuck about. a legend in any book.
I think working with him so often he rubs off on you.....
Thank you for all the love!!
- Welcome! Thanks for following! Sounds like a cool project! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Hey Pat what you think about the pacers 11-4 start? How do you think they will do in the playoffs?
*sighs* people smh
We didnt kill that Blue Bird today.... Lost a 4 game winning streak
People that have no idea what a puck is would show up just to be seen.
RT of you are doing #Oceanside70.3 this weekend!
That sounds painful.
Don't forget to visit! RT Beer & Cheese tasting @ the Red Door, Sunday at 4pm. Try 9 of the best beers available 15$ a head
Hey NYU students, tomorrow is the last day to participate in #Phase2 of housing. Make sure to form your groups!
haha no problem. It was a good one!
Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius?
when i cant sleep. i listen to hella music. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
ha- thanks, Cody!
Strippers make more MONEY than most peoplee !!
How many times am I going to get burned before I learn my lesson?
The minute I heard my first love story I started looking for you, not knowing how blind that was.
if i were president..... well that doesnt matter cuz there is no way in hell i wanna be president... EVER
hey, you're not alone with the boyfriend problems! He asked me to prom, spent $400 on my dress and left me...
do we know how many provisional ballots there are and where they're located?
The future is here. Just got a panel accepted with folks I only know digitally. Kudos to for pulling it together!
It was fun! I have a much better understanding of the QR code assignment now!
Ok ... Where's that storm? I need some wine tonight!
Obviously last day of parsons and it's gorgeous out. It wouldnt be right if they didnt ruin just one last day....
Be sure to stop in today for French Onion Soup or our special-a vegan black bean burger with fresh salsa, spinach, and chili-garlic dijon!
Caps fans..Game 6 Sunday, 3pm
Classes end at 10pm on May 17th and final exams end May 25th. Happy studying!
Tons The awards show, an open call, a meeting w/ a CD, hopefully a few w/ agents/manager, of course..UNIVERSAL,& c'ng friends!
Hope all my wonderful friends had an amazing weekend!
2 more followers
All U Kentucky fans should be proud! JORTS Harrellson is in early in the Knicks-Celtics game. MARV ON THE CALL! Couldn't be better!
haha thank you kind sir! I'm coming home next week son!
Reset it !
im not even mad by this :)
Even after not having played in the AFC West for several years, Jared Allen still felt the need to taunt Phillip Rivers in the ProBowl.
yay! I will run to store!
#Avengers movie goers: You heard Schubert's Rosamunde String Quartet in the Germany sequence.
baseball exam just terrible. Several questions about media areas, fans, etc. Need to know things for JV coaches?
ah... I miss the service industry sometimes. Not sure about masks and guys in heels, but the getting wasted part.
Good music
RT if you have to take a second look at Austin's name cause honestly what you see is M-a-h-o-r-n-e <3 Mahor-ney for mahone <3
Dude! I wish we lived in the same city so we could have beers tonight! and I were gushing about our fun with you!
There's a fine line between tan and looking liked you rolled around in Doritos.
What a wonderful drupal summit! Thanks Vancouver, and thanks to everyone who came and/or made it so!
A friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else. -Len Wein
tell me not doe
Thx for sharing. Remember, The info on appointmentlink comes directly from salons&spas.
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 26
hot cheetos you burn SO good. ha. ha.
Staying in San Diego for 4 nights for just $150? I'm ok with this :)
Gotta make some business changes...SOON www.therealchrisfaith.com
About an hour and a half until we're back in A-town! What's up #PalmerFest !?!?
Great! We'll make sure you get one!
The tired + dirty apartment combo is not working well for me. Can't take it.
Is getting a full-body massage as enjoyable as GIVING one??
haha yeah it's insane.
Writing cover letters and submitting resumes. If you know of any advertising / communication / marketing internships in dc let me know!
thts not at all what i meant
Moved portal to new location
Jack Hanna's at SeaWorld today! But first, I'm taking him to KENS-TV to share some cool animals. Tune in at 8:15 if you're in San Antonio.
One more day hanging with my mom and flight back to LA.
maybe i'll look it up!
relax(: i bet he has feelings for youu ;)
ascension time is upon us. connect to your inner light. align soul into embodied self-awareness ~ in tune with mind and heart expanding love
Stop by the Charene Creative booth tomorrow on May 10th from 4-7pm at the Signature of Solon for the 3Chamber Business to Business Show. Th…
I'm making a list and I'm checking more than twice
Hi John, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
hook up some chocolate
#Caps #CapsSens this fucking sucks. Its not even fun to watch.
Saying you will endorse something = endorsing it MT Sr. BO adviser: BO "certainly will [endorse SSM] after the election."
hell yea!
Was lying in bed about to fall asleep 9 mins ago when my bed shook for about 10 secs. I guess we're not done with the quakes yet ...
thanks for the RT Jess =)
heading over to the mall soon to grab some dinner before work. there's nothing to eat in the house :/
wish I could but I'm headin to Florida for the week. Good luck man
Been Wrkin All Night... Time Ta Switch Up... I Need Beats And Features Holla @ Me
home and completely spent. can someone please make dinner and put my kids to bed while I stare at this spot on the wall?
If U Smile, The World WIll Always Smile ^_^
Throwing my birthday party tomorrow night got a table and bottles everyone come smoke1 wit a nigga
Ugh anxiety is a fucking bitch yo. I need to get these auditions over with.
United States Surgical Equipment Market Outlook to 2018- Electrosurgical Devices, Hand Instruments and Surgical Sutures
could see history tonight in Chicago. Blackhawks could play in their 5th straight overtime game.
Off my case, Laptop Face
Bouta get a fucking job at this eat n park lol.
Apple reportedly working on physical gaming controller for iOS devices
I love you man.
Try to snap a Union Rags photo if you can. Been in love with that horse since the Champagne last year. Thanks!
Thanks for your support. Make sure you give EggDrop a try.
Hypothetically, if a fan throws a plastic rat on the ice at the Prudential Center, who gets the delay of game penalty?
I've never had black cherry, but you should definitely try their new blood orange - it's delicious!
Shake Shack? I have no idea where the cool bars are tho (yet) :) text u round 6:00-6:30?
lol u gone learn today !!
Barnett you fucking suck! That locker room we will be fine as long as the packet nation stays behind us
choped this morning sighting as well
There is no greater reward in rescue than gaining the trust of a feral cat.
TOMORROW. :D
Buying a ticket to China!!!
Munich. and while there, go to Andechs monastery
Alice Rubin from starts our #MusEdTech panel tonight by discussing in-gallery tablet/smartphone usage: work with what you have!
yeah I can have conversations. Dm me, & I'll help?
Why is everyone going in on Boston right now? Lol
Saw them on Austin City Limits once. That lead singer chick is cool. Heard the new song on 88.9 and it's really good.
KT McCammond from Chicago just did this week
Get your pre-schooler ready to read with an interactive story time of books, music and movement today at Green Valley Lib at 10:30.
Yes!! RT The last few minutes of tweets are suggesting that I should catch up on #Scandal forthwith.
Picked up Anthony Morrow. Do you think he stays this good? Or, should I grab Afflalo or Josh Howard off the wire?
Call Me Maybe is obviously way better
Sometimes too much to drink isn't enough.
How was the lesson?! -tim
Got so much money my money count money.
Nothing like watching a #Wishes video to get psyched for my dream internship interview!
You mean like that people at Portillo's who HAVE gas because they're eating Portillo's? lol
when im doing proper gcse's im not even going to revise,bring on the giro
Aww why are you having a bad day? im sorry. i hate those days....just listen to one less lonely girl ;)
Gesundheititis: When the "bless you" is louder then the sneeze.
My experience: length of blog posts inversely proportional to days left in semester. YMMV. (Also: nice post. :)
you got it!! we have your back! =]
do you miss me yet in Oregon ?
not really. I'm going with Maggie. Why?
this shit is bad
This is just such a bad week...
Wow and wow, Will. Thanks for sharing!
my #MuseoSpark is the fact that museums connect us to people across time and place.
Tonight We rocking the Empire Room
Random fact: Today in 1950-- Chuck Cooper of Duquesne became the first black player ever selected in the NBA Draft. Boston in 2nd round.
Good morning, Yorkshire Gold #tea, my dear, dear friend.
Need to get away
all i'll ever be to you is just another mahomie
Why thank you you are far too kind yet never show your face around me anymore... whats up with that? lol
I send inappropriate texts to everyone.
lol the things you can experience at iupui are truly amazing haha
Congrats to Weequahic High & Crime Stoppers own Head Coach Brian Logan on their playoff win against Hoboken Friday night! Great job Indians!
R.I.P. La Dectric Robinson one of, ikes finest
Here we go!
1. Buy it & read it. Email us with your thoughts & questions:
Next up John Unsworth () Brandeis U on Mickey Mouse and T.S. Eliot
RT : aawww!! Y'all are so nice!! Thank you for coming!! :-)
All I have within me, I give You praise. All that I adore is in You. Lord I give you my heart, I give you my soul. I live for you alone!
I want you guys to know, that this is the original page! And her mom does help me (tori twist) run it! thanks!
you think
Car commercial audition today. Book a look.
I am not a fan of racial or stereotypical humor. I don't find if funny & makes me question whether the person is racist or very ignorant.
Wiz Khalifa-Ink My Whole Body !
Go to www.watchnhllive.com for all the NHL games live online just register and enjoy the games!!!!!
you got it babe :)
They all do
#Soul & #Funk #Party at 2NITE! All entry through Shadow Lounge (Baum Blvd). Doors open 9 PM.
Happy Monday! We've got a Senior Session this evening here in #indianapolis. Woohoo!
I've somehow found myself infatuated with a city that I've been yet to visit. Life is funny.
of course you did. Getting in touch with your ghetto fabulous side
"We dance in the devil's house"
Holy crap is the new First Aid Kit record amazing. Can't stop listening to the song Emmylou..
Loved that mentioned the Miracle on Ice team when describing the 80s on Idol last night
oh hell yeah ! Hahaha
Alot of ppl talkin deals but no money on the table truth is my shit not organize nor do i have a manager ima member of sbmg grindin to get 1
It don't suggest?
Should Auburn play the season out with Cam Newton or should they bench him now and try to win the BCS title on their own?
Hm? Where to perform next... D.C., Missoula, Reno, Tucson, San fran, chicago?
he's doing his best impression of roberto.
i wouldnt there!!!
“: BREAKING NEWS: AFRICA IS A COUNTRY!!! #Santorum #CNNDebate” I noticed that too.
what is your bad? Ha
Thanks for sharing. That is a BEAUTIFUL photo.
No spoiler here, but stunned with the DWTS results tonight.
Shot the TurboTax commercial today and the director was ... F'ing incredible. Bought a lottery ticket. #11/11/11
Liked the tease of baby face Miz on Raw. He really showed his range as a character and athlete in the ring.
At barneys birthday bash
Hey Paris! I just started following u, just wanted 2 say I keep ur Dad in my prayers & listen 2 his music everyday! God bless
Monkey?? Lol “ I would eat some monkey if it was in front of me right now”
tweets are great!
Good Night !!
I am now on my 4 day weekend! Its a great thing :)
That's almost as many as scanned it at the museum, no? Says sth about the unique & quirky peeps at #MW2012 !
Everyone follow the CEO of -->
Omgg really?(: for his show?:)
RT : Jamaican music get me hype .
Thank U 4 AGAIN mobilizing 2 help CIS students&families. This time, it was finding beds for a CIS family! Amazing partner!
That could make sense. But the appolicious article is from 2010 & demand for mobile developers has increased a lot since then.
this too shall pass
how u liking cali bro?
Everyone getting ready for a fantastic time at #Hempcon this year? Look around for us and come say high!
if you could follow EVERY Mahomie, would you? :)
At Seaworld! Hot!!! My iPhone was stolen yesterday & lost all contacts :( having fun though!
Only 4 more days until we raffle of the Ipod Shuffle! Don't miss out, enter today!
There not,he is still single:) Read his tweets
But do you tenderly, lovingly care?
I think there's some1 4 evry1 jus keep an open mind and heart.
RTBlairKerkhoff: Kansas has played 227 games without consecutive losses, Duke 112. On Wed, KU visits Baylor, Duke goes to UNC.
i send u it lets go
should come too Scotland and have a big glass of Irn bru!!! You don't know what your missing! :P hehehe <3
thank you(:
want to read the op-ed, but the link's not working. can you tweet it again? looks exciting!
weird! i wonder why... it is awesome.. sorry dude!
#Crew96 RT The internal flame of loyalty never flickers for fans of the beautiful game.
I see the homie is following people I hope for a followback also !!
You know you're class is fun when you can include a fake exam question that asks them to define/use an imaginary concept... & they like it.
same here, would love to get just even one wilco ticket! Any stations giving out tix?
Early submission deadline vastly approaching! www.ourcityfilmfestival.com
I need a new twitter name....preferably with MY name in it. hm suggestions anyone? I'm SO uncreative.
RT : First tsunami from Chile earthquake quake strikes Japanese coast; initial waves small - Associated Press
ha! I was just thinking the same thing.
worst day ever.
Lmao i have a headache atleast i brought advil with me haha
just turn off your hair and go back to work.
yes, golf. Good catch Mike!
do you like salsa music i been trying to learn spanish so i can impress her and be sweet i really like spanish music now
Today's trip w/ & was worth putting a suit on for. We met #winning incarnate.
#Stanford scores 4 straight to grab 35-29 lead with 1:43 left. Minutemen need to keep it close with Williams on the bench.
Heading to LA for #lamarket to do my fall buying for !
I want an owl and,or a monkey.
they have half price tickets on Goldstar if you wanna see it. Just don't sit in the front couple row if you don't want to get wet.
The positive vibes of check them on FB.. Great networking connection
follow an little elephant
girls from Mayville are crazy like that! Trust me I know!
Alright then I will :)
2012 here we come
There's no such thing as death. It's just an experience. A change of clothes.
Not a damn thing's changed. Powerpoint still sucks.
So stoked for today! See you there?
#21CRadio A5 I like local music blogs like and also follow a lot of music Tumblrs
We were made to be like speakers amplifying Christ
No one likes spam. So stop
You guys. IM GOING TO CHILDISH GAMBINO. #HellYea :D :D
I would tend to agree. For now. But I don't think Chomsky argued otherwise.
The goverment dude.
Moyer has motivation, he's going for 300!
I didn't make twitter to have any drama actually i was forced to make a twitter by an unnamable person lmao buht ilove it now..!!!
Excited for Lambda Pi Eta's internship information session tonight. See you at 6pm!
I just realize something :(
Pretty face could you make the jump with me? I'm dying just to let things go.
Soccer game #2 for Justin tonight! Scored the game-winner Saturday, so let's see what tonight holds!
is definitely the best reason I've ever seen to be drunk for the Oscars. Here goes nothing...
The Bet awards are going Great....
texting josh :3.
must sleep well tonight cause starting tomorrow, my brain and body will be going on a chaotic ride - good and bad. hopefully more good
Touché! RT : ": (Broadway/Musical references are my favorite)" / "this Jesus must die" -Cahifas, JCSuperstar
ANVC/Scalar works w/cultural heritage institutions (like Shoah) to help move scholars' interaction from access to interpretation.
the feeling's mutual. But do you like me more or ????
I've seen it twice on teens in The D so it must be hot: Plaid shirt with (mismatched) plaid shorts. Walking picnic blanket or cutting-edge?
ouch, hope you're ok.
thanks a lot!!
Their best album. Awesome dude!
ya well we just got off the river trail downtown, we got poured on half way, then it was REAL slick.
Until You by Billy Currington >>>>
thank you for leading on food stamp challenge in Phila. Who else will be so bold?
the is what I ment not he
Happy Birthday !
What inspires you to dance?
U might be onto something! Instagram competition for best Screaming Tuna pic? Winner gets sushi for a lifetime? (or ONE roll) =)
My favorites: Pok Pok, Bunk sandwiches, Lucky Lab beer hall, Deschutes Brewery, Hedge House, New Old Lompoc, Bailey's Taproom
in the house launch sippin on
GOOD JOB RILEY U GO GIRL!!!!!!
What's everyone up to tonight? Us? We're hanging out on the porch listening to some smooth Country tunes! Join us:...
Absolutely! Makes us human.
S/0 to all my new followers I see yall
image says alot and thats wat you need when rapping
It is neither good nor bad, but thinking makes it so. -William Shakespeare
I will for sure in Fall at the latest...when I do... we gonna shot a video for dat song wit me and Spade
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter the first Top Trend was something to do with Justin Bieber. That hasn't changed much.
hey young Ma im excited to see you
@ LAX. Bye everyone.
Gas prices are ridiculous...smh
Lots of references to companies hiring during intros at #BCBos. Thats a good thing.
I love the garden and tomato basil chippppss! Oh my goodness.
PHOTOBOOTHING-Thanks friends in: Kingfisher, Stillwater, Guthrie, Choctaw, Tulsa & Newcastle! great Wknd w/
Hard truths cut both ways.
Holla People Getting ready for school!.. Yay! Only 16 more days left XD
At L&L! Hollaaaaaa
Are you managing social media over there?
I love when females know how to shoot!! it's most definitely a necessity :)))
no! i would NEVER call you a hoe! see...just look @ this. This is the job- now here's ur experience::::::You're just overqualified...see? :D
How yal doing tonight
he must have been good in bed because even his hair can pop a boner!
your very welcome! :-)
If you aint at the Vogue tonite!!! You crazy!!!
Fingerprints on that mobile device? Stop by booth #345 by the cyber café for a complimentary microfiber screen cloth!
heart of a lion
WORSHIP THE BEAST!
Excited to attend For Sisters Only today with some cool sistahs :)
I wish I was still asleep in my warm bed :(
RT : I got a Klout + K from Jessica Northey!!!??? In the words of VH1, I'm having the
Waking up at 6:30 just to go on a field trip to Austin with my amazing cousin:)
We have some superclouds here in Portland tonight.
#dsoc #sla2011 great session on workplace & privacy rights this morn. Perhaps an update in chicago?
Don't Sleep Just Grind
damn cold will not go away still sneezing like a mad man.
Should be a great afternoon of #golf at
LOL My daughter loves that show. The moms & Abby scare me RT : Dance Moms makes me feel better about my mothering skills.
great take on the BFT lets get J Crawford bro
Prost! Four Peaks Brewing Co. is the place for b(i/e)er in Tempe. Or at least it was six years ago...
could you follow ?(:
As long as you're the first dude that uses it. Lol.
#TheMostCommonLies- YES/NO
why because I'm the only one in this account I think i need
Just threw a pen away because it ran out of ink…2nd time that's happened this year! I really feel like I accomplished something.
That's one of the cutest thing I've ever seen. Where is it?
Who? and Why?
no I'm going! I'm just not driving since I don't think it's scary!
Been spending so much time on fb lately...started to "like" your comment. ;)
nothing bored as fuck at home.
People initially said Twitter wasn't useful. Response was "same with ice cream. Should we get rid of it too?"
Hey can you believe I'm actually on twitter?
Caught a foul ball tonight?
OMG that's super original and has never been done before!... But yes.
Game at Bethlehem.
I love Don Trip music!!
Tagging is very important in sharing information in and as it helps in the ordering of thoughts
How does kissing and showing affection influence children?
I know I C u center of the stag RT : Jammin Waka Flocka concert
i'm pretty sure it's saying if you had a twin ...
Play with you 29th. CD release Nov. Email us about possible show trade.
It's Friday. It's warm out. It's b-day party. This calls for breaking out the Hawaiian Tommy Bahama. (and flip-flops too)
I think obnoxious neighbors are very much the same, yes. At least they've stopped, for now.
It is so trippy seeing Rihanna perform minutes after her ex batterer. #nope still not over it.
Life is amazing! End everyday with victory and if that fails, attempt again! Og Mandino "greatest salesman in the world"
I have strong feelings about gun control. If there's a gun around, I want to be controlling it. -- Clint Eastwood (from Pink Cadillac).
Celebrating my birthday at the Edison tonight! Stop by and have a drink with us!
For those wondering, Ben and Jerry's banana peanut butter greek yogurt is pretty amazing. Not so healthy, though!
People will forget what you said. They will forget what you did. But they will never forget how you made them feel. - Thanks
Right back at cha...
Wish I could but I'm at work. I'll try later if your still on.
What...No more Keith on MSNBC. What will I do
Scribblers Success Formula: Share you expertise, Ask Questions, Showcase Your Work, Showcase Their Work #CTCTFB Perfect!
“: Just trying to pad my tweet stats.”. Gotta pad my stats!!!
IT IS REAL YOU EMO!! Actually, it's FAKE!!!!
Easier, faster for the FOIA officers to redact on paper - tried to train ours how to do digitally - or at least scan but no luck.
Hey Fla! #Happy Friday!
Family day at church was amazing <3
u mad bro?
oh, right. forgot we were talking about Pouliot. Hell, I don't know what I'm talking about at all anymore.
U don't even have to the best body to make money just gotta do all the right moves!!
thanks! And , happy to help our if you have any questions.
There's nothing like a night with to turn a rough day around. :) love her!
Tom Terry is "keeping an eye on this rotation" the same way a lion keeps his eye on a limping gazelle.
off this for now, gotta love my 2nd family <3
any chance Burfict could be switched to an OLB or DE? He's big enough and would be a scary pass rusher.
Then come to Gumer's to find the perfect ring and band! RT : Know someone planning their BIG DAY in 2012? Museum weddings are...
My room is so damn messy
Fiber makes me sad:-(
Can't wait to see you there! Make sure to tweet pics / updates.
Nothing like starting off the week with 5 hours of sleep!
Chill out nigga I'm about to enjoy myself
I made this crazy concoction of a breakfast smoothie that has kept me completely full for hours... weird. I usually get hungrier after one
OOH Ya man follows u on twitter? Smh Thats too bad lol
Good morning world. :D
talk that shit, i walk that shit
you're going?! So jealous #havefunnnn :)
You should(:
"it is not so much what we do as it is how we do it that makes the difference in our lives."
Why isSEO best job in the world? Because we help people achieve their online goals while providing the best ROI for their advertising $$$
nice vocabulary
what u got?
I am RT OMG tonight's DH is so good! Who's watching tonight? And right before us is GCB!
#IfYouDontBecomeAFan of and you don't got swag!
love a good smack talker!
Madison NO FEAR Dentistry awarded "Best Places to Work" by Madison Magazine!!
My mac gotta fly in style i need a new hand bag.
how are you?
Wednesday Delivery Special: Free drinks on orders for 5 box lunches!
I know right?? hahaha!!! So... DO YOU put the seat down???
thank you for always providing us with valuable health information. #health comes first!
'not only is this the biggest manchester derby ever played, it might just be the biggest english premiership league game ever played.'
Superb, and if you don't mind awfully, Tam Holland, you're being followed :o) High Praise, Cat!
Thanks! We'll definitely consider for future eps!
I miss wikipedia so much.
I so love and still is a fan!!!!!
yeah, it was very setup-heavy. nothing too exciting, aside from the shocking lack of nudity
S/o to for the follow.
#oerseries what's in it for the creators?
All teams in top 7 and trading partners have helped there teams Ina BIG way !!! Great draft so far!!!
Way too many picks each year for Rivers. And always negative. He's another Jay Cutler.
Indeed it is!
I know, I know.
WHY THE HECK ARE YOU FAVORITING EVERYTHING... KEY WORD EVERYTHING.... WATCH AT SCHOOL JUST WATCH!
Rush Limbaugh has lost so many advertisers that his show had several total minutes of dead air today.
No you wont! ;)
obviously! There was lots of "yazz" flute.
Finally getting Chipotle, thank the heavenly anti-christ
thanks for the #FF!!
lost boys
gym mats gym matting gym flooring - gym mats flooring
Washington should retire that niggas jersey cause he rejuvenated that franchise.
Yep he did. The other brotha Lucca was in 3rd place
hell yea
I know you got a super awesome score on the ACT but can you like stop posting it all over Facebook? K thanks bye.
Do you realize the 850 billion dollar bank bailout is greater than the entire running budget of NASA over the last 50 years? - Neal Degrasse
Anyway to make dolphin my default browser
RT if you love giraffes
At Groves you can be sure of a secure, safe, gated community.
I do that at 6:30 am in the shower! Wake up da whole house :)
i wish i was beautiful.
haha yeah true! but its cute! haha, but i understand it could probably get really annoying
Its wednesday so its time to be optomistic!! At least the weeks halfway over.....
We welcome walk-ins! We have 2 one-chair rooms + a two-chair "couples" room (it's very popular so we recommend reserving it ahead of time).
Sections 123 get free smtown shirts. Why?
you know, Using "swag" at the end of every sentence doesn't make you have swag. But it does make you fucking annoying!
Im gonna get back into hip hop dancin after this is all done!
Wordle + lesson on adjectives + red paper + ole fashioned color, cut & paste = 21st century second grade fun!
Something fundamental & powerful abt the message "everyone is doing it". Social norms influence individual behavior
Guess I need to get back dressed, shoot some moves...
and politicians are punished for coming to new conclusions
I think its your bed time :p
greater trochanteric fracture is the right name...
Oh, you've got a reason.
it my birthday can i get from you both and get a win for me have a great day and be safe
RT : Q3) What “Jedi Mind Tricks” do we employ in our trade-craft?
everything is much funnier with a dirty mind
I'm not against lip-syncing. I'm against Nicki Minaj lip-syncing. And I'm against MIA, period.
fuck yes. resting on my best friend the bed <3
I'm still using the same pair after 11 years. They saved my career and I can even play music again. Highly recommended.
I know...I'm terrible. I just...i don't know man.
Wellp time to ruin my liver and damage my Brain cells. Let's get summer started
ubaldo needs a defining win & fast!
i like your quotes and can u follow me?
i sort of think we shld go to thw 3 dollar theater like.. Asaap!
The "German Ambassador to the UN" who just appeared on Colbert is an actor, and not an actual German diplomat :(
That's exactly it. Sounds like they've been spending a lot of time listening to Meat Puppets.
I can't believe that its been nine years and now its over #OneTreeHill it has changed my life.
planning on mid-may :-)
But after passing a man digging in the trash downtown this morning, I realize that I have so much to be thankful for.
Wow, that's serious business. Lol
- Finally had a chance to put my Romo together, super easy and I think it took longer to download the app then to assemble it!
Relay for life was good.. I walked for my mother god Mom and god grandmother:-) they are all cancer survivors..
pancakes it is then!! and yes with nutella on top!!! :D
Why is Justin soo amazing!?
amen! (stupid raisins!)
I second that shit!
Fb So We can Work !
Don't make me close one more door, I don't wanna hurt anymore.
i really like makeup forver hd foundation. I have several mac formulas too.. it all depends on what you want out of it.
Thank you. I am overwhelmed with happiness and gratitude!
Another beautiful day in the #ROC looking forward to getting outside!
thiis wet seal told me not to come to gardner webb
Makes me smile <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Home w/ my daughter today. She's not feeling well :( hope I didn't give her my cold :( <U+E40C>
Yes, and what he is today determines who he will be tomorrow, so the important time for action is NOW.
Cant Wait till 2maro...My Day with My Mom...............and sahkari i guess
Going to see Hunger Games tonight; wonder if it'll live up to the hype.
lol I'll have to order some for Easter! How are you?
Tomorrow!! Black Friday Tattoo Sale! Get 50% more than you spend on a gift certificate when you pay cash! $100=$150, $500=$750, etc!
can't wait for the UFO files tonight.
im sorry ive been with the fam(: but ok(:
MLB claims copyright over any video of a baseball game now?
baby you turn the temperature hotter, i'm burning up, burning up for you baby.
Just voted 5 times in a row for Melanie Amaro , you do too...
More than 2 dozen area contributors weigh in on WASTE, the latest theme issue from award-winning zine SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE!
Correction: not all of his films have strong female leads as there are exceptions such as Law of Desire & The Skin I live in for example
I like to think that I still matter.
Where are all the night owls at? RT if you're still awake.
I'm glad we have a common bond. Can only love the best, the #packers!
<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1> battery depleted
I don't think this overwhelming feeling will ever go away. At least not for another 2 1/2 months.
OMG - Tommy looking like a slightly heavy set Don Knotts in his Senate bid TV spot
Why don't publishers sell ebooks directly? Would they need a retail license?
So what can you do to help childhood obesity? Check out this run. It's for a great cause and you'll get to meet me
Imma river dance my way to the next bar from this one lmao
traffic sucks!
what am i? :c
RT : BBQ Bacon Chedder Burger today ! #grubspecial COME GET SOME!!
I would personally go with Hicks and Knox. Floyd tends to 'no-show' at times and scares me. Knox in that O is looking big
You inspire me how you always create amazing, compelling content & have a fresh, interesting, cool approach.
let your smile change the world, but don´t let the world change your smile
"Culture will eat strategic planning for breakfast" ....
but that's for lolz. I don't use it out of ignorance lol
Keep seeing that Pure Michigan commercial that brags about Ann Arbwhore. *pukes in mouth*
It's Thursday & you must be thirsty. Show us your Gennys tonight, wherever they may be.
thank me now. best I ever had. sooner than later. practice. headlines...must I go on?
Doin the thing Downtown #CLE tonight...
are you effing kidding me -_-
#mittromney needs to ask himself "are any of the Osmond's gay?"
you should Skype it so I can see :). Or they should record your sesh! Good to go on Hmong! I'm stoked to hear about it
"COBRA! Get downstairs for dinner!" -COBRA
Awesome. Let me know where you r headed or when u r leaving. I am eating now. Not sure what to do after.
Awesome. Let us know how it goes and feel free to ask any questions.
. Please tell me this awesome moment was done at the hoop at my desk?
I do! They root for Philly.
yfrog.com/kkc0rpdj wow this is beautiful weeding cake by
I get great thoughts at night. Then can't sleep for fear I'll forget them in the morning.
Random people talking to me... MERP
PRAYING FOR A BLESSED SUMMER!!!
Well, I've survived the day. (Thus far--thank goodness for a fun evening planned!)
Major #marcfail: doors didnt open for a bit on 448 and then only on 3 cars - major track 13 overcrowding
No I don't. Sorry!
Ugh hate going to the doctors.
Somebody tweet me, im bored!!!
Eli was invited on his first playdate this Saturday...I'm a little nervous! =) He'll have a blast though with his little sweetie Jill Bill
If anyone is looking for a really great band to listen to, don't listen to Maroon 5. They suck. I feel like there should be PSA's a/b this.
Must say, #Madonna still looks good after all these years, tonight on (still sounds good, too—got to respect her longevity).
#Moebius'spoetrychallengeMotherfuckers I told her," I love you, but until you put a ring on my finger... we're just fucking." Hope or less
It's not a good sign that I am checking for grades compulsively. I know that they won't be there until at least January 1.
Get 50% on deposit.
Feels like 119 degrees out? WHERE AM I
Agreed, Cafeteria table tents shall be added to my checklist.
Once hung out with a girl at Vertex who swore she was going to change her name to Jezebel. Don't remember her name..
Miss those nites cuddling on the couch and watching movies, fuck it i guess
got the awesome #disney fantasyland postcard in the mail last night! It made my day!! :D
Paid a freshman to give me her marketing project. I'm THAT done with school.
Going to see The Screwtape Letters at the Taft Theater tonight.
#badarchivists process collections with a Cuisinart.
Up late working on the phone directory - should be ready in a few days
All local draft sampling party tonite 6-8pm. Lavery La Bealtaine, Voodoo White Magic, Helltown Idle Hands DIPA, All Saints IPA EE Monkey Boy
Really want the Grizzlies to win it all now.
Half the time when I dream of my parents they are themselves, the other half they are my subconscious, in the latter care they're way meaner
Evidently there isn't a female who knows how to play the guitar who can break into this sausage-fest.
I missed the start of it! :( what all did they show?
I only had to be a team leader. Suck it down
Join us at 3pm to cheer on the Bruins! Let's get a Game 7 in Boston!!
please follow she is you biggest fan!64
blah blah like I care lol
you're welcome lmao.
I need more followers people.. I will follow back
I love having friends that are such talented writers.
i failed you lol. But no more after tonight
Mel Blanc (the voice of Bugs Bunny) was allergic to carrots.
any hints???
Dis damn beer is nasty as hell #bud ice
hope that doesn't mean your cutting #CraftBeer out. Best way to get your carbs : )
Watching the documentary with !! Love you guys <3 ...
He's an ambassador at siena college
Exclamation marks don't really exist in AP style. Avoid them, if possible.
Thanks for all the shout out for me and Radio Disney NBT. I can confirm I have been submitted. Thx for the #support#
"Cinderella is proof that a new pair of shoes can change your life." Author: Unknown RT : What is ur favourite fashion quote?
Bro we made a track for you let us know what you think. Thanks we appreciate it. The link is with it
Somebody looks to be coming in #sportingkc hope vermes gets this right.
EXACTLY! How dare he make fn of me but say it the same way >:@
Another day another design! I hope my web guy gets the site done soon! I have a tone of stuff to put up, and I want to get started!
And off to work we go
I guess dressing trendy after rolling out of bed so your hair looks crazy is in??
Flying Colors sits next to Flower Kings on my phone. That's a bitchin days worth of yardwork music!
Looking for great toys and games at awsome low prices? Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com
Yeah the characters all play the typical stereotypes but I still enjoyed the story. Season 2 is pretty good w/ Krays story.
Silence is the most powerful scream.
Don't forget to catch Faviana on the Today Show for their REd Carpet, Golden Globe looks on NBC!!
Long Beach? Sports? Duh. Follow !
#ThinkLikeAMan was too funny! I'm still laughing! Kevin Hart is CRAZY. Everyone was great!!
Thursday is #LadiesNight at Grazie! #FREE drinks for the ladies from 9-11PM. As if you needed another reason to stop by and see us!
What is the huge deal? It's a MacBook...and really, I think you've been a great support to Jason during his transition.
She's a waste of space.
Hair cut then gym ready for video shoot tomorrow :)
Oh! that P&G mother's Day commercial. :*}. <3 Could I be more of a sap??
LMFAO u mean I'm trying to tho!!!!!! Just dnt want to be mean about it!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Love it. Except Anna Paquin. She somehow made being Bi less cool.
I Did... RT : So everyone had Dave Blaney winning after a jet fuel explosion, right?
Exciting week with the Hockey Playoffs!! Cheers!!!!!!
did you make an appearance because you knew it was my birthday? How sweet!
thank you for having a twitter that i can look at and read things like this tweet, you have no idea how happy it makes me :)
I need to he in bed by like 1
WHERE. HOW.
Hey there buddddeeeeyyyy!!! ;-)
Sorry, I should be more specific. Who illustrated the cover photo for your Facebook pg? Work is so familiar, I forget artist.
That is the best, those puppies were lucky to have you!
Reading Kerry Reichs' 'The Good Luck Girl' and pleasantly surprised!
Eduardo Saverin renounces U.S. citizenship so as to not pay taxes on Facebook stock. Oh yes, bottom-line business folk sure are patriotic.
man i do not like being the only child.
Successfully avoided all media outlets for two days and watched the Oscars two days late without knowing any outcomes. Great job, Kira.
When she dosent text back!
GIRLS:Dont make fun of his family if theres something serious then tell him its not what you say, its how you say it
hey what's up?
Already regretting Modern Marvels: Cold Cuts. "Machine separated chicken" *brff*
#TheFiveAt735 is coming up! I have tickets for you to come hang at the #LastSummerEverJam after the number 2 song!
Happy Valentine's day everyone
Watching Teen Wolf on Netflix.
Grins on grins on grins.
I just got really confused by a letter someone forged and then signed my co-worker's name on. I need a beer. Stat.
To alleviate my confusion, can we pls combine "How's it going?" and "What's up?" Appropriate answer to the new phrase will be "Good much."
I Make Things Happen, #YouHaveTo .
Always worth the drive, isn't it to see My Lake Placid drive was 3 hours. :)
GET CRUNK! Okay.
linos liberals in name only?
Yeah, Im doing pretty well on some of the sites I didnt think that I would, on not so great on the ones I usually do great on
Back to back walk offs!
Can you make me an imagine please?:D
What is the best way for us to share our upcoming studies with you? #twitter? #facebook? #pinterest? #linkedin? FInd us there, and tell us!
- Thanks for the #FF!
we now have hats in the Seattle Children's Cancer Alliance!!!!
that's sweet man. What do u blog about? Send link
All are great!
Rain all night and all day tomorrow<3
ANYTHING ONE DIRECTION! :)
Nice page :3!
Wish I was in a play so when I talked to myself while longingly staring into the distance it wasn't awkward.
If Usher don't cut that damn mohawk off tho...
Anytime I hear Matty V's name, all I can think of is G. Maddux running around SD locker room with toothbrush stuck in rear. Oy!
Since i'm getting an iPhone 4s, i have to delete half the photos i have.
But the result sure looks like it paid off.
Oh yes she is RT: "That girls outta control, shes outta control" -
Go back to MySpace, it's a real blast
you will get a check, but direct deposit is an option for the future if anyone prefers that other than a check
<U+0093>The harder I work, the luckier I get.<U+0094> <U+0096> Gary Player
On the road to
Two nights of good sleep! It is going to be a great day.
how dou use nonlinear narrative approach to time/place/objects within interactive space to encourage flow vs wandering in story/time?
Production meeting in Granada Hills pre-B's game. They better recognize that my B's are clearly more important than any film we're making!
All black everything dope boy casual
Happy Thursday! Have a great one!
ur new nick name is Carmel pop
Don't forget - book this week for your January or February event and save 75%!!!
treadmill?!? Come on becca lift some weights doing a circuit workout. You'll burn a ton more calories! And its more fun!
The power of random! :D
Fantastico! I can't wait! But I can, and I will.
Max Kramerrrrrrr, buddy its your...ah steve
Hell of a day! - RT TODAY: KEITH HARING, DERBYTAUNT BALL, EMA, THE RUB LIVES
Im getting tired of seeing people with Hunger Games tshirts on. #
...allows us to thrive in our careers. But if decision makers/powers to be are offended by our femininity it can hurt us.
Lamborghini unveiled an SUV?! That's wild.
Finaly the Flyers won a game. do they have any chance of winning the Cup ?
Getting the grills off tomorrow.
location isn't my priority for this one... But UWM bringing football would be good for UWM and Milwaukee
Brussels sprouts! :) The little leaves separated, tossed w/oil, salt, cheese, and crisped up in oven.
where is the noise tonight???? Going to go finish the BSU OSU you game.
and we are 2jajajajja guys are so funny!:)x
When your mistakes haunt you <<<<<<
I'm calling BS on the severity of the Hurricane. The media is pumping this thing up more than they do Boise State.
....hey you! I've no idea how to do this.
The night took a really interesting turn after Sky Club! I heard you guys had a fun pizza party afterwards!
If Heath was 7' 5"? RT : That was catchable by Heath. Not Ben's fault.
BTW, I am fully #Staching at this point. To my surprise mostly positive comments. Still no match for the stache style of
What's taking so long
About #TheVoice and her next album. What did you ask her?
hooters. Bubba hump shrimp also just opened up.
You ARE helping!! In The Room. Never doubt that.
Good Morning to all my new followers!! So many of you so RT and have a great & Dynamic Day!!
its more of an image for them than an idea
"Why are Viola parts written in alto clef?" "Because it's harder to prove that wrong notes weren't copying errors."
- You bet, thanks for posting it! Always great stuff going on over there :D
his true feelings finally came out..
Just curious if you've ever designed a tumblr theme... I could use a new one.
#jhumda wow- i need to get some 3-D glasses.
I will be at the gym again today!!
W/start
Cnt wait til 7 so I can get out of dis Hot as Place!
What a beautiful day today is. Beautiful like an armpit.
Listening to Dr. Chris Renda define 'level of reflection' - how deeply you think about solving a problem.
Happy Easter Monday!
looks like I'm owed the best things in life from your entire apartment.
If you have mobile above baby's crib, make sure it doesn't hang too low for baby to reach. Remove by the time baby begins to roll & sit up.
thanks homie, you too! What you doin for NYE?
Let go of your story that you don't have the time to be present. Give yourself a gift to do this. Great advice
A Six Buck Chuck with Lea & Perrins Mushrooms, Onion Straws, Baby Swiss. Chocolate Covered Strawberry Shake.
If anyone has been trying to call or text me today, my phone isn't working. It's not me ignoring you....even though sometimes I do that too.
Sure you don't have #diabetes? 60% of NOLA adults have at least 1 risk factor for #diabetes. Find out for FREE. Text: HEALTH to 300400.
Get over yourself
45 minutes left, maybe you'll still get them...
thanks for sharing I love this event!
They sure are. No letup whatsoever. Hey, if you're going to be around later today, I'll call you. Need to discuss a few things.
fireworks in Commonwealth Stadium that is! The UK revitalization project is underway, thanks coach for bringin the hype!
If you attend an event with complimentary snacks, and it's obvious there is only enough for each person to have one, why do you pick 3?
do you see any merit in cloud/web based EHR solutions?
I love the fact my mom & Maria are cool about dying my hair at home & not at her salon. It's just to far.
To no one in particular, because there are many girls who say this, but the hashtag #sorryimnotsorry is the bitchiest thing to me...
After a week off, we can't wait to reconvene Thursday nite! New David Wright chart on the agenda!
Tonight we have a TV dinner date with the Country Music Awards. What Are your plans?
Creating a cartoon crab for a beer label. What a fun gig!
Whoa...Emily looks a bit like a blowfish
Another 3R HR from Evan Longoria to make it 7-6? If Dan Johnson comes out of the dugout, I'm throwing in the towel.
Why? Is it because you don't want to hear the truth? Everytime I tell you how it is, you get mad @ me like its my fault. Whatever.
Im scared. Scared of facing my past.
nights like these, i could talk forever. all of my problems built up, are like pouring out of me. , thank you for being here!
Sounds good. I'd repost with a more specific session title to make sure you bring in the right people.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: "Collaborative" family law hijacked a name that makes it sound irresistible, but it is not what it seems.
barely talk to you now
Lol at the people really thinking LA can even contend with OKC. Thunder in 6.
I just met in person. I can now go home and call this #BlogathonATX a success.
Hot as hell, but ready to play in this tournament!
literally cannot stop smiling. Today is a great day.
Hardcore hide-and-go-seek :p
together (maybe for dinner), if you want to join!
What's in the juicer today?
I eat pop
#Casting! - Rick Millikan casting BRAVE SOLDIER Intense Paintball Player and RICKY DUVAL early 30s Shady Looking for the series "Bones."
And yet I am still awake? - Damn it!
So excited to see Fos today!!!! If you guys are excited about the new single...maybe we'll post a clip?
LolRT : WEAVE IT LIKE ME CUZIN! SO WE CAN FIND U A MAN! FUCK A NIGGA NAME JABREAL ND MARQUIS! OOPS!!! LMAO
<U+2665> all the I <U+2665> Art pictures!
Up reading...this book will not let me go to sleep.
i love all of the butt ... Is my favorite ;D
I love ém all!!!! Yayo creeps deep within tho RT : Video Games. Born To Die. Blue Jeans. Carmen. NATIONAL ANTHEM NEXT PLEASE?
I think that talking out the side of ya neck was the one I couldn't remember. I didn't think that's what it was really called
Only five more like last night and I'll be even for the year!!!
I watched him all year in AA last year. You just knew he was going To blow
good question. Interested in helping us figure it out?
my workouts only fit in after 8pm due to my kids, so it's easy to just skip them and sit on the sofa instead.
A grandma is getting down. LOL. OMFG.
God, I will give thanks to You forever. ~Psalm 30:12
your art work is great keep doing you and working hard:-)
#np Superman - Eminem
Come out to #E-Villa this #Thursday for #ItsCasual with
Niche Bike Mag Puts a Photographic Spin on Cycling - Wired News
There are a lot of birthdays on this beautiful last day of August and we are shouting them out on facebook!
Yes! Especially with all this Easter candy in my kitchen.
Apr 20,1922: #Churchill was considering replacing troops with air squadrons in India and Iraq.
Well I'm up and time to make the donuts..or in my case drugs for the elderly.
Phoenix Coyotes vs. Florida Panthers for the Stanley Cup: Now there's a sure-fire way to absolutely destroy any and all interest in hockey.
Thanks I haven't stopped yet either :)
SUck it Up god Dammit! You can live without pimpin your bitches out for a weekend!! Twitter Baseball is more important then LIFE
Stone in a Sling: A soldier's journey is a coming-of-age book outlining a unique story of one young man’s journey well into adulthood.
Great class at Source this week -- thanks!
Just heard on Rome. Good stuff. Much better than hearing the Clones act like they know what they're talking about.
watching Merle Haggard at #allforthehall2012 right now & all i can think is how would be in country heaven right now!!!
you should enjoy, great show
"Israel in 4 BC had no mass communication" (Gotta love a little Jesus Christ Superstar this time of year!)
Yes, they really are.
i cant im on my phone
hahahaha denva shemnva... we are going to dominate Gold Club and cannot wait
I'm not sure. Norton Anthologies are pretty good except some have "revised" versions of texts. Like newer, updated ones.
Waiting online for a talkinv egg named eggbert...how cool can sst get?
Can yall help me out? I need people to tweet the link of my new video to their followers so I can get more people to watch it and "like" it!
never seen anyone outside of my family spell Velazco w/ a "z" -- where's your family from?
My last retweet though>>>>
posts the best links. Everyone should follow him.
Oh really? Where? And ewwwwwww.. Steelers are meatball!
#3 me and my 5 closest friends are most hated in my school, that's why we stick together.
Kevin Hart is guest starring on #ModernFamily as I tweet.
Happy birthday, !
You are rocking and rolling over there. Congratulations my friend. I knew you were always destined for greatness.
ima be 18 in Ten days ! idk if i should be excited or scared lol
criminal minds marathon! so good
just noticed most of the people i talk on here are like 14 wtf.
Rep King just said we shld allow more #childlabor in other industries-most shocking part? The level of agreement in the room! #newtsfriend?
Got me a new pair of cowboy boots :D
Hahahaha! Not sure I really want to be reminded of what I did throughout the day. Much less the night.
RT : Hell hath no fury like me when I step on a lego.
Wuz up Lafayette, La UPC/IMSO2COLD we out hea!!!!! Mr.Mysta "VERBAL FINESSE VOL 1" get your copy ASAP!
you just like seeing the guys abs. Te conosco mosco
Never let anyone bring you down <3
Cool story babe, now go make me a sandwich <3
Today in American History - Jan 21, 1824 - American Civil War general Thomas "Stonewall" Jackson was born. (via )
I hope i have some money for Bre birhday !!
doesn't it just. I didn't even get to eat till 11 tonight, very bad really!
The garbage can reminded me I ate Mc D's last night !!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
#SocialMediaTip be happy all the time
RT : In a huge coup for the team, joins our ranks.
How much does it cost to adopt a highway? My mom's birthday is coming up and she already has a dog.
I am learning a lot with this project. A lot of German.
"Every answer asks a more beautiful question." e e cummings
i love you :)
Marshall Chapman, Will Kimbrough, Mary Gauthier and Tania Elizabeth were incredible tonight at the Station Inn!!!
I cant sleep and why u still up u need to go to bed
If people never learn their lessons...they're really f***in stupid.
And what a great status update it was!
RT : HAPPY BIRTHDAY >Thank YOU sweetie!
Just peeped my girl beat her brothas girls ass.. smokin a dutchie fulla #loud... Back to the regularly scheduled program
today hve to organize tennis for my kidz.finish some sewing-big week ahead
super bowl:)
hi :) how are you?
#coffeebreak “: #BREAKING: Multiple car accident has shutdown NB traffic on the Golden Gate Bridge.”
miss having around the way wifey, to much sluts tryna seduce me, i don't give it up that easy im a real man
how are you gonna hashtag superpass when we didn't even get to see any of this on superpass even though we pay for it
Getting ready for bed...then driving the busiest fire engine in the state starting at 7am.
The phrase "One, two, buckle my shoe" is super dated.
Obama tells ABC interviewer he supports #gaymarriage, first president to take that position
Taco Legend record just got crushed - 16 tacos in 14min 34sec!
But the last thing they wanted was an emotional casket base.
fina go get some fresh air with donnie;)
I have a feeling the men will want more than just this shirt... ;-)
Hey , hurry up and get here!
PR Reunion sounds awesome! Count me in!
I have been entrusted with 95 teenagers.
what kind of sweeteners did you taste?
WOW, you're not joking!
correction!!!! You mean you just choked on soda :)
Haha, love that. What's that from? ": Only one fedora per crew, man."
Wanna see The Lucky One!!
Just finished shooting pictures at Lake Eola for the new DeWitt Law Firm Web Site that will be launched after the first of the year.
Bronson said she was prescribed Ambien by her SA doctor in 2007, but refilled twice at hotel in India, where prescription isn't needed.
I got tarzan songs stuck in my head..damn you phil collins magical sex voice
Anybody ever seen "surfer dude"?
It’s our time, let’s get it, begin it, let’s not stop it, It’s game time, we in it, we ain’t losing, we winning
happy birthday young nigga
'The 'S' in International Sustainable Library Development: Sustainability Issues.' Today in the Morial Conv. Ctr, room 284.
Heading over to @ 's workshop "amplifying your pr message with social and search"
nah heats!
oh my bad..
Watching True Lies!!
Lunch in the #firestonedistrict anyone?
#Warhammer40k Feast of Blades Practice event goin' on! Come down and see the CHAOS!
NOT YET!!! Working OT on it!!!
Hope your pup recovers quickly!
This guy is weird af
Read through your Wellness Travel magazine. Amazing design, great article formats, and the photography is just incredible.
My mom is making me mow. What is this nonsense??
I hate the rain -_-
"A large part of virtue consists in good habits."
Have one of your friends call and say its an "emergency"
GERMANY is closing all their NUCLEAR ENERGY PLANTS now...they're not wondering...they're just doing it. Hm... re-engineer always!
Your twitter pic makes me happy
Video: Draft prospects recall high school
Me too! RT : Big decision today...how many lotto tickets will I be buying?
so glad you are enjoying the conference!
hey jon. Cud u send a mssge via twitter telling year 11 to revise poems on moodle and that there is animal farm stuff
You ugly, you black fucka
now that would be a miracle...
Thanks! I'll check it out. Today might be the perfect day to make the change. Happy weekend!
That's what I'm hollerin' haha
when someone asked niall "curvy or skinny?" he said "curvy , always curvy" =)
Not a series, but if you haven't read it, I highly recommend "The Art of Racing in the Rain."
Done. RT : No! Game tracker is better quality. No lie. RT: “: should I not spend $5.99?”
Where did you initally meet the last person you collaborated with?
Everyone got new cars for christmas/new years... i got new tires. lol
Yes! Yes! Yes!
hi! I love your singing! I think your such an awesome person! I love you
RT : RT : I've got a new TV show "Who Let The Dogs Out!" Check it out! WOOF!! wholetthedogsout.tv #TillmanTV Woof!!
Finally into Switzerland, be ready for a big upload coming soon!
Major Halftime Letdown. On mid-game promised a "twit" from the stage mid-performance and we got nothing.
Her world came crashing down...
spring cleaning my lists...If you are following me, I'll follow you back within the hour.
about to go run then chill for the night nd eat like a fat boy
On the party bus almost at #stonebrewingco! Brought "the crew"...20 of my closest friends!
Hittin the park
gosh i have work @ that time ! :(
RT : This morning in Texas, leaders hold an event to explain why #TPP is bad for #Texas & the US.
I guess you can't make everyone happy..
Good morning tweeps. Hope everyone has a great Tuesday! <3
yes!! Wayne calls for a whole Other Direction meeting!!!
- Thanks. Looks like you guys had your own ordeal. I hope the arithmetic equations are now in your favor...
If you're lucky enough to find someone who makes you feel special, don't ever take them for granted.
hahahah i want it to be those days again!
thanks so much!
Join us Sundays @ Victory Church Of God 222 East Monroe Ave. Grants, NM 87020 10:30am # Look for our articles in the Faith Column of The… #
What happened to Ashley Judd? Still has the rockin' body, but it looks like her face exploded.
I've been out of work for so long that I've almost forgotten how to hate people
"Be the change you want to see in the world." ~Gandhi
This is the era of "do it yourself learning." The question is: how do we model that for students?
Im online, Justins sleeping. Justin online, Im sleeping. I go to bed late, Justin doesn't tweet. I go to bed early, Justin tweets = My Life.
11 minutes left. I gave you all many chances and a big final one tonight. No more. I see exactly how it was and how it is gonna be...
My new favorite past time while driving is naming fellow drivers... Today I met nancy. Nancy is unable to find the gas peddle. Poor lady.
If you have a headache, take an asprin, if you have a pain in the ass, break up with them
Happy New Year to Everyone From Peas In A Blanket!!! <3
Why am I seeing all this shit talking on my TL. Kentucky won the game, Louisville lost. Deal with it.
Hey Ya by Outkast is playing on the radio...
A common theme among companies @ #HCM2012: 30% of leaders eligible 2 retire w/in 5 yrs. Got 2 capture/transfer that knowledge now!
NO i cant hear you nor see you.......chocolate cake in 5 minutes.......
i miss my sisters.
Clearly, a good eye.
RT if you watching the cavs game
Sounds like the name of a great Blues band: Mississippi "Blind Man" Donald and the Tub Cats
#USGS: 4.1 magnitude #earthquake has struck about 16 miles north of Fontana, CA.
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something, but to be someone. -Coco Chanel
Awe! The class folks set up my weights for me in Group Power
Always wondered what it'd be like to bang a cougar or a Mexican. Guess I'll get to fulfill both those fantasies at once.
Mumbai Bistro opens July 21st...Next week, Wednesday. 930 Locust St., Philadelphia, PA 19107.
And thank you so, so much for posting this. I'll be using it in class today.
next Monday
I will most certainly be next week! Can't wait to see you all, come by and give me a hug!
Hope you can visit sometime soon! RT : I often dream about moving back to DC just to see you on a regular basis...
I'm gonna be Nicki Minaj for Halloween, what about you?
HAPPY MEXICAN ST. PATRICK'S DAY!
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Jazz The Bar - Other - Airport (live updates)
I've never seen avatar, any of the matrix series, any of the lord of the rings or across the universe. Judge me.
All teachers get happy hour all night. Join the fun with a great Long Beach Alums at 6:30pm and wine tasting all day. Enjoy.
Happy final day of SMWLA!
Thanks for the kind words!
Many titles remain to be entered. Some are in Gribben's MARK TWAIN'S LIBRARY, some not.
you're are never safe and sound until all the doors are closed
Go pack go!!!
i got the best sleep last night
#LiesGirlsTellForAttention "no makeup, all natural"
*closes eyes, leans head back against tree, looks up at sky* i miss ....
Thanks Kendra. Have a great weekend.
there will definitely be arm sleeves at the expo. Hubs and I got some there last year if you can wait that long.
My cats like having a seizure or something.
Hi there!!
Old guys with mustaches are the best old guys.
I think it would benefit CT if TBS starting airing repeats with episode 7 and pretend the first 6 don't exist.
Watching talk about NoSQL databases at
When customer service is a cop out, it's not customer service. Someone needs to be accountable for solutions
It's going to be a wed night with our lil Jon there on the dj! Only
Yusef from APAC re: Mike "He's a man of the people, and certainly not in the pockets of special interests." #seamayor #Seattle ^bm
Maybe you'd be less stressed if you didn't shout all the time?
no, parents are putting one in the backyard of the house in Locust Creek
to what ^_^
Off to Nats game after all, toting both sunscreen and umbrella
:D thank you kindly
Whatever works! :)
Burundi has a 0.5% unemployment rate... Many countries have historical unemployment rates below 4%. Denmark was at 3.5%.
The Guto likes his women thick…She ain’t a lady unless she’s at least 680 (lbs, that is).
Blech. Too dried up and chewy. Now, some auntie-pesto would be good.
I'm sorry for being a bad client.
Anybody wanna FaceTime?
I love it. doesn't even card me anymore. They're like, oh, it's you again. Okay, fine.
Coney island to submit my roommate to a freakshow and eat Kobayashi's leftovers
Charlie Brown riding his bike hella stoned.
Heading to Vegas. Would rather be playing legos and kitchen with the kids.
wuuuduppp trying to met all my followers wats ur name : )
Teague needs to get his shit together going forward.
Power nap before work with Gia :)
Schools tomorrow....fuckin a
Picking up some jewels to showcase on the KEYE news segment today!!
Just alittle busy at home! Plenty to work on. I just want to thank all my Twitter followers! Enjoy your evening!
"Dancing's not work. You can't call it work. A day I don't dance is a day I don't live." ~Serpent of the Nile~
Omg Omg Omg.
Smh at my parents thinking being bi/gay is an option...
Do you have any fun plans for this weekend? Please share.
Happy Mother's Day, enjoy and relax!
yes, I'm NYC time, we usually chat as early as possible,He travels about an hour to Skype, needs to take bus home before dark
I am now a follower. :)
Good question if marketers should pay attention scores
Time to eat something ! My favorite part of the day!!
fun filled weekend at the Circus in the Park and the Ravenswood Community Services Fundraiser!
Going to bed as visions of ostriches dance in my head.;)
Thanks Molly. Does C21 have a corporate group?
What a night
Headed home to Philadelphia from for #ntcamp tomorrow and HS reunion tomorrow night!
right there with you ! we will get there eventually !! haha
no one did a bracket this year
Loving my new apartment and I'm even closer to p-cola beach u know where I'll be all summer :)
Lil kids act grown today RT
Damn.. What to do tomorrow?
Free movie with , then a delicious dinner in a lovely locale with my very funny, friends who shall remain nameless. Life is good!
srsly, there's some dude just wailing away in there. everyone around me keeps exchanging amused smiles.
I think bc of how much we are loving on (using it this morning). One is professional & the other personal.
There is not enough foie gras in Houston generally.
Back to trying to fall asleep ...
I really hope this lady at the pump next to me isn't dead.
David Thomas and his cute family just walked in Dantes kitchen
Jack White's Blunderbuss, on the other hand, is not making a good first impression. His weakest album yet?
Insert random daily aphorism here
yea I know I've been trying to stay away from twitter and Facebook
being more than human. Are you ready for the pressure? Are you ready for that task? If yes then that's great if no then thats great too.
"Children begin by loving their parents; as they grow older they judge them; sometimes they forgive them." Oscar Wilde, 1891
How come I don't see v5.3 on the blog?
Gay RT : Relationships are like inventions there are always problems before it is finally perfect
Yeah I think more then an hour would kill us, either because we give so much to our show or we're old & frail. Not sure which ;)
Why he did that I do not know. And I do not know why these texts he sent(at least 2) did not show in my statement?
One that says Grandma that you write "Surprise!" in.
Windows: is it really necessary to remind me that my NT password expires in 90 days? REALLY?
its embarrassing how into Lana Del Rey I am.
Plus it introduced legions of youth to 'salsa' music
I'm out of a phone for lil bit Til I find out my bill is 700 I'll be damn if I pay that shit
As Southby begins, I'm here with herbal tea, acupuncture, web design, and book stuff. You know... adjacent to the arts revival.
This is gonna be a great week.
Anyone in Twitter land exp at adapting existing materials to create a 3 credit hr, college level course?
Meeting today for with our top vendor...all new men's arrivals today!!! Cant wait to see all of them...
happy day of mom this great ;) i love u mom
that sounds so far away lol
YEAH, U R FAB! I'm lyke totes jelly.
Sneads has never had much luck against Bozeman.
' My biitch done walked the stage , congratulations yu done did the damn thang!!!
Danny Woodhead dark horse player of game
I knew would like that list. If only he had tweeted my handle correctly.
Thanks ! Hope you like the blog. We're having a blast tasting beers and reviewing them in our own unique way.
Real men don't date the most beautiful girl in the world. They date the girl who makes their world the most beautiful <U+2665>
thanks girly glad you like!
yes can't wait
RT : I know only two tunes. One them is Yankee Doodle and the other isn't.-U.Grant
Oh, Marion! I'm taking your cute neighbor to a concert in Boulder tonight. Meeting at The Sink, too. How you been?
I'm considering unfollowing you. Please tell me you're being sarcastic.
We're at the Shamrock Shuffle Health and Fitness Expo today at Navy Pier...come say Hi
you'll LOVE us! <3 All you have to do is DM us!
I have the terrible song "Sing" by the Carpenters in my head. May not sleep tonight.
Beautiful music playin so I'm never left alone
Don't miss DJ Kidd, Joey G, and guest bartender Ryan Healy tonight at Sutra Lounge for Sindustry Wednesdays!
Don't forget to check out the products and technology by Xylem: Hall A1, Booth 317/418, Hall A5, Booth 135/234, Hall A6, Booth 445/544
Hey, best wishes on your premiere! Congrats!
I'm going to prom in Converse. That's how cool I am.
You can guest blog on Cleveland 52, any time, just ask. Does it look like I have any standards? I can hardly spell.
Lady Gaga is so weird!!!...hahaha
no problem (;
Both in a two day span!
What a shitty day
Promoting shows is easily one of the more frustrating aspects of my job for that very reason.
Tots on The Go gets noticed by Frommers! Check it out! http:www.frommers.com/articles/7376.html
hey people! Please follow !! Please and thank you!!
thanks :b lol & I went to his first concert & met him , & then I've gone to subway with him like twice :b
thanks for the #followfriday mention! The week went by too quickly. Enjoy the weekend!
She's Got the Look! RT "80 degree Thurs. striped dress. Iced coconut coffee from "
Here in Hollywood you can actually get a marriage license printed on an Etch-A-Sketch. - Dennis Miller
Workin and enjoying being done with school for a few months. Adjusting to not being busy 24/7.how about you? What's new missy?
Thank you so much for stopping by this morning!
Downloaded my app today......so happy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><U+2764>
I want to wear ski goggles and have champagne poured all over my head! Go Giants!!
when it comes to , you dont know what you have until it's gone.... gonna miss ol' #56, even more than ol' $4
Never thought I'd say this but sometimes it really is better to just lie than to tell the truth.
The Blenderz will be rocking Fatso's Pizza tonight and tomorrow night. See ya there!
We're excited to be producing The Great #Gatsby, and we can't wait for you to see it!
Black People LOVE Diamond Turfs ;D <U+2665>
Reading 'Heart of Darkness' before our trek into the Malaysian jungle...
don't shoot the messenger. Make sure you're there for their set it will definitely change your mind.
I don't fuck with to many I hold it dwn by my self .....
The music world has lost a pioneer, Jim Marshall, creator of The Marshall Amp. RIP while our guitars gently weep
Kat Williams is funny
Love is only blind for those who are not looking in the desired direction.
Ustream/shadowforcemobemnts RT : what's the website to see it live
This house is full of drama
unnecessary stressin. gotta vent with the sister bear.
is the most ancient story in western history. The seed to so many. You're bound to be drawn :p
doggy bag for manana...
i just heard #BOYFRIEND wow thats a new side of that i LOVE wow umm REPLAY !!!
I will be at the Brokerage Comedy Club tomorrow night killing it on stage while celebrating my birthday ! Who's coming ?
Ain't no thang a shot of patron can't fix...
Hello, brother. Better late to the party, than home all night alone.
Please follow and retweet. They will follow you back!
Thanks! We'll add that to the list!
Guy knows how to win. If Buffalo is 3-5 don't be shocked if VY is called on. Chan spoke highly of him.
Watching Ellen... I love her! She just makes me smile :)
Uh Why do you have a casserole dish?! Now, OUR friendship is obviously fucked. I thought I knew you. . . sigh.
Word is: The #BigEast will rename itself to Conference WTF!
you already know much love
Cant wait to be on the beach for spring break
Is Clint Eastwood running for president?
Me and arthur baker down by the school yard. Dudes killing it so hard. Let's go!
I still believe in real lyrics.
Anyone going up to LA tonight?
NEW SHOW #2: Death Cab For Cutie w/ Telekinesis at Mud Island on Wednesday, October 5! Yes, two shows on October 5. Take your pick!
The hulk and iron man are hilarious
i guess.? Yeah i want an interview for anything. I need a job just not a dirty job.
": time to get with the times homie!"<-- You watch it there buddy!!
I'm burnin purple flowers
I'm tired of always texting him first ...but I really want to talk to him...
The perfect title for my current map: "Iceland: Unpronounceable Beauty"
Thanks for following me! Tune in to The Savvy Money Show airing weekly on iTunes & www.blogtalkradio.com.
I don't know whether to be excited or angry that it's supposed to snow tonight. I wore a t-shirt yesterday...
well done today on the internshow
I am single for life. <U+270C>
I know it's 'gon be hot. Drop it!
Nice! Can't wait to see it!
watching Kenan & Kel...i use to LOVE this show back in the day & I thought Kel was fine lolol
Funnier to see become obese: Mick Jagger or Michelle Obama?
"I'm offended by the sight of your boobs!" - said no sane individual ever.
iknowww ! I'm on heads ! I need my shit. Like ok if I earned it. But my dyin daddy gave me tht shit.
My Mother is a travel agent for guilt trips.
u probably want a beer
Safe travels! :)
there's espresso grounds in my americano. times like this i want to go back to starbucks & take back my tip.
Now your just somebody that I use to know.
How is this day almost over already??
Just tried out the Sonicare my awesome new dentist gave me. Tee hee! It TICKLES my gums!
is the only ho for me, she is better then all the other ho's, she is my ho fo sho!
Nothing like an awesome work out and then stuffing my face with chicken Alfredo
are elegantly inlaid in the Unique Titanium Rings
I wish! But, unfortunately, that's not an option for us on either side. :-(
I never knew love could hurt this fucking bad...worst pain that I've ever had...
We hope everyone had a great thanksgiving......want to meet someone this year for free.....we have your answer......www.supertova.com
Excellent. Thanks!
Nothin quite like after bar in the bar.
Great Hang last night in Reho with , the Rabbit and Alicia! Stingray Rules!
that is analysis that should win an Emmy. Would love to taste her Rigatoni.
I don’t chase after anyone anymore. If you wanna walk out my life I’ll hold the fucking door open for you
you know this .
Its time to make my page rated PG for all the undeveloped brains on my friends smh ha!
Twitter: desensitizing the masses circa 2008
O what fun it is to ride....
#nowplaying sleeping sickness by city and colour .. Feels like forever good stuff!
is watching the watcher.
In addition to the Monkey On A Stick, there is the Bust It Open dance which I totally never learned.
Here it goes... nothing
God is good. He reveals things to us in ways we wouldn't imagine. It makes me laugh sometimes, but i thank Him...<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
I need more followers #FF me plz xD I'll return favor
Ive officially givien up on the puzzle for the night... My bed just calls to me... Goodnight everyone!
I'm sure they had someone following him, making sure he didn't do anything dumb.
Don't forget Mother's Day is Sunday. Still time to get flowers and a card! Have a good weekend everyone, particularly you moms out there.
I've already told my BF that if we're ever on a game show and he's asked for my favorite movie, he must answer "Quiz Show."
We're not friends anymore. I'd appreciate it if you would stop talking about me and my relationship.
GO JEREMY!!! XD
I wasn't note taker, assume the Berker- team will and them
thank you for the add! Please keep checking up on our site art is soon to be posted from portlands young artists!
success ! Thanks very much.
- thanks lets try to meet up at some point.
I cut my hair last night, now I really look like a mom. :( I'm sure my mom will be proud. "Cut your hair, wear a slip, polish shoes"....
HEALTH-Confused about healthcare (public, private or both)????? FREE Healthcare Plan Review and more! www.AmericanHealthcareCouncil.com.
couldn't agree more. Why now? In the midst of a division race. Odd... first k-rod then prince, wonder who is next? McGehee?
I've begun the War on Andy. The consequences will be catastrophic!
RT Creative Trailer Relocation w/Ric from for show Thurs night w & #ROCK!
yeah he's tacky as hell. Glad I'm not the only 1 who caught what the trainer said...WTH?! Left me scratching my head for a sec
I took that class! yet another reason I won't read past first paragraph.
Let's go Rory, no Masters repeat!
happy birthday bleak!
Can save up to 20% discounted organic foods! Sign up now limited time offer! www.mybeyondorganicliving.com
When making eggs, I never set out to make them scrambled; but that's how they always turn out.
If I have to be up in an hour and a half...too late for sleeping pill?
Aw thank you so much! :) <3
help trend #TylersPartsOfTheBody!!!!!!
There's a half-finished building across the street, and I very much want to chase Kelly through it and have a Cool As Ice-style montage.
Oh no. I just thought of it. I still stand by hiding in cabinets in case of dinosaurs
We will see.
do you know who's winning the Show Us Your Q contest?
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
No Home, No Bed, Nowhere to Hang my Head \m/
Please leave me out of this. This can't possibly go anywhere good for me. ;^)
Justin, thanks for coming out brother. We're glad you enjoyed it!
RT : RT There is no failure except in no longer trying. - Elbert Hubbard*
Just tapped Abita Turbo Dog English Brown Ale.
Feel That Happy Feeling....
I will be heading the Fulton Market Walk in May. I'd love to connect with you.
Headed to Denver for #ASTD ICE? OpenSesame's will be there and would love to meet up & talk elearning!
Putting the "K" in Weeks since April 2012. Ugh.
I love u baby and can't wait for our day of fun tomorrow luv ya
black girls are so much more fun to talk to.
I'm just saying...I cant find those shoes in my size....Not that I would want to wear them in the first place!
So my bosses Bill Sigmar and Tom Oakes go to get our Hummer H3 and come back with an H2...UPGRADE!
Happy birthday Julia!
With respect to , that was a terrible call in Syracuse's favor.
we all got angels, we all got demons.
Cartoons are interesting
dating me dosnt make you a man whore. Going from girl to girl makes you a man whore.
e of lighting issues too. Might need new one soon
I watched Miranda July's The Future last night. It was like Portlandia, but in LA, and where the jokes make you cry instead of laugh.
And the 2012 #HardRockRising winner is #3DudesChillin Congrats to them and thank U to all our 2012 band participants ROCK ON
No worries, just convinced Tooele High student body officers to tweet with
r u coming to miami if u do please post it or reply me please i beg i luv u so much jb <3
Going for midnight rats. Got to keep up your strength when working on a project.
And I started a poem, wherein the tree says to extract from the root pulls up too much dirt, and the tooth says it brings too much pain.
Omg the ride stopped half way through. Wonder how long we'll be stuck on it hahaha my butt hurts
The wood is the movie right now
Forgot what a great running buddy is!
Do you remember your primary school music recitals? ...kids in school now may not get to make those memories...Save the Music in Schools
Clouds building, air smells moist, snow in forecast Sun-Tues, we can only hope
SUP WITH THA KID?
We're psyched to have cleared the first round of judging
: Are you thinking about this past weekend? :)
apparently i got 'owned.' no i didn't. i'm pretty sure I'M the one that owned that bitch for ditching her fam.
What do Kaisers do when it snows in the city? Play, ski and blog, apparently. 3 new post in 1 week?!? Yup. kaisertales.com cc
Just saw all the high tech stuff Nike did to make the new NFL jerseys. They spent way too much time making a shirt.
SPOTTED: Clay Matthews and Aaron Rodgers at Hilton Bayfront in San Diego. Clay is smokin! But go Chargers!
i'm so honored <3
pizza Bianco has a legendary pizza maker!
Had a good time with him. Sleep is what I need now .
12 more years of school
Phil - anything possible in #Magic City -- but this one is for the books!
Realized in meditation it isn't about eliminating outside noise, it's about shifting focus so that that noise remains only in periphery.
Klein and i am closing down walker fitness center
And I just added it to your grade.
Ha! No problem. I'm sure it will be a marathon afternoon/night for us when it gets here.
good luck!
You got that right (:
that's hilar
and son are still in pyjamas. This is the thing I love best about homeschooling. Lounging around playing games all day because we can.
already the 5th may over here in germany!! HAPPY BIRTDAY!! wish you the very best :) !
Sure as hell hope this is rock bottom for the
Thanks! Super tiny...such a trip. So cute. RT : congrats! He's tiny!
you can buy cans of manwich on ebay
is bringing it. Feb 25 TPA students Register Now leadtampabay.com Change your community!
Greg Gibson called that a foul tip because of what he heard. The bat made contact on the follow through.
Can't Help Falling In Love - Elvis >>>>> lol
Congrats just celebrated 16yrs first week in Nov. RT : Happy 5 year anniversary to my LBs & me! Damn can't believe it's been 5
psssssst who won them awards?
We just wanna blow so our #exgirls can mis us ...!
To any followers who might be interested, this spring I will be tweeting from for my Social Media Strategy class at NYU!
Charter really needs to get it together. This is getting ridiculous.
Wow its a lil cold in NYC
Waking up starving again - what are you eating for breakfast?
Theft is fitted to, and fatted in the theevish heart with obvious booties. Pride is fed with the officious compliments of observant Groomes.
#Power Plate helps stimulate circulation, oxygenating blood and helping remove toxins. This can help to reduce the appearance of cellulite.
Hi from Joey, wanted to invite you to the birthday bash on Jan 16th Send me a message to get info. thanks
followed. follow back? :)
Now that jermaine won, is next. :)
- But difference is Israeli action limited to inadmissibles. US no-fly list includes people with legal right to enter US.
Preparing #Google documents in regard to a #JW I've been having talks with over the last year. Getting down to the nitty gritty.
Thanks Rachel, we had tons of fun!
to me you are not worth a shit
what are the riots going to be like on Vancouver tonight?
Stay classy Arizona fans....
Dallas, Micah and Paula were great, now excited to head home and get to work!
to promote your own agenda.
@ awesome name!!! thank you so much!! :)
the new David Edelstein over here
Here we go again.
I wish I were a teen in the late 60's and 70's.
what does that even mean?
Guess who's going to the Luke Bryan and Jason Aldean concert in August ?
In one ear and right out the other...
haha very funny lol and i have a craving for bean & cheese burritos RT me too:( I want three tacos and a chicken quesadilla
Just us this time, I think. I made it to 1448! #1k1hr <-- I don't know about you but I had to rip the words out today :/
U.S.Department of Defense 2009 demographics report:More than 1.7 mil children w/parent in the Armed Forces.355,000 of them are 0 to 3y/olds
Just got the final mixes for the new album for Really proud to be a part of this project and can't wait to share it. Very soon!
Thanksgiving and Turkey! Why Turkey? Am having Fish!!
"I can't wait until we're rappers" - Maxwell Riesberg
When have you felt the most safe in God’s hands?
When is it?
I do, and that's a reason for choosing Much Ado About Nothing, even the title says escapism. We'll see if others agree.
Add "Action" to that and you have a winning combination.
glad u liked, we hate mixtape spam also
On Twitter, You can't see how much More comfortable it is! But believe me! IT IS! Lol
I need more followers u follow me I will follow uu
They're just training you to use the Mac App Store to buy apps (enter credit card, make a purchase).
GoodNight EveryOne :P z
Adventures with Arissa after Saturday school(: yea
OMG ON Q100!!
How about you? :)
rookie of the year the over all rating 89
I hate dumbass people I really do. All I know is this bitch better run me and my mom our fuckin money asap or there will be problems.
Hit us up for features!
I miss you everyday idk about
Just a couple of honks to remind us where you are calling in from. I thought it was charming! you did a great job!
maybe I could cook for you sometime :-)
o yeh I liked that too
Happy Birthday!
Oh, Torrance, I can't stand your cheerleading squad,but i love your pom poms,I'd feed you bon-bons all night.
What a day to be alive. What a day to realize I'm not dead.
im going to watch videos of my boyfriend, austin mahone on yt.. ;)
Where is the best city in the world to listen to good music?
Happy 4th of July all!
hii my friend I think
1 out of 4 children has an undetected vision problem that may impede learning! make sure your child gets their annual eye exam!
work sucks
Happy Thanksgiving!
Bad sex is not the same as disappointing sex on
Harden got the choppa in the beard tho
Do all-boys schools have girls bathrooms?
Had a dream that bombs were going off while I was working at the EYC... Everything was blown to smithereens. Everything BUT the EYC.
.. That's what happened in my school too!
Had a good dinner with Jessie's mom and talking about #Ecclesia2012 Oklahoma! I am expecting something powerful! Get ready!
Nights like this I want to drive a-wa-ay!
Just woke up, had some very weird dreams.
5 minutes left!
Hi Lance, we love your site- have stories about lawyers trying to save money!!
Well Dontari Poe get ready to get your ass kicked by Peyton Manning! Welcome to the NFL kid!
yikes. Hope you get outta there soon and all the way healthy ASAP
Whos Ross Morgan????
I've always suspected it, but thanks to that WaPo story, it's official. Mitt Romney really IS Niedermeyer from Animal House.
Uh, Toros...hello???
The super fun music being pumped in by - all you've been wanting to hear. All night long.
So great to see everyone tonight! I think a holiday get-together is definitely due!
I'm just kidding :)
You read my mind! Boycott GoDaddy -- only Internet company that doesn't get the perils of SOPA.
I haven't noticed any graffiti... Where did you see it?
Saw the casting specs for ur new vid. Congrats! Too bad I'm not exactly the Puerto Rican stud that you seek. Maybe next time ;)
thanks for the shoutout!!! Hope to see you all there
you looked so pretty today!
Should say is just for the girls ATM, menfolk neglected unless you are into wearing kitten heels and have a #birkin fetish!
I'm so tired!
I'm one of the working for #Detroit City Love!
Thank you!! :0
thanks for sharing! lovin' it already!!
#WordPress #Tools Comment Twitter SMS Notification – Notifies you of new comments via SMS through Twitter.
Tel Aviv is full of Ficus and Lantana, Date Palms and Bird of Paradise. Pictures coming soon!
Lavoy Allen vs Greg Stiemsma...NBA...fantastic
To my mother, you are the best, you are my hero, you are my strength...I love you so much. Happy mothers day
i wanna see EVERYBODY
This, so much. RT ugly, grimy, scrappy, and anyone's game - which means it is OUR game
#Knicks for Christmas. thanks Santa for bringing the NBA back. Clearly I was on the #nicelist this year
so i just realized that half of my bras are a complete letter size too small.
Hey!! I am just reactivating this account!!! Promise to keep posting more often!!!
AGREED! Great tour.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
yup yup! Hahaha it was awesome! :P
Sad now :(
What are you doing on Thanksgiving day?
Wondering what smells worse... Cigarette smoke, or the cheep perfume I spray
Didn't realize that they were making The Perks of Being a Wallflower into a movie. Not certain how I feel about that...
That proud moment when you show someone a picture of Austin or Justin and say "That's my idol" , then tell them all their achievements <3
I'm coming up on 10,000 tweets & I know I'm about to miss it. I'm dedicating it to the cookies from Penn Station in advance. s/o to those.
Rose Bowl bound for the Badgers!! Woohoo
How old would you be if you didn’t know how old you are?
And now, the Denver Te-boys Choir with their rendition of "Silent Night"
The money that I'm makin I don't see it like I'm blind...
The #1 cause for antibiotic prescriptions in the US is ear infections.
why!?! You're amazing!!!!! Never give up!!!
your funny
GOOD AFTERNOON all of
It was a stone solid groove We should do it more often. Enjoy J and 's baby opossum stew!
Dont miss team moto tonight at 9pm on top chef! Lets go , and the team!
Crap. Scottish night in our hotel.
All black maybachs out
i just picked up a pair of prescription sunglasses and got a pair that turn dark outside.
I love running into ! It always #makesmyday better.
Wow, what an AMAZING night. So many great volunteers, so much positive energy, and so many new hot pink shirts. FestiBus 2011 for the win!
Math will be the death of me.
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they always worked for me. - The 5 Point
Good! I'll look for you!
"Listening to my songs is like reading my diary." - Taylor Swift | Taylor Is Our Song
haha just part of you? I'll take it.
may see a bit of that tonight
i can't wait to sleep tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
yeah...what a joke! He's to lazy to be able to stay up with some of those guys!
Wow I can't believe I didn't post something on here this morning :O
Ok. Now, which were the three WORST Super Bowl ads?
Have you decided yet? Are you going to make her call you "Mommy Dearest"
RT : Not crazy. Theater-style lighting for Lakers RT Am I crazy or is the Staples Center lighting different for Lakers/Clips?
Last volleyball game tomorrow . We better go undefeated ! Let's go GHB !
Only going to make it to 6000 today, but they were all on the novel. About the same amount I put into it yesterday.
bubble guts!!!
If I never see a desert again, it'll be too soon.
I appreciate stations that provide silverware & cooking areas for staff (Ovens and stoves are a huge plus too!)
Water in an aquaponics system can be reused indefinitely & only needs to be replaced when it is lost through transpiration & evaporation.
Very yum!
Reseaching the market of research today...
So I did Turbo Fire HIIT 15 yesterday...and it was kind almost easy... So, either I dogged it (but I don't think I did...!) or my...
What the heak is a platonic question??
Left MySpace for Facebook, and now left Facebook for Twitter :) ~ <3
Just finished my first Found Painting/Found Sound/video collaboration project with Plex, and wow, it's amazing!! :D
Headed to McAllen !! See u in a few hours!!
See Our Great Reviews!!!!
your hallucinogenic icon inspires me
Tweet that tweetybird
I ( ) am now carrying on the great SportingKCRT legacy began by I will be retweeting all things
I'd still be up for a call if you guys want to jump on later.
thanks for the rec. I'm dying to go to BsAs! Just trying to decide if we want to pony up the money for the flight.
Maybe this isn't the best time to bring this up, but my idea of hell is being stuck in a room where "Brass Monkey" is being played on repeat
Did you know there's a Cash Cab Chicago now? What do you think of the host? I think she tries too hard to be Ben Bailey. --Kerri
Scary to venture out sometimes when the weather's like this... but we have all kinds of warm-up foods that will make the journey...
great question! The spring Job and Internship Fair will take place March 28 from 1-4pm in Bender Arena
#FF Right back at ya, Let's catch up soon.
thanks for the share
Still got a bottle of Makers w/your name on it!
Thank U So Much 4 Being Our Commander N Chief and Helping So many Millions of People. Always holdin U n Prayer! Congrats2U&Urs
did u get it
Only 1 electric car charge station in half moon bay! Thx Ritz carleton but can't afford ur breakfast :( Want something on Main street
Just read 'em! Nice!
You have to out and see if she says anything..
I use your recommendations in your book all the time and win with hard to deal customer service agents.
Some heavier bands of snow may drop down & give those areas 3-5 inches of snow by morning- reducing visibility & making roads slick.
wasn't talking to you, quit smoking so much and you wont be so paranoid
Thank you!
I wonder how many times someone was about to talk to me but decided against it because they felt awkward...I do it all the time.
same! Warped was when I fisrt saw them! It was childhood dreams come true! I wanted to go to Canada when they were with ATL
im gonna be cocky for a moment. i have one of the best twitter names. >>> fux wit me
what's darker 5% or 20%
got dirt on local pdx celebs you want investigated or exposed? i'm your chick! email me
Is under utilizing LinkedIn. In some cases I feel like I am not working hard enough when I am socializing online. Sorry, but this is an att…
Christopher in trouble
What TF is really goin on here... The
slowly realizing I read way too many blogs. It's a sickness
Come on #BBN I need some happy birthday tweets
just need some cooling off in my tent. Like 90 degrees up in here in the afternoon. Can't sleep in that...
listening to Trivium for the first time since I saw them back in march. they're really fucking good.
you basically go to bed hoping it won't happen, then it happens and you pray someone will hear you scream and wake you up so you can breathe
Having the pleasure of watching Jonny Lang sing a brand new song "I Don't Want To Know The Truth"! Gorgeous!
Respect & value other human beings. Many people that I know (and myself), get a sickening feeling when we hear people speak of 'miracles'.
holy smoking cattle it sho is hot out there in the pasture! now come cool you hoofs at the cow! Giddy Up!
HI LADY!!!
Rt : Me: "Dawg I gotta show you the #slightwork progress!" *pulls out recent photo of abs* Big Sis: "That's day one?" #damn"
hate being alone#Temporary though
Twitter turns 6 today - I joined on March 6, 2008 (more than 4 years ago) when did you join?
Organizing admittance into some gifting suites for Oscar Week. Thankfully, they know & love her! Go #BlackSwan!
thanks for the Beach House listening idea on #spotify. Good stuff for a monday morning.
Rachel is in Chicago and nobody told me! Rachel, I'd love to buy you a beer while you're here.
hey Im an artist livin in la for the last 10 years...I gotta say I like your honesty and carefree personality!
for sure brother!!
I love those immature moments, where all you do is laugh and be stupid...
umm and who in world are u calling girl u ain't my mother retard
OMG we lost another legend, a disco legend, Donna Summer :( wtf
it's great to see you on Twitter! :)
how much for a feature?? I'm in vegas so I'll pay u upfront
RT On this date, Meet the Press moderator and ultimate #Buffalo Ambassador, Tim Russert was born.
Spring Break Needs To Hurry Up...
Ha take them back, i never sold them so ill throw them n the mail..
Movies aren't lying...visitor chairs at the hospital suck! Tomorrow I'm bringing a portable stadium seat.
I'm all panicky hoping for 49ers so I don't deal with stages of grief from
Emmys are on tonight :)
Really enjoyed last night's meetup. Great people and great conversation. Looking forward to the next event.
is it just me or is this kinda awwkk?
Now that I'm a year older (and wiser), I've decided I no longer need validation and affirmation as a person. Who's with me?
A sense of humor makes a girl beautiful.
i mean is there an invite/event website/press release? all i have is kate's email
What a great blog...really liked your "How Not to Get Promoted " blog. Sounds like you are a wonderful success!
I LOVE Siwon Oppa! I claimed him a few days ago. *kekeee~*
where do you listen to it ? :( cant find it :( .
I was ready for American Idol and all I got was President Obama. Why not take the place of some other show?
Ahaha! Shut up, Mike! But yes, by halftime we started to do a number of activities.
cool picture on ur page there.....u goin to the concert?
Handicapping tips coming up from our !
hang tough.. one day there will be no more school. :)
ok. why do you love me? how do you know me from?
Great Methods For Choosing The Right Website Design Computer ...
Paul "The Truth" Pierce has one of the best step back jumpers in the game.
RT : Dear Las #Vegas #LVIMA members...the Board is meeting now :) LOTS being discussed for the greater good of the organization!
Wow! You are really pretty<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> &You have an amazing voice!
Just found out that supposedly the song "Wow, I can get sexual too" was written about a girl in Dujarie.
nun kid hangin' n bangin' sup witchu? how u been sonzio.... lets kick it soon, u no. like the old days
I love it mostly because I first saw it on SYTYCD.
LOVE THIS! I watched DJs posed this last week. Such a blessing to my spirit. Peace family
Did you know that by 2017, there will be more people 65 and older than there will be kids younger than age five.
Let Doris talk more!
what it do plair?
Conservation is a state of harmony between men and land.
If you want a DM to Austin Mahone, Alex Constancio & Justin Bieber, then follow & tweet me 'DM' when you did!
LOL. And so it begins .... Tarot Nova deck, huh? Will check it out.
Thanks JP! RT So far I've been attracted by diaspora, hypothes.is and terry kath. I fully expect hypothes.is to be funded
Early Birds for The EC4 -& we know there will be several landing ahead of the 5:30pm start because of Spring Fever- will get a special treat
What? I don't even have a personal account that tweets. This is just to troll and follow to keep up on news.
just released new version - supports Firefox 3 and IE 7 or lower! The internet seems to be passing this cloud company by.
I kinda wish I was going to drake now.
Was that a compliment despite the fact I just "hacked" your account? Nicest guy ever?!?!
Watching the Luck of The Irish!!
Season 7 airs tonight!
1st game and can't wait! No ABQ hats yet so we'll be the only couple there with TB Rays hats on;) Come say hello!
i voted at least 30 times! i should get a follow back :)
too bad it's not in LA!
Watching the end of the Brewers game at Potawatomi. Crappy, the game is now tied.
That one drives me crazy too!
Im so glad I dont share a room cause right now Im just rockin the fuck out to Reptilia at 4 in the morning. Who needs sleep? :)
But maybe he will..
Thanks for following
There really should be a Chinchile day
If you act like a rock star, no one can tell the difference :)
So that was an interesting experience.
You go, then I'll go
Genre TV's ode to teen alcoholism
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
@ today's workshop, Lauren highlighted recent Syracuse grantees & #warof1812 www.nyhumanities.org/grants
Hello to you!
come penes .l.
LOVE YOU
love the avi
I pay bills, therefore I exist
There's something about FONUTS that makes me wanna be a fat kid!!! This shit is incredible!!!
Today in 2003, Martha Reeves performs "Heat Wave" with fellow inductee Bruce Springsteen at Detroit's Comercia Park.
"The Defenseless Defenders"
Praying Jeremiah don't kill me on the way to this delivery. Bitch drive crazy-ah than I do!!!
your website isnt working=/
Im across from for our company indecency training. Seems ironic...
RT : #FF RT : Girls who say "I hate drama" can usually be found drunk and crying on a public toilet.
Shabbat Shalom, Amy.....Rest in peace, tortured, beautiful soul...
Great! Is there somewhere I can drop them off for you Friday or should I send them home w Jacob or Karah? Excited to see you!
That's my biggest problem, that school has been almost completely divorced from learning. Now it's just certification
Solo date - an embarrassment of riches. Loved Steiglitz's photo collection and new American Wing.
love the pic!
oh, hey there, twitter. it's been a while.
good morning to u too, do have a good ond.... Your talking about your X?
Sandy Cross plays at the Palm Beach par 3 which is a short 2700 yard course
nope everyone is laime!!!! I know where Belgium is I'm a history teacher lol
fabulous. I will see you all in a few hours
See me as music and the things I say I only talk the truth
nope, but I don't like suspecting everything
if he cared about lgbt rights we would have them. Wake up. Obama only uses lgbt rights as a tool when needed.
and as midnight strikes, again i find myself just STARTING my work lol
Stupid ass !
Acting class tonight
Happiest of Holidays to everyone! Hope you had a wonderful day!
I get to see my husband tomorrow.
Just posted a big Minerva update! Final ticket prices, free ticket contest, and stage lineups w/ set times. www.minervamusicfest.com
Every once in a while, Glen Campbell's "Wichita Lineman" comes out of left field and sweeps your legs completely out from underneath you.
If you want a google + invite please leave your email
i wish more guys were like that, the world would be a much better place.
follow back?
16 Championships? Is this counting YMCA league as well?
EL VIDEO QUE NO QUIEREN QUE MIREMOS !!!
RT : I hate being bi polar. Its awesome.
In spite of doing laundry approximately as often as Penny on BBT, I seem to have too few socks and undergarments. More shopping is in order.
ok, whatever
Final is Friday May 11th. Paper is due the 24th or 25th...as in next week.
it's a 1-0 game dude
Last I knew, those had been taken on by Ally & dispersed to auction. From there, who knows?
so why are you tweeting???
You owe me 3$ for this used 2012 dvd.
My pleasure! Saw you speaking during the event the other evening. Looked like a great event!
So reading plus put their history on ther website and it's show the creators yea not so smart... Because now we know who to kill C:
Anybody want to pick up a shift for some assbaby who has to go to prom tomorrow? Not trying to close alone. *yells at no one*
“: congrats, very cool!”>>>>>Thanks my friend! Hope you have a wonderful week. Hugs! Q.
I'm sure that is it. I said we were unhappy with ATT and went over why and he spent ten minutes refuting. Ugh
check out my upcoming master classes in Cordoba Spain Festival 7 - 10 July, 2012 not on their website yet but coming soon!
enlightening you to how deep of a person I am by hanging on the wall decorative surfaces that came out of nowhere for no reason
on the last DLF Aquifer Metadata Working group conference call.... all thanking each other and wishing we could share a beer....
Reasons for switching to Google+ from Facebook. 1. Your parents aren't there. End of list.
Inspired by #ASTD2012, I'm collecting &sharing LearningTransfer best practices. Plz tweet your suggestions using hashtag
Mind Control
yeah im okay no worries :) thank you tho
What it do homie
RT Once a word leaves your mouth, you cannot chase it back even with the swiftest horse. - Chinese Proverb
yea thats it haha i just didnt like it, i missed canisius
. "It"just posted 4 more tweets. Want to 'chime in' anything about that? #Opwatch #NYPD Spam
Tomorrow it's on! the night club 2 party @ is open only
In session on Good Stories Hidden in the Archives
Thanks 4 follow :) We work w/TC & NYC locations on their social media advocacy + great connecting w/Roch Area too via Twitter
Braves with 3 runs in top of 9th to take 2 run lead. Still batting with 2 men on.
yes! it looks like they're flying underwater. i've always loved watching something swim thru the school of fish.
Congrats!! One step after another!
Thanks, Chris. Looking forward to seeing you guys soon.
Why's it take forever to do homework, but time goes by so fast when you're on the Internet? Shoot, man.
I can't believe it.
Player images are back on websites!!! Yay! I know is happy.
Sunday's bad weather did what the Red Sox couldn't do all weekend: stop the New York Yankees...
That moment in life where your body is completely numb and you don't feel like moving. <3
They put mics on you during a sleep study? Can I get a shout out?
#MyWorstFear is not being succesful and failing at something im working so hard to accomplish
When I hear new sound it's more refreshing then any snapple on the market!!!!
hey seen i need to talk to you about something important please reply to me
Thanks for the RT and awesome blog post Jen! :)
Kinda bored with the internet.
Getting Married? View my website to view my sample pictures at www.myspace.com/constantephoto Hope to hear from you soon
life is hard wen u doin shit by urself yea a lil help but hey gotta do it.
I have started a habit of saving to comp, desktop, jump drive and THEN email to myself and hubs work completed. Write on girl!
i hate when ppl say that this country was built on Christian principles. Actually it was built on religious freedom.
good idea!
12:00 am wow more time to live with.
Who Is Ashton Kutcher ’s New Gal, Lorene Scafaria? (PHOTOS) The world is buzzing about Ashton Kutcher ‘s new gal pal, screenwriter Lo
I hear I'm missing a mothaeffing incredible weekend of . Good for you: You haven't missed it. We're extending. So there.
"Walk In Our Shoes" program allows others to experience the nursing profession by shadowing a University Hospital Nurse for the day!
Apparently dancing the cabbage patch, lawn sprinkler, mower makes your kids think your crazy. Like I was the one eating dirt this weekend :)
How have I not heard Say Something by ?! I need too !
This is becoming my favorite sports story of 2012 RT : Rizzo on Hamels: "It was a gutless chicken shit fucking act." So great.
A trophy from the Shogun of making it rain Whether it's churchs, libraries or bingo halls he's done it, thank you sir
--> MT : I've know a long time. I'm saddened he would embarrass himself like today with his comment about Obama.
how's here Gumball? have yet to try that one.
I knew it... im not listening to yo favorite bitch no more lmao
Had an exasperating day today. Had a patron scream at me at the circ desk because she claims she returned 6 items and we don't have any.
Just be real & do your own thaaang.
not yet we're stuck out on a detour about an hour left to go
I feel so old talking to college kids
We'd love to have you anytime!
#KatyandRussell are getting a divorce!? Oh well, she could do so much better than him. He's disgusting lolol
Rip Donna Summer <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
The fans are going to be murderous in Pittsburgh/Denver tonight if this keeps up. As a Packer fan in Pittsburgh, I think I'll stay home.
OK me go away now. So sorry. Love you long time. -Out, W.
“One's dignity may be assaulted, vandalized and cruelly mocked, but it can never be taken away unless it is surrendered.” Michael J. Fox
It's so hard to dress spring trendy with this hot ass weather.
And as expected just killed it on our show...Totally reasoned on all sides of Bo's failures, the rule itself, and the media
Poor you, poor you. Stop whining before I find a moose to headbutt you. I hope is up for it. XD
Three days from the Sun trine Mars direct. Then we are off! :)
thank you for noticing!
YES B's for everyone!!!!
Our consulting centers on collaboration,strategies,delivering the expertise you need to achieve concrete, measurable business results
Just doing the do, tonight is Yolanda with HM Managements birthday at Plan B on Broadway
we're not Chiropractors we are manufacturer. sombraUSA.com
It's poppin' at the Hudson River Café right now. Get off at 125th (west side hwy). 133rd & 12th Ave. Say Linx a the door for reduced adm ...
Lol RT : Please let the packers win! I don't need my boss ---> in a shitty mood for the rest of 2011! Thanks :-)
Goodnight. Hope tomorrow is a better day.
"I just wanna be alone with you here."
Got addicted to selling drugs, marijuana and coke....mama, she washed her hands, and let me go
Starbucks and inglorious bastards #hellyes!
Quotes from Jackson's "The Letters of Sicilius" (1795)
if anyone has an old 3gs or something they won't miss, let me know. i'd love to take it off your hands. at&t.
New Exclusive Instrumental Available Send Music To lezalemusic
I'm hoping you're home by now :( please dont hate me lol
"Enjoy 4 rich, melt-in-your-mouth pieces for a modest POINTS value of 2." Lisa Thomas, Senior Copywriter
ROTFL at those BI comments!
It's my opinion that every actor should see all the Oscar contenders. If, for no other reason, than cocktail party chat.
Why are they called unisex bathrooms shouldn't they be called bisex bathrooms? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00BD>
“: The day is never promised. It is only what you make of it.”
Isn't that picture great! Makes me want to read all the books nominated for the Booker Prize!
We’re proud to be an Official Sponsor of the Annual Earth Day Charles River Cleanup. 3,000+ volunteers will pick up trash along the river.
OMG! SKIN&BONES IS PLAYIN IN KOHLS!
This is worth about a million bucks....already thinking about several items! What do you think about the cart?
Congrats! I just had one today to!!!!! :D
I didn't look beforehand last year (my 1st meeting) and was completely overwhelmed!
Not quite sure what to make of this, other than, I suppose...
Trivia tonight at 9pm! Come get your smart on with quiz masterblaster Dustin
BIG DAY! BIG DAY! Were giving Free Edibles away Today, 3 patients California Residency The 3 next messages I get, you win!! 3 lucky winners!
what's the deal w the Shaq Party???
We are at $11,690! But DECA students are idle and we need the phones to ring. Please call now!
and you didn't tell me!?
You can't be what U wish to be,Why are U angry when others are not what U wish them to be?
can't i please just find a nigga who aint w/no drama ...
Vitamin E could damage bone tissue, study suggests
beautiful night in Las Vegas
Never had port of subs. I just hate how JJ's has all their meat pushed to a side..then lettuce. I do love JJ's too but yeah
Wow. Very relevant guest. Who's booked next week? Joe Nedney? Gary Hogeboom?
Just spent the last hour creating my first real infographic on Tx school funding I'll share it with you as soon as it's proofed, etc.
It's really important that as legislators, we don't just recognize what we do, but also the movements we can create.
Hold up... You with the limp cock pic, you're trolling? On AdultFriendFinder? There are no words for your level of fail.
It's been a great day, I just hope it doesn't end with me getting drafted by the Browns somehow.
in Orlando. It is Buffalo Wild Wings. Always right at a 100 Cat Fans.
its about freaking time the students show up to a game
Females need love.Not love as in compliments. I mean the unconditional love when others dont matter Reply Retweet Favorite
On a quest to convert my backyard into a multi cultural bird hostel. The blue jays, doves, sparrows, & cardinals need some diverse friends
Today has pool day written all over it. If the sun would only come out!
very. Apparently the scientist whispered to Rick "were all the walking dead". And I know who dies next!!
I HATE Chelsea LOL they're too overrated. Arsenal Gunners forever <3
RT : How come I can't get reception in my house, yet a terrorist can upload a video from a cave in Afghanistan?
Looking young does have it's downsides. I get carded every time I order something not on the kids menu.
Business in the front party in the back maybe I was wrong was my outfit really wack?
Keeping them? =)
If hes straight then why do I catch his eyes lingering on me longer than they should? Why did he say thay if he was still bi he'd date me?
Happy new year from the ladies of BHBP! Start off 2012 fresh with a new piercing!
Im BalliNG Bitch !!!
I hope it rains tomorrow <U+E330><U+E331> <U+E00E>
Sadly I'm not gonna let anyone know the title until its promoted. But don't worry. Those other titles will still be coming up :)
you are my best #drawsomething Friend!! hahaah We're pretty awesome!
; who's getting them right !?
guys this is my twin bro! New to this! Give him a follow! Much love<3
RT As long as you're happy i'm happy
Love is measured by your level of sacrifice, not your level of enjoyment. -Tony Evans
Latin, Jazzy and VERY get-your-ass-moving house...
Political pundits clueless. To win, Obama must reach out to FoxNews fans & get them to understand the real facts & figures on the economy
Which obstacle will stop you from investing in real estate? a. No Money b. Bad Credit c. Limited Income d. Fear Post your answer
I'll see if I can make it out there. Sounds like something I'd dig.
Happy First Day of Fall #Milwaukee & #WestAllis , its looking to be a Beautiful Day!!!
That akward moment when '<U+0648><U+0645><U+0639><U+0644><U+0645><U+064A><U+0646><U+0643><U+0645>' adds you on Facebook.
Oh the beach at night is so nice.
Me in a public bathroom *takes picture* me in the movie theater *takes picture* me at the beach *takes picture*
I can't tell you how many times I've clicked on links with title "Good, Bad & the Ugly" only to find out it has nothing to do with westerns
RT : "Anyone who angers you, conquers you." Sister Kenny // Brilliant!!! and from one of the bravest children's activist of the day!
no you talk to me lol
you're very Welcome. We are proud of you!
In transit to #PopTech2011 Looks like stellar start. Tag worth watching.
Lol. Well the reason why Nasa is going the way it is now is cuz of bush era policies which pretty much cut all their funds
your #FF prefaces = the best. I am left equal parts confused + flattered
I miss ya too..what u been up 2!? RT : I miss my teeta bug
#ColumbiaCity makes the cover of #SeattleMagazine as one of the 11 best #Seattle neighborhoods. Yay for our wonderful burb!
Still tryna wake up it's super early, but the grind don't stop! G'morning
My process. When I am looking to slove a ineffective mental behavior. I go very negitive, then I solve it, and never deal with it again.
I've been waiting all day for you to call me baby!
Because they're raw! I'm washing the shirts and wearing one tomorrow!
Seconded. RT : is on a roll right now with his stream o' #whatif #ows provocations.
follow back ?<3
No lie.
King's X closed their tour with a bang! Now watching the roadies set up for Accept!
Hello to YOU. Thanks for the follow.
Same here. Will you RT me?
Going home today. Spring break is nearly over guys :(
my first marathon was the paavo nurmi in hurley, wi -- a race that's as beautiful as it is hard.
The supersonics would be proud
Via grustle: grind & hustle A spec sh out to #Grizzlies getyour #grustle on It's not over!
Freaking amazing, can't wait to see a documentary on the trip, Cameron really walks the walk!! When is he going to the moon??
you little slut <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Damn it's hard having a vagina.
Fast five is seriously my favorite movie
You can often guess a man's programming language of choice based only on his facial hair.
any bad habits we should know about?
What would you do if your boyfriend's ex still had sexy pictures of him on her facebook? 222-9800
Who's Blogging What: 2010 Facebook Page Marketing Guide
Ice cream :)
Ridiculous that they appealed...criminals
RT : I can't wait to have vocal lessons with the amazing :) yay!!!!!!
Went and saw Brokeback Mountain. Pedicures are really good.
Happy Arts Advocacy Day! Share with us why and how you support the arts!
What are your thoughts on the #FacebookIPO? Will it further the reach of #SocialMedia?
ITS HOT
Had a great delt training session with friend and Sheru Classic Team member Neil Hill. a learning experience ever session
funniest comedian out there. Been sayin it for years, glad you're getting your due.
Its time for me to head on over to desert breeze park.
This is my tweet about the AP test this morning.
I hate follow limits!
so I kind of just dyed it again and its really dark brown lol
Also applies to those of us from Pittsburgh. Everyone also hates Pittsburgh. Whatev. We win stuff.
Don't sheep... It's not about a tittie cover of a mag or marriage. Bahhhhh....z.
If I could text right now, it probably would read "Sprint Sucks"! But they still have the best plans!
TOWIE and a cuppa perfect relaxing sunday night! Cannot wait for an exciting busy week!
Our office will close for Thanksgiving from 3 PM on Wednesday through all day Thursday. We will re-open on Friday. Happy Turkey Day!
TGIF! Happy Friday the 13th! Stop by the office and get a free scary movie.
Facebook Friends! We will be removing our friend account at the end of May! Please like us on our page to stay in touch!...
Special Pioneer welcome to -
Awesome best actor The Artist
Your the BEST! Your a star that will always shine bright inside & out! God Bless you, Much LOVE! xoxo
There's nothing like the sound of new strings!
would be nice
The first heartbreak is the hardest.. Until i find another guy to make up for it :)
Sadly, it overlaps I gotta be there.
Joe Just Said I Should Be His Girl. Lol, *Jamila Gets Weak Inside*. Too Bad Huh?
tell him to quit screwing the other team
I'm fucking over it!!!!!!
"you dont need a boyfriend to make you happy"- best advice ive heard in a VERY long time
Mind the Gap! James Greathead is our beard of the day! Greatbeardsofhistory.com
Love the early Ride EPs, too. Love.
Singing is so much harder on a Sunday morning when one loses that extra hour! Happy the evenings will be lighter now though :)
it's awesome
Congress being assaulted w/bags of money from lobbyists. Hard to remember voters & oath of office when sitting on pile of cash.
Thanks Kevin Jefferson and The HDM Group, LLC for designing my new website. You guys are the best. Need a website? Check them out.
and me are going to rob a bank;)
Drawings to HTML? hm :)
George Washington, mainly because I want/need to rock a powdered wig!
follow me back :)
Thanks for the Retweet!
You can't change the past. But you can ruin the present by worrying about the future.
Looking to get some 'professional' promo pics this weekend. Will post new sexiness soon.
Let's do this beat them #LakerBitches !!!!!
Well, well, well ... 3 of my favorite people on this earth. Where do I begin?
Just checked out of wright quad!!
Enjoy 22% Off EVERYTHING For Earth Day! Use Code: ZAZZLESALE22 Ends Tomorrow!
Haha, totally! Except I've slacked all day so I actually need to get some reading done tonight.
Went to SONIC with Nothing like HappyHour for alittle bro-sis bonding
If I hear one more person say funner tonight I might break something.
Finally goin to school with a fresh cut...
this battle will be fun :)
Will the #ward5se candidate forum be held tonight?
hi! Thanks for reaching out. I was at the event too. Yep you can find our apps at a2binteractive.com More in development too!
Abandoning the food fest in favor of more immediate foodstuffs (eg, ramen)
I'm learning Krav Maga next year to get ready for NOLA. lol
I've meet my ninja stalker once he was a nice guy
This day is really up there on the list of days that should just not be happening
"The role of protector is fundamental to the success of all other roles a teacher must take on in this career." -Mary Kim Schreck
Don Tate & Greg Neri discuss how to motivate minority males to read this afternoon @ #TXLA12, 2-3:50 PM. Someone pls. tweet this panel!
well bitch fuck you too and have a wonderful life. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I think I am just happy that NY will be in a good mood when I visit this week.
unblock me you landshark
Thank you to for recognizing #28 on the #ic100!
At work again 363 days till marriage last chance ladies J/K. Way to happy with my boo. Hopefully time flies at work today
thanks for the follow & luv homie
Mark it on your calendar: Feb 8. I'm hosting an Arctic-themed global meal at the UW Greenhouse. Caribou stew and Trifle for sure!
Your boyfriend spend his money on me
what a beautiful day!
hey why did u block my personal
All successful employers are stalking people who will do the unusual, people who think
of course i'm allergic to corn and can't enjoy tito's this weekend. AW SHUCKS
": RT IF YOU HAVE HATERS (( FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW BACK ))" I feel ya
Another great day is in the books :)
A woman must be a real man, not a rag, rag mops must be with.
I hope there were deviled eggs.
yea I'm going to have to invest in a band...I need more goodies for these home work-outs
Denny's straight beez in my trap
Hey baby girl! You stoppin by PDX anytime soon or do I have to wait till August to see you? jw
Watch NBC6 for details and your escape route
Got to ask yourself the question, Where are you now? #JamesBlunt <3
Love catching up with you and hearing about your adventures in the Clara.
At the Field, visitor studies 4 the Egypt exhibit redesign resulted in a great list of stories the curator really wanted to tell.
cool!!! Cali is the spot!!
Beautiful day here in Genesee Country. Perfect for an evening fire, cold Cream Ale and good company.
If there were no bad people, there would be no good lawyers
I just died! Lmfaoooo RT : She still an only on camera hoe. Lmao.
its the downside of twitter and blogging, in my opinion. more stream of consciousness than informative.
Hey the weekend is coming...get out of the pile!!!!! LOL
: / I think your first place from school.. : / i Think..
starting to worry that nova might be the odd man out, especially once pettite is ready. Thoughts?
only thing I do find wierd and getting used to in DW7 is that story mode assigns you characters rather than you picking them.
I think is creeping on his mentions?(: I lovee you(: <3
We just posted a 7 minute video that could keep you occupied for a bit. :) Have a lovely day!
Did u just ask "who's my daddy?"
There is no such thing as true friends anymore everyone is fake af
": Don’t expect someone to stay sweet forever because even the sweetest chocolate has an expiration date."
sounds extra-carb-y.
great to connect with you and L tonight. Cheers for the insightful mixtapological musings!
May 2011 be an upgrade for everyone. It's all I'm sayin'.
Damn will never dm me
That's a wrap!! Thanks so much to our fabulous cast and crew. Keep following us for more behind the scenes updates!
Food all prepped for the week, now time for our team call. Love being a part of something big!
I don't even know what to study right now..
CASINOS IN MIAMI? You've heard the promises. You've heard the fears. NEW MIAMI FORUM will tell REST OF THE STORY Message for info
definitely seen that recently, but was on the go. Nice pic!
Tech for 3 stacks
I hate school
I'd like to see more rapid prototyping in pub industry.Why no author/sales coops? Groupon seems like a sales model. Your opinion?
Better luck next time. The wall map is pretty sick tho. Might have to be back for it
I could see niall and the potatoes. Lol :-)
what time does dat come on?
sure but i dont no how to make it if you wanna you cant use my #imagines =]
I already got my workout in today sister! But I might can handle one of your 5 minute workouts :) haha!
Just setting up my account! Good Times they are a comin'!
Happy Birthday ! You don't look a day over ageless.
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4> started when we were younger you were my - my bo <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4> that used to be my shiiiiit .....
love you holly <U+2764>
do you want just the business fact errors or the wacky political messaging issues? Bushel of both in there...
I'm ready!
I have no idea! How long ago was that?
Hashtag #shorelinedreezy in your tweets and we'll RT our favorites! Let me hear you twitter friends!!
Come and relas by the fire place! Mention the tweet and get 15%. Enjoy!
Lively! Especially today, with new Tinderbox Way edition just out and a new Tinderbox release coming soon.
Sounds good to me! :) I am highly convinced that most writers take their stories from their own dreams! LOL
Was at the set of NY Ink yesterday. Honestly I expected more.
omg man i hope they do (;
we can't all be witty, I see.
just because you have an iphone doesn't mean your cool. Scrtach that you're way cooler. Love you
Now just 750 miles between me and my bed. Riding shotgun with I hope to not be returning to anytime soon
May the Fourth be with you...
thanks for forgetting my hashbrown, #mcdonalds. that's my favorite part.
Off to the Plex of Mercy
What was it. -___- RT : oh I remember now
Ah 2nd cycling class! Ooh the bum is tender! Lol
Hahahah omg no way! That is too funny. I guess he just wants to be himself and doesn't care who knows
can I help you
New YouTube lyric video of our new song "When Words Aren't Enough". Go check it out!!!
You should post photos/bios of your dancers for "Dancing With Our Stars 2012"! It would be nice to "get to know" them pre-event.
just pulled the Harvard card :25 minutes into debate. Helps him or hurts him?
Just saw this, its funny MT : MTV and VH1 talent... all go through social media training program
FRESH OFF WORK (NOT SO FRESH REALLY.. ) HA' IM ALL BOUT THE DINERROO! RT YO HUSTLE! #HUSTLEHARD'
Thanks! We put a lot of thought into the careers section -- we have some exciting things planned for it in the future!
Apparently I should clarify I do NOT think Yi is good.
It wasn't the worst birthday, but it certainly in hell wasn't the best! There's always next year if I live that long at the rate I'm going.
haha that's very true!
Great weekend by Movers Long Island!!! 13 satisfied customers on Sat, 10 on Sun, let's see what today brings..
Thanks for checking us out!
Why no full review on the awesome that is the "Avengers" trailer?
Who wakes up when all the cool kids are just starting to go to sleep? This girl.
Yes, looking forward to it. Tho I did sneak in a viewing earlier....
Long day funfilled with reports, starting research, and still wondering what to do.
so mad had too rest ps3 if u had me as a friend on there add me again my id is still the same thank u
You just have to listen to the good shit. Not the chunti type they play at house parties lol.
I moved some furniture today so that I could have a bit of my dream space right now! What are you doing to prep for your dreams come true?
Watched the little princess with my grams....she's been referring to herself as a princess ever since.
I can see why that would be useful. I'm afraid I don't know, but I'll ask around.
RT : My youngest daughter Sierra Brown will be inducted into the National Achievers Society . We are so very proud. KUDOS!
one OF MY bullies came up behind me and almost cut my hair
i'm doin homework with my dad!
Season finale of The Vampire Diaries...i have my box of tissues, so im ready.
Exactly at 9:53 Ima drink red wine with cheap perfume Nd hold that whisky up high for
"The greenest house is the one that never gets built."
6 papers, 3 finals, and less than two weeks til i graduate from college
don't you have blonde hair alex ?
Just posted "Sketchy". Thanks so much to Steve Savage for a lovely mix. Things are moving along with my album. Just a few more songs to mix!
Please follow on Instagram! Dope ish! And follow them on Twitter !
In Kindergarten, we called it cooties. In High School we call it STDs.
i rather live my life with risks rather than what ifs
The one you posted yesterday about turning friends/business partners into clients was great...
Signal's just fine over here …
We hope to keep bringing you great musicians to listen to and try out! Thanks for listenin'!
its just a square
Car rides get so boring when there is no one to talk to even tho your best friend is right there lmfaoo!!
Everyone make sure to check out #KarminHello today! It's only $6.99 on iTunes (currently holding down the number 3 spot on the chart). :)
I just earned the Glamorama badge on #Yelp!
What is your best feature phone? Samsung Intensity II? Samsung Brightside? Thanks.
No power & my dog ran away.
It's National Nurses Week! Do you have a friend of family member who works as a nurse? If so, give him or her a shout out here.
Windy in Paign country
It's Cold In This Housee .
has interviewed Survivor, Big Brother and Amazing Race players. Getting an interview with would be AWESOME.
Local woman saves weddings, one bride at a time
Hungry hungry hungry.... Make me some food #WOMAN!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B3>
sorry I didn't answer I was at my sister's house- seeing my niece(: I cant go a day without seeing her! Lol its true.
What's the absolute coolest thing you've ever done?
Sorry you are not even close! Ha! Just love helping a #Buffalo #Realtor friend with her #marketing cc:
thank-you!!
Great crises produce great men and great deeds of courage.
Haha right? It's awesome! :)
I have to do homework now ):
Aw! I think shes beautiful no matter what! :D
haha yeah the worst part for me is seeing philly fans everywhere! I hate it! But thats part of living in PA!
BEST.NIGHT. with & <3 They're the BEST dates and seeing made my night even sweeter! <3
Ive been anxious alot lately...... Is that bad?
<U+E023> RT : “: here's to the kids who do nothing on Friday nights because they have no social life.” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Also for the "ACC raid" crowd. BigXII doesn't want to take more than 1 team at a time from a single conf. No bad press for killing a conf.
almost ...You're barkin up the right tree :) what material is that on?
last minute show tomorrow (Thurs) night 9:00 at City Tavern in Dallas. If your looking for a good time we would love to see you out!
MY HUSBAND BROKE HIS ARM . IM CRYING .
That awkward moment when a girl is wearing more makeup then clothes.
one of those very rare tweets.
wants to go to Chicago again.
Who dey..... Come on Bengals we need this WIN. :)
why didnt i think of that haha
exactly right! we're not doing our job, and/or not doing ENOUGH!
#7lessons got my "Internet degree" at Amazon. I like!!
buying reason six for 33 bucks.
So is in the house tonight, be sure to bring your livers AND your dancing shoes.
RT : With Green Bay Packers coming to Grafton today, can finally walk the streets without paparazzi.
My fingers are destroyed to the point that I can't tie my tie... Bleh :/
HAD TO COME UP WITH A SICK ENOUGH REMIX TO ONE OF MY FAVORITE SONGS THANKX TO YOU!!!
A quote ... who said this: "There can be no social justice without economic justice."
searching for a new direction today.. and no I wasn't referencing Glee (this time)
#10FavouriteBands Simple Plan,Three days grace,Guns-n-roses,Good charlotte,A day to remember,Hot chelle rae,Linkin Park,All American Rejects
Michael Bush got paid WAY more than me. Who the fuck is Michael Bush?
Oil companies prob want Obama to take the fall. Repub pusas, w/ no regard for the environment, are for them easier to deal w/.
When you don't have to go to the gym or work, and you can #relax oh wait, whats relaxing??
good luck on your dance show!!! Ly!!
what was the TV van count this morning outside?
In better news, I'm eating chili.
Come on people 6 more followers!!! As soon as I hit 500 I'm gonna post a video for y'all so get to stepping!
GM tweeters!
More like slim, to 100's skinny.
. oh you guys are on Twitter? Sweet
Excited to be a Graduate Assistant for the program next year. I am looking forward to working with everyone. Follow us for updates!
RIP Junior Seau, this Broncos fan will always respect you game!
Please follow They are a new media service located in Seattle and they are fantastic at targeting your audience.
Finally home ... oh Ventura ... you never fail to give us a great time!!!
That's an hysterical analogy!
So I guess my fantasy teams decided to take the week off. Always next week. Can't wait!
“: 551-day-old Instagram is worth $1 billion.New York Times Co.: $967 million.” Paying for it not same as worth it.
I'm on my way to this audition. What r u up to?
Lolol online...in person...doesn't matter! Don't do it! Lol
HOLY FUCK, I WANT YOU SO BAD.
I listen all the time actually, and am much the wiser because of it!
Also a pleasure to meet you!
i know you'll been waiting the documentary is officially out so watch it and tell your friends. this is 2 months in the making.
Game 1 #NYRANGERS vs #NJDEVILS 8pm! Where are you watching the game? Come to and watch it on one of our 30 flat screens!!
Even if the Heat win this series, if Bosh doesn't return healthy this will be another bust year.
#museweb, yes I can see how this could consume some. i've noticed more 'heads down' staring into phones lately rather than looking around
Almost done getting the new and Improved Triskelion Sociity Shop up. Limited edition coffee mug will be for sale.
you were in drag? Pics?
Probably not going to help me if I have a bengali client though... gotta work on that social work bangla.
SO NFL HAS FINALLY CRACKED ITS WHIP ON THIS BOUNTY BULL GOING ON.
You could almost say he knows nothing.
Prosopography, the study of relationships between people. #nfais new word for me.
thanks so much. Always tough stories and thanks for being our one viewer!!
oh & I'm thinking of Vegas for august but I liked Miami <U+E404>
feeling restless....
Stay with the music..let it play a little longer. Happy Thursday!!!
yeah I didn't read it til after I tweeted you
Finally decided to try this whole tweet thing out...
test the market by throwing it into a upscale burb. Expand into the city after? Either way I'm blocks away from C-Hill come June!
Dear Santa, I got a sled for christmas... does that mean its going to snow? :)
RELATIONSHIPS DONT LAST BECAUSE KIDS ACT LIKE THERE GROWN UM BITCH WE SUPPOSE TO ARGUE
And just stop this ridiculous Matt Flynn talk. How can a guy who has played in 2 NFL games command big money? How did Kolb work out for AZ?
hey was my pleasure! Great to meet you tonight!
Check him out to get interesting Colliers Related updates...
harry and niall.(:
Hanging out with friends today and will try to play online poker at the same time. Worked out last time, see if I can do it again.
Celebrating Joy's BDay tonight! 29 years young <U+E34B> and still queen of the house<U+E10E>
great food! Thanks from me and ! See yea soon
Then what's the point of being in upper management?
yay! Where are you off to?
does #BiRite ice cream travel well? I think it can make a trip across
Birthday is 5 days. Gonna be on the wrong side of my 30s.
Really? RT In Mercer Co high schools foreign exchange students aren't allowed to graduate so they wont outshine local students
I hate Wednesdays
no one yet. Still not got the working part of my visa. Thought I might try and meet some Chicago peeps in SM/digital whilst there.
No Apologies ; thanks
I Am That Too
Tony Harris is a member of the CeBIT escape committee today. A good thing! The public sector workers are on strike and no trams! Viel Spass!
Zotero is amazing, and (imho) should really be taught to high school kids for citation skillz, since it's so easy to use.
Who was your favorite professor and DBU? Tell us!
I love kayleigh grubbing she is awesome!
More than 12,700 licensed medallion taxis work the streets of New York City.
I woulda Cussed that sheriff outif I was Homie! Racist Sheriff
Usa-hill-bility: a podcast in which I perform usability testing on people from the deep south
Who's everyone pulling for at Doral this week? My money is on Keegan Bradley. He's a grinder
Oml, I want Denny's!
thank you Trice! It's soo good<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
sounds great! we are back late Friday night. Maybe Saturday?
RT : #SunTalk: My mother is the best because _____. // she made me believe I could do anything.
Great, I really appreciate it. We have some exciting changes coming very soon that I think many #SLPs will love.
the southeast beast!!playa came up since his hs days frm clear brook! Glad 2 kno true talent came frm tht school!!
Thank you for the mention! Enjoy the rest of your week!
Happy Friday everyone!!!
where is lunch today fam
Festival of the Chariots. India pride in Venice
Its a nice day in the mill
Social Media Tip: A “dead” Page reflects poorly on your #smallbusiness. Make sure to update your pages consistently. (From our new #FBeBook)
Happy Friday the 13th!
Without regulation a #dog feels lost and baffled about his role in the pack
tomorrow will be an attempt at the Love Sandwich. Just read the article and can't wait to pick fresh basil and hit whole foods ! Thx
1MONTH OUT OF T.D.C. AKA "STATE PROPERTY" AND READY TO GET ON IT, BUT IN DO TIME AND THAN ITS ON FO'REAL FO'REAL, PATIENCE N FAITH T.Y.L. G.
RT : Love great infographics? Check out this awesome video infographic on the local web from the folks at
Packerseverywhere.com. Join the Green and Gold where ever you are. Love the fall season .
what up? U back from hollin' @ the St Lunatics? Ha
are y'all gonna be in FL next month?!?! Come thru!
Good idea. Anything,..we do demands mobilization. We are trying.
The rest of them better wear helmets
my last move is to Unfollow you;)
and you photo's are up to the time bout yo press like on a few of tyme tomorrow
Throat feeling scratchy.. cold coming on? Man I hope not.
#TIIP4P Matt Donovan: survey shows user-generated content is low in engineering/manufacturing
Can we please get #thingsSimonBorgthinks going? I think it could be entertaining.
looks like fun!
if you do you'll see me;) lol get it? I'm his chin? Haha.
ALERT...Stay away from any emails, etc.. from an outfit called BookLode. They are falsely soliciting under 's name ...BEWARE
Well, there are a few more names on my list but difficult to say ALL Susans, Barbaras, Diannes, etc : )
Welcome back and welcome -- lots to uncover here (and lots of tools from to do it)
knowing good and well you sleep lol
8 more followers! Almost there! Love yah guys!
Happy National Day! What are you doing to celebrate?
aw shucks we're blushing now
you mean the one that triggered that wreck yeah we saw it
Low scoring games all around baseball today.
This RT : I wanna babysit Sean Preston & Jayden. And we can play Just Dance.
Unfollowing the boring peeps now.
Sigh. Poor JVS.
I love you. I'm sorry. Can you be my friend again?
Resting for work in the a.m #$$$
who is your publisher? I would love to carry your book in our French-inspired shop in Little Washington, VA.
- thnx for following
vas' happening dude
Last month our users crawled 1,574,019,850 web pages and spent 4.6 CPU-years crunching data
This Burger king at always messing up my food I don't even feel like going back in there
lol yo!!!! im so tired need school!!!!!!
guys!! on vyrt in 14 days r u ready?
lol Mitt vs Newt! Let the poop-flinging begin! Then let the only real candidate on the stage speak :)
RT : Rodgers previously said he'd drunk a vodka mixed w an energy drink which contained banned stimulant methylhexaneamine
Hey, thanks for the RT, Raven.
Everyone, don't panic. Before Collin left, he had a romantic dinner with me and told me he can't imagine leaving my sexy self next season.
Just got a letter from Santa. My car is dead. Another $100 repair. Kill me now.
Thanks for the mention, Keith. Have a great day!
The Uptown is a mega-huge screen tho. So your head is whipping back and forth to see all the action. Not good for 1st viewing.
Next year we will
Taking a short break from editing #Rising to stop by ! Espresso froyo with chocolate espresso beans and a side of espresso. -JO
Leaving it at that is deffinatly not going to make me feel any better. I need someone to talk to. Throwing up blood isnt helping either
Anyone out there need wine & cheese pairing advice? Check out in NYC. They also deliver (cheese not wine) !!!
Our challenge: Design game inspired by checkers, w/ multiple ways to win, uses counting, & teaches how to be an organized student
laker game time. oh yes.
Perfect night for a late workout! I've been slackin'.
IT'S AN APOCALYPSE.
I would love to hold your hand. C;
Better after a good night's sleep!
#HotDog Your slump upsets me
Thank you Hirsch!!
If it's out of your control, why fret about it? Concentrating on things you can control is how you make good things happen.
Blahh is just right, but you shouldn't blah you beautiful human being. What's wrong?
so true
The word devil-fecta was used in our offices earlier today. But not in the way you'd think.
Hey baby beautiful afternoon
You're doing everything right but it's still not showing up in the feed. Apologies--we're not sure what to advise
girl, that performance was great for so many reasons
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 82
Nice Seeing You Saturday! (:
Other than Game 4 of the '97 Cup finals vs Detroit, this could be the most forgone conclusion in #Flyers hockey history.
Nope, I dont do any of the ordering. You should take screenshots!
Well after taking a LONG ASS nap...ima try to do my report without distractions...i guess I shouldnt sit in front of my tv :/ lol ;P
bitch I was going to tweet that!
watching network coverage of cain's arcade. completely disconnected. wow.
Passions rekindled #TNWIC Thank you inspiring us all
Bobby Knight has hacked Rex Chapman's twitter account!
Just came back from and our team was Inspired by Steve Kaplan's Seminar Bag The Elephant - Sell Bigger Sell Better - Thrive in this economy
Goodmorning world! :D
Today is World Kidney Day. Celebrate with some extra trips to the bathroom!
My computer would freeze everytime I go to some chick's page who had the playboy glitter shit on there page. So frustrating.
A: Keep it original. Not saying go totally experimental, but somethings are overdone 15 min of people talking about feelings is kind of eh.
Not hatin on u black lung smokers, but why is it that u could be a million feet away and somehow the smoke still hits me!
Yay I got free time! :)
eating cereal bored
I'm so hung over... I'm surprised I got home ok Haha
Thank You!!! RT congrats that exciting! Great job
That AT&T guy was cute..<U+263A>
The Fact that Teammindless are hustling for money at this point in time <<<<<<<<
I hope ur not eating eggs with cheese !
field trip Thursday. woot woot! wait no, im in a group with all the annoying people -__- except 1 person.
Looking for best man speech ideas...
However you approach your article writing, you need to know that you will rarely get it perfect at first.
thanks. I know it was a relatively last minute request.
i hate when i spell shit wrong when im trying to be a smartass in a text :/
Maundy-Thursday @ Main Street Church.... Come journey with us through the biblical stories of Jesus' Passion. 6:30PM, 81 W. Main St., Peru!
#realtime quoting from #drift without mentioning the book. Come on give credit
congratulations from a fellow KY boy and fan! Good to see you boogity, boogity, boogity to the Hall of Fame!
go to what, the cave spring game?
Over 75 percent of people get their news from social media such as Twitter. If your reading this consider yourself informed.
I plan on having a couple of drinks tonight :)
I don't think it should be used at all.
Russ, it takes big design balls to use comic sans
DID YOU KNOW? The Dead Sea Scrolls are, for the most part, written in Hebrew. Some fragments are in Aramaic.
Watching For Colored Girls on my ipod laying on my snuggie in the media center . Lol
Victims of Agent Orange.
"I've been dreaming of a true love's kiss, & a prince I'm hoping comes with this." #cantsleep #enchantedismyfavemovie #hurryuphusband lol
I enjoy that the Bon Iver Workout DVD trailer features a different band's music. Could be tolerable...
Isaac and zeus are treating me to Autre Monde on Roosevelt road tonight. YUM.
Mövenpick Hotels &amp; Resorts perfectly positioned for China success
Including myself, I count 6 comedians at this Devo show...so far... Dun dun dun!
Or rock like a hurricane. RT : Even a small amount of alcohol placed on a scorpion will make it go crazy and sting itself to death
Hansen: 21st century media - tracing a shift from past directed recording platform to data driven vision of the future.
Denver needs another "Smoke Dog" Al Wilson.....Agreed!
Pecoware / Trinket Box with Accessories & Lock, Fancy Butterfly
RT Morning... Everybody have a good day!
Fuck it partying all night. Wii, metal music, Gokaiger, and booze, and great friends
waits patiently for virtual high five....
Heat better win today. Fuck the
If #Tarot reading stopped working worldwide 1 day, as if it were broken, why would this be? Sounds like a good start to a novel! please rt.
been drunk tweeting again al??
Must be Jazz Fest.
having fun watching you guys on USTREAM!!! :D its amazing. FOLLOWW ME?! <3
On Dat IMA DO IT BIG....BIGGER THAN YESTERDAY!!!!
Chilling with the crew
now i need to figure out hair and makeup....
It's really frustrating that we spent the past 2 yrs learning wiki markup only to have the rug yanked from under us.
Heart of the Treasure Valley: Jessica Ross, 8, faces a test of strength - The Idaho Statesman
Good Night i love you :D
The man speaks the truth! RT : "Corporations aren't people. People are people" -- Barack Obama
If I had known that I would fall asleep in the sun, I would’ve taken off my sunglasses.
RT Wat up ««on the way to work wussup
ima kill you
bad girls club in a hour! getting off .. ight bye
I root for the Rangers when I watch baseball, but I'm not an avid baseball watcher. Watched the Rangers more when they were bad. But
lol really that's terrible. I just made my account a couple days ago.
I think I listen to it at least twice a week on the Sirius 90's station....love it!
no problem bro lol
your lips on my lips. jk never
Very cool - Mountain Winery nominated for Best Small Outdoor Concert Venue in US in the Pollstar Awards! We love the Mountain Winery! :)
Oh, the one with the goatee and the tie? That's one I've had for a while.
Dear Algebra, Stop asking us to find your X. She's not coming back.
#IADMIT I'm a bit of a clutz sometimes
Rules are meant to be followed, otherwise they shouldn't exist. Thoughts?
Happy Easter everyone!!! Have a great day celebrating with your loved ones :)
You Gotta Have Hope Sometimes ..
18 hour drive, we 3 students are going to be showing up Tuesday afternoon & promptly either napping or wishing we could. :-)
Good Morning Tweedos!
Depending on your point of view, 343,674 may be a very exciting number. Today at least, it is for me.
congrats to our drummer, Whitey on his 1 year anniversary. Way to go! We are glad to see the meetings are helping & we'll drink to that!
At least she's not jealous #skylerproblems p.s. im not afraid to tag you
6:30 baby still asleep but neighbor is yelling and using a nail gun so not for long.
My dog is obssessed with Big Red.(: HeatherReneeHampton.(:
the beer took a ball, and so should have Headley.
I Love Nick Mara
Yes please. The "hold" music would be putting me to sleep if I didn't have Twitter pals to talk to right now.
#ExpertVisibilityTip: If you make a promise to your audience, you'll be accountable to produce content & they'll start to expect it. Do it!
Blonde boys don't know what they want and blonde girls dont know what they can have
haves teamed up w/ to launch educational gaming site for #k12 &under &homeschoolers.
I'm good. Working hard! And playing hard.
after looking at this calendar ? im a nervous wreck.
In the Dome!!! Let's Go Saints!!! Who Dat!!!!
Currently sporting one of those sore throats you get after drinking coffee from a cup that didn't have the dish soap rinsed off well enough.
I will be with the one I love, with unveiled face I will see Him. Then my soul will be satisfied,
10/4/2010 Putting innovation to work Boston Globe
Daily GTKY question: What is the most comfortable temperature for you?
thanks for following my feed--feel free to follow my academia feed as well >>
Packy the elephant turned 50 today in portland
I'm curious, are you still working on your Apex GNex CDMA ROM? It's been great so far, wondering if any updates are in the works
Nowhere nearby, otherwise I know some good spots!
Hey mama!!! *waving*
I'm tired of grandma and grandpas jank lawn mower
Free Sonic T-shirts if you park in the lucky stall and spend $10+. Secret Stall Hint update-it's either stall #11,12, or 13.Sonic
Currently at Lou Malnati's with the fambly. Suck on that every other human eating pizza tonight!
And it really looks like they're playing scared.
Dear dad- do you find it weird how well martin luther king could remember his dreams? I never remember mine
Yep dallas outtathere
At Genghis Grill getting my grub on. U get to choose your own raw meats, veggies nd sauce to cook on the grill. Very very nice, will be back
Thanks for the RT Peter!
Like I said... I tell the truth not what you want to hear.
"It isn't where you came from, it's where you're going that counts."
Going to chacha for a week straight and see what happens!
Congrats to Steve Pearlstein for his Lifetime Achievement Loeb Award!
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE! HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL
Ohh you fancy huh? ;D
Agh, I'm tired af and have a headache and my dad and brother are nowhere to be found.
A reminder that the 2009 Fairbook has been uploaded to the website! We are also still accepting sponsors! Msg us if you are interested.
haha yeah :p
Its a Good Day
still trying to launch: we're very close!!
March 22 at 3pm SLIS is having a discussion about career options in LIS. To RSVP or get more info send e-mail to .
My mom lives in Coconut Creek. My folks moved out there in 1990.
"Hearing the Beastie Boys speak out against sexism made me feel like if these men who had once sung about getting girls
lol funny story behind that song... Fag <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I'm addicted to McDonald's oatmeal!
This guy's last name is Fuhrer. I bet he's got a lot of nicknames.
metal allergy, you'll have to wear 18k gold. oh no.
Already here.
great times tonight! Thanks for everything!!
Shouldn't have eaten leftovers from last night...
It feels like Winter again here in Nashville
Welcome new follower Glad to have you!
watching the replay of the Dawgs annual kicking of the bees...
Reggie Watts killin' it on Conan.lol
Fill my cup up with your blessings jah when the rain fall on InI house top non stop heart ah luv inna morning yah mi good frens...
Np Shots For Me
Ok, me and are actin a fool right now. "And its not even her birthday"
#TheMostCommonLies I'll never hurt you
So there was a random car on fire on my block....
"Mortar and pestle." "That's what you use to muddle things, yes?" "Is that how you make pesto?" "Actually... YES." Playing
I need help.....I need help. Someone call me. I need to finish this damn song. AUDREY. CUE AUDREY.
day of jumping jacks huh?
Nurses Careers – What exactly Mental Well-being Nursing ...: Having an all-natural health diet can assist you in having control with ...
#YeenBoutThatLifeIf your tweets are protected
Broke up ? do you mean break up..!!
rt RAW512: In need of some assistance this thursday at The Parish. If anyone is free to help us run our front of house, send me a
Power of imagination is what makes humanity distinct from other species. -
could you wish me a happy birthday? It would make my life!(:
It will be interesting to see how long it will take Newt Gingrich to trash the media during tonight's Florida Debate.
Why does think I'm an influencer about Oreos and Latin??????
I thought I sent it... AWOLNATION- Sail... Let me know if that's the one you're thinking of
Listening to Bryan Adams. Reminiscing about my youth.
Hey guy walking into Archibalds at 1 o'clock in the afternoon, I'm judging you.
Thanks to our grad student intern Jenn Fuller for running
E!!!! “: As it stands real time.....1. United 2. City 3. Arsenal 4. Spurs #SurvivalSunday”
#aguyknowshesdatingapersianif she starts putting napkins in his glove compartment
Suit/Smoking PORN! *Flails*
My Winthrop World Tour - wrapping up conversations in NJ. Off to Long Island tomorrow. Looking forward to meeting more great students.
Thanks for the follow. I look forward to your tweets. I'm sure to learn something!
Me and are sitting on the bus cause were cool cats.
U may have conveniently forgotten that BB & Aitizaz Ahsan were in the 4front 2 restore judiciary bt who cares abt that now? :)
another evening, another 1K words to add to the WIP.
Yes. Moths are put on this earth to make us want our mothers. It all makes sense now.
Hi Esha, It was good running into you, and thank you for re-following. Let's stay in touch.
finish this line When I heard you speak yo I damn near cried...
You may now eat the bride...
Was Here
going to eat then get ready fory banquet later
Time will pay for that, right? Also, to make it authentic one of the dishes should definitely be poisoned.
RT : Easy way to celebrate #EarthDay: reuse your grocery bags and donate your 10 cent bag credit to !
Blasting 1D.....YOU ONLY WANT ME WHEN I'M TAKEN
Being responsible and disciplined and healthy really matters
#1DVEVO #ASKREPLY Im there biggest fan because they get me through my hard times.When I want to give up and break down their there 4me
follow me and then I will follow u back :)
Lil Wayne in a couple!!!
Woke up to the smell of fried oreos. Damn you Aileen D':
Seriously, Ladies Rock Camp is the COOLEST camp around!
I have a serious craving for piyya with pineapple and tomato. SERIOUS.
Reading John Dewey's Public and its Problems (1927). It's incredible how little has changed. Democratic process still needs to be reshaped.
Hope to see you there!
Get a copy of "Shakespeare Wallah", a #merchantivory film with a young, handsome #shashikapoor. It's a gem!
Good Morning Denver! 2012 has started off with a bang and OCRA is incredibly thrilled, but there's always more room to save you $$.
One who starts earlier, may become number one.
No they're not. relationships aren't meant to be looked at as miserable or feel like u restricted. and ppl look at them that way now. So sad
I like your blog.
I know the feeling. My girlfriend lives on another planet.
Thanks Devan! We like what you're doing, too.
If birth control coverage = whore. What does insurance covered Viagra make men?
Good job! I think they'll go all the way again this year.
Head out the GRAND OPENING OF THE BRINK this THURSDAY! Free cover and other specials plus Ill be spinning!!...
yea we do
yeah, I sponsor every now and again - some support from big cos would be nice
yes, we're in the process of creating a new site! Thx for visiting.
He going to take my breath away I can't wait chocolate daddy xoxo love ya papi
whats up zach? thanks for following up, we're actually working on the site and we have a shirt that will be up on our twitter soon!
It must've been bad. It's danielle for crying out loud, i'm not suprised that you have to DM me.
a pic of what?
i think the best part of this is you have comics in your office... #just-sayin my boss might not like that.
1 day & 15 hours to graduation!
even after reading it, he didn't really prove his sugar is toxic claim to me. Clearly excessive consumption is bad. not new.
Received a dangling participle from my cookie instead of a fortune.
that makes sense. lol.
You're welcome -- great work!!
People tweet a LOT and constantly. #ctfd or
Sup brotha! How have you been? Just watching the old TSA vid and thought of you and !
follow THA MEJIKANA tell her I sent u!!!
#LastTimeIChecked pictures are to show your face, not your boobs.
Don't allow the opinions of others stop you from moving forward.
That's a clever idea but sewing clothing is tricky!
oh hell nah
<- Now following this beautiful girl <3
Been busy, of late, at work. Still doing good. and you?
If someone hack you e-mail list, does the list itself disappear from your e-mail? Mine just went poof!
Media shouldn't be blamed for pre-mature reporting on #Tebow trade. NY Jets announced the deal via twitter!
Sleep Tight Co. plays at noon in the Beans lot tomorrow!
will look today!
Thats easy. I have the answer for you... STUDY! ;-)
making updates to the website. Stay tuned!
Finally bought the vow!
Outside cats are screaming.
visiting a friend and her husband
A rejection is nothing more than a necessary step in the pursuit of success. Bo Bennett
Look at my snapshots I got of you<3
I feel like Floyd is gonna punch Larry Merchant one day
Glad you like the classification :)
Baby niece's 1-year-old birthday party earlier this evening. Tomorrow, half-sister graduates from high school. And Mother's Day.
Not to complain or anything, but you know when you can kind of hear what someone is blaring through his ear phones? Yeah.
Downside of sharing a kitchen, cleaning up after other people, I think the juice person was here before me making a sticky mess. Ick
good morning thank you for sharing those word about love from one of my favorite chapters in the Bible
Night night tweetie birds
#entrepreneurs Of course I checked email on Christmas.
Wait, what about Beiber? OH... you said MAN and MUSIC - nevermind!
I suggested we DON'T trade for him
I'm missing over 1700 files from my iTunes account because of iCloud and iMatch - look for your booklets
Malaria's far too boring for the hassle. Just ask Now quicksand, bears & crocs make for good reading :)
please retweet repost whatever you can do!!! message below about KLOVE and KRYSTLE!
This weekend is going to be good!
Lunch & shopping con mi padre :)
i agree wiv that..
Damn shame the UNLV / UCSB game wasn't televised, but glad the Rebels pulled it out and completed my 3-team parlay for the night.
Anvemmgers OMG I CAN'T EVEN SPELL IT!!
awesome, except I keep missing Chip!
How cool is this, internet users can view Dead Sea Scrolls on line! Time to brush up on your Aramaic?
What is your favorite thing to find in an Easter Egg?
There is only one way to defeat the enemy, and that is to write as well as one can. The best argument is an undeniably good book.
RT : I know I cant drink for shit. But if there were really a crew competition I'd put my money on Kevin & 3Deep. Easily.
Creative juices are flowing and Andrew and I are working on the cookbook copy!
Messing with the incredible Messing tonight Aljazeera ya there.
nice. how was the trip?
Sometimes kids have to remind us about the things that can't be taught (and must be unlearned).
I'll be there! RT : #sxsw #gestures Come meet the guys behing Minority Report tomorrow! Hilton Salon H 12:30pm
wow I never even knew that movie existed
Good morning to all ...have a wonderful day!!!~
Chase did something!
Really sorry to hear about Lily....
Anyway, GOOD MORNING BABE!! <333
Yep. And Mayweather's stamina and defensive skills are unreal. Hopefully we'll see sometime in the next few years. Lol
Asynchronicity as time control: the more that's pushed off to asynchronicity, the more time available for synchronous
Off to Vancouver, what should I see or do?
well aren't you sweet? :)
I love youu!<U+2665>
Congratulations to our first Jingle Jam tickets winner of the day! If you didn't win this time, don't fret! Try again after 9am!
thanks for the mention
Whos in Littleton That wants to hang?!
waaaah thunder lighting and rain,. this sucks.
Thanks for saying the best degree for a dancer is in Marketing! I agree people are not taught how to sell themselves as a product.
I get and only his tweets to my phone<3
SPECIAL: Bucket of Corona's $25
Indian babies are definitely the cutest
Before I judge I act before I speak I listen before I hate I love before I write I think and before I quite I try
Hahahah the sign we just passed 'What's your favorite sport? Surfing the internet.'
And while you may leave Decatur... good luck getting that smell out. Just ask
We are in Little Rock AR. Electric Cowboy with David Allan Coe
Where the Hotties at in San Diego? Take a look at www.wherethehottiesat.com to find which bars are the most frequented by hot men and women
Don't suppose anyone has some cucumber slices for my puffy eyes. Should have grabbed from martini glass last night.
in small doses.
Innings like this are what happens when you face a lineup that takes pitches. #WhiteSox have far too few of those types of players.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. -Helen Keller
continued: "... visually impaired users access to things that we really didn't have access to previously."
Thanks for the follow Emily:)
and a snare drum :)
me , yeah. Not much going in here. What about the inmate that ran against Obama in the primary in W Vagina
"The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning." -Ivy Baker Priest
Love this one! "Showing a profit means touching something and leaving it better than you found it." -- Jim Rohn
. Follow Me nd Ifollow Yu Back By The A.m So Just Follow Me
First I accidentally cut my thumb with my pocket knife, then I accidentally punch it... How is this possible?! :o
Thanks, we like her! :) we need to do dinner again sometime soon! Are we planning another dinner ?
Blood sweat and tears, homie I'm made of it.
YES!!!! I mean u knew they would be of course;)
RT : The capitalists keep the words locked in academic ivory towers: unlock them, bring them to the streets.
Paper and pencil?? What a foreign concept!
thousands--nay millions-- are. but you are among the first. better pick up done 5 hour.
Oh my god we're doing one of his songs for hip-hop. Thought I'd share that XD
Wow, RT'd by NYT best seller! Honored.
May or may not have stayed up all night working on some new
Agree. Same when Cutler came MT Marshall hasn't played a snap for #Bears & he's already the best receiver we've ever had
Happy anniversary #Fenway - lookin good
happy birthday to you too :D
I'm awake and I'm alive. Morning twitter
so nice to meet you too Miss Fairy Godmother!!!
So tell me, how many dreams did your friends tell you about after they all heard about the MegaMillions winner?
RT on DVD & Blu-Ray: The Grey, Chronicle, and Albert Nobbs After a couple of pretty thin weeks on home video, we've got a good number of
“Wear a smile and have friends; wear a scowl and have wrinkles
caught him slipping... Haha!
Thanks for makin fun of what I love and saying how stupid it Is. That's what I LOVE to hear...
While we in most of North America are basking in a warm winter, Britain is freezing. The fountains of Trafalgar Square are iced over Brrrr
the people in the judicial systems are racist George Zimmerman killed an innocent teen set bail and released Racial injustice Stop it
Stupid girls saying they love my bf more then i do? UM BITCH. HE'S MY BF.
“: New revenue numbers suggest positive economic growth for Wisconsin! We need to continue to move forward.” Divide & Conquer?
i doubt you enjoyed that
I don't know if midge is up, I'm out, EJ will be fine.
"I gave her my other credit card, but by the time she swiped it was too late…sorry father."-
I feel like everyones out there living their lives going crazy and I'm stuck here with the same damn routine. -___- #cravingadventure !!!!!!
no. They're the same color as the top of the bill.
This is the best day ever! Who's with me??
Up way early on a rainy Sat! But heading out w/a smile & a purpose. Why? My Godson's wellness matters! Go
Coming down in sheets in Jackson Park neighborhood. Dog too distracted by lasagna to be scared of thunder...
you'll really like it. It's a hoot!!! :)
Yeah Sometimes...But I Dont Be On That Side Alot
The #Magazine Executive Keynote Panel will begin in TEN MINUTES upstairs in the Astor Ballroom
no you would get a ticket
*sings* There's someone behind you... “: I'm right behind you ”
Afternoon barbecue!
Wow!....Forever live!...Omg Bless you & yours
Sexy ass dude just had to be in college lol
Windows down, music blasting, cruising around after a long night of practice! #thebest #feelingood <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><U+2755><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
Hey please punch in the throat!
What, no link this week OTJ? I'm disappointed.
woke up , and my phone dry af .
loving my orange ones!
This headache is trying to ruin my life..
Nope. I recognized him, though.
No, I am not tired. I just forgot to comb my beard.
I think that the only way to have something is to know the opposite of what nothing is. Food for thought.
you'd think so. but, alas, no.
RT : Best bustout tweet of the WSOP so far.
Uh yeah it actually is too much to ask
history is my best subject! My average last year was a 89 overall.<U+E414>
Once the door to social consciousness is opened, bring the spirit of your company through it to affect change
That was quick, considering Nate was just asking for opinions on Monday. What color and does it match your eyes?
Y'all only getting high, cuz y'all are closer to hell
I have a healthy body, free of the chemicals that once controlled it
Go Big Blue!
I'm babysitting and the kids are singing guminola <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Thank you and you too! Yes, I may go do the same. That, or stroll down to Bou. Have a good day!
very cool! I'll be on vacay with my wife, but we'll have some of our team there.
Submitted a short play for the Beowulf Alley Theatre's Out to Lunch Theatre program. It's called Sarah, Don't Be Mad.
ideas An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy to be called an idea at all. Elbert Hubbard
RT if this kinda message creeps you out! FWD: I KNOW IT BABY WOOOOOHOOOOOOO NEW FOLLOWER!!!!
Joseph Smith married Helen Mar Kimball when she was 14 & Mitt Romney opposes same sex marriage
...and also, it would be worth it to listen to Super Scoreboard again, instead of just hearing the same over & over.
If I ever start a band, I'm gonna name name it Back to Folk....Get It?
going to my mommass. nobody lemme forget my brothers shells! #ilovehim(:
Obviously a loser!!!
Makin Mac n cheese!!!
Kicking it with big booty girl yesterday huh?
off my TL NOW!
one of my Bethune da won't talk to me doe... Like omfg
I tell her goddamnnnn
TWO DAYS STRAIGHT !
Tom Hutler gets knees and hips replaced; #Mariners PA announcer is a dangerous job.
I just deleted my Facebook it cause all much drama. Now its all new everything.
Fixing my tumblr :))
Very cool.
Everyone in SoCal is about to freak the fuck out over the thunder.
Q: from If u do iPad pilot w/ur users, what do u try 2 find out most from pilot? What's the next phase in mind?
Enjoyed "Bad To The Bone" by George Thorogood on Pandora
HAPPY VALS DAY ERBODY:) love my fans
We got that at Joke once, I think its a permissions/Hard drive issue. Try repairing the drive the footage is on?
What's your favorite part of being #Brewersfan?
Prescription drug, heroin abuse growing in Montgomery County - Washington Examiner
We need to settle on a consistent terminology that describes what we do #pubarch this facilitates job finding issues etc
that's cool!!!
WTF did I just sign myself up for?!
Rams bounce back with road win in Muskogee OK and get to 11-3. Still a long way to go. Our 4th game in 9 days - all but 1 on the road
BusinessOwners"they will understand their business in greater depth & finer nuance than the avg. intellectual will ever understand anything"
we leave sept 28th!
Target donates 5% of earnings to community causes which equals about 3 million a week! 1billion by 2015!
to become a 5piece or to not.... hmm?
This will be one of those nights where me or one of our friends gets a pet weeks later as an I'm sorry present. I'm hoping it's me.
a fine choice :)
Except there's no service in the metal box. No... "service"
Live @ 8AM - A Very Special Episode of www.pdxsucks.com - now with antioxidants- 10% more Vitamin E and Zinc.
good song
Seattle road conditions: good. Sidewalk conditions: treacherous. It'd be nice if ceased granting TV intvws & picked up a shovel
Please follow me
it is pretty creepy - you should make fake business cards for a psychiatrist who specializes in cephalocontactamania
yes sir I in fact do!
I don't see anything wrong with the pic....its funny!!! If people are really upset they need to lighten the f up.
YOUVE NEVER LISTENED TO THEM?
Can't wait for another rooftop party this friday night!!!
Im not really a madden player
[Random Question] What would your SUPERPOWER be?
Cookies & cream :D
The difference between a successful person &others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will. V Lombardi
it better be my face you're getting tatted on you!! haha
Thanks for the shout out!
No.....and do not intend to watch any NBA...
S/O TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS. Yall get at me for photos, videos, beats and recording....
I thought it was suppose to rain today. Only a lil rain in the morning -__-
many thanks!
Jim J.D. Daniels Joins Star Mentors for next Music Industry Seminar Tour www.StarMentors.com
The sexiest curve on a girl is her smile (:
maybe they want you to think your actually doing something..lol
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart
sometimes your own family can be out to get you smh
Role of government in Ed reform: create system that supports and incentivizes development & use of methods that work.
Perhaps make an app to do the same?
good call. What round are u thinking? Or maybe they use one of their 2 fourth rounders on him?
France goes back to the PS, no surprise there. Narrow margin, though. They're about as divided as we in the US are, politically.
no ma'am, thank you. RT : may I help with your Comcast?
Checking in @ LAX. Off to The Big Easy!
Hi there :)
School is goin'a suck tomorrow.
are you being punished?! ~PK
foooooookolha im fooohivany where r u
I need sleep goodnight
You make it easier when life gets hard
hahaha so funny doesn't it make it more interesting
#HARP 2.0 loan helps consumers secure affordable refinance loans. Learn more about HARP by calling #IndigoMortgage at 505-836-5700.
ha! No way - hoping I'm done with snow for the season.
Ever since bought a cool Russian nested doll measuring cup set all her recipes involve lots of measuring. Coincidence?
I only twitter for the cussing.
The girls' toy section makes me throw up a little in my mouth. Would love to design a gender neutral line of toys.
I figured out your last name! And now I'll never forget it.
#TimelineForBrands is here! Are you excited for the change or dreading it?
Play this shit while you contemplate
LV Firefighters winter safety tip: Don't use space heaters in bathrooms or other areas where they may come in contact with water.
Thank god for activated charcoal!
I was (no joke) thinking the same thing! Lets do it <3
10 Ways Your Small Business Is Being Ripped Off 10 Ways Your Small Business Is Being Ripped Off Giving Rip-Offs the Kiss-Off Shady credit
Your I pad sounds like a crying infant. Lol!
Hey Fans Check out our Comic of the Month for July Flo Hernandez and The Flo Hernandez Morning Show!! He's hilarious and a great guy!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAYY KYLIE!!!!!
I hope you all have a peaceful and happy Thanksgiving. Go Niners!
Oh please. She should change her name from "Beyonce" to "Airbrushed."
Register today to hold your place in class @ www.policemountainbiketraining.com
Press seems to Nadal trapped at age 20
michael moore goin' in bout wisconsin... one of the biggest lies of the decade is that wisconsin is broke. Wisconsin is not broke!"
I knew u it. barca is too sick. This games isn't worth watching anymore. It's going to get bad
man that stinks...happened to me once and I got it back...cross the fingers!
we need to get to the uk TO fill our bellies!
Finally have my TweetDeck back on line thanks to Nancy. No TV and limited computer it's like being back in the 60's again!
I need a lot more than Windows live movie maker to do what I want to do. Blech.
#thingsisaidinthe90s "The pink ranger is the bomb!"
My day would be complete if retweeted me. I love her so much! She's fab.
I hope I didn't offend any one with my last several Tweets. I just can't believe all the ppl. Who judge , b/c of his book,Juiced
I hate getting jealous.
ha if I can get to my pool! center city is too far for my unmotivated swimming ass :/
$5 Gyros until 4pm today and dinner specials start at 5!
Discovering more questions can oftentimes be more valuable than finding answers.
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want.
Still enjoying your summer vacation? Classes officially start tomorrow, so get ready!
Done and done
Merry Christmas! Have a blessed day everyone!
Love it a lot. Still in the homesick stage, but the city is doing a good job on keeping me distracted.
Chirp Chirp
Whoa! Which one is he?
Kisses not beholding to anyone
ever wanted to go #Paragliding ? follow
Just found out the wedding reception I'm going to tomorrow will have a piña colada machine.
I love that VH1 praises JayZ's 99 problems without mentioning Ice T
Man, I didnt think Id actually miss school! I miss it already!.. Lol
resume curriculum vitae interview application references application resume interview application curriculum vitae and on and on and on.
I don't have a nickname. You ?
Excuse me, but did you buy one? If you are in there anytime soon, get me a set.
Welcome new followers!
Ha. Suess is always related
I need to get OUT. Worked too hard this week lol -T
Hahahaha you know its bad when the orioles fans stand up and cheer and clap....
yeah no doubt
Fuck . I like you.
Nope I just blow dry it then you're done
I picked a good day to wear a dress to school...
yeah but still man, i'm tired of the mediocrity
krispy kreme + 's coffee = lost productivity
Still watching law & order and painting my nails! Haha :)
where would you like everything delivered? :)
Politics in 2012 - Old, white guys on stage arguing about how much money they make.
Cool, following them now too!
Watching shrek with kids
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
I know you will :-)
#kjrmitch Have you seen the Phil Mickleson ad for an arthritis drug? Oh man, it is corny!
They just charged George Zimmerman with 2nd Degree Murder.
#13 days till my life's complete
Beautiful People
no it is only .75 and in the cd you can't touch it. Sick with the savings account.
Medical Intelligence: The collection, evaluation & analysis of worldwide health threats & issues.
All my bestfriends are #Dead :-)
Olivier Nduhungirehe says AU happy w/ cooperation, esp financial support. That has improved missions but still room to get better...
Gonna visit my grandparents later....
And deep inheritance hierarchies...
he's so cool
There's been consecutive no-hitters thrown before. Consecutive against the same team would be astronomical odds.
True statement For Sure
Can i hire someone to write a book about my life? <3
o wow, that's terrible and they can't find anything wrong it might be your liver or gallbladder hope your ok
yes. if you get rid of all concessions, id's should also go. not clear that non-compensated concessions and ids need ax
im guessin some people LIVE on twitter
She's a artist I been helping develop.....let's link up next weekend so I can let you hear some of her work.
Welcome to the magical world of Twitter, where dreams come true (If, like me, your dreams involve stalking Taylor Swift.)
That awkward moment when your little brother has a girl friend and your still single..
RT : Spent some time on the phone with I'm gearing up to get the word out. Tell Michelle she was awesome!
New term for us: thunder <U+26A1> cuddle
yepp. still know all the lyrics to 's music. :) will be singing along at tonight!!
77 clicks not bad! win tickets when you reach 500 lol
you said you were going to u of i
lol, I hope you enjoy the whole thing. And sorry to hear you're not feeling well. I hope you get well soon.
My boss just told us he wants to be #Batman for Halloween.
Lets play those mind games! whoop!
Tired as hell<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>think it's almost time for some<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
classes start today and i have no textbooks and now as I'm packing up my backpack i realize i also have no notebooks or paper.
come downtown w/ us! dont worry i'll remember where you park your car lol
Here's What You Need To Know About The Ground-Up Bugs Henry Blodget Puts In Your Headlines
they sell out really quick, they should make more Clippers hats though
Cinco de Mayo party - Bluegrass & Folk style! Sassy Molasses opens for Henhouse Prowlers - w/ some friends from Rumpke Mtn Boys sitting in!
Are you crazy #Milwaukee tweeps following - you should be!
you're getting an email in the morning! But the details are your cup(s) & map will be @ BLCC starting at 7pm at the VIP table!
reopened my formspring for the heck of it and accidently deleted all my questions from before... oh well :P
RT : "Warming up in the Cubs bullpen, #34 Kerry Wood" or as I heard it, the light at the end of the tunnel
Interesting diction discussion w/ : Is "bandwidth cap" the right phrase, or "network usage" a better way to couch it?
RT: is a fun, informative blog/Community for #actors on #SocialNetworking #Marketing &
Even at lower income levels, we're seeing (more) smartphone ownership.-- Regina McCombs, Poynter Institute
drive safely, Mike. Nice to see you at the meeting!
Getting excited about the Children's Hospital Battle of the bands at the Hard Rock Boston tonight
Yeah! :-/ Omfg, the hacker did show a pic of horrible photos -_-
Shout out to for her profile picture. Love it!
strawberry milkshake! Ah so good :)
RT If your excited for Teen Wolf!!! XD
We are having a great #HumpDay at #Showcases. How is your day going?
So. Tired.
I miss you guys. Can you come back? Your replacements, the fans, are not charming in any way.
Good morning! I'm at Broadway Comedy Club tonight 9:30PM
Breathe nick......it's going to be ok smh
Over the games and bullshit
stop tweeting about guys.. they don't like you. they like your vagina...
Brilliant! Enjoy :)
It was your doom.
ur icon is pretty cute for a cartoon hehe.
hahaha u are to funny.!
well either a turn off or a tune out... but I guess I'm unsure as to how they're "going after" them
No Mr. Zimmerman, being "hispanic" does not exempt anyone from being a racist. Justice for Trayvon Martin Now!
Good morning Louisville! Who's ready for some basketball!!???
My sisters having a #sleepover, is there a better way of spending my Saturday than watching five 7yr olds run around my house.?!
JUST GOT UP......BOUT TO HIT THE GYM.....WORKOUT TIME
Follow back Luv??
Ignorance, conceit, anger, jealousy - and greed stem from a lost soul
tease is better than please. #justsayin'(;
what's he thinking!
he has awoken after a long winters nap
in a hotel? by myself? I still get to speak to a lawyer.
About 4 years ago but had far less industry contacts then & wouldn't have heard about this in Zurich. I chased a new FIBA HQ though.
Idek what to do anymore..
“: Which is worse: a skunk's spray in the eyes or the sight of an unclothed Godwin? I think we know the answer! #DuckDynasty”
this #BmoreEatMore thing needs a spot on IHJJR!
Orlando Magic and Golden State gettin it in!
I Can Make Tweets All Day I alwaya Got Something People wanna here or read
I thought u were showing something you had bought
I don't care twitter I still love my
Developer:J2EE :: In or around Broomfield, CO (1 year contract ...
SO says basketball is just like banking. Steal, fake, then shoot?
A U.S. Presidential Election will occur within the month and year of November 2012.I need to ask my pendulum who the new Prez will be.
Oh, I'm soo sorry!!! Hope everything's ok!
The expression a woman wears on her face is far more important than the clothes she wears on her back -Dale Carnegie
An evening news stuffed deep in the pocket
Weather not conducive to sitting in bat cave-like office.
O_o!! Hey now... First it's a Christmas tree, instead of a holiday tree, and now a nativity scene?! I object.
' Seriously I think its the least we can do before we murder someone, give them one freaking ok meal after maybe 20 years without...
Happy Monday! Dare to make this a week of discovery. "All serious daring starts from within. " Eudora Welty
what's up, we're interested in booking you for a show @ Prospect Park for Lyricist Lounge 20 year anniversary show and Rio too
miss you too! See ya soon: )
S/O to my bros thoo #squadup<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I'm looking forward to influencing others in a positive way. My message is you can do anything if you just put your mind to it. - JB
stop puttin me out there lolz!!
RT if you also disagree: RT :portland has voted no baseball major or minor. I disagree but I'm only one person
I want to watch Ted Is Real !!
Great connecting Melissa, looking forward to working with you!
Love Your Coffee <3
TIN TIME !
#Jenga is 's excuse to be a whore
So much depends on reputation. Guard it with your life.
“: haha, where u been?” In the MLB and NFL Combine world. Let's catch up!
Let's Go #Rangers!!!!
girl youu already know. (: & David say he white goinn out there fishin .(;
Lol is it really dat good..like how gud..
I watch #Netflix so damn I be forgetting bout my House tv lol #NW Martin <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
that's like the only time I get noticed is when I don't try!!! Lol so let's not try(;
Just downloaded BoxSync. Making the transition from ? Simultaneous usage? Thoughts?
Italian beef sandwiches at Miller Park this weekend for the Chicago series.
Thanks #HartigansPub for another great event this weekend. Now it's time to chill out with the family
Very PROUD to be performing at the HARD ROCK IMPROV on Wednesday, April 18th - NOT an Open Mic - It's Showcase - Will be a great show -
Just told my mom I drank beer.
It's Tue! $2 Troegenator Drafts. Blackened Tuna Steak Salad 4 uTuna-lovers wanting more. Music w/ Bring yr guitar & join us.
I didn't... Haha but thanks!!
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms!
very interesting stuff this morn. Usable stats!
Already put Adobe Max 2012 on my calendar. The countdown begins.....
RT : Stay Consistent, Dont Change your Brand Promise
"Imagination is more important than knowledge."
My mother listens almost as well as my kid does. I swear, man.
I filled them!! You can follow me now!!!!!
"A formally harmonious product needs no decoration, it should be elevated through pure form," -- FA Porsche. RIP
"Yes, because America is like Disney World."
was it ridiculous? lol
If you're a beautiful freak, follow
roger federer is trending right now and I couldnt be happier
“you know your hungry when your stomach sounds like chewbacca with a ballpoint pen up his ass”
As of ~7 years ago (not sure if still the case) the head of the archives in Chisinau was supposedly ex-KGB, w/ policies to match.
Mental note to me: Dress up to Alice's Chip costume as Dale when we meet Johnny.
Rupp hasn't done anything....all playoffs, NOTHING.
Thanks preacher. ~the choir ;)
are u ready for TOMORROW???
heavens knows; I feel like I'll always be the bottom haha. One day we will reign as the Maddie's of the BFA list bahaha
That's a bit out of our delivery area, I'm sorry. :)
#brooklynlager isn't on draft at the bar anymore..
I’ll be at the Green Bay West branch in Festival foods today 11-1. Come pose for a photo with me!
?Single ?Taken ? Unable to find love because my standards have been set unrealistically high after mentally dating a celebrity
Shit could get weird, unless they all down.
Who you got in the derby?
FHA Section 184 loans make it much easier and more affordable for Native Americans to purchase-Gateway Mortgage helps
You don't drown by falling in the water...you drown by staying there. It's time to get up!
and one coffee for me! ; )
Wild Onion will be pouring Hop Slayer Double IPA at Brewfest along with a few others. Get your tickets so you don't miss out!
So I found out today that Betsey Johnson is going bankrupt and closing all her stores down and only selling in Macy's.NO
did you run the Nike Virtual half? I did it solo in Miami. What a great run!
Santorum is more nonsensical than normal tonight
Chunk! No, Captain Chunk! Drum parts are the fucking funnest things to play ever
Gotta hot date tonite that roll her own good no joking... I think I'm going to enjoy this one
#SDSU's production of Vinegar Tom was great. If anyone has the chance to see it this weekend, I recommend it.
it's April 21st
12:00 Jeremy Vine: With topical debate and great music.
dude just go get one...they're good! Just had two yesterday!!
"My wife got her tit caught in the bench grinder."
great show guys. hope to see you as the full deal soon
Oh hell and yes, Joe Purdy is playing the Grog Shop. Day is officially made.
It takes passion and commitment to do a job properly. Learning how to love an occupation is of great importance.
I cherish the cookie.
Ginormous sale at Kohl's = the death of my wallet.
Just watched the pilot take a lady in a wheelchair from the gate all the way to her seat. Another reason to love
Ask me how excited I was when my pharmacist called 2 say Provigil has a got a generic this month?! Saving $ on #Narcolepsy rocks!
Follow The Kid Back
Ok seriously...no more cookies for me until Memorial Day. I just had my 6th cookie and was debating going to buy another. THIS NEEDS TO END.
“It's not what you say out of your mouth that determines your life,it's what you whisper to yourself that has the most power!” <U+2015> Robert...
I think you and I know where I won't be bud .
Sitting with Taylor.
See ya mate!
this coffee has got me wired
Just Took Like A 30 minute Break .. *Shoulder Shrug*
nigha iknow im late but you know igotta keep singing
I agree with you on most of this, but Santorum's spokesman wasn't really openly gay, at least not in public.
my interest in the field was encouraged by several great supervisors/mentors. Also, I love teaching!
Follow me on instagram: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Puppies vs. Babies or 16 & Pregnant? How will I ever choose?
you know how I do... #NEXT :) let me know if you're free anytime Saturday for a chat, I'll be sittin poolside running my show Sat
Make healthcare work for the individual, not the system!
u take a pillow for sleeping, phone for texting, penciel for writeing, and your best looks for Justin :) RememberTrust
"If you have time to read it, reply." Love it.
Lake bound!
Tip #147: In order to make sense of our zoo we need to review and renew. Review and renew with yourself, a coach, and some poker friends.
Joshua omfg killed it #teamjoshua all day
how about "Humid, All Too Humid."
Yesterday was pancake day. Today is national margarita day. I'm marking this week in the calendar for next year.
hahaha....1 day I probably will...and that will be the end of JR as we know it.
I'm sorry to say but Blue Ivy Carter is not a cute name
Great season Buckeyes, thank you!
Woke up at 5:30 and couldn't get back to sleep. Dicked around for a bit, then got donuts for the guys & came to work. LIke a boss.
you are a great mom and daughter too. I hope you were celebrated yesterday (and everyday!!)
A good night before SXSW starts...pool side with the fire pit and a 97 point shiraz and , but Bill's big ass cigar stinks!
Always think POSITIVE. Unless youre taking an HIV test. Then you can think NEGATIVE.
I can never seem to stay happy..
OMG! have you been workin' out? You must have if you broke a persons arm when you shook hands(: LOL!
haha i guess.
people have different meanings for both..all that matters is your meanings
Remember, small steps add up to leaps and bounds! Always remember that when trying to reach your goals. Patience and persistence= success!!!
Didn't post this earlier but and I made to the end of #relayforlife! Go us!
IU-VCU will play at 7:10 est. New Mexico-U of L will play 30 minutes after the conclusion of the first game.
I second empathy as an essential virtue for next gen librarian
The end, time to move on....there are so many other issues to pay attention too.
Claire Danes. I love you but the fact that you look like an Olsen twin with a tiny body and giant head really disturbs me
These two mfs in this room tweakn....
#SallyAdams with #ClearChannel discusses finding her self-confidence
Yaay! We're here, almost ready to go!
come to dc with me.
Gobama is back! Another 1st for a US president. #StepInTheRightDirection,
you bring an invaluable tool to the foundations Thanks for your vision and support Glad to be your partner in saving lives.
2 have & 2 hold...is your marriage affected by #specialneeds (+ or -) ? We're talking about it on the blog www.knowledgesafari.com
I've been left to care for her bratty mutt. It aint the same. :(
“: "LA is the epicenter of creativity in the world today." -Jarl Mohn #MadeinLA ” so true.
Oh please just pick Karen!
Scholars & fellow grad students: how do u continue to process what ur reading when ur too tired to understand it?
That doesn't even make sense.
Do you hear that?... somewhere there's a baboon scratching he's ass. Haha!
you text Austin?
thank you lebanese immigrants to mexico during the ottoman period, you have blessed me with my biggest lifesaver ever: the al pastor taco.
RT : I present the only thing worse than an absentee parent...the presence of an absent-minded one. Will Nesbitt, The Inner Seed
Shoot the puck, hey it can't hurt guys! Let's go Flyers!!!
"Great works are done when one is not calculating and thinking." - Daisetz T. Suzuki
Hey! I have a request. Who is your new trainer?
Horrid weather out here in San Diego, by the way. Two hours of sun...now a marine layer. If they pay me in sunshine...I need to renegotiate!
haha that's true!! lmao! Love you! (so weird this tweet doesn't appear on my @ mentions but it does on my timeline) haha
Its lunch time in NY.
that's awesome! have a great time. saw TV's FRANK when CARTOON DUMP came to NYC. small venue...live on stage. so good.
So my package to audition for Project Runway was sent today.(fingers crossed). I TOTALLY FORGOT TO PRAY OVER MY PACKAGE BEFORE SENDING IT.
Thanks, Chica! Love your blog too!
student paper just called proliferation of princess culture a "hot pink ouroboros." my marginal comment: "ha! seriously? ha!" #A+
It's official: I am running for the WV House of Delegates for the 67th District.
Merciiii. ALSO, I had the sticky bun latte as my birthday drink and I AM IN LOVE. Thank you.
well today I did at least 8 loads and it's only Monday!
Just met Dennis Haysbert at a track meet at Mt Sac, aka Pedro Cerrano, #awesome!!!
Poised Creation is always searching for new projects that will benefit our artists in the future!
love Philip Glass! Thx 4 reminding me!!
On a plane to Demandware XChange along with & is a sponsor. Come say hi!
I find from 1 Girl 5 Gays cute as hell !
CKAN.net - registry of open data sets. Dekkers
What if when you clicked "Expand" it gave you a longer, more detailed tweet
Won't be in Santa Fe today #nmleg. I'm too busy having an extramarital affair with 's Editor: Kent Walz.
Dental hygiene gets more expensive every day.
starting session with : "how to avoid social media fatigue"
Guess I'm getting a bad grade in aleks because my classmates are very unhelpful
Nope. That show is like delicious, delicious crack. Covered in swarovski crystals. With too much hair gel.
vs !!! lets do this
If you're really good at PR your "fan base" can be a "Nation" which can be a real good "revenue stream."
Checking out the revenge flick The Tortured.
lmaoo ! <3 yes he's almost famous :)
I love 'Ours' by
I need to do something with photos and the art and poetry. I just don't know what yet. Or go back to work on plant kid. Or both.
Snake laid eggs today! So stoked!
I forgot to take out the trash...
Oh, yeah, sorry guys....but Go Pats!
chris johnson
sleepover with the cousins !! :) <3
Wind and basketball do not mix
2061 is such a compelling project! I'm looking forward to the UMBC Magazine story on the course.
I'm just shoe shopping for the next few months...
That looks delicious! Enjoy!
See you Saturday
April Fool's Day season starts earlier every year.
Flipping off, because he's a tool sitting behind me in math.
at wat time
The steak was yum. Dessert now~
iam not saying who she is lol #hint lol
Jerry Jerry Jerry...!
Nothing is ever good enough with me, is it? No.
sounds like a plan! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Good to know. Horses held. I got sad when you showed up on my Quitter list :(
I'm an Israeli citizen. You and your friends need a better idea of what you're talking about before jumping to conclusions
nets a hat trick for Fulham today. Not often do we see Americas in this kind of form in Europe.
Corvette with life is beautiful written on it!
#StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie ;; the whore always dies, don't be a hoe.
Ohmygod....what is air....
what I'm headed to bk now
every boy, every boy in the whole school could b theirs...
#DripSync launches this May!
Have to say #thanks to for providing all of the great updates today from the #mobilizeconf ! You are #thebest !
That means so much to me. Thank you roxxy
looks like 10-year reunion is on 11/24.
The Tooth Fairy taught kids to sell their body parts for money. I blame her for prostitution.
Participation in culture (as in crowdsourcing content) makes average citizens into more than "consumers" |power to people
Sports cards are officially on sale, Happy hour all day as long as a live sporting event is on!!
Hello Tweeps, I've missed you all . My heart has been very heavy...my prayers are with #Trayvon Martin's family.
Good deal. Thanks for the super quick response, as always!
I think it's time Boulevard of the Allies modernized. We have our first gig of 2011 on Jan 14 at the Smiling Moose.... New sound.
golf and NASCAR
NY Bus lesson #2: when your kids act out in public, don't look at other people wondering what to do. Either talk strong or whip that ass!
Bethany Marketplace Lot 1 - A #Shell station on the NEC of I-17 & Bethany Home - purchased at Trustee's Sale for $1m ($247/sf).
Now it's time for this #Heat game
Thanks Jamie! Really glad you were able to make it! Even better that you enjoyed the show ;)
Success is not only a fact that happens to others,it's something that definitely can happen to you.
Oh I have no stock in the boards. Just sometimes my fellow Mavs fans are just as bad as NoDak.
Yo everybody better fucking vote for for Breaking Woodie!
RIP Chuck Brown - Go-Go Godfather groove on, wherever you are
Sweet my iPhone 4 power on button isn't working.
jealous!!! bring back the warm weather!
I demand all I can stand Drink it up until we fallout
Hope you had a great time on Sunday!
Good luck and enjoy :). I'll be at the #Twins US Bank kiosks all season.
Thanks to you too, Martin. Onward and upward.
Shooting myself rn.
I need a drink
"You are who you know...Who you know shapes who you are." -Reid Hoffman
wish it was easier to vote & log in :(
still at gingerman?
Hot guy in a three-piece suit drove up in an Aston Martin to the ATM next to me. OHAIIIII
Goodmoring!!! Hope you have an amazing day :)<33
We be chillin'.
wtf man he looks nothing like me
Instant gratification? Not when you're a writer. You come up with something great, and no one knows. Yet. :)
if u wanna talk to someone you can direct mesage me and ill help u with anything i can:)
Can I Please Get A Follow Back<3 <33
Don’t think too much. You’ll create a problem that wasn’t even there in the first place.
i have no clue what going on but Selenators are for you no matter what.If you need someone to talk to we are here.We luv you
The only reason I would ever need cable is to watch the news. The Today Show, Good Morning Texas, CBS This Morning, etc.
I love this Tweet.
My phone randomly likes instagram pics and it annoys me so much cuz it makes me look like a stalker :P
hell yeah I just didn't wanna take that shit at tech.
Friday needs to come!!!!!!!
really good actually. Though I feel like I have a club for a hand. It's still pretty numb so not sure how it'll feel after
And to all you wags DMing me... No, I don't shop there, well, not much anyway. More of a Forever 21 man...
Off the Map- great new show
Pay off my debt & pay for all 3 yrs of college up front!! (: RT : What would you do if you had a million dollars?
Madden is the shot I fucking hate call of duty I suck.
Courtney moves on to the championship round!
We aren't taught to exceed we are taught to exist.
Not 2b grim, but Passover celebrates, among other things, a genocide of innocent children. (also the murder of all the golden calf families)
Another beautiful day in San Diego. Only thing that would have made it even better was going to the Padre's game. Next time for sure!
Hey Tweeters! Follow Me On Here If You Haven't Already Done So, #ThankYou :D
Lakers lost the game to OKC this is depressing but I can't say I nvr saw it coming....
It's 11:11 make a wish!!
Take-away from Gaffield's CCRI experience: changing ideas about complexity, diversity, creativity being enabled by digital technology
#vick wit the W! Nice dats nice!
Happy birthday (tomorrow)! Note: no artificial reminding technology was used in the preparation of this tweet. ;)
I wanna be more than friends ,
definitely a ton of great stuff at today-- I've already started saving for the next edition
Eating great food at salt and pepper hole in the wall.
am I getting a Christmas card?
they've gotta keep it
Thanks for the hospitality We'll be back!
Welcome! It's pleasure to Tweet with u:)
What the hells going on out here
I can count lots of peeps in tshirts right now. No clue what happened?
There. Scrubbed all of the language, none of the guilt. Really was a F4*#$!G horror show of a day ;-) ...
Good morning, all. And happy Friday! Busy day today. Hope you're shaping the day you want to have.
haha I don't remember the last school day that I actually cared what my hair looked like.
wow man looking good
anything is possible if you believe and try
sometimes my imagination is too wild
Vandy is so advanced with pedagogical uses of technology and yet offers no online classes. Is there a reason? just curious
Why is #Louisville wearing orange?
You really do say anything to tick people off...don't you!
it will
NOT EVEN! <3
Settling in a new dog...
Just wokeup :/ feeling like CRAP!
They deff fixed avery bradley on #NBA2k12 cuzz i just dunked on marc gasol....
im on the set of #FamilyGuy right now&i just realized that might be living a"alternative lifestyle"..am i late on this1?
Thanks, doll!!
Wow what a game for Lin outplaying Kobe. #Lin-sanity!
How difficult is it to have a world in peace? I believe, it is more complicated and administratively more expensive to create war.
Bus driver hit a bump and I just all over this bus. Chunks everywhere. I am not too proud to be the guy to continue riding though
At Least the #KimKardashian Marriage Lasted Longer than Carmen Elektra & Dennis Rodman's did Last Century #lol. Did I go back too far?
Thank you.
Can't believe that we're going to be bringing you awesome deals from some amazing #merchants, AND we get to help out amazing #Nonprofits! :D
Yuni B. defensive beast!
Happy Bday Janet! He is looking handsome!
Ha. At fist I thought the price is equal to the cost of 2 concurrent librarians. Also, hope they offer interlibrary cake loan too.
Ei8ht is sold out already. Going to be nutd.
Today is loaded with greatness...you just watch!
this nigga said "he could kill her momma and she still gon go bck to him" .... shit i believe it lmfao
love my buddy Uly. Can't wait to see him solve some math problems monday.
I know that, well obviously. But she's just crazy. & they didn't do anything. You act like he made out with her. He talked and(c)
What is the obsession with the Casey Anthony trial?......I just don't get it.....
:O harsh!?! Haha
Its funny how when ur uninspired u will be looking everywhere 4 song ideas & come up dry, then when ur inspired you see ideas everywhere!
is it true that you are comeing back to wwe
So what was all that nonsense i was hearing about What if the clippers win the division, should they put their banner up?
Any game devs in town for #GDC that want to meet up for a lunch or coffee? :)
Oh please being me an offer or two.
Had a long ass day
me too!!
Thank you! Let's plan on drinks this weekend.
Solid! I believe anything anymore from some ppl! We'll be held hostage by some idiots for breathing!
": *clears throat* HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE WORLD'S OLDEST OOPS I MEAN GREATEST BIG SIS EVER :-P" Thank you cow lol!
No longer will my manhood be tested when I need to go to the backyard!
Looking forward to a BBQ with friends on the Lake.
This head ache <<<< OMG!
“: The national media is going 2 camp out at Penn St. The NATIONAL MEDIA" joepa needs to give a statement & step down.
hey james!
China factories to produce Nissan Infiniti models Japanese car giant Nissan Motors has announced it will be manufacturing two of its Infi
Love me!
Brauny's first career 3 home run game!!
sorry! got nothing for you in the near term. just be happy there's no water restrictions!
After work today, errands and laundry. And after that, a massage at 9p. I should sleep well tonight. :)
Looking at Wolfram's Computable Document Format, reproducible science or YADF? #MSRworkshop Maybe this is what we all thought of PDF @ 1st
Sharon: I'm so homesick.Sheila: But this is your home!Sharon: I know and I'm sick of it.
he did.
I agree with my true statement.
Got B2B dinner tonight in Villa Rica. Then off to the darkest reaches of #Asterisk &
RT The only way ill clean is if house music is playing in the background.
I'm dropping my student membership application in the mail today!!!
Haha. I can imagine. Killer!
so glad!!
Everyones sleeping, and here I am, vomiting like no body's business.
Don't you want to dance to this??
Will look for you; won't be there until about 1:00 tho.
:/ No .... Thinking Um Nope if he did I don't remember!!! What's Up ... He bad at delivering messages
Watching G.I. Jane with Granny and Dad
no not yet. Its workin for me! theyre going to vote on it today though...
For Ashlei Shannon news, updates, promotions, ect. follow on twitter !! After all, who doesn't LOVE accessories?!
FACT: Mississippi ranks #1 in religion *and* #1 in teen pregnancy per capita in the United States
nice comeback bro
Help us celebrate another successful ALA meeting! Take 10% off your entire order from now until February 15. Use coupon code ALA11W.
it annoys me when people on #spotify keep their playlists private-what are you hiding? i willingly show you my massive hall & oates library.
Thanks for the follow!
Game 2 on Wednesday is HUGE, for obvious reasons. If, and I mean IF, the Lakers can steal game 2 on the road and head back to LA tied....
Good job Zeller
Pizza curtains? Pizza curtains!!! Well done
awe tanks baby(; <3 MWAH!
really?? Im so over the club...unless its a strip club! LMAO! When u going to Stadium?
Follow Back Please!! :D xoxo <U+2665>
My lunch compatriot is putting Five Guys nuts in his mouth. Too salty for my tastes.
Dominated Mission Trails Regional Park today. Thank you summer in October!!
Visiting my mom in the hospital watching days of our lives
Twitter needs a Like button for that comment :)
If you missed the words of wisdom from Rick Wemmers yesterday, listen to the podcast! Good stuff!
Is that from Adobe?
When orgies are sleepovers and sleepovers are orgies
np! why you see lots of tweets start with .@
Dream big and never give up :]
For anyone starting a blog, website, interested in expanding a following: Check out Platform via Great Resource!
Scarves, boots, jackets I want it al.
Body right but the wrong mentality
Weekend is almost here
Finally done with this paper
Ooh, cookie flavored lip balms?
Did you get snow where you live?
I don't believe in an afterlife because I find it selfish. I want to live in the memory of others, not in another manifestation of myself.
sum s*** I wrote-Common (like Kareem i got the hook up), Gimme that Loot-slammin suckas like shaquille
Are there any good paleo apps for the iPhone to help keep you on track?
I heart
break a leg tonight! :o*
what's wrong?
Be always at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let each new year find you a better man. Benjamin Franklin
Education will not (take the place of persistence); the world is full of educated derelicts.
I def. agree I know that the members want to feel more engaged...
Love the beauty that our makeup artist Michael can find in everyone and everything....so nice to be around someone who is unfailingly happy!
everyone's having freshman orientation & my high school doesn't have that.
no problem! :)
I'm so excited for school today i get to see my best friend who's also my boy friend(:
we have a campmance on our hands!
whyy not gee?
oh... Ok, I get it. Not enough of a fan that it's the first thing I think of, apparently. Hee haw.
would be a REAL philanthropist if he donated that chest hair to the "Sweaters Of Love" charity for the homeless.
here's some info to add to your list Tongue: 0.2 in. Blood Type: AB Positive. Dr: Simon Bexlaham. Room: 126 2nd Floor
Going out to lunch for my brothers birthday then work from 5-close. Yay me.
yeah, always by blink 182. do you listen to blink?
it's National Turn off your Electronics day, can you do it?
Is Douche the new MF?
I just lost 10 followers because I retweeted something good about our president..
Teens on Laptops! In 26 minutes.
i think its stupid that twitter wont let trend
Just want to say that it took me a YEAR to find that through circuitous googling.
#kids The Happiest Millionaire at The Plaza Theatre Company, Sat, May 12 3:00p: Anthony J. Drexel Biddle is an enthusiastic but...
It only too a perfect season from Juventus to make that happen.
Man, the weather has been just ugly outside for a very extended period of time. Like 4 hours of sunshine yesterday, what a tease
I'm at City Winery with for the Marianne Faithfull + Marc Ribot special acoustic duo concert courtesy of Thanks!
Math, shower then bed. Night guys. <3
-+_--+ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Vitaminwater isn't Healthy - "Vitamin Waters" Do you ever wonder things like "Who is actually swallowing the hook that Vitaminwater is...
WTF is a Good Friday? Obv they named it thus because The Brewers open up 162 games of awesomeness today.
give meh that beep
Woah. It's hard to imagine an zombie! Wouldn't it just giggle instead of eating our brains?
happy birthday John Stewart!
First bike ride of the season yesterday, and no pain today. Looks like I won't be able to up my distance until next week though
didn't you start prop d? Flip flipping later?
Been eating it grad., but it's something I need to do more. Def. added muscle since I've gained weight, but not size.
follow our conversation on twitter with the hash tag
ill back into using this thing again #untilthen goodbye
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm out of shape. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
whatsup means what are you doing haha :p
nothing like beer, country music and my best =]
Just bought my first set of Yankees ST tickets! Can't wait for 3/31 in Kissimmee vs the Astros! :)
Your so gay and you don't even like boys. GUESS THE SONG. It's pretty obvious LOL
Boys night out! Reptile show at the PAC; touching an albino alligator; daily grind for donuts, milks (boys), and cinn. orange tea (me).
any thoughts on chicago?
Wave 3 point goal scored by Nick Perera, assisted by Ian Bennett. It's 3-0 Wave with 8 minutes left in the 1st quarter.
mentally meditated cuz marijuana got me physically medicated-YOUNG.S
Blast fans: Matt Watson and the Vancouver Whitecaps host D.C. United tonight. You can watch it at 10 on CSN.
cut to the chase and call it OS X PUSSY
ugh twitter is addicting >:\ haha
Appreciate the follows all!
Im Tired
Critical to a high performing school. “: I really appreciate caring so much about Performing Arts at LC (:”
favorite hotel you stay at across the league? Blazers at my hotel tonight in Utah. Nice place.
This morning student concept work presentations on 15 central themes for studying new social problems. I'm doing "lay and expert knowledge".
Watching filipino soap operas without my dad...
En route to Gator baseball. So I obviously needed to tweet that while driving
Thanks for da love! The #marketini logo was a fun project! Can't wait until the partay!
Is everyone gonna have to apologize to Ben Stein now? How unfortunate.
I agree on the buffet avoidance. Room service instead? Room service best part of a hotel stay.
man by man almost every City player trumped ours on performance.a lack of match winners, maybe..
a big happy bday shout to ! If you are looking for high end real estate in DC def check them out!
RT : "I think it's a fantastic idea. I've been looking for this for five years."
ok I need to get ready for school -.-
Also, I need ALL THE COFFEE this morning. So tired. Excited for my lady date tonight with a little shopping & dinner at
Happy Birthday to my favorite nephew and Nevaehs paran....we love u DJ
It's officially been 1 year sense I was in the same building as lady gaga, holy shit does time fly
I haven't been on twitter for like forever!
#MLG sweet final. Rob Simpson is my arch nemesis.
hell ya haha
and you know this maaaannnnnnn!!!!
Return of the Mack
Every year, 1.5 million barrels of oil are used to make plastic bottles consumed in the U.S., plus fuel for transport.
Let's Go Knicks!!
Do we really have to choose between such great goals? It's like choosing between children, or 2 Jimmy Conrad bobbleheads
2nd Saturdays today has been POSTPONED due to illness! We apologize for any inconvenience. Stay warm!
HIMYM, what's up
where you at bruh
I've got one word: snacks.
Why can't we make moderate cuts to entitlements while taking modest tax hikes. The key being moderation and no defaults.
Hey Greeny, better pick out your dancing costume! UNLV in the final four???
Witnessed a "pack searcher" OPEN 10-15 packs of Topps Heritage at Target looking for hits. I called him out on it and he got PISSED. Haha.
haha well luckily nandos will still be here. Ill let u know though
so andy and brandon have liked pictures of me and them
Glad to hear all are safe! Norman and family are home safe too! See everyone tomorrow...
I have the worst upset stomach i have ever had in my entire life.
This place is not compatible with our natural habitats.
I really Love your son no matter what haters say about him I will steel Love him.
Facials and laser hair removal is where im at
Not much. Unless you're making out on a treadmill.
When you find the perfect music to listen to
Lake Forest Country Day School Notes - Lake Forester
- solid producr, women love the chard and men love the reds They have wide consumer appeal.
Wine Fact of The Day(grape your brain) Barrels of wine per acre—13.5 Nicholas-
You have to be willing to sacrifice a little bit of yourself, to help others in need.
I'm free from about 1:30-3:30 today. I also have time on Thursday at about the same time.
We are planning our June tour through the Southwest.... where should we play?
The Wizards, on the other hand, make me want to cry.
The slide whistle is my new favorite instrument!
I am patient with stupidity but not with those who are proud of it.
Happy B-Day:)
Enjoy that quality time peace and blessings.
Off to the radio station. This is when I start my countdown to the weekend : )
Looking forward to a quiet night tonight... Maybe some Grey's Anatomy...
Justin is a swaggie adult(;
Why do we say we're head over heels when we're happy? Isn't that the way we normally are?
What was your favorite wine that you had a chance to sample?
True. But it's not unique to Angels fans of course. See Dodgers; Jones, Andruw, 2008.
Um, the not understanding a silent auction was already done on Friends.
Add #RepeatReceipt to ANYTHING to zoom in on the locations. They're there for the taking from 4-7pm today and tomorrow
Wanted to make my accurate to current colors but they don't sell the right pieces in Bellevue Square Mall
You can include Word & Excel docs, Google Docs, Youtube & Vimeo videos, Khan Academy badges, and pretty much any kind of media.
I have almost consumer your entire sleeve of saltines today. Perfect. I got you on your bday.
Have gotten to "Referred to Selecting Official" several times- Not even a phone screen interview. BTW >400 apps since May.
I'll kick back 15 cents to Rachael. does that work for you Rachael?
& are the Laurel & Hardy of #celebrityapprentice.Love it.
Thanks for the Bookwink link. Please forgive my ignorance but what is #edread?
Hey,...Stick to writting those awesome books you write and leave the BS for the rest of us....
Any fans out there? We just played her "Why You Wanna" video. It makes us wanna keep playing her over and over again!
every1 needs to sign that omg. and if Obama is not signing the law, omfg I FUCKEN LOVE YU SO MUCH OBAMA.
RT : Lots of tweets for next hour. Ill be chatting about Working with SMEs (subject matter experts). Pls join in
Not being able to sleep cus your tummy hurts <
She told me that my passport pic is "real good"and called jogging "jahging"
zay's tan was funny af.
Hungryy. Breakfast is calling!
is here every Tuesday for this. Help spread the word!
Why do you have WR Antonio Brown ranked so low on a PPR FFCPI (28 FFCPI)? You have him at 4th ranked Pitt WR. Behind E Sanders?
If you want to play a college sport, what college would you most be interested in playing at and why?
Several employees owe Braun an apology.
Browns GM Tom Heckert suggested to ESPN's Bob Holtzman that Brandon Weeden will start from Day One.
pisses me off when girls can't even cook basic things
It wasn't easy, but I was in way better shape. Trying to get back to that now.
We love hosting Reach the Beach Packet Pickup, an easy way to get checked in for the ride. Come by 2-4 today at Lucky Lab 1945 NW Quimby
GIRL, u full black stop saying u mixed with Indian, u black as hell. shut up.
cuddle sesh. il wipe your tears away bby, dont worry.
Definitely cant wait for the next project
Yeah, I am hoping that she will need a lot of days.
ignore my carrier pigeon when he get there, maybe feed him and send him back, thanks.
at my cousins house :)
No. Been on furlough. But I might be able to guess. What is it?
Where u from u seem cool as a fan
I just might have to live tweet my wedding
The Jets are vastly overrated and is not the future
Watching a special on Will and Kate... Couldn't be happier
Pick out outfit, dye hair, take shower , talk to him & the bed & school(:
#TeamBlake! I'm going to see you friday<3
Added your Twitter page tp the Cash Mob Directory Of Cash Mobs
whats is being?!
Jackson comes up small for the Eagles When DeSean Jackson dropped what should have been a 49-yard touchdown bomb, it neatly summed up his
our new number is 448-9991
you bet
Applied for marriage license- t-minus 9 days until I'm a Mrs.!
On tornado warning now
Have alot to think about when its raining.
#LANL has 60 fixed, on-site air rad monitors and state Enviro Dept has several around LANL. EPA portable monitors en route now.
hahaha gotta love nancy! Send her my love <3
Yes, our handle is missing an "R". It's because some jackass, who doesn't even tweet, got the handle before us. I'm issuing a fatwa on him
I wish I had a more keen talent of writing beautiful poetry or song lyrics.
I never said that. I actually agree with Pac. But what he said is worse than what Floyd said about Lin
I need 3000 tweets by the time i sleep!
For a guy like Ellsbury, though, you want top-50 prospects. Not guys who COULD be top-50.
What an amazing victory! Go #Gophers! I couldn't relax until the final buzzer, but dominated this weekend.
RT Y'all should follow for some shout outs & a DM's to Ariana Jordan PSanders & Manny :]
Karen Calls It - The top 3 things you should know are coming up with as well as your chance to win tickets to see NEW EDITION!!
I'm playing softball - last inning... NEED a THE VOICE update?!?
#YourSexIsOnPoint If you're still a fucking virgin at 21+ years old...
Thanks, Dominique! Here's to a great Saturday night! Cheers!
Ok pop quiz ! What color is austins eyes ????
Fingers crossed! I hope we can get you booked on something really soon.
I'm really excited too <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Who told you that? RT : Bitch I'm sexy fuck you mean! Lmaooo ": Wanna see something funny? "
had the use her gps to locate I465
how did we ever watch Hill speeches without twitter? half of Free Press DC is here in the conf room. good times.
Watch for me on lex18
The awkward moment when you send a text to your mom that weren't meant for her.. Fuck life
": i'm just hungry"pharrell voice" ME 2
A great saturday-the entire family slept in. Now it looks like it will rain most of the day. Maybe I can get the house cleaned up.
I've shopped till I've dropped, but ill come say hi if you're vendors
hahaha wat about the water can that fly??
they seem to go back and forth about the coffee thing. one day its good for you one day its not :)
Thats why I like it. I lead such an ordinary one ;)
At least long days at work mean ending with
I hate being in these moods
Just watched Another Earth. These kinds of movies are my favorite, with a sci-fi element but very much character driven.
#UbaldoJimenez is gone for the #Indians and he left #RedSox on the corners. Still 1 out and they're down 6-1 in the 5th.
That's why I justify up to 6 copies of popular titles in our all-boys middle school of 240 students.
made the epic pic in my avatar.
Gettin' some head
All these fucking hoodrats coming on twitter thinking they the shit when they don't even know how to spell!
Restaurants - Use text messaging to bring in more business on that slow Monday. www.zesmo.com
Fell asleep on my laptop while writing an essay lol. I think its time for bed!
Picked up some great easter goodies I always want EVERYTHING in the place! (Including all the grower Champagne, bien sûr!)
And also, she's smart, clever, and good for you.
No tweets? :-) It is difficult to keep up with online social networking while working real-time ..a lot! Hope all is well.
#Twins allow inside the park home run, yet get their first win. Could be a long season.
Traffic.. Don't think I'll be getting to JMU any time soon..
GO PACK GO.
Had a great day[:
Don't mention it :) It's nice to officially talk to you! I hope you're doing well.
The Lilacs are growing on my road finally :)
God was not confused when he made me.
Morning twitter world(:
NICE! I know you're all about the bedazzle!
Move up here then.
Page on Theremin!
Scarlet is hot tied up
Just slept for 13 hours. I feel great now
I'm on it!
Did you conquer the weather this morning, or did you concede???
Muscle soreness from your fitness and sports activities, called Delayed Onset Muscle Soreness (DOMS), can be decreased with massage...
Hey fans, ABQ's own, Interim UFC Welterweight Champion Carlos Condit is in The Pit!!
i hate when people don't reply to my message :(
great article congrats!
I love you so much,
no prince in bmore. What a week!
what are you thinking subject wise. D Message Me
So, out of all the May Day activities, which are you participating in?
i understand :(
I know u feel better now right?
I hope so! If it doesn't... MORE SPEECHES
grizz game was fie, nah its time to go smoke
watched a man at the Post Office pay for his package with 36 stamps. peeling and sticking each one. for a long time
My Jewelry Remind Me Of Jerusalem !!
I'm wasting this tweet because it's my 3,300th. Irrelevent milestone. Irrelevent tweet. (You get what you pay for, folks.)
the ipod? where the hell did u guys go!?
#TwSIG Can put also a "follow" button on a website or content site to get people to follow your content regularly.
send me the link?
your wish to go to the Olympics can come true. Buy a raffle ticket at denversports.org and have a chance to win a trip for 4!
If you want to talk about, my inbox is always open.
it's better than pizza rolls and fudge pies.
Had it at Mayo in 06. Not fun, but life is!
Thanks for the shoutout!
I really truly in actuality just saw an adult spell "pacifier" "pass a fire."
Good stuff! RT : I usually drink hot water and lemon in the morning to flush out my system. Makes me feel fully energized!
whats good wit it you makin beats?
...as if we're surprised when politicians end up being hypocrites.
WE SHOULD!! we'll be cracking up watching that ill be like YOU IDIOT!! lmao
We are pretty crazy, but maybe that is what keeps us sane. Did you find any sweet deals?
OH HELL YES!
Im your biqqestt fan ! yourr so dope ! lol ii miss you ii been so busy and so have you we need aah phone date soon <3 =P
Gasol been great, Bynum is garbage, get rid of him, no heart, plays ZERO D.
shipping is good imo. Their customer service is even better. Trust them!
Police say suspect in Brooklyn Park day care triple homicide may have been targeting a child. KSTP-TV at 6pm.
almost the 4th quarter. You know what that means. #NorrisColeShow is about to start
Getting my hair colored and they're playing all these Lolla bands in the salon.
Ron Weasley made me fall in love with gingers.
It really drives me crazy when people forget how to drive just because it's raining. Really people it's not that hard...
god i missed the hookah.lol
Stan Van Gundy style. MT : Usually this is handled privately but by speaking to media about it Uthoff put it in public eye.
Creepers and evil fast food merchants can't get me down today because is coming home!! 6-1/2hrs until I get her from the airport!
so he basically made it :)
bra I kno what your missing to be super saiyian you need a 6PACK
I hate that guy. Ruined my fantasy team.
You played like a champion though. That was like watching vintage Tiger Woods.
Getting ready to get adjusted by a chiropractor. Been to one?_______
Those suspensions are off the chain
i was so excited for her, too!! love the dress, but i just want to pull that massive mane back!
why's it work it's magic for you?
Thx for giving women the opportunity to learn about managing finances. Such an important subject that hardly gets attn
Thanks so much for being here! See you soon!
I just wonder if the threat of rioting/unrest sways jurors.
damn you got your check??..im still waiting on that.. Trying to eat some panda and shit
There are 2Ts in
Wow I haven't been on twitter in a longtime I lost a bunch of followers
Happy New Year! Hope everyone has a "killer" year!
The struggle.
Thanks for your empowering, service-focused message to UMBC students yesterday. It was a pleasure to meet you at the dinner.
I'm trying my nigga! Look online!! What going on out there?
To the cat: "No, I can't go to bed yet. I have to read more about Heidegger."
75 and sunny in Vegas. Time to get neu and walk the Zazzter.
#TEDxumn met a UM Engineering student who schooled me in Ambient Techno music during break. Never heard of ANY of it. Awesome. I'm SO old!
I think Flynn made a bad choice. Miami has better roster and he already knows the system. He could've turned team around faster.
wow. Wish I could go to a Caps game with a friend who has awesome seats.
It was great meeting you. I hope you will MC my ACT-SO Project for the NAACP on August 18, 1013. Cynthia Harris
see you Friday and at WordCamp.
none of ur business!!
Getting CPR and First Aid Certified :)
I meant Now to bed hahahah yeah yeah I'm Swedish nite nite
My old man raised me to be a diehard baseball fan, but in adulthood I've realized that basketball is the vastly superior sport.
“True faith rests upon the character of God and asks no further proof than the moral perfections of the One who cannot lie.”
When Nico speaks spanish >
Last night in cambridge :(
Im so nervous for my pyschology final today...
Ah, I'm up in Putnam, complete opposite end of the state - maybe some day we'll all meet for real!
Wind chills near zero...school delays too...kids may get an extended holiday...and how much snow could we get? Join us beginning at 5am!!
SUCCESS! New home = west Oakville. We realized this morning the repercussions of living next to a Svenhardt's factory with the windows open.
- also got some aged legendary samischlous (15%) also....
Yea Man, Shit Got Real On Sesame Street...
When a good song gets ruined by idiots that over play them.
im menat boy in my class
(AP) -- Romney reaffirms his view that marriage should be between man and woman, contrasts with Obama.
oh fuck, didnt know it went up that much! nice.
lol text me when you finish “: .......... if u werent so close to me i'd hate you . I hope I interrupted again.”
Happy Easter.
I'm getting that info for you! I'm seeking/picking up the donations on behalf of a good friend & his wife, so I hadn't prev. asked.
Girl girl girl, the rosemary powder will change your life.
Its important that you get prequalified so you know how much you can afford before you start shopping for a home.
yes im missing out sitting in a car and watching a movie :O sounds fucking amazing!
On set shooting in Rhode island
Had a great investigation at morrison lodge this past weekend. It rocked.
tonight's the night...i do my surprise cameo...it goes viral...i take medicine for it...
… can't talk with ya if it ain't counterfeit !
lol, i'm in bed, waiting for my washing machine to finish so i can put it on the dryer and go to sleep :(
I can't tell u how excited I am to be here at the Marc for "under African skies" a story of Paul Simon making Graceland album.
thanks but I live in l.a., california
its so nice out today :)
Any plans on releasing the soundtrack? It would be an amazing listen!
that feeling you get when your friend doesn't want to talk to you and you feel like crying
So teachers dont teach anymore?.....ok, cool .. :/
Thursday birthday = Fucked up on Saturday= hung all the way over on Sunday yup!
This cab driver is going 2 kill us if he doesnt stop lookin at my legs & stop askin us if we're girl.
As far as I know there isn't one. I have the Apple keyboard and its a big complaint on the market. Sorry buddy.
bro my phone died ! I will text you later
Preparing my questions for today's book club conversation on The Electric Kool Aid Acid Test - Have anything you'd like to add?
wonder if my heart will ever be back?
At some Hollywoodish party that vaguely smells of piss, trying to look insightful on the couch so some dude will come talk to me.
lol yeah I missed Half of DRUGS for watic acoustic. I heard rumor mill for the first time and it was perrf
Sports Illustrated article on #SDSU Basketball will hit next week (2-21?). It should be BIG! Go #Aztecs...Fight On! Hurry up and be 2-26!
": And that pedicure lasted 2 minutes. #DangIt." time to find a new place to get a pedicure
Going out for my dads birthday tonight :) Love my daddy! <3
love your tweets and thoughts. Let the critics unfollow...
Sprucing up our Bleu Velvet cocktail: we're talking Skyy vodka, lime juice & Blue Curacao! Hope you join 4/19! Email !
Imma tlk to my store manager tomorrow and tlk business and c wat cn happen
Just made it from Cincinnati to Ironton in an hour and 55 min.
local chicagoan 's apparel in his avi makes me sick.
Thanks for helping to produce the PSA!
No worries. Thanks for responding! Maybe I'll see you there. :-)
I really need to learn how too wash dishes
Jeana Sweeney, #CMTA director of community services: One person can make a difference in battling Charcot-Marie-Tooth
sounds great, but I am doing extended family time in n cambridge. Look out tomorrow, though
Welcome the North American Fighting Championship to Twitter!! Milw debut Sat April 3 @ WI State Fair Park. UFC & WEC vets battle WI's best.
Crunch Time! Don't forget, reference assistance is available...
Definitely! RT : tonight is all about the
Great save by Henrik, that was a rocket from the circle.
To counter high gas prices drafting should be allowed on the interstate. All about better MPG.
Thanks! Hope you have a great day!!
you know what they say about #carbs... and you love bacon dont even
Interview tip: The thank-you note is not out of style; might just set you apart from others, especially those who just send a quick email.
Credit for the broncos win should be spread around - coach fox, Von miller... But tebow... Tebow!
i would love to sing with you :") its my dream for that to happen and to be a singer <3 tell me plz when u open ur record label
Powell Teen Trends Full Loft Study Bunk Bed - Best Price Reviews ...
- all in timee... Thankss for the support J!
aye but not everybody's like that there, most people are good with making the same amount in wages... Not necessarily here tho
No he's still got his job. Living off his bloody Dad.
Thanks for following! Follow :-)
wow that's so exciting! Could you ever imagine doing something like that?
The computers are down at the library and my phone is the only connection to our catalog. I am officially a handheld librarian today.
Many thanks sir. I wasn't sure where it was in the app, but I found it. Already saving away. :)
's mom doesn't like Friends. OMG.
"The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire." -- Ferdinand Foch, military strategist
I think Team Derek needs to assemble in SD!
On org structure: "simplify the hell out of it. You want alignment. You don't want matrixes in 5 different ways."
instead of going to a stupid assembly im goin to sonic :D
Aw hi my little baby Rt : Listening Nervous.
Hey, Bob Jr! Are you the messiah?
hey!! I'm actually using twitter because of you (;
Dexter Season Four was awesome, but all I have to say is cliff hanger much!! Well back to it, break time is over. Lots yet still to do.
can't wait to get this weekend over with
I like both Albums alot but as of now i'd give the nod to C4 I think they both solid.
God works in mysterious wayS. Ways we may never know of but we do know he is Good! <3
I never gave depression much thought til it happened to me. I don't think anyone can understand until they feel/witness it 1st hand.
this is one hell of a series...
were never goanna go out!
Bored out of my mind *starts clapping ass unsuccessfully lol
Good morning Twitter friends! What has everyone got planned for this beautiful Saturday? Question: What is your favorite breakfast food?
LETS GO CAPS!!
so jealous. Let's go!
I know "Doctors looking at Brady, backup QB warming up" is news, but I nearly had a heart attack, sports writers. Thanks a bunch.
And so the research waits until tomorrow... MT : All NYC libraries are closed today thanks to the snow.
I should have realized I was dreaming straightaway- I never have clean and matching clothes ready for work.
well that was a hell of an episode/finale setup.
You ain't gettin no free promotion here
because they get away with it all the time? #YouDontSeeWhatYouDontSee (or aren't shown)
I had a mini heart attack when I looked at my credit card statement till I realized I bought new damn tires! :(
Today, my dad bought some cows at a small auction in Cottonwood, ID and the President supported gay marriage. I love this country.
I envy you soo much right now :'(
This year in Pakistan 647 Christian were tried with Blasphemy charges
merry Christmas to you to my dear:p
walker is open today! See their tweet
Just got home !
Well, I don't like to brag, but...
if you say so. :p
- Oh You Get On My Nerves , Ion Fuck w / Ya !
what do you think of the LG Optimus Vu?
LOL THE YOUNG ME
Even the most beautiful flower blossoms out of dirt and mud...
Edward is in the hosptial
Toes in the water, ass in the sand
awww poor boo boo, hope she gets better
Here we go: Sara &Sean Watkins on stage.
i see
the picture was gross. but you are too, alphamale.
Monday evening might work for me. Also, what does earlier Friday look like for you?
I'll look up the details of the speaker we saw...I tend to be a skeptic but came out of the event with a lot of respect.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!!! =)
he's standing up for the people he loves. What's so wrong with that?!
Can I just say how wonderful your positivity is? :)
Love yourself. You don't need to be loved or understood by others. take it easy, enjoy your life :)
Lolz how the freak is that my fault yell at mama lmao
Thanks but equal thanks go to , our awesome speakers, and the awesomest attendees EVAR!
Prayers go out to Nolan Richardson's family. His son Nolan Richardson I passed away yesterday.
Real Good :D .
Being a woman is so beautiful. I'm watch Alicia Keys talk about her pregnancy and being a mommy.
congrats and atticus!
sent you the info let me know if you have any questions.:)
hahahaha! Save a spot for me on LEFT ON MANE
I like your style of music
. What if you ask copyright holder and they say no? No penalty if you ask, are denied, then fall back on fair use.
I didn't mean to RT that..oops. But I'm not gonna loose it this time for real!
Looked pretty bad. Sprained knees are never good.
When your phone corrects "idont" to "idontlikedirtybathrooms"
The weirdest people fly at night
thanks for the perch recommendation. Finally checking it out. Have you ever installed on mediatemple?
oh Laura. Words fail. Thinking of you.
Amber's hair is starting to go past that hot unkempt stage into the long awkward stage.
I was walking down the street...
Thank you for the kind words.
Just finished the 1st Hunger Games book. Looking forward to seeing the movie with my wife.
Summer includes working two jobs, road trip to tenn. and swimming/tanning :D need more plans
*rolls eyes*
Title IX sexual harassment training obligations can seem overwhelming. Tips: prioritize those to train & utilize existing trainings
Omg best thing ever just happened. I won a freakin collab with digitalmunchies!!!!
He looks like a great dog!
Closing out our conference this morning. We hope everyone enjoyed their time at #WFX Dallas 2011
#CantWait,come on 8am! Ill be in North #Miami on set filming a #wrestling based commercial! Money Money #Money!
Grazi citizen journo! Mr. Wallenda must have just barely beat the rain. Or was it raining as he walked?
Had a stressful day and I have no one to talk it out wit so me and the ditty bop gona sit and chit chat...# alotonmymind
I must be a little bored because I found time to tweet.
13 n u
what them lakers gon do Christmas
I give my heart in a prayer and send it with love. <3
Come with me, tomorrow ain't guaranteed
Dreaming of the day can open up for great artists like Tom Petty!
Being really productive in this class drawing cartoons for
Looking at it live
what are some of the songs you worked on?
In going to bed <U+E011><U+E13C><U+E04C>
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother. -- Theodore Hesburgh
Love u more mayne! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>RT : Happy Birthday to my homegirl Love ya Betch
Gearing up to support and defend MKE taverns at the MKE Common Council tomorrow.
Have a Firehook Bakery Croissant for breakfast!! It's an all butter crescent shaped croissant made from scratch-delicious!
My dad wants to put our Christmas tree outside...
It's been a fascinating day to be a handicapper.
Busy day at the ballpark... #Brewers have packed the stands once again... Anyone surprised?
thanks for the recommendation, Randy!
Yep. RT : Joey Votto deserves just as many plaudits as Pujols/Adrian/etc get on a regular basis. Tremendous player.
Guess I better start packin
Its not how old I am, but when I grow up.
So saddened to hear of the loss of a friend, who was also my daughter's guitar instructor. We are stunned. God's peace to all those who...
Really, your threatening made you look pretty childish. Fuck you, kid.
Warriors come out to play
I think I'm losing sleep over this.
My entire body just shut the fuck down. Holy shit.
how did that sidewayz taste last night?
I like to pretend tupac is talking to me when he says that ima down ass bitch and he ain't mad at me
loll gap posing
You ever cover GenY & the student debt crisis? We'd love to chat with you about it & our film
Looking forward to tonight... See you two on the live cast.
i remember when you gave me a shoutout during one of your livestreams! i was extremely happy! thank you! love you bella! <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
layover in korea. China next stop
I love game 7s but this game 6 has been amazing.
You live your life in the saddest way I've ever seen. You are the reason I don't believe.
Watch the #Superbowl and #TheVoice in our lounge!
Hell yea tweaking it's 3 in the morning nshit.
Matthew 5:9 Blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called children of God.
"THE PHIL & JOHN SHOW FEB 29TH Timothy's Pub 344 Brown's Line T.O
I feel like my pain tolerance is a lot higher than I think.. shots everyday and severe TMJ pain
that's so mean! Lol
Balls. My phone won't charge.
didn't even know what awesome was until awesome arrived. Happy birthday to the awesomest !!
Yea.. You at the crib?
Ah bayern won!! Gomez with a goal, what a surprise. I'll admit it, I became their fan through FIFA
Impractical jokers.
Just using the new pressure cooker from QVC to make pot roast in only 40 minutes... Taste good
Google Hangouts on Air has potential to be a game changer for collab. Hangouts are recorded and on YouTube for those who missed the meeting.
feel like im getting close
You should know better than to listen to the radio, at least "popular" radio. C'mon now.
Yes! RT : Goddess Reminder: It's time to dance, hottie cakes. Turn up the music. Let the groovestar out to play.
Come on rain!!!
How about a red?
"Promise me you'll always remember: you're braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think." -Winnie the Pooh
Ahh , this movie "Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging" is too cute! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Ok, time to pass out
how do i get a pair of twitter shoes? designed by David Reese
Just saw all three members of "blonde redhead" sitting outside their rehearsal space and had to try hard to not say love your band again!
Favorite friday
What defines happiness? :(
lmao thanks and yes i am ur bitch :)
How would you know how talented I am by what I tweeted? Exactly, you can't. You're probably like 12. So stfu and gtfo.
it's pretty great!
My mom trying to get me to eat something I don't wanna eat. Foul! I just got into the h. Lolol
:( that sucks Jen
Turkey chili already in the slow cooker for tonight, oh its gonna be tasty!!
we would like to see the said #friendshipbracelets at the event on March 2nd!
thank YOU! PS - I've been eating Chobani since WAY before it was cool. Just sayin'.
Start small so you're not overwhelmed. Remember main goals & deadlines 1st, pick 3 top things to do, then dig in. Breathe.
Please contact your Local Hard Money Specialist: "Milton A. Zaiontz I" @ 210-744-3030 Email@
and so here i am, begging mercy4my sin, remembering times when i held a simpler mind,when all we had was time&remember i will always always
We do all sorts of content. No pressing need for a lawyer though =). Thanks for connecting!
Omg i love those!:) my favorite is the caramel!:)
This Day in History: April 20, 1972
ready to leave dis place
1 WEEK TILL I SEE THE BOYS AGAIN AT THE BEACON <3
Wondering if ever made that video for ECU?
Everyday, I wish I was Austin's bestfriend.
Low fat means high sugar. Watch out for that old trick! Not to mention the long list of chemicals in low fat products! Read the ingredients
When you finally get something good, enjoy it, keep it, cherish it. Don't go on trying to look for something better.
what was the pic? I missed it :(
Why didn't she Just Call his phone?
AW. Are you enjoying the lack of societal pressure to eat turkey? Or perhaps missing the lack of societal pressure to eat pie?
Well they're anti-racism bands so black and white makes sense.
Worked all day yesterday and made a lot of money! Now today is for rest!
I'm game if you want someone to be your sherpa
iPad STILL claims 10 hours of battery life!!
QoTD: "Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose." (Tom Krause)
How about choosing to think: my highest good is on the way to me now.
The WI Senate & WI Assembly have procedures to pass legislation but do not have to follow them & the SC can't make them. Not a Step Ahead!
are you going to bring any of us a cake tonight??? (cc )
Pittsburgh QB Randall stripped of ball. recover at 22. Garcia hits Willis for score on next play. SA up on Power, 40-32, in third.
make me bitch ass
BEST PERFORMANCE BY AN ACTOR IN A LEADING ROLE IN A PLAY: James Corden,Philip Seymour Hoffman,James Earl Jones,Frank Langella,John Lithgow
#CentralOnline last service of the day!
Merry Christmas!
I swear I fall harder for him everyday...
And now, Hunger Games soundtrack thanks to my favorite roommate, !
Going to atlantic city tonight!!! Woo!!!!!!!!
Sorry, I got distracted. I really Like HP5 so far for 4x5. Not as fond of Tri-X as I usually am and have not tried HP4.
#teamfollowback is REAL!!! And C3 is taking over Dallas with each new initiate. Retweet and let your followers everywhere know about us!!!!
Monday's Stoop Show
cool name (:
Leaving school for a hour because you don't want to go to the class you hate. HA. HA. bitch..
Or, some would question whether YOU just hate Robbins because he's a rich dude...just messin' w/YOU :)
I wish you would call me !# BELIEVE
Thanx 4 the love pimp. Check out my new project "THE PURPLE PACK".
is a SNAKE!!!
oh no, It's dead right now because I'm too lazy to charge it. but you can text me!!! I want to know how your games went <3
he's actually won a few states, has delegate support that could create upset at brokered convention. He's reshaping GOP.
if he's lucky lol
Sometimes we don't need advice. We just need somebody to listen.
congratz on your sales! keep up the great work!
and howdy back at ya?
It is! Much of my work is on problems in #highered and many of the issues are ignored, which adds a dimension of politics.
Yay! Dakota please follow me? :)
Haven't txt in a minute&you stopped calling...Guess I saw it coming. #sad so I'm going to BED...
amen to that!
Thanks to all those who retweeted us yesterday about #JessicaSanchez on #Idol & on !
2.29 miles on the treadmill this morning. Corn Flakes and bananas in almond milk for breakfast. Different taste but still filling.
Been so busy and neglectful of Twitter. I apologize to all!!!
Dear dad- do u think a murder uses a to build up his cardio/ endurance weeks before the big day?
love talking to my summer intensive dance friends :D
RT: “: Back pains. Cramps. Craving reeses. #FemalePains” +++ YES!! This is US :)
oof, thanks, Ryan! Tonight was pretty rough.
check out KISS Coffee shop sometime. We love getting to know our customers!
Jeff Suppan's all "Alright Black Bart...now you get yours." n the Brewers are all “Oh no." Pew pew
4 DA DIMES THAT WANNA B A QUARTER NU HELLZ 10DEEP AND STUSSY, LEGGINGS & DRESSES!! U CAN"T B 21 FOREVER, GROW UP!!!! Page Themes
Appreciate those who love you. Help those who need you. Forgive those who hurt you. Forget those who leave you.
Our Trench 75/felon 31 line has been drawing a few clicks and we are over joyed, I think... lol
And that is a alluring prospect! ...Sigma out
sometime it works, sometimes it doesn't. it's all about what yr believing in. real talk.
will post pix from the event and let you know when I get one of hers up alright?
Happiness is not having what u want but wanting what u already have <3>
its hard to find the same in a girl lol, in a girl that won't play us lol
Taking FB stalking to whole nother level today....dear GAWD am I creepy today.
Bout to see what this Detroit 187 is all about. Make me proud ABC!
HELL NO. Pants are supposed to cover your ass
#SIIIIIIIKKKKEEEEE gotcha bitch ass
thanks it is nice to get it on the same day as 9 to 5 badge
AYE PUT ME UP IN THE EXIT SEATING!!!!
Love it when a big project comes back from the printer. Hate it when a key detail is missed, in spite of several checks and reassurances.
RT if you tired like me
You can "like" anything on Facebook, but there's alot more going. How much of your personal information may be exposed? Tonight at 10,TMJ4
RT #TBLonELLEN make it happen for ,
We did an FHA streamline refi in November that dropped our rate 2% -- so we're enjoying lower mos payments too. What a blessing.
The #Aztecs are now fouling to try and extend the game. 61-50 Lobos with 1:50 left.
Is such a cutie pie! What an amazing voice! I'm kinda starting to fall in love with him :)
Thank you for the RTs on our Career Fair & Networking Event this Wed!
Austin inspires me so much <U+2665>
Amongst all the things that keep me busy, I have to also study for the US Naturalization test! At Whistler... instead of beers, studying :-(
just got home everyones bugging me now im single can take this tomorrow im getting my number changed
So true
my fav song! I put on a whole show last night in the bar bahaha!
RT : We're interviewing ladies at Bar Method today, new exercise studio in the Pearl AND we're sampling their ab/butt/thigh...
Can I get a follow back? :)
JESELNIK FOR THE WIN! : I just found out the other half of Dick Clark died.
Shoot me with your word. Kill me with your eyes. But still, like air I'll rise.
Additional $15M to the Ryan White Act
Funnest practice ever!!
thank you!
sweet. Im popping ny to say hello
#GWU students: As you tackle your finals, remember that your faculty believe in you. Good luck, everybody - you can do it!!
Had the most amazing Tuna Salad, thanks to & The best I've ever eaten, no joke.(:
Time for the move to first.. at least a few games a week.
Scheming.....patiently waiting.
When I met legendary Ennio Morricone for our collaborations in NYC I expended my hand for him to shake and he extended his for me to kiss.
heard it on the radio on the way back from the game (;
no:( I'm doing the 100, 200, and 4x100
Dam its a good
Pacers defeat Heat 78-75 in Game 2. The series is tied at 1-1.
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. - Viktor Frankl
Need to relax? How about a facial... 20% off today! Call 630-434-9053
Shit gets crazy in the heat.
going to miss youu too! Love you
I use a kitchenaid immersion blender and a magic bullet set alternately and love both.
Forgive the intrusion, but RW subscription includes continued access after graduating or leaving the university
This young Iowan Zach Wahls continues to impress. Props to #JonStewart for having him on.
isn't it funny that it's a Sprint commercial, but we all refer to it as the Doodle Jump commercial?
you all right there mate?
brain is starting to max out......mostly in a good way, but.......
Come see OBOSD author Zoe Ghahremani speak 4/26 at The San Diego Junior League at 6 pm at 210 Maple Street 92103!
It's gonna be a Soul Shakedown Party tonight!!
Every time I look up, Mike Bibby is laying on the floor on the offensive end.
Awesome. The Malagueta's great - even January ;)
Im throwin signs its lookin like i gang bang im on the team its lookin like i gang bang im smokin weed my bitch she smoke the same thing
Kids going back to college? Handy Andy has some MUST-SEE tips for a successful move in day. Tune in live at 9!
it was boring
I doubt I'd like NYC. I mean, between the rats, and the people having sex in the streets. Which they only get TICKETED for, LOL
I feel bad for all the people who are following me that aren't Mahomies because I just raped their timeline with Austin lmao<3
That awkward moment when you know your bestfriend so well that when you see a tweet or status you can hear their voice speaking it ..
So glad that we can connect after a long time!
One of the greatest discoveries a man makes, one of his great surprises, is to find he can do what he was afraid he couldn't do.
There has been a Fatality in Henryville, IN. Reports still coming n on that
Until death do us part.
It's not everyday that someone from the New York Times contacts you. :)
"Pain doesn't tell you when you ought to stop. Don't let it stop you from being who you can be"
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: The South Shore's Finest Fish Fry.
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. Aristotle
That crown of gold wasn't the Victory that Vyserys thought it would be-not that he's thinking that much these days.
When speaking of love and lost, time may heal all wounds, but there will always be scars
and it's rare it's that coldest have known we had someone fr Cali visiting who would cry about it lol
abc passed
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job? Can you help
"I want some free lemonade" - Heather Heathcock, 2010
always but its a good busy. I hope you all are having a productive enlightening weekend!! I'm off for now, more in the eve!
I'm distracted by sharpie brain, and teens managing to blackout homicidal poetry.
We're big fans! But not the crazy ones!
Ryan Flaherty reference from Brenly. Flaherty, from Portland, ME, about hour north of Boston, got start for BAL at Fenway. Great kid - BB
u closed that bear cage I saw u lol
Hitting Silent Disco at 3. Headphones almost sold out. Get it.
Since im awake its time to get baked
i saw u n the "fagget" brian walking to the train lol
"We're women. We have a double standard to live up to."
yeah. Be there in six hours
Boyfriend music video on Tuesday! Cant wait :)
There is no such thing as CHOCOHOL ;-)!
Tribute to Mankind Cafe!
got to work early, sitting quietly, enjoying my bacon/egg/pepperjack biscuit when i got called to the "Smoking Room"...
$$$$ALERT$$$$$BIG PLAY COMING TOMORROW BE AROUND FOR THE MONSTER RUNNER$$$$$$$1530EST 5BAG PLUS PLAYERS$$$$$$$$$$$$ NO JOKE SOLID PLAY$$$$$
gross, I hate bug but it's funny howl you screamed the song instead of ah
how excited are you to see and I at the Chicago show?
I may not have a flat stomach, but my curves are just as sexy. This also goes out to all those curvy girls. You're beautiful. <3
Focusing on the task at hand! This was meant to be!
sounds great will have to try that
It was in bottom right of email.
"hey guys! That kid wants to fight you!!" *guys act all badass and run to bathroom* "GO GET THE TABLE!!"
I'm obsessed with omg such a bad ass and I love it!
Scandal I like this
A real woman would never pull a man away from his child
what a great exhibit. Unfortunately that song will be in your head for days.
using WP builtin shockwave support for PDF embed. Any other ideas for builtin support? Not sure if sw will be reliable enough.
Dear snow: I could use a snow day.
This is a lame attempt to get "ahead" on readings before the class begins, even though it's assigned for the first day in January.
you have no idea what I went through last year with my life . I'd rather be overweight than weigh 93 pounds again .
heyy we both want to win the contest so how about we both say we sent eachother to get it started for us?
Do you have something on your mind but not sure its the right idea? Well, give it a try. Try and fail is no disgrace!
according top social media it's now a toss up between the #MXpresidentialDebate producer and the trashy model in white dress
your welcome!
Had a handsome young gentleman place a hundred single dollar bills in my ample cleavage last night. Ahh, Tuesday.
gonna force myself to sleep. so ya, night. <U+270C>
A member of my #bookclub sent me a handmade journal to inspire the #writing of my next #book. #sothoughtful #thepressureison :)
Can get a badge or certificate for that?
Damn....that sux! Well...for the rest of us it does. Lol. At least u tried. 1 Luv
Wow OKC going in on them Lakers.....
Big Estate Sale tomorrow 3465 Graves Easthaven
...also known as stripping for money?
I find it fascinating.
My teeth hurt. ):
Heartbreaker, land of the cheap but cute little skirts. $14
Workin out with my bro jose serrato. obssed with working out. Love it
I Wonder Whats Vinny Ganaa Say Tonight Bout The Episode Of ABDC .
Nope! is way too cool to be me. I'm scared of tattoos and piercings but we both <3
whoa! I think your #klout score just tripled. I gotta check out your influencers
rockin out #mylifeII till #terminal5 Wednesday! I don't mind...saying' I...love you!!
Yayyayayay I want to see your face.
Tune into on the CW at 9 a.m. to learn about a free theatrical show put on by and SDSU music education students.
Same shit every day.... Thats sad...
Lana Del Rey is not the single most original artist of my lifetime. So I fucking hate her.
So done.
as it should. He's a fat dbag.
QT : How you gon diss Lebron in a song and then go to one of his games? (Who? Tyler the Creator?)
thank you!!(: hahah I just love <333
Could be super dope
Leander Paes wins third straight doubles crown in Miami
I think I may be a little too punchy to use Twitter.Confusing
Finished she's walking away with the crown
out the country?? Take me contigo
That's about the only thing that pulls me away from language too...
yup. Sure am. Looking at a few apartments. Gonna be moving here next week!
dr martens are like the best thing ever tbh!
#Imagine You and Zayn are lying on the roof, watching the stars. He turns around ''You're so beautiful.'' He kisses you passionately.
Good morning everyone! Do work in what you guys do today!
No problem!
Just picked up Daughter of Smoke and Bone... oh boy, this writing is just INTOXICATING and I don't know why...
WooHoo! Just set up Apple Configurator to sync our iPads...Will check in morning if it all worked :)
Man I miss playing football. Shouldn't have ever gave up that dream.
I know, it finally had to happen! On my way to dinner, no less, with who is way more of a sport about it than I was.
I picked up the water bottle cap in accident and put it in there lol.
mostly wanted to talk about TEDx and Startup America!
I'm in a fantasticly craptastic mood today.
Well my day is going to be amazing cartier i started it with glee
I nd new music
That's awesome.
omg I'm dying
Thanks for the support! We appreciate it.
Takin a early shower
crucial turnover by
Just ate my bodyweight at kenneys. bout to go eat a shit fuck of pie.
Just ate an ostrich burger. Curious.
gs, which team do you guys like? sharks or kings
Really? They took you seriously? RT People. My goodness. Joking.
Watch tomorrows episode of on NBCSports Network and see my Dad fishing w/ Baja Pirates in Mexico!
my homeroom teacher made cynthia cry more than she already was >.>
When Mexican people want to go out for Mexican food do they say "let's go out for food?"<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
over the past 24 hours, all three of my meals have been chilli. ow
How was your food?
JEREMY WON THE BIGGEST LOSER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! #JEREMYISTHEBIGGESTLOSER he lost 199 pounds!
Firstrowsports has it
Just tapped, Afterburner IPA (replaces Port Brewing Hop 15)
Bully left you enraged?
vote for missnjusa Julianna White She is from South Jersey and is my niece
I did, I did! It was awesome!
If you could describe #car2go in only three words, what would they be?! Let us know!
Playing noise music into the 'voice search' feature of the Merriam Webster Dictionary app
lol rubber tongs. U were rollin reporting that story. Good 1
Meeting on sunday in LA, with a potential client.
That's foul how the Spurs using the "mob deep" theme music after the Knicks bench called their-self mob deep. And Jenobli hit the 3
Sounds like a great cause to support.
I think her phone is going to blowup when she wakes up lol sorry
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!! I NEED THAT FEELING THAT DREAMS COME TRUE!! PLEASE!!! I know you're not reading this.. I'm start to crying
When you read a lot of their Wither The Mountain Towns of Colorado coverage in one sitting, it becomes really obvious
It's always fun hanging with you and . cc
Maybe you should think about your choice of words beforr you tweet them.
Was watching in Beloved ! That movie is creepy yet good <3
I just condensed the people im following. No offense I just dont want the same thing from 20 different people.
haha ya,,, part 9 is up now to :) im done writing for today :) i hope you like the story
talk about big data!! We really need to start thinking about retention limits for all this data.
totally agree - my best informal training sessions have had an overall guiding structure, which allows freedom to explore.
enjoy. I have a feeling that tonights speech will be special.
ALZM .0279 up.. cant step away for 1 second on this one....
Backing the Giants in the SB!
Working on Photoshop for Gia Fragalli Creations!!!!!!!
Who knew Dunedin could be so much fun?
we bout to trade then for a porn shoot
": Say "DIRECTIONATOR" really Fast and you'll get "Direction Hater" #justsayin"
Wow just lost half of his followers! Best of luck to him though.
I hope the "NO" is followed with alternatives The strength to say "no" to a manager when he demands an unnecessary course.
Jon Ippolito: components goes bad, screens increase resolution, CD-ROMs bit rot = "storage equals death"
IT'S HOT DOG HAPPY HOUR! NEXT 5 new followers win a FREE LOADED Nathan's Famous ALL BEEF HOT DOG...Tell your friends to follow HOT DOG OKC!
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has. - Epictetus
wait you're in love already?
i know loving you is so wrong but i cant help it ;)
Why isn't anyone talkin bout Orlando? I think they're beatin boston or tha cavs. No one can match up wit howard! Beast mode
I'd eat that but it probably has aids
I guess money means more to you than customer support and satisfaction
Well, Happy Birthday! Or do I have to say, Burfday?
Hahahahaha my friend Itzel is like.... Idk, she's so funny maannnn. Love her
whoops. My bad. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
In what way is querying SQL easier? I always get hung up on things like left outer joins...
Sitting around the table with a pile of #storeysguides planning the future
nice! thanks for that and for coming.
i hope you had a good shave.
Hellz no. That song with the lyric <bubble gum tongue> ICK. Why is it still played on the radio. *changes station EVERY time* Rant over.
Dave Cole Spare yourselves from self-pity. It is always self-defeating. Subdue the negative and emphasize the positive.
My Mom is a BITCHH.!!
hi five! :-) I'm about to start my cleanse Sunday.
srry but that fight was paid for Cotto didn't put his all in the fight, cause if he did mayweather would be lookin like trash
#30MinutesorLess got me cracking up!!
rotfl. watching this video from a couple weeks ago. "don't be a pussy when eating pussy."
enjoy life!!! Dont stress mane!
++++ interview and dialogue btwn Herbstreet and Cowherd on ESPN radio today!!
fuck no I was like they need to speed up this process shit.
Edith Hunzinger, visits Düsseldorf as they prepare “royal” visit to the Seychelles
just sorted out a nice ajax pagination, sorting, and live search implementation with rails - this would make a nice tutorial
this is justification for not voting?
So, can talk about portfolios while I 'tut', take sharp intakes of breath and vigorously shake my head? Awesome!
lol he shows no emotion
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Cinnamon Apple Syrup 4.45 / 5 Stars | 54 Reviews by Lauren "Apples simmered with sugar and cinnamon.. makes a gr
Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
Just cause we're such strong minded people. But I'm thinking yeah cause we're so fuckin lovable lol
Thanks! Is there something wrong with the color? I look like I'm dead, but wearing a lightsaber for a tie.
"you don't know how ya met me, ya don't know why, but you can't turn around and say goodbye<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>"
There are two kinds of secrets. Those we keep from others. And those we hide from ourselves.
tell me what u think
to be in a cutscene
We're working on a brand new homepage and instructional video. We can't wait to show you guys!
Something i hate is looking down on my arms and looking at the scars i have from my cuts
Ciroc Peach is great mix with V8 Splash fruit drink
Chi-town!
Can you imagine how terrifying it would be to actually NOT know the difference between your ass from a hole in the ground?
I Can't Wait To Show You All What I've Been Working On ! <3
2 ways to play in Hollywood, on a winning team, or a losing team. Pick the right one!
it's ok friend
Good list. But don't forget Leon Searcy!
Lakers got this one in the bag
B'cuz they use to swallowing
and duet is one of the best I've heard in a long time
lol how long is it a day ? Like a full school day o que ?
thought so <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
what up!?
You had me at the guacamole...delightful read or "bite"!
Nice post Heather! Just subscribed to your feed.
Hello and good morning, I hope everyone has a nice week! What are your plans?
RT : This one for clean-water plumbing. ·
Did you catch a game this weekend?
Kosher prisons spend millions on food for non-Jewish inmates - Haaretz
sounds like the bizarre in DT baghdad
Im hungry..
Did you get kicked out for dancing on the bar again? RT : Officially boycotting average Joe's. As should you.
Just downloaded PPT and DOC for #au2011 class:Real Projects,Real Math by Hoping for a screencast. Awesome.
I just realized it's already the 17th. This month is flying by fast!
Gotta love trash T.V. aka Jerry Springer show
how you been?
Jumped 17'3.75" in Akron. But that gets me nowhere
In the midst of NBA & NHL Playoffs, the NFL gets 39.6 M viewers for the #NFLDraft WOW!
interesting new music day: the decemberists, florence + the machine, and uh, metallica with grandpa simpson
yes...cool
Watching #AlamoBowl - what a shoot out! Never thought I'd say it, but go Huskies.
Those be the fake ones...that remain fake
i need a vacation
Austin, why don't you wear your puka necklace anymore? D:
Excellent. See you next Tuesday.
Ego--from editors, other agents, other writers or myself.
Starting to paint Mets new stadium Citi Field-it's a little like the front of New Yankee stadium. Lots of details to paint, that's good!
Assville's getting absolutely screwed.
How to show a customer you care - drive 17 hours through the night to package & ship their - New Orleans -->
At the salon and I need my hair re-bleached. Why is the owner/my beautician in the Dominican Republic! Everyone is lost without her. Ugh!
Hey Ceasar! Was listening to Beastie Boys and realized haven't checked in on your tweets! Be well mi amigo!!!
RT : Prisoner of Her Past is now scheduled to air in LA! We are at 397 broadcasts and have reached 74% of the country. Wow.
Video shooting for the next video will begin next week? You excited?!
well keeping busy is good
A lot of people are just starting to pay attention. Many more will waiting till the weekend before. And many never will.
then some hints please. Or u can just dm me. I wont say anything i promise!!
Team rankings were too small on my bracket to read so picked my teams "blind."
"If you didnt fuk with me then what make you think imma fuk with you now"
thanks Joe!
Hyped for PLL.
Hi and thanks for the follow. Cheers!
Beautiful day at Folsom lake today. Grateful.
well it's true :3 lol
When my phone won't work<<<<<<<
ohmygod im going to puke i just watched the boys get voted off waterworks = on
Osama Bin Laden is dead. Please be mindful/aware. Though we see him as someone other than admirable, he had people who thought otherwise.
We're out on I-25 right now where we're finding more problems with street lights. And PNM is making changes because of our story on KOB
RT compared to the tour bus, my bed at home sucks. i fall asleep and wake up in the same city?!?! what fun is that? my house needs wheels.
Loving Contre jour on my iPhone. How can one game be sophisticated, adorable, and this much fun.
Busy, busy - We're prepping for the trunk show this weekend at ! Looks like it's going to be a lovely weekend in NC!
Yes. I have a Teboner.
Maybe im with my family
On my way to NYC! I wonder if there is anything cool this weekend?
Math was invented to Murder And Torture Humans
I need to get the #LifeProof iPhone case soon
Britney has a concert that day :( soo sad she won't be there!
WHEN YOU’RE EATING AND YOU SEE SOMETHING FUNNY.
Take (YOUR) picture baby! Tonight OUTinCHI will be at Roscoe's Tavern! Show us your green!
WOW. Can't believe you did this in one weekend!
#OHMYGOD I need too get out of here.
Wanna hear a joke? :D ....you.
`Hunger Games&#39; heroine Katniss makes archery cool for kids, minus the hunger and killing stuff
Blue eyes... Hi. Last night was interesting.
I want to o so badly!!! What weekend is it?
Had to switch my avi back because of
ha!! Same here. Wat u doing today?
I was going to RT this...
& His Next Album Gettn Ready Too Cum Out !
in class today I wrote a story about my experience in THG...but unfortunately I was blown to bits before the 60 seconds were up.
&#39;Bohemian Rhapsody&#39; — family carpool jam
hell yeah
You'll never know how many times I've laid in my bed all night just thinking about how much you mean to me.
Did you pay your rec fee? For $30 you get access to the weight room, pool, gym, intramurals, and fitness classes. Pay in the Nat Pro Shop.
NEVER GIVE UP!!!! RT- “: I'm so upset I've called 106 times lol I WANT TO TALK TO HIM.”
Why is Ten Things I Hate About You my absolute favorite movie? Oh right, because I'm completely in love with Heath Ledger.
nig nag paddy wag
I SEE YOU
Just got told that I'm the nice lead :D
Dealohhh.com is currently looking for two sales reps for our Tampa Office. Inbox me for details. Serious Inquires Only
Everything is so wrong.
Fantastic. I know you'll love it.
What if one day i wake up and i dont remember anything, not even you? Will you remind me how much i love you?
An early HAPPY NEW YEAR from PregameWinners!
The Office Season 7 & The Walking Dead now streaming on #Netflix... YEEEAAHH BUDDY!
Happy Corporate Mandatory Affection Holiday to all! Remember, love is made, not bought.
I need some yoloan friends.
...I know you all wanted to know that. Kbye.
Going ahead and takin my tylenol because I know we r gonna cry
“: Hey Sirr”Good morning, Ms. Potter. :-)
well I said I'm sorry so many times babe, idk whatelse to say?! I told you if we got back together I wouldn't!
omg i love when people understand my pervertedness.
Why do managers bring suitcases along to away games ?So that they can pack the defence !
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the Day are Mushroom and Broccoli. Sugar free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
A new beginning starts with freedom in Christ -- There is NOTHING that the world can offer that can compare.
hi, Joe. Thanks for following!
My crazy day starts now...<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Just had a heart attack.. My 6yo son just told me he has a girlfriend - who coincidentally used to be his friend's girlfriend.
Thanks for the follow Lorena!
Jan Schaffer from ruffling some feathers in #bitsbucks panel. Says most journalists are not equipped to be entrepreneurs.
Had a blast jamming with y'all!
Hi John, thanks for the kind words :) :D
I fucked wit Tupac dont get me wrong but Biggie rapped better...i related more to Tupac tho kinda touchy subject to some folks lol
"Evil Murmuring Flies" - that pretty much sums up this synth patch!
Just finished watching Dexter on Showtime. What a great episode!
Vanella is everything like chocolate.
when is the plane ticket ready?
regular snack/meal in brazil, the "bread with egg" :) (always french bread) - it's really good!
Submitted my grades for (probably) the last course I'll teach
Today makes 1 month me & have got back together after 5 years of being apart....I love my girl Always&Forever
me: too much Apple news in today's NYT technology
Awe shucks. Thanks twitter friends for all the shout outs. You all ROCK!
AR welcomes back the Heathman Hotel Kirkland. This hotel is perfect luxury. Visit the website for specials and packages today!
maybe. You know where to get spectator passes?
Come make some tissue paper flowers for Mom. They'll last longer and she'll like them better than store-bought ones, 3PM:...
Haha I swear never get tired of talking to each other. No one understands us like we understand each other. I love you, Lils!
k but u got to say hi n wave back too! C:
He said I'm the TRUTH!!
Thaks for the tweet
“: It was great hosting service this weekend w/ She's first class in everything she does!”
Suck my cockiness, lick my persuasion.
raiders for life
today is friday the 13th...haha its my lucky day!
I really hope UNCA wins. That'd be so epic
When someone dosent answer my text right away I feel like they ate texxing someone more important than me:\
Thx for following Y'all are awesome! I'll send some tracks when my album is done in June! I've got a feeling about
He's amazing, gotta love em' (:
ICE CREAM OF THE FUTURE
I'm putting in the call for Kinsler
the answer to prayer is not according to your faith while talking but according to your faith while working Wallace D.Wattles
Hey! No, I don't but, I'm about too! Thanks so much for following!
Philly tomorrow
good. im glad it turned out so well!!
You are on fiya! :)
you're a quote within a quote. Are you drunk again? ;-)
Btw women don't really give a fuck how much you can benchpress.
and by the way good for you...keep going strong...SUPER TWEET GIRL!!!!
RT : Welcome to #s4pm tweetchat on what characteristics make an empowered patient? || #hcsm #epatients please join us
CHICAGO! T.G.I.F! But make sure Monday starts off just right with one of our cakes! 855-454-4500
Peanut and tree nut allergies are our family's biggest challenges
Already found a huge flaw w/ #GroupsForSchools: Listing for some colleges is wiki info page instead of brand page
LAST TIME I CHECKED (which was just seconds ago) I WAS A REAL WOMAN...
Taking the weekend off - catch our next show at COPPERFIELDS @ fenway on Nov 4th - put on by - thanks guys!
You too! Thanks for helping me get to follow me back tonight
Oh your a good girl? That's cool I play pretend too
Cary Grant Film Series to Debut - Barrington, RI Patch
annoying little brat!>:/
Looking so forward to partying w/ for #NYE #BodyEnglish ! #playmate with a huge heart!
Even got a joke in on my weight yesterday. I held my tongue tho. <U+E40A>
I am. 2nd car from Front... You?
dude, what's up?
I feel indignation.
send me the pictures
Headed back to b-lo to get my shit
Hahaha! That lamp is so fuzzy! :D
Thanks but just like , it takes a great team, or uh, a village. Who knows? Either way, can't wait for May 10th!
Did that just happen?!?! MIZ!!!
Would like to extend an invite to upcoming #entrepreneur event in Miami. Can you follow so I can DM details?
Four paws versus two hands...I'm not sure who gets the thumbs up in that contest.
get what I want. I'll love you through whatever , I promise you that.
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed. Richard Brinsley Sheridan
Live every single moment of your life like the world was coming to an end
*praises dances but then falls out into laughter*
Adam is the slowest bartender!
La :p & what grade you in?
Who wants to go to the soccer game with me?
awww but y??
I AM!
Go follow he is the Shit.
A full cup must be carried steadily.
Bad day for insurance companies first farmers now geico crash out in the race no wonder nobody wants to insure these guys
Unfortunately, Dead Island is whatever.
Guy Fieri says gays weird him out. I think I speak for most gays when I say the feeling is very mutual.
Have you tried our spaghetti and meatballs yet? It's a recipe from Leo and Sandy... Don't miss out!
haha yep! and im making a Cody Simpson fan account and a Ryan Beatty fan account :)
#scholarlycomm #erl12 I will try to tweet this for as long as possible, but my battery is dying...
Suspicious smell ...
Today was a GOOD day
I wondering if #Tebow has made enough money to start a car dealership??
haha you can always hope for the best though :)
At wal-mart! The one near my house only though.... (:
Dreamt that was the keynote speaker...at my birthday party. All my dog pals were there.
hey man I'm sorry I ain't got back to you but I do want to come over there play Kathy's?
We should have structured it so that if #SuperCommittee fails, their ability to raise reelection funds would be harshly capped
See you in four years, Leap Day.
west west pops how my angel doin
My annoyingly long day was just made all better
got school tomorrow , soo tiered but your WORTH IT
Ford opens new plant, vows major local sourcing of parts - Chicago Tribune
Thanks for the retweets.
still seeing copy cats jus goes to show people cant think for them selves
I think it's a nice hash to pin on those psycho GOPig sociopaths
Skype...thank you for time with my family and friends tonight...let's do it again soon, C
More water. Keeping it hydrated today.
Working on #ExtremeCouponing again tomorrow! I'll tweet some pics.
The stars are beautiful tonight
I really want some ice cream!
Don't complain about others being in your business. Especially when you make it public, via Facebook.
Camperfest? I'd be interested.
On a scale of 1-10 (1=not excited 10=extremely excited), how excited are you for National Letter of Intent Signing Day tomorrow?
If you don't have any kind of plans for your future ..
PRACTICE being a leader over your life & start with believing that you are valuable & have something of value to offer yourself and others.
block party?
lol hm text me (: n he's yours <U+E414>
The most romantic gift to me is getting my car detailed. It's the best stress relief to feel like I have a small area of my life together.
...the misery of being exploited by capitalists is nothing compared to the misery of not being exploited at all. Joan Robinson.
At our event to talk cities, tech and planning. GREAT turnout! Stop by 630 w 6th st in LA...
woo can't wait
The author was in the office yesterday for a meet-and-greet with staff. She was great AND her mom's a librarian!
While watching #DWTS, my young niece and I danced the Argentine tango. She loved it!
“If you want to work on your art, work on your life.” <U+2015> Anton Chekhov
RT : Women's history: Sadie Tanner Mossell Alexander, 1st African-American woman in U.S. to earn a Ph.D. in economics,...
I love milk so much. It is so good and creamy and delicious. I love it all the time. I could fill up my bath tub and take a bath in milk. :D
RT White House CIO Describes His 'Worst Day' Ever: dcblogs writes "In the first 40 days of President Barack Obama's......
enjoying my mini vacation back in the SIPP from ATL and the comedy stage. I'll be back on stage next week tho cant stay off of it too long
- love your imagery, your passion and your word choices for your #poem you are an amazing #writer and
#ebook people, Anna Quindlen is tweeting about her new book. = publisher. I told her we're paying $78 per copy
whats good bro.
2. in the middle is the night saying,"Who is worthy? Who is worthy? Only the lamb!" & u praise Him & can't go back to sleep!..
- I'm craving a bit of debauchery. Where are you, sinfully delicious?
I'm not obsessed, I'm dedicated. I'm not crazy, I'm in love. I don't like Cody, I love Cody. I'm not a fan, I'm a Angel.
I can feel Stevie's hyperventilating from here. :(
It's ok everyone - Paul Maholm is one of the game's top starters and the Cubs are a potent lineup with Reed Johnson and Ian Stewart
shut up! maybe I'll buy your extra. meet us at the Depot in a little bit?
Since school wants to smd and not let me wear tank tops. I wore my deepest V today. :D
KNEW IT. He just does so much stupid ish people starting calling him a troll lmao
This is our only hope. But, we have to remove the GOP RINOs or start supporting something like the American Conservative Party.
"My mother had a great deal of trouble with me but I think she enjoyed it." -Mark Twain #HappyMother'sDay to all the moms out there!
Take steps to fix the effect of stress on you. I guarantee you’ll be glad you did.
thanks hun (hugs)
Frances Arnold - Evolution is beautiful, why not use it to build the biological world?
what up
Sucks to be a #Saints fan right about now, Goodell Ain't playin around with that one year suspension of Payton!
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support(727) 474 9988 69$ Divorce. Tampa - Clearwater. Friday Special. Call NOW
Broke down and got Nars Sheer Glow in Stromboli...Hope this one is my HG Foundation..Package came tonight
yeah yeah yeah. Baby steps. Baby step!
miss your face too! Weather is finally letting up in SoFlo. Get down here lady!
Andy will play the role of savior once again.
#OECD Copenhagen output: Gov subsidies KILL entrepreneurship...
: This publisher wants more info from you.
I dont want a perfect boyfriend. I just want someone to act silly with, someone who treats me well & loves being with me more than anything.
Revenge, nah I'm too lazy. I'm just gonna sit here and let karma fuck you up.
love that one!
Keeping an open mind, applied to teaching English in South Korea and working on an application to teach in Vietnam--my preferred location.
so is missionally not a word either than? Haha
Just saw willie north pole
yes they deserve it to
Most civic pride @ arco I've seen from sac in yrs
NEVER expect you should be handed anything without putting in hard work or effort..you will fail, definitely.
lol trying to find ppl who can dance
No more numbers
FUCK YEAH!!!!!! THE ARTIST WINS BEST MOTION PICTURE!
lol true. Especially if its anything done by Kanye
You know, looking back from now, who knew that in 4 or 5 years you'd be nothing but Chum Lee.
I was at a casting call for
You are welcome! Hope you had a great holiday!
Can't wait to see my sister tomorrow!!!!
how that was not 4 penalties is beyond me
But that still affects most people who normally park there - and displaces a lot of cars.
of course! this gurl got SWAG! and imma BEAST! #I'mNotBraggingI'mJustSaying
Record High Temp of 91 degrees was tied yesterday in Evansville. This tied the record set in 1949.
Mayor Coleman wants an NBA team in Columbus? Guess we're gonna need a bigger casino.
Trying to cross on my street is ridiculous, cars everywhere! :(
Only 3 bars in Boston showing the , waiting in line while the first main card is starting... So bummed
Spencer Hawes is the new Sam Perkins
Network TV needs to give you a place to share your wit and wisdom. We'll call it The Sanz of Time.
Come in costume for those who have an appointment on Halloween!We'll be giving out gift cards for Most Scariest,Most Funniest,Most Original!
Where it all began | Free Scholarships Blog
If you put it down RIGHT . Play your cards right maybe we can fall inlove < 3333
I need help. No resistance to the Peeps, and I cannot stop!
Cant believe Kim K. and Kris H. are getting a divorce. Or did they already? The wedding was beautiful and they made a good couple. Boo who.
Watching 's final show getting goosebumps. Cant wait to hear more from and ! Loving Schematic & River James
Stayed up to late last night. Cats got a W though.
I would love you the most if you started listing distribution channels on content pages
Second first semester of graduate school complete. Psyched.
That's why they made whiskey.
I try to disguise my complaining as humor :-)
High School Basketball Team Camp had over 200 teams from 14 different states in town the last two weekends for two great tournaments!
Thank you to "EQT - Where energy meets innovation" for sponsoring the stage at the 2009 Indiana County Fair!
3-0 victory! Post-game report/thoughts and a video or two tomorrow.
Co- Pilot by check it out at www.whoistrillogy.com
fuck. i still didn't finish my homework. no more games for me, gotta finish. -spazes out-
Bring one into the slave... I'm down to support <U+263A>
An average of 10 gallons of your water footprint is lost to leaks.
Rob Zombie
real clever.
All i want is a woman who tries for me
really ? so its no coincidence i tweeted this then ;) . . It`s true though .
I love how all my school buddies have Twitters.<U+2665>
What an awesome day for an Easter Egg Hunt!
If that ain't a good argument for Zero Population Growth...
Fly away my little one! Fly away!
Order sent to Tess in MD!
that's right!
#nowwatching all of covers and original song<3
I have mastered the gf/vegan choc chip cookie. Will bring you some once my oven is fixed.
well, to be fair, he did kind of present both sides (now)
Covering all your bases with those parenthesis and brackets..lol..
Omg. #rupaulsdragrace has a bigger stage then the #newnownext awards
loved in the Lifetime movie "America" back in 2008! :)
The early bird gets the worm. Early people need a nap at 2pm...
Thanks for following, Aaron!
and then we'll push the fat sultan and the little princess, off a cliff.
Thanks, girl! I will be there. :)
Loves gonna make it allright
Canvassing for Obama.
I'm going to hell hahaha
Having a good day in West Allis. Truly an underrated area of MKE. Very friendly people, quiet neighborhoods, & great Wisconsin businesses.
Were you a college entrepreneur?
Happy bday ninja. What a crazy day. Back on my grind.
you rocked it out! Good job, Erin!
You're fast! That's right! The annual Kumquat festival is held in Dade City. RT : kumquat
on the way!
girl i miss them they crazy but them my <3!!!
At #halloweenieroast instead of watching cardinals give away a world series...
haha thanks you spell check :p
I don't really consider it reality tv. Basketball wives, kardashians etc...that is to me.
That's like when my son wakes up in the middle of the night, and I pretend I'm dead asleep so my husband gets up.
I'm a whole different person when I'm half asleep
Outstanding tacos at truck at #BeerFest this weekend!
Major post-apocalypse vibes in dowtown Austin today after #sxsw. Where do we go once our 3 story Doritos vending machine tower has fallen?
so wet
SAP(R) Applications Certified for Oracle SPARC SuperCluster
Your not alone anymore. I added another to the playlist. lol
did you happen to see on the course today?
art gallery worthy?
I'm fine with that.
I love you, but I'm done trying, sorry.
"Mon Plaisir" is on the way 2 a final mix. Also features Grégorie Maret & Phil Vieux. Another Don "Lungs" Alias composition. He's so missed.
My courage
Debut at tahoe? RT : Rocket Man!!
Will you take Mrs. Lindsay to formal? Pretty please! Hint: here she is:
Celebrate St. Patrick's Eve at Tavern Downtown Today!! 95.7 The Party will be broadcasting LIVE from the rooftop with DJ Bedz spinning...
I have not failed, I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
I'm tired and grumpy and stressed out and all I want to do is watch a musical and go to bed early.
Quality begins on the inside... and then works its way out. -Bob Moawad
Getting my laptop set up for Kuali Rice Java training next week!
OMG YES.
Whoa, my husband is #CHS '82. Go Coyotes!
I appreciate this Pacers team. Its been a great regular season. Heres to hoping they continue to surprise in the post-season
y I gotta stop tweeting?
So, you can let me have your heart or I can snatch it in the dark. But either way, I'm getting all of you.
Woo hoo insomnia!
#gopack lets see favre on his ass. im looking to deliver some punishing hits!
so when are you guys coming to boston??
lol you know my dude is jeremy lamb compared to reggie miller
How about Trader Joe's parking lot at 11:30?
First week of (part-time, admittedly) re-employment in the books. Feels good.
COINCIDENCE is the way GOD stays ANONYMOUS
: well fairs and festivals are about to start and we will be ALL over!!!
You HIP ! RT '' I don't care how many games they lose, #BLOUSEnation forever.''
Talent can't be taught. Marketing can.
#inkilleen most women been ran thru by niggas from the army base
I love princeton so u already know i rather have ray cut his hair
I suspected that was the problem but didn't want to admit it. He seems very happy still.
What ever happened to love and romance? Guess its just too much for one to ask for :/
Hey guys what is up with u? Did u voted for me on the KCA? Well,thanks if u did and if u did not so do it! Love u ! Xoxo BM!
at Stratton Camera doing a rig-build for the Scarlets
is brushing her teeth
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...that d youth...posting all their issues, images and swear words...are ruining their next 20 yrs & don't know it.
Worlds wrecking no lie yeah yeah go somewhere else with that crap
Better yet, save that money for NBA finals tickets!
so I know it's early but i haven't been to bed yet and am all up on here so wanted to say a quick hello. I'll be on
I feel ya! Wassup, u back n da Chi? If so, I know u gettn it in baby girl...
I have so many boyfriends at the mall.
what's up everyone
i swear, if i have to see one more picture of you and your friends doing duck faces and peace signs...
I think Collison is better, but then you move up Collison's backup. I just kind of think Perkins sucks.
Totally true. Making clients look good IS my business!
It's cold in Houston. I never know how to pack for this place.
RT : Our new platform Workforce Skills for 21st Century Success prepares job seekers for today’s market – find out how at...
thanks for the retweet!
(1/2) Frequency of service is not the issue. Timing between connections, duration, and consistency is.
I bought a plane ticket, if that's what you mean ;-). I was too close to not make the effort to get to Montreal as well!
So true. Right RT : was easily the best show I've seen at the national. still trying to regain composure.
"Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance." ~John Petit-Senn
what's your favorite anime?
Spot on
Seriously considering asking my bosses if I can just crash on their couch. Yeah, it's one of those nights.
The #c4ljp presentations are impressive, also getting by far the biggest laughs at #c4l12 glad they took their show on the road for us :)
tell them to holler at good lookin out mang!!
Great Things Happen For Reasons Of GreatNess
Man, Friday Night Lights makes me cry on SUCH a regular basis.
RT That man be
Liking someone who is already in a relationship
March 10 - Second Saturday Family Dance - Fun dancing for kids and families with live music - Fulton Community Center - 503-775-6537
My love is your love. Your love is mine.
Dana's wish list: 2. A simple fix to make our economy no longer dependent upon exponential population growth. Hey, I can dream, can't I...?
good morning everyone got radio production today and um yeah im ready!
Love it. Great joke. Have to remember that one.
Dip dyed hair , belly button piercing
Check That. Back to nervous.
Happy Mothers Day!
You're never gonna let me take you to dinner at Skyline Chili and allow me to stutter awkwardly through a conversation.
On my way to Bandung :)
yes thanks. It's just a show.
That was a bad call
If your "so over Jelena drama" then stop fucking tweeting about it. Your just adding to the drama by telling other people to shutup.
wild to moderate is disruptive?
A-B, Coke, Pepsico, GM...Visa?
Wind blows. Literally.
Shorter on the #lastword "No pie for you!"
Louisville is spankin dat a$$ right now!!
BREAKING: #RIT Women's Ice Hockey announces it's move to Division 1. will join the #CHA this fall.
thoughts on the casino effect on clevelands athletes, most likely degens
And happy birthday to my second oldest sister Jewel (:
On way to HiHo Lounge for some BBQ & Mardi Gras Indian show. Gotta get home early. Gotta go 2 noon meeting. Rollin with it. Dustin it off
hey nice seeing you at the Kennedy webinar..lets chat
Boone clearly cheated on baseball pyramid...
Yes! In June for the Eagle Creek Triathlon with some of your Colleagues. may join in the fun as well.
Someone help me!!! I'm dying.
Happy Birthday!:D Love u <3
RAWKFIST!!! I'm now into yo momma jokes. Watch out citizens.
please follow me you and your sisters are so talented and I love all your viedo's!!
Let's go
Kudos to Maryland legislators for passing same sex marriage bill. Equality!
Thank you Elizabeth #Warren for showing Democrats how to fight the Republicans'
and the period. Oh lawd!
I'm about to flip the fuck out.
In order to do so we must seek the Holy Spirit for direction.If not then the world will perish for lack of knowledge and understanding.
Feeling quite sexy Cuzco I got hair dyed and making boss bitch moves on these hoes
RT : I can you hear you Korea. I'm shaking.
why didnt i ever get my code for the free weapons like the doa-12 and stuff for pre ordering
reno nv u??
Thanks again, , for sponsoring #HackingEdu!!
The blind side(:
Friday the 13th indeed
and a room full raising their voices to God, love this!!!!
both of those are the Rice of the East and northeast
um who are these people....?
engineers and trainmen.
and we can't wait to meet u as well! #FOLLOWTHEBUGGY !! “: Ballston is patiently awaiting your arrival.”
Congrats for being my 100th follower! The Celine Dion poster you won is on backorder! *not redeemable for cash.
NIALLLLL (: i wuv you. where are y'all?
Sleeping Bag Season Rating This tells you, roughly, at what time of the year the sleeping bag can be used comfortably
Surround yourself with people who challenge you to keep moving in the right direction.
that beattape was cupcake sweet. never got to prop you. PROPPS dood.
Inspired. Will 'Vandaleyes' my mom for Mother's Day!
I can't help thinking Mitt Romney is Mr. Potter and PBO is George Bailey in It's A Wonderful Life.
Happy Easter to my Twitter peeps! Enjoy your day everyone! :-)
It's Patio Time @ Madison Street!!! Come relax with a refreshing Moscow Mule and our Backyard BBQ Cobb Salad Feature!!
#Walmart, because going to #Target requires a shower.
Yeah, those are interesting alternatives-- I'll have to look at them more closely.
just finished filming so fun.
RT : What about the word "understand" do you not understand? #movielinesyou'llneverhear
If it wasn't right in the first place, I am sure you wouldn't have taken the time to write it down. <3 Thank you.
I'm fucking mad af now mane.
Nice! Let's make it happen in June. We can swap crowdfunding ideas and talk social. :)
i like svu more than you.
One day u will regret callin her ugly or fat or weird
Thanks for the wonderful Velvet Pepper Purse #Giveaway ! It's a gorgeous set & purse!
Sure, I'll update the reservation. The more the merrier :)
absolutey - great info - hope it comes in handy for you author types!
yes, yes, and yes
None of us are responsible for all the things that happen to us, but we are responsible for the way we act when they do happen.
"Don't give cherries to pigs or advice to fools."
thanks for recent ActiveRain Boot Camp extraordinaire
What a good song!! Thx for letting me know about it!! #CountryMusic is always the best this time of year:))))
its good to know that when spell check fails me, I have you! :)
someday our paths will cross and you'll leave a permanent mark on me...
Nice thunder in #DC ;-)
Soo.. is a die-hard Beatles fan? Guess I like The Beatles now. <3
Had a great day filming #SuspiciousDensities on Sat. Day 2 coming up!
ahaha wait what, i should've kissed you is about chris brown? oops...
Hip hip hooray! RT Happy Birthday !
and I also hate putting the food back in for MORE time!
Mothalicka'. I get to see my boyfriend tomorrow!(:
No talent.
Can you believe the buildup?...It's nothing BHO actually says. They're just tying him to Bell. Bait & Switch.
How is the language we're speaking?
is having a hard time moving her arms. Back day is a hard day.
#shoutout to everyone who came to help with my music video this past weekend. You know who you are! Great job everyone!
Especially since Geithner, his Sec of Treas, has taken over HIS JOB!! He has! Read and spread articles on his actions!! Impeach!!
what you want like give me the cake i got some shit thats fresh baked
what is your favorite food mines is shrimp
Wishing I was in Germany, wrapped in an American flag and screaming at the top of my lungs.
Just tell them who you are. They'll move you to the front of the line.
Having your heart broken just means your human and it makes your heart strong.
Happy Hour $10 Special 4pm-7pm. 10% off dinner dishes for #NashaRashaNYC Followers w/twitter handle....THEN
"One of the most important things you have as a student is a .edu email address." - Bobby at event for
u never miss a chance 2 take a pot shot at baltimore
#christmasshopping with my mama
im so bored...
Go follow her she needs one more follow soo she could get 900 !:)
me too! Absolutely incredible finish...
Looking for some great shots of Sao Luis Brazil...if anyone has any...hit me up!
i love you my dear <3
Christian Dior Denim Flow
ALL THE VERY BEST.. NITHIN.. .
I hate doing overnight sometimes
Victor Butler has been killing in camp this year. McGee filled in nicely in the last 2 games. last year
RT : the Thunder is Legit! FREE brewed coffee or 1/2 Price Latte for Thunder Fans wearing their gearFri 7am to Noon
cinema5D REVIEWS – New Gear Review Database for Filmmakers via
The lack of iCarly is really putting a damper on my fandom. :/
Spring has sprung! #Indians pitchers and catchers report today in Goodyear. Not that it's on my calendar or anything...
It's #socialmonday, the best day of the week! Come join us for the hottest party in town, and don't forget to RSVP for dinner
I SHUT DOWN THE TOC BAR LAST NIGHT IF YOU MISSED OUT THAT'S YOUR BIZ
have to say, with #aquapocalypse, new media is covering the story, providing answers so much better than tradmedia.. kinda depressing.
Thanks for the #FF from and yesterday! Happy weekend and WOOF.
Moving houses provides a lesson in how rapidly technology becomes obsolete.
amazing travelogues are also always "truly experimental" and often "defy genre".
congrats & good luck ! 2 interviews this week. Oh joy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I love Greenwood, been on him for awhile now
That is absolutely horrifying.
My generic opinion on something >>>>
my mom said she's betting on Liaison 50-1 odds, she's tryin to get paid
Monitor your information. Google ur name often, set up alerts and let people know what ur expectations are for personal info
haha true but no alcohol allowed either :)
don't tell me Disney was on the leading edge of WASH work...guess I gotta check out the link.
Just hit 441 followers. The confetti cannon is about to go off in my living room.
On my way to perform Mini readings at a Birthday Party tonight!!! I love parties, reminds me of a past life in the Carnival!!! LOL
Head explodes. RT : Umm we probably shouldn't say this, but that's pretty funny.
I don't think there is enough "whitewash" in the country to hide all those War Crimes! We MUST Re-elect PBO
ugh , what are we doing with our lives ?! Lol
excellent point!
This will be good celebration-we finally got all inventory rented.
Girl 1: blah blah blah (joke) Girl 2: AHAHAHAHA -looks up every word in the joke- See this is my life
you can do, calm down. If I passed you can do it. It only took me 5 try's...
Would hate to be a kid watching the shuttle launch and think,"I'd like to be an astronaut one day."Yeah, sorry - we don't fund that anymore.
For eternity I'd lay in bed in my boxers half stoned with a pillow under my head.
I did not want your unsolicited tweet, though I guess it doesn't suck as much as what you & did to Gary Friedrich.
i did but not no quality. just some where to work on lil shit... i c u tweet 16 what he tlkin bout son
Thanks for the tweet. We are running your #peekanalytics report now -- would you like a beta invite?
Too young to know, not old enough to care.
Sneaks Up Mixtape Artist... Submissions are DUE... please get them to me A.S.A.P. ... THANKS DJ DJ
in 15 years of eligible smashing her #FamousBodyCount is 9. Haven't heard and "regla niggas" boasting..
JUST got my twitter:)
The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed. Just look at that bed head hot mess.
Good Luck.
I wish I went to drake!
Watching extreme makeover to see im already crying, help put a stop to bullying #DefeatTheLabel RT if you have been bullied
wat time? I might come thru wit some food n drank
"fuck bitches, get money" might actually be the best advice ive ever heard
By no means is my life perfect now, but most of my days are surrendered to the Lord’s plans rather than the busyness of my own.
I must have skipped the Vancouver chapter.
You have the right to remain silent. Anything you do or say will be exaggerated or mis-quoted and used against you in the court of law.
nothing much headed to the gym
:o) you should have screamed YeeeeeHawwwww too.
Call out #WellPoint from using policyholder&#taxpayer $ from Medicare&Medicaid 2 fund a radical political agenda that’s attacking r families
I'm heading out to 1 Winning Drive. Time to cover some Ravens draft nitty-gritty. What ?'s do you want answered? - Bulldog
Apparently Mr McGowan and Arnold are friends... for some reason that doesn't surprise me at all
just 1 more week of school.
That Jeep Commercial about USA Basketball>>>
Our boys in Gateways are looking for a drummer. Head over to their page if you can help them out!
Sporting a new Lincoln Town Car while my truck is being fixed.
So far all by my ittybitty self i made 217 Ped. Pal Foot Scrubbys! ..YIKKES I'm addicted to my business. LOVE making my customers laugh
#IfYouReallyLikedMe U know I put garbage out on the curb
What does everyone think about the upcoming tour is doing? Should be BIG BIG BIG!
Have you read them?
come over entrance is free today!
unicorns nd glitter
4 more days until I am 21!!!
...but I said "namaste" after.
yeah sure
Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me All the days of my life; And I will dwell in the house of the Lord Forever. (Psalm 23:6 NKJV)
Since your hard fought victory in Iowa, I've learned a valuable lesson fro you,
Listened to Zao- fear album....man thats some great vox by Dan
Hey Papi how come u never respond to my questions :(
Looking for 3-4 day 3br condo rental on gulf coast. Any suggestions on where to look?
Gingrich expected to reference in debate tonight report that Romney failed to list income from a Swiss bank account in finan. disclosure
Miriam, we are grateful for the follow!
Hot babes should follow me lol..
I just found a baggy of weed at my daughters music school. I have half a mind to turn it into the office.
#fml I havnt kissed anyone in over 8 months now!
States Diverting Mortgage Settlement Money to Other Uses Some states are diverting their share of a $2.5 billion they were awarded in a m
Absolutely! You can Direct Message us your address and we will send a sample tomorrow. We were founded in New Orleans!
A little late, but mid-afternoon.
yea...are you almost out?
mother nature has cruel april fools jokes...snow...in spring?!?!
they're actually called soft smores :p
#yogawednesdays shud b killed in iowa to many flat bottoms....thanks for ruinin it CF
Big Island bound for 2 1/2 weeks. Please pray for me. Thanks!
Grammys this weekend! :) see ya there!
Getting into TIGERLILY'S ORCHIDS by my long-time fave Ruth Rendell.
where did ya pick up that nifty akill
"Love the green color. Great quality! Fast shipping!! Will buy again!" - Wilma from New York, New York
it's really just pubes.
RT : #hcms12 website of future will look more like a media site and less like a brochure. =good example.
Can't it be both?
Does anyone have an extra ticket to 's Seven on Seven tomorrow? really wants to come!
Worst day ever -_-
Really? eating Chipolte on the metro? Taking up 2 seats? Tattoo on your chest? Burping? Talking loudly on your phone? embarrassing us all?
will be providing emergency overnight shelter tonight & tomorrow night with temps predicted to be in the 20s.
"Don't these talking monkeys know that Eden has enough to go around?"
First people at the social
#BBN remember Is turning 18 tomorrow!Of course he been a man on da court for years! But les show some luv with the B/D wishes
Will be teaching him Algebra. Beginning at the beginning however. Pre-Algebra review. We meet once a week so need to select a text. Fun
we are not on the road on Monday. We will be out tomorrow and the schedule will be posted tonight
Every person you meet knows something you don't; learn from them. -H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
I truly love being able to execute a GLI wave with my fellow das autos
we're making brownie milkshakes today. you probably need one! actually i can hear the milkshake calling your name. see YOU soon!
Weird. There should be a more streamlined appeal / customer service / human escalation process.
TRAFFIC ALERT: All of Fourth Plain from Rossiter to Neal Lanes is closed due to hit and run fatal investigation.
there are people in the world that go to bed hungry, but there are people in America that exclude certain food from their diet.must be nice
lls mike, if u ever seen any!
o whatever lol I like a lot of different music he's just my favorite :) always has been.
so he's almost won 2 races in the last 4 years? That still sucks.
thats because you get to hang with Craig... :-)
Holy shit did the cHeat actually sell out a game?! Wow.
I hate not being able too sleep ..
This week we are in store for lovely weather, why not visit Planting Fields?
then why put "first"? There's no point in using the word unless it's to imply that it is before others.
Out for a walk with my lovely ladies and puppies(:
They are something else. Now I have to get some Coffee with Irish Creamer in it. Laterz
It's hot as balls out here
Anyone know how many of the corporations who pay little or no taxes due to loopholes have high number of employees on govt assistance?
via so the films that made our movies today possible (i.e. b&w films) aren't relevant? that's ridiculous.
some applications learn words better than others. Type ur word into safari's search and the iPhone will learn it.
a close second...
Does anyone want to slap the owner Diane if she goes Hmm one more time.
omg thanks and to u r my teddy bear!!!;]
fall through and get on ir
I really hope Boston Clam Chowder is better than Chicago-style pizza or I'm really gonna regret this decision
Yay! It's being delivered or you're shopping?
#IStandGRAND but ur already following me ;D so its all good
I'm so impatient, ugh I need a man. #tiredOfbeingsingle :/
I was mocking someone on youtube who thought that was true u idiot
I share my resolution with a couple basketball players. I'll drop the believe within the hour
We are dying to see 1D in Vegas!!!
I forgot just how fun tweeting was.
This Kid on American idol singing usher is actually really good..
OMG! Thank goodness someone agrees!
It has been a pleasure working with you!
But he's doing the same set..... fawk
damn right.
That's great. The bacon belt in itself is definitely
Elizabeth Berkley just tweeted using the hash tag #imsoexcited. Please tell me she is in on the joke.
I am still deciding about UNITY.
Champions Do Daily What Losers Are Only Willing To Do Occasionally.
Far more worrisome is reading Little House on Prairie books 2 my kids. "darky" and "redskin" ?! YIKES I did NOT remember that
Beyond tears today as I thank God for keeping my kids safe-- life can change in an instant. Love you and thank God for you daily, Jared.
haha oh ok, you never know- there's always something going on , I didn't want to miss out!
Appreciate every moment you get . <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
did he bring enough for everybody? I could go for some good Chinese food.
oh that's a nice looking one
Thanks, Jentery. It's becoming clearer now. Go team!
thank you for sharing! always a pleasure to read your thoughts.
You niggaz is pussy ,my time to b sexest, no equal rights maybe ill listen to the next bitch!!!
Do they have teeth? If on street for any significant time, most do not.
haha and so are your maroon gowns
delegate count is a bit different other news orgs. Among the differences is that we don't count unpledged RNC members.
Beer BQ time
Clara, you are young, pretty, and gay. You doubtless selected me for your sweet confidence because I am middle-aged, ungainly, and bald.1850
another column today with anonymous quotes. When did you decide to sell out the journalism profession?
RG3, Caps playoffs, Nats/Harper/Stras. DC suddenly a real sports town!
aww thanks!! the sun came out today!
nope, you're right according to everyone else who replied haha. Such a cutie!
What's up bro how's it going? Hey u got any flows or songs u can email thanks
#Freshmanyeartaughtme how immature freshman are.
I don't know what I want for lunch...
This time they tweeted agitated imagination
Crab bisque tonight for #mondayfunday and new intervention and hoarders! Also talls for smalls woot woot!
Well you say "affect more change" I personally think the timing is hysterical, just taking a big old poop all over Carolina
Congrats on making it to regional finals.
in this rain? and the honey is knocked out.. lol
taking a trip to the nasty natti.
#np Some Days-
My stomach hurt :/
I got the cookies and booze; you got Gremlins?
's voice in their cover of What Makes You Beautiful could seriously rival the 1D boys. It's fantastic!
No worry Heat fans. You guys play Detroit towards the end of the month. Then you and can claim the Heat are amazing again.
Happy Friday to you too!
RT : #ISTE is looking for an educator to write an article for L&L about #Kindle Fire apps. Pls RT and reply if interested.
Not excusing, trying to explain. Millionaires that dont give a fair effort get the avg Joe mad. Appreciate your good fortunes
oh gosh just let go seriously.. Enough is enough.
Smmfh here we go with the bullshit
In the bad times we realize who our real friends are....
Thank you!
Tell that to the second grader that gets sent to the office for making the same move at any school.... Grow up.
Happy Birthday Tibs!
XT50 Offers Online Video Workouts for Women.
I had never rec'd a request until today. Didn't realize people still use it.
So much click-clacking at with Matmos. Still waiting for the nudity.
wuts good chief
Had my first coffee today
The #Flyers defeat the Pens 8-4 to take a 3-0 lead in the series...even got a little fists flying
You Guys Seriously Needa Follow ; She Will Change Your Life FOREVER Yo!!! XD
OK, so we've had enough snow to barely cover my driveway. And now I'm done with snow. Bring on spring.
Freezing at Caltrain San Carlos
If I gave you sanity for the whole of humanity..
My hubby in the trenches again today empowering & supporting black boys with empathy & respect. Criminal "justice" system is no such thing.
Lets party rock this Sat Flip cup tourney starts at 2pm! .com to enter!
Days like today that I wish it was acceptable for me to consume alcoholic beverages while in my office. >.<
We have our Italian Ice Social with the Dean today, too. Hooray for dessert socials!
At Chicago Cultural Plan Town Hall meeting w/ EMBARC students. Advocating for art/culture as a tool to transform lives of undeserved youth.
Get it Bo Bo
Yes!!! :D there is =] we decided to make one since there wasnt many out there LOL
I wonder if the caffeine concentration maintains its integrity or is absorbed, in part, by the critter. ;-)
Studying for finals. <<<< ugh. This is boring.
Juwan Just Called me bree i never herd him call me that
JW spoke the word today
too late,he didn't but he gave that fool a run for his money lol
Definitely not raiding my patches to display on my new D-Lux Messenger bag so I'll need new patches.
what the hell was winslow doing?
This is how God showed His love among us He sent His one and only Son into the world that we might live through Him.
Comedian Joey Kola is coming up...one of the funniest men alive.
Morgan texted me (;
How cool! What did you do for them?
Please Note: The War Against Terror == TWAT
thanks a lot man! i really appreciate it.
So far we are undefeated so watch out
why teach a man to fish when i can sell him a fish?
You're welcome Phillip.
Ladies if your avi is of u in a kayak than I think youre into kayaking If youre in the pic half naked posing Im thinking youre into sex
My birthday is in 5 days...
WHOA what's wrong??
Psh. Haha if I were you I wouldn't. :p
. Muni should have just designed a pedestrian tunnel from Caltrain to Chinatown
not just any dog! MY dog. it's ok.
Good luck! :)
I have a couple of favorites from an old Petra (YES) album: Song of Moses; and Send Revival, Start With Me. you'd rock both!
we aint in no relationship gurl lmfao i'm single out here for da time being and gon be dis way for a brick
says "very poor [have] an ample safety net." But each night, almost 700,000 are #homeless. We need more focus on poor, not less.
Hon. Do Those Come In "Not Ugly?"
Its not what they do that hurts you. . . Its that they dont tell you they did it when you thought you were who they shared everything with.
i,am, bAcK
Once when I wake up
you were getting too conceited, had to bring you back down to earth lol
just got back from basketball don't have practice til FRIDAY!
that's cool
Reading 's eulogy for the Big Man. It's truly lovely, describing a life too big for words.
Sorry, just un-PC thoughts!
finally got social media disconnected. Returning to the simple life feels good. :)
#Roses A free dozen roses to anyone coming in to our store in issaquah during the next hour.
Don't u just hate a button #Dick. A Dick that don't hang to the left or right but just sit right in front.
maybe just maybe she'll go away :P
phew, thanks. I kind of felt lame.
#ImminentDanger Roy: Series, discussion greatly needed. Painful, bec we're so invested. But shouldnt most invested speak?
ah the good life.
Yikes RT : it's a good thing noone's forcing you to watch it. Also, your twitter handle sucks.
I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU GUYS AT WARPED!
Aw man. It's snowing. I guess I'll turn the heat on. Maybe....
Why is it that my Korean mom, #1 champion of all things Korean and quality raver of Korean things, refuses to buy Korean cars?
can't remember how i found this site, but he's really good at filtering the BS. Make sure you click on "all posts" on the right.
Whats up... doing homework in my room... All done :-D
jesus christ get jamey wright's old ass out of the game
Thanks for the Eco RT's!
that picture makes me want to vom
#GUKPTThanet Main Event starts today | £500 6Max | Follow progress via and | The Trip Leader!
LOL we always laughed at that story. My Dad would tell it all the time. Yeah...don't know what they thought when they found it.
“As I don't know about tomorrow, I never save the best for later.” ~ Paulo Coehlo ~
Nice!!! Ive heard that album is good!
I'm alive but I'm alone
so, polish parade huh?
hooray! congrats!
5-9pm, best parking is on Senate Ave or 11th St. Free admission!
i am gonna kill you in your sleep.
Who is trying to proof read a paper for me?
first to tweet to???? Happy birthday!
#DontWifeThatChickIf she think girls are hot....that shit is fucking gay
Serousrly can't go 2 days with out fighting or pissing her off <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Everyone has been working hard to make it a great day! Even new carpet installed in the conference room! Looks great!!
the paris hilton sex tapes, probably.
Your definatly going to hear a beastie boys set tonight with !
U CAN MAKE IT!!! EVERYONE CAN! I'll BE PRAYING FOR YOU!!! You WILL survive!!! #RyanKennedy <3 <3
is the funniest person I know
I would say when applying to a position, make sure you have related experience and if its not obvious by your resume and positions you've...
ur from teenwolf n what eles cuz I feel like I've seen ur face in another show but don't noe where ?
sweet man, can't wait to see them.
Morning Showers > Night Showers !.
Hey Hey Ana, Does Mariah Carey have a star? If not, will she be getting one anytime soon?
follow me ; )
always shred charge receipts, credit applications, insurance forms, physician statements, and credit offers you get in the mail.
Thomas is funny dude
Israel bound!
update 1. Fox pregame is so much better than CBS!
Without the need to literally run back and forth to school anymore, I have joined a gym in which I can do my running. (^<U+FF70>^)<U+30CE>
was a little old man & it seemed his coff & cake was his treat 4 the day he paid with loose change.I was the fool buying $$ coffee
the city is closing the Lincoln Branch library on E 7 mile. literacy is a low low priority in this town. smh
lololol I get wild too
Jp mitch so how bout them rangers?
let's get it up!
Dude, picture this: corrugated METAL. #Booyakasha! And, yes, of course you may visit.
today is my father B_Day Happy Birthday dad! enjoy your 52yrs
I know :). Thanks for all the excellent thoughts. Really appreciate them.
Baltimore bound. Jonathon's sleeping. Brent and Brandon are listening to the game. Preston's watching Love Guru. We <U+2764> you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Panda Express.
Thanks for the follow ! See you round the hood.
The Chocolate Library will feature 1 charitable chocolate each month starting with Rescue Chocolate www.rescuechocolate.com this month
Do u know if mom got the car
I do that but only with netflix. At 6 I will sit down to do some work then at 9 I realize I watched some Heroes and GA but no work
The new NC Conversations includes articles by Phoebe Zerwick & Rob Amberg, photos by Christine Rucker. Download free-www.nchumanities.org.
Tease me like you do, But it just fuels my desire. Love or lust, It just adds fuel to the fire, Fuel to the fire.
It's do damn hott at tee house right now!!!!! And all the stupors drunk underage people is annoying!!
Getting brisk outside ... we have the One Wonder skullies coming ...
All this weed talk does is remind me that I need to cut and trim the lawn :-(
Public commenter asks council about San Diego's Prop A affect on bayfront. Mayor Cox tells him that's a different jurisdiction.
Week one of Brandt #crossfit #paleo challenge almost over! How do you guys feel?
BNF has web archives of a real and fake websites. Lawyers were interested. BNF was good enough as a credible archiving org
:( call/chat Amazon support. they'll send you a new one, probably
It means I no longer have to get my product out there. Someone does all the work for me and pays me monthly. It's perfect!
U and I know I'm talking about you... The BOSS DIVA don't advertise names bitch! Lol.
sweet. Still can't figure out why they would drop Bbc in Sirius
Lost doggy in the CD! Kind people just knocked on my door but she isn't mine. Holler if you're missing your four legged pal.
Dear Haters, I have so much more for you to be mad at. Just be patient.
Triple X
About to do a shot of makers mark. I'm gonna sleep like a baby...
It even included a subtle Judge John Hodgman reference
You're welcome, but it's purely selfish. I reallyreallyreally want to see them live again.
I miss you!! Lol;)
What a fantastic night for Karaoke at Rustys Old 50
It won't help bc I'm working against you! #FuckSmallMarkets RT : "We've just got to focus on Tuesday." -
Finals are done! Yay
Quick break for my lunch of a warm coke and a Nutty Bar and back to work.
r u following back?
open mic tonight at the Cellar Lounge 3601 w Sahara. No genre left behind sign ups at 8pm
To effectively use the Blessing of God for prosperity, we must give God something to work with.
nicki minaj just shitted on em....lmao you already know. drake is still fine..! & wayne
Good morning Tweeps! Welcome new followers!
Awesome! I'm running my first half in Nov. (cc )
Planning a summer wedding? Buy wine at awarding winning Wine & Roses June 10 & save. Can never have too much bubbly!
just let me get through this week.
And I don't even want to be all up on anyone's TV, but I'm JUS' SAYIN'! Erry season turn turn and shit, but damn.
post me some!!
Thank you to for showing some love to the Baltimore HF-Twestival. Love you.
Calling Rent-a-Husband
thanks 4 staying true to what u believe Used 2 let people overtake mine u helped me find them again. Religious&proud of it!
Reason I miss the MW: When I look at the stars, I C possibility. Living in NYC, cant C stars so much... harder 2 reach 4 them!
the giveaway from last season? i have 5 of them. :p
There's nothing brighter than
you bet
yeah was on the east coast for 10 days. minh finally told me to hit u up in brooklyn like the last day i was there. he's a dork!
strangely, it doesn't say anything about you. IT'S JUST BLANK. are you real?!
“: Chillin at my home away from home on Tuesdays!!!”
Chillin how r u
I'm making everyone eat at Taqueria Llamas for dinner tonight because it has llamas in the name... And I really like llamas... ;)
I monkey don't stop a show
Buff boners were broken tonight.
I'm not accusing any person. It happens a lot though. Like when ppl be like "I'm finna move I hate Mke" that's what Imsayin
Time to go workout! BEEFCAKE!
We will take the Tankdown to a whole new level. We will rock the Dome on every score!
Unlucky man city go on Chelsea
I admire and adore you. ": I'd rather be admired than adored. Adoration stems from perception. Admiration stems from reality."
What do little piglets do on a Saturday night? Have a pigjama party!
You're welcome. Thank you...I'm trying to stay cool too. :) Temperature is going back up.
You make my heart melt, its cold to the core
oh... imma look it up
Tough to notice in Vegas, but my personal style has absorbed a lot of southern CA. I like feeling laidback.
RT Food and beverage lead visitor spending at 25% followed by retail spending. Gr8 food and beverage here in wisc!
So wait, you're coming over right? :)
50s and sunny not your idea of a winter wonderland, east coasters? Chances of snow in #Aspen this weekend = 100%!! or bust.
You seriously don't know who Paul McCartney is? It's the parents' fault. Kids these days...
Overheard in a doctor's office: I've been waiting so long, I think I've recovered.(: hahaa.
just drop it all . goodbye mariah . final . have fun with your life . - sincerly kassie kay law .
Maybe. Well, that's too bad. Sorry to give false info.
I want, I want, I want to be loved by you. <3
getting a car for L.A.?
Morning, Loves! Diggin' this: "We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give." -W. Churchill
In Cali! Crossing the #SanFrancisco bridge..long as hell
Chauffeuring Ms. Daisy.
Working on a solo industrial prequel to the next Dethcentrik album...
that's fine hun!!! When are we getting it!?!? That's gone be hott!!!
I'm doing everything 3 minutes faster today so I get it all done in 23 hours.
Honestly, I don't love you. I hate you SO MUCH. But I can't tell you about it. I'm too PITY of you haha *meanlaugh*
Dear magazine- have ur editors lost their collective minds? How is that not child porn? That kid is old enuf 2 b in school!
need to take there ass to bed with this freaky shit tonight
That was the tournament 2014 guard (Earnest Matthews) scored 108pts thru a 3 game stretch.
Tim Armstrong on changing the web: the web needs to change its look and feel and that change will come from storytellers.
Mad rush from Union station to the tribune tower to do a video training session. Go!
News McIlroy splits from agent Chandler after 4 years U.S. Open champion Rory McIlroy has split from agent Chubby Chandler.
No Youth Court over the holiday weekend -- Happy Independence Day!
If she really dwn fa u, make sure it's 'military crawl' dwn.
Letters were mailed to all members. Landlord dispute caused the closure. They're refunding memberships, this ISN'T a "scam".
wow!!! Behind your back nothing but net!
Once #nuclearblast & #metalblade resolve the ongoing bidding war for disto rights.
According to , national champion #BCHockey will throw a ceremonial first pitch before tonight's game.
I always end up at metal shows. WHY.
Thanks for comin out!
Three new friends. Give a warm Anna Maria Island welcome to: Tome, Bobbette, and Barry!
GC Europe appoints new president
night night #Lebrick #Bulls ALL DAY!!!
that makes sense to me
good girl. Like his 80's stuff, but the stuff that made him famous is his best.
The University of Phoenix () Southern AZ Campus is hosting a Law Enforcement Career Workshop. Tomorrow. 3-6pm. Call 916-448-5802.
Powerful shoot by &
Over the past 3 days I have spent more than 6 hours on the phone w/techs in India and Florida to try to figure out why my machine
Yes it was. Great to meet you !
Congrats Ovi. 2nite's the nite 4 1+ : Ovechkin's 30th career playoff goal ties him with Peter Bondra for the #Caps franchise lead
#CivicEd is a wonderful thing! But I've chosen public service because I've walked around my city, not because I sat in a class.
Don't let a virus ruin your hard work. Dell recommends McAfee to protect that paper you've been writing all semester.
u iz ok i promiz. don b sad
I think I just got hit on. On the kennedy. In traffic.
We said we wouldn't join Twitter until the world ended. Since the rapture came and went, here we are!
i freaking hate KOBE he's to cocky but he's a great player..
Considering how much hair I swept up after giving Dan a haircut he should have no hair left.
awesome! Fyi, we are off 2nite but resume next thurs! Come on down!!!
haha oh you mad??
I'm back in town for a week or two. Let me know if you ever want to have lunch at the Google office here in Austin and catch up.
boys like girls <3
my sleep has been all kinds of messed up lately!
Listening to a group of older friends(80+) dare one another to add another shot of espresso into their coffees. I love it.
RT Stay away from people who are always looking for flaws, they are only there to tear you down so they can feel better.CMS
you will like him a lot - beautiful energy - great to listen to
i need new twitter username ideas... help me out
when are we gunna chill?
Pressible just passed 100 sites on our publishing network!
Show was a hit! Enjoyed working w everyone.
Pilot killed in plane crash in Fitchburg. Second aircraft crash in Central Mass. of the day.
MONDAY - Hey, It is Nat'l Police Week. These guys and gals work hard and take risks for us. Thanks folks.
Preschool zoo field trip :))
God damn. Everything is awful today. The weather, my mood, the pain in my ass from falling off the couch and landing on my boot heel. FUCK
ahh okay im sorry :-( still try to have a merry Christmas though! *hugs*
Well, then, Beth, I will be certain that you get a fair share of it!
Very few men have the power of voice & persuasion that Obama does.
One more out to go!!
Laying down for the night, text it.
iv been sayin it for a month rock
Ray Allen: we know who we're dealing with, #76ers know who they're doing with
I'll be ya Grilfren . If you really want me to. Just play ya part, them im gonna stay with you. > 3
Four hours of snowshoeing today. Time for some dinner!
Wow.....greatest league in the world!!!! cc:
RIP Donna Summer- "The Queen of Disco". Spent many hours dancing to your music while growing up. You will be missed!
An all nighter thanks to the world's best coffee ever made...now every time I look at the word "Santorum" I think it says "scrotum"...
I'm very happy only 10 more followers until I reach 100 <U+E057><U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E420>
Thinking about us..
There's nothing worse than putting in hours of editing only to have your computer crash -_-. Now idk when this video will be up.
Saw this. Brilliant.
It's cool, cause we've always been like Drake and Nicki anyways
wow great pic!
An ice cream festival? Down the street in Charlotte? Um of course I'm going.
Happy Birthday from #honeymoon. Late, but still...
Day just keeps getting better
Good to see lots of friends including you 2/“: thanks for the hospitality tonight. Enjoyed everything ”
RT : Q4: Running with music: is it a distraction or motivation? Explain your position.
definitely keep them coming. They are great!
kids before!' We'd turn into the old people we laugh at lmao!
I just read that!
Hello Chicago! Best Monday special! 50% off any bottles of wine in the menu! Salute Cucina & Wine Bar! 46 E.Superior -Call 312-664-0100
About to hit up south beach
It's a bird! It's a plane! Oh wait.. It's the flying fuck I will never give.
Using your library concept video to start a conversation for digital-ready libraries.
i've spent a good part of my day fixing staplers.
ugh. i guess as long as the men speak softly?
ps - this is a GREAT day for curly hair ;)
Im literally laughing at you
And tcpwatch is still useful, too! Thanks for the great tool!
I'm DJing 's 14th Anniversary party from 5:30-8:30 today. All this sunshine means I'm cranking the soul and disco.
Been meaning to speak to you but..........
#8181818 I <U+2665> your icon & username :{)
MTTS: Interested in Haiti? Join Robert Fatton & Dr. Rebecca Dillingham for, Haiti: The People, Politics and Plans for the Future on Sept. 25
haha. I wish I could give away iPads…but no.
Not sure if I'd rather be napping or out Dyngusing... Both?
Medical Alert Website is up and running. Let us know what you think! Thanks!
It's sad how desperate I am.
Merry Christmas from all of us here at Brite Revolution!!
Why the hell do socks need to come in a resealable package?
Are you okay?
Must find away, and fast. #lifechallenges only makes me go harder, and smile even bigger.
i know haha, but she had posted pictures of 'herself'...and wow, not a fan of an MIA broadcaster, cheating the viewers!
i feel like that makes the ride a whole lot more awkward.. lol :)
lol I know u dnt want that ass whooping :)
I wasn't, but I think I should check it out now that I am.
loving life..things couldnt get any better! <3
what would you name your direwolf?
lol snoop gone pull a no show
lmao I'm tryna grab some tracks from you
You Wanna Be Loved Stop Bein' A Hoe!
I saw Steve aoki and manu superstars in Vegas last week. I've got skrillex #1 on Pandora. Something about that music....
.. i've heard the Occupiers love Romney.
Over half the #Brewers games were sold out and we can't afford Prince? C'mon, How can this be? www.TopTierLegalGroup.com
I #amwriting posts, poems, articles, and working on a website---in that order. Busy Wednesday!
Yeah, would not surprise me.
butt ur married dude
I'm with you, kid. One of the most clever shows I've watched. RIP
Follow us individually: and ! Also, Steve never tweets, but has a ridiculous number of followers for never tweeting.
you know you've won the argument when Molly tells you to shut up.
my initial reaction to that story: "I wonder who that sample guy is in real life. Mr. First Middle Last Name?"
Just Finished Watching Deadly Voyage...old movie but still great!!!! ***A Job well Done****
I like the way you think.
Unless they don't like that private life of course
Sexy can I!!!
Hide your wife and kids.... is on twitter!
Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it. William Arthur Ward
I woke up this morning with a hangover and a signed Magic Johnson basketball. #itsokbecauseitsforcharity?
Are you ready to drink some more or are you still recovering from New Years?
LOVE that you're a King!! You have such great spirit. Can't wait to see you get some more time on the floor!
“: Strong believer in if you can't handle a person at their worst you don't deserve them at their best. #realtalk”
My family's so awesome, we watch Christmas movies all year long #fromatreehouse?
"if i wrap a ribbon around my finger, stare at an object and count to 30 i'll be sober."
beautiful art! Thanks for the follow :)
boy oh boy ... tis the season to turn up
Bout to turn 25 in a couple hours.........
JH: you should be specific with an employment policy. Perry is running fast and loose.
I just want a thick rican wit a phatty Ill wife it
you got a problem with us? LOLOL
Hm. You think you know, but you have no idea
Cracked My IPhone-.- Gunna Get It Fixed And Giving It To My Brother! Getting A IPhone4!!
Manuel Castells kicking us off - lineup includes Benkler, Monge, Nosh Contractor, Wendy Hall and many others - today & tmrw
Opening and rent audition this week?!
Love your 30 Things to do before 30 list!
your not even my girl and i miss you like this
dude it was great! Better than the first one. How is recital prep stuff?
Work it baby!
Some cool new services are on the horizon. Stay tuned for details
ha nah lol
Universal in their signification
I also grew up around possums, though not quite that intimately. America's marsupial.
#rt #SHOUTOUT TO ALL MY NEW AN OLD FOLLOWES!!!! #TEAMVIP (Very Improved People)
Next Wednesday! Starts at 5pm.
How did u watch all the seasons???
We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible. Vince Lombardi US football coach (1913 - 1970)
Thank you, Ms. Anna! I'm excited too -- onward and upward. :)
Looking forward to extending my NCAA pickem lead over and I have some good upset picks for today's games #paint?
I hate that!!! Was it your first cup??
Leaving for the theater. I don't know how to contain my excitement, I might cry.... seriously though. ah !
<---is about to get a shout out on Kiss 97.3! Thanks for listening.
IM HERE NY
* hahaa , i sent you a pic of some medicine . did you get it ?? .
it's nice to see Sup. Deasy is getting innovative.
TY! It was an awesome day! :-)
In case you missed it, the iTunes problem is fixed. Thanks for listening!
poor choice 4"Anybody but Obama"\RT : Its unbelievable a guy in jail took 40% of the Democratic Presidential primary vote...
RT : "Every Saint has a past and every sinner has a future." Oscar Wilde
Tonight I'm speaking on Women in Technology's panel "A Style to Match Your Brand." Do you have a style that matches your brand?
thanks for the follow. just applied to be an affiliate.
Yep, me too. My grandma could have written better soft porn than that. . . .
When you are in Love you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams.-- Dr Seuss
Houston and Dallas seem a lot closer on the map
Happy to be on a panel talking about the humanities in the digital age with and - right now, in fact!
Yassss then they send u mix signals !
Was #ChenGuangcheng wronged by ? We should stand by those who suffer political persecution abroad. #China RT
man i been knocked tha fuck out
So happy Xtina's team didnt win..shes annoying!
we do
I'm already looking forward to this weekend. Lol
Exciting jam in the making, Rotties - Natasha, Maulers - Asa
When did the GOP stop being the party of less government and fiscal accountability and just become the national voice of angry lunatics?
How's the project coming along?
: PGH native to host race for #alopecia areata. Feel free to chat about us. :) We would love your support!
were great & opened for on the #BeautifulFreaksTour! Follow for the latest Action Item news! :)
"Nothing will work unless you do" -Maya Anglou
Terrible way to start off the day...waking up late.
I've had trouble with plants in pots either drying out or molding, but I am no expert.
Do you use Albums on your Facebook Page? Post photos to your Twitter Account? A Portfolio on ?
thanks greg!
Call me maybe at the bar is not acceptable
Try shellac!! RT : RT : My nail polish has been chipped for the past week. I'm letting myself go!
Thank you Aria for the re-follow.
yeah my whole life.......
WHAT'S GOOD EVERYBODY IT'S COLD OUTSIDE BOUT TO WORK OUT STILL C
Watching Al Sharpton on MSLSD is enough to make your head explode. Pass the duct tape!
Happy Leap Day!
150 Pain Management Physicians to Know - Becker's Orthopedic &amp; Spine
I didn't have him #DowntheStretch but did have him on my fantasy team so it was all good!
MY daughter picked out an outfit for the dog and its to big even though its an xsmall
... we've got a huge problem...chicago misses u... please come back... 4 me? RT this if u love chicago as much as we love u
aww ok. I'll definitely be praying for him!
I'm in covina. Ontario was sold out
I write stupid things when I'm not concentrating
A girl asked me today: "What's the most embarrassing thing you've done in public?" I replied: "A goat".
For the Lord grants wisdom! From his mouth come knowledge and understanding. Proverbs 2:6
The Mind is a Funny Thing, Don't Believe Everything You Think.
Tonight's pint night is the duvel art glass:) starts at 6......
Always happy to provide you with freelance opportunities.
Ah. You can't say no to anything because you don't want to be rude... and it's all so delicious...
#Milwaukee is lucky to have the When I was little, my mom and I would always share Anstronaut IceCream from the gift shop.
I take my skills check offs on May 14th, and May 19th I take National Registry... So that means May 20th, you can call me Medic Lucky :)
Studying for my permit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Excellent customer service store Hammond Aire Plaza. Kudos to Bobby Stewart!
I know we have water stops set up; I'll check on maps for ya.
Just another day closer to the end of highschool.
RT : Thanks to #FF, now following
Comprehensive Pension Reform initiative got it's name today: Prop B.
And don't get me wrong, I love Kevin Williamson. But I wonder how much of the script got revised without him.
Phantom confetti still falling at Miller Park. I'll take it as another omen.
I love you too!
nice, i'm watching a movie. so what made u wanna follow me?
Done deal!
members are welcome to come to #RESS event tonight feat. Melanie Healey
but ending mostly on the road... mostly a good thing for this team.
we'll throw a catie carden welcome party if you come!
Headed to #unionsquare tonight to support the new #ows occupation - be there in
gearing up for a busy day of #appengine coding....
what time
My short "Horror Movies Suck" just won Best Horror Short at the 15 Minutes of Fame Film Festival.
LMAO I love you RT : i laugh so hard & loud when i talk to my Brian, bitch! :). my bestie!!!
Acreage Music & Chili cook off tomorrow! Curtis & Luckey headlining, Chili Chicks and awesome chili everywhere! W.acreagechilifest.com.
I've been one of those persons who never goes anywhere without a thermometer, a hot water bottle, a raincoat, and a parachute
its basketball way to early
Sixteen hours, fifty two minutes until my birthday. <3
blacberry Apps you should download!: Opera Mini Yahoo Go Tiny Twitter Windows Live Messenger Yahoo Messenger Google Talk Messenger
Cant wait to see my gurlll Kayla <3 (: Next year we will party.
just saw your movement pass the restaurant I'm in on 18th. March on!
Keep up the good work! And if you want to lower carbon emissions, you might want to check out our climate change program.
True dat! “: wow, Krypto has MAD SKILLZ. Scary skillz, but they are his nonetheless.”
Probably how we should decorate Camp Limbus
Hope everyone has a three day weekend like us!
Air Force leader: Some pilots want to avoid F-22
Haha, so ridiculous.
Lemme check my stash . . Let's see what I'm finna cheef on !
Save Chick-fil-a for Sunday.
And acting alone, accept everything alone
No, i don't know her
What is our strategy anyway?
Me and he was awesome
dis key lime pie bruh OMG : )
angels fly for you Cody :*
aw, that's cute
RT : It is NOT enough to simply "put americans back to work". We need to put them back to jobs with livable wages! |
RT how do you propose we reduce the high rate of sexual abuse in people with #autism?
Thank you!!! beauty! ": Congrats Julia! RT : Just Got Word I've been nominated for another Daytime Emmys Award!!!"
Watching my cat make biscuits never ceases to make me smile
Greatest middle name ever: Waitforit.
im rooting for you gl gl
Love this, Ginny! Hope ur having a gd wknd. :) RT : Know your limitations and then defy them. ~ Unknown
Yo Easter is a lonely ass day when your family is 3,000 miles away :( #Happy Easter
and i don't know how it gets better than this, you take my hand and drag me head first fearless <3
My thoughts are prayers are with you and your family. Please find strength in knowing that she will be in a better place. God bless.
1st day of taking bus to work
Tip for Business Owners : Notice when you have frequent or repeat customers; on the phone, via email, or in person, be aware of the number o
I don't waaaana go to school
You act like that is a bad thing
That's where I wanted to go when my friend ditched me and took the car. We're staying an extra day just to do that next time.
Its all about production and money. #theydon'tcare
Randy Moss
Going out on a date w/ DH tonight- getting to eat gf PFChangs and then see Hunger Games. 2nd time 4 me. Should be a great date night!
"Whatever life gives you, even if it hurts, just be strong & act like you're okay. Cos strong walls shake but never collapse"
You are invited to attend the MVP Meeting Tuesday September 13th at 5:30pm in the Carriage House!
#flyers Stanley cup here we come
Mon 4/23 I'm DJ-ing at this show - Chain and the Gang (feat. Ian Svenonius of MAKE-UP + NATION OF ULYSSES)...
First women subtract from their age, then they divide it, and then they extract its square root.
When is the ring ceremony?? I wanna see the bling!!
yup! we sure do..nothing like it lol
Welcome, darn good idea.
Oh ...we can't stay mad at you. <3 <3 <3 Thanks for the Alec Baldwin thing.
On way to pick up my chuties
lol we rode until it died !
We don't always get the opportunity to say Those Kinds of Things .. I'm so glad that you did.
animal house, back to school, risky business
Once upon a time when you said 'Indian Rights' in Oklahoma, nobody thought we had any. A lot has changed. -Prof Bill Rice #
what can't Adam complain about? ..... Blowing smoke up his a @$$
sorry I didn't get a chance to say goodbye. Had to run back to Oakland. Thx for all the ideas!
Wow this is a great game!
He enjoyed his trip wayy too much.
Is it just me? James Patterson's commercials annoy me. Never read any of his books & commercials don't make me want to start now.
good night.
Posting to our blog Connected Connections. Check it out! www.connectedi.wordpress.com.
Jesus -____- you better tell a cop to stay at your house
it was great seeing you ! have a blast in kauai...
March in National Nutrition Month! Get your plate in shape with these fantastic tips! Got any you'd like to share with us?
: best article in my 4 years here, died laughing through the entire thing
hi michelle, that sounds good
Carly Bales. What's she afraid of? The infinite. Her mom explained reincarnation as a fact when Carly was six.
- Your Tweet Treat will be valid for you when you get back!!! No worries....Stay warm!
Windows Phone!
What in the hell is a "Letter of Agreement"? They write the thing on a restaurant napkin with a Sharpie?
if you creeping creep onn me <3
No longer wants to postpone anything in life-enjoy life now
Ees muy nice! RT : awesome award from its heavy n gorgeous, gonna tip me ovr luggage wt lolz
Oh you are just the worst kind of person.
no it's free :)
I love Jersey Shore!!!! yeah man ;)
Some people r just assholes
:) words that helped me...absolutely. great choice. :)
check out the new background!
got to love the Austrians
Yo, y'all gonna get up off me though. LOL
Now someone wants to know "if the subpeona is ready for her sister."
Good answer :)
been to the last 8 in a row only an hour from me
's Allan Levey on red wine: "There is scientific evdience to support that it makes you feel good."
Why the hell did my parents turn the a/c off ?!
Hey what happen my friend....
Happy Monday! Celebrate the start of the week with us. Great food, hot tables, energetic entertainment and new slots!
thanks for the RT's - Spreading awareness is the first step to finding a solution!
I really hate that Haterade is using the Jordan sick game vs. Utah for a commercial.
Thanks for the props sir dude!
je suis horrible at french pronunciation
Sorry Nathan, the sidewalk sale was over the weekend! We still have lots of cheap books in the store tho!
And definitely excited to see !
Cookery has become a noble art, a noble science; cooks are gentlemen. Robert Burton
Uhh... What Happened To Top THREE? Phillip Wasn't Even In The Video...
If I read another article on how great the Hobbit will be, when it is not even in production yet, I'll puke.
Yup. Whatever you purchase appears in the online reading room, which you can access from laptop, ipad, iphone.
3 soccer game days in a row having to maintain small talk with ex in-laws while maintaining soccer mom demeanor!
JMSR coming soon. Some hard efforts this week, but also tapering off. Timeinthesaddle in the big event. I'm just in the little boys race
Ah… it works, but not in Word97 compatability mode. Gotta be 2007's .DOCM Sigh. Drug kicking & screaming into 2007. :-)
Gladwell is defining the effects of being hit in the head in graphic detail.
Good morning !
the three sided bread
IU you get to meet the WILDCATS today !!! Better send the women and kids home it is not going to be nice !!!! GO BIG BLUE !!!!!
I definitely don't hate them, I'm just usually trying to snap landscapes from straight down. Damn wing is always in my way!
Primo spot in chinatown, right outside urban outfitters w/ tacos al pastor, pollo sofrito, vegan purple potato, and barbacoa. Let's do this
I think the headline is supposed to be ironic. That and Singapore, SK and Taiwan were all historically rather autocratic, too.
They laid them all off, going to an almost-all-news format. Brent is not happy.
Protip for marketers with fake hot chick profiles: Change the default iStockphoto filename. Bush league.
I always assume if anyone is up at this hour then it's pornographic. I, on the other hand, came home empty handed. Lol
It is a disgusting organization of pedophiles. No joke.
I still need my cookie dough that I ordered from him..
that looks horrible indeed.
Today is the last day of the Garden Expo at Alliant Energy Center-Exhibition Hall! Ends at 4 p.m.
Watching "Miami Heat at New York Knicks" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Okc protecting home court. That's all. U live by jump shots u die by em...2nd2none
Schools are rallying to stop closing students shut down a board meetingb
will follow 800 people?! i really hope i'm one of those lucky 800 people!
Two hours away from getting my badass face tattoo! Permanent eyeliner, so not a Mike Tyson!
hey thanks for tweet me happy birthday really appreciate it
8 allows teams who play in non-power conferences to prove they can win three in a row vs the power conferences.
I don't know... heat death of the universe sounds pretty good right now!
Just created a Twitter account for my acupuncture practice. Had been putting this off for weeks!
if its SDPL, they're just happy you wore shoes.
When is yr album comin out?
“: Seeing how bad some people have it really makes you appreciate what you have.” someone always has it worse
Join Paula Musich on May 8th - 11:00 at booth 876 to discuss WAN Optimization.
Hahahahahahahahah bryan-"daddy u gunna have to stop being so mean!" Jo-"I wish I would've been mean to your mother then I wouldn't be si ...
I asked and she was like idk how the hell hahha
First I went to the credit card site & notice there was not a charge for a gift card. Back to I-Tunes site & found I never...
Obviously I enjoy standing out in the cold at the airport. Thanks for making me walk to a ridiculous place and not being here.
thank u baby girl...ur coming tonight??.:-)
Part of why I am curtailing the late night snacks.....not that I have been doing them recently......will BB on later, til then!!
Who do you think would trade a goalie for 17th?
better talk right . don’t let no muthafuckn conversation let you lose yo life !
It's sad that I have to use Hootsuite bc I have way to many twitter names
If U could ask Nigel Barker () 1 question, what would it be? see if he answers your ? in an exclusive interview coming soon!
yeah that's closer haha
Thank you both for the best year of my life. I love you guys with all of my heart #626forever <U+2764>
m-kay... I can totally see myself jacking up my settings doing this, but hey, I'll try anything once.
Total body fitness is definitely the best way to go!
It's Metro Monday at Tampa Bay restaurants. Say "Metropolitan Ministries" at time of purchase - LG donates 20% to MM.!
Getting ready for day 2 Doing Antonio proud & seeing Coheed. Devo should be great 2! -Paul
It showed on MTV so I don't think the video is officially out yet?
so how you feelin
Yes I really do wish to stop following that #loser I mean
well played. Send one over this way!
#Plastic coffee stirrers, unless we all agree to get together and build something magnificently useful out of the wooden ones.
almost to 100 followers (: tell your friends to follow me especially your fans lol :D
You're probably right about the iPad 3 (HD). In our office we really hope they announce a new Apple TV.
Will you Pleasee Follow me or at Least RT this it Would mean the World to me ! :D
That's a little Frankenteiny lol
#otherwise just
Call of duty blackops online killing niggas
Excited to spend time with my dad tomorrow <U+263A>
Good morning, Twitterverse! I hope a good weekend was had by all and I hope your day is off to a great start!
Hey! If we get 100 likes on this we will put up some acoustic songs for FREE DOWNLOAD! Let's go!
#uCantBeToughAndSay I can't find my night light
It's a Vicks rub kind of night. Throw me a bone and let me sleep without coughing my lungs up!!
no we are taught about his life and actions not trivial facts like that
LOLRT : Thought I found some Bigfoot droppings, but it was just an old Us Weekly with Snooki on the cover.
And that is the reality of the 21st century "shift" in education.
please #followmefunnymatt you are amazingly funny
I too love u xoxox! <3 thanks a lot!
no jus being thankful thts all
Looking forward to its rating...
Students have more opportunities to share about a wider range of topics.
looking forward to this weekend with , , , , and !
In South Texas & need some custom tees? Save time, money & hassle & check us out! San Antonio's finest in apparel screen printing.
Client is an hour late, hmm, called and had the wrong time. Awkward, session will be trimmed down because I have another client
Man, COD Black Ops servers are tripping!!! Thanks 3arch for messing up ONCE AGAIN!!!
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. - Bill Cosby
Mexican fiesta with & erin
RT Neil MacGregor has a new book that tells the History of the World thru 100 objects. Big deal. Let's see him juggle them.
We...love....music
Gottah Smell Like Peaches && Cream . . . Can't Smell Like Shit Like The Rest Of Yhall .
what is up with the sound at this thing?
#Smithsonian developing Unit Digitization Plan guidelines for aardvarks to Zorro's mask. Time to par-tay!
Ha! No sum of money could get me in tights
The bloody mary's at #wineanddinewi were superb!
Thanks to all that attended our Cloud Luncheon. Stay tuned, we'll be hosting another soon.
The last 3 times I went to the DC courthouse I spotted a male cardinal perched in the same tree out front. Today he wasn't there.
Deeper Than The Ocean
“: #NoteToSelf, check to see if Bernstein was one of the writer's on Lost #PDXCandide” An excellent theory!!!
8-0 in the early games could very easily turn into 0-8 in the night games!
I gotcha lol
yo bro, which Publix do you work at? and how've you been?
Is Mitt our Baltar?
The PB Marketing Board had a great meeting last night at Bel-Air Cantina. Where's your favorite place for Taco Tuesday?
Anyone here on Twitter engaging in counter-economics? (#Agorist, you know what I mean!)
#Senators make a great trade: losing Carkner for Dubinsky is a big advantage for
Pull my toenails out with pliers or enter my billable hours in for the week. Decisions.
It's not showing me who retweeted me last tweet, so just me!
It's National Kiss Day.. someonee give me kiss :D
LOL look out >> is eyeing your ice cream! (Jason, they are beautiful, happy girls!)
2 points? When did Tebow get traded to the Falcons?
Seriously? is here the same night as heartless bastards... The chances of that are 1/366...
sure, let's go with that
Thanks for the mentions !
Haha 4 in my career. Take 2 hit to right.
#InMiddleSchool - "Hey BT, you going to the Sabres game?" "blah blah blah blah blah hahaha Sabres"
Hopefully the first of many!!!
no doubt
all the guys I have dated have been my height or slightly taller.
and, don't get me wrong,I love Canadians! I'm heading to Kelowna tomorrow for a few days. Your hot girls are actually NICE.
Cool. If you hang out with guys that like Tool it shouldn't be a problem to find it.
: Depends. We'll talk.
Are you meeting fans both Sat and Sun? Kill the fakery!
It is a little strange knowing that a chunk of the world now knows what my laugh sounds like.
So good!! I just finished #Mockingjay. Please tell me when you finish so we can discuss. Ha I will hold my tongue until then..
Basically I just want a job like 's okay that's all I want
Yeah Doe!
The Stress Escape pkg sounds amazing right now! RT It's National #SpaWeek! Whats your favorite treatment to help you relax?
All of us girls have that one "friend" who goes after every single ex boyfriend, or boy we talk to....
BUT We need to let others know what theyR doing They are part of OIL problems & Are funding the
I love giving crap about his love for crap, I mean creamed corn.
lol I bought it like the day it came out when it was on the new and noteworthy list :p
M0J0JUJU same here, but my parents+eric were in the shed #obvismokingweed & I took the beer pong table off the porch.
Isn't there a new teenage heartthrob yet? Seems like he has been around for a year already
ok I just heard you sing wow just wow. Your voice yeah it's amazing
In other non-Disney bashing, brunette problems news: I made the most AMAZEBALLS antipasti salad.
Smooth! Silky, silky!
Oh, Tuesday, you say? Singles' night here I come. Thank you, Sir.
If you have ever used the cell number ending in 8542, it is going offline this weekend. DM or email for other number if you need it.
Dude wow, I did not even realize that game took place at Walter Brown. Amazing how life plays out.
Dr. Oz recommends a 10 minute stretching session when you first get out of bed in the morning.
HEY ALEX HOW DID YOU MAKE THE I LOVE YOU TEXT GIF ON GIFBOOM?
This is true
No problem Dave! I haven't heard about the event yet, but definitely interested. Hope all is well!
Considering my city isn't on the poll.. lol. WHAT CITY SHALST I VOTE FOR?! Tweet me(:
lol okay. I get it.
Thanks! RT: #ff #CRE owner / developers leading the way in social media
": Rev Jackson agrees that it's sad to see people using scripture to defend inequality, including on an issue like marriage equality."
the quick red fox jumped under the lazy dog.
Right. Because 3,400 followers isn't plenty for now. Just give me the lawyer's number.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the mothers out there. It is day to celebrate the maternal bond that is a link for peace.
“: had to post that on my FB! So you'll have a tagged post!” - which one?
"A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way." — John C. Maxwell
Awesome. Thank you for replying. I will send that out to you later today.
*laughs, picking up Minwon and nodsit is then. Come on. We'll raid Sensei's kitchen. >)
Hey tweeples!! Haven't been on twitter all day long!! i have missed you guys! (:
": .... My boyfriend sucks."haha to funny
I don't hate you.. exactly.. oh, no, wait I do.
Get the social networks out, how real is this?
Ya Ex ALWAYS seem to pop back up as soon as u forget about 'em. -_-
why do you have twitter!!?
r u still appearing on mike & Molly or doing other things
I need to stop shopping so much
Thoughts are powerful. What we focus on we attract. What we constantly think about we become. Think Yourself Successful
I've seen so many atrocious websites for places I love lately. Think website dev is at the top of my summer project list.
Sounds awesome!! RT : Gonna try to make a flier design for Giant octopus vs Robot is my concept. Lez do it.
Write thank u notes 2 your best professors. No other gifts required.
MNF= & & #Bears get the W in Philly
It's amazing how many well known brands tweet with grammar and spelling errors.
Things I Learned While on Vacation, #34: Anaheim is not "on the way" to Temecula from Los Angeles.
what a great idea!
Gung Ho! we're watching you
My pleasure, let's make money together! RT : s/o to the commish for hooking us up at the foul line today!
First day that old roommate is gone (w/ her french press) the boil water order is lifted! Hallelujah!
Dammit. I hate awkward apologies for late-night snippiness.
Happy birthday kendall
I don't think you realize what you meant to me not the slightest clue...
The best way to avoid disappointment is to lower your expectations. -itsjustme
Fun :) I just earned the "TCC 2012 Blogger" Badge
It's never done, it's just due. I keep telling myself this.
Looks like he'll fit in just fine. RT : Aoki on fitting in with #Brewers: "My father is a big fan of beer."
i am relle getting into #niallwhipspenis ... stop making me jealous!
the fire was in my building! “: If you want the latest on the high rise fire watch starting at 6am.”
Mad at my hair tho.... Y do u look like this...lastnite u were fabulous...
good morning. is school done yet?!
#NationalHonestyDay Im in love with a straight girl :(
LOL RT : "Inversion of control is really just a pretentious way of saying, 'Takes an argument.'" #nescala”
If people passing away before I can interview them isn't a reason to step up the pace on my dissertation, I don't know what is.
in there. Does txting cost you cuz its in the u.s.? Moving out monday...I have to get out.
"When I count my blessings, I count you twice"~Irish Proverb|(( ))~HvAGr8nite!
it was a virus in honor of Phil Alvarez hitting 2.8 bombs in one day!
This hospital is way better. Much has improved.
didn't know that #CalvinTrilling came from Kansas City. Happy birthday, guy! I find your work both amusing and entertaining.
Thank you! RT : Best of luck at the Personalization Summit! Wish I could absorb all those thought-leaders in one space.
Why am I so depressed??? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
#np: Homeboy - Eric Church
The cows that are currently being used for milk, not the millions of cows that will follow to support the milk industry
Inspiring Excerpt – Little People Making a Big Splash
great article dan wouldn't mind a linebacker either!
working on updating the website. More content coming!
We set a date to film the Shades of Purple video, SO EXCITED!!
not yet then huh
follow back :)
#resume #tips A good place to find work is on LinkedIn.com. Make sure your profile has a picture up.
Just got out of the shower(:
A fun way to grab some coffee with your date! “: hosting a home brew class on Thursday 6-8p at commonplace squirrel hill”
seconded! “: Words can't describe how much I love Fridays!!! #excitable”
well played.
damn i feel so bad i didnt get to see u but i snt u my # in a msg txt me whenever
New Arrival Wednesday at Tall Tales Comics!
Need to add "rainbow colored food"
Just got up. But ready to go back to sleep.smh
Always have believed in you, beliebers you will always have. #nodoubt :D
you know it! I'm looking forward to it! The young seeds need to organize a mini Windy get away.
via : Technology makes it possible for almost any place to considered a library
Shes eating her feelings post divorce most likely. but reality is post 25...80% top shelf usually hits the floor and shatters
so Coachella this year huh? Refused back together, Radiohead, million others. I'm going to make a serious effort this year to go
I'm even up before my horoscope <U+2649><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> time to get today on and poppin
it's in the hands of hotel security now! The front desk can get it for you or find Jena at the registration desk tomorrow
#FF the queen of SWAG
Fuk wit me
-__~._ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
UK still has to win tomorrow and prove themselves. The final four game is still up in the air. people have got to quit jenxing us.
dope. Let's get it!
Thank you! Hopefully yours was still great (:
My husband is a Fort Carson soldier currently in Afghanistan ... So Ditto to your words!!
this is my nightmare
L'oreal Mythic Oil is here!! Get the shampoo and mask set you love and get a full size Mythic Oil FREE with the power of argan!
. & I are waiting on our formal invites to gala, mailboxes are empty?
The moment I was introduced to D.O.G.O.B.G.Y.N., I knew it was true love.
RT : Most of the job-killing Obama has done has been in al-Qaeda.
Is there anyway to setup an appointment with anyone from Bing to review my mobile search Bing API TomorrowBook.com?
Blake griffin a bitch!! Lol
me, my mom, bro& sister are watching tv&there was a commercial for cakeboss& big night came on. I was like THATS BTR! My heart stopped.<3
Hey, are you going to bloggy boot camp in Vegas?
Thanks for sharing out our deals! Much appriciated!
Gorgeous Albuquerque morning, planning a day of gastronomic adventure. By sheer luck we've stumbled upon the NM Wine Festival this weekend!
I still enjoy it. Wish it was returning in Sept, not Feb
RT : He was a GI recuperating at Ft Meade and checked out the book in 1946 before another deployment.
Everybody wants to love everybody wants to be loved
Provide very shallow water dish to prevent drowning. Each species requires diff humidity. Mist tank accordingly.
Bulls 1st preseason home game 2mor against Wizards! See u there! GO BULLS!
i need a singer
oh, someone just moved..now someones about 45 mins away from me(;
Mongolia was a cracker....pretty open where you go to the loo when out on the steppe! Got some great footage, not of the loo trips
Unable to load video..:(
#unfollow Spammers. Its a following cleanup day!
Had a great night with chase willie and Keaton tonight
How fun! Come across any photo treasures?
Might be sad for shump
good morning to all it's a lovly day out side
& Simon's worldview, I'd add. A lot of ppl who've seen what he's seen would de-humanize, as some did in the series.
how about three guys no rings
At MSP in security line with 38 kids headed for DC!
Steve Remember: If You Don't Know Why You Do What You Do, How Do You Expect Any One To Follow You? TY
If I Wasnt Rapping Id Be Trappin If Wasn't Trappin Ill Be Pimping If I Wasn't Pimping I'd Be Getting It PERIOD
if you want, meet me, and at its intermission! :) 313
ah it's so nice out everything is so much better with warmer weather
you said middle child, that means you've seen plenty a performance already. On the other hand. Mommy's presence...
that audition was just for a student project. But i got a audition coming up in a movie with the lead guy from 90210
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Hope it's a good one! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
pretty good
Start explaining to him your experience with child birth.
Follow us on twitter, then come in today for brunch and receive a friends & family discount!!!
listing to issaaaaa an my babiii on atl radio
my friend Jeff got a tattoo at nothing sacred and Todd didn't tell us you were an American idol!! We love you!! Biggest fans!
The memories about "Small Wonder" can only be bad memories.
where you been?
Scared bout tomorrow.
Things I heard tonite..."His hag is in there sweets, sorry."
If you're in LA on Sunday DVR #MadMen & come out to Flappers Comedy Club in Burbank to see me do stand-up for Flash Rave Laff Mob! at 7PM.
their defensive options are shite though.
3.5 stars 2 Mother Earth generated winds...actually very comfy inside the hot box....Kinda giving that morning seaside feel...lovin it
lol :D ok
+1 pun #win ... Spread some GoDC blog love there for the Ghost of DC and have a drink for me :) I'm eating pizza
my best seats left r 2 in 109 row 14 for $50 each.
That place is ridiculously good
Early morning gym, unnaturally tired this morning -_-
Have you seen the 1871 space yet? I'm hoping to get down there soon.
I get so damn lazy sometimes, it's a wonder I ever get anything done.
TCGD EXTREMELY THIN!!!
Pumped for a good night!
It's definitely too early for that. That's for afternoon milkshakes not morning milkshakes.
stay out of my purse, there's more than just butterscotches in there
The Parks&Rec Board meeting is making me sad :(
Thanks to everyone who came out to the gigs this weekend...we needed that. Now back to writing...
You don't have to put your fingers in it
thanks I enjoyed your blog, very good stuff, keep up the good work
I wanna go back to Clearwater with and and get on a yacht and sing "I'm on a boat"
where do you see yourself 10 years from now?
I'm hungry but I don't wanna eat.
NOW SING DAT SONG.
My favorite song right now is MERCY!! Love that damn song!!
why the fuck is Monday around the corner again??? WTF?!
where was the invite to Lucky's last night!?
"God, help me to comfort others more than I am comforted, to understand more than I am understood, to love others more than I am loved."
Come on boys, be nice. Too much drama with you 2!
As #SXSW grinds on, what should we not miss today?
Pretty sure we could get those services for less than a few mill, but thanks for the offer. Lol.
and if it did I wouldn't be leaving my house lol.
Close your eyes Mary Shannon! Lol
I wish I could make Wasteland this weekend. If by chance you do see one for cheap. I'll Paypal you the money an a bottle...
Free ticket to WordCamp Austin to 1st #blogathonatx person to find me (wizard hat) & give secret word: "BBQ." Tag you're it. Go!
glad your ok! :-) im a chevy kinda girl though. Haha.
Preach girl, so true ": He who doesn't have contentment in his heart, is the poorest of all."
Sweet isn't as sweet without the sour.
If there ever was a day to hate being a lady, today was it.
My dreams were all my own; I accounted for them to nobody; they were my refuge when annoyed - my dearest pleasure when free
I am officially in the land of 20 year-old MILFs. Overheard: "I want to party, but I can't..."
what daddy
Get rid of odors your clothes take on when they are locked up in a suitcase, while you explore the world. Has no scent. Leaves no scent.
oh its fine, I'm not trying to be a creep or stalker if u thought that :)
as it should.
Please reply to my DM! <3 (:
That video is insane. What the hell kind of propaganda is she subjecting herself to?
Tickets go ON SALE, April 21st.
RT : Be part of history, follow the 2012 Convention at
Home <U+FFFD> Social Media <U+FFFD> 99 Favorite Social Media Quotes and Tips
I'm so excited to be engaged! We've had our ups and downs but we are now stronger than EVER! I know without a doubt that we are meant to be!
"Mitt, are you considering Santorum for VP?" "He's a possibility, Ann. We'll see how he polls after his new line of burqas debuts."
<===Real Recognize Real!!
OMG here you are xx
I need somebody to tlk to.!
I need to start working out... -_-
Guess I'm going to brentwoods prom
I'm not scared to fight a guy. You talking shit? You can get hit too.
I've officially seen it all. Spanish hillbillies??? AND youre family I've never met??? Gulp.
We should jus get meet and cookout somewhere and play beer pong.
LIVE MUSIC 2Nite! Matt Barron starting @ 7PM! Come enjoy Happy HR from 4-7pm and then live music with your dinner.. sounds like a plan!
the girl in the advertisement with u
FLUXX! Its happening. Lord protect me from fighting douchebags!
Lent: forgiveness of self and others. Read My Mother Killed Christ: But God Loves Me Anyway.
Today in Literary History: On March 25, 1925 Flannery O'Connor was born in Georgia.
- My birthday , was kooo . ready for this weekend though ( :
I could just sit right there, on that little yellow chair - and rummage through that pile of books.
Follow Me =)
Merry Christmas Everyone!!!!!! Hope It's Special!!!!!!! -eric
me too <U+E40F>
I can't call it just finished twerkin out now bout to twist this dutch and chase this paper.What u durrin for football today?
“Why a degree in philosophy?” asked my dad. “I want an education, not job training.” Now I write fiction. Should have listened to dad.
Something seems wrong when the prisoner bus is driving around with inmates and an open door. And continually stopping at traffic lights.
"Mom, I`m hungry." "Hi, Hungry. I`m Mom." "Mom,I`m serious." "I thought you were Hungry?" "Are you kidding me?" "Nope, I`m Mom."
If you are at #secure360 wednesday, try to catch presentation at 11. Great communicators, great instructors.
Our NEWEST sister Chapter! Be sure to FOLLOW !
me and mam the dog whisperer
we wish man. In the future though
Exaclty, there are many reputable sources (medline, NIH, etc.)
We...don't have a buzzer....wrong house?
Thanks for the shout out!
UF could have 5 kids drafted in '12 before any other college team has 2 taken!
what are you getting?
Memorial Day is a time of reflection to the brave men and women who courageously protect our country!
Mark Fistric and Drew Doughty are pretty much the same player, right?
that will put a hurting on someones day
very confused as to why this (my secondary) twitter page doesn't have the fun new changes?! where's my search bar?? UGGHHH
Happy #ff to my soon to be married #2o2p buddy
Nothing says, You're Old Life's Over, like a 30 year old using YOLO.
oh okay.
The best thing to do with those Judicial Vacancies is appoint some people w/ Autism to the fold
No fair! I want to go!
A woman is to command a warship for the first time in the history of the Royal Navy, it has emerged.
yes yes :) now cuddle buddy you'll have to share :p do you have a crazy weekend ahead of you?!
I seriously dislike being single lol
Hey, I didn't know you were so famous, I'm just tryna pay my rent beyotchhh!
Bruins issue statement denouncing racist comments directed at Capitals' Ward - Yahoo! Sports (blog)
The cast of Glee has had more songs in the charts than the Beatles. Just to be clear THAT DOES NOT MEAN THEY ARE BETTER!
She totally is. Stay away from my models adrian... you and your occasional dirty mustache.
aw pink?!
me too
"Responsibility of the 3 parents" posted at engagemyfamily.com. Learn from these 3 parents and comment
you doing okay?
So out of it today!!!
RT : "Where free unions and collective bargaining are forbidden, freedom is lost." ~Ronald Reagan
Women's Health Week: Adding a healthy diet & exercise into your daily life can help reduse your risk of developing heart disease.
In School Tweet Me
play some pat boone
#SFAD: Trying to master the spec #script process...any #screenwriting gurus with advice??
Random: I like girls that can dress they ass off ;)
Need that in my life...:-)
I just got the best video ever. You kick some serious ass. For reals <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Drivers needed in the Milwaukee area, 11-2, 5-10, send an email to carrie at WeHaveYourFood dot com
Has anyone ever given thought to freeze dried restrant leftovers ? Even thought it may sound gross.it can be done.
Happy Halloween!
i wanna talk to oomf but i think he hates me..lol
I absolutely enjoyed it Peter. Nice seeing you! Sorry we weren't there very long & didn't get to chat. I'll check the pix, thanks
Are you working on your Summer line? Let us know when you're ready!
Had fun today!! Looking for some rest tomorrow...
Must Be The Name
no problem aha .
So the Hollywood Half Marathon destroys traffic for the entire day apparently
I'm curious if anyone else on my floor is listening to MMG Untouchable on blast in their headphones
a profile photo! this is strange, since you've been "spring branches" to me for so long. :-)
One who fears failure limits his activities. Failure is only the opportunity to more intelligently begin again. - Henry Ford
you better dude!! or i mean are you hanging with melissa as planned? :O
how'd talking to your counselor go?
GOING H.A.M AT THE CLUB? COME EAT AT HUSTLIN' STEAKS 4617 LANCASTER AVE WEST PHILLY OPEN TILL 4AM FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
HA! I'd even be like GTFO MY FEED!
Facebook fan/like worth more than $200 over a 5-year period to a company like Dell.
: wait - in a professional networking setting and friend as well. Yeah. That's better
Someone steals a door knob at Girl and the Goat...Seriously!? What's next?
Check out the new Featured Bit - Shats R Us. www.freekshowradio.com
#aasl11 most people don't think of youtube as a social media site, utube second largest search engine.
rapping skills >>>>>> Drake's rapping skills
#ThatDoesNOTMakeYouCool saying how hood you are
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 9.
Come to the Brew City booth at Summerfest, see the craziest collection of Milwaukee apparel in one spot in the world!
Posted at for the next hour
That's about spot on IMO
I wonder If Santa uses twitter??
Listening to SHORT STACK songs <U+2665>
I try to as much as I can, those conversations go crazy fast
Pgh may not be the most vibrant city, but at least it doesn't smell like a sewage treatment plant when the wind blows.
Looking forward to seeing everyones Prom outfits tonight!
Disney vacation with the girlfriend, May 25th - May 28th (:
. We're proud to partner with your team!
YAY :) Have you cheered up yet?
recipe Key Lime Martini: Hangar Lime Vodka, agave nectar, key lime juice, & 43. Graham crkr rim martini w/lime
good lookin, I'm bout to watch it up on Netflix.
4 to 6, Lexmark room, business casual. Want to go Josh?
Happy early birthday then!(:
This country seriously needs to learn how to properly educate its people. Seriously.
other people would be interested in getting a team together.
*insert Tony Todd smile here*
Been an awesome weekend so far! Great Science Olympiad trip, AMAZING church service this morning,& to top it off the Youth Day CDs are here!
Work seems to be going by fast I must say good day overall
Dinner @ Chez Bruce tonight! sure to be amazing!
Happy Friday T U 2
Happy Easter Y'all!! <3
Thinking about
New songs sound sexy! ;D Can't wait for y'all to hear them! :)
#GoPack!! We need another win today. :)
the money is never worth the creeps...
have fun Matt! Safe travels!
Guy buying a case of bud light platinum: fucking why
#ShitNobodySays man I love drama!
In my juicy pjs
thank you(:
Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing is like shoveling the drive before it has stopped snowing.
If u got a dollar in yo pocket make sure u show up to #figure8 on Saturday . We turning up !! $2 drinks all night !!!
my brother laughs so ugly
Writing all these letters is paying off. I got two letters back yesterday! I know such lovely people.
i miss you too :( we should hang out very soon!!
Glove Compartment, Glovebox - almost never is its primary purpose for holding gloves. Aren't words wonderful?
Thanks! So glad you caught that. You should come down to on Wed. for our premier party. We'd love to see you
Welcome to the B1G, Nebraska!
what up girl!!!
can't wait
ME TO!
*guys : Honestly girls with braces are attractive to me.
Seriously thinks she is getting #sick again for the fourth time in two months! Great!
Thank You for following us at #Acting In LA
This is the kind of effort i wanted in the last game.. KILL! KILL! KILL!
Okay so Austin Mahone now lives in Miami and I haven't met him yet and I live here in Miami >.< I gotta meet him A.S.A.P
I'm loving the music! :) Keep it up!
I'm always in
LMAOOO I didn't know lol and u unprotected ya tweets yayy
God+Cheer= makes me who I am<3
Ok ok ok did this chick really get on the news doing a interview with a roller in her hair wow
lol it's so creepy
good look on texting me
Optimism doesn’t guarantee you can do anything…but an optimistic outlook can inspire you to keep trying until you find a way to get it done.
Icing my knee <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
How can you tell which end of a worm is which ?Tickle it in the middle and see which end laughs !
oh my gosh! China fran! I haven't talked to you in forever. It's still luke :) we've gotten so close now :p
....its cold outside!
For our halftime entertainment, we can tell u a little about one of our alums She's working up at the Olympic Training Center.
Eat, drink and be merry, for tomorrow you die.
we kid cause we care...and cause your job is so much better than ours!
Just got a phone call for a casting.. they asked me are you looking for love..? I said yes but not on a TV show.. :-S
I think they'll be fine, even if they rotate guys in and out.
Ditto amd thanks
and thank you for your support!
yeah I do
I am an ornamental barbed wire aficionado but not quite a collector. I just appreciate security with a decorative flair.
Today's guest speaker is talking about designing libraries. Fun.
Haha, man law violation. Man can't reply "k" either.
Im on the edge of glory
Best tweet ever. Thanks.
if the ISDN line is down, how can they play a best of?
Raleigh newest TaxiCab Co.!!!!!!
Roses are red and lemons are sour open your legs and give me an hour
That awkward moment when, you miss your boyfriend so much, you just curl up and cyr, /:
I need a hug right about now!
best of luck and happy hunting! cc
Genius or what? Not the iPad 3, not the iPad HD, just the new iPad!
getting yet another reminder of how much and I are counterparts.
How come I haven't been getting these tweets before?
So I think I'm going to be a vegiterian again. Last night I saw a turkey truck and it made me so sad.
great fit - Combining Digital Media and Customer Interactions for “Connected CRM”
RT ": Put the cellulite Away!"
the show intervention depresses me. Some of these people have so much time left to get their life straight.
now we do! #happy :)
Realizing I'm out of weed<<<<
Maybe next time :-)
your baby just said fuck you nigga! You go to sleep bitch! Go Bean!
that's funny! "Carignan about this" But as far as I know it's varietal.
#HappyMothersDayToICONicMoms Without you guys I don't know what I would be doing with my life. I would of never met my boyz <33
Rock them Jordan shorts HAHA
You know how they say when you die, your whole life flashes before you? Well do you get to see what happened all the nights you blacked out?
Who the hell are you? Did I address you? No! Crawl back into the hole you came from!
Lets Go Miami!
The Bravo Events Trade Show is coming to PDX on 10.14.09! Stop by & check out local venues including yours truly! Hope to see you there!
Stimulate your mind, man
Projects take the fun out of things
Hey! Thanks for the tweet of the Ring-billed Gull photo!
I'm sticking with them. It's just hurting. Kinda making it harder trying to keep my head calm but
ill take a picture for you :)
Busy day.
hank you very much I shed a few myself not to long ago
Crisis Call 211 is now 'American Winter, the Film'. More exciting news coming up soon.
Community Empowerment Project: Preparing Our Children for the Global Community!" today at Oakland's McClymonds until 4pm
Screw it, can't even concentrate <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Half Of AEP Fleet To Burn Coal In 2020, Down From 65% Today - Fox Business
Prove the judgmental people wrong. Not with words, but with actions.
son,I hope lol;)
& Thanks for following us at #Acting In LA!
Best way to spend Christmas Eve: on couch with watching classic Looney Tunes.
RT : Most girls don't really know what a ride or die is.
Why has the slutty pikachu costume become an anime con staple?
...and go on to Season 2. It's a more assured, better-told show, w/ a more consistently strong cast, by then.
dude how are your seats
Would have loved to see the show last night but I couldn't bring myself to deal w/ the Peckerhead's crowd & acoustics again.
Really REALLY can't wait for Sunday to get here so I can sleep!!!
": Did I just sleep for 11 hours? #YES" that's some real nigga shit
he is a Ferris.
Morean arts center new cafe, art flash mobs, all add to downtown st Pete cache, hooray
It's cray.
To cool off while golfing, moisten a chamois or other absorbent cloth and freeze in a freezer bag. When it gets too hot, wear on your neck.
Watching today show they showed a spoof on Mat Louar being replaced , funny , come on I know it about ratings but Mat is too cool in my
I Kno my brotha fina take this hard again.
Freaking out ...my bday is in 3 weeks
thanks for the text tonight...and you call me your bf ph!
Sitting in UCLA's Institute for Pure and Applied Mathematics. Very tired. Reading up on linear algebra. I think I've gone over the edge.
KG struggling early...keep shooting Ticket..they'll fall.
#RacketBoys rough cut's done #Sundance submission complete. Hopefully we'll be showing in Park City.
Try and stop me, I dare you
At Game Salad party at The Parrish
show em who's boss behind the camera lens
Have a good trip. We are all following you taking notes.
haha...love those sandals. I think everyone at EL had them.
RT : Swarm of bees invades #Rockies dugout? Big deal. A swarm of mediocrity attacked #Rockies starting on opening day. http ...
Hey My Twitter Fam, How Yall Doing?
All-Army beats all-navy by 17... Not r best ball but we got the W.. 2marrow the marines
Oh hey!
Lines rarely heard on tv: "Just what I was afraid of... someone has removed her brain..."
Isn't it funny when some people want to tell you how to live your life when they don't even know how to live their own?
I see your APM and raise you a MVP...
39k to Hobby Shop in AR
I love reading when I have the time I recently read hush hush cresendo and I am reading the last one now. They are really good.
working on the instruments here in #thestudio. :P Will we have time to do vocals, maybe? possibly?
well, that I do understand. My 'toy' was broken so bad in 2k9 that my husband could kill me by playing with it IgnoranceIsImmoral
For proper flossing/brushing videos and great info about dentistry, check out ada.org... www.kravitzdental.com
me + cool points . = MAXED
Wow u must've been pretty busy. U missed some good games
Not a Nats fan...but if Hamels is dumb enough to say it, 25 game suspension
"You can turn off the sun, but I'm still gonna shine!"
you'll LOVE it!!!
performing "Baby One More Time." :)
i wasnt eavesdropping..
Days like this I want to drive away
Do you need Air Conditioning Repair In DFW call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
Let me know what you think when you read them. We can have deep and philosophical discussions about Fforde's use of puns :)
sup sluts?
It's decided! I'm using BitLocker to secure my field computer drives. It's built into Windows 7, I can backup and restore. What not to like?
Thanks, Catherine! Now if I can just find a home for this novel...
Awesome, sounds like you pretty involved! Much love!
When your faith is tested your endurance has a chance to grow. When endurance is fully developed, you will be strong & ready for anything!
It's Monday lunchtime! Today's specials: BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich, nachos...beef or chicken, and Split Pea Soup.
Les Créations de NARISAWA in Japan - reservations made
But I don't think that I did.
Going shopping:)
RT Sources say Luongo will submit a short list of teams he'd waive his no-trade to go to next week. Toronto will be on it.
“: but usu get a side of chili to go with it. Hope you have a great day!” Next time :)
good luck on Sunday Chris!!
Can we make education like gaming, where kids want to play more? Naveen Jain at
Cell phone on 2% yet? Used it enough today. Great job. (:
What happen to the old days when all you did was laying in the sun, went to the mall and hung out with ur friends all day!?
actually none of them are.
y'all should play a double bill with ! And, you know, Because we BOTH PLAY MUSIC. I mean MSC.
My iPhone has really bad chest pain from all of this tweet starring I'm doing.
Can't wait to see the finished product, in real life, and get to drive one. Signed, G8 GT, G8 GXP and '04 GTO owner ;)
im excellent and how are you?
You've got that going for you, which is nice.
I wish I could find the fuckin USB cord for my iPod.. I need new music now!!
The shortest distance between two points may be a straight line, but not giving a damn is even shorter.
Well, tremendous job - love the page, strategy, use of a platform as something other than just a platform. Lot to learn from it.
#Reddit gets the news out faster than CNN too
you can't make January Jones look fat this plot line was a bad decision.
Anchorage police say the people behind yesterday's Fairview gas station armed robbery are 12- and 13-y.o. boys. Clerk says they stole $85.
is just amazing.... your argument is invalid!
ok but your name is zendaya sorry
Listening to a 24-year-old shouting about how he's having a quarterlife crisis at the gas station. Trying not to visibly laugh.
Looks like isn't feeling the #Tebow trade to #Jets. Ouch!
Im obsess with these blueberry muffins at school soo good
": If you're a Sox and Bulls fan, you're automatically my friend"//what about Bears fans?
Back in town, catching up on SD news after week in Bay area, then another week in Mexico. What did I miss?!!
Why is everyone such a bitch today?!
Wahhhhhh ! I wanna see Chase this weekend . Merp ! (: I'm aloud to hang out now .! (:
Thanks for a great #wuday11! I look forward to seeing you again in the fall.
Connie Mack is a hack
you typo'd - I think you meant to say GROOD
Happy to. Saw your DM. :)
#Madonna hit a home run! Get the football reference? Or was it a strike? Goal?
Hahahaha I think that word belongs on your wall. Yeah..fields is outdated. He'd be a lot better....on the bobcats.
Know in your heart theirs an invisible intelligence, and you have the power to come in contact with this divine intelligence.
Anyone Vegas bound this weekend? Hit me up if you are, I got you at Surrender 480.612.3337
Spring Cleaning.
I finished mine. No idea how. Good luck.
R.I.P. Donald "Duck" Dunn
I think I may be getting sick. :(
helped my brother with his homework, oh yeah B-)
How long will I have to wait for an angle like you 2 follow a loyal #Mahomie like me ?
Ditto! RT : Dear body, I'd *love* to leave this house! Let's make that happen soon, please! :/
big fan of yours since the early days -- I'll be on the lookout for Big Hurt Beer next time I'm in Chicago!
saying my last goodbyes today. love you and miss you so much Arick. rest in peace <U+2764>
*with hispanic accent* YOU CAN DO IT!!!!
MethylGene Presents Preclinical Data for MGCD265 at the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting
just another
damn but that's a good thing
#Tomasetti report over...now onto Witt Associates. They will be addressing decision-making on August 13th, 2011
Start weak finish strong
no problem love
like your new icon. Good pic.
Those are some groovin buildings!
next time we will all go grab sum food and drinks!!
"Dude didn't even have 2 show up!" Then neither does anyone else. Fair is Fair
I hate texting people that dont have iphones with imessage
can't wait to see you this weekend! we're gonna have fun!
woww awesome video (: i love you you're the best singer <3
Had a dream last night I was running around naked in an urban area completely unnoticed by passersby..lol
Nice shot! Thanks for celebrating at The Lube!
Oh ya know….. eating tater tots, rocking with robots. Same old same old. Whatchu got going on?
Here in DC April only 1.5º milder than March #dcwx many cities April cooler than March
Anyone need an extra ticket for coachella week 1 hit me up!
Ha! fa sho! As long as he promises not to grind cupcakes into my carpet again...
im dead serious
this is literally the internet's favorite topic, next to porn, of course
very exciting news! “: cooking up for you next week: Mobile browser detection, HTML5 responsive design updates."
Been there haha RT The hardest part about this chemistry article is just finding a story to summarize. Gah.
hmm. can I have a session in which I just beg people to fill out my Survey Monkey?
where u starting at?
RT : 'Hospital Flowers' being played in church this morning!! I like this song?!<U+E415>
Sharing my story tomorrow night at a outreach around Dallas. I'm so excited! Would you join me in praying for salvations?
There is so much a man can tell you, so much he can say.
One day you'll be just a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one.
So much Iowa State Pride right now
I use dropbox now can't wait for google drive
RT : Busted out of $10K HORSE around 40th place. Played 2 full days, $0 pay. Sometimes poker sucks!:( FU douche bag!!
Love Papermoon! They have the best French fries and pies...
#Medeco - 9th question: 32 Series/Control key is how many increments shallower than the operating key in the 3rd & 4th cut positions?
hahahahaha....I'm enjoying every min of it too...lol
WB 94 at Puetz now going to be shut down until 8 or 9AM says What a mess out there.
i'd rather be hungover than under hung
Sounds smart to me. Cable is way over priced for a bunch of channels I never watch. Ready to ditch it myself
Volunteering this morning, planted some herbs for my garden this afternoon, and at midnight, I am going to see The Institute at Grand Lake.
they got you in a boot?!
best part of PAX for me. Super nice and smart crowd. I'm ready to trade in the salty, sulking fighter crowd for this.
Just opened V-day card from to me and ! Thank you! We love getting mail!
Go get em player. This is gona be the best #smackoff yet.
America isn't producing enough college graduates, and businesses are an important part of the solution
#WaysToMakeMeHappy Give me some space.
i just feel like running away to somewhere ppl dont know me enough to judge me .........
*pushes cart by cute guy* mom: Molly! No! Gimme the cart. Me: but he's attractive! Mom: I'm aware!
SUPPORT YOUR FELLOW ENTREPRENEURS
chorus rehearsal seemed so long!
Is it just me, or is Christwire mistaking Justin Beiber for Rachel in that photo caption....?
& pay your fukin beeper bill biiiich !!!
What is with the NBA veto of the Chris Paul trade; NBA fans want to know?
I have Geometry for last period today ~.~
looking forward to your presentation at
Excited For New Jonas Album 32
"My friends, my habits, my family, they mean so much to me."
Fun! . Please email me at and we will see what we can do!
Success and failure are equally disastrous. -- Tennessee Williams
TONIGHT at Current sushi DJ DIRTYHANDS! RSVP at
I think my skin would be okay of it didn't see any sun for a few days
Summer & sunflower seeds is a match made in heaven.
We're having our final organizational meeting this afternoon! Look for updates here & on the blog later tonight/tomorrow.
He shakes in his sleep, if you pet him he calms down.
#MUSICNEWS LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Whitney Houston's teenage daughter will star in a reality TV show that follows the family of the "I Wi
Two more days 'til my birthday....great.
God is so wonderful! I can't even imagine what I would do without Him! I don't know how people can turn off their conscience so easilly.
we flew by lol so you wouldn't have seen me! How have u been?
Feeding the starving poor only increases their number.
Thanks Jamie!
needs to have some music on iTunes! When can we expect a single?!
I hated him the day he was drafted & threw a hissy fit about only playing for the Lakers. I hate anyone that wants to be a Laker
Tapped to keep score for Little League opener. Scrambled to recall notation and learn new ("KS" = strike out, "swinging"). Used eraser alot.
.... hello 3ish hours of sleep.
My dad was born and raised in Bensonhurst Brooklyn. I've got a sweet spot for your borough ;-)
Watching a live version of Norma Desmond. Save me twitter folk! Old actress with a mic in a room full of nice people.
Every 2 mins I'm n the bathroom
Just quoted in "50 Tips To Make Your Small Business Look Bigger" via
My expectations are high.
“: Law forbids eating in a place that is on fire. (Chicago, Illinois)” some of these aren't that dumb...
Good to know! I'm looking forward to giving it a listen.
"security through obscurity is problematic" #mdl11 from Eric Celeste
New goods coming tomorrow!!
I love me some Jesus!
We follow everyone back as long as u don't appear to be a spam account. It's #TeamFollowBack 100. Mention if we missed u.
Do something crazy today!
Gov't checks to close the pay gap would certainly help. Not sure that's going to be on the agenda... ever. (Nor should it.)
hi babe.
To me, a stew is a dish with a liquid base and chunks of some other foods (meat, veggies, etc) cooked over a long span of time.
Registered my daughter for junior year in high school...
How about Doug Martin, Denver Broncos?
doo you still have your swac clips? c:
DID YOU SEE IT TOO!?
thx for the follow! just checked out your blog. it's awesome! looking forward to exploring it some more. :) -lisa
When I'm hungry I'm just going to take a tablespoon of apple cider vinegar... kills any thought of food or anything else for that matter..
Our designers rock like John Bonham! Wow- what a day!
how do you find another photographer greener than us?
anything u want it to mean lmao
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Sonicare Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
RT : Starting your morning w/ 20min of appreciation, meditation n prayer will change the other 23 hrs n 40 min of your day.
maybe its shown at 2x speed :)
Have a great weekend!
Hope you start feeling better.
": The devil keeps on testing me but God keeps on Blessing me !"
gotta love a super productive Monday - and the chance to hang out with kids and horses later!
It’s been a rough start for one of our kindergarteners at Positive Tomorrows! Teaching them how to act is just as important as academics!
signed some titties last night. now officially rockstars.
that's not even a question bro....Cinnamon Toast ALL DAY....shiiiiiit matter a fact....ima pour me up 1 now..lol
WTF?? Are people sleeping?!
Getting in an argument with women is like being arrested because anything you say can and will be used against you! Lesson Learned
Lot on a nigga mind.
glad too!
Great Night last Night, thnks to ,for stopping by - great job by the DollHouse Dj's - Spaz is back next week!!!
you were still tweeting too....
yea and ur moms friend lol
Haha. Realized i replied to the wrong person: I said "I think he can get a pass on cyberinfrastructure" though a teachable moment?
practicing sax ... less me more music is the aim
Well played, Wait... MT Lugar's loss means of the 10 most centrist GOP senators heading into '10 just 1 left: Cochran
" Have a great weekend! #cheers" You too! Be safe!
Only an hour left in our "Deck the Dorms" giveaway! E-mail us at to enter to win a copy!
uh we haven't decided yet lol kinda waiting to decide until Friday just in case lol
Lazy Fit Tip of the Day: Park farther from the door...
Kickoff rockin the Rose City Reds today!
Rehearsal with our amazing Musical Director Bill Cox in 5 min. :)
Have at thee coward = come at me bro.
I really like Camino as a browser. Does anyone else use it?
At #InSisterhood with Pat Ulbrich. Project you need know about!
"FOLLOW ME FOLLOW ME TWEET TWEET!" !!(;
How is it you only have 532 followers? That's a travesty! Hope your ego holds up!
Then Follow me & i won't have such a bad day i wish you would follow me
looks like we need to purchase some tix for da bears vs my cowboys #MNF Oct 1st
#sbseminar2012 Presentations are awesome so far!
thnx u are awesome
corporate discount?
oddness and a nice booty
sup man been a whole
Good morning Brandie
i miss you too<33
Someone go shopping with me?!
Are you starting the "reboot" early or just saving yourself or the 5K? Either way good on ya!
What's your favorite downtown Indy Restaurant?
on oovoo if u have one had me laneydavis13
iPhone with no case <<< y'all crazy
Joy to the world, the Lord has come.
#bockfest is CRAZY at ! Get here now or you may not be able to get in!
Searching for a "Gameplay Programmer" ready to work with a A staff @ Bay Area studio. Ping me:
My cup half empty half full.
#RIPDirectionerPaula hit Trend topic we DIRECTIONER HIT OUR GOAL
As a believer in Christ I still believe N the origin but as a Human born in sin, I totally understand the struggle All we have 2 do is love
Pretty cool! I met Magic once; really nice guy.
Dont funny with me them when u see me want to be all in my face like we coo
Ever feel like your family is a little messed up? watc the wonderful whites of west virginia on netflix and you'll get over it
nice shot! Hope you're having a wonderful time.
where are youzzz
I feel as if would approve.
Aw, thanks so much! Followed. :)
I just saw this msg...Thank you, Jimmie!
Just received email that "Steven Martin" is now a follower. For a second thought it was Peed. Then, realizing error, wept.
you cant have CODY without the D
#canon #5dMarkIII like the new spec of 29min recording time. Anyone preorder?
#comcast reneged on bundle deal. multiple attempts to resolve met with different stories, rudeness, calls not returned.
ugh that's a little extreme but not awful, I've paid $300 before.. but I dont have that moolah anymore lol
Oh snap! Pro Keds!
Just landed in Orlando! Let the good times begin!
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 4
Quick question. What's your favorite Boston Skate Spot?
right here love what happened ?
I love when u threatening alex with a pen!!(: as if that was gonna harm him! <3333
Thanks for the commercial!
If I cared about basketball, I'd be rooting for
Q1 newsletter out tomorrow. Topics to include: Turkey, machine translation, the global ecommerce and more.
Have something important to ask
#sxsw if you weren't standing in a dumb line right now. Where would you be? Let's meetup there.
Why don't U guys support Demaio for mayor? Is it because is the best choice for San Diego! Say it.
I JUST GOT THE JOKE IN YOUR NAME! HAH!!! [I'm pretty ...] And like there is any quandary ...
Just came across "Internet Marketing" session Interested in following your tweets.
Love you too!! <3 Remember me when you're famous! (;
And I just got internship application rejection
Master class this morning, then some more exploring Rotterdam.
let me know how the Ipad 3 is... I know you all are getting it
In this issue, BILL HUGHES takes the plunge into Baltimore harbor...
And people said Twitter isn't very popular in Palestine - you have > 4k followers! Isn't that the entire PS twitter population?
“: I'm really embarrassed that I haven't been to this banana season. Who will help me right this wrong?” me me me
Sweet! So bringing this to our Prosumption reading group. I so want to make Ritzer talk abt Lolcats
"he looks like the guy from The Incredibles. So animated!"
Ctfu how do he get these cigarettes. Like stop, you gonna get old fast.
Watching Britains got talent! :)
yes sir !!
haha my dad saw them and didn't know what they were at first haha
Time to make the donuts...
i just threw up in my mouth. smh.
If I go back to my old friends, then the old me will come out. Trying to avoid that.
Hey if you want to trade back today I can meet you by Mrs. Treblins classroom after school (:
Watch who sits at ur table & offers U bread. Every1's not always who they appear 2B. Keep God 1st in all U do & He will show U who's who.~RM
Finally going to see avengers tonight. ^.^
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 22
very interesting. i just saw nnamdi at Red Lobster in GB
Govern thy life and thoughts as if the whole world were to see the one, and read the other.Thomas Fuller
RT : Does this mean Jim #Irsay gets to collect the leftover #Saints bounty money from the Super Bowl?
Anybody have an especially tasty cup of coffee this morning? Stauf's quenched my morning thirst quite well.
#iug2012 San francisco
I need to get over you.
just did ma
Joe Hahn (Linkin Park) came to The Constant Gallery today, cool! Oh & Jeff Poe (Blum and Poe) came to relieve himself in our potty. Hahaha!!
hopefully I'll be going to verizon soon.
Judge agrees to release possible rape victim A California judge on Monday ordered the release of a 17-year-old girl who had been placed i
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 86
best be playing some video game theme songs ;D
": Hey Nicole your so true. And let's get a band back soon w ! Haha!" The band belongs together!
However lots of ways there might be of being alive, it's specific that there are widely more options of being dead, or rather not alive.
NB case of the female Navy pilot that was given lesser standard to be qualified. She crashed during a carrier landing & died
Everybody follow she's hot
DANG THAT IS TODAY
I like the sounds of a meet-up!
: paging nurse , Derrick Rose needs you. // oh man...I'm so bummed. I was hoping to go to a playoff game
GOOD MORNING
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT FANS!!
Right on ZGirl!
I just fucked around and deleted 7 numbers and stopped following like 3 people lol.
#Muncie,IN! We're going to be on the #FMRootsRadio on Monday night from 7pm-9pm! Tune into 93.5 & 96.7 MAX FM to listen to Tax Brandywine!
I believe has done an amazing job, but I do not think it matches the glory days of boxing (yet).
bro u preachin! Praise God for this I needed this one!
New site launching today at 1pm EST. Stay tuned.
CALL FOR VOLUNTEERS to help us renovate starting end of Dec. through Feb. free beer!free food! get @ us! <3
We can't wait! It is going to be #fabulous and
My girlfriend gives really good blow jobs. If only she wasn't a hand or attached to my wrist..
Glad you're here! RT : Learning a ton and meeting great people in #healthcare space at matchpoint Boston
I gotta a headache
Source: Shaka Smart to take Wisconsin job.
Yeah it's going to have to wait another day. 1 day in, and on page 5 of notes. This might take a while!
Thank You Cheryl Bowman.
Yes sir! It was so good I literally inhaled it.
"The rankings did not factor in affordability or cost of attending college". Pretty important for a study like this, no?
I'm ready to go back to sleep
Search and Rescue? I'll be sure to pick up two of everything as long as its worthwhile. Have fun.
“: May the odds be ever in your favor”<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Lookin good in this month's See you at in a few weeks.
Good Luck With That
I'm thinking that's an iguana...
THE best SAT Prep, PSAT Prep and SAT Bootcamp are at Columbia Education .. Don't waste your time anywhere else.
RT Twilight in the Park. Rick Robledo & Working Cowboy. Traditional Country-swing. 6:15, Organ Pavilion. #Free!
I just tweeted an updated version of the story. The Indiana suit has nothing to do w/gay marriage
theres this damn mosquito inside my room that wants to kill me!!!
The fridge is full of stuff, I want nothin in there... Why is life so hard sometimes?
Journalists' conference presentations are very different from academics'.
Cried in front of a teacher cause I'm dropping a class. Forever embarrassed... And it's cause I love the people just not the class. :(
granted the Brew crew hasn't exactly been much to write home about. Especially when you live in such a fun city like Old Berlin
RT : Q2: Not enough has been done, unfortunately. The system is still hugely inequitable.
Wow, upgrades are fantastic. Thank you.
Justin's shoes are CUTE ! :)
*cute kid peeing in pool.
playing catch up on the #ncph2012 tweets from this am. Being mom today so everything is slow motion today.
“: Fullerton Car Accident Causes Injuries | California Personal Injury …: At least one person was injured
wat is Tina's?? And anything xcept diet.
Looking forward to the 2012 Lexus Newport to Ensenada Yacht Race! I will be crewing aboard the SV MOJO April 27-29!
ah yeeeassss!!!! #LOVE take care of my boy!!! he needs someone to keep him in check over there!! haha xo
Most athletic??? Huh idk cause our class is a bunch of pussies
hey what did Burnie say? I just wanna get atleast one song done in the next couple of weeks before Berklee gets hectic
I kinda was surprised when I looked at my phone. Text me, I have stories to tell i
Nice one. Buddha said it: “Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.”
#scms12 looking at code comments as a kind of rough draft
I'm downloading your mix CD now
Glad to hear it! Glad we connected as well
Crazy wind outside! Loving my lazy Sunday watching "The Notebook" with a Better Buzz vanilla latte.
I am all that's left
Awesome! I havent decided if Im gonna compete or not, of course I will be doin bikini but if I do then have to meet!!!
I don't seem to have pdb track. Oh... duh... I don't have the python-mode Ubuntu package installed at all.
Clips of the jet fuel fire at the Daytona500 piss me off. It's not a sport, it's white trash being amused by things that go in a circle.
I dreamed that I woke in London.=)
Omigosh!! was really in their tiny chat! And I thought you guys were lying...smh. I'm too quick to judge....
Looking forward to the technology conference tomorrow. How #edtech can bring transformation to teaching & learning.
I'm a sucker for cute text messages. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
yeah, that'll last a whole week.
RE still run this gogo thang
it's definitely favorable to Schmidt!
RT Just upgraded my computer to 8GB of RAM. Now I can do nothing much faster.
I forgot that Bugles exist. What about Corn Nuts? Corn Nuts makes a statement by spelling "Corn Nuts" correctly.
very nice booty luv hm
you are queen ratchet.
Happy Holidays from !!!!
It's something I long for but the biggest problem is bending down and putting my tennis shoes on
put it on twitter so I can see it!:)
Great! How'd it go? RT : Just finished moderating panel at Southern Comfort - Colorful Diversity in New Media.
Time to start mt day with cleaning this messy ass room of mine.
Tax Dodgers and Loophole Cheerleaders in the house at #M1GS. (but fucking pics won't upload)
That's awesome! How'd you take that great of a photo from ?
I hate school, Monday's kill me.
MOS training today... Offering certifications for students next year!
Do you think I can wear a fedora to digi?
Exactly him but the exact opposite of him.
The soul should always stand ajar. Ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.-- Emily Dickinson
I'm the Juggernaut bitch!!
RAY I don't know if I'll do that, but you have the gift of titles! Great title!
Happiness is like a butterfly: the more you chase it the more it will elude you. Thoreau
we need more arab female vocalists & music that can mobilize imagination & the palestinian struggle as in south africa. final paper topic?
Never a dull moment.
sounds good! What kind of show would you want to do?
Double-slaying suspect remains behind bars this morning. Find out what investigation documents have revealed on NBC 6
Urgent need for chicken rescue in Missouri. Contact and put MO in the subject heading of your message.
mine improved when I ditched Dewey, heavily weeded and bought high interest nonfiction
Miss Ragtime on Broadway? hear TONY nominee singing "Back to Before" at the #CMUmusic100 w/some of #myidol s
figured you already saw it
that's cool. I made a few lists but don't use them very often yet. Do you ever bother to remove spam accts? I'm always blocking them
ccha player of the month Reilly Smith(Miami Ohio) customer - COINCEDENCE??? I think not ;) gr8 product = gr8 play
..but for real??
ohh, just finished HW :D tweeting and listening to music, luv our conversations <U+2665> u are such a cutie!
However we do have needs and I do believe He wants to hear all of them even tho he already knows
When establishing your bankroll, stay within your means.
How would you rank Zusi's latest hair style?
I don't know if I'll ever get used to the thought of hip-hop artists dying from natural causes.
thx. life is pretty great :) hows life in slc?
whats going on twitter talk to me or writ me if you talk to me I dnt know what I would do!
well. this friday night blows. at least my introduction is finished. time to spend an hour or two on twitter before starting up again
Thanks K. Stressful morning ... I'll take it out on the billy goat trail this w/e <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> RT: : dont do it!
So why do you go to film festivals? Or if you don't, why not?
I have German heritage so I'll celebrate Fünftel der Mai today. Although cinco de mayo kinda rolls out of your mouth better.
>>> You Welcome
If there is a WILL, there are 500 relatives
thanks for the retweet. How is life treating you?
Thanks for the follow! Will enjoy following back...very informative blog. I will be sharing! ~Linda/Natural Balance :o)
Prayer for FUSION tonight 7pm at Nitro Christian Fellowship!
letting your child record your family's voicemail intro is not cute, its more like annoying.
A good marriage is the union of two good forgivers ~ Ruth Bell Graham
Berrey says he's an insider, at forums ppl only see "T-shirts of people"
how my Knicks doing ?!?
ayyy beyotch i love you and cant wait for tonight
Thanks so much for the info. Hope to catch this tonight.
I say we keep poking those exposed nerves & see how she likes it when the tables are turned
#RIPWhitneyHouston. A great singer that had an interesting life and at times difficult life.
I'm actually more at the cut-and-paste editing stage.
whoa #DickClark - I saw the ball drop this year with him and it was the saddest New Yrs Rockin Eve I'd seen
hi if logan henderson is following u can u plzs tell him 2 follow me plzs that would mean alot 2 me also follow me
you should check out
You think you're better? hahah great joke. :D
Would allow you to look at the fascinating economic phenomenon of the boycott-driven circulation spike ...
yea I'm glad though! It looks like my mom will win a big pool..esp if Ohio State wins too
you tell me what event!
come visit section 342 row 2 tonight please. I have a cards fan with me that u need to talk to
Just finished watching american idol:) I can't believe that girl's first kiss was :'O
STOP outsourcing Sallie Mae!!!
those are sweet shoes!
follow da club back.
Thanks to for having The Mike Brown Solo Improv Extravaganza last week! Fun times had by all!!!
Well said. RT : athletic republic is where athletes that give 110% get the extra 10%
well I suppose you can say what you want....but I'm not asking what nerlens Noel's favorite love song is. Wait actually I might
How thrilled are you that is on right now?
I know! Or we could simply use..."WAHOO!"
Good luck in the studio today ... Make us some god music :)
See you bullshitting ..
Getting to see him before he left for work>>
Out of the 4 people on my flights I sat next 2 of them were playing fruit ninja before take off
Ud even kno me! Dnt say u love me ugh
Great conference but I should have brought my winter coat.
High Speed Chase
Best mothers day in years.
bike ride...?
so sorry I am missing you all. Tough tough week with midnight or later nights every night.
I need to know that you are going to be okay without me..or I will remain in limbo...until I can see you are ok
and people wonder what went wrong with these kids.
The 90 Day Rule only applies to Women that realized her Pussy aint good enough to keep a Man around
I knew that eventually Galaganov would ask me to play with one of these groups. He knows I've got mad chamber skills
can't wait (:
How does SB champs vs Heisman Trophy winner = Jim Mora and Ron Pitts?
Follow if jou love one direction !
Just spotted my first drunk lephrecan for the st pattys day season! Southside irish parade representative no doubt::)
interesting conversation, btw. Sensing resistance to idea that being an educator doesn't end at 5 with regards to this issue
Im so loved by people I dont even know...this guy who worked at a sports grill just gave me a free meal cuz im broke!
Aw, and you'll miss Franklin Park Railroad Daze in NW suburban FP as well. :(
I'm in the Hilton now. Where you at?
WPP’s Kantar Video: ‘Gross Ratings Points’ Are For TV, Not Online Video (via )...
Such is life
just stop
Every I time I see it feels like it's her 21st birthday.
Hey fellow Trubies, the wolf himself big is on tonight! Will Mrs. Suit replace my cousin Sookie? LOL
In Hawaii listening to what you want me to
An Apple a day keeps the doctor away.But . . . an onion a day keeps everyone away.
: LOL! That would be a "yes," Kasumi.
was at 's show last night. crying actual tears of joy..
This is a stretch, but does anyone know if #Sheboygan gets #Milwaukee news?
Don't come over uninvited TF!
Good morning folks enjoy your day
The amount of quickness LeBron has lost (most noticeable in the half-court) over the past 2 years is staggering.
u r compared 2 me
This feels like the old debate on the value of the object, the "real" thing. I LOVE IT!
Ladies! hit up club Skyline (the old KC Event Center) tonight to meet R&B sensation and get your pic taken by !
"Uncheck to unsubscribe from emails about news, updates & special offers" Jeebus. Could you possibly write a more confusing sentence?
#c2css12 This is what C2C is all about! Sharing stories.
Good job this semester! You deserve the next three months off.
A whole new world
LOL!! Doesn't sound too bad!
Pro SOPA/PIPA ads are all over TV... Please join me and in this fight. Please contact your members of congress!
"Everyones the same color with the lights off"
Reminder to all iPhone #craftbeer people: check out Best beer app EVER!
you're on my mind -- I'm sending prayers, hugs and love your way. xoxo
love you babe!!
I think mfs that yell "ma payday today etc" dusty af.......
Whiny Passenger on NJTransit #128: "Driver can you turn the heat down?" Bus Driver: "Can you take your coat off? I'm cold!"
Beauty doesn’t last forever, but a beautiful personality does.
You Made My Dream Come True And I Thank You! You Made One Bad Day And It Turned Into A Huge Day! Thank You So Much!!!
Love listening to but would really appreciate being able to see what's happening on the field. #toomanygraphics!
charilie batch and wallace
If the rain holds off later, you can go to the game tonight!
great job on post game.
safe travels
... Mate were having a BBQ at my moms Sunday you should come
Tweet till ya skeet..but not n da streetz...lol
HAHAHA. OMG. peed my pants.
Having a couple of Fat Tires m
Thanks so much! If the show gets crazy let's connect after. I'll tell Haseeb to keep an eye out for you though.
If I could marry Ryan Key, or anyone who resembled him, I would be the happiest girl alive.
Thanks for the #Ovations2011 love!
Ill looookk. I'm 12 away from 700. -dies-
why thank you I enjoy modeling xD
Wouldnt be shocked at all if chris petersen is coaching in athens next year
I definitely had one for you. Fun place indeed.
true true, when're you coming to the US?
cool thanks! I dont know Supermen Lovers or Midnight Juggernauts I don't think. Do you dropbox (it like its hot)?
he is related to me
Anyone out there having to change plans because of the Swine Flu, or know someone who's affected by it?
Harold Bloom has actually drawn marvelous comparisons between Rosalind and Anne Eliot from Jane Austin's persuasion.
Crump: "who was the officer who let zimmermen go home with the evidence?"
Does WikiLeaks publicly make available where their donations go and/or their operating costs?
Was thinking same thing. Amazing you were both still gorgeous with wet hair. You are a boy in a man's body. Adorable.
An on-going thing would be great!! How exciting! I think #kindness is a great idea!
too kind! Thank to erbody for coming!
I'M #OCD can't live without reppin! LB bred is the reason tho! We're ILL by birthright!
yes, yes I will! BEST GRAPHIC EVER!!
That's the Alex Smith I know!
Breakfast for dinner #nomnom <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009E>
...This is incredible! I weigh myself once a week. For the last 11 Sunday's, it has been LOWER by 2 or 3 pounds EVERY time! This is so easy!
Thats why I just keep driving!! they want that $ to go buy drugs/alcohol!! If they were really hungry, woulda been there!
RT : RT : Today's attendance: 19,087 - The third-largest #mubb crowd of all time. Thank you Marquette!
hey douchebag no one cares :-)
": You can fool some people with an “I don’t care” attitude, but inside you’ll know that you’re doing less than your best."
CHRIS SHOULD HAVE ONE.
Im ready. Lets make it happen
it happens to the best of us
I just totally got ditched.
My favorite Bollywood actor or actress is...
It's 7 am and I'm awake singing " California King Bed " and watching the sun come up. Fuck my life and fuck insomnia.
This is a favorite new lyric, "Here we go mistaking clouds for mountains, oh" #andrewbird at his poetic best
#KeyMarkX4 class - Q3: What # must be added to the control key bitting to determine the control # for pinning purposes?
Crazy man..that guy will never see the field
DYK? Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity principles are brotherhood, scholarship and service ...Happy Founders Day
nope, never actually been on the site
Piez: What are schemas for? Validation (return set of errors/warnings). Data annotation (return amended doc). Tool configuration
newt: "cheerful"
ilovezaynmalik 8 what kind of shoes do you like? - i love sneakers. especially Vans <3 IB- Nick <U+E32A>
ion do musi wit niggas no more b. ion know what to tell ya.
Not a fan of a certain menu item? No problem - just replace it with something you’d like! What’s your favorite item to have more of?...
I hope so!
Last night was so fun (:
8 Years for Demasi is too much. He cared a lot for others even if he cared too much for himself.
Hope you enjoy it! ": Just put on your new mix tape"
Good Morning!
damn right we are....
At doctor about to get 7 shots so i can survive #Thailand and #india. This could be my breaking point!
RT : Funny or serious? Help decide 4 my entry 2 #EukanubaPawsInMotion contest. Want 2 meet speaker
Stop pushing things off for tomorrow when u don't know if there is a tomorrow designed for you. Ur last day could've been today. Utilize it!
Dear Lexi, YOUR A WASHINGTON ICONIAC & WE SHALL FIND BAILEY TOGETHER(; iloveyou.shhh. STAY GRAND BBY! Love, Tatsiana
well that didn't work out so well...
Not sure about this
In every relationship one person likes the other more...
2.4 % of ESPN.com brackets predicted Ohio over Georgetown. 2.3% were either kidding, high or attend Ohio University
eh, what's 2 billion? Wasn't his money...IT'S INSANITY! Why don't people see what is happening?
my mom is like so mad. i didnt even do anything. -_____________-
Yeah. For a random second. I wonder if someone was supposed to edit that out eh?
ha haa I'm not tripn
#OrganicClothingBenefits101 - Reduces allergens
amazing company tonight
First new movie I've watched in 6 months: predators starring adrian brody. I need to get out more.
They playing with my hustle now tryna shake my pockets down my nigga's say hold ur head dont let lames bring u down !!
i cant rely on someone else for my own happiness
Mark the date: 3/17/12. My little guy walked his first steps on his own; happy to report that was to hug me. This deserves a beer (for me).
I know, but they were sent in to do prelim work to ensure his safety & they got FUCKED UP on the 1st night they got there.
A little half time courage - anejo tequila straight up!
See you there! RT : If you're attending the 3rd Annual Premier Bridal Event today at the Glendale Hilton send us a tweet...
I can't wait for #Summer with my best friend gonna make every single day count. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> #NotGivingAFuck & no regrets. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Please contact me about my client's suspended account -- need it back up asap! Thank you!!
If you're not going to ask, they'd better be well. Or if you only serve them med-rare, that better be made clear up front.
Kyrie is the man.
RT : FLIP SCHULTZ from NBC's #LastComicStanding @ the Funky Buddha this FRIDAY, Dec 2nd @ 8:30. More info:...
Can't believe how excited I get during my hs rival games still while I'm coaching hahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><U+26BE> great game today guys ! So proud <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles A Series Of Unfortunate Events
It is almost 2:00pm and you haven't stopped by for our $10 Shampoo & Set special!? Don't be left out 6320 Winchester Rd
That would be a great family <3
Yeeaaa! Happy tuesday too you too!!!
Macmillan? McDuffe supports but wants to have more community. Should be a destination for the city. Wilde wants it to create jobs.
...even if I think a numerical (if percentage-based) upper bound on fair amount is highly problematic, in terms of fair use precedent
I'll see you there Megan... I am so lost.
We are all Wisconsin's now, it is time to stand together and fight together we are the working class that pay all the Taxes. We will WIN!!!
is beautiful,i wish i was her
I did & I am SO EXCITED. I'm also keeping my house in Butler so I can see just how thin I can spread myself without disintegrating.
dying to know if you guys are better than the sally strips! Should I bite the bullet and get some strips??
i agree
you all suck.
Answer to every question: Yes, we need to have Tebow Time all the time. Am open to suggestions on how to get that going.
When have u ever not been the prettiest girl in the room????
Daddy nose best will win the derby today.
Be-Salty.Com domain registered and Draft 1 of site design submitted for approval!
we need to plan a beach trip soon!!! Time to rally!
See? HELPFUL. RT : I had no idea Skellan and Alexander Skarsgard were father & son. Just learned that via & Pinterest.
just awesome! Glad I stuck it out until the end.
RT : The US bank bailout exceeded the half-century lifetime budget of NASA.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Once married, your earnings are community property even after you are separated ... until you are divorced.
Just caught the Laurie Metcalf episode, very funny! Was that Anthony on the bench with Sheldon?
are you heated because it's a HEAT jacket?
Norv Turner and AJ Smith to return to Chargers, which means that a lot of fans may not be returning to SD next season.
Fancy Food Show San Francisco! Whose here?! Come see us booth 440
Eugene is Mecca for runners, powered by Pre
Ha! >> : Yes it is. my driveway is the shortest distance between me and the donut shop. Sigh.
and we love having the opportunity to impact lives through #SummerCamp with you.
Make me proud ;-) RT I think...I'm not gonna go to school tomorrow and have a day like Ferris Bueller's was. Yes...it shall be done.
Loving this crazy life I live!!!
Thankyou and you're welcome!! :)
#erl12 Strawn, when we cycle through these throw downs, we never answer the question: who pays for research publication?
Muscles still hurt and sleeping too much. Gotta get up!
I use twitter 4 advertising our services and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it ineffective.
No!!!! | “: My 5yo: "Mom, can I slide on poles?" #ThingsMomsDontWantToHear”
What KPIs do you think are most important for web stats?
Finally! Sun in #Seattle. How rare.
Lately, I've found myself watching alot of basketball ...........
Can't use the phrase "currying favor" without thinking "curry flavor." Was this deliberate?
Magic trick is an engagement ring...
beta sig sweet, have a few friends from there psu 06'
ANIA, HANNAH and LILYshoot in the studio today! Good morning lovelies!
What's wrong with broad shoulders on ladies?
I just ate protein ice cream AND I get a surprise in the morning
Shoutout to ---> go follow him(:
what game are you going to cover this Friday?
Wth the step back jumper
it was great meeting you in person Pam. Teddy has always said great things about you... Now I know, all true!
There are few ads that better capture the kid-like joy a simple cookie can provide than the new Oreo 100th ann' ads. Period.
At the ice skating rink <3 with <3
Checklist for #RageFest2012... camera, extra batteries, memory cards, comfy shoes, and lots of Spark energy drinks. Bring it on! :)
Probably not going to help. I always work out in the gym at night and now I'm wide awake as ever :(
Cool! (re: Cornell's heron nest in person) My kid was visiting last weekend, too--entering Cornell this fall.
I did hoeee
you didn't have to erase your gorgeous picture! I would have gotten it eventually lol
This makes me sad. I'd say screw em, but that's easier said than done, I know.
What is your #resolution this #NewYear? Do share....
No crime is so great as #daring to excel. -Winston Churchill
Im going to be leaving my school for 8th grade...
Whenever my brother has his baby in June. I try to stay away as much as possible. I was there a few weekends ago but w/ the fam
Q1) Content (levels) is regularly updated. Same game, different versions - #AngryBirds Seasons, Rio, Space, etc.
"Please pass out."
Enjoying the rain with temps in the 70's. Feels like fall.
Oscar Robertson
yeah for sure, oriakhi +bennett/jefferson+ that juco guard haha
thank you and soon!
What do I do with 3 U's & an i
“: Thank you! :D” YW enjoy the weekend
I wouldn't trade what we have for the world.
Awesome video, thanks for sharing!
well what am i supose to say!?!
I have a Droid, not an iPhone.
thanks a lot. I appreciate it. And thanks for the follow
I know I can't believe he's going! But the (literal and metaphoric) show must go on...
I see you Bwoooooiiii!
Wow, what a great Mother's Day experience!
Gee Willikers Don P!! *Robin voice*
We will be sending out the invitations tomorrow at 8AM for our next event! is cookin up inspiration and breakfast!
I'm not really sure lol
Hunters beware, all those dear you shot are gonna come back and get their revenge and among them will be bambi's mom
I know I just thought you should know that.
Can someone explain to me what the poo tumblr is?
David Harris + NY Jets = Go Blue!
Seeing people change isn't what hurts. What really hurts is remembering how they used to be.
Hope you have a great day today.We have a new bundle of joy in our lives so everyday is 2x as special since we already had one
No no no no no this $hit is TOO easy
"I am realistic - I expect miracles." ~ Wayne Dyer
Which can be scary. : Twitter is instant feedback for Mtg planners
#globalcensorshipyale Not to call you guys out, but I'm amused that 2/3 panelists are tweeting during their panel.
i need to start my diet on monday
I'm telling you! that was the 5th bad experience i had w mcdonalds in a month!
#eisummit I didn't hear the first question! What was it?
That's because I don't like you lol RT Haven't talked to in a min
lol I'm a single boy you silly bitch I would never ignore you. Iloveyou
#Imagine Austin writes his name on your hand. You: Why did you do that? Austin: Because I wanna let everyone know that you'r mine! <3
see this is what im talkin bout Lebron can't do it by his self smh
Let me just take a moment to say how utterly excited I am for the next Star Trek film. Can't wait.
Fanchon Stingeris the best newscaster name since Wolf Blitzer.
Interesting Thought: When you are split between Hope and Fear on any issue in life, you will be plagued with stress and worry
=) haha Goodnight, talk to you later
Whats wrong with our 1st Lady being concern about our children some1 needs to be. I support breast feeding in California its nature's way!
You need a margarita maybe two, that will lift your spirits
Ya , Obama Corp.
Easter is less than 2 weeks away! Stop in, we have lots of basket fillers! Or how about a gift certificate for a class. :)
no its ok i have theriapst
practice was pretty tight had the gym to our selfs and sparring was alright:) My foot is fucked up again!
Its been to long since Ive watched Skins, I missed this shit bro.
I'll get rest when I die
Enjoying 's new book. Kate's unsurpassed @ frank & interesting writing w/o icky "Look @ me! I'm so fRaNk & InTeReStiNg!" vibe
...Attending the LATINOS AMERICAN INSTITUTE OF ARCHITECTS Austin committee meeting 5/19/2011
I will watch the #GreysAnatomy and #Scandal finales tomorrow
ok cool thanks :D
thanks-sweet review of my book KNITS MEN WANT in your spring/summer issue - love the coffee and cream piece too!
ew idk how perrish cox is not guilty, just heard the news, ive seen him lie and obviously he STILL is a compulsive liar. so sick.
Eileen Korey giving advice on navigating HIPAA & FERPA while maintaining ethics of an organization. Control management's expectations.
"today we took a personality test in psych. I forgot what I am but I'm messed up." #sotrue?
What?! Got called in to audition for Power Ranger?!?!
only in for thurs but maybe veg/nurse a hangover Sunday?!?
I'll hit u up today so you'll have it. Hope all is well. Its been quite awhile.
"Keep calm and carry on." - a poster but one that Churchill promoted during the war and I think is especially relevant for a startup
are you announcing your show sponsor tmm? :)
haha. Just a guess. You have to run it now! They won! First time beating Italy EVER. That's history!
clear as day
No doubt!!! I gotch you!
God I love so much
its my birthday !
Feeling a lil confident with this PHHE final....
good luck with Rogue Romance today!
I dont get the new JC Penny commercials. I know its artsy & the ad agency art director probably loved working on them but Im lost.
If you're a #Mariners fan and you're UP right now? That's some dedication.
volleyball practice laater (:
Thanks!! I appreciate and (might need) the good luck!
What's your fitness schedule looking like today?
Started the day by remembering I forgot to submit an assignment last night...
has free chicken wings today @ Babes on Schroeder Rd! Visit www.phreeps.com
You are so sweet Vic, you are the perfect role model a girl could ask for. :{) hope we can meet someday! <U+2665> i love u vic
The NYPD is spying on the Muslim community and OWS, while domestic terrorists throw a molotov cocktail at a mosque in Queens tonight.
It is only in adventure that some people succeed in knowing themselves - in finding themselves. -André Gide
No Damon in the lineup? Well damn, the #Indians really do hate me. Sigh
When you touch me, it's so delicious listening to gaga before finals = stress reliever
- just realized that in your profile pic you are playing with your kitty...
“: I can't stand childish people.” you ain't the only one
I feel sorry for people who can't see themselves for what they are, accept their own flaws and come to terms with it. They must be miserable
So glad my friends and came to visit me today! I had a long (but great) day, and they were a welcome break. Thanks u 2!
And I have more where that came from! Silicon is dying to have me ;-)
thank you so much, I'm really glad you checked us out
In 1948, I begin a serious intellectual quest for a method to eliminate social evil. _Martin Luther King, Jr.
Off to pick up a photo of mine going in the Del Mar Fair. You can't miss it! A Christmas table cloth drying on a clothes line.
Sounds great! :)
And lo, the Lord God said "ye shall go out into the world and rent a house." And it was done.
Am I the only NON taylor swift fan?
Sorry bout my little rant guys. I had to let it out somewhere, and I don't think my mom would wanna listen to it lol.
some other faggot ass dj stole a remix from dj boi jeanious
Josh Smith...middle finger to you dude.
Yo Chick She So Thirsty..
hm. Doesn't really sound like I'd appreciate you sending her my way.
yes you are
Let it rain!
RT : Join Shayna tmrw for "The Art of Adjustments" (1:30-3:30). Continuing ed credits for teachers with the yoga alliance.
RT: That's called being styled upon. ": You ever watch somebody hate on your shit then, b on it next week?"
You will never be fully free until you see your idols and you challenge them to a fight of the death with Jesus' help.
Shit just got real..
I hope you don't mind. I sent you a LinkedIn Message :)
I'm alive. Its gymtime meds are helping most definitely get over the sick
Oh iPhone. I've only known you for a few hours and already I love you.
Good morning!!! Breakfast is served at 9am! WAKE UP!!!!!
got a call today from your hood...looking for some of the Voivoda plum, pear and quince brandies you tasted.
Praise God!!!RT : just received a call to come back for a second interview!
Make your way #downtown for happy hour!!! It's a beautiful day to be out!!!
Halftime at Lloyd Bowling Green over Brossart 28-18
confirmed we do have an issue with ks2, we are working to get this resolved
Thank you to the amazing for speaking to our group today! We'll stay away from writer mistakes for sure now! =D
Tonight!!!! New Year New Mix Show!!! w/ and on 10pm!!!! RT
I Didnt Want To and I Had Did My Friend Hair and I Had Left With My Cousin
I seen both sides nw
how is your day going so far?
The bird netting worked. We actually got to pick and eat some blueberries and strawberries! Can't repeat what the birds said though :)!
oh, that hurts.
Just wrapped up a photoshoot for the homie now he's #Miami Official . . . Stay tuned for the recap video
Back on the ground in PDX! Great to see the sun shining. Now gotta get ready for the Chef and Farmer collaborative.
#hurricaneirene draw closer to coast max winds of 115mph
Class or work is where u should be. Life doesn't get easier
Because for me, it’s always been you; always. I’ve tried to fight it && I’ve tried to deny it but I can’t. You’re undeniable.
glad to help you obfuscate you private life from public forums.
Love is...unexplainable
Let me see you do your pretty girl twerk .
Yes, heard Epi Ad is being pulled, and they will modify, (via our Doctor, via FAAN office)
I'm exhausted. I have so much work to do.
#TheGrammysTaughtMe that everybody will watch a very diverse event for different reasons.
I just followed you because you are a dj and I am looking to get my artist on your next mix tape get at me if you like what you hear
DM your email addy...& # I will email you information.:)
looking forward to it !
i HEARD you be playin' around. Bitch, when you're with me - you'll be settled down!
Saw an add for a Red Bull fruit smoothis
Your mom's mom-fu could stop concrete from hardening
yep they all n ya computer
This I-wear-my-knit-cap-in-the-summer bullsh*t has to stop immediately.
hey babe...did u figure it out?
Treat yourself & a loved one to a relaxing, therapeutic massage in San Antonio this weekend. Buy 1, Get 1 Half-Price. Now Thru Memorial Day.
that's the best!
what time u spinnin? Can i kidnaps u and take u to the other thing?
seems movie has been removed?
Glad to hear it! Discs coming soon - may you have lots of movie viewing pleasure - & thanks for listening to Subject:CINEMA
thanks for the shout outs dude! :) really appreciate it!
Hahaha ! RT If yu hoop in ankle socks im not playeen on ya team lol
This is one big clusterfuck.
yea its classic. Never gets old
Oh yea #KingsAllDay #LastGameStillCounts RT : I think I heard a "Beat LA" cheer. I think that's taken care of.
Damn just told me I'd like a water bottle which is already my favorite water bottle, of all things. Freaky.
Thank you to all my new Twitter followers! Love reading YOUR tweets, too!
just cut it out. I don't care whos fault it is
praying for you honey and your family. Love you.
Great weekend for New York Sports! win, the are back and hopefully the pull it out tonight!
So when is the contract with #Streetlife over? I don't think I can take Lenny Kravitz's "Fly Away" anymore.
thank you so much! that truly means a lot to me. I've always been appreciative of those who have taken an interest in my work
Follow me? [:
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MAMI !!!! I LOVE YOU
Fix for Intel's flawed chip to cost $700m
so I'm like haha funny or "I can't take u serious" funny -_- lol
Adopting A Rabbit? Learn These Tips About Rabbit Hutches! | Feisty ...
Paul Thurrott is so often shamefully wrong, but some people still read his stuff, and others blog about him. Why? Seriously.
4/18 prefiling deadline Augusta County delegate for 6thCD & State Democratic conventions to select delegates for 2012 National Convo...
Madagasca huh, interesting, Milwaukee, Wisconsin USA
Thx for RSVP to the #atthack #education in Palo Alto. Look forward to meeting u!
Today's a good day!!!!
I'll be slowing glancing at the TV! Let's get a win!
thanks size 14!
then go ahead unfollow me then! But you know you love me!
RT : Tip3: Include a link to your website/blog in the description for easier access
can I bring my dry shampoo on the plane, it's like baby powder & essential to my hair-doo. I gotta have good hair!!!
who trae? & I feel you suh
Thanks so much #Vintage fiend ;)
"The saddest thing in life is wasted talent" - A Bronx Tale My favorite quote <3
I agree it's important for profs to ask ?s. Do you think students perceive differently based on identity though?
I would but I'm omw to work
have a new website, for networking need feedback asap, from other Affilate Marketing Pros, let me know if your interested in contributing :)
Arguing on twitter about who's going to taco bell for the other with my mother.
#Imagine Walking around London holding hands with Lou & an old man points to you & says to his wife:''That was us when we were that age.''
That fight at lunch was lame.
omg I never noticed! Ur so right I have no idea!!!! Good catch ;)
The wknd is under way! It's a festive atmosphere around town - join us for a Pinot-fueled Happy Hour tonight 5-7p in Portland...
Applying at Teavana because fuck you Nike.
Isn't it like your neighborhood when you get there?
Can't tell me I dnt look yung for my age. A damn police slowed dwn jst to ask why I'm not in skool. Puhlease I graduated 2yrs ago.
that's right. We're ballers now.
Serious & honest question... What in the world happened to Sheldon Williams and Sean May?
Joss has said he based Buffy on Kitty Pryde of the X-Men, who did get ninja training.
awhh why? And tbf they're shit live :/ so you're not really missing out! Hahaa x
be a sheep, get vans :) but OMG I got some converse :D
Thanks a lot for the #FF mention!
Working on these versus during commercials I told u boi I be grinding.
Thank you for all of your support and retweets.
2 yr. old grandson claims he can't sleep. Eyes red & closing. Says Secret Service told him today is his birthday. Today IS his birthday?????
my ride bailed :(
I know taking a picture is probs a lot of effort... But... I want to see your tanagers :)
A new season of Arrested Development followed by the long awaited movie. Best news I've heard in a while!!
you can train as hard as you want, there's always someone out there better than you. -Daniel Payne
Tree house en la playa!!! My pipi 'S party. Headed out con Come out ppl. Hit me for info!
Tom Brady has thrown twice as many touchdowns than Tebow has completions. GOODBYE.
Looking forward to it! #WorknplayRT : Excited for #padres #openingday work meeting with and
your face in that picture >>>
i can never describe how much i love you in 139 letters! im watching your story on E! I love it! ur my idol! <3 xoxo
(signing off...) [recap later] thx for listening
This episode of Boy Meets World is making me uncomfortable.
Won the first game today and then only lost to 's team by 15.
Why do some people live their life full of negativity?
I get a kick out of how pathetic people are.
I have no friends today
Homeland Security Steps Up Secret Service Prostitution Scandal Oversight - ABC News
go wisconsin! RT At Milwaukee Auto Show. Not yet noon and everyone is drinking beer.
Day 2 of the Baltimore Comicon come check out a life of science!!!! Feelin much better today I guess if u drink alot of nyquil it works
Thanks for the follow. I'm really digging the idea of creating a home recording studio in under $1,000. What's your site about?
Watching the Tick and realized they put their credits in comic sans before it was embarrassing
Back at it... finally ready to go. Cant wait for launch in December!!
Probably part of it, though well-off traditional Yankee precincts voted. Income and turnout seem directly related at precinct level.
"BEST WEEKEND EVER!" ~ The same stupid bitch on Facebook, at least twice a month...
Just like old times in Seattle.
Agreed. I have Are a Drag--they totally rock the show tunes RT Why would anyone watch Glee when #MeFirstandtheGimmeGimmes exist?
Pumped Up Kicks still in the works. However, there will definitely be a spanish CSI video coming soon...
then it's ur fault lol
This is late for me...thank you rye & Mad Men
new beats up at myspace.com/younglivinmusic see what they soundin like.
getting ready to head to the #LAMarathon Expo! Visit us at the Hirshberg Foundation Booth#716 for FREE Massage, goodies, & #Pancreatic info!
Thanks so much for the RT beautiful! Have an amazing rest of your day!
You should have left at 6 a.m.!!!!!
He tells you "bitch you better never suck another nigga dick"
I hate when blogs have a "top ten list" and make me click "next page" 9 times to see the whole list, all for page views.
oh i knew you would #imgoodlikethat (:
Is off to see the wizard of sleep. Soon. After a few more edits.
I don't care who you are if you use the F-word I will unfollow you. #lostcredibility and my
what up mayne, hit me up wit that email so I can send you that slap from lastnight.
Oh and just finished "The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks" by , great read for teens about HS and fitting in
it seriously is not funny AT all. Everybody likes that dumbass show too -_-
that's funny!
I know right? I'm gonna start calling fouls and timeouts in my relationships lol.
Bram Stokers Dracula and Hurricane are now in Voodoo Doughnuts Too. 1501 N.E. Davis St.
Just had a pretty good experience talking to 's new Congressional press contact for the first time.
- my mom has Comcast, she calls every couple months and gets credits/lower bill every time. They must be trying to preempt.
I'm still partially sunburnt and it really sucks.
Pink ..Cheese ..Green ..Ghost. Say these words all atl once
Have a great trip! RT : #BYA2012 start community stays w/ Tulsa Bozeman Charlotte!
Welcome back! Hope everyone had a great break! We are excited 2 see everyone at chapter this evening! Bring due, ski trip and fleece money!
FYI...the cute Starbucks guy was not working this morning.
so jealous for going to australia!!! jealous, jealous, jealous!!!!! but, totally happy for her!!!!
i hate pest niggas they eat nd dip wen its gone
There are few things worse than someone telling you that you look better in your drivers license photo than you do now.
The energy of 30k beating feet is contagious-good luck to all the Broad St runners!
Keep Me Warm Please
Should I go to Drake on Wednesday?
haha make one!(:
ooh ok...and do you just twist yours at night
Thanks so much.
gotcha. Thanks!
I'm sorry for changing. I'm sorry it had to be this way. Believe me, it's easier just to pretend. But, I won't apologize for who I am.
#GiveObamaCreditfor... That An Occupier raid/search took place last night in a home from CPD.
not sure if that's just his focus-- will ask about other projects
i'm shocked man im trying to be positive lol
That's awesome. Let us know how that turns out.
Do what you love and the necessary resources will follow. -Peter Mcwilliams
...... Thank you for following me, and I hope you are a fan?
I look forward to tonight. Finally a good werewolf show on tv.
OMG!! I Totally 4-got i had Homework!!!!
Can you shut that bitch up for me right now right now
Happy EARTH DAY!! Welcome to our newest LIKES - Brian, Jacob, Hasan, Ally, Gina, Penny, Marc, Charlie, Damian, Tobi and Dan!!
#NP #treysongz red lipstick S/O to my babe reminds me of you.
Thanks U My Homiee hahaha Check Out The Songs Bro
In the house again tonight... W/e
Oh, I forgot to mention that I held elbow plank between my lower body workout and stretching for about 40 seconds.
Have been working all night
What did I do wrong...?
good job, makes for a nioce day
I know, I was jealous that they all got to work on this!
Why am I not sleeping??
Think the question is off topic for this convo but will ask when rehearsal is over.
Even the good ones are bad.... Lol Smh!
T-Rex - Dandy in the Underworld
you're perfect...
Have you ever walked past a hot dog truck at 9am and thought m that smells good...... Me neither.
You A Jerk!
Ohio Dems fun in Tiffin tonight w/ &
New parking signs may be up by the holiday season pending recommendation from DELDOT
You can't imagine the immensely fuck I'm not giving
hen i die in black ops i scream "holy waka flocka!" lol.
Its time! All set up in the living room awaiting GLEE! With my girl LSutton!! Can't wait!!!
Free drinks while you shop? UH, duh. CRAM them. This week has their Spring sale. Check in to get double #Belly points.
If you would FOLLOW ME id be the happiest #boyarianator in the world <3
can we just pour caramel on his body?
WHY ARE YOU UP SO EARLY?! Ugh. You boys need a break. <3 x
insanity is such an awesome workout! Highly recommend!
Why can I watch the same Real Housewives episodes 4 times and still enjoy them? It's a sickness.
No language can express the power, and beauty, and heroism, and majesty of a mother's love. ~Edwin Hubbell Chapin
"Absolutly love this ring! Have had many compliments on it. Fits perfectly!"
my sis in law :)
Needed inspiration & peace. Fantastic pieces discovered & the sweetest little show "paper kisses" w/ phenomenal etchings/drawings
Oh goddamnit my side is hurting and acting up again
once again goodnight guys ive said that like 8 times already but shopping in soho ,getting stuff for me & my nieces party tomorrow bye night
omg me<3 that would be amazing:D
fired is no good. I hear unemployment is hiring
UGH. Send some of that dank love to Austin please.
Inside The NBA!!! So good. RT : The dynamics with Ernie, Kenny, Shaq, and Charles on NBA on TNT are unreal.
sitting in the mall wit my mom and sister.. im diggin in my nose with this tissue not knowing its a group of boys standing watching me! lol
And then there were 3. Goodbye and :( :( :(
omg omg omg we're so excited about our next drink-along in LA. Hint: blood, full moons, painful transformations...
Loving the fall weather, but 'nuff with the rain
I Need To Go Summer SHOPPIN ASAP>>>>>>>
please follow (;
Awesome! your suit lights up and shit?
Spinning at lunch is #winning!
Sonicsgate National TV Viewing Party this Friday April 27 at 6:30pm (movie airs at 7pm)
At work? What kind of job do you have that you can tweet and play dodgeball?!?!
i want a
and the Boston crowd says it best, "Overrated"
My sisters just like "I need to check my Facebook" like come on. What's gonna happen in 30 minutes when u only hav 60 friends?
Every Sunday should include brunch at the four seasons with your sister.
Marijuana is actually very interesting
Gearing up for CES! Bought myself some good walking shoes over holiday break, now, I'm ready
thanks for following us, we should do a and #packrads campaign
Trying to get out of the office so I can make it to the dodgeball game. Surviving w/ the Seal pandora station. DUCKS!!!!
damn everybody just acting funny this morning
I love not putting a name on twitter so no one knows who I am.
Thanks to my newest followers: I love ya!
WVAFT forgot my invite, kinda like they are forgetting about the needs of thousands of students who want choice in their edu.
Yuck! I don't think I'll even be able to get the dogs to go for a walk in that!
tytytytyt!!! ive been slacking on my fan duties the dogs almost bit my head off haha jk ty tho
#iloveyoutoo and sorry, i was texted people and it takes me like 235702398 minutes just to send one text cause my phones stupid.
These minutes need to go by faster
trying real hard to get put on the train
more intelligence comes with more obvious stupidity, apparently.
“: New favorite beer: UINTA COCKEYED COOPER #Whoa! Bourbon Barrel Barley Wine at it's finest! trade for this one
yeah would love to get in there has done shows a mid east church good life and more before
Never take what you have for granted. From one day to the next its gone..
And the laugh attack continues. I mean... have you ever seen a professional soccer player walk, no run, through a screen door?!?!
Thanks for the FUNK REPUBLIC tee shirt!! will wear it proudly!! keep up the funk!
If Rodan swooped from the skies and devoured every #RedSox player on the field right now it wouldn't surprise me. Might even salvage the day
that should totally be an Internet meme. Like "I'm on a boat!", but "I'm in a sink!"
"Man, when you hit the sundial crew, it gets I"
Come see us at the Showbox SoDo Lounge tonight! 8pm, $10 at the door, 21+, w/Nearly Naked, No Ground, and Invisible Giants!
Our Festival dates are: June 28 through July 1, 2012! Join us in Olde Town Arvada, Colorado!
I hate when things don't happen the way u plan them to be
#JohnCarter was awesome but I was a little disappointing they didn't have all the full-frontal male nudity from the book
The Life
*Dre Voice* Thank God Its Friday.
Cant wait til the weekend its gone b fun (sixflags) alredy niooh
OK curiosity has got me I'm gonna check out America's Got Talent coming up at 8p. Let's see what this is all about
of course :)) and i recorded all the girls from brooklyn so i don't have to bother you for it anymore!! haha
Yeah, that's pretty terrible. I wonder what happened there?
was it just a drawing a a hand flipping the bird? if so,
Dyslexics have more fnu.
Auto-tuned vocals scare the shit out of me. But then again so did that KFC sandwich with two chicken patties for a bun. World still turning.
Avoid the xmas shopping crowds & purchase your Clear2Go bottle w/ filter at www.amazon.com or www.Clear2O.com!
“: He just grinned and shook my hand, and "No" was all he said. #TheWeight”
Lovin 's nails!
Did I tell you that 's show on Saturday was off the hook? I'm very proud and happy for her .
Mani/pedi complete... off to pick up my darlings from school.
What's up?
graham should make a twitter
Oh yeah u bet i will!! I can't wait *-*
Once a month I think... Daddy Long Legs killin' it!!!! Cool of the super cool How did I get in here
Our server is back up, again folks sorry about the inconvenience.
Sh&t load of stuff to do when I get home. Pumped!
Somewhere, Dr. Drew is desperately texting on his phone.
100th tweet, the trial period of C Ponder begins tonight #suckforluck #skolvikes. I will step tweet game up
Can't sleep fml!!
Lemon Ice + Twitter = God Day English Paper + Homework = procrastination and me.
I can't remember the last time I got a good night's sleep.
Aw take care! :) I will & love you too! xoxo
Thanks for joining in #SommChat on #WW - look fwd to seeing you often:)
So There is still no word about little Isabel Celis. I keep praying and praying and i cant give up on her because I know she's out there. :(
you coming to #rockoutautism ?
say some off the wall shit
If you're like me and like be the first to know about good new music then check out
I think im feling true stress for the first time in life.
you realize it's right? is just trying to keep everyone updated. Thats why it says "EA server"
So no one got beets at PC Richards but the cookies are real...?? Ah! Who's on first? :)
Friday morning in LA and, wait... what's that in the air...? falling from the sky... oh no... it's drizzle... this is NOT why I left England
Oh, what school do you attend?
Can't wait to see tonight!
mammary is the correct anatomical term. youre welcome
Pictures and video of ProtoTap's first gig are coming soon! Be on the look out.
Looking for transsexual lovers? We got you covered. www.mydateishere.com
ugh grr we need Togo out son
I just requested to join the group - sounds great! Can't wait to read the thread.
Love it. RT : The Columbus Christophers. Its dumb, just like the NBA
Conference finals yeah!!!
I might tell a lie if you askin' me my whereabouts but I might talk that real if you ask me what I care about.
I'm not at the point of a travel replacement, but we're getting there with iWork. I need Parallels/CS4 wherever I go.
yes we do. We are currently revamping our site.
I'm on a plane. I can't complain.
Only thing i think im missing out on at cchs is a good time at prom with old friends but its whatever enjoy yourselves guys!
well thank you
You Could Be My BackBone Every Nigga Needa Spine
Proverbs 18:12 Before destruction the heart of man is haughty, and before honour is humility.
oh and kill bill! Both of them, one little more than two but still. And Inglorious Bastards.
As a Michigander, I can tell you its not lackadaisical. The seasons end is soon, and it's inevitable. So lets go Lions!
- - it looks like #Kurt nailed it in the #NYADAauditions! :) Now let's hope #Rachel does the same :)
what does the switch thingy on memory cards do?
Here we go!! SOTU fun begins. Who will be the first SOTUBingo winners from Wabash's RHE 370 / PSC 371 class? The boards are filled out!
What's a God to a nonbeliever who don't believe in anything?
My original post was rife with puns too. A few came out in my reply.
Is it really nerdy to yell "Don't tempt me, Frodo!" when someone offers you a free sample at the grocery store ?
O - on that last tweet - "dirty" means "laborious" - not, y'know, dirty.
How did I miss this for ten years? Code, by Charles Petzold is the best technical writing I have ever experienced. Amazing.
had THE BEST class The last night! Amazing! Thank you
QUESTION: How many true heroes have you encountered in your life?
are you running a marathon? and thank you!!!!
well are they still alive?
why don't you guys post your wonderful "How Hiring an Anthropologist Will Make Your Firm More." presentation on SlideShare?
i wish i had your brother!
At #kipcamp telling us consumers (aka people) want to talk to other people in the NWO not our logos.
my mommy said no:( sorry
Cmon 76ers y'all can do this!
thanks for all the answers! I'm gonna try to make it to a game as soon as possible
Thank you. Many blessings to you also
Hahaha I just heard a guy tell his daughter "stop stepping on your shadow!"
. Hi Katherine. Thanks for the follow. Ditto. ;)
lol you're awesome x)
Thanks for the encouragement! It's an honor and privilege to be a blood donor.
Make your health and self a priority. Just finished my 2 mile run and I hurt. :) : What advice would you give your younger self?
Already fave brother
How do you feel about SD? Personally, I'm not worried. I built that team...and I'd be damned if I can't take it out.
#European #elections leaders of #France, #Greece fell. #Italy voting today. Their citizens not supporting #austerity. Can't say I blame them
ok dope. Do you plan on coming to los Angeles
Anyone know if #Scrivener for Windows runs under Wine?
I'm really lucky to be married to such a beautiful, intelligent and courageous person--my wife Nelissa! Te amo!
Welcome to twitter!!! BTW - nice to see you last weekend! Felt like I never left.
#I #really #don't
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 19
Santana + "if I can't have you" =AMAZING
: prly does lower barrier to entry for non-writers/ppl who d/n know what to say. feel like something is lost though…
Pleased that some of the students in my library instruction class this morning were aware of the SOPA protests.
#Tigers Walk off. Ironic that Valverde gets the W
Stop Pressuring Me was HOT!!!!! Congrats
OMG I freakin LOVE the Eddie Bauer catalog.
I will be on site tomorrow at
Can't wait for the season finale of tomorrow night!! On the other hand I don't want to wait all summer for new episodes..
This bus is sick
I hope you feel better!
haha as long as I'm prettier!
.....And the mind goes places, pleasurable places.
taking 75 first graders to the zoo tomorrow. what could possibly go wrong?
im outsets
Eep! I hit return too soon!
u r welcome!
I love that I have an album in my itunes library entitled 'Music to Watch Girls Cry' haha
Cluster fuck at mighty taco in Henrietta
Who are you most excited to see? Dan, Dana, or Koa?
Post your photos of fun times at This is It! To our wall and we will add them to the video roll at the bar!
Follow me back :)
Mad at you for what crazy RT : I think my besties is mad at me an I'm scared to call her an ask.
Low around freezing tonight. Temperatures will recover tomorrow into the mid 50's and hold steady there for the remainder of the week.
well just be confused
What a world what a world
Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
Visit this free promotion site on my profile if you need more follows..hey follow4follow? will trade. :)
“I think every human being has a level of melancholy in life and in general.”—Sandra Bullock
I can make anything work IN TEH WORLD
All I can say about today is: so close it hurts
best comeback in mls history?
Well when you realize it's mostly hard not to....
Sort of forgot how much I like At the Drive-In.
Provided the weather doesn't pour down too much this weekend, some tree plantings will take place in honor of Earth Day. #motherEarth'sDay
thanks for following us! Let us know if any clients are interested in rmm through #fb for residents
Tweet a deet deet im wasted.
Im absolutely sickened over this Tennessee horse abuse...that torture should be done to those people! A matter a fact hang the humans!
Everest junkie? Check out With Eric West on facebook or on twitter for daily facts about Everest/8000m peaks
HIT LIST: Stephen Spielberg, Cicely Tyson, Maya Angelou, Angelina Jolie, Dalai Lama, Eckhart Tolle, & Oprah. HELP me to KNOW/MEET them!
Good time at the gym:) very hot arabics;)
That tweet made me feel obese
i love the bit when there are the shop and all the buttons come of and break the mirror. LOVE THAT BIT <3
A little concerned about Hostess Brands intention of fileing Chapter 11and the 10 for $1.00 sale on their products at Albertsons.
If someone is eligible to immigrate to the United States, his (or her) child and spouse is generally permitted to immigrate with him.
It seems like just yesterday I was witnessing her birth via twitter. They grow up so fast.
“: DAMN SHE CUTE !!! #EVERYONE Go Follow <-----”thanks
Compost worms have arrived. Think this means that I'm officially settled in DC.
Love isn't a quantifier, there is no loving more or less. That's caring. You could definitely care less. Leave love out of it.
I needa be doing something to this head of mines.
My ceiling fan squeaks.
I definitely want a blog post from you on this session. Sounds great (and we know how I feel abt ghost blogging).
Thanks to all the partners & attendees at our Neighborhood Revitalization Conference - safe travels home, hasta la próxima
The photos on you website are so inspiring thank you.
RT talk stupid off wit ya head...
Wow, looks fantastic!
First day of classes today. Welcome back everyone!
: "parrot work…contingent communication"// I say in new book zero sum=zero partner in smart species, we've obscured this in humans
Coffee, Robitussin, frantic last-minute GIF-animating. Time to finish this damn website.
I'm slowly realizing why going to bed at 7:30 may not have been the best idea.
Dear God, yes. To both your points...:-)
haha when he first came on he looked at me like right away :') it seriously was an amazing day!
Thanks Elaine u r the best
why u say that u weren't DJin for Shawn when hit PDX?
That sounds really good!
Why don't the NBA players come together and start their own leauge?
Omg I wish Yunah didn't move..
Lol some dude asked to take me out...I asked him if my boyfriend could come too..he said yes and then gave me his number! WTH!! Smh lol
#fuckyouwashington, End the Fed, Obama is a puppet for Corporation, we Need a
Now I've always raved about the importance of making lists; as I get older I wonder if that's just another form of procrastination.
": Shoutout to them crips stuck at a red light right now."
Me:" Meh :( Baby! I can't sleep I'm too excited for tomorrow!" Taylor:"Well just clear your mind. Just try to think of something boring
If you need any tribal energy tips tweet me.
The rock heart is fantastic!
Hey Viva, did not see this until now! Good looking out! Will definitely sign up! FE Dev :)
Good thing stays up so late.. I needed the late night vent. I definitely would have gone back to my old runnin ways :/
Fucking highways during school hours <<<
Thanks for all the #spar12 updates today. On plane now bound for Houston. See everybody in the morning. Come to the CMSC table. Good night!
Thank you to everyone who came out early to see us play last night. The energy was fantastic. Thank you for the support<3
Bitch tripping
she is sweet, thanks one of our 4 legged children How are you??
Nasty Spanish!!
Any web designers interested in helping us design a webpage let us know!
Matt shaved his fat cat Autumn last summer. We all learned she is actually a small fat lion. FACT
": Black Mamba >" the entire NBA combined
why can't they be more like archstone or the MCAs????
As of last night my iPhone 4S was "pending shipment". Better than backorder but doubting I will have it by the end of the week.
I had to do it. Something said up ur pledge by 5.00. I need Jesus all day every day
I really want either a turtle or a lizard :D
I love the RH! Better yet I love the NJ Housewives my old neighborhood too!
Spent all the money I made tonight on gas to get to & from my house in Lawrence...
I know :O i told him my love is bigger then everything
it was one of mine too!! What are you doing tonight?
I am going to church so you shall see me maybe lol and giving her a card from my heart <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> - #hallmark hehe
I'll tweet more too ;)
Thank you! Miss your face.
Hang, hang on Jersey, Jersey hang on
they're trying to get some money from you .
Good Sunday morning! I will remember Trayvon Martin today and pray for this family and his love ones.
Me either... do you think we could just write our name & leave the message lines blank ?
Hahaha RT: You think the US has political problems. Japan is going through Prime Ministers faster than I go through face wash.
I need just one more hour of sleep!
worst class of the day, english. whatever, just 3 more periods :)
no, come with me to Miami!
hurry up... #blogathonatx is calling you!
nothing sexier than a man with a passion for people's money...
i wish 1 nothing but the best cuz she deserves it... as for the other 1.. she needs fucking help..like serious help smh
Chad should have a twitter.
Suede was insane! Big thanks to my dude
Deer Lakes, Central Cambria, Somerset next up. Here's looking at you!
Still feeling like I take 2 steps back for each 1 forward, but back to exercising, and keeping overwhelm at bay.
school tomorrow. ugh why. ~
I love the morning
Quintilian~ When we cannot hope to win it is an advantage to yield.
Alfonso Cuaron may be the director for Catching Fire. Please let this happen.
you deserve a steak! nicely done! any and all caps players eat free this weekend
Never forget Oliver Robinson leading UAB to huge upset of Ralph Sampson and #1 UVA in '82 NCAA. Now a success in politics.
oh my, that's a lot! hahah. I know you totally rock them though :)
From our cat calendar: "Cats can sprint about 31 mph!" Impressive, but if I hear mom in the kitchen I can go from zero to 60 in 5 seconds!
If you are intelligent, professional minded, and you're willing to work hard, an employment opportunity exists for you in
team elephants! :D
Gotta love driving down I35 with the windows down, the smell from the Wonder Bread Factory rocks! :)
howdy howdy howdy! go get 'em
Lets make all of our dreams come true.
writing, writing, writing... feels god
lol but I'm not
i feel you girl....5 oclock class is
Tell us more.... What's going on or emails us .... RT : Literally happens at my job weekly.
You know how they say that there is an app for that. Well Wordpress people there is a plugin for that!
Today is going to be a busy day!
thanks for the recommendation! We have many great options for portal & cloud ! email for more info!
What happened to customer service?!?! I am so tired of dealing with people who act rude.
No. Just a resurfacing of the man who's been hiding from me for months because of it.
I got happy for a second when I saw that Adriana Lima (Victoria's Secret) was following me. Then I realized it was a fake account. Damn!
Congratulations to the UK men's tennis team for defeating Ole Miss today and advancing to the SEC Tournament finals. Bring home the trophy!
just a thought! People definitely have their favorites around town.
To hell on earth, heaven on earth, back again, into, under, far in between, through it, in it, and above...
Nice TY! RT : LOVE your #GigsforGood - Enjoy the sun today!
I was thinking something less Gallilean. something more abstract.
LOVING this twitter.
ashley loves him even more now cuz he also has a prescription for adderal
.CAatNW1 - yes it is absolutely reasonable...so long as the original offer level hadn't already taken account of the condition...?.
thanks for following!
My life coach recommended suicide
You are single handedly pushing me toward a 2nd edition RT : another 6 copies if #FoundingRivals have been ordered
Oh boy! Good luck girlfriend! You will do great!
Four hours apparently not enough time for a decision in Cubs-Brewers.
not sure I agree w that
yes, ! But players must wear ski suits to play roof pong in winter. Pair with buttered rum? cc/
in a bit of a funk this week, need to get my mojo back...
done. bought. boom.
is so beautiful so sweet, so incredible and Amazing she also has such a gorgeous smile ;)
Why am I in the States, again?
Bill Lawrence still confident. Don't see how they can pick up LMS and cancel CT. Big week next week..no Biggest Loser.
come ,yes
Fuck the rain
...? you guys still there?
un hater hizo un twitter con el nombre de 'FuckAustinsDad' .. enfin.. hay que denunciarlo antes de que Austin lo vea..
Aw thanks. (: I have like 0 friends there though. :(
: poor baby:( lol so now r u comin 4 spring breakk.. u better. I'll show u a good time.. O yea lol
man, the kia commercial with blake griffin is HILARIOUS. i roflcopter all over the joint whenever it's on. kudos, big fella.
i don't even make a wish at 11:11 anymore.. I just like to point it out and yeah
bummer dude but CA sounds pretty good.
Tonight is Free Fry First Friday.... free fries with every order and we'll also be giving away tons of swag!!!!!!! See you tonight!!
#ifiwereasuperhero I'd run to a different city/state every night
How can I get in touch with your buyers?
WHy does love have to be so complicated?? Cant love just be love??
...Like, "Rear Window" was a classic; viewed through the lens of contemporary new media, hums with Twitter relevance.
Been looking forward to you commentary all day!
Read: "I'm not a big sleeper. It just feels like wasting time." MM
“: Uurrgghhh!!!! I need my shoe came a loose again!” oh no! Did u have someone help you? Work them legs out! Lol
Thanks...its a great cocktail that i've made quite a few times at home :)
#Lions need to answer with a TD. Down by 10 now. Can they get a ref call?
Searching for upcoming #events in
haha yup! My only day to sleep in.
hahahah mira tweeting it up fool
haha got ya I'd hate to see what you'd do in a game of water polo. Drown some people??
Graduate na me!!
DUDE TAKE A SHOWER
Living up the society....
BITCH FIGHT. Hahahahah!
i have a family in my head.. ur the father and we have two kids, alexis and jonah. they are twins
Thanks man, me too
After all, I am a college graduate and I still have fun
judas video ain't too controversial unless you're an illuminati conspiracy-theorist, in which case you're like wtf she has 2 eyes of horus!
I would not take the job as CEO of Yahoo! even if they paid me trillions of dollars and gave me unicorns. The humiliation alone is scary.
&& when I'm gone is going to be too late for you to realize what you had ;)
well put RT : Slow is in the eyes of the runner. If you are happy with your pace, then it isn't slow!
posole....m omg
OMG in TN? I'm in NC and it's still over $3
definitely tried to purchase some high life. I feel like they were concerned with the quantity of my items. It happens a lot
Agreed that it's overly simplistic. That's his opinion. But I'm always happy to see people as "why?" & challenge the news.
This is why I don't trust anyone.
How is your foot today? I hope it's better.
I guarantee you that somebody made a lot of $$$ for taking out of the game in '05 NFC divisional playoff
Already. Thanks
": no bugs down there. Lol."<<< LOL that's what he said!!!
Thank you for the gift certificate - very kind of you! Excited to try again.
Big quake off coast of Japan...Tsunami warnings issued...tsunami has hit East side main island ..incredible video coming in now
May 8th seriously needs to get here faster!
thanks bro!
you know you love it
The Denver Family Institute's 3rd Annual AUCTION for ACTION! is tomorrow at the D Note !!! See you there!
ahaha i love math
At 's track meet! Goodluck<3333
Two fascinating back and forth scenes joined by one character. Great work
What a fucking friend you are
there are two videos
"whn you pay attention, attention will pay you" a quote by one of the student leaders in our group
that DAMN RED DEAD
Meet me at the delafield hotel. Andrew's bar and restaurant. Live music and % think there might be a badger game on :)
follow me
It's Service Industry night at Sonny's Tavern! You've worked hard serving customers all day, come get a cheap beer and drown your sorrows.
Just left a casting at gayle Keller, and I feel...GOOD!!
My FAVORITE episode of Dr.G is on. I needed this today.
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 35
Three days till Chicago
yeah i understand.
"Hutt one, Hutt two", Football is back! Sports Director, Damon Dillman joins us on CBS19 News with the latest highlights from the huddle.
The Right to remain SILENT is not what I have a problem with.The Ability to remain silent is what I have a problem doing.
If I tell you I love you, can I keep you forever?
so how do you guys like iOS5? looks like they've got a lotta nice new featuers... i still need to update!
Sometimes I don't @ you to keep your ass from humiliation. & sometimes I just don't need your unnecessary replies in my mentions.
Friday Humor: "Electricity is really just organized lightning." - George Carlin
Ramona and Karen = :/
The Flatiron has always been one of my favorites !
"hey where do I sign up I want to start getting some muscles"-Arnold.. WORKOUT TIME YAY!!
got a lot of work done today and am starting to feel less buried! woohoo
Round 2 of the ass-kicking in Mary Ann's class... it has begun
Disney Fantasy Cruise Ship Introduces Cutting-Edge Video Game Technology
Almost better. Not 100% but almost.
That hour nap last night isn't getting me through the day. Feeling like I have a hangover. Ick.
Exactly. Rubbish with a british accent, not your grandma's voice. :)
No problem :) besides I want you to win and be Online Boyfriend :)
Who's going to see The Avengers with me?
Obama 2012....no other choice!
I would follow but i'm on follow limit! We have to get more followers first, then we can start following again..
I now follow back (:
Ain't that the truth.
You will always be my BooBoo Bathroom Bear. #UsherRemix gets it. Haha.
Thanks!!! I've almost finished editing our next film. It's exciting! How's your career going? Your work is excellent! :0)
your so cute
So fetch!
Why u tripping Debo?
R.i.p. To the beloved career of 1 on the best cock handlers ever. Pinky... (insert virginity loss date here>_____ -2011
Hi, you know that your auto-response is showing an outdated message about 12% discount till NOV 2010?
I actually understand leaving Rodgers in here. Lead a TD drive without Jennings...inspires some confidence.
Time to drop some knowledge.
Can't sleep...too busy thinking about how girls play FREE this Tues for week 2 of AABPs #beerpong tournament @ Hennesseys. Interested?
Will be interesting to see if Williams got a "team owner must feed me grapes while I recline on a couch" clause from the Bills.
My 10 year old daughter woke up and just said "Look at how huge my bladder is! I gotta go pee!"
i needs to get some man im going through withdraws
Thank you to for co-writing with
You are just Amazing in your new clothes!LOVE NYU, LOVE YOU!
Hi James. Business is going great. How's business going for you?
“I’ve entered the x #StonedImmaculate contest
just don't say shitballs to your grandparents. I think that one is really tough to explain...
Jim Caviezel is ridiculous. Jim Caviezel with a beard is MORE RIDICULOUS! haha
Yet people owe 40 grand after a degree and have not really taken time to deepen their knowledge. Junior level course are a joke!
Good morning art world. All I can say is, today it will be almost 80 degrees in Chicago in March -- the beginning of March!
I'm not hitting anyone's phone first anymore...if u need me u kno my number
Yes won ! and i just made $30
Ground Shaking in Kansas...
Omo haven't been on this account in a while >.<
dear summer, please hurry up! sincerely, Jeremy
RT The majority of the tweets from #OAH2012 are by public historians. Academic historians, get it together.
I get more emails from Lands End ...... lol
Happy Saturday! :) Hope everyone is having fun! Going to get the bike fixed today.
I almost wrote "yay vote" instead of "yea vote"
Thx!! Wonder how I got on
WOW! Tumblr is dead, Twitter is dead, what's day today?
hey. Thanks for following.
oops I got confused. I'm now trying CoolReader, which I also like a lot. And the font change took effect. :)
Now why would you do that bro?
Working on the next Choc Pink event don't miss this one.!
-Regret is one of my favorite NO songs, but it's kind of like Brotherhood, I guess-Bizarre Love Triangle and then the rest was ok
thanks CFS! Looking forward to feeding you.
no one was more shocked than I when I discovered I wasn't following you. Now my life is complete.
u gonna be at my office tonight?
Something went wrong i am uploading it again.... it may take sometime...
Day 10...rations low....must play D...must crash boards...must block out...must finish strong....
you're not too bad yourself hot shot. So between you and is sla on warped this year?
Any intvestors looking to invest in quality artists?
Can't believe how insensitive some people are!
Races are underway here at Festival Beach on Lady Bird Lake! I will try to get results out quickly.
Contest ends on super bowl Sunday
Visiting Chicago? Need a Rockin' Tattoo? Check out.. :)
He's a smart man :)
“ ": I need that suzie in my life right now"truuuuuuu”truuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!! MY LIFE OMFG
• Actually.....you're probably a happier person for having missed the last couple.
#LetsGoWarriors awesome game!
Come join us for the kick off of Concordia Gardens on Saturday May 15th 10-3. Sign up for a 4x12 plot $10-$30.
Looking forward to see what you're cooking up!
That sounds like a good idea. I just hope no bombs are dropped on this city this weekend.
A Nevada CPA is the best resource for learning more about payroll taxes, including the UI and Modified Business taxes.
We will be!
m Tuesday? Not 100% on that
that could also be true
Good news on both fronts. Thanks!
Sometimes it's easier to pretend that you don't care, than to admit it's killing you.
Killing time on the web.
#LSUARK Jefferson makes a retarded decision and arky intercepts and stops a great drive. 1&10 arky on their own 12.
Tune in
Few people even scratch the surface, much less exhaust the contemplation of their own experience
aww man white horse died. Im reading born to run and found out about you. Yr bad ass
well come to Cali I will show u around
Getting a yellow bike this weekend.
Note to self 3 days after surgery listen to doc's rules on lifting and activity. Point made pain please go away.
2nite- #SPACE CAPONE brings his special brand of funk to the w/ #LYNDSEY SMITH and #HAKIM RASHEED. This is one not to miss.
and I believe that that would be the best date ever. ;)
Happy Bout Day!!!
Yep the fact that the Kings are in and they beat the canucks awhile ago............... :)
Still drinking...cute boy right across from me but he doesn't notice me :/
Happy Birthday (:
this is a way of thinking. kids can get thru discussion
yes we should! Why haven't we yet? Lol. And I just exploded with joy at the thought of a new $800 Air!
have some promising people looking to try out ;D
Book your Party on Nov 4th or 5th / Keep the original date and get $50 in free products. " Mad Dash" !
"If the only prayer you said in your whole life was, "thank you," that would suffice." --Meister Eckhart
Now cleared - appreciate the info. Will mention at 6:41am on #8newsnow RT : No sign of a wreck at ann &amp; clayton
House music is the answer! At One Night Only SF!
Alf doesn't approve of doing Roseanne Barr impersonations to soothe a crying baby.
haha. This is amazing Dave.
Have a date wit my baby my best friend my soon to be husband tonight <3 movies & dinner :*
haha I'll try to keep it hush hush so they wont stare at me lol
Thanks everyone for coming out to open mic night at Dan McGuinness! Rocky Kanaga killed it! See you next wednesday!
I came back on Sunday! It was INfreakingSANE. I want to see you soon! Planning on coming to NOLA anytime?
The awkward moment when you say #oomf and the one you wern't talking about responds to it
I hungry for some ritz crackers right about now
After reviewing the library link holdings, maybe my dreams aren't dead. Not sure what I can do with this.
Ah, right. I get *more* on the internet than in the member-only communication!
that's a good one. You're welcome.
just laugh at yourself and everything will be ok. People can't laugh at you if your laughing with them.
“The most successful people are those who are good at Plan B.” James Yorke
Quilting, reading, and baking with the girls on my to-do list today. And looking at places to live, schools, and such in ID.
Today looks to be a good day for fishing, ahoy mateys!
Boog smiles with the dawn, Boog smiles and he radiates the glow around his halo ..<U+2665>
When she gets up at 3:00 in the morning to make me koolaid >>>>
The best definition of volatility that ive ever heard: headache.
lets see :)
#shawfacts When Shaw gets a Penalty the refs go into the box
#realtalk keep up the great work Cavs look great so far this year keep the wins rolling yall look great <U+2665> yall
I highly recommend cache. They were great and lived playing barbie dress up!
Our team may or not have broken an overhead bin.
Level up - as stds are "following the yellow brick road", have them count the bricks - combine fantasy with Math to avoid a lethargic clsrm
Tile takes on a very different character when applied to walls, because you are looking straight-on at the design, texture and style.
RT : Take #ILTA11 notes & lessons learned, recap them on ur travel home! Scan ur notes, use #OneNote & set yourself...
hope the move goes smoothly!
#AudiologyNOW! in Boston tomorrow. I'm volunteering at SAA Central from 1-6pm. I hope to meet some of you there. Don't be shy - I mean it!
Dancing at Uncle Mick's tonight...Getting on an airplance on Friday. The Chicks are invading the city this weekend. Saddle up New York!
I think she's talkin' Around Town video shoot...overview of marketplace and shoppers
If you had a son, would you let him play football?
I already have a GF I just love a good laugh with strangers
well sorta. We're watching the stream from the hotel.
#Pacers > #Heat 2-1 Larry Bird full smiles tonight.
Tom and Becca are headed to Boone for Rep. King's town hall event! We hope to see you there!
OCLC's GLIMIR just may be what I've been dreaming of.
Haha love it "Locked & Liked" RT : already have that down , locked &"liked" haha
Where Everybody At?
Clickbank Case Study - What can you Sell on Clickbank.com
Sugar, we're going down swingin'.
I know you've had the purple in your hair. I can tell by your profile picture, but I LOVE that color!!! So pretty!
awh!thank you!:)haha we should talk more!:))
said some girls smell like horse ankles...lmao!!!!
I hate when ppl pretend like they know u
yea boy ama be out there 4 a Few days in a lil bit
Then Dejah Asked He Said Whenever ,
If Carlos Zambrano can change, and I can change, we can all change! Yo Zambrano... You Did It!!!
I can hear birdies chirping, the trees out the window look happy, together we're going to make this a brilliant Friday!
Watching the new show on Oxygen
well that's enough tweeting for tonight...
Ok fine. Little Dragon is here! Hi yukimi ;)
Yes. Send bacon from the future to save me!
YUMM Break fast !
you guys should do a story about how Tim screws up a big payday opportunity regarding your "kid" (fathered by that hockey player)
If you have a handsome smile #YoureGoodInMyBook lol
some days are definitely better than others...
Oh, and that special someome... I like him too. :)
Did you go to yet? you all need to go there too.
you light skinned niggas are out of style I thought you knew that already
Wait, No Goodwill commercials during
that happens to me all the time when I use Tor - I bet the 'location' is saved in a cookie and results are given via geo-ip
Only 13 days until Graph Expo '10 in Chicago. Stop by the Brausse Group booth and say Hello.
Sara's 18th Birthday dinner with , , & my #Twitterless friends Sara, Alex, & Daniel!
Wondering if Chef John from will compete in the Hospital Food Fight. Check out the great event at www.hospitalfoodfight.com.
it shoud be!
Feels like it!
Christmas less than a week away? Wow, time flies...
I don't know how I feel about my shoes being photographed tonight.
Why do couches come with extra cushions? I've had these 2 cushions on my floor for years and don't have the heart to throw them out.
Barbi was presenting a paper at a conference for English peeps.
Need to keep consumer front and center even in b2b -Christa Carone of Xerox. Yes! Decision makers are people too!
Junior Wells - Hoodoo Man Blues (w/ Buddy Guy) - 08:33 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
#YouKnowItsRealWhen they want to wait for the right time to have sex
come here PLEASE RAINA PLEASE
Where are you Kim?
#Buckeyes #syracuse announcers are clearly big #orange fans
i can't find anyone so its not a big deal if we dont do it
next wed is my only night. Would have to be after a board meeting.
You will LOVE it!! Enjoy your stay and have a blast at #SDCC!
no dates or themes decided upon yet - but probably in the fall. See you Tuesday!
