Ongoing debate b/w #crowdsourcing & curation of content. How do we select stories or do surrender and let them select us ?
Worst part of this-- pipsqueak 's smug face
#Austinloveskaylie that is too cute. They should stay together
HFS he just cut this dudes face off
oh ok boo that's cool and u show dedication 2 me
Want me to tweet Mahomie Confessions? :)
Feeling so blessed =) Woke up in an amazing mood. <3 So excited about the news i received yesterday!!
1 more follower and will have 500!!!!!!
Hope prof doesn't follow your twitter feed
was this on purpose to make people crazy? Job well done. That post is a grammatical apocalypse.
its ova chen bringing it back to north america these euro guys r great though #ept2012 i miss playin
Thanks for the ones who followed me :)
Honey Butter...……
yeah, not sure how well that karaoke things going to go. Now they are talking about space exploration.
The NBA and NFL might want to end their lockout... According to many twitter people, they're losing their fan base to soccer!
I think that's a lovely gift!
I know! I wish I had too. I'm telling everyone I know who's planning on buying it to get the B&N and download that one iTunes track.
MT :Heartbreaking watching Junior Seau's mother on :"I pray to God, take me, leave my son. But it's too late."
Castrated men live an average of 13 years longer than non-castrated men.
I saw him talking to Johnny
Google+ seems to have built a better album tool and integration with Picasa
And I felt so bad4the guyz who were dragged there by their wives, girlfriendz,dates, runners et cetera +_+ then again...u bitched out.
damage done in an aggressive cribbage game or tossing a football? RT Just tore a giant hole in my shirt. Fricken a.
Checked out Equinox in Marina Del Rey. Wonderful facility, worth the cost!
...the celebrations continue with a flying monkey, a stroll through 40,000+ pictures & videos of the kids to date, and a 2nd party on Sunday
Forwards or backwards. Any particular time?
To all Our new followers help spread the word about us! And chat with us!!
#myfavoriteartist........ this is a toughy, but i think i'll go with OBVI
Amish Djibouti
I hate when I'm listening to something smooth on my iPod and the next song be ratchet af on shuffle lol
lol. coffee is my best friend right now.
Summer solstice baby..wohoo! Omg-think I'll craft all night outdoors. Of course during the day lots of visitin' & Lunch with Grandma & Nala!
Get your Business needs handled at a fraction of the price of half of what you would pay with more of your input! Diamond Dezign Ideas!
I'm deeply honored! I got a bunch of sisters on that team!!
I need a survivor case because my phone always falls out of my pocket!
A's move... Last I head was SanJose-would be awesome. Rays NEED a new bpark-will draw if they get one
Hurted so many people and myself so so sorry and. i no that i Will be hated
i know right?! You too! Lol
I have to admit Rick Ross's new mixtape goes pretty hard
Mother's Day Brunch @ Row 14,10am-2pm. Make your reservations today!
Question#2.. Is it possible that an underwater volcano in the North Atlantic and the Oil rig in Hibernia can cause a prob
I keep thinking that I will change my cover photo of a cat in the SNOW, but then, I AM in northern NEW MEXICO and it does snow in May!
I might not have my MBA is business but I have my master's in knowing how to treat people. Welcome to the college of life.
“ tonight im cookin lemon pepper chicken, mash potatoes&gravy, corn, & rolls” «« can I get a plate
To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved.
what part of Cali..??
Brazil Ambayy but I'm goin' back to Brooklyn where I was livin wut boutchu honey ? lol where you from!?
ah ik it's really bad
PBR @ House of Blues on Sunset Blvd tonight, 11pm. No cover if you mention Geniuspills.
RT josephdepalma I'm not happy either, #clear has problems they're NOT adressing, nor helping customers
Great gift idea. -- I just saved 50% at Disney FamilyFun through LivingSocial!
so empty. It's ridiculous.
Sometimes I wish I could be one of those people who don't give a shit about their jobs after work.
morning, enjoy your week as well!
Been MIA for a min... Had sme business to handle but Im Bbaaacccckkkk!
RT : - Are you voting for Mitt Romney?
#snowatl my dogs & refuse 2 go out...they did biz @ edge of sidewalk by door & ran back n toute suite
This is radio magic!!
These tropicana trains on the El make me feel like I'm at Disney.
#boyfriend is playing on z100!
Abaxis to Report Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2012 Financial Results ... - MarketWatch (press release)
I prefer the term committed unmaried, it says it all, yes I am hetrosexual and it is a nice way to be committed.
My Bestfriend is too cute , thanks for the support babycakes <U+2764>
yeah, bro. that was as nasty as they come.
Prayers and good warm thoughts for you and him...xo
Hope people recognize you at games and treat you like SHIT!!!!!
It's no problem! Thank you for the follow back!
All this & i didn't even smoke today.
I just need to say, I'm thrilled about Melissa Harris Perry's show on MSNBC.
I love progress, but I really don't want everyone to know what I'm doing all of the time.
#BACKINELEMENTARY THERE WAS SPONGEBOB, DORA, GO DIEGO GO,POWERPUFFS GIRLS
PUSSY CHECK LIST: [<U+2714>]Tight [<U+2714>]Wet [<U+2714>]No Odor [<U+2714>]Shaved [<U+2714>]Disease Free»» Retweet only if you have all of the following boxes checked
I'm about to eat Chinese food again. Fuck it
Welcome back to the cellar.
Undertaker now 20-0 at mania.
Yes. If you count The Beach Boys.
Do you recycle? See what artist Nava Lubelski does with old love letters. Tonight, 7 pm, FREE artists talk @ SECCA.
OK I'm gonna,make a scene. time to come clean!
If the Kings win the Cup, I am drinking myself into oblivion.
I'll beat you like you stole something. Go back to work
We're like Na Na Na then we're like Yeah Yeah Yeah
I just can't believe that - my jaw hit the floor when I read it.
How awesome is THAT!
John stop it dude. You're better then this. I love you man and I can't stand seeing you like this!
YES.! LOOK UP NATHAN SYKES >:O
fan mail. I sent his last Sunday :)
Hey , how would a person go about acquiring a copy of 's new EP? 'cause I totally need one.
Don't forget to mention the railway, Pipi and Popo certainly haven't
I need part of time that available
Does Eli have two speeds, Amazing or crappy?
A late night movie night..
txt me. Couldn't figure why I didnt have your digits! Long overdue
Meeting Wednesday with for the video treatment
it better not be about me!
Thank you to all those who made Christmas Dreams so amazing this year!
Hopefully the benches will be back where they belong soon. I sit there frequently to enjoy the view!
If I didn't have my iPod my twitter would be so dead..(: I love my iPod ;3 <3
Yay! It's finally Friday. Have a wonderful weekend everyone : )
Suicide is not the love of death, but its the fear of living <|3
Jeans shorts and areo you non swaggin !
anything for me????
don't hate ! Haha
all good! I just need to scan the cover before 2:30
What would you think if we could include Nike in our 2012 Camp schedule?
The thing about twitter is I always start the day with news someone interesting has died.
#99to1 book talk with author chuck Collins
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend :))
"It's more important that the Pakistani speak than me, BUT..." OH GOD SHUT UP WHITE MAN
listenin to a lot of trap rap today, so I keep repeating myself.
Been up since 3:30am with nasty sore throat. Bad time for vacation. Possibly worse time for
Feeling sleepy. Must wake up. Have an appointment w P90X2 Plyocide
through Falcoholic or what?
Hi John. I loved the old one better myself. Upper deck was closer to field & stadium noise was MUCH louder !
No worries. Everyone loves steak and I put the grill marks in perfect crosses. :)
I really don't like you.
Yeah! on The Voice and Ed Sheeran on Conan. :D
Kristen Stewart Lands &quot;Edgy and Sexy&quot; Role in Upcoming Action Flick
let's party on aaron.tv
Submission-"thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven"
Thanks Christine, it's going to be a lot of fun, lots of talented folks involved.
It's Friday! That means 5% off with your Buy Lakewood Card! If you need one still, I have one for you. :)
When r u guys going to play somewhere that 18- can go!?
Healthy hair is important for all women! Our stylist can help you achieve the healthy hair you desire call us 901-794-0553
oh well I haven't tried it where I'm from tea isn't really common aha:)
come on #Sixers you have to win tonight! if not it'll be a very sad night for Philly fans!
I have no idea. Buy the game? It's really fun to play.
Tired but happy!!! the hurricane is shifting away from us, thats good :)
Best initials in the dictionary lol #RG RT : Don't let UA get this dude - Robert Griffin I will enter draft
If 1D are gonna be in Seattle, and I get to go and you are a Directioner there well then I MUST MEET YOU!
u no what it is!! always poppin!
OH in #library: Librarian: "The book or film?" Patron: "The film. I don't want to read."
Was fiddling with a sprinkler head to see why it wasn't working--anyone want to guess what happened?
Some people make your life better by walking into it while other people make your life better by simply walking out of it.
any of my friends that used to play WoW interested in coming back now before the next xpac is released? If so let me know.
I let all my feelings out on here...well not all
Join us at Sky Lounge for Friday Passion Latin Night!!!. Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Rock & top. Great drink specials!.
February is here already. Just finished putting up my gig dates for this month. Will put up the rest later today after I get some sleep.
Watching From Dusk to Dawn, but the real blood-bath is happening at Fenway tonight.
I just got a custom earth friendly surfboard with sugar based foam and a hemp deck!
I don't get offended by the lack of stories on vegetarian food! But an article saying it's non existent is insulting and irresponsible.
#FACT music is medicine ! cant nobody say after they listen to music that they dont be relaxed !
RT Happy birthday to us! We've been tweeting from for one year now.
Well, im getting home with a minor head ache. ugh.
Denver beating the dog shiiiiiiit out the lakers>>>>go nuggets
Awesome!! Now you guys can make "Blue Crush: No actors, Just Awesome Pros!"
A1. Our clients are looking better ways to continue to engage with customers & build brand awareness.
just in time for the weekend. I know that feeling! Hang in ther man.
I love the way the Griffith Observatory looks at night!
It's time for #Gladiators! Good luck Guys!
Have to give it to the #Raiders' fans for having great costumes.
Thank you for the help. I reduced the size of my profile pic...hope it's visible now.
I love your hair, i love your style, i love the way you make me smile, what can i say? you're one of a kind, and 24/7, you're on my mind :)
SO excited for the the dates December 26 - Jan 5th! The first time and I fly together it'll be a 10hr flight! Love it.
All sorts of software around that automatically unfollows people who don't follow back within the time period you set.
don't hate the player, hate the game.
RT : Are you doing anything special for #MothersDay this weekend? I hope you are all good to your moms! ;)
. moving to national education beat for Congrats, and good to see a finance/industry background. via
RT : Agreed! RT A sense of purpose can transform the mundane into the miraculous
Yes! You are so right.
On my way to NC... Can't wait to see my grandparents!
Why do I need a free beer to coax myself into learning about home energy efficiency? Maybe because it does not apply to someone in a duplex.
Day with prior to work tonight. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+270C>
Let my love take you higher . Cause I still TURN TO YOU </3
just sent you an email about tomorrow night's dinner plans. dude, forgive my craziness :)
No way
They built that city on rock and soil
Today proves once again y i would like to move ON with my life. Restrictions have again tainted what could have been a perfectly good night
Anybody play CthulhuTech? How do we like it?
We offer: Calls, Lines, Broadband, Hosted systems, Leased lines, Mobiles, Maintenance, Customer Billing..and more!
nope I didn't even finish the science part. I had to guess like three questions.
ctfu nothing, man, i been spittin' game all day : )
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. Quess what they have planned for you?... Not much.
The moment when all you wanna do is cry
just ran into a wonderful old friend from high school downtown. I love being back in #Orlando!
523 lofts excellent hotel choice by the hubbie #ala11 harrah's anyone?
"the sky is blue & the grass is green. good mood shit. everything's cool"
Whole thing made me feel bad for her - gang mentality. Of course, producers desired result since I'm sure she "wins"
Problem w #flipped classroom: promotes belief that acquisition of information through content delivery = learning.
It's a headphones and music kind of day at the office. Haven't had one of those in a while
heart is as coals, deep-burning, unquenchable.
Keep It 100!! Always
They have (or had?) these chocolate logs -- super dense mashups I ordered with a group and no one touched.
PLEASE RT WATCH KONY 2012 video about a mindless monster JOSEPH KONY!!! YOU WILL WANT TO HELP PUT HIM AWAY FOR LIFE.
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 41
I swear if i see someone giving Ali hate im gonna go off on them! A kiss on the cheek & the every1 makes a big deal...who gives a shit!
I hope everything goes well with your dad! I'll try to figure out how else to see the film and get back to you. :)
bout as bad as eating a cookie I think
It's still national best friend's day so I want to say again how much I love mine! x 3 now :)
when does ever come to school now a days?!?!
I looked it up, you're right! Whiz is the right term and wiz isn't even a word according to Websters. Thanks for pointing that out
Ughh my whole body is so sore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
www.lovemachineinc.com, check it out! Second Life's Founders newest baby!
Visit us at www.cisaustin.org and check out how to get involved.
Yeah, the blogger wouldn't even post to it, to avoid giving it more page views. Pretty terrible.
; Well how are you? It's been forever and a day.
Lunch anyone? “: Pizza Day in the Co-op Cafe! Vegan and cheesy versions, plus salad and soups. #pghveg”
Hey Charlie, where are you? We miss you!
^_^ because if we didn't put ur name then I guess it will affect on our grades too not just u
I have a moral objection to Senator Mitch McConnell telling me what I should think.
i'd love to hear some - "So Many Girls"
I Love Whatching Things About The Titanic. Im Already Scared To Go On My Cruise To Jamaica This Summer.
Hi PayPal! You guys are headquartered in Timonium, right? I'd anyone from your company a Rotarian? Wanna come to lunch?
Morning! Super nice to have her home! :-)
Its been a while! Go Giants...I guess
I'm following the #40dollars stream, rather entertaining...
Putting up some pictures from #IfAllOfRochester 2012 on our facebook page.
Yes st Louis blues hurt your own goalies mwhahahah
Birthday brunch music: Vampire Weekend, specifically "Mansard Roof"
no you weren't, don't act dumb, I'm not stupid, so stop making me look like the asshole, and Daryl didn't even have a girl.
procrastinating until gets back.
ayo how was Toronto?
Ain't that the truth---> ": You gotta love livin', baby, 'cause dyin' is a pain in the ass. - Frank Sinatra"
I want a fruit walnut salad
Apr 27,1942: Churchill informed of difficulties in building Tank Landing Ships, essential for any invasion plans.
Some to finish my night off <3
RT : About to see cutting edge brain research at UW. Creates devices where we can "tweet thoughts" DIRECTLY from the brain. Whoa
Yep this game is gonna be wild.
#friendship “A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are.”
back in Houston right now but hope to be moving soon...maybe Prairie View to start Master's Program...just hit me up
you are really double dipping this week my friend #STK and #Pistons - shall we this week as well?! 3 days..
Never. Not sure what you found or where you found it, but it's not mine. . .
I can't get over the bacon thing lol but ya it gets kind of lonely but it makes u stronger in a way sorta
Cafiza needs to make a hand wash.
Your first love is not always your truest love.
Thanks Ayaz, hope you and your family have a very Happy Holi as well!
I spend EVERY night in Eco Friendly PA.. spreading the word about green and clean every day!
R U hip to the book by the title "Roots of Soul" ? - currently out of print though.
Gwen it was so fun to meet you yesterday at DBC! Hope to see you in NYC soon!
bored bored bored bored...
and if your feelin' like i dnt show you the attension you deserve then from this day fourth i promise ta work on that.
EyeSeeVideo is going to change the way CCTV is done
it's a date. i'm pretty sure i'm going to kings island saturday, but that's okay. i'm goinng to text you now. hahah.
Sounds cool. , and I were talking about this. We'll try to have at least one person there.
yes sir! Glad the pulled it out. Unfortunately we lost World Peace for the foreseeable future.
Locking down schedule as I have a deployment next week. Will DM you openings but always love morning coffee. :-)
WI: Milwaukee election polls closed, good luck to everyone who ran a serious and issue orientated campaigns.
Trying and trying to find this one song I heard and cannot. Frustrating. Hopefully I'll hear it again and can catch the title.
RT : I don't stress what I can't control.
getting wild
exactly. Have you read THE GOOD AMERICAN yet? It is the fiction bk I read this year for which I had the same feeling at the end
with Luke and trent. <3
I'm good...and I hope I wasn't intruding. What's new with you?
did JLO and Cameron just show their.....behind ?
You've allowed yourself to be distracted with the work of the church and have failed at being the church.
Just messing with ya! I should've included a =P with that response. I get where you're coming from. We have been very fortunate!
Salsa Under the Stars NEXT FRIDAY!!! Don't miss it!
yayyy it works! Thank you so much!!!
Interested in custom courseware development? How can that help your company? Come see neat examples at booth
ahaha xD i know you know (we got something) omg sorry that just reminded me of one of their songs !! :D lol
Me too" : Another reason I like you: you use the word "albeit."”
i can't decide btw Limbaugh and Beck
Always give 100% at work this will develop into a habit when you eventually become an
- love the website!!
When iOS5 comes out, iPhone to iPhone will do direct messaging over data and bypass text (SMS). "iMessage" Sweet!
Getting on that internship grind makes my feet hurt!
show me around lmao
i believe so. What a lucky town
Presenter: Whatever someone gives you, they have the capacity to give you 10 times that.
I just can't stay still long enough to watch something. Unless I'm sleeping. And then I'm not watching. ;)
So uncomfortable right now.
Very nice!
surprised you don't have a smart phone.
I bought my tickets for Portland today!!
Spent a few hours in front of the computer tinkering with blackboard. Time to take a break and fix my other schools Angel site. Technology!
Excited for the next couple weeks! We'll have a bunch of quality video content coming your way.
First day at the helm of CW 6... Um dear I hope ur enjoying urself (frown)
This is not good Everything is Sold Out Already!!!
That was pretty.
who wants them house of blues tickets?
I feel the same way !!
#supermoon is neat. 14% larger and 30% brighter than the #moon on a normal night...if you're still up check it out!
#schoolmemories getting played by every girl I talked to.
do you think Wilson can be a NFL starting QB?
Learning Intensity In Ten Cities on the piano. It hurts. #IamNOTapianoplayer Sad :/
Did you end up going to disneyland earlier today?
will it be the a.j. green show this year? and will our defense be any good? also will we trade carson next year?
i miss that class with yall bruh :o
Dont you hate when people judge you as something your not?
thank u for getting me chicken babe
Someone a lot smarter & funnier than me should start a fake William Tecumseh Sherman twitter account, if they haven't already.
And for some reason we still follow them! RT : Most of our tweets are NSFW: Not Safe for Women
Wishing the best birthday ever! Enjoy every minute!
What should I eat =)
will get you some info asap :)
ew lifesaver gummies? of all the choices you picked those? gross.
What's everyone reading? I need recs.
Temple's Center for the Humanities wishes everyone a happy and productive 2011!
ate alligator and drank pecan beer at the Chimes next door to the Varsity theater. It's ON tonite in Baton Rouge. Gonna be da bes sho EVA!!!
hey mom how r u? How was ur day? I have a court date it's nov 1st
I write in books for school but only in pencil!
Waffle House is almost as common as McDonald's in the south
My current job uses exact target!
I can't believe people's actions are actually making me feel physically sick.
Nice to meet you! RT My derby name is Betty Rage.
hello Lisa Davis
Blended learning: untethering us from campus, from old notions, more flexible, higher satisfaction/engagement, learner centered
Klout says I'm influential about cookies & drugs. 1st of all, Klout is a joke. 2nd, I think it's bc I called Girl Scouts drug dealers
Kk gurl sounds like a plan <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Running x Writing... Mentally Stimulating <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
but I don't know if she is in LA or not. :(
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger
My love for One Direction grows more and more everyday.
I dunno what that is...but I'm in! #roadtrip ;)
The machine sounds like a living organism.
": Why not suspend Hamels 20 games? Why not 25? Seriously." Did you see how much money he's going to lose for 5 games?
Food! And then off to sound check! Its gonna be a hell of a show tonight! Bring it!
showed Celeste that song!!:)
#OTGTIPS YOU HAVE TO SPEND MONEY TO MAKE MONEY! INVEST WISELY!
C'mon Pens. Beat Buffalo. The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
what school?
Happy Thanksgiving! Thankful 4 my family, godbebes, & dear loved ones. Most of all thankful 2 God 4 who He is, what He's done & 4 my future!
well, I hope you have a picture!...
Got a win tonight!
i think everyone needs to go vote for Philip Phillips. like right now... go; please? :)
Got any lunch plans on Wednesday? How about lunch on us? Email us your reservation to the Congressional Briefing: !
who is my date???
Its ok not to be ok Sometimes its hard to follow your heart, Tears dont mean you're losing, everybodys bruising Just be true to who you are*
I Want A Banana. Lemme See If We Got Sum At Work.
Big day for my Bears
Getting everything i needed to get out was a good idea.
So did you use your Groupon yet? Any time, y' all.
Ever since listening Iive, I have become a house music addict. I blame you too bro for that night in Chi-Town!
It's Free Plug Friday, call up and tell us about your business on-air, for FREE! 412-824-9266
you know it is madness! Sorry you are missing Popcorn this afternoon!
Before you speak listen- Before you write think- Before you quit try- Before you crap, check for toilet paper!
Just found out that BMW does not stand for Beautiful Motor Wehicle.
There's no description for experience of feeling your life changing and unfolding
#Pittsburgh, I was on vacation for a week! What'd I miss?! Did any of you come see us at the event this past Saturday?
on the road i thin @
That'll teach those who left early... First career pinch-hit home run for Kottaras. #Brewers down 11-5 now... Doesn't sound as bad.
hey! Play nice
The good, the true, the tender -- these form the wealth of home. -- Sarah J. Hale
At #OWS Spring Training, just rang the People's Gong on Wall St:)
My dorm looks so depressing, everything is packed ):
haha I can't believe it either! I can't even get close to it now...
whoops... #earthquake number 2. extra jolts for Gareth Ashley's already dynamic presentation. our projectors are still where they should be.
My followers >>>>>
My favorite thing about my flight to Atlanta was the old Indian lady next to me rubbing Vicks vapor rub all over herself
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen Your male patient is wearing bright green nail polish..........um
I think I'm only 3 hours ahead. It's 4:15 here right now ...
Oh, I love you, Chris Weitz. Can't even.
Now Jason Terry should go tell Matt Barnes, APRIL FOOLS!!!
The poor Athletics just lost 22-4 to the Yankees. Damn..
Don't let the name fool you; there's not much spinning in that workout. :-(
that wasn't a joke ...
pleasee tell me. why wouldnt i ?
We're about to create a mash up dessert style. What 2 flavors do you want to see together as one??
do you really haz to ask? Big & always around...
looking for a new full-time 'home' =) Please take a look at my profile and message me if you think you might have a good fit!
I give a lot of shit, and she may not be my style, but she actually PERFORMED!
lol god my mom would just be like harassing them if I told her it was them. She'd be like signthissignthis!
“: God must love stupid people. He made SO many.” #preach this made me #lol super loud lmao!
nice choice! :)
My heart palpatates every time I hear this amazing version of Piano Man... I'mma be front row at the #idoltour!! :)
Oh hi, Love seein' your smiling face on the twitter. Be careful, it is addicting.
don't want to hear excuses about it being weather related either. i got to work on time 2day, bet u did 2
Mobil Twitter updates? Can I get a what what?!
Heard u me, well i"m BACK !! link up 4 father"s day dumb stupid work on DECK! 10deep, rogue status,kid robot,& play cloths..we keep az sexy
Forgive many things in others; nothing in yourself
Let's go!
The plastic surgery that Skyler White (Anna Gunn) got btwn seasons 2 & 3 is a disaster.
Got to see perform at the Comedy Store last night
i haven't listened to watch the throne / lil waynes new 1…but the article 2 me was pretty poignant from what i know/understand
#YouKnowWhat I'm getting tired of "#Oomf " I think it's time to @ the person :
she has a rap song because like so many new artist in today's hip hop she doesn't respect the history of it and she does it
West side! NYC is so messed up today! I'm going to be so late!
no tax for friends just face value. Too bad you're not a friend.
I'm so clumsy..I am not walking around this campus with crutches! I rather army crawl around this bitch
I just wanna go home, shower, make some soup, and watch a cute movie.
If u don't play with the imaginary juxtapositions of thought imposed via chance in ur twitter streams ur missing a world of comedy...
I feel so terrible for the familes and friends of the innocent people killed in the paharmacy robbery in Long Island. Completely sickening.
- I already have 'em.
Not sure what cotton ads featuring Kate Bosworth are doing in episodes of Beavis and Butt-head
It bugs me when fake knitting on tv is wrong. Either don't fake it or learn a basic stitch.
and don't even think of correcting me with ash Wednesday nonsense word play
Glad you like it!
F-ck it, round two now Work it out, then we cool down Cool down <U+E326>
2012 SHRM NM Conference brought together the best & the brightest in the field of Human Resources! #Linton&Associates-a very proud sponsor!
RT : Tip of the day: Spend less than you make & save the rest. It's also the tip of the week, month, year, & your lifetime.
I just broke my phone screen
We have an amazing goat chop and crépinette on the menu tonight!
#everfeellike you wish you were off tha grid
information overload was a complete success - some times the facts speak for themselves...
Hey, Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets, comments & insights. Cheers!
Ah fun! :D How is Iowa?!
Least her husband can sew xD
Keep a look out for LadyVixens.com
somedays it just doesn't pay to get out of bed!!!!
oh, that's right, PLL is coming back. i almost forgot.
The world's condition is totally nuts these days. Isn't it? Seems like things always change.
Celebrate national pizza party day this Tuesday w free slices 11a-7p.
Gota basketball game tomorrow
Interesting to see that there are only about 45 tweets using the hashtag #glee; apparently hashtags on TV aren't very popular?
I wanna see something else in you before I invest in you ~
he is good. They moved into a new spot. His grades r good too
We have some fun ideas about bringing you music!
thanks again for the mention.
What up Durantula!
Lol! RT : Sitting here waiting on the last train to Paris...HAHAHA
Watch out! RT OMG. Mountain Dew Slurpee! Who's gonna be a spaz tonight? This girl. :D
As an athlete, you study the plays & practice them with the team to prepare for the big game. PR is no different.
We Relabel t-shirt tank top muscle t hooded shirts contact
Mom: "how can you not remember where you left your glasses?"Me: " Mom, shit got real that night"
...Happy New Years Taylor!!! May you find more of your dreams come true in 2012. God as well as I am on your side this NwYr!
I love that card! Happy mama day. :)
Retweet this if you are going to the #ColumbusBeerFest today!
check him out. love that boy
I'm talking sister in law, she moving away but not far.
*wickedly smirking* More than you know and things you haven't thought of.
about what
It was a fun discussion -- there should be an archived webcast up shortly.
Won a basket of booze today
Four hot dogs,
Kendall Sexy Schmidt is trending lolol
Yes, very fast! I can't believe I'll be holding my baby soon!
c u at the next level!
Your welcome - if techie/librarians like us run into glitches like that, where's the hope for everyone else?
text me 9167680049
ball do hard NFL want fine me
who you talkin to?? xo
taking me right? Lol
Maybe it is looking for a meal of Fitz!!!
Would love to see that, though I can only afford to buy you a beer for the judo-roll
Jackson up now: need to train students for a different kind of work that is collaboration centric. New lrner outcomes 4 students.
Reason 30 to love the BBA: You tell us! __________
Both wouldn't be surprising. Guy worked all the time, survived assassination attempt in St. Petersburg, knew some ladies, etc..
#GetAustinToTheTop10 im trying to type with my eyes closed... its not wrking
This baby never stops running around.
yeah, tell me about it. :)
PAUSE, That was so dope....my dude said you couldn't see me if you had 3 eyes illinois. Dang Ni, that was FYE !
We hope you come visit us this summer! Did you know we've relocated over to the Power Plant, right near the aquarium?
Good Morning Mr.Craig :)
you might need to get tested
I'm neither Thanksgiving OR a pilgrim.
when ur parents get all flirty with each other... while you're eating in a restaurant, and you try to hide your face so nobody notices u
My lucky day...upgrade to #firstclass! Nothing beats Seat 1A!
trying my best whore. (:
Graciela Guerra stabbed her daughter-in-law, Brenda Guerra, 41 times. The state Supreme Court has affirmed her conviction and life-sentence.
"Charlie Stile doesn't like the boulevard..."// Well played, Katz.
Twenty bucks says you'll remember me.
I agree!
for a start? lol u made one statement buddy. educate yourself before u try arguing with me that pot is worse than roids
Houston Vs Phonix is on.
I have to leave for church---would it be wrong to keep my phone next to me for #whitesox updates?
On my way to Los Angeles!
Please don't take my #Kodak away. :(
Where is the EDC Hollywood Riot Kissing Couple pic??
To be honest, we'll constantly push this question since we're a weekly podcast.
“If you don’t drink, then all of your stories suck and end with, “And then I got home”
IF YOU HAD TO CHOOSE BETWEEN SINGING OR DANCING WHICH ONE
. Woohoo! Go Thomas & Alexandria. We're excited about it!
I know the GAME SO WHY TRY TO RUN GAME ON ME....
Brothers Bday!!! :) Happy.Birthday to bestest brother ever!
Well there's no accounting for the tastes of Red Sox fans I guess.
how so? And nice profile pic, BTW.
thank you for your kind donation to our upcoming fundraiser, "Fit Fiesta," on May 4th!
Why are you going to Denver? I assume you're driving there.
Back to Paris movie theatre. Love romantic movie. Then train, my dear Kindle and walk by canal going home. Great night.
RT : Excited to see you all tonight for #MamasDay2012! VIP Reception presented by 5:30pm!
Life doesn't imitate art, it copies bad television.
RT : Refreshing to listen 2 present some great Thick Value concepts & best of New Capitalist Manifesto.
fine, thank you, now i've got i should've kissed you stuck in my head again.
:) as a fellow NT, I know just what you mean.
Thats absurd. We will make sue you are refunded. They must have been extremely busy with the bad weather. Sorry man.
Listening to Kenny Wayne Shepherd always takes me back...I remember jamming out to these songs when I was 15. Love me some KWS, baby.
I want 20 puppies!
Agreed. I like the idea of extending the DHSI model to the East Coast, but hope the community can also seek more ways... [+]
Watching this Food Hoarders show on the Cooking Channel, and seeing far too much of myself in this. Yikes.
Watching Grease !<3
Mark Zuckerberg talks on a cell phone and wears a hoodie every day of his life; ain't nobody shooting him.
You have my attention. Guide me.
wow I want this day to be over. yes I know that it's only 9am.
Isaac Bruce. He was my favorite player not only on the Rams but in the league as well and a top-tier wide receiver.
Summer Hours. Library GRIND open May 29th 8am-5pm.
we love Droid users too. working on it will let you know.“: Droid user, but intrigued (regardless of random drawing).”
Let's finish this Bears
I'd like our country to say together, Yes we can.
There is a sanctity involved with bringing a child into this world, it is better than bombing one out of it.
"I've been called a xenophobe. I feel America is the best & all others aren't as good. That used to be called patriotism." KP
It's so cold. Ugh.
Run with it!
Hi ! All fashion types check them out!
you really got a way with words
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!
I knew it was coming and am still stunned and so sad.
i bought your album boyfriend! & i had it turned it all the way in the car! Love you :)
Happy Friday everyone! Here's to hoping for a weekend with no rain. Seriously, no more rain...
Was shoveling snow, fretting about money, when my neighbor Joyce shared how blessed she feels because her family has food & a roof. Got it!
God cut you from a different cloth.
thanks for the rt!
Why Can't BlackBerry Muddle Through? They're Not The 99% - TechCrunch
I miss my alcoholic bébé to the max
So good to hang with last night!
lakers would have to take an expiring contract for orlando but not much money. chris paul trade would've done wonders...
Hair is black again. Love it.
New -- global likes ...but who likes what? Segments and demo data would be cool
Follow my other accounts ,
WQED has officially arrived at Heinz Hall for tonight's PSO broadcast at 8pm!
Impromptu Toadies concert at Stubbs in Austin with the lovely (and bizarre) Julie Thelander. Good times!
Planning a new site for the photography side of things. it deserves a site of it's own. Until then, great summer deals on photos! email me!
Smith: GO supported by biologists, some paid to maintain. Compare dead Healthvault; Microsoft lacked skills, incentive to keep up.
RT and share the music! www.reverbnation.com/evandstel
I need to go to Chicago I ain't been der in a min I miss my fam der.
haha awesome. I heard Pete used to be a professor.
Gahhh do you know what it feels like to be happy sad and horny all in the same second!?
the feeling when that special someone you love so much, and you just want them so badly. you need them, and you can't have them..
officially jumped on the #NYR bandwagon
Helping Golden Valley celebrate 125 years as a city today. That's old!
Food Food Food Food <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009F>
that's what I wanted to hear you say!
Thanks for the RT and the FB "like" earlier today. You've got my back today!
Urge to watch these little kids play baseball by my house... all time high
ima bitter nigga today..might not wanna hit my phone..liable to get cussed out
How much longer you going to be there? I can come on over. Just got home. John is sleepy. Me I am a night owl.
You can't miss this!
August 6, 1945, an act of cowardice and mass murder--America drops an atomic bomb on Hiroshima. Weakness, not strength, drops the 'big one'
it looks amazing there,of course I'd love to come up with something for your office! Might have to come take a look over lunch ;)
Putting to the test by asking to get a company logo, a blog and a like button designed for $5 each. Will I get what I paid for?
Hi Stephenie, I am the media editor for PRSSASDSU and I was wondering if I could film you speaking tomorrow?
This is eerie. Not a car on Wilshire as I look out my office window. Street closed, hushed. Any1 know what's going on in Westwood right now?
hey twitter people
Congrats to #Lacey on their strong showing in the National Mayor's Challenge for Water Conservation!
Thank you so much! I grabbed a sandwich at Coffeeland the other day and thought about you. Hope you're well!
Thank God for today
get used to that, you'll be wishing you were back there from this point forward
Saw Rio with the kids, and just as the 2 main characters kiss, my son exclaimed: "Ewwwwwww!!!".
The Sword and the Sorcerer: Sure it's bad film but there's this charm it has that makes me want to add it to my collection.
saving that for a weekend treat!
ok, I'm thirsty...
RT : At this moment, 1600 tweets per minute about #Oscars!
It's bizarre what some people buy at garage sales. 8 different remotes that don't go to anything? throw em in the bag.
Working on with my buddy Hey he's gotta keep the name Meatball! It's too cool to stop using!!
Seeing old homies at
Happy new year. I hope 2012 will be a year in which you grow as an engineer and encourage students to study
If you havent heard the music yet...Tune in here! Take a second and listen!
it was nice to meet you too. I ended up staying an extra night so I could sit on the beach a bit.
He covers the sky with clouds,he supplies the earth with rain, and maketh the grass grow on the hills. Psalms 147:8
The current problem facing #JustinBeiber poses a good lesson in crisis communications. What do you tell your client?
On the bright side, I'm still better than you.
Who will walk away with bragging rights and the Best of Show? Follow for the answer tonight at the big show
Thanks for the mention, would love to talk #collcons sometime
Feel like in finally getting my life back on track
you know i'm a sap for fairy tales - STOP CRUSHING MY DREAMS MATT
Starting phase 3 of P90X today. A long way to go, but in better shape.
Singin "Who's laughing now"?!
Ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you mad. ~ Aldous Huxley
eating ice cream :))
Real Niggas Do Real Things!!!
Ok back to normal!
awesome! Thanks! I have a Facebook too... Just search for Carrier Pigeon!
From the moment I wake up in the morning, I look forward to going to bed that night and when I finally get in bed I can't sleep.
Big Room passes galore this afternoon! About to give away a pair! Tune in now!
So, could you share your ideas?
Like those earmuffs! RT Holiday Gift Guide: Cool Presents for Kiddos & the Quirky
listen to marry you by .love this song
thanks for the RT!!
big ups to all my haters .
No good. Hope no one was hurt!
Thanks for linking us up with ! We'll keep you posted on the next big sale... :)
Enjoying the Nat'l Action Awareness posts about boycotting Koch products. Already sadly have tham seered into my brain.
I love it too cute
laxrat? That's cool fag
Beer-Con ETA: 10 days! Can you dig it?
ACRL 2013 proposal submitted. I just might get all my due things in the next week done today!
Now the no abortion people are setting up on 17th avenue.... There's no escaping these freaks
Give us a hint...and which episode is it?
Who is this DUMB BITCH on #ALSHARPTON show?????These #republicans are so damn disrespectful and heartless...uuuuughhhh
There's no weakness in forgiveness
Yes me too - Jazzy Jasmin!
I got out! Then got stuck at Courthouse and Providence. Had to did myself out...
Marking exam scripts today. It's like #passivevoiceday, just a day later!
i guess it's like that everywere cuz here in Germany it is the same!!!
I guess not. Call,me when u wake up !!!!!
Yess! & A Unicorn Masterr! & Lets Not Forget The Cats!!!
Reminder: First general meeting is TOMORROW at 1 PM in Donahue 637.
It saddens me what passes for journalism these days.
At work, too much to do, ready, set, go!!!
Invited some friends over to "watch the fight" which is code for me trying to not die from laughter when Eli kills it on SNL.
Go STL Cardinals!
just watched a cop text while they were driving
Sleep is overrated, rock n roll forever
if you would have played in college where would you have went? Ohio State?
next year will be better! Great game
How does French Toast Pasta sound? It's actually pretty good. Stay tuned for some more brunch menu changes.
just turn in your gatsby paper again... Maybe she won't notice!
#whosgonnalose - Chicago at Baltimore - Chicago will lose
love the
Haha marcus n a book club Boy has the times change
Me either!!! RT I just don't understand the heels-that-are-too-big Movement. I just don't.
Anybody want some fruit salad? Jenna: "I'm not a big fan of fruit in my salad..."
Most def it's Petrino. People will eventually forget what an imbecile Williams is. Even Tiger is grimacing at Petrino's deal
lmfao did you finish it?
CATS? I need to watch it x'D (slightly kidding) :3 I just love cats~ hahah
Has Bobby Flay ever won one of his showdowns? If it was the real world he'd be so fired.
I'm new to twitter..haha how do I find my friends on here..?
you should see the number she gave me totally looks fake so will see!
haha I just leave mine at work these days
Off to pour wine for 27 at the Boston Athenaeum. :)
Weirdest TV fight I've ever seen? RT "This is medieval." -Bert Cooper
I'll play just for you heather. <U+26BD> 2013 woohoo
tell him to take me.
I'm here, comfy and ready to chat.
RT if you're planning a great Monday!!
with the cauldron
Cool, thanks! Unfortunately no NY agent...if she gets into NYU I guess she can look into it. Thanks again!
The clear signal about importance of academic prep is already there-- in admissions standards
Out with the old - in with the new. Change is always good and there is an exciting element to it.
I miss watching sandlot
Haha! I hope they're that cute!
LADIES GET FREE CIROC & WE GOT FREE WRAPS #RITZ2 FRIDAY **PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE** #tonefide 1
Thanks to all for a great meeting last night! Lots of great conversation and ideas about media. (cc: )
Great to see telling #EwingKauffman's story at
We are located at 11199 Sorrento Valley Road, Suite 208, San Diego, CA 92121.
The easiest way to add general lighting to your home is with recessed or track fixtures. They are versatile for use in any home.
Haha would you mind telling my FB friends that? The seem to think otherwise lol
Are you asking about a book trailer? (I'm not sure I understood your question!)
Hate betting!
Got my late mom's red sauce, meatballs, & pork on a 4-hour simmer on the stove. This was what she used to make on Sundays. Good memories.
can you start using a hashtag so i can follow properly?
Madmapper this is my friend processing... Processing meet Madmapper.
Thanks for the follow! <3 :))
Everyone makes mistakes. Its whether we learn from them or not that sets us apart from everyone else.
hit me up for a photoshoot
Let's give Gray brownie points for letting the DC IG do it's job.
Bock your doors, there's a wild goat on the loose.
yeah I agree. In my case I didn't need anything.
This man at the pharmacy center just yelled out , TRYNA GET MY DRUGS ! lbvs
Music doesn't lie. If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music. - Jimi Hendrix
We have 4 open spots to serve lunch at the Lawrence St. Shelter today. Call Dan Dilley @ 303.294.0157.
and only the 24th manager since the College of Coaches ended.
Love my women with high heels an high standards ...
hahaha no bullshit its gonna be a good game!!!! a shot for every three kobe makes
In expanding the field of knowledge we but increase the horizon of ignorance.—Henry Miller
People are generic. This is why I have 3 friends...
CHARLIE IS CLUELESS.PHILLIEBEERMAN4MANAGER
American reunion with the Nathan I think so let's do it!
That was a cool video J.T.! Thanks for joining us this weekend; we hope you had an entertaining time!
Studio time
So proud of my dad who's running the for the 8th time today. I still question his sanity.
": I don't understand black girl hair.." neither do I, neither do I...
I'm doing it right now and you all seem bored
I dont think u understand what we go thru on a day 2 day,waiting for a call that could bring hope
Can you trust a brotha who's never had an Afro? I don't think so.
What??!!! How do we go from nearly 200 followers to 76:/ lame....
you like it better than dose?!
I could write a book of things not to put in a text message
The Trayvon murder shows the evil of us-them thinking. Please, I beg you, don't throw gasoline on the fire. Make the police do their job.
gimme some kisses boy!!!
My usual sarcastic asshole personality is at its max today. And I don't hate it.
Got asked to put either my song "Monster" or "Keeping imagination" on iTunes. Which do you guys think?
:D sending you some love Ciara (: hope you respond back
my tweets = my followers right now. weird
when you realize most of your family hates you like my sister and my brother it just make you happy.
Who is going to ICNA this year?
I guess Bo doesn't know best
You'll always be my hero, even though you've lost your mind.
Then just turn the page and start writing another chapter and make sure it is a chapter you want to live everyday !
WAY TO GO!! RT : #Brewers tie it up, 3-3 in the 9th!
You can rep your city when the pacers win.. lebron wins.. you can just tweet about it lol
I didn't take any pics because I was actually sad for him. But others took video that will surely end up on youtube
hey follow back? :)
I'm always exhausted until my head touched the pillow. Then I'm wide awake
just also installed tweetdeck...love it, thank you connie
happy to help - are you using iPhone, Android, or BlackBerry (or Outlook or Gmail?) email
You can't launch a satellite into orbit if you believe the earth is flat.
that's what's up.
I completely agree
This last Friday of High School will be one I will never forget. For the first time, EVERYONE was a part of our Titan Family
Re-reading session proposals, drinking coffee, listening to Agalloch. Ready for an awesome #thatcamp day.
At the crime scene. LOL XD The Other Guys
I liked you first. My best friend likes you now.
#IfIHadThePower i would transport myself to 's house !
We're on it! Will share it on Facebook & Twitter shortly!
watched it yesterday, was awesome!!!!
#ff for great deals around Boston
What do you get if you cross a jogger with an apple pie ?Puff pastry !
10 CUTTING EDGE MASHABLE REDESIGNS (SLIDESHOW) RT : I think the site is due for a redesign. It is super cluttered.
Money spent on drugs <<
ur ass can tweet but not pick up the phone! I c u!!!
From YOUR OUTPUT IS MY INPUT. There is always something that I can learn from you. YOU MATTER!!!
Collaboration and the cloud continue as strong themes for
Just got a consultant report talking about "bouncy" Nielsen ratings. Accepted as fact. Truth is that Rentrak takes the bounce out!
depends.... Is insta-kill on, or double points?
Wow, Erica just made some killer pumpkin bars. Give me a shout if you want to try one. Delicious! What's up now Paula Deen?
Some people need to grow the fuck up!
why is mayday parade so damn relevant xD
“: I love Marco's slide and metaphor. #cue12 And his jokes.” Me, too!
seriously, it was very interesting.
Good night, internets.
#5bestsmells ..... her, good night
Roughly 75% of people seem incapable of providing brainpower except in dribs and drabs, unless paid to do so. Or held at gunpoint.
I just went to a wedding and the whole ceremony was 4 minutes long hahaha
Work like you don't need the money, love like you've never been hurt and dance like no one is watching.
TONIGHT!!! Mudd Club Reunion concert w. Richard Lloyd Bush Tetras Comateens Sick F*cks & Walter Steding w Crazy Mary @ Delancey Lounge
There you have it. Tim Dillard obviously practices his impressions instead of his pitching.
- you are welcome, thanks for coming out!
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
Every weeknight at dinner, we're interrupted as CNBC's Jim Cramer texts my wife. What's he got that I don't? (aside from exposed scalp)
No apology needed. I respect your insight.
Elvis Mitchell-people forget how much Siskel and changed film criticism.
talking about dogs in bio..makes me think of the puppy that snatched my golf ball yesterday
exhausting.. Vacations are supposed to be enjoyable but mine are always busy.
Bored Chilling With My Sister.:D Got To Love Her.
heading to crandon with some road sodas! gonna be a good weekend
My gf works in the industry so she knows them...I didn't know who they were :( but now I do :)
… or about to break into some kind of robot dance?
hope ur well man. seeing if there is any developments on the show front, and let me know if there is anything I can do. cool.
no, I got the lg encore but let's just say it's touch screen doesn't respond very well -_____________________-
What hell you mean Lil B will be lecturing at NYU?
User tag of the night: 'weed' for Moby Dick. Just made me think of John Stewart in Half-Baked. "Have you ever read Melville...on wed?"
Kamara and Convey switching sides would only amount to a surprise if Convey used is right foot
Go to City Square.It's Really Fun:)):/)
I think it's about time for #BennyBenBenBenerson to get and stay hot.
#MyFirstWishFor2012, to just have a happy year. this should be a good one..a little less than 3 hours..
The music video for the new RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS song: The adventures of raindance Maggie premieres today on MTV!!
What's the farthest you've ever traveled just so you could eat at Michael's?
Sitting in the backyard, enjoying good conversation with good friends. Cool breeze is blowin'...it's been a great day. Good night, friends..
Quite impressed with
lame! I'll guess I'll have to see it again
HNY to you! Let's catch up in Denver after Summit.
remember when you followed me hahah me neither
What a successful show! Super excited to be chatting with both Ghana and Sierra Leone!
I suppose that is the end of the 'rain' this season
In the shower?
Miranda said she loves us :)
When another is talking look them in the eye feel their energy give your complete focus to them like nothing else in the world exists
"If you do the common things in an uncommon way you can have the attention of the world..." Dabo Swinney...#Clemson...Good motto for life..
First LIVE video I've watched on the #ExperienceJoeRogan application and it worked great! Hope everyone enjoyed! If so, please let us know!
He's cute!
to everyone whos up late night craming a semesters worth of work, into 5 days
Sanchez starting for KC tomorrow
Did you know ONE small change on your backend process per month can make a huge difference to your bottom line? Via
Somehow knowing 1/2 the North Shore district is out sick makes me feel like less of a bad parent.
This upcoming Sunday, June5, in Philadelphia - it's with Freestate & ! #divemusic RETWEET
"Put it down" is bangin' Chardonnay;)
I know some young ones lol
Jammin' out to Seether, and home alone:)
fantastic #california weather! made for a great lunchtime #run. getting back into
okay...so i officially do like 1D. i listened to all of their songs this morning in the shower. that weird?? ._. ...nah!
Can't you just sync with your PC to get it back?
No eye has seen, no ear has heard, the depths of your love Lord.
Hi Tiffany. Got it, will do on Monday.
class is so boring!!!!
no it doesnt...but they do a great job
in my moms mind- Health>School>Twitter. in my mind Health>twitter>school
I can lay in bed and watch Friday Night Lights on Netflix ALL day.
#dhtrial statement by jury that no change since day 1 means complaint question made no difference.
Thanks for the update to your friends NaturesLogic!
- London Police Commisioner resigned over 'a phone hacking scandal' - "Forced to quit" isn't the best choice of words
Was just gifted a pair of tickets to Arctic Monkeys and Black Keys...so pumped!!
They're ok, thanks for asking. Lots of healing to do. :(
|#quotes Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Nice photos, mate!
I want to write a blog post but I have so much work! AAhhhh!
#NeverShouldYouEver insult Taylor Swift in front of Swifties!
Lol so live :)
Les/Morey relationship seems to be a tight one. Morey polarizing with fans but his good moves outweigh bad ones
"There are no hopeless situations. Just people who get hopeless over them."
this week it seems coffee and a lack of coffee can equally contribute to headaches.
Thank you for following us! We would like to offer you and your clients a free environmental report. Would you be interested?
Happy Turkey Day from SaEventCntr!
Are you exciting about #BELIEVE tour?
oh, I thought the first step was alcohol...I'm sure your way works too
And thanks so much if you've already shared &/or donated to our campaign! We appreciate it a ton!
Eric bledsoe with the save steal awesome
Good Sunday morning everyone. What are your plans for this lovely day?
Let's go baby king James n Dwade
hey everyone follow me and my bestie we follow back :)
: Will you come visit me soon? Miss you!
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
I'm sure you will!
haha, Greg won't know either, but he suggested I could get the workout to submit...& I think I did :)
thanks for not getting out tho.
I'm off today,,, yay
Coached a leader earlier. I am always amazed at how valuable another person is to help us see what we can't see for ourselves! Get a coach!
Just woke up :) HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!!!!! to all the moms out there. You've done so much for us since day 1. Thank you :) we love you!!!
Just got back from riding. It felt SO easy, even the hills. Love when that happends. Still feeling hyper though. Need to mellow out!
There are so many people I know on the Indy Top 50 Business Connectors this year. My favorite is my husband, Tony. Congratulations!
OMG! Get out! Really?!?!?!??! AH YAYYYYYYYY!!!!!! I had no idea you even applied! I didn't see you at the info session!?
I think so in some cases. =)
Thank you Souplantation! Beth Deja won a drawing for free cookies for the office! M....
With the exception of a couple of players, the offense hasn't really been the problem
Anyone ever watch the NBA games via TNT Overtime? Pretty cool/different perspective.
Just munched a '' road goodie worth 3 points!
#SaySomethin Is the #BESTSONGIHAVEEVERHEARD (; I died..gosh , it's amazing <3
I got 99 problems but a hookah ain't ONE!! Hit me!
It just… I know it sounds ungrateful, but it feels like a slap in the face. "How much do you love your show? No, REALLY?"
I know my evil well, it stares me in the face, evil done to you alone before your very eyes
I need to pee and my mom won't hurry up!!!!!":/ ufff
Matt: So this is Ethan my baby brother. Ethan: Yes, Ethan my baby brother. Haha he's so cute. ;)
heard about your magazine
I think the #solarflares are giving me a headache. Or maybe it was the double espresso and chocolate cake.
17 hours put in today and I'm pooped! Glad to be on my way home & off tomorrow!
RESPECT2 , ! Says U all r Legendary & I Can't wait 2 put in work with u guyz.
Not to mention indygogo etc...I know I've been lazy this week a lot of the work is getting done finally!
Is this THE on #smallbizchat?
#Fine, #Fresh, #Fierce, we got it on lock! :)
Do you use other forms of heat? A fireplace or wood burning stove?
Eating a Angus Burger at M with everything extra large
that's a definite recommendation! I love WDL and I want to get to a time where it will be an eminent global educational resource
Too much food tonight..I'm tapping out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
Administrators sell Hemel Hempstead broker Castle Personal to Taylor Francis Castle Personal Insurance Brokers has gone into administrati
Hacked by korbyn(: I LOVE YOU JUICE BOX BUDDIE!!!...I'm scared of chinesse people now :(
they are equal in calories. Honey has trace amounts of nutrients, though.
Police radios emerged after the Reform Movement, as did motorcycles and automobiles. The Detroit police were 1st to use automobiles.
Never seen an NBA team with more butter fingers than Knicks? Amare, Fields, Chandler, none grab hold of a ball
"All Passes. High Art Alone Is Eternal" --carved into the facade at the Nelson Atkins Museum. Humbling, and inspiring.
Happy New Year!
#HomelandSecurity (#DHS) monitors #Tweets? Maybe #TSA can find my $1,000 Nikon that never came out of Xray machine at Cleveland Airport.
No one is as ugly as their driver's license picture and nobody is as attractive as their profile picture.
its all cool bro how r u
lol how about a doughnut from the doughnut vault? My treat
Kaytal: two conservative lower court judges who upheld law could benefit government's argument.
LMAO. That do sound like some shit I would say though. Thanks
Do you have questions about the U.S. Dept of Ed waiver program? Join us Wednesday for a live Twitter chat from 11:30-12:30 EST
Alas, I've been drinking little enough lately that all names escape me.
Other options that must be tested are the actual game modes
#Civilrights champion MLK was arrested on this day, jailed during anti-segregation protests, he writes the "Letter from Birmingham Jail,".
cant believe kennywood isn't open on fridays yet
eww High Tech :) loser Land.
is still on the air?
Sad little gia
Any #Awake fans out there? What THE HECK is going on?!
2 hours straight of standing while looking at a mini notebook. >.< It's horrid. lol
Yeah, it's not as bad with the others as compared to LeBron.
Well it was a good night, until Shit went down. Lol.
Dynacord Cobra you Rock my face off!
Now people want what the movie was about, which is violent comedy
About to start the Spring semester on an empty stomach. Ready to learn about US relations with Canada and Mexico.
from everyone here our heart goes out to they martin family. RIP Trayvon may justice be served.
i voted for yall over 40 times... Do i deserve a follow back???
'04 Red Sox, cuz '11 is killing me. RT ; Which exiled sports franchise would YOU want to bring back most & why?
Seeing a live flash mob right now :)
thanks tommy.. I'm no hockey all star but I'll run the pool table any day of the week
I'm forever cursed with the knowledge that I would've made a spectacular Ziegfeld girl had I just lived 100 years ago.
Jumpin in my suit~ with hands in the air
Isn't the whole point of electrolyte-infused #vodka to not have a hangover?
Just finished shooting the music video for our first single "Vanilla" !!!
lmao he didn't want it with Common
Rematch?! Hopefully soon!!! Tell Luke we'll be looking out for him!
Never let your pride, ego, or jealousy stand between you and your goal. If you do, you will only be hurting yourself.
Are there any Firefox add-ons that tell me my usage stats? I'm curious about things like how many webpages I visit in a day.
For no reason
you coming by here or am i going to bed?
Justin Follow Austin Mahone !
I can't believe I thought that was a planter. Hilar!
Fact bro. Also check out the artist and song J Moss- "Me Again" Very powerful...
I'm disappointed but impressed that is anyone up is done now. Props for maturity Hunter. Sad that there's no more gnars though.
what u mean no fatties? Lmao
Don't live life with regrets, Live life to the fullest and Make memories. Because time flies away, But memories never go away.
Dale Hunter pointed to the Tampa Bay game March 8 as when he saw his players collectively grasp his style of play.
Mitsubishi UFJ to Add 50 Traders in Derivatives Push
Love you to !
Trials keep you Strong, Sorrows keep you Human, Failures keep you Humble, Success keeps you Glowing, but Only Friends Keep You Going :)
Artists: How do you manage to keep a positive attitude about your work when your product is you?
A Kevin Gregg sighting!
Our music's kind of about taking something ugly and making it beautiful. - Jerry Cantrell
Lambeau field has been able to make small subtle changes over years to add suites & seats and haven't upset the fans. Fenway can too
C.S. Lewis a.k.a. Dr. Radaker has some good things to say on the topic of atheism...despite the fact that this annual performance is cliche.
Hello to our Savvy interns!
Good luck to Field Hockey squad. Playing for another Big East title today!
Congrats to the horse that Joey named "I'll Have Another" for it's big win in the Derby yesterday. Appropriate that it won on Cinco De Mayo
How much is bingo players.? :o
Rain is so annoying another day of only 5 holes of golf
But I ain't Rich..
“: "Tell the negative committee that meets inside your head to sit down & shut up." ~ Ann Bradford”know some people who need this!
He's going to. But money from Adelson should keep him to SuperTuesday. Southern States will either be last stand or launching ground
well I better go to bed but tomorrow I will tell u how everything is going
Hey people lol well I been hearing rumors about jelena I wanna know the truth can someone tell me
Been a long night full of awkward conversations for me...
Alright fb friends, Broken Crown would like to know what your favorite st. Paddys day drink is? Go
had a blast rehearsing today for show next week at The Rock Church for the high schoolers! Can't wait for Tuesday to come!
hey chick where r u at now
Distance is nothing compared to feeling distant from someone sitting next to u. & damn can someone shoot that effin groundhog already!? smh.
tuesday means popeyes special 2pc combo
That probate after party at TMT #TXST is gonna be live. My TL has been flooded for a solid hour
7 wins in the last 8 games in Football AND basketball.
women 39 s health current events
Secret to grilling a great steak? A great cut of meat. Look for steaks that contain marbling for great flavor, cut 1-1 1/2 inches thick.
so let me get this right. The POTUS is a socialist gay muslim that will take all our guns away. Did I miss anything else? .
Yes. Rolling one's eyes is frowned upon.
let me get ur number first?
Today is not yesterday nor is it tomorrow. Today is now and you need to make things happen now! I'll just wait for tomorrow because I'm lazy
Bought a new car this weekend. Almost like saying goodbye to an old friend getting rid of my old Suburu I kept for 10 years with 236K miles.
Ralph Waldo Emerson: The quality of the imagination is to flow and not to freeze.
thanks for the follow
what if I want something football related?
Had a nice night and even stayed sober enough to drive myself home!!
#HappyAdministrativeProfessionalsDay Anyone planning something nice for their admin? Any admins with stories to share?
Braveheart, Diet Coke and Popcorn...Friday night
So sick of freeloaders like really you can't possibly B THAT CHEAP! So annoying!!!!
Kennywood in a few days with Logan(:
Thanks , , , and for the retweets & mentions!
You're right. Sometimes I'm too self-conscious.
thanks for everything today Bradford! you were amazing!
Make time to take in the small, beautiful moments in life like this mornings full moon in west & sunrise in east
What's big and ugly and drinks out of the wrong side of the glass?A monster trying to get rid of hiccups.
Make sure to thoroughly douse your clothes with kerosene. We wouldn't want this to go off poorly.
T-raw, skinny nigga big balls >;D
Falcons are taking Peter Konz. Would've been a coup if he slipped to 60 and #Ravens got Upshaw and Konz.
Four local favorites to #FF:
Never had trouble bull-shitting a paper on a book I never read. It's worked for dozens of papers … until this one.
aw thanks. Just remember, if you drink, don't drive, do the watermelon crawl.
THANK YOU!
is there a hastag?
Great tip RT Be sure to give your body a rest between workouts.for example: don't work the chest two days in a row.
Why is the bar so empty? Oh, wait.
Attention...I have the dream role Assistant Controller for a straight Big 4 experienced Manager or light Senior Manager or combo public and…
the only reason I agree with this is because I belive in the difference of a hoe n bish:))ahoeahoe4nothinbitchabitchgetinrich
My phone is on random song selection but keeps picking Wayne songs......i immediately took it of random and started picking my own songs
How about some jewelry for mom for Mother's Day? Feel free to use coupon code, "Facebook10" for 10% off your purchase in my Etsy shop.
Annoyingly, I got stuck in traffic and couldn't make it. I guess I'll have to wait until tomorrow.
xbox time byotchesss ~ (;
twitter should thank me for being inactive last night...that could've been bad
Apearantly my good friend ashley toms life is a story bitch.....add her on facebook
And we smoke that KUSH and we ball like swoosh
Ron Artest: supreme douche of the highest level.
damn snitch not popping at all. Well I don't know him so I am cool
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools. Can we skype? Mail one of the seven fantastic tools
Joining the gym so I can go back to skinny dipping, not chunky dunking.
“: Tapping parked cars like ” yeaahhhh buddy!
Just a joke...Old people at weddings alwayz poke me and say "You Are Next" So, I started doing the same thing to them at funeralz.
Thanks I'll check that out
Your work is amazing.
she's fucking amazing
support our close friends at noisefest tomorrow!! and !!
SECCA is getting spruced up for the grand opening of "Out of Fashion" Thursday, Nov. 3, from 7 - 10 pm. FREE. Join us.
okay but guitar and singing aren't learned easily! : )
I know one thing. Amare gotta go.
Once again my faith is renew'd in the total shady evilness of corporate software vendors. It's great to watch them make stuff up on the fly.
Its friday!!!i know im late,but lets celebrate!!!!
regular yoga teacher at the Y was in an accident and hurt her hand. we had a sub today, but she's not a yoga teacher. frustration ensued.
": Next week I will visit your club myself, and 2 of my sisters We love Karaoke" ok, im going to hold u to that
Miranda is Our Queen <U+2661>
To San Diego this am with & for mom's 91st BDay.
so do I.
i do my thing but and do EVERYTHING!
There's nothing like a hug from a pup!! :)
We have such a shitty coach
Where are you going now???
that would be great - I wish I was somewhere where the sun was out and warmer than 60º
-- thank you thank you!
At this point, the driver is allowed under state regulations to stop the mumbo-jumbo and drive in silence....
Has any rebup president overturned Roe vs. Wade? No. I stopped being a one issue voter a long time ago.
RT's R mystical RT : RT'd your tweet about the nu CD then opened today's mail and received the Nu CD Coincidence?
Ploting the move for tonight!
Thank you for the RT!
The minute Byrd was thrown out at the plate I saw this coming
How 'bout those Ravens, Dr. Bob? Do you get back home to Baltimore often enough to see any Ravens home games?
If you don't do what's best for your body, you're the one who comes up on the short end. - Julius Erving
love your daily emails! Truly a blessing to receive! :-)
Brenda Ueland~ Since you are like no other being ever created since the beginning of time you are incomparable.
Logic? Awesome.
what's the use in PRIVATELY loving a Woman? Unless you're trying to publicly screw other Women
Stop by Bounce with ur watch and take a pic with ur waitress and tweet to to enter 2 win a free swatch watch!
Expecting to see a lot of girls dressed up at school tomorrow.
just let me know the dates and we'll make it happen. any chance for tommie vs johnnie 10/1/11?
speaking of, cope southern blend is coming out soon
Thank you Shady Lady for the awesome parking spot!!! Let's rock this Friday night Gypsy Style!!!
Where did all these gay ppl come from?•_• ill tell u where! They feel out the sky!
how 'bout a marketing coordinator?
I think Obama is west side
The responsibility of leadership is one of shaping others’ lives, hopefully for the better. – Delorese Ambrose
Thank you for the follow! :)
#FF to my favorite #Branding brains: and
#iWillNeverTrust someone that doesn't pay back when they said they were going to..
Can't wait to buy the album of one direction <33333
Absolutely. I'll DM you my number.
Happy Birthday to !
shouldnt be surprised by being ditched by you sloth. watching #TheFirm without you.
I avoided that one, now glad I did
You are not the only one! I hate it too!
You know I hate it when the family is decent to each other!
TY for the RT and interest. I am for patient safe effective health care. Data integrity is the key to a successful project!
The young man, James Massoon, on The Voice isn't helping himself by wearing his hair like Veronica in the Archie comics
Day 3 of the 4 cat household. The visitors are making themselves at home, but the residents are still having hissing fits.
Wish more players were like Dustin Pedroia. He brings great attitude to the field every day and has a ton of confidence in himself.
Hahaha. I had a few drinks. But they were some wack hoes. Disperse wack hoes!
ElkCaribouMoose, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Trent Lockett is transferring to Marquette per an ASU release. Was the Sun Devils leading scorer last year.
Niall Is Sexy Dancing La Macarena :) MUST SEE
march 31 at manhattan's!
reordered some Little Green Monster and Winter EPs...Can't believe I ran out! Thanks for your support everyone!
i miss you a little!
just made it inside the building. Boy the AC feels nice. Naca mortgage fair.
It'll be back terrible in a year or so...#Honest RT : West lawn look like its almost done....
Booked! and I are going to Belize in march.
Heard Josh Hamilton is headed to after the #Orioles game.
Less than 10 hours and I'm gunna be on the road(:
Learning how to make a awesome salad dressing . <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+263A>
I'm into the Cobb salad -- and the popcorn.
It's supposed to thunderstorm today... ):
Nicholas restaurant on grand.. three words... dee.lish.us.
I made my ringtone the Hunger Games Mockingjay call. :)
does anyone have imessage for their ipod touch and wanna text? ~~~
i hav famous ppl who r followin me but i dont even kno who dey r :P
Spent afternoon looking through International Pen records showing how they helped exiled Hungarian writers after failed 1956 revolution.
It hurts.
Since when did novice teams not switch sides?
LibrarySkills has drawn a winner of Kindle Fire - Maria L. Gonzales - Roosevelt HS - pick up from booth
I think you have a beautoful body and beautiful face to be a model I wish to help make your dreams come true someday
The Town Car is currently the largest sedan available for sale in the North American market
still working on the roadless rule and selling mountaineer books. See our site for more details www.wawild.org
emphasis on good
game starting!!!
Digging It with the Townies Everyone knows that the downtown area is the bustling center of city life. It is usually filled with an amaz
it was worth a try!
Good bye UAE :') OFF to Seattle
Can you guys do me a favor and follow please? She's super nice and she LOVES her followers <3 143
Good Morning Farm friends, start your week off right and come by to pick up our strain of the day; Jack X!!
be careful! Praying for you all!
He is trash as an umpire. That's the other thing about him, His mouth is just as bad as his umpiring.
i Dislike he's on some wierd stuff, thats why i dislike that guy.
I love how your blog speaks to mothers around the world about always continuing to look fabulous
Boris is going to spinning at Pacha on the 28th next week not this weekend hun
hey! we are now officially the first "real" characters in the flat stanley flatter world - flat grannies on safari. www.flatterworld.com.
cranking this week.... cranking
I'm gonna need the internet to spam 's twitter & FB to convince her to come home from work & have a game night w/ me.
#10WaysToDie If you wont even look at me when you talk to me.
Now that the meth-dealing Malcolm in the Middle dad look alike is gone, I don't know what to do with my life.
That is a great idea! Now to find a time that works for all of us!
Hi guys, great to be connected with you.. Totally love your music ~ be in touch soon
Let's go
Thank you for helping us spread the word! :)
OH: I feel like I learned not to pee on an electric fence. It doesn't feel good.
Rainbow In the Dark, by far one of my fave Dio songs! \m/
how many beers did it take you to come up with that
that would be so 2012. this will be the set to Anchorman 3 - 5.
#FarmersMarket Milwaukee Come visit Jerry.
A pox on louts who use a chair - in a place with chair shortage (think Starbucks) - to stow handbag, briefcase, etc.
Have you tried the freshly made Crepes yet? Come into Provence On 21st Ave. this weekend and enjoy some for brunch!
Yes, love it! The myth that libraries are quiet could be fun to test, too.
that's a long commute, but not sedentary in the slightest!
eye catching
Could i have a shoutout? Please? C':
what you wtfing at woman
We have not, how do we go about it? Is there an email to best contact you at?
Why is Mourinho starting the exact same side that deservedly lost to Bayern? Conetrao is again gonna get eaten alive.
What a beautiful day!!! Who wants to play outside?!?
i dont see much room for competition, they already lost...
Lord Coward totally looks like Seneca Crane.
Thanks for the Retweet OsteoA You rock!! :):)
Q3 it sync the computer to your TV input if you have an adapter
Reportedly, just broke GitHub.
Guy in the gym in what can only be described as hot pants has mentally ruined me day.
Lets get drunk and forget what we did.
same...nd no my mom wouldn't let me get one ):
Another wasted night of watching #bucks basketball. Two hours of my life,ill never retrieve..
#ThingsThatBotherMe dishonesty. People just need to admit their mistakes and move on. It's easy to say you were wrong than to lie about it.
Feeling Achievement-y, so we are having our next Oakland restaurant meal at Lucca!
One yummy, scruffy Alaska man but married :( at the gym tonight (sad) but doesn't hurt to look.
Whenever I'm in Greenlake, I knock over shopping carts to see if my "work" will show up on
please follow me??
Term paper topic: Effect on US Founding Fathers of Classical Political Thought. Source suggestions?
Friday hurry up and get here!!! Vacay has been calling my name!
My life is complete. Just saw a whiffies pie in HD.
I heart me some
tell your brother to call me asap
and have fun at #InDesign training today! We'll miss you in
I guess.
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYJBOOGZ how is it not trending tho
how goes it??
#codyjakeustream It would be amazingg if you gave a shout out to Megan, Sammy and Jackiee :D
~We can assist with that.
thanks for the retweet.
If you would like to get involved in a habitat improvement project please check out the link provided for more details.
Buyers of U.S. beef keep importing after mad cow case
Yes, it was a great session!
Holding down the fort as the lone Team DIET member. Hope and are having a good time.
i wish you well in your pursuits. thanks for being open to feedback.
so in gay terms... that means... i like penis?
Grand Opening This Thursday Night!! Club EROTICA 21+ Inside Heat Ultra Lounge in Anaheim Text 562-307-3589 For FREE ViP or Bottle Service!!
time for nails and work
I-70 EB is now open again at the tunnel.
How about you?
Those who finish what they start and so on
Lets go !
Andre Branch...opinion?
Doing the final edits on Pasadagavra .... writing is fun, editing not so much....
Your book cover is your package. A design that works commercially is the ultimate goal. Buyer preferences trump personal preferences.
That awkward moment when you get a text from someone you don't know saying your Farts are a turn on... haha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I'd like to play some Boogerman: A Pick and Flick Adventure.
I hate you
Anyone got the #christmasinwashington links? Can't wait to see the awesome performances
call me!
omg there is a clump of hair next to ur straightener u r shedding!
Identify what you want and go for it.
Feeling good first workout of the day blue miami!!
Attention: The Talent Show in Mocha Joe's is canceled tonight. But still come down and grab a smoothie to celebrate this beautiful weather!
Cool design. Congrats on the sale!
Used to believe I could never ever please You / I spent a long time running scared / couldn't receive You would never ever leave me...
yes you guys got me into lol and now I can't stop playing it!
shouldn't get paid 4 reppin your country. Get $ from sponsors if that important not like TeamUSA needs DWade to Win.
Shit. RT RT : Word in #Brewers clubhouse us that Mat Gamel will have knee surgery.
Leaders go into the "wilderness" with questions and return with confident direction! Perhaps you need some wilderness time!
anytime, thx for making it. ill shout off the mountaintops to everyone i can. Already have people listening!
it wouldn't be the same
RT : Had a GREAT time hanging out with this morning!
Ditto! RT : #vsa2011 Really looking forward to hearing from Lisa Yun Lee of Hull House
let's see it!!! Don't tease us!
3/27/1775->W Preston:I have knowledge of Henderson’s purchase of Cherokee [land]—there is something in that I neither understand nor like
Boys suck D; -izzy
You bet!
We know UNICs are organizing Holocaust Remembrance events. Pls tweet and let us know about them!
Well played KC. Starting a twitter war.
It's been brought to my attention when I tell someone "don't do anything I wouldnt do" I'm ultimately giving them endless opportunities
How is it possible to spend so much time on Pinterest & I don't even have an account there? Beautiful, beautiful eye-candy.
i love youu so mucch, your all i ever think about follow me backk!!
He seriously doesn't!! I mean you're a #badbitch!!! Teen popstars these days..pshh!! #smh!! Loves you more boo!!! :))<3
Hell ya man, keep it up.
Just saw Transformers 3 for the 2nd time! Still Amazing!:)
« ima chill and leave it all up to you.»
Rooney w/ Tally Hall
Missing persons case in the bay area at another homeless shelter, hopefully I will have the same success with this one as the last one.
later tonight.
Anyone else out there on #socialcam ? Follow me!
I Did! Now time to get rid of the entrapments!
RT : Michelle Williams is wearing one of those headbands you put on a baby so you can tell it's a girl.
Had such a good day one of my bestfriends came back:)
6- we use to talk and you would make me feel better your really sweet :)
the only thing I ever plan is to get money
Good! Trying to stay warm...it is freezing today brrr
I'm so down
your welcome and hit me up on Facebook my name is Alex caris
'Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve' ~ Napoleon Hill
Its borderline creepy out in the Burg. Kinda sketchy feelin.
I want to just go up to you and give you one more hug.
I can't wait to go to Ohio tomorrow
Took the kids to and introduced them to the #BeefnCheddar ... It was a home run!
I respect any comic that is good at heckling on stage
Is looking for VRAD installation technicians in Birmingham and Miami.
we might have. I done quite a few shows locally. Your name sound familiar to.
Should I listen to the butterfly that landed on my nose and tells me it will be okay...or should I hit something very, very hard?
ah, i want one!
#NOIData : Be a savvy data user. Ask to see what's under the hood of the model.
Busy week...shoot tmrw, rehearsal thurs, show friday, sale sat, church sunday, sleep monday lol
I fly so high that my head touch the clouds might catch me tweeting yes tweeting about that loud.!!
Real day off = Real breakfast. French toast with bananas and strawberries...so good!
The techs play music every day during radiation, since you have to lay on a table for 15-20 minutes. Friday seems to be jazz day.
brb while I dig my grave. JUSTIN THIS SONG IS SO GOOD
i feel like such an idiot.
I'm in Nashville I have been all my life and still haven't spotted Taylor. La and Nashville r big so it is hard to see them.
At the GeniusBar in Smith Haven. Will the #apple geek live up to the moniker? I need an RME. No more fixes.
just saw it myself in 3-d.
Both tend to be a transition from a guided inquiry process to a more open inquiry.
If there was a hell for Words With Friends, you'd perpetually have a seven letter word and nowhere to play it.
yo bro, i bought some beats off you, im still waiting on them
yes ma'am I am! I'm not starting work until next week so I'm pretty free until at least Tuesday!
I have been in this hotel van for three hours straight. Ugh. That's furniture market for you!
renzicle, any way we could hump Thurs or Friday? Read ur text on deets about why I can't Wed.
Absolutely. 140 char. limit killed me! You forgot and are definitely craft beer spots
watched it once while I was at the gym....it was good....sexual hehehe
One way to gauge activity is by how many current chemical toilet rentals you have.
Heck ya girl ! Which level are you doing ?!
I do this pretty much every time I get drunk lol
Aw. That's sweet.
thanks!! We're collecting at 4 venues starting tomorrow-13th too...hoping to fill the Yukon to the brim with toys :)
“: Are girls not into dads like guys are into moms?” is...
I f*$%ing love the Walker! (and want everything in the gift shop)
Hey Everyone thanks for the follow! Imma keep you all interested so you can keep followin!
Thanks, Maggie. I was looking at the tefl course in Chiang Mai- still deciding if I'm going to take it here or back in US.
hope chipper finds a way to hit 46 dingers this yr
Free shirt to the first person who can provide substantial proof that today is their birthday! Spread the word.
Oh boy...Are they #NSFW?
"Everyone in the audience finds something that personally resonates with them." - Matthew Joffe
oh so when you realize I moved on you want me back ? #IDontThinkSo .
#prayforjapan praying for the poor people who were affected by the tunami!
Don't lie about who you slept with ....
Eating peanut butter from the jar because it's the only food in my suite.
I'm about a week behind but am watching Oprah's LifeClass The Tour. Just what I need right now but so many commercials. Sigh.
Tweet your last minute questions to me now!
It ain't over till it's over.
lol hoe ass! I see how it is.. You bail yo Sandz out of jail.. 3 years later they tellin you to jog up to state lol
I won't go in to detail! I'll tell you if I can do it, anyone can do it!
We are still here - just practicing what it would be like to have a network put us in hiatus mid-season.
WHATZZZ UP Big Mo! #FF to u and yo homies and all that other 13th on Friday b.s blah blah. U good bro?!
thanks! Sometimes I don't see it that way but thanks for reminding me :)
Getting in before the public was the only time there wasn't a press of humanity.
's Antoinette Essa () has us on her A-List of upcoming events. #RVA check us out on tonight's news coverages!
Thanks, just a matter of time before the home building revenues & profit outpace again!
good night twitter!
#InTheSummer there will be nothing but my bestfriends and memories to last a lifetime!
BEST STORY OF LIFE
My tooth is killing me ugh
(c) and if he doesnt have a gf smile anyway cause you still have a chance.
Cary Hoffman will host the #BroadwayShowcase during #KidsWeek2012 on Tuesday! #MySinatra at the Intrepid!
making you a poster for your birthday! im sending you a gift!(;
Thank you Robert Allen for coming to the meeting & contributing to our Peace Coalition!!!
Same flawed rationale that leads to Haith winning COY (with someone else's players) over Calipari
Glad you agree. RT : Where would I be without ? Horribly, horribly lost. And less drunk.
Watching a #BET movie an they putting on for the Chi
The #story, if he tried to tell it now, would move away from the causal, like all mater, dark and light, from the trauma of creation.
Variety is the spice of life
who am i
- Child advocacy groups have long maintained that advertising targeted to children can be harmful - it's propaganda-like.
Hey there, great to meet you.
Belichick and the had to have practiced some Santeria because the players are falling like flies.
The Praline Connection. It was pretty good!
Have you ever looked at your best friend and thought "Why the fuck are we not comedians? :)
I love how you didn't hug me today lol !
On my way to get this money!! It's just what I gotta do..
Yes I do!
Jealous! RT: : Today is the day that I met Marc Summers. Not sure what else I can achieve in life at this point.
Gearing up to meet the riders of the California Coast Classic who wrap their 525 mile journey from SF to Santa Monica today!
I think that's just the ticket! =)
So , I write books . And I'm writing one right now . 5+ likes for a sample . :D Love you Mahomies <3 -Jordan Blaze <3
And you are totally entitled to ur opinion. You ever go into a film wanting it to be great? I did--so for me, it was.
Tea Time tonight at This is It! $3 long islands and $2.50 bottled miller beers. Paul and George are waiting to see you tonight!
Did you forget? Winter came and went over the Halloween weekend.
That's actually a very good idea.
smart... very smart.
im not twerking on no nigga that is not my boo RT : first nigga you see RT i have nothing to twerk on
I wish ppl would mind their own damn business
Da way she shake it on me >>>>>
Favorite Thing About Working at HubSpot: A product that works, variety, and the people
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0> can't buy you <U+2764> cause it's over pricee
Ms. Chalmers was there, greeted me warmly, and said that it made perfect sense I became a lawyer.
Beginning my adventure with 5:30 am and ready to take over the world (but first, naptime)
you should totally cover the song "all for leyna" by billy joel because thats my name ??
#SportingKC will continue its dominating play on Saturday.
GM baby mova<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B> happy mothers day <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I would love that RT : don't make me scramble you!
thanks mama xoxox
and greetings back to you from Chicago! We should trade locations sometime ;-)!
You're 6. You have an iPhone. Do you know what I had when I was 6? Bop It.
Send Goals To Global Staff - Investor's Business Daily
I think the entire waitstaff from the movie "Waiting" is at the table next to us....this is humorous...
Ah how exciting!
Early symptoms can include increased hunger and/or thirst, fatigue, frequent urination, weight loss, and blurred vision.
how is everything in Europe today?
i travel with you guys all the time. Today just up to #Fullerton from SAN. But I really want to take it to #SantaBarbara & beyond.
Thank you all for all the wonderful Tweets and emails! #Gratitude and #Blessings and looking forward to #Denver in June!
#Thirsty and umm when is that Ctfu #Sonic's Withdrawal
Kristie just made me walk up ten stories of stairs
Hung w/Josh Brown, dyno seafood din-din, sat in w/some locals. It's gonna B a 4-day blast! Jam sessions start 2nite @ 11p. Let's play!
how often do you do this? It is a chore for me...and one that I don't do as often as I should, I'm sure.
If you're going to be obnoxious then I'm not going to waste my time.
Great preaching LIVE online from #jacksonville @
my boyfriend turns 16 on april 4th. (;
i love so bubblu and happy :)
Was that really a gamble?
I invented a drink too its called the magic carpet with cocaine and coca cola lmao jk
Let's go #Caps!
We can't wait! RT: “: editing photos this morning!”
Thanks for following!
Congrats on 2011 TORI nominations & (via )
haha I just realized from The Stunners is following me, awwwe. (:
ok cool I'ma dm my new number
he already followed me a while ago
joy behar? Shill!
That happens!? RT: My favorite thing ever: having zero emails in my inbox
I don't need pity. I just need to be left the hell alone!
It was great to see you! Hope you enjoyed Powell's and have an easy trip home.
NEW YEARS REVOLUTION!!! Love yourself and your body harder!!! May it be a great one for you and yours!!!!!! <3
'Junk Gypsies' Stars on Miranda Lambert, Dumpster Diving and the Open Road - Wonderwall
A million cool-points to anyone who tweets a picture with Prince Harry tonight. Maybe he'll find a DC princess.
Seeing my boyfriend has to be the best feeling ever.
what song?
Bib number for eugene marathon's Sunday showdown: 2448. Think good thoughts.
Good Morning, Sunshine <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
This was a bit of a PR fail, I agree.
I love you :) haha
Wow...illegal screen called? You never see that so late in the game.
Thanks, Pres! So great to spend time with you and yesterday in
Planning super awesome road trip up Oregon coast. Sea lion caves, tidal pools, possibly lots of looking at inside of my eyelids. Niice.
Bourne Ultimatum for the 4th time. It still kicks ass.
Simply Music an easy way to get movement in fingers and loosen rigidity.
National vodka day
Nice!! Awesome!! Ok, now I have to write my feature and write some shorts as well, gotta keep pace. How'd the shorts come about?
Working on updating our b log-great gift ideas to buy and make coming soon!
It's literately impossible to make someone see your point of view most of the time , if not we would have world Peace
get that cinabon stuff! See you tomorrow fool.
2011 is moving fast Last day of August. What's your plan to make you Sept-Dec the best ever?
Ethical Dilemma: Knowing my 8th gradrs r going 2high school nxt yr & counselors program classes based on CSTs do I teach 2the test?
:-) Very high compliment! Thank you.
Lol RT There is no way to read your password to someone else without feeling like a complete idiot.
yup lol im all about that #ThugLife aye im mad live and
what's good
Like your site a lot too. Sounds like you guys are well on your way to expanding. Really glad to have you in Nashville
But Pink?!? Its not even a remotely classy color
Is it too early to start looting?
91 followers! Keep it up!!!!!!!! Thank you all! :)
Please read my tweets or im invisible for your beatiful eyes? :'(.
yeah man, lorax was weak. really thought it disrespected the memory of Seuss. turns out its a delight for 3 yr olds tho.
20 years ago I was a JYA student at U of Lancaster. My British friends paid no tuition;folks protested size of student subsidies. (cont)
RT : "Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
Way to go and ! You deserved a 10, but 3 9s ain't bad!
Follow WorldAblaze for Live Jazz in DC
#justdoit ": Single Ladies is now giving me a second wind. It's taking me everything not to break into my dance sequence..."
Just finished with recording the new House Anthems Winter 2011! It will be online in few min <3
#replacebandnameswithlesbian twisted lesbian (twisted sister)
Listening to at Northwestern U. Finally started, despite mic failure. Mic's unnecessary.
= one of my new favorite people
": DJ Jubilee is dominating the stage right now! Rebirth up next! Keep the party going all night with us!" Wish I was there!
#follow my homeboy :D he's a newbie!!! haha
Only I would mix up the words "esophagus" and "submarine"
There twitter. That is why Alex Smith TAKES A KNEE AT THE 1. Brees never gets the ball.
u heading to Atlanta?
Same day as free Expo Lines?
yepp i know i just noticed! & thanks! followed!
"You never conquer a mountain. Mountains can't be conquered; you conquer yourself - your hopes, your fears."
what's next for #KONY2012? Join the discussion tweet ur questions
espn 360 kicks as.. I've been watching the world basketball champhionship, and quality is great!
I feel like jumping in a battle soon
K CUTE I WILL SEE U SOON
A friend asked me what is your favorite NFL team? I said TEE BOO:)
I have call me maybe on repeat! What is wrong with me? ???
Those belts are bigger than Beiber.
I can dance my ass off #lowkey :p
okay, so i was in love with the decor, friendliness, & quality coffee from day 1 - & THEN i tried their lunch!
Come and celebrate the talented winners/honors of the 2010 Coretta Scott King Book Awards @ #ala10, CSK Book Awards Breakfast,6/29,7:00am
I'm so ready for summer. Time to make some memories :)
Unexpected pleasures are the best part of life!
Just (creepily?) watched your youtube vids and they were awesome haha :) You're pretty funny!
CAFE 1001 brick lane- I'll be round there from like 7ish or whatever :)
Moms! Join FITzee and tmw at Tidelands Park in Coronado for an outdoor concert! The fun starts at 10am!
SEPT 28th HE IS GETTING SO BIG NOW ITS LIKE HES GROWING IN FRONT OF ME HE EATS ALOT TOO
Of course Camberdella isn't here #alwaysabsent don't know why I bother coming to this class
We operate the nation's only portable Cruse Scanner, ideal for large fine art capture, model 295 size like that of the DOD...
Hope nickerson isn't mad that I legit just did his project in 10 minutes
Thank God!!!! Go Rangers for winning it in triple overtime!!!! Whoo Hoo.
please follow me! #ProudToBeAMahomie :)
follow back? :)
$180 worth of alcohol in my freezer and not even done yet. Who goes harder than Brando!?
Grrr why am I up so early #stupidnick oh well seems like a gym and thrifting kinda day :-)
Knock KnockWho's there !Chile !Chile who?Chile out tonight !
I see anotha one at his neck, lol
I am losing a bunch of weight thanks to & their #hCGdiet program! So excited. Msg me for info. Very affordable!!
Some days, I'm not a nice person. I try but don't succeed some days. We all have our moments.
thanks for the mention! BTW, I visited the Storify folks yesterday.
Meeting went pretty good. Now I have a 1pm webinar.
reading in my living room
would appreciate a reply...
That's "somewhat" good but why not in an article? Don't all readers deserve to know, not just bloggers??
Saka seemed total disinterested in the bird until she made her sudden leap.
About to download thug motivation 101 & Port of Miami #classics . Me and cam are going to vibin <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Thanks for the Follow Paula!
Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another
TOUCHDOWN MIAMI!! Jacory Harris to Mike James for 18 yd TD, on next play after Marcus Forston pick. PAT Blocked. UM 20, Clem 14
Love built on beauty, soon as beauty, dies
praying for you sweetheart. Even though things are out of your control remember God is still in control & He is faithful.
I'm pretty lucky!!
you're a reds fan, right?
We have a few more spots so if you didn't register but want to attend, come on down to before 9 & we'll probably let you in!
#TGIF I'm so excited...and I just can't hide it. I may have peed my pants a little.
A plane just flew by. I thought I got a text. What is wroonngg with mee
RT : RT : killin it remind me of a Colorado
prayers for those in the path of the flood!!!!
It's so ugly outside :-(
be careful in AZ, they'll arrest you if you walk on the wrong side of the street.
955 W Craig Rd Salon is open today 11am-4pm. ShOw Your HaiR Some LoVe!!!
Let's get together sometime! I haven't seen you in ages...
I love Pipi
You will be a rockstar!! So proud of you for sharing your story.
thanks for the tweets x just got in... now for the wine!!! great to see you today.
NYC Carnival Tonight!!!!!! Ah Can't wait!!!!!!! LOVE
ah!!!!! At a bridal expo right now and the dj next to us is playing Runner Runner "I Can't Wait"!!!
Dragon Quest X launches August 2, requires 16GB memory card
Oh wait. Yeah I can. The last playoff game I went to, when the Rags knocked out the Devils. ::Shakes Fist::
Tomorrow @ 10am we'll be releasing a new report that looks @ privacy + reputation management on social media sites.
I donated for the 1st time since 2008 to #Obama2012 to thank - but, if no fed contractors executive order - I will ONLY vote!
I hate the rain!
great to hear it Lets Go CB4
cute dress!
Let's Go! RT Let's do this, !
My little nephew asked if I would read him a story with a happy ending so I read him a Clockwork Orange and then I jerked him off.
Not only is soccer the chess of the sports world but I love that it exposes my children to the world (a 180 for me).
LMFAO, I wanna know who runs SO bad.
Breath By Breath, MANvsMACHINE, Saturday Night Massacre, Unto Acheron, Memories In Broken Glass, Old Men Die In New Suits
Happy 70th Birthday, Mohammed Ali You continue to inspire
what's your brothers take on manning ...
#HappyBirthdayRayRice ..A win for your birthday
it was worth a shot.
OMG - I would LOVE a live tweet up. When/where?
Our site is currently under maintenance that's wat it says...
Analytic tools blend with discovery interface when you can go from distant to close reading, from graph to individual articles
No 2 hour delay for me tomorrow. :/
I know I was joking
I will make sure to be!
I 5x dare u... bitch ass.... hoes
Awesome. Best thing to read in the morning. I am going to share this with the office. Congrats.
Because there is a story that must be told, even if no one wants to here it.
i know i aint Legacy(NEWBOYS) but i can
Oh shit , it's monday :(
follow my homies!
working on a letter to Begich, since I know him personally. Write with me! I'm not a movement unto myself. :)
So hot in Texas, i'm lying on my back making sweat angels in the dirt.
i think i'm going to let melatonin do it's job. there is no way i'm falling asleep before 4
I'm still thinking about that salted caramel milkshake. See you back at #drexel in 2 weeks.
glad you're coming on board!
Awake since 5:15am, for no reason.
its a very, very good show. The season finale just aired last week, but CW cancelled it. NO idea why, its really popular.
My mother always said, "don't ever go through a man's stuff. You'll always find something that you wish you didn't". Works both ways.
Thanx 4 the cam shot last night. It was a blast watching you make ur milkshake. RT I'm headed 2 Mills Of Milkshakes.. Donny
I love Flip Flop season!!
thanks! So thrilled about the work being completed in Ethiopia
ah, it kinda makes sense now!
Can anyone confirm that Goodell and D. Smith are splitting a pasta dish for lunch? Or at least sharing desert?
#Dogs are omnivorous. They require more than just meat to do well
Gamel with a line drive to right center. Crowd feeling something is about to happen.
Shout out to for saying my name was unique, not weird. And yes, your hair is much too nice to cover with a hat : )
can't wait to hear the new tunes! I just know they will be amazing! :)
& & Jinsu are all going to be in Vegas? LOL the fight in the ring isn't going to be the only one going on..
let me know if you need a note atleast . lol
When I looked up weather in Cleveland, it offered a "Honeymoon Tips" tab. Clearly weather.com has never been to Ohio
Not only simpler, but they allow you to say things like "WI is the new KY".
The Guto is...as clean as a pig dick.
I just wikipedia'd dubstep and was very disappointed that it did not make me want to roll over and bury my face under some hippy chicks arm.
Thanks Victor!! Hope you're summer is rockin' as well!
Finally, my iPhone dreams have come true!
in the Bowery Ballroom of course.
I have lululemon stretch pants AND headband on, I am obviously so serious about this run.
so what's everyone's favorite flavor chocolate ice cream
Today is the day! 10 cent tacos and $1 cerveza after 6pm until supplies last!!
Facts about Charisse Mills, I was born in Trinidad, shout out to TNT
Todays special Green Chile Cheese Burger Combo For only $6.99
Many #esl teachers started out as #tefl teachers. Was that the case with you? We'd love to hear your story!
Yes it does! Nice job. How's your softball team doing?
Which Child Actor from the '80s Is Still Dressing From That Era? Remember Hammer pants, those flowy genie trousers made out of the same s
On the big screen- Cowboys and Aliens at the top of the worst.
There are almost too many good things about this day.
Full house at Linus and Alora tonight.
For reals people ordering a baconator with no bacon...... :O
You can't expect me to be fine and I don't expect you to care...
2DAY IS THE ONLY DAY THAT MATTERS, MAKE 2DAY COUNT!!!
Tonight! The Destructions with 3 Minutes to Live and She'On at Rock Bar! Downtown on the corner of 3rd and Broadway!
then we can be the three musketeers like we said!
#IThankGod for being alive. And for giving me the life I so far have . Thank you God. Gracias :)
plus she always does it via mass text. THANKS MOM
Watching Food Network Star
that's the truth of it!
We voted for you--good luck!
Chapter 1: news of a car accident
I'm doing well! Going for what I know ya dig....How are you feeling?
No worries! I am still going through email too.
Wishing everyone faith, hope & love on this great Saturday afternoon. I hope your day is going as well as mine.
believe me I did Sara :) just love how your personality shine,s forth, your so...sexy ect, this set is seventh heaven xoxo
One of my favorites! I want to see The Vow . I love love stories :)
done deal! Stop by the station and pick one up!
OMG I REMEMBER WHEN THIS CAME OUT!!!!!!! I GOT TO SEE THE PERFORMANCE ON HEYX3
Sandy Bull: the Sixties folk pioneer who burnt out too soon: Sandy Bull's unique talent and revolutionary approa..
Thrill the world Nyc 2009 had our first "Thriller" rehearsal yesterday & rocked it out! See website for more info! www.thrilltheworldnyc.com
Yes, Paul is right, the only thing ruining Madonna's voice is those miles and miles of cock that have been in her mouth. Oh Voy!
Day and a half, 5 assignments, research and writing...no problem. :/
I'm about to sing but it ain't gonna be sweet! Lol they just got hear.
right here!!! Do I need to grab my car keys??
But did you get a working result sufficient for your gaming needs?
Aha! Eng 30's version of the Complaint of Christ starts at l. 274, not l. 139 like the IMEV states.
Ewwww I have to work tomorrow ):
Aw, saved the day with a simple white cake with pearls around the bottom for a bride, let's hope they order lots more from me in the future!
That sounds great, Vincent! Keep us posted on your progress and we'd love to hear about your trip!
We're Yay
I'm now wide awake from my 11.5 hour sleep. Yes. YES.
Love a #naturist discount getaway 2 nights $200 visit us
Happy Good Passover Friday: the day Israel was saved by lamb's blood in Exodus 12:12 as Gen 22:8 promised & delivered in John 1:29
thanks man!
Dakota proverb: "If the horse is dead, dismount." via Gus Whalen
stop complaining brat i'm in Woburn, finished Hollis today btw muahaha
def taking an ice bath tomorrow.
Tweeting in the morning, tweeting in the evening, tweeting its sausage time! Come get a Spicy Reindeer
: journalists need to be paying attention to the backchannel or you're missing the story
play thru it, gonna get surgery anyway.
perfect thanks!
The most nominated writers are Woody Allen, with 14 screenplay nods and two wins, and Billy Wilder, with 12 nods and three wins.
Heard somewhere that Hugo Chavez is dead or dying. Dunno if I believe it, Fidel has been on his supposed deathbed for the past decade.
Tattoos on this town by Jason Aldean IS.MY.JAM.RIGHT.NOW.
I don't like it but understand NBA superstars have decision-making power. But I hope DHoward is going to be in ORL if he is calling for this
Just because you hate me because of an ex does not mean you can come in and not tip me. Especially when I was super nice.
. . . And Happy Mother's Day Too You Miss Jones !
best of luck on another great season!
Congratulations to all of this weekend's graduates! Bear down!
Dont feel like wearing makeup? Put on glasses.
Hey megs! I saw ur tweets. Hope your doing ok :)
Nope--it's a head shot my sister took for me. I've lost some weight since--probably should get another taken... :P
Do not sacrifice your dignity for anyone!
Our kinda girl. RT: “: Im drunk as sfuck.nuff said”
Ill eat your pussy so i can show you how my tongue works.
what a cynical answer
haha stop! For a meat lover like me this is a big deal :)
To fans out there. I hope you get that stadium so can beat you in a proper stadium.
Get links for ALL the pages on your site, NOT just the home page. Many people get all their links to the home page only, another red flag.
If they're used properly, I have no problem with them. Improperly used, it could cause me to stop reading the book entirely.
its now been 4 days since Ive asked a valid question about UR campaign. If I wanted silence from elected ppl I would vote democrat!
The system. Has to follow creative minds when in God.
yes, still love you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Many Pittsburgh concerts announced, but big ones missing. While in Philadelphia Thu-Sat there's the Shins/Real Estate and the Cranberries.
sitting at taco bell watching a couple seated with the boyfriend just eating food and didn't buy her anything. Idk what's the worst part
And all shooting some b-ball outside of the school When a couple of guys who were up to no good<U+2665>
I'm thinking about packaging this product in a nice zippered bag, but it's hard too ship and store. Back to the drawing board!
I hope my questions weren't as annoying as the ones I'm seeing in your feed.
Great subway ad on the ride home... "New York: Accepting of your beliefs, judgemental of your shoes." Couldn't be more true
Tom & Jerry i just love this fan base :)
Outraged that the NYCD has closed the washington sq. park on Halloween night, closed all evening until tomorrow!
RT LOVE that is wearing the National Foster Care Month ribbon on his guitar strap!!! #NFCM #fostercare”
Im doing pretty good how are you?
Riding wit my bro
Happy #FF and thanks for the RTs and conversation
#Videoediting. Just watch CBS sunday morning. Watching the Alpaca story I noticed edits..I saw the editor though process.
She said um old news well who yo new star
A New Look Of Google Earth! As we know it is not accustomed to stay
okay baby doll. (: love yah!!
I'm Asking for Prayer From Others Today.. I P.U.S.H Often. But today a little boost is needed. Have a great day folks..
If you listen to the on #PlayboyRadio.. listen for me in about 15 minutes! ;)
So I got my nailz did.... Its hard typing on a touch screen ... Wa
I can care less if you like me.. But u will respect me
lol i believe it ! How are you tho ?
Nice new updates to the Sportwatch. I had switched to using Runkeeper on the iPhone, but this will get me to try it out again.
when do you get to summit?
nope i wont
Hot hate heat, mall punk, cold source, Eileen Chang, pukelele, our magic hour, goat salt, Pink Smog: I have a story to fell.
PUT THE TEAM ON YOUR BACK!
Word!! Or get an interpreter u non humanoid. ": Yo just let McGee do your interviews from now on"
You wanna watch Empire or Jedi?
Thank you for sharing my story! Hope you are doing well - let's catch up soon!
Why is it not surprising that Microsoft's own IE7 virtual machine does nothing but BSOD?
DOMINICAN REPUBLIC!
S/O NEW MIXTAPE GOT THE NET GOING CRAZY EVERYBODY & THEY MAMA WAITING #SLAUTE!!!!!!!! SHOWING SUM ATL LOVE HOMIE
Getting married ««
But in a general sense, sanctification of leaders is a desirable goal. So....yay Jesus!
Have you found ways to help prevent cross-contamination?
No, it's a tradition in my family too. Even if it's just Kebalsa and Kraut in the slow cooker. Usually it's pork ribs n Kraut
Whaa u like confusing ppl? :P lol
I had a good halloween wbu?? =)
I wonder how long til Julius Mays is investigated...
is almost at 4m! O:
My bitch bad your bitch hood my bitch turn heads you wish your bitch could!!!
I'm so excited for #ufc ultimate figher I just have to watch every one!
your website should be as relaxing and purifying as your spa
I think
she needs blankets to blow her damn nose
Idk why folks on Twitter always forget about TAXES & children, unless u gettin paid $50K under the table
extreme oversight is due to problems after games, not before.
Congrats! Welcome to the Wolf Pack
Kalon is wearing too much makeup.
When using a camera with an LCD, be aware it has a brightness setting. Check it if your pictures are turning out too light or dark.
hit by a tornado! Hope MPLS's best music store isn't too damaged.
Count the garden by the flowers, never by the leaves that fall. Count your life with smiles and not the tears that roll.
Definitely felt it up here in boston as well...
I cried when I watched it today in the car & mommy said it was inspirational.
Quo Bono? Someone's, perhaps everyone's, interests lie in not understanding each other. "II" can mean monetizing the 3rd world.
was their stickam thing interesting or dumb or both or
29% isnt gonna get it done boys, were gettin stops... Now we nee buckets.
Eat breakfast. Hungry. Eat lunch. Hungry. Eat dinner. Hungry. This is some bull. I feel like I'm eating a lot but obviously not.
Interested in today's Mobile Strategies and Challenges? is tweeting from the CAMP IT conference in #Chicago today!
I'm in love .. With my BED Now! That's the only thing I cannot wait to see lately SMH lol
#imisswhen there was no facebook/myspace/twitter/smartphones, and i had everyones phone number that i cared about memorized
Think about this, if John could fulfill the prophecy that Elijah would return,
: Oh good! Glad to hear it, The-One-Who-Will-Not-Be-Called-Shan. Sounds like the perfect price. :-) #mindingmyp'sandq's
Legitimate pain management
thanks so much girly!
Stupid Yankees. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Um, could be weird at the gym.
I can't tell you how many ways I can't stand Suze Orman or that Cheap A$$ Clark Howard! You can enjoy your life and still financial plan.
yes, using same password.
Wow, thanks!! is my inspiration and role model!!<U+263A>
"Another Bottle Down" by
#Glee's wearing a bit thin. You can take dumb adolesence only so far. But count me in for #Madmen and
Great motorcycle bar hop.
Can anyone recommend a great external mic for a computer- one that will capture all audio in a lecture hall?
EQUAL PAY FOR NO WORK!!!
I'm not bad with names, it's just that you leave absolutely no impression on people.
Stoked I believe is the word! I just got hooked 4 coachella artist passes from mate in a pretty prominent UK band! #desertparty!
I'm so happy to have gotten away from stupid people!!!
Lovely! You might give it a quick peek in Safari... Chrome seems really happy with it though :)
Is that niggas don't really care?
I want to win the Pretty Girl Glam giveaway on
I love Pastor is fantastic. Good word today!
Just signed Miss Molly up for Kindergarten. Let's hope the Zen Dog Training Folk can help us teach her some manners!
this is when i quit FB and just replace it with twitter. a phenom noted by my students as well.
my phone is broken ;-( ill DM you ??? :-D imuuuu .
It seems that our economy is based on a perpetual bubble that expands and implodes just like a star. AstroEconomics
Our Hero went for 5 points, 4 rebounds, 3 assists and a steal v. MSU, but even he couldn't keep Rob Wilson from throwing the game away.
hey, nuthin says sexxy like a Lady, not a Lady thinkin Dude!
We have over 250 followers in the first week! Thanks for following.
I got 2 quick
You think Michael Showalter is still popular enough to be a draw? Is he funny without Michael Ian Black?
our evals are not used for firing, but they figure in our tenure review process… at least the term average does
Boot Camp whooped my ass!
haha. Not quite. Look at the search.
Thank you, Scott. I really appreciate your kind words.
Did I text ppl back???
Ander Monson seems to like hyperlinks. & the word “rock.” & feels as though he mightn’t exist. See him at the Poetry Off the Page symposium!
have u seen company man. i saw about a minute of it but im dvring it today. weaver was hilarious w the "terrorist"
vampire diaries rocks! man i wish i was in that show! i really wanna act!
Awesome News!
If only the food were as good...
Lazy day.
Cool Yet Welcoming.Ideal Location+ Easy Access To Other Parts of Town2178 Brdwy77St212.3621100
Ha. Um. Probably not.
Word on the street is that you're hilarious! Looking forward to seeing your improv troupe's show this Friday. Holla!
(I'd be tempted to retweet the DIY indexing how-to article, but I've seen way too many bad indexes over the years.)
you fell off the face of twitter.
Yes, because racism only exists in the US. can't begin to understand this situation.Absolutely ridiculous.
good win,at some point, I will see the trophy drive right by my house on I65N on its way back to the NCAA HQ,prob in 2014 or so
well i guess
They Food Make Ya Bite Ya Fingers!
Last night's debate wasn't any fun without your tweets.
Not a fan of the Foo Fighters! loves them!
#RT If you can roll your tongue.
Had a cat who would kill squirrel and clean the liver, kidney, etc and then leave the tasty morsels on my pillow.
Looks like the seasonal vegetable sandwich? YUM - always a classic! Thanks for coming in!
What's all your take on the #NBA Playoffs?? Who will win it all?? Who will come up short?
it is. Wasn't this the -underlying issue -or at least 1 of them-that let Gray defeat Fenty?
LSU WOMENS LAX INTEREST MEETING: TONIGHT IN THE UNION @ 7. Front entrance, second floor. BRING FRIENDS.
Mellow, very mellow. Nice for a change!
your narration on Frozen Planet is top notch. Blows Morgan Freeman away.
looking forward to the show!
Why do girls wear UGGs with pencil skirts? Either you're hot or cold...pick one.
MATT CAPPS (as said in Matt Damon voice from Team America: World Police)
the guy who teamed up with michael and called you a sex addict in the back Cardona's room ;D
I love when my dad makes me breakfast
Harrison ford still looks so bad ass, what is e like 90 something
Yes mine too. Went down hill after 5
Quote of the day: Management is doing things right; #leadership is doing the right things
Tough look for anyone to pull off really.
We're young wild & free
Swordspoint! One of the few books I've managed to unpack since moving in a year ago. Due for a reread!
Ok...I'm in! RT : Fact: You are 52 MILLION TIMES more likely to pick the Mega Millions #'s than have a perfect bracket.
Springsteen performing at this year's Grammys! Now there's a reason to watch.
Folks already lining outside of to catch Looking to be a good show tonight.
i have to get redy for school
Today is the day.. LBSB12
Kid in my class just got busted with that loud. Lmaooo.
The Deficit that lies within...lovingkindnesswc.org/?p=1148
are you mocking me? Lol
I haven't ordered a new #book for myself in so long! It's fun to open them in the mail. #reading tonight!
I don't shit from shit when it comes to twitter but I know when u figure it out you'll blow it up!! Yeeeeeow
“: We're used to it. LOL RT : Congrats and ” You cocky bitch...lol
before I pulled my hamstring and broke my butt I ran 400, 4x4 sometimes 100, and I Long Jumped!
Chris Volstad is garbage. Please bring up Travis Wood.
welcome to portland.
The murmuration sounds so wonderful!
lets just move to pdx don't think anyone would notice so you??
lol yes it did. Sparky was attacking my phone when he heard kendall lol
Amy Poehler, too.
impressive. They're def playing hard. Getting lots from rookie C. Lots of rain here though....
TEDxWDC was the best day of knowledge, ideas, business, art, collaboration creativity, and growth. Kudos. Many Kudos.
and were are you going
#doggumentary ny livin right here snoop
So no downloading Locksley?
aww ok then...
its true
Can you help me select a manual hand pump for my Franklin Electric well pump & controller for power outages?
#FF Teacher Appreciation Week Edition:
idk yet I'm not on campus
Follow Me Please!? 30
“: We are not retreating - we are advancing in another direction. Hahaha” Lol.
thanks for the RT!
God, I love One movie down, and one more to go- such a great night of quiet me time
Will hopefully finish up retouching photos from my sisters wedding today!!!
that should be next Thursday.
word. Good luck! Attractions? Entertainment? Top secret do the damn thang kind of business?
a week from today, I will be whipping into shape!
ill be back around 9
Birthday today..im so old
#lib10steps content audit and google analytic can be very useful
Nice to see that the Ethiopians' Leonard Dillan was included in the Memoriam segment of the Grammy's last night... respect!
I wish I had an excuse to take a nap right now.
that's a sweet combo.
Texas holdem poker tables. Up to 75% off! www.eproducts4less.biz
What are you trying to say? How else can you know if your beer is as cold as the Rockies?
aye, gettinn' that $$$$$$. How did that hotel party go?
Idk how long it's gonna take me to tell you the truth.
thanks for capturing my happy moment
Ha! I am following you! The pain train has come into the station.
I don't pray at all, but tonight I did for one person. Hope the man upstairs hears me...
The godfather theme works better, because you're a stud.
Must win! get the w tonight guys, wish i could go tonight.
A Prius joke. A bit offensive.
Come get it
worried about nothing. Told you the Yankees had it in the bag.
get um boy
its now day 5 of tribeca film festival and many good movies
Read, read, read. Do, do, do. ~ Louis L'Amour
Had a good time in Ireland researching the Irish Ancestry Group Tour I am putting together.
Hey Niall (: Good morning from U.S <U+263A>
same its all com so fast. Like I was the one saying I was going to miss seniors now its my time. You're next! :)
NO! Is The Shit! Follow Her And Subscribe To Her Youtube! And If You Don't! Eat A Dick With Hotsauce. Cool? k.
this just in: both and I received solo exhibitions at the Winchester Gallery for the 2012-2013 season!
It's Harbor Day !
She really knows how to make my day go from good to bad . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I love
What theme do you think our next Reel Inspiration article should be at #ArticianMag ?
We'll have to link up again one day!
Another foul?! Unbelievable. Hey refs, feel like calling anything against Lebron?
maybe this weekend you can babysit Blake with me !!!!!!
This summer she'll be studying for boards!! Our future DR in the making!!
NEVER stop dreaming and more important never stop living
he is coming to Magic Springs.
I'm gonna catch way more bigger fish than you this Saturday at the porter Wagner deal!
Cole Roofing is searching for an Estimating Administration person. Job description yet to be fully developed... Lead management, lead foll…
I suspect that this is his defense mechanism not to deal with life. And to think that I gave him my heart and soul. Unllike him--I have
Every few weeks I get a call from someone speaking fluent Spanish to me -_-
Made it to Panera and after circling the place a few times, finally found a seat...we're enjoying their power and internet now until close!
I know it was hot!
If a cluttered desk is the sign of a cluttered mind, what is the significance of a clean desk
#SOLIDARITY! I once lived in Nottingham! NO cuts! NO #austerity. Austerity for ALL or NO ONE.
Remember when Sam noticed me like 6 times and dm'd me... That was a good day:$
Thanks, Pam! Did you try it out? Hope you had a fun at the game!
thank you for the
Hey girls!
- Thanks for the shoutout!!
So far 2012 is 50% good & 50% not so good. Guess everything is in balance.
at my school it is..we do nothing all day!
when do we get to see you for dinner?
and I are at boss level. Fuck with us.
. take mondays off, for a start.
every customer is a reporter
Hey , thanks for spreading the word about our VISTA position! We just extended the deadline until 5/14.
Got into town? Where yall staying?
can't wait to arrive in Dayton OH in a few days...hope to interview my elder family members
Anything that you want to be considered good at MUST involve every ounce of time you have
week 5 of 9 in running plan, things are about to real tomorrow and fast, i hope i can actually do it. :/
Throwing our hands in the air cuz we true playas
It feels weird knowing what Liam and Louis will be doing tonight
Heading to Key West to escape the summer heat in Baltimore...
NICHOLAS MEGALIS THURSDAY AUGUST 27TH AT THE CAMBRIDGE HOUSE OF BLUES CLEVELAND ONLY $5 9PM
eff you dude, he didn't touch the kids and he did report it to those above him, he doesn't deserve death you sick assbag
I'm happy
you sound sad! Hope all is well.
Schiphol! Just flew from there last Wednesday.
shawty you a ten!....minus 9
- wants to join us in SEA tomorrow night, but her Android may be out of date. Can you confirm? Cc
I miss California car washes...
- thanks for the recommendation.
SURE BABE I CAN HELP YOU CALL THE GM OF CHOP SHOP RADIO AT 2107846094 ASK FOR JENNIFER N SHE WILL SET IT UP FOR ME.
Social Video Messaging. What does it mean to you? Tweet us your thoughts!
One of those nights ha! Lol
MB is going to be on 106 and park again *falls on floor and rolls*
Love it!! Once we have our team confirmed, I'll sign us up!
What is Lebron doing with his facial hair exactly? Anyone?
lol long day?
A Fresh Fruit Bowl @ Firehook Bakery is amazing! We serve the freshest seasonal fruit salad possible!
Lake Michigan > Los Angeles Lakers
is wising you and your family a very Tailgate christmas! :)
Woke up with a slight sore throat the day of prom? Wtf is this
I'm doing research & need some material from some old Manila Chronicle, does the museum handle this?
The Blue Ridge should be renamed to the Green Ridge this time of year. It is awash in brilliant emerald colors highlighting each rise.
I hate you and your boubou.
i say you take a pic of it and post it :-)
you should have married weezy girl! :)
You ask me!
Well you should put your logo on everything as a watermark. Then nobody can take it. RT LOL!!! thanks :D
How are you?
The Advocates trivia has ben canceled for this evening!
havent been on twitter for a min... thanx bro glad u like it... the one im working on now is BONKERS!.... ADD DJ to my resume
that is the BEST tweet of the year... that's wonderful news!
Davey Trees folks suggest that city evaluated bids incorrectly. Say city so reexamine using different metric.
The kids and parents in Toddlers & Tiaras like being on it. But it's so clear the periphery people like "coaches" are PUMPED to be on.
Play Champagne & Chickenheadz
have u checked out our website? since you're on twitter & not working, check it out. we promise not to tell your boss www.epicureangroup.net
Eyes are tearing like a mofo..where's the summer at?
the site recommends doing them on your knuckles if you have wrist probs. That seems pretty hardcord to me!
Reason # 3,720 to 1 to listen to Raddcast. Because listening to Raddcast is allot easier than successfully navigating asteroid field
I see your PDA in the metro and raise people lying vertical groping each other on every piece of grass at my univ
Andy Geiger in at UWM, huh? I wanted bold...that certainly fits the bill.
I miss you baby!
"Make decisions from the heart & use your head to make it work."
Our pleasure! We are glad to help.
what's wrong kid?
My next book to read- Leaving Microsoft to Change the World come to room 352 to hear more about corporate social responsibility.
O God, though art the true, eternal, blessed, unchangeable light of all time & space. To Thee is due praise & adoration. Beethoven
RT : BREAKING: "The Count" from Sesame Street just endorsed Herman Cain.
Come at me bro!!! Fight in an Art Class at Byron Bergen, kid has his head split open... kids apparently just don't like each other.
yes, I'm hoping so! I miss you ptilley!
You are very welcome! Glad it's useful to you.
Chris Lively performance tonight!
Your so ugly they gave you candy to get OUT the van lol aint i just a jokester<3
"Feelings are mentionable and manageable." Fred Rogers, for the win.
My brother calls it a "Luigi board."
Chocolate banana mousse cake on now at Lotties Lounge.
I miss MJ and AI being in the NBA. It's mad boring now.
Others have tweeted hist. events, such as 150th anniv. of civil war. Dont know who'd do it but it would be great to follow 2/2
Having p.e 6 period hot af = everyone seats and do nothing.
whatever chick stuff xD hahaahaha I got one of my own thx ;) wat do u need a dick for? xD
You'll see... How far is it from Scope?
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
GAB calls recall for Four Senators, three will face special elections.
Merry Christmas Everybodii #A.$.$.B.H.H
It would prolly save you a few seconds RT : nope just a haircut. I should shave myself completely for your big 5k!
#schoolmemories Being bad when a sub is there.
Laura is a saint! Michele laughs at how serious we are in the LODs
I wish I could tell you why... But that's not twitter material.
OH GIRLS JUST WANNA HAVE FUN!
Good morning to all the veterans, past and present. May. God bless you
c'mon! I'm on a winning streak, so you have to!!
#itsneveragoodtimefor a slow internet connection
Hey guys I just saw you retweeted my song!!! Thank you so much!!! If you need anything from let me know!! Send your links !!
those are your favs
Need a #BieberFix right about now... Biebs, U Creepin'?
Happy Happy Birthday to you!!
Organizing end of the semester materials for my classes.
I'm on some new ish i show these dog ho's how to do tricks.
You could totally pull a terrible April fool's prank with this one... Oh what a terrible thought. "Asteroid to impact earth!"
when ignorance becomes a bliss it knows no bound
Woops, meant "hope you enjoyed!" (no ? mark) haha
like my new background ??????
Having my very own Doctor Who marathon courtesy of Netflix!
wow, but yeah fir some reason.. Not surprised
Do I need to beat up someone for you?
"Yes, master." there's a nice ring to that.
glad to hear i'm not the only adult addicted to gummies. calcium, multi, D and C. only way i can pull off reg vitamin intake
Why the heck is Piers Morgan doing #CNN election analysis?!!
I just want to be happy
The plane just landed and will probably take a while to deboard
Great visit with my colleagues. Thanks for having me present to your chapter on Core Competencies!
So that's what a chesterfield is - thanks
Day 1 of our strategic planning retreat! Brainstorming more ways to bring revitalization + arts to #Anacostia. Wish us luck!
/ had trouble with her registration so I'm bringing all our receipts in case. See you soon!
RT : You have to be self-ish enough to take care of yourself & selfless enough to contribute to the world.
Thanks so much! We're really proud of it! stop into the Merchandise Pavilion and pick up a hard copy! ;)
awe. Sorry maybe next time u can come
it is embarrassing. Loo
We do record them. That is something we have talked about. What would seem like a fair "nominal fee?"
Best of all (including packing) for this weekend! Between heat and rain everything perfect.
Its official - the first ever CSUN reception at AERA! (not counting the margarita-fest in San Diego a couple of years ago)
I'm giving new meaning to labor day. And judging by the number of email responses I've had today, I am not alone.
Day drinking and all-American BBQ'ing today in downtown Copenhagen for my 21st birthday? I think I'm doing this right.
Figured out two songs on bass guitar tonight.
the one wonder movement is meant to inspire ...
is a ghetto baby >:L
Hopefully ! I really want to !
..Ronnie needs to get ready for the ride of his life tonight....its on!!!
i fucking love when
Attn: All men: Please PLEASE stop wearing bandanas! We get it. You're balding. Don't make it worse.
the closer to modern the more it looks like secondlife, & inaccuracies distract from the storyline for more than just experts
Our schools are part of the elder PIM!!
Gobo, Mokey, Wembley, Boober and Red are the names of characters in what 1980's TV program? Reply and you could win GG Shower Cleaner!
who would win a Chihuahua or a Pitt-bull?
only sophisticated ones
Had a fantastic time watching/discussing Miss Representation at tonight. Thanks for coming !
start your engines
I cut my hair and I haven't cried yet. This is a good sign.
Oh yeah and our tightend, the one that's 6'10 he just got back from Afghanistan so yeah, im taking bets
So I ride I lean I crawl do it better than them all.
I'm heartbroken again I can't deal with all of the stress and tears. I'm going to take my life. Plain and simple..
"In character, in manner, in style, in all things, the supreme excellence is simplicity." -Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Rates look there going to hold under 5% next week.
I'm ready for an easy dialogue or two. One that helps me feel good about myself rather than one that expects I'll only absorb the badness.
We are in the final weeks of performances! Only 8 shows left!
I just need to turn off all of my electronics for a little while.
A table, a chair, a bowl of fruit and a violin; what else does a man need to be happy? Albert Einstein
Just left Erica O'Rear's wedding, long frive home on a Sunday night, but it was good to go.
Come rock out after the game across from #Fenway at Who's On First #boston on Saturday!
Just met a charming professional head hunter while waiting to board my flight. I gave her my bosses name to find him a job.
you are serious? How did you find out? Can we stop it?
#GOP Superpak to cut Medicaid, Meals on Wheels, & other social program but keep our troops in a losing war! Pay attention ppl
you still around bro?
Anybody trying to use the coupon code for tomorrow's class- please try again! I fixed the glitch holding the system up- sorry about that!
me please :)
Is there partial credit? Meaning: I'm an idiot and know I'm going to get this wrong so I need to kiss ass and ask questions for attention
At my first job.... Not really feeling good....but I'm gonna make it...TYJ
shout out to Jon for getting the word out on this insightful study.
you're our ambassador of kwon Ray. For the record, this will be the second time I make a jerry maguire ref. around you.
Totally doing this the next time I see you. Soon?
Dancing shoes! #lovethissong <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
do you like touring & meeting fans? What is your favorite part of touring?
lowkey i might just hit that up this week..hell, maybe on my break today!!
Looking forward to hanging out with today. Enjoyable conversation and delicious food in my near future!
#OWIF: The housesitter ETA: 9pm. I plan to gain his trust then light the M80s in the Buggymelon I hid under his bed when he falls asleep.
"If people try to pull you down, don't even worry. You should be proud cos it only confirms that you are above them"
Happy healthy and cookie appreciated
Today feels so long.
Thanks, , for being so reliably customer-friendly!
Dope is on bullshit. Always playin cut throat
#EricClapton's "River of Tears" makes me cry every time!
I wana intern for Arkaik on Warped! how can I do this?!?!
hells yeah gunna be sum streaking
you're hotter than the suna, I wanna pull em clothes off your body like a banana
These workouts are kicking my ass but i feel AMAZING
Defending Marriage (Holy Matrimony) is one thing but denial of rights to people that love each other is wrong.
People are so lucky , that I have high patience .
just realized tomorrow is april fools day. o______0
so sad that the young see violence as a way of life -- glorified by The Media
Not sure how much longer I can go w/out a laptop cord! :( times 10 :(
Been reading a doom & gloom article on ad spending. What's up with that? We are booming and so are our clients. Smart marketing = Success
Love is like two people pulling a rubber band. If one let it go, it hurts so much on who held on.
Road trip, yeah baby.
I want pussy RT : I want Domino's.
Best moment of the debate was when Ron Paul challenged the others to a 25-mile bike ride in Texas.
It's time to #bringbacksoftball to the Olympics!!
I packed all my cold weather clothes away but now I have to get them back out
I love you daughter and boo. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Many are skinning and grinning when you call them a ni*ga/er but many of those same ones are ready to fight if you call them African. Why?
fml, really :(? Well lemme think of another one.
Allergies are actin up
Credit to for bringing #Nordecke Beastie Boys "Goals" chant back in 2010. Classic
Our specialty foods section is growing everyday! Come check out our truffle oils and salt that arrived today!
How much knowledge held in head in 1986? 75%. number in 2008? 8-10%. too many other places we can access info quickly.
have you been to The Southern yet? Their fried chicken is the she-it.
checking out www.twitter.com
How quickly can you down your #Tampico20oz? Uno! Dos! Tres! GO!
i'd love to see the data that tv manufacturers are looking at to build out 3D TVs, just Avatar and Up? IMO an excuse to charge $2k+ again
": money is my hobby. in my spare time I count cash....my sleep signs are.$$$$$$$$$$$$" lmao finally famous in stores now coach
Im the punisher. No your the douchebag. -John Howard
Brad Paisley! We're both from West Virginia!!
Tolerance? You're so demanding.
Ask him to look me up at, also mentor.
#artsummit Lockie, storytelling right at the center of life.
my eyebrows are still red from when i got them done 5 hours ago... is that bad uhh
There are two post-movie scenes in the credits. Stay for both!
Making the biggest decision of my life
Naw if they lose the series then its gonna be a real bad!
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
MY MINDS TELLIN ME NO, BUT MY BODAY, MY BODAYS TELLIN ME YES
Glad you like RC Trackpad. If you have any issues please contact us at
What is Casper's favorite sticky treat?
I'm watching!
biology tutoring in 20 minutes...*sighs*
“: lol what? is jordan in trouble?!” uhmm well we aren't together any more, but that's not about him lol
God blessed us with Fall weather today! Thank you!
Get 'em Rick
I don't!
The crack one. :)
going to indy this weekend for a wedding, first & only wedding of the year! what a change from last year.
There's plenty more fish in the ceiling
Posted by a friend: " is the spittin' image of the creepy Chucky doll from the Chucky horror movies."
this is excellent, but... the video is deeply disturbing ...
I hate being hot when I sleep.
thank you!
It took me 1 minute to get over you being home.
No swim last night due to wet basement, hail, flooded neighborhood. Need a re-do!
LOL okay but take comfort knowing #USC peeps no longer have to wait for their Metro station.
please follow me and shout out!!! i like your movies very much
I got to Oklahoma after the heavy storms.
Stevi can i get a RT for having the same b day as you
Did you see it?
Tampa news: Ben Hill is named CBS Radio SVP/Market Manager, while Jayde Donovan takes mornings at Cox Top 40 WPOI (Hot 101.5).
what are those brown ball thingys?? eggs?
Mouthin off again. i knew it.
Looks like we had the exact same college experience at UNT. Ever live in the music dorm to end all music dorms, Bruce Hall?
how are you Miss Sassafrass?
Really CVS? Do you have enough fiber one bars? I want a snack not flatulence at the library
Wow. That is very very cool, sir!
Phone lines are open. Call in now and be the first on the air tonight! 317-736-0950
hello from SoCal. Thanks for following.
just a test tweet
Damn cant believe u lost today. I was expecting u to go 162-0! I guess u cant win them all. Tough loss today & great start this season
Take your chances path your way and believe in your actions opens the door to a new life
yay!!! I can't sleep well tonight!
vlogging is a totally different medium for expression. The written word can have interpretation by the reader video doesn't
something tells me there is a pile of basted up mic ultra bottles in yair gairage
Been listening to .'s starred songs on Spotify today. And passing hardcore judgement.
I don't even really care bout <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080> but I kno I don't like the
okay! I will right now.
that is an interesting combo! I know you are influential about Austin and social media, was there a catagory for cartoons?
Any particular reason you split them up instead of doing all 3 at once?
such a quality presentation for business owners in our region. West liberty entrepreneur center small and family business progrm
Oops sorry I forgot that rule.
Hieber’s has a special PACIFIER to help you give MEDICATION to your INFANT. They will never even taste it! Call 412-681-6400
"The brain takes the shape of whatever the mind rests upon." Rick Hanson on the importance of observing our thoughts.
Christmas movies :D
when a sex seen come on when your watching tv with your mom <<<<<<<<<<
Glad to hear you had a wonderful night! How are you keeping yourself occupied on this rainy day?
I Wish My Dad Would Get Surgery On His Heart So He'll Get Better /:
Being happy doesn't mean everything is perfect. It mean you've decided to see beyond the imperfections.
*is starting over...*
try to keep me away :) see you later!! RT : will you be at welcome reception tonight?
Hans Zimmer's 'Inception' film score is a film score within a film score.
Idk just some normal human stuff like, tv, chores, ect.
tweetdeck pretty much replaced the twitter website for me.(:
I'm def not as hottie as Neko! But i've got a great personality Kort!
sitting in the menards parking lot doing homework as they continuously play the same gay jingle. no menards I wont 'save big money'..
Heading home, this craziness has gotten the best of me. I think I'm gonna sleep for 36 hours... See y'all later!
Picked up my Husky Card (student ID) today, a bit of a deja vu feeling.
About the time we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends. -Herbert Hoover
screw Piers. What is wrong with that guy? glad he's being replaced!
its the same as sayin whats up boo.. umm tryin to finish my plate..
ya'll went in!!!
I don't have any weed, but I have alcohol
you got it, you tricky dog!
did you cry? I would have cried!
great adventure today with :)
Hungry in the San Fernando valley. No food trucks in sight, but there are free HIV testing vans everywhere.
OMG, how many non-designers does it take to kern a D? Kind of ruins the home run if you ask me.
have you been to Arlington VA?????
/// Shaq is rapping "Kobe, tell me how my ass taste?" again in his mind right now.......
spoilt by the boyf again..I'm lucky :)
Has that damn satellite fell yet?
Can't wait till I order my Nike ID #49ERS later this month....
Oh how badly I want to go out tonight. The last two weekends were amazing!! I wanna dance and shake my booty again! Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
if deng goes he won't be ready for the bulls season. He needs surgery now. Forget going to the Olympics
Well thanks anyways haha
Jim Hilt: Being successful isn't about knowing it all. It's about getting started.
Word of the day: Gumption
What shall I do about the little spider busily making a web in my office window? Could keep down the flying insects...
Anonymity is the truest expression of altruism.
Listening to Spotify station and a children's story of Jack and the Beanstalk came on. What the heck?!
Congrats You get a big #Way2Go for today's accomplishment!!
On this day in 1775, Prince Hall became a Freemason. Happy Founders Day to all Prince Hall Affiliated Masons and Eastern Stars.
oh dang!!!! Someone sent me that said that someone was saying bad things about me. I hope my computer doesn't get hacked.
Some people to needs to mine there fucking business if they don't know what the fuck is going on
"this is a pie chart describing my favorite bars. this is a bar graph describing my favorite pies" - marshall eriksen best quote ever
LOVE it!!!
Back to hudson..
Hmm what shall I do today???!
Lmao making trades like y'all the NBA lol
is definitely one of my favorite shows.
aint no such things as halfway crooks
An Ant-Man movie might be coming in a couple of years, my nigga that's dope. He has a cool story.
no im a mahomie xD its a fan of the guy in my icon haha but im NOT him just a fan of him :)
anybody else think korver has a little teen wolf going on??
Will Middlebrooks ! #RedSox Is this kid for real?
It's getting to the point that I might wear a paper bag over my head when I'm watching the Sox in my own living room.
I know they would make so much money off of me lol
you are from Dallas?
I absently asked google "what should I get delivered to Dave's office?" and it wasn't able to give me a response. Stumped ya google
aw thank you so much :) can you follow me on instagram and twitter possibly ?
OK, I'm calling it - 2012 is the year of the banjo
RT Small Ideas can grow into major ideas. Lets make #ThinkStyleWorld.com a trending topic on
As stated by the instructor, there are really 159 days to Christmas.
eww, i know he gleeked all over me!
Had dinner with a friend I hadn't seen in a while...alot of fun!
haha I do yours
eek, I forgot to respond to this tweet! yes, it's pretty exciting where you are right now! I look forward to following along
Twitter keeps saying I already tweeted something that I didn't tweet at all.
I find tattoo artist to be hella sexy!!
this really gives me something to look forward to. So awesome.
Hyvee lies!! Theres not a helpful smile in every isle. I checked!!!
She aint more cut then me though
lol sass tonight?!?!?! And I still have to do some kind of stuff
Woot! MT : Vegas baby! Giveaway fun at #CES. Stay tuned to win, we’ll announce our 1st #secretpassword tomorrow.
nice job dude. 20 lbs. is no small feat.
This tweet can stand alone without referencing the first one! (Might come in handy in quite a few contexts.)
I also like the Philadelphia Story because the end MIGHT be the best record of how Katherine played Rosalind on Broadway.
I saw Roy today he looks so good ;))
Yay for difficult roommates!
Thanks for the rec to !
17 Minutes into class. I want to leave.
shit, i knew i was doin it wrong. we'll put him up for 80 and some boxed wine!
Yes, you are helping me brainstorm for a new project. How'd you guess?
get up
and the guy who said it would all be on the books is really the one doing "everything" off budget.
The most played song on my ipod; #calloutthedead 306 times
uhh, right? I think that gives me the excuse to go get a bottle of wine on my way home from work! See you guys on Friday!!
Sara - I just picked up a 22 oz. Stingy Jack Pumpkin at Market District Settler's Ridge. They had others by Lavery, too.
#ShituSeeOnTheGbus girls changing there babies shitty pampers
A Sveum groundout leads to 2 runs in the 6th. Brock scores and Deer then scores on an error by the pitcher. 7-5 Brewers!
Because you are synching your lips with the audio being played through the speakers?
Rockin the mic in Boston 3p to 7p- paying your bills and sending you and 9 friends to see Daughtry
if you were a grape you could grape people in the mouths
well I mean I got everything ready for tomorrow night except freaking earings lmao
About to hit the stage at Kung Fu Necktie!
I don't know nothin' 'bout birthing shadow babies.
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody. Now I see that I should have been more specific. ~ Jane Wagner
You inspired me, I listened to the same! Also, I just learned 2 weeks ago that it's Streisand, not Streisland. Go fobbiness! :P
Happy earth day! :-) let us not forget to give back to mother earth.
adele" let fire 2 d rain"
#PeopleNeedToStop wearing sandals, when their feet ashy your sandals turn white
Spent my lunch hour in a still active Border's. Probably one of the most frustrating and sad things I've done in a long while.
correction WEAR pants not Shorts if you don't want ladies on you!
Take a break from watching the EPL. You deserve it.
First bar on cover your bases bar crawl first playing of Call Me, Maybe.
Yo bitch unattractive
that place good? I work right across from it
Q. Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? A. He didn't have the guts too
I will say this if I ever had the Korean Zombie on my team during a ZA, our chances of survival are pretty good
I saw a rough of what Lorenzo did to the footage... Looks dope!
Hermeto Pascual at Napa Valley Opera House and ADRIAN AREAS LATIN JAZZ ENSEMBLE @ CASA SANCHEZ SF + SJJAZZ Friday series TONIGHT
Awesome experience here at #DriscollsMoments amazing tastings...having a blast!
fuck. all stars at the palladuim? i can see the riots already like sbsowhat last year
As pointed out by , Jerry Reese doesn't just ignore #Giants' needs. RB was greater need than WR, even with Hill there.
I'm about to turn off the TV turn up my tunes and clean my room I have clothes everywhere!!!
ta ai?
With the first pick of the 2013 NFL Draft, the Miami Dolphins select ........
I guess the end for me was near 2001 or 2002, when I discovered Wilco just as a spate of anti-woman hits swept alt-rock.
Who's enjoying all that heat and humidity? Hydrate, please.
It was great to hear your perspective at the Times Talk! Thanks for all your hard work. Your pieces are some of my favorites!
yea, i puked at the Benedum... thats a classy establishment.
Cool. Wanna meet up somewhere before we head out? Which ghost town did we decide on?
“: Who are you to tell me to stop smoking?”
The land of. Get ready. RT : BEER
You're def bringing BACK great times and memories!!!! ;-)
And boy, are you tall!
get better we love You(:
Thanks for my copy of w/ great & grabby headlines! Taking heart that "there is always room for print"
A child develops individuality long before he develops taste. I have seen my kid straggle into the kitchen in the morning with o
Stop texting in church! Lol
it feels like Friday
"A sound heart is the life of the flesh: but envy the rottenness of the bones." Proverbs 14:30
Learn more about Karen and why she feels that sleeping is a waste of time below
You'd better embrace change or you're going to be left behind, and that applies to almost everything.
Haha! I'm surprised you like it so much, but glad. This experience taught me that I'm not likely to write romance. :)
Key Committee will be playing the TN State Fair on Sept. 15th! Come on out and get yerself a corndog!!
The underatted strategy to make your affiliate marketing effort go boom /?p=503
Class of 2012 it's not to late to take your Senior Portraits. Contact us at to book your session today!!!
DM what i said i forgot lol
FannieMae CEO resigns
Hello everyone!
Really missing my baby girl.
It's famous ppl day @ Oaks Gourmet. I just accidentally cut in front of Colin Hanks in the bathroom line.
I Always Fall For It When Says "They Looking For You"
Thanks for the mention! Yes, is a really good-looking #django site. It's cool how it's several blogs & looks like 1.
Library fact of the day: there are more public libraries than McDonald's in the U.S. - over 16,540 branches!
Kendra, I like your logic! Done!
So...how was the hockey...?
. Thank you for cosponsoring HR 1172, the Medicare #LungCancer Early Detection Promotion Act. Finding it early is key!
That's good, you'll get your energy up when it's quittin time :) RT : doing good, kind of tired this morning but TGIF
Laying on fingernail polish is not good...
Dont really look back at my ex's. Some things just look better in the trash.
Sounds like a plan. at 12:30!
hahahaha omgg im obsessed i want to marry chuck bass asap
"If i die, I still wanna be me."
That was awesome of Cal to call in. Celebration today should be wild. Thanks
I don't believe it! what's happened about the 4C? or is this a temporary aberration?
Well, that print job was a massive disaster. Covered in ink and failure. But we're learning something new. And so it goes.
Good morning, Missouri!
let's make a toast to , its on us!
you got it!
ryno natural born leader. knows what it means 2 be a cub. deserves chance. cubs r dropping the ball BARTMAN STYLE!
See y'all in the A.M ya hurd
Haha! I like your idea of a beach read.
thanks! And I agree, , , is a near perfect line of succession
Game Day for #SportingKC and we will be there to cheer them to victory.
rofl...I can to.
gibbons and the sluts ARE about to take the stage at for the screenprint social
If all you are going to do is complain you can leave my office right now
Due to excessive heat, lunch today at Business Costco 222 MLK 89106 will be from 11am - 1pm!! See you there!!
I'm so ready to grind like crazy this summer, i want to reach my full potential n make my fam proud of me n giv them the things they deserve
Reduce Inventory, Triple Your Profits! With the AnaJet digital garment printer Learn how
If you don't know me you think I'm quite if you really know me you think I'm loud
aw dats cooll mine is purple lol and i love playing basket ball u?
yea thats a long time for the E channel lol!
Good, wise reasoning. I WONT TELL A SOUL
Could Washington get any more corrupt and screwed up? Repubs? Dems? It doesn't seem to matter - crony capitalism. Bah!
Is there a plugin that would block VB bags from reality? : Is there a plug-in that would block Vera Bradley bags from shopping sites?
everything is everything! Getting spring/summer tee line up ready!
Nerdily excited about using HTML5 and CSS3 and my job.
okay! will also help us ;) x talk to you tonight
Go VOTE!
Came up again today: #JMS May grads, don't go into a job interview without knowing your the salary you need to make ends meet.
#ThingsBlackFolksGetArrestedFor not giving uncle sam his cut .... S/o Wesley snipes
Damn where my boyfriend at why he don't call nobody to let us know he got in safe ..
Damn Moscow? Have a safe long ass flight homie. GOD bless
What a great website, Now if I could only convince the MRS that I really need a set of Mono Block Amps for my vinyl cave.
are you looking for massage therapist at Kent location?
follow me! and tweet to me! please :-) 143
Haha! Most certainly!
Brian Schneider is my new favorite Phillie. He sent Kevin a bunch of stuff and a personal note. Class act.
Watch Ancient Aliens it's the best show.
the new album is fucking BRUTAL!!!!!
haha you got it
Love was just a word before u gave it meaning.
Thoughts: 3- Tried the steak sandwich thanks to , and I wasn't disappointed. A great buy. Maybe next will be the parfait..
well that's okay, Aubrie, I appreciate your follow anyhow...best of success to you & your writing!
niece's t-ball game <3
I hate it when your sick....... :( Hate i just hate it when im sick
I've gotta do that today too. Need a self-cleaning one.
if you have to choose between me and her, pick her. because if you really loved me? there wouldn't be a choice.
lol I hate it tho, there so up tight about everything.
Wishes he was that lucky.
Oomnffgg i can't explaiinn how excited i am for tonight!!!!!!!!!!!! Lmfao, i already feel the tears coming
And Just like that, I'm sad again.
*That dont take care of their hygiene
#confession I love a boy who can make me laugh.
Bad couple of weeks with Levon and MCA passing. Truly some gifted souls
one of my clients out here in san diego. U want his contact info fam?? whatever I can do to help!!! #pakmanis4thepeople~
“: my hometown.” come visit me soon!
Great seeing you play for the past 16 seasons. Someone who played the game the correct way!
don't you hate it when people interrupt you mid-sentence? and when you do get to finish, they get the point WRONG!
please get on more often, if you have time! We love you so much that you have no clue(: please follow me... We LOVE JASON
Just found out I'm having 'date night' with my daughter tonight! How cool!
I want you to have a good life...fortune has smiled on you...you are living in a social system that is failing...
Can I go with you? Pretty please:)
DRose missed 2 FTs and 2 last-second shots, all of which could've won the game. If it was , the media would be KILLING him.
Oh my god, that is ridiculous looking! On the other hand, probably lighter than my current set-up.
I know I'm a bitch, you don't gotta tell me..
Salty. RT Congrats to City for consistency over the course of the EPL. But get back to me when you're closer to 19.
Tentative opening for Boca is June 12th!!!! Hopefully all goes well & we'll see you all then!
Haha not sure how that relates but okay!
Hun, that ain't no ingrown hurr, that herpes. Go get you some Valtrex okurrr!
M! McDonald's breakfast!
Places with enough plugs. Still too much to ask for in 2012?
#quitmyjob I can dip dip dippity dip dip all I want!
REALLY?! Count Fagula has not one but TWO fans blowing on him!!!
Jon Ippolito: making copies essential - few copies of material in Library of Alexandria when it burned down, much was lost
Found a last minute summer subleaser a couple days ago through my roommate, and then today the girl had to back out.
Where is YOUR response to Paul Bigot on "troubling enough" charges filed against Zimmerman...come on why silence?
Many experts recommend the use of an insect growth regulator when it comes to fleas-see you Vet for more info.
idk but i luv what u do
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you get mad at little things they do Wrong
im pretty good at this stuff huh? (;
The #WorkplacePayoff. Locally harvested Ca$h for you. Just listen for your cue to call every hour 9a-5p today.
Grading AP US history homework
Seems like so many people are checking out Klout right now...
That's why I usually leave before I'm left.
LEIGHTON SEEMS LIKE THE CUTEST GUY EVER OMG
Dear , if you don't come out tomorrow... You will be as lame as kurtis and trey were missing Saturday....
that's happened to me a couple times. I'm look no don't wish motherhood on me.
watching the and interview on my phone with headhones on cracking up w/my sis looking at me like im insane
#tamw you are obsessed with certain smells
SO KILLER- did the challenge a few years ago
most of my drawings are messes, so I have an insight to when my friends have occasional ones.
New study.. Teenage distracted drivers: Teens drivers at a 44% higher risk of auto accidents when another teen is in the car with them
Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack
"The strength of the group is the strength of the leaders."
Amen, sir!
Hm don't recall this
talking Heat v Knicks. Teaching a lesson to all these grievers. Sprinkled in with some #Marlins talk. Fish with 6 game streak.
“: Akiyama looks like the orange I had with breakfast. Awkward.”. #UFC144 spray tan!!!!
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.
crushing on Digication.com
#truth #preach ": . 's #boyfriend < NSYNC's #Girlfriend. It had to be said. Know your pop history."
The Swing Salsa Tango Party Is Back! 1st Friday of Every Month - 9pm-1am @ The Hemingway Gallery - 103 West 19th Kansas City Missouri
riding bike half-way to the airport for a house party was not a wise choice
Meeting Jonathan Prince tonight!
Jesus Manuel y su Orchestra tonight at Downtown 28 in Ft. Lauderdale.
I think I've hit my saturation point
let's go FLYNN
awkward..but thanks i think! oh and i saw your convo with El and thank you for callin me amazing hehe <33
20 miles from Cleveland...can u leave 2 tix at will call for my hot wife and I for the induction ceremony?
I would say so!
Texans at noon! No more needs to be said.
going through the various stages of grieving re: performance, conditions, etc. Think I've settled on PISSED OFF. Rough day. Ugh.
What should I cook tonight????
Hi I saw on that we're both checked-in @ SMW - AOL Ventures so I thought I'd say hello!
no invite? maybe next year
thanks for listening :-)
Birthplace of the blues
oh! Lol, How much were they?
#PrayForClaire Please, she's really sick.. :/
Fuck These Posts ! Until She Stop Doing Shit That Make Me Mad Then We Aint Talking AT ALL !
I think I once mixed Fruity Pebbles & beer in college once. As in, no milk, use beer. BAHAHA. :p
aye bruh did u ever get that beat that I sent to yur email?
Maybe I'm taking the First Amendment a little too seriously...
always turn up my mind every day with a song or just see a smile in a picture!!!!
Liverpool wins. Terps win. Can the Caps and Wiz make it a clean sweep?
Do you know which day?
good so stop spreading your propaganda and lies. Tell the truth. Be balanced and honest. Then I won't have to repeat the message!
RT : Learn to send updates via text from your phone to yr social accts in case voice communications are N/A >instructions? link?
This ya boy...I BEEN GONE BUT ITS FOR THE GOOD....!!!!
she's not the boss of me, I run me. I wanted to go to PCB
I don't have a criminal record for you to expunge, but law has always fascinated me. Thanks for the follow.
Anybody watch the SDUSD Board meeting 5/27? Are they confused and messed up? I say - yup! NEED A PLAN!
Rangers to host Game 6 viewing party at the Ziegfeld Theater. Adam Graves, Jay Wells and Glenn Anderson to be in attendance.
If you can't bite, don't show your teeth. -Yiddish Proverb
I'd guess our ETA to 15th and High to be at about 8:50am (8 min pace, mile 6 is exactly at Lane/High
Biked to "Bridge Club" tonight for day 25 of #30daysofbiking. [Note: we don't play bridge.] One less trip by car.
Took a long bike ride with Javi, oh, poor Javi. I almost had to take the truck back to pick him up, tee hee:)
thx for the mention
Joey Crawford is reffing this game. That explains a lot. HOW DOES HE STILL HAVE A JOB?!
AT&T launched an "enhanced" app iPad app for U-verse with extra content, remote control functionality, advanced search, recommendations and…
My ex won't even pick up to talk about the pick with me. Come on Cindy.
that's no surprise. who ever reads that type of thing more than once?
Just because you haven't reached ur ultimate goal in life don't get discourage bcuz when u activate your faith all is possible
I don't totally mind, since I love him anyway, but his career has taken some odd turns since Schindler's List.
We're doing a story on Groupon for tmrw's newscast on ABC5, and would like to intv you, you can email me
Relief washed over her like a jug of Gaterade over a winning coach.
#FF is proud to serve your 160K members - "the faces and voices that entertain and inform America and the world."
This season opener of the game is a little phony.
: Good morning world! Wishing everyone the best on their today's endeavors”
What increases circulation 225% for the month of September? School librarian supported reader's worshop!
...Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
out on a thursday....thats sad.
My partner designs most of our line. Stephanie Dyer designed the Topo Collection. She is a Portland designer.
Good morning!
Thanks Steve! xox
Will the Giants be Greenbay's first game next season as the 2012 season opener?
Thanks for the promotion
Listening to Pepe Romero play Concierto de Aranjuez over the loudspeaker backstage here Audience just went nuts.
There is some stuff out here I just shouldn't Google...
Brittany! Your card was way too touching..LOVE YOU!
Waxing or Threading?
oh gotcha. Well I work 5. An I just woke up hahha fail. But I will be over Friday!
I'm still in my pjs. -_-
First cup of coffee. AH!
Camron and Ross on Nicki album. Both had nice verses.
Anyone Wanna Call ? (: I'm Bored A'f..
Getting ready to enjoy a few cold beers...
Just give the game up lol
In January...
“: Hate travel days customs is the worst!!! <U+E416> I feel like I'm in Line for the top roller coaster...” haha
no we've been doing them for years, maybe y'all took them from us. I used the y'all in there for you Texas folk. :)
The #BFDailyWord is - multitudinous (adjective) (mul-tuh-TOO-duh-nus) - existing in or consisting of innumerable elements or aspects
Thanks for the #FF Can't wait to see Art Along the Hyphen!
lol. I take it you like rum.
Gonna go clean my room now k bye
Hey Alyssa - Want to invite you to Daughtry performance at MLB Fan Cave. Let me know if you're interested.
Party with DJ Miguel tonight and enjoy drink specials
haha. Giving him shit now about it.
I can't even imagine what project can be planned on chatroulette. More like performance art. That parkour thing has really got you.
for #SuperBowl commercial photography
This paper-writing intermission is brought to you by water & soap. We will return to the next chapter after the break.
… Is the same that great editors like #Aldus #Knopf #Gallimard #Einaudi #Barral did. That literature be a business.
Can you teach me about tommorrow And all the pain and sorrow Running free? -Hootie & The Blowfish, Time
Wow, just witnessed my first perfect game by Ryan #Humber sitting at the airport w , what an ending! That was close!
The weather is absolutely perfect! What are your plans for this lovely Thursday evening?
See the guy in the Atrium - he has a big stack of papers with the secret codes
Challenge accepted! (Pie) Happy Hour at the Blue Bonnet it is!
What date are you on? I'll give you their name
RT : Mrs. Carter praises board member/Georgia Health News founder Andy Miller 4 stories changing mental health in GA
Organizations have personalities as people do. #amigosplots (what do your orgs conversations convey? What is your orgs personality?)
im so happy Kentucky won playing Louisville <3
Life size cardboard cut-outs of celebrities: Awesome or creepy?
Happy #FF to and !
ok it is :) I will dm u the password & email :)
Hey twitter hows is everyone doing on this LOVELY day?
Happiest guys after 2012 #NFLdraft: players occupying roster spots 48-53 for Saints & Raiders. No one drafted by them is taking your job.
I hadn't...yet. Any fit differences between the 11s and 12s?
how bout that Tebow? Made history today!!!
Im never on this account i forgot about it! :/ and hes texted me twice now! Im dying. D:
I miss summer. Working full time kind of ruins it. But it is pretty awesome to take a vacation whenever! Best deals in October
I'm really sensitive. My feelings get hurt easy, but I don't show that shit.
Reading a letter from Donizetti to his publishers complaining about the piracy of his sheet music. Plus ça change, …
Just finishing up a productive day at the office!
yes sir, podcast will be ready 4u. Hope all's well!
Ha! I got you on the latter.. Let me know when you're around Marlins Park.. If you need tix, I can point you in rt direction: DM.
I'm sleeping. In class
you're welcome......remember peeing yourself just isn't as fun when you sober
thanks for the #followfriday mention!
hahaha yeah that's how i feel knowing taylor swift sells more songs than me.
Today at lunch I had mini toasties and mini chocolate ^.^
Swagger Like Us.
I did my video with and Die Go since we're all going to EECH.
yay!!! we have got to work together! :)
Morning! Hope you have a great day
Watermelon Festival today! See you in #CaryTown, #Richmond!
Matsi just learned how to howl watching A Man Among Wolves on #NatGeoWild :)
I agree. Moreover, they seem to be the only one of the three that hasnt BSed about their products
Not the worst piece of shit I've ever seen.
Hooray! Great news! I love the show.
good job bosses
but when are we releasing "Shame". That film SO deserves wider audience
What are you planning to do for Saint Patrick's Day?
lol really? its only 9:36 here! i hate those strict rules where you cant eat after 12 :p i dont have that.
you've got to get over here to Baltimore sometime
#NextHipHopHologram - Public Enemy and Anthrax
Congrats to #wcapitals for knocking out the #bruins. Best of luck in the
Just ordered my Hanwei Radaelli Italian Dueling Sabre for my historical fencing classes with -- So excited!! :)
- merry christmas to you and Ryan! Love you guys.
I successfully made pasta with shrimp garlic and vegetables and I only burned the bottom of the pan a little! Go me!
Welcome back! Your tweet made me smile: I played the piano for a performance of "Sweet Home Chicago" this week. :):)
Hey, thanks for following Beef's Cream. Hope u had a trip and Thanksgiving! I accidentally unfollowed u, now followed back. :)
“: Can someone #espn please tell me what Bryant Gumbel is writing #I need this information.” he is writing "I am grumpy"
Favorite band The Hypstrz will be on at 11 AM & I have a sales meeting. <shakes fist at sky> Hope it's archived. Need CC Rider.
I've added to the edtech list thanks!
Time to party!! NSU on our way!!!
That white girl with the tanning problem proves that white people came from black
I wish he would man up and quit letting the chumps in the front office give us garbage talent!
My damn back hurting
best throw in super bowl history. Period.
That feeling when you see a guy and just want to grab them and start making out with them like in the movies...
she looked like she just hoped righh outta bed & shtt
oh my freaking gosh. already?
but Michigan St lost 2 times this week. And I can't believe duke didn't move up a spot for getting housed by Carolina.
u didnt even wish me a happy bday
my room smells good
A lot of unspoken rules in our culture really don't make sense. Why follow them if you don't understand them?
Deportation can occur as a result of an immigrant being convicted of a criminal act; in lieu of incarceration
52 jurisdictions enforce antitrust laws in the U.S. That is each state plus FTC and DOJ. That makes for a lot of unpredictability
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
RT if your gonna go to the born this way ball
lol. yes, it's hard being one of two SF, PR, Digital junkies that follow CTIA and are rabid 49ers fans. NO ONE KNOWS OUR PAIN
I still struggle to make grade school lessons an afterthought, especially the beginning, middle and end part!
RT , , -Thanks for the suggestions on places to go in Milwaukee, we had an awesome time! via
I have no idea how to react to that. I think I'll just take a walk around the building.
Thank you so much Med! The same to you! :D
That depressing moment when you wake up in the best part of a dream
When people tell me about the ones I try to forget about<<<<<
HOLY FLURKING SCHNIT!!!! Why is He not singing the Anthem EVERY HOME GAME????
Whoo pig sooie! Go HOGS! They are calling the Hogs at the Cotton Bowl.
Fake people These days.
Me too- late November. haha
Next week, you may hear a new voice on the phone. Jeremy, our new Customer Sales Support Specialist, starts on Monday.
Not unimpressed w/ first stay @ #hyattplace, value chic. Good for quick biz trip!
dang i got alot of respect for that guy now
haha like Diego more but I wish this were true.
Classrooms around the world can meet with each other inexpensively using Visimeet, just download and go. You never know where you'll end up!
U BASTARD IMMA KICK UR ASS STAB U AND I WON'T BE DONE TOYING BITCH ASS NIGGA FAT ASS MAN BOON MANGINA BIITTCHHH!! OK
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
This reminds me of litho, toxic chemicals & being forced to breath in the vapors. 8 hrs to go. # OSHA
U have very sexy legs & feet lovely mami
Jumping in late, but I like Tangled and love Princess & the Frog—modern classic up there w/ Little Mermaid!
Seeking God for that woman's heart is a honor, when you truly understand how valuable a woman is that Love God. She's worth the journey.
The bio made me >
When one opportunity does not work out for you, prepare yourself for the next because when you are prepared eventually it will work...
So over being alone :{
I love waking up in the morning knowing my Spurs won & are looking to add more pieces in the future, that sets the tone in the NBA IMO.
Do you feel weird when underage girls flash you?
area of violence, poverty? Not a lot of other job opportunities for other family members?
Martin thinks that everyone in the city of Portland is ugly. He's also never gone out of downtown.
Hi Thanks for being a new follower and welcome to our twinning tweets!
RT Reminder to the #uppers: we're on at our new time of 8am || Only 5am Pacific!
Jerome Smalls from accepts corporate partner of the yr 4 donations to Dreamcatchers. Inspirational!
this guy
Love you<3 (:
hey liv!!!! yeah, finally on twitter! all is good! how are you?! im gonna be in DC for homecoming! are you gonna be around?!?!!
add me on the 3ds we can play multiplayer!
Full drunk tired: the sequel to eat pray love
Baby sitting today
Ha! That does hit pretty close to home.
: that is an incredible idea! I would totes do it too. Who doesnt need a genderbread card?
any thoughts on collaboration opps?
LEATHERMAN SPOT CONTEST :: Where can you find the TSA's rules for what is approved and not approved for carry-on tools/stuff?
Will post a pic of the ONESIE giveaway soon!
I haven't taken it yet. I'm taking it in prep tomorrow.
Speaking of which where is my weenie dog build-a-bear? I can't sleep without him :(
thank you!
quite a few cameras cranking here wow
I want to like the Truvia songs, but man I really want to rip my ears off when they come on.
The ladies r ready to get W.I.L.D. here !!
Lovely weather.
I love u too!!
Saw an advance screening of Jane Eyre last night. I don't think anyone involved had ever read Wide Sargasso Sea. Bah.
I think at should win MVP award.
With the win over Taylor, Point Park will play Friday at 4 p.m. ET vs. the winner of #1 Concordia (CA) vs. #5 Doane (NE).
Finished one project and on to another. It's a busy day. :D
OKC weak in the post.
So the Ravens are signing players left and right. Tommy Streeter is the last draft choice left
Just made the largest purchase of my life. Fitting 100th tweet.
I do not. I don't believe the motorcycle maintenance title is just a play on words, though.
this one is gonna be a big one $$
RT : The #Orioles' 10 road wins are tied with Texas for the most in the major leagues.
We thank everyone at Emblem Health for their continued support of #Books For Kids- We appreciate all that you do!
What about old movies disney films
when the moon hits your eyes like a big pizza pie you're on acid
DONT ASSUME WHAT U KNOW ABOUT PEOPLE THEY USUALLY TELL ON THEMSELVES IF U REALLY LISTEN. LIFE IS PEACEFUL CUZ I LIVE SUCKA FREE
only thing is for football you have to stay for 3 pm game Sunday
Finally made it in the game...FOR FREE!
I will speak of the glorious honour of thy majesty and thy wonderous works
Get your "With Everything" Album today for $10! Email me at
Thanks Donna, I just joined yesterday and am still figuring out how to use it! Appreciate your adding me -I'll do same!
Tonight on Charlie Rose: & Martin Amis discuss Christopher Hitchens.
gotta keep yo daughters off the pole & yo sons outta boystown
My biggest pet peeve is when people throw things at me.
I'll look into it... follow me back :]
I'm not very but I try haha..
Thanks, Jess! See you soon!
When your mom tries to dance infront of everyone <
The whiskeys are different. I think Bushmills is one, Jameson the other. Not sure which way it goes.
Its #gcp easy to see we all about that swhag, swhag!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net Kobe was the reason why the beat the but inconsistency helped to win
Thank You!
“: let's fucking go and win that shit!!!! #RidgeBaseball” get em boys
the bigger the boys, the bigger their toys.
thx for the RTs, Adam. hope all is well.
I WAS JUST TYPING FAST OK
It feels great delivering #videos to #clients!
Smile...Today is a new day!!!!
Thank you, Stephen! Happy weekend!
New book suggestion: The 1000 Year Old Diet: Get a Flat Belly and Dress Like a Peasant
Messy Miserable Hoes!!!
THERE YOU ARE
Getting colder! Currently it's 77F and Cloudy
It's finally cooling down in texas Can't wait to come home
OK, did you see that Sealy commercial? Hi. Larious. :)
I hate it when my truck's running left.
I didn't know you were expecting. Congratulations!
Headed home to officially start the weekend : ) Have a great weekend everyone!
Yes, please! Yum! RT : Free Pizza Friday? #Booyah RT this for a chance to win a few slices!
LOL. Took me five minutes to figure out you meant art-drawer and not store-stuff-drawer. :)
Headed to MIT and Harvard so I can feel smart :)
It's alive, it's risen, it's... the Happy Little Guillotines twitter account. Follow for updates, tips, funnies and more! RT?!
Looks like Beautiful People isn't moving on with NBC. JJ Abrams pilot is also supernatural but different. Networks stuck in the mold!
u suppose to be thinking about what we about to eat not tweeting! Grrrrr....
Veteran assembly almost made me cry 3x... :/
My Everything Turned To Nothing ...
aha the wachovia. They let you play for media day? Haven't played that course in looked 16 years
scary but lower accident rate than flying!
thanks. No Fish Market this time.
My day has been 100% shitty. Need some best friend time(:
Acrobuffos is total water, clowning madness. This is great
in hollywood at the vanguard to see my girl jimmi james perform support independent music:-)
According to PubMed, I haven't been a young adult in 2 years. I won't have a subcategory again until middle age!
I slept the loveliest sleep ever .
Driving in the sun, shadow weighs a ton, looking out for number one!
What an awesome an gorgeous day!! Off to a home visit after a much needed productive day at the office and then home to see my man!! :)
I had Southern Miss beating Cuse. ...after 1 hour, that piece of my bracket is already a wasteland
Well not going to church taking me nana to the hospital.
#YouKnowYouGoToClark when you see pigeons flying inside your cafeteria.
Thank you dear! RT : love your avi! Hot graphics!
Now that the chips are down I can't do it. When I see Barnes or Bynum and their stupid unpunched faces I can't do it.
Me too!!
rt “: Just in: Karen Santorum will make campaign stops in Wauwatosa and Cedarburg on Saturday
…cont) ya..unless they offer a black card:)
Mystical Night <3
The tax code should reward hard work and risk taking. I support comprehensive tax reform that would give us a flat income tax.
people get defensive because their might be some truth in what is being said.
haha yes! Hey guys stop playing so hard to get! Let's play the "Let's follow Liz and Angelica" game :)
#Halloween party tonight at 9:30pm. Cash prize for top 3 costumes and DJ Joanie B. will be playing all your favorites
all of em.
All my Vanilla Ladies hope you have a great Mothers day!
#libmade How much does it cost to maintain these machines like 3D printers and laser cutters? Who fixes them? The manufacturer?
plug'n 'n chug'n along
#WordsINeverWantToHear I'm sorry, I think you deserve for someone who is better than me
A perfect summer day is when the sun is shining, the breeze is blowing, the birds are singing, and the lawn mower is broken.
sorry Ellie! Not talking about you!
People keep saying my hair looks like duncan Keith's
Shady people. <<<
So far I have met the craziest ppl in NY
Good morning world. While we've got a small break from the #heatwave, let's get things done today.
good morning MSFT Windows. thanks for locking up on me again when i have critical work
Snooki please tweet me back im a big fan of you
Yea I slept a lot last night... And it felt great now I wanna get back in bed...
yeah, you're pretty.. but, your attitude makes you fugly.
and Joe Fraizer all in one day jeez
thank you for the mention.
Me three! (albeit opposite...)
cant wait to see u tomorrow we need to organize Both of our lives big time ....
3 on 3 basketball tourney today with and ----1pm | Harper Archer HS. Come out and join us!
I will tune in. Wish I could make it in person....
At Chili's with the family :)
Life is good when your marriage is happy, your business is successful, & your faith in God is strong. Let's make these things happen in 2012
Thanks so much for coming last night!
To celebrate Max's successful hearing test, getting some new music (with Sarah at Record Theatre)
oh yeah Hahaha.
We have been dealing with a major customer service #fail with ... it is making us wonder if we will be their costumer must longer!
“: Go follow . It's a few of my good friends band, sure to be Awesome!” Thanks Joey, you rock!!!
Watching Cowboys and Aliens. I love a flick.
After one look at this planet any visitor from outer space would say 'I want to see the manager. -- William S. Burroughs
Relaxing and watching kourtney and kim take new york!! :)
I wish Oliver was that active so I could make a video of him with a lightsaber.
That's my friend Joshua lol
congrats Mel, that's awesome!
#TypicalLakersFan RT : See Harden be pullin that ole #Tricky get under ya skin type stuff.
They all have work ahead of them. But I can't say any of the players didn't give max effort. They all were bringing it in drills.
Lol. We all get absent minded!
Join the Timbers this Sunday at Pioneer Square for the World Cup Final, then come to PGE Park for a 6p International Friendly against Atlas
Did you know? That #Prettylittlethings was filmed entirely around
Traveling on 5:30 pm NYC to Baltimore with wifi, but no working power outlets on Bus A-6412531. Same issue on trip 2 NYC
RT : Innovative Designs Demonstrate Creative Solutions For Individuals With Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD)......
I tried writing 1000 emails on my iPhone today but was right; could only get to 997 before crippling touchscreen fatigue set in.
I bet it was very good.
Mexican torta for lunch!
Trickle Down Economics <<<<<<<<<
thanks happy to see you to how's life
largest employers:4th straight year top 4=U.S. Gov., Chicago Public Schools, City of Chicago & Cook County.
wow, i'm surprised that ie7 was dropped (yet elated).
Some people will go beyond ordinary to please someone. While other people do it, simply because they live it.
I'm fixing to put a windsail on my bike!
wth? U asked.. Jeez
A6.One? I only get one? I think I'd need at least two on every continent.
Nice! what for
Happy Natl Teacher Day! We have hard-working teachers who come for resources at the library 2 better equip themselves. Thx 4 all u do!
awesome seeing you at the cellar last week, man.
The IAP Crafts Panel is now reviewing the FINAL application of the day: # 130189 Sean G.
Heading to for lunch today with ! Yay!
Al Michaels is rocking that combover tonight
Ohmygod. THEY CAN HAVE LOTS OF BABIES WHICH YOU CAN SELL. Except I'm not sure you can transfer them...
RT : "If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves." - Thomas Edison
#ktco - I don't seek inspiration, but I try to put myself in places (online & off) where inspiration finds me.
:) i asked Rich from seventh rain to see if he could come up with anything if not that was the only think i came up with
no prob its true idk y but i really like it
I think I've listened to Suego Faults by at least six times in the past 24 hours. Obsessed.
I remember 2!!!! I met u in Orlando u were sick outside ur bus w/my mom almost a year ago -May 3 I was 1 of 1st followers
75% of the band is at johnny's watching akers and putting up posters
RT : Done working eating mixing etc.... Suicide of.... Mix start to take shape... Sound pretty gnarly
I'll say this, teaching chamber music literature for graduate students has really expanded the size of my iTunes library.
My mom always keeps me laughing a l w a y s
Gotta shoot the first trollin Tuesday's this week any good viral videos out there?
hunger crisis in the #HornOfAfrica likely to worsen in the conflict zones of southern Somalia & Sudan in the coming months. Source:FEWS NET
when do you think gods gonna smite you down? I wanna get my picket together for your joke of a funeral
#Summerfest Corporate areas are booking quickly! One of our favorite 11 days of the year!
#OffWorkShawty one more move to make, and then its lights out!!
birds shut up! why are there birds outside my window at 1:45 AM?
thanks Missy! Your support was appreciated!
it is good to be open and flexible.
any ideas for potential speakers or events?
We Need Mastering Techniques
im still obsessing over how dances, her face, her hair.. and that she followed me LOOL :$ can i be like her.. or....
When the hell did CBS move #HIMYM to 8:30pm? I just missed the season finale!
Let's grab VY, and Reggie Bush while we're at it as reassemble the top 10 of 2006 Draft
I be getting high just to balance out the lows.
You are most welcome! Thanks for putting such good info out there! RT : Cheers for the RT Wesley
Break #time! for a few minutes at least :p
#NowBumpin "Earl" by Earl Sweatshirt
Exciting to hear and meet , which is a collaboration with on education issues throughout NYC.
yo let me get that shoutout
Dont trust anyone named candy
There's a possibility all of my followers will hate me for jamming their feeds, but certainly!!
thanks we need all we can get. :)
Nice guy!
It happens=/ No worries!
Today was the day Bonnie & Clyde died...interesting
If your listings still have pic's of snow from LAST year.... you might be a redneck??
Power off again. please help
What's Rickie Weeks batting average at the end of the year? Predictions welcomed.
it was very affordable, at least back then. and, totally hipster.
lol, i know right?! right?! wait, are you talking about me?
Apologies. As embarrassing as that is for me, I can't help but think of how Peter Berg must feel.
i love how fast this week is going>>>> <3
Thanks to everyone for entering our contest! In a few days we'll draw the winner of a new iPod Touch and a year of our service for charity!
you are!!!
Yes, Israel is a terrorist state. They use fear and violence to advance political goals.
La Mesa Mayor Art Madrid & the La Mesa City Council name 23 Citizens of the Year
Remembering the speech during #jumpstart, you are the champion you are looking for, look no further, look within you!
Agreed! :) RT : I am WAY too hyper for this only being Monday. I blame the abundant sunshine.
round up done, pinterest will be done this weekend... I'm tired.
Oh by the way my alcohol consumption is not helping my spelling of caryon, or crayon as it shud have been.
“If people are truly, madly, deeply in love with each other, they will find a way.”
When is the next Shmita? The next Jubilee?
Love me some Aerosmith. Great album. Found some more musical common ground: Aerosmith, Big Ones.
child support #TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear"
i am so annoyed
We'll look into it but WMLW only broadcasts are typically covered on FSN-A on Direct TV. Should have a selection that carry that.
when you care about someone, some shit is hard
Disneyland= Most Romantic Place Ever!
You know how i know you're gay?
#hootsuite You can also check out the backend of the app with stats of your activity!
thanks for the shout out! :)
I need to find a place to watch the match while in Phoenix tonight... any ideas?
Lakotah's Falling is racing up the charts! Make sure you request it on the radio!
Whoot! Settled and ready to enjoy DC!
No work today! Spa & lunch w/my besties. All good.
And I understand about life getting hectic. I did the blocks in two sittings because school and life got hectic.
#HeartsUp2.... Its the one you look the most beautiful in...
S/o to the night rider
If I bust the donkament I'll play
Well then, how do they smell? RT : God people, quit asking how guys look right now.
Have a wonderful evening, all. Take the time to write daily at least 20 minutes a day, and give yourself permission to imagine!
Does that sound right? This means to the average person, if you go to a funeral, you're better off in the casket than doing the eulogy
aye!!:) we should have a convo:) idk but we should xD
you are acting like a #BOYFRIEND by teasing us like this. Can we have the #BOYFRIENDTeaser? 1
Thank you...appreciate prayers as we prepare-going to be emotional for us, especially Macy seeing him 1st time in nursing home.
I can't tell
How many famous musicians from New Orleans can you name?
Thank you Max!
Hey crazy bitch (;
thanks! I will deff let you know if I can make it, I may have a class that day.
whaddup? Thanks for following!
The boys state basketball broadcast features every stereotype of Wisconsin imaginable. #milk #farms #cheese #corn #ice cream
Man really seeing MWP's value here. His active hands are contagious!
I'll bet that last tweet reads strangely if you see it out of context. (Right, ?)
Heartbreaking. Thanks for being there for them.
another video from that boy NOT
It's shaping up to be a wonderful day! Great things are happening ;) - hope you all are enjoying you day just as much as I am.
#IdoThisForTheLadys, being a very good girl at parties, and going home to my love.
Sitting Richard Wolffe next to SE Cupp like setting a cat next to a mouse...on a plate slathered with mouse gravy
Great way to describe... force multipliers. I'm stealing that. ;-)
congrats to your Bro, Do what you love right:) Keep doing you..love the music
In Atlanta. Green room over at Wild Bills. Pumped for the gig!!
It's never too late to make amends; you can always be my friend.
“: I know ma! I just like my after work drinks....*twiddles fingers* lol jk, wait aren't u guys coming up today?!” congested
its going pretty good surprisingly so YOU MET JUSTIN OR SAW HIM OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT !!!!! <333 so happy for you
Jus went to my nigga AB funeral now jus found out yestaday my lil nigga J.R got killed n me n him was jus talkin n kickin it at da gym SUN.
follow mee please
this gig in LA?
tell us when and where! If we get something up here in Nashville we will give you a shout!
my brother got the brains of the family so i thought i'd learn to sing
Today is boring as fuck.
First Thursday at 7:00, free food, worship, and a word from . Anybody can come and I encourage it!
Now that #Crosby has come back in dramatic fashion, it is time for the next big milestone in his career: shaving his cheesy mustache.
They seem to reserve the juice for Lincecum, specifically.
Hm, why the scarf, ray?(:
Its Sad How Ppl Jst Murder Othr Ppl 4 No reason :(iWish Was Here 2 Tell Me Evrythings Ok nd Hes In A Btter Place now :(RIP Ken
The Rally to Restore Sanity 10/30/10 in DC. I am so in.
i am doing it right now
Not even gna lie I'm knackereddd. Long ass day 2day. Bt I had a very nice day2 :) love my nicca.
i bet if justin saw that tweet, he thought wtfff :L
Congrats to #FSU Head Coach Mike Martin - career win 1,700 vs. G. Tech - great series sweep! Lets get 1,701 vs. #UF on Tuesday! Go #Noles!
you're on the ball today bitch! Did you self smart yourself? You couldn't understand sarcasm if it hit you
You make our mission easier by being such wonderful person!
I need to find my jacket before I go to sleep, fuckkk.
Its odd to be back...its cold here. Can I hop a plane back? I miss Hawaii.
Just got done hot tubbin it. <3
I have this fear that I'm gonna meet my soul mate, and we're going to get married, and be so happy, and then he's just gonna DIE. Idk why.
I'm at Alivia's 3rd Birthday Tailgate at the K! Party on Alivia!
I haven't seen it, but i'm seeing it in Rochester in 10 days!! Yipee!!!
To sleep or to eat? That is the question.
We live to better our future. But we accomplish things to be able to tell a story for the next generation.
Like saddest moment of my life.
light bulbs! Tiki torches, etc
A Day to Remeber is my new favorite band !
You should at least be able to peep the same KIND of game at least. You shouldn't get played the same way with EVERY person
It's a pizza and movie kind of night :)
put some henna in, braid your hair and be pippi?
If u WANT to be single thts great, honestly. But don't go dissin relationships jus bc ur sorry ass can only manage 2 hold down a crap fest
That would not pass the white glove test.
granderson is a slut
so u like Manila,It looks nice there,have fun
McGinn is lobbying the International Olympic Committee to recognize bike polo as an official sport.
To buy or not buy a vuvuzela?
I think I like a twitter-blog combo. If the blog is tweeted about, I remember to look at it and there's more info there
Always ask me Why my Tv be so loud , Now Yall Know my ears are small
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 8
SO excited. I love you so glad to be able to tweet you again !!
News-wise
I know.... An this coming from a meskin
I want to make it to #SXSW one year
Pay your IRS Installment or Payment Plan payments at www.payUSAtax.com.
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there....
Hey Dre'! Will Quidam be making a trip around the Jacksonville, FL area anytime soon?
I would love to read it, I've been a territory manager for 8 yrs & an entrprenr at heart, ready to launch my product
Last day in Ithaca. This will call for Purity ice cream.
FIGHT IS OVER!!! GET SOME OF THAT MAYWEATHER!!!
Does Macrorie's "engfish" cover it?
where the peaches grow!
More about #marigoldhotel on !
And I don't think Cal is dirty. I think he works the NCAA's "gray" areas like no other. Nothing illegal, but maybe on the line
Happy Birthday :)
SUP! I fOLLoW bAcK!!! ;D
And I might be later too this class
I don't trust guys named Alex. I dated an Alex once-come to find out his actual name was Uday.
Brunch at Reveres Wells Street Tavern in Delafield than off to the gym. vs. #lakers tonight.
I got u my dude.
I need some 2 day #Revoltions <U+2665>
Great but where were you every time I walked into a McDonalds?
Are you friends with Jacob Soll? He's amazing!
holy moly. flea market in the morning :)
at least it wasn't a full year. That's a life that is just too busy
Gettin my hair did (:
Either that or curl into a fetal position and play dead. It works with bears, so why not crowds?
- several...some @ work the rest at home
just because you got it doesn't mean you know how to use it
I need somebody to text. I'm in bed bored as heck.
I just remembered the name of that book I was telling you about. It's "The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society."
Bertuzzi: Great at shootouts, even greater at sucker punching.
I'm not worried about Kobe scoring 30...I want Bynum with 20 and 15 and Pau with a 20 10 7 kind of game
Come with ur sweetie and enjoy a evening w/ at Outriggers www.whatsfunnylive.com
"I could track the progress of the work online. My friend was right, the estimate was right on, my car was ready when they said it would be"
Happy Birthday Twitter! Cheers!
Thanks for the Follow I'm honored. ;) xo
When do the Believe tickets go on sale? Someone please answer...
drop me a note when you can...... I have some documents that i can send you --
then you can write articles that help with seo, presence and book sales/content.
yea, you can just tweet it to me (:
Tweet tweet.....watching the Checkers! Where are you?!
Sorry...and you were so generous with the cheese curds. Don't hate me, Betty!
to wake up in the mornings is a blessing
Indeed. I particularly like tip #4, but it was too long to quote.
That, too. So named becaused of the multiple pipes involved.
Bitch ii no myii abc's
It's not even 2, damn on fucked up
My students are trying to get #thatawkwardmomentwhenyourteacherisactuallyfunny trending!
swiss army watches mens
My pajama pants i made in sewing dont fit D:
Here at the house, chillin gettin ready to drink it up.
#Republicans = stuck on the past
#Cavs got a first round pick for a guy who was likely leaving as a free agent in a few months, how is that anything but a great deal?
I kinda miss marching band.. In a way :P haha I miss my uniform</3 it probably misses me too<3
I always read the file names, hoping for an ounce more insight. this batch of secrets made me feel like a kid in a candy store.
We remember September 11 and the heroism and sacrifices of that day.
party time
ha!!!!! Come out tonight. I smell like bacon.
I'm gonna hike the Palmer Lake Trail to at least the first reservoir. If the trail isn't icy, I'm going further anyone wanna come along ?
Launch date is coming! The first week of deals is gonna be great.
Congrats on 3 Outer Critics Circle Awards, ! Deserved winner of Outstanding Musical, Book, and Director!
I cannot believe I am going out in public wearing a shirt that says, "I have the pussy, so I make the rules." Denim skirt, cowboy boots.
I Only Fuck Wit Chu...On Two Occasions...When I'm Drunk <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>Or I'm High<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC>...& I Don't Even Smoke<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC>...& I Rarely Drink<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
thank you! we're launching our beta soon!
Rewarding this tweet: Last night, woman I last saw in Aug: "I loved The Coffins of Little Hope! Thanks for the rec!"
Send me a link :)
Playing battle of the bands at south Paulding high school tonight. Going to share the love of Jesus through song!
lets pray I don't run into this bear
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! I know there's still 15 mins left but, I loved you on Glee and your soo inspirational <3 follow? :)
love watching you play :-)
get you right in mile high!
I need new feet. Mine are dead.
are you ok?
What's wrong cuzin?
no problem <3
Currently 5-2 on games that are final with 2 still in action. Great night! Congrats to those who purchased!
<3 <3 <3 i love you so much. " Obama has my vote. Always has, always will. #lovesandsupportsmybrother"
would American Idol bump the 500 to if we run tonight?
Your a bitch, I'm a bitch, she's a bitch he's a bitch exc.... come up with a new word
Kris Humphries thought he was going to stay married to Kim Kardashian ... He should have read the script.
Anyone out there using Intuit for their website/hosting? Let me know how you like it!
Thanks for dropping some serious knowledge for the fellows! #NLCAtlanta #NLC Institute
I love so much <U+2665>
I hear you, im tired too
Y'all tryna use the Lord to sell pussy on this corner I already know.
Sexiest man alive . . . MICHAEL EALY !!!!
I use Linode - best VPS in the world. Can't recommend them enough. You just need to know your way around Linux.
Let us plan and handle your digital media planning & buying for 2012, contact us and see how we can help!
The iPad as pure consumption device: Its users consume media (or buy stuff as consumers) and it consumes users' time (FB/Pinterest)
I hate when I miss someone & can't do anything about it.
RT : If the 80's baby dont save the black community by raising our kids properly, we are doomed :( <<go ahead & count to DDay
Walk ins are welcomed for today's workshop Understanding Your 990 at Noon. Learn how to complete the 990 correctly. Call 344-3933.
“Anger repressed can poison a relationship as surely as the cruelest words
This sinus infection proves it. I don’t tweet when I’m sick. Is it weird that I know my tweeting patterns?
RT : Waking up to the sound of rain doesn't give me much hope that we will have a softball game tonight. // have faith!
You Rock! You Ride! You Love and You glide across the twitter skies!
good morning new friend
The word for the day is lunacy.
Me too! Dying to see next week's episode.
omg take some meds!
more trouble than it's worth, I'd have to reschedule like 15 mtgs. Ahh meetings, how I love thee. Dim sum for lunch tho!!
lol! Bo! Ha ha! Ur ridiculous!
Yay! Buy me something yummy. :)
After a Dip, Home Builder Sentiment Surges Again. The National Association of Home Builders’ sentiment index jumped 5 points to 29 in May.
42 companies stopped advertising with Limbaugh, but why were some of them in the first place: Girlscouts, Phil Orch, and Menopause medicine!
This whole fire thing isn't working out so well doe.. <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I got one too! Your photo is far prettier than the one I took tho!
rain, rain go away
: I had planned on attending Summer School, but the flights are prohibitively expensive at the moment. I'm very disappointed.
cuz I'm happy
i switched between 1st and 2nd, 5th and 6th and during eighth grade. i turned out alright!
Shooting with Burton at Smashbox Studios!
Getting ready for First Friday -- the monthly art festival in Las Vegas!
Who's doing the vocal on the Swedish House Mafia song Antidote? Thanks!
Recurring theme in #chi2012 Pasts+Futures #12AB: blending fictions + forecasting in HCI designs. Echoes of Creative Futures by
dipping some chocolate pieces in chocolate sauce m thats when you kno your
I saw here in Milwaukee last night. You two just missed each other!
Who? Who? Who? lol
overall it really is lol just certain things when a good girlfriend would come in hand..
It would have been nicer if and could have hooked me up with some snacks!
Bear Grylls or Les Stroud needs to do a two-hour special on how to survive the DMV
Realized: My May will be filled with 16-hour work days. Moms, I need some "how to take 5 minutes for yourself" tips, stat!
you seem to be connected to many in biggest loser family..do you know if Emily from this yr has twitter account? This yr fav!
Pastels are suddenly in for winter --- awkward or awesome?? RT your answer and why.
Just want to get out of this house.
you have to follow me for me to DM you.
Truism: "Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel." - Jimi Hendrix
i need two. please send to the office in midtown.
The dark clouds have paid off. Nice rain in north Austin right now.
Pilot translator-pretty smooth=BUMPS; light chop=u won't be going to bathroom EVER; some weather=lightning striking plane NOW
tricycle... It was Ethan's drawing lol
That's a good question. I'd like to know, too!
Let's go Melo!!
Put those interns to work tomorrow with all that heavy lifting of coffee beans ;-)
jQuery makes parsing XML in the browser quite pleasant. It's not as good as XPath, but is already familiar.
Right. You're just like the idiot who gets canned and says "You can't fire me, I quit!"
catfish mustache
Not wrong. I do the same. But I think others like the ego boost of inflated follow numbers -a quantity over quality approach.
Next Gen Smart Grid Auto-DR & Building Analytics: Adaptive BMS 2.0 over cloud adapt to various building scenarios according to grid events
You're so dramatic. -_-
A1: Improvements include greater accessibility & flexibility for students & faculty and increased collaboration in learning.
can't wait to get my hands on it. Wonderful cover. Great topic.
at least the Galleria has an Apple Store, then I won't care where I am
I'm honored. Will keep an eye out.
LET'S GO HEAT
Volkswagen makes its return trip to Twin Ports - Duluth News Tribune
you never ask me..i'm 6'1!
not sure. That mtg is imp. But thinking also abt doing the indispensable librarian 1. Hope 2 catch up w u sometime 2mrw tho!
Pool or beach? -PT
What's your impression of Heyneckes? Was v. impressed with Bayern's shape and resilience against Madrid, but league form troubling
Check this video out -- Bizzle - Delivered (Directed by Mr. Holman - ) #RT now listening to Bizzle message delivered :)
Fairfax County police Spks Don Gotthardt would not describe relationship between Gloria McMillan & man and child in her SUV
sex columns are where writing women go to creatively stagnate and lose touch with reality
just saw that you, me and chardonnay are all in nutr 313 we should def team up and help each other out lol especially on exams
Go to Macy's in the Galleria. They have ridiculous formal ware sales this time of year!
Scott Caan becomes a permanent caantestant on wheel of fortune. 'Caan I buy a vowel'
Oh, fun! Will put thinking cap on when I find it LOL!
It sickens me how badly my family treats my girl. Such a beautiful person and they fail to acknowledge it one bit... Heartless fucks they r
Wow Avengers kicks ass! Loved it!
#ArtFact: Pablo Picasso was considered a suspect in the theft of Mona Lisa in 1911.
Absolutely! We're excited! RT : great to put fun plans in place tonight with sponsor for
Just got off the phone with I'm really excited about one of their bands that will be on #eto Volume 3 in January...
go head
sadly, yes. she is always in my head on Friday mornings. And it's the worst thing ever.
I like a man who's good, but not too good - for the good die young, and I hate a dead one.
Hi can we get a follow, we are The Orphanz, Producers... Orphanz™
The famous trend towards flavored coffees originated in the United States during the 1970's.
It feels weird not having any company in my apartment. I haven't been alone like this in a long time
At the #VAWine Expo? Yes, with bells on! Wouldn't miss it.
Whats up Jay from your friends at THE EROTIC CHALLENGE
thank you doll! Lunch soon!
No fate is worse than a life without a love. Mexican Proverb
"The bartender made us something earlier with vodka. Could you make it? " Great job describing. You get vodka pineapple for 8.25, asshole.
Thank you Kofenya!!
Anyone Interested in submitting a T shirt design for DJ On1 =) ?!?
Hates that moment when you set back and realize you were happier when you weren't single.
:'''( ... #IStillBelieve RT : So if United loses the title to Man City, , & will be upset?
Instead of taking five or six of the prescriptions, I decided to go a natural route and smoke weed.
and Liz hatch will work there with us! It will be a huge success.
I'm thinking about starting a boy band. It's going to happen.
Hey, it was nice talking with you at the 2012 Walk for Autism!
Feels like sweet
then they have furnitue on shelves so we sat up on the shelves.
show today sounded like they already lost. Excuses, whining and lying. Loved every minute of it.
Thanks for the #FF shout-out, !
it's on his vevo
We're all done with our shows, its party time til Sunday!
finally getting into youth lagoon. 1) thank you. 2) i mean....really?
I am a guest on the Central Podcast this morning
Just wiped my ass with a McDonald's napkin. Thanks for teaching me "McDonald's trick"
I hate crutches...
What are you doing to help promote CAP month?
28 points and 55% from the field. #76ers need to come back to earth and the #Celtics need to step up the D
Dear Donald Trump....YOUR FIRED and STOP Race-Baiting!!!
I might or might not be going to Niagara fall in a few weeks. Just for the sake of it.
finally some recognition for a steady producer on LI. Congrats Matt
Wow, what a difference between the first gulp of morning coffee and a half a cup too much.
RT Be kinder than necessary because everyone you meet is fighting some sort of battle.
J & A Foundation~ You can only flap your arms so much before gravity catches up to you.
Austin is moving to Miami this week.Im so proud of him although he'll be far away for me, he's living his dream, I couldn't ask for more <3
want want want!
Oh, I guess there is the no shorts thing, but other than that, there are no fashion rules
I'll cop when I get home!
our prom next year bouta SHAKE i can't wait!! lol i ALREADY got butterflies!! #shoutout to c/o 2013!! :))))
Woke up with a Nickelback song in my head. Why does God hate me?
Tips from the Disney Diva: Walt Disney World&#39;s Candle Light ...
Seriously good night. The ATL feels a little bit more like home every day.
"This is precision driving with everything on the line guys" - 2 laps to go- and battling
lol! Love it.
Dream Big.. Live Big... Think Big...
are you kidding and I missed it
Caught up on some sleep last night.
nice alternative to my favorite workplace slur "hetero-normative"
June 2nd will TOTALLY be a YOLO kind of day.... Guaranteed .
Ima put a cheetah print on that ass
That is to say that the faithless tendency is bad cause and effect attribution.
Example? The Interfolio user who ships the four millionth document is going to walk away $500 richer. We'll have more regarding that soon!
playing a team from Kansas in Portland. These are all neutral site games.
Just accepted the fact that I'm going to fail chemistry tmro
Out at the #RMHC5K Record fundraising!
thanks ! your link goes somewhere else though.
"Embedded" or "remote" librarianship has let me reach users & learn a lot about them not possible within the walls of the library.
just went on a 5 mile run and i feel awesome , adding on a mile every week to train for the rock n roll marathon :-)
If your a veteran or soon to be transitioning out of the military you need to follow Have a lot of jobs available for vets
it used to be true for you. but i fell for someone else. and i never got over him. okay .
I think this summer should be the summer we move into that one place by grandmas...
Alright cool, thanks! I was looking at one and then I got a disclaimer about unregistering which kind of took me back
i watch ur videos when im down...they bring me up again! U r super funny u should defanately b in a movie:);)
Nice! You're making jealous with these finds.
Haha of course I will =)
Today in Literary History: On March 22, 1908 Louis L'Amour was born in North Dakota.
its almost May, the months have been flying hopefully the summer won't, can't wait.
I play by my own rules. Scare whenever applicable. Tease. Eavesdrop. Share snacks. :)
Decided for my birthday I am going to be Tinkerbelle
since when are you a blonde?!
that should read pinky swear! Stupid auto correct!
Diggy - Do it Like You sounds a little like Nicki Minaj - Right By My side. Same producers?
We will,have an update on our Facebook this weekend, get excited!
Our good friend Kyle Thompson from Wolves Among Men will be filling in on singing tonight. Come check us out at Fuel in Humble tonight!
that's hot bro
Also, Go Devils!
#BestTVThemesEver Cheers, The Facts of Life, Golden Girls, Growing Pains, Who's The Boss, Perfect Strangers
lol i know! haha well at least its ur not 6! (other way of putting the 6 year difference lol)
Thanks for the follow.
I don't pay attention to labels...I'm more into style
Why is it raining today :-(
// Tom, Thanks for the #FF mention! We truly appreciate it!
I wanna work at babe central :(
bring back footie pajamas!!!!!!!!!
I'm here to pick my wife up from her clinicals. I've heard a few intense discussions while I wait.
The LASM gala is in four days! Tune in to this afternoon at 4:00 to learn more about one of the best parties in
Woke up to the sweet song of carpet being replaced upstairs.
The last stop day eve...
<double-take> Was that really Esperanza Spalding I just spotted leaving the Bloomberg building? Why yes, yes it was.
sorry boo personal BUSINESS
80 degrees in Milwaukee...I'll take it.
Tenacious D just tempered my growing bad move.
Parents complain about no milk in the house. Bitch, get your lazy ass up and walk to the corner store and get some. -.-
Wow twitter can get pretty sexual, hahaha.
shush up no need to be bitter your team is already out you big Meanie! lol
A question for those of you who have lived in the same place for over twenty years: What do you do, to not get so bored with your home town?
thanks for the #ff! back at ya!
what's ya up to right now? At this moment? Would love to know!
My wife made it to her moms from the Vera Bradley outlet sale over an hour ago which is 10 mins from our house.
whoah.. calm down..
ima call you back in a few , im getting ready to go.
“ I Fake Smiles So People Won't Worry About Me ,”
your sister. Not much of a fan
Ugh. Today looks like it's going to be a dismal one here in #Cville. & I hear the week's bringing more of the same.
gorgeous! As always!
Today is Call In Action Day! Please call 311 (outside New York call 212-639-9675) and let them know how important libraries are. Thanks!
Lol this girl on the stair case wouldn't turn around and say it to my face. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
May not have been the prettiest win... But 10-0 nonetheless. Bring on Detroit
deffo when they sang that "being mature" song. YEAH OK, we all know your not mature. :)
give me a moment to put on my tap shoes and black face. I'll be right back. You paying in watermelon and fried chicken, right?
I dnt work till the 9th..I'll stop by then what u doing tonight...
Thanks for following us. Send me address and I will send you a couple samples
dog we love ya
I've been inside all day, its so nice outside!!! Atleast I'm making money?? Blahh
I wish that wasn't so dark!!
Uh, today I miss paper statements. Did I say preparing #taxes SUCK! I rather be doing art.
I GO with my BAD self!
tease ma cock man
Wtf not me..
If you're going to change the 6AM flights out of #LAX to start boarding at 5:15 then you need to open the United Club before 5AM.
should I fingerpaint while I'm having sex? RT ": #YourSexIsWEAK if you don't get creative with it."
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 44
Rye Rye Rocco....Marco Esquandolos....Been you to have any spliff...Man!!!
where u been?
huh???u know me?
If Casey Anthony didn't kill her , the who did?
video games. Haha
RT : "Achievement is largely the product of steadily raising one's levels of aspiration . . and expectation." -Jack Niklaus
with poplyfe management...
Thx 4 the s/o support is d key :) RT : Also S/o ms & for the continue support and leading the crowd!
That's how we do it in America “: A boy found a live hand grenade during an Easter egg hunt over the weekend”
At Mamaws. (: shower first. Meet people later.
"What do you want to major in?"
Missed u todayRT : Great day at #CBExpo2010. Lots of awesome ideas and a fantastic buzz afterwards. Thanks to all for showing up.
Want to Grub with GAIN? If you're in San Francisco we want to hear what you love/hate, and lunch is on us!
Newbury Street: What's sweet, delicious and utterly divine? Our CARAMEL APPLE froyo! Pair it with a caramel latte from !
Doing some tutoring in Greek and Latin.
Up early, time to paint the dinosaurs.
Wow! I fucking can't believe this shit!
We bleed BLUE! Let's go ! Gotta win this game tonight!
Man, when the glass pane separating our dreams from reality shatters, there's nothing to hide behind. Vulnerable, raw, real...
The Doods are sorry to hear about Whitney Houston. They would have tried to make her feel better...
Because you know deep down, 10/10 times says your going to be humiliated in front of your target audience, meaning like 20 people.
Haven't felt this good in a long time. Thanks, long-time friends. Some days I am sure I am the luckiest girl in the world.
#YouGettinPunchedIf you step on my sneakers....who am I kidding? Im not a coon
YES. North Carolina can suck it. Obama has finally joined us in endorsing gay marriage. I am so happy today :)
Raja dat! If you in San Jose we stay at Kaiser Santa Teresa Farmers Market on Sat. 9am-2pm Mean da
Was told I have great #style today
In all your ways acknowledge Him, And He shall direct your paths. ~Proverbs 3:6
skinny Joe looking great!!
thank god rip is gone... too bad t.prince has to stay here now that seems like a really bad signing. Should a cleaned house!!!
Umm... how was that not a travel?
feeling that sweetness... have a nice day, ladies! Shake n Bake!
Our sessions on Saturday mornings are sure to relieve any stress that you may have, leaving you with a great night's sleep.
I kidnapped Charlie, you better answer me or he goes to another world
#first40songsonshuffle 2. show me the skyline - get on your feet
Can I consider myself an expert at weight loss seeing not only have I lost a total of 20 pounds, but I got my luggage from 64# to 46#?
Don't forget to catch alum & coach Scott Brooks on the show 6pm ET,
what up teach hope you are good
I have to install some updates so I wont reply for a little bit
is listening to the new Kylie and FINALLY going thru my 2009 tax receipts. Better late then nevah ;-D
I want to meet hester or atleast get my picture with him. I've got his autograph 9 times the last 3 years at training camp.
imma beat ya ass on di train
All these damn projects! There goes my weekend
Big Thank You to everyone who came out last night to watch me fill my stomach with Player of Paris! I'm off to the Emergency Room Honeymoon.
yes, watching livestream on my mobile. I'm liking how he's taking questions mid-presentation...I can't quite see the graphics.
You're Dear Abby for alcoholic sluts!
Did not realize that a "large" salad meant "vat-sized."
following you back
happy one year 11month anniv. to me and
no fucking way. zerg rush causes ... CLICK RAGE! CLICK RAGE!
Hopefully i get a special b-day greeting from this girl ..
“: Plan 9 from Outer Space?” That's the one! Perfect for rainy day chuckles.
“: This is one of the happiest days of my life. Go !” we love you magic!!
I might've had too much Red Bull, cuz the world is vibrating.
im just going to be performing. Saturday night got some big show at the improv. how u?
If ya mom dnt got twitter stop wishing her happy mothers day on here smh...
no school
Wal-Mart de Mexico Engaged in Widespread Bribery, NYTimes Reports
And its your hometown. I respect that. I have a couple buddies that are Husker fans. I just love the game!
Excited to visit tonight! MT : ICE! At the Gaylord National! Starting November 18th through first week of January!
You're welcome! (and despite the mess Next Nature made, it's cool to see my own work bounced back at me. :)
Couldn't decrease the quality/readability of most charts published in journals. I'm up for that app! :)
I adore 's smile.
Should Helmets Be Required? The Dangers of Repetitive Brain Injury
Thanks for the shout out!! :)
DR_THUNDERJONES Thanks for the follow. Next time you're surfing, stop by our place. (www.wsistratcom.com)
you may be right but I was under the impression that you dealt with environmental issues...which was why I followed
yeah well Houston is kinda sticky but warm ....where ya at?
But thanks Dean Ginzberg for the remarks. I'll always be a brand ambassador for
Kris I can't remember where but what e-mail address should I sent it to?
accepted my friend request (: I feel lived <3
Rise and Grind! In the Hollywood Hills, ready for my 8am training session!
loved them. they were so cute!
LOL! You still love me though ;-)
aw thank u....sorry im late“ #10prettypeopleIFollow ”
good. Sorry for the late reply
really? I really like him
Good luck on your final! Thank you for the shirt and the card! I'm honored to have been able to help a little.
I've noticed it going down a bit. 20 cent drop is the average. Till its back to $2 I won't be happy
PSA: Instagram is not photoshop it's not gonna make your face look better.
your welcome!!
Please yield to geese
RT : YAY!! Congrats to all the winners! Make sure to DM me!! :)
strippers dont do that your silly
"You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose. You're on your own.... ."
Just arrived at home, Thank You Lord..
Good one!
"When you make a commitment, you create hope. When you keep a commitment, you create trust."
your a meanie butt :(
DON'T SWING
The 1 time #Kobe takes a charge they don't call it. After a dope play Blake made that they didn't call either. Smh.
RT To #live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist that is all-Oscar
Ok waitress has asked me 3x am I in Law Enforcement I answer no she replies your presence is full of authority....my thoughts
Let's go Brewers!
Mr. Cub, Ernie Banks is mingling with fans at the Captain Morgan Club! Stop by and say hi!
Tweet us! Let us know you still want this band going!!! We want your opinions..
Come warm up with a big bowl of CHILI! Only $2.95!!
miss you already :(
BNPcover:Patti Smiths-BecausetheNight Katrina & the Waves-Walkingon Sunshine or play it safe with Gregorian Chants-SalveMaria tough choice
when ur the first one to complete an assignment, ur about to get up an realize u gotta #RandomBonerInClass so u sit ur ass back down haha:'[
we were just talking :D
Hm..tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo...where would I want to go? Masa Azul...of course!
thanks auntie!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
and this maiden she lived with no other thought than to love and be loved BY ME
All's fair in love and basketball.
Enjoying the way the Mets are playing...
Throw some salsa on top! Oh wait, are you still at the hospital?
i see you watched The Shawshank Redemption last night too
You've got a pretty heady clock going for you today.
I didn't hear it, but I imagine John Sterling having a very difficult time making the call on that final out
UR SOO AMAZING SO PROUD OF U AND IT WOULD REALLY MAKE MY WORLD IF U WOULD PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK. IT BE A WISH COME TRUE <333
Headed to United Center.
do you dig pop/ rock music?? listen to this... www.soundcloud.com/iamforyou
You are creating prosperity when you share in prosperity. President Barack Obama
cuz, get me one of those foam 3 goggles
ah yes, thanks reminds me of the homes I'll be seeing today in Santa Rosa :)
touch down in the la la land for Thanksgiving! whoop whoop!:)
#bowwownation why my friends don't want to go to Miami with me :'( I really want to party with Wizzle.. who can I run too
Pilates and Zumba!!!
I so want a sanck I can't wite to eat ta habaldo.
AAWW. THANKS Jonathan... THAT MEANS ALOT TO ME.. YOU ARE AWESOME IN FOOTBALL & BASKETBALL..SO GLAD I KNOW YOU !! THANKS
Aw, I love you Lex! I can't believe you're in Germany you amazing girl.
They say lil mama I'm a big fan #bang bang
All 4 NWPC Endorsed candidates are headed to the GE after primary results!!
:) RT : We worked hard tonight! Can't wait to do it at Jordan Hall. CS is like the all-stars of choral groups.
A whole lot of packing and running errands today.
aw what would you bring her? Are you gonna watch the WTK thing tonight?
If you are coming out to any of the events for the ReFocus opening remember that there are street closures on North Laura
Boo! RT i do not care for the music of soulja boy
Get the Craziest and Most Unsual Facts Everyday From This Guy Has me Thinking Every Time! Love It
As well as a Misspell 'capitalize' type Of mood It would appear
Wow! Quite a lot of folks out to see his Oness @ The Ohio State University.
Starting to feel it in my legs all the running around 2day..gd exercise though n we had a blast!
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
If the Chevy Volt is the first car you loved, you've got major problems.
dog tired. might stay n bed al day.
It's sad when you have to overcome the people your living with rather than let them guide you to be successful.
good seeing you last night and congrats :) Welcome to the #NEU club!
HEY GUYS NEED A NEW TEXTING BUDDY
Happy New Year to you all. Welcome to a refreshing 2012.
Do I smell a whore?
Say "Hi" to our new followers!
thanks, jenn! can't wait to hear all about the conference when you get back!
Aww! Thank you! And you're very welcome! :]
Thought I made a typo but didn't.
then again I love Wu-tang, Gn'R, Giorgio Moroder, Carcass, COF and Pulp so I'm all over the place :)
Can it be later so mike and I can watch Ghost Adventures and be gay for ????
Much the same as bedroom=Carnegie Hall & cat = sold-out house? But feedback with words instead of meows...
Did you just become my tw'irlfriend?
Aww my aunt's having a boyy(:
punk plays drunk better than Hardy plays sober
Editing and creating. Something we love to do around here!!
On the bus with a bunch of weirdooos
Shower time :)
Talk is cheap, but the wrong lifestyle can send u away permanently. That's why I created a service for #DBoys looking for a way to clean up!
Watching the Giants/Redskins Game with my son! Yeah I'm HAPPY!
has monkeys in his mind!
so wats up
beautiful sunny 50s!!
Oh it was both great and an adventure - you should come out next year
That was the day I was born March 7,1965. I was born in history when Martin L. King to Selma.
RT : Racism is not simply "I hate you." It is incredible deference for some, and utter skepticism of others.
thanks Mike:-)... I know Nadal on clay is going to be hard!!!
that's why i love ya zak.
Google offers is offering 5 for 10 at Starbucks today :-D
you're so welcome :D <U+2665>
YEEEEEE #SaySomethin IS ABOUT TO PLAY AGAIN
: We LOVE the Links-A-Lot Necklace at it is a must have for summer!
Hello Hank :D
with Gia Fragallli working on Layouts... Does anybody have some coffee????
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 31
More followers to promote our dancers!
It smells like chicken
Manny taking roids 50 game suspension makes one wonder why
no actually that makes sense..more common in organic or cage free than in cheaper egg mill eggs. But 4 in 1 is crazy!
's boss just left work. No point of staying too! I'm out!
That's great! We'd love to hear what she had to say.
I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by Me. (St. John 14:6)
Great job big show! Congrats!
SOMEONE TELL ME HOW TO ADD AN ASK BOX ON TUMBLR D:
The Terminator Returns. May 21st.
Even first graders know when to use I or me.
was kitana nerfed? I just did a 2hit combo + the ex-ray for a whopping 18% damage... somethings wrong lol
Graphic Design And Web Design - Web graphic design
RT : “: Hey, I put some new shoes on an suddenly everythings alright” --Good song // Also a good idea
Looking for creative ways to earn money for college.
Good luck on the house. Statue hasn't helped us yet. Where's your house? We're looking south suburbs: Franklin, Oak Creek, etc.
oh ur in trouble wat did u do
New web portals launched for Sun Media papers
what that post 2 mean?
I LOVEE YOUR NEW TATOO<3 my days been okayy but it will be even better iif you follow me(:
#GiadasValentine Such yummy ideas!
so true...we say yes to God or yes to the enemy
Well HELLO! Got Facebook too?
#PrettyLittleThings extremely close to picture lock!
New blog up...check it out at www.KissandIM.com and sign up to get e-mails about future blogs!!
These final 4 in are so good. So bummed.
Enchiladas...beef or chicken severed with rice and beans!
oohh, dont feel like that, its ok, love u <3
I just saw 'inbox' used as a verb. Business jargon continues its unwavering campaign against language.
No boy.
Do you have that Louisiana Purchase?
im sorry, what do you mean 505?
I think across pro sports thought process has been proven wrong many times (zito, pujols currently, jayson werth, Crawford, etc)
Internet Explorer advert w/dubstep backing track.
Celebrity Jeopardy is more my style
I'd be asleep now if there weren't some Caps drama. Listening to the 3rd overtime in bed. What a game!
LMAO your sister just posted the exact opposite!!!
just lately
#NW Anchorman: Legend of Ron Burgundy
If you don't want no one in your business, then take care of your business.
Sick of Ohio I'm ready to move to the beach
That's cool ;D we'll register4 Summer starting May 1st. I'll try2 send reminders2 all our #hmcct girls. Stay in Touch! CUonFB :)
All my bitches nasty Like a cold dinner
At the apple store (yes, a venue for tff) waiting for Kerry Washington and Naomi Watts...
Watched the #StopKony video in its entirety... It almost seems surreal.
"I'm a woman of science. Well, at least that's what my horoscope says." - I love Phineas & Ferb. :)
new anachronism #improvisation. 11 percussionists at computer keyboards, acoustic. encore typewriters.
You're sexy as fuck, youfuck
That's called a busy spring! I won't be at (school event) but I will be - See you there!
lost ones<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Help us help the world. Please spread the word.
Sure & he is the racist as hell himself! Vote #RonPaul 2012 who accepts all races & creeds! He is our man!
Advice please! I want to get my boyfriend a trip for Christmas & his birthday... He's a French chef so I need a place w amazing food. Help!
ought to tweet about dontrelle willis
I look forward to it.
I feel so much better.
holy cow ! Bobby Rockets was nuts on Saturday night ! thanks to all who came out !!
thank you Wendy for following me!
its Asian my dear and was your hashtag a joke #oh hahahahahaha
Dear strip mall biz using costumed fools to wave at traffic: These make me want to put my car through your front window, NOT buy from you.
exactly idiot im not dumb but can you at least treat me like a friend instead of some awkward stranger? Please
love the fro! the best to your new book!
Spoke to a PR class at St. Ed's today and may have accidentally scared off most of the students from ever working in agency PR...
Omg REVENGE! Best show! Who watches?!
:) Life support!
Book your Spring Kleening and recive 20% off your first appointment!
is it filled with lots and lots of vonnegut? lol, jk
there's a food crisis in my house right now...I'm out of provolone
please tip one back for me in all yalls location. I hope they have sexytime
Love is the great miracle cure. Loving ourselves works miracles in our lives. ~Louise L. Hay
And I thought the Yale therapy dog was daring! What a fascinating idea!
School time guys,see ya.
RSD is about supporting our local record stores & getting people back into real music stores, it's not about ripping people off
lol...retired?...yes then it is slightly more confusing!
Homework assignment for new librarians looking for work: make 2-3 coffee dates per week with other librarians to learn about their paths.
So grateful to have Mandy Selke and Carly Swift of Just Pop In! at our event this morning. Inspiring ladies! www.justpopinonline.com
:) Be sure to check out our music when you can. We're underground selfmade
Tonight I'm in a great mood. I'm excited for the amazing mood I'll be in tomorrow night :) Gonna be a good weekend.
Congrats on being on the list of top 100 PR Twitters! That's so great!
LOVED the Rick Pagano evening! These 'Inside the Mind of...' eves are like being part of the best club in town!
Fine by me! #SupportTheArts RT : Seriously, does Stella Artois sponsor EVERY film festival?!
I love catching an 8-car train home! Got a seat all to myself, and no one standing on my toes.
I hear "public scholarship" a lot, although one imagines that all public-ations are by definition notionally public....
$4 Heineken Big Beers!
Extremely! Still in Utter Shock!!!
I'm happy I got to see her and kiss her before she leaves but sad that I didn't really get to visit her
biked by there today. What is so cool about it?
Thanks for the suggestions
as do you my friend!
People say love is the most important thing in the world. I think oxygen is much more important.
Thats right! Hope you do well!!
Baxter: The damage from #HB56 has already been done
#tie2011 Twitter for teachers, Raffelson, looking forward to some new ideas
that's how you keep a college life going on and on and on and on...but you always know where to find the fun stuff...
u cant belive this omg! is following me!!!!:)
getting drunk at the hot tub cause YOLO
cool. thanks!
Did you mean: The woman pulls the door of the night and went - had high heels.
Trak has a legal and services division too so it's not just libraries. You might be qualified for one of those positions.
Wow RT National campaign after kid dies in hot vehicle - wapo.st/piseso
The track "Neck Bones" is some serious Fonk make that Bass Talk Wayman!
why you scared im excited !
I already gave money, and if i can give more i will.
Please follow me <3. Is my dream, please yo do come true #mahomie 8
#Facebook has 33 #lobbyists working for them
Vanilla Twilight by Owl City makes me think of you. (: That's why it's our song. <U+E022>
Wish me a Happy Birthday :D
blushing out your ass? you should honestly get that checked out. :)
Leadership is making sure your team gets to the playoffs even though you're hanging by a thread! #redsox :)
Coming up on the TJMS: Tyler Perry joins the party and chats with the crew!
You're a bad person. You're a bad person!
Time for a smidgen of #yoga. Bc it's rarely a good day without it. Deep breaths.
Just bought a Panama jack bike and a 32inch flat screen TV. Sigh :-)
My damn allergies are killing me.
Discussion on how to disruptly improve education
HA, Braun will jealous if i go out with another MLB guy
I will, thanks. Lol, so funny.
RT : Revenge is a dish best served cold, just like the center of a rare 22oz bone-in ribeye!
Same handle... 'susannahamanda'. Let's play!
#AlexandriaVA City Council voted 6-1 to approve the Beauregard Small Area Plan.
Yup, I couldn't wait. It's 4:30am.
Why must I spend my money so FAST.
that is SO 20 years ago. Try "zot" that's only from ten years ago.
what'd you get him? Lol, and hmm thats weird.
let me buy MLB 2K12 after she saw that was on the cover.
i think that should collaborate with that would be interesting.
Poised Creation has heard your requests, we want to bring you music the way you want it!!!
i might make a video of me singing something idk yet so we will see night my loves-Tamya:P
WHAT is message in a bottle? It sounds extremely cheesy.
she's totally missed the value in what you do.
they kick you out for price checking, though they do it themselves. But hundreds of kids all checking one item price? How fun!
Trying to follow all Reps from is apparently more important than my Spanish Translation exam in 4 hours...
Instead of supporting this after leaving office like the other cowards ( looking at you Gore, Cheney) #ObamaBiden2012 support it now.
Fire Spinners Scintillators just confirmed to perform. Parking lot fire juggling action this sat! #hoosforhaiti [via ]
did everyone have a good weekend?
whatev dude, im always appropriate lol
blehhhh I have a headache -__-
Well....Looks like we might have to support the UFL this year!
Philly311 Testimonials: They were excellent. Make sure that you tell them that I said "Excellent". -Friday, April 13, 2012
thx for the follow. Looks like we have a few of the same passions. and
They said hey GIRL! Were at Valenza Restaurant by the movies
PickUpLine: I'm not an expert in hardware, but I know that you'd be able to screw my nuts off.
What if the Titans took Janoris Jekins here? Stranger picks have happened so far.
It's the least I can do, and I'm always happy to do that.
#Vitamins #Minerals #Supplements #Appetite Suppressant #Recommended Food Guide Servings per day. I have an idea! 2812
so many bros checking their phones right now, i'm surprised the network hasn't crashed.
What a fabulous night! Many thanks to all of our supporters who came out for WPA tonight!
Swiss VPN server vpn-et1 the server is down, we contacted upstream. We have a ticket in and trying to get a ETA on return.
The worst part about sending a lot of email is it means you are going to get a lot of email.
happy birthday wish u the best
in all seriousness though, ill miss you dude. We had some good times on here.
Equal parts nostalgia and desire to move on cancel out to stagnation. So no new blogging projects, but not reviving that one one either.
The curse of the sea-green uniform does not bother the kite.
Vermes' Army Unite!! Time to battle. We're Out To Win The League. Let's go Sporting!
I don't like my women single.. I like my chicks in two's.. -Drake
haha just let him be. You're all good! Haters will hate.
Really North Carolina? I say every person who is should pack up and move to a gay friendly state! Let NC see what that does for business!
I wrote that!(;
patrons find it goes well with milk...
it happened as you were texting me :(
dont hate. its good
We never know the love of our parents for us until we have become parents. -Henry Ward Beecher
Are you a Landlord? Lkg for short-term luxury apartment w/ balcony on high floor at #Boston Harbor Towers. Great client prefers furnished.
Think this is enough rain???
"Extend your arms in welcome to the future. The best is yet to come!" -Anthony de Mello
Dude no my internet got turned off today and now my satellite gone out. All I got now is my blackberry
Thanks for article featuring Michael Owen '04 and the Baltimore Love Project
nothing. Am working
not in Towson but I have heard Hamilton has an awesome credit union
You might let and know they have albums posted on their as well.
#10ThingsIWantToBuy.. Normal Girls: Clothes, Shoes, Make Up, etc. Mahomies: Concert tickets, Plane tickets to Miami, Austin Mahone merchs.
sure, I'll be around
My birthday is this month - need to brainstorm a party spot and outfit!
14 hour of driving school helped sharpen my skills!
Hey, we forgot to stop Kony.
Oh yeah, #SeeSaw is great. Getting better every day....
Getting ready to play some music with jack tonight
Why do people on tv never have screens in their windows?
“: I bought into lottery ticket theory and got my mega millions tickets tonight!” good luck
Calm and Warped don't belong in the same sentence. RT: 'Keep Calm and Wait for Warped' but I have no patience...
Haiku is what Online School for girls and GLobal Academy Online are using to create virtual classes-
This day in 1955, Charlie Parker died of a heart attack in New York City while watching Tommy Dorsey's Orchestra on television. He was 34.
uh huh.
Hi Most Likely!!! Would be great to meet you!!
the club?
Only nine oclock damn slow ass clocks lol
Had a very chill night. Ugh I needed it.
All my cloud data is AES 256 because I'm fucked up like that and I read about the en ess a
Fun Saturday morning fact: A sneeze can travel as fast as 100 miles per hour. Help stay healthy this Fall and Winter with regular massage!
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life. Wayne Dyer
~why is Mary did you know not available on iTunes? I want it, but will not put 1.29 on my card when I have iTunes credits.
you lucky duck. does your job know you arent coming in tomorrow ? lol
Agreed. Tremendous show. Skeptical at first, but got sucked in : )
following u saving money is hard So many bills.
Lifehacker had a recent post on auto-muting those ads.
Ah---set the tick to 1.0. Sneaky.
STUPID DIDNT LOG OFF
WHAT CITY SHOULD THOSE #STARCAMPBOYZ HIT NEXT, AND JUST LEFT ARIZONA, WHERE NEXT?
deleting my twitter
hahahahahahahahahahah u mad, bro?
Digging the walkability of central #Milan, and learning a new transit system. Is it sad to get excited everytime I learn a new subway map?
amen. So excited!!!:)
DWade pushed defenseless player on fast break cuz felt refs missed call, then complains Ind celebrated too much Why do people hate the Heat?
i like this song.
how was Moscow? Xo
Thanks for all of your help with web design. You do a great job!
#YeahOK RT : I got summer hatin on me cuz I'm hotter than the sun.
What does a dull pencil and I bad joke have in common..? They both have no Point hahaha -_- not stupid Popsicle stick jokes.
LISTEN WHEN I SAY: there are people that want to see good and people that want to see good burn.
#ask1dneews do you know the boys instagrams?
and I just joined the family!
Yeah, so we have the 10th. I leave 11th in the morning.
magic yesterday said "i think mike brown gets fired if they lose" lakers mgmt released statement backing mike brown
I love , she's bringing my mood up.
Man, what a game lastnight
OH at #tsw2011 "Toilet Balloon: Crap in the balloon and it disappears. It's a cloud-based service." cc:
Don't forget to come through and get your Official Dead Prez tickets !
...never pre-ordering again?
Me as well RT : I was one of the volunteers for Dems entering date on these. I believe numbers are...
When the power of love is greater than the love of power, that is when this world will know peace...
If you're not already follow the Twitter for my next film
dang that's so true! You can't explain things to some people.
Pour some Curry Sauce on Me, Def Leppard.
the game is pitiful these days
haha we are.. Just not a secret from you.
follow me backk
So what are everyones plans for the Holiday? I am heading to good ol' El Centro for some family fun!
please follow me follow me :( if you dont follow me hahah
Cool! I've been (poorly) cartooning lately. Mrs. Vigneau has been helping me with hands and feet!
right! I was to :( I'm so grateful my best friend brought it for me :)
RT : #ILovePittsburgh is trending USA wide!
ew bro you were in disney? Lmfao
30.5k on final break... gogogogo! race to the top!
Thanks for the follow looking forward to the great advice :)
Savage u <3
you "gotta go" in the trash... :)
THANK YOU JESUS
Welcome to the final hearing of the #defendingchildhood task force at ! #dctf We are live from the in Detroit.
Congrats to Green Bay's Jarius Wynn Gets his degree from UGA tomorrow. Reaching his dreams.
Wal-Mart = Moral or Ethical Overconfidence. "Trust is a professional hazard...verify!"
Grupo Fantasma at the Mohawk's 5th Anniversary was dope. Tonight there's championship roller derby at the Palmer Events Center.
we'll see you soon!
We will check out that blog
Who is your favorite artist of all time... 2012 too!!!
Other than that, peer ambassador and ALARP was super fun <3
If everyone had #emojis texting would be so much less complicated<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089> #truth <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+2764>
LAUSD Superintendent Asks For Tax Increase To Help Pay For Full School Year
Contents of my desk: peanut butter granola (allergic), half-empty bottle of soy sauce, and a Christmas lamp.
as you can think of knowing it will get you on TV or recognized on other media platforms
Damn What the Trouble Females Go Thru Just to Ruin a Relationship
good morning! :)
Vulcan mind reader
The part of the sentence that happens after "but" matters way more than the part before it… pay attention!
Not as great as you think it would be. lol.
Found a solution to a database issue last night using my phone after I went to bed. Loving my #Thunderbolt with
out the door st VA Medical Center. The New Director making some great changes. Doing some brainstorming of Veteran March on Washington prep
I LOVE that the men in my life are overprotective... that's genuine love.
I wanna reach through the tv and punch him sometime poor Slim
A beautiful day on Lake Austin..
The avengers!
Follow on Twitter -- she plays Olivia on , does all the wardrobe, and, on a rare night, eats raw, human flesh.
after the round I played today , I might as well put my clubs on Craig's list .
Thank you, much appreciated.
(He's not bad, but I feel like he pulls a lot of punches with his jokes.)
No your not I watch it all the time girl!
just remembered that I'm busy Tuesday evening, any other day?
“: no matter how hard i try, i dont think i will ever really be over you.”
Good luck. =) Didn't know you were a marathoner as well.
Pedal Practice: Put up double bass pedal & move your left foot between kick pedal and hihat. Create simple ostinatos to play over.
NYC - where people will act surprised or confused when you tell them you believe in G-d before you can provide rationalized caveats.
If there are errors in other religions, that is none of our business. God, to whom the world belongs, takes care of that. - Sri Ramakrishna
think you can water my driveway for me?
Not for me.
On the phone with my bae :)
hi.I know u dont know me but I don't like people being sad:(
i have a serious problem with her neighbor
How you doin' lately? I'll bet you can almost taste the cannoli at the end of the gondola ride ;)
where u at now? LA or H
"Don't cry because it's over, #smile because it happened." #Right, find me someone whose first thought is this one after a loss
See you in March! :)
I'm about to adopt the dog that was in the tornado that lost an eye and leg
Are we having a #Fifaparty or what?
turn your TV to CNN if you're home
the headset yelling at you to change the battery but youre too lazy to get up ..
#NFAIS Only 42% of adults have used their phone to entertain themselves while bored. I can't relate. ;-)
Now playing: 'The One You Say Goodnight To'. I've been humming it all day. <3
I think maybe Dante's 9 circles of hell refer to looking for a parking spot.
RT : #Pisces is very home-loving and loyal, and will want the same in his partner.
you're welcome :)
I haven't said anything on my blog yet about the giveaway--you're all the first to know. 100 followers is the goal!
hello, Lisa! Thanks for all the great input to the SNC. Can't wait for #paycon!
Are you on DreamHost? I am and today has not. been. fun.
...discomfort in the gum area...I wash my hands... with two fingers while cuddlin' my baby,..I gently massage the gums...
hope you have a good day at work :)
Ah im a fucking beast in 2k !
Hailey Anne resting now. So calm. LONG long day, good day.
Thx! Chicken now undergoing water-drip torture.
nice job (as always) wilde. Thanks for sharing.
lmaoo.. I hate Kobe though.
#mentionyourcrush I guess its not a secret anymore :b c;
please tell me you are at home and not at the shop
regardless, I think it's time to make a new one!
A reader is an essential tool RT : A1. I subscribe to feeds on topics of interest to me...so I am up-to-date.
We've lost the experience of discovery. I liken it to art "about" something. Fiction that can be paraphrased is lifeless.
#2amt I have never seen a succesful production where what happened after intermission felt longer than what happened before.
How would you feel if any one of those three skills were lacking in an English PhD recipient?
Come join me at ECCO Thursdays, TONIGHT! We have an OPEN BAR from 10-11. Text "ECCO" to 59925 for the VIP List.
it would make more sense in science fiction, dumbass...
Enjoyed Christmas, finished with a bang.
Going home from the baseball game its not even finished i would stay but im tired ): i had a lond day today
on a scale of 1-10 this episode of #Revenge will definitely be an infinity :)
... Man... The Midwest need to have a Midwest massacre 2 in Chicago vs. The east... One home game.. yall deserve it.
This app is great! Have you tried the Overdrive app to download free e-books from LAPL?
We dropped in on the SYTYCD Los Angeles Auditions this weekend and saw so much AMAZING talent!!! This season is going to be the greatest :)
spell check nigga;D
Ethics are practices that lead to trust (Rosen via Zion). But my students trust their friends & not companies/institutions
yep, still going... and thanks to you too for making some of the greatest cars out there ...
To my 100th twitter follower: I would shake your hand, but I don't like doing things half-assed. This would be half-assed.
No problem! One of our staff, Kimmy Spector Wolf used to be a tutor for Launch :)
RT : We believe that 3D enhances the #storytelling experience. Jon Landau, #thecmoclub via
in bball we bust y'all ass in bball and track...
*Uniqlo - it's a japanese clothing brand
where? when? link?
Great work my friend!
#Superbowl Weather was Room/Dome Temperature and so was the show. Looking forward to your mono-on-The5
joining the throngs of mac users and planning 2012. it's going to be good. 2012 that is. not the mac users.
I Love you.
VA House recessing until 9:30 pm to allow Senate to act on House votes on Governor's budget amendments. Just enough time for quick dinner!
#woofwednesday my dog loves to steal my socks and after he runs under the bed and hides
Reporter: "Will you go back to practice this week and improve?" Georgia Tech Coach Paul Johnson: "Either that or quit, I guess."
We could of had it all rolling in the deep.
dude you are living the weird. I love it.
is it K-Rod's Quad or Groin that's injured? Kotsay said it is a groin injury on MLB Network last night.
While surfing, all my banner ad are for international flights - you know me so well!
Let other pens dwell on guilt and misery.
downloading some random program so I can do one project.
oh hey! Great idea. We could have a paper-writing party tonight. Because that's what I'm doing :(
I'm not a big fan on the Pats. xD
Seeing at #RCL2012. :')
thinking about having my ears sewn up :/
I have a few around myself. Those things are indestructible!
No, no, the vodka offer came only *after* you accepted the story. But there *was* vodka drinking during the writing. >.>
So my sister ( the baby) has a huge crush on this dude she met, while working with me. Girl framed a picture of them together.
Excited about the fashion show tonight!!! =)
Looking forward to the SEO session tomorrow with from at
FINALLY!!! KNICKS brings down the HEAT. Go Knicks
asks a great question of how to get journalists aware of the tools available so they know what to cover & how to do it.
only my second #flipclass lesson and i already feel so liberated! much more time to talk to students and help them.
I was out of the hospital the same day, thankfully, but it wasn't how I pictured spending the end of my Spring Break and Pesach.
Know that the Lord is God it is he who made us, & we are his; we are his people, the sheep of his pasture. Psalm 100:3
FRIDAY NIGHT LIVE AT !
Let the record show, that I am the queen of being side tracked!
Thanks Dr.Pat
Told my dogs we heare to Ball just to piss em off
Oh hell yea! : If you have ever played up your accent just a bit when traveling abroad, you might be a Texan.
We have new trial databases with Arabic & Spanish language articles. Try AskZad & Fuente Academica Premier & tell us what you think!
Am still in Daytona roughing it at the Hilton !!!!!!!!!
I think the Charlotte City Council meetings may be our new hang our spot on Monday nites!LOL Maybe we'll see ur face in the place next time!
Learning about weibo, the twitter of China.
FACT: I would be 3% more successful if I found a way to combine cream and sugar into one easy-to-use dispenser.
Coaches, this is a fun question courtesy of If clients are heroes in the films of their life, what Act are they in now?
Loved the design! What a great festival.
When all other forms of communication fail, books will remain. - G.Brockway
False RT : Sex doesn't put you to sleep
My sister and cousin got me hooked on How I Met Your Mother. Been watching it on netflix any chance I get.
love reading articles that inspire me...thx for sharing!
hahaha this got me Weak AF ! RT“: Goal for tomorrow twitpic a picture of her bra <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>”
Ready for today! Who will I see there?
I use the word bitch a lot , sorry bitches.
Freddie Mac Posts Positive Income Numbers, Requests Small Draw
Hope she makes apple pie :) RT : My mom is against social networking online. Period.
Go Hoosiers tonight!!!! Make the Big 10 Proud!
Looking for time/place or something else Matt?
( CONGRATS ON THE BABY AND MARRIAGE GOOD LUCK ))
Economic equity won't solve our problems. Rather, people should be inspired to be ambitious. Aim for the sky, not parity
and music for the deaf. Hey-o!
We have our sponsorship packs ready !! If you would like to advertise at the conference please email us at Geroniamollc.com!!
wrong. like always.
not gonna lie, #duckduckgo is pretty awesome. high quality search results, less clutter, opportunities for disambiguation early in search.
Bitches these days smh, Just cuz your baby daddy doesn't love YOU that doesn't make it grounds to keep him from seeing his child #Ta'e
Calculate how much you pay for prescriptions over many years. What if acupuncture stopped the problem and drugs are not needed? Savings? Yes
My nephew who is 3, randomly ask me for $60. This little guy is up to something.
wats wrong wit u
buenos días everybody! have a great day
ah Britney kidnapped me and forced me at gunpoint to go w her.
Thanks for the
Shout out to #tweetbot for holding its own this weekend. thanks for the great app!
Checkout the site- www.audish.com - #feedback. Let us better serve you! While you are there, checkout the productions page
wal mart of course
I love NFL free agency. Plotting big things for fantasy 2012.
What a historic day in Denver! Cant wait to cheer on another HOF QB.
Boy Byee, Not Wit Them Shoes On . ( :
Question is: who do you trust truly, viscerally "gets" what econ. hardship feels like? Romney (e.g) or Gingrich/Obama (e.g) ?
KALE has 192% of RDA Vitamin A,1 cup kale = antioxidant, boosts immunity, maintains healthy bones/teeth & essential to reproductive organs.
DANG IT BETH. OUR PLAN GOT FOILED AGAIN! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I've been well. Perhaps lunch is in order some day soon. My weekend is open and I could venture to Madison.
How does a person #dream? And if someone has a dream... how does a one #achieve it?
- but in all seriousness, it would be so much fun.
Thank you Nikki! I'm gonna be a monster at IU
im grayson chances new security guard
Pumpkin muffins in the oven...HOORAY!!
You need to love yourself before you can love anyone else.
oh won't admit?
No im fine
so you ready to change your prediction on big t v clips. Come join da team. Lol
Branding with ease and comfort | DT Blog
wow I wish you would come make dinner at my house <U+263A>
Morning tweeps. Let's get this day started!
unknown numbers scare me .. lol
I can hear that.
Ñow I'm not as scared about going to the doctor.. I have a friend to go. Ok yeah I'm still scared.
Phone got wet last night and apparently it was dialing ppl while i was asleep:\ sorry if my phone called u...
hahaha I know, Laken, you are a very sweet, and beautiful chica :)
The last spin kick in The Karate Kid that hit Daniel actually hit and hurt Ralph Macchio.
Okay I'm done with all the mushy mommy moments on Instagram. What can I say I'm a working mom & I miss my baby.
Republic Nightclub tonight with Power 102. Call chris for bottles and into 915-999-9696. Republic Tonight
stil!!!! when do you come back??!?!
hey hit me up when you get a chance.
Heys followers its the Social Media Director: Skyler Laughery. I invite you to join us Aug 26th for a night of fun and live performances.
Hey stranger over there, Im really liking the way you whip it whip it!
Good morning!! Shoot later this morning!! :)
where are you putting this huge device? Backpack? :)
uhh i think he wants to go to kings island this saturday !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A2>
Someone plz tweet me
I am such a big #RObot!!
Can't wait! RT : Great weekend in NYC with dear friends , , , , ,...
I would probably learn more in my sleep than in school since my ap class is over
yea had to happen haha. R u job hunting?
glory glory
You're welcome - keep up the good Tweets!
home bored follow me ;3
Just finished judging the 5 teams of 9/10th graders who created some great looking sites for #Baltimore nonprofits!
We are sorry to hear that Dick Clark has died...we love you Dick Clark! xo RIP
you look amazing!! Can't wait til the magazine comes out!!! Xo
your looking like a tool, not a baller.
You must regret the day u left me ....still trying to get back ....with me no
": is cooler than your refrigerator (; Follow her !" Haha, you are too cute :D
Don’t let your ears witness what your eyes didn’t see. Don’t let your mouth speak what your heart doesn’t feel.
where at and wat time
gotta see this
well thank you very much! :) #CodyandMeAreTakingOver haha
Just left Carlos Bakery... My cupcake was delicious
Are you editing it or is that back there doing it?
#hth2012 Frank talking about information management.
~ Music is what feelings sound like.
I know right! I thought our generation knew these things
Trying to figure out whether or not the landlord of the house I wanna rent is gonna rent the house to me or not -_-
always, always! ;)
Happy MLK Day. Honor, Reflect, Act.
Blake & Adam are so cute
Please follow me! I love you!
that's more effort than they put into the game apparently.
Sen. Kohl's desire to move on a new #bucks arena comes at a time of much political turmoil. It's a tough sell, and he knows it.
please contact so we can figure out what us going on.
Love the Foo Fighters!!
THANKS FOR ALL THE NEW LIKES!! :D
Phew track sure does have a lot of events..lol
I've been working on it but it never seems to end! I agree! FREEing. :) Plus, it's nice to share and give away.
take it as a compliment!
you got it bro. Seems like you're on base everytime i go up there. Keep it up buddy
We are now looking for summer social media interns! Follow and send your resume to .
About head to the gym in a hour
RT no thank you! : thanks for following!
.... I did like how you put both JB and her POV in the same chapter, really is off to a good start! =) <3
": #TwoThingsThatDontMix is a hoe and marriage"
unimpressed by scheduling service. Front office staff late to open office. 4 walk-ins treated before first appt.
Enjoying a nice sunny day...
OK, we're compare notes in 5 years! lol! :)
Take some time somewhere in your day to learn something for yourself. Otherwise, you will burn out. (V. true )
News Woods has unlucky start at Australian Open Tiger Woods watched three birdie putts lip out early in his opening round at
To keep up with obesity in the United States, the average gummy bear will turn into the size of a grizzly.
Aha! RT : Been up since 7:30am YESTERDAY and NO NAP!!! Just got home and my alarm is going to go off in less than 4 hours....
A scarcity of college men leads women to choose briefcase over baby? 's students give their take at 10:15 tonight!
Need to hydrate for the night?? Come meet us on El Camino Real next to Ocean Minded in San Clemente
Nothing. Nothing at all.
Shout out And his whole squad. Grind time homeboyss
absolutely agree with both thoughts!
"cops are the phone" "Robery" "marred" "they file" "assisinated." The news is awfully sad too.
Get well soon! Love your tweets.
it's thundering and lightning outside :) favorite weather!!!
Reflecting on the post-Super Bowl hoopla: who cares what Gisele says and/or what Karl Rove thinks?
This just reported by CBS: Giants Win!
I swear if I see one more picture of a rainbow on Facebook today, I'm gonna lose it.
< circle they ass fat lol.
hot coffee, cold coffee, slushy coffee , ice cream coffee, coffee candle, coffee perfume, coffee lip chap
Only 1 Life 2 Live Aint No Reset Button...So I Play The Cards I Was Dealt n Im All In!!!! Win Lose Or Draw Fuck It No Regrets!!!!!
what is duck dynasty? My favorite show. Look it up. A bunch of millionaire rednecks. So funny.
think so.
havin a horrible day omg
If I have one hope for this #NATO action, it is that a bunch of liberals come home (safely) with a newfound consciousness.
Natural talent can only take you so far, "When you wanna succeed as bad as you wanna breath, then you'll be successful"
We're trying feverishly to catch up--only 7,300 more tweets to go! ;)
Spending &75 for a cab home. So mic I could do with this
i also don't like accounts that use proper grammar loooool
It’s not that I think I’m going to get all these things
sweet, you're a lucky girly!
Certain situations suck, and they suck even more because you have no idea how to make them better.
WHAT IT DO YOUNG PUP? LOVE YOU BE SAFE
Hugs are band-aids for emotions. Band-aids wrap around like it's giving what's hurt a hug. :D
all i can think about is going shopping.... ugh! MUST.FOCUS.ON.STATS.
Falling in love with The Smiths a little bit more each time they pop up on my pandora.
Everyday I stub my foot on my bed, it clearly wants to disable me.
*crosses item off list*
great to see you too! And yes, joining Facebook is advised... :)
This is seriously one of the worst days I've ever had.
And the best new artist goes to "Monster" by Kanye West
Sometimes I want to reply, "How is that my problem?"
#vaumc11 Nice Monty Python allusion!
lolol i'm growing a beard
Morning... I woke up and looked at my alarm clock like five times before it could even ring smh
Ok was I out playing with Stevie? Hm
awh. Your so sweet to Think of me on my birthday!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
We've talked to several highly qualified MBA applicants who are motivated to start class in January; first acceptance letters out next week
Nice bedazzled hat.
thanks a bunch! Will share more details once contacts are signed and agents talk and such xoxo
Thanks for coming to Washington to talk bullying prevention. We should all be working to
Thanks to our new followers!!!
Thanks Alexander. Have a Happy New Year too!
Get ready to play brain warp #HA #SUPnineO's
My name is Frank Odia and I am a recruiter I am looking for RoR developer. Are you open to contracts or permanent opps?
If you ate an entire ice cream cake & washed it down with a slushie, I would give you ipecac so you didn't immediately get diabeetus
yes please!!(:
Numbers for IB and what i think of you!!
lol I know
Why do I do everything wrong?
Now that's a bus! But where's our bullet train?
Greyson Lights Up The Dark (( My baby! ))
Getting ready to hit the road with Crete Carriers. My husband passed all the tests and we leave tomorrow. America here we come!
New to this so help me out.
Yeah I wish I would have cared a little more in High School... I did well in College though :-)
I need a stoner girlfriend.
katehi: re pepper spray, "if indeed it happened," serious disciplinary consequences, eventually, after task force review
Patron wanted Alice books by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor.
Ha! You're right. That's why we're the software driving the process & require a human content manager to edit it :)
please follow
About to leave to go to THE BIG CITY with and <3
17 unanswered pts. Will the Ravens "man up"?
Really enjoying this Agbeko v. Mares fight :-)
My take. A consultant/volunteer until his contract expires with Wazzu in 2 weeks then he will officially become a UI coach.
lol that's a lie
Money Team!!!
Going out to eat <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
is a new Hardcore Pawn on tonight?
Yeah...I watched it. I watch most of the games on DVR now, so I have to avoid Twitter while they're happening.
those look soo good #waybetterthanstudying + browsing online for shoes
Who's coming to tonight's #sounddiego party ? may or may not be pulling me up on stage for a tune. You've been warned.
Wow 6 deep at the NewPage booth for the iPad drawing. Wanna scan more QR codes!
If you could eat any Fit2Go menu item right now, what would it be?
Must....concentrate!! Need to get this synthesis done and 20 quotes collected so I don't panic Sunday night!!
my crush is six foot im like at the bottom of his neck lmao
I will be out of the office from Dec 16 to Jan 2 on business and holiday travel. If you need to make an appointment for January or general …
"If wrinkles must be written upon our brow, let them not be written upon the heart. The spirit should not grow old." - James A. Garfield
you are right so humble and enfacises that success is built on making mistakes
here's to a great weekend!
Rihanna - Roc Me Out.
Greg the hammer valentine
I feel like I'm gonna be sick all of a sudden.. muh :(
Me: Ma'am you DO need to keep your toddler with you. Mom: can you go get him for me? Me: No! Mom: He's okay. It's safe in the library.
Almost everyone will have Carolina as a staple. I like Cougar. I think Unisource carries both.
Because of all your support, another family has been given a computer this morning! More updates to come!
anything yo girl can do my girl can do better
My favorite food blog is following me! Check them out!
Maki and Luis performing as Cheshire and Alice from #aliceinwonderland!!
another great #sdcc follow - our friend who MAKES Star Wars
Cle #CriticalMass rides tonight, rain or shine! Join us in Public Square at 6pm, depart at 6:30pm sharp. 250 confirmed on FB, 150 maybes!
Got a day off and I don't feel like doin shit.
Amazing performance by Sarah Golden tonight. A one woman show to be reckoned with
Every pop fly to Betemit has me on the edge of my seat.
We at TCS have decided to branch out from just celebrity sighings, into the realm of pop and sports culture ...
Oh yes, they look absolutely darling!
no smack sir that's all in your interpretation ... :)
I will be sure to snap a pic of the pumps!
#GMail's 'unsubscribe and report spam' seems to have just worked. How's that for technology?!
it can't be that confusing if old people have one and know how to use it. You're just dumb(: haha
DO EEET. RT : You've heard of #fridayreads. How about #saturdaycinema? What are you watching this weekend?
Happy Birthday Jesus! We sure do need your presence & light in the dark & hard times!
You're amazing! Can't wait till season 2!
Your gorgeous ! ;)
Learning Analysis must include the evaluation of 4 factors: business, content, audience and technology. The solution will come from that.
In green bay for UW pickling class in the morning. But first... a pale ale green bay.
thats awesome, are you still playing?
Yep and Yep. Surprisingly little making fun. But I made sure to ride my least dorky steed just in case (read: not my Y-Foil)
spending all night with me
Two-A-days till summer
Another day, another proposal.
thank you for the tip definitley eased the pain a good boy
San Diego Pride Weekend Shout Out to
Deep in post sick recovery mode. I'm starting to feel better, but I've been hocking up some gnarly stuff.
Thank you! I'm doing great - settled in and trying to separate work from fun more. How about you?
People in the NW are prone to vitamin-D deficiencies - discovered through a blood test and solved by a vit-D prescription. Fight Depression
I'm riding in the parade too. Can't wait to see you there
MY BABY WON, #BestMale Proud Belieber:]
lol why u say that
Forever And After is now open to any Ultimate Frisbee challenges. 4 on 4. Get in.
Thank you very much :) RT : I'm a little late, but i'm just now seeing your prom video(s). One word AMAZING!
Ladies... If a Guy tells you to make him a sandwich.. Tell him to get the fuck outta your kitchen.. And sit his ass down infront of the TV.
RT : Whether today seems to go your way or not, it's always going God's way. He doesn't make mistakes. Trust Him. Proverbs 3:5-6
Our JSG is gonna be 17 in a couple of hours!! Those "Runs House" days are over.... #HappyBirthdayDiggy <3333
A good idea, only be sure to make a copy of everything before getting rid of it.
Lately my eyes have came open to a lot!
What's wrong w/this picture? I'm feeding our 17yr old cat shredded chicken in small spoonfuls. I gotta be nuts.
Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events and small minds discuss other people
Sometimes I wish I could forget how to cry...
thank you for following
RT : LMAO if time did get a job than anything is possible
#GandB better be watching!! :)
hell ya son I'm already thinking of what we gonna do
The truth is the truth! Good day tweeties<U+E011>
Wtf is Shaq saying on inside the nba
RT : Successful job applicants have the sound and appearance of confidence.
I'm not too stupid to cook, I'm too lazy. There's probably a difference.
It's not called PowerRamble. It's called PowerPoint, so please get to one.
Thanks! How long did it take? When I worked at NARA we had strict guidelines for FOIA processing. This seems ridiculous.
big drive here
Not funny! Especially when there was just a shooting in Calif. You just lost a follower.
RT - Texas wildfires...in photos: wxch.nl/qwXw1D #txwx. I'm thinking about all my family in Texas!
People I work with
#IWishYouKnew that everything you say pisses me off
Btw, love The Show on the new EP got some great tracks
..like this guy at work saying the #Bulls should make a serious play 4 Greg Oden.. Whaaaaaaaa??? See what I mean?
Is there a reset button on this booboo ass game
Happy Father's Day weekend! To all the wonderful dads, fathers, and all men that inspire children, have a great weekend!
I dont know what the Caps were doing... They gave that game away
Had I known that, I would have kept my headbands since I was 5. #stylin #queer. It happens.
you still said baldly lolol
haha yeah dude, its crazy in my moms caddy
People are assholes. Pardon my French.
SO glad there's a #Starbucks on the way back to the Metro. #cildc Good content day.
George to Martha:I should enjoy more happiness&felicity in 1 month with you at home than I have the most distant prospect of reaping abroad
in what way
but none of my repub friends think or act like the ones in DC. Much more moderate and common sense based.
I just came back to Finland. Even if spring it's coming...it still feels way too cold for me!
where are you this very minute
Me too RT : I tweet at all major conferences I attend including monthly FWSIM events.
thanks for taking a look, please let us know if you have any questions.
getting psyched up for #hockey with a furious game of #wordswithfriends. If I don't watch out it's going to make me late.
whats it like in 203 today?
sweet! Congrats
is 16 years old and killing shit.
aww papa ill see you this week! Ill be out there, I got a date with my booboo so ill see you after baby <3
what's your take on Vinny Curry? I thought he was spectacular at Senior Bowl. His film vs WVU in '10 has me convinced.
need advice. have the thunderbolt but have an update avail. what should i go with? 4g phone, good camera, willing to wait..
thank you for your sweet upload. Xx
Woo the weather is not so bad here in #seattle . Cheers to a good night!
no that's just called a relationship
Release the bats
#RelationshipsEndBecause long distance relationships..
Joe Paterno story not true according to Jay Paterno RIP a bit premature
Housing some poor homeless students for the night. Luckily it's Alex and Lexy :)
will live tweet tv timeouts, puppy bowl, commercials, gisele sightings, and boring half time show. not actual football stuff.
Top iPad apps: Smash Cops tops the charts
The algorithm would be flabbergasted. This trailer is #EPIC /cc
Awesome guys!! \m/
HURRAY! #kindness is spreading (:
I think Justice threw it out there that he was in line for the editor gig.
we'll give this a try... It looks good...
not sure how I added the Carrie underwood stuff! ;-)
A great relationship isn't when perfect couple comes together, but imperfect couple learns to enjoy their differences. I love you
There's no one like you. I cant wait for the nights with you.
when creepy guys older than my dad ask for my number <<<<
Awesome weekend, faculty&staff make it an inspiring & fun experience for everyone! Love to see K Studio dancers soaking it all up!
All about my business... if you are too, then we relate
Guess I am a lil nervous I jus spent two hours cleaning the kitchen wen its onli took 30mins I got tah doin extra sht
#WhatsAlottaMoney when its all you got to yo name
Safe travels on your way back. Traveling by train is great. I'm sorts jealous. :-)
is excited 2 work with the new team & structure. This is an amazing organization. Here 2 support empowering students
Q3: One of the virtues of PR is its versatility; one of its vices can be superficiality. "Defining PR" can tend to the latter.
Thanks for making an appearance at #OccupyLA. Proud to have my rep show their support.
OMG Justin's hair
I landed into memphis and had to go straight to class. Come to find out there is a test today in my calculus class....
Food, Book, Music = Lunch
Tonight is our first Meat&Greet at 6pm.
#NW - The Other Guys. This shit is so fucking funny!
wants three cats to get along.
I know more now .. then ever
Good! But not great. Gov't needs to put energy toward creating SUSTAINABLE partnerships btw corporate world & public ed
S/0 to all those hialeah girls. Adding "-ita" to the end of your name doesn't always work how it should.
Bank of America--they are super friendly there and a guy in line actually complained that it made him feel "uncomfortable"!
....Your relationship status is going to change soon...You want to know how I know? each time you start ignoring me, a week later it changes
We're proud to have you! RT I'm proud to be an exchange student
Headed into work.. Will get my workout in around noon..
“: Drake, Wale, J Cole and Kendrick Lamar don't count as Rappers”>> what do u call them ??
I highly recommend placing a pic in your profile as the Goose Egg is often seen as a "bot" or spam. Even if you pic a scene.
My first ever Tweet... Well I just started this today because of a class I had at CSB about social media. So lets see how it goes!
Looks pretty tasty.
Good points being made everywhere. #Dodgers fan strike really did work in helping to oust #McCourt. Could not be more proud of LA fan base
Good morning everyone :)
Israel elections to be announced in &#39;coming days&#39;
Interesting! Well, that makes sense! How does the work compare/re: job satisfaction?
#weightloss tips 6) eat whole, high fiber foods 7) avoid sugar 8) exercise intensely & regularly 9) cheat once in awhile 10) be patient
lol just watch the video. It's funny and the truth ;)
There are no good zero players in umvc3 I've played or even seen. I will go into evo 2012 beasting with zero to show how awesome he is.
good pick tampa
Lots! MT : Busy week: TechStars Demo Day Thurs., ROFLCon Fri., kicks off Sat. Who's hitting the trifecta?
Watched some great golf today. The course is in great shape. Come on out!
If any of you Ladies are Missing Out on Mother's Day, because You don't have a Baby. Just DM me. I can Help You Out with That. No Problem.=)
Just remembered. When me and had to pee. Yesterday shit was so funny.
RT this if you're missing all the Tebowing that we'd still be doing if the Donkeys were still playing!
Good Luck!!!
Don't you think the Carolina defender should have been in Austin's grill? Let him drive past you for a 2, worst case scenario is OT
GOOD JOB TOMMY BOY #boner of the month award
. A vote for the American Jobs Act is a vote for small businesses, schools, and new jobs. Please support it.
#north carolina declares itself a bag of shit. Rendering itself useless to mankind
Wade bust that Nigga in his shit
Yahoo! is a finalist for 's 100 Cars for Good contest! We'll need your help come 5/27 so that Open Books can WIN A CAR!!
Happy Friday!
you have me on the edge of my seat!
So what you doing :) ?
what a night- Haitian music royalty and a presidential candidate- gave an amazing show last night 's- merci!
Hey hey hey how are you?
Thanks a lot!! :) I feel the same about you!
Time to grab 5 hours of sleep. Have a good night! The grind begins again tomorrow...
Are you saying I have a super ass?
Cheapest Gas in #SalemOR $3.86 with club card at Safeway (S. Commercial)
Miss America 2012 still happy about sc oh yeah
I have cancer and I will die in three weeks...
This sucks SO BAD! I have to work while the teen choice awards are on! :( I won't get to see ...I think I'm gonna cry
Job Search 100 #6 Do you know the job descriptions and industries you want to target? via
Just met with the president of a production company for a small role in a news parody show and he offered me a bigger part on the spot!
QoTD: "Constant effort and frequent mistakes are the stepping stones to genius." (Elbert Hubbard)
Congrats on the BIG WEEK !!!!!!!!
Hahaha love how you added "censored" to your picture. How'd you do that?
Westbound i40 another motorcycle accident at about San Mateo. Stay clear. Will probably shut the highway down
Yeah. It's been down for over a week now :/
I played a 113 point word in Words With Friends and still lost badly.
I seriously can't slow down. I fit a 36 in a 16.
Interesting night... From stalking a man who stole my brother's phone, to talking about attractive cartoon characters with
"I'm going to live like this from now on..." yeah nobody cares, just do that and stop talking about it.
YOU GOTTA BELIEVE IN THE VOLTAGE THAT LIVES INSIDE US!
Have a bee in your apartment Jill? ;)
kooln in this fat ass house out in atwater
Adam Yauch RIP!!
Diggin' ya on Troubadour... Born in the City is a great song. I'm a singer/songwriter and I appreciate you as a performer.
thx for Coming in... You guys rock!!! See you next time. Soon we hope!
Shop the Entertainment Playground--children's music & movie titles available at discounted prices.Order now by May 20th....
please follow she introduced me to you guyss!<3
Does Dj Khaled have any fans?
Actually it's just my toe.
omg!!@!!! that is like what crazy.
Oh...ok. Got it. It doesn't matter what you write about, as long as you write. ;)
I just hate the fanboi's who play the beta card the second someone says Siri doesn't work
I like your songs there great :)
thanks man =)
Thank you for the compliments! I'll be sure to pass them on to our amazing staff! We look forward to your next stay. :)
going to pick up the TURTLE BEACH x41. how good are they can anyone tell me?
I completely know that feeling :/
This was so weird.
why your bored
Just pulled in to New Braunfels, ready for tonight at River Road Ice House with Jon Wolfe! We start at 9!
hello my friend how are you?
operation find grare hell yeah
Follow Back?:)
“: perfect first instagram photo!” Haha thanks! Took it right after I left your office... the lighting was perfect
Did you know you can now pick up items from the Columbus Metropolitan Library at the Thompson Library at OSU?
Better as a memory. <U+263A>
hey follow me back blaine (:
No problem, anytime!
I feel good bout this record...random ppl actually been askin my mom what song is she bumpin at stoplights lol
doing pretty well over here in Tourism land. Sounds like things are good over at as well
Next to 1911 slaughterhouse in Rome:, a 3-storey yellow, peeling villa-like edifice with chiseled name FRIGORIFERO ("refrigerator").
i'm listening to 's new #coasttocoastEP (: how about you?
I want to be fired me for saying something an then instantly hired with a salary of 2 million and then write a book. muzzled my a$$
I need a 2 week vacation from work... But would that really be enough?
just realized i wrote unsimilar when i should have written dissimilar. gonna go lock myself in the basement til august
Without a doubt you're all I dream about.
Also, travel for next FY includes some new destinations for me: San Diego, Denver, Saskatoon!
thanks for your help! You've got a great product! Keep up the good work!!
Great to see you too! Looking forward to connecting again soon, we have some work to do here in DC :)
Taylor Swift: Journey to Fearless is first on my "What to Watch" list? You know me all too well, Netflix.
#ilovemybrownskin love every shade brown + shades of my brown hair
beautiful day in #ATX stuck inside doing grad school things
great job on Gameday this morning. Even if you did pick against my Huskers. Still rooting for your Cats.
doesn't matter, Brady will kill them anyway. (NOT A PATRIOTS OR A BRADY FAN) just to clarify. (Although Gisele will be there) *grin*
I have so much work to do this weekend, but I'm not stressing about it. It'll get done. :)
SXSW is here! SO many great shows including The Villas on Friday and Saturday!
Going to bed...night Assholes.
hey the pic of ur profile is nice
I refuse to accept anything but a complete overhaul of my current standard of living. That regular progression is for ppl with regular jobs.
Funny story, Met the SAS man on a ride last week. Great guy, sharp looking jacket. Support the locals!
Had such a great time last nite!! Of Montreal amazing as always!! Felt so alive & in the moment!!! Love it when a show does that :)
15 of UK's 27 outs were strikeouts, not going to win very many games that way
REMINDER....Bloody Brunch is still on the look out for promotional goodies for our swag bags! Shoot an email to ! :)
I've got you.
Cant wait for the new Batman movie either going to be good
Journalism major? Follow us for more details
I HATE YOU, THIRD DIMENSION!
You know your bored when you start doing the dishes ... And no one asked you to do it.
yep! Quite a few in the last week
I don't know how this question got in here. Is it true that Don & Jim are lovers?
Great work! Be sure to post pics for you hashtag experiment! We will help you!
Just sold a 4G Wireless Internet service to Sem from the Ice Rays Interns. He got it all with no contract, only $30 a month!
oriole nation appreciates the effort! Starting to believe!!
Didnt your mom ever tell you dont judge a book by its cover! Taste is all that matters..What flavors did you make??
thanks for the feedback! Always nice to hear.
is scheduled to play on FreshTV March 17! More details soon!
#WWENOC I pick punk, ADR, Henry, not sure on rest... Do you wrestle in Louisville
Wow what a bottle of wine & good company will get out of you!
Everybody's starting to piss me off.
definitely! Let me know next time your up. And wear your good socks, or I won't let you in my house!
cherry poptart=success
It does not matter if you are rich or poor. People are still going to talk about you. Might as well get rich!
sounds like something I would do haha. It's like bringing flip flops for later when u wear heels
What up doe? You're going to the right spot.
Nap city, bitch.
Top developer to create apps for Mac to have fun.
Poetry is going to kill me.
go to sleep.
I obvi stress bout that a lot Ha! #UhhNope RT : Why do I stress bout what 2 wear 2 work when it's radio & no 1 will see me?
“Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack.” - George Patton
Have a wonderful day just because xo
thanks babe!(;
Yes you too!
'ASTR is so intrepid' -
Happiness depends upon ourselves. - Aristotle
ha, I wish. But I'll take It.
cinnamon cocaine
Game. Set. Match. Thunder Blouses.
It is going to be memorable!
=) Thanks for the follow thats so sweet xo
#hardworkpaysoff & get you closer to
I look up "reckless" on istockphoto and the 1st page is full of pics of pregnant women. Not quite what I meant.
thanks for comin out! :)
#Cod time
Yes, we do have a few more of the Line6 V70s on sale. Can you call me?
The fact that a glass of water next to my window stays cold all night is a very bittersweet victory.
OHH sorry, I don't have one yet but was thinking of uploading some videos so when I do ill subscribe u (:
Marie Osmond was offered the role of Sandy in Grease but turned it down "on moral grounds". Whatever.
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW>>>>
Thanks for coming! MT : good morning! had an awesome & inspiring night at exhibition last night.
No surprise, but Jared Sullinger will not return to Ohio St and will enter the #NBA draft.
4 day weekend just started Vegas weather is acting nice today it's sad when hi 90 degree weather feels cold
yep I am :) I've been there before it was fun :))
My three day old daughter just farted on my arm. I may be delusionally tired but i definitely giggled.
To think what might have been for me
RT You guys aren't gonna believe this, but the Microsoft store looks a lot like an Apple store, but with PC and Xbox stuff in it!
“Oomf still bald headed! Girl it's 2012 get yo weave game up booboo!”
#VoicesILove MINE for some reason i just wont stop singing for like a long period of time
best DJ in town
lol :) so what are you up to??
I-9 enforcement near 0 in Bush admin. but over 2k actions in 2011. Jose breaking down the change in the law.
Follow - #AirHollywood's new initiative launching in May!
YEHA BUDDY!!!! SO EXCITED
A man aint who he is,if he has to give false infomation bout wat he got and how he live
i get to go to my grandma's house yay :)
If you are tired of the game, pick up your spirits at Michael's with some delicious pasta and some good music!
haha :) well, this Mahomie is going to bed, although I could talk about austin all night. (: haha. Goodnight !
Oct 14, free for 21+ minors $20 opens for . Doors at 7.
Goals are something I resist because I never follow through.
i dont think i can deal with this much longer :/ but then again it would be a waste of my past 2yrs 9mths and 8days
I love you more!
one of the meaningless and time-consuming things I have to do: write various lengthy self-evaluation reports. sigh.
thought while in line to buy kombucha today they should have punch cards for it and then the cashier said we should have punch cards for it
oh, well poop
"Yes IF" is more powerful
just got done rockin' my heart out with Interpol paul banks, i love you (at least for tonight).
Can't wait! RT #dcdrinkup, I have an incredible story for you. Don't let me forget to tell it. What a day!
roccos was great too. i loved that show. wasnt there a big fat ass cow on there too?
Tonight! , Columbia City, 7pm, $10 - Richie Aldente! Be there!
National Anthem singing each day in #SBVillage! Kelly Taylor starts it off this Friday!
The WRLC Annual Meeting RSVP list is almost full! Sign up now to avoid the waiting list.
You still my hoe though!
Doing the 'scanning and itemizing my business trip expenses' dance.
Lol Brenton Cribrari screamed at the scrawny West boys running outside.
get out! When were you there?
Hello Milwaukee! Brewers last series tonight! And some Monday Night Football!
haha no its pretty cold but i think i have to wait til christmas or something:(
3 away from 400 followers!! Who will be my 400th? Will it be you??? Come follow me...
Don't mess with me when I'm tired and/or hungry.
YES!!! That's it! I always forget him
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 17
had a blast at competition today! came back one more time with first! now we gotta prep for regionals! (:
lol so yes they sound too much alike LMAO my bad
Just saw a QR code on a billboard on 1-75 as I drove by at 80 mph. Yeah, that's effective advertising!
Changing course: headed towards Key West for chopper medical evac. Hope the poor bastard's ok, but also that we get home as scheduled!
Touring a brewery is very thirsty work. Yes, another please.
Just saw a raccoon off lake shore drive. My first non rat/pigeon wildlife in Chicago.
are you home?(:
yes u are. My phone was acting up. Damn u att! Lol
Go blue Yankee's baby
« People B So Anti #FuckEm» YOU!
I tried my best to see things from your point of view, but your point of view is stupid.
The Best Revenge Is Success.
I'm ready for school to be out and for my next three off days!
They should of just gave me end of year , i go back the day before we take exams
How can I Love again?
Coldplay all day tomorrow at the shop. Inspired. LOVE the set too!!
I've been following you,can you follow me
You bet!!
You don't realize how much you hate the hiccups til that ish starts happening.
names for the new biz?
thank god.
Miguel Cabrera or Adrian Gonzalez?
your texting me and asking for pictures when you have a girlfriend? uh i dont think so. guys these days..
I win.
Yea! Jax all the way
Your comments are profound, most insightful thoughts on this case yet.
#BSBlovesyou i think u should follow and please we love u just like u love us. :)
Come Sunday, I honestly might wuss out and drink tea instead.
Miss piggy is always so glam
We just lost 6 followers! What?! Help us to get them back please! <3
But that's ok cus I'll just drink my misery/sins away pool party.
I bet i would be too! But you deserve it girl!!
Watching our boys and gal graduate.
Another beautiful Spring day in Charlottesville VA. It's been unreal but what about the Summer?
MDR!! YESS!! hahaha You're Only a Cool Kid Once ;)
I'm glad everyone at the studio thinks my new best friend (my pillow) is creepy... "/
lol no. More like tan
If you are not in Brayboy then you are in the wrong place. Lady Golden Bulls are in a dog fight against Shaw!
Stupid bitches<<<<<<<
Thanks #aea for the remote time line buzz. Lacked depth of attendance, but plenty of topics to explore. Nice job.
yo I'm about to go to twitter jail doing verses...
Why is my week so poorly schedueled
Join the Honors Club and the TODAY & TOMORROW and help save some lives by donating blood!
ugh yes I figured that. Lol
is there a video for the cVillain report available online?
after today I will never have to tell abby to stop licking, chasing,or biting the kitten. Prim is going to her forever home
Hopefully not! In the middle of a webinar :)
Excuses! Check out south. Or, I'm sure you can find something else local.
Wish I still had enough hair to head-bang. It is not the same without flowing locks.
And yes, I am a "ObamaBot" If you don't like it, there's a little button that says "UnFollow"
LOVE that song! (Might be showing my age some)
Keep Your Soul Records ROCKS!!
thanks for the support!
thank u Kristina!!! :)
of course not, that's why you got out ;)
*blushes* Oh, stop.
A shout out to all professionals in Pgh coming to Savoy tonight, don't forget is there Sept 14 for our event
Seriously, stop.
would love to! How about the director comes on this time, Dustin Stratton?
My mom paid $60 to enter me in a raffle for an iPad. I Already have an iPad....
Anyone still think Jason Garrett should be the head coach of this team? # fire sale
wow you really didn't like Shrew...haven't seen it yet...but hopes are not high.
Fashion was never my bag. Still waiting for my order of snow to arrive... BWAHAAHA
For all we may know this may only be a dream! We come and we go, So love me love me tonight! For all we know!
IIf your mind is filled with worry this morning, the thing you're worried about will be the tool God will use to do something BIG in you.
stop drinking :p
of to pick-up in a fancy way
yess what do you mean???
Went to the grocery store. Bought five items. Girl asks if it's okay to put them all in one bag. Almost said no just to fuck with her.
men think they're slick-we see u checkin out a girls ass and u act all offended n be like" i was lookin at her shoes!" i see u n ur eyes...
STORY OF MY LIFE. RT “: I Hate Feeling Like I'm Not Good Enough.”
The birds are on ESPN this afternoon. Outstanding, I get to watch in Hawaii. Let's Get-R-Done #Orioles and #caps do a number on New York.
thank you!! So excited!!
Im willin to bet i ate more rice last night than any of my followers
RT : I remember when I was passed over for Rookie of the Year. History did not record who won. This is because I shot him.
I miss YOU. I miss your BLANKETS. I miss your BED. Mostly though, I miss YOU. :(
The price of cars parked in the parking lot, will determine the amount your bill will be when you leave the store.
yes! I missed most of it but was able to listen in to the end of the ambitious care routine. I can't wait!
Struggling to walk. Sittin in the car tryin to focus on using my gas/brake pedal.
Try some individual eyelashes to change your look call for an appointment 901 794 0553
I do that too. Or I'll text, "when do you have time to talk" and set a sort of phone call appt.
Thanks for inviting me to speak earlier today on #mobile. Had a great time and met some fantastic people.
Okay, I'll let you know when I get it!
We can break water down into or build it out of hydrogen and oxygen. Yet that doesn't settle the question of identity or constitution.
so you think im a bitch? this is nothing.. yet :)
Damn!!! The Clippers game!
Thanks for the follow ! We're glad you're on the AMLI team!
lol horror be the best ones ctfu but life one of my faves
seriously, my OCC self can't take it
Hey I like your lyrics, wanna fuck?
I bought visual notetaking 101 too but can't figure out how to get the log in for the site...?
The bagel, an unsweetened doughnut with rigor mortis. ~Beatrice & Ira Freeman
Coming from out of town. I can drive you home though!
I had come into the city carrying life in my eyes amid rumors of death. - Sonia Sanchez
i got a new Twitter Bitchs Lmao.
Live jazz TOMORROW night Deserted streets Hole in wall OLDE TOWNE INN Sweet tea NBA on TV I recommend crab cakes Dateline: Upper Marlboro MD
all of the counties in Ohio that traditionally vote democrate went to Romney
Hi IMAP issue, cannot find server. Yes, I need a housecall.
: "the fun doesn't have to end" because there is another #thatcamp in Austin in June for Liberal Arts colleges
Washing tractors<<<
Wheres everyone @ tonight?? You guys need to get down to Deja Vu Showgirls for our free beer and $75 bottles of Vodka!!! FREE Limo rides!!
Everyone follow >>>>>he is so hot!!!
Noww my phone decides to work. Ive only dropped it 15 times on a hard surface. Other than that, its been dropped on rug. Wens my upgrade? ;(
Filming with the great tonight!
#BlackGirlsRock love it!
Every event is different and we keep making every experience better and better.
You know your nice when u play your Shit in public and random people are asking for mixtapes. We're about to get it.
Studying a primary source for an assignment on the history of France. The first portion is titled "Adam and Eve."
If you take each challenge one step at a time with faith in every footstep your strength and understanding will increase.
My carb cycling is not that drastic an amount & only 2 day low 2 day back to status quo. Nothing like I've done in the past.
Chris are u stil funny? long time no see
Early Spring awakening
Legalese reads like code—another domain-specific language for describing systems of interaction. The rest is exception handling.
"POLICE STATION TOILET STOLEN......Cops have nothing to go on."
when in doubt -->send flowers.
would like to invite to join us after the concert!
Orthodontics sucks.
I was seldom able to see an opportunity until it had ceased to be one.
at Bisnow breakfast learning how associations build non-dues revenue.
It is a beautiful day in our neighborhood! Take advantage of this early spring weather and visit the DHM this weekend!
Don't you mean Potty Mouth Pett?
i want YOUR Twitter. i'm pretty sure MY Twitter is still in its pajamas and morning breath.
Sitting here Rocking to new hot shit...> What we doing?> Shits RealBizness...
“: The Toyota Tundras are badass” RE FREAKING TWEET
haha your welcome so dude what class are you in ?????
Alfredo Aceves, man of the people Bet Ted Williams never did that. Looks nice in Ft Meyers
Interested in video production? Hit up www.RevolutionArts.net
Good luck Chef Bernard! He's competiting at the RFT's Iron Fork event tomorrow from 6:30-9pm. He is the reigning champ. Bring home a win!
SAN DIEGO
FUCK YOU BITCH JUSTIN BIEBER IS NOT A FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT U ARE
New Farmers Field Images Unveiled
Dinner with the #bff's
I quess looks like its finna be a bhadd weekend.! I have an attitude cuminq on but ima just relax n watch some movies
when i walked away after giving u a final hug, i started crying. i started crying even harder once i left skool grounds....
Hey are we getting excited for the Honors Gala this spring?
Your the one who's always on my mind when u don't text me when you ignore me at school when you act like you hate me... I still want you
Dang I just seen that I got they lyrics wrong smhh.
He will never leave you nor forsake you; do not be afraid, do not be discouraged
hey Massew! :p
The calendar fills fast! Just charter an MKE flight.
OWS Oral histories. Transparent and open. interview release forms created and used for participation and info sharing
"Just look on the bright side…it’ll only get worse!” He snickered as he smacked the toaster... ~ Paul Usher (Subjected: Eye of God)
Family dinner today. Wonder if my dad bought another keg.
Is in Austin without ...this just feels so wrong
ard just hmu when u wanna talk
I love it out there, even if I bitch about it the whole time I'm there lol
Could you imagine how much murder rates would go up if that was the case?
thats why they say save a horse ride a cowboy better fuel economy
I know it's out of your way but Northwind Animal in parkville/Towson is great vet if your looking for other choices
at what point did Ron Paul "fly off the handle"?
Whats so great about the Lens Kiosk? You dont have to leave your frames overnight in order for us to update your perscription. ;-)
love You we can't wait!
Go Girl!
I will ALWAYS have a soft spot for Broken Heart. I hope he does that at the Orlando tour stop
not that I've spoken that language in awhile but I'm coming back
Just had lunch with John Hawkes. Says Austin, Tx is his fav place in the world. Agreed
Mac and cheese at a fast food place? , they must be listening to you!
off and bumped his head. 1 more iconic jumping on the stage vinny fell off and bumped his head Geo called the doctor nd the ....
Thnx for the s/o! :o)
love ya nugget <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Thanks! RT : One argument I have never heard before for traditional publishers is that they offer superior Metadata services
seeing awesome dating violence PSA in "Dirty Dozen" with Teela Watson
If you don't wake up with money or progress on ya mind you are just a waste of energy
I hate it when you write something, then look back 43875 times to make sure nothings misspelled, then once you post it you find a mistake.
your welcome bestie :) whats complicated? Maybe i can help?
Was there, it was. RT Thanksgiving at ford field. Heard the boos at halftime...Must have been the halftime show idk.
Congratulations , , and check your DM for free tickets to
Our thoughts & prayers go out 2 the victims of the tornado damage. We will donate 25 cents 2 Red Cross 4 each new follower this wk. Pease RT
So my lil bro can dunk. . .wtf
i'd be concerned if you weren't on your own level!
Yes I do. I try not to listen to a lot of things because the more I know the more I'm liable for. So I didn't need to know
They have #drawsomething for android!?!
Happy Friday! Kick off your weekend with Beckett’s Happy Hour shenanigans from 4-7pm!
I want to work at a museum telling ppl not to touch shit.
we love you with 21 millions followers we alwys love you
awww i miss u too! Have fun at the strip joint haha
Checking in @ Glee Event @ Television Academy. "Gleeks" Everywhere including my daughter. She is Thrilled to be here as am I!
A2 A prods brand is shared with maker, distributor and customer
Hate being sick....i feel like crying.
#prayers please god, guide me in my life, please help me surrender to you everyday
you guys are dumb
Negative feelings are in you, not in your reality. Reality is just a reflection of these feelings. - Arnaud Saint-Paul
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation. -Jack Kinder
RT send me the acapellas and if ya'll mix it to the beat send me that too!
You Could Thank Me Now *Drake's Voice*.
thanks for the backfollow!
Say something cause your driving me crazy
looks mighty fine in her red sweater today. Nothing wrong with a little self-appreciation.
hello beautiful, how are you?
Foxwoods baby. Yeah.
never been on a bi-coastal date before. you figure it out, i'll wear my dancin' shoes.
According to House Hunters, all the black people in the U.S. live in Atlanta.
Thanks for raising your hands and on open peer review participation - others out there?
House OKs $36.5 million to keep #Hornets in New Orleans
I want a best friend. :'(
if RNG goes home im going to destroy everything in site
Gonna watch Avengers tomorrow. Hopefully its not sold out
Including the Brett Favre Pics? #OopsISaidIt!!
First time we're getting our hands dirty with the GoPro HD Hero 2. Stoked to see what we can get out of this little monster!
Hahaha why not??? Sounds like a good time!!!
thx! it was a reminder that i only put minimal background info on LinkedIn. BTW, just now looking at that grant app.
An awesome, articulate writer.
bo. how about you come to Piloxing for a Cure this Saturday at noon then?! :)
Of dogs lEclerc libeRal:-) MiCroFiLm numeRic
Good report from cardiologist this AM. Things steady! Will remain on current meds/dosage. Sleep study canceled. Positive news is uplifting!
Actually, I heard of it ten months ago, but it didn't happen anyway...So...
Man today has been CRAZY!
I wouldn’t have to manage my anger… If people could learn to manage their stupidity.
Ima punch your tarantula face Haha
SUCH a good fight! Cena got KILLED but ended up winning.
u better take me.
It's official - we're writing the sequel to #whyworksucks. Deal signed, writing starting!!
If we played a show in Steger, IL (which is about thirty minutes from Chicago) early summer, who would come see us?!
Derrion stole my headphones
Norman Juster~ You can swim all day in the Sea of Knowledge and still come out completely dry. Most people do.
we played all BB at lunch when I was with when the news came. *sigh* for lots of reasons
Trynna chill" do my own thang
after this goes off All That comes on...man this is making me miss the good shows that I watched growing up!!
Reenos last night >
Great pick up!! Hats off to my phins for finally making a smart decision
very funny babe.. i nearly fell off my dinosaur >=|
so glad to hear it - hope you like it!
Not sure, I don't mind the ads (I don't pay for anything).
At least watching #paint dry isn't as boring as watching grass grow!
Sexy can i pospone my manna girl you shake like ugh youve been hacked hahahaha
We do ship to NJ, the states we don't ship to are listed on our website
aww that sucks girl but I'm sure ull be able to make x factor!
we are in the marketplace in the center of the grounds, just west of the Summerfest store.
About to host a big focus group for my dissertation. Ack! Send me positive thoughts... Or is that positivistic thoughts? Meh! Deep breaths.
“: Hi Ladies ! Where are you in the world ?”. NYC and ITALY right now. Where are you?
Listening to the 18th version of Social Media Ethics at
“: Trash cans. Pittsburgh's tumbleweeds.” Haha Truth.
what evidence
RT New TMED project kick-off today with Community Hospital of Monterey Peninsula, Monterey. Congrats CHOMP & TMED team.
Great M.O..if you only put half in you will only get half back. That's not the way to be ur best.
do we get Troy Williams or is he headed to UNC
other awesome things: grateful storytime Dad brought the YS staff ice-cream, lobster for dinner, I introduced kids to fluffer-nutters.
Wondering if I should upgrade my vista laptop to windows 7...
Well, this trip is manageable. Bulls without D-Rose, Lakers possibly without Bynum, Kings/Blazers. Need 2 at least.
Why? What came out?
A day to myself, the fates have been kind to me!
Not on his nuts Sado...just disputing your original tweet. Go put some salve on your ass and drop the jealous bit.
i retweeted :) i love these band tour diaries! hope theres gonna be more soon :) x
Paul, that is so cool!! Have seen whales from Race Point Beach, but never from the air.
Would JEFF be interested in receiving a design-based donation (website, poster, etc...)? We have serial-killer (#Dexter) fans here!
Er I guess I mean groundhog
Rules to live by - RT : Be well. Be fair. Be fun.
Follow me at and get all the updates on my new pilot and website!
Trying my best to jus fall asleep
When you have someone in your corner who believes in you when others Doubted you..
really digging as main twitter client. clean/light/fast. was on nambu but now glad i can use a custom shortener with YF
I think misses Jane Skinner ;)
ahaha alright i'll try them but if i dont like them :'P your be hearing from me
From what I hear it's just a "black thing"...
Sleepy time for a brother.
Fab local pizza, Robert Altman's M*A*S*H and the lush cherry+licorice+white pepper of an 06 El Molinet (3:1 Tempranillo:Cabernet Sauvignon).
Space is big... I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the drug store, but that's just peanuts to space. -- Douglas Adams
My mind circles around circles: Do my circles need to overlap with people's circles in my circles to have a circling conversation?
That's how we ended up with lumpy peach pancakes the other week. According to my daughter, they were not a success.
Scream! That is fabulous fun! So proud of & for you Becca Woo Hoo!!!!
The things I see at 95th/dan ryan mcd's. Smh
working on my photos!!
MT : 60% of the weddings performed in US 2008 had no religious ceremony. This isn't about God. It's about protections & rights.
Ignorant people shouldnt have jobs
So does tax free shoppin include online purchases 4 nfl stuff? Cuz if so I'm bout 2 splurge on some ne Cowboys stuff
loving angels and gentlemen so so much! its toally cool if he's australian! hehee <3
NSD, Austins confirmation and Austin getting his train tracks off, could it be a Better day??!!:D
nawwww write in mine <U+2665>
Writing my sermon on faith that I will deliver today..which will be my last requirement for my 2 year Ambassador Bible Training program
in #sales, you can't build the roof first (like the books tell you...). you must build from the ground up. Roof is last.
Thanks for the tweet. We're big Uber fans. Stop in next time. Set of posters and expensive Cibo coffee on us.
Let God's Word nourish your body and heal your worries.
I am interested. I tweeted your post :) I have written on rape, race & colonial culture in 19thC S Africa
Made the jumbotron at graduation. I still think it was better being behind the basket when IU beat Michigan State. Go Hoosiers.
So glad I didn't step on him!
Aww lady bug!! Good morning!!
call/text me right quick cuz I have a business question.
I need to get myself a gymnast...those men are jacked!
Thanks for the follow. Interesting posts!
Air Force moves band to Japan, books more shows despite spending cuts
Time for the beach :)
We're offering free content for your blog or website. Direct message us for info.
GREAT. Another photo of me from last night that I'll have to detag. Thanks!
Last time you saw me I was in the blue thing with a supermodel, now I'm in that new thing with a newer model
Great tip from chef and fitness extraordinaire Dave MacDonald.
I wish I could separate the Mozart Requiem Lacrimosa from the Big Lebowski in my mind...
#nike phil knight, u stick w making shoes, we'll stick with protecting children. U see abuse, u #reportabuse til something is done no excuse
where was Stevie going through? lol
Did he Blind Side you with all his "NP" Tweets too?
Was up everyone. How was your day?
OWN YOUR VALUE PEOPLE!! if you don't nobody will....
where at bruh
I will not come at you bro!
dont u hate it when hair products dont do what there suppose to do ? :b
Keeping with the spirit of my last tweet, for the Frenchies out there, we're fighting against "SOPA" not "soap" - so please start using it.
"Your early bird payment gift - A Phillies coffee mug set - will be available for pickup starting Monday, April 2 at CBP?"
LWe change, we grow up, we fuck up, we love, we hurt, we're teenager, we still learning.
Yes, but always find time to take in the sights of #ABQ. Need any media relations/communications volunteers?
#3WordsForYou show you care
I miss when Lindsay Lohan was hot....
Looking for an affordable and experienced team of attorneys to represent you in any civil or criminal matter? Call us now! ~ 619.338.9500
I know it's been a while, but congratulations on your marriage.
Great Information Kit-Cat Contest for Dealers Giving Fans of the Popular Clocks a Chance to Ride in 2012 Tournament of Roses® Parade FOU
Successful authors write on a regular basis as a self-disciplined activity.
“: Shout out to and I for getting into Six Flags for free!”// hell yea
can't wait to lav all the male ballet dancers.
Thanks so much, Andrea!
RT Top 3 creative #GoodbyeNetflix tweets win 1yr subscription to Blockbuster <--- This is an excellent use of social media!
I agree. Been slacking.
at the beta convintion
loll. how long youu been up?
can i go back to friday and saturday & relive it over and over?
: Why don't you leave? :o
always stay jammin your music!
obsessed with the bag pipe section in the middle of "Under the Milky Way" by The Church.
That, my friend, is the secret to living.
ha! Thank you sir
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
I just wanna be the only girl you love all your life.<3
Excellent! (and true)
#astdrmc-Denison Bill Neale is very action oriented. Denison model will help us determine ROI from employee engagement
And now, the most evidently irrelevant award of the evening.
Who is LATTE' goggle me ;)
I knew you'd be addicted.
If Jacques de Molay had had a better lawyer, we wouldn't fear Friday the 13th!!!!
<U+2665> RT Im having an ugly christmas sweater party. I already have a DJ.. You are all invited.
take me
The count down is on! Mon, 10/4, UNCA will kick off the celebration of 100 years of urban community building in the USA
Thank you so much Lauren. We are honored!
Why do I love compulsively working out all the time?
congratulations!!!!!! Good work.
yep, he gone.
RT Great presentation by at
Come! RT Have a meeting 2day dangerously close to , may have to pop in and see the beauteuous girls and goodies!
Happy belated birthday! Hope you had a smashing one. Excited for all the good things growing in your life!
Be glad to answer that in person if you haven't left yet ...
electronic/dance
thanks for the RT, hope you're having a great Friday
from giving you the most amazing praise......
It feels like 11 o'clock on a Saturday night. The only difference is is that it's Friday night and not even 9:30...
watching The Killers. Totes forgot how hot Ashton Kutcher is
I love all these pics you upload, instigram is the best (:
You should follow He's just a wee little egg still, but there's some good religious & political nuggets in that brain of his.
wait what is going on
What was the name?
So.......we aren't having dinner Friday night? That's a bummer :-p
Love doesn't need reason. Love is a force as real as gravity.
There you go KU
I agree, surprised to not hear any media query mention either. Great overall though.
Wow, i'm really glad when Jesus laid hands2 heal the sick&restore the brokenhearted He was never afraid2 get His hands dirty
Gotta love that mc banter
i think and Chuck Norris should make a Movie Together :D how awsome would that be.. YA AWSOME!!!!
needs to cover ordinary people by john lennon on panio. Such a classy slow song..
because they don't know the rules of the game!
It's probably why I wouldn't want to live on a farm if that's where you're living by
Great short by ! Congrats! Lovely work up on the big screen.
No homo lol
S/O to all the Grandview Seniors graduating today .. Congratulations & I'm proud of yall :))))
How many rappers you think are dropping mixtapes on 4/20?
Online Poker has now been banned by Full Tilt and PokerStars in WA State. Please join and help fight for poker player rights in WA
But how to convey that? I used to tell my students that the American Revolution actually ended in 1814 -- at Waterloo.
I would leave a comment on those last few. But nah!!! You already know.
thank you god for letting my brother off of jail thank you with all my life!
what can we say, we love nerds!
in all honesty Skrillex isn't really house or dub step...but now a lot producers in both fields are influenced by him
Hurricane Katrina, dog fights, unwanted pregnancy, dead mother, alcoholic father, poverty. Bleak but beautifully written - Salvage the Bones
Yall leave my bro alone *revs up chainsaw* RT yo momma got a big head!!!!! *throws coffee mug*
i want to move to maryland and be on F5 anyone care to join me?(:
Man, am I a crappy mood!!
Not sure what we're naming it yet. Maybe "Testing the Rail." We're putting every ounce of energy into it.
alright, i might just do that. Lol
The Budweiser Clydesdale Horses are so upset about St Louis goalie Brian Elliot's performance they have gone on a hunger strike
Is it sad that i almost stared crying cause i love this school so much??
Great interview with on Sportfolio. Sharing the vision.
Just when you thought spring was here ... there is a "freeze warning" in effect for virtually ALL of Ohio tonight ...
This New Year will bring a new way to SAVE. GIVE. FEEL GOOD. Looking forward to launching
Awesome! Once the AZ heat hits full force I'm all about traveling & I'm blogging again =) Sorry I'll miss
Oh me too! My cousins in graduating from #UVA! Nate is doing well, thanks for asking, you're too sweet!
The world doesn't revolve around you, have some respect for others.
#amc was awesome and gave me a guest pass in exchange for the hunger games ticker I didn't use last night :-)
The wiz concert was great
as far as i know everybody loves the situation and if you don't love the situation imma make you love the situation
nice. Excited yo hear the New stuff
Everyone go follow my new twitter please! !!
Bam said the lady.
I think I just passed my apush test :)
Happy mothers day momma! I love you! Take a day for yourself! You deserve it!
who’s fat as fuck and going to las vegas in less than a week?
Ahahahah, yup, I got 'fully-grown bull seal' completely out of context. :D /cc
Still out of town guys. It seems like everything is happening this week. Have fun!
Put me in charge of the birthday pinata and one had better believe the outcome is a pinata full of beef jerky & trail mix.
would love to if we lived closer
thanks Chris!
And the gallons of red bull begin to flow...
Thanks, Shannon! We're pretty proud. :)
The only thing he used to be able to beat Tom Brady at was the fact that he had better commercials
We cant wait for the festival
Weezy take those blood pressure jeans off
I don't get it ::shrugs:: I just know that my servers stay locked up, and if I was a baddie I'd go after the servers first
What did your co-worker think Carne Asada is?
Damn my little sister is so grown up.. Time is flying
Travel Picks: Top 10 "ugly" buildings to visit
#FOLLOW our growing #network of #friends Things just get better when you & I are one.
ebook for the moment cutting the rewrit into six equal parts and releasing in volumes print and audio will come eventually
i Hate Homeworks
"It is more shameful to distrust one's friends than to be deceived by them." - Duc de la Rochefoucauld
Then, I wrote an email link on (com) to their 'spoof' dept. They emailed back that I had indeed been phished. Thankingme!
- I need some new numbers time fah me tew start socializing!!!!
#Countdown, less than 10.000 followers! Miss is coming close to reaching the 16 millions followers on twitter! Britney Army
this is like the definitive reports of Russ Grimm as Steelers coach. Or Bradley to Pitt from last year.
Its over. Fake conservative Santorum just took the undecideds.
Not foil. The fire and water feature a raised, high-gloss finish. No foil.
Professor Browder sounds a lot like Adam West... Batman is announcing degrees at #Simmons11!
hey hey hey are you with right now? follow me please:)
Men of NYC- what's with the fedora?? #really??
GO ON FACEBOOK NOW. :O It's very important.
luckyluckylucky! sweden & you? :)
Cool - thanks for the response!
Guys, I have unfortunate news. Teamwork dropped off the Jammin' for Japan show next week. BUT Voted Most Random will fill the empty spot. (:
New supporters are coming in from all over the world - thanks to you!
y'all are funny lol
My day is almost complete...Indy CD & Vinyl. :)
Same here...
Anyone think it would be cool to build your own ring. If I knew how Id build one in my back yard.?
really wish I was on a road trip. Those are always the best.
I'm working on it now thanks!
thank you for following Happy Super Bowl!
For you to sleep well at night, the aesthetic, the quality, has to be carried all the way through. Steve Jobs
That sounds like confirmation to me!
There is a car show going on today! If I didn't have to move furniture, I would so be checkin' out those babes!
Heads up. No TWiP today. We'll be back next Tuesday.
Is it just me, or does your iPhone (or other Smart Phone) make life SO MUCH EASIER?!?!?
Spoiler: Indianapolis Colts are going to select Ryan Tannehill just to troll the entire internet.
all done.
Coulda swore I heard a bird barking.
TY for the :)s Have a piece of coffee cake with that
But hey, we're showing those Republicans who the real tough guys are!
If you think you can do a thing or that you cannot do a thing, in either case you are right
Biggest moment in sports history for anyone in a #23 uniform since MJ did his magic for da Bulls.... WOW
#ThrowBackSong like you- bow wow, ciara.
Three Pinellas Co. Deputies And One Sergeant Fired for "Sustained Charges Of Extreme Loafing and Idling" - no I am not kidding
wanna buy me something & give it to me @ the Atlanta arena concert in 2013 ? I'm in section 115 row L seat 4! ;) xx
please follow me you would make my day thanks
Wrote and submitted a freelance story about Ed Debevic's in Chicago yesterday. Great place! I'll share the link when it goes live.
"I know I don't know you. But your pretty little eyes so blue, are pulling me in like the moon on your skin."
OK VTech!!! Good game v. Duke. I'm ready for March Madness!
The Sunday Supper menu won't be finalized until late Saturday eve or Sunday morn--can send you details as soon as it's set.
too confusing for you?
l need new txting buddies(:
awesome! I can't wait until September when he comes back. He only did 3 songs in Hollywood and 4 in Pomona but it was worth it.
lol. Its for my son's bed.
Save The Date! Conjunctured 2yr anniversary party is Sat. Aug. 21st. Facebook invite coming soon.
RT : Congratulations to on winning the Kobo Touch in our Twitter competition!
Either work or quit your job Congressmen! Dont double my Rate
it doesn't want to work??
Enjoying the outdoors helps you in be more physically active, it can also benefit you in other ways. Getting sun is good for your health.
Thanks for the follow!
..in bowl (on carne chili-nalleys lol)..couple squirts of mustard on chili..dump cheese on melt it a lil in microwave...YUM!
I love you your amazing please make my night and tweet me it would mean the world to me <33
#ff I know from his days as a back up dancer in Wham! Great paso doble dancer!
when you wake up in the morning and the sun blinds you in the face.
Only 1 hour and 6 minutes until the Big Announcement!! Ahh, I can't wait! So freaking excited!!(: <3
"You can't light a fire under anyone else without feeling some of the heat yourself."
I responded to ya "I love the falling in love feeling tweet" a while ago but didn't push send. That feeling I call drinks 6n7
It's Friday tomorrow! Damn this week gone fast!!!
Looking into Radian6 www.radian6.com for social media monitoring,. will blog with a review after reviewing
They say you shouldn't work harder but work smarter... I say you have to work harder and smarter
Great to see you connected your #kickanotchfamily via twitter!
The old guy on FTN did a mash-up of GOP Primary Flubs. They could do a whole show on Biden. nobama has a back like a ramrod and a big stick.
Wessel outlines key issues for negotiating contracts with publishers for both articles and books.
Got yelled at for taking photos today. What's wrong with a little competitive research?!
Nothing like some fresh brioche!
You know it's going to be a rough day when you can't remember the password to your computer.
Beware because Santa is looking at those pics and saying "naughty, not nice" :)
Charity should begin at home, but should not stay there. ~Phillips Brooks
I feel like I am walking into a trap...and I'm gonna die!!!!!!!!
tech should be free for schools....use that cash to pay down the achievement debt owed our students!
FINALLY! I decided not to buy a badass car just to help kick this off.
I just want to crawl back into bed and go to sleep!
Losing an organ is probably the scariest thought I've ever had, but who wouldn't do it for their pops...
I hate haters!
I got some panties to the first Black Eyed Peas album though.
'Chasshole' - new word for cheap asshole.
I dont play games wanna play games go get an xbox. Fuck out my life.
"Movie on the couch night"
:( achey runny stuffy getting
Wishing everyone a successful and prosperous new year!
That play was amazing! Way to go thunder!!!!
EVERYBODY THAT READS THIS TWEET WILL KNOW I LOVE BRIANNA LATRE JONES (KEYS)
Pat rocks !
Be careful what you ask for these days<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Cheers! L'est not forget that the rooftop will be open and our infamous "Wheel of Cheese" will be spinning for prizes tonight!!
"we're all gonna die ... so lets get high"
they better have a glove and boot warmer booth in the lot
- there's much more room up on the balcony. :)
True, but there are much better informed and eloquent people working those issues.
Back in the office in Chicago after a good week in the Bay Area. Looks like an epic storm is headed this way.
great message! ha! Ready for a new Twitter war? Happy New Year to you and the Newsplexians!!
(Also #protip, never feed the trolls but if you do see them muddying your #amst260 tweet-stream w grossness, block or report them for spam)
Er... lay off. Still not good.
Talk to me about crazytown bananapants
These gals are fightin on Ozone!!!
#TeriHatcher Much love! Sundays won't be the same without you
Happy birthday to my cousin more like sister ! Love u babe
That is usually how I combat this. Sitting still isn't really in my DNA regardless of coffee intake.
well gage rattled off 12 points...today not bad for a 7 yr old. Now we r watching #Cuse ..Love these father n son moments!
*checks time*
Gas prices are high enough, yet they expect people to sit in traffic everywhere. Son of a fucking bitch.
McGlincheys now has vegan hot dogs so I can have cruelty free food poisoning
Sweet, but We Want the Head Honcho position for ...Tell'em President HERMANator is on His way to the White House.
Omg.. I am doin a power point an its so boring uhh
i f***ing missed the westminster kennel club again! time to mark my calendar for next year's :/
RT : Thanks for the shout out! Hope to be in your shoes one day! <<< Aw thanks!
RT : RT : Q3 Have you been able to change your firm’s beliefs about social media? Strategies that work?
Missed it - doh! Was fab, I'm sure!
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<33 Follow me Babe
Thunder cheating hard smh
so your probably the cutest person ever.. I love your hair!
Haven't received a Chef Hall of Fame vote from Call 858-634-4410 if you want to be part of Monday's photo shoot!
Welcome to Cleveland. Have a great race.
yea you do that because I need to go and make some progress lol
haha he's still make us do stuff though
I know right? They're slacking on their parent duties..
thanks baby! love you and can't wait to hangout!! :)
egg matzah? who would have thought? turning non-jews into jews here at TS
i feel sorry for people who have dentures
You know when you love your job when you look forward to seeing your kids after break. I sure did miss them!
up early, for a Sat., to take down art installation. thanks Isis-cat for the 5:30AM wake-up "meow!!"s
*yawns* i'm getting tired goodnight goodnight #mahomies sweet dreams :)
I'll have Kip send you another email!
Just book a play date for them, then have at it.
For anyone that lives under a rock, the new and song dropped. And it's epic. Get on it!
Buckets are Back! THURSDAY's
The box said 'Requires Windows 95 or better'. So I installed LINUX.
so uw is the only D1 girls hoops program in wisconsin that matters?
should I take it apart to dry? What do you think?
I wrked twice and hard
..good mornin' family* Let's start the day off with Victory in mind; because the minute you scared to lose; you lost already* …
I only got 3 and they weren't real good. Wasn't much fun.
just helped a client set up a twitter acct and within 5 mins he had 20 porn followers. any way to prevent that? he was not thrilled
Y'all missed the #simpsesh last night! I was on one. A strong one. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Celebrate Mom this weekend w a delicious brunch special at his restaurants
“: karleeelovesyou HAPPY BIRTHDAY BY! I LOVE YOU! HAVE A GOOD DAY <3” thank you :) I love you! <3
Broncos are on the clock with the 31st pick. Who do you think they will pick?
sounds good!
Agree on both accounts. But not that I would hit it, that Brett would.
Yes, many divorce decrees still set rules for lovers to be around the children.
Deep cleaned our apartment today, and it felt so good!
K-Rod?!? More like, "LAME-ROD!" Sorry for the language up there.
They just took the menu away. What's that? I ordered pho with shrimp. :-)
Crayons are a lot like M & M's, all the colors taste the same
SUCKS - a $150 change fee applies to UPGRADE to 1st class on same flight?! Um, I have 2 pay u for the privilege of giving you more $?
Guess I am staying for the spring game.
Many Evacuate in #NewJersey ahead of
Can someone loan me the force choke power?
wifes in a wedding - needs me here - ill see you starting next week - for 2 weeks. get ready
The Washington Post article about is included in today's e-newsletter. Inspiring story - can't wait for it to open!
Two positions to watch at Broncos training camp is cornerback and safety. How many CB's will Denver take into the regular season? Safeties?
Wow! Hey let's do a show about growing up in East Nashville! One hour show a week! Everone would love it! You host!
You mad bro?
Just ate some eggplant without the aid of alcohol or peer pressure. I have no idea what's happened to me.
yea bro n thats the same days
Just watched my boys cat call earl. That shit was fucking hilarious
they kids annoying tf outta me.
: <U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> Waiting for <3
Have a nice night (:
Yeah, but I think a lot just has to do with familiarity, too. The cats have to teach them boundaries :P
U R different from me ....... so I Listen & intuit certain tings ..... I make sure that it is directed wit a touch of Me & U
HOLY FUDGESICLES! It's blastastically cold outside, and me timbers won't stop shivering!
Whats up Pee-Wee hope all is well my friend just got me a twitter account I m following you follow me take care.
But what good is getting upset and complaining
15 more days!!!! please find away to speed up time!! K, thanks <U+E405>
hey...so...can we get #levilowrey trending already?
oh oh oh, I would love it. I do LOVE oysters.
lol that was funnnay :) I miss being on your team!
Furthermore, if German Embassy represented, why not Danish? (I would definitely tweet them daily asking if they were having any trouble.)
did catch your name and im ryan bartling
yeah u do live way to far from me :(
I could lie and say that living the single life is fun but *exhales* there's something missing!
Follow and they will follow back!
only YOU have the power to build or destroy your own Reputation
You can set yourself up to be sick, or you can choose to stay well
Whos a pothead
it's no wonder yankee games take 5 hrs
my grandfather just die, and I am very sad?!?!? :(
How do you decide what you are comfortable sharing online and what you prefer to keep private? Do you have any online sharing regrets?
"If things get any better, we may have to hire someone to help us enjoy it."
we had an Awesome show last night with Late nite Run, , and peach and the pilots! we also raised lots of $ 4 charity
I Miss My Brother :((
#Bad Luck
Like in Grand Theft Auto! RT : Bruno's Hardware sounds like a place you go to buy a gun lol
what channel?
Just good taste I guess !! Been a Yanks fan all my life.
Papi and Steroids. Say it aint so.
Ron Paul will probably never be our Commander-in-Chief, but at least he got to play the President in X-Men: The Last Stand.
Happy Birthday!
Just some creepy man stalked me to my car, there wasn't any security there that early.
You can feel the somber mood here in SF. <U+F8FF>
I know your proposal had to be a bit more romantic, yes?
it's sad when mark Reynolds is an improvement. He could've made that play at 1st <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Savor Albuquerque starts today!! We couldn't be more excited and hope you are too!
Watching tear it up in his first solo class
we're still ironing it out -- and I are trying to work out a co-teaching arrangement.
Thankful && Beyond Blessed That God Allowed Me Too See Another Day!
We're 9th in the world in free reference apps!!!!!!!!!! So cool!!!! Happy New Year everyone!!!!
Time to go & mow our 3 acres of grass-It's only March & I'm mowing already-I need to let it turn into a field & save the time & money
ughh yes! And I want tex to just have one lol
What's stopping you from creating the initial step to making change? (asked by from )
Loved seeing the #YoungLife crew tonight
Rollerblades are never fiyone on a man
phew, read that just in time. I tuned in halfway through the intro. Well done.
McBob's Pub and Grill 50% off on www.crowdclick.com!
I'm down
i gotta do something to fix my time clock, stayin up all night and sleepin half the day is not good... lmao!!! =P ->KimBeezy<-
50 miles out from Charlotte, NC.
STEVE BLAKE
Oh, naughty :)
Is the traveling show the same as your Vegas show? I loved u in Vegas and I want my wife to get the full experience
I suspect the day will be largely ignored by the passive in Austin
I said I was starting my diet today but fuck that . This chipotle calling my name !
all arounder! High five'
John! Congrats on making the video! You should tweet mo
So I can wear it as a watch?
Same here... and when I come the ATL, let's make sure to meet in person! Ciao Bella!
wants our project park $ to be used in our community.
Good choice Major.
Some corps are trying to make mentoring part of their culture for both men and women.
Great #edtech interview on TC. is a great company. We'd love 2 show u how our ePortfolio platform showcases users knowledge
<TY for #FF! Have a great weekend!
I'll be Nick Dos Equis.
Ey were finally doing something productive in here, (were watching a movie) XD
is killing it!
Check out for free at sweetbandsapparel.com right now!
Seems like everyone. At least they say it to me :( RT : who says this?!
Feels like somebody is pourin buckets of water outside
+|!!~| COME GET YOUR CRUNK ON..... SATURDAY MATRIX --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Kobe is a straight gangsta......can't stand that kat...LOL
Tweet along with our #HSCI presentation. What's your opinion?
follow me everyone
here! will reply to your dm now
oh so you read Baggot's column today too?
Netflix has me addicted to the Dr. Who series but they're missing several key last Tennant episodes. No!!
School. Work. Sleep. "/
Great! I'll be watching for details.
OMG the season finale is already awesome. I can't believe they were in a plane accident!
I want some food.
Entomologists' moms must be very proud of their children's deeply fulfilling and profoundly liberating profession. #sarcasmintended -__-;;
Aw thanks Ness!!! You are to!!! Beautiful actually -smiles big-
eww. rim jobs.
We still need all of you to follow today
Sounds like you only played about 20 games
it's Friday and ain't the beer cold!?! #cheeseface wants a steak dinner
eating goldfish and watching tv and u
is so amazing.<21
you are at the library too?! me too. haha. twins! lol
RT : Ford looks at ROI as keeping people engaged because people sometimes wait 10 years between a purchase with them
clearly the girls that don't know that by now haven't seen the movie.
All knowledges are Consciousness conditioned by perception, emotion or thought.
thank you <U+2665>
Turning in for the evening after an amazing pizza...and yes, I ate the WHOLE THING! Tomorrow I think I will do a 70.3 in Panama
OKAY KIDDIES! Time for bed
Sometimes I don't get all ur tweets so forgive me if I don't reply and knw that it's always appreciated:)
We don't need more whole grain and dairy in our diets.
High School was hell for me. But listen here: It gets better. It really does. "These are the best years of your life" is bull and a lie.
When midnight hit im walking outside butnakked screaming happy birthday 2 me
Thanks so much. We really appreciate the support/interest from our fellow Virginians.
The hardness of butter is directly proportional to the softness of the bread.
Have safe trip!
Don't forget to Enter To Win the Extreme Summer Make Over!!! Winner will be drawn at the end of the month.. Good Luck!
I'm too goddamn hurry the fuck up
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 49
If your going to and actually know who we are, Erik, Chris, and Lee will be there. Hit us up so we can hang out!!!
I wish I was a mind reader, but I'm not. SO TALK!
Sweet. One of the best times of year. The tomato menu is back. Fried green tomatoes with crab remoulade. Unreal.
who is Nolan ?
25 school days left
On the Miller Ferry on the way over to Put in Bay.
Thanks for following, I do follow back and also tweet back.Have a good evening.
HAPPY NEW YEAR! Wishing you the greatest 2012.. In fact I am still enjoying the last 1.5 hours of 2011 here in LA:d
If you don't understand my silence, how would you understand my words?
I know!!! I think I like it though...can't sleep. yes!!! It was pretty amazing tonight. Scott was hilarious!
hahah, so you're team #Forwood then :D
Hey I just met you and this is crazy. But here's my number. So call me maybe <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
help me!
Does ur man ever cook, do the dishes and deal w the kids? It's a really nice feeling :)
OMG im like cryin all bad rite now chachi replied to me... hahah imma die! :p
Excellent Job, Maryland Senate, in passing marriage equality!
Way to have some restraint Kristopher! I know you wanted to crosscheck the hell outta him. That is why:
What are you practicing today on your #guitar?
Feeling stressed? Come in 4 a therapeutic massage to get relaxed and ready for the weekend. Go to www.massagedc.com 4 your $10 off coupon.
Austin is shining TOO much now. I'm all perspiring. <U+2600>
8 more Ibs to go and I'm taking that vab!
Amber IS Back!!! Price is Right Again
Fall for it if you wanna....
Helena friend says Deloitte is advertising in the IR for positions to fill the State contract they won over Northrop. Shady deal.
Tweet something! lol
About to go to play practice. awesomeness all over
Selena -- j lo played her in a TV movie. Her assistant killed her supposedly
I do love ghost stories especially first hand accounts! Can you give me your opinion on my short film? It's on my website
yeah FLA LSU basketball at 6pm...But I know who you WON'T be cheering for. ;)
#1 there are none better
Auby & Preezy keeps it in the "friends zone" lmao
OMFG WERTYHJNDBJS IS THERE A PIC OF ZAYN WITH A KOALA? I WILL DIE AW OMG
I always like helping people out so its no biggie :))
Just touched down in Philly for #PLA2012!
You're not following me, so I wilk tweet you my goal(s). My #1 goal is to meet One Direction.
Don't be fooled. As a salon you do not need a big, expensive flashy website. You need a simply and attractive website that get people 2book
Looks like we have a competitor... Retweet followers so we can get more followers!!
Who needs coffee when you have habanero?
Reality&Truth R Never Popular Concepts!I served in da military&marched in protest against an illegal war while choosing2enlist in medical!
Omfg. You bought the same exact dress that I'm wearing now, haha
Crazy is a good word here.
I need to move some where that warm all the time.
wow, congratulations!
you like getting ripped off by people who are making money off your treatment of your 'disease', not the cure to your 'disease'
have fun
Celebrate God. Sing together—everyone! All you honest hearts, raise the roof! Psalm 32:10-11(the message) -Perfect theme for
Just had an amazing lunch Ko
We got some time in early May! Thoughts?
Imperial Beach today, free samples of pie @ the watermill on 13th and Coronado. LOOK FOR THE MAN WITH THE SILVER PAN.
Go caps go rangers but most importantly go
Start crying !!!! #nuggets win!! Yes baby!
big shoutout to: the entire WGTB exec board for not tweeting anything irrelevant to college radio in 2 days. now time to reset the counter.
Real change comes from having a relationship with Jesus. Everything else is counterfeit.
"Obviously, the best way to display my adorable new manicure is to contort my hand into a hideous monster claw." - Every woman on Tumblr
Where should we go to dinner tonight?
Hurrah, happy New Sock Day to you! Enjoy your new toe socks! :D
straight up it was
New strains just in @ the Farm!! Come check it out!!!
Finals week. I'm going to listen to one song, and one song only.
Ugh. I'm bringing an apron for the presentation, b/c I'm not wearing a tie on a Monday. :P
Serious house cleaning binge. I'm feeling very accomplished!
Aye man who hiring im tryna get my intrepid fixed
you look way too nice to be a casting director! And in fact all the CD's I have met in LA so far are.. I like this.
I think that depends on individual. Can also feel like a battle with yourself and others to get to the joyful parts.
The only thing I trust a girl to drive is a shopping cart.
Seattle, Portland and San Francisco in the next three weeks. I should probably plan.
Hell yeah, thank you. The whole EP is on YouTube and we're recording our full length right now!
Giving my mommy the perfect mother's day gift. Its homemade... but I know she's going to love it... Really can't wait to see her face.
naw its today
Celebrated April/May birthdays with some delicious pie today! Thanks, :)
. Think im right around 20_23 hrs
TUNES AT MONONA TERRACE Wednesday 5:30pm - An Evening with Ole Blue Eyes A Tribute to Frank Sinatra
blue machine is my reason to get up today
what's your name on draw something
Drake Younger is backstage. He and Jacobs have some unfinished business in the ring. He challenges Jacobs to a deathmatch.
RT Big day for BB for state of WI! Lets go #mubb and #Badgers! Don't forget about the !
yeah, that's where a lot of people first heard them. it was great exposure<3
in my bedroom i have and couple events. but not like i was. i was touring thru out the midwest. just focusing on family...
Time for my nightly twit.
Great point. Could they be? Should they be?
Should we start building an arc?
except you :/ lol
Will be interesting to see if FB actually integrates Instagram at all or is just using it to boost perceived stock price.
Does Israel have dance moms?
Two hours fighting Wordpress and I am very clearly reminded why I am making the new library website sans CMS. This is awful.
Yeah on my BIRTHDAY!!!!! So awesome! Only thing better would be meeting them! (Hint,hint)
Of everyone I follow you are by far the most worthwhile.
Too soon?
Shout out to some college faves that came out winners this weekend. Texas Tech, Baylor & OU. LOVE this time of year!! All we need is rain.
Some people said chinese product is cheap quality, I want to tell all of you, that's because of the business owner.
That looks so good that it kinda makes me want to cry.
It is perfectly acceptable to adjust your grocery/food budget during pregnancy, right? Food cravings + the pregnant woman = moolah...
in a really horrid mood....very annoyed....not in the mood for people....
Thanks, the image was hilarious.
Really? Jazz really lol
I wanna fall alseep....but I have to watch my sisters :/
it's a word that describes a person who is strong enough to enjoy life without having to depend on someone else
no problem bro just trying to help :D
Remember, is staffed all hours the Knowledge Center is open. We accept poster printing jobs until 1/2 hour before closing.
well knicks won
I am in a room full of artist Singing along to man in the mirror :-):-):-):-) yes lol
I hear you .. I thought you bought that
I'm aboard the
Recording with Ami Saraiya then swinging old school with Myles Hayes at the Firehouse. 6:30-9:30
i'll never be victim to a #mayo sneak attack. im on guard all times. eating at today, mayo-free zone.
they have to be so tired
"The course of true love never did run smooth." Best of luck with your play!
Friends don't let friends manage the
#OomfNeedsTo stop eating. Dude, ur gonna get fat
The person I'm texting>>>>>>
done with my first final
uh-oh. Raindrops on the laptop, not good. Moving this #amwriting party indoors!
It is good that Mr. Santorum is discussing apocalyptic theology because the last time his party held the White House it was near Armaggedon.
Hopefully we didn't miss anyone.. who else from cast and crew has a Twitter?
Proud of my boy for keeping the Buckeyes together. Your true character as a leader shows up when adversity sets in!!!
Hey hope you have a good night =) could I text you? I'd send you a direct message, but still tryin to figure that out lol
www.pirateradioportland.com on LIVE right now until Midnight pacific time. Play punk drunk-with and
Rehearsal tomorrow (Wednesday 4th) at 8pm. Upcoming events can be found on our website's Shows page.
People need to stop selling onTwitter and shouting their message and start getting more involved in the interests and lives of the people.
Weds night party @ mosaic tonight!
when sixth graders think i wont confront them.
Although I drift more and more to the right with every week that passes, I remain captivated by Pres Obama when he's speaking
presentation in like 20 minutes SO NERVOUS
Just did an ego google search for "Mahmud" and found out I have my own wikipedia page and also my fb profile is one of the top results :D
Billionaire Clive Palmer is going to build a replica titanic and sail it from London to New York
What your favorite Hollywood movie with a wang shot in it? Let us know!
Seattle. It's where we are training my Mke crew leaders this year. Heading down a few days early to wander around tho
amen,you are not alone on that.
cool, sounds good. I will build on that! I hear he's a nice guy. Thanks! :) :)
Giving myself a treat and going to bed before I get sucked into the #bachelorette. Count me in for next week...
When are your YouTube videos gonna be back up on YouTube???(: I'm about to die!”
Thunderstorm! Heating blanket is out. I've got the curtains drawn, sweatpants on, and life feels sexy.
Inspirational story of friendship, cancer and goals. Click blog www.knowledgesafari.com
If parents say, "Never take candy from strangers" then why do we celebrate Halloween?
OLP eDiscovery for Law Firm Leaders in 15 hrs. Short course to learn everything u need to know. www.theolp.org Interactive online.
When are they going to come out with a show about the nursing assistants at nursing homes called "American ass-wipes"
BUT THE NEW CARTOONS ARE GOING TO BE IN 3D!
i'm so excited for you to come to the east coast soon!! :)
Woot woot! RT : Morning Twitterverse. Hands up if you're kicking ass and taking names?
RT : Every man should know how to: Please his woman. Eat It Up, Beat It Up, Satisfy all her wants and needs.
full 1080p hd streaming coming in 2012
#KKTNY I love Kris shaking them up. Keeps them on their toes. Lol.
I am working so not many tweets 2nite but the last game is tied in the 2nd inning, hmph, so glad I'm not watching.
Make your goals specific. If you drink 2 sodas/day, commit to drink 1 soda/day. Make that goal for a few weeks, when it ends make a new one.
Don't judge me until you know me. Don't underestimate me until you challenge me. And don't talk about me until you talk to me!
Through out the history of man we have alot to be ashamed of I hope I type the correct we go back to the Spanish Excuisision..
yea but my pinky is to tiny and then I cant walk if I put that on
No Pie. I'm disappointed.
so weird. It doesn't feel like I'll be graduating in a month and one day.
I don't need to cheat! I Gotz me some Mad SKILZ!! (Or whatever it is the kids are saying these days).
Top five undergrad degrees awarded by the College of Engineering last weekend: Mechanical, Industrial, Electrical, Biomedical, Civil.
what class is that?! Lol
haha thanks! Doing great girl! How about yourself??
Whew! According to our medical records, it is impossible for Dani to get pregnant. Desire, here we come!
Me too. What a wild night. Fading fast, but hope to make it - want to see Biffle in victory lane :)
I didn´t finish my homework for tomorrow EHEHE
I may want to change my passport photo first
I just wanna wake up and have everything be fixed I feel like complete shit
Still 2011 here - treading water fast as we can trying to catch-up.
April is about to be cruel indeed. Much too busy.
i think what is really meant by the solar storm is #SXSW because Austin is getting frenetic !!!
please keep my grandma in your prayers <3
At statewide #bagbill hearing (SB511) Sen. Montgomery wonders why its such a big deal to bring a bag?
If I die at the same time as Brian() we are getting bunk bed coffins.
I have the worst headache <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
You bet! Have a great week :)
RT : at , doing work! [Go Abby! Love that you're setting a good example.]
Guilty on all charges. Waiting for State's Atty Anita Alvarez to comment.
I'm going to throw out the hypothesis that you are failing miserably at getting it under control.
Check out what #GooglePlus is doing - Google San Francisco Giants and see what it looks like on the Right Column
it is
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness
#dfwama has officially started! we are thrilled to be part of tonight's panel!
Dear essay/book report thing w.e the teacher called you i don't wanna have anything to do with you k!!!
I might have been just over tired and run down the past few days.
RT : Unlike Obama, President Gingrich would NEVER bow to the Saudi King. He's too top heavy to risk leaning forward.
I need some Shena time !
it was so good to see him today! he told me he missed me.:) now going to bed because I've got cramps from hell.:( goodnight!
Oh: I'm really not concerned about what you think or say.
Yup… it got me in. Many thanks!
lmbo...the shit that happens on the spur of the moment!
Back in beantown for celtics game tomorrow night with Tim.
Fuck it's like having 5 Sullis in one group.
Immersed in Christ, we may be sure that our life-yes, that familiar one we are each so well acquainted with-will never stop: Willard
Thanks for your support and the FF mention. I appreciate all the help I can get.
hahha stop being a hater dang.! You been on that hater ish since day one.!
Everyone talks about the great job Walker has been doing. Everyone needs to remember Rebecca and her great work too.
updating lock to daylight savings time, what fun
ikr so did u anser my questions
Our HR department keeps the clip art makers in business.
Rainbow cupcakes . !
good luck in KC Peyton. Hope you regain beast form against every team not named Cleveland.
hell yeah got MT game watching him
“: I think our own ID is in constant flux" couldn't agree more. Often wall off my different audiences/facets online #futrchat”
So happy for you and your success! I remember 'friending' a new artist long ago and look at ya' now! Congrats-well deserved:)
dude i'm pumped, we're gonna have a great friday :)
Watched my Grandma play basketball last night at her old high school, had some delicious Jenkins chicken salad, about to have a massage!
I am really starting to enjoy having weekend nights off. :)
Just remembered I took tomorrow off to relax. Huzzah!
From now on, I will be rating TV characters I hate as a percentage of Joffrey. Theon Grayjoy is still only .25 Joffreys.
oh well im out,, nite yalll
haha he lives in Indy and he like came to my school to work out.
Thank you Talia! Warm wishes XOXO
Justin looks so flawless in the Forbes photoshoot
god save the USA get Reid of liberals and democrats
Hey everyone, sorry I haven't been on twitter in forever... I feel so bad :(
Thanks for the #FF. Have a great weekend. Hope you're doing well.
The lovely folks at just made my day!
whats up ashton? ill give u 1 hint me! lol i love punk'd by the way
The 8 Mile final rap battle: designed to be Derby handicapping music, actually. ... "That's a private school."
is so attractive.
Just bought 15 songs on ITunes... #oops #mybad #addictedtomusic <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
She's Not A Hater...Makes Her Sound Calculated. She's Just Nutts
This was such a great day! I give thanks to the Creator!
working hard to break 36-hour record as longest bell-ringer in Salvation Army history. He's at Wal-Mart on Old Seward & Dimond.
THIS, <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>, +1, <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><U+27A4>RT #Sponsorship should not a be approached as a transactional mechanism to secure revenue.
saw that , was hesitant to pull the trigger
yeah I think we will get to it. RG I is a cool cat.
Cheers. RT : thanks for the follow and tips. I'll definitely be lookin for MSM posts
first time in nyc where i could picture myself living here.
okay cool. :) then, let's hang out Friday!!
Actually, Peyton HIMSELF says he isn't yet healthy. #FactsStraight 36yr old QBs don't win, historically. I'll cry to that!
Good morning very temprano in the school
Don't take anything for granted either appreciate everything...
#PLUR Peace. Love. Unity. Respect. These are the things I will never forget. <3
Check out our associate Ned Mulligan who handles #personalinjury #medicaldevice cases. You can also follow him
Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.
r u home-schooled???
Food Truck Day in Del Sur, along with Bocce and bring your own growler day!
Just too bad he didn't keep his $AAPL stock instead RT Steve Wozniak says he'll buy Facebook stock regardless of the price
Thanks for a great season! your all thr best! God Bless! #AFCWestChamps #BroncosCountry!
"If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader." - John Quincy Adams
Sitting here this morning just trying to wrap my head around the fact that it is April second, 2012…
How many states are embarrassed to be part of this same country as North Carolina tonight?
better off man trane your UFC for next few months lol. Your tap out game might be a bit rusty ...
sorry... I thought I already was following. Fixed now. :-)
saw that - very tempting!
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. Muriel Strode
lmaoooo!!! He TRIED that!
yea sounds good to me. you wanna go?
I need Starbucks #now #please?
Well I guess I'll have to go then. Where is it?
I go out of my way to swerve at geese in a parking lot.. Just because their so mean
S/O to Law&Order for playing rape episodes on Mothers Day...Da fuck?
Studio flow
purging my google reader of unread feeds.
Payton special class 101 Lmao found it in his back pack
Here is the test to find whether your mission on earth is finished. If you're alive, it isn't. ~Richard Bach
stop being RACIST!
I'm coming down with the rockin' pneumonia.
": Boys:Ask for pictures with no clothes. Men:Ask for pictures with no make up."
And congrats to Janice Price, CEO of Toronto's Luminato Festival, who has introduced magic to the last two festivals.This lady is with it.
Ever met a woman named David? I did :P
How Did She Die? :(
Ladies in Denver, watch out for Kobe tonight if the Lakers lose
like its snowing?
phone screen keeps getting worse ..
Lots of talk. I'm not sure how I feel about that
ok, sign me up for that one too.
how happy are you?
Heading out to the resort(: Im so excited...XD XD luckily there is Wifi!!!
I love you...
yeah thats the reason
NIce! It's only a matter of time before the money starts rolling in.
my team is about to win the national championship. Your team just left mcdonalds.
yay! Ok thanks so much!
I'm hanging in there. Of course I know lol. I wouldn't miss it for all of Middle Earth
The bleeding frogs
Mega Millions jackpot for Friday night's drawing climbed even higher – to a world record $540 million.
chris rock used to rap lol
I got what u feen for
Thank you! :
she know we right lmao
know someone fighting cancer! #PrayForAlexRiegle he's a high school freshman fighting cancer!
I am going to start writing stand up comedy monologues, just shit from my life.
#EDULive - EDUCAUSE Live - Great session on the 2012 Horizon Report - mobile and tablets are important. 67 commercial tablets available!
worried about a ticket, use our click to call feature on our hompage and get a free consulation with a Miami Traffic Attorney
Woke up phone 3%
I know I am so excited! Hopefully he comes to Cleveland because my mom refuses to take me anywhere but, since I'm going to
I think I needa go to the pool today. It's too nice.
First class of a series with The Bold and the Beautiful Casting Director Christy Dooley tonight at TVI Actors Studio. I love learning :-D
so sweet haha
geometry homework then getting ready for the band banquet!
Animal Collective - Gotham
I asked for rain and thunderstorms and here it is
Yes we will! Booth 505. Hope to see you there!
Anyone playing #animalcrossing today?
WTF Ozzie? Killing me! “: Ravens Fans---> RT : Baltimore trades pick, Minnesota now on the clock.”
Would you go grey if you could transition and get low lights that day? You'd be brown and grey or salt and pepper, just natural looking.
Check out The Bearded Gentleman: The Style Guide to Shaving Face! Rolling into stores now!
#Random, but do other people also enjoy snapping their toes? I've rediscovered this
writing a press release for next weeks artist panels and getting ready for artomatic this evening
I have 6 tattoos.
New tattoo in week. So stoked to have Robot Tattoo and Piercing in NW doin the art work Shana is awesome.
Spending the day outside!!! :)
Watching Dream House =D
Surprised to find--via Words with Friends--that there is no word "sud," as in "soap sud." Yes, the OED has it, but not good enough.
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." ~Henry David Thoreau
Running Tip: Do not increase your mileage more than 10 percent per week. This will help prevent injury.
On 1/24 Tom Shaw Trio accompanies Matthew Martin at San Francisco's Rrazz Room!
trouble...please the only trouble I get into is the trouble I cause.....ha better be careful:-)
Great hike today! :)
"You know guys I actually kinda like it when a girl is kinda flat chested" - said by no man ever
Loyalty over Royalty
1144 remaining....FINS and bruins are TIED at 42!!! LETS GO FINS!!!
his name was Ishi, and he was kept by an anthropologist named Alfred Krueber. There is a good doc called Ishi the Last Yahi.
I think discernment is necessary to exude biblical manhood
CHELSEA!!! What a game. That should be required watching.
Hey Sharon, thanks for the follow!
In spite of a decade's worth of bad games, I'm still excited about Sonic Generations. What has anybody heard about it?
I'm going to name my child "Dick" that way he can go by "Richard" if he wants to.
#Hawks will get the last shot here, down 2 with 9 sec. left. Holy Toledo.
#IWishYouKnew how hard it was for me to deal with a lot of racism when i was in grade school
RT : Be careful posting on social media! Too much info will result in violating patient privacy. Read the white paper......
TEXT-S&P summary: St. James's Place U.K. PLC
RT - Did u know? Camden Yards opened 4/6/92. #Orioles vs the Cleveland Indians. Our game on 7/15 will be against the Ind...
haha no big deal!! I'm extra tired today though
I had only two hours of sleep an I still feel like a GOD<U+26A1>
#detroitbiz 2nd stage panel Mark Davis. Every biz owner has access to $5 million under SBA programs! Time to talk with
i declare I need to call u! Lol!!
“: I was just thinking that RT Milwaukee rappers <” fucking losers.
I'll do better I promise. I have four jobs
Definition of face to face inaction requiring the ability to smell the other person. Love it.
I understand not showing on Super Bowl Sunday BUT waiting til the 19th! We need daily twits. Will is hella sexy w that bat!
Hodgdson's West Brom had scored the least amount of goals at home of all clubs this season. Great choice FA ;-)
People with iPhones should pay higher car insurance
Pirates play the Nationals again (7:05, televised on ROOT) after yesterday's 5-4 win.
REAL TALK @ IAMHEALTHYHAIR
Good Morning Everyone! It is definitely a Chick-fil-A Day. Start if off with Fresh Lemonade and your Favorite Breakfast Meal! :)
Thanks! (although the blog is on--maybe--permanent break)
Life is what happens to you while you are planning to do something else
Very true.
Someone needs to do something about the 6-hour food desert I'm about to cross driving from Erie to DC.
#PIFF (Pay It Forward Friday) :-) T : So welcome, paying it forward;)
Now going to listen to the other song :P
lol, counting the days till I see you too!
Heck yes! Can't wait!
Our pleasure. Always great to connect with fellow #SM enthusiasts!
With production company acquisitions, YouTube Live, and now YouTube movie rentals, Google's assault on the living room could be shaping up.
Welcome to aw-shucks day. This day needs to be observed every year .
I have figured out how to post news items to 's microsite. Success!
Ugh. yes I am still installing sony drivers. Support for Win 7 blows. UAC still off.
hilarious! “: The thing about the harmonic series is I'm a terrible violinist. -Austin”
Joe Lamb! And Cary- but all I guess too! They're all so funny!
When he grew out his beard.
Thank you for the RT's. Abrazos!
Played the $20k PokerStars freeroll, it's a good show if you haven't watched it yet. Beat 25,000 players, problem was another 5,000 left
The website keeps getting better and better! Cant wait! See you tomorrow.
cause I'm a HUGE fan and I will always love and support you guys through think 'n thin #IWantItThatWay <U+2665>
I hope Joe replys. *Crossing my fingers*
And don't nobody else see this creepiness
why do you want to be known as that type of person? when we were little, we had the best times.&i never thought you would turn out like this
Geoengineering, Regional GHG Initiative, training of TV meteorologists features of 5/5 yaleclimatemediaforum.org update. Check it out.
Thank you so much, Connie! Sounds like you are doing some great work yourself by providing support for parents! Keep it up!
Physical copies of "Until black october ends" will be shipped soon. Ep will be available for download online soon!
RT : Wait, that's how music is made now? A guy pushing buttons on a machine? I want to try.
#sales tips/techiques don't work. gee...i wonder why???? blow all your $$ on bullishit tips.... they don't work. follow me.
God morning :)
I admire a girl with swag and class
No never try to paint an abstract interpretation of your love for me.
I agree but did you think the same way when you when you didn't have what you have now? Not so easy but a MUST.
Thankful for my second lens.
Wow, when I leave time to iron in the morning, it significantly expands my clothing options.:)
starts at 4 pm at hilbert circle theater but need a ticket. Free tix for those who previously registered
Drayton Florence signed with the Broncos. Good fit. Best of luck to him.
thank you
Seriously, you have to define "nothing too huge." That is far too cryptic.
everytime i come out its movie in the making
Uhm. I just looked down and Siri was calling people.
70% sold out and it's not even February yet!!! www.cultuschichi.us
I know, its so true though!! (x lol
Movie recommendation is Sharon Stone in "Casino"
hot moms compete now for tickets to the 1067 KISSFM VitaminWater 10Fest on-air call us now...585-222-KISS(5477)
crying from #turntoyou it brings up so many memories and I can relate to everything. thank you so much I am so inspired
Middle seat from #phx to #clt. Not the ideal way to fly.
Need a shuttle so you don't have to walk in the rain? Great idea! game & shows downtown...we'll take you!
ha i got 2 bitches on deck and they both look the same as my other bitch ha...
Nope. I think I'll try to clean it out and see what to do from there.
we tha best!!!
Hard celebrating the new year knowing that all our New Years party hats and supplies weren't even made in the U.S.
Thanks for the follow
Your favortite player Marvin Williams balling tho
when you want to talk, and that one person may not still be there for you </3
If everything seems under control, you’re just not going fast enough. – Mario Andretti
Happy Birthday !
my last retweet just made my day.
Always do what you're AFRAID TO DO!!!!!! ;-)
Listening to Ryan Adams' "Easy Tiger". Such a great album!!!
I better get a call when you get here...
Music always calms me down...that's how I know we are meant to be.
your okay you'll be fine
Ah it's almost time to hit the gym.. Um 5 more minutes of sleepy time z
What does it mean to be #Open? Do we need common standards for what #opengov entails?
...count on your INSIGHT and ADAPTABILITY to navigate obstacles and uncertainty!!! ;-)
I'm feeling a little guilty since I've never actually been to see The Nutcracker. But this year I just cant get into the holiday spirit.
Budweiser commercial definitely set in Wisconsin. Nobody else gets that excited for beer.
Lincoln Kaleigh Schrock better stay on the Komets if they move to the ECHL. Because, uh, his name.
This too shall pass, If you think not. Ask Tracy Lords. Porn star at sixteen-16. Don't worry, be happy!
I know, right?! Plus, the cameras were rolling--so I may be able to see it on TAPE, and play it ANYTIME I am feeling blue. HA!
IM a Known Artist In Kansas City Bruh We Should Do Some WORK together
Mention you're a fan on Facebook in November for 50% off Tile and Grout Cleaning!
We are too! RT : Tomorrow 4/23 we're at in Portland! Love that place...who's in?
Once again, Northwetern's porous defense does them in
I shall gobble my lunch sandwich in the continental park bench manner.
California owning the afc north this week.
Looks comfy
RT : #ff want to go places? Follow
You love it?? So soft, right?
we need more live tweets and the head of the union feels he is inadequately compensated ...
Trying desperately to keep a sane mind as people in general are really getting on my nerves!! Thus the reason I stay to myself........
Gym o gym how it pains me to go to u. Donuts and couch sound better.
Thank you so much! We have a song called "Sedona" on our EP so we probably should make an AZ trip soon!
Christmas lights still shining brightly - expressandstar.com expressandstar.com Christmas lights still shining brightly expressandstar.com
How is everyone doing?
Good luck. Keeping fingers crossed on your offer.
Thanks for the RT and thank you for all you do for our community!
The TAASK is looking forward to a new year of new music!
nice meeting you tonight man. Hope we can get some work done together soon. Great set too BTW.
Fat Kush & i didnt even make it home yet haha
Well there is that :) Nice work 'mate'... Keep it up for #ProChallenge. RT : Boulders own... Yet from Australia!
Time matters for savings. Save $5000 at age 21 rather than age 26, and by 65, you'll have $28,000 more (assumes average 7% annual return).
paranormal activity wasnt that bad! I really thought i was going to be freaking out! its friday wooohooo!!!!
Did you catch our founder on BET tonight???
well I started shooting out my resume up north & wound up connecting w/ my now supervisor almost immediately! #fate?!
sometimes i wish i had the courage to just say hi
Never mistake kindness for weakness! Great leaders know how to disagree in a respectful manner. -Price Carney
Thanks Andy. Let me know if you ever need anything.
I'm coming to pick you guys up in the ferrari!
shout out bobby fresh! g!! lol im tuned in
Can't wait to see what you have to say tmw at #fosterly! I work in #dctech PR. Would love to meet up & pick your brain :)
nice blog post!
I keep thinking of Joel...
you made baklava without me?! Shame on you and a curse on the house of Sharon and Arielle!
The amount of people asking for a place to crash at coachella is the funniest irony because I am homeless in LA lol
Whats your email.
make money money make money money money
loved the previews excited to read more.
LOL I bet you had many dirty thoughts.
lol! That just happened and door almost closed on a girl!
Man everything in Kobe's life sucks right now..
I really don't want to get up from my bed, but got to go to skool to take a test.
#IfYouThinkAboutIt, it's probably no more or less so than
If you were in a collision, most likely your insurance rate will be impacted as a result.
Very excited about the integrated sleep timer; thank you!
Seeing quiet trend: v. educated parents- incl. univ. faculty- w/ a "no loans/debt" policy for their own kids' education. Implications: big.
#stm2012 in press papers, online first, grey lit, & papers published prior to 1990 are hard to find online.
its worth a try isnt it? :) THE ICONIC BOYZ ARE AMAZING :)
I love the new Twitter layout.
For consumer products its typical to run out of the "allowed daily budget" earlier during the day on the weekend. Create a weekend campaign.
Whoa that's cool
hey buddy! You know there's no harm in warming up :)
I need to go to the hospital...I have an ingrown toenail...should I call an ambulance?
Sunny in Orlando today! Excited to get to work!
I was so looking forward to Carnittas, dummy me I forgot to turn on the slow cooker. Bummed, pasta it is.
is it safe to say the more $$ the athletic dept makes off the jerseys, the better the UO S-A experience?
All the legends are dying on us. So sad.
Our calendar is PACKED already for December. Should have knocked your charity event out in Nov like we did ;)
Signing Christmas books at Rock River Gallery in Jefferson. Skip the outlet mall and stop here instead.
How about like next Wednesday?
Yeah the show !! Aint been to the shore in real life, but I will soon...
I don't use photoshop that much, but when I do, It still crashes for me like I'm a pro! Thanks Adobe!
Steve Bisheff...long-time newspaper columnist and author of the book, John Wood: An American Treasure, joins The Score at 8:45 on AM1510!
Fuck me. I hate texting so much. So many misinterpretations. Just leads to more fighting.
I like to pretend I'm snorkeling. But in wine. By the way, 07 Saralee's reminds me a lot of the awesome 02 right now.
Camping? Did you have good weather?
always liked #Podsednik...could he fit in Baltimore for the
why are you in Kendall?
no. she gave me a number to call her at, but i don't wanna call her (x
Will someone give me a ride to fosters? I have $ :)
One more #pet lover makes #100. Who wants to be a milestone?
Not her fault, but it could have been horrible for it, if I'd made it so.
The antichrist is either Bieber or Fred. That is all.
Insomnia, I really really really really really loathe you right now. I have a final tomorrow, really?!???
Honestly, I am a little disappointed with "Gotham City Imposters".
Life's too short. You should start collecting your cats now.
#PIZZA, is such a weird word. perhaps the only thing weirder is that people eat it as if it provides #sustenance (1 of my favorite words)
Find a virtual community. Thats why we are here.
Last week of the Oits cookies--Try the pink cookie today!--Located GRIND, Library GRIND, EMS GRIND, and Sandburg GRIND :D
We are a place to release your stress and completely focus on you; your body, your mind, your spirit.
RT : #HCM2012 Talent acquisition *must* include #socmed elements to drive, monitor & protect employer brand.
UH YUCK! : S/O 2 these cousins dating cousins"
Come to Mayne Stage, one of Chicago's best venues on Sunday, dec 11 2 pm for christmas concert featuring some wonderful singers!!
Tune in to tonight at 9PM EST as we discuss our
Sound very good for your purposes, and "easy" for skilled programmers does not translate to easy for most folks, but I'll try D7.
I actually kinda, sort of, almost, do like AUNDREA for Saruh .-.
Posted up at the Factory of Cheesecakes. Holla.
RT : Trade your expectations for appreciation and your whole world changes in an instant!
Every generation witnesses atrocities. People in power try to fulfill prophecy
It means he's gonna have to try out instead of us.
Frank Jr is going to his 8th grade finale tonight, lol, I remember going to mine...horrible night.
yes. I think it happened during lunch when we were concentrating on stuffing our faces and not paying attention to the time.
Who shot you in the ass?.
Cool dude!
There are no firm deadlines at the moment. I'll have to get back to you on that!
All I have been doing is cleaning, thank god I just got done.
I'll call an ambulance next time. Consider my expectations adjusted, as well as my understanding of my place in things.
Thanks for following. Go SU!
Crap odds tho bro, don't make much difference!! I've gone Bayern, West Ham & Hearts! 1 of us will not be happy! U gone in 90mins?
Made it home by 3, I feel accomplished
bring that other half-pound over here, baby. i can help you with that. ;)
i haven't cried this week and i was thinking things were getting better finally. but no. things just go 10x worse.
For every tweet #AustinWeLoveYou i get 1$ for the cancerfund to help my grandpa and others with this desease
pick an evening next week then.
true! RT : I find it hard to argue against explicit direct instruction of grammar, then embed it in expectations
follow our members and !
Bros baseball game then nanas house for the weekend hopefully my plans go the way they should and don't get bailed on
MT : releases proposed FY2013 budget restoring library/rec center hours + more firefighters & police.
banging your boyfriend under the bleachers! Lmfao
I swear, I could devise a drinking game around spotting Barney Frank and or Bernie Sanders in political documentaries.
HAPPY NEW YEARS!!!
About to live tweet a Specialty with
I keep thinkin i'll wake up and this nightmare will be over. But its not. Not yet at least. really puts life into perspective. makes me ...
I move away and my yearbook budd forgets bout me:''( sad sad
The Sky is not the limit, it's just a view! <U+2601><U+2601><U+2601>
No I didn't go to Joes but I'm going to Rolands this afternoon @ 2. Are you back in town?
why are you just defining my life tonight....
SWEET! today is a high of 70°F - We are loving this #Albuquerque weather! Ride on friends!
I'd recommend checking out the email notifications for dataset updates, or the RSS feeds. /cc
how was your Bungie day? Final Game Project took over mine :(!
Only a few spots left in the wine workshop (TOMORROW!). Sign up today at
19 more programming arcs to go!
Happy Birthday Sarah! Have a great day!
“: #OneThingIDontLike DRY PUSSY”<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>AMEN<U+2755><U+2755>
Just started Rin Tin Tin. I'm "around your age" & have similar memories of this legend. Loving your book. Thx for writing it!
That too!
We got new driver tonight... Um let's just say I think my husband needs to up my life insurance policy lol
Damn, that thunder was hella loud
D3 extends good luck wishes to Y.C., J.F. & N.V. this week. Also, D3 offering best wishes to M.M. & C.M.!
If yo tweet, " I just won the Mega Millions." Do me a fav and hit the location button
Drinking doesn't make me post better Twitter status updates; it just makes me not care what you think of them...
3 different guys at the park.
the reevolushun will be televised ...... -Curren$y -
Very indecisive about which vintage image to feature on my annual disturbing Xmas card to friends and loved ones. (Krampus was last years)
R.I.P. To the Queen of RnB/Pop Music. Rest in Peace Whitney Houston, Gone but Never Forgotten.
Happy Election Day, Wisconsin!
Goodnight, don't let the bed bugs bite
Ironically, your tweet talks about what "you" want. :)
Hate new phones ... have to find out how to use it !!!
I want my long real hair back :-(
How was the show?
Sorry that was so late.
Been=even
no kidding-__-
Maybe, but i will make effort to achieve that.
After being away for a yr finally made it to and I'm digging the industrial light fixtures & furniture
:D thank youu! this person stole my ipod and im hoping they are seeing the notifications.
Welcome to #21CRadio tweet chat! Tonight we're discussing music news. Introduce yourself and use the hashtag to join the chat!
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.
Thank you everyone for your condolences on the loss of Robin's friend and cat, it's a very sad part of life
Who's Jimmy Carter?
if you get a chance...tell the wig people what amazing job they've been doing.
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php Buy your book !
i hate when then tease us at the end of episodes - especially on season finales
Let's see some more tweets!
HAHA "Failed" Bankers with bonuses. That was a God one guys. Not even mad at ya. Kinda like havin' your Grandma dine n' dash on you. Uh
Indeed. And the new location is basically a restaurant. Expect only more of this.
Excited to see tonight! Slows To Go and Old Miami first. Perfect #Detroit evening.
": #MyFavoriteRapperRightNow "------Wow what a compliment!! I preciate that Mercedes.
"The East coast aint got no love for Snoop Dogg...? aight then..."
Great pictures! Thank you for sharing. We will share with our staff. Everyone should feel great about this!
please follow me <33333
just got invited to Columbia University's Junior-Day June 16th !!
do you think Anthony Bennett ends up at UK??
Got first place on the Tuesday Tough Criterium! Team OSP Juniors took all spots on the podium!
HAPPY FEET!
With the 1st pick the Colts Select Andrew Luck
Best time for me Thursday afternoons 3:30 or later, Eastern time.
Knicks need to pull some magic of of their ass!!!
#NJDevils & Washington - Sudden Death 2X's
Don't get my hopes up, Nate.
Today has been such a good day. #HBD ;)
And the Angels win! <U+26BE>
ouch Heather no need to get personal lol
Finally got Internet in my phone again! :-D yay!.
not sure yet but magic 8 ball says it's likely. Can only do gin & tonics if it's warm.
NEW DELHI IS OPENS TODAY AT 11:30 AM
I've just been filmed for an HBO documentary...life is sureal sometimes..bring it on!
Be magical! :)
reach 4 it . . . or b a bitch & dont get
Coachella is So Dope
Some ppl take their jobs way too seriously. It's not my fault you work at sears. If you don't like working here fucking do sumthin about it
Mini van with rims. Really? -.-
Good. Fear is an excellent incentive.
Why do I always misjudge the weather? Me and this guy with this North Face on are looking silly in this DC heat
Everything comes in one place
watching mickey mouse clubhouse :) i dred being up so early for this confirmation retreat. sigh.
haha you know I love you
What? Kiss on the cheek for me, will you? :)
Dear Lions, Our inactives are better than your inactives. So there.
Making some plans...
Dam Derrick rose tore his acl smh
Everyone have their dialing fingers ready? I'll post the number at 9:55 pm EST when voting begins!!! for the win!!!!
AQUS looks like its going to run here folks...
Keep throwing at the Swedish meatball. He can't stop them all.
I agree, annoying characters have to be funny in order to hold my attention.
You would play with it? What?
got seat assignment moved AND 2 free drink tickets! Nice!
Gorgeous! Congrats!
"I'll take THAT with cheese."
RT The UK and US have roughly the same high tax rates ... But the UK gets the NHS thrown in.
Headed home on Wensday~am I ready? Nope...but I gotta go-I needed a good quiet mini vaca ;) Ah~
3 different people, 3 separate occasions. I'd hate to think I look like a mom...
Trina you Rock!! Thanks for getting me on board! Updates from SXSW coming to you!
I love your story! <3
goodnight happy new years eve i still need girlfeinds for thomas and louis in my story send me a message if you want to be in it.
Listening to Hawthorne Heights made me think of & our awesome weekend.. Shall we have more debauchery this weekend good sir?
WHERE IS THE REAL #TEAMFOLLOWBACK DAT DONT UNFOLLOW U ONCE U FOLLOWED THEM
Hey!!! SNOW!! Just in time for our first Christmas today!
yeah i kknow right!!
Love a #nude special getaway 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
thanks for the listing
ill bring the hat. but only if you wear it for all of lunch
Fantasy Baseball is the greatest modern invention.
RT RT It's now official everybody. Baseball is back. pitchers and catchers have arrived. Life is good again.
heard anything back about Ian and the contest?? The pic was soo cute!
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one. - Dolly Parton
you better hurry
do you know if the Young Heirlooms have a twitter account?
If Lakers will lose I'm gonna be able to kill somebody
I tried once. I don't know what Kim's made of. I couldn't hack through. It was like hitting a cow with a flip flop.
2 damn shots off for tieing 3s & neither goes! Nuggets: your still losing the series. Thanks for allowing World Peace back 4 game 1.
Beautiful sunrise on Tybee Island! Now... off to bed.
Getting ready to go to FedEx Field with my daughters to see DC United play Real Madrid
Let your faith work for you...
Texting the same person all day and night and never getting bored just because you like them that much>>>
I will tomorrow ;)
Live Streaming Event Nov27th, 10000ppl need exposure email us now follow usv on twitter
I replay that night in my head quite often.
Happy 1st mommi day to me:-)
I am coming to see you next week ! It's been too long!
I've tried for you to follow me since you were on YouTube.. You still haven't noticed me and I'm just 1 in 20 mil now..
It would be nice if people would let things go but it rarely happens for my taste.
Magical movies don't magically happen.
Don't give up !! As long as your with 's team you're in good hands!!
Huh? haha If Taylor Lautner goes ?
RT : RT : European Union report - Multilingualism: An Asset for Europe and a Shared Commitment...
I love how you lied to me and supposedly I am your friend? Haha okay.
Oh and now I'm watching the season finale of Criminal Minds. Why are all of my shows ending?!
Just replenished epic cookies at ... there are samples too while they last!
Today, everywhere I go, I make a point to appreciate those I interact with - no matter how large or small the gesture.
Winners will be announced on Sunday, January 15th.
I've always wanted to know how to deep fry ice-cream..
Does anyone here play MLB's Beat The Streak? If so, what is your streak up to and who is your choice for today?
How about (French/Jewish food), Deborah Madison (veggie), (fish, terroir) & (dessert)?
seling out to gain fans is not an option.
Craving some burritos c:<3
doing laundry makes one feel so accomplished
check ya dm
met the coolest fucking german people every... Love the people i meet! life is random and precious
well, take these notes & make an amazing paper. turn it into something positive. getting a bad grade doesn't make you an imbecile.
Tonight's supper: Salmon with ras el hanout, figs and fried shallots and tiny fresh carrots. What's your wine choice?
Standing ovation
Story of my life LOL RT What a nice day today to be productive;)
Vanessa just left us hangin' ... Lol
Hey Hads! Hope your back is feeling better.
Watchin think like a man & eating ice cream
GoOd MeRnIn TwItTeR iM uP vErY eArLy IdK y BuT i KeEp TrYiN tA gO bAcK tO sLeEp BuT i CaNt..!!! uuuggghhh :/
Carl actually could have been a great character if they got someone who could actually act.
#Nw sweet home alabama
What did you order?RT Amazon: Delivery Estimate: Thursday March 15, 2012 - Monday March 26, 2012 *Not yet shipped* COME ON!!!!!!!
Day 5 of "30 Math Mentor Texts in 30 Days!" G is for Googol: A Math Alphabet Book by David Schwartz; Illus by Marissa Moss -Basic concepts
M oreos ;)
I've been meaning to ask...exactly what were you talking about here???
Since Carmelo signed with the Knicks, it seems New York is on national TV every other day
Omg!!! I've been trying to write a cover letter for 4 hours!!! I am so not equipped for this...gimme 12+ hrs on set any day over this!
Never live in the past but always learn from it. Anonymous
Shit. I left my Kindle on the plane. FFS.
We used to be friends but i know now that your not really my friends!
Got tipped $50 today,
You guys are great
ok u still have my number
The crazy thing is i got a brand new iphone s yesterday and broke it the same day.
Get your Same Day Poster Printing at NYC Printing 123 today! Fastest High Quality Poster Printing
Problem is, it's not necessary to have a sport mgmt degree to work in sports, I'm not sure it even gives an advantage really.
going to go watch the seahawks kick butt
The model world tells me the only way to get famous is thru twitter.. I don't believe it but as a 20 yr old gotta keep with the times right?
I'm quite scared, actually. I hope he forgets all those times my sister and I teased him o.o
y?????? She cheated on him and u r still on her side 2 Iam on justins ;)
Need Help! Working on a book list for a Tech/IP/Law/info policy reading group. What would you recommend?
Verizon Customers Suffer Third Outage in December [VIDEO]
Do Dems have a reason?? I haven't seen one on my ballot.
itz finally here
have a cold too! Know what u mean!
you sound like you have road rages
oh we are so badass it's not even funny watch us do 360 ball up without a base :)
I tweet way too much for having a massive amount of homework. I'm done caring ahaha
im going to punch my fucking dog in the face if he doesn't shut up & sleep, its too fucking hot to close my door omg shut the fuck up
I know this is quite the delay....but why is the Daytona 500 on a Monday?
Cooking some pork in a jar. Pictures to follow soon.
Could Katy Perry be any more amazing?!?! I don't think so
Our library is officially tweeting now
delish. and a fresh pound for my espresso machine. had a nice little round of peek-a-boo with your little girl while waiting.
hey everyone follow bc her shoes gorgeous! and for great fashion advice and the latest style updates!
Happy Father's Day to all the Yankee Dads out there! Nothing but best wishes from everyone here at Chasing800!
yeah, it was yesterday at 11:05. sorry to hear about the bottom feeding hackery. yeah, should be fine now.
guess I'm nobody :(
Thank you ! The #site should be self-explanatory, but #tweet us if you have questions!
- HA! I have class with that guy!
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 32
The wind and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators. ~ Edward Gibbon
damn havent been on myspace in for ever
Watching 28days later... This movie still freaks me out.. But I cant help but to watch it bc of how crazy it is
My pick of Bo Van Pelt was dumb, but Peter Hanson's leading so who knows anything, and now it's gotta be Phil, right?
$4 All Absolut Cocktails, $15 Btl/Wine & BOGO Apps Not valid on days when Cubs are Playing at Home All Day
LOL :) RT : As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in public schools.
Oops, forgot the medium...let's go to DM.
I tried to says thanks through several channels. Hope at least one got to you.
After tomorrow ill have put in damn near 60 hrs this week and im already tired AF. Not looking forward to it
Very much appreciate the Retweets!
I figured out why I don't like Jersey Shore: they're too preppy for me.
Excited to be heading over to to watch brewmasters and librarians compete for our corporate spelling bee team!
I HATE PARENTS! I NEVER EVER WANT TO BE ONE!
...for the neighborhoods and residents our candidates claim to have.
Anybody else watching Minute to Win It? These kids are fearless!! AWESOME!!
I thought that #ff was pretty funny myself! I only tease the ones I love! Am I going to see you soon?
Chucks Last Call has me legit laughing lol..
Thanks Kathy.
The Mandi Express has left the terminal. Headed home from for spring break R&R.
due to our history, I want nothing to do with a draft pick lol. Either or would be great. What u think about basic game?
f them
Why work why??
Come see us and our friends Hookshot at the Stir Lounge in Harrah's Casino Friday at 9!!!
(At the Food & the City symposium at Dumbarton Oaks)
No he stole my crayon box.
u wanna beat everyone on twitter. Lol
Hi there folks. Taking a much needed break from life in the mountains. 3-day R&R in Jacmel.
Getting the camera ready for another shoot at today. The award-winning sushi and cocktails are ready for their close-up!
great pic! Any kisses at midnight?
What was your favorite episode of ER?
These lights are really starting to aggravate me. But not as much as the tourists just standing there mesmerized by them.
heck yeah A.Hamilton is a beast and do is the band... U def would love the live show
They're just jealous.
Just added to the #WFX expo floor LIVE Design Group
Cutting my foot open on glass, but still marching the whole practice. What can I say? #immatrooper ;p
#TheFeelingYouGetWhen your texting a girl you really like..
I'll let you know when the #miracle happens.
did you wake the kid up again!?..lol
who reads books?
haha ya i love washington:) whats argentina like?
#mudmelt rumors that water of Lake Vostok have been reached. Could be amazing...
Apparently someone said this before I did, back to the drawing board... ": "Common sense is not so common." - Voltaire”
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 12
I should rep Yoga Pants more often.
Cleaned my side of the room today. Man did I have a paper mess!
Overhead, without any fuss, the stars were going out.
me: obvi fat red-haired biotch: *mocks* I hate that art class.
I have the greatest news I think.you will ever here!
im going in
"Unlike fossil fuels etc, Sun #energy is free; it can be used without risking the birthright of our children. Sun is inexhaustible."
Gotta twitter account for no reason !
What do they think it's about?!
I am really enjoying Freelance Whales today. Just that kind of day/weather.
Ohh, they do. I have the jar at home to prove it man, definitely not as slimy.
PLL I #feelbadforjena YOU DNT SLAP A BLIND GIRL.
See you tonight for Geisha with & !!!
Thanks! Back at ya!
Macrocephaly Autism? That's a new one for me. Genetic testing on my 3 yr old & 15 yr old twins may show a common link for
Thanks to for all their support in getting our class off the ground. Looking forward to these shows & many more to come.
Did you know... staying in shape can help fight off periodontal disease?
already counting down. 29 days. #JosiahLeming &
What's up , world ?
SHOW SOME FLYER LOVE RT THIS!!!!
"i know i'm not the only bastard"
Man, could they make the application process to grad school a little more tedious/confusing. I don't think I'm irritated enough yet...
RT : Can somebody please tell me how the guy who's bouncing $500 checks is still in the race?
"Let's talk about how many women you've been with." "You mean sexually?" "No. Break dance fighting."
#Brilliant promoted by att :)
GUYS i'm pretty pissed off. trying to get tickets to the concert-everytime i try it says no tickets found. :'(
“Acting is not being emotional, but being able to express emotion.” Kate Reid
RT MT OH: Full-pay students/fams are a vanishing species. For many #colleges, an extinct species.
Sometimes when I listen to #Skrillex I am afraid my face might melt off...
#raw10 What looks like the small letter- t? an Anorexic Model with a cornflake stuck in Her neck!
S/O to all my followers I love u all and keep god first enjoy life and what's left of it make it better no matter da situation
RT : #Shotout to they have fine of the best #funding programs out here !
wanted 2 let U no th@ afternoons arent th same w/ U & Holly miss U guys a lot sendin prayers ur way blessings 2 U both :)
I'm a Breakfast cook as soon as Eli naps. yea buddy
me either
And would you follow me back? :)
It's a winter wonderland.
last time i checked, there was no time limit for cleanin the danm kitchen
Coco Austin – Everybody Loves Coco! - AMOG
Haha...that is too funny! RT I find it funny that everyone tweetin #agoodboyfiend or #agoodgirlfriend is SINGLE .
lol..sorry girl
getting cozy with some functional specs & test cases
1 Dont start yammering incoherently on any plane w/industry folk on board (especially from nyc area) 2 Some1 always has free beer.
Ha! No doubt. Looks like a great day. I'll be listening from work.
Raelly?? RT : “Twitter has cured my Facebook addiction.”
As long as mixed grills and combination salads are popular, anthologies will undoubtedly continue in favor.
country music sucks. Omg.
You go LeBron, give that death stare after hitting a shot up 19. #GoLakers?
Marketing buzz words like "game changing" make me wanna buy stuff...in 2010.
Judge Payne, IN "We had to build our own system, opted out of SACWIS because we wanted to build it differently."
ABSOLUTELY I can tell from the TYPE of ABs they are getting Near worst in swinging at pitches out of the zone & % of contact
Important text update; "Party Girl is the only movie the dude who played the hot falafel guy was ever in." -
Too sweet :D Hope to see you soon!
RT : Tip5: Create interesting Boards that appeal to Brides/Grooms – create collections based on color, style, topics
Were my bbw wit big boobs at and thick wats good
I’m so happy to see so many people that joined the Revolution! GCP “emotobooks” rock. They’re a new group, but growing. Awesome!
then go
If you think #dabulls are better off without #drose you are a dumbass.
I am about to fall asleep.
Got to see "Crimes Of The Heart" yesterday afternoon! Wow! The cast has so much energy, I loved the performance!
As long as the Big East can keep itself together it is still a great move. Not so much if it disintegrates.
Think orange! Getting so close! Find the orange street team between 4-7pm to claim you gift card
hey man no problem. Your welcome :)
hahaha. Saba? My only other guess. Unless it was you... ;)
Tomorrow's 80 degree forecast is putting some really unnecessary pressure on happy hour and outfit planning
It's beautiful when two strangers become best friends, it's terribly depressing when two best friends become strangers.
I just want you and all that you are and everything you ever will be.. That's it<3
the exact reason why you should have signed up for the cheap tickets for sundays game.... :)
your story is amazing I read every single chapter in like 2 hours and I want more!!!
. gives shout out to Richard Cordray his recess appt to Wall St Reform #FTW!
And now Roger will be jealous.
WE NEED CLEMENCY FOR MY BIG HOMIE TODD WESTINGER CONVICTED KILLA SCHEDULED TO BE EXECUTED 4/9/12 @ ANGOLA STATE PENETENTIARY! TEMP INSANITY
got a 70 :) and I failed that test. Ik how she thinks. Lol
Right, I can see that. // Sorry, but I have to go--this was a great talk, thanks! :)
haha totally true!
I'm insecure, I know what for.
You nailed it RT : RT Oh good... that was the intention..==>So family friendly. Reminds me of some friends
Justin bieber is flawless!!
Q1: Total loss of energy. No motivation to get anything done, etc.
Yeah, it doesn't really "get better."
Well done, UNC!
best tag team out thier
tis' the season to be Jolly!!! FALALALALA
Garden crowd, amped to the max, chants "MVP" as Pierce heads to free throw line.
got new dream out loud stuff, i love it omg
That's awesome! I guess you're going to tell me you're a Pisces too? lol. Drogba is so fun to watch...
#OJR events are over, but keep the conversations going. So proud of everyone that was a part of !
Someone text me , I need new directioner & ICONiac friends :-)
Loved diablo 2 Can't wait for 3 this month:-)
The officer elections are at 5:30 this evening in OM320. See you there Bobcats!
Theatre facts trivia! What is the name of the structure that frames the stage opening?
hey man of god! How r u? Things r good here. How have u been? All is well I hope. Love you man and try not 2 freeze! Lol
sure do mama
QT2: no one knows his middle name!!! Ash always tells us his name is.... Ashley ______ Purdy (5pt)
BIG NEWS: By popular request: Our Westside store in Montano Plaza is now open on Sunday from 11-4. Cupcakes fon Sunday-how great is that?
Hahaha, that happened to me yesterday.
No Q&A? I was wondering: Does Lee see Yazoo sale as malevolent primarily because it was a pretext for the court battles?
The throwbacks? Meh. How is Bella the cat?
:( what subject?
lol who's my boyfriend
THANK YOU MATT!
he died oh im so sorry for him
i cannot believe is 16. it's just now hitting me how much he's grown! Happy Birthday Austin! Mahomies Gonna Love<U+2665> Always
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. Lao Tzu
um no that's a negative not while my face is swollen
RT : "We have been rocking our shirt today!” We LOVE that!! :-)
loving this tweet that's why women hold the key to lots of things<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Backstabbing your best friend.
Whenever u r in Atlanta visit Diamonds & Pearls Couture
Creative! If you check our my FB profile you can see my creative ad - photostrip on.fb.me/hVoYrX
WELCOME TO HEAVEN LADY!!!
nope doctor then work night
omg omg u follow me ..!!! Omg thank u so much
1 more midnight. 2 afternoons. 1 day. Half marathon. 6 afternoons. day off
ru speakin english et :) lol chink i wish i was busy. New icon :)
Follow back ?:)
will be here tomorrow 6/24 from 11-2pm on Park Ave. Come out, sit down & try some awesome crepes! Half off museum admission!
>we KNOW this...so Put Up what to do NOW. Light a candle, domT curse th darkness? Show us what you've got
It was a good 2.5 years scouting for Red Bull...a new team will benefit from the experience! MLS All Star match holds the key....
Thanks for the follow, love the cufflinks & ring bit on your website.
RT : Pick a number, double it, add 10, divide it by 2, then minus it by the number you started with. Now close your eyes....
ground up animal organs/byproducts...
next FaceTime I wanna see!!
When u coming back to SA?
Economic injustices affect who has access to treatment and how that treatment is administered.
we love your candles!
nice! I wanted one as soon as I saw that video.
Got our b&h order in- manfrotto monopods, vnd filters, DP slider, to name a few things. Taking video up a few notches ;)
Last Fri #real #estate word unscramble-cotenancy 2days WORD:bemloraascp HINT:properties Game of life not hold good hnd but play por hnd wel!
i know girl! But heck yes we will do Don Pablos Yum! Have fun & tell my mom i said hi haha
Boy its nasty out there! If you're oit and about stop in for a hot toddy! You're worth it.
Loved w'minster dog show. Flat-coated retr., Doberman, PBGB, German wire haired were my favorites.
But unlike Watergate, nothing will change. ;)
Rainy days always motivate me to blog.
are finally playing a quality game!
Tanks are moving into Beijing. Possible military coup. Via #coasttocoastam Radio rocks for speed of information. Did I beat ?
That's some crap, right there.
Hooray! See you there! :D
As long as it wasn't you, my friend, I couldn't care less.
Happy Birthday Miranda hope you have a great Birthday with your family and friends :)
Breaking Bad is elite. Best show on tv.
the closet ones? You must mean CLOSEST ones.
I realize that you can never go wrong keeping it real with yourself.
follow back?[:
Craig wishes, always sweating this ish right hurr.
ERA for the Yankees rotation is 5.75...<Prob be 10 w/out Nova...seriously though...do need to fix it...BP gonna be done in..
So has yet 2 reply about the insulting nature of my shopping experience and how rudely I was treated.
I'd like quinoa more if it didn't remind me of a background texture from Contra. I'm sensitive to these kinds of things.
pat it like a black girl do her hair lol
Spots still remaining for Dec 10 coaches clinic. Sign up now! www.phoenixcoyotes.com/usahockeyadm
Happy New Year! RT : Happy New Year to my favorite shoe goddesses:
Not really. RT : seems you're in the minority for supporting Kansas. Sad sad day for the state.
at the mall with my girls
Saw my last name misspelled Pappas on an official document at work :-/
Getting closer to Walk Day! #walknowforautismspeaksLA Sat. April 21, 8am @ the Rose Bowl in Pasadena.
Heading to next week.
Keep the peace down there, you guys.
21 jump street is fuckin hilarious
Lets see each other like God see us no matter our downfalls or short comings
Looking to gain some #SocialMedia knowledge? Follow pass it on!
oh yeah. Hope your doing good.
#FatPeoplePasswords pizza huts #
JoBros Are Our Heroes it's true <3
should I go to San Fran this weekend with my mom, or stay home? ...
Luuuuongo.... Sieve.... Sieve.... Sieve..Sieve.Sieve SieveSieveSieve
Still accepting submissions for issue 2 while we work on issue 1, out in a couple of weeks. Send us your stuff!
she thinks were dating. She was like if I guess will you tell me lol. She picked Alex first though.
May or may not have dropped my phone on the subway track this morning
Wow guess Denmark is where its at food wise. First Noma as best restaurant and now winning Bocuse d'Or
I have a story.
Monday Night Live is back! Join us after 7pm for many of the city’s best local talent!
yea pope! He's still the same old trey.haha
Tonight was terrible. I just want to punch someone in the face right now.
Uptown New Orleans
what up #saturdaylibrarian peeps! feeling your pain. finishing up my last #libraryschool project all day before i can go on spring break
your lottery advice falls on deaf ears. I will buy you lunch if I win.
&&' if this is such a game to you , than I think I'm done playing . . .
headed to San Francisco Monday to see demand side partners
would you be interested in Duke Entrepreneurship Prof Carl Nordgren speaking at Twitter on April 25 or 26?
Anyone remember Keenan and Kel? Watching it now. Is that weird? I love it.
I ate like a pig....collard greens, macaroni w/cheese, yams, baked chicken, peach cobbler and coconut cake
She is dope
Heal up my friend...I'm just glad you weren't seriously hurt...hope to see you in Nashville in a week, C
Just wasted the last 20 minutes of my life watching Jersey Shore.
thanks for checking us out again! It's been far too long. Have a great night!
I sure will. Bon Secours has a YEEP (youth entrepreneur empowerment program) and the youth love it.
The Help by K. Stockett is my favorite book of 2010. Great novel, great food for thought. When people "think better" they live better!
Dickie cut your hair....
same here I hate the rain
you my nigga that's all that matters <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
So apparently I've been given the nickname T-Lock...
Wondering what to do in #MKE tonite? will get you moving with Swing Dancing & the Italian Community Center has live jazz!
Or they are the only org that isn't in the O's pocket and CAN tell the truth.
I'm in the newsroom ready to volunteer, feeling giggle as a schoolgirl having just passed a few of my personal role models :)
Oh, yes, Roman Mysteries are great!
With the 43 pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Zach Greinke
how was it? I am thinking of reading it myself before I watch the movie.
Art world! What's your favorite sound/audio-related art installation?
Shout to my new follower livin life to fullest
..now that is an aftermath we like to see!
This game getting soo good!!
A grasshopper walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'Hey, there's a drink named after you'. The grasshopper says, 'A drink named Steve?'
what is going on?
listening to the incredible Jose Hernandez NASA astronaunt
#hth2012 is a fire hose of awesomeness hard to keep up the tweets
back up in tha sh(p)ot
Has anyone tried the Free 4.0 or 3.0 #running shoe?
Our next show is just 10 days away on April 25!
#Exterminate Haha. I died.
cannot wait till I turn 18..
happy mothers day BIL
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise!
Can't wait to watch & Lamar! Just saw an ad! Yay! O lala dolls, so excited. ;)
I love that place!!!
Me, , & my mother are getting thrown dust at
That rocks! Just be sure that u're not "sucking in" air when u're sucking in your gut. Think: Belly goes in as air goes out
be great today fam!
just got back from with where we saw our friend Ciara and met a new one, Adrianna!
Big Storms in the area today! Be safe everyone!
Find me 1 person on Earth who is impressed, inspired, or actually believes the Taco Bell commercial where the guy drives 900 mi for chalupas
could you pretty pretty please help us get to 200 followers by tonight ?
Oh snap! lol they better not find a way to make me check my phone.
ironic that I posted the wrong link, but it still works. :)
You are so smart! :) RT : "Too bad we don't have time for breakfast." "We have all day for breakfast."
Although I am an LSU guy I have to pull for the Horns today against OU. I do think OU wins, the game however.
Great Sunday morning service at Dearing
Nate pedue just ate gum out of a popcorn back at harrys.
On the way to a meeting
#SomeoneIWantToMeet takes to long. I'm gonna do
my bad i meant sling shot
Watching the latest #rhobh and realizing I missed the last one. And by "missed" I mean fell asleep.
Don't like me? Well guess what I don't wake up every fucking day to please you! ;)
shot out to the only women who lays golden eggs. Love you for life and beyond.
really Bennett was a decision to make??? There only one school right! Lol
The legislative library of Liberia was decimated during the war. Even the bookshelves were taken. Bryant
Thanks for your great work on And the Advisor cookies that you sent us are icing on the cake!
I don't get hives, but I get itching, nausea, lethargy, sinus flare up and sometimes headaches for about a day. Total bummer.
theres a boy out there tht i like but i dont know !!!!
$100 sum to see your balls get waxed? Deal
thaaats right. and take your stinky friend with you
working on a FREE download. Check back tomorrow for more details!!
I have been listening to the Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making. I identify as a shark & I wish I had a leopard.
as someone who too has gone through ACL reconstruction, your retelling is spot on. Brought me back to a not so happy time.
Going thru some tough stuff here
haha. You're crazy! I'll definitely autograph it for ya. Haha. You'll have my first autograph!
I tell my girl when u fuck me...u better fuck me good
so let's see... and her website, and his new single #SoListen and the app! ahh I'm in love
It's actually Rachel but nice to meet you!
I hate you anyways
Ah! I just get loopy with love landing in this town. Had a swell trip back to the Land of the Cleves and I am happy to be home in Seattle.
ah, springtime in manhattan. it never ever gets old!
My mom called me n said she needs a cd with the lil wayne song faded lmfao she a fool, don't where she even heard it at.
Need camping gear? Check out Outdoors Geek for rental, new and used gear at www.outdoorsgeek.com.
The office just previewed our new commercial-- we'll be on Comcast and Verzion FiOS in NE 189 times in April!
whinnie from the wonder years is on big bang theory.
oh ya? No winner this year? I'm sorry me and missed it.
At first, I thought the SGRho video was an April Fool's joke! Classic!
We can't wait for Family Fun in the Square this Saturday! RAIN or SHINE :)
RT : Country first. RT : Senate GOP kills Obama plan to subsidize hiring of teachers, first responders -
so good but so painful! Haha
Bask in beverages, delve into demos, explore culinary trails, May 19-22 Atlanta Wine Festival
Huge congrats to and on their AP/Google scholarships. Two great journo-techs I've had the pleasure of getting to know.
Real men are loyal to the lord, their family, & to their woman
Thanks for being on our show!!!!!!! You certainly make it look better! :)
My favorite GOP excuse for voting against the Buffet rule is it won't save that much $. If it's so little $, why not pass it?
Ok, another day of Kentucky HOT! summer dayz, but this time i went to the pool! ;0)
Does anyone know a military member or family potentially affected by the govt shutdown? Story for 10 on ABC5!!
Join us at the new LincolnDC sites...celebrating everything Lincoln amid the Civil War Anniversary. "Like" us at FB Lincoln's Washington
I have the nicest people in my twitter PLN. You know who you are! I can only hope I give as good as I get.
When your so hungry that you could eat a pony..
No u do and nutin u
Puppies in a bowl - it is concentrated cuteness (and a whole lot of puppy breath).
Air travel is less relaxing with internet service on-board! I could be reading and instead I am doing this!
Welcome David!
After that teaser, who's excited for new music?!
The reason there are two senators for each state is so that one can be the designated driver. Jay Leno
unhealthly excited for the coldplay concert on friday omg ajhsgdjahsdgajhsdgjas
“Children will not remember you for the material things you provided but for the feeling that you cherished them.”-Evans
hm. what could i do with 60 days of free amazon rds?
Congrats to and for winning the SEBO case comp today! A few good stories can go a long way!
Works for me!
Home town boy Halladay just pitched the 20th EVER perfect game woo hoo!
Enjoyed your chat with David McIntosh!
Merrigan is promoting Gary Matteson's notion of "Retail Ag", the best concept we've heard to define the market size of direct/local.
Follow me, I'm lost without you.
it's about to be seven O_O
All art is but imitation of nature.
Thanks! Even though some parts of the development process were ridiculously painful I'm actually eager to do more.
Forgot "Grammar Jammers" as well; but only the primary edition is free, unfortunately
. Sirius(ly) Black, Horcrux (bonus: store a piece of your soul in the cat), Muggle (call him Mugs & Mugsy)
Spent a fun day boogie-boarding at the beach! Now about to go for a refreshing dip in the pool....ah, if only all days were as care-free!
love you :)
Before New Years Eve Ends Will The Marvelous Mikey Follow ME <3 [: ? 14
Of course, Mitt Romney would have the guts to stand up to terrorists. It's not like these terrorists are part of the tea party.
I need some fried chicken wings in my life...
Jones killed it on that last rack in the 3 pt. Contest. Reeeeedic!
Hello Princess. Thanks for the follow
So glad you loved the music video :) What was your favorite part?
now following back
could of called me.....lol
im dying of boredness!
Since the price of natural gas is so low, why is the bill still high.
It's Fat Tire Friday...$3.50 Pints all day!
I know! I can never get it out of my head!
"Of the 4.1 million kids born each year, less than 30% make it through the college funnel." -Michael Moe
7 line items of roughly $5k each in avella's district were vetoed including a historical society, anti-graffiti program, and a little league
don't worry they will be at Tobacco Road tonight till midnight
Our Divorce Seminar had 32 in attendance last week - we love helping those who need it! Next scheduled Divorce Seminar for October 20th.
“: Cheap date w Picnic on the hotel bed! #baguettecheesefruittequila” love you handsome!!
Follow Me<3 Please:) i loved Rue <3 you played her really well and to be honest i cried when Rue died in the book nd Movie
When my friends ditch me. I go to McDonalds and order a McSlapper on the double :)
Because Alhambra is close to downtown LA & China Town. It's a good location since it's not too far from all the commotion
: they did say "classy" dress. I'll email pics. Need new cocktail dress, tbh.
Herman Cain avoids the question and answers with a funny cliché and big smile: Drink 7.
lol sad, but still funny.
has he literally not seen the wire xmfd...isn't this the kid that prances around pretending to have good taste..tsk tsk
Its crazy how i see the tweets u guys see on my timeline and then a few minutes later i see they reply to you(: #BoyzLoveUs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Thanks Darlin' :-) I've still got a lot of other Florida native orchids not edited or published yet. Stay tuned!
": is following me?? I'm honored.. Thank you... :) XOXO" it is MY pleasure! Xo
Self-proclaimed movie + design night. What to watch, what to watch...
« U ever be walkin thru the mall & see sum1 & speak but 20min later u see them again & don't know whether to speak again?»»
: will be there too w alumni. Look for him if u can.
My Baby have'n Surgery Today. Feel good Thi. I love u much.
thank you Ray, for everything, just for bein a great friend
congrats buddy
The rap made for is kinda catchy I have it playing over and over in my head(;
You underestimate our beer pong skills! Prepare to be defeated! :)
RT : Luv finding the Onion on the Metro. Best story: "ESPN Completely Misses Brett Favre v. Green Bay Packers Storyline"
So true,
my mom is dead asleep . Im bouuta take an hour nap real quick.
Yet there are some people - Steve Allen would dissect comedy forever; he's a really funny guy, but he would love talking about comedy
Dear creepy smirking asian man watching me do laundry. Like what you see?
Presentation shows economic downturn in Palmetto Bay- & yet 3 of council want 2 spend non-recurring revenues - reserves on Thalatta
not even Shelby Lynne music is helping to blow these dark and stormy clouds away
Getting a head start on our
crazy new purple #HOT signs spotted on I85 near Cheshire Bridge... #HOV2HOT conversion post coming soon!
So much homework but I'm going to a volleyball game
I'm hilarious I know #smallboobproblems?
Portrait of a promising Fla. teacher - who leaves after one year - it was FCAT this, FCAT that .
I have another zombie survival tip for the next person to msg me with their screenname for aim!
Morning Twitter World - Last week there was a good game between Herndon H.S. and Westfield H.S. we saw some very good players.
that's wat I need in my life, bunz
When you get home from hanging out with your boo and you get flash backs about the time you spent together<3
yo mane. I checked you w/ angie yee - you was doin ya thing and I appreciate your humility #hardwork you need beats hollat @ me
New designs, colors and materials coming your way very soon!
Seriously. 5 minutes my butt.
C'est un grand honneur pour et surtout pour
Brains taste better when not concussed. That's why I'm relatively safe when the manky dreadfuls invade.
I think my mom's a retard.
Wack ass party
Beta Iota chapter brought #LITB to U of Toronto for 23 years, starting April 23, 1930. Happy Founders Day BI alumnae!
you going to tahoe for presidents day? We will be in south lake with the crew.
JETER HOME RUN!!!!!! 2nd day in a row! Yankees
So cool that the first voice at the fundraiser is Digital Harbor High School student Evodie Ngoy!
its your world, I just live in it. Plus, your a friggin gangsta ...
Fun Fact: Jules in THE CABIN IN THE WOODS is played by former yellow Power Ranger Anna Hutchinson! (Not from the classic series, mind you.)
Can i put a mod5 auto winding drum magazine (3000 rds) on my aftermath broxa evolution airsoft machine gun? jg
#EricHovde campaign: He has submitted the 4,000 signatures necessary to get on the ballot for U.S. Senate, collected from 61 of 72 counties.
This is like some messed up game f Simon says
welcome to town! Hope you have a fun and productive meeting!
& any #feedback on either #dumbsearch or #dumbseo should go straight to #app #developer // :) #enjoy!
Noah is one UGLY child
have fun tomorrow!
Website coming Feb 1st and we're bringing Hollywood with us! Actors and bloggers, prepare to be wowed! UR Hollywood!
And that's #L16! I'd like to thank my fans for the support. For those following at home, Caps go up 3-2 on the Rangers tonight.
how many innings are in a baseball game?
3 back to back finals today, wish me luck! :p
Watch em scatter as I turn da lights on!
I'm glad you liked it! Great paper! Please feel free to send me links to your work. I'm fascinated by this area.
RT : The people that say childbirth is the most painful thing to endure have clearly never stepped on a Lego.
That's so nice Brad! Hope you have a great day!
awesome! so glad you liked it! And as far as the juicing, you won't be disappointed-tastes good AND makes you feel good too!
That's deep. This reminds me to praise him in spite of and to dwell on his promises - the seen and unseen. Thanks.
Just gotta say has got it goin on! Pure & Amazing talent that I'm so glad I have the pleasure of witnessing <3
Kate, what's wrong?
New song is stuck in my head. New 7" on the way. More Coming!!!
Thanks for following ! Great to meet a fellow ILL-er!
i need to get back into twitter -__-
You got the hips got the lips I wanna feel the rest
Axford looked a lot less trashy last year this time, wow.
Philadelphia Flyers Interesting Game 1 Playoff Semifinals Facts: Fan&#39;s Take
congrats on the new gig. I just came over to COF.
im replying from this one but ok well as long as tomorrow morning i dont see 4000 tweets from you its ok
#SomeoneIWantToMeet & I love you guys!
just got home from skewwll (: er.. it feels like friday
it just had a picture and said "43 days til #PLL" or how many ever days it was. 48...47. I can't remember lol.
looking at sleep like a fuckin beauty queen, lucky ass i cant sleep :(
Please tell non-Tax paying VOTERS that $2.5K is Gross not take home, may takehome 75K if lucky
Love the bio. Onward and upward both! Great things ahead :)
Going through a trying time...but 1 thing I know...my answer and strength are both IN God!!!
Thanks! I'm really excited about it. Probably not going to make the trip to the game. I don't have that kind of cash! lol
Stumped for a holiday #gift? The Chocolate Library now offers gorgeous gift box options by and
nope, just my crew neck. Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> u kno it's too damn cold for tht out here, I was freezin wit them shorts on lol
Hey im good. How about u? :)
Lol... thought so! They should know you only use DM on Fb! ;) Thx for letting us know. will delete! xox!
yes, up bright and early to do #tonyandcleo for the kids.
HAH! Sorry, looking at your name, I thought you were msteen85.
Stop in today to see our lovely new displays.
Open until to 5 tonight, come enjoy one of the veggie burgers that we make in house!
thank u! happy #followfriday to you too!
Wow congrats! RT Day 30 on my mat today
Why is Sharon crying? She's the one the one who broke up with Adam.
awesome. Always love more info on Apraxia. Have taken Kaufman's course TWICE. :)
I hate when things/lights blink but when you stare at then it doesn't blink &when you look away it blinks again... <SoFar,SoGood;*>
30 seconds of courage bro, thats all it takes
haha. Hannah's little sister couldn't say justina back then so Tina stuck with me.
Try using a hashtag they'll connect with!
Some people are just plain mean.
RT : Just an idea - if you are in a library - why not take a picture and post it 2Twitter with #SSJCPLpic We would love 2 see u!
is the tracker broken or am i?
Your so not on my level
#Pens have scored all of their goals on the same side of the ice thus far in the series.
RT : love your handle! Thanks! Lipstick on the Rim was too long, but that is my new blog
Your going to hear a Story about me and its going to be written by Success!
It's just stupid well it's still Thursday here but today sucked like school was terrible
If we loved again, I swear Id love you right.
Your Welcome!
RT : Denied signing a recall Walker petition. Told her that I support Walker & she looked so dumbfounded.
It's Fat Tuesday, what r u giving up for #Lent ?
Jean just makes me laugh. RT : Fine. I'll do it. Thanks for nothing, Twitter.
Enjoying the new six story D&G ad on Macy's Union Square facade.
Well, this day was a total waste of makeup.
I swear ghetto girls think everything is expensive!!
gotta love 8 am retail store meetings to get yelled at for not making money. yayyyyy! #mysales LOL
So its not pronounced ZoeY ?
Great opening presentation by at #MACUL. So stoked for the rest of the day!
this is what it do, this is what it does, this is what it is, and this is what it always was...ya heard me?
Enjoying the last week of the year! To celebrate the New Year, we will be closed on Monday, January 3rd.
GET LOST!
There was no golden ticket in my chocolate today :-(
I need to know that you are going to be okay without me..or I will remain in limbo...until I can see you are ok
We're preparing our very first newsletter, complete with an amazing offer on our subscription prices .... sign up now!
I saw it too! Yay!
Come in and warm up with a Hot Bourban Cider Today! Perfect day for it! Happy Hour at the bar From 4-7pm
So i'm out to dinner with my family and I tell my mom the guy across the room was attractive and she goes over there and tells him. smh
Halloween Toddler Time & costume parade was a smashing success!! Thanks to all who participated! We love our visitors!!
Army Wives. The best way to end a Sunday night!
Duh the third year of any presidency is always a good economic year!
nice boobs ;)
Dinner at Pastinni's ... Now entertainment
I love you <33
What are some of your favorite May events in Richmond?
COME TAKE CLASSES WITH US:)RT i feel like i should get back on my battle tip.whats the dance scene like in DC cuz its dead in VA
two tests tomorrow, le not studying
Wishing you a great Sunday that's free of the n-word being hurled at you - whether through films/movies or music. Keep it at bay and away!
Happy Feet Two was hard body.
Embroidered polos, printed tees, uniforms & corporate apparel. Call 877-244-9913 mention #Twitter for 20% off ur first order!
I need to quit buyin shit hell cable dun went up smh
For real? *straight face*
Wearing an Ohio State t-shirt today. Considering most appropriate foods for football Saturdays. Yes, it's still February.
on #Leadership - In times of turmoil leaders are in no position to be liked, so we might as well do what is right. Where does US, UN stand?
Me Every Night/Morning. -_- I LITERALLY Don't Sleep.
i know i'm late on it. thought it was hilarious
You are a really cool mom for Harry! I love the both of you guys and i would really love it if you followed or just replyed!! :)
So many exciting things afoot for me and my Mr. that I cannot sleep!! AAH!
#np on Sinful Tuesday | Topic: How do rumors affect this industry | - Growning Call in 760.283.5110
Looking for affordable airfare options from Madrid, Buenos Aires and Mexico to the Dominican Republic....any ideas?
Awesome mixing day today - more tomorrow!
Cheap Trick "Surrender" or Fleetwood Mac "Tusk" live version
ready to get schooled in bowling?
I just had a, yay it's a parking space no it's a smart car, moment.
Learning JavaScript and editing a video is going to be my night off.
I would hope not.
LMAO U might be right, u could never whisper at Crichton
Read our new blog entry about the performance featuring Patrick Ball and the Medieval Beasts, www.storytellingarts.org/blog
Hooray for a great launch week!! Look for exciting new offers on Monday as well as a National Offer on Wednesday!!
I believe is jealous
Dads tonight! What what
Alright everybody gotta walk 7miles today any suggestions. I believe this Walk across America is going to be very hard, but blessed!
no he gets an Oscar, something you'll never get!! You need the dog sitter.
one of those moods.
I have no idea what coughlin or his staff are seeing on these challenges.
you two were cracking me up tonight!
If you are bored and you see this i want to do a 20 question video. so can you please tweet me 20 question and i will upload it tomorrow
People have me dying with these <, > for sports players and teams.
RT : City of Eagan: open access network will preserve scarce right of way in the city
Fantasizing of opening up an infant's clothing store called "The Baby Hole".
RT ": Hats off to Tim Wakefield for 17 incredible seasons w/ the Red Sox #ThankYouWake" one of the best!
Working on different movement
I watch Fox "news" for all my political facts.
Job hunting in Chicago
Much like Snooki, I think I am going to tweet a pic of myself without makeup on.
Shit you not, a pal of mine had one in elementary school. It was about 30 shades of awesome...until you played it.
lol. Your awesome too!! Good luck with everything man! Stay in touch!:)
Omg! He is so fine.
what is it. Torn acl?
Are you bringing some sushi treats on Monday?!
First project under my company is now officially SAG signatory!
#SadMomentWhen you realize the whole time you thought was special was all a lie ):
Nope - "Partner in Crime" LOL! RT : Was it under Dial Varga?
Ron artest and stephen jackson went ham on them fans
fat bastard knocked me down at the attack attack show. But still pretty kick ass show. :)
No bet. But make the donation! RT : I've got a $100 donation to if any of the 4 GOP budgets gets a single Dem vote.
so these komos is are trying to talk blakc nd she cussin to damn much
Senioritis is kicking my ass hard.
i love you.
The Royals were my team when I was in 4th grade.
Thank you for alerting your followers to our publication!
Hence K. Gregg coming out of the pen “: this is just one of those games throughout the year that you just give away #Orioles”
The ACC is jamming the College Baseball Top 10 this season. Could this be the year for a non Miami CW winner?.
I love Jazz.
Just had the worst fright of my life.....I looked in the mirror....
Who ready for black friday shopping? #FieldDay Lol
Haha, that's awesome. Wroten's fouls in the final minute evened out a lot of the officiating...
Eat small portons during meals and control where you get your sugar
In order to gain the most, you have to know how to convert the negatives into positives
RT: : Love is not who you can see yourself with. It's who you can't see yourself without. <3 :)ILYShawty<3
Authentic learning moment: a game of #Monopoly after a visit 2 #borders liquidation sale. 2 boys, 8 and 11, I call them my mini-tycoons!
dude just came out of nowhere!
When women are depressed, they eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. It's a whole different way of thinking. ~ Elayne Boosler
During the day he is your average uppity SUV-driving businessman, but by night.... ANGRY JSONLINE COMMENT-MAN
Too tired right now
Are you a D/M/V #SCREENWRITER, that needs to pitch to #film producers? Considering putting an event together - would like to hear from you.
Serious MTA struggle this morning
will do !
when my teacher points out that my face is swollen ya thanks for pointing out the obvious I just had my wisdom teeth cut out!
Score! Ice cream keeper & New ice cream scoop. Cannot wait to make homemade ice cream. Beyond excited!! Pull out the ice cream maker pronto!
Damm its hot, bit niajer Morgan is my new favorite brewer
We got a problem *slaps both knees*....DO WE? Classic
RT : What happens to books of non-complying classes? "Books Are Stored While Tucson's Mexican-American Studies Is...
This sucks
Every girl has that ONE guy that no matter how angry he makes her she would still put up with him.
#DailyQuote: "The average dog is a nicer person than the average person." - Andrew A. Rooney
check your facebook thats where he sent it to me
Why bother asking to follow me because I know he won't ever follow me:(
please lol... u don't ever talk to me, so don't come at me wit that BS
Back from Boston; had a nice time at the celebration
Has made it to Google+ !!! Let me know if you want an invite
actually, this word is about to trend... Lol
If you could reset your bracket with the current Sweet 16 teams, who would you pick to win the national championship?
Dinner at tonight
Want breakfast on us? Nominate your company by tweeting and use the hashtag #AdminProfWeek by 4/16. First 5 will win.
Thanks Kevin.
Staying quiet doen't stop people from thinking negatively about you. So always speak your mind with no fear.
That dead possum tweet is hilarious! Hope that smell goes away. Ugh. You poor thing.
Yes, watching! Good stuff!
is my bf just letting u knO
there are timeouts in curling?
Just watched a woman take off somebody's rear-view mirror with a shopping cart at Target and pretended nothing happened.
Most amazing stat of the 1st half: #Thunder only had ONE turnover.
Holy Freakin Shit!! My day just was made! is now on twitter! Welcome & its about time Dude!! Your Fucking Awesome!
RT ": Make sure to get outside and hug a tree today!" I hugged two :)
« if a #Taurus has something to tell you they'll take you aside rather then tell you in front of people.»
it's okay I love u.
Also, Milwaukee Brewers! WTF?!?
not recently
Ah, the usual after-school whining, fighting and screaming routine.
Ok Ima hop off Twitter 4 a minute. I gotta get on my grown woman real quick....
Let's go Dallas.
You are welcome!!! RT : Thanks for following us !
we are not losers, we are lasers
HEY get off twitter! You need to get lots of rest for our photoshoot tomorrow!!!!! :)
<U+266A>Sheenah is a punk rocker - Osaka Ramones
My grandma said "You need to read a Bible chapter", Til I bought her ass a house bigger den her Pastors
yeah they do!!!
“There are truths that are singularly shy & ticklish & cannot be caught except suddenly. That must be surprised or left alone.” Nietzsche
Heading into the Holiday season we wish everyone a happy Thanksgiving, Holiday greetings and Happy New Year.
WHAT'S GOOD WAKA THIS JSMOVE TRYING TO GET U ON CHROMEKORLEONE NEW ALBUM FOLLOW HIM ON TWITTER HE USE TO BE SIGNEDw/3 6 MAFIA
says the technology has passed foursquare by. Good, because foursquare is flipping stupid.
thanks for the FF!
: What is that clip after every show?
that moment when a 1D song comes on in PE class and you're resisting the urge to sing...(:
you should follow me:)
Cops head huntin tonight
So much bass you can't keep yo pants up!
if Frazier's using correctly then I shouldn't have a problem showering with a urinal.
relationships, mean, wen
At South Metro Denver Chamber editing B.I.G. Day event video. LOVE the cloud!
Hey, and I are in. soon to come! You?
"Do you like potatoes?" xD
I just can't help it... Charlie Hunnam, my new crush (sorry Kyle!): www.imdb.com/video/hulu/vi2030109209 .
im confused why robertson isnt in the pen. a righty is due up for the rangers..
Getting asked for hugs & kisses every few minutes by a three year old <
Tell her she's 'beautiful' instead of 'hot.' She's a person, not a temperature.
should have figured you'd be there as well but I didn't happen to spot you there. that was some really interesting stuff
Low key that Samsung Galaxy S I looks like it is coming down on the iPhone. All kinds of features to bad all androids not like that. LBVS!
Happy St. Patrick's Day to everyone. Hope you have the luck of the Irish today.
* moms trippin b/c i forgot to wake her up at 4:45 -_____-
I don't know why I hate you so much.... But dammit if you slip one time you are so beyond #FUCKED!
Meeting the late, great #JamesMoody and him saying, "Laura! Are you the face in the misty night, baby?"
Other people to. What?!?! I'm sorry it's gonna rake me More then 4 and a half months to recoup from a 6 and a Half long year relastionship!
if you are already following us then it will show up on your feed. If not, follow the #Scharcares hash tag
craziness! glad to hear that it was well-attended too. hope the ppt and ballots worked out.
Any time man! Really appreciated all the emails & the tips/encouragement
I meant to say good dizzle
Packing for Internet Librarian 2009. Woo Hoo
Is anyone else as excited for summer as we are?
all the beautiful women-customers of CUMIN :)
I got the email too! Hope RSS and blogs are not BB's though!
Fantastic quote. Thanks for sharing.
Another field goal | Wildcats extend lead to nine | Now or never guys |
Hope everyone is having a great weekend so far!! xo
I just love having an earthquake while im at the beach....
Bad headache today. Not enjoying my day off because of it. Glad i have friday and saturday off to make up for today.
We will always miss you, May she rest in peace, as she is smiling down on us, singing her way into our hearts & remember the memories of her
well this was not a great badger team. The fact they pulled it together is pretty amazing.
Your thoughts on Avengers mirror my own. I want to catch it a 2nd time in 3-D this time to see if it holds up.
Sitting at my aunts house looking at old pictures. :)
I don't think I can live without espn3 now. I'm kind of upset now when CBS has games and you can't see replay.
Yea right, it'll happen! Just let it be...
Just because you're "high pulp" doesn't mean I should have to chew you.
Line for secret screening at is much, MUCH longer than expected
Niall , please please please Answer my questions , Would you come to Turkey?
AWESOME TO HEAR!!! RT: Just confirmed with my team captain, Can't wait for '10!
Man i miss my HS track days...PTHS was untouchable!!!!!
So bored at lunch with no one to talk to.
Who will testify to Congress if their personal beliefs are turned into a personal attack on them? Bullying is just wrong.
Playing Headhunters on Friday at 10pm
Getting a head start on
Tequila and whatever I can find to mix it with.. why? Cause I ran out of lemons..
what are you looking forward to most in the future??
In conversation, humor is worth more than wit and easiness more than knowledge
If youre depressed, youre living in the past. If you have anxiety, youre living in the future. If youre at peace, you're living in the now.
No :( He Visting His Grandparents In Nicaragua
yeah, take a number.
My wine must now be at the perfect temperature... ready for my pizza!
Some cranky antique dealers get mad if you won't buy overpriced items. Its not a museum they would like to say...but they wish it was.
At this spot Fire & Ice in Beantown...I've been trying to drop a couple lbs. Ain't gonna work tonight...
Getting late here. Thanks for scenic flashback to '93. Have a good night.
Continuing with the zombie theme...now watching the shot-on-video, post-apocalyptic SHATTER DEAD. Viva undead rights!
taking calls at 877-996-6369 live now on fox
Thanks for the add:) Wishing you
"Acrosonic Tonic" on air right after Bobby, from 3-4!
Am I down because I bother.... Or do I bother because im down?.. Sorry everyone
I think I seen one of my followers the other day and she acted like i didn't know who she was like she was embarrased.. Lmao..
i smell a blossoming bromance
We creatives with worthless degrees still seem to eke out remarkable livings, don't we?
2 1/3 months I get my licenses can't wait.
Final #Detroit #CouncilDistrictsMaps special meeting tonight 7pm at East Lake Baptist Church, 12400 East Jefferson, west of Connor.
Enjoying past and not-so-past photos streaming from our Apple TV. Killer jowler action shot from
The latter. Everything from Shakespearean/Elizabethan to WWII
Rats always have to walk in the street...that's what the sidewalk is for damn
Done with exams and classes until later this month....gotta tackle this anatomy/phis no matter what >_<
In the car with my mom waiting for my little bro to get out of school.
I miss you too babe . <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Forget interest reduction. At least 1/3 of those loans are going to need principal reduction within a decade.
Portal 2 - Peer Review Co-op Playthrough With Mitch & Mat Part 2
I told you we could take care of that!
ok cool cuz some people lie boiut living in texas
Angel isnt gonna be here again
But the fries be on point up here
...s in time t." Um. When the trig directions are too long to fit in one tweet, we have a problem.
Our Jack Black travel kit is perfect for men on the go. It includes scented shaving cream, body scrub, and lotion. Come and pick one up!
Nicki this isn't funny #stupidhoe I saving to meet you in Boston or even in new York and nothing? Will you be coming in the fall
Happy to be there! It was a great event. Love your place, driven past several times,first time inside!
Super duper weird
Institute of Mind Sciences - Offering certification courses both on-site and via distance learning that will prepare you for the...
Pubcon Las Vegas 2012 To Feature New Social Media Marketing (SMM) Masters Group Training Program
Blush will be closed today in honor of our fabulous moms! We will re-open for normal business hours tomorrow for all your beauty needs!
I completely agree with you cc: cc:
Living in Portland is like living in a black and white world, and then when the sun comes out you're in Oz.
Approaching 2k on the ol twitter! Tell you friends to follow us! We'll put up something FREE when we cross the line
Headed to gym for day 3 of operation banish post baby bulge! Any and all tips on this front encouraged :)
I thought Arizona or Miami but he was quick to shut them both out ha
To what extent do P&T committees consider the 20-30-40 year impact on the field of awarding someone tenure?
I always find myself in the most ridiculous situations
so excited might be in a music video. lol for some reason a lot of bands are shooting videos in phily cause its cheap
For pics and updates tonight and tomorrow, please check out www.twitter.com/pdxcompassion
I hate that study. They didn't test men's reactions when the woman was lesbian / married / etc
He's a sweet talker! <3
Can I be tried for past crimes? I'm like sperm hitler!
Right now my life is in the very awkward place known as flip flop/ Ugg limbo.
Rock Paper Scissors weekly tournament starts on Thurs 26th. Taking 16 players, one $50 winner. First 16 get to play. 6PM start.
As a fan my heart is in my stomach. As a friend I just want to get better! Sending out prayers to Terrell Suggs
Register to our newsletter for your chance to win a 7 Day-6 Night Stay in Puerto Rico...
Babe was here.
haha! maybe we should have a casting call next time :)
Patient Education Blog: No Time To Teach-The Essence of Patient & Family Education for Health Care Providers
Mandatory evac of nearby YWCA as shifting winds are causing breathing probs
most importantly, yes. i can too in 4 months....
Confidence, beauty, character, fierceness....... LadyVixens!
Drawing the gears for a simple rope #excercise idea.
Ok, That's not fucking normal. . . What 16 year old guy tries to date a 13 year old? GROSS
Thks for saying hi!! I think would be interested to know this. She is working in our HR using social media.
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil wait you were never cute.......
just ordered a patty melt
#AmITheOnyOne who thinks it's sexy when a girl smokes a joint?
yeah? send me a link of your work man.. talk soon
My advice: Develop some kind of fixed schedule (dance, gym, rock climbing, whatever). A routine will help.
Solid day at the #Cape today
will be awesome for sure
Nightmares of Gallardo's 2008 injury dancing in my head.
At another excellent thesid defense. Katie Phelps, you go girl!
Haha.. Wish you luck with that ! :)
Why not?
Best tweet of the day: ": I love Middleton High School. #shitnobodysays" Hahahaha
If Rudy Gay could get injured again the Grizz might pull this out.
Really tired.!!
Congrats to my big bro for being named to the NBA All Decade Team!!!
-Yo, hit me up when you get a chance!!
Well it is kind of playoff weather. Brrr!
I think Little Debbie and I are the perfect match!
“I had a couple of drinks. I started in 1970 and finished in 1985. It was a very big drink.” Alice Cooper
why thank you!;) it was very fun, joan is a great teacher. Will definitely try to do more. :S
Stayed in bed til 7. Have to get some work done, workout in, then more paperwork. Have to remain #focused. #countdown to Baltic
You watch ROH post this shit on YouTube next week too.
Going to go bike >>>
At the Panera Bread in Studio City. ahh. bread!
pork-wrapped pork. Just have to work in a little chocolate and it would be the perfect food.
I hope everyone has a safe and prosperous day;-)
thank u Tangie
Who needs collagen? Nothing a swift kick in the mouth from your 2-year-old can't do for ya...er...maybe a little less even
indeed...deciding my answer
TY for the shout out
2 wanna ride
nope. I have to hang with Obama on Wednesday in Detroit.
Good Morning! Hope you have a wonderful day! : )
Try Japan. With 13 minutes to go, that could be the dagger. Absolutely no offense for the Eagles in the 2nd half.
Dear Math , I don't want to solve your problems, I have my own to solve. ^.^
I am celebrating life and excited to inspire others to live their dreams. I am rising to the top fast and making a big impact on the world.
Wishing I was back in RO already..
Shessssh I'm stuff! Baked chicken, mashed potatoes with gravy and corn with green beans! It sure was delicious!
night twitter
Hi Nathanial, Did you see my email via Molly? I'm glad to work more on this if you are still interested.
Since Stubs ended I haven't been working on much stuff for Duidl. I still update my personal one () often.
Today is my nephew Jack's 6th birthday. He will probably be traumatised at my rendition of 'happy birthday' when I sing it to him later
bumpin the duets, final chapter. forgot how good this shit was
long as u do
yeah, you're better off. I have to watch because of Donald, but once I knew he was safe I turned it off b/c Chris Brown is on
So tired... I think this will be a tea, Dr. who and sleep early night.
backatcha of course!
For the record, Suns clinch the No. 13 pick if Houston wins tomorrow. Otherwise they will draw straws for 13/14.
Are you following ?? It's new ... jump on.
2 homes coming this summer on 647 NE SUMNER ST.
RT If you like to dance and like house music... well then stop down tonight.. should be an interesting evening
Easily the best laugh of the week when welcomed colleague back to the office today!
LEGGGAHGOOOOOO!!!!!! KU!!! We representing'!!!!!! Who hoooooo!!! I'm just saying watch your backThat block was Hot!!!!
Have you recovered yet?
This is what I can NOT wait for! RT Escargot Day is coming up on Thursday, May 24th. Come enjoy our 4 course tasting menu.
where are u now?
Workout 1 is in the books, now time to eat, rest for a cpl of hours and then do workout 2 before Colony tonight :).
yes we do! I'm the only real one. Got a new one from Scott....corny af.
Oh I want a reading!
Wish I'd been at this session! RT : Time to join a new group: Beyond Facebook NAFSA on FB
i downloaded this thing on my computer
SHOUTOUT TOO >>>>> GO FOLLOW SHE NOW !! <U+2665> FOR BEAUTIFUL TWEETS <U+2665>
I'm heading to New York:D
A man that will bust a jaw for his woman when someone disrespects her. >>> <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I love it! I think it suits your face and personality. :)
Do the Gronkowski brothers have strong takes?
It is a Legit Gaming Account.
Mark Cuban so sad lol
just creeped hardcore on moble uploads
thought you'd enjoy that
Today is the Last Day for our Toy Drive! Please stop by with an unwrapped toy. Live Jazz tonight from 7pm to 9pm with Joe Marillo!
Agree. I get a lot of crap for being a SEC fan. For me better games and better atmosphere.
wish I could watch to with u :-)
There's no way any teenager sent more text messages than I did today.
Still on the Tbolt. What's up?
Madness has arrived and Cinderella is in the building!
Pretty little liars tonight! :)
Remember when in elementary school, if a mf don't let u cut in line they ain't ya REAL friend!
Sorry for the delay - thanks so much!
DONE WITH 2/3RDS OF MY HOMEWORK OH JESUS
Thanks for the #FollowTuesday mention and the RT. Like all your clever abbreviations on the Mandela
vacation s almost over and again i didnt do anything for school :// why daa f** do this spanish exchange pupils have to come on my bday :((?
Can I get it in movie form? Or how many pages is the book?
Thanks! Composed it this week; glad you liked it.
It really is. RT : Haha! It's life changing!
Damn. OK.
"When life puts you in tough situations, don't ever say "Why me?" Instead, always say: "Try me."
David Wright = coward
Use bolds, underlines and italics. They help you emphasize important words and phrases.
Who wins tonight: or ?
Ouch Dudes gonna have a headache later
Good day for a sunny walk, lease signing, and relocation. I do this every few years just so I can justify visiting Ikea for meatballs
I'm not the prettiest. I'm totally random, and quite often bitchy. I sure as hell am no super model. But I'm real.
I can see Can he see me?
#thingsiheareveryday get off the Xbox dad I want to play
come rock out with us at the grand opening of Club XCESS at Remington Park in OKC - doors open at 9:00 pm - rowdy tunage all night long:)
You can never be too safe
we're not, specifically, but I think/hope he is; has to be pretty interesting
Tips Thai!
I don't care if you just left, I already miss you.
this.. J. Cole is *head bopping* gr8
I want som more!
whaddup real dude.I threw you a shout on my upcoming record! Keep doin ya thang playboy!
Watching my school on ESPN 2 in the division 2 NCAA football championship. Let's go Wayne State!!!
Just followed a few ppl. Now im ret ta go.
Multiple people have told me that I grunt/moan in my sleep ....
haha I think it's catchy. Why do you hate it? :p
Thanks for the shoutout!
I can drink Peach Snapple forever <3
It's impossible to take a 10 day vacation without gaining 10 lbs.
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt always use the proper toasting procedures.
Awesome battlefield and skyrim sessions last night.
If you guys are talking about what I think you're talking about, she was there Saturday. Did you see (or hear) her?
If you followed me, it'd be amazing. Just saying, plus you're incredibly talented. Thanks much love. x
guess i dont deserve anything i have anymore #whadidowrong?
#first40songsonshuffle we rock- , the show goes on- , when i look at you- (10-12)
Anyone wanna join.?
and by better I mean for both client and facebook...I would be more inclined to use FB if i could update my twitter status from my FB page
The greatest wealth is health
The war I mean, not the horse.
they are cinna-spins.. made out of SUGAR COOKIES! BOOM!
I will update everyone with Jacks score from his Monday night league tomorrow #guessJacksscore But feel free to start guessing now.
The Commodore PET-2001 (1977) has the worst keyboards of any full-size computer.
Ready for Bracketology - classical style?? Find out more starting March 27th on WQED-FM 89.3.
Good job but how big can a bass get?
says owns more land in the world than any other landowner...except the Catholic Church
Maurice Sendak may be no more, but his imagination is just starting to inspire my children.
Power already going to go out?
$1 oysters tonight, one of Chicago's coolest hidden gems. Great venue and don't miss the beautiful 2,200 sq ft beer garden.
What about 6AM at a Richmond coffee house? You name the palce. BTW, Maggie Morris wishes that you would come back to Crozet ES.
I've been good and you? Haven't seen you around or nothing, what have you been up to? Are you still in CO?
"Think Like A Man" was a really fun movie!! had me cryin!
You are so beautiful in this picture!!!!!!!
"I'm mad we all look malnourished but your ass still look fat!!" I love my number 5 lmao
I know! Obama is kicking ass!
RT For A Safer Way to Secure Funding. Checkout this site... Bit.ly/fundingprogram via
I just hope they can fit Amy's hair on a white tee. RIP
If they aren't doing it now, why expect it in the future? Use the money to NOT cut other places.
Suck my TWEET
I will NOT miss LA traffic.. 20 min to travel 1.4 miles?? Seriously?! Seriously...
Damn I'm trying to remember what happened Saturday night. don't remember any of these text :/
then he better come up big in the playoffs it comes down to him to help rose and deng carry the bulls
Winter planning means spring gardening classes and new varieties of delicious veggies at !
Strong showing by . Hopkins Lax over Albany 17-6. Perfect night on Homewood Field.
Artificial Intelligence usually beats real stupidity.
My car clean
um, ok
hahaha I was actually just about to ask that when I saw that tweet...
Baby Showers -- a really popular event, before June weddings, There is nothing missed out at htpp://www.confiden.com/babyshowers.
"The Hardest Thing To Do Is Watch The One You Love, Love Someone Else."
upside...I'm closer to home. downside...I've been in Atlanta int'nat'l airport since 5 flippin am. And why are there so many candy apples??
People who think they can't be racist cause they nom black dude for prez are same folks who think a guy can't be gay if he's married w kids
At the Kahlahri restaurant.. Where are you for dinner?
Braun does not have a deal with State Farm
you are what you believe, be a superhero. save lives any way you know how. my weapon of choice is the guitar, whats yours?
your only getting BETTER!!...enjoy you day!
Closing on a house, just bought car insurance, getting married...I don't like growing up. Where are my video games!?
TRUE STORY~ & the other half I'm just talkin to people . School work jus doesn't fit that equation
Mid-June
“: Bristol Palin giving morality of marriage advice is like Octomom giving parenting advice. It makes no sense.”
Digable planets ... er ... shabazz palaces about to go on ...
thundestorms = low pressure and that can cause headaches and diff kinds of pains in people.
Something's different. ... Anything different is good! Happy Groundhog Day!
Ugh. We needed that. We're being so impatient today! What the fuck!
This girl just walked in with a Vera Bradley umbrella. .......I want you.
On the other hand, Kadima had managed to survive despite being designed purely as a governing party, not an opposition one.
Trying to improve performance of this laptop and making it more recoverable. Formatting the C: drive not trivial.
My summer >
Love it when you give me head, hate it when you give me headaches - J-Cole
I'm a chessy dork at heart guys!! :D
This fool said John F. Kennedy is on the 50 dollar bill and his name stand for Just Freaking Kidding so he's not dead. I can't.
this weekend! Im thinkin about going there as soon as I can!
I LOVE THAT PHOTO.
hope you found them useful!
dont you notice we're retweeting almost all your tweets?
hahah I respond to all my replies (:
Happy St. Patty's Day! Please stop by Champion's Pub on Bartlett Ave. and donate a non perishable food item! Thanks for your support!
awe great pic
No idea.
aw. I got mine during presale too. but nothing like that.
Sunday Morning Spanglish Breakfast Sandwich! YUM! Great way to start a Sunday! :)
Thank you. The costs of protesting aren't equal, b/c enforcement isn't equal. POC and/or undocumented people face greater risks.
Thank you so much for suggesting folks follow us. We appreciate the support
#KONY2012 Supported by have you heard the word?
don't take me too seriously
I called the suicide hotline. Got a call center in Pakistan. They got excited and asked if I could drive a truck.
Hope everyone had a safe and happy 4th =)
Brands are now getting kred.ly influence scores for their entire follower base, good way to know who to DM and listen to.
"I lost all respect for 50 cent when he hated on Justin. Really. And now 50 cent and Justin Bieber are hanging out together? ok."
thanks fam, we appreciate the support and look forward working with you.
I just came from a Libertarian Party meeting and at the end no different than one another. America we need to understand this, we are one
well I'm about do that haha. Its amazing how droids let you text with one hand lol
Thanks for the follow. If you have a moment, feel free to DM sometime. Cheers!
Good month! Deff getting Harold and Maude, Hollis Frampton, and the Late Spring upgrade!
JOMDC FH Studio Mgr Caroline Besley & our Marketing/PR Mgr will be at the Dina in DC event tomorrow! Look out for them.
police: son. That aint yours you aint got no rights to pain on it Graffiti artist: yes huh, its got my name on it, see?
The UDC Backus Campus will offer 23 Associate Degree programs including fashion merchandising and construction.
makes science so much fun! best teacher ever!
this is for me this is for you our fuerza our strength & our truth
my profile says 6,995 tweets, my page says 6,998 :O which one is it?!?!
I have a scar on the back of my ear from my second hole closing up. I don't think that's normal
Enerchia fact of the day: Chia is still a traditional food for the Tarahumaras and Chumash people in Mexico.
Both the and lose home playoff games tonight. :-( Let's hope for better results soon!
I can only imagine the challenges we will get if people continue to get confused. Note to teens: your teachers didn't assign erotica
What i gotta do to meet you,
#FOLLOWTHON will be coming to an end soon lol so hit me if you want the follow back.
and i think i want one more head on it .. if you want. maybe roog.
it was so funny!
. Notice how kids today have no attention span? Too busy watching 19h38m of Harry Potter
I'm bored can someone text me I'm <U+E522><U+E019><U+E522><U+E019><U+E522>ing
Reminds me of SPalin nomination man-on-street reaction "I love her-she sounds just like girls at the corner shop"
DJ's are DJ's..MC's are MC's..They should never do each others job. When you hear the DJ talking more then the music playing thats a problem
eu queria ir pro show do rio :(
Paul's Boutique got me through my summer as a janitor at my old high school.
ad people love to TALK about what's not happening in the industry a lot more than they like DOING something about it.
RT : ON CAMERA to bystander: "How bad is the wind right now?: #Andy Fox
Bull shit! I would tip the other maids $20 each..: Maybe it's because they secretly know you don't like to ...
Hope this day turns out to be better then the last two days, that was hell.
We The Kings makes me feel like you know what RT We the kings makes me feel like summer
Omg lol he wags his tail! So cute! Looovvee it!
Congrats on the round! Your transparency is refreshing and inspiring. Would love to grab a meal sometime in the near future...
Think #TaylorSwift is great, but I thought she sounded really out of tune 2nite! #Beyonce was incredible! Loved #Pink, #Gaga Of Course!
Awake! I love sleeping in even when it means I have work until late at night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
all day Sunday bro!! Just let me know when man!!
Fantasy Factory looks so much fun.
"Grace Anatomy" - Part 3 is now available on the Reconnection iPhone app. Learn how to access God's supernatural ability. Get it today.
GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT
Looking forward to a well played WC final on Sunday!!!
So good to see 's smiling face at church this morning! Love you!
Heh, today's going to be a blogging day it seems :D
It has huge upsides, too (and people with cushy fellowships are in great shape), but yeah, it can also really suck.
To my Facebook pals... once Timeline is pushed to everyone, you can find me on Twitter at FridayNiteGuy. I will still use FB, but as often.
good morning tweetie
RT : I think most men don't like giving oral. They just do it to get you wet. And if that's your only purpose then buy lube.
I love driving during summer nights with the volume high and the wind blessing me;)
lol I don't wear then often, that's a good thing...I like my flats.
My boo on skype with his friend who shows him his child my boo was like wow HE looks like you then his friend is like SHE is a girl lmao
The first 5 twitter followers to come see me at the show will be entered into a drawing for a free subscription to MSDSonline.com (#543)
Got drum corp tomorrow and i lost my sticks.. sorry Mr.Berry!! Please no pushups!!
I love you back!!
We leave around 1pm. So I may have time to buy a couple of things. Depends on how long I stay in the shower. LOL
I went to school w/Callie!! Bt she Lefted US!!!!!! :(
Fail could of kept the Reeboks RT : Y'all like the new Nike jerseys?
Aries people fight without hate for their opponents.
Have a great Sunday ! God Bless !
The problem with someone having connections at the bar is that everyone gets really drunk, really fast...
no im sorry i was just messing around well be at howe
let me have my alter ego plz
what music do you like?
Hey, I want to hear #ImNotAGangsta by !
good luck tomorrow!
We should meet up there! I'm giving a paper on the last morning, but will probably be there the whole time.
oh no. Hope everything is all right soon.
congrats, struggling to get started with my own weight loss
This is exciting news! Former 'SVU' star Chris Meloni is in talks to make his TV comeback on True Blood as a powerful vampire:)
Idc ..Cotto is out there doing it
I don't need your "Score" to tell me shit. stop trying to data rape everyone.
Wait! I thought you looked familiar.... from that Levine event! Cool!
Vernon High doing the Jr. version of Guys and Dolls!?!?! Lol
Quick tip: For #motivation to get your butt to the #gym, #exercise, #loseWeight, try getting a friend to workout with!
": Time for the NBA to come-up off that 6th-man award today...... Everyone congratulate he worked his tail off."
“: Is anyone else's instagram not loading....?” mine isn't .
we still love u. get ur shots in and work hard out there
sue, baby, sue!
SAY CHEESE! It's national Cheese Day! Whats your favorite kind of cheese?
Loco ur ok
The public is never wrong. - Adolph Zukor
It opens next Fri. It seems like opening big Hollywood movies overseas is the new trend. I'm seeing it Monday.
Any women who throws drinks is weak
haha I'll tell you later
R.I.P Uncle Eugene
yessir better b ready
F.N.B. Corporation Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
not so far fetched considering the type of kids we recruit now. Plus we've had a 3.0 + the last 2 semesters & highest sec apr.
Did the dude suggest a clean and permanent break at all, or was that one of the taboo topics?
Might actually stay up for the whole game
never count me out. u better count me in
You know it! Saw him last time he was at , wouldn't miss it for the world! See you on the dance floor
we don't get breaks unless we work more than five hours........
Survivor tonight! So excited!
Ha! If it's your kid that's causing the problem, you should just glower at them relentlessly until they leave. Might as well!
Aw, thanks. You're so sweet!
Thank you very much!
“: I am always silently correcting people's grammar...” it's a habit.
#twitter need ta do sum bout this spam shit on the tt's
The Donald for Prez? Well...Still we love Celebrity Apprentice! Tonite's the best yet! Still what the hell happened to NeNe?!
Timing is everything, and everything happens for a reason!
Don't forget to send your e-mail address to to receive a free holiday workout! Happy Holidays from KoreFit!
I had a zotero meltdown last night! All my Spanish citations got screwed up. Finally figured it out after hours of despair.
This means 150 million more people could have enough to eat each year.
RT : #FF for the best deals - anywhere! - gah-lee, thanks! :) /via // agreed!
I don't need a map to tell me where in the US I am. I have roadkill for that. Dead armadillo? Gotta be headed to Florida.
That's about the same for me. The new studio is being built, and we're relocating this weekend.
on a tough day you need tough self-love, not tough self criticism
Potentially! Are you on Words With Friends?
Great to have you following, Mainor!
Hah! RT : Status in higher ed:"Harvard could water-board kids" &still have apps." , we can't water-board kids."
Hey, I'm making a video for 's birthday. Tweet me, or DM if you would like to know the information to be in it!
So tired. Need a cocktail and caffeine stat! Excited to see Mr Bermke!!!
I feel like a cool kid since I got the last Arizona Drink from the Corner store :D
will you be back mon
“: Casual Friday means I can casually have drinks on my lunch break, right?”samsummerFRiDAY
they pissed me off so I turned to twitter.. I'd be more productive if they would leave me alone
Liking that has a sandwich named after Santigold, thinking I should eat it during her set
thank you!!! Btw, I'm taking notes. :)
I'm in a soul music mood .. throw the artist/track suggestions this way.
I think i just saw my dad in my mirror waving hi <3 i miss him so much :( rip..
Hey babies, all those sights and sounds that you find so fascinating are actually boring as shit
You Go KATY I love you !!
#replacemovienameswithbacon Friends With Bacon :D
First week with my babies back. Went from having free evenings to football 3 nights, basketball 2 nights mommy 0 nights. Gotta live it!!!
Here we go again!!!
the people who always judge are pretty fuckin fake if you ask me
Figured out a way to use WCF AJAX services in a mixed HTTP/HTTPS environment
Good Morning
MUD Coffee
hahaha!!! I'm like fashion wonder woman!! Coming in to save the day!
Colorado is a great place to be.
Sure, i can pick up George Porter Jr from the airport...
Great hearing your story on NPR
New York,concrete jungles where dreams are made of theres nothing you cant do. xx
Homer Bailey with 42 pitches in the first inning. Brewers up 2-0 after one.
I think might have an opinion on that
5 Holdings For A Defensively Invested Portfolio - Seeking Alpha
4chan community threads disappear after a few hours.
maybe everyone doesn't deserve a 2nd chance. if i can be perfect why can't you?
Six-year old cat for free. He may piss all over your carpet, poke and prod your boobs, and sleep on your head, but he's company.
It is so cold in atlanta a happy new year lov u guys mwaa don't forget to follow me
Justs announced: Dick Clarke has died. More to come
got it. dmz successful. now onto installing and doing config on IIS
yeah dood, we forget stuff like that sometimes... Getting your Starbucks order wrong isn't a problem. People forget though.
ya geez MUST BE REAL NICE.
working and enjoying it
Toyota forecasts profit will double, reaching highest level in 5 Years Toyota forecasts profit will more than double to a five-year high
You have the most BEAUTIFUL EYES I HAVE EVER SEEN lol : )
#scms12 the personal computer can only be an oxymoron
yea like saturday
See ya
she said she has shorts she's going to wear. She can always just wear them under/over
What's ur favorite way to enjoy headcheese-Sliced on biscuits, folded into collard greens, in a leaf salad, melted onto cornbread, other?
great achievements and followers...im about 3years behind you...ill meet u at the top!
I love me some him
I feel retribution coming...
oxoxoxoxo so sexy
This is the wild west; still figuring out & setting precedents. For that matter, is metadata even copyrightable in the first place?
so why are you hiding in the closet ??? literally lol
okie doke we need to get together
Excellent. Thanks!!
thank you!
Both teams are real hungry. They are going after every rebound, every loose ball, throwin themselves to the floor. Good game.
I love u from a distance.....
i have to go. bye -briana
My fav quote from last night “RT Consumers now have a mega-phone & brands have to take notice & have a strategy for that"
Is it wrong for me to root against the spurs for the sole reason that they have two Frenchmen in their starting 5?
Sleeping-in is the .biz
Only on a liberal arts college campus would you hear guys discussing how America is like the Hunger Games
Maybe I'll try for Dice-K before and Matsui after since Matsui plays for the home team so I'll have another shot later in time.
Happy to be back on the set of Hawaii Five-O tomorrow. Playing a Parent whose kid has been taken by pirates in #116 Powa Maka Moana!
We participate in a tragedy at a comedy we only look.
LOL stop following me if you never gonna respond to anything I say
Lovely day to be out on the Hamptons for a private party. Sort of.
I'm following u
Woke up to find this - RT I don't think there's a more relaxing band than Hammock...
just finished a song with charley stefl and peter cronin for Volume 2.....and it's killer....if i may say so.....
is such a team player with a great attitude! Go
Not yet.
I'm all dressed up to chaperone a prom. By the way, after looking in the mirror, I'd totally date me.
this Thursday ! Tonight #Ajs “: my buddy has a band that plays there all the time!”
Good Morning..Get'cho drunk ass up!!
is on the way to the Reliant Stadium to go see Alan Jackson at the Houston Rodeo! Yeehaw!
Chicago For Picnics & The Zoo :) I <3 my man; he's so darn cute
Well, Goodnight! I love you! :D
im good working as well.. ya you cant let your skills pass you up bro.. i miss you man.. im in TN right now. for work..
Back from my very unplugged cruise. Ah...nice to be on land. :-)
Lew is a snake.
Thanks for the great RTs! , , ,
Don't forget about our $4.95 lunch specials Mon-Friday 11-4. Giddy Up! it sure is tastey!
lol. That is funny.
the skinny blue fox waslked past the tired dog.
Youtube just showed me the trailer of Safe with Statham ... aka 2 Mercury 2 Rising
Congratulations! To my best friend, Rebecca. You're beautiful little girl is soo sweet! Love you both
goodnight twitter <U+2665>
Good for the customer who is standing in electronics singing and dancing like he's an actual performer, to lady gaga.
RT : Illinois among states making 'significant progress' on #health insurance exchange: AP...
Thanks, Janice!
Feeling like I should play a game of hide and seek before I go to bed.
handsome boy. Btw, congratulations to the Blackhawks. Well deserved. Very good series.
heck yea!
TY Washington Post FB app, I now know that 3 friends read an article on 'mothers raping their own daughters.' All <U+2640>s BTW
Missed Brian's webinar? Don't worry -- you can still download the recording!
Wish I could have been there!
I listen to boosie all day everyday his shit will never get old
I AM YOUR MOM RT : thinks she's my mom.
Going to go make the M1kenobi show
Do not try to cross the st. Johns bridge right now. Awful traffic
SERIOUS LIPSTICK
sorry we had an emergency!!! Sorry we missed you!
Coming up this weekend kicks off our feature new album "world view"
Yep. I kinda have live by that motto to be professionally viable. :-)
EYY go follow hes pretty good :D<3 and go follow if you haven't yet c: (y)
Spoiled kids<<<
Time to get my run on. 3 miles and Im out. I'll hit the weights tonight.
thanks for following!
When you don't have students best interests at heart, you need to get out of the field of education ASAP!
Herbal medicines for oral thrush contain serious lead levels - VietNamNet Bridge
- Congrats on the new gig with Comcast Spectacor! Best of luck with the transition and look forward to connecting in Philly!
I'll be on Sports Plus with on and at 11:35pm tonight as we wrap up the #Caps season
What's up guys
Still 41-41 at the #PalomarFootball game. Exciting and tense. Saddleback pushing toward the goal line. 1:52 left in 4qr.
Breathing a sigh of relief as I send my last Christmas package. Better late than never?
I like some other things Huntsman said. But I've always been Ron Paul all the way back to 2008
JUST FOLLOWED AND TWEET ME!!! NBD!! I LOVE HIM <3
why am i wearing all pink to sleep ? -.-
OMG! I pulled something in my shoulder. Major pain! Somebody help me!!!!!
keep your head up man they didn't get rid of you it was only business. Hope one day you come back or go to the Pacers
Lol. Forgot to stock my fridge with that.
Willie, the "George Clooney of Cats," is owned by
you wasn't playing huh LOL
When u pass ppl. In the grocery stores, sidewalks, events, anywhere. Why is it about 80% of us don't want to have a conversation!
go on www.aaron.tv and meet someone new
S/O to everybody I grew up wit
waiting for the dish network guy to install all the dvr things lol..... ordered pizza though... happy dance ^_^
It's not me!!
hey by the way, i liked the idea of doing an acoustic album with upright bass. (it is upright bass, right?)
Writers: does anyone else get physically ill when you can't write regularly for some reason, or am I weirder than I thought?
Hiding today; epic presentation in the afternoon. Fingers crossed!
I'm lookin! even old crackberries are like 100 bucks on ebay ... looks like the brick and I were
you leave a legacy
You're welcome! Hope to see you soon!
I totally know what story ur talking about. But others might wonder about this tweet
Have you read "Velvet Ball and the Broken Fairy" by ? Why not? - be sure to ask me about this one...
are you guys going to this Saturday to see DJ Baby Anne?
Congrats man!
Just checked in to the RIO for the annual DEFCON security conf. Should be great !
Are these broads serious right now?
is this a joke? From the bottom of my heart please
A story of hope, perseverance and courage -.the story of Tim Berta - how he survived a deadly bus crash and is defying doctors - at 6 & 11.
don't know. Ask Bob L!“: Do you think we'll see highs below 55 again this season?”
GET RICH QUICK SCHEMES ARE FOR LAZY PEOPLE WORK HARD GET PAID NO OUT OF POCKET EXPENSE 5TO 10,000 MONTHLY HARD WORK BUT REWARDING .
Bags packed, babies sleeping. Off to #RIS12 tomorrow. Funny in some way this event is where "it" all began....
Anyone interested in 2 free chihuahuas with a years worth of food and all the other crap? A friend is looking to get rid of his
longest rant i've every done. but it needed to be said, okay(:
Today, occupy oakland solidarity demonstration and strike gathering at 4 p.m. in Washington Sq. park.
Don't wait: Start your Future Today!
for all facebook friends plse. go to Galleria at Sunset page and please like the C-boyz Starz dance video for a contest.We need your "likes"
Ewwww my brother always waking up on hard!! Ewwwwwwww
"I got mine!"
What's wrong with your car?
I hope not! This shit is sad!
This is making Palin look smarter and smarter as we go.
Good morning. Just a few more days until and talk #ppandf2 on
Nothing yet fights in a few hrs. “: what did I miss?”
My takeaway so far from #DevLearn is to do whatever tweets ;)
Toot toot beep beep Bad Girls! RIP Donna Summer =-(
Lost my job in journalism. I feel like I've had an ethical muzzle removed. I can (and must) eat free food.
After such a long day today I came home to a plate of chicken cutlets! Ugh my mom knows me so well
Wishing you a happy birthday! I'm sending a virtual beer your way. ;)
GO FOLLOW NOW! A MASSIVE MAHOMIE<3
like how me you anglo stay in mode.
really? I'll have to check it out then
IS THE SHIT
I say enough of that, sweet pea. Enough of that. DEAR SUGAR, The Rumpus Advice Column
I got to much pride to cry fa ya
": I've liked you since I met you."
hahaha okay good! Im parked on the street!
IMO an honest debate shd b held in regards 2 same-sex marriage. Instead of flaunting moral superiority & regressing 2 name calling ...
Where is the FCC? Why can't they fine or cancel Rush?
OMW TO THE STUDIO
yeah! I couldn't talk the day after we went last year! Haha! But its supposedly ALOT scarier this year! :)
it's just better for the baby IMO.
Only black people can say the N word, Which is confusing for white hip hop fans. He's my homie too. Nevermind.
#resume #tips when you write a resume, make sure you populate it over to LinkedIn as recruiters go there often...
Welcome back you have been missed ...
now let's just hope it works! I will just need 5 credits after that to graduate!
yeah it is u should follow them
WTF!? I dont even know who this kid is!
Good luck
I hope less than 30 minutes lol
I just saw Johnny Unitas in a piece of mint
Team mayweather bitch
Really its just starting to get somewhat warm here lol :p
Flynn: embezzling is a dirty word.
Secured an apartment for September, so it looks like I'll be coming home this summer !
i wonna go to the #club and
I hate shopping by myself D;
I love how every throw shown in his espn highlight was under thrown. Anybody else?
With two-way prayer, I'm no longer alone.
Oh snap...bring it on,
Can I take a picture of u to show Santa what I want for X-mas? No, but u can take a picture of my rear end so u won't forget my rude ass(;
check your mentions and go to interactions. Or check the tweet and click on the retweets part
Bring that Zero to Naptown, in a form besides the 20 oz (I'm talking 12oz CAN [or 2 liter also])!
i think you caught the classic case of Pussyitis. Symptoms include bitching, complaining, noticing weird lumps, etc.
damn I WISH I was there too! :D
Good morning everyone have a great Tuesday #humpday!
those kids are blessed to have the best coach in the league. :)
no way! Maybe I'll see u round! Hoping to go ballin' in Philly: drinks at Morimoto, Union Trust & meander back to Old City
Thanks for the follow-I will pass along a #FollowFriday for you to build up some more, but soon-you won't need my help-LOL!
that's obnoxious. And weird considering the rest of the site isn't too in-your-face
I love KrishnaDas. If you haven't heard his chanting, go for it!
#unbelievable 2012 looks like a good start
Sunday nights to me are relaxing in a way whether im at work or not
omg ms monica thinks shes abby lee or some shit shes doing a pyramid at dance thursday hahaha
Lots of euth in this county. We'll save 8-10 dogs here tomorrow. Too many here now to go to SC & we'd need behav eval first.
RT : TRADE official, source told Denver Post. Melo to Knicks www.denverpost.com/sports
I hate people who don't walk with a purpose. I KNOW this is not your first time here. Quit acting like a tourist!
Just ate a burrito with sweet potato puree in it. This makes furious. But I just received "Remaking Modernity" so it's cool?
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song ""Theraflu?" Fail or Cray?
RT : Planned parenthood is an abortion mill for Profit despite their status.// That doesn't even make sense!
Happy Bornday to the AMAZING ! Have a good day babe! xoxo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I told new manager about #CrazyBill crusty old man lips when we have to snap his hood and those drooly yet crusty lips omg she heaved. Yay!
You got me fucked up your going on my block list forreal
Marine/Mechanical Engineer
your american idol tweeting with mahn is making my work night a little better!!! Lol
that is weird. I wouldn't think people would notice / care if I didn't tweet and would only unfollow if my tweets sucked.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the great Moms out in the Twitterverse!
That makes a lot of sense. A few of my derby friends are SAHMs, & derby was the first thing they did for themselves in YEARS.
Earthquake in New York ^_^
Psalm 10:14 "But you, O God, do see trouble and grief; you consider it to take it in hand. ...you are the helper of the fatherless."
Me: "I feel so mature and confident to take on the world!" life: "lol give me a second to screw with with your joy."
Tweet me guys:) i'm bored.
DONT HACK MY TWITTER ACCOUNT THATS PERSONAL.
ving one's dreams
When your not sure if you can trust people or not <<<<<<
I land Thursday night at 9:30 pm. No stopping until Sunday. MIAMI!!!
good night sexy ;)
Do Americans drive to Canada to buy furniture? RT : O'Malley: MD is a place that is sometimes is called America in miniature
oh & i'm not gonna lie, i miss
I guess UK fans will wait till April and have both,will you confront him then? everyone is scared in Bristol to question him
I don't got fake boobs 100% real,but if u got plastic surgery so wat dat doesn't mean nothing be happy even doe its fake!
Wetter than a pool.
Those 2 are always discussing their aches n pains RT Out of context tweet o the day RT Is it swollen?
The biggest piece of me is missing You should be here with me just kissing But all the waiting Is always worth it.
girls day yay
Death before dishonor...Real niggaz gettin' extinct out here!!!
There was never a time when I said I loved you and didn't mean it..<3
Awesome, another musical number
Anytime! Glad you had fun!
Pam Pam pam
There is a girls of Pubcon calendar?!
you have NO clue how much loves you! please make her day and follow her!
Gonna see our buddies , , & tmrrw. It's on.
People trying to hook me up with guys. For one, I don't need help finding guys. And secondly, I don't like relationships
The worst thing you can do to sabotage your success is to never really get started.
I think Seattle, Minnesota, or Cleveland
Secret Country is turning this place into a ho down for sure!
we didn't want him to treat me for lyme. I just need a pediatrician well he wont see me until he gets my doctors name
ALl four of Michigan State's FGs have come near the rim so far.
I dnt want to go either but Thats what the Judge gave Me that shit Suck ) ;
We're okay. Rach is on temporary aviation duty to North Carolina, so missing her plenty.
Conan is so much better on tbs
can't you just use a hologram?
these guys were online before most of us:
There are SO MANY problems in this world. All one can do is latch onto one they are passionate about, dive in, & try to make a difference.
You're such a grumpy old man sometimes.
so, i gotta question do you wanna have a slumber party in my basement? do i make your heart beat like an 808 drum? is my love your drug?
Coming up on 27 news at 5:30... UW football players talk about not having a let down. Plus OB Schofields big play in the AZ/MIN game
RT : Tips for Running Your Business During the Holidays - Receive tips for running your business during the holidays and...
I know was a long painful process. Would love to hear her story sometime.
The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be
yeah! I like it becausethe color and the effect makes it look stand out! Enjoy your day :)
Fortis Earns $121 Million in First Quarter
I will not let my teammates down and I will not let myself down
#WebDevelopment #Design Back to furthering my education on plugin development and working on this Twitter plugin.
Radio in new (to me) car isn't working... was very thankful for the iphone app on my commute in!
Another Ring My Bell ! Operators are flexing their muscles for you again!!!!!
Have you gotten it yet? The tattoo I mean?
you're so annoying.
I can't believe I am about to workout on my birthday! There better be balloons waiting for me on the treadmill!
imma need da Lakers to NOT let Denver catch up
I can't wait till this month is over,
#sheenroast was amazing. Amy was the best.
I really don't feel like eating for the next few days..
Will post contest details later on how to enter
Shopping for this weekend's catering gigs....Mardi Gras Dinner! Pralines, Crab Cakes, and Jambalaya at PHYC! App party on Sat for 16 yum!
After a night of sports reporting for I'm beyond #excited to hear that will be speaking next week.
that's that bullshit
Every one needs to follow #travisclark or the world is going to turn into a gummybear:3
#IlikeObamacare like I like another hole in the head, which, incidentally probably has a 3 month lead time for treatment under obamacare
People at the store thought I was crazy... I picked up a pineapple and started knocking on it looking for Sponge Bob. lol
A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his. Bobby Darin
Fair pt. I meant specifically the developer culture. I didn't get to see a Hackathon, but I take Bosworth at his word on that...
I'm gonna post Chapter 2 of The Way I Loved You tonight after I come home.
I love making music so much.
<U+FFFD>See How Easily You Can
Word for today: Moiety (n) - half or a part, portion, or share
you should find a good friend to help you with some of the final steps for your videos and the radio show. :)
I hope soRT : Still sad we won't see #7 out there play in Will enjoy seein that number up in the Rafters of the Rose Garden
I didn't realize we were coming off of a WWII like past 10 years. Ignoring the context is magical thinking.
Exhausted from filing
This is the best kind of voyeurism, hearing joy from your neighbors. Sigars, Chuck
absolutely. Feels a lot different today than 30 days ago.
go get it Sharey! Have a good race.
yes can we talk about that? Maybe you are super natural
Damn Just got my ass beat by in cribbage...again! i cant not wait for Cribbage12 to come out so i can finally beat Tito!
Get the 35.
Cleaning isn't easy...so hire a professional to do it.
LAST KINGS!
got my phone lmao
i love how they all doubt me
What's an article, old chap?
Watching Teen Witch. Life is made!
Best of Ohio does breakfast tonight on ch 99 at 7- tomorrow anytime on Ch 411. Remembering the Dim Sum we shot is making me hungry...
What happen?
If it was easy everybody would be doing it.
Did a guy from ur office tell you hi from me yesterday? Could you have him call our office pls? We just got 500 toothbrushes!
Oh, that was Too Much Pizza. At least we walked there and back, so it's not a total loss. Definitely doing some dancing/yoga tonight!
Oh, you're the one.
Happy Birthday Linz!! Hope you have a good one today!! =)
Tomorrow it's 80 degrees. I am so hitting the batting cages and skipping a class or two and may have a few day drinks. We'll see.
up to 65% off !!! FURNITURE SALE !!! EVERTHING MUST GO!!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Reading "Speak Like Churchill-Stand Like Lincoln" by James Humes. A must read for leaders. 21 tight and truly powerful pointers.
Thanks for stopping!
so I cooked and ate a tin of it. Now it's more like -groan- carnitas :)
Thanks for being my "Industry Pastor" today! You have 2 e-blast when you need ithem.. A seed into your ministry! God bless
I don’t always drink, but when I do, I prefer drinking with hot chicks. Stay thirsty my friends…
Charlie is under the weather; he will not be at The Lilac Festival for a few days. Tiki is ready to play, so come out and visit us today!
I loove you :)
Thanks for the follow and best wishes with your novel!
Why do y'all keep talking to Joe Oliver? Please stop.
Don't 4get I'll be @ the Panera on Poplar Wed. at 5:30 p.m. 2 discuss the new 36 Percent Project! I'll provide the food, just bring ideas!
Hi there! Let's #edchat sometime.
7 Tech Time Warps That Will Blow Your Mullet Off [VIDEOS]
just received what I most needed today- and icecream cake present from It came with a bonus prize for - dry ice.
tha't s the rum talking
Breakfast Stout for Dessert
Belated TY for following me :-) Somehow thought I was already following you back. Don't know why not.
Let's be honest. So far Matt Moore has been a rookie. RT : And let's be honest. So far Matt Moore has been a disappointment.
Thursday is coming quick. Get stoked, Tucson. Can't wait to hang out with
alright thanks
Going for a nice, short 3-miler tonight on the #Chicago lakefront. Almost time 4 new shoes after the #FlyingPig last weekend!
New York <3
Bucks don't
I miss y'all too ughh :(
has produced a vast population able to read but unable to distinguish what is worth reading
we got you homie. We're working on setting the date now and it will definitely be after June 11th. Hold it down in Norway fam!
No one can inspire your #photography like you can.
you're welcome. (:
I'm really hoping she sent chocolates from thechocolatebar.. Just got a valentine from my mom!
It's amazing how incompetent Atlantic Broadband's support team is, especially when senior management can fix it within 30 seconds.
! Research for your next book, a hard boiled desert noir tale?
I once asked a wise man "what's better, to love or be loved?" he replied,"what's more important to a bird his left wing or right wing?"
Gross. Cancer and smelly clothes are not cute :)
Psychosomatic is just another word for "your brain is broken".
Lens for sale: Nikon 24mm PC (Tilt Shift). Used 5 times, perfect condition. Please contact for info and RT!
Just had to debug an Excel Macro in order to be able to place an internal order. When bureaucracy meets tech, it's hell.
you're most welcome!
Out of control emotions kills so much of our time
RT : "Children are never good at listening to their elders but they never fail to imitate them." James Baldwin
Friends Balt should be super proud of its PLPeeps. Great job sharing their "shift" story.
The best part about this is how hard is laughing at himself.
Thanks for coming by! Hope you scored some great new kicks
tonight! - Dancehall, Reggae, Roots, Irie Sounds w/ , + guests | sangria & red stripe specials all nite
Manamana. I want subway.
Happy International Women's Day and I'm really thankful for all beautiful women in my life! #thankGodforwomen! :D
twitter is like...intellectual vomit
We enjoyed visiting Crooked Oak High School today!!! Great group of students!!!!
Sated. This tweet is a total endorsement of the chow mein from Sun's in Highland Park.
Oh OK cool and I was talking about your little one lol
#Levin gives verbal beating to caller, while making best case why ONLY a real conservative can defeat Barack Obama
we're a family. It's ride or die.
TRAFFIC ADVISORY Avoid the area of MLK-1st St & Orange-Central now til 6pm Saturday. THERE WILL BE STREET CLOSURES! PLAN AN ALTERNATE ROUTE!
you know damn well they ain't gon buy food wit dat money lmao
#MurrayTrial it will be an aquittal.
We’re going to call this the “lightening round” we’ve got 3/$20 gift cards for to give away
The host enabled a database! We're set!
when ain't u never rude , stupid
This has to be the loudest I've ever heard 10k people...
lol #truth im just tryin to drink like the champions that you guys are lol
finally.. some relaxation
Need a studio for your next music project. Hit me up! wants you! Schedule a visit all are welcome! Come check us out
These last few days of school just may make me go insane !
thanks for coming out and giving it a whirl!
thinking I was going or getting some place fast, all the time not realizing or respecting the process and the fact that excellence take time
Sounds great
Just because something is easy to measure doesn't mean it's important
Looks like A LOT of my followers know they SEXY lol. They say confidence is very attractive ;)
Yelling all around the world do u hear me? Do you like my body? Anna Nicki <U+E424><U+E423><U+E253><U+E03C>
Ok officially redeveloping my website AGAIN! This theme breaks a little more every time there are updates even for plugins. Grrr!
#Maury is getting fake just like #JerrySpringer!
New topic - Fish-Eye Athletics (Antwerp 10Miles PHOTOS)
hahha i know right. it wasn't the same without jane lynch though.
Will you be at #fosterly tomorrow? Would be happy to finally meet you in person...
not even could have prevented that german ass whooping of
So Rondo did get suspended, sucks but he bumped a ref, can't really argue it.
What gossip? No idea what your talking about.
where are you talking about?
TeeHee you know it
The Red Cross needs cleaning supplies! Drop them off at our Library and we will hand deliver Saturday afternoon!!!
Asm Skinner (Berkeley... Jyeah!) now presenting at the Assembly Appropriations Committee
The closer to midnight it gets the more depressed I get!
Huge thank you our entire team who made this a success. A special glass raised to + whose partnership made this happen.
"God is good!" SuperBowl XLV. God is truly a Pittsburgh Steeler fan!
#highlightofmyday having a conference call with my chickens and
Q4 FREE! My favorite!
Why am I baq on this thing?
#SteveJobs You will be missed!
sounds very interesting but unfortunately I won't be in town...
oh wow I remember that thing! Plays cassette tapes, sold!
thanks for following...awesome lineup of talent!
that's right... He is dangerous
Proud to manage beautiful models like & for soon you'll be seeing them on silver screen
500 followers :D
I'm up bitches
At and wondering if anyone works here #greatcustomerservice NOT
Alright, cool bro.!
One of my cousins brought a wheelbarrow for her eggs.
If you rate national anthem screw-ups on a scale from 1 to 10, that was about a 2. She stumbled once and finished flawlessly
Haha! Oh well, I already got my number. I'll probably be up there around 10:00.
America loves pizza RT : 41% of Americans now eat pizza once a week compared to 26% just 2 years ago (via )
I love your twitter handle. Thanks for following
Power is out... Lame.
Ouch! :/ I jst got attacked by bumble bee's!
Hi! Is this John Hinze from WC? This is Marianne Pleticka
Found that picture of us today..
#manchesterderby MANCHESTER CITY We Run this Town!!!!!!!!!!!!
what's wrong Mae?
Can't wait to see Steve Nash be the glue for this #Knicks team next year
i never do
is there a working live stream?????
I apologize for being myself do I offend your punk ass?
ESPN2 ALLEN V PLANO EAST WHO'S GONNA WIN? TWEET TO WIN TICKETS TO
you owe it to yourself.
Like video games? Get bored at work? Check out for live streaming, news and reviews
Wow deep religious undertones tonight in Lost!
If wade sits out n we dont put battier on kobe.. Our new unis will get their first L... Bron better be ready kobe looks hungry again.. N ...
Whats the problem ?
Help! Fix my Amazon EC2 instance!
not offended. prefer #geographer, but i am .gov
you would.
...If you yell out, "Say Girl, I know where dem Wild Thangs Grow" in reference to my tattoo, please just get the title of the book right.
"Lindsay Lohan to play Liz Taylor in Lifetime film" #yahoonews Will Zac Efron play Richard Burton?
Arrived Tucson Festival of Books. The joinnt is already rockin'.
I thought you liked the book?
American Spirits Exchange is a national importer and distributor serving the alcoholic beverage industry (spirits, wine and beer).
Wtf is wrong with people. Ugh bad mood
Just got invite for another friend's wedding-that's 7 this summer(not including those we're working!) How many are YOU attending this year?
#GOP who's most recent Pres. declared false "Mission Accomplished" doesn't understand #Obama taking credit 4 ACTUAL Bin Laden victory
Tucker, GA- Need females for video shoot. No nudity. Pay is 125 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
Celebrate the Halladay today - Phillies vs Yankees at 1:05 - MLB Network. Roy starts on the bump for the Phightens.
Say it ain't so! I'm gonna make my kids watch every #OTH episode!!
I feel pretty, and witty, and bright.
Follow me please i love you<U+2665>
Got it THEE fuck in last night!
Happy Monday! In one word, how was your weekend?
NPA began in response to the murder of Sakia Gunn in 2003. We still exist 6 years later as an org fighting for safer spaces for LGBT people.
red skullcandys. I don't know who had them, but I couldn't find them after SRT.
It really gives it a wider audio range. Perfect for multi-use entertainment.
Will You Ever Come To SAN DIEGO California #AskAlexConstancio P.S I Love You <33
I could totes go for a lobster roll right now
well ive only been on it for bout ten mins in all it sucks
Oh my gosh. What the heck is this stupid side panel???
SERIOUSLY HAPPY NEW YEAR! Seriously please be safe and CALL PAUL! 24/7 505-884-5583 should the freezing weather cause damages to your home.
Someday I want to completely soak my skin in highlighter ink then wander around in a blacklight room.
Driving in this beautiful weather blasting Nickelback. Love love love.
Airline tickets to Tampa booked...let the countdown begin
adjust the line height so all of the text boxes vertically center to the text
Our new puppy shelly is home finally!!! XD
you follow?
Won't be surprised if you have your own talk show in future. You always have interesting experiences.
At downtown #library. Warms my heart to spend time with #writer #activist Denise Chavez.
I should be asleep but......
don't do it
U can def run a mile if you've been running for a while (which I think you have?). Sometimes it's mental! U have to MAKE urself.
Sometimes you just wanna stay in bed all day.
I gotta get up out of here. Idk what ima do but ima just drive
Yes, check out the schedule that came in the package.
My interview about whether Glenn Beck is a demagogue will air at 1:25 EST at www.kpfa.org--tune in!
I have an idea for decorations for the I-Team man cave. How about Four Non-Blondes or Alanis Morrisette posters? ;)
'Windows' and 'Program Files' on SSD, 'Temp' and user directories on spindle. Windows 8 is lubed lightning
the best!!
My lunch table talks about the craziest things. It makes since because i have the craziest people at my table :)
oh well, it never stopped me from doing what i have to do.
not a complete loss of interest but 1D is just taking over my mind lololol
The more you sweat in peace the less you bleed in battle
Excited to hear about "professional currency" of #LinkedIn via
FAQ: Can I meet with a bankruptcy attorney and not file for bankruptcy? A: Yes! And it's free when you meet with us!
had a disco nap. now ready to face the evening/night.
please RT me anything with my name in it!!
I'll check it out! Thanks!
The only French feline I have any knowledge of is the object of Pepe Le Pew's disturbing affection.
Amazing, right? Though, now I think I actually have to read Habermas, not just summaries of him.
the ultimate nigga bitch. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I'm so sunburned. ):
there is a spam account under the name WWE Network trying to get people's personal info in exchange 4 WWE tix.
i'm worried we might lose :( x
Portland bound! With my faggots <3
I hadn't seen you in person since your P&K days. I woulda stopped by to say hey.
“: When someone comes into your life. God send them for a reason, either to learn from them or to be with them till the end”
I wish my dud had a freakin car
my one and only dream is to be followed by you<3
So far all these awards have been going to the wrong ppl lmfao. except when Kristen, Katy & Taylor won.
Yes. I do believe today to be a sunshine & wind in your face kind of day.
I'm totally down for it! Lmfao
Me too!
Toyota Scion Of Scranton chooses Videotel's Industrial DVD player for its wall advertising!
Goodnight Twitter! :)
Fame By Jeezy
S/O to u sexi
the difference is that Alabama didn't have tiebreakers or a better record than the other teams. It got in on ranking.
20 minutes of school left.
If Twitter conversations are making the news, print journalism is dead...in Stockton, at least.
Austin: hacked by mama mahone hahahahahahahahahahaha HA!
Can honestly say I know what the biggest mistake ive made in my life is already.
The First Dunk Contest Ever When Nobody Made a Dunk!
Most of today will be spent editing what I've recorded the last couple of days on this big audiobook project. I do love my job!
Bout to play some dbz, and take a little stress off
Just because I liked you back then doesnt mean I like you now
Headed to the Men's Basketball game today? Don't miss half time, you are in for a treat! Oh and Go Pack Go!
Happy Friday everyone! Got any art news/events to share before the weekend? @ us or email info @ makrs.com(no spaces) & we'll share it!
Great workout tonight..the effort was good. Cant wait to get back in the gym tomorrow!
No drummer in sight for the #coldcave show at the guggenheim for #divinericochet tonight. I dont have high hopes for this one...
and likewise the Womb Sauna loves and promotes your work as well. Much love to you!!!
Black males against gay marriage: check out my last 5 RTs. Goof balls.
One more fan gets me to 400! come folks, this is the last breath of my latest facebookathon. Who's it gonna be??
Bet gotcha!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
New CD, "A Tiny Little Spark" now available on iTunes!!! :D
Pittsburgh #knicks? Sounds good.... BEST thing since the CONDORS...
Mia Joy Candles says "We Love You"! Hope you enjoyed every scented moment with the candle we sent you.
I'd like to thank for being bad ass & awesome. My sites are rockin' thanks to killer designs & flexible framework.
If we are unable to go PLEASE let us know the next event you are goin to we are dying to meet you and yours so we can hang out
(c) view your previous twitlongers. Mine is on quizzaz.
RT : q4) use diagrams to develop your own learning designs!
Thank you! That was wonderful! Esp the scene w connected dresses, wish I could see all of that.
Shooting "Overtime" tomorrow !
as you should!!! But #VCU was in one of those games last year.
loll here 6th grade or form is middle school lol
Norwegian Cruise Line launches 2013/ 2014 preview brochure
The sky over St. Pete looks like the sky before the arrival of Zuul in
lolol that was top notch... my faves were the "I am from chicago!" And "your tone seems very pointed right now" lolol dogs
oh shit this is not good!!
lol my name all on your TL?
follow me justin
Dreaming with a broken heart just came on Pandora.... love this song!
next up is Google Phone 7
Dallas!! New show added for next THURSDAY May 10th w/ Sparks the Rescue and more!
Can't sleep DX talk to me
awh I guess so :) its nice to know I'm a big deal to someone
follow me? :) xx
why don't my documents just sync with S3? why am I trapped in Google's Cloud?
It's never tht serious
I as in iodine??? Lololol
: i find arguments offered in favor of proprietary website software to be mainly marketing, not actual benefits.
still putting together my kickball team! if your interested please talk to me I need 5 girls and 5 boys total!
look at the Bricks finally playing some ball
My fake ass bf still haven't hit me up!! Smh
I'll get you attatched and then i'll drop you . See how it feels, bitch .
Back then hoes didn't want me...
I have no more <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
News! - the definitive 4th edition of "Drawing on the Right Side of the Brain" soon to be released.
yeah thats true in a way what u mean by dat tho?
I am nit even mad that my Masterpiece Theater has been preempted for this! I am loving this performance/PBS so very much right now.
I love school improvement days..
Also i learned tht Vietnam and Korea or two diff countries lol... seriously
hope you have a great weekend up north!
For all the hype... SAME OLD JETS.
Pool bound on this gorgeous day! And rocking out to LA Woman en route :)
I love you.
(heavy sigh) I hear ya. Been fixing a dull scene. Killing me. Took a break and saw your knuckle crack. Thanks.
Do you know how much it hurts to be betrayed by a loved one?
Excited for our 3rd day of presentation at Paul Revere MS for SFJAZZ's Jazz in the Middle program!
As someone who's been dirt poor, yeah, being a bit of a plumber helps.
Follow us on Facebook! www.facebook.com/envillepublishing
All night grinding
welcome to the D Von come get some !!
I knew I could lure you back to the dark side!
: Haha. So true!
getting together with via #skype to talk about harrisburg trip!
you want the rest of MLS to think that we are just constantly trying to get own goals?
Live 20 min away from work, ran down in 10
Initial thoughts on knowing it's not even in beta yet: Very cool concept, needs ability to filter results, need a personal profile
Georgia is kind of close:)
Who is this D bag caller on 790 am? Smh
Liam&Danielle are the most cutest thing ever!-Kelly
Awww love u more miss your sweet face!! Xoxo
#fail #truth MT : "in hilarious news -- I just accidentally tweeted what supposed to be a text to my mother?" --
Love when girls think it's okay to puke in ur bed
typo. Hard to type w the IV in. Just heard*
lol! Of course n sorry it won't let me write on my other account....lol
Exploring the deeper meaning behind "keep your own counsel." There has to be more to it than just STFU.
Globe's August: Osage County cast wins Outstanding Ensemble at Craig Noel Awards! Robert Foxworth, Kelly McAndrew & Carla Harding accept.
aww damn, I'm sorry. You coming though ?
Soon enough we will have the monsoons
Everyone in this city is so fake. Ugh.
thank you so much, you are so sweet to remember!
How's it going, amiga?
*texting fuckin auto correct
World Cup Soccer this Saturday: (9:15am - Argentina/Nigeria) (11:30am - USA/England) (2pm - S. Korea/Greece)
4, all good ones! Princess Smartypants, Princess Pigsty, Paper Bag Princess & (love!) My Princess Boy.
Help Trend Austin's First Single Is Amazing For Austin<3
Pickup Line: You with those curves, and me with no brakes ...
Happy NY gridlock alert day. What a smart thing to have the tree lighting, Justin Bieber and Obama in town all in one day.
don't ask questions woman -___- lol
nails [v] make-up [v] hair [v] ..ya im all decked out for the show tonight #donthatemecuzimbeautiful :) <U+2665>
we added you on LinkedIN and would love to pick your brain very soon.
Music is my doctor
GET READY!! GET READY!! GET READY!! OCCUPY JERICHO' Tonight 7:00 pm
: cool tool for accessing/creating geolocated audio tours. Students can record thoughts by location.
I don't remember #verizon ever being down this long with no explanation. Shamful
You dont take nothing but u break in ?? #thirsty Picture upload failed
83 more days until #dnation takes over the ! How's everyone's goal setting coming along?
If you keep chasing yesterday, you're gonna miss tomorrow.
I can finally move on with my life....my stalkers can no longer stalk me!<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
RT : Am I the only 30 year old obsessively reading the AARP magazine when I see one? / Nope, but glad you like us!
Cowley, the reporter, is not a former player. Has the same name of a former player, but not the same guy.
The draft not being kind to LaMichael James! He'll have a score to settle this upcoming #NFL season.
Nate and I are calling it an early nite...z
R.I.P. Tony Curtis
Bottlebrush Buckeye Shrub
#Respect DJs Need more exposure in the DMV area! Hit us up if ur one of them - 410.513.9199
So, #RonPaul won Maine. Continuing to rack up the delegates, no matter what the AP says.
it took us forever to figure it out loll. I remembered hanging out w/ a cousin Lexy when I was young. But never put it together
can't wait for Monday! We be takin mad pics bro
I love rumors! I find out so much about me that I didn't even know!
9 Days, 17 hours & Battle 43 Begins: Join us! Instructors learn mobile marketing & earn Hall of Fame award; a great team builder!
"Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world."-Albert Einstein. Sweet dreams, yogis.
please don't tweet out sweet deals while your site is down.
you know you go to taft when you like hot sunflower seeds hahahaha
What do you think the mixshows are for??
yes very wrong
A pal tweeted that the the Super Bowl announcers are talking about gaping holes, double penetration, banged hard... sure that's not porn?
Checking out the casino lounges. Must be good. Full day of mtgs tomorrow.
our says the marchers are very close to the square now.
Preach all you want but who's gonna save me?
Happiness is a dream I wish was completely tangible.
Holy crap. Did the same to me. It really is the little things.
I hate my phone.
When your hands ate trembling girl I'm weak in the knees. It's times like these when patience means everything. So fall when your ready baby
It's #PictureBookMonth @ #NYLA11 favorite The Busy World of Richard Scarry
Wish I could be there! RT : Going GAGA! We're pleased to confirm will be tonight to celebrate
“: No words or actions could ever match the way that you make me feel by just being in my life.” how i feel 4 u
On The Dark Side... Eddie and the Cruisers
Ed Tatum: Welcome to Bonamour. Looking forward to getting you guys engaged in a big way.
Thanks for following!
RT: #AGuyShould stick to one girl. You don't get a team of 6 of them.
i wish i was you lololololol
Oh now I want one, thanks!!
My legs are shot from my amazing run yesterday. Doing some yoga this morning! What's ur workout today?
I followed ! Can I have it now?(: pretty please with a cherry on top?.(:
yeah! Just for a few days tho!
I.S.D. Locksmith Serving Pacific Beach, CA and the San Diego area, we are the source for fast lockouts, re-key, repair and installation, ful
Thank you! great photo! :)
right!? If you were thinking about me that much you coulda hit a shorty up tho.. Enough of that <U+270C>
in here lookn like he finna race his bike across France rockkn that #Vitaminwater shirt. All he need is helmet and he's gone lol
I'm a little weirded out about how you linked me to my former student worker's blog. Valerie's the best!
On my way to go get a wife.
They say if you love someone you gotta let it go
What happened to our sunshine? A rainy Monday is the perfect time to make some scrambled eggs and breakfast sausage links.
It's me! How are things?!
When your bedtime is whenever you feel like it >>
I'd like to think I'm better than whatever I get on this test. However, a perfect score would certainly be appreciated.
What happens if you've had too much too drink and you see three of everything?/I'll make it work, aim for the middle keyboard!
Even tho niggas hate on he is a real ass dude never lie or gave a female bs I got mad love for u my dude im a fool for letn u go
I miss you to sis how are you
I'm a dude your a dude we're a dude we're all dudes
is that true?
But...why bring it up now? Will you bring it up if no B1G (<---can't believe i wrote that crap) makes the final four?
I thought learning Ruby through Ruby-Processing (since I know Processing) would be a relatively painless way to get my feet wet. I was wrong
I heart bigtime & !
We, my friend, are in the dirty south. ATL.
Thank you for following! Have a great weekend!
Garber- no accident there are so many Israeli students at Harvard ...and have a huge impact at Harvard.
we could thank you in person then...
same as my twitter handle. Caution: I don't have a normal thought process, but my mom had me tested. It's all good.
Those are some of the catchiest jingles!
What do I do 4 living? Hmm, currently involved in preparing 4 diff events in 4 continents 4 the next 4 months!
NEVER underestimate the things that i can do
RT": If you kiss my neck, It's over, We fucking"<LoooL really well in that case MWAUHH!!! Lol just playing
A few hotel reservations are being canceled in Houston right now...
we appreciate the RT! thanks.
My friends said I'll be so successful in the future without sarcasm. I never thought they'd admit it. Score 1 for Nancy!
Any means of verification? How transparent is the disclosure?
I'll see you then bro!
Filming "Destiny Interrupted" today at 1:30... heading in now. Time to dominate this project
that's Crazy (so illegal)
For more info on the mixtape hit me up!!! Deadline is may 27th!!!
Their songs are kinda man-hating!
I love listening to baseball on the radio #oldschool im pretty geeked for the season
Use students for labor. They like playing/learning > work. #libmade (This effectively subjugated library student started a library lab)
Still on a Ben Wilson Ravin! Scoring is the sh!zzle! After this project and the E-tv jawns, many tine tannies will want to kine!
Can crosspost on your own blogs and at RiAH, that would be great.
we do have a TON to catch up on. miss you guys :)
Everyone smiles in the same language. Unknown
All they do is preach, but they keep getting back to an abusive relationship. Fucking stupid.
I honestly don't know because
There is so much to do in the Miami area. Check out our website for our blog for some upcoming events. Hope to see you soon!
i thought you wouldnt like that....neither would mr. kassessss
Lame Duck
Chances of me being on the flight that crashes...14,000,000 to 1.
If batteries never died the world would be a better place.
Cause this oreo shake I just made on point
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!!(: even tho idk know you that well im so use to saying this but I <U+E328><U+E328><U+E328> you!!!!(: have a great day <3
I love the Magic Bullet!
Ok Mayweather you got your air time.
Too much work right now, but it will change like the wind. Wow! Glad that your bf is busy too! Hope he's saving his $$ for YOU
Staying at 's #Castleton estate for the weekend. Excited to see in concert -
Thanks for RT, !
Hi I'm a big fan of u hope u can see this have a good rest o the day hope u can read this :)
Syria ~= Early Cuyler
One of the saddest movies ever...
The Clyfford Still Museum proudly houses 94% of Still's total collection, which includes 825 paintings, 1575 works on paper, 3...
Mixing future number 1 cd with Angel. Well, watching him mix while I sweat my balls off. No pain no gain! Andy.
Tks for the retweet, you're the best.
Congratulations! RT: I finally got my invite to .... About time! Lol
Cody Simpson is Australian's own. One Direction is BRITIANS OWN. & us . . . . nothing. I mean Justin's always here but he's just that (c)
Ew that X) smily face looks so cheesy
In 12 days it will be my half birthday. And I do like cake. Carrot cake.
Happy birthday to !(:
How obviousdo i have to be...? you should look at me and realize I LIKE YOU
Hour changes for Saturday 11-2:30pm. Sorry I had to make some last minute changes.
#thatswhatslutsdo RT "I'm sorry but that's what sluts do" lol
Hello!Wanted to let you know that your music has brought healing to my broken body and spirit.Keep on keepin' on!
Crying Myself To Sleep...! Bye And Goodnite
*gently sobs into empty coffee cup*
Laziness is not an option!
2day a #mother looked @ her child who was misbehaving & said "who r u representing?"
It is the flash which appears, the thunderbolt will follow. - Voltaire
what a waste.
“: “: amen!! Can we just go back to school? I'm over summer.” #agreed” couldn't agree more
The best Generation was born #Inthe90s [:
Do you like the Twitter app any better?
Note to self: Never eat while watching Tim & Eric. Blech.
Ladies' Night at the Savoy Kisses!
the afterparty is open to all! #timasummit #ISUM11 bring it
I can't stop laughing. HAHAHAHAHA
Sporting a respectably itchy neck beard today, if I go out in public I'll need to shave or buy toms and wayfarers
I dmed him for you. Legggooooooo :p I'll tweet him too for you.
I was a huge fan growing up Chris...then just got back into it around WM 27. Super pumped for this years event in Miami!
Congratulations to the new 2011-2012 Executive Boards at the and !
says the weather here In NYC is better than California. Breezy set nice bonus before
RT : Kim Jong Il's last words: "I never would have vetoed that Chris Paul trade"
But men are old and not hot, I'd prefer a super hot guy ": A boy will tell you that he loves you but a real man will show it."
If the Michigan primary is 5 days away, why is MSNBC at Ohio State today?
adadreline rush started tonight. Hope it lasts all weekend.
Havnt been on in awhile. Wassup!!??
#LambdaChiAlpha will colonize on campus at #AmericanU in three weeks!
Rite now in mid-nowhere, cant cause : trouble
I'm still going 2 have someone take pics w/my camera but the best ones will b taken with yours! Can't wait!! :-))
If you could have any car in the world, what would it be?
Thanks for including my blog in your feed - I returned the favor. And great work - keep it up!
Celebrating my 14th Wedding Anniversary today. Still amazed that anyone could put up with me for that long :)
Maybe READING IS SEEING? It's one of the early 90 texts. . .
Yuck! Hot dog flavored potato chips ...
ah. Okay. Well maybe not
Lmao! She really just sprayed doggy body spray on her! Lmao! I'm dyin over here
“: lol good(: youre too good for that!” I am? How's that?:)
tweet #CatPerson or
were shining like lighters in the dark in the middle of a rock show!
Love the dress Paula Patton!!
Gave you a vote. Good luck!
Nuggets game with the fam.
tell her cuz it is just how it looks all fucked up lol... that's how them females be
God is SO good, yall! A flood of His grace just washed over me! I've been so overwhelmed w/worry today.Felt Him saying hold on to Me. <3 :')
About to start reading "The Wind Through the Keyhole" by Stephen King. It's about his butt, right?
Get ready to listen to on KEXP by going to KEXP.org right now and loading the stream. 1.5 hours early is worth it.
Want to make your friends jealous? Ask me how to enter to win a Samsung Galaxy S II or $50 VISA gift card.
Seth Godin: how can usability profs make designers look good?! Getting their buy-in. Thx
I wanted him to go to New York!!!
It's coming to the US soon - stay tuned for updates.
I'm glad you enjoyed it. Such a pleasure meeting you!
need studio time, photos, videos, event coverage or all of the above, hit us up.
Wait... Make that busy crying.
Nice meeting you last night with Chris. Looking forward to working.
Thanks, Rose!
I returned overdue books! RT it's National Library Week! I'm checking out a few books on my reading list. What about u?
Best decision of your life! ;) If you need ANY kind of help with a electricity bill, we can totally make it work for you!
awe music video love.
Lets go #Pacers!!! Oh! and I do wanna point out my friends that i did say that the #Pacers would beat #Magic in 5!!
Family farms and small businesses are the backbone of our communities. Tom Allen
Hah, fair enough.
we appreciate the follow! Please let me know if you are in the market for a new mattress or some new furniture! ~ Mattrezzz Guy
The niggas in my circle now is the niggas who really kno wtf I go through on a daily bitches don't mean shyt to me they only after my money
anytime man!
.kxzmndkdsbjdncxaspfgpvoc. <--- that is unfortunately how i feel at the moment.
haha, but those are so good. I'm a trainer & I still can't resist sometimes ! Lol
gotta work from 5pm to 2am tonight, then report to my store tomorrow at 9am till 6pm.
No Prob! sometimes I call this method (me)search, rather than (re)search, after all isn't all research a bit of mesearch?
excited yet intimidated to pull Bruckner No. 5 off in one week this summer.
Dianna Agron Gets Twiggy With It for Nylon Magazine Even though we already know Dianna Agron is a beauty chameleon —the girl joined the
sowwyy Sam nxtt timer I promise :)
Dancing is a perpendicular expression of a horizontal desire. ~George Bernard Shaw
sorry my friend was the one who was talking 2 u
“What will survive of us is love,” ~Philip Larkin via Michael Jinkins
Thank you for the FF!
Hey ! Will you look for this weekend at the concert. Would love for you guys to connect (he's our new sm pastor)
May 12,1942 #Churchill often required to do 'inspections'. Today: US tanks on Horse Guards Parade and House of Commons Home Guard.
Super deluxe extreme cheesy pizza sounds like heaven right now. A vegetarian's delight. ^_^
the way you looked last night >>> any other girl
I should turn my ringer on to hear it. Sudden noise startles me so it's always off. Time to toughen up I guess ;)
Fall seven times and stand up eight.
Allergies is killing me rite now
Not too bad. How you liking this whole G+ thing? : )
someone be a doll & send me the link for the newtour diary?pwetty please
Bottoms up copped!
If u have to chase a chick she ain't ment to b caught, let her run------->
Thats what I'm coming to find out!
Wonder how Gregg Williams' appeal is coming along today.
thank you so much xD
En route to France...first stop Amsterdam.
If you hate people does that make you anti-social ..??
Teaching little kiddies about ballet and opera in theatres today at NYU
Duke and UNC is one of the greatest rivalries in sports. What's your favorite sports rivalry?
- This can't be good.
def needed a warning level haha
I should probably stop making faces at people I don't know very well.
Thanks for the follow, Skip!
Hiking Oak Hill Mine Rd. in beautiful Calistoga. Highly recommended! Next up
those both sound like so much fun!
Just saw a UPS guy and a FedEx guy talking
505 tweets generated 842,110 impressions, reaching an audience of 176,611 followers within the past 24 hours
Pilot? Alcohol-free CloSYS comes in a 3 day pack (rinse, paste, oral spray)...Fresh breath, healthy mouth, winning smile. www.closys.com
welcome back!!
Still stuffed from Thanksgiving? Yeah, we know the feeling. There are only so many different ways to fix turkey though!
Lawyer refers to dictionary in trial accusing man of insulting Islam - Al-Arabiya
Athletics with Becca today should be a funny lesson.
Great Houston Holiday weather continues on this beautiful Friday. Zuma Fun Center is open today from Noon to 6pm.
I interviewed her in my 1st professional broadcast job (on Milwaukee radio), then at my 1st NYC TV job. Warm, hip, fun she was.
Just watched Yes Man and it's really a great movie
It's back! #ChocolateCoveredCherryStout!
Come to full decision I'm going to wiz khalifa
Thanks!! I will I put votes I put my vote for in Today. And your last tweet! XD We rule!!
Writing this letter for Legacy is so hard.
Just read speech and debate with :)
OPI nail polish Buy 1, Get 2 FREE Regis Salon someone needs a haircut!!
ha mee too :D I'm still better thn yhu so dnt try to hard boo , I'm just plying . Skype ?
34mph is my strongest #wind in #May on record at my place! 2009 I had a gust of 31.1mph. I started my records in #October of 2008.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY FINALLY, SO HYPE :D :D :D
Ugh! In Debate bored as Hell someone come Save me! :D
Fixing that
It's obviously a wig.
sorry doll!
The people I blame for Los Angeles parking are the same people that are considered (in some religions) the Anti-Christ.
X marks the spot
Girls are lucky, yall get to stand in the mirror and look at yourselfs naked:( ;)
Everytime I feel Knocked Down I come back even harder!!!
Why am i so sore...
Happy Easter everyone.
dss on the daily 6 month really paid off. Thanks
what do you think of the helmet?
When your in front of friends its the hardest thing to go against the crowd and do whats better but you will be the 1 that makes it in life
I am amazed so many people at work don't know who Donna Summer is.
I am looking for an Agent, for a New Book, possibly TV. Any thoughts?
told me to tweet at you about this weekends game what time is it? and do you need me?
Thanks Patty.
dude I've never been happier. (:
Ahh. It all makes sense to me now.
reporting that Jameson's plan to purchase team will be annouced before Game 5 by Bettman and Jameson
so very true!
killing was good this week
lol... Thanks for the early Monday laugh!!! Lol
Did you know a meeting is coming up on April 19th, mark your calendars!
It's depend on what a young girl see's in men during early childhood. That sets the foundation of how she will view men.
Can't believe Uncle Jesse is trending, but he looked seriously hot on Glee!!!
Boesch on #bay: goal of cleaning bay by 2010 is stretching to 2025
El copped RT : i actually have money for em though..y tu? RT: : no one asked u ninja
just got a lot better by re-signing !!!
"Austerity" and "trickle-down" are all one gigantic theft from "ordinary" follk that makes Madoff's misdeeds look penny-ante.
Will they still have enough room for the coffee machine?
And Yes I'm Going To Spain.. But Ugh! I Hate Going Cuz I Have To Share A Room With Karla!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>RT : Laissez les bons temps rouler. Happy Fat Tuesday. Can't wait to celebrate!
The "Lemon" doesn't speak to me. she mad at me. :/
Thanks! On both counts.
GOD prepared us to go through the hard.
Newt Gingrich has a Christiesque physique.
Shopping during weekdays is the best. No long lines and no crowds.
R.I.P. Amy W great artist!
Hahahahahaha am I supposed to be scared? But yeah probably
to hell with the signals... bring the heater ricky...
Getting Lauren and Brooke ready for bxb camp! Then HS basketball at Sunset tonight! :)
hey girl! You famous yet? :) What's new for you in the music biz?
First speeding ticket.
Be sure and vote for for senator at large along with the rest of the Bilas/Kington ticket
NRBQ & Brinsley Schwarz all day. Wish I could have them both play my 30th birthday party.
I'm pretty sure I just broke my toe lol.
I need to learn to not plan and just wing it
I didnt know fish like water, I just thought they lived in it.
I can only imagine! RT PS- Vintage Dior pairs nicely with DIY.
this bus feels like a rollercoaster me and mely the only ones on it and we are dancing
Going handle that then come home & chill
Excel import fixed in next update but theres easy workaround for now: open CSV file in Notepad & remove any blank lines at end.
Tennis Channel is back on my TV on Long Island. Hours and hours of extra coverage of the Aussie Open. Bliss!
nice post, Wanda. :)
yes, agree: school librarians do all that a tech position requires & more. Et tu, SLJ? Why change language?
June 12th, 7.30PM See you at the Beat in Minneapolis!
I thought you looked fine! :) Sounded great too!
I forgot about that bag! That man drove four hours to bring them to us lol
Wow! Over 150 followers! Thanks to each and everyone of you. :-)
I forget sometimes. Most times.
That was a risky and dangerous lay in. Two hands son.
Thanks for the RT!
Holy crap, Noah is screaming like a 5yr old while clutching his ankle. Philly fans go nuts.
I forgot to shave this morning :(
yes you are!! Like al the time!! Haha
678 years of combined work experience just retired prematurely from the Tennessean newspaper.
Dwight has asked for a trade. Wow, does this mean CP3 deal has been completed?
Making a pepto pizza with Hope its good!
I hope this panel ends soon so we can get Capt jack's autograph
Try a mortar and welcome the skylight opportunity..
Being a Justin Bieber Fan is different from being a 'Belieber'. Fans come & go but Beliebers stick together no matter what the haters say.
Downtown Richmond is ALIVE today! And how about this weather?
Bipolar people can be very sensitive and struggle with where they "fit" with others
Happy Birthday (:
No I didn't. But it's great to hear all the good news around campus!
thanks for kind message. So good to meet nice, like-minded fans
Thanks for your kind donation, Quentin! Coming all the way from the UK! Your name is unforgettable.
Gotcha let me know!
and to think in february i peaked at 9
Trying to explain my pigeon phobia.
Awww I feel bad for :( love you b96 and I'll always b my numba one! HAhahaha
Happy Thanksgiving everyone(:
what diet you doing?
Actually, Fuzzy Haskins of Parliament-Funkadelic spoke at 's 2009 Induction Ceremony. Don't miss 2011's Induction!
#lmc break a leg Leslie!
“: Instant coffee is coffee that doesn't make the grade.” But SBucks Via raises the bar, tho pricy. For shabbos, it's a godsend.
very impressive and about time. You will gain hundreds of new followers with the new style.
a good 45-hour in the morning. luckily i've been working super late so i don't hit much traffic (30 mins) at night.
that looks kinda nerdy. you goin? I have 2 other commitments awready. are ya going to offerman next week?
It's a moving sign of cultural progress from 1940 to 2010 that shows like Seinfeld and Girls get labeled "lily-white" and "homogenous."
Fucking 12, 13 & 14 year olds need to stop saying they have swag. Like stfu, just cause bieber says it doesnt mean you got it. #annoying -_-
Meeting MGK & seeing 1D in the same day. My ovaries!
Love it! Thanks for the follow!
I like your blog, I want to check out Touchstone by Melanie Rawn. Do you think I should read Dragon Prince first?
Hilarious! Shows how desperate they are.
#QualityTime > #QuantityTime All of the time. #Truth on every level conceivable
The Brewers are dropping like flies!!! Hope you boys have speedy recoveries!! We need you!!! <3
that's awesome! My son walked before he was one also.
All of our Viking small appliances (Stand Mixers, Toasters, Hand Mixers) and their attachments are 30% off!
no. With alex
by my daddy house watching the game with the fam wsup honey
Well, .500, we could have been so much more. :(
damn bro, what place did u get
We are looking to grow our "USA House Concert Services." USA Musicians Networking for a Change... Open to ideas! Team players welcome...
I had to learn what I got, who I'm not, and who I am
Little miss obvious, I know that we've seen better days. So go fuck all my friends, just to see if I still care at all..
Happy birthday!
thank you bg. I would laugh just as hard at a crying child man united fan, as I did a little steelers fan
I don't think anyones parents would let their child drive to brazil Indiana lol
haha. yes we do try to take our own medicine! keep me posted on catching up. would be good to see you!
Hurry and take this senior pic so I can get out these uncomfortable dress clothes...
Annagrace says hey(:
good morning my love miss you xoxo
nice orchid in the profile pic! We like orchids!
In the mood for Italian beef n sausage, so I had to go to martino's on Layton .. We are the only people in this place right now
really like Zotero, but how to get output in APA style sorted by date?
Fellow TA's: Good luck, stay safe, see you at the capitol later.
So grateful to those that fought for Unions. better work environments, fair pay and LABOR DAY!
I'm thankful for you! X
So, 4 new flavors for February plus new discounts and another chance to win an iPad. Have you touched down at Moonlight Swirl yet?
I continue to smile each day because life is simply way too short to cry of anything that's worthless.
i think there was a bomb scare by like union square idk just made it off the 6 alive tho
I I love song like a love song baby
RT : Looking for potential panel-sharers for #4C13 focused on social media, collaboration, & rhet/lit/comp.
Jason is getting started with
Thx. Now all I need is a Motorcycle license and $10k! How's your exp been w/ it?
Did Cris Collinsworth really just compare Joe Montana to Tom Brady? I. Can't. Even.
#alexandroberthavethebestswag so true <U+2665> and they are AMAZING (:
#coupon ARCADE Boutique Happy Valentine's Day! Save 15% off all Handbags now - 2/14! Promo Code VDAY.
My cat is obsessed with exploring the bedroom closet. There is obviously only one explanation: He has discovered a door to Narnia.
Can't wait to see you guys. i'm headed to SD in early March. Hope you're still there. moving around a bit, Memphis, park city
wish you were coming back!!!
Monday when I see him ;) he should be asking you out after school
please send your contact information to: . Thanks
how did those healthy chocolate chip bars turn out?
don't worry it will
WOW! well, i have quite a few options to look into now! thanks :)
Thank you!
aiin't that abouta bitch? She needa get a hearing aid..
It helps if you bend your knees while lifting, too. RT : Lesson learned. Lift with legs, not with back.
keep it going!!
Enjoying this fabulous Scottish weather in Austin today - dreich!
seems like loves sleeping!! :)
WTEN: Eagles and getting underway in about 10 minutes in a Tourn. semifinal in Kohler.
Thanks to that billboard for letting me know #PaulisDead is playing Yankee Stadium again tonight. I'll avoid the Deegan.
ROA Monday. Taking a break from magic city.
RT : Some tips on empowering teens (hint: high aspirations, opinions, voice, integrity and honesty).
Hm. Makes me wonder whether there was something wrong in my setup. Most of the time it was fine, and then I'd open a doc +
Sorry i was too busy working #wishMyPrezWouldFollow rt : In case you missed it, President Obama slow james the news on Fallon
Huge turnout at Dead Poet Books #CashMob today. What did you get? Was it your first time visiting?
wtf is up with the helicopter brigade over #weho now?!
So awesome:)))
HAARY IS DISGUSTING
I love the papers online! Thanks for the link.
Working this much to get paid so little fucking ridiculous well time to start looking for another job
Congrats Linda Jamsen you've won a $50 Dibbs card! Please message us with your email address and we'll forward over information!
oh yeah..spokane...i totally forgot haha
Do you have what it takes. Ladies sign up for THE EROTIC CHALLENGE and lets find .com
I like music.
Thanks! Ryan was great. Getting to see them both in one night made for a really memorable show.
Crisis averted! I remembered which box. Can you really open bottles with your teeth??
"Swish, what a shame could have got picked had a really good game but you missed your last shot." #payphone #WizKhalifa #greatrap :)
A2: The lakefront for sure, anytime I can. Or visiting other neighborhoods to discover.
hope your conference allows really cool #ModelUN #iphone apps, such as !
oh yeah haha
I really need to change my username. Hahaha
Got $12.75 for all of the books I just sold back to the bookstore...hahaha.
Oh noes! :( Pretend the clocks are...the sun and you will go blind if you look at it. Hahah :D
daddies are proud i learned to shake today. my motto - will shake for treats!
I'll take the 13 episode order. From what I'm reading, LAST RESORT sounds like CRIMSON TIDE. That's a good thing.
"How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and she-roes!~~Maya Angelou
I like this Civil Twilight song "Letters From the Sky:" but it seems the song is a cross between radiohead, The Servants, and UNKLE
“The automobile engine will come, and then I will consider my life's work complete.” ~Rudolf Diesel
Hello to our new followers , , , and thanks for the RT !
and it hurts to know, that you never have fought for me..
i used to sell drugs until i realized there is no money in crack! this aint the fucking 80s.
you got your cheesehead on?
Love is when some one comes to save you when your drownding but they don't know how to swim but they save you anyway
#digitalindia Take something that exists and remake it.
Don't let other people opinions determine your path in life.
Awesome! A Tennessee hashtag is trending. Not my school, but awesome nonetheless.
Love it when fake tan starts going patchy and now I look like I have some sort of skin disease
In the lab
Is it right to be offended by the fact that a lady who works at Total Wine doesn't know the difference between an amber ale and an IPA?
The funny part about bill collectors is that they say it's not a sales call but they'll gladly take your money for nothing.
What is with these "clever" comedies? Where is the dumb husband, adorable kids, smart-mouthed maid and wacky neighbor?
The voters who just might decide the T-SPLOST&#39;s fate | Kyle Wingfield
Moving. Finally.
I need a tweeting buddy!
Get there before midnight
(The score doesn't matter.)
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you can play fight with me
Confucius Say Husband who sleep on couch last night, have hard time today
lol. Jeff just yelled at me. I gotta go. Text me tomorrow i'mm off.
So freakin proud of you girl! You have gorgeous voice and im glad to say i got to hear it before all of America! :)
unicorns!!! :-) hello
ima spam the button boy :O
I am praying about adding another 1/2 hour to summer of love! People are jumping in and I am overwhelmed! closing the night!
looking for investigative stories....send me your ideas!
ahh okay I get it now haha
just in case you didn't know :)
Late night last night hammering out the last of the bylaws, but now they're all done. Another step closer to opening day!
Man I bored need something to do.
the 4 common major devils lust,envy,hate & jealousy have been playing a major role in society & would 4ever keep on destroying men & women.
Thanks, Clark. He died in 2001 but it hits me harder on some days.
"YOU are loved!"
Just saw stiles my heart skipping ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
It's official: Finally going to Miami July 12-15th! Cannot wait!
I've heard some wonderful thoughts on this by about "human technology".
You will be the 1st I call!
ok, that really answers the question. This is a solvable problem. Thank you!
“: Another offer on the go. I guess no rest for me on this sunday night... Wish me luck..” good luck!!
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you rather talk,cuddle and watch movies than party
Have you seen "Canturby's Law" with Julianna Margulies? What did you think of it? I like gritty crime TV dramas.
It would be primarily backbone.js work. Is that something you're familiar with?
such a beautiful song..
Hahahaha #NAKEDatDENNYS is trending more than The Avengers right now.
6 vials of blood? Is that really necessary?
Make my own dusters, cleaning rags from old clothes too holey to be used another way.
Screw this rain!
yes Scott, good seeing you too....<<hangs head in shame>> I'm looking foward to future #SMCSac meetings
I wish I was there :( But hear not so great things about shows at the BC
Bout to miss out on a fun party
Paula Deene cookware on sale on Overstock. I wonder if it comes pre-buttered.
now i just need to figure out how to justify the bus expenses to the funders, specifically my boss.
I want blood, guts & chocolate cake. I wanna be a real fake.
Happy New Year from the Team at Judy's Book.
Interesting...what?
That's my favorite final line! From an amazing final page. I'm overdue for a re-read of Gatsby.
it had me tweet that because I unlocked stuff
I ate your last pint. You gonna be home this wknd for Easter? RT Tues Flavors: Macadamia Nut & Key Lime Pie
Why, thank you((: And it was quite delicious, too! xD
Amazing weekend with some besties -- missing & reg already!
For everyone who is donating money to Japan be sure it is a reputable organization!
I live in Ffx. Co. as well.
I just locked in my First AD for my project!
A pleasure! DM me the info on the work and maybe I can give you a hand.
trying to get back to Tdot tovisit soon though, have some unfinished business with a couple projects....and it's great there!
Bruce Beckloff from ARM speaking - investing in start-ups as VCs have gone away and they see opps and have a need for innovation
Come out of the circle of time And into the circle of love. Rumi
RT : The dates for Renaissance Fair have been set! September 22nd & 23rd, 2012!
. Hey, thanks -- door's always open!
Thinking of throwing an event during Internet Week in June - thoughts?
On top of the indexing, Europeana aims have engagement layers along with discovery function.
you do realize Kobe didn't score every single point when his TEAM won those titles don't you?
3 AM means tomorrow will hurt, but a cozy night of starting - and finishing - new book was luxurious. Cue contented sleep.
MT : Gov. Dayton says Speaker Zellers told NFL Commis. Goodell two weeks ago he had 34-35 stadium "yes" votes from his GOP caucus.
okay I will :D
impending-doom-o-meter just pegged itself on max. dayumit.
I've been told that a cheater is always a cheater, I've got my pride and she's got you!
too bad you didn't have 'e' 'r'
Keep it up and i will let a stranger take you home
Who just took a three hour nap? This girl.
Come, O Hope, focus our blurred and distracted sight that we might see clearly the One who is coming. ~Pamela C. Hawkins
I agree with Jimmy.. ..save some surprise!! :) Girl, you are amazing!!
I really think Teague and lamb should return
Excited to see students working on their last papers and/or taking their last finals. Good luck to all!
I went black once but I sure as hell won't be going back. People get really upset when you go full on black face.
ahem us RT: The awkward moment when you're that one friend who always gives relationship advice but is still single
Glee just referenced the hunger games.
Ugh. So tired.. I still need to do homework .-. Im at a wedding rn. c:
I CAN'T HELP IT OKAY
National Weed Day (is tomorrow)
That moment when you realize how amazing your true friends actually are.. Making things a little easier <3
“: two massive games in our lives going on simultaneously #Cardinals #Cowboys” all Ferch needs left is a THS game
New DP... A picture of myself finally lol
southern boys<3
girl ok I'll b over
I can't believe a Muncie woman was found dead in a tanning bed!
We've got an issue with our stats. Can I send you a DM?
<U+266B> NEW MUSIC: Mindless Behavior – “Valentine’s Girl” -
Yeah, trust. Its what friends do -Dory.<3
lol I dance like a white chic. Working on it
I vote for yoga on Tuesday! cc
did you read the article? It's fascinating. Her logic is based on a BS foundation, but it's not bigotry.
Shredded the rubber rim in my Magic Bullet while grinding coffee.
What's the point of Twitter if it isn't to engage people?
MT : President #Obama Is, or will probably go down as the Best President Of The Early or First Half of the 21st Century. / THIS!?
yeah it would be great to catch up. I'll email you about my NYC travel plans
In no way do I regret not sleeping last night to see #Avengers. I do however regret the pound of popcorn and gallon of diet coke I consumed.
If I ever make it to Switzerland I will!
cheer up!
aww, I'm sorry :( I know how that feels my grandmother has brain cancer.
How does Benjamins ideas about film apply to modern technology?
Having a great time at the #confab12 meetup at Barrio. Great extension of the workshops.
At ASSM conference in Philadelphia. Lots of CCSS discussion. As always, great information.
Drinks before I go home & crash.
Watched the Scott Walker doc last night, wow! It makes total sense that he influenced artists like David Bowie & Radiohead.
We try to monitor our emails to make sure our members don't feel that way. Email if you have any concerns.
Im in love with ;)
New blog post : Bigger Back Workout
Stop, now make that motherfucker hammertime;
i feel stupid lol...i actually thought i stood a chance
"Prayer is a faith-based act of love that makes miracles possible." ~ Solomon Mark 11:22-24
#first40songsonshuffle 23. my chemical romance - save yourself, i'll hold them back
Howard alum are like a fine wine - growing better with age. I love
Better off with Barça over Sevilla. Més que un club!
Talked w/ my kids @ dinner last night bout what they've learned bout the renaissance.They taught me new things & I loved it
If you are a member of a yacht club that is part of the FL Council of Yacht Clubs, you can dock at the Tarpon Springs Yacht Club!
If I wanted to go #BinLaden #Hunting in #Pakistan.. Would #Delta let me bring my #AK47, #SniperRiffle, & #Gernades on the plane..?
Fuck them. I'll pinch all of them.
No prob, I'm due for an upgrade myself. I'm still rockin the "Blackbook"
sorry I meant smells**
dudette here :-) happy for you I'm trying to keep up with all the things I should be doing and I'm not! Have to get organized
Disingenuous, because POTUS doesn't think same sex couples should marry.
Happy #SocialMediaDay! Thanks to our great customers for following and supporting us!
aw Kimay that sucks... Sorry to hear that
Enjoy the game! RT : On the bright side, I won 2 tickets to tomorrow's game along with an autographed mini ball. Thanks ! :D
course being owned makes life easier eliminating the hardest work-Thinking And Deciding
"I'm emotionally damage" lol I love this new movie Friends with Benefits!
And Harper is totally adorable!
Thank God ima be with all day tommrow I love him idk what I'd do without him ):
So elated
He red, and I KNOW how u feel about "them" lol .
Most of the complaints about the show in my timeline come from theater professionals.
Going to sleep now. Goodnight
Yes! You and Justin are like on speed dial for twitter! ( Even though that's not possible! )
Why so angry Bobby? Hope it's because you lost the girl in #Entourage. Peace.
Short bike ride, now playing with the dog, smoking some wings, and drinking some bourbon. More work later.
I know lol I was referring to the party ww are having at work tomorrow
I will not give up on you guys..
Plez need 50 followers tell midnight
Bad girls ain't no good, but good girls ain't no fun
I've got to check more often! Gotye and Kasabian are both sold out, and I didn't even know they were coming!
Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear
love you too!!! :D
That's me on the daily
brrianna look like a pretty barbie doll...
Yes I am a big fan of the David Lean version. I too have been a solidarity reader!! You go girl!
Can we make tomorrow #MildlyFearsomeFriday? I'm starting a revolution.
A big Thank You for forwarding my blog post! Look forward to seeing your style and wardrobe updates!
We adopted another sweet cat from the shelter this week who had been scheduled to be euthanized. Go to your animal shelter & save a life!
Who created "reply all"? I'd like to have a little chat with them.
Follow this dude is hilarious an cool :D
It took me forever to figure out how you linked to your Flickr account, then I realized that you did it on Facebook. Duh.
may you tell them I said happy birthday.....fro. ernie rivera
Loved my birthday cake. Angel food cake with strawberry sauce and whipped cream.
I like being busy and doing things. "Chilling" does not really work for me.
I use to prefer the girls that adored it when made a romantic mix tape together
most def u got my number hit me up
How did Anthony D. Weiner meet with his wife, Huma Abedin ???
what time are you coming tomorrow?
Thanks for the tweet Michael! We appreciate your support for our app Scrubly
word. Don't worry about speed.
me too
#What2ChainzWouldSay. Just stopped at Mickey D's.. Keep bad b**ches by the three's.. All of'em in my back seat and they ride me like A TAXI!
DC Comics – Invisible Jet
You are still just following 15 people. Today would be a great day to make me the 16th person you follow!
Cheez-its were good once, but then they messed with the recipe. Like Original Doritos and Hershey chocolate did. :-(
RT : Yep. It becomes about value and price in that situation.
AGREED! RT Fog Willow Farms was so awesome! I definitely wont be driving to Davis now that Ive found the town of Wilton!
so sad. can't agree more
yet so expensive :(
My workout kiccked my ass! I fell like i was beaten with a 2x4 in my sleep!
that's my show! Haha!!!
Did you do it with a bikini ?
Woot! #marchforbabies305 RT : so anxious for next saturday !!!! Yayyyyy!!! WF team here we come !!!!
RT Kids are so irrational and illogical. I just want to punch them. Have an adult brain, loser.
Caleb King is a bad person. So long NFL career
Perfect example why it's 2 1/2 men on south beach 2 guys about to hit 30 and somebody has 13 PTs by the way no other heat in double figures
Cat's outta the bag. Sank you, sank you!
david that's awesome! what did you use to rotate the object?
metal clips to the scalp + heat = a bad time
@ Got any #green moving tips?
Victoria Justice turns beautiful actress in She was a young girl in
loved your on you sexy beast!
Doors open in an hour with all your favorite cocktails, rolls & friendly faces. Cheers to the weekend!
“: All that ass in yo jeans.” that's what's uo
I'll check them out! Thanks!
Is you pen, in the telegraph, thousands of miles of copper wire, or indeed, the real pen?
how do you like the new os?
same wheel?
At North Shore Tennis in Miami. 1100+ calories in a 90 minute drill....great workout!
really hoping schools are closed tomorrow... by looking at the weather looks like another big storm! more snow!!!
#Christmas coming, its almost here I can't wait man,
Foh go be with the nigga's you associate wit bitch
Anymore? You could stand them in the first place?
#RT If You Finna Get Off Twitter & Want A Goodnight Mention.!
pretty sure that means you are half human, half sloth.
please follow me biggest fan ever
Good bye ms given!!!!
RT : What do , , and an have in common? We're all cooking up something yummy at...
First movie over #IronMan "Give me a Scotch, I'm starving."
The whole time you were talking about pound town I was thinking about pound cake. Lemon....pound cake.
Nice! So glad you had a great time!!
Laughing so hard(: listening to my mom make fun of Brads name?
Seeing my friends from metro today made me realize how much I miss them...
Wow...Tebow to the Jets. Do they have turf there? If so it'll be more comfortable for him to kneel.
Our little grand-dog Biscuit is in the hospital with pneumonia, poor thing. But we got a good report this morning!
Jesus, we are the same person.
No, Mitt Romney hasn't the guts to stand up to himself not along for what's right. He's lost himself in the mess.
Tune in to "The World" with coming up on at 3p.
you are gay and beautiful hahahaahahhaa
sushi and candy! That's why I'm so fit
Bottomless Bloody Mary's to ease the recuperation .Plus the beast French Toast ever!!! On the patio. In 10 minutes!!!! Till 2:30!!!
What other general questions do you have for us? What should we add to our FAQ?
Just landed in DC. Really looking forward to this weekend!
check your dm's mister xD
couldve had me if u didn't stand me up the other night
New website coming soon
Do you do digital comics or print?
Hollywood frenzy on Newport!!!
N***as Just Be Talking.
oh my gosh! how could adam pick tony over chris?
": What an amazing service at Penn Ave! I preached "Ain't No Jesus...Like the One I Got".... Is the church still standing?
and I watching 94 year old Mr. Girardet dance with all the ladies.
Ha! True. That green was one of the first things I checked if I could change.
will do!! Thanks!
Traffic on 86th street makes me want to die
Mid-day is when I'm least productive. I just want to sit here and listen to Dr. Dre. LOL
root canal > LA
I highly recommend it!
Whereas my immediate response is "To do what?"
U really mad
you damn if you do; you damn if you don't! Cant get it right no matter what.
My version of #projectx is a three day marathon of kareoke with an open bar
1/2 price taco salad today from 5-10, great drink specials all week and Bingo tonight at 9:30!
If you are looking for lunch plans, hit up the food court & head to the Artsgarden for Brenda Williams' performance at 12:15!
GOD is GOOD..video dropin&just got booked for YOSHI's Oakland may 28th..Rob Bess,Vernon Hall and SPECIAL guess...y dont want 2 miss THIS!!!
back from santa fe, enjoyed teaching the digital workflow class---
RT “: #ToBeHonest I don't hate you, it's just you turned into something else. I rather not be around you anymore...”
hahaha! you know me to well!
to all your poeple to share?!:) Please help me with promiton in the state my homie..:) here is a link
--> Hey Happy Birthday...
"Run for the roses as fast as you can... It's the chance of a lifetime, in a lifetime of chance." - Dan Fogelberg
No More Eating Til Tomorrow Afternoon 4 Me
I didn't see my moms all day : /
Memorable museum moment: Visiting the Liberace Museum some 17 years ago - never suspecting that I would end up working here
You are scaring me! You hear of those crazies - u just hope they live elsewhere
I just love this time of the morning, it's so peaceful.
Yes you should check it out! I actually have 3 CDs out on iTunes. They are on my website too. Let me know what u think :)
Beverly Church presenting on constructing reports
we could make a mutual pact that if we are on the same plane and the other dies we will buck up and land that sucker.
Dear twitterverse..please send good thoughts to my friends dad who is having back surgery today. :-)
making my fav food fried potatoes!!! :D Im already cooking my first batch lol got 4 more to go :)))
When people insult you then say "just kidding" or laugh to make it seem like they weren't trying to insult you ......
On to the 10th
bienvenida a Los Angeles!
The internet should not allow WebMD and Google Images to be used simultaneously.
if you really loved me youd find a way =(
Good morning del I hope you have great day
special shout out nothing like the wonderful world of music
"Nothing is easy to the unwilling." Thomas Fuller
99% of the guys in the world are hot. The other 1% go to my school.
thanks for the RT. :) Happy Friday.
When you don't know how you feel /: its i idk feeling, i feel lost & no one gets me.. the love isn't the same but ilove her to death!<3 /:
.......stop worring about wht u dont hav, and focus on how to get it!!!!!!!!!!
hahah wow. And I'm on this account because I was replying to ahahah
Appreciate the RT!
<U+E42B> SuperBowl Sunday <U+E42B> RT For Giants. Tweet For Patriots -.-
I traded my LASIK for advertising in 2003. Note, I'm wearing glasses again at night.
a source that looks at immersion vs. learning a foreign language through translation. Do you know of any such source?
somehow, that doesn't sound as cool as ON A BOAT.
I'm pretty sure Great Britain has a JC to join
Dumb and dumber hahahah
I have never had one of those. But I will try one. Sounds delicious!
When you're at work, and the kitchen is 90 degrees, and everywhere else is 80.. and you're the cook for the night... <
My life is pretty much over cause you unfollowed me
Dexter tonight!!! Can you feel the excitement!
Very nice. Welcome!
rare applause! at #sccr French Union of blind persons rep asked 35 schoolkids in Tunis their one wish. In unision: Braille books!
RIP Donna Summer...
all i gotta say is she ah hoe..! Smdh
If we win the next 2 I'll bet you $10 on the series
Have to get off computer and study ...... haha not gonna happen
a lot of self realizations lately..
At the immigration forum for AK Common Ground. "Anti-immigration sentiment is the last bastion of acceptable racism."
where r u from haiti ?
Time for me to get some sleep! Tomorrow is skittles day at school I'm gonna wear purple with my friends! G'Night <3:)!
RT Courage is what it takes to stand up & speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down & listen. — Anon (via )
well youre welcome(:
": yo is in Sarasota, FL! Smh two more days n we cood have saw him"we're going back! Lol
RT : That was pretty scary. But good, as long as Samardzija's ok.
There's the silver lining!
RT "If what you did yesterday seems big, you haven't done anything today." -Lou Holtz
I be ducked off
. Thanks for following, following right back for musical tweets!
Ok, I'm fully ready to donate my sinuses to science. Anyone know of a good clinical study for severe allergies? Maybe I should caulk em shut
Me too!
Touchdown Arizona....cuts the CU lead to 34-23
<-------- This is one guy who is ready for summer!
Aw shit!! I ALMOST tweeted that SAME thing! How wierd would that've been?!?! Hahaaha
Preparing to teach my first class at #DePaul University. Looking forward to a fresh take on public speaking with my new students!
I love chalk
Hey there, Tara ! It's nice to see you here (Twitter friends - if you haven't seen Tara's blog, check it out!). Blessings.
may have to have regular segment of "Uncle Greg"
I was crying on the staircase, begging you: please don't go </3
talk about epic foreplay ;)
done and done. Consider yourself followed <U+2764>
Great pic -- thanks for sharing!
went to hospital and took lung test today. i passed but they didnt get the report to my dr before the end of the day.....
And it's the involvement of the state that matters. Pressuring corporations their speech isn't censorship.
I'd drop dead if I woke up and there was a black rangerover with a giant pink bow on it for me in the driveway.
I will hopefully have some kegs soon.
Let's go #Brewers!
We are less than 30 days away from the show that will set the MMA world on fire. Do you have your tickets yet? NO?? Why not?
Some people really like to be all up in other people's business.
I need to order 2 1U rack-mount generic PC servers and get them in-hand, pronto. Recommendations?
Haha I'll jam it into my memory bank. :P Have fun at Colorado next week. :)
that's a bad goal on Holtby. not even sure how that puck got on the net. but whatever. Build on it. Now.
Shampoo bottle fell on my foot:'(
thanks sweety but I know it will :s anatomy book is gonna be my boyfriend this 1st semester and i'll leave the others subjects :A
But now I'm watching the Refill video ^_^
But hey theres money to be maid....some arent so lucky to have a fulltime job ya knw
DESIREE!!! I know I've said this about a billion times haha but Good Luck girlie!!!!!!!!! LOVE YOUU!!!<333
I'm really liking the new Rascal Flatts cd. I can't stop listening to Banjo. :-)
He's made 30+ starts in the last 4 years, and last year: 2.79 ERA and a 4:1 K:BB ratio. What's not to like?
thank you!
Thanks for the care package! Keep doing what you do!
absolutely one of my favourite songs. That whole album is good.
Hey Walter, is the ADM Team heading up to BTS this wknd?
#Stalk Saturday loyal media colleagues
I use it a lot. :D Glad to know you're doing well. :)
Liar! “: Ive been saying Go Clippers for YEARS. But all of a sudden now it's bandwagoning? So not cool. #Clippers4Life”
I am so warm in this office. blah. time for food.
should have invited me instead!
I wish for that day where I can go on a movie date with It would be amazing/:) I cant sleep now either
follow me so I can DM it or send me a link to where I can hear it.
Follow me (; Promise to be on here more
Behind the scenes blogs on the Mary Firenze #photoshoot are being published on www.brandonphotos.com.
haha Most of my friends know how he is. He's even more annoying when my friends are over.
Yep! We need to get together at some point in the next few days!
The Thunder will crush the Bull without Derrick Rose...prediction 97-82
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Internet Riches Made Easy Video Training Program
i have successfully ignored every text i got today. I don't even know why. O_O haha
Watching #MadMen Don Draper just passed out. Oh baby
wow very random but great thing to read when jus waking up
great show at the Smithsonian today!
In case you were counting along w/ : this is our 425th day working on #Beertown. only 7 more to go for this leg of its journey
Yale '83 and AYA board chair. Time to meet in real space?
Madison people! If you still new our #BrewCityStompDown2012 tickets stop by the Red Gym MSC lounge today 3-7pm! Tickets are $25.08 cash only
awesome! It's raining here - is it raining in Indy? What do the shirts look like?
#FF Thanks for following us!
hey lea its me mary, please follow me back. =)
J.D. Maverick faces off with Eddie Edwards.
Agree! I'm also just nosey lol! RT I love looking at people's grocery carts in the market! Fun imagining what they'll cook!
That was cute.
Just fed kobe some bananas :) he loves them !
“Why is it drug addicts and computer aficionados are both called users?” - Clifford Stoll
he is going to Houston which joined the big east.
Sometimes the brightest light comes from the darkest places.
u already knowdo it ain't a party without modo
Larry Sanders has zombies in reruns...lol
Uh, actually, my car is full of fast food bags. Want some?
you too lol
yay!!! Thank you babe!
Newborns With Drug Withdrawal: Number Of Babies Born With Symptoms Triples - Huffington Post
yeah y do ppl think no one prints anymore. i think i concentrate better on articles that way!
thank you! I hope you'll be joining us at an event! RT : Cheers to a successful Monday.
Truism: "Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel." - Jimi Hendrix
Ha LOL Gr8 Pt!! RT : A4: Like setting kids loose with crayons while you are busy talking on the phone...dangerous!
no cell phone: saddest thing I've read today...I would be going through technology withdrawal!
Updates coming soon... www.floridaladyangler.wordpress.com
been to pure,haze,and lax so I guess we'll try the other places on this trip? Marqee, where is that one?
Come on Oklahoma cty beat the grizzlies!
for the record I won more games than u I do believe Maci....lol
UK once they settle down.
Today is Dickens's birthday. What greater honor is there than a Google doodle?
The recording booth is IN!! There's no stopping us now. :)
Stosur succumbs to Sharapova Aussie Sam Stosur loses three-set marathon to world No.2 Maria Sharapova in Stuttgart after serving for the
And Music History in general. It's cool to like something but like it for the music AND the cuteness. Geez.
haha now that's more embarrassing.
we may have been tweeting the same thing simultaneously. If you ever get divorced, I think that means one of us owes oral.
Now she know better than to call and ask me do I wanna go to the park with her like wtf
Goal for Warped Tour 2012: hook up with
God forbid a Knicks player looks at someone, but Wade is allowed to throw footwear.
Watch out for BIrds! Chicken Heads, Chicken Hawks, and Pigeons!
aw how sweet
Yea ill try lol
Do you prefer old world charms or modern styles when staying at a resort? #golf #travel mygolfconcierge.net
specifically outside of child birth what is there to bare besides the extra 50 pounds of emotions women walk around with?
Put my whole damn head in it!!!
hahaha, you're welcome
I know that I talked with you on Monday, but it still feels like I never see you any more.
DID YOU KNOW that all new door locks come with 2 keys? How many do you have? if you have 2 locks & 2 keys, there are 2 more floating around
Thanks for the share / gaffe-fix. Just when I think it's safe to not proofread a tweet ...
JOHN DIES AT THE END ... NO, JUST KIDDING. HE'S FINE
Plans for your V-day? Bring your main squeeze down to The Lackman on Valentines day and drink your heart out before or after dinner! The..
Thanks, Scott. BTW, loved your plumber video this week. Looks like you're up to great things – can't wait to catch up.
Today was a day full of dramaa! But at the end we all settled it.
Think I gotta head back out of state, haven't really been able to enjoy GA since I been back, but its all good, work first!!!
Omg, I'm so tired right now
Boston Public Library's Saturday hours come back today! 9-2 in most cases. Welcome school year!
Congratulations to the graduating class from stop in for a delicious meal to celebrate!
i think bobby brown beat whitney to death, its a unanimous decision by the family.
Advance or highly Proficient on standardized testing; & MORE important, EXPOSURE far beyond the standardized test rubric.
“: thank you sweetie” omg my fav Dj replied to me:)
Why did i get out of bed today???
Giants Game tonight go happy Orange Fridsy!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 42
Happy/excited that it's here. But I'll be happy to see it go.
I've selected "I never signed up for this mailing list" WAY too many times this month on your "email alerts," people.
In full support of the #Kony2012 movement. I just hope we organize and take a magnifying glass to our domestic issues just the same.
So, Sidney Crosby returns tonight...
Yay! Love that came in to eat! <U+263A>
Closing all the internet windows by the time your boss gets to your desk is like getting the keys into the door before the killer gets you
You been tweeting and DM ur fans.. but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!! ? I love youu<3¶
I've seen him give free drink because someone said they were having a bad day when he asked how their day was going
hahahahaha poor girl
Well not better, but being able to hear something back from him because of all the bs Im going through. Itd make me a bit
(we found love in a hopeless place)
Thank you to all of those who serve to protect this nation. Your dedication and sacrifice is much appreciated.
ha! Too cold. But also, I am on a mission for a patio set.
it will be more fun if you use tigermilk album cover instead of sinister. ;)
thanks. Looking forward to tasting it.
It's so nice to a rather large bounce in Logic and not be worried about your computer crashing.
calm down, ur fine!
7 more days until we give away two tickets to one of our twitter followers. just RT us
Happy Boxing Day from Stoner Couture. The gateway clothing company that leads to HIGHER fashion :)
Go Greeaaase Lightening !
Forever a fan of the ironic "lol."
I know! & Thanks pam, I'm more than happy and excited. IMY btw!
When someones laugh is funnier than the joke :p
not only I'm a big fan of you, I would love to be a real good# friends with you. Because your amazing
2 meet you!I was looking over ur blog.Love it! If I'm not careful, I'll wind up buying every book you like&be overloaded
Thanks for posting!
I'm going to warped in Houston tomorrow and I can't wait!
In Wichita watching K-State versus West Virginia... A perfect day? They both lose...
yeah!!!!!!! you're very sexy
It's been a short work week, but it has felt like a month has passed...Beat the heat with our AMAZING Happy Hour tonight starting at 5p!
#STC12 Lightning Talks. Pressure on speakers. Great fun for audience. Many presentation styles. 5 crazy minutes! Don't miss it!
I'll probably end my thesis with a line like, "joyce... had a way with words."
How is every Sunday the best Sunday ever?
Thank you moose for bringing us onto the board
Glad I ain't gonna be there for may day I would of chilled with the babe like last year .
A nervous wreck.
So since its senior ditch day everyone else decided to ditch too?..
don't be sad...
awe thanks matt its okay :)
Your welcome we follow all of our fanmily and we LOVE chatting to everyone as much as possible. :)
Just looked in the mirror (checking for spooks) and I look even worse than I feel. LMS for a pic!!!!!
#history The annexation of Texas, and the attack on a 70 man U.S. Patrol north of the Rio Grande by a Mexico. 16 U.S. soldiers were killed.
Hughes and Garcia are responsible for our bullpen being BADLY overworked!
hello there my friend!
Damn Miami gettin mopped right now.
So apparently John Hughes (famous director who died today) attended the University of Arizona - somehow makes me care about his death more.
People selectively disclose personal information both online and offline.
My timeline won't load..-_-
Watching The Rocky Horror Picture Show ^.^
Pride attracts the lady. Courage approaches the lady. Wisdom gets the lady. Strength puts up with the lady, but loyalty keeps the lady.
The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
Bummer about the #thisamericanlife #retraction Doesn't change my opinion - still love and trust your show.
ALL.THE.TIME
checking out your site now!
Chrysler recalling 127K Dodge Charger & Chrysler 300 vehicles; potential problems in electrical stability control, anti-lock brakes -Reuters
Got an iTunes 15 free songs card with a collection of today hottest Broadway music. It included Fela music.
#2011icf #SirKenRobinson "Life is inherently creative.. It is not linear. We create our life!"
Tell me more about your proposed working group. What kind of campaign fin. reform proposals do you have in mind?
Flying to San Francisco to visit Aunt Natalie & Uncle Joe & many wonderful cousins scattered about the state! The whales are moving in too!
hecka. bored. no one is talkin to me on my private account. ): getting ignored.
Franklin gets an alley-oop to pull the #Aztecs to within one point, 27-28.
Hahsha i love you too girl(:
SHUSH. I get the white iPhone 4S this week <3 So it's worth the wait. And then I get another update in January. NEW PHONE
i bet its not that bad...
Jammy Land RIP ...NO that place rocked the whatever the kids say these days...wtf when you here again?
OMG!!!so dying of laughing at ONE DIRECTION FACTS...:P
i hate when i can't help someone with something or when they tell me i'm not helping them AT ALL. i feel completely useless to them.
hey cool thx for the follow! i am going to a wedding at yr space is weekend, am excited to check it out. yay.
we appreciate your support!!!
Show up to work ontime and you wont be buying the boss lunch
": Folks, it's cold tonight in IA, so I went with a hat, for better or worse" HA well played chuck Todd well played
Its an amazing feeling to know that theres somone who loves you more than you thought possible <3
After serving in Illinois House & Senate & US Congress Harold Washington was elected 1st Black mayor of Chicago 12 April 1983
Why You Having Surgery? And Happy Early Birthday!!!
Barry Gordon in the house @ Linkage Awards
If you want to create wealth, it is imperative that you believe that you are at the steering wheel of life, especially your financial...
yes damn it
I <3 the zoo! When are you off this week?
Truth is #God got me!!
Sorry but the Brazil directioners can be so annoying! i mean they trend everything with Brazil and not the whole 1D family! #Annoying -Kelly
I Just Want to Say welcome to all my new orphans expect a callif you live in the USA
First I had a mf next to me smelling like musty onions from Maxwell's...he leaves, and a girl sits down smelling like potpourri...wtf...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Jennifer's Body has the greatest soundtrack EVER.
Starbucks at The Joe kicks much ass. Everyday.
Shower time <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080>
that's my limit on air. It's a good challenge in the right conditions and the right team.
After We Make Love <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0091> , She Wanna Sleep In My T-Shirt <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0095> !
That game was car-ray-zay fun! I'm in the #Dodgers parking lot right now.
#TeamNoSleep I'm at it again
what time y'all wanna be there
I'll be your new pool man. Ill provide the benefits! Ha ha!
Henderson did not even break a sweat last fight and is bigger stringer faster
Not so sure if any bands are gonna be playing, given the weather...
Time to embrace reality: Romney will win. We are no longer in Kansas. The main event is now underway. Third partiers jockeying in earnest.
dang there goes all your stripper money! haha jk!
Raining AH
Thanks Colleen - I agree!!! - Loved our #sparkandhustle experience in #Philly last year. #girlpower”
maybe I'm just out of it, but what song is that? Lol
Dear Anyone who spends their day whining: Shut up, stop blaming everyone but yourself and get up off your ass.
I am interested in trying it with French. Did it take a while for kids to get used to it?
RT Director of house church network Life Together Churches/ founder of video game co.Rebel Planet Creations.
Got a script 4 a Russian cast & crew or a fantasy script for an actress in her early 40s? You might wanna see InkTip.com's free newsletter.
I Miss You <3
“: I SEE A FEW MUTHAFUCKAS UP EARLY ON THIS SATURDAY HIGH POWER FAKING WIT IT THO <<<
are you suree?
Have I ever told you how much I want a cuckoo clock? Now you know.
hm..."sit right down" makes more sense than "step right down." Misheard lyrics as a kid that must have stuck with me.
RT Looking for #Apartments in #Chicago? Follow us!
I have a question...Is this really you in this picture? Is so, you are HOT! <3<3<3
- You are most welcome and I look forward to sharing my experiences as a Pinterest noobie!
Dolphins are so smart that within weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy Blow their.... mind ;)
#googleplay layout seems to need a little work. Very un
A good pair of socks can change everything. knows what's up!
thank you so much for your support!
still think that they don't value M.Gamel as highly as most think... Thus Beckham interest... Also B. Lawrie looms for 2B
Felt the inspiration of possibility just from browsing a local art supply store. Amazing how a few new pens make me want to draw more.
I feel really stupid now for checking Facebook before twitter this morning.
GO NOW!!! Wake them up and go!!
idk do u ?
God Morning. <3
Hybrid impressions are not easy
yeah! After she hitter her goal she changed her account! She used Bieber & Beliebers.
nosing through some tweets and planning plan of attack on tomorrow's packing agenda
people always advertise what they'd do for somebody if they were in a relationship but when they finally get in one it's nothing like that
that's actually what I said to a guy out here that was, a sure hard Michigan state fan lol
I don't think that this particular bone is supposed to be hurting right now
LAUSD board member testifying: Emphasizes student safety, which this bill does nothing 2improve... I recommend following your policies & law
He taught at my alma mater, R.I.P.
BELIEBERS GO HARD :) 8 million views in 24 hours . AH YEAH ;) follow me ? :)
#disapora your site is so bad, I'm starting to wonder if this "alpha launch" wasn't actually a conspiracy to drive people back to facebook.
false cathedrals owns radiohead...
Gotta get my British royalty fix from somewhere :)
...so never fuck nobody without telling me...
please follow cristina garcia on facebook please it is her birthday she is an amazing friend the pic is she cover her eyes
heck yeah can't wait til Friday night!!!!!!
We are located at 125 Fleet Street, Scottsville. Find us under the gorgeous market pavilion and check out our new construction: restrooms!!
Nieves has caught Wolf 3 out of last 4, will this be Lucroy's rest turn going forward?
It wasn’t until 1958 that “Come Fly With Me” was released. It subsequently became a number one album.
yes, rain exiting now, but can't rule out completely dry rest of tonight. Rain/storms tough to pinpoint today
yeah, I'm lost on the lyrics. Need to hear it again
Duke won by a buzzer beater. Carolina just won by 18 on senior night.
what channel is Good Burger on???
omg omg omg might come to Boston :D I'm gonna cry. VOTE FOR BOSTON (:
First major of the year. Lets go Rafa Nadal
2 each system
Not busy. Plenty left.
I'm not arguing path to goal, I'm arguing there ought to be a goal.
Hanging with at the soft opening! Getting our burger on!
Testing out tweet archiving
lol and me either;p it's usually to early..
By end of 2011 half of Americans will have smart phones
Be careful of the YOU just tweeted that, the dreaded, You sent that already "ATTACK" - AH real monsters
Me smiling,4 female friends,3 blunts...
watchhiin the competition video from this weekend... we look pretty hot if i do say so myself :)
#occupyoakland I do not understand how there is $ for choppers, riot cops & jails and there is nothing in parity to fight crime in E Oakland
After all that? Really Joshie? Really?
I love me some Wale!!!!
We interrupt this slumber to bring you a pretty freakin' awesome thunderstorm.
Hey Jamal, I know your a busy man & all, probably get messages 4rm random people all the time but I'm here to discuss business>>
oh my fault follow back Lol
Went to Lincoln over the weekend for booking. Looking foward to some new out of town shows. , Grove, Bourbon Theater.
Just made plans to have lunch w/my mom tomorrow. Been a couple wks since ive seen her...Cant wait to see her & catch up!! :-)
This is so tragic. :-(
Recently inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, he was a self-taught bassist & vocalist who will be missed. R.I.P Adam "MCA" Yauch
my friend just called me and told me that she got a video of you telling me hi and i screamed<3 haha love you<3
Investigators come to view prostitutes as human-trafficking victims and increasingly focus on targeting the pimps as traffickers.
Why thank you for this question. Pink and green. It's a curatorial uniform.
Thank you for your outstanding representation of Reichert products in Poland!
Can't believe Don Draper dies of liver failure in the new season's 1st ep!
To follwrs of da people im Fllwng ........ Please FOllow me .......please,please,please.
Road trip!
Alright, apparently crocs ARE allowed. If you get in trouble, blame ;)
I just had a dope
Thanks Coach. How's that baby doing?
'Real meditative practice is how you live your life moment to moment.'--Jon Kabat-Zinn
Good morning y'all.. it's Friday!
Gotye's "Somebody That I Used To Know" #NowPlaying in Tombs. This song is on every single time I'm in here. Not good.
You inspire!!
oh ok thanks :)
What a dick. Fucking liquor store indian prick
The poor old man could barely lift his carry on. Then she made a comment about her coworkers having 2 get shoulder surgery#Frontier Airlines
emily and i will go. <3
Our highest breakfast sandwich sales so far was 79 sandwiches in one day! We are still trying to hit 100... Come in and try one out today!
Ain't no way around it
Dieng for three?
We're closing the office from 11:30-1:30 (Central) today for a special company meeting. We'll return your calls/emails when we return.
I'll donate $100 to Child's Play to show how much I disagree with you.
Have a great thanksgiving everyone
is the best person in the world :)
I wish I can unfollow some of y'all with out y'all finding out..
New b.o.b cd is too nice
Appreciate it
I left home at 13. My only pictures are of me in the army. Helmet hair
What's good on netflix these days????
Thanks. I completely respect and follow team cribs but they're giving me a hard time......
Kanisha auntie a trip
I know where I'm eating lunch: RT is excited to have you join us tomorrow from 11am-3pm!! Bring on the CHEESE!!
is dropping Lily off for a sleepover and then heading to Vail
Ugh I don't think it's going to get finished in time
I know it sucks, just been busy training at work. Now they got me working for six days starting sunday. Only for a week tho
I'll admit, i just got overly excited when i found out that and were going to be teaming up for two episodes...
ooc; Ouch. Ok.
hit me on fb
what smiley lol
#WTFWasYouThinking when you stole my food -,-
Ben Reitman's great granddaughter talks about the #SDFreeSpeech at the corner of 5 & E
got a condo on my wrist, girl im cashinn out.
Internal Grilling Temperature Quick Guide for BBQ - Steak: internal temp. of 145 degrees F for Medium Rare, 160 F for Medium, 170 F for Well
Happy Monday! Can't believe it's end of the month already.
East Bay folks: now that great china & china village burst into flames, where do I get my Chinese food fix? etc.
This is the set-up for an older-than-thou contest, isn't it? You had newspaper? All I had was broken glass and scorpions!
Too bad your cd sucks. When you want to get serious with a real drummer, give me a call - 414-429-3973
I will personally deliver it to you.
Don't get a spray tan at lunch unless you want to feel like you moisturised with strawberry jelly the rest of the day.
Thanks for the audition yesterday! I had a blast!:)
The Knicks aren't just going to roll over to the Miami Heat, so I'll help it happen.
ugh u sound like him
RT : You guys should all follow Great travel advice :)
Tom Friedman heard him speak in middle of pension fight. Now have surplus and innovate! @
thanks for retweet! Xo
i vote short sparkly!!
u get cranky when on sugar withdraw? sounds like some people round here...
NICEVILLE - interesting, alot of plot lines. Creepy.
need to get to 300 followers... follow ya boy, i follow back
IM BACK...ONCE AGAIN!!!
Seriously all PR and social media crap aside, this is the best cast ever.
hey its Yasin follow me back!!
Um yeah still piSsed
And here he is...
ha are you coming to for red bulls?
quote's from btw
Gettin ready to go out...whoot whoot...hope its interesting
Truth. Also, I was named for an Amanda Palmer. Just not that one.
whwn he was younger he still wouldn't let me he would push me away lol . grab him and kiss him lol
Watching Conan The Barbarian
Yuna was great!
I dig the Righteous Brothers. Blue eyed soul. Sounded like they had a 100,000 watt sound system in their backyard.
I'd like some female attention I have some problem areas that need attending to <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
...nor the implication that had Brown gotten married she wouldn't have written such wonderful children's books.
It's #MusicMonday so don't forget to request "Old School" at your local radio stations.
Overwhelmed is the new normal--but progress can be made in baby steps. A little of this, a little of that ...
and i cant wait for the music!
#dontlethergo - bring her to Opal! Cheap date or not, Half off drinks noon-7pm = affordable date!
I do work wednesdays at !!! you should definitly stop by :) i'm here wednesday nights from 2-9pm!!!
almost worth it. Happy Birthday from us. :)
Was up?
Everybody know they wanted to get with the yellow ranger over the pink ranger
I declare, DC hasn't seen such a beautiful day in months. Gorgeous.
can't believe your gone!!!! Miss you already, we gotta Skype this summer!
hear hear.
Coming trend: solid hair colors start to look young and fresh -- stripped hair colors look old-fashioned and boring!
Pull up jumper from Taylor. THANK YOU TAYLOR!
those are fantastic!
I will text you, then! lol. Which number? I have like three different cell numbers for you.
: Its like we went back 50 years. What is up with the backlash against women?
lol and super dusty too!
how is this RT : Our dog Gabby is a sweet little cupcake that was BAKED BY THE DEVIL!
We just hit 70 followers in only a week...keep em coming!!
You know, sometimes using Twitter feels like screaming down a long dark hallway where the only response you receive is your own echo
man I CANT WAIT TILL YOUR BIRTHDAY :DD
#glee best episode yet!!!!!
No great man ever complains of want of opportunity.
good thing Becca is a crazy person happy
No way. His track record is still better than anyone else's. I think it just shows how tough scouting is in the NFL.
You're welcome!
Anyone know why the Daley Center is surrounded by fire/police vehicles? Just got rereouted off of Lasalle.
This just made my day!! Beach and fun to look forward to (and Game 7 win!), yay! Love to u & KMC!!
About to go pick up my food from the market
Now this hoe want to joy ride around
Is it too early to start making plans for this weekend?
Thank you, It was a good time!
I AM POSITIVELY ECSTATIC. Not to mention entirely in love with his dumb face. Did you see the picture he posted yesterday?!
I'm salty as fuck dog. Not cuz we lost, but cuz of all these laker haters. If u not a OKC fan then get off our dick
you in NYC tomorrow? If you have time swing by
pretty much Flynn shows he can be a starter in the NFL. Chastin's 97 yard TD was sweet. Green had nice screen.
Rondo's little "chest bump" was WEAK!! If you watch you can clearly see that he stepped on the refs shoe and "kinda" tripped on him...
So...did Claude Giroux's hit on Zubrus warrant him being suspended for the rest of the season?
They're of course not catch-all solutions, but heeyyyy so many channels for talking about how awesome 80s revival pop is!
New soundzzzz yes!
No, the ice tea is penance for not drinking vodka.
dislike very much
I see a Cosby Show marathon in my weekend future #clairvoyanttweet :-D
The bruhs are at my house do the workout video. I'm going to need some -ICe! after this.
Ahahaha. Greg is totally dressed like a girl!
Oh yes hers was so cute, too! Great call!
If you feel like you are losing control in your life. Learn a little bit about the solar system. That should make you feel better.
Havin Feelings For SomeBody , But They Dnt Feel The Same Way About You The Worst . . . <U+2665>
I miss my daddy!
I've looked into it before but no plans as of now. I know that's a great event.
PCL on Saturday - Cowboys and Cowgirls! Huge costume contest...PREPARE YOUR LIVER for halloween weekend! Hit me up if you need anything 4...
Lucy! You ROCK!
LA fellas: Admit it, you're a little late w/ your spring cleaning. Our Pasadena store is looking for your spring threads, so see you soon!
Goin ham at this Probate w/ and
At home lites out listen n to my thoughts. ...
FVCK YEAH doggy that's whas up I'm hyped f that #Ish !!!
and the boys played KC huh?
cos man , everytime I look at yo name on here it makes me laugh
Back in the O! Relaxing for a moment den back out I go
I am What I am
Wisconsin is a state of winners not winers.
Jokes can ruin your whole life )': #HateMyselfRightNow .
Watching rehearsals for our upcoming production of Seussical (in March 2012). Our young thespians are doing great!
ehhh i dont love him on that show too loud RT : I just Luv Terry Bradshaw he is the Man as is Howie Long.
should museum SM be held to a higher standard that interactives? exhibits?
#nowplaying Ted Nash "In The Loop" on flight from Seattle to Boston. Some interesting music here, some that I could skip. But worth the time
I think the grizzles messed up everybody's bracket last year haha..not many expected them to beat the # 1 seed spurs as a # 8 and go to WCF
Everythings always my fault in this house.
our pleasure and same to you!!!!
RT RT : AdBlock Chrome shows cats in place of ads today. I want to keep this option forever.
Can I get a refill
Gracias. May you and your family be graced by much schwaggocity as well.
Well that's just fucking great! Now I have 2 change my book 2 be about a kid who gets bit by while reading a comedic mystery.
Only one quarter
i dont know how
Grandma: Forgive me father for I have sinned... Me: Okay, you listening?! So last weekend I did some fucked up shit yo! Save my ass please!
Getting kind sleepy.
If you don't stand for something, you'll sho' nuff fall for anything.
I still have my alarm set for when Austin used to do Ustreams every friday.. It just went off, now I'm depressed...
#mantra #CLE ": Tech allows us to INNOVATE, not just iterate. - #12ntc"
children grown on the edge of the ocean, kept like jewelry kept with devotion
Santorum: "I'm not going to change with the climate." This, he said, after denying existence of climate change.
Tiger Woods' former mistress Rachel Uchitel welcomes baby girl with her new husband.
Worst headache ever
thank you Gail, I like your blog, very well done
uhm he told me 10 mins before you text me , so whatever
im a standard sample size......8.5
Someone needs to tell to stop dealing with these hoes who still have formula on their breath.
At a small earth day event with 4 other solar companies, we still managed to get 10 leads. Things are looking up!
P.S. It's a juicy conversation about internships and New York and feminism and diets.
hmm I know.
look like they're reading each others minds today. They're totally on.
My day , is going so God (:
hope so wishing u the best
Refs on the payroll.
Just had a "breakfast meeting" that turned out to just be a "meeting". I'm hungry and no prospects of eating before lunch!!
I look to this new year with hope and prosperity.
Yes I love working. Ugh
Just to let u guys kno, in the song/video does 80% of the singing so we schould be giving most if the credit to her!!<3
Quote of the day: "Sometimes you aren't suppose to do the things that sound good in your head."
You sound like a BEAST on the new record, man! Kicking myself all my metalbuds are seeing you guys in NYC tonight...
me! I love Shark Tank. Inspires me to keep dreaming and building!
Still weird that I've lived here long enough that I have to replace my toothbrush
Madison Pharmacy Associates | Plans don’t fail, People fail to plan!
When I was ?22 my Dad to me said, "Why do you always have to be entertained? Life is not like that..." How did my Dad KNOW me so well?
LONG LIVE THE ETHOGRAM.
- answer my text message woman!
Every January 1st, there is a huge spike in interest in losing weight
All those times I was confused & in awe when peers would use lingo I didn't understand. now I just hate them for using lingo.
I been good, you?
And I meant 5 min left in the 4th.
nice lebron drawing... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
yes indeed.
You rock. Loving the design for Fary Moini's new website. Thank you thank you thank you.
haha yes! especially if we did it to that certain person. They would crap their pants if we snuck up &yell that hahaha
not sure yet think flu
We want to wish everyone a very happy corduroy day.
yeah. May 26th.
Woke up this morning thinking about when I was eighteen. My God, where did twenty years go. I finally understand Bob Seger's LIKE A ROCK.
Support independent artists! You will like what you see!
#Secondcity imrpov intensive done! so awesomely inspirational and educaational! Thanks
RT The four stages of a Boy & Girl relationship: 1. hand in hand. - 2. that in hand. - 3. hand in that. - 4. that in that.
Lee, where are you going to be playing in Miami?
I support a patient-centered approach to healthcare reform.
lmao that's cuz they don't read em for real
No, but I would love to. He's fantastic. :)
//He does em at the crib...
Looked safe to me. Good throw by Kemp would have had him.
blech. ...come on November, you need to cool the fuck off!
What sector has the most secure employment in today's economy?
Hey, just a reminder the call for proposals for #TSETC11 closes on Monday - Hope you can submit something this weekend :)
didn't think I'd be getting back into John Zorn any time soon; ... goes to show what I know.
I wish
i come from Holland !
called "There's Someone for Every Housecleaning" I believe will be splitting the market with me.
Hi Megan, have you ever been into on Ridge Ave?!
Although I spent 6hrs knocked out on morphine & $1800 at the dentist, today was rather productive. Or am I dreaming?
Well first night of the porfolio show pretty much sucked. Out with friends now though.
can u give me a shout out?
Watching Iron Man while waiting for to get back on so I can try to get him to reply to me! :)
Striking resemblance, isn't it? :)
We've been here 10 min n my lil sis just screamed mommy lost weight lmfao if only it could happen that fast.
recognized it !
Watching Mark Wahlberg get pummeled to the sounds of Neil Diamond's Sweet Caroline
lebrons face was saying " I should've made that! it's not the 4th quarter yet!"
Can't believe this year is over already! Gosh #TimeFlies #Summer!
i havent been up this late in a while
Good morning #Indy lots of #sunshine today get out and enjoy the weather.
No doubt he's in the starting lineup. RT : quick poll: Rondo: out for the season or geared up for game 4?
Also, already hot as balls.
MUST SLEEP!!!!
My brain is really really tired today. If only I had known I would need all those brain cells.......
I shrunk an inch :\
Cool that will be great. Thanks for the prompt response!
If there was no Google I would fail all of my classes.
The lesson of this chat is the next time you see a great movie, check at the library. It just might have started as a book.
I identify myself as a former catholic, but would gladly return if there was such a thing as a progressive Catholic Church.
Both sponsorships extended for a year.
All the good ones want you apply, aka be good at writing. *sigh* I ask you, where does that leave me?
I've seen them, i think, three times? Once when they did all of Vs. at Pitchdork Fest.
well, it's the company trip, but I have no obligations so I plan on eating, sleeping, and sunning. Jeff's mom is already here
cusotm apparel caps shirts at www.customcapsunitedstates.com we love your hitzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Thanks bro! RT : slaughtering it on air right now!!!
What's the best cure for an "unlucky" streak?
Help Walk MS: Fell's Point Maryland bar tomorrow; Support Team Cobra Kai; Like my Facebook pg ($5 donation for new likes)...
Having taquitos and quesadillas. It only seems appropriate to have Corona.
Touchdown Giants!!!! That's what I'm talking about!!
Here's a refrain from an old song, "If you have something to say, better say it now." Make it quick, this cat & mouse thing is a bore.
Least all my pictures and dawn's are real. Like WTF. Use google and finding pictures and say there you? that's messed up.
Well i guess it is your hair, you paid for it !!
and this is why you're not at the union?
I'll never forgive you for poaching the first line of Lolita -- given that it's become my personal credo.
Missed Margarita Monday tho...
Free entry to Auckland Pirates vs Nth Harbour b'ball at 7 tonight, ASB Stadium Kohi. NZ Breaker Dillon Boucher will be there, maybe others.
Nope. Can't waste another season of Dirk's fading prime. That's doing wrong.
you should follow , its pure comedy gold.
#Daylight Savings i fell back.
Aw sending <3 #love back at you! #HappyValentines!
I hate a cocky ass bitch!
fucking final exams
Going for a walk. By myself. Without here to remind me.
Children of bodom,clutch and black label society kicked ass tonight! I interviewed Alexi Laiho, footage will be available soon
Dudes on motorcycles, setting off car alarms! Seesh, those guys really do have huge cocks.
Every time I do get on Twitter #OOMF decides to stock me!
The 2012 season is only 15 minutes away!
#Bibliobash People just might start dancing.
Ah, the eternal burden of time: to be spent, spent, spent!
We are happy to have in our EA family, so many tech events and beyond- we can't keep up with these guys!!!!
Right when I wake up the first thing I think about is what he said and even though it was a joke it made me feel like shit.
cool can't wait to wish u happy-birthday
have fun guys<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Welcome New Friends! No different than a community garden a shared localized social hub helps us all promote local #Pdx Events Pass it along
its like 3 am i cant sleep babe
We have this circus with Roger Clemens but we cannot bring to justice to the Goldman Sachs Gang. What a joke.
Tired of being stuck at 670 followers... Can I get some help to get to 700 plse. Rescue me
#isitme.... Or do Mayweather & Cotto look like the Black&Brown versions of each other? Lol CincoDeMayo is bouts to crack.
Yes it exists....Natty Daddy
jorge: Tony just spotted Jim Cantore and insisted that we turn around for a picture with him.
My pleasure!
i love asking alexandria. ben bruce marry me now
#Mequon Police reporting an industrial ax happened just after 6am, one person injured. On our way to scene now.
RT : Ques for #Marketing & #PR companies? When are you going to start hiring #video content producers? Think about it.
Volunteer Retention, Recognition and Relationships-Session I May 31.Learn how 2 build relationships/show appreciation....
If you ever find anything I'd love to know. I've only ever found that they're completely exempt from comp. attendance laws.
Dude is amazing
Getting a text from a random number that says "don't turn around" O.O
I am so with you. I have never ridden one. So frightened.
I guess so, cuz he hasn't said anything about it..
thank you for the follow
The one who fears is not made perfect in love.
yes it will be the 30th. wow congrats!! fatherhood is great so far. do you know what ur having yet?
ill consider it
Also I read about the skyscrapper (frost bank) FuelBand, but I can't find any factual info on how it was done!
is thinking of all the families that lost loved ones on that september day in 2001 as today marks 10 years.
do you see any country as a model for how to address the trend?
It *must* be an alcoholic ingredient that's making you do the evil laugh.
HOLY MOTHER OF FUCKING CHRIST. JUSTIN'S VIDEO ON VIDDY NEEDS TO FUCKING FUCK THE SHIT OUT OF ME. MY GOD. I CAN'T DO THIS ANYMORE GUYS.
WHAT UP DAWG!!!
I see your Pens finally realized they're in the Stanley Cup playoffs ;).
Red-letter day. My sister is following me. She refused to join facebook. Now she's on twitter. #whatgivessis?
no worries! loved your sandwiches--especially the 'christian street'. hope you enjoy the post and thanks for the RT!
BOSTON POPS & Kenny Loggins promo: FREE TICKETS just download iPhone app! 6/21 & 6/22 8pm code "iPhone"
"What's the story on that dog?"
A BIG thanks this year to for all of her work behind the scenes to make #BarCampTampa successful this year!
Very nice -BJO with Kenny Werner and Chris Porter at the Blue note tonight.
I'm gonna make fettuccine with white sauce& shrimp for tonight. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> oh man
They're going well! The has definitely helped me in the music department and tracking my workouts!
I need to make my escape
We're not Damon. His Twitter account is
I did of course! I have 111 episodes recorded. Lol
I'm there, but I do prefer to inconspicuously unite...
so why let that stop you from choosing to smile? i find that quite funny
God damnit all I want is you
So any advice if I was thinking about moving to Alaska?
ight bro I will put in a work for you
thanks so much!!! :)
what is 's favorite color? CWC <3
congrats on your magazine spread with Brit Lauren!
I missed seeing you too! what you got mom was cute! #loveyou <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
so you're being the teenager then? ha ha ..
first 25 fans get into first mainstream concert free!!!!
oh so deep -___-
get me posted want to see the surprise
Tryna think positive but sometimes I feel trappd by my own mind state... Damn... I need a drink
Vegas and then slc. Lady next to me has a basket of tomatoes. Attack of the killer tomatoes in this b.
just trying to get metro tickets is a bear!
I just got horny out of the blue...
"funny how people who cheat want you to be faithful"
Just might be watching Mean Girls with my sister.
Eurotrip NEVER gets old.
Why do I go out on Wednesdays before my 10 a.m. class on Thursdays again?
Lol no but there an "I" in win
when do they ever? That is why I am not one, LOL.
I Am What I Am still TT! :O
My brothers still use the word "gay" to refer to something they dislike.
You'll be running right by us! We'd love to see you in while you're in town!
excellent 1st hour of Raw. Can't wait til Sunday.
it is the year that Texas joined the U.S.
Hail to the Thief is underrated. Sometimes you want OK Computer, sometimes Kid A. But sometimes you want them blended into a smoothie.
May we suggest the sunny comfort and luxury of Xona Resort Suites in Scottsdale, Arizona? :)
Metric on in Starbucks. Yes. I blame for my love of this band.
#WeCantBeTogetherIf He don't respect my gangsta.
Independent music is revolutionizing the music industry as we speak
Biggest after party spot tonight till 3am hip hop music and dancing all night long
pretty sure we're running a story on that. Check the docs my friend.
I only work nights so the hangovers rarely stop me. I'm sorry dollface.
we'll be doing a tasting for press, bloggers and the likes next month. You around?
thank you!!!
Live coverage from Pebble Beach today on the Golf Channel. Bill Murray is dressed like an 85 year old, but still awesome :)
take my final for me !
Dental Hygienist: What do you want for Christmas? JT: OH. I haven't been very good at school.
HEY, How is this Gorgeous,insanely SeXy girl....NOT in ur MAG??? Signed ..a soon to b leaving subscriber!
omg you really are amazing at drawing
Things I did not know about O' Hare: b/t terms 1 & 2, there's a fancy sushi bar & Johnny Rockets.
sure I'll take one for weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Outta sight, outta mind.
Happy New Year you too<U+2665>
RT : How to Use QR Codes Effectively-The difference between a useful marketing device and a gimmick is that ......
#LightMasters Number 13 by Wells likens the grandparents to dragonboogers (#Magic), which surfaces later in the
well when you get on, you won't win lol
Stokes hall is going up on the dustbowl, More hall is coming down soon, eventually Edmonds too and a new Plex. And others.
I actually work at a pizza restaurant, so it helps me to cut down!
Thanks Deb for the RT. This is going to be a blow-out amazing show! Can't wait :-)
Beach bound tommorow?
this nigga was born into slavery yo
and the teddie photo?
you're better than that though Dan. This kid is talking about SB slides lolol
I'm on it
Don't appreciate your female I will! That's 100
Can someone please explain to me what that little teeny hole is that develops right below the belly button in every shirt I own?
": If being pathetic is wrong,then I don't care."
haven't forgotten still in Oz.
ok..the "faucet" is when you run ur pussy under the faucet for a quick cum..you can thank me later ; )
For #L1 cache, `cat /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu0/cache/index1/size`, for #L2, put index2 instead. Note this is on #Ubuntu!
RT : "Sexting" is the topic on the radio this morning. Should it be a felony or Misdemeanor? Your thoughts?
Whitney Moore is actually pretty charming.
I want to say Thank you so much Jessica Bale of Flagstaff, AZ for being a supporting "Xtamina Energy Drink" fan!!!
All over it!
Some people need to kill themselves -_-
Did someone/corporate entity just censor #TwitterBlackout from trending?
JUSTIN BEIBER WIT THE MONEY TEAM !!!!! #THEMONEYTEAM !!!!
Another year older and (hopefully) another year wiser, our owner is celebrating his big three - one today!! Happy birthday, Joshua!!
Thanks for following! We are a finance co located in Silicon Valley. Looking forward to connecting!
Love sessions where we get to apply what we're learning...got to practice writing our names in old American script!
I can't think of one single #BestMemoryof2011... It was one of my best years so far :)
just came back from shoping
thanks i will!
Hope everyone is excited for LIVE shows to start tonight! 5 acts will be going home. Let the competition begin!
I prefer laughing and playing fighting over hugs and kisses. Is that just me?
Fl Turnpike!
Catch the Peoples Choice Awards?! Did your favorite artist win? Join our FB chat discussing if you agree with the people at on.fb.me/xfhhaX
Can you PLEASE add some more VIP tickets for Tampa, Florida ?!?!?! ID LOVE YOU EVEN MORE<3 #IfThatsEvenPossible lol RT
Great panel discussion of marketing series for Phila AMA
hahaha! Girl I'm hurr. let me know what time and I'll bring food! Senegirls Day!!!
thats good. thank you
hey bro good game my b about the mouth again ,, i hate single rims
Congrats. Welcome to the real world.
Can I get a freaking dinner roll! Something dang!
#twinstatus haha. Haven't heard that new on. I'll check it out and get back to ya
Shooting my new commercial tomorrow
But I would totally eat a cupcake version, too!
#RandomFact: 'Dammit I'm mad' is 'Dammit I'm mad' spelled backwards
RT Alright I'm done I just remembered said I tweet in bulk. Lmbo....Because you do!!!
I'm in Tampa till next month n officially moved back to Miami after that :) Miami trip for u I think yes!!!!
nice to hear from you. Just taking the hot yoga for now, teaching #piyostrength though. How are ya?
cause baby im still in love with you ;X
Survivors of military jet crash say "no amount of money" will ease their pain. They were just awarded $17 million in damages by a judge.
Edward Irving Koch~ Im not the type to get ulcers. I give them.
It's a beautiful day to start looking for your new home! :-)
I'll show you next time we're down the bayou. Its not as pretty as the iPhone, but it can do more nerdy stuff.
Whos watching #ABDC7 2night, i know i am :) !! dont forget to vote for !! there gonna kill that STAGE <3
Alexander on their way to a win over McAllen High, 1:43 remaining in the game & they lead 41-18.
good job buddy!
Good one! Insoluble indeed....
Hahha I saw it earlier....not nearly as good as any "House Husbands of Philly" but it'll do!! xoxox haha
My 9 y.o. refers to the instant replays as "flashbacks." Clearly football is not our thing.
A6: Listen with love and not offense. Ask G-d to show you what your spouse is feeling and what they are trying to convey!
Ready for Joshua Ledet's first cd to come out. Love to hear him sing.
thank you Sir
haha it's yummy! Ya gotta lose the reduced fat PB #makeufat replace it w/ natural PB! #goodfat <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><U+2764>
Excited for Google Chrome Browser!
ringalingggg hi!!! thanks for follow!! love,
I Hate When Im Eating Cereal And The Last 3 To 5 Pieces Are Like "Catch Me If You Can Bitch"
This new song B.o.B and Taylor Swift just released <3
I think bama has figured out the screen pass and has been pouting since he got off the bus.
The might be my new favorite team with Danny Trevathan, Wesley Woodyard, Jacob Tamme & Jeremy Jarmon
Our new video will be freshly posted on Youtube sooner than later today!! We'll have it linked to the page! Thank ya'll for the support!!
if the question isn't "is this what birth feels like?", you're doing it wrong.
i love this <U+2665>
best of luck in the NBA was a joy having you play for the
As Rick James once said "Cocaine is a hell of a drug!"
I think the whole of twitter knows who wants to win.
dunno why this article is so sarcastic. Scott Pilgrim was an amazing movie.
Paranormal Activity 4? White people: Please stop... You're making us all look bad.
Life is like going upstairs on a downward escalator in that if you're not stepping up fast enough, you're surely going down.
Welcome to twitter, ! We'll have a nice time, I promise.
you are an old shriveled up pile of crap. Obama has screwed up this country so bad and you support him. Who's the moron?
“We also tracked our leads and customers whereas before the only way to do so was by them calling us,” said Scott
Thanks for the mentions about ZirMed's #1 ranking in KLAS; , ,
Send in the navy...
I'm at the Brewer game!!!!
master typing so that you can take your iPad anywhere and GTD.
you dont know what a wanker is?
1/2 Price burger night at Beckett's tonight. Movember kick off party Mon 31st at & P.M.
nothing much happening man. It's like the Glee flash mob, just angrier
Who can shake that monkey
Who would have thought tonights mets news isn't the 8th inning melt down.
There will be a competition for the best costume and prices to give away so don’t miss it!!! today 1:pm at school..
Last day to get our 99 problems t-shirt at the pre-order price from TuesdayTees.com!
AFTER he strapped 'im to the top of his car.
tried to follow your link but it brought me to an error page on facebook - is it me?
omg hey girl!! How are you?! Its been soo long. We need to hang out!
hahahaha I know exactly what you're talking about!
Date night w my hubby. A much needed fun night!
Do you know the energy/water impact of giving up a daily newspaper?
Its called not giving up !
I hate you.
Hey Hey
great show, really helped me better know #teaparty mindset, makeup, drive and bias. Perspective and compassion, uh clueless!
All over- I spend countless hours digging through archives from Universities, States, the Government, just about everywhere :)
ok if you were annoying on fb then we don't want you on twitter..
kill it!!!
Ugh…all I want to do is sleep. -.-’
Edmund Kuempel's rest stop will be dedicated on Tuesday morning at 9:30 a.m. 9 miles east of Seguin on Interstate 10 - exit 619.
On the MegaBus to Chi-town for NYE!
RT : Treat the janitor like the CEO &amp; vice versa... u never know when the CEO decides to take out his own trash
how old are you??*
"Citi Cards" Just what America needs - American jobs that HURT Americans - Please fire yourself, I'm busy today.
Lady gagas 26 ? I thought she was like 19
Same here, but I'm afraid of the touch screen on the iphone bcs. I hear texting is not easy. Think I gotta switch though.
This week I begin another subbing opp. I am Jeff.
Have you tried giving a massage without using your hands? Try it.
Had a fresh Hopslam on draft at House of 1000 beers today. Got outta there for under $100 for the first time
yeah, i plan to watch my copy tonight. cannot wait until the draft...then training camp...then...
Whoops! Please excuse our jumpy fingers...
This will be tough mental day in the gym. Just weighed stuff. Two of my 45s are actually 47. And I'm using a new bench today
Can't Sleep...Thinking About Music
don't worry, Hubbard's back is basically destroyed.
Hoping everyones week is going well so far! Getting everithing ready for the summer months!!
lol I haven't been on this for mad long well were back lol nd facebook might be off (never)
Home at last!
haha I thought that movie was hilarious. Watching it with my parents made it pretty....interesting, to say the least
But we all know I'm dramatic for no reason lmaooo
Ford says they have 4,000,000 sync cars on the road today. But they only distributed 50,000 usb stick updates...?
Much needed gal pal time tn! Bring on the sunshine :)
Easily the directive with the most instantaneous satisfaction.
Thanks for checking in!
Just (politely) mansplained to a woman she looked exactly like Leslie Caron. She was NOT amused.
I wouldn't say that the #Pens are dominating this game, but they are playing a solid game. Fleury has made some tough saves.
Congratulations! Sounds like you belong there.
5.99$ love :) Super worth it! Aha x
Thank you to Lynne Doyle and all those who made the amazing event on Saturday possible. There is still time to help!! jitfosteryouth.com
One of the greatest nights in a long time
Does HCR bill do anything to control health care costs. No! Does it bring all parties to the starting line to address the problem. Perhaps
BREAKING: Is the only person besides my self who thinks my goatee looks good.
Everyone wants an infant seat designed by David Bowie. (According to last night's dream.)
The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success
I'm just gunna say Harry is so much better than the other members of one direction..so yeah
What a mess at JP Morgan. Just a mess.
Have a good hiatus.
Sometimes you just wanna say FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACKKKKKKKK it. Nah mean?
I love Selena Gomez! I think she's an amazing role model, she's sweet, lovely, humble & wonderful! please notice me?<U+2665>
At least Mozgov never backs down against Kobe. Need that physical play.
Yeah I don't get the parody account tht shit jus feel like u hiding behind some one else I don't know
uh, yes! Come to Oklahoma! Or DC!
Apparently 5 minutes is the new 45 seconds.
Time to ball out as hard as I can
I'm coveting the motorcycle part right now.
Convinced #OccupyDC just crossed some govt official who was having a bad day. Only explanation for 's performance today
great talk w/ Axelrod & Ryan on taxes. Maybe u can have Dave Camp on next week?
SOCIAL HUMOR: Happy Friday! Share with us your Twitter name and will follow you and will tweet a #FF (#FridayFollow) with your...
I'm an animal lover, can't say the same for the K girls though. (I refuse to type their name and give them more hits).
hoping to make it homie. havent missed a battle of yers in a grip. DMeitz is dope but you got this. zip him up!
I swear the broke people are already acting like the casino is a weekend get away downtown is foreign because of paying for parking
Thanks for reminding me about the bike exhibit! See you at Nature on Tap!
Please God Not again!!! :(
welcome back!
By proof, I mean CONCRETE EVIDENCE, not just a few video/audio tapes . Hard evidence.
True Blood! (it's on my #iste2011 planner)
That's ok, outs are important.
you're welcome <3
i laugh when i see people say "#BestBritishBands Cold Play and The Beatles" NO ITS DEFINANTLY ONE DIRECTION. stupids.
Just seen that new show starts in June, can't wait
I like panels...if you're willing to honestly speak your mind...makes for great theatre sometimes
I'M USING THIS AS MY ICON :D you're flawless even with your eyes closed!
Going to sleep now busy day tomorrow,,,
Miss your energy! RT Rockies win 5-3. Jumping on the coffee table. Not quite the same but kids are enjoying it.
CST modules - Selection Interviewing Skills for Non-Personnel Executives, How to use CST for Win-Win Communications
how much quickly ambitions die whilst older.
copy cat ass ppl wanna be us, put ya shades on nigga u can't see us
what? you dont just want to know what hot car they're rocking this week or exclusive party they went to??? lol
even back then you were hot!!!!!
I write these really long rants on Tumblr, but never post them. Because no one reads them anyway. XD
Apparently I ruin everything. Ok.
which one ?
WEAK SAUCE
DT has been strong against both Auburn and LSU, what does he need to prove? A steady O-line is much bigger issue for Ducks IMO
I just want to stay home today.
I knew of before he was Justin Bieber. He was and still is tha freaking bomb! Happy 18th bro!
Rock out with a free VIP trip to Lollapalooza from and !
hmm..kk well bye,no one is talking
we miss you bud. cheers on new record!
Thanks for #ff :
Good Morning to u as well :)
Girl Tell me about it !
Hey Keith!! can you privately message me, please? I have a lengthy #baseball related question to ask you? :)
...such a sweet girl to be the first my #Twitterpeeps to wish me so! Thanks, sugar ;-)
"An artist I'll be adding to my collection as one to watch. Well worth getting." M. Darlinson °(4-star I-tunes review)
glgl I was in seat 5 wearing the blue shirt. The 86o hand was only for 2.5 bb's!!
Railing PokerStars mix games that is. Almost two weeks out from surgery and arm still needs a sling. Guess I could play 20/40 lhe locally
Hugh Laurie's accent is to die for.
Huzzah! permission to cheer like I live in the 15th century!
Heading into the studio later today - new canvas work forthcoming!
i'm just waiting for someone to take a dump in a gallery while people watch and call it "performance art"
Seeing a Felix Gonzalez-Torres Untitled "Silver Beach" is quiet no matter how loud if is.
Virgins getting attached is such a strange but true concept
It time for the harbaugh bowl. It's #ravensnation baby
RT : Lesson from our Mom? ...We show love in actions not words.
haha I know! Thanks for being so cool and the kind words!
All I want is a life that people can't stop re-pinning
I'm having a great day so far <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0087>
we have a 8am class
I NEED HELP BADLY I NEED NIALL TO FOLLOW ME TODAY I HAD A HORRIBLE DAY AND I AM CRYING!!:,( i Need advice thanks<33
Hey guys! My account got hacked! DON'T click on any links! Sorry about that! -Ivette
First step toward the dream realized. Oh yeah, it feels good.
That's bec we're survivors, yo! Sorry about the nightmare.
Dentist today...
Blues Drop First Semifinal Game 3-1 to Kings: Fan's Take - Yahoo! Sports
so here's the lowdown, I'm low maintenance, lo-fi, lo-tech, even lowbrow maybe
Timeline wont load
Samsung OLED is amazingly thin. Price is TBD but likely astronomical.
Marketing campaign made the news :)
Twice for you, right? Congrats, man.
niggas telln now a days...Wow
Good morning and happy Friday!
After the Holy Sacrifice of the Mass, there is nothing in the Church that I love as much as the Rosary." Our Lady to Bl. Alan de la Roche
getting close to the 7,000 member mark in the LinkedIn group! And we vet every single request to join to ensure members are PDX Tech related
Allegro will be performing Dance Gallery on March 15 at Ohio County Library in Wheeling @ 7pm --tickets on sale now!!
Arizona DUI? Trust the former prosecutors to defend you! Remember - new bench trial law means experience counts more than ever!
you're the only reason I'm watching American idol rn
I am angry. I need the raw milk to feed my baby. I am unable to feed her any other way. The FDA should raid a chain store not RAWSOME!
Good one, Tracy. ;)
It does. But at the same time, it is what it is. Looks like it might be OKC's time
You are the missing part of my heart and soul that I have been searching for all of my life. :) <3 XOXO cc:
That equation should be: 2 consenting GAY people + legally sanctioned proceedings = GAY marriage
thank you cuzzin! And we did ;)
Penultimate is great! I'm talking about digital ink and active digitizer pens, handwriting recognition, that kind of thing.
loved the Lori Anderson in video
Are collections sets? Maybe a kind of set...
TGIF! Celebrate #SauvBlanc Day with a wonderful glass (or two) of Cakebread or St. Super !
It's freezing balls outside! This weather is to bipolar for me.
at #mamabear success through SEO: user engagement, targeted user base, unique content
slow down. There's an "infinity" joke here somewhere ;)
laying out while listening to music >>
SSA - Stop Sexual Advertising! And we wonder why our kids are sexually active at 12? Come on!
don't get your hopes up. We have Corey no-confidence crawfold in net.
Indexing the NYU book...it is going better than my first stab at indexing...but not all that much fun on a Wednesday night!
it's sexy though
just had such a wonderful consultation with the beautiful your letterpress invitations are going to be stunning!
Ball so hard.. wait
Esperanza Spalding was awesome last night at PDX Jazzfest. No one is out there doing what she does. Girl is gonna be an all-time great.
editor says #highered budget cuts are forcing US to rethink the mission of higher education
#MyBestFootballMemory when the Giants won the Superbowl on my 16th birthday. Best day EVER.
The Pharisees had a problem seeing beyond the law. Jesus challenged them not out of spite but out of love. He wanted them to come home.
I think dallas or around dallas Its like right by 75 u kno where 75 is right? (the highway) what grade r u in??
7 more followers from 100. HOOK US UP! <3
Love this!
Come on down to ArtWalk and catch DJs and live in-store TONIGHT! 6pm-11pm
Unless we're looking at rubber roofs for the new space, anyway.
don't worry he's still my bestfriend
Today, August 15 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Ashley Hall | Film/TV Production Coordinator | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
“: brotha, y u no follow me” I wonder the same thing:(
It's not even my birthday <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>
I definitely foresee #Eovaai becoming a top trending topic.
Good things don't last long.
Hit em with the #Jadakiss laugh at the end tho
Paws Up!<U+2665>
Hit me!!
What an amazing weekend, two Nights of Worship in a row! E-mail us at for more info on our traveling Nights of Worship.
flattered! Thank you.
will you be my valentine?(:
for a second, I thought u were saying you were a cyborg.
Seek the glory of God, get into his head if you can. Act like a man, Think like a King. NspiredBy Proverbs 25: 2-6
Your plans still to be at Iota tomorrow?
Watching MNF and lexus ad keeps showing. Is there anyone out there who has received a car for xmas? If so, please unfriend and unfollow me
My dream is to be retweeted by or
I dreamt about my teeth falling out and tsundere reactions to mostly unrequited love advances. Reality is actually better today.
Never stop growing. Unless we're talking about our waistline, then definitely stop growing.
Merry 'hristmas! Alex the zoo keeper has a problem. Job security is based performance. Sharon wasn't smart, she was cruel.
ur right now beats it up reggie for the number 1 spot
Am at party at #republiq w #apl.de.ap in Manila possibly the largest club I have seen.
i think the word "curate" is a little overextended these days
I guess it's nap time, while my video renders.
Alex Jones & the conspiracist community will find way to spin domestic military base idea into a good thing.
Feel free to visit our website for further details about our services with lighting & automation at www.tazzlighting.com :)
lol this bbq place in chinatown. the Harvest or something. They sell it. It's supposed to Texas Southern BBQ food!!
#NotForNothin Ronnie Davis should pay his taxes... but do keep in mind he made the East End a Place to be and it's kept downtown alive.
Its the weekend!!
some S. American steak place in NKC call Piropos (I can't spell)
Watched CrazySexyCancer yeterday. I admire you Kris for looking for alternatives, changing you life and inspiring others!
You know you're well rested when you wake up before your alarm :) Glad I slept early English AP here I come
will appear on local tv tommorow night at 6 to make her announcement for which boy she chooses, tune in!
We are now taking appointments until 3:00 pm on Saturdays!
What are you doing the rest of your life? The North and South and East and West of your life.
not super awful, so hoping it's just severely bruised. it's getting colorful but not very swollen.
Thanks for giving my kids the thrill to see the blimp up close in Frederick. Oh & you take the best pics, they're on TV!
Jessie left for school today. Boo Hoo no BFF anymore!!
This is sadness. As your teacher, I feel obligated to educate you.
That awkward moment when you text a guy first, and he doesn't reply....
Like a Saturday swap-meet, this, but it's people lined up at cable provider to swap out set-top boxes & modems.
Thx will be coming this afternoon- can't wait! :)
Tweeting while in school(:
Y'all should follow everything they tweet is so true!
Happy anniversary to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge!
But you would eat the food though right??? *waits for response*
no icing on penalty kill, that is why they just slap it all the way down ice. You also can't "sub" on icing (tired, just hit it)
Good morning! Hope you're having a dread-free day!
Ceremony is on ESPN, not NFL Network...
When you're sad you must smile; When you're happy you must laugh; When you're weak you must stay strong!
Rock the Vote has partnered with Microsoft in a move to allow users to register to Vote via Xbox 360. Interesting.
Blues miss on penalty kick. Still up 20-8
WHAT THEY'RE DOING TONGUE TIED OMG
Believe it or not, I'm STILL going round & round with the site host. They seem to think I have nothing else to do but that.
Bye bye, oladipo. :,( Come on Hoosiers!
This weekend is off the hook! Calls coming in, like what?
Working on so many projects, starting to get lost. Good to see progress being made though, makes it all worth it.
She calls n just like that I'm off task again. 10 min convo then ima cut my phone off
met a motivational speaker this morning that his whole focus and point was we need to feel like we are
sent it to your fb :)
Captain America. He's on the wait list.
I didn't know g force was 3d that changes everything! Wait no, it really doesn't
RT : No matter what we've done or where we've been, every single one of us can change.
ah OK. U think y'all got a chance at a final 4 next year or building for 2013?
-- butterfly / what's it dreaming / fanning its wings? #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
as much as I cannot wait for our President to crush Newt in the debates, we the people MUST NOT become complacent. VOTE!
Amari said he wants out #Knicks Fans, #Newyorkers , wheres the #Loyalty at?
ROPERDY 2112. I'm so there.
This is essential.
Enjoying National Symphony Orchestra Pops holiday concert But WHO lets their child wear JINGLE BELLS to a concert?! SO RUDE.
#FF thx&welcomes new follows and Move your way!
pinterest: because there aren't enough people marketing to you on facebook
I'm back in the library...cataloging and listening to WEEI online. I miss Boston sports radio...but not Boston weather.
yes, love that catch-all! juice looks really tasty though!
810 1st Street NE 3rd Floor. It's online. Pls put it in your cell phne.
how's it confusing? haha
i feel trapped .
Half the #money I spend on #advertising is #wasted; the trouble is, I don't know which half." -John Wanamaker. we solve that
I talk to myself all the time RT::just saw Pat Collins talking to himself out loud,is that normal behavior for him? Lol”
You still have time to sign up at the Eggsplosion info table to enter the drawing for a free tour!
Yea. This dog leavin tomorrow waking me up almost 4am. Yeap. Never again my sister better not ask me to dog sit.
for real, I can so use the company :/
Get downtown and have a drink w/Claudia ! She the hottest most fab server #downtownlv!
did you?
see whats going on at freedom plaza
yeah my banks there
Pobrecitas...the Mexican women futbol team is the shortest in the whole tournament, with an average height of 5'3". That's tall in my book!
Good luck and have fun!
Saturday. Chocolate. Heaven.
Happy new year to everyone! We are looking forward to all our exciting projects 2012
In the worst mood and I dont want to eat. No one can make me feel better.
So my wife's cousin doesn't speak English very well, and my wife has promised I "speak Danish." I "hear Danish" much better.
Yes ma'am!! We're good. Everyone's sleeping right now but me!
Relaxing after a great dinner with fam & friends. Blonding color class in the morning...then prep for a video shoot next Monday.
As an educator, this is what concerns me the most; we don't give our kids the chance to discover; it's all about deadlines
Holy bleep balls! Hold onto your top!
When the worst comes to worst my MIND comes first!
TY 4 the mention and reminding me it's
Rob's advocating taking control of what? Anyone?
Big enthusiastic crowd at Bedford's UAW Local 440 event tonight! JDG
A little #NFL draft action.. Love the looks of joy on the player's faces when they're chosen!
Woke up freaking out thinking i was wearing face paint..
All those tornadoes, not 1 person dead. That's how we roll in the dfdub
Drinks at Moe's Irish Pub.
Thank you, you were blowing up my twit feed tonight.....RT Time to call it a night...sleep tight twit fam
ehhh. It was kind of lame to be honest. If you find out where it is just go with someone and volunteer to wait outside
can we get a beatdown like u did chuck the 1st time making em throw in the towel
One does not have a Twitcam while I am at school. I don't want to miss it! :(
Jack3d...all I gotta say
i atually really dont wanna be home alone all weekend
Keep the running up! running in a marathon? 1/2?
My thoughts exactly!
I think a trip to Miller Park is in order soon.
Too late.
I'm working on something, will need a day or two.
miami is a poop, man
Ha… well said.
Good job Alex! Even in the middle of a tornado?
Models, I am going to make your body shape whatever shape/size the client wants anyway, so chill out & stop making yourselves so unhealthy
For the record, you guys are twins. Matching t-shirts, matching projects, and matching lack of shoes...?
Money Over Everything? l0l No One Direction Over Everything! ;) RT If You Love One Direction So Much You'd Do Anything For Them. xx
School is gonna suck today :(
Nice english! <U+263A>
you can say that again.
you better text me over the summer!
lmaooo ! HOLD IT
so who's going home on #DWTS ? better not be my donald!! that man is FINE! and seriously an amazing dancer. and FINE. did i mention that?:)
Hey tweeps! If you're going to Beckett Bowl tonight at Jillian's/Lucky Strike we want to see your twitter updates & pics!
I bet plain, boring, frumpy Fiona from the Ford Tire Event commercials fucks black guys
People look at me weird now. .
Ding dong the dick is dead!! (Muammar Gadaffi) :D
I have nothing to say other than the call for artists is still available on the blog. been a slow week! check it out.
oh it's me
we miss you too<3
Do you go to concerts? how about sports events? or theater events if so if you follow me i give you a discount code so you will get discount
Ever notice how Muffy from Arthur has so much clothes yet she always wears the same thing?
Back in the USA nothing much is different from the UAE except maybe the 60 degrees & the Spanish.
Great round today!! Go you!!
Regret got shit on what you feeling.
Off to London!
You deserve a Oscar for the way you perform!
can I come too?
Solving tech (does "bank" qualify as tech?) issues... Champing at the bit to make some big announcements.
are you doing #art all night?
Official Windows Server 2012 branding, to be released this year.
yeah thats why i got 200 pushups my phone vibrated in his pocket and he was watching me while I was tweeting
I'm hungry i want food .
RIP PEANUT!
Can't wait for Soccer Season to start.
I want him to be principal for a day too - and I'm the school librarian.
that would be nice
Yay to for hitting number 1 with #overyou ! So happy for her! (:
Coughing up a lung.
Some people think It's funny but It's really brown and runny.
My bank is the worst.They're charging me $ for not having enough money in my account.Apparently,I can't even afford to be broke.
social networks don't break up relationships . the shit YOU post on social networks breaks up relationships
Having a great dinner tonight...jerk chicken pasta from Bahama Breeze.
I laughed.
how did i know that? Crazy.
#ThingsBetterThanKevinGregg Mark Reynolds' glove
I know but the books were so good!!!!
Bowman having nice game despite losing #JoePa this morning. Emotions?
Looks like it's going to a gorgeous day out. I'll spend it inside sitting in the darkness of my cubicle... No it's cool. I'll be alright.
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer35
And I do think there need to be major changes so the Pro Bowl is watchable... I just don't want the plug pulled.
Twin Cities traffic what the fuck happened?
RT : This is going to work or it doesn't
Line for #ipad2 at #sxsw is slightly shorter - only 2 blocks. I guess that's something.
I'm Gonna Live My Life.
Now Wanting to Go to the Club ^.^
Well Jen I figured you needed to see our faces every now and then especially Elvis's he is more of behind the scene dog :-)
I want a "we all we got" chant going tomorrow!
How can boys not throw a baseball?
Might that have something to do with Eclipse getting a Best Picture nod?
tell me about it. Had to pull out winter coat for the boy today. And buckets on my plants outside..:)
Meeko fell off the bed! <U+E412>
So not looking forward to this afternoon. Dentist :(.
3g sucks ass in this fucking school
I love how all these people tweeted for me cause I didn't know how... Well I found out.! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Shouts out to Jeezy for coming to thx!! Also love to for assisting LOL and of corse for jus being SS PCR
did you guys have this summit in the Bahamas a few years back or that was a different group?
about to knock out :(
Personal lesson for today: playing basketball in hiking sandals in not a good idea. Thank you Lord for Advil.
Busy night of crashes NB5, SB99 (twice) including right now + Hotel Fire in SnoCo -- Join & the others for rt.now
me too, but we will be ok!
you say that like it's suppose to be a really bold prediction. Sounds more like somethin our buddy would tweet.
It will definitely be a crazy weekend, which is why a nice dinner on Sun will be a welcome reward! Thai?
Thanks for the RT!
OH..by the way..WILL trade/barter for certain services or records!
If we r2 strengthn & maintain our optimism . . it is essential tht we interact w people who accept us & from whom we gather strength.-Segal
he said I only have 1 minute and 60 seconds left to get to class, whaa? okay so basically 2 minutes?
25 Did you ever meet the Boyz?
Thank you Adam for following!
No can do!
Your outta here
Help us spread the word and get The Alpha Agency more likes! They'll be doing some great things for the Ohio music scene!
If it weren't for me having a daughter here i would up and move out of this country forever!
At the Tufte seminary on information display. Evidence may be beautiful indeed.
just found out that my second aunt who we are close to died :( she was really ill and she is in a better place now with Jesus.
WHY IS L.A. SO FAR AWAY
Guess what I got today?!? (; -Kayla
Don't you hate those relationships where.Sometimes, your just friends. Sometimes, your more than friends. Often times your just a stranger.
I'm 100% Kentuckian. Get outta here with that "semi" stuff.
3% more. You wanna take that, fine. Durant still has more pts, boards, wins
That's quite an idea! What did you have in mind? An in-person extension of the game show?
NOBODY should be getting spam from us anymore, our password is changed now!
preparing for tomorrow...excited to see everyone at #SACFair!
any one tryin to buy a 16g 2nd gen ipod touch?
hey new friends
I hate when I get my hopes up for no reason.
I updated the website w/ 2 posts- one on info our big fundraiser and another from
nah just independent homie...
Oops! Obviously I was tired when I wrote it, ahah. Thanks for letting me know. How's Avengers?
Just had a fab coffee chat with Miss Bizgal herself, Amanda Guralski ()! What a great role model for anyone pursuing a dream!
Tonight we have and in the house for you tonight! Guestlist is free until 11 then only $10 all night after that!!!!!!
wat go down
I'm visiting you this week! I'm visiting a Museum-A-Day for
here here! RT : Never forget how awesome you are, despite what anyone says.
oh no!! I'm sorry to hear that :(
byee I guess?
HAHAHAHA. I love it. I might have the image bookmarked.
I hate wearing my mom's jeans! Why can't she buy me my own pants????
He should feel a lot better afterwards but we can't really do anything until it's finished.
#WeWontWorkOutIf: You don't get along with my dad or my papaw
yes i am..100%. i'm working on deleting the fakes
gabe carimi... what are your thoughts ?? PS he's from the cheese state ... he must be pissed Lmao
who you got as finals winnet?
holy crap haha
Do you have a television at your business? What are you feeding it? Or should I ask: What's it feeding you and your customers?
jay-maht jah-maht jaw-mawt. It totally was that night! And I just got rid of that t a week ago.
Prepare for war. The Battle for Bill Graham Tix is about to go down!
Happy National Dance Week! We're posting dance content all week to celebrate! How will you show your appreciation for dance this week?
Just deleted Facebook and I feel free...
Who went to 45 Degrees for Poppins goes Pop last night? Or to El Meson for dinner? Thanks to our awesome partners for these fundraisers!
hey there! happy friday..... hows TO treatin ya!?
Birthday shoutouts to and ! Enjoy your day and celebrate all week!
sure thing man. surely awesome.
Is that your daughter playing on the youtube vids? She's very good, lots of grit, scary to get on stage to sing and play.
Great safety play defense with such tenacity and zeal...
For a FREE review of your business I.T Including Networking, Backups, Servers, Software & more, contact
ha that's awesome. Where is that? I haven't seen one of those in the wild in years. Surprised the sticker held up that well!
The time my mom dropped her towel because she thought the house was on fire, now #thatsscary!!!
do y'all sell wholesale for storefronts?
Vacancies – Applied Ecologists
Ah I thought I read it on Facebook could be wrong.
lol you have to go, I don't wana hear sennie bitch at us. But umm idk lol just get there and see what time you get off.
The movie Keith<3 so sad in some parts though :(
At rehearsal!!! <3
Back then I had a dream, since then I've been sleepwalking
A fool lets fool affect their life.
Something's missing and I don't know what it is at all
Thanks for the RTs! :) Houston is one of my favorite cities for dining!
thankyou honestly were all born in america were fuckin american goddammit lmao
I'll tell you about it when I get to Cali b/c I need some serious advise
They OK with changing out of their Boogie Cousins authentics?
The Jewish Beastie Boy who died last week.
how rude
thanks for the retweet!
i'd have to say just COPEnhagen
DO U REALISE HOW MUCH U MAKE GIRLS GO CRAZAAAY?
I couldn't agree more!
fear that i'm going bald....that means I'm growing out my hair
thanks! My sister took it :)
please stop shouting at me. I have sensitive ears.
Why aren't you, following me, your favorite PM at VSA? I am hurt, upset, saddened, itchy, and angry.
Wouldn't it be funny if put their Ga St copyright ruling coverage behind a paywall?
I'm not a defender of MLS but the readers wanted your blood for your swipe at soccer not being major. You still feel the same way?
In-flight wifi makes the trip to great
Digital Camera RAW update for iPhoto, Aperture posted
": if she's had sex with all 15 of her boyfriends does it make her a slag?" Hm.. idk lol
TNT and TBS: branded video destinations
good luck!! Im sure youll do fine
COME ON ARSENAL AND WEST HAM
KEEP IT UP BOY
Yeah! 2 in a row for the #cubbies !!!
Yeah :) It Actually Made My Whole Entire Day! When We Were In Line For The Mett N Greet I Showed The Cast The Refridgerator D
The sun might have been out today, but the passing of Dave Neihaus still makes Seattle the Wet City. Only wet w/ our tears. Fly away, Dave.
your fans Love you that is y we are tweeting you a lot.
See, these are the kinds of out of the box ideas we need.
Lmfao! How is there gonna be a ' health on earth ' facility next to a tattoo shop
you want some cereal? NO, Nirvana sounds nice though.
your new photoset makes us want to throw you a party. bring the model...
The Pro Bowl was so bad I did school work instead of watching it
Does anyone have any questions on setting up the new timeline pages? I would love to answer them!
awe :D thank you, wee needa chill real soon(:
We will pushing our website launch date to July 5th...We thank you for your patience.
Yall think I should make a "I Dont Like" (Remake)
Self-love for ever creeps out, like a snake, to sting anything which happens to stumble upon it. --Lord Byron
Idk why ppl really be expecting my respect without giving it to me, silly humans
why aren't u answering ur phone
close it was Wallace and Ladmo
Have a good night fellow tweeters
I'm an asshole and I'm proud.
Will we be able to follow a live feed?
I actually looked at the yearbook today. I thought it couldn't be that awful. Its fucking atrocious.
Why did the chicken go to the concert??
Still blown away by set this morning at artisan! He was spinning some fire
go go power rangers
I can't believe I'm saying this...but any dunkin donuts has such GREAT coffee!! I'm in Los angeles, and we don't have that
Had a fun lunch with ! Sounds like the Success Luncheon on Nov. 10 is going to be fantastic.
IF SUMBODY DNT LIKE YOU THEN WHY THEY AWHH IN MY SHIT???
Thanks! Glad you like our craft, we have a lot of fun making them! :)
Omg me too. And then when he followed me.... Best. Day. Ever.
amen to that!!!
Business registration: check. Woot!
One team one dream???
I wanna go home and CREATE but this money kinda got me tied down.
#askdemi What made you do this documentary?!
Chris Polk runs a 4.46 40 yard dash at the NFL combine. He looked disappointed, even though it shouldn't hurt his stock.
#backwheniwasakid nickelodeon & disney channel had the best tv shows
I've watched about 3 mins of #TheVoice and I'm already hooked! Who else is watching?
That guy is so ugly they only want u for yo money
3 alarms set for the morning...
Follower(S)
Anyone know of a good iPhone app to make my photos look all vintage and artsy?
yeah the diamondback won !!!! good job guys....
*stands on porch, takes deep breath to calm myself. Looks towards the woods, then at house* screw the sweater. Its not that cold.
get outta here. We coming down for memorial weekend though
they say the weirder your dreams the more creative you are
me to! Lol
Silver Stars lead Minnesota 23-17 at halftime
It's been listed everywhere I've looked. Where aren't you seeing it?
They say he went to a nearby school for at-risk kids. What did he do to have to b sent there?
My friends turned on gay boyband music. I locked myself in bathroom screamed rock band songs until I literally started coughing up blood.:-(
well you will eventually.
I love the Liquid-Plumber Double Impact commercial. It makes me laugh everytime.
this song hasn't stopped playing for the past 12 hours ... They were great
when are you done work freak?
that was supposed to be a smiley face! :)
“: Awesome having and working with us. They rock.” -- damn straight they rock. Hope you're well.
Since when did it become socially acceptable for you to fuck your girlfriend in the middle of the school hallway?
Matt Damon
That is right. Each plan does come with a 60 day free trial. If you have any questions, let us know support(at)simplegeo(dot)com
Do vegetarians eat animal crackers?
He said you were great! Said he was glad he attended! (His student Rachel performed.)
Feed The D will be at the Novi Expo in June!
what is good? Big shout out to my newest followers, songs up soon!
Happy Birthday to the best father in the world! I love you John Myatt and you are deeply missed. If you were here I would still say the same
I Was The 1st & Damn There Only Niggga Sippn Syrup On #ARC Campus On <U+E420>s Ahaha
Anyone out there have an extra ticket to today's Brewers game and need someone to go with?
Fluffy white stuff...
Cinco de drink-o!
did you already get rid ofo your MC ticket for the Columbus game? If not, I would love to come get it!
It's not coming on tomorrow anymore.
glorious day in the melting peach! Git on down to the cow and moodown on some tasty chips and queso, wash her down with a $5 rita! Giddy Up!
Excellent. P.S. I'm really digging your Jason Priestly T-shirt in your picture. Haha!
what gloomy weather here in LA reminds me of my hometown. #missing Europe so much right now
count me in
favorite iphone app?
Booktext looks worth a try. Collaborative authoring is so important.
r u coming here?? Stay the night
Leo's tonight my dude!!
Car crash with injuries at East 25th and Moline. Cops en route.
C.J. Watson (in my Stacey king voice)
Private tour of the picasso exhibit this morning made me realize I need to spend some time in there to really see it.
“: Yeah I can't even f*ckin sleep.” k tweet abt it
People who do not clean up after their pets, really piss me the hell off. Clean up after your damn pet, especially at parks. Kids play there
Now listing to Lil Kim Hard Core, just can't enough kim now that's my high!!!
Use this coupon for $39.99; full discount off 97 min Battle of Atlanta Video; go to www.xwarrior.tv; use coupon at checkout! Enj
#musicprobz “: Minor 7th chords are so beautiful.”
It is not joy that makes us grateful. It is gratitude that makes us joyful
Parents 'helped son cover up model's murder' The son of a wealthy jeweller strangled his model girlfriend in bed before his parents helpe
you're a second person to say that.
Just had a fast funn practice.. Damn was it awesome to play don't mean a thing! U told him Davey "paw" Mann these #pabst rr delicious!cheers
Sometimes you have to forget what you feel and remember what you deserve.
: Rhetoric is that point in space-time where a resistable force meets a movable object.
thank you!!!
Masters are in.. Loving them!!
It's young money motha fucka if ya ain't running with it run from it motha fucka
Admittedly feeling like the chicest thing on the block until I stepped out my front door and saw a Neapolitan mastiff get into a Town Car.
Make a wish and hope it's good cause we don't always get the second wish or that second chance
That was no dream, I'm coming for you
He blocked me and told me my tweets were stupid.
"Maybe some women aren't meant to be tamed. Maybe they need to run free until they find someone just as wild to run with them."
Everyone should go check out his movie hyphen
both of y'all sleep!
OMG SAME!
Trev starts against Colorado tomorrow. Who's side do I pick?
And yet, that doesn't seem like enough time!
Hey, follow me back?
If you gunna take it you better make it #<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
... but Aaron you will be the one smiling when you come into work in a week not your CEO
I thought conservatives believed that the only way for govt. to create jobs was to get out of the way?
please text me... when you text me you make my day:)
My trust is in Cal to get the job done. The beauty is as a UK fan we need not worry about recruiting anymore.
There is nothing more unequal than the equal treatment of unequals.
Purple kush comes in pounds, roll it up...then blow it down
Last Year Alive!
Who's going to the big screen tomorrow? <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7>
his whole knee is gone ACL and MCL I believe.
Miss Universe Australia 2011 Scherri-Lee Biggs will be in attendance at the 21st Century Financial Education.
": Doing defensive slides on a slippery court... #BasketballProblems" these are the WORST!
Wow, #CILDC tweet archive just zoomed past 1100 - lots of keynote tweets.
Since the Mics in our pic belong to THE TEEN IDOLS we thought we should let everyone know they've decided to call it quits after 18 years!
Looking for 9-15 people to play in 10-16 team Fantasy League in Denver area. Live Draft will be next SatorSun.Fee is only 25-50.Send Message
It was great to see check in last week!
Melo can close games sorry bro
Great to see you last night I'm interning with the so hopefully we run into each other at the AT&T center again!
should have asked for fries
There comes a time when the mind takes a higher plane of knowledge but can never prove how it got there ~ Albert Einstein
Loofah Cookies are the BEST, when it comes to cleansing the skin, it's a 4x4 flat piece of loofah hand dipped in Goats milk based soap
My dogs are to funny, mailman gives them treats just about everyday and they still wanna rip in to him.....don't know why
follow !! listen to their music at www.myspace.com/poemaofficial
Family dominoes: I clearly played the best, my mom clearly won...
gud about time bc we been gone to damn long
a country that treats people fairly would be much cooler.
gerbe and ennis are clearly the future.......and the future's so bright I gotta wear shades
Start your week off right with breakfast!
Filed under "Things I'm very comfortable not understanding."
if he goes to the Celtics I'm never watching the NBA again
Barcelona Vs Real Madrid can't wait!!!!!
Man the heat might not lose a game the entire playoffs.
What ? I can't have a panda ??
let me keep this short and sweet you're the prettiest thing i ever did see (skin and bone ROAR)
Wow. Over the rainbow indeed. Junior #Seau. Goodnight.
You are too sweet!
get ready for cold gel on your abdomen it's a bit uncomfortable but other then that it's not that bad Good Luck!
WE HAVE SOME WINNERS
.. With millions of followers and dont give there fans the time of day.. Fuck it hire someone to do it for ya... One day
Helps us spread the word that we will be closed on Thursday for Thanksgiving. Get your fix now! Pls RT!
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. Scratch where it itches.
camping outside of paved numbered sites should now be considered a priveledge...not a right
Cool remix of "superstition"
#nowfollowing you back , thanks for the follow!
Hope sees the invisible, feels the intangible and achieves the impossible
Texting a boy for 5 minutes & he already used "whose" instead of "who's" and "your" instead of "you're"
Yay!!! RT : &amp; next week I will be visiting the space for
I was a huge Taz fan and they had him in a rivalry with Jerry Lawler? WTF
I've just applied for the position via LinkedIn. :)
#bdwupgrade How does an "idea" differ in the digital realm versus traditional advertising like braodcast and print?
hoho fiction and fact dance practice ^^.
oh no, the game is def theres. Though I'm a bit surprised - the game has gone back & forth quite a bit today. O's arent making it
love to discuss the future of PLE. one of the seven fantastic Tools
just gettin outta school finally.. wbu
Thanks, Sherry! Made it on #Yahoo several years ago.
RT - Jus got a dope Cleveland Indians snap. Some real old school shit not the Mitchell n Ness
#ItsAPirateLifeForMe This Summer We Makin Blockbusters
Happy New Year doll! Welcome to Prosperity!!!
Bonus: We'll have kid (& maybe even dog) hackers on-site to liven up tomorrow! cc
yea just landed
This weather is beautiful and confusing.
why would I hate you ? I don't have to tell Austin if you dont want me to
Rocking some 's been one hell of a fight!
FOLLOW ME
RT : heeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!! << how's the Fam?? Yankees vs Braves in a few weeks.
cucumber salad was much easier than I expected! Cucs, dill, onion, white wine vinegar, sugar, and salt.
That was lunch. More margaritas tonight in Augora.
Tip of the Day: When teeth start to appear in children, brush them with a child’s size toothbrush and plain water.
I like Nashville (picked them over DET) but don't think they have the horses to contend with either LAK or STL.
Let's get it Heat! King James is about to handle this!
Way to show some love!
ur like me. hungry all the time :-)
I may as well go ahead and put a pot of coffee of now. has already passed me twice.
Happy Birthday Jimmy Page
Anyone interested in creating advocacy group to sue Steve Wynn , Jon Kyl, Harry Reid, and Caesars for corruption , please dir me.
Developing a 3-hour "intro to archives" course for local government records management officers. So much to cover.
Don't you forget about me
Oops ;) you will probably book it though...!
#ArianaMadeOurYear!!!! Love u
isn't that the key to presentations, telling stories?
good morning! new items are up!
Watching the original Danish version of the Killing
In math with
You know you live in the back woods when everyone on your bus has a chew in haha and when it takes about 2 hrs to get home :/
Without question.
Who is gonna stop these #lakings?!?
I hope I get to see this weekend!! I miss her :(
False friends are like our shadow, keeping close to us while we walk in the *sunshine,* but leaving us when we cross into the *shade.* ....
its so nice to know i dont have any reading/gazillion questions to do over summer break
that looks like fun, but the real best party in #solar is the Milwaukee Solar Tailgate we do here! ;)
Just a reminder that we do have #NHL Center Ice for all you hockey fans in #Madison!
Dead. Already.
will have to check the hotel out next time we visit relatives in boise. Always looking for venues to display healthy chocolate
garyirodriguez The fiercest dragon sleeps in peace, while the disquieted sheep fear the famished wolves.
Herman Cain should be criticized by the republicans.
The future of work & innovation: Platforms, Parallelization, Productivity -
Think Ima go home tonight, I just wanna lay in my bed and sleep good. Over it....
yeaa same here...unless there mixed with asian or indian it may pass...depends
A great many thanks to Thomas from ReachLocal for bringing us coffee today. We are enjoying it!
All the best people have birthdays today: you, me, Duke Ellington, Michelle Pfeiffer, Uma Thurman, Daniel Day Lewis...
Another quiz which is my favorite band
Even if your interview is on the radio, visuals are a good idea. Visuals give the radio reporter or host something to see and talk about.
Aww ! I didn't even notice if you were at lunch or not :/
Yes those good old days when I had nothing to worry about but boy bands. LOL
i decided long ago. Never to walk in anyone's shadow. If I fail, if I succeed, at least I lived as I believed.
Just heard the craziest story.... My brother met one of justin's old friends from Canada tonight in Myrtle. #WhytheHELLwasntIthere... FUCKKK
I ate the mango skins
"We Are The Endless Colors Of God's Perfect Rainbow" A quote From the Book "Color Me love by" Tsikki Thau
At the LATFOB this weekend inspired by ,
Let me do all the thing you want me to do cus tonight baby I want to get freaky with you
follow me please i love your44t6
I mean what the hell perez. Too tired to type
Rip Joe Frazier great icon. You left your legacy for us to remember.
You deserve someone who can make you a better person. Someone who will never give up on your weakness.
Tamron, you look absolutely stunning
That's proof of God's love right there.
were you distributed by Hal Leonard
way to clap back bro....
Want perfectly poreless skin? New trick pair pore-filling primer with a velvet- finish foundation. Let primer sit for 3 minutes then apply
Lmfaooo ! Tyler the creators punk'd episode is funny as fuck !!!!! <3 Gotta Love him .
is distributing farm-to-table in Jamaica, Queens.
These niggas trippin to yall? The straight to me.
RT would be cool if kids had to dissect and identify components of dead electronic devices the way they do dead frogs.
As a #Ravens fan, I really hope the San Diego game is flexed out of primetime. I want the next 4 games to be as business-like as possible.
thank you so much. you're wonderful.
call us @ 1-888-fix-iPhone
Half baked Pizza available upon request. Finish it at home & enjoy the “Just Baked” sensation!
Stake out. Could be big news. More to follow.
: I struggle with the mess. But soaking it and letting it sit overnight w/ suds usually does the trick!
Cheap shot by Giroux and Hamels intentionally throwing at Harper..stay classy Philly
I've never cared for someone so much as how I cared for you.
So tempted to put in work... But gotta obey my pops..
I smack around every weekend he knows better.
Our intention creates our reality. ~Wayne Dyer
Father of The Bride! Thanks Lifetime
LOTS of lower el teachers in my building are hooked on it. I kinda thought it was silly til they persuaded me!
Does Chance _ever_ go to his right, to the byline? Feels like he ALWAYS comes back
and whats the deal with tonight ? Are we on in the Studio Beatzz?
den dont say "txt me" daang
Hooked on "Draw Something" but weird that people wouldn't know what "Vegas" is or who "Beatles" are...? ("Latte" and "Adele" ok though!)
Home working on a projects. Wassup?
Only www.knowledgesafari.com has #reviews by and for the #specialneeds community. Have u wrttien a review yet? Pls RT!
I've done a lot of difficult things in my day, but by far the hardest so far has been trying to focus on exams as a senior
20 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CONGRATULATIONS!!!! <U+2665>
I get so lonely cause I don't have a boyfriend!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> any volunteers???
Who came into my Starbucks today looking for me?
Opening act tonight is comprised of 15 year olds. Lead singer in braces and an adidas track suit. Currently covering Radar Love. LOVE IT.
Good Morning Tweeters!!! Time to enjoy the weekend..
"I didn't know i was allowed to write my own opinion. Where's the citation for that?" -actual student comment.
the one by my apartment does.
Not typical of a Saturday but was in my office all day. #Intuit Small Business Support is my friend.
Boys that dance fast <
Thanks man! Glad you guys caught up.
Affinia isn't too far. Rooms are small, though. W-Lakeshore, maybe. Beldon-Stratford is right there, but so-so.
Western Summit next weekend would be a great venue
Hey lady! When you getting in?
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband
LEADBELLIES!!!! PRUNE BROTHERS!!! UNITE!!!! THIS FRIDAY BE DAMNED, HELL WILL SPILL FROM THE MAW OF THE CORRUPT
#20ThingsAboutMe 6.) I'm tongue tied, and I hate it.
It's good morning by now, so good evening to you! I'm still getting accustomed to this whole Twitter business.
And in other news, I hate being a chick. How are you all? :)
Thanks Alison! Good to see you online again post-CALICO
I dig it! Flashback Friday, it is! ;)
When the fuck are you going to realize im not one of your fucking ex bfs?
What are you doing! Get out of there, you sell out!!
I mean I don't want to sound..idl what I'm talking about I do bug I don't right now. *but
at the kick-a-thon raising money for Relay For Life cancer research
Who started this new bay shit.
Hey! Were you in the PW program?
I don't drink very often...but I'd love to be drunk right about now...
Loud music audible at my house 2 miles from campus on game day - very exciting. On a work night - super annoying. Meh... Grand Prix!
"Silence" Is The BEST Payback To Every UNGRATEFUL Person Out There!!
Darren is close getting his first feature film deal!
Ur tweets be so real.... lol... thats why i followed u!!! :)
Watching this 48 hours where the girl was too sheltered and turned rebellious.. this is going to be me. :o
WHAT'S WRONG U JETLOUS LMAO
no fair. I wish I was able to go to LA. :(
Watching A Bug's Life in my mom's office. I used to watch this movie all the time when I was little!
GameFly is sending me Uncharted 3: Drake's Deception PS3 & Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood 360.
That awkward moment i had no idea someone tweeted that.. im just singing gaga lyrics from Highway Unicorn..
Smart, intuitive, able to work in teams, great interpersonal skills, enthusiastic: what Nutter is looking for in new hires
Morning twitter , GREAT morning ^_^
Watching true life I have orthorexia all I want to do is yell at these people to go to McDonald's
& I'm out playing pool "/
I'm glad i look like a straight scrub today..
What about zombie night at an outdoor history museum? Would it fly? Sounds terrific to me.
Feel free to check out my new book titled "Consequeces" by Yolanda Flournah-Perkins. Based on a true story of my life. Enjoy!
Whatup big homie, let me holla at you when you get a minute
<whistling> <twiddling thumbs>
hmm methinks we need to get some speaking gigs in NZ, guys.
Telling someone who self-harms to 'just stop doing it' is like telling a drug addict to sit in a room full of drugs and touch nothing.
I make a great first impression.. People usually have to learn to dislike me! :)
I'm bummed that I missed the event at Mullets the other night! I planned to stop by but didn't realize that it ended at 7:30
I think this breach just proves the "Big Miss" that is the PCI requirements. They can't secure their own environments.
anything you'd recommend?
Love the whole Ricky Martin. Happy birthday commercial on #grammys Real nice!
But the professional diversity is even better: grad students, faculty, librarians, higher ed IT people, community college, etc.
Loved seeing our hotel and Citrus Restaurant on last night! We had a great time hosting y'all!
my bby like tht wid me..he want his daddy
I never know what to post on facebook anymore.
What The Heck Is This Thing? via
Everything I've learned from past relationships has brought me here, and I can honestly say I am completely in love.
Good habit to break RT i remember when i used to smoke i hid that shit from my dude.even if he caught me high i still used to lie
Wednesday is fast approaching and along with it WCA Chapter 8 at PushPush Theater, 9pm. Look upon us and despair!
Reminder of the day: Slowdown; at least long enough to think. I am going to be a shoe-in for Home Depot's
that cookie <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> something's wrong with me lol
Hey newspaper readers, do you read the front page all at once, then pick up the jumps as you encounter them, or read the jumps one by one?
lol! will it traumatize me?! I'm going to watch it!
It wasent my fault.
Awesome time at the ITExpo in Miami. Congrats to the guy who won the car and a shout out to for a great video presentation
May life bring you the finest #blessings!
yes... i find facebook approaches odd on many levels. maybe it wil move to singapore? :?
As someone who works for both large and small nonprofits, I don't find that to be true. Put the amt in context & emotion scales.
We just went over 10,000 followers on !
So....how's everyone's brackets looking? Still got all Final Four teams in?
Met a friend at the National Gallery and saw the exhibit Colorful Realm: Japanese Bird-and-Flower Paintings by Ito Jakuchu. Beautiful.
Happy Frozen Food Month! Have a Pizza Roll...
Temple run is so addicting (:
i'm sorry but i decided to stay home so i wasn't tardy and get probation xD but you know i luv ya
Check out my post about Lark Voohies
Go #Chargers!
I'm reading Wicked Plants by Amy Stewart.
Fac. Dev. Session (NW College) BL course design and implementation increased confidence w/ tech
dm. Does that interest include pilots for us?
OH: she had a trash stash of ants. (cc: )
Aw! Yay! Sorry I haven't been keeping up on my blogs like I used to. LOL.
How u doing im watchin this raven steeler game
Golden Oreos for "lunch"... Yum...
lol Where you @?
"Best. Best. Best. Best. Best. Best. Best. Best..." This boy knows his stuff!
Thanks for the #FF. Right back at you!
no but it sounds awesome. Share?
Thank you to #emhe for all the work in Joplin. For those of us who lost family during the tornado, it truly makes a difference.
from now on im not answering to KHIRAN u call me Mikael or Mojo
A thing is right when it tends to preserve the integrity, stability, and beauty of the biotic community.
Good God, Steve. I think you caught someone's bad luck. :/
Maybe... I see in your bio that you're a "proud Chicagon". Does that mean you're a Bulls fan?
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen you miss a step
This Paper should have only taken me 40 min to do... but with the help of Facebook, Twitter, ITunes, Texting and Fruit Ninja it took 2 hours
#20ThingsAboutMe 13. My mom finally caught me in a blatant lie just a month ago. After 18 years.
Oh lol. Well I'm checking out this dude's studio and he's got some great gear. Maybe one day I'll get to record you! :)
wow you tweet a lot of quotes haha
Thanks, Sir! Wasn't that just taken last week in our Area 51c?
30% off per day
haha you're perfect. I'm stuck at work for another half hour then going to a party
you thirsty right now son lol sit back ... Grab a snack .... And watch da money pile up lol #MList M is for million my nig
I love you too. =)
Watched Dispicable Me with my family.
Have you heard of the resume element that can make your qualifications stand out among other job hunters and get you into more interviews?
Tweet us what part of the world you're from!
Can't wait to worship w/ the ALWC fam this morning. Starting a brand new teaching series "ASK-SEEK-KNOCK".
"are you gonna play anthony green?" ...... "are you gonna play baby girl?"
Congrats !!!! I love you!
um, DUH.
You either have to be first, best or different ~ Loretta Lynn RT :
let me know how it is yo
true. We need someone else on the pitching staff. Going into the season with what we have, not looking good.
I Hit My Twitter Follow Limit. Seems u can only follow 2K peeps b4 twitter cuts you off. I need more followers so i can follow u back!
I love buying things for other people. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Yep, 64 days and I am excited and kind of nervous I am forgetting to do something! haha thx for reaching out :)
#WeWontWork for free!
How are my followers doing so far ?
If u wanna get down on these hairy balls why don't you jump rigjt in, its a crothch party right up in here
You can write off any hard costs you had in setting up sites, etc. But you can't write off the income, b/c it was service income
What's good with cha Brah. Been a min
Anyone want to skype with me? :c
Nice shoutout to in Kevin Spacey tribute at
Today sucks
Hating Cousins Subs! It is not a deal if you add things I said I DON'T want to my sub!
to be fair that's a pretty loaded question
Download any songs and get my Ebook, "Found Ground" on me, Andrea!
Craziest #marcfail ever...chugging backward because someone "forgot" a wheelchair on the Odenton platform. This raises so many questions.
Ps...I'm drunk
LMAO...“: Haha RT Congrats to #Avengers...you just helped Disney pay for #JohnCarter...”
Being sick also means you get ~ 500 tweets behind in 2 days - Huh.
I enjoyed that collapse very much.
Is it bad to wanna beat the SNOT out of someone else's kid for bullying ur kid???
slam poets ha!
I like seeing Durant participating in sports
does jt have ps3 or xbox 360?
#TEDMED : Interfaith effort put forth Daniel Plan to promote healthy living thru religious communities. Have lost 250,000 lbs.
I just remembered it's friday the 13th. o:
Meredith College Reaches Out to Spanish-Speaking Applicants: Meredith College has developed a "College... dlvr.it/mBXj1
One of the most exciting Finishes of a championship in sports history. Fan or not gotta give props to Man City. For that last min. Comeback
Busy day tomorrow. Take care of business.
What the heck was that?
Nobody promised it would be easy they promised it would be worth it.
Good morning #tweeps!
Hey, some of our locations do, and they might just be coming back to more of them next year ;-)
That's Jay I am quoting by the way
Time to go back to #Kindergarten! "Eye see these Squares <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00B2> don't fit in my circle <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00B4>" so duck duck goose.... N!&&@$ <U+2605>Da Public's Eye<U+2605>
My life starts again at 2 p.m. tomorrow.
Cool. Thanks! Will try to swing by there tomorrow.
Followed Back :)
What kind of work do you hope to do?
Get it girl Good Luck! <3
This girl is incredibly hot at the moment!!!!!!!!!!
Bob's Burgers rules. Have you seen Regular Show on Cartoon Network? It's hilarious.
- hm ... worried about a certain wager?
I'm quickly learning that I make a decent Cyrano de Bergerac, though I lack the extruding nose...
The best thing about growing older is that now you don't feel the need to impress anyone.
Putting his invaluable tweets aside, you should follow for his cat avatars :-)
Darvish is getting stroked
please follow and let her know i sent yuuuuu she is an amazing singer!
Oh that's the way to do it
omgg can't wait for those it's gunna be like Christmas morning <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
When I played with it last Prezi was like power point on steriods
Dinner at the MG Invite, pulled pork sandwiches, worth the trip.
Butler Vo-Tech, A.W. Beattie, Forbes, Penn St. Beaver : Here's looking at you.
I know. NASCAR does not want to see a Tuesday race. They'll do anything it takes to get that race going
Enjoying 's talk at #sxsw. Going to play around with SuperBetter. Who wants to be my ally?
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 42
Do you know where you're going when you die?
Got some cool things in store for tomorrow night at D-Fest! Anyone that brings us CHICKFILA sweet tea tomorrow will get a free CD.
Looking for some fun new jewelry and accessories? Stop by Beauty Store and check out our oh-so-cute necklaces, earrings, rings, and more!
We leave on the 10th! Right after graduation :)
awesome poster! Do you think you can bring it with you of we have a #Movember #meetup?
I hope you'll consider bringing back in 2011. North Texas needs to experience her music more often.
I could take you.
I wanted to throw up halfway through that.
Hah, no you're not alone!
#6WordSciFiStory - Teleportation insurance is expensive but necessary.
a bunch of drafts that didn't go through at certain shows all went out tonight. sorry about that!
I did! And it rocks.
Hey Copper Bowl...do we need a reservation? What a disappointment.
twitter's overwhelming. if you want to talk, facebook me!! ELLICE PARK, im probly the only one !! :) bye bye bye bye
Trombone for the win! Nice!
its all over now baby blue
its happened before but then again tonight
#museum friends: I need ex's of traveling exhibits that don't look like a sci fair board or an airport kiosk. Is mobile + pretty possible?
I believe that baby Jesus would want to open for Jordan knight in Atlanta. I do too.
LAST DAY!!! EVA's Annual Query Contest~ DEADLINE is Sept. 15th!!!! Final round judge of bit.ly/nLdtqn
I'm sleeptweeting!
haha honestly I think you hate every player if they don't play for the Steelers hahaha(: jk
I'm watching Snow White and The Seven Dwarfs lol luv this movie
Test tweet
I mention Rome, ga.
Beautiful day for baseball
Did you ever watch a dream manifest?
1 year anniversary of #thedecision today so I'm taking my talents to athens tonight
you can give a damn but you cant give a fuck.
I guess it is possible for anyone to hack in to an account - my postings today have not been my own - beware of ads from me!
Makn moves today
is experiencing technical difficulties. If you are trying to reach me on my cell apologies - go luck!! :-)
another great show buuuuuuudddyy
Oh well it aint our fault she cant stop gettin into stuff
Ugh the last exam in my Vet Tech subject for Penn Foster doesn't work! :(
If I were a checkbook, where would I be?
Yep! “: Oh, you talk shit about our mutual friend to me? I can't wait to leave so you can talk shit about me too.”
Hmm- who got for the nba. U got the inside scoop Mami? Happy new year - let me know if u want party for new years
wow... I hope you aren't mad they won, with your circumstantial due factor! Bad call! Big W for the boys
p.s I am in the class and loving it. Really helpful class.
m Oh well. Sorry I was being a jerk there. I was just tired.
Thank you Lauren! Let's make this final push for our future, Baltimore! “: +1 for !”
yea, the amalah thing. Like I said, I know it's 'old news' but it's super creep.
Sorry to bring up bad memories :( But I'm glad you enjoyed the quote!
it really annoyed me that after the merger only a few guys got pushed. RVD, Dudleys were exceptions
Hopping in the shower...have Basketball Wives playing in my bathroom as I shower.
do you guys still have t-shirts?! I've been at work all day and don't want to wear my Unofficial shirt 3 years in a row!
Bookend workouts with healthy snacks or meals to get the most out of them! Fuel before and refuel after!
that is so true. He is pretty hilarious. Also he likes your hair :)
LANE LANE LANE!
"True enjoyment comes from activity of the mind and exercise of the body; the two are united." -Alexander von Humboldt
i love it more.
I'm always tired during the day, and I think it's because I'm a night owl. I wake up at 10 p.m. and can't fall asleep until 1 or so.
Not to be all bloodthirsty and shit, but If they found bin Laden after he had already died from kidney failure or something
Just cost me 80 bucks to fill up the land rover. Holy crap.
hi gal am jst new to twitter how u doing.
#GAlivestream me too!
If hell is other people, then, considering we're born wedded to ourselves and incapable of filing for divorce, where are we when alone?
“: you are so talented! I love how you put The Crue first on it. #cruetiltheend” HELL YES, thanks for noticing!
#eluna09 picked up a couple of useful Access function tips I can use right away from Michael North's session this am
You niggas ain't real & I only got 1 letter for y'all, The letter P.
Thats that shit I don't like <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
thank you for supporting our team :)
singing and playing tonight in Metuchen NJ at Novita, 7 - 11 PM. Come by and say hello!
And the Bucs were doing so well a little while ago...Ah well. Rooting for the Underdogs is kinda fun, and that, dear folks, is what we are.
Hearing a bro tell his bros about craft beer. Totally want to give him a bro-five, bro.
never read one of her books
I just ate dinner so now it's nap time. After my nap it will be time to get get up so I can go to bed....grunt
Thank you! (some person randomly unfollows) <- lol
Do you seek competition or do you wait to get hit over the head by it?
#np climax - usher
Russia, Russia, Russia here we come!
In the Music meeting
I finally got my head together; now my body is falling apart.
i didnt want this kind of icecream but it was good
It's Sunday and my 2yr old asked me why i wasn't watching
looking forward to seeing you tomorrow!
Wtf is going on at the Roosevelt redline??? I've never seen so many emergency vehicles in one spot.
Break a Leg Talent Manangement Photo Shoot March 11, 2011
Should have been there . It doesnt really matter now . You're gone .
I think you're right, I will probably be cutting at least two or three sites that I can think of right now :)
Today is International Pancake Day! Go to IHOP, make a pancake sandwich, necklace, shake, blanket...just go wild y'all.
I'm str8 and u papii
I cannot read the Strib's profile of new Wild enforcer, who sounds like a great guy, without getting angry.
16 yr ok cashier at the mall " never heard of" foursquare - maybe step up your marketing game
MORNING !! CITY GEAR OPEN AND YES WE HAVE THE AF1'S. TAKE AN EXTRA 20% OFF ALL RED TAG SHOES AND APPAREL!! HURRY IN SALE END TOMORROW :)
May 24, 25, and 26 :') omg you should go!!!
i need to get a life cause this aint no life
Tomorrow is 4/20 i'ma be smokin all day
Back to #DC from my NYC to San Francisco to NJ adventure. Happy2 celebrate Fat Tuesday by curling up to Arrested Development.
12 hours since my Critical support ticket was issued and no response.
IM SO MISERABLE.
#HUMPDay ... & it's dragging along ... with lack of sleep not getting much accomplished at all ... ugggghhhh #GucciMane #Voice lol
is a great FAMILY
easy to say when not married yet
Nice! RT We've got 4 hours of Beastie Boys on the iPod & Titos Vodka Moscow mules on menu tonight. May the 4th be with you.
I don't want to be stuck between Passover and Pentecost, knowing only the Lamb that takes away sin but not the Baptizer in the Holy Spirit.
10 bucks that not one of you mofos returning from college will hit me up to hang out....college changes people damn.
Awesome salmon and Oxbow photos, Michael! (The kid's pretty cool too.) Thanks for sharing them.
she should bring you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
it's gorgeous
gon gamble wiv show me im tha man.. shake it on the floor like a dice pon ya hand.. let me see that ass...roll...roll..roll...
I wanna see this! Fascinating! I know u are gonna b awesome...can u swing by FL. and get me?:-*
I hope you spoiled your mom today.
I don't know that I can actually go inside tonight, it's been such a beautiful day!
followed who nice to her, like me :D she totally followed me/us (= can you believe that?
U MAD BRO?
Barley going to bed! Goodnight!!
Hello Professor! How are You? Hope all is going well with the new semester! Oh, what say You about the new Shakespeare Film?? :)
Really wish I wasn't awake right now..
thank you! we had a blast this week- thanks for having us!
I love you too Eli <3333
Godfather theme at work. Everyone rise for the nation anthem
Thank you to all who followed us in 2011! We look forward to continuing our work to protect Maryland's historic places with you all in 2012.
In the studio today! How's your day? :)
i see was following like a bunch of people...and i wasnt one of them...
<U+266C> Thanks so much for following , Much appreciated. <U+266C>
On saturday is having a pig roast in the street! We'll be hosting the Church Brew Works Brewers!
You notice how crackheads are always running errands and stuff at barbershops?
Crawl- Chris Brown
This month, 1 out of 4 kids will be abused by another youth. Support ’s anti-bullying program to help change this!
Why are people so judgmental? fuck society and what they think you should be.
Great show
hey hi
Happy 176th Texas Independence Day!
What the fuck have class tomorrow
Same here. I think they think you're up to something
Really hoping the rain stays away, because it is a GLORIOUS night for kickball and Redmond's.
Getting excited to go see The Hunger Games with tonight!
Congrats to ! We followed her #bostonmarathon race online. Great Job!!
I played you last week?The 15 move limit has taken me out of it... id like to improve my team, but obv have to wait till playoffs
61 hours until the #holidays and we're STILL short on presents. Any last minute frantic shoppers coming with us to Fashion Valley?
going to go see Theory Of A Deadman! (:
... OK, you have to stop this. Its not fair
IDGAF about you or ya weak ass crew!
A nice welcome back to twitter with a ToTD from . Thanks.
i'm ready for this show comin up.!!:D
Need to try something different..to get new results....
Tuesday is Tampa's Best Latin Night at w/ Son Salvaje going on at 8:30pm -Salsa lessons at 9pm!
nice i like that
Good Morning. Never let loyalty & kindness get away from you. Wear them like a necklace; write them deep within your heart. Proverbs 3:3
Great Season, Tough Ending.
You're gonna regret that. <U+263A>
and looking up loans..
"Uncle play with me." Nephew's
When I get nightmares, I watch Phineas & Ferb... Yeeeeaaah (:
Won $155 today in Black Hawk
I'm excited about the release of the 1940s census! Why? I am connected as my grandparents and great grparents will be part of...
Anthony said all of his girls are collectables. Aka Tess Bria Gelila etc.....
Never live in the past but always learn from it. ~ Anonymous
Everyone is talking about it & it's a trending topic :0
have fun with summer school <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
We'll definitely catch up
Getting ready for todays appointments and sling some ink. You can watch Tattoo Jay tatt live It`s free.
spring break has been so boring
Head-banged to #Fearless by so much today, that I already knew the words before I saw the lyric vid.
A very warm welcome to the island of #Belize! Fast fingers needed for #iOS game! Enjoy!!
Loving the fact that we have a Kinect after watching my hubby demo Mass Effect 3 yesterday. Seriously awesome interactivity.
Went go cart riding, lazer tagging, saw a band perform, sky zone, fireworks t end the night...... yep beautiful day!!!
I would feel like absolute crap on westest day.
Great seeing yesterday! Locales may change, but good friendships never do! :)
Check us out at www.hisstorymusicgroup.com for music, bookings, and other info about the label!
Welcome Christine, michael and kara!
catching up on last nights
I just ate a piece of my candy bar that landed on my keyboard. Dirty chocolate tastes the same as clean chocolate.
Cris Carter is consistently your best guest. He provides insight you just don't hear anywhere else.
Placing bets as to of I can sleep this entire 15 hour flight to Sydney. I totally think I can do it!
looking forward to it
I'm asking myself the same thing with the story I'm writing.
Dreams take time, patience, sustained effort, a willingness to fail, if they are ever to be anything more than dreams.
I love your son to death. He thinks he's the worst singer out of them all. No way<3 He's an amazing singer! He's lovely!
and other copy editors distracted by Scripps Spelling Bee on TV in newsroom. It's our Super bowl!
OMG! Best day ever<333
Hargrove might be OK
“: Adriana Lima > David Beckham” What??? No!!!
no.. I'm usually not haha
My phone has no battery life, just a battery dead.
no but Couch and Akli drafted before and after do.
Happy birthday! xx :*
If it looks like shit, smells like shit, the odds of it being shit are likely.
What do you like most about running???
I'm getting over #Regis's last show by getting pumped for tonight. 7pm y'all.
At my cousin's house slept over didn't sleep till 5:00 in the morning.
one measure: tweet about a lecture. people attend lecture. count them. if twitter brings them to the lecture, this helps them learn?...
love the video, thanks for the follow!
I love it too!
its a good new look for u
Nothing like reading a good book.
Does anyone follow these new candidates for President 2012? All it seems they want is to put Obama out of office. And then what? Better USA?
Judge David Doty is a hero for ruling in favor of the NFL players union...
#neverstopbelieving also, your tattoo is turning out amazing!!
I really wish made it clearer which features are standard and not, bummer, to much work to figure out and I'm moving on to others
Tonight at 9:00 pm. Playing The 10 Mile House. 9420 Grazois Rd, Afton, MO Come by if your in the neighborhood! See you there.
not helping!!
happy birthday! (:
for when you are just barely thirsty.
Lake Oswego golf Good Luck today at Oregon GC - will catch u guys on back 9...
The band is playing a Bread cover at this party
Saw #Ivanov this weekend. Impressed!
Thanks for (re)posting that interview w/ Gary Kurtz.
Good-Music-H
:Machine Gun Kelly better than Yelawolf.<< I agree
whatever you say <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
So can't wait for the #BroadMinded synopsis of
NOTE TO SELF: Do not REPEAT Do not wear Low Riders to work! You have no "booty" for that, Boy!
“: The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed.” Oh Jonathan.. I feel the same way<3
What would you, the potential customers, like to see sold besides spirits, wines, and beer? Every idea matters!
If you don't love pain, you don't love to live, cause life is so painful it hurts everyday!
your cheeks n lips should be around the same shade
Damn I feel bad for DRose
Cuz it's a horrible movie maybe? RT Hahaha why have I never watched semi-pro before?!?!
that shits been done now get me some followers ya fuckin panzy
nice to see you! Come audit a class with me!
": “: sucks to be a star LOL”y'all just have a habit of getting in our way"handing you a tissue
Working on very different design in lavender, eggshell white and silver. Think lady buccaneers- having a really good, swashbuckling time!
yea they should
Ahh, so much love from the Dirty Five-Thirty!
Are you craving for ? $3 Chicken and Waffles. Only w/ a
the amount of #ToyStory posters on eBay before sellers even receive it is unconscionable … by no fault of Mondo, but still sucks
Friday is finally here party people!! A little pool action today and party time tonight!! Who's in!?
Our owner Jennifer featured Red Birds Pinot Noir and Mommy's Time Out wines on this morning with McGraw Milhaven!!
And when the 5 won't do those tricks, you'll need to buy an iPad 6
Josh Hamilton wow! 4HR
suck a nigga dick
just happened to me like 5 minutes ago haha
aww poor you where is your Alice
TGIF Fitness! Xo
on council friday night, you need to be paid more!
I recommend following if you are not already. He owns the excellent programmer
Also a piece from a mom to her daughter. Tissues! I need tissues, STAT!
The way some are acting, you won't be happy until Tressel is dead. Shame on him for finding another job! You'd think he committed murder.
WHY WOULD YOUR DAD DO THAT
FOLLOW --> <-- SHE LOVES JUSTIN BIEBER & NEEDS FOLLOWERS! THANKS!
Wish HTC would push FroYo to the Incredible. Tired of waiting.
oh yeah I zonked on the bus almost instantly. Thanks again for the invite!
Hahaha, sorry man- If I come up with a magic potion, you'll be the first to know!
Now I'm hungry...thanks
I'm prepared to call you my favorite mistake, but not for carrying one for the next nine months, so wrap your shit up.
I was up in the other building all day
Tweet tweet, we in here mayne!
I can already tell tomorrow isn't going to be a good day...!
that puppy is so cute!
WHO WATCHED THE FOR HIM CONCERT LIVE STREAM FRIDAY NIGHT???? Give us your feedback of the event!!!! We would love to know your review...
I would say a car is your best bet! (:
I was on the live stream earlier - not A list enough for prime time! Ha!
where can i check out some of ur music online, see what u got cooking
sorry i just don't enjoy his music!! haha
The funniest part is all the old HS friends of my roommate who are IMing/texting him and saying "OMG I SAW YOU ON THE INTERNET!"
Haha thanks joe. Hope all is well.
The CumberLord and as usual they were a bunch of ignorant idiots.
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 36
LOVE YOU Mamie , I just join this twitter thing lol late like everything else in life lol xoxoxo love you
MDA is known for wearing down his players. first year STAT was here he played a career high in minutes under MDA
#sotellmewhy gas has to be so damn expensive!! -_o
Blocked from my mind RT : Rockets won title in 1995 with 47 wins.
Only my lil cousin would be updating her fb status In active labor. Smh. Lol
go to our website and their are some links for the paperwork, are you ally? If so we look forward to working with u soon!
Crunching campaign finance numbers ... 75% of #WalkerFailure contributors from out of state in latest report
LOL! I liked it!
so how did you go?
Reasons why im weird- while I was talking to my teacher I looked at my nose and he told me to stay in school
We are starting to get calls for Halloween tours...get a group and book up soon!
Thanks for a great interview with Mark Green and David Bowen on
Tar and feather him...gotta love conservative radio..funny
Man I need to hoop today. I need a good cram session in my life.
Pretty good! Hows it goin with you?
THANK THE LORD!!! MY PHONE ISN'T BEING BLOWN UP BY TWEETS FROM ! YOU WOULDN'T BELIEVE HOW MANY TIMES I'VE HEARD MY RINGTONE!!!
thinks everyone is in HOJO
DECEMBER 19, 2012 IS MY GRADUATION READY FOR THAT DAY TO COME READY FOR THE NEXT CHAPTER IN MY LIFE.
Electronics giant, Best Buy, considers sales refocus » New Shack ...
After discouraging headwind yesterday and only 40 mi. we did 50 no prob this morn and are now in joe & sue's luxury suite.
RIGHT! Brother.
I'm looking forward to it.
#nf He dont have a girlfriend but would like a girlfriend....
was at lunch sorry. Back now. Still need me?
the statue or the dog in the background? :-)
Wow. It's a good day to be Mike Rupp! Have to be honest, I miss him on the
Why are you bitching tna? Be happy you even have a job with your worthless shit.
Ofcourse it starts to rain the period after I had to run the mile <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
F.H. Furr Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Fluffernutter is amazing. I dunno how I missed out for so long!
while i'm talking to you i'll call you back after i clean my room :-)
That's the huge question; their reply should be interesting...
Finally its betta then ur dreams .
Shaving is never an option!
Alas, the Vikings aren't moving to Los Angeles. So much for the #LAVikings jokes. And my tax dollars will partially pay for it. C'est la vie
good point!! hope one day I'll know I made a difference for my Ss
RT LOL Letestu as a first line center....I remember this all too well. Poor James Neal. Paired w Kovalev and Hobbit
good to hear that
so tired... idk if steps will happen this evening
Great. Gonna watch the Mircale of Life now -_- kill me
When your crush says " K " don't be sad, get glad. every kiss begins with k.
also, is the reason only one manning is stupid enough to play in the NFC.
I gotta bad bitch, yea dat bitch RIGHT!
Watching super bad! best movie ever!:)
this happens to me, too, and I like how you put words to it. What should we call the phenomena?
61 yr old mid major coach is a home run? I spose he was probably ready to retire to Florida anyways
Come to Park Meadows Mall 2day from 3-430 to buy tix for our show TOMORROW in Denver! Call 303-483-5208 to meet up, 1st person gets free tix
I like when a guy shows his emotions.
<U+FFFD> Any relationship primarily built on physical attractiveness is predestined to be short lived. <U+FFFD>Zig Ziglar
they took it off the air at midnight. you should follow for more info.
RT : Come on, Milwaukee! It's time to Defeat the Wheat! No upcharge on any #GlutenFree menu item, & 2-4-1 New Grist beers! Today!
Motherfucking Black Keys tonight. Can't wait to wiggle.
I have not forgiven Rick Warren for The Cone of Silence Incident so don't retweet him to me.
YOCO you only cute online... That defiantly applies here
Isn't that crazy! Someone referred to it as a building barfing books!
Gaining a Competitive Advantage in Project Interviews in Rm 11A begins in 8 min.
I just learned the phrase "cultural competence" from & My question - just whose culture? Must learn more.
Headed from CLT on the 7:35am flight to LAX this morning. If you are at the airport come up and say hi.
Waiting 4 The AVENGERS to start
Thank You! I loved BGSU Battle of the bands!!! after I won- homecoming was the chilliest gig ever! the Falcon says, skawwwwwwwwwk yea!
im doin it while u talk bout it
He was fairly stoic. Ate it like you would imagine a rabbit eats a carrot. I hated the way it sounded at he chewed it.
- yes like their better! Gtfoh!!
Is Barbie Headed for Early Retirement?
Touche. Maybe (hopefully) I'll be working at some Physical Therapy place here though!
Like, even twins! One "usually"leads a fab life, while sometimes the other goes a totally diff route.
what about Emily? And on jv is caraline Kayla brittany Dee darilyn. i think the girl who couldn't be here today made jv too
im in the cut rollin up im on my WizKhalifa-
I am thinking about getting a Mercedes-Benz A 180 CDi for a new car!
I was talking with him on the phone while they were all watching the finale (with her in the room)
Lively board mtg today. 3 prospective members brought new energy and ideas around Financial Plan and team develpment.
Local Flavor: Matteo's: The 'secret' restaurant: And there's a good reason for this: there's no sign outside the modular white restau...
A dining hall lady just told me I made one of the best grilled wraps she's ever smelled! And it's vegan!
I think it's time to stage a #Yankees intervention with
There is a guy at Panera with his 21" iMac playing WoW.. apparently we aren't dedicated enough to Apple.
How do you get a baby to go to sleep
Currently preparing an "alphabet soup of HR" training. Not a bad way to spend my Friday afternoon!
Great list! Be sure to check out for #speechtherapy as well :)
i wish && could help me with pranks (;
yoga righton gl at the tables ,,,,,,,
Didn't get a chance to take class today. No worries, we have 5 classes tomorrow.
i love this! RT Used book stand helped raise $20K for Support the Troops; how to share books with troops: mbist.ro/pDvjNj
I just finished a 3.26 km run with a time of 17:25 with Nike+ GPS.
MT : JPMorgan bets & loses $2Bil, 9.3% drop in share value, then fires top female exec, leaving CEO Jamie Simon unscathed.
Really? Tell me more.
i may look calm, but inmy head i've already killed you three times
lol ugggghhh. You really wanna fight! Depends? Really?
He has that theta sparkle!
seeing the vow with (:
“What you seek is seeking you.” <U+2015> Rumi
Did anything get accomplished besides being hungry #confused laughing? HA! =D
I totally agree! “: "Mean Spirits" by = hit hit hit!!”
We are hiring a quality engineer if anyone is interested.
Hell Week for choir silly :)
Yep. Darn APUs.
Thank you all! Or at least those of you who did your duty and delivered dooty to deserving politicians in California.
well we got it fixed today so everything is good i guess
Ed Robinson Nominated For Music Producer Of The Year In ATL - Gospel Awards
Finally getting some rest! Today's productivity was brought to you by Tchaikovsky, Debussy, & Rachmaninov! Music really gets me in the zone.
you are so beautiful, wonderful, and talented. I hope you know that. We love you, Nialler!<U+2665>
Cold turkey (1-2 days) does the trick! I'm as fast/capable on iPhone as I ever was on QWERTY Android or (way back) BB.
Rough day-bad mood, what do YOU do to not take it out on your staff?
Hotchkiss and Glen do not go together in my mind
Whats up man, just checked out like ten videos, love what I hear, we would love to work with her. Orphanz™
I hate that we shared something that was supposed to be ours.
i say 15
How long until this crazy woman who tanned her daughter gets a show on TLC?
escalators don't break, they turn into stairs.
My friend is 2 martinis late to meet me at the bar but I'm not upset.
last time I had that... I ended up wandering around the neighborhood at 3 am
Just got kicked out of a bar for wearing my 'YOU FAKE MOTHER FUCKER' tank. Lame
If this would be a perfect world Wed be together then Only got just one life this I've learned Who cares what they're gonna say. -JLo <3
U have a larger world stage now RT : You would expect us to learn from history. How many times must we fail?
It felt like just yesterday I made my first holy communion, and now I'm watching my baby sister make hers:')
#NF follow back;)
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NO BODY ELSE, THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHELMED. :)
Why isn't there volume control for people sitting around in coffee places?
check livesport.tv they are the official international streaming source of
Eating dinner with baby nephews but still sick and ready to go to bed.
I did! Pretty solid stuff.
S/o to my team Sorry I missed this weekend. But this new spot got me in on point! C u soon
MERLIN STOP MESSING WITH MY EMOTIONS
- You guys were outstanding to work with on the Tech video! hope you are doing well!
I'm getting ready to reveal this year's holiday greeting card!! *giddy*
Damn. Forgot everything about the bus strikes.
thanks Marcus!!!
you also got your kitchen thing.
anytime! like what you did with it.
Good Morrow , You're More Than Welcome .Have A Fine Day Good Sir Mark
Very interesting thought, Victoria. Would love to hear more about what you have in mind.
like all my friends have boyfriends/girlfriends & im just here like "i love " ... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
If U are a girl who didn't want to either write a travel food blog or have a show on traveling & food raise your hand. YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE
But Walker hasn't done anything, no crime at all. Yet, he and Mrs Barrett aren't treated the same for not committing a crime.
Shout it! THX!
RT Driving to Bristol. ETA 9:46 AM using Waze - Drive Social
Please follow me(: 25
sofa king we todd it to be exact! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Not only can we talk hockey w/ , but we should talk guitars some time. Rock on!
Like a soundtrack to a July Saturday night... Sppprrinnnggstteeeennn
Oh yeah, size 12
yes I am...can I come to you and get it this evening sometime?
Lake Conroe resort undergoing some changes by lakeconroe
Excited For New Jonas Album 43
hell yeah! Especially since I got !!!!
Rainy Monday. Glad #socialmedia can be an indoor thing.
Christmas decorations are down. Can Spring come now?
yehp! good eye ;) and thanks!
Chaos is the science of the global nature of systems.
wat's yer favorite kinda burrito? ours is all kinds
Anyone wanting to come out and celebrate meisners birthday tonight meet at the ferlitos around 9 or you can meet us in royal oak :)
Live in ? Residents get 10% off when you bring a cork to donate to local school's art programs!
Awesome! Thanks for the shout :-)
Enter to win a $250 Neal-Schuman gift certificate! Visit www.neal-schuman.com to register.
as long as i dont have to walk far to get there RT : you wanna go? Grrrrrrrr.
Yeah, I don't get it. I don't think ANY college experience could be worth that.
I hate when people save like 6 fucking seats at a movie theater when it's completely full.
Good Monday morning - thx for following
It goes up, it goes up, it goes up, it goes up. dnalegnarts
Lou, its a BS article that was first published 2 years ago on the site. They just changed the photo. Embarassing!
thinking about going to the Philippines for a week;)
How I'm feelin right now I can beat somebody ass too shitty
I crashed :'(
what is your address?
omg I knowww..I feel so bad for him :( he's so adorable I love him and her together <U+2665>
“: Congrats to St. Eds!!!!! Gives me a reason to go to Columbus!” thanks Maine!
Thanks! RT : Happy Birthday hope it was a good one!
Thanks for all you do for our kids. Our partnership provides them incredible opportunities. We appreciate you!
yah! Ill be there =)
4y.o. museum veteran explaining to grandma what touch/no touch signs mean. And "oh, let's do this first, you'll love it" = wonderful.
lmao killing everyn plant in the class
Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting. So - get on your way! ~ Dr Seuss
Last night was soo scary I went to knotts scary farm and it so soo fuckin scary :(
Stringing up the guitar after years of no playing I find I can play Green Day, Nirvana, and just about any pop song by ear.
that's wats up.. what nxt yr looking like?
RT The only thing I want is to see no more stores, no gardens, no more goods, no spectacles, no elevators.
I hate when I work all this overtime and it goes to some freakin bill. that really pisses me off.
you look lost Cody,haha(not to be mean)
We're home and can't wait to do that again. We filmed some of our shenanigans in Texas. Look for some type of video soon...
The man has not been born who can invent a popular tax. [1945]
how bout u make beds, she makes cookies & we spin? “: I say we mix it up next week ”
heyo from the SEA!
speak your heart, don't bite your tounge
M Krystals.......my old and missed friend
Jeanne Hap hap hap happy Superbowl Sunday!!!
Thanks Jeremy! RT : did a great job in the WV election! Great to hear about their success on #cdaphone!
OK OFF TO THE LA FITNESS WITH MY SISTER LORNA I AM BACK!!!!
"Thank you, Grandpa" accepted for publication-Inwood Indiana, "the smallest press in the world." Will appear online-maybe in print. MTC
I use Pages for Mac. I swear by it!
got a great review from work
findings: #airport security approaches threats through technology - that's an approach that can only be reactive
On the southside of #Chicago doing community service w my paisas on
#FF for pure fun
Best Friend = says my mom's death doesnt matter *add 3 years of not talking* She says sorry....shes picking me up from work today ha!
Remembering Dr. Leon C. Wilkerson at today and his passion for
just get on the plane
MODELS needed and some bad female freestyle dancers for video Monday 4/22/<U+200B>12 email
Inland Marine insurance? We check the top-rated companies to find the right plan and price for you. Don't sign anything till you call 4M.
I'm actually complimented, however backhandedly, that right-wing follows me on Twitter! Well, I'm returning the honor. :-)
A potent antioxidant, vitamin C protects the body against cell damage that can occur during exercise.
they look so tasty! If only technology could send me one!
Fuck the NFL.
now I really want a cow!
Asap- demons
Just a few of our favorite agencies...#FF , , and
Who else in the history of bball is criticized for making CORRECT plays?! RT : Yes. And explaining the consequences of it.
Yes, we are off to Spain tomorrow and then France in June! We would love to meet you!
I thought you were part Brazilian.
*big yawn*
Don't play hard to get, play hard to forget.
Damn its hot!
Snooze is such a good concept.
Seems fun! i love baby sitting kids!!! RT : Baby sitting humaid -_-
Um....you sure 'bout that?
Got it! Not too shabby indeed! :D
Why the hell isn't #Intstagram on twitter?
hope to get a chance to meet u this wkend at #roc #startupweekend Rock it!
I didn't know it was 's birthday! Happy birthday Morgan! Have a great one!
Um YES. :) RT : Guess what... I've got an all-expenses paid weekend in Vegas to give away later this week. Anyone want it?
might be just me but I don't get the flak over Obama's opinion on gay marriage . . .
Use your power of creation in a conscious, ethical, responsible, and powerful way.
. is up next at #MPressFest #SXSW2012! She goes on at 1:10PM at the Soho Lounge (217 E. 6th st.)! Don't miss her!
Why do I anger myself watching Doomsday Preppers? I can't deal with people projecting their paranoia on small children. Hits too close.
cutest picture ever
thanks for the RT!
Yes, yes yes.
@ You must know something I don't Myk, didn't see any strip joints...
I think I sprained my ankle
re: #interracial families in ch books: try the great Last Summer With Maizon (series), Miracle's Boys, and more
#np find a place -
NOT TRUE!!!!! I RESENT THAT!!!!! lol You sure you don't need nothing?
Alright here we go!!! Lets go !!!
I don't much care for "whilst."
Really did his thing with that thinking about you track
RT : If you don't trust your employees to tweet freely, it's an employee or leadership issue, not an employee Twitter policy issue.
no idea, be mobbed, I need to get a ticket too
Sam Young has a PER of -83.6 in the Playoffs.
Start my jail sentence Friday the 13th. Ironically, I was arrested on Friday the 13th.
butter London.
People are so nice today, probably got laid over spring break.XD
Honored to be in Columbia, MO as part of the Parenting With the Brain in Mind Week. These preschoolers sang a brain song to launch the week!
You can tell when I am bored when I am on Twitter. Lol.
thanks T!
#Colts truly house cleaning.
I do not see how #Zimmerman will get a fair trial. Innocent until proven guilty if i remember right.
Bathroom mirror has been replaced with poster of Sean Connery. Damn, I look good in the morning now!!
Are you doing standup at too?
hey guys :O
I'm sensing a war brewing on Water st soon. A #foodwars ....
In Limori? “: Robots. It's getting amazing.”
Bahahahahaha. U still LAME I see. smdh.
aah, Destiny is so cute! lol she cant pronounce my name so she calls me Ana. lolololol. k.
15O followers! Guys I love you! (:
I will be getting some this weekend!
"It's okay if you don't like me. Just don't pretend that you do"
I have so much shit to do this weekend
he's got his dick in a hat like he's gonna turn into a fucking magician or some shit. Like it's gonna turn into a bunny
Rachel Berry gave me goose bumps >>>
hows being stuck at school lol
School board #leaders like set the bar high for affirming students!
I'll definitely give you a heads-up if I run across either of them.
So many congrats on Shuffle and You two were just beautiful. Marvelous work!
"Don't call me nipple" - Me
I think guys who are preppy w swag are cute.... especially when they drink Starbucks : -D ... gotta get me one of those lol
Have a great shoot tonight!
lol don't need the tee if I don't have the shoes I know it's big but makes for a nice free gift
Well that's just 'cause we have good taste.
I wonder if remembers performing at my highschool in Indiana that was a longtime ago Too bad he won't c this and follow me bak
Think I'm gonna have to go the doctors tomorrow....
Yeah, I get that. That would make sense... the worst things happen to the best people -.-
Hey Harold ..tell me more about your spiritual teaching and leadership..love to hear what you have to say...Thanks for sharing!
Yu must be #OutOfUrMind if yu don't watch 106&park an love MB!
Don't think they haven't got a plan for that! With Koch/Walton/Exxon etc money to make it happen
Marketing quiz the day after mad men premiere?
Bruh... That shit couldve really killed my mood. Ain't nobody got time for that
Home alone for pretty much the whole night, so does anyone want to do something tonight?
it said you didn't
Check out the " Down" comedy act on my You Tube site. kellieluvella.tv - called party music 2
can you get a ticket for "disrespect"?
RT : I want a new phone
good question. Maybe $10 or $12 bucks?
#B-rabbit Now everyone from the 313, put your motherfuckin hands up and follow me!!!!..... ;-)p
The only major use for the Racine Journal Times is to sop up my coffee dribbles.
you should talk about KG's all time milestone in Denver on mondays' Fix.
Society without rules, huh, wonder how that would be like...
There's a storm coming...
Think I'm gonna actually watch NASCAR this year. With all the new changes on the cars the shits actually a race now.
Proud Of Austin, mahomies please help trend this . right now he would really need it to make him happy. k thank you !
Just shot the Gotham dance theater with This documentary will be great
lmao my girl got me it for my bday! Ey boulevard this weekend tho ima get the whole crew up in there r u spinnin?
We are actually sitting here plotting out the zombie attack ! Where would you go first?
That sounds a lot like last night's Capoeira class. Brutal!
So true Paula.
LMFAOO O YOU MAD NOW?!
Same name and age. It would be a big coincidence if it wasn't. Should it have been part of his platform?
My email inbox is completely empty -- which RARELY happens -- don't know what to do with myself
I was @ funeral as a kid, wandered away, leaned over t/stone and was spooked off by a spirit from below, lightning quick. I backed off.
time to go to class
omg, let me know if you need a study buddy.
btw, as of last night, I'm caught up on Supernatural. It's amazing how fast I can go through TV when it's grading season
Miley admit that she's been smoking weed... But then she said that it was only a joke... True or false? Bad girl or good, seems like both.
You do not need to rely on Google+ for that! We will be delivering your food before you know it!
happy birthday!
Great questions for in tonight's town hall. Top of the 10th analogy, blackouts, kids & concussions. just awesome.
Surprisingly peaceful overnight in downtown Portland. Peaceful, meaning less violence, more partying.
Heyy :) I'm hanging with you?
Well I guess he was the least crazy of the clown parade.
only way to stop a fight
that's god<3
My Astrologer says I'll be liberated today! Great! Now, I need a bra I can burn.
the pretzel m&ms are awesome too!
"And it won't be that long now till I'll be gone. I can almost count the hours, I can almost count the hours." <3 (36 hours)
awww im sorry :( i hate finals xP
When I get a text from her I'll hurdle over couches to grab my phone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
• Gee cuz the bullpen is tired and we only have like 8 pitchers out there. Yeah, that was stupid.
im ready to to come rubb it gently
Don't wait - Our Friday night singles event is almost sold out. http:SingleGourmet.info #WPB #Miami #Boca #CoralSprings #South Florida
One of thee days I'll win that shirt from !!!
Crandall Medical center celebrates national nursing home week
What a little bitch!
Wow! Everyone has an opinion today. I'm loving it!
arghhhhh.....this clogged sink is getting the best of me
Going on the hunt for the EP #HNAF and a couple magazines.
follow back and promo!!!
When i meet her i'm going to break into all my lines.
Generating compelling copy for web and print. Call today (310) 359-8419
I had SDSU in the Elite 8. That could be a problem. Not sure why I picked them bc I firmly believe their coach can't coach.
Yeah - Go Bucks!
I saw on the feed chatrooms that they read there was a secret comp going on now?!! Never seen that before though lol
I'm going for a walk... to Starbucks.
Just spilled my glass of wine :( I have a habit of doing that
riding around and Gettin it lol
Ikrr the bel rang right when we got to the door but you had to pick up ur stupid hairtie geez XD
When I get done with these classes, I'm getting fucked up. Lol.
Why am I hearing that 's gonna be at my votech tmrw. Smh, if he did come & I had to take PSSA I would be SO mad.
my phone still not here,im expecting my sht to be here tomorrow..i hate ordering sht lol
real geeks bite the heads off chickens and stick knitting needles through their arms.
A bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when you are after it as when you are in it.
A Romney loss in Michigan could lead to convention fight but says he won't reconsider running for prez
Wishing u all a Blessed & Happy New Year my lovelies! May ur light shine on the ones less fortunate and make their year as blessed as urs!
I think Iman wants that exact dog. She's asking but I'm not ready yet.
It's Friday I'm in love :-)
You have old balls
That was the technology literacy Assesments lol. We still have to take the final for this 6 weeks.
70k drunk heater at 25/50/100 PLO and the quit. I think they mad
Zen Thought for the day: If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
ok the sad thing is im still drinking coffee and have been for few hours lol i know im developing an addiction to coffee isnt it great? lol
Well, I hate to have to take my Santa hat off and put on my hard-ass hat. But, this is serious.
I love when you smile, but i love it even more when I'm the reason
They dont want my love , they just want my potential .
It feels good to be back home tho <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
#FOLLOWMEKIANLAWLEY someday youll realize why i asked you
we havent had the house to ourself since the last blue moon.
Bruce grabbing guitar Doing doo wop version of backstreets
Thank you Brie - all the other shortlisted nominations are all superstars in their own right. We're VERY proud.
How could you agree with him! You little.........haha lol. Ya Bro. Wale was right I eat to much. A bake sale sounds good
#OccupyCville from our office windows looks wet and cold. Anybody have a tent to lend them?
Some people have issues and are worried for nothing. The boys ARE safe so shut the hell up
i think people are mad at me when they don't text with smiley faces and junk .
life is a highway i wanna ride it all night long
haven't used blueprint. How do you use it for work? Tell me more.
Mom's in hospital, major and "risky" surgery in her future when the proper team of surgeons can even be identified. It's a lot to take in.
"Evolve or Evaporate" ~ URIV
If it wasn't O's season yet, the Terps just made it official. Not even watching the game at Bro J's could pull them through.
available today? My morning was shot!
Makes your birthday present a more valuable gift lol.
sweet opening of the new building 550 housing the mechanical engineering design group and , a rousing success
HOLLER. anyone who wants me to make them an icon just tweet meh:)
Fear can make us avoid risk & adventure, & hide behind a mask of security. Fear can save our lives, but can also deny us our greatest joys.
How late do you serve breakfast?
And I'm sunburned too ._.
Got my offer letter and pre-employment paperwork late this afternoon. After 25 months, I go back to work Monday morning.
Teach me, and I will be quiet; show me where I have been wrong. -Job 6:24 -- Bible Scripture ()
margarita time
Daily at Noon! Come on down anytime!
Analyzing collections "And I Still See Their Faces: Images of Polish Jews" and Susan Meiselas' "Kurdistan"
Laws of physics are the laws of life. Good quote to really think about.
xoxo It's good to be back.
It is hot out there, y'all. Bleh.
Your Tigers will be back under the lights tomorrow! Come Support Oxy Men's Soccer as we take on Redlands at 7pm on Paterson Field!
I can confidently, without one single doubt, say this has been the worst week of my 22 years of existence.
can you define "web genius"? I'm not in that category, but may have some connections who are?
"gold" being Internet access, that is. More coffee...
Getting my study on with on a Friday night during the firefighter convention... Who has self control?? This girl!
Vapid question of the day: does anyone have suggestions for a good mint colored nail polish?
There you have it, America. Journalism lives. Power of the people. #Badgers will lift transfer restrictions on Jarrod Uthoff
We've made it to 300+ followers! The contest is over and the winners have been notified. Be sure to check your messages
Cake cake cake cake Cake cake cake cake Cake cake cake cake
Thank you, same!
1. Spending over $5 per work day on coffee. Drink water instead and save $1,300 per year!
Did my alarm clock really wake me up at 4. Really. Really?!?!
Thanks! RT : Just got followed by Seem like good people. They donating100% of their Nov Internet sales...
Lol ": RT : I do RT : I don't think I like my twit pic<~~what Mr. Johnson not hating today????? Lmao"
lets argue real quick so we can have make up sex lol
Monday why you no friday?
Thanks for the mention -- in good company!
trying to connect to my work email...why is this system down so frequently??
going to the haunted house tonight :)
Rye Rye doin too much
I am a big fan of lower wedges with the open toe. Totally love red & metallic shoes, too. Also hot pink, black, white, & nude.
Hey Hey Hey, businesses in Denton! We are looking to expand our network of sponsors! Contact us!
I'm already knowing cuzzo, you stopping thru on the 27th? I'ma need hella footage I'ma be on 106 in August! Tryna really put on
Toilet all morning, call work to tell them I'm going to be late.... Finally went to my car to get to work to only find a hole in my tire...
you're welcome ! And we're so glad you loved it !! (:
I need breakfast!!!!
Totally random graffiti: THE CAKE IS A LIE.
Who's in NY tomorrow? And Who's in LA Sun-Tuesday? Hit me up...
Yes i do.
oh my god Anne, you look gorgeous!
I'm trying really hard not to cry over you because every tear is just one more reminder that I don't know how to let you go.
M... Coffee
The bitches you meet now a days...
Nothing beats southern hospitality
I have similar issues with some of my boxers, I have to make sure the belt gets around them, not trying to be dirty, just facts
(As in: "Huh. That kind of took off.")
Speaking of which, any plans to grace the Big Apple soon?
Certainly anyway! (hall pass)
Im gonna come back to school on monday with a bronze body
RT : Never a dull day in Lacey.
Sound olicy. RT : it is my policy never to interrupt the enemy while they're making mistakes...
#TeamTexans hey kenum you ready to lead your old / new city to a super bowl
Here's 2 a life of love, trust & new beginnings. Thankful 2 special people in my life. Sad 4 the innocent victims who have been used.
The delay of our fantasy bracket launch was delayed due to server issues. We are working hard on getting this fixed by today. Everyone...
Damn I just spent $6 on a shiner bock with 3.25 abv
Thank you!!! And you are very welcome!!
We shall see. Lol
not at all. I'm not even following you. Those sharks search words then follow. Send me your business page.
"The closer you are to God, the more strength you're going to have to do the right thing and say no to the wrong thing."
well the back of a dress couple be backless/cut low so you can't wear a strapless
Why does it seem like someone hacked You ? Um idk , but I cant wait for you album #believe , #muchlove (:
I'm confused... Did anyone actually think Collins would play again for the #Packers?
#Ravens have a ton of options tonight: Konz, Upshaw, Hill, Glenn, Randle, Martin...sleeper pick, though: Amini Silatolu, Midwestern State.
Sixers win again
Trust me, I've been working on my beard for years now.
<3 RT : the weez has landed in Pittsburgh, a mighty fine city. tonight lets rock together.
ray lewis is a punk!! helmet hit on hines......where is the flag??????????
So I felt like death for about a week & I'm finally feeling better :) Yay! :)
I do not envy the hours a Chef keeps.
Ok *Changes Channel*
Jim, can I get your email? Would like to ask your advice on a startup idea. Thanks. DM me, please.
we don't need no stinkin time to puff puff!
killer night. rough, loose, heartfelt; just about perfect. here's to many more. thanks!
Not sure I understand this whole phenomenon of little girls wearing 'BOYS LIE' T-shirts ...Now if it said 'Dads Lie', that would make sense.
Making My Way Downtown Walking Fast ( : Lmaoo Just Came On
thanks for sharing the video Emily!
shut up man, don't start shit for no reason
Happy Tuesday... Currently in my database course. Happiness is oozing from my body knowing that I only have two more weeks!
lol understand then well guess hit me whenever questions come about !
be there a little bit.
I want to thank each and every one of my followers <3 I love you guys.. Your the ones that brighten my day (:
Two huge earthquakes in Indonesia. Tsunami warnings issued. No respite for those poor people/ :(
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there. Enjoy every minute of it!!
I am so confused right now. I am not even in the mood to talk to anyone. I just want to sit in my room and yell and cry.
Hi do u deal with mtf transformation
you haven't? I got it around 5. Check spam? I will be there around 9:15-30.
Sigh. One more drink would have eased this suffering. O! Looks like bus might be here.
Of course! Keep an eye out for live tweets :)
"if you cant live in the wardrobe, its not believeable"-Mz June Ambrose
So.. I'm not at all surprised that the Mariners don't want another pro team moving in next door.
We don’t leave anything to chance, we closely monitor the caregivers & communicate frequently with the client & their family
Hope your day is going good! Love you and miss u
thnx for the follow. how are art and life?
Oy! At first I skimmed your tweet and missed reading the words "the tile." Then I said, "cant' be" and reread correct tweet.
You guys looked great on the news last night Rich Von K for the Steve Jobs story!
Thurs 8-9pm On Health & Healing on a2zen.fm. So excited for my interview w Holly Hall An open lines show filled with fun.
You must either modify your dreams or magnify your skills. – Jim Rohn
Man the NBA just really isn't interesting. Game 7 or not.
I loved BH so I'm having a great time reading The Solitary House so far!
...and they will never tear us apart, do do do do, bump bump. don't make me sing that out loud, Twitter.
oh wooohooo . (: u better not forget haha !
hey Justin
Anything is possible! We're actually revamping our menu as we speak!
Google made one change to their search box last year, they made the search box longer. People type in whole questions and sentences in Go...
what if the guy is also a nerd and is testing me? ;)
I want a puppy!!!!
to go with his number of naismith awards and ncaa titles..
Well, thanks :)
Have a show. Contact us to put it on the air.
how's San Diego?
Congrats on soon to be a father again happy for you and you're family man
Hello EP! How is the world where you belong?
Say hi to the Secretary of the Navy!
Ur the straw to my berry, the robin to my hood, the robin to my batman. #NeedISayMore?
Sounds like MN taxpayers are getting hosed by the NFL to pay for their stadium.
I cant do it today. But if youre there tomorrow ill show you it
RT "Four R's" of #sustainability for historic places: REUSE, RETROFIT, REINVEST, RESPECT-Kooles. RT
Favorite place to hike - anywhere along Lake Michigan. Instant vacation.
Republican Rep. J. Kyle warns against "knee-jerk" reactions after JPMorgan lost $2bil. Did he oppose "knee-jerk" reactions after 9/11?
Passed 32 tips today! And, 3 guests. Excellent meeting!
Misery loves company...
Oh dear. Just OnDemanded The Vow. Why did I do that?
Working in #DoheneyLibrary, trying to finish three books and my Spanish translation before heading home
Boot camp done!
Juelz Santana - daddy..."I'm happy now, I'm a daddy now, I gotta be there I ain't get to see my daddy round."
Staying on track and always in the right mind, Love for the Music till the end
Good morning ! : )
any cute Brewers stuff??
Was the additive-laden burger terrible?
haha nope I just chill in the back corner in the world war 2 section and play sonic the hedgehog 2 on my iphone
strip club
There's always the one relationship that fucked you up.
LIKE ManyFreeThings page on Facebook to represent your position in the Million chain linkathon! Hundreds of thousands of people may be,,,
GLEE should write in Crawford girls! Female version of Warblers-yes! Girls were cute, esp 3 on the end. Do they sing?
Hi all! Ready for chatting this week :) I'm Natalia, owner of and I'm a #sandiego photographer.
Thanks for #ARudin love-there's always a spot for you on our 2634 if you need a nap from a busy day at the !
just cooling at the moment about to smoke some
Just saw "Monsieur Lazhar"; I highly recommend it.
Paulin please rethink quick kill bill. Or, really, THINK.
RT : Happy National Library Week. What's your favorite library memory?
A common mistake we make is to not be so common and end up being wrong about it.
Jeremy Bird(OFA Rep)--I truly believe your ultimate goal is to increase the wages of labor, and not nickle & dime Small Business?
princeton look too good
Q:Who delievers cat's Christmas presents? A:Santa Paws!
I'm shopping them - shoot me your email
Sunflower seeds & Gatorade are two of my favorite things. <3
#TriviaTuesday Answer Vermont is the only New England state without a seacoast.
Fun Fact: Alan Rickman played Achilles in '85 for the #RSC. #Troilus & Cressida opens Jan 13th, and runs for six weeks
don't we all </3
watered 2day and cleaned up, just took tomatoes on ground which was many, 1 zuch, 1 little egg plant
i was kind of looking fwd to watching u try 1 of the...more creative solutions.
Darn! Well you'll have to come another time, then. It is open until 8 if you can make it over...
Healing | Palm Oil Health: TV segment highlights foods that heal · TV segment highlights ... Our kitchens are loaded with foods and h...
#mds3180 pretty sure it's a survey...
I bet! Any progress??
Always think about the clever shit u could have said after the argument is over lol
Man what it do! Next Level? Man we about to skip levels 2, 3, and 4....We going straight to level 5...lmao
thanks, glad to be a part of the family
LA Sports Fans Frenzy Kicks Up
Moment when you're sitting in the theater, ready to watch the movie, then BOOM! The human giraffe sits in front of you...
. talking about how tweets traveled faster than earthquake in DC last year - Internet is society's amygdala
can you please follow me ever since you were on americas best dance crew I thought hey that girl can dance lol
Wow! SOLD OUT of our presale NYE tickets! A limited number of tickets will be available at 10am this Saturday morning
Good times, indeed!
RT I'd say is one of the best up & coming in the city -nice show last night
Hey, #Oscar! NOW can we have the song performed?!?! #MuppetstakeOscars RT : YES!!!! "Man or Muppet" !!!!!
Just gonna smoke this one off:))
Don't forget the show next saturday! Know one of us? Ask for presale tickets! We gots em.
Is there a link for this?
Test post
Don't forget about the Bridal Show here on Oct. 2, 2011.
Cathy just cussed out the car in front of her!!! Hahaha she said "I wish I had a gd horn!"
my phones charging babe </3 i missed you 4th period though :/
I LOVE YOU OK. It's not my fault :c
I wonder what things would be like if was still in Escape The Fate....
thank you!
KBPS.TV is now seeking TV and Radio content for its World-Wide Social Broadcasting Network. Fully interactive with the audience start now.
...and a serial killer database.
Got up at 6 am to start reading The Bonesetter's Daughter for a PBT challenge. Finished at 3pm. My eyes need a rest.
Belatedly agreeing with your take on Cohen's weird & self-serving NYT review of "The Instructions." I'm w/ you (loved the book).
Take a music bath 1 - 2 x / wk for a few seasons, and you will find that it is to the soul what the water bath is to the body. – Oliver Wen…
I dont get it
Sat with an Isagenix colleague about social media and using it for networking. We both had great takeaway!
LOVE YOU!Check out my music please!I'm Indian too so we should go out!
I got 4g only in norfolk and in new york .. WHAT THE FUCK
Finding someone that you love is like finding the last piece of the puzzle, you need it to make your life complete.
dude that was sick! I hope you win it all.
Adam Banks about to start in the featured session at
I love finding an old playlist or burned CD. Its like traveling to my past; same pain w/ new understanding or its just plain
I'm arguing with a drunk bitch about how to say my name (I've reached an all time low right now)
Ladies... Can you tell what kind of guy your dating by how he keeps his room or car?
Rush's 4 wives have consistently misled him abt female birth control as a way to avoid dealing with his small penis.
Oh, now don't go blaming me for your poor study habits. I only responded because my timeline was full of your tweets, slacker.
our cataloging dept. just mandated we only make orders containing 20-25 items. they are DROWNING in bills upstairs as a result.
Is your app available yet? I would like to see more details can you send them to THX
follow me :)
Happy Birthday to my Tee-T Handsome Man
Listening to paul revere! listen up cause this ain't funny, my name is mike d and I'm about to get money!
Ghost Hunters FTW! Steve and Tango are BACK, baby!!!!
RT : oh hush it turtle LOL!// lol no you're Turtle remember?
I heart you & We r lucky to have u!! “: My brother and sister are everything. So blessed to have them. #lucky”
The rain keeps drowning out Jay Leno!
you are keeewl, I'll see you around 3!
Good morning, sunshines :D.
Yay #teenjeopardy I can actually answer something
Grading grading grading grading.
You have a good holiday as well.
Through Thursday? Get well.
#alatt there's still a homeless droid (w/ a dead battery) in the thinktank. Anyone missing their phone?
We had about a dozen+ people - some new faces, some faimilar ones
I might just delete this twitter because I'm never on it and no one talks to me on this account anyway /:
same mistake was made. Thought the Nevermind show would be good. Seen better covers at local bars. Just horrible. Ears bleeding
ayy that's wassup . nd i been good . a lots changed , but that's life , ya knoww . .
Back to short hair for me! Finally found an amazing hairdresser! <U+E415>
Now is not the time to be sick.
About to meet with and her partner about our service offerings.
sleep well my friend :) hope U awake with a smile on your face :)! have a great week! always wish you the best Sharon :)!
he had school and work all day. he's gay :|
Is the weeknd's birthday on the weekend this year?
When the temp is very high, don't let your pets on hot asphalt.Their body can heat up quickly, and their paw pads can burn.
My love is conditional, but my conditions are reasonable.
I started following post-podcast, but only so you could have social network cachet in auditions.
Off to Valentine Day dinner with my sweetie (s).
#BOYFRIENDteaser show us! SHOW US SHOW US
literally or figuratively? Lawlz
I'm on 1
Matrix reference for the win!
Thank you Happy Feet 2 for entertaining the kids while I enjoy awesome food and company.
Followed back
Awesome! Great job.
Your welcome! have a great day.RT : Thanks for the RT last night. As always #smallbizchat was great.
A couple weeks until #MarchMadness - who's excited? Any bubble teams you would like to see in the dance?
I don't have any feelings RT : Seriously, can you imagine the outcry there would have been if cried like
Glad you could join us, What was your favorite part of 's Conference?
Great! Lunch or drinks soon?
did u read it
oh lol hm fail
RT:“ Every women deserves a man who looks at her every day like it's the first time he saw her.”
if someone hates you for no reason, give the mother fucker a reason to hate you.
Wonder how tony the tiger feels about this ----> RT : It's a great day to
Guiness is only like 4.2%abv. I could drink about a couple dozen. I'll let ya know how that goes, you guys.
Robot Chicken to Do ‘Super Friends’ Parody Special
I'm gonna miss all my senior friends. And miss the senior soccer people I've come to know. But I'll be there soon enough.<3.
Its involuntary I swear....i zone out and my eyes glaze over every time he opens his mouth to speak...callate por favor
UGH- what do you do when your own family sends racist fascist e-mails to you ALL THE TIME?
Finally got new soccer uniforms. #thankgod ; Iona here we come.*
Hopefully can talk some sense into these shoe idiots. And if he can the soundtrack will be epic.
I am not going to plug #bacon. With the abundance of pork products at this time, I consider the price of 42 cents just too high. [1944]
: robbed I could handle. Murdered would be bad. ....I was trying to be positive
summer teaching starts already. i guess i'll have to suck it up and teach a class about pop music
um y you cursing so much wit that twitter name lls
#Mayweather getting the hammers drop on him, but can #cotto keep up
It's going good. :)
Hello Everybody
FAQ'S Are you in Tulsa? Yes, We are in Tulsa, at 7633 E. 63rd Place Suite 300 (61st and Memorial SW corner behind Steak and Shake)
Thank you very much for sharing that ADORABLE picture--you look amazing in that dress!
Kiss My Sweet Grits
How's 2012 treating you all so far?
Well, that was fortunate. Went to make tea and found the knobs on on the cooker. If that had been left, we'd all be dead in the morning.
Eating at Nature's Express vegan drive-through in San Diego. Very SoCal combo.
Thanks for the very kind words! Much appreciated. We're always interested in hearing suggestions too!
Google Maps once again shows Round Hill as being near Culpepper, I reported the problem. Last time it did get fixed but reverted.
Please sing #HuckFinnBlues on #PrairieHomeCompanion this week!
what dates y'all free an than ill check to see when I'm free
“We can’t be authentic if we're only willing to express and have contact with the parts of ourselves that we think other people want to see”
!My Mind Is Wondering To Wondrous Places!
My co-founder and I were in Private Equity (KKR) and left to do our startup, Loku. Happy to talk more if you want to DM me.
jumping on a train soon... hope I packed my sanity
nice socks!!
Ah google's do a barrel roll! Type in "do a barrel roll" into google
You're only as good as the people you hire. - Ray Kroc
Start with something small and do it everyday no matter what. With this invaluable trait there is absolutely nothing you cannot accomplish.
Adobe Creative Suite 6 is released today. Happy CS6 Day, designers.
Hunger Games at Midnight Tonight w/ & some twitterless peeps
I can always count on you to go there. One of the reasons I like you so much. Happy Mother's Day to Peeps await
It's official. Football SUCKS without the Packers
IF U HAVEN'T HEARD ON THE 1s AND 2s, THEN UR MISSING OUT. CHECK HIM OUT TOMORROW FOR OUR CINCO DE MAYO BASH! FROM 2-8PM
Hate you.
Hello Jenny, hope things are going well on the twitter front :)
Yeah Joe!!
Um excuse me? You're the woman so YOU'RE the one making me the sandwich. Just because we're on twitter doesn't mean role reversal
Hey , I just signed Keeley and I up for the Dirty Dog 15k Trail Run!
there is only so many things cats actually do, and dogs you can at least get some tricks to photograph.
happy mothers day, imu !
People have got to stop attributing general faults of people, that can be found anywhere, to the city of Milwaukee.
reports from Boston media say that Felix Doubront will be the #RedSox num 4 starter and Bard will be num 5. Aceves to the bullpen.
Monday just opened for me! How's your Monday looking?
oh, ha.up was wondering.
Gotta give em' credit. Google+ is trying so hard. I'm rooting for them but still using Facebook. It's just too big.
Big commitment & perceived $ for cos.RT Be S.O.C.I.A.L-sincere, open, collaborative, interested, authentic & likeable
RT - With the powerful receivers that we have, the Atlanta Falcons should throw the ball like the New England Patriots...
Did they say if they look for people with journalistic background or just web/tech?
Making the most out of my time with the family.
Sheeeshhh......you just got over low key......
what's your handle? were all truckers here at the
I know what you mean, I'm going to eventually visit all my subs pages and watch the new stuff...but it will take some time.
18th street NYC you aren't going to know what hit ya!
Disguise or confusing the enemy?
There should be a word to describe showing your kids a perfect film that they have never seen... The joy of showing kids
Graduated from the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire
Updated my art inventory file to show the locations of all my recently sold art. I have almost 300 paintings scattered far & wide!
We are new every day. -Irene Claremont de Castillego
Party crashing...
"The only way around is through." Robert Frost
you can play "fag" chord tho
hey bro
crafting with cat hair...may be the only way to become more of a creepy cat lady than I already am.
my big board is part science part work of art.
I feel like I'm bout to die in this hotness <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Cultivate your own capabilities, your own style.
is there any deals with horseshoes? I'm want to get a horse and if I could find a good deal, i think the horse will stay,
:A very happy new year to you. May you live well, laugh often and love much. :-)
worst paper Ive ever written. i hope he enjoys the joe dirt and fresh prince references atleast
I`m missing my first softball game this saturday . UGHH But Family comess first so
Mafuckaz alwayz talk down on you -when u tryin make ya way u an den when u up da B All in ya Face askin 4 shit- bt when its all gone da gone
#FF to all . i love you
LOL! i would die if i stayed home "studying" all day btw wht grade you in??
RT : Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there
Hello my boyfriend! :D hehe
we've now got an #api but it's still private you're not allowed to see it (yet).
Colts got best QB/player, best TWO tight ends, and best returner/quickest player. I think they've done pretty well.
Jersey Bound with Allergies
I was totally grossed out by that article. Definitely plan on changing my contact routine!
eh then not to worry. I know it hurts but there are people I would pay $700 to never have to see again.
#CNN: The $2 billion LA Dodgers sale to GBM is complete. New ownership includes Earvin "Magic" Johnson (via )
new hydrobikes came yesterday. who wants a free ride this weekend? we'll be at the congressional cup!
i like irish girls
were there too! its so nice
search your own heart with all diligence for out of it flow the issues of life.
yes china must lead but we must do our part and in doing so rebuild
ill be at verizon Wireless in STL!!
*falls over laughing* knuckles? Muahaa! That. Is. Awesome! :) :)
Question: Has anyone ever been to Space Camp in Huntsville, Alabama? If so, let us know about your experience!
Gingrich...was a soft package of sour narcissism, like a moldering lemon w/ a sunken white fuzzy spot where his head should be
A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way. ~ Mark Twain
yes I did, need some help?
it would be so hard and damaging, my hair is so dark... that's always what's stopped me
c'mon....blow him a kiss, be nice
became famous with his speech supporting #creepy John Edwards in 2004.
"Don't have to be alone, because you've always known - Wherever your heart is my home." ::seabird::don't you know you're beautiful::
GN tweet peeps
I still haven't taken my small laptop off Paris time. I just don't have the heart to do it. I miss Paris so much!
cowboy nation CWO
LAX --> SFO on BOOM! Wing shots to follow.
I love how i ask a simple question cuz im curious & i get gripped at cuz the person gets mad
!!!! RT Keep my tv on when I'm going to sleep
JB = Jonas Brothers not Justin bieber
haha my kitten does that.. she purrs and plays with it too sometimes
Gnaaar... Im bored :(
Keep up to date with developments being done to increase the effectiveness of Google Places.
Holy antiques! At the Urban Market w/ Mom. I want it all.
I&#39;m just finna lock myself in my room all day today and do some soul searching.
baby im sorry (puppy eyes/face)
Girl Ive been bad again. Cuz with this money comes problems and with these problems come solutions and I use em
The Josh Garrels and Kate Lynn Logan is officially SOLD OUT!
I need convincing! Ha!
My definition of 10 minutes is 10 minutes or 600 seconds....all of my friends seems to be like an our or 4......
GET BETTER GARY NEAL!!!!!!!!!! YOU ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THIS SPURS OFFENSE!!!!!!!!!
using Sunday ticket how? Charging full price to long term loyal customers?
You say isn't it hard paddling out paddling out
Weeds is one of my favorite shows!
This kid always smells so bad, good lord.
Throwing HTML5 gang signs
So thankful to have such understanding people in my life
now is not the time to die of pneumonia. ok maybe im being a little dramatic BUT STILL.
Great to see a strong turnout at #SLA2012 but they really need to get wireless access included for everyone!!
Anybody in the #Milwaukee WI area? TBW is playing in your city April 5th at Mad Planet 8pm. Come join us for a beer and some Rock & Roll.
Don't forget to share your #FridayReads everyone! This is my favorite day of the week, I love seeing what other people are reading.
Some of best innovation today.. happens from the unexpected. Like - restaurants on wheels (who'd have thought..)
Twitter familia I have missed you today. But I had to do some apartment cleaning. Needless to say it took me the whole day :)
Josh Hamilton is a beast !
i gave my mom my drink, but now i wish i didn't :((
#WifeyMaterial...A girl Who dont have any sidelines or problems....no fussin no fighting, no games, Jus "Me and "Her"
Cool! When my wife was pregnant, she'd order O'Douls & turn the label around so folks wouldn't judge! I'm great! Date?
#nowplaying Only One - Sammy Adams ... getting ready for sunday
This rain is cute when you're in a Parisian cafe, not when you're on a #SanDiego freeway with ppl who've never seen rain before.
On April 13th at 8pm; am gonna watch #ABDC Season6 . . . Can't wait to see it so excited!!
#themost This girl with the stank face that just came into Simpkins <<<<<<<<<<<<
Your finally going!? :D
dat don't make sense
Celebrating my mother birthday :)
My school says I can't be absent 14 consecutive calendar days. I was at the last class and went to school yesterday. I'm not going today lol
plzzz follow your barbs it would mean so much to us
Are you coming up for the #Polar Express Meet & Tweet?! We'll have to get a group together for a #BmoreDrinkUp afterward ;)
I'm sorry! I'm just some guy with the same name. She's
Thank you for watching the show!
Can't wait to wear my new gown tomorrow!!
I can't wait for Game 3 of this series. Think WFC staff can remove all Boston fans?
sucks for you
glad you liked it!
I wish I had an #iPhone so I could share to fb and twitter..
Anything can provide you with a good excuse to give up. Yet nothing can stop you when you choose to keep going.
current tally is 8,000. But we aren't done yet. Come to the booth and help us reach 10,000
#degrassi tonight :D
Hey Darron Sutton, how's my ass taste?
The red head is like 17. She looks 13 0,o
thank you Haley!
Did you know? Smoking costs Calif. $9 BILLION/YR in healthcare costs & much more in lost productivity. We support !
“: Anyone on DrawSomething wanna play? :P” leash524
Just saw one the worse car accidents I will ever see. I pray to God that the people inside both vehicles are ok.
Let it come and let it be
Congrats on winning the Fiesta Bowl, awesome season my dude
I thought only fisherman lied.
song on #AmericanIdol lol I love it.
Great shoot this am for the short 'seize the day'!
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope or wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything. Napoleon Hill
are u a mistfit. That's what I'm talken about.
omg my neighbors are mowing the lawn at 1 oclock in the morning?!? wtf is up with them
To clarify, I'm taking a sabbatical from the #SMCsac Leadership team. Not I think we scared , :)
Just 2 more hours for the May Day Market at the museum... Stop by and check out the wonderful textiles!
"Everyday, 1 million people get the same idea for an invention. Only 1 makes it a reality. Are you 1 in a million Today?"—DJ(T&BNOV26)
is my new hero in my life
finna piss a lot of white people off with what i'ma do later on today. \m/
Maine fuck life
Thanks for following, Bill!
So we should have a slumber party in our basement is what you're saying?
What did Little Miss Muffet eat while sitting on her tuffet?
aye Jenna !(;
#first40songsonshuffle about you now- , Smile Back- , everything- (4-6)
Up and at it!
I just deeped throwed some toast
what's tht from?!?!
Book Talk: Hitler&#39;s rise through American eyes
When your creepin on someone and you accidentally like an old picture.<<< Uh oh they know now <U+E40D>
|#quotes You will either step forward into growth or you will step back into safety.
Happy Birthday Twitter ( *)>
I am a family guy super fan
oh. I meant the cafe in Tampa; lol
Gem Myers, , and Blow Wow f/ Tony Ruption def doing Whitney Houston Justice. Wish you could be here!
tired :'l
Newark-Essex Pride Coalition is having its first public meeting regarding Pride 2010 Wednesday Nov. 11 7pm Coffee Cave, Halsey St Newark
More like low rent than Lohan.
Just sold gold today and wouldn't you know it went down today :(
Yeah I Guess Lol
I enjoyed watching everyone push it that extra step this morning. You all definitely sweated out all of last nights mistakes.
Why She Delete It ?
You cast a spell on me , you hit me like the sky fell on me <3
Sign that I have too much on mind? Leaving my purse at the coffee shop. Thank goodness the good folks at held it for me!
To hear them laugh at all the stupid shit yall used to joke abt,
Blocked on Facebook: Done <U+2714> Unfollowed on Twitter: Done <U+2714> Erased from Cell Phone: Done <U+2714> Deleted from the Heart: Error <U+2716>
Nissan Infiniti Goes to China
10PM and still 74 average high today 71 what a start to May First 90 possible before week is out
It's the best kind of history. The kind most people would rather forget. The juicy stuff.
Yeah, and Niall would be the most fun :)
Its not worth it. So I'm cutting it out
If that's u, I'm sorry, but I can't be ur lady :-(
Only two more pages to write; I have almost made it through this week, as I have written 16 of the 18 that I have had to write this week.
happy birthday
Go easy on the cheese this National Grilled Cheese Day. Try skim string cheese paired with whole grain crackers as a healthy diet choice.
I presume u earlier differentiated between salvation & sanctification/rewards/treasures in Heaven?
july maybe idk
I think that Timothy Geithner kinda looks like Tony Goldwyn in "Ghost." I find this tremendously unsettling.
RT this! cleaning out our closet and giving away cool sports prizes! Drawing at 10,700, 800, 900 and 11,000 followers.
Wow, a worry-free writer? This I have to see in person. :-) Would love to connect sometime/place!
More must follows...
just wanted to say that your sister Joan was my favorite part of Shameless this season! She is brilliant. Sheila and Jody 4evah!
#Huguely jury asking about "causation of death" in a spectrum between involuntary manslaughter and 1st degree murder.
Apparently...I can get away with saying random things...Folks just say 'Oh, that Crazy Nix...she so funny' *blinks rapidly*
That's so cool!
What can you say? He's their only hope against the tar baby. Oops is that word offensive to The Blacks? My bad.
did he ever!?:o
I'm celebrating my birthday this Saturday at Tantrik. It's guest list only so send me your full name if you're interested in going!
On the way to wales great british championships !!!!.
Watching she's out of my league(:
Dear job applicants: It's OK if your resume isn't customized to our job opening. I don't even mind if your email to us is fairly impersonal.
#WhenAustin acts like a complete goof ball in his videos!
What do you put in yours?
RT : I am very proud of the fact that I have NEVER watched an episode of Glee and I plan on keeping it that way.
I'm sorry
We will help HELCO meet the State of Hawaii’s requirements to produce 20% of the state’s electricity from renewable sources by 2020.
14 days till DC Boy of Splurge Gang is Released from his 11 month sentence
"Legends of Aviation" event last Friday. Call back for national commercial tomorrow. And meeting to pilot presentation on Thursday.
& fucking left me in digital photography! Ugh!
thanks for sharing!
The dorito loco taco changed my life...so good
Thank you for playing in Nashville for our Preds! We'd love to see more of you around here. :)
So tired, may fall asleep standing up, or worse... Fall down some stairs.
Somehow, whenever I read tweets, I hear MC Bat Commanders voice. That scares me.
when the lockout is over who r u most excited to see play this year? jerebko? knight? monroe?
ready to see the #cards do work in #WorldSeries game 4
I'm just out here tryna kickit
Thank you for connecting! Please let me know if you'd like to read one of my plays or screenplays. Best, Matthew
You can do it. Same for me and then we are done! Graduates!
Bought tickets on the way in to work to see De La Soul this Friday at The Cabooze. Yes, they're playing a joint called The Cabooze.
I swear my nanny's peanut butter fudge is the best stuff in the world.
How is it warmer tonight than it was today?
The intro to Tales from the Dark Side ranks amongst television's spookiest. Still creeps me out. The show itself--not so much.
oh yes. I didn't get my speech until that bell. And they thought I was doing rebuttal & I freaked out & talked to my
Thanks for FF!
two kinds of juices! thanks for being one of my all-time fave students (and 1st sports protege)
Let the afternoon unconference sessions begin!
My mentions are dead-__- someone tweet me?(;
I am not capable of writing a pop song
go packers.
uhmm every one is asleep in my room if u come we chill outside or something
come to Miami please! We miss you!
Expenses: gas $38; breakfast/lunch/dinner $212; drinks/ tips $6
RT When Twitter goes over capacity, the world is clearly bored as fuck.
Watching the PIXAR documentary with the rommie :)
I'm trippin out on 's tweets... Lol.
Anyone have a hard drive they want shredded?
Wow it's been a while since I got on here lol
papa ruth is gonna get me shot one of these days
what if YOU have our picture?:o
black bean corn salad and Racing Santandar ties Real Madrid!
To rely on one player is silly and unrealistic. Bulls need to pull this game out themselves. It's not over
am i louis gf
american idol bout to come on #teamfollowback >>>>>>
Dear clubs and booking agents, a ton of twitter follwers no longer means a DJ has a following/brand. It means they have paypal & insecurity
GOD, Family & Friends always come first..
4 Pcs.Bedroom Set for $ 745. Dresser,Mirror,Q bed and a Night Stand EVERTHING MUST GO !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Come by and check out our page on Facebook- Third Stream Giants! www.3sgiants.com! :)
do you not have my phone #
Go Chargers!
Fun fact, the #ReadingRainbow theme song lyrics were written by a band called "The Degenerates"
So I'm unemployed tonight. That's weird.
Thank you Sweet Tea vodka for a wonderful Valentine's Day. We found love in drunken place.
Check out the commercial section of www.leighwatson.com for an extremely talented artist - logo work, creative murals, faux finishes...
RT : I'm enjoying how Europe is pouting because they may get a $1 trillion bailout instead of a $2 trillion one. It's all...
This headache is getting the best of me. :(
very cool.
Thanks for the help #SwaggyB is a legend!
Funny how people only compare Super Bowl wins, as if there was not an NFL champion prior to SB I.
NFL network is so much better than ESPN. They knew the Rams needed a WR and knew who they were going to take.
my life is a giant predicament.
#chartership Is that enough to balance not having professional position? I do lots of stuff outside work but not sure its enough
Power out for 1,400 Summerlin residents - right near Hualapai Way & Town Center. Crews on scene. Updates ahead.
At the Friends of Balboa Park ribbon cutting 4 a new info kiosk. built the digital display repurposing content from balboapark.org.
dude I'd call it a sixpak
licking it like you are in a marathon won't help you win the race so take it slow and lick her how you want to be sucked sextips
BOBBY I LOVE YOU
your secret is safe with me. And our combined 700+ followers.
I love so much!! All my friends have met him except me :'( Why can't my dream come true?!?
In the New Year we are ramping up our staff! C#.NET, Java engineers and test resources. Sharepoint and Project Management resources are i…
it's a good place to live, lots of money to be made here!
Remember, everyone is an "expert"
#gradschool #SJSUSLIS long day, but fun!
Your #SunStandStill prayer, based on ur Pg 23 vison, will mark your life, achieve the impossible, & put u in the middle of the move of God.
Thanks for your post, as uncomfortable as it is to read about you and your girl.
I like them when i see them at the end of the rainbow ! LOL ;)
Happy Valentine's Day, everyone! So much love Baked goods, candy hearts & sweet messages abound.
thanks love<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> miss u!!
Family Night is Starting Right Now! Get a FREE 4ct. Nuggets Meal with an Adult Meal Purchase until 8pm.
My boo butt skills on the tat gun is legit pic comin soon :-)
Follow the nxt Senator from #Connecticut: Currently reps my hometwn of #Meriden & has been supporter of #DC in US House
Actually, I think the Ann Romney comment illustrates just how diffiuclt raising a child is. And it showed her in a human light.
A strong core protects the back. You don't need to move to develop your core. The core functions to dampen movement not create movement.
RT : Happy Mothers Day. Love the hair!!!!- thank u thank u
No harm meant by that post. I'm married.
This Saturday, celebrate Ben Franklin's birthday! Play with static toys and learn about Ben's varying roles by magnetically accessorizing!
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.-- Maureen Dowd
We (Hope & Hannah) really wish you have a very awesome, lovely, great, amazing, most special Birthday ever! we love you so much!
Hi, just had one other reported instance of issues with links. Open rate very high so far on the newsletter.
Put that bottle of champagne back Broke ass club owners are a Joke . You need rehab cuz real talk stop stealing from yourself ! Cuz<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
How much $$$ would Santa get if he actually got paid for all of his endorsements?
Working with brands like or as a chef can be a positive experience.
I feel like tweeting something but I have nothing interesting to say.
#7: Fur farms in the U.S. are the only sector of animal agriculture unregulated by the federal government.
S/o to and my brother for fucking with me and keeping it real #WEST !
Please welcome to Twitter! Hope to see you at #iste11 JB!
R u back to being my neighbor in the hotel?
Happy Birthday! #BBN loves you!
Jek, gone but never forgotten
Cool video, but I'm confused. Did you already have your birthday or is it coming up? If the latter, when?
ah damn
Savoring last few days home before heading back out w/ and co. Lil' Rock Wed. Let's do this!
YOU BOTH ROCK! Great to meet you at the event!
yes you better say that its so good
great article the other day abt Roddick's career with no Federer. Love to see comparison with Leyton Hewitt's career w/o Fed
Pleased to see my organization mentioned (Orchard Village) and our needs highlighted! Thanks for the shout out!
I've seen them show up within a few minutes, after someone tells me they got it, to 4-5 hours. Then some just show up
At paul brown stadium.... caw!
We'll leave them with their regrets.
we hope you enjoyed the show!
Spinning tonight at Envy in Route 66 Casino! Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Sunshine coming again. People kayak etc, don't realize if they get in, water still so cold they get hypothermia..in 15 min. Careful.
Haha, you're right. Not.
thank you!! :) “: Thanks for the time. The community appreciates your hard work”
GREAT DEAL GREAT SHOTS HEADSHOTS @ a RECESSION Rate. $115 (Regular Price $200) 2 looks and Retouching included www.flickr.com/mikeflowers
Wow RT : HUGE interview on today: Goldman Sachs Chairman & CEO Lloyd Blankfein - live at 11 ET. Another First on CNBC! $GS
Someday everything will all make perfect sense.
with them biscuits and gravy girl
if he isn't up by 7 we might need a search party jk
and I'd be all right, if it were just til st.patrick's day. At least you're not getting broken up with like John!
Mothers day gift ideas?
is this really that surprising to you?
I'm just sayin' you could do better
would be cool to see hashtags africa tweets even if i need help translating
damnn havent been on this in a while!
Unrelated: is anyone else seriously freaked out by that Fergie Cherry Dr Pepper commercial?
Thank You! : <3 Happy weekend!
at FYE on Broad St. right nowww!!
I kind of love having all of these #MLS games going on at the same time. Makes for an exciting Saturday!
cheer up. You've got to beat that tests ass now!
You're not a thermometer your a thermostat. The thermometer adjusts to temp. But the thermostat sets the temp. SO let's set stuff in order
ohh shit then you should be on the big screen then.
Bill Polian is talking a/b how Cousins complements Griffin as a QB...you can only play one at a time! What the hell are you talking about?
Keep Subtweeting The Bitch I'm Going To Go TF Off!!! Like Why Are You Acknowledging The Hoe. You Got 2 Minutes To Erase All Of Them Tweets
Damn right I got it. Damn right I'm bout it.
aww you have a twitter my bff haha see you tomorrow lol(:<3
it's 420.....gonna get ready for sleep.
Bailey Zeil Throwing Knife, Stainless Steel, Leather Pouch Reviews -
Another day in paradise...
Spot on, Ande.
Volunteering IS SEXY!
Long day/: new schedule!
watching tv ;o wbu ?(x
Oh, with what software?
#Obama: "Congress needs to double the number of work study jobs". Loud cheers.
Excited for hosting Miami session Thx Great having 's Pres. Dr. Padron &more
Fear is the foundation of most governments.
COME MAKE ME!
This some bullshit.
Pacer game with the brah
I like pass/fail for sure.
Ooh oh! Chemistry?
GM y'all, big day today, lets make it happen.
sent you dm asking for your eml because i don't have it. Would u mind sending to me?
#CabinInTheWoods. That is all...
#BeSuretoDrinkYourOvaltine Merry Christmas everyone :)
Would you like free promotion? Please email me at for details!
well are you surprised?
Congrats to Joss Whedon & The #Avengers for having such a huge opening weekend! :)
how do.you think I feel.
Spending our first honeymoon night having room service in bed
once the featured artist section is up and running we will be in business
Helped set up an interview to volunteer at the Hospital this summer with a little help!!!! Thanks Jim Aksamit!
...think I'll listen to 4/26/02 on and take my mind back 2 the mtn. Hard to believe 10 yrs has gone by...
that is some #chingadera! Sorry!
: Please back online #poker. Licensed U.S.-based horse race wagering sites show sites can be regulated & age verified. Thanks!
miss you! And I know your work tomorrow is appreciated.
just sent it again
Bored. Waiting.....
#anygivensunday maybe best #football movie of all time and
The fact that Android sucks is irrelevant, as was the fact that Windows always sucked. The best products don't always win.
I spoke with a potential tenant of the Fallsway Spring building. HE and the developer are asking. WE should talk about it...
Which do you savor most: The first bite? Or last?
“: Did you watch TLC at all? Thought I'd say Hello! Haven't seen you on here much...” I watched it :)
please write this up for SM so that I don't have too -- I think I might get an aneurism if I take it on.
Looking for something free to do Friday #SanDiego? Check out for a FREE tea tasting at 5pm. 3009 Beech Street.
I love soccer
ok I'm confused. Site looks like it hasn't been updated since 2010""
Ugandan doc looks great! I'm manning the sound mixer at the party tonight
No problem! : )
i love my life cuz im doing me enjoyin life til i can't do it anymore never let anybody stress me out cuz im always doing do ain't got time
Watching the trailer for Prometheus scares me. that sound is just too much...... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
is atlas.
Whoa. Scary stuff.
What's that mean?
Already working on Allegro's next production called Avanti! Very exciting new vocabulary of movement :)
They moved it to tomorrow night
Half hour left on some spectacular items and tickets! Call 414.258.2537.
Simple amusement: when you buy Lärabars at Walgreens, sometimes they show up on the receipt as "DIET AIDS"
Just listened to the teaser for 's song "the drug in me is you" and I think my head just about exploded. I can't wait to hea ...
Good morning Grand Rapids! Did I miss anything while I was away?
irony: drawing trees on paper
Google Law: an open and easily searchable law database that would empower citizens to be their own lawyers
Persistence is a great quality to have in GOD!!!!!! It will take you farther than your mind can comprehend. #don'tloseyourpassion
I still think should have won for sue
agreed new twitter handle ""
RT im feeling totally left out, ignored and it definetly aint good ecspecially if its coming from my best friends
#30thingsaboutme. 1: I love learning new songs on my guitar. It's become some sort of obsession in a way.
its on your front page center under fresh produce
": we gotta link up on a track soon my dude!" Let's do it man! U gotta beat in mind? if not I can send a few I got
I wish my best friends lived at my house. It would be so much easier.
Gorillas in the mist
I ALWAYS STAND WITH NEKO. RT : Saw "Girls"...Why isn't it called "Trust fund girls"? Also where was the "edgy" and...
Hint #3: I am sometimes referred to as the Chinese version of the American staple, BBQ sauce
What kind of hair do oceans have? ...Wavy hair.
Spring Fever! Ready to get outdoors and enjoy some fishing,boating,camping, and hunting? I know we are!Get out and start an adventure :)
You're on twitter! Been a busy week. Going to do my best to have a proof to you on Mondaisy. Does that work?
yes, my friend who tweets me said 50 people are outside milling around, it's open. : )
how is NYC today?
St ides mixed berry! Ol skool!!!
Thank you for the follow!!
#WhatwouldItBeLike if #newyork invested in communities instead of using #prisons as an economic stimulus plan?
good luck with that! I don't have it in me :-/
YES HAHAHHA! <3 with jamiee! the pretty girl i showed u (:
No, your ears are smaller, and you are MUCH better looking.
This job is gonna have me tan as a mother fucker from working outside. Lord knows I need the sun too
is trying to figure where to take SF peeps for halloween stuffs. pressure's on! can't be just plain getting drinks...must be special drinks.
Follow me
Us too! RT : We're broadcasting our opening night performances live on radio this year and we're pretty excited....
That would be Awesome! :)
thanks! we hope you enjoy using it!
New Label on the come up, Trill Talk Entertainment L.L.C Follow
RT : Good to know you & your music, Aoede/Lisa! favorite artists are sopranos. : ] TY Following :)<U+2665><U+266A><U+266B>
happy birthday to my brother - wish him well, you stupid cunts!
good idea...cupcakes for all thanks
Ran across this Zappa quote today, "Music, in performance, is a type of sculpture. The air in the performance is sculpted into something"
Really proud of who is directing The Mousetrap University tomorrow night...pay what you can..starts at 7pm..come out!
Feeling dumbfounded...
#Jellyroot in studios right now!
wish I was in nola
Thanks for watching! I will be around this summer doing Braves LIVE. Hope you will tune in.
"Fire turns to embers, embers to ashes. they blow away to soon. Now everything after you is like having wine after whiskey."
I love listening to college coaches and successful high school coaches talk. Learn every day and you can achieve anything!
So I'm invisible to you now? That's cool. I have always wanted a superpower.
Damm those rapid releases really release rapidly. <_>
Hey hey hey! Did anyone swing by for a #SUBWAY breakfast? I did and I'm ready to rock this day!
phone autocorrect sorry bout it. :)
Are u ready for Hurricane season? 305-232-3344
Like how this power point does not work when its supposed to work
LOOOL BLANKET SWAG
Just back from Everest and Annapurna base camps. Have great articles and pictures ready to go. How can I work with you guys?
Lolz MT : Kessler NH Predict! Bain Capital, Huntsman Xiansheng, Gold Standard, Tiffany's, Operation Rescue
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada .
enjoyed the LPs. #1 Caveman multicolored side best- 4th song+ #2 Julian Lynch #3 Red/green LPs green grooves #4 Grizzly side C
Flute Summit at Yoshis Oakland tonight. The Bay Area's best across all genres. John Calloway leads. Check out chipboaz article about John
I like pleasure spiked with pain...
you coming out for the AVN's?
see you there!!!
that was all ball bad call
i don't think he is andy i think he's a comedian;)
They sent me home from the doctors office. Taking advantage of the sun & getting my filth mobile cleaned. Yay Pink Elephant. :)
Yes, it's true, believes there are 2 food groups: Nuggets & Strips. More knowledge dropping now
I can help you get rid of some
NOW IM READY FOR THE DAY
I think I need to be on
Neil on Happy Rhodes - so cool! RT I've got a bunch of her albums I was given around 20 years ago. Good stuff.
That's what it means
Oh ya an it's my favorite day of the month. Alcohol inventory can kiss my ass
You should definitely stop by. Unfortunately, we don't have anything gluten-free at this time.
Brake fluid leaking. But we will still land on time. Probably making up for the delay by eliminating the time they normally spend BRAKING.
i have no respect for daytime television
Bout ta do i long over due collab wit the homie m.e.
Deleting you from my life completely, bye.
Just spent a beautiful spring day at the Potter Park Zoo.
Okay im glad im done with school this year but all my friends still got till may or maybe june to finish up..
“: "and that next summer" Michael: "I'll be 6" hahahaha” hahaha I immediately thought of you during that scene
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Moms out there!
Looking to do a long training ride tonight. Maybe out to NJ or 4-5 laps of central park.
Watching intervention and hoarders really makes me feel grateful. People have real issues.
If One of the GOP candidates is behind this Herman Cain slander and it turns out to be a lie that candidate is an instant garbage can file.
In Daytona, she want me to bone ha(Her), damn!! all I bought ha(her) was a shot and a corona.. -Jadakiss "By the bar"
RT communication is key. Rest is vital for all patients/caregivers. make sure to maintain other interests. even reading
I'll summarize it. The Flyers D is awful.
RT : one of few beers I buy casesesss of. ME:I was considering a case of this after my Hopslam and Storm King are done
Is there some sort of source for this description?
Oh, you beautiful magpies!
thanks for the shout-out! May God richly bless you this coming week! †
Another weekend, to much running around just usual!
You embarrass yourself with all the stuff you post on twitter....
I'm a sap. 'After the love is gone' for me.
bitch i might be
Nap time killed that to fast......Z
ahh still one of the best nights of undergrad. i was watching the video we took after the other day
I just signed up for my FIRST triathlon! Dewey Beach Triathlon 2012 bring it on!
I was wondering if you could help me and we have the same birthday as Alli and we would love for her to follow
omg, 67 orange won the cocktail battle!
BLM is 4 every woman of all backgrounds n4 the men who love n support em! It's hard finding good people 2 support n believe in your vision.
thinking bout #oomf & cracking up lol
"& happy mothas day to u both, IF u r mothas" -toll worker in nyc to me& thank gawd we're not like jenelle
#ThingsThatILike Shania Twain's Come on Over album
the flyers need to get off their periods and start playing like men. they have so much more fucking potential.
Glad you enjoyed it! I was just listening to All My Sons with #JulieHarris. One of my all time faves!
what happened?!
Hello world! Enjoy your Sunday! Don't miss the promo to get 10%off your purchase! It ends tomorrow! Use promo code GLMLAUNCH Greylinemap.com
Today's words - The mess you are going through now is preparing you for the greatness to come!
RT : We are the generation that can give access to the analog past. -Brewster Kahle via Jill Cousins
TY for follows:
“: i'm proposing to zayn actually.” gosh, who are you married to these days? :p
Carving a pumpkin! Only thing I like about halloween
Can anyone point me to data indicating that consumers are less forgiving of brands than in the past?
#6wordstories I need to study abroad, now!
Have fun, it's Friday night!
Commencement invocations are captive religious torture.
#schoolmemories skippin in csi when it was in the auditorium
Writing show reviews for the updated website. I almost feel bad for being brutally honest......almost.
I have to work... I'm so mad I can't even enjoy mothers day ;(
I came to a realization that even family will turn on you. :/ like why!!!?
When we stop looking outside ourselves for solutions & start to come into ourselves...
playin left4dead 2 secert maps and i have just noticed they have a zombie that looks just like George Bush. 2 bad . I blew his head off
Being the only girl AND wearing heels....MISTAKE
Will you be at the Elimination Chamber PPV to hype up your return at WrestleMania? Can you give any insight as to what you'll do?
Webinar timeslots are filling quickly. Don't get your feathers ruffled, make an appointment today so you can start selling websites too.
The shit I think of at 3am.
is in the house in the second row! Just went up and said hello!
Never underestimate the power of setting goals!!
That hurt me when I read it RT : My dermal got ripped out yesterday by my brother
I love watching an NHL game, especially when it's my Boston Bruins. They've dominated the Leafs this year.
My dad has been trying to get me to play Golf for the longest. When I get some money, I will invest in some clubs and try it out.
There's always going 2 b people that hurt u so what u have 2 do is keep on trusting & b more careful about who u trust next time around.
Are you trying to "re-live" your childhood? Are you there setting up for Calling All Sports Saturday?
im coolin son wya wit it
“Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone” <U+2015> Pablo Picasso
you tellin me to move out my house
Hows that for the old man .....
Congrats to Matt Maher graduating today with honors!
I am with Kate on state right now
When I go golfing, I don't use a putter, I just kick the ball. Minimal effort with maximum results.
Its giveaway time! Like my page on Facebook ;-)
Colonials played well. We are proud of their teamwork, we'll get the W next Saturday!
lmao I bet u would have take a pic and tweet it to me
#NowListening to Off the Ball, a funny sports talk podcast. Catching up on my Motherwell.
I Am beyond happy to be home.
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
I still don't like Steve Nash's face.
waking up to thunder and lighting << #scaredtweet <U+E40D>
were still playing with prison, we used for the iowa tournament
Neighbor gave the dog a Milkbone on his way out. Other neighbor gave her a t-bone from his dinner that he saved for her. Damn she's spoiled
Dear MN drivers. Roll down your freaking car windows! Its heavenly spring weather outside!!!
It's rain people! Not fire balls falling from the sky. DRIVE!!!!
IN LA AND IT IS HOT
Why I'm planning on homeschooling. :)
Bruce would eat your throat and mount your corpse. He will stand for no such folly.
The sun is shining, the birds are chirping, the skanks are cuffing, today is gonna be a beautiful day.
Like that? Haha got you !
Got the Fat Burger!
Those tears you can't hold back.. Having some right now.
What's poppin houston,TX in ya city trying to party for my bday so wat it dew
RSVP: FR Productions
Ok eat clean and get dress
My is so good, I might as well have no insurance at all.
": Hanging w my bestie " - So enjoyed ur company we gotta do it more often!!!
- SMH !!! Thinking you gone send it to me thru emails but shidd fuqx that doe imma get it on disc
Why is it *good luck?
Listening to marketing student presentations who used SBDC clients as case studies in class this semester. Some great ideas being shared!
I just now realized how much I love pudding!!
Did Charlize Theron win an Oscar just for pretending to be ugly?
I got a tan for once in my life!
I know u haven't made your mother's day resos yet. I can help. Let me know what H2S restaurant you want to go to.
lolz= laughing out loud zebras <U+E402><U+E057><U+E415><U+E056><U+E414><U+E105><U+E409>
Great presentation tonight by Anthony Molinaro of Slides and Video to be posted soon. #erlang www.erlang.la
TONIGHT TONIGHT IS THE BASH! LET'S ROCK!
3 Crucial Affiliate Marketing Tips
Out of the frying pan and into the pentagon city mall. Rescue me from this hell twitter.
"I was given so much more than what was taken away from me"
MT : Honored to be joined by Libby Doggett of for conversation about #homevisiting policies at member meeting
: Great news gathering.
Tomorrow celebrate Mother's Day at Ward's! We are open this Sunday from 4pm - 7pm Free glass of house wine & dessert for Mom
Twitter is lagging . who agrees ? RT !
This day just continues to go down hill for me.
you had to bring up Kit Kat......you wench! -starts scratching-
RT : wow. just had a magical moment during commercial w/ Stern & Fallon as Jagger & Richards & Mick Taylor as...Mick Taylor
Exit Twitter, close laptop, get into bed, unlock phone, check Twitter.
So is random screaming a phase that 2 year-olds go through? Why does my sweet little boy randomly scream at the top of his lungs?
Oh, I see. Huh.
like they way the attack is building from the right side. Haven't seen that for a while
thanks!“: Your vegan chocolate parfait is awesome, even though I am no vegan foodie. Great alternative indeed!!!”
Glee was ndkskskskksosmxkxksmsdisnsodnsosk #AMAZING idk how I'm gonna make it through the season finale NEXT WEEK! #graduation <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Junior Seau was one of the greatest... Terrorized the Chiefs for years
Pool!!! Im hoping for Coronas and bikinis.
Crazy day with my crazy friends getting crazy!!!!
i cant lie. I really am thinking about just going by my last name. Its catchy
Im still up
Thank you! RT : +1 RT : Best Lincoln-Reagan dinner ever. Great job and !
Yes you can
Excited to do some work with our friends , Thanks for the opportunity!
“: NONONO I HATE THAT THEY JUST KILLED OFF MY FAVE CHARACTER NONONO! FUUUUUUUUUUU THE WRITERS OF #GREYSANATOMY -____- I'm pissed”
I have 4 tomorrow. Well, 3 + 1 CB. Im seeing about 50/50 union / non-union. We all win :)
Thanks bud! RT : Wishing a very happy birthday! Be sure to give his band a listen.
#shoutoutto the beer mug!!
. my fav skirt:)
"The biggest challenge in life is to be yourself in a world that is trying to make you like everyone else."
I have never watched the show but with you on it I would be GLUED to my TV. Literally.
i love to
Library Journal interview w/Recorded Books Troy Juliar: "The CD still has five years by our estimation." (Dec. 2011, p. 78)
Roll bounce.
Fans are king. It really is about building a strong base.
Hi: - Thanks for following me!
I Love Austin Mahone With All My Heart <3
Eveyone is hanging up on me!
Do you the sync set up to delete photos from the phone?
I remember a while back, where I used to talk to most of my followers and had friends. Now, I barely do :(
heyy:) dude im so ready to open our photography shop.
Having dinner in clarksdale,ms with Morgan Freeman
Support SOLAR & we'll support you - 24000 new jobs expected www.brighterenergy.org/17722/news/solar/us-solar-companies-to-create-24000-jobs/
I respect anyone in the Navy, better yet anymore who's fighting for our country.
What MLS software is throwing the MS OLE error? Seems ancient, haven't seen that one in a long time.
Natural Health Study For Female Weight Loss: Receive Compensation up to $400 for Participating in Natural Health Clinical Trials. Sta...
#protip Always taste your drink before you leave to see if it was made properly.
Austin is weird. I'm weird. We're meant for each other(;
planning on it eventually. Probably next year or so.
quite possible that September will be the busiest month for us in history.....I LIKEY. #my city # promotions,
Had the county jail call you to post my bail... Can't believe you didn't have my back...
11:00pm; AC running nonstop; still 82 degrees in the house. Time to call the AC guy - hope it just needs freon.
RT : R.I.P to one of the best rappers who ever Did it You will be missed tremendously!
When are u free
Thanks for the RT. I wish I knew about the AMA while I was still in school because I would have definitely become a member..
“ Patience can be the hardest thing about life sometimes.”
Learn How to Methodically Rewrite Your Articles | Seo Blog
the Akwasi Frimpong Foundation just gave away to #theShoeFairy in Orem,USA
But kids seem to know the latest about what the literature says about how dinos looked--feathers are a popular decoration.
BAY AREA BUYOUT FOR #BELIEVE(: #40DAYS !!! :D <3
Harker Dirge pins Torrac Hayes with the Dirt Nap.
marshal needs to come back. He is there only hope
who likes my new icon?? :D
that had to be one of the most attractive tweets ever lol
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?
thanks :) i was pretty excited about it!
i'm getting my makeup done atm. Soon c:
Heritage High School Students Use Wake Electric's Newest Technology To Learn ... - Sacramento Bee
I like being high it's a better view <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080>
its friday...we call it the pre game before sat nite...open bar 10-12 ladies $10 guys $20...great way to kick it off tonite
please follow me it'll mean so much to me ! you make the best songs and you are so cute ;D ur sons are adorb<U+2665>
FB Bush graduate Demarcus Gatlin off to a good start for Sam Houston. Former Yates star Darius Gardner leading the way for SFA early.
your welcome, thank you as always :-)
Angry Dragon!!!! Although the imagery invoked by 'Spiderman.. Spiderman..'
thank you
#MayTheFourth be with u!
SHUT UP. And yes, I think they should, honestly.
RT for FREE FOOD!!!
When coming up with strategy for ur website, consider what will attract heavy content sharers.
She said she never been
"Smells like... victory."
you should be here already... we'll catch up. Have our event tomorrow - then a lot of moving parts the rest of the way
man i hate it when i have a good attitude but when i greet someone they shoot me down with they dirty little attitude
when did start archiving? #CokeArchivesHangout We started collecting in the 40s.
HOT HOT HOT! 99 to 90 Miami takes Game 1 YES!
You were in marching band?
When a girl ceases to blush, she has lost the most powerful charm of her beauty - Gregory I
Most famous people acts like assholes.
Nice workout. Shower time!
Jonah hill fat or not fat i love you :)
#WordPress #Tools Batch Categories – Makes it easier to add posts to another category, or to organize posts when importing from another blog
how have you been!!!??? Just saw you scrolling by. See you at #140edu again this year?
i bet your sister do that because my brother do it
I'm making a study guide
Waiting for Project Runway. Will post pictures tonight.
omg have I told you about the squirrel I got in a fight with!?
brb crying because rIGHT GIRL
God is Marvelous..!
Or to at least see where your head is..
activated Blackboard eWarning system-- automated mobile phone, voicemail, and email system -- patch of Bb 09
You don't lead by pointing and telling people some place to go. You lead by going to that place and making a case. -Ken Kesey
how much each?
Hi to our newest volunteers! #Boston #GiveBack Pls RT!
day off, at a sports bar and no drink?
congrats gil, you a twitter celebrity
Tried to watch "Eat Pray Love" on cable. Only could stand it long enough to watch Julia Roberts "Eat".
#InMiddleSchool every single girl in my grade hated my guts.
Wait a minute...Christian Bale...BATMAN...is English? I need to get out more.
I guess I'll just eat my ass since there isn't anything in this house.
If you have not tried Moroccan Mediterranean, try it 15 steps from our door. Just had the Lamb and paired really well w/ our Syrah.
get yo ass back on twitter
She thinks i'm cheating the
MT : Thks to all who supported #UWSocial over past wk & our worthy rivals at #SconniePact-#CheeseAlliance rides on.
it was a song!! LOL my drunk ass...
spoken word is basically dramatic poems read or spoken infront of ppl.
How much you wanna bet Austin is only going to RT people when they say they bought the new Popstar Magazine.?We all know it's true:/
#6WordSciFiStory - Just woke from hypersleep. Where's everyone?
awww , : ) gonna be around Erie , bestfriend lil sister party , you ?
I'm about to put together three mixtapes!!! First one is set for June 3 Second in July and currently finish up on the third now
Preparing to hear The Goodby speak.
well I'm enjoying my iPad I'm doing more geek multitasking now than ever I love it. I've been going podcast crazy lately :-)
Bad accident in final laps in Nationwide race at Talladega, driver being cut out of his car...
Mango/Orange or Grape 50cent's street king energy shots tell me with one has the best taste
Great new spot
Donkey show
I know. I want to. Is she like underground? Do it. Can I be flower girl? Haha
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana almost banana
Quickly #Chargers at No. 18. Cordy Glenn or Mark Barron (trade up) or David DeCastro.
Thanks Bridget! Hope you had fun last night!
hahaha I know right?! Well, Logan with longer hair(;
which jasmine we talkn about, cause ive always wonder how my own ass be tasting like
#honestly I hate Being single.......
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.
That's pretty crazy!!! Is everything ok?
Future comin to the town tho
Man, Lexi's word vomit on last night's
#churchplanters Your vision will only go as far as the leaders you surround yourself with!
sorry. my fault. trying to instigate a bidding war and jack up commissions.
its .. yeah he is really cute<3
All Softball is rained out. Kickball at Unthank and Gabriel rained out. Sewallcrest Kickball and King School Park Kickball are playable.
Hey ! Loved your West Wing Reunion vid! Check out walkin' n' talkin' for Season 2!...
Damn I'm mad tired =(
DOJ says: “The facts simply don’t support the claims contained in this report."
when is bazaar Miami opening? I REALY want to have my best friends bachelorette dinner there. We're flying down in June
Never, ever help from strong side corner against even average players. Vs good ones it's automatic 3 pter
hiya - How are you? It's been a while.
im gettin the twitter updates on my phone thats next to me but im tweetin on my laptop...
Can anyone recommend a good, reasonably priced self tanner that won't make me orange?
Prosecutor: We don't know what happened but she probably didn't want her kid so she must have been responsible.
I hate school :/
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new one
you always had that drive from our jammin g days again congrats.
This week's Weekend Update goes directly to the Hall of Fame reel. Three of the best, & your priceless reactions. TY!
u were just talking to me and on fb u said we made ur night so make ashlees and follow her <3
We wish IL Senator Mark Kirk a very speedy recovery. Our thoughts are with you and your family, Senator Kirk.
Tell me you made it to the Haunted Mansion.
Heyy you wanna please followww me it would make my lifee<3
I had lots of fun with you! We need to hang asap!
follows me please : ) im fans of u :D 5
Or requires being korean. I wonder if it's going to be removed from the app store entirely.
It's just rain!!!! Drive, people.
hey Karla wassup? lol I think you think to much for such a beautiful girl lol. cheer up girl ily :)
Meat eaters: What's your number one meat to go on a pizza?
My left leg is longer than my right leg, i just noticed after 18 years of life.
I already left //;
Motivation gets you going and habit gets you there. Make motivation a habit & you will get there more quickly and have more fun on the trip.
Thank you darlin! It was touch and go there for a little bit with those burpees.
G shit, did she retire? :(
Woah! David Duchovny on #TwinPeaks. "That's a good color for him."
#nowplaying My Never - Blue October
I'm BACK on TWEETER..!! BE GONE for to LONG!!!
Making lists and checking them twice. Done and done.
I know!
Miami got the best 6th man the refs!!!
Flying out in 4 days to the Philippines where I'll be living for a while.
said goodbye to Tsipi?
if with jeans - skirts, no deal!
#iftheworldendssaturday, SO F'ING WHAT? You won't notice any difference, trust me...
Very cool!! Can't beat the weekends for catching up on the things you love :-)
<--- sitting in her bed with sunglasses on
I Want 2 Go Out Wit U So Bad Ur Beautiful
Ohh your so sweet!!! =D your def. one of my Twitter BFFs =D x
Check me out on radio4by4.com with streaming video and sound from the clevelander hotel
Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something, and has lost something.
HELL YEA!!!!!!!! THOUSANDS YEARS OF DEATH!!!! :D imma start doing that to everyone.
Thus the name “Zanbeelart.” Art is story telling….. scripture of the times, unfolding fantasy and reality.
Really? It was a legit penalty, as a manager I would think Wenger would have conceded that by now...
Internet? Let's do it. RT : Not YET there isn't... RT : please tell me there isn't Kenneth Branagh/ me slash.
Johnson: Music appreciation courses are ridiculous! We don't teach driver's ed appreciation. Teach music understanding!
Two #comm100 instruction sessions in two days. Surprised to see so many familiar faces from other comm sessions this semester.
Packing anything while drunk is just a bad idea.
I'm coming to school tomorrow, i don't care what these doctors say.
I know. It's not that. It is the timing. Too early in the semester for reading day.
I'm having a bad fantasy year!
It depends on purpose. If it is formative then yes, I will assess same content again. But, the questions will be different.
my maiden voyage to Noble County...
your Like Pioneers poster is gorgeous. Saw it at Atomix. Stunning. Almost dropped my chai latte.
I feel like I have a lot of those "yea I could cry" nights lol
will do even still have alot of my free gifts Im going to get them all together
at our new years party, we are going to have pen and paper to let people make goals for 2012.
other rumored bands i hope make it = weezer, decemberists, florence + the machine.
just going back to twitter's roots y'all
We got this. Watch out ATL, fear the deer!
Dude the season finale of #TVD n #TheSecretCircle were off the chain
Congrats to our friends at Enterprises on the opening of the incredible new ICON Exhibit. and I loved it!
it's probably cause we don't live in Ohio lol
YAY! Welcome back
At least it's not just me :) I finally just googled ffmpeg GUI and got something workable. Won't give me my 8hrs back tho.
i need to read where the wild things are. it has legitimately been years.
Chris Brown doing his best Q-Bert impersonation at
She did something strange for a piece of change..
I know, it was just a reminder. I saw him play with you in the olden days (when our instruments were made of dinosaur bones).
Where's the day of thanking us spinsters for not kicking our nasty genes forward into a new generation?
Well done! A true accomplishment!
already craving a jumbo hot dog from the bradley center tonight
lol okay i figured
Intros are done. Questions beginning.
First issue I've ever had with my Mac, had to reinstall Leopard after trying Snow Leopard. Damn.
It rained for 30 seconds literately n everyone vamped except me n obie
It's going to be one of those very long days. On the other hand, pizza for b-fast makes me feel like a kid again ;-)
Guess it's my turn to man the merch table :(
Getting ready to sell my current iphone on ebay!
Hey , get your #Snowmageddon website ready for it's second life.
Good Morning! Today starts a brand new year! It's the beginning of many good things that are going to happen. Are you ready? Let's Go!
you should like him :) he's nice :) and plus he is selling wristbands for a child in Provalia to help her ;) that's nice :)
enjoyed watching the Seminoles on Saturday.
A shotgun, a prowler and a taxi. Police say it ended with the cab driver shot in the stomach. CBS 11 News at 6 begins in minutes
Mizzou probably smells like a strip club during the weekends.
Just played freeze tag, hide and seek and red light green light with my little cousins
RT www.greeniestproducts.com NEW! Lovely Legs (remove varicose veins naturally), Fucothin (non-stimulant metabolizer),Acai...
WHERE? :P
A successful life is one that's lived through understanding and pursuing an individual's own path, not chasing after the desires of others.
this info may be best used by payers, policy makers and regional planning bodies for trauma
GREETINGS! Happy birthday from Shawanda Sheray...looking for volunteer positions...in the education dept.
He shouldnt be smelling like this...
love ur song and video. U are truly are talented. #<3 walkaway
mystyle Q &A: Wicked Fit 's Sola Oklena Katie Boyd put all her eggs in one basket sponsoring Sola Okenla in Miss Massachusetts, so mystyl
#who else wants unfollowed ima n d mood now 2 unfollow so just tweet it
Did you tune into the live stream of Coachella this weekend? If you didn't, you missed Tupac perform. Yes, THAT Tupac.
Your order will arrive by Saturday! We're shipping the same day on orders before noon and next day on orders after that.
I miss u :( Please tell me ur teaching Friday
Mr. Gingrich, why should the American people trust as president one who provoked the federal govt shutdown in the 1990s?
We miss you! See you Tuesday
My bookmarks seem to have emerged from #deliciousfail entirely unscathed. Hopefully those code fixes will be coming quickly.
what happened to the old hair? Lol
Party too hard over fall break? Well, hope you're ready for THE HANGOVER. Thurs-Sat at 7 & 10 PM, with matinee Sun at 2. All shows only $3!
how is ?
True! RT : TRUE/FALSE: Big Ben is the best QB drafted in the last 10 years (one of the #AroundTheLeague boys think so!)
find and ask him to arm wrestle, or smoke a jibber. Suspect he'd be down for either.
lmao totally. After she called me her protege I was amazed Hahahahaha jk
two compliments on the beard this week #success or #sarcasm ??
you are a freak... Creeper
one day I am getting to your amazing store for Have a great day... Sell lots!!!
Write any good haiku lately?
Tango lessons are going on now! Don't miss out!
aww this is cute :)
What chapter, court etc.. you with?
As of now... I'm on a mission lol
aw, and here I thought we were on a first name basis.
Put it in a bag of dry white rice over night. Make sure the phone is completely submerged in the rice. It'll absorb the water.
Hey , I'm having trouble pushing my geodjango app. Anything weird going on?
move away lol
can u goo on skype please <3
I'm lost and weird without you here
I just found out that it's National Princess Week!
Hey you guys are slacking! Show some love for the Gold Club and you could win FREE LAPDANCES, ADMISSION & MORE!!!
Hanging out with friends talking about , but in a good way, Justin I am a huge fan!
ask Kathryn- she moves home Friday so she can help you if you need it! She's full of ideas!!
I'm good. Loving the weather today. Working from home. Getting my drink on later lol
Which school?
Get Right!! J. Lo Rules!! Why did her show get axed by TLC? I'd rather see her than Octomom for sure!!
Off to bed. Up at 4am to drive new MINI to MKE airport. Very excited to play some great songs with old friends and see others.
We're flattered :) RT : I love you. I mean, I've only had the Fusion Green & White tea, but I do love you!
I'll admit it, I even have Into The Now, and it's not entirely bad.
this pic is so adorable! Yay teeth!
Very well said.
Using instagram and twitter on my brothers phone
omfg. YES. My brother is leaving to college tomorrow morning. :D I get my room back. \m/
ugh! Hot glue strings in my eyelashes!
i feel like i am the only one on the planet who has not seen the hunger games, LOL
Does Nick Diaz finally make the move to boxing in light of his recent setback?
Time for TGIFriday's.
Freezing from sunburn with Erica and stef. Struggling to leave our beds this evening.
lol today hit my line. You in NY?
Can't wait to post my new headshots after a fantastic session today! Watch for them in a week!
About to head South for #SMCSea, the one year anniversary party for Social Media Club Seattle at Spitfire Grill downtown.
Well this looks like a huge waste
I'm raw
i'll be there!
Big goal by Gaborik! Rangers needed that
I wish there was an edit button for tweets.
i know im sorry...just had more important things to do...but im back baby in full effect!!!!!
I want that so bad
Kentucky 75 Kansas 68, KU is a tough team but Kentucky to long and talented.
Call is overturned. Charger ball on the half yard line.
Guess who's in front of ? Welcome!! #KefirTruck is at Southport and Newport!
I know you bad , but i want you badd !
Great road win Hawks'!
some only go 2canvas calander 2enter assign (5 min) and then enter grades in grdbk-they link out to lots of other stuff
I cant wait to meet u at Vidcon!!! :D I was there last year but I didn't see you! D:
Im falling apart by the second.
language makes me not want to go to sleep ever
consider it done :-) I could have it there by 1220
Hi b. You are the only one who reads this
thanks for great coverage of #50thRolex24 while I get my workout in. What's the latest on ?
Apparently I didn't get it earlier.
What an intense workout
So stoked #Les Miles will remain the coach at #LSU!!!!!!
Prepping for tomorrow; Capturing J & E becoming ONE! Super stoked that our newest team player Rubin makes his debut!
me too
that's how Miami girls smell <U+2639>
If i fuck with a bitch, she gotta give up her money for me to stay with her!! shited lol!!
I'm so tired. I just want to sleep.
What #education topics are imperative to discuss? I would appreciate the opinion of and pltwky
right now we are planning on "Buffalo". What you have in mind?
that's so crazy!
I want to see the devil wears prada in concert too! Ur a lucky girl :)
Waitin' in line for da bathroom.
Ah, no worries. Just giving you a hard time. :-D Have a super duper birthday!
nice tweet! Hope you like the App!
Music is freedom
I STILL rant about that when I think of it. Evil, small minded, petty asshat
#MayMorning. Feeling very nostalgic for Oxford.
Don't get it twisted I jammed hard to Pink Friday...so should I condemn an entire album b/c of that "Stupid H*e" monstrosity
Been slacking at my
Sacred Spaces a journey of Sufis exploring S Asian pilgrimage routes of Sufi Islam.by Samina Quraeshi program Asia Society N.Y. LACMA
Keep having flashbacks of last years meltdown at Vancouver.
I'm not an alcoholic-alcoholics go to meetings. I'm a drunk. We go to parties
Well done, Brothers! RT Congratualtions to our 13 newly initiated brothers of Spring 2012!
Can't sleep and my stomach feels incredibly empty again. Wtf. What is going on here?!?
That was a good one. EConf finals!
if someone has never heard of the product or brand then the job
Finished the 1/2. Feeling pretty shitty but happy that I accomplished it!
My TL is pretty crazy right now
Scared to publish alone? collaborate! (nudge, nudge).
Kill me. You dont even realize that your horoscope is so fucking true. Mine too. But im not clearing any air with you. Fgt.
Still shocks me when the guys from my auto shop remember me.. I'm a faithful customer.
The Topic of Can of Corn
The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said. -Peter Drucker
fuuny, all you did was rehash the yahoo story, with no other facts.....
had some happy hour and is now off to an audition.
- Thanks for the RT! Romney is a bully, but nobama pushes little girls. Did you read that?
The Queen night on AI - These contestants just proved how damn great is. These songs should not be sang by just anyone.
FASHION TIP: Using a hair straightener (carefully) to get our collar wrinkles & edges works great!
i fucking hate everything
'Make Him Like You' has so blessed me! Anointed and appointed Woman of God can't wait to hear future projects!!!
Walker Rebate Wednesday! Ride your bike, take the bus or walk to VIA for 20% off your bill today.
Twitter shows Until I have more followers I can't follow any more people which sucks cuz I do wanna follow everyone that follows me, love ya
It is too hot for this...
": There's a fine line between perfectly crimped hair and frizz. #90sgirlproblems" white girl weave gone wrong
love u justin with all my soul
need to start acting
Fascinating ideas are precious. They can change the course of a company’s revenue, or change the course of history.
Please bullpen... Don't blow this one
LOL!! Yea really...that's facebook for ya!
beyond earlier today? This is very possible. haha. We'll have to investigate this.
like I always tell you, "you gotta get your priorities straight."
thx for the follow and i followed back :)
One last hit n im off to bed...yall be easy n I'll get wit ya tomorrow my twiggas
Fun fact from WSJ: Vegemite was originally produced to utilize yeast byproduct from beer brewing. Australia, I wouldn't expect less.
I absolutely LOVED the last episode of Vampire Diaries
whoops, neglected the f
Shows are addictive. Shows are my drug & true love. LOL.
I registered at the Charleston Hotel under my own name. Several young Virginians, eager to be Confederates, arrived at the same time.
Shailene Woodley is such a doll! And what a fabulous mod take on a classic style- beautiful!
Yep, today is going to be a great day!!!
On the first warm day, on the first warm day in May <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
the other photo they were going use had the kid texting and sucking. Anti texting campaign.
Brewers done? Are you insane? It's May, hardly even a dent in the season. Find me in October I'll be the guy laughing at you
Without a doubt my favorite team is the !
no but me correcting your spelling makes me conceited lol.
I am so Hungry.
Screening Alice In Wonderland tomorrow morning...CAN'T WAIT!
searching for a Human Resources Manager in #Buffalo New York. FOOD MANUFACTURING
That should be Druid Park Lake Drive.
Just woke up
Little Caesars Bowl TODAY @ 430PM !!! Our Featured Handicapper #MrW has a 3* Total !!! Do not miss out !!! www.BPOSport.com
#SometimesYouHaveTo seek help to care for your Senior Loved One.
#HurricaneIreneshouldhavetaken no1 cause its devastated many leaving them no where to go its not a funny ppl who thinks its funny
how was msnbc? Congrats again
Don't blame the marketing department. The buck stops with the chief executive. John D. Rockefeller
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one. Hubbard, Elbert
w/ credit to you, alt: "Psycho, I'm liable, to go Adolf, take your pick / Hitler, Eichmann, World, War II." Due props MuchDuch!
Just read about your move in Tom Daykins' column. Great spot. Congrats.
thanks for following me!!!!
Looks like you're off to a fine start! Your Wordpress theme looks familiar, hehe, I like. DM for contact to share tactics. <3
Sitting in the park with zeus. What an intoxicating morning breeze!
Never regret anything that has happened in your life. It cannot be changed, undone, or forgotten. Take it as a lesson learned. Move on.
Those days when all you want to do is sit on the porch and spark one lol
Shooting today at for a new promotional video
Still kicking it in the studio... Work, Work, Work!
RT : "Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans." -John Lennon
"What difference does it make how much you have? What you do not have means much more."
I work 4-midnight. I think it's ridiculous working till midnight....there's no need for it, I just talk and waste time!
I think I have an account...
#nfldraft #Jets are on the clock...this oughta be comical
are u here at Colts with the rest of the first timers?
Make people laugh more!
. im sick of it ! sick of it ! totally sick of it !
": Thanx a lot judges for pissing a fighter off so much that they quit!" When life gets you down...QUIT. smh
Notifications from twitter done ever show up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
haha I guess so since we made 4 pizzas for 3 people!
The 3 C's of life choices, chances and changes.. You must make a choice to take a chance or your life will never change.
Dont believe what u hear and only hal of what you see Retweet if you truly understand this<3
#bookofmormom has a great time tonight!!! Thanks for being super amazing!!
I guess that includes jerry? LOL does he feel big to you LMAOO xD
Sep 19 2009 Book Signing by Author and former NFL Player of the New England Patriots, Elgin Davis for more info go 2 fosterbuddies.com/event
lol thanks Ian. headed to bed now
me too get at me
when is your next album out?
yeah I saw they were discounted on there
Thanks! Gotta earn it everyday right? Countless orgs allow this-scared to pressure them for fear they will "take" the client.
Looking forward to it!
Your breakfast burrito. I saw your free offer.
They might not need anybody else but Kemba...we'll see!
just overheard a guy with blonde bangs, pleather jacket and bandana talking how he was old-school punk b/c he listens to the Ramones. Wow.
i love to become an actor but u cant find nothing in here and i was going to see if i can have a interview with yall
You can't spell.
one more final! one more final!
Forget Linsanity, Knicks with bad losses against Nets and Hornets.
Sorry to all the people I DM'd involuntarily, this is indeed spam that;s been going around and I am banned from DMing for today.
heard some of ur music...sounds great....
im very undecided at the moment but u know me I will pull down on ya in traffic if u wanna get out with me :-)
Bubba Watson- never had a lesson or analysed his swing. T.Woods is analyzing the s@#! out of his swing. Interesting!
what r u doing
Save on your energy bill this winter with new windows! Call today for a FREE estimate: 888-441-5085
i kinda owe you a pair of jeans so...
": Man you an flying is rough!!! #Truth"<--- Composure is the center of my philosophy on life
For anyone who sends me a confirmation email when I opt out of your email list, I thank you. I will file this accordingly.
We is hillbillies and shizz.....
I'm not much of a pocket book puppy, but boy, there were some cuties in Vegas last weekend!
You don't want to go down this road, dudes. I will END YOU.
O how the Miz has fallen
I am a Plies fan..
I used to love that song.
hey bill thanks for real life talk in class. That school needs a lot more of that. Thanks again
def on the same page #bffs?
Oh, it gets worse. Someone has filed under my social alredy so now i am a victim of identity theft!
I remember when all my shows were 30 min.
Good luck this season!
but it is so cherrrrryyyy berry......heh. i want to try that 26.2 one....
And to all a good night ! (I'm tired!!)
I better see you later for revenge
Please only serious inquiries! If you're looking For FREE play alongside the BEST in todays industry in Pgh's biggest venue, DONT BOTHER!
If One Direction does not get slimed. There is not a God in heaven.
Hey MKE, be carefull in walkers point area. Gun shots very close to 5th & Washington area (2nd + National). No squads yet
Your support is important to us. That is why we are offering GREAT deals that are exclusive to our followers :)
<3 how's mary
On World AIDS Day, December 1, Ticketmaster will donate a portion of every ticket sold in the United States to fight HIV/AIDS.
Our Friday Local Author series continues tomorrow with June O'Donal...author of "The Fryeburg Chronicles". Noon to 1:00pm in Meeting Rm #5!
I got chocolate on my shirt :/
i cant wait to go to sleep.
I share EVERYTHING on twitter RT : No one cares what you did in your bathroom..I Pead
China Garden got my food biz tonite after concessions debacle in club level.
i wonder if #oomf remember that promise they made
#Theresnobetterfeelingthan proving everyone wrong.
How the heck do I have ANOTHER lunar?? Forget connect the dots, I'm going to become one big lunar
omfg. my hair right now. -.-
Our Want For 1D To Get Naked is unbarable. the trends in this fandom, I can't even. X
Don't ask for my opinion and get mad when I tell you the truth.
Congratulations, Jean! So happy for you, and glad to have you for a colleague, too!
Haha. I just wanted to say that.
Live on your Android on Tune In radio app radio on ya laptop radio
Charger and Padres!
oh, and whoever said the camera adds ten pounds, is wrong! But let us know if you need 10 glazed doughnuts...
Thanks EDUCAUSE for a great conference. #edu11 Everyone should now make plans for ELI in Feb.
What you resist, persists.
Lol at people making fun of me because I'm a belieber.
Wasuuuup mufuckah where my money at? #allstarweekend Lets go!
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summer time
its too hard to text with this splint
It's ok Stu. I'm hitting the wall at the moment. How are you? I've missed you!
President Obama not only believes in Gay Marriage, but also in evolution. Double Whammy!
GO VIRAL! Look good in an entertainment scout, A&R, concert promoter and radio programmer's eyes.
Hehe. You have to laugh, just not often! :)
I need infinite buckets so that I could puke in it.
that's such a good idea!
she said u anti now smh
I've discovered the trick to toddler nap time is to tell them they don't have to take a nap.
Going to bed. Night .. I'll try to get a reply from you again tommorw! Sweet dreams. :]
got my rest in, ready to train hard CLE TRAIN HARD OR GO HOME!!!!
good ones!
I look so disguistinggg.
n/p
My teacher is such a bother
#nowreading The Hunger Games
Beating a dead horse -> this whole digital vs CD vs vinyl debate “: Am I the only DJ tonight who's not playing with a laptop?!”
I always get seriously depressed when school let's out
I need to start checking the weather before I leave for work. I always seem to under dress since I base my choice on yesterdays temperature
i'm working on it
lol. No! I just wasn't hungry and remembered like 17 errands I forgot earlier, that's all!
“: Did Bobby Brown introduce Whitney to drugs? Call in 760 967 8863” No, stop fishing let it go.
DC: MAYOR GRAY/CHAIR BROWN. it won't be long before you get down to the business of uniting DC. We look forward to the change..
Don't start making me feel everything is my fault when we both know most of it was on you.
We're having a very short general meeting today in Donahue 220 at 1 PM. Try to make it!
Balls hard
Which is kinda awesome
Cool! Sounds fun!!
hope you liked the news!! =]
RT : Now I followed all of y'all you can't say I dont follow back now <<<hey now I didn't say anything lol but thanks for the fb
Crunch time studying
Ammar Abdulhamid:"The price of silence in the face of oppression is death of the spirit."
I wish I was sponsored when I play my games. I have amazing gameplay that no one will ever see cuz of that.
how dumb is Chris Broussard going to look if The Decision isn't MIA?
Mayans: is the lack of air conditioning on the your first move? Well played.
I played album so much that it broke and I had to get another one.
Im not allowed to say hi ? I
Do you overshop to hold on to love?
I love writing those kinds of stories. I can't wait to read/listen to your book. I love the reader.
Thanks Matt! We are good w/ three tho! Hahaha
i liked it, she didn't go figure
Break of Day, Shoot The Moon, Red Sky > Blue Sky > Red Sky.
When is the last time the twins played a scheduled day game on a tuesday?
Rest in Peace-Etta James. You sang from your soul and shared you talent with millions. Thank you.
Identify your problems but give your power and energy to solutions.
Remember: #MittRomney actually wrote #Obamacare in Massachusetts BEFORE #Obama became president
shure is, shure microphones of niles after all - time to come in lay down some tracks
We don't see things as they are; we see things as we are
I'm downloading it now I'll send it to your email
w.e and yeah I asked for u to go with us on the april 21 haha!! And ik u don't judge!! Miss zombie lover
Listening to Little Jimmy Scott #neverjudgeavoicebyitscover !
True: Same disadvantage as being on wsop.com Internet tables this summer
send it by DM brotha so it doesn't get taken down.
If you see a tornado coming toward you, please make sure you have your camera ready.
I hate when people try to ack like something tht thur not!!;)
I hear you girl. Before you know it - will be scorching and sunny every day! :)
Experts Say Miley Cyrus' Sexy Image Is Hurting Her More Than Helping - PopCrush
Lol @ how Christina Aguluiera (or how ever you spell her name) hugs the beibs last night
Kudos to for not lip syncing during New Year's Rockin' Eve.
Going to sleep sounds so nice right now
Good things coming soon. You ready, fans? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
First tweet of my account! Well on my way to being an active participant in the medical library community.
: Just discovered you via the Great job, unique sound & style! Thanks for supporting & #equality 4 all!
i'm not sure what MOles is, ha. i ended up going through priceline, got a killer deal.
DVR catch-up funny on #30Rock -also #RulesofEngagement #ParksandRec & #TheOffice Does anyone watch shows when they're actually on
Getting back on the tweet wagon after a few days away.
I once was an ice cream binging Jenny Craig diet counselor. Seriously.
Only 8 days left until the Championship! Very exciting stuff.
Just finished live interview with Rick Crandall on the Breakfast Club morning show on KEZW 1430AM. Thanks to all of the loyal listeners!
The moon would look EXTRA huge there, huh?
Well, another day down... It's bed time with some good ol' #BluegrassMusic playing in my ears!! Good night and Good bless...
Have a great weekend everyone!
Traveling to the olympic national forest.?
still looking for server side devs?
Okay, cool! I want to make sure to be able to do some shout-outs for it.
looks exciting!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Oral-B Single Use & Disposable and most oral care products.
what's up? Lol nice name.
I look forward to following you too
editing, sorry. :)
Yep, I'm a social sleeper.
Give DC voting rights and statehood!
happy birthday, tay! (:
The two players I hate the most both missed their respective penalties: Ronaldo and Ramos. That made my day along with Real not advancing.
I like Hardy a lot this year as well. I'd even take a chance on Jeter late if you can't get a deal on Castro
Reminder that tomorrow is the last day to order your SENIOR CLASS T-shirt. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0095> $10.
Always welcome a new day with a smile on ur lips,luv in ur heart & gud thots on ur mind & u'll always have a beautiful day. Happy new month!
Hey Joe, I've been waiting for a new episode of fear factor but nothing. Season already over? Cancelled?
Huh. I never thought of this MT - kind of morning you wear snow boots to keep from falling and carry dress shoes (for) work
While the toddler is chilling out with Umizoomi, I am downloading samples on my Nook. :)
Happy Mother's Day!
Its because Im a landshark
Some people explain complex ideas with such precision that they cannot be summarized. Their words ARE the summary; there is no reducing.
...and that facemask call courtesy of the Pittsburgh Chamber of Commerce
Come see the Creative team's new collection on Main Stage this weekend at
Thank you!
Absence diminishes small loves & increases great ones, as the wind extinguishes candles & fans fires. -Francois de La Rochefoucauld.
I agree. we may have patrick ewing syndrome where we actually play better when our star big man is out
QUICK NOTE: If you're going to the #CU v. #CSU game It's on SUNDAY NOT SATURDAY!!!
you need to have an active game to add players (DG0ba-ui)
Whered you get the wigs??? love that :)
Listening to Frank Sinatra. Oh, if only the men who flirted while riding on the trolly/dart-train these days weren't sketches... :/
We re about to do an interview on TODO A PULMON on radio Bilingue!!!
Have you tuned in yet? It's not too late to jump on the bandwagon! Come have the time of your life! www.happyendingswebisode.com
Two devoted and loyal people with the faith that anything and everything is possible = soulmates
William & Cheryl KILLED IT!!
A kiss with a fist is better than none <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Saturday night, chilling and listening to some vintage radio. It's a good thing. Alcohol may be involved soon, so watch out for wackiness.
Made it to Saudi Arabia! Man...this hotel is AMAZING! This is how I'm meant to travel! LOL
You're in luck man. I just finished working on my Slash tone. I'll put it on YouTube and share my settings with you tomorrow.
I know <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> we planned that like 39383 months ago! When's your birthday?
too funny! See you Wednesday.
OPINION: Decriminalizing marijuana was smart. Now, let
My account has been hacked. If you get a message from me about some funny picture, DON'T OPEN IT! I did not send it.
It's raining pretty hard in Denver right now. We will keep you posted on field conditions for tomorrow's Browns games.
This kid got heated in 4th period for no reason
Visual Intelligence received an award for our presentation at the 2012 Riegl Conference.
and St Norbert College won the D-I Hockey title.
Let's just turn #wiki back on so that there can be billions of people that believe whatevertheyread and complain about govt manipulation
do i know you ?
what up u....what's goin on wit L2???...follow back
Why is it that there is an Unlike button only after you Like it?
... but I love this idea!
So the end is saturday and its going to rain! Can we at least have one last good day. Smh
is going to spend pretty much the whole day in Rockville or on GoToMeeting.
First dream about you in a while. Hard to wake up.
can you follow back? :)
yay added u!
Going in to a long term strategic planning meeting. Fingers crossed. Maybe toes too.
Eric Hicks is in the building tonight.
and this just made me cry harder.
Thank you to the Joint LV... My first follower.. Woo Hoo!
I've never been in a blizzard
Admission: Totally thought that song "We are Young" by FUN was Tracy Chapman's new song. Vocal Twins!
Thanks, Michael!
cause quick RI turnover, fast break leads to a goal by Sean Murray. #Spinners lead #Rampage 15-8
RT :KATU News is back on DISH Network, starting this evening! We are happy to announce the return of our service to DISH!
congrats!!! Very proud of you :)
no, they'll make you sing!
Looks like is celebrating #valentinesday by tweeting a bunch of quotes from the #SCUM #Manifesto. lol.
Cobbling together old #family pix for #historian #mom on
In awe of the team from Markham Public Library at the Doing Away with Dewey #ala11 Love librarians that don't play by the rules!
why not!?
I just found an unused VS gift card that I was given last year. Score!!! =)
Congratulations Silicon Flatirons and kudos for a great event honoring Dale Hatfield, mentor to the telecom bar.
Anyone concerned about all the new returning ex offenders coming to our communities?
so awesome! Congrats Jen! I can't wait 2 c u on Boardwalk! :)
some loser from Philly started it.
Honor to be among the finalists teams and proud of our team for being the grand prize winner of the UW Business Plan competition
curious why my phone is always on roaming? and i'm not traveling anywhere outside my town?
Mom's spaghetti.
Cool story bro.
Make it a day to remember
Staff are attending #effectivevirtualmeetings workshop today! How do we best use videoconferencing to have great meetings?
If you are an underclassmen and you honestly don't like me, unfollow me please.
1st episode of "You're Beautiful" Always a great pick me up to watch
Looks like a lovely afternoon for a bike ride...
Celebrating 's bday and on the decks.....hella fun Friday night!!!
Just two kids, stupid and fearless.
Real Estate News: Charlie Sheen Set to Buy Beverly Hills Home
Thanks to all are new followers Hey dont forget to check out our page bonzgrafx.com also like us on fb facebook.com/pages/BONZ-Gra… thanks!
I must have been on Alligator Alley when you were. Exceptionally beautiful light this evening.
Another amazing South Florida day. Anyone seeing any live music this weekend?
In my best Mike Epps' voice, Mo Money, Mo Money, Mo Money, Mo Money,
she loves cuddling too ^^ I love her eyes!!
someone slap me in the face
Way to go California; Prop 8 down for the count.
#AmericanIdol Jessica & Holly did The Bangles justice with their swinging rendition of Eternal Flame!
I'm surprised you know what she is lol usually when I mention her, people don't know what a chinchilla is /:
Shit!! Why didn't you invite me to see this broom action. Always the last to know. Sigh.
I'm looking at pictures of puppies so I don't kick something. It's not helping.
hey whats good?
Scrapbookin'. I'm such a loser lol
FUNdraising teams are going to kick ass at amazing race!!
Out of 7 classes only 1 final exam so far. Mostly papers & presentations. Catholic U.
What's the app you use that shows you the sun track in the sky?
Good Morning tweeps!! FREE Pastry day @ Starbucks! Ends at 10:30 so go now! :-)
16 year old girl deported at trolley station in national city...
Looking for a place in Sac with my gurl. It kinda sucks but hey its gunna be well worth it. Looking for that downtown night life.
if you trust someone because they say i swear to god, nuff salad
Hey baby, hope everything is okay! :) i love you very much baby! :D #alwaysandforever! :)
Guess I'll go see her if she ever answer the dam phone?????
goooodmorning everyone! don't forget to come out to our first open house tonight at 7pm! discover what makes us proud to be <U+039B><U+03A0>X :)
Favorite Movie voice- Katy perry! ASDFGHJKL #SMURFS2?
Let us know if you want to sell your house.
Two hours til #shehechat! We'll be talking about preparing to present and/or speak at the office or at an event. Join us!
Really excited to get back to NY tomorrow
Is that to say "I look great today?"
when do you work this week my love
I just got soaked by a 3 year old.
I wonder if Cher and Lady gaga marinated and grilled her steak head dress at the VMA celibration dinner
Hello. I found them online and just copy and paste. Search for Facebook text symbols.
oh it's just floating out there waiting to be adopted
You are a kind catch 'n releaser!
why do I feel like our pets heads are gonna fall off?
ya fuck that sucks! How much were you going over?
YES! “: I want Liz Lawley's boots. #il2011”
Glad i d0nt hav that on my list of promblems!
948 and counting.... 52 more LIKES to go! Let's get to 1000! Go Trojan fans, go!! See up at the game! Traveler
Rapped up with her T-shirt on, got the lights turned way down low, radio got's her favorite song and she's singing right along.
That's totally fine because I can't stand Blake Lively. Leighton & Ed make the episodes lively, which Blake does not.
oh GOD, yes!
hey sarah follow me plz
#nowplaying a breath beneath by the absence
Milla Jovovich is Sexy to me especially in her Resident Movies! Lol
SERIOUSLY failed last time I met I was so congested I could barely talk. #lame :/ MUST.REDEEM.SELF.
I think would have been a cooler handle.
The intern hard at work!
congratulations to you both!
Great Job Honey. So proud of you:-)
so we are ready for you at BCC when you are.
One day. Hopefully one of us will be able to tell the story of a lifetime.
3 US libraries and one in Europe were development partners
; i know you got my text heffa
Radio stations! Please play some jazz, tribe called quest, eric b. rakim, ojays, switch, rick james, sade, anita baker, prince, najee???
ESPN has the 2003 NFC Championship game with the infamous 4th and 26th, I feel like throwing up watching this game.
that he is. I admire Barry Trotz. Thanks for the tip.
Does anyone from want to be on the same flight as other members for national conference? DM and I'll give you details
I officially declare today a snow day. Drink 'em if you've got 'em.
BCS doesn't matter today. Chattanooga, Georgia, Alabama matter.
I feel it im at work now lol tweeting
He enjoys taking what he wants until he realizes he has to take care of it.
Who gon stop me?
RT : Imagine a world where guns were replaced with dictionaries. via
So what do you need to risk today so there are no regrets tomorrow?
After 4 weeks off to recover from the accident, back at #p90x today. Hello 5am.
Hey everyone just wondering what to do ??!$
You should be! Not gonna lie LOL
For now.
I hate the kids who always talk about a certain group of people but don't have the balls to say anything in person only on twitter
don't open the door, Howard...
yep. yep.
Our town hall meeting in Ward 3 tonight starts at 6 pm at St Columba's Church, 4201 Albemarle NW.
He could always recall the warmth and tranquility he felt at that moment, which he would understand as an epiphany of love
Calling calling U do hear me is anybody there
i would. Haha. I'm free. hahahaha
#TGIF! There are only two days until #Christmas, how many last minute shoppers will be out there this weekend?
feeling pretty good after hitting the #PickTHree 2$ -> 205
thanks.. good afternoon now :)
Just tried the salt & ice challenge. I don't see what the big deal is. It doesn't hurt THAT bad. :P
Ron Leibman and I just worked on a song from "Anastasia".
Really need to go renew my expired-by-two-days driver's license but am reluctant b/c I'm kinda having a bad hair day. Plus I need a haircut!
Hey Would You Like To Take Part In Oliver's Fan Video? If So, Email .uk A Pic Of You & Your Message =') <3
Baseball weather hits next weekend!!! (but will it stay? oh please, oh please :) )
Flat tire on Friday, broken cassette today. Training wasn't this complicated before.
hey love.... anytime!!!
Go get em haus! : Out for a Saturday night cocktail. Tequila old fashioned. By myself. #ShouldBeEmbarrassedButI'mNot
well? Somebody DM me his email, or vice versa.
We asked students if they were coming to intern in NYC for summer. What about the new grads? Let us know if you are becoming #SUinNYC! :)
“: Me, Jaiden, & Katrina at Cumberland and we came by Bakers to see you but your not here! :(”- im coming to yall:)
looks good(:
It's father's day and loving every minute of it. It's one of the few events where you literally create your own fans.
So of course Kenny Brit decides to surpass his SEASON TOTALS against me. 225 yards and 3 tds WTF IS THAT
I Azusa! I don't rain all that hard but all the water is drippin off the roof right by my window an it's super loud.... -__-
Manning got hit hard.
Congrats, PC! :)
Is it acceptable to moan while getting your hair shampooed? If not, then I apologize to the employees and patrons of Kidz Cutz on 3rd.
glad you agree. :)
Just watched "The Fighter." Doesn't paint a pretty picture of Boston family life. But, sorry to say, it is so realistic.
wait what baby
welcome. Now go to the internets and read/watch ALL the opinions!
hahahah pillows! i love pillows. dreamin bout #pizza and #nutella. laying on
I have fallen for in a big way...
I'm never quite sure if the remains of my food are more appropriate for compost or biodiesel.
i always get the weirdest fwds.
$3 wells and all drafts, and select apps are 1/2 off. T-F 4-7, weekends 11a-2p, and all day Mon! I like too!
amen! “: "If the Shoe fits... You need a dress and a bag to go with it!" ;-) xx”
Healing in a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity
RT - My mama said the Jacksonville Suns can beat the Jaguars . Lmao sad, yet true !
#GuyCode I smashed her....
lady antebellum deserve that album! 3
did u c jb on the voice?
things are great, will shoot you an email to catch up!
Go go! Happy Labor Day weekend to all!
#amc2011 web server has been holding steady at about 1Mbit/s / 5req/s for the past few days!
A good margarita, a good red wine, I like expensive alcohol, but not a lot of it. I don't like to throw up. ~ Denise Richards
Now that you mention it, I should hit the gym.
in Tennessee now on my way to visit family...ready for a relaxin weekend!
School sucks!
You have to ask? You mustn't know about Dater.
How rude!
yeah. Immediate block. Also the generic egg avatar kinda gives it away.
We're also flat out outnumbered.
SmallBizLady A2c) Use the HELP Mantra. Help others, Engage People, Listen First, Promote Yourself Carefully. #smallbizpgh -7:08 PM Jan 17
I knew there would be a group of younger kids on abdc this season trying to replace iconic boys. To bad the girls suck. Hahahan
I got rid of four kitties in less than I day. I'm such a good person
Someone in Kansas drives the good ole Lexus I once drove through a pedestrian sign haha good times right
putting Siri on English (austrailian) so it talks with an accent >>>>
Thank you Nick! Best of luck! RT : Thx!! PackerNation for the love.
Can't blame Liz Lemon. If Paul McCartney forgot who he was, I'd tell him he was my boyfriend too.
That was funny.
Waking up bumpin my ipod & my sister hugging me.! Tehee ^.^
Sitting outside enjoying the sun and listening to the birds- got fill the finch sock so the little piggy finches don't wipe out all the seed
When a person refuses to look at what they are doing as wrong then they have no reason to be honest.
#yourock for that tweet! I was thinking of you earlier while working out a problem. You're always helpful and full of energy!
Now flying LA to home!! Always interesting people to watch at LAX, hah
Desperate. In a good way. Shooting everything. 0-0 though, with a few too many turnovers in the neutral zone.
I would, but I'm in Michigan. Blueberry on my special order list for work tomorrow.
According the the US Census, a family of four making under $19,157 is living in poverty. How much did your car cost?
guess you'll have to get that spam bao for lunch instead.
I know Zach wanna slap the taste outta Blake! I know I do! And Chris Paul talking all that talk.....Grizzlies the better team! Period!
line of the night "what my name is?" Lol,
In lieu of internet service until next Monday #poorplanning I'm watching
Rainy days suck! Duck into The Pub & Restaurant to stay dry.
Comedy Open Mic Night! 8pm. $2.50 Yuengling Drafts & $6 for a dozen wings. Laughs, drafts, and sittin' on yer ass. Sounds good to me.
You have GOT to be kidding me. A grand slam to Stanton?
misses u!
The awesome is coming to speak to at 7 p.m. tonight in PSFA 308. I learned a lot from her the last time she spoke!
why would you wish that on me?!?
PSA: Please stop it with the surprise mailto: links. When my unconfigured Outlook app grinds open, it makes me not want to contact you.
I legit didn't see you wrote this 1 min before I posted it. Great minds, sir.
good is the enemy of great :)
Heading for some shuteye.
I have to talk to her about this once again
Dear Christmas,, I'm wasted
Why am I craving a margarita at 8:30am? Oh, that's right - it's Jimmy Buffett night here at the !
why am I not gettin them?!!!!
actually we should wait til you're in college
no i need more followers -.- lol
Wow! The Hunger Games had the 3rd highest-grossing opening weekend (in the US) of all time! Pretty impressive for a non-sequel!
Nice lips or nice eyes?
with on in TEN minutes! with calling in at 5:15pm PST!!
had a lovely time on IndyStyle this morning! Registration for our 11/6 Etiquette Tea closes at 5!
what has been your fav #SXSW2012 moment?
fuck you Monday.
200 activists camped out in central Moscow to protest the election of Vladimir Putin and arrests of opposition leaders.
Well it is what it is boo! Stay cool
These two little asian girls just started yelling and laughing at me and my dad l0l okay...
Learn something new! RT : I didnt even know "wastey face" was a pairing of words that could be used in a sentence
I am awesome at 2 things: making turkey burgers & the bonus round of Wheel of Fortune. As evidenced by the last 30 minutes.
Just put wild music on my p3
If one more of my former campers (currently aged 15-16) posts on facebook about this movie signaling the end of their childhood....
yes they are but not till Monday of next week.
yeah. names wouldn't matter if culture is good.
Congrats on the #iPad! If you send funds for grad school, I'll send funds for apps.
woke up to a blissful dog pile: four kids and a puppy, tangled covers, shrieks and barks of delight on a crispy-clear Saturday morning.
no prob :) what are you doing
Farmer's Market at Cathedral Square today, and then a private event later tonight. Make sure to book the truck for your own parties today!!
least this walking to work, running around after kids and no lunch breaks mean losing weigh is easier :)
belated congratulations on the award! you deserve it, you amazing multitasking, creative-thinking,dedicated librarian-to-be!
Everyone's raiding Looney Tunes in the middle of Boylston. So Berklee I can't even handle it.
finally had chipotle for the first time in forever, never felt better.
Global Perspectives...SMH..This needs to end now..
Toy pa' mi.
Hopefully we win!!!
Nd Your Reason For Giving A Fuckk Is? ? Let Me Know
One of our members may or may not be being serenaded by Diego Val...
Langley said he went to the board of UCAN with complaints about activities, and Peffer sent a letter to the board.
I stayed away for almost 4 years. Came back and not much had changed. Unsubscribe!
RT : how Jay Spearing didn't get man of the match I don't know, he was phenomenal for Chelsea today
"CP Time" lives! LOLOLOLOL! No worries brother. we are all BUSY!
Morning! Can't nobody do me like the Jesus!
LoL! Thank you! It's kinda creepy like it's trying to peck my eyes out or something. Eek!
Dinner's on the grill, and it's been an absolutely splendid sunshiny day!
That pitch was right down the middle! Im sure he was pissed they didnt throw him a curve outside & in the dirt to swing at.
how about a fiction book using some of your experiences, kinda like secret driary ofna call girl but with
#SomeHoeSomeWhere is in alot of pain, lacks self love, uses sex t as a bandaid for that pain, & to feel loved. God loves you,YOU CAN STOP!
Arkansas State Fans: Did you know: ASU and UCA rivalry dates back to 1916?
fair play to Liverpool.
Getting ready for Todays Matinee Show at 3pm at Broadway Comedy Club!
Updated drunk driving news blog with new design. www.drunkdrivingduilawblog.com. Add your DUI legal site today.
Jiro Dreams of Sushi - beautiful digital doc, great shallow focus - a bit too much of a celebration of conspicuous consumption for my taste
3rd person at the gym that's asked me if I was training for a fitness competition
At first presb already this morning
We got into collecting pinball machines because everything is broken or playing bad out there. We actually play our machines.
Dude, that calendar is just full of when.
Hey :) do you have a contact for production
It's very early for me. Not sure why I couldn't sleep--awake since 4 a.m.
I thought we were a virus, consuming more than our share until it's all gone and dying in our own waste. So funny. Not!
Happy Friday! We hope everyone has a productive day and a great weekend!
Apr 14,1912: WSC: Germany with splendid army and warlike people can't appreciate how an island like Britain feels about a rival naval power.
iron man 2? Huh?
saw her with my own eyes.
The Mayor's Youth Townhall on Athletics @ Deanwood Rec. Ctr. was awesome! DC Youth Rock!!!
Thanks! We're working hard to do so!
its coming soon!!! ol :) be patient dear lol
(Maybe a #Milwaukee #arts group, say, Next Act?!) RT It's #FundraisingFriday! consider giving $10 to your favorite nonprofit
Another page for your brand to help get your OWN content in the first page of search results...Google + Brand page.
All the nights I got 4 hours of sleep just to be back at work so I could have what they said I'd never get
I, Paige Aldrich, dislike the dentist. Very very much.
That does sound cool. Congrats.
This is second crash after high speed chase on 300 Midvale block since November. What can be done to make this block safer?
LOL had great time at the ATL clubs last nite. LOL was my first and possible last time though
thanks dude, where were you lastnight? Don logan went in B O G O T A!
#TateRousey Rousey is gonna stay undefeated
from. thank you so much! well done! -from a Karen political refugee now living in Colorado
Hate to say but I always seem to be wrong about guys, all end up being assholes, shallow, & not worth my time. I hope one day I find right..
Sht just drove me. GoodNight.
Oh no! :( Bear with us, the team is working hard to get ya covered!
If you need a Win, Mac and Network guy for your business let me know because I have got a great IT dude to recommend in NY/NJ area.
Work in the am.
The holiday inn... No place ever like it...
The family is s over watching the race for
Could be a good name for your show -Ben, Chris and total idiots with no clue!
How many requests for personal loans do you get daily from your 5,628,452 followers on Twitter? I have an over/under bet going.
I hate that I'm always sick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
At the San Diego Zoo...sitting in a van. Oh well!
Congratulations to our winner! RT
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Cloudy With a Chance of titties
American baby boom counter culture went from left to right. hippie to tea party. Be here now, to holier than thou.
Thanks for following us!!
I better get started on my homework. Ok, so it's 5:25 I'll tweet when I'm done.
A woman is like a tea bag. She only knows her strength when put in hot water.
come up to ub this weekend will ya
You too, sweet gal! :)
It's homework day!!! (Which autocorrect somehow changed into "homework fat" before I caught it, which I guess applies too.)
Wtf? Some woman just randomly came into my cube and starts going through some packets that she left with me. Um... Excuse me???
Thanks, Mike!
Someday in the future, we'll get a radio station called "The Joint" with their call letters stamped on rolling papers or small baggies.
How Im Fake. My Bad I Called U Cuz I Missed U On The Lo Lol
ur in love that's all lol
Justin should release all of the t-shirts. RT if you would buy them;)
#mamamafia won't tell ;)
And I am boycotting Rush Limbaugh's sponsors cause I'm tired of racist and sexist rants on air.
EMAC students & more will be showing their projects at the Showcase tomorrow! Come see!
i have netflix on phone but only works in 4G
I sent you a song.
wow ok!! thats progress lbs
what go down homie
“: #MyGoals are too meet one direction” oh yeah. Me too....
This opening of #Scandal is great. This writing.....untouchable.
great stash. I can't wait to start reading them all. I'm having Avengers withdrawal. I want to keep seeing it over & over again
Bout to pull up on this meeting in my tiny shirt and my tiny pants man
can u go on prezi plz!!! ASAP!!!
Did you get my email last week?
Response to D. Brooks (NYT 08/31) SF Hillel is small and modest but a 2nd home to students. It's about building relationships not buildings.
OMG! The tour dates come out tomorrow!!! I'm so nervous that I wont be able to go >~<
Everybody been tweeting the same quote#find something new
Whose the one yuh cn count on being there?
y is it so hard to get a follow from u
....Scream all u want no one gonna hear u, i hate nightmares!!!....
When you feel down, ice cream cheers you up!
#nowplaying Nate Dogg / On Pandora | R.I.P. Nate Dogg
I cut my thumb....how ever will I tweet?
You're so beautiful and talented megan<3333
Yes Pinball Magic was made by Capcom.
Any kind in particular? We home brew a wide variety. Come check us out!
Sully Sullenberger, do you mind driving Lindsay Lohan home? Make sure you don't hit a goose, especially a grey goose.
It's automatic some might call it insane.
Great day of moving n shakin now to complete it! Workout then PASSOUT! Lolz sleepasaurus rex
u don't need to be a wizard to know felton is gone.
Newbury is sporting Apple-Cinnamon flavor! Tis the fall (season), but the rise of deliciousness. Try it with the fresh figs we just got in.
kids are more intuitive than we think, he probably knows what's coming. #good luck
If you want to get into or return to tabletop RPGs, I can report that the #pathfinder beginner box is awesome.
Agreed! It was quite tasty! “: Sunday lunch underway in Beaune; 2009 Raveneau Valmur is an excellent aperitif.”
i just now realized what S/O is... but well giving a S/O back lol :DD
dang. your gorgeous without makeup girl(:
We'd like to invite you to try a new live event app being developed by a friend of ours. For an invite, just send us a message.
I freak out like everytime tweets!
are YOU masturbating?
I am just now looking:) I should have went to bed and not stayed up so late
Long Island show...traffic has potentially pushed our arrival to ten min before we play
hate hate hate!!!! Keep it goin' tho..
As i pulled in he flared his feathers out like he was pissed about something. I don't want to get in the mix with this turkey. :-/
send me hate tweets for a video?
I'm so beast. I made a grilled cheese sandwich ...in the TOASTER
Thank you for all of your enthusiasm for , Michael! Initial orders on track to ship by end of April. Cheers!
It would be #SWAG to tell people that followed me on the first day I made this twitter and the day he reached 200k Mahomies!<3
After all is said & done, a hell of alot more is said than done
Donna Frye: Prop A is one of those trumped-up solutions looking for a problem. City is not now required to use them
I wanna tell you everything i ever wanted to say, but i never do, everytime i see you.
Man Danny Granger sucks!
I'm back to focusing on me again tired of being pushed to the side so I'm doing my own mixtape called "SELF MADE" BY DJ DONTE GREEN
come to NY. We'll have a ball.
I have new-bike fever!
Blow Out T-Shirt Sale @ www.bleachercreaturesusa.com. 2 shirts for $20.00
spending this lovely spring afternoon in the fine company of spinoza
Going out tonight
Is the wrapper on a cigar falling apart while smoking a sign of bad humidification, poor quality, both, or neither?
igaf no brain cells anyway lmao
PLEASE STAY IN CLEVELAND
Turn into 98.5 for the 5oclock bump in the truck with your great (: get it!
I seriously think the Greenfield B Team in Colt/Pony League hit better than the Buccos of today
I hope I can meet you at the concert in L.A I'm so excited! My dream is gonna come true if I meet <U+2764>
Dang, sugar wolf by Autumn to Ashes brings back so much memories
The Bulls-76ers matchup is going to be very boring..the best player on the court is hurt, and neither team has exciting players. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Glad you liked it. We think 10-year-old stamp collectors are pretty cool. :)
Happy Passover, Easter, Spring Full Moon! thanks for all the SOs! Taking a Twitter writing break...
Off to the park to play with the babies. So glad I finished my cooking at night and can just have fun with them all day! Happy day all!!!
why so I continue to attempt to fix a non problem..you cant move on in web site design if the page doesnt look the way it should...
“ Expect Greatness Today!”
BASEBALL! Still sad #MiamiMarlins got #Ozzie & #Buehrle but happy the baseball season is here :)
"You compose because you want to somehow summarize in some permanent form your most basic feelings about being alive, to set down... some...
re-skin. I was being facetious
wel, the stuff coming out about concussions is scary, and the economics have always been crappy for schools in general.
Has that Kia Sandman commercial played yet?
nice to be back home
I don’t know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
just for funsies? or a reason? i'm always curious why people use the favorite function.
is Teal Bunbury still in your future or immediate plans?
Random head cold is in full-effect. Ugh.
Happy Oaks Day! Applied microeconomist teaching MBA managerial, MBA and PhD quant courses, and policy analysis.
This session reminds me of how dope arrangements were
Morning y'all!!!
am I gonna see you tomorrow or are you not playing in Indy this weekend?
Whenever I try to follow it says FORBIDDEN
Ha, that's looking doubtful as I glance out the window.
#20ThingsAboutMe i can move my pinky withouy moving my ringfinger, try it, i know you cant
At the Clift Hotel meeting next great guest star. My god, and were right - the chairs here are for GIANTS.
three little kids are sitting on the ground reading Brown Bear @ the top of their lungs. When stumped they mumble then check the next pic.
Why? I have been watching The Universe on the History Channel.
so many damn moves today. sheesh
Good food Service so-so but what's with the chick sitting outside with a suitcase??
People can be so dificult...#Smh it shouldnt take all that to do one simple thing..
How realistic is this: Gingrich wins IA w/ landslide, comes 2nd in NH but with higher % of vote than expected ...
When you keep trying something that isn't working. You lose the desire to try.
Why is it that is ALWAYS out of town and I am home alone when we have storms? Praying no damage!
I really can't be caught up in the superficial ways of society. What's important? Make a better world by being a better person.
Independent music is finally in the strongest position it has been in years! Support the socks off it!!!
“The statue in the harbor is a lovely sight/The Rockettes in precision are a sheer delight.”
yeah I was pissed. Everything that could've gone wrong today at the airport, has. I've pretty much given up on today. <U+E406>
You guys were #AMAZING it was so great meeting you! :) Hopefully we'll see you again soon :)
They should make a movie about Portland! I loved the video! :)
Hard tacos are easy to make!
Some folks try to us their degrees, to impress me. Take a seat. I like folks who are laid back and been through the struggle like me.
Everyone go follow now!
We love you and your mom! <3
So how long until X-Men, exactly? ;)
that's wy Tommy Kinkaidz is our greatest artist ever!
Does this mean no Rolling Rock in the near future!?
Some people are just rude
Just burned 600 calories
Anyone and everyone couldn't add up to how much you mean to me.<3
Comic book talk at Etnies with !!!
I don't know how to use this thing lol I miss you love
Blueberry ale at the oldest tavern in the US!
Heading outdoors for nightly meditation
lol YES! hahaha i love it
What's worse? Going to bathroom in a public restroom? Or an underground poker club?
and td drive right before fg drive
Girl I Need You ,So Lets Just Work It Out
good to hear. yeah, I'll be on tonight at meadowlark and tomorrow at walnut, show in Boulder on the 30th
Just got the most amazing package from - thank you for all the samples! Order was perfect, as usual. :D
And this is to long. Just say thank you and sit down. Just sayin'.
Graduation Day!!!!! And Happy St. Pattys Day :)
Glad we can help! Thanks for the shout-out!
Thank you for including me!
Anybody from my 540 followers want to help!?
:D RT : OH: It's so good, I saw white people order it.
I got it already!
'You can be better' isn't what we're arguing about.
This Steve Bartman documentary on ESPN is incredible. I can't believe it's been 8 years!!
Tough call...appreciate #Ravens redzone D anyway...watch out for Pernell McPhee
At the end of the day people are always going to have an opinion of you, but what matters most is that you are happy w/you.
RT RT Prayers go out to Joe Philbin's and his family body that they found in river was his son.
Congrats on the #TeenChoiceAward nomination ! You need another little surf board! ;)
spooky october. i need to get my halloween garb!
You got it! If it weren't for a little Mumbai-belly I'd put on ten kilos here :) Fave Southern spot?
hey guys, I live in buffalo ny, but I really took a liking to your vinyl privacy fences. Can you install where I am?
nice to virtually meet you :)
Anyone know where I can get screens re-meshed in the #Pittsburgh area?
lol yeo but I'm mostly just polish an german
Nearly one in four active internet users in Europe visit unlicensed sites monthly.
you suck at coming up with insults :P
pokemon is great
haha ur welcome and if u want anymore just tweet me! Lol
I have the most amazing wife. Mommy and baby are doing great. 6 lbs 15 oz and 19-3/4".
it sure is ... it was crazy!!
Special thx to Keely from who,with words from fans describing Jordan,created this awesome wallpaper. She's sweet, loving....
Okay no more people from school will follow me because I will block them. It makes me uncomfortable.
Woo Hoo is right!!!
Oh wait, those bankers didn't get in trouble.
Where the heck is !? Nobody knows... Hahha
Please pray for the sex traffic industry to be shut down, and for the slaves to be free...
my new betrothed is very rich and lives near the lake in a big apt w/2 ladies
Totally. It's really good. It took way too many people giving praise for me to check it out.
Love you too!!!
I am seeing some amazing demo's of paid/earned technologies lately - bye bye old media!
Grapes are better sour
Molly! Do you live in Chicago or in our tiny busted-sidewalk hamlet of Highwood? If so, then yes, absolutely.
RT : Teen Hoot is getting so big.. you might actually have to start holding it at an arena. LOL.
Holding her hand in public is just another way of saying you're proud to have her, that makes her feel wanted and loved/
Me too. Most likely inside a capsule. ;) RT : Someday I'll be at the cosmodrome!
literally danced her pants off.
ah ok Cachái (gotcha)
wow u just levined that
the sock graveyard
Sounds liKE Fun!!! jealous
As of now I will no longer claims things lol
Sorry for the confusion! /library/ was actually retired
right back at you! What a pleasure talking marketing, giving back, and everything else this morning!
Earthquake in Japan, President Obama speaking live, visit www.tncnews.com click on CNN Live
rip it tonight Holmes!!
Looking forward to having a dependable Internet connection again of any kind (3G or wireless) once I leave Vegas. (On my 5th try)
how am I a bitch?
http:fixoutlook.org Check this out and maybe we all can make a difference!
adding to the stat, I believe that less than 20% of americans recycle their old cell phones
Just finished reading my first print copy of So much good stuff! At the same time I feel like such a beginner writer now...
Obsessing over the band British Electric Foundation!!! Makes you feel.
So THAT'S why we kinda look alike! ;-)
This was all just so ridiculous..They took this way too far.
My Flickr photos don't generally get a lot of views. Today was an exception. Thanks for the tweet! =)
No matter the words - wishing you the very bestest of birthdays...and may you spend it with family, friends, & loved ones.
u kno its the truth lol:-)
thats fed up
Wow. certainly knows how to celebrate. That sculpture looks huge.
Protocol Most auditions are blown before the actor starts speaking.
Agree: We need to make education more about learning. Disagree: its about the tools.
looking forward to the new EP, Boots!
Listen to this KID CUDI:BIGGER THAN YOU cool stuff the man on the moon speaks the truth son!
first day in the new school
what if Birth marks are where you were killed in another life?
I never learn
I am as excited to read the post on Friday as I am for Phillies Baseball. Is that wrong?
That dresser's still looking at me. Judgmentally. Somehow I don't think Hanes tagless undershirts meet its standard.
Reading the #craigslist #personals again. Seriously, am I the only person I know who does this for #fun?
Eek. That's a thing that happens?
Oh dear heaven...
Goodnight twitter
haha whatcha mean? What's up!
my mother and her sisters all look identical
where will the action be tonight?
There is no half singing in the shower, you're either a rock star or an opera singer ~ Joseph Groban
7 Watt GU10 LED Bulb could replace 60W Halogen Bulbs. It can be used as resecced Lighting, track Lighting, Warm White light!
I do. I go frequently
yeah its nice!
please dont emind me what happened in 6th grade t sad when i have flash backs about it i have ADHD so my behavor is bad
We lost a champion: Where the Wild Things Are author Maurice Sendak has died. He was 83. RIP.
Especially when I get together with Arrington and Malik and Lacy and other bloggers and we see that we got the same pitch
With Jimmy Jackson, Joe Panetta, and others at 2012 Health Hero Awards.
: o wow at least it was a gr8 game
Any recommended readings on consolidating and capitalizing in a career?
looking for a part time job...nights and weekends only...any suggestions?
So who wants a photoshoot package done for $55?
Goodnight, don't wanna wake up.
Hudson shuts eyes for police officer's painful description of finding her ... - The Republic
HTC-Headed To Church, but Pres. Obama remarks at correspondents dinner were funny! Is he "really" to down to earth and cool - really?
HAHA love it
You're welcome! Have a great weekend in beautiful MI!
Thanks for the mention T.A.!
lol.. why is it that everyone thinks I'm a bot?
RT USA wins the World Championships title with Russia in second and China in third. What a great night of women's gymnastics #gousa!
#GLEEremembersWhitney This is gonna be fierce
Guess who got pulled over? :D
Guys, we all knew that Harry was gay..
some kid. ;P
Lots of smoke in crystal city underground. Parts of the underground walkway closed off. Fire alarms going off
go back to work
np birthday girl !! ......how about some vertual birthday punches ?! ;)
Today is Bike to Work Day! Who rode their bike to work today?
stop the violence boys...! :)
oh ok. why does everything remind me of you. can i go back like 3 months and do things differently so now you'd be mine and not hers?
HAHAHAAAA! That's awesome!
Fletcher's Top 4 downloads are coming up. Can you guess todays theme?
found Popsicle molds at Walmart!!!
Beer o' clock... my favorite time of day.
And they're like, it's better than yours!
I love my girlfriend so much :)
Researchers unravel the complexities of coupled protein binding and folding and lead others towards new drug targets.
Man, installing w/ Xcode command line tools only <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
696969 we were at the chicago concert together! you're both so funny and pretty. we should talk a lot more && your account is amazing(:
My mom has legit been talking to me for the past 10 minutes and I am paying not one bit of attention to anything she's saying.
It is raining in Detroit, Michigan. I am happy!
Starting your own business = going into sales. Never thought I'd spend so much time trying to sell things and actually enjoy it.
Never been to #Loblaws. What are some #kosher highlights at #Walmart?
On my way to another party, I'm super tired and I need to do my HW -_-
We would like to welcome Aaron, our new General Manager!!
Hi Alex - were you referring to the post at TalentZoo?
is offering a Free Iphone to a lucky winner in San Diego if we can get more followers then the San Diego !!
Cousin <3 what's going on?): text me.
Checking out Obama's "first-ever" virtual interview. Google+ Hangout. bit.ly/wo2otj
the national #cherryblossom parade
no I am gonna be n Sweden 4 the next 6 days :)
repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop and #plndr to save 20%! because you know we all LOVE mary jane ;)
Pull the account now!
Thanks so much for following and sharing your knowledge and experiences. Take care and best wishes.
The stink of skunk outside my house reminds me that spring has arrived and that skunks smell awful.
-Check out RichmondNightOut.com for your free listing next week and let us know if u want to post specials and coupons !
I'm on a vacation in Boston come and visit!lol staying at the four seasons plz come!!!:) lol that would be cool though:)
oh, thank you! That's a relief.
21 years married to my beloved on this day.
cato is so hot
ughh finals this week :(
Like you know my life story
": Well said well said!" Thanks Kyle. We're definitely gonna miss you.
yeah, me too.
RT : Glad to know The Quotable Hoose is going strong.
come to Florida(:
I'm watching #MirrorMirror on the and pinning fashion from forever21 to pinterest. I am a #fashionista!
It's my last chance to play for 8 weeks :( If Hawks win, then YAY GAME 7...if they lose? I don't want to see the carniage :P
#Mahler Symphony No 2 is without a doubt one of the best pieces ever written. #excellence in
Thanks for sharing! Do you have secrets for success to share?
Apparently The Mariners knew what they were doing
- Anything sugar-free usually works. Always good 2 have connections.
Don't change for anyone, because your choices and who you are are a stronger bond than being perfect.
I Just Took Off Im On A...#AllNightFlight!
RT : National Kissing Day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
SFO! My Middle of Nowhere->Scottsdale->Las Vegas tour of the desert was brutal!! I sense a 24 nap coming on...
#denverleadership Thiry "world class meeting facilities cannot be underestimated. They bring Sr. Leadership back again and again"
yes;p
Thanks for being an awesome customer!
so did you finish your labs?!
How'd it go with the fans today in the JORTS Center? Great W!
Germanium causes argentium sterling to have a high resistance to tarnish.
Well, some nights, I wish that this all would end 'cause I could use some friends for a change.
great meeting u too! Pls send me link to ur 23 things. Good luck with program
Finished bottles of shampoo and conditioner at the same time.
whoa just payed attention to your pro pic.. ( ^ o ^ )
About freaking time!
“: Can't wait to meet later this month! It'll be a honor and dream come true! #BritneyRobinSimonLADemi" YES!
#currentlyjamming Metal Thunder on
"Santeria" by Sublime
"If you aren't making mistakes you aren't taking enough risks" Melinda Brody
To find yourself, think for yourself. Socrates
I called you earlier?! :o
Our favorite client is having great success with text marketing - had a slot to fill tomorrow, texted his list just now, filled! Love it!
#CM Punk Is the Best in the World man
Hopefully all my studying, and hard worked paid off this semester...
lol that's what sunglasses are for!
No, cause I'm sweating and I'm not having sex!
just rock the guys section :)
Social 6... I hope someone shows up...
One of Texas's great contributions to American cuisine (Frito pie) has a wider reach than I thought!
Excuse me ? You Ratchet as hell. #WhyUJustPost that nasty ass picture ?? C'mon now
Man, email is so formal and cumbersome...thank you Mark Zuckerberg for solving this dire situation.
Awesome article, thanks
My pleasure and thanks for sharing!
wait, what? :) haha
Football season is only weeks away, anyone want to go out on a limb and pick a superbowl team?
I know that's right. Anything is better then here. That why I am moving out of Louisville. You're not coming down for Derby?
Tomorrow i shall remember to wear sunscreen.
I MISS YOU MORE BOOBIE! :*
Parents are the last people on earth who ought to have children.
yeah it's right after school. You can ride the bus there and till around 5:30
You're amazing just the way you are
Tonight I am making glazed salmon on a bed of peppered rice pilaf & steamed asparagus covered in a creamy hollandaise sauce
(I am not Kermit-flailing while eating this slice, though. Kermit-flailing's not for all times.) #restraint!
Oh yeahh, well I haven't really talked to her about anythingg
What about a neck scratch? You remember those? Common . I know you still have it in you.
Honey is the only natural food that is made without destroying any kind of life.
what up doe? !
There is always room for fouettés in a dance.
. Yup, that's not a great value-add is it?
If you know you're sexy, then RT
2 Sunday's in a row @ 6am I got a call from a girl giving me her church status. Last wk she skipped this wk she went, obviously not a friend
When you are trying to find your way, look up and be strong, you'll be okay :)
Who ever invented shoes..CLAP! CLAP! Bravo! I know how the ppl in the Bible days made it #withoutshoes!!!!!
I've had enough!
Its to carry all his protein, energy drinks, and steroids. Because he's too extreme to be more than 5 feet away from them.
he is so very talented and hot!!!!
#dailyfeedback Best "headphone" songs - The Beatles Pink Floyd
It's so nice out today. I love it
hey lolz so how old are u?
When someone smells nice, it automatically makes them more attractive.
Just curios, what did you want to be when you grew up ?
thanksfor RT! See you at the library~
Deff need to look at the clock before leaving my house... I'm 45 mins early for work haha
Most people do not #listen w the intent to understand; they listen w the intent to reply -Stephen Covey (7 Habits...)
SUCKS FOR YOU <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
lmaoo you gone be down there in hell with me right :D
Blonde-oh-mania!
excuse me Mr.! :P I'm the only one that can join!;p
Don't let out lack of activity fool you! Big changes are under way, along with new music, and plenty of show dates! Stay tuned! :)
all in the first three quarters!
Dont give up on the ppl tht wont give up on u, because their's a chance u both can get through:))</3
I've been having a major struggle with color lately. You can't rush color. Well you can but you shouldn't. I hate when it's off.
It has gotten to the point where I'd rather stay in on a Saturday to watch SNL (Hey Usher) and read GQ (Even if D. Rose is on the cover...)
wonders if illiterate people get the full effect of Alphabet Soup?
We're now big fans of the Buckeye state! RT : We just saw your mention! We would love to model our beards for you!
Be yourself. Not who someone wants you to be.
This teacher is oblivious. Lmfao
Toyotism makes business more flexible. "flexibility is in the process, not the product." co's can grow with the market needs.
Back at it. 3 days of football camp before teachers are back on Thursday. Bring It!!
Thanks to some timely "Likes" our Facebook page now has a proper URL: www.facebook.com/FourPeaksnW.
I would like to hear something by KEM.
Gaga Lights Up Our Lives <3
Great the first time but edcafe gets so much better the 2nd and 3rd time they do it.
"Om come in and sit down indian style like me Om oh my god close your legs if youre wearing a dress, nobody wants to see that Om"
I thank God everyday that you're still alive.
Lol Ryan hates me cause yolo
hahaha! I seriously can't even believe that happened to us!
How the hell are u not gonna call that face mask but your gonna call a delay if game these refs suck ass!!
Well about to call OOMF before he goes to sleep on mee....
I loved your book DDT. You've done something I've always wanted to do. Looking forward to the game this afternoon.
you're a doll!! Thank you!! Xo
I'm so done with all this, I didn't ask for this.
You're Mexican if you celebrate Christmas on Christmas Eve.
oh I'm sure haha
Just took bad ass to school.....its to early...
You should never sign a loan or a line of credit document without fully understanding and confirming exactly what you are signing.
Thin mints don't go stale very quick. This means I can eat them til I pass out on the floor in a sugar coma, then wake up and continue.
When testing out new marketing efforts, you don't have to be perfect from the get-go
dinner of chAmpions .... And alcoholics lol!!
Holding on to my chocolate brown dog for luck for
Colorful Knesset Member Einat Wilf will be on my show Wednesday 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM It's time you listened!
is anyone reading my tweets? #LOL xD
It's not about them being boycentric, it's about a complete absence of any girls post book 1. Two very different things
And while your office will be closed, ours is open. Come see us, next door to the Westin on Washington Street.
StarShips by NickiMinaj is on the radio, We're so gonna win this time ! C:
Undergrad reapplication & room selection for 2012-13 will begin in early March. More details to come soon!
The Live Video & Live Audio of Point Park vs. Doane (courtesy of Doane College) will both be FREE. Game time 4 pm ET from Marion, Ind.
I swear I love black people.
WTF ! My mom works today ? :o
So far my morning has consisted of coming close to hitting an in-flight seagull w/ my bike & having a massive cookie for breakfast
Seems to be the case RT : RT : One of the hardest parts of life is deciding whether to walk away or try harder.
Sunny and 65 in Portland!
Thank you :)
Back back and I'm back back and I'm back back and I'm on one
wrong person
I'm not an actress but I'll improv my ass off to be on
you have at least 500 strangers telling you how gorgeous you are & that you deserve Niall, don't let one person bring you down
good game tonight man!!
If Erick doesn't stop staring at me... I swear....
Bitches on my Dicc, but look at me I'm fuccin Beautiful.
Thanks! I was happy with how the food turned out last night.
the things I do for your love. Haha
sorry for the confusion. the webinar will start at 11am PT.
I've been watching New Girl pretty much just to see the cute outfits that Zooey Deschanel wears.
hi i love youu
Too out of shape for critical mass.. There's always next month I guess. By then I'll have a cool new helmet. PECHAAW!
both I think.
How can we harness the technologies that students are already using and excited about?
What if exhibit labels and panels had 140 character limits? Would people feel more inclined to read them? I wonder how that would look...
your future customer is growing up without a mouse or keyboard..
Bec of change in city law, #homeless shelters are maxed out. Bean's Cafe used to go thru 86 rolls of toilet paper a day; now 106.
A bitch gone be a bitch a hoe gone be a hoe a killa gone be a Killa that's all you need to know...
Same goes for sbux inside union and ogilvy - they are packed in the morning!
Everithing is about to change we face tomorrow as we say goodbye to yesterday a chapter ending but the stories only just begun :)
yeah i do hahahah do you
Gingrich is Nixon on steroids.
if you had skydrive before the recent change you can reclaim your lager storage capacity.
Thanks so much for the boost! I'm in Philly to see their LTYM show tonite. Looking forward to relaxing as audience this time!
Thanx, how are you? (:
I feel like if I diss Adele all her fat fans would jump down my throat.. Lmfao! I do like her though!
Super Bowl follow: Been crushing coverage all week. Don't see that changing tonight.
Thank you for the follow!
I need a small Asian woman to walk on my back and my mother is away on business :(
New episode up tomorrow with We get really serious and honest with one another...about what? Mostly giraffes
O! Flash mobs never think ahead. They just want to dance. Never think of consequences. Figure everyone will love it.
do you mail your breads? missing my #pdx home and your deliciousness :)
I seen that one! They all get sick after eating it. That family is disgusting.
#irresistable It wants to suck me in every day and give me date with Mr. Vodka
#survey New survey shows how far the owners Will Go for their pets
Laying out by the pool with my best friend and some country music!
David Prosser just picked up 2 more votes here in Waukesha Co's Town of Brookfield recount. That's a net gain of 6 for Prosser today.
Sorry for your loss. My prayers are going out to you.
Stay tuned for a Policy Toolbox on the site : www.gpee.org
Lights will guide you home, and ignite your bones. And I will try to fix you.
How much r you ginna miss playing Lauren and making new episodes of ??
I'm from a city where grind and grit is important
-stands by you-
RT : How do you identify people in local community to reach and engage?
we are doing great, girl! my son is 14 today..i am still in labor...won't have him til 7 pm! lol! how are the angels?!
Thank you, Jane Austen.
I <3 my guitar!
Go check out Mariners new song on their Bandpage!
BITCH!!!!!! Iz u stupid??? Aw well yea nevermind then
Yo I want a LOVE Poster. Put them back in stock please!!!!
It's official, I'm not getting out of bed all day.
Hi Katherine thanks for following us :) xoxo
The. Worst. Refs. Ever! #Saints - my eight year-old can do a better job.
Twitter is so better than facebook...
#1033 i dont really have a favorite song from summer lol IB:Vinny or Mikey
Seeing results makes all the hard work with it
Got scammy call from India. My PC is infected,they can fix. I say no. I get transferred to supervisor who cusses me out
Feliz cumpleanos George! We miss you.
C9615 – Sales and Marketing Manager - identifying and developing new business Available from mid March £20k plus- call Travail for cv
Only lost power in half of the house (the people who have to wake up early with alarm clocks).
Around 11. Are you here?
Thanks James I really appreciate it. Keep up the great work. Awesome job the other night. Going 2 keep working Tim P. material
Thanks! I'll have it to you in a little while.
no im sorry /:
Nothin come easy ..!!
I let steve roche borrow my car. That's how far on the edge I live motherfuckers.
Is determined to make good use of his next few days off.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!! Enjoy SD@! See you there soon!!
With trio of Game 6s looming, & preview all of tonight's action in the #NBA playoffs.
May the Lord hold Collette in His arms this day, and bring peace and comfort to you and your family Lee.
Fastest way to annoy : Set your IM to "appear offline."
#WaysToGetOffThePhone: Throw your phone against a wall and then take off your shoes and smash the pieces of your phone into smaller pieces.
thanks! Help support us by sharing with all of your friends! You're awesome!
she is wearing quite the outfit.
"Man, Milwaukee relationships don't work." Really? The reason you single is cause of the city of Milwaukee? Yeah...okay.
You know Romney is a rich guy when he names his kids after $$$ watches, like Tag.
Oh my god. LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE. Your million page text pages are not necessary and I'm so sick of reading your bullshit.
last night would have made for some great reality television. if only it had been caught on film...
RT : LoMonte: Statistics are only as good as the people who compile them. Mistakes happen, verify records....
Would you be able to make a cake for our June 2 wedding?
Any esoteric tobacciana enthusiasts?
Yay showcase (featuring one of my very favorite people NB) & viewing Speargrove Presents with SB, DA, RP, LB, & KM! Love the talent.
come to my studio! Fri 11am if you like
over 12 lbs now lol I want her to play with your babies since they are the nxt generation #3rd cousinPowerrrr
Great D
we don't have any events planned for the rest of 2011. We're looking to have some in 2012 though
Perhaps it's time to add SVN questions to the interview loop?
he lead the league in steals for for like 3yrs..cmon u reaching Gs lol
HUH HUH HUH HUH how I laugh lol k
Revelation is intensely personal, not translatable into conscious content at all. This is why the Book of Revelations is incomprehensible."
merry christmas eve hope u get every thing u want tomorrow <U+2665>O<U+0361><U+0334><U+0334>.<U+032E>O<U+0361><U+0334><U+0334><U+0334>
Is this the category for best supporting actor or for most absorbent undergarments?
Ha! Been in the #Bronx for three months now and I gotz to! New territory and everyone's watching. Aver en que me meto....Lol.
On our way to panama city bitches got my bestie beside me
Timeout within half a minute of a media timeout...DRINK
#whenwillyou grow up?
Speaking of iTunes, I haven't seen you guys on Ping in a while... Y'all okay??
What do you think of those people who complain about being "so busy!" all the time?
I want to make a grid of pictures but I don't know CSS.... =(
Goodnight please say it backk <3
Who likes forgetting there were 4 candidates?
Went to the final table with 3g in chips with the blinds at 1/2g. Doubled up with JJ, then QQ, then AK.
Check ya later DC!
Artist, do you know how to turn your efforts into a career?
what a weekend
Hope all you students out there have a great case of the Mondays tomorrow
Lol. I don't think there's anyone who doesn't want a Heat-Celtics ECF, although I'd be OK with Heat-Sixers
Stomach flu is the scourge of the fantasy baseball manager.
I believe in people like you cause who am I to judge you on the past boy, I bet there's a reason for it all.
New Teaser for our Upcoming Release and Music Video #Lockdown tomorrow! Follow for more info! May 29th is almost here!!!!
What is the best way to record on screen activity to a video? I want to make a tutorial. TY
Being bored on the weekends sucks
Anyone tasted Mollydooker's Velvet Glove from down under? Thoughts?
Great discussion today with from PR specialists who can really raise your company's visibility!
Gotta love when allison keller comes and picks me and up off the side of the rode..<U+E057>
RT What can I say, I'm an Accidental Capitalist.
Yeah -- there's no chance. He's there to play.
HOW MUCH U CHARGING FOR MIXTAPE HOST
2 mos. ago I was at Starbucks & witnessed two fat libs in tiny Honda screaming FU1% at 3 men in suits.
im just wonder could you maybe possibly teach me how to... dougie? ;)
Agreed. And I think that's a good thing and the price we pay if as a byproduct people become better at what they do.
more importantly, seemingly endless supplies of money are not enough
I felt like I was you last night! I went to tons of bars and made appearances and had a blast
Chiropractor said I'm moving better today:) Yey
i really hope I don't have strep..
I'd love to- I'm at the salesforce HH right now. Let me know what you're up to!
Same here except that many very large public libraries still use Dewey. Mostly colleges us LC
In the gym like crazy from tomorrow on
Oh we go up there as often as we can. I love that part of BC.
TCU-Utah is the college football game to watch this weekend!
When your teacher tries to take your phone and your in the middle of reading Austin's tweet >>>>>
Not at all. RT : Is it wrong of me to lose respect for a book the moment I notice it has 1.5 line spacing?
National Pain Institute Accepting New Patients At Seven Florida Pain Clinic Locations in the Florida Pain Network
me too I hate it so much :(
"What can I say, the data speaks to me." -
Welp, you've got my attention. *adds to queue* RT Better than "Tell No One"--much as I love that flick.
I believe his name is Charles Kelley! Lol!
If I ruled the world...
just revealed that Twitter is designed based on the fibonacci sequence. My mind is blown.
Thanks! Good luck and enjoy!!
LMAO u guys are FUNNY
but seriously, are you ok?
Hey you! Where are your ladies?? I thought you had a rash of enrollments coming? :)
Adios, Ron Paul, you desiccated, pompous fraud.
peonies are my favorite flower.
follow me UR amazingly talented and absolutely gorgeous I live you fam. <33 xoxox
Brining 101: Refrigeration is key in brining! Meat and brine solution should be kept at 40 degrees over night. Have you purchased your...
Yeah. And I was wearing a certain Yoda shirt I had recently received as a gift.
Been there done that
Fresh out the shower.'
Flushable wipes are one of the most common causes of a toilet clog. They don't disintegrate.
Hey pastry world at 1500 followers we have another giveaway lets get to that mark!!!!!
Belated birthday present next time we cover a game? It is right near Fraser Field.
you for your support. See you Sunday. You are the best. Cynthia Harris
It is almost the weekend and I'm heading to Dallas next week..not too bad of a day for being Friday the 13th. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
tough to win when the refs are against you, dirk got every call!
Wow, that girl that Jesse James committed marriage fraud on just said a sentence in a different language. We should clap
you're watching it too?
No deadlines, no pressure, no more moving around! let the procrastination being in #NYC!
Have fun my dude be safe! hopefully one day ill be going with you!
Thank you for the #FF mention! Happy Friday!
forget u then :)
Today we teach the tech of yesterday using the methods of yesterday. at
To reduce pain and inflammation cut back on sugar, wheat and dairy. You'll be amazed at the difference!
some sleep. Some. If they start again tonight I might have a mental breakdown
Get #Host the first time at work tonight #SoExcited then taking #Mom out!
Thanks for the follow
I am seriously about to throw up because im so nervous
Every time we open our mouths, men look into our minds. - Anonymous
We are a solution oriented society, not an information seeking society.
The Joint with Drake and Jeremiah...is kinda hot though Zena....#AMEN!!....
I'm pouring myself a drink after reading that stat....thanks for that...
I need to get 1D tickets.
I would say Nokia. Razrs break like crazy!
something tells me Apple will soon ask its carriers to tighten their online security in order to prevent unauthorized IMEI list
Life as an abuse survivor is full of advice from those who are unafflicted. To those people, I say fuck you. Feel my pain, then u can talk.
It was great to see you too, Gayle!
Finally done with babysitting, almost 5 hours....im so tired
+ {redacted}: Gotta be careful with More Poop, Less Process -- likely to be hijacked into a rallying cry by MPLP naysayers
It was a proud moment to see Oregonians on Shark Tank! Strive on with diligence! Can't wait until you're in all stores
Hey Mikey! How was your day? Hope it was amazon just like you
thanks girl
Dining at Amici's is closed tonight while we hold our Christmas party with the heart of Amici's ,,,,our amazing staff!
Whatever one you pushing.
The future of interactive editorial design looks like
ready for spring ball?
I was confused by Seattle's jerseys. I walked into the wrong bullpen.
I'll always cherish the five years I've spent in Iowa. Please let me call you my home state during the 2036 caucus race.
It's like Tahiti outside, except without the crystal blue water and white sands. I want an ice cold Mai Tai. Tiki Tiki.
Can't. Concentrate. Must. Be. Outside. Gah!
what?! Where at?
HE SLEEPS WITH A BOOK AGENT?!?! NO!!!
What is a meta capability? They are singular capabilities that are not assigned to a role. They only determine what the user needs to be ab…
I love how she is sure to get the ring finger in the pic which is why she rubs ppl wrong. Better news: nice hair
I Feel Like The Girl At The Bar Whose Been There Too Long
Ran my first 5K today! Came in 3rd in my age group 31 minutes 54 seconds. Kinda proud! Feels good
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW HE FOLLOWS BACK!!!! FOLLOW HIM NOW!!(:
Woo-hoo. Just got my iPad. Can only admire it, though, until the wi-fi base station arrives.
#Countdow, less than 5.000 followers! is coming close to reaching the #16MillionBritneyArmy on twitter! RT
but infants and the elderly aren't dependent on being organically attached to one specific person. Another fallacy.
Automatic lighting controls can save energy and improve safety.
She needs to be Bitch slapped like a pimp does a Ho! Obama start bustin heads.
The 3 rings of marriage: 1) The engagement ring 2) The wedding ring 3) The suffering #ThinkLikeaMan lol
Now all United fan had seen the fantasy jersey,mostly red with the 2 inch checkered band going thru the badge,nice I liked it. New top= crap
if you say so!! Haha.
For some reason, rock 'n' rollers seem to be obsessed with pie. Songs written about the delicious dessert are unusually numerous.
Today in 1948 Truman signed the Marshall Plan-an int'l investment America still sees returns on today, much like #ForeignAffairs budget.
Hey just wanted to say thank you so much for playing my music. You guys ROCK!!
THX for the RT! I peeped the site and personal site, love the work! #CreateChangeThroughCollaborativeCreativity is what its about!
Working at I now have the best dining options of any job I've ever had. Sushi from Joss today; surprisingly tasty!
These next two weeks are a little crazy maybe the weekend of May 12?
I believe you :)
great fun today in bucharest: ate dinner in old town, saw one of the largest buildings in the world (parliament), and learned more romanian!
Getting my tan on(:
Morning everyone
Okay, but this is the last #YOLO of my life...
make my sister get a Twitter.
THIS FRIDAY @ PARTY FOUL!! -STACCATO W/ GINA TURNER LOUISAHH! - THEN WE DO IT AGAIN - SATURDAY @ THE MONTE' V - FLAGSTAFF - GONNA BE NUTS!
depends on how you set it up. Read the "Help" section. Its empowering.
RT : Blue Man Group () adds 4pm performance on Sun Sept 4 in honor of #LaborDayWeekend. Tickets- www.blueman.com
S/o to the beautiful for hooking me up with an egg and cheese bagel :-)
same! Haha last year i only saw them play the packers and thats it
exactly right on jackson. He threw a no hitter last yr.
Locals Night=$5 Entry for Nevada Residents ALL NIGHT LONG! EVERY THURSDAY! Come party!
Yeah, the issues all stem from a small, high level, but vocal minority. Though I usually run about 5 charges/ day.
Thanks for the love!
orton won again.. bo....
missing the babe :(
Thanks for following, Roslyn.
"It's not show friends. It's show business"
Yes! He could model different underwear every show!
Hahhaha love it!
What would it take to express love from the depths of who you are?
looking ahead no turning back
From 10:00 til my phone be jumping left ta right
Most people struggle with life balance simply because they haven't paid the price to settle on what is really essential to them.
Good day doll:)
band practice! WOO! :D
I do not try to dance better than anyone else. I only try to to dance better than myself | Mikhail Baryshnikov
Best of luck to in his rehab process and I hope you get great news next week... We definitely miss you on the field lol.
Playing some #Madden13 with the new 80th anniversary #Steelers unis. They are glorious! So much better in action.
LOL THIS NIGGA ABOUT TO GET HIS CAR FUCK UP SHE MAD AS HELL CTFU
ha ha, just throw some cheese at em, or eat some and share me with everyone
#Thatawkwardmoment when you realize your friend was really going to come to your show until you told them the price.
maybe, just making sure I have it, you never know....for my last movie, we shot it in Mexico and I had 1 day to prepare.
good morning Senorita
no kidding! what is solution? when aid + materials already so slow. I'd say kay pay, but slow + not enough wood to build with
thanks for seeing me laser night. I'm sorry I was already drunk.
Robyn Rihanna Fenty you need to follow me RIGHT NOW PLEASE I BEG OF YOU!
I think it's better to have NO ONE show up @ your event than A LOT of the wrong people show up.
Can't breathe. Forgot how much I love/hate playoff basketball.
Maybe your family shouldn't believe Death trends, on fucking Twitter, the number one place for stupid bullshit. Just sayin.
"Always Remember To Be Yourself They Will Fire You For Being Someone Else"
six hundreded n sixty six
Watching #OnceUponATime . We absolutely love the character and actor who plays Rumplestilskin. We are addicted to the show.
Mikey, screw the man
We're proud 2 present Ltd Ed Fine Art Prints of original done in colored pencil by Pierre Bolouvi-Framed 20"x10" / 100 Hand #d Pieces / $60
What is a word that starts with "P" and ends with "orn"? It's "Popcorn", what'd you think ?
Just listened to all of here to stay like 12 times while skateboarding. Pretty sick feeling...
I can't wait to see you so bad!
well HAH HAH sorry we don't have CINEMAS here ho ho ho. i have to dedicate my bio to him looooool
idunno were to start
My So Cal Life.
make it happen, but I will try :)
....when you give up
Don't miss out! MT The #PreserveNYC Preservation Station now has daytime hours! Stop (46th & 6th) from 11:30-2.
How are you feeling?
good luck!! I'm sure it will be delish:)
Have I mentioned how much I LOVE Summer break?
#packers win #bears lose GREAT SUNDAY
Almost time for church!
Luxury amenities at Bellini Williams Island will include a media room for private screenings, a resort-style pool and spa and more!
#YouShouldNot leave a girl waiting because she will eventually get tired of it & move on .
For a moment there I consider you sweet. I think your charm has expired.
We have a group of people from South Africa at our meeting this am. They're here studying challenges in our education system.
and mrs j had to tell at us after he stormed out hahah
So excited for our interviews tomorrow! Interviewing therapists who are eager to learn and grown in #marriage and #family therapy
I honestly really miss my bestfriend and I wish she would have never fucked me over like that because she was the best friend I ever had tbh
Excited about the Q&A tomorrow night ! Perfect night if you have a burning question you always wanted ask! Msg me for Details!
S/o the homie
Ill roast my chesnuts on your open fire;)
Great resource! I would love to feature this on izzyshare.com. Is this your slideshow?
WE LOVE YOU!!!
1 more trip. 1 more week of work. Then an entire summer writing the emails backed up since October.
Dear Highschool girls; your buying school supplies at office depot, not out with your friends. Sincerely,
It's a glorious day when twitters photos of Karl. Oh, he says stuff that's funnier than everyone else's stuff, too.
#ThoughtsAtAHouseParty "Where's the smoking circle at?"
thanks for retweeting us
Guy on sweet genius is creepy
He is making me so frustrated. Passing to everyone in orange.
& outdoor learning spaces - “: Reclaim vacant lots for urban gardens and Vet memorials// #OurCommunity”
": #BeautyForTheEarth is TODAY! Call to schedule a $20 haircut, facial, hair spa or style at 614.487.3033! Limited walk-ins"
Yum cotton candy
omg I could have.. I might come back lol
well im here to say u are!
If I don't fall asleep in the next 10 mins I'm just gonna stay up. Hopefully I fall asleep
Tara from NYC's Score gentleman's club, which offered LeBron free lifetime lapdances if he goes to the Knicks, joins The Score at 8:05!
stfu t-.-t it's called best for last ? ;D
Hey, trying to do sign up for the warped tour contest for our band. Does signing up automatically enter us in?
Life is never gonna be easy for you. That's why you have to make yourself strong so you can face it head on.
Amen bro
great start to day 2 of the #smss - and #ramonwow. Great job both!
Journal Sentinel finally figures out why dems skipped town for us -- we fund their campaigns so theyll fund are pensions
Why waste your time giving someone a second chance, when there's someone better out there waiting for their first.
Two great collaboration ales on tap - Sierra Nevada/Dogfish Head Life & Limb and Ommegang/La Chouffe Gnomegang.
I'm there for ya girl! Lemme know if you ever wanna hang !! :]
I don't understand why you guys are so pretty
ha, at least you learned something about yourself.
Thank you to everyone who joined us tonight to celebrate champions of #nationalservice!
LOL They're acting like a girl before wedding. They don't know what they're doing ;-)
tweeting out to new followers today
Thanks for the follow . Cigar lounge is roughly at 65% completion. Cant wait to have you and over the christen the room.
My pleasure. Great press, great authors.
I want a girl with a short skirt and a long jacket.
I heard you still in Knox. Come get on the sticks tomorrow
Dan Jurafsky at #did11 talking about NLP work for humanities research questions (including history of food) at Stanford.
Going to cook spaghetti. I love spaghetti.
“: I see people on my TL repping a new team every game”. #spurs no other team matters!
Haters throw salt like rice at a wedding
3 eggs, 2 slices of bacon, and a Memphis style biscuits and Gravy and then call it a Triple-Double
Listening to Use To Be
juss swing n by da way nice play giants
#AutoRepair The new Hybrid 3008 hatchback offers very comfortable and silent journey
so the helicopters been out every night on the far eastside smh
“: Workouts begin tomorrow morning . Staff and players ready to begin our journey !” congratulating coach Jones!
2,076 properties in a new survey had 64% appraised at values exceeding the sale price, and 35.5% appraised at less than the sale price
It is Fishy Friday at the Cow! $10 bucks will get you Salmon or Tilapia! Giddy UP! Clay and Joe on the Bar! Giddy Up!
For fast-acting relief try slowing things down.
I think I'm going crazy because of this test
thats not exactly Denver's M.O.
When every text you send ends with a *(:* and hers dont... Shes not interested
This is not a love song.
So confused
The weather is PERFECT South Texas, so get out & enjoy some Live Music this weekend!!
SCORPIO BIRTHDAY BASH PHOTO'S COMING SOON!!! If you want copies inbox us and we'll get em to you!! Thanks for your support and always B M U!
Good "state of" climate/weather piece on p. 1 of today's NYT. Does science know the details? Short answer: "Not quite," But to be cont'd.
finding your teachers on facebook, WHAT-THE-FUCK?
RT Less than an hour and counting to the end of my 14+ hour broadcast day. Same here but I work at home.
bahahha i love it!!! SO US!
i cant fucking take this i really cant
#legendary night
Quote , "Whatever path you choose will work if you're fully committed to it." What are you willing to commit to?
M I would like some, too. I should probably feed myself again sometime....
Ive no idea why anyone would "follow" me.
"If reading is the inhale, then writing is the exhale."
awesome. I may just have to procure one for myself... :)
Dear , I miss our night drives... Please make time for me! Love, your long lost friend
You clearly do shut up .
I don't know what's worse the fact my mom walked in on me crying or the reason why I'm crying.
Councilmember Reyes proposing interim control ordinance. Asking support.
haha it's cause i'm a dedicated directioner :D
MUTUAL CONFIDENCE IS THE FOUNDATION OF ALL SATISFACTORY HUMAN RELATIONSHIPS. ~NHill
Tax deadline today for partnership returns to be filed federally (1065). The extension is form 7004.
Where the single girls at
I am wearing pointy elf shoes. I mean what else did u expect from me on New Year's Eve?
no problem
These sucker ass players and owners fighting over $4 bil while our broke sufferin asses are forced to watch bullshit NBA hardwood classics..
Scott Wells has the sahved head and a beard, but he looks awesome. Being packer does that.
Let go of the guilt and shame, the self-accusations of not being perfect. Hold yourself with compassion.
I want that Celtics NBA " BIG" Playoff music! ;)
Another unwholesome episode of www.pdxsucks.com - live at 8am pacific - today: "Ed McMahon and the Magic Fingers Vibrating Bed"
US gov spoke against intolerance disguised as hatred/bigotry etc. Burning the Koran would have ignited riots everywhere.
"Faith makes things possible not easy" - What a great quote. Boy is it true.
Ames. Still trying to rid itself of the tight purple V.
“Best place to get beer from ALL over the world!” --Drea C. on Yelp
u funny chiboy well I give a damm how about that lmao : )
put henna on mine once-BRIGHT orange, did match my clothes though. Re-think it. Your hair is beautiful the way it is.
Derek Jeter just became the 28th player in baseball history to reach 3,000 hits! Love him or hate him, he is one of the best. Red Sox Deals
We're thrilled: new SummerGrove community is opening with SalesTouch interactive touchscreen --in a topo table-- this weekend!
im going to see it tonight wit my bf. glade its a good movie =)
Reasonably productive on classwork today. Now watching Cincinnati game as a break. Go Bearcats!
If you haven't checked it out yet, try www.lala.com, it is like the hulu.com of music. Puts Pandora to shame!
Well,Good morning to you to,mr.dead rodent.
Does this comic book collection make me look single?
Dropping my car off @ the shop this morning and I'm hoping I'm not out of an arm and a leg! I need my limbs! Lol.
I love you like Milhouse loves Lisa
gotta love indiana..
1st racking and tasting of Zee's Blackberry wine indicates an awesome batch. Maybe best ever!
Thanks for the RT! :-)
haha yeah! Im not a good walking/tweeter. Yeah that makes sense. "out here on my own" is the song I want to sing.
Join us for ReadAloud today at Thompson Library 3-4pm room 202: Ebony Caldwell will read selections from C.S. Lewis.
That's how we do. RT Thanks #Belly, got a free sandwich
just bought an academic text for $27 via Kindle because I didn't feel like driving to the university and hunting for it at 8pm.
just took to the stage, warming up the audience for Boyercom's keynote!
Follow #MHR in the studio bout to drop killer tunes! Catch us
Kristen what up lady!!! Hope u are well. Happy Friday. Amanda says hello.
Why do girls INSIST on wearing a crap load of makeup?? Looks like someone said: "come here let me put some icing on your face" aka CAKED ON
thinking about a former library school classmate. found out yesterday she died last week. she was probably 26 or 27 & newly promoted. sad.
Coyotes turning up the heat - ESPN
Like diversity? Support local independent artists!
#askzacefron #theluckyone My uncle works with your dad! Haha
Great! RT : I've had 102 new followers in 2 days, thank you, I'm following you all back.
#Inspiration comes from the failures you face, not from the victories you achieve. #quote RT
Lindy Fix from 8-10 tonight back at PCH :) Lesson with Nate and Arlette! DJ Sam! Drop in for Int. Lindy with Sam and Miller from 7-8!
Is Very Excited To Announce That Riley Thompson Miltsch Was Born At 9:35 This Morning. We Love You Riley!
...i would walk the pavement w/ those leaders before making a judgment about their leadership...
Now that I'm packed and ready to go for the summer travels, time 2 meet 2 writing deadlines! Also time to get excited for !
I can deal going in to intermission down 2, but 3 or more and the goose is cooked. Gotta get one to get 4.
Mr. Koska just left. Can't believe my husband is leaving
#drupa day 6 - what's your focus? In hall 8b we'll help you grow your biz, delight customers, produce more & reduce costs
You occasionally laugh, so don't be hatin'
my bro shows up to a party with a six pack with three brews missing. a *three* pack. you serious, bro? quite an interesting party situation.
I think you know what that song will FOREVER remind me of RT : Jamin out in carpool line.
thanks how r u
We want every artist to understand their strengths and weaknesses!
Trending: polka dots! Stylish celebs are embracing this spotty trend. Are you?
I liked LMFAO better when they were hamsters.
That depressing moment when you realize has more tattoos than you have friends. -_-
#ImThatPersonWho won't show that I like someone :3
OMG u are such a tease ;) lol
Truu ": “: Hahaha ": Oh you follow ? You must be so popluar and fat"” I'm not fat, or popular."
epiphora, let me know i can help!
Thanks! and a funky font too!
Congratulations for receiving the prestigious Jefferson Award for outstanding athlete in service & philanthropy. Well deserved!
We at 91 playing Gangsta Bingo
Bought my first hookah from Shi Chai (E. Center St. & Brennan, Milwaukee) tonight!
Lucky boy! Be sure to tell him what kind of cookies you're going to leave.
Crazy Clippers shots, crazy awesome reactions from the shooter.
People really mentioning their twitter crushes though.. I'll be damn
We want more shows! Anyone need a slot filled?
Follow get him 2
Thanks for following me. I work with special needs students( high school level)my blog is about my crazy life & people in it
Please excuse Samantha from school for the following days: August,9 thru March,7 because she had lost her marbles.
RIP Donald "Duck" Dunn. A true "Soul Man"!
ima play the lottery with them.. lol
Yo check us out! On Pandora and 1st album on iTunes
so true!
Thanks man :) you guys rock! Get your asses to the US and play a show with us
No light in The Room.. Keep it this way..
#vinnysass trend it .... Come on
Happy Birthday to #Indycar & racing legend ! Any guesses as to how many songs mention Mario Andretti in them?
What chu mean "Our rooms aren't ready yet"?? Lmao this is preposterous! Do they know who I am???
It took me many years to figure out that the Adam & Eve story is a "fairy tale" myth that explains how life began. Not historic...
Lmao life is not all about fighting. There comes a time you have to grow tf up
New video with the cellmate push-up coming soon!
Who Want My 13,000 Tweet ?
It's 30* degrees, go ride you poohfs!
You know what snow means...free tea and cocoa at Big Blue Marble!
IBM iSeries Servers and cleaners: What Benefits Do That they Bring ...
Yo lester!!!!! where you been the streets is on fire in b-more
Didn't Larry also say the very important point that Cherry and Sheridan were "frustrated" or "agitated" when he bopped her?
aqui, bien...i was trying to take it easy a bit over the weekend, haven't actually had a weekend in about 2 - 3 months..
Positing #context vs #brevity in #socialmedia #news makes 's point pertinent to members of 's ,
a watch, a painting that she wanted, flowers, and dinner out. All in all, pretty good?
Epic PASS. If there was a stronger word that conveyed the same meaning, I'd use it.
Can't wait to have you here, James! We've got all sorts of tournaments going on!
I LOVE this story please post more!!!:)
Jonas show us a song <3
Also, as much as I love the Galaxy Nexus, I'm mighty impressed with the One X. Love the camera on it.
Making me laugh until I cry :)
I think this warrants an unfollow " Chipotle = overrated"
|#quotes Your needs will be met once you can find a way of projecting energy and fulfilling someone else's need.
'My Last'
I followed the three of you. :)
Thank you, much appreciated!
Thank you so much!
Nice, I'll be up there in July to run with and Terry. Doing Run the Divide.
What a great practice tonight! We are so looking forward to playing out at Grim's Roadhouse on Saturday, March 3rd. We'll see you all there!
you are incredibly lucky to have that. My family lost the generation who could do that without recording history
Do you have a reference for this fact, Kat? I'd love that! TY
But bullying is bad, it does not matters who’s the victim
you no like the owl city?!!!??
very clean! UH libs are doing a lot of things right.
I just watched SD tape and you outplayed Rivers in game! Just go win job on field starting next week in dallas. Best QB will win
Design partnership alert: collaborating with to bring our set of game challenges to life
Make sure you check out our site desirablemag.com #fashion #fashion news
Hey! We're unexpectedly short handed today for 's #CrafternoonDelight! Want to help us out from 12-4? Shoot us a DM! RT
love is like a game of chess not checkers.
I've lived a sink or swim life...who knew this once abandoned girl could swim so good <3 ... :) make your way..don't make excuses~ xo
you okay, girl?
why do I always hurt everything....
thanks for the friendship Nathan!
Al Green is indeed the shit.
Mitchell prank calls people without *67
I just punched the wall! I'm really SUPER over customers trying to bully me into getting what they want or just bitching all the time.
no tweets fromm anyone today WOW ~Jaiya Perez
Happy 109th Birthday James Mercer Langston Hughes
Ok, so is adorable!(: k? thanks bye
Ah tired af from work here in San Diego ...so happy I got to the hotel room intime to watch this Dallas and okc game tho
Sphere Promotional Media & Design will have weekly up-dates on how to market your business efficiently and on a budget!
There must have been an amazingl party in my backyard last night!
And i'll never take WiFi for granted again!
True... I like the focus on buying from local farmers, though. Will be interesting to see what they come up with thru winter.
Seemed IMPOSSIBLE 2 years ago as well, but what are the odds Taylor comes back to Miami AGAIN next year?
If it's something you think might make people feel uncomfortable, it's probably not a good idea. Some profanity is fine.
Close your eyes, picture yourself sitting by a lake on a warm day, then drink 22 beers......your not STRESSED NOW!
Awake since 3am, finally decided to just go ahead and get up. And it's even my day off! Bummer!
Today might count as the Portland #Rokjesdag. Excellent!
the Death Eaters were coming to get me earlier, it wasn't a tornado
oh forget it u will never notice me
Kindness of strangers... Amazing the big impact of such small things!
Up and starving like I ain't waking up early :/
People need to stop pretending that T.V. is their friend.
hmm, thought you were ditching because you're broke! #interesting :)
Yet another reason to stay glued to our smart phones, huh? Google+ here we come!
I'm bored to death I wish my friends would text me quicker
"You can stop looking in Florida. Look much further away than that."Zimmerman's attorneys, on their client.
I hope this year brings me a decent man that I could give all my love to n he give it back..
damn you got me.. I really thought her phone was on the couch when i took the charger but she must have snuck it away
Fantastic! RT : Booked my complimentary 2 night stay in the penthouse !! I can't wait!! #winning on
Are lack of resources holding you back? Then get resourceful! There is always a way!
I need your body right here, won't you teleport to me <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Follow my boy ! He's a noob but very knowledgeable about everything #tech and #sports!
Follow and for news and event updates for Austin ISD Schools..
we think she'll be ok. MRI is negative but she lapses into unconscienceness. Katie's always been my favorite; this hurts lots
Thanks on keeping me updated. I have 2 Bears Apps on my phone and both not giving any good updates on who's being cut.
Definitely...they may have cost them a TD
Lee Corso is the human equivalent of a rabbit turd.
Boo Yah! Get there early, the tables fill up quick :)
Ugh its only Tuesday!
Watching the PBS bio of LBJ last night gave me a new appreciation for Jack Valenti's skills as an impressionist. - DvL
#donttakeheroutonvday if the first place you think to go is a hot dog stand, tanning bed, health department, or chuck e cheeses
It's nothing abnormal it's called RAIN and you should all be used to it by now.
We just ran into a guy with a Mcoupe at the mall. 2007 with under 3k miles on it. Mint
SO TRUE. RTRTRT No way an #Aquarius will back off from what cause they're fighting for. They don't stop till they are done"
grrr there are only watermelon blow pops left in my stash...
Thank you!!
jk on my last tweet
don't do it, yolo! :) lol
That awkward moment when a stranger in a cafe starts talking to you because he doesn't realize you're listening in on a conference call.
#EenieMeenie2YearsAnniversary I's been 2 years?? I miss little
Band Banquet tonight! :D
Damn I need a drink
Shopping on wensday :) ima surprise my babe ima get em and myself some clothes :)
"Bialy" Looks like a bagel but light and fluffy. 1/2 the Calories, 1/2 the Carbs and 0g of sugar. Try one today at D'lish Drive Thru!
Love watching #106&Park & seeing my boos & <3 you killed it :)
"IDK of its retired or real-tired!" -
Opening Night of MEMPHIS.. Enjoy the show Baltimore!
I'd be working on two different computers, if I hadn't managed to kill the one...
Don't tase me bro!
You're welcome!
You are right about that.
Had to explain flash mobs to two new colleagues in Philly today. Be worried! But not too worried!
In a yellow cab
An honest mistake! Charlie Crist looks just like Byrne if you squint your eyes... and assume all old white guys look the same.
In the 10 seconds it took me to type this, I produced roughly 10,000 sperm cells
lol, I don't know about that! but thanks! :)
baking bread: rye, corn, oat, wheat and buckwheat with sesame, poppy and sunflower seeds
Im taking the pic right now, lmfaooo & oh shit is right...I'll send you a pic of him!
go to 's tumblr
Beer is living proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy. Benjamin Franklin
The best #streetlit ever A-Town Veteran by Cole Hart..
East side #nopantsaz waiting for the next train
Or, at the very least, that he has no twinges of conscience about it. I remember so many crappy things I did with horror.
Was introduced to by today. What a great product, knocked out 2 quotes in the time it usually takes for 1/2 of one.
Regrets, prior commitments have and I just getting home to the hood now. I trust Mr. S was well-eulogized.
Let's all take some time today to remember the Presidents that helped make our nation great, such as Washington, Lincoln, and Clough.
Go visit stevieamusic.com.
What can I do to model a healthy lifestyle for my kids?
my arms are a little sore. Perfect for shoveling snow!
Had fun at graduation.I cryed.And then went to Zios with the fam. ^-^
no...it's a long story
... make your day better. Use it as a vaccum
There can be only one!
Baltimore is craving ! Come grab the knits, ties and socks before runs out!!
In NYC will be doing magic (Times Square) from tmrw thru Mon. (24/7, no sleep) to raise money for Haitians. via
Yes they are! And i try to avoid man made medicine lol. I prefer to use holistic methods along with running :-)
A few hours in, just hit 50...
thank you pastor! i will b home from school this week for the summer, can't wait to be blessed with the message 3 times a week!
Working at the Laugh Factory Chicago Thrs - Sun w/ Kevin Farley! Reply or message me to get on my guest list for any show.
I wanna get BF3 so bad.:/ and almost got a MOAB yesterday just needed 3 MORE KILLS! :(
Yeah it gave me a good laugh haha!
First Boston loses with 19 SECONDS left in third then they lose in 11 SECONDS in overtime could they have a SECONDS PROBLEM lol
So wish I could let go of my obsession over making the bird baths perfectly level.
Back to normal shop hours today. 4-7pm 1726 E. North Ave.
Thanks for following.
Anyone want to hang out?
Sunday Sunday Sunday! Stop bailing on me please!
: is about ten minutes away from my house!
no - but have heard great things! Totally forgot that was on my to-read list.
Pure Prairie League joke? Yup. That's a follow.
good morn ms.
I wish my Daddy could be here to see me Graduate from College.
what da hell is today friday or monday :(
awesome...ugh..what does your magic 8 ball say about my house selling quickly?!?
I write a hoodie in a show once. A show about street art.
RT Walkin like a man, finger on the trigger, got money in my pocket i'm an uptown nigga.
High Plains Drifter here.
Go Pack Go!
You know you're meant to be in #libraryschool when you procrastinate on homework by helping your friends with their research.
At Mariners opening weekend with the gang. Show 'em some sweet chin music!
yea i got my account back. i cant believe u locked me out lol and life or should i say, my "twitter" life has been suckish lol
Thank you! We are honored to serve! RT : you are such talented people love the WUW Blog!
need to fill our holes on the bench and bring back Arthur. They are the 6-7th youngest team in the league.
Finally home. Monday never goes smoothly. Law of the universe.
website went down just got it back up. There is so much to do when you are behind but knocking it out
Trying 2 grow a goatee
Cheers to of the Austin Zealots. HE MADE A UTOPIAS CLONE!!!
Congrats to the recipients of the 40 under 40 Rochester edition!
You don't get the full benefits of exercise when you box it into 1 hour a day. Integrate it into your entire day and feel the difference!
you are an idiot
Glad to be inspiring you Nicole, and proud to be on this list!
yupp you are all good
I have never seen so many niggas tweet in my life
on the phone or facebook
I feel ya! Its like the planet is purposely being a condescending asshole and calling u lazy. Thanks and you too!
Rest In Peace.... Linda Bernice Henderson.... with much Love my thoughts an prayers are with u bro.
- Cape Elizabeth, ME = quaint, historic, outdoors adventure, and killer-delicious seafood
Whoever enjoys going to school has some serious problems! Fuck this schedule.
TOM FORD MARRY ME
KEEP IT HARDCORE
whatcha gonna do when the brookamaniac annoys the hell out of you brother!
I got brick fair on me right now and I blow it !
I'm the blasian Regina George.
if that's right I earned $1,440. I hope your right!!!
website's already crashed! had my eye on some zig-zag shoes, but I'm too late for #missoni at
That work out >>>
i'll follow you, after all you're my boyfriend.
Unfortunately no. Your unit was designed to cool or heat your entire home. When your tstat is happy your unit will shut off.
You're welcome!
no I'm not, u got an energy overload?
“: thanks brother! And we're ALL stardust!” indeed we are. Best of luck in the finals
I shouldn't be overheating in bed in February with the window open at night. This just ain't right.
Awesome Maria! Thank you so much.
Urban Meyer, finally back in Columbus!
Do what you do best and link to the rest.
My brain hurts from math
the fact tht freshman get to go period... #notcool lol and especially kids tht haven't been at all!!
Thanks for the RT and !
check out www.northcheshireforestry.com
Currently in the Chill Chest ready to dish out: Van, Choc, Straw, Choc chip cookie dough, mint chip, cookies n cream, rocky road, continued
One more twinkie and your overweight!
Wayne Coyne from the Flaming Lips. How weird is that? It'd be fun to get in that inflatable ball with him.
My husband bought a bag of pretzels. I found a jar of Nutella in our pantry. Then good things happened.
someone else got into the music practice room before me tonight. this is so not okay, as it's only 4 days til that audition!
"And the beat goes on...just like my love, everlasting"
#pdxduckbizlunch... has some amazing services to offer to new and old graduates. Panels, job searching, you want it they got it
U r lucky boy get really hot in 11 th.lucky u!
im hanging out with a rapper & a dj right now
Just got approached by someone at #SXSW who said "I've been seeing your shirts everywhere, you must have a big team here!" Response was "no"
Excited to start the day at the -
New Costume Adult Colonial Lady Costume
is at the beach giving my worries to the waves. Talk to the voicemail. Let the inbox get fat.
opp lost another follower. My feeling are hurt
No sound on mens soccer feed
so when are u guys going to bring in the shock collar?
I hate when you leave.
Oh Noo ! I forgot my Biology EOC's got changed to tomorrow Early Session !!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
I wish Shaggy still made music....he doesn't...does he??
After tying the game in the final seconds of regulation, The #Rangers beat the #Capitals in OT to take a 3-2 series lead (ESPN)
You aint discussing shit. You're trashing on the fruit's of glorious labor
It's #HalfPriceFriday and guess who is "hopping" by? The Easter Bunny!!! Join us from 6pm-7pm for fun-filled stories and tons of pictures!!
New viral shit coming soon from ..
do you think your mom can do my headshots & print them out before the 24th?
Can't wait to hear ELECTRIC GOSPEL live.
I'm not enough of an #exhibitionist to use the new #FB as #Zuckerberg et al envisions. It will be interesting to see if others will.
sweet! I love that place! Good luck!
Lol. Oh wow! We need to get office jobs together boo!!
Good thing it's not "Politically Incorrect, Stereotypical Ways To Describe Sitting" Awareness Day too....
I feel like that was bad... Really bad.
fuck me hard these fucking teaser are fucking making me want to hear this new cd already!!!
dont u remember the reason u loved me?
Introducing natalie portman to the black swan music instead of the theme from attack of the clones? This Oscar telecast is full of blunders
Tell me who just saw the Bad Girls Club cast?
You can :) If you're really talented. You can make something more than amazing. Victoria Justice will get a choice to follow. :)
Well which #groundhog do we believe ?.....
I didn't know you were visiting the philly zoo today. Hope you had a good time :)
Like, really? Haha. Okay.
Do you want to carry our Sunscreen? Drop us a line! All locations thru USA Rated #1 by today!
I just realized, Don Draper reminds me of and that is really effing hot.
Who's up for one of our B.Y.O. sandwiches? Goat cheese or jarlsberg Swiss? Onion rings or avocado on that? Or both? We'd love to see you!
Thanks! Looking forward to figuring out all the cool ways I can use it.
Busy, but happy. My interns are awesome. My paralegal and I work well together. Our clients are amazing. Six months later and we are full-sp
IT MUST B CUZ AH NIGGA GOT DOUGH!
Anything for you DebbieA! :) xo
sent U dm with id...and I found the group and asked to become a member. Not sure I can write something for 2day's carnival ;(
A great day with the best friend
I can't talk about sex w/ everybody it feels weird lol
You are right and - it is breeezyyy in Balboa today but still warm and pretty out! Defs still worth an afternoon trip!
sweet!! But next time a little less ass play ;)
thank you, Cristi! :)
werd i think i was a black girl in another life lmfaoooooo
#hyperlib I wish we had teachers like Michael when I was in library school. You folks are lucky!
Morning boys! Anyone wanna help me out?
seriously, I think I no longer fear mrs. Staudt at this point!
did you intend to retweet for your TL, or reply to me?
he's too little.
COULD YOU ADD ME!!!
": #oscars: enjoy the show, will tweet after. Thanks for your good thoughts. Billy" Can't wait!
Dude who stole the vehicle registration sticker off my car: You couldn't just peel it off you had to take half the license plate with you?
Bitches act to scary for me ..
watching represent on a marketing panel at governor's conference for women ..
Ha ha ha
Give him the boot. As quick as you can. And have a great weekend too.
don't lie... stop frontin
“: Wow Jersey Shore is so stupid.” -- it's beyond stupid
Shout out to Bill, Rick, and Allie on SPOT. Excellent work. You'll be missed.
I would take 2nd round pick for felton (or cut him)
organizing crap...but did come across a few things that were a good reminder that the decisions I've made were completely correct!
I'm sitting here studying for finals in need of a pep talk. Any words of encouragement?
UK is the wildest city in the country right now. GO CATS!!
Another great meeting with major network; Ringz business model chimes loud for major program owners
informal polls i've won on twitter: tallest, most scifi read
EVERYONE FOLLOW-SHE FOLLOWS BACK :)
you're welcome :)
I am being genuine here: Nice season Broncos, it could have been far worse. Now go get Colt McCoy in April and start the new a new season.
I'm more likely just to read the top.
this is the longest fucking month of school.
Who is going to win this year's #TheVoice? I likeJermaine and Chris Mann has really grew on me.
by wwe having cena "win" these promos forcibly...isnt he STILL being forced down the peoples throats. smarks should riot
now has 10 text messages that he cannot read.
Everything reminds me of you
You know it's gonna be a good night when 'I'll Have Another' wins the Derby!! cc:
Are you ready? Review Feud is TONIGHT! 7:30 in the Car Barn.
studio went great tonight! working on some new tracks this week gunna be doing a cover song you guys will go crazy for! then back in the
Also, grps asking me to bring THEM devices so THEY can Demo...when I bought all the ones I'm bringing myself. Um, no.
With Big K.R.I.T.'s Def Jam debut Live From The Underground due out June 5, the Mississippi native is back with this new
Chilling Wit My Guy & In Conneticut Watching The Fight! You Know My money on ! So #Wavy In This Junt!
Not sure what it'll cost, or what you need to do? Ask around. Get quotes from reputable studios or designers. Give yourself some time.
we'll see. May the best team win, should be a good one
Slingblade's definitely my favorite.
Everyone go follow ! She is new to twitter.
fell off
Those professors just don't understand the pressure we are under by #klout! I feel your pain girl.
its a little after 8. Can't sleep. #knicks are back.. Got to get dowstairs to watch basketball.. It feels like christmas morning
Likewise! Just spent 2 wks w/ Fritz Nolte in Namibia, my 1st plains game hunt. Amazing time, it was an SCI donated hunt. CU in LV
today Christina Hendricks, my FAVORITE character on Mad Men, came into Urban and I literally died. she is perfect.
You should read Stay by ! It has a doggy :)
haha I know but its still a smile.
The fact that my parents are high school sweet Hearts. >>>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
lol thanks man
Lifted like a muthafucka
This is how worship is supposed to be. If you're not at Pensacola House of Prayer right now, You are absolutely missing out.
How is the crowd to start the 3rd period? They seem quiet on TV. Get that crowd going.
"I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by." Douglas Adams. Don't miss our writing contest deadline 4/30
#packers should probably go for 2 if they can find the endzone again.
The Kiss concerts continue with PITBULL coming August 4th to the Hard Rock Pavilion! Win tickets in the 1st 5 rows ALL week!
Damn. He's soo cute!(:
I agree! Sounded so sick :)
I'll be sure to wear lots of flowers every day all day
Not sure what kind words you're referring to, but thanks for following. :)
just realized my summer project will stretch into winter with almost 200 cookbooks.
I been in here a lot longer than I expected...
Yikes! (Not the bees--you're listening to George Frazier & Drew Goodman? Some kind of penance?)
thank you Travis...a true champion!!!
s many keys they thought i own a business
Y'all is too funny today ctfu
Death to both?? MT : who would u rather see win the Cup this year: Coyotes or Red Wings? Death to either team is not an option.
Bruh u late he be flowen wit A$AP ROCKY bruh
Nice quotes Why Are Telecom Companies Blocking Rural America From Getting High-Speed Internet?...
"I'll make a man out of you" at six in the morning, almost as inspiring as Matt Foley
what kind of little kid doesn't like bubble tea? my picky son, of course!
thanks rach i love you!
Bout' time
A5: great the league is spoke up. Need to do this MORE w/ FAN ISSUES. Fan violence is a huge issue too and relates here #sbchat cc:
Have an Employment Law Issue? Ask me!
It's the best day ever already.
Not only does my 12yo sister use Instagram like it's a social network, but she posts stuff like "If you repost this, your crush will..."
We have a meet tomorrow. Really hope my foot doesn't get more injured.
I woke up singing Lucy in the sky with diamonds.............no idea why. :-)
I had no idea Madison has a 200+ year old tree growing near the Zoo. Totally cool!
Scarlet and grey looks good on #urbanmeyer ...go #Buckeyes !
My daughter performs w/ youth choir in 'Joseph', starring Eric Kunze. #SanDiego Lyceum #SDMTmusicals www.sdmt.org
cry on me baby
why do i make myself laugh
Ha! It's just that I'm more used to hourslong presentations. And so are my audiences. ;-)
I need to attend a bootcamp for Twitter...LOL
Voce que er [:
Beauty Tip: For attractive lips, speak words of kindness.
I like both twitter and facebook, but I can't make up my mind which one I like the most.
How do you manage your hay fever? Do certain foods or exercises help?
Preterm birth rate shows 3-yr improvement in most states. Thanks to all the volunteers who make it happen!
#WhenWillYou Grow Up?
#InTheSummer im gonna be sleeping!!
we all knew it would happen soon
Today I feel like writing a blog about how much of a cunt some people are.
FDA put out a new warning for Celexa. Now 1/2 the pts on it are going to need to be switched to something else, even if it works well. :-(
Wish I was with right now
Actually, I don't mind Justin Bieber at all. JUDGE ME ALL YOU WANT.
I just love when guys stop texting right when we're trying to make plans. Even better, it was his idea.
5.15 by ? “: I should say, I guarantee she'll be here until about 5:15 as per her usual Friday rudeness.”
No sins as long as there's permission
follow me back please please please.! Thanks!!:)) #TEAMBIEBER <33;))
my nigga a mcdouble, a mcchicken, large fries and a strawberry lemonade.
Can't wait to share the black and white cupcakes I made for Sara and Lisa's birthday
I saw Dion's shelves 10yrs ago. It was massive then. His filling system made my mouth drop open.
5 Buses from #Denton tonight for College Night at #CowboysThursday. Shout Out to
nice! Who was there??
Really?? No issue!! I only see it once in my profile!!
Hm . . . I don't remember that line in the movie.
her name is Metallica. I maybe in Georgia soon.
Thanks for the follow Mark. Great mix of biz and community interests in your posts. PS. I'm a glass half full guy too.
Hanging outside watching the crazy-that-yells-things on his routine, waiting for it to downpour.
The Oscars...They are boring as usual! Yawn!
Thank you; we're all challenged by your unique point of view.
Dallas/Ft Worth, y'all have a good guy in Mark Hayes! Treat 'em right!!
Real proud of and all the Heels last night!
Hope is alive for World PIECE www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
thanks for following! Have a wonderful week!
How are you man? Been a long minute.
#idol - Colton or Hollie going home - that's terrible. Whoever it is apparently the vote had nothing to do with talent.
just did !
RT : More than 1/2 of states in the US can deny homosexual couples service in restaurants. Talk about injustice.
#MyPastRelationships Were just a waste of time.
Miss you!
Blocked! Go
Come eat our sandwich.... It will "puccia" smile on your face.....
Being Back Ringer nothing was better
Library will be my place to chill for the next couple days lol
When is Awkward coming back on #MTV Ah I miss that show :(
we need to rent a crapy hotel room and hang out and invite random people hahaha
in the 5th grade I had vacation and I knew my Mom had volunteered so I did the same
i cant believe i fucc dat slut its cool every ni a ratchet before
I'm so hungry...i'm gonna falling asleep in class today. -.-
tomorrow is the day. It's in God Hands now. Im ready tho!
RT MA Bourdon gets undressed by Stafford, who scores,. 8-2. No more updates from me unless something big happens.
#ImHopingThat My one and only calls me soon I'm getting sort of sad without him.
If you're not willing to push through the pain, you must not want it bad enough. No matter what it is.
This is so awesome to hear!
Tickets for Mayday Parade is sold out here):
It's so yellow outside!!!!
Portlander decides to leave "main stream" roller derby league to start a rollerblade gang.
goodnight twitter freaks <U+270C><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
i just realized that steve nash still existed todayu lmao thought his ass died or something already .
I really don't wanna talk to him because she do lol
I must admit, I like some of the cosmetic change -- nice to have TSWL cover displayed! -- but...
I'm the girl to take things slow. I don't kiss or say "I love you" in the first week because I actually want my relationship to last.
umm...stealing that kitten! If it goes missing, you know where to find it ;P
Funny Facts about Miami night life.. If your going to a Lounge chances are that bitch turns into a night club...
oh yes you will
Nothing like an early morning scare adina prank to get my adrenaline going! Lol... I just scared the BaJezus outta her!
Did you know? The Film Term: "above the line" is the line in the budget that includes the star(s), director, writer, and lit. agent.
it was me
dear Rae you better be awake hooker so we can go to the mall on ur 100 dollar budget lmao I miss being young lol
Rise and shine #LA good morning what's for breakfast ?
I can't get out of this place fast enough. This will be the longest 2 weeks of my life
Getting ready for
Good work, it's really crazy how teams not even really competing for FCS titles are trying to make a move up
You took the words right out of my kitty mouth! xoxoxo
since most idiots use the same l/p on different sites, please tell me you check. (even *.gov morons do.) may open more doors.
Do you have any superstitions on the jobsite because of #Fridaythe13th?
Our recovery in the present and our prosperity in the future depend upon the success of America’s small businesses and entrepreneurs
Woke up early and made some Kale juice. Yep that's right the Juiceis Loose! Let the diet begin!
Teen drinking is very bad. I got a fake i.d. doe.
we have to pick just one? "Pat & Mike" a good one. "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner" their last and one of their greatest.
Don't worry, there's plenty of room at the corner of bitter and jaded.
#Huguely faces six charges in connection with Love's death including murder, burglary, grand larceny and robbery.
4 In all haha it was fun though.
We have a new winner this week, has been dethroned as the weekly winnder.
Saturday morning #opera cont'd! Duff at 9a & Finals Concert at 10a feat. Los Angelino How'd she do? …Darn well!
I don't like my braces :(
Wondering how many beers will rip through when they’re here this weekend. Any guesses?
Those tools chanting, other than maybe burning their lips on their Starbucks, have likely never been in peril.
what to do today? whats good?
Haha don't hate me and that bitch cray for twisting some words like that
In bus waiting for the Hawthorne bridge. Almost put my head down on chest, fingers in my ears trying to not hear conversation in front.
Its gonna be ok
let the dynasty begin. On my way to the top :)
Good morning everybody!! :D
Twitter is adding item level content from any Amazon link. And Amex app will load discount if you use a hash tag.
Heading into panel on "Against Innovation"
I agree!
'<die>enemy's name</die>'
With the 32nd pick of the NFL Draft, the New York Giants select RB David Wilson
Rolling up
Two races, two medals
RT : that's awesome!!!!! Love the pic.//yeah, he did a great job on the
What else have you been up to?
RT #TBI fast fact: Per the 35.2% of TBIs are a result of falls
INTO!!! INTO!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> And I had never met another who dreamed as big as me until I met , Jessica. Praise God for her! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Thanks for connecting us! Please let us know if you would like to hear and learn more! Thanks
See I started w nothin but a passion & then I blew.
that's exactly what I said! Goddamn it Josh. I wanted 3 kids ;)
Norfolk State won the game. Now they gotta play florida next
GLEE is singing RIO!? :D what????? haha woo
Jeremy Lin is just Michael Jordan in costume...
lol, I don't want to scare him...
Hey Susan, thanks for the tweet, we were super excited by the award. Finger crossed for getting some more soon. Niall
Dear Blackberry..PLEASE WORK. sincerely, me who is socially deprived..
Always hustle, simple routine plays are easily messed up.
Just had some milk and warm cookies. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> time to ktfo. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
i just saw you on my timeline thought i would bother , no interupting lol
RT : Say "What?" and look up. While looking up, say "Oh. Nah, it's cool." Continue what you were doing. Good.-
Who gets Bc texts at 3 in tha mornin >>
You rock. Have a fab weekend!
Best Rancho Bernardo food finds for our 1st SD Dishcrawl...would be a shame to miss out on such an exciting food adventure!
RT “: ps - we're nearly at the 1700 follower mark - 1 to go! Who will it be?:)”
Totally false that Ann Romney didn't have job--all those nannies, gardeners, cooks, drivers, in all those houses--If Mitt let her have say
really good, actually. How about you? :-)
#IsItJustMeOr Most new SEO skills & techniques are learned from experimental designs, implementations while web traffic tracking & searching
My only early birthday wish is for to either follow me, RT this or mention me in a vlogg(: its tomorrow(:
this nigga never notices me !
“: I know. Going to be a long summer! I thought last year was bad.” || Still can't believe it!! Hold me.
Cristiano Ronaldo: I miss apple crumble and custard at Manchester ...
Soo...I'm watching glee with the infamous :) :) but....I miss my :(
No money means no lunch. This is some nigga shit.
Jubilee is the worst X Men ever. Her powers have minimal effectiveness, I hate her stupid yellow raincoat and I hope she dies
#Castle ... What will I do next Monday night??? <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
The sun is out in #Seattle. Go outside. This is not a drill!
PPSS Strawberry+Banana combo is delish! So is Mango+Tigers Blood! Oh ya :)
Love watching the Rebs play like this! Great first half!
When spring cleaning takes 6 months. You know you are getting a
Planning a trip to Napa for the Fall Harvest. Who's in?
Omg im about to cry, that little girl ):
it's been some time since u had any new music out so I was JW will u have a new CD out anytime soon?? I LUV ALL UR MUSIC!!
Calling all hopheads... Don't be Stoopid! Stop by Pipers Pub on Thursday. It'll be Stoopid.
They're phenomenal tracks. A lot of that record is actually great.
Praying all are safe and sound in neighborhood farmhouse fire right now.
Get and up to 100,000 followers, millions and millions of Alexander Miller's Fans
girl, your new song is awesome. I'm so proud of you. Keep on writing that good stuff. The world needs like you! <U+2661>
let know that I wish I could have fun doing homework too...on second thought not really
good man working dis basketball thing pretty hard making moves hitting grooves. You kno
Do #DaraTrivia. I'll play, GO.
Thanks bro!
Thank you. That was sometime in February actually so you know, not too long ago
Well I'm up so I'm gonna do some shout outs!
Elimination game for Devin Harris & the #Jazz tonight vs. the #Spurs. Devin had 21 pts in Game 3-will prob. need at least that to stay alive
AAAHAHAHAHA! RT 8 Thanksgiving observances gone horribly wrong on Facebook.
Chapter proposals banged out, tech policy submitted, emails abt library collabo sent. All that's left is tasting some of that food on L1!
Thanks to those who gave me advice and help with my journey. I am grateful for twitter in that aspect. Peace and Love to All...
So goin to the alcoa graduation now so I have to go buy another dress ugh .
In Garbot We Trust RT : you must fix Garbot. Think of the children.
My guess is b/c #Girls claims so much cultural space that I am territorial of things that actually are part of my uncool old ass existence.
First we form habits. Then they form us.
Thanks for the follow Francis Weaver (freaver)! :)
thanks so much! Liking yours as well
"Always be proud of your mother." Clive Davis
yeah.. true that statement is. Smith994 is too fat for totesness. Must. Refuse. Hops. And. Barley. And. Whiskey.
Curator is such a bad title. Viral video maker even worse! Hollywood version: Make me some cult classics. Stat.
Thank you for the mention about our guitar documentary and the threat of the loss of trees to guitars.
When a guy brags about his money just to get a girl its a turn off unless shes a gold digger.
Looking forward to #TheLorax. Gotta be better than The Cat in the Hat movie.
OMGG you are so lucky :(
Getting ready for this spring... gonna be a good year...
Biggie Smalls always hated mediums.
dm me fa more info.....
I can't stand it I know you planned it / I'm gonna set it straight, this watergate
i feel like ATT's message with their 4g tv ads is "get a 4g phone and you'll become a huge asshole that everyone fucking hates."
what happened last night?
NO!:( #DWTS roshan and Chelsea got voted off!):
Oh. I didn't press save before uploading a document for a job app. Ugh.
One of my fav times of the year has arrived! Birthday & the Oscars this weekend. Here's to life & dreams of a future little gold man statue!
Shit in order to miss school tomorrow... I gotta go to a bridal show with my mom
Just started The Extra 2%! Stoked to listen to it.
Primus was just used in a Celtics commercial. Happy day :)
Yes I did how was yours
ENCOURAGES YOU ALL TO FIND A REASON TO SMILE TODAY!
Just met Tom Green at Andretti.. Just another night..
Congrats! How was it?
This step show is about to be on point... Dm me for ticket info.... We got Omega Psi Phi, Kappa Alpha Psi, and Sigma Gamma Rho....
we was blessed wit tha recipe, all i ever did waz keep it street
that one was a mahomie one ? O.O
American Woman.
LLN. I was talking about girls, bro(;
My two greatest hopes for #Oscars--Melissa McCarthy wins Best Supporting Actress and The Artist doesn't win Best Picture.
Happy Mothers Day!
Coffee date with and before our last Tuesday night class of grad school!
Happy Race Day!
RT : ALA members: Got a quiet Friday afternoon? Look for your email announcing access to the ALA elections ... and vote! See...
I always read all of 's tweets. #bestfriend or #stalker?
You are the best kind of person.
The only value ESPN has now is to find out what athletes are tweeting.
Those potato chips are pretty good! :) Enjoy
To be honest I don't even know what BOA looks like I wouldn't be able to pick her out of a lineup.
she made a classic mistake ... Saying she was eating for 2 but ate for 4.
well since I haven't seen it, I can neither confirm or deny.
Smith's Old Bar for Music is like going to Pay Less Shoe Stores for Music.
"Fear fucking fears me!"
girl of I was a few shades lighter is be blushing lol. I'm so happy ya people liked it! :-)
How about a guy who could play SLB to the Colts in the 2nd? Only 1 LB taken, could mean good value.
O.O. (That's me staring at you like the Undertaker.)
So I was playing sims 3 and I turned on the radio in the game and one of Justin bieber's songs came up lol
Tune in to 820AM, 96.7FM at 7AM this morning to hear John Pendolino's feature story on our upcoming exhibition!
L.A. trivia night is in full swing ! Be sure to join in the fun at our Boyle Heights location at 7PM tonight!
I LOVE YOU TOO :D
T-2 days until a two week vacation that includes a trip to Vegas and a golf tournament
I just snurup
Straight like that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I just like to smile. smiling's my favorite. :) lol
Your so lucky!!!
I know! its not suppose to be out yet.... but he doesn't have to knoww(;
"Buck a Shuck" Happy Hour oyster deal is obviated when you can't swallow the $2 Bud Light, and instead order the $10 martini. Eh. Worth it.
whoa just realized it's friday the 13th.
that looks like it's going to take a while. I suggest taking the volleyball out to save some time :)
Whats your favorite girl scout cookie???
I'm afraid to get rejected, so if I show that I like you, I must really like you.
Up up up up
Where them sexi guys at?
ITS ABOUT THAT TIME!! CHECK OUT THE CINCO DE MAYO BASH hosted by ya boi & w/ SPINNING THE HOTTEST MUSIC 2-8P
Dan about to go live from Rose Garden with latest on Blazer trade today..KOIN Sports in just a few minutes
trust me, that's not a bad thing.
5 point game. Let's go boys.
Y'all get ready for a stream of random thoughts!
RT Shopping: An activity in which we kill our nagging existential anguish by replacing it with an acute financial one.
Aucoin looking like Edler on that. Yuck.
happy holidays all!!!!!
and thank you too! En route and ready for that yummy cream of rice.
haha yeah man! That's the sticker sketch I did! I'll send those to you tonight!
Got back to the hotel after a full day of publisher events, I've got blisters and I'm so unmotivated to get dinner. I might just go to bed!
Nice sign! Post more pics of completed projects!
then go get some damn tequila and let's party
Need help - how can I make my dog comfortable with someone else putting a leash on her? It's a big problem! Any tips?
Had a fun time shopping this afternoon!! :)
Lehigh over Duke? Ya gotta love the madness! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
game of thrones!!
Reimnder! DO NOT MISS OUT ON OUR 10 picks for tonight! Email now! 14-5 last 19!
Leftovers from catering gigs this weekend....boo hoo....I want to cook!!!!
good morning! Oo yo! I have a question for u lol dm me ur number
Opening night of Annie! :D
Tired from all I had to do today..
finally some good news! 3 of my holiday invites included the phrase 'open bar'
y'all need to come tour in new york:)
oh. Well were going! And I think so is everyone from last nights party.
Commissioner of #Labor is determining the time an employee can be employed without being subject to UC requirements.
Boneless pork chops and mango ginger chutney are delicious! Whole wheat Cous Cous too! Yummy!
my pleasure, nice to see you smiling and always enjoy your company!
such an impressive run so far by #devils. Wasnt sure what they'd bring pre-postseason. They brought the good stuff
Rats are a lot harder to catch with a fidel, unless that fidel is full of rat poison.
You're saying you could beat Nikita? Well, good luck with that! In the meantime, I will organize your funeral!
you just changed the world in an instant!
freeze - you are the edge of the bonfire / all listening skin and teeth
That new Ace Hood mixtape hitting
Is hurting today ah
you NEED a tele.
AND be living in California.
Whew! Filed our taxes so long ago, I'd forgotten we'd done them and froze in anxiety. Then the pain turned to relief like a brainfreeze. Ahh
Hello friends- Tell us about your weekend in 3 words- we will start- "Way to short" :)
I love you <U+2665>25
A cautionary tale?
Thanks for the RT :D
Yeah, baby!
Honestly, sometimes I just miss the way we used to be...
Just got two new bracelets from claires!
they need a TE
omg maybe you can join!!
hanging out ready to get this #sactweetup party started!
Good morning and thanks for the follows - we'll continue to help
Products are made in the factory, but brands are created in the mind. ~ Walter Landor
Fun Fact of the Day: You thought that only you need sunscreen? Well pigs, walruses and light-colored horses are prone to get sunburned!
Don't give up on life when a problem comes traveling through just keep your head up and keep on going.
If you enter the United States while being deemed “legally inadmissible” by the immigration laws of the federal government
How will I know is my best light
I still dream of getting your twitter handle. If you're open to giving it up, please let me know! Thanks,
is Bob converting the 5 to liberalism
God. COLUMBUS. Really?! REALLY!??! Ugh... Still pissed.
the last time you said that, I seriously changed my bio xD
Rachel Tillman pleased w/changes that have been made, but we need more focus on entrepreneurs & other businesses.
What does ray Allen's hair look like when it's grown out?
My upgrade is in 19 days, but the charging port on my current phone is broken and now the batt is dead. Can I just upgrade early
he loving the crew!
Hey All my theatre friends. New Federal Theatre is now on Twitter. Follow them at
taking a break after weeding out the peonies
RT : Tonight! An evening with Donald Byrd and the creative team from the 5th Avenue to discuss the collaboration with......
49% of men report that a woman's sense of humor is a big turn on
This match is intense!
#Risk Mitigation is an important consideration for #ICD10 planning. De-identifying data for testing environments is vital to the plan.
please follow me I'm a big fan
IPhone 5 rumor... Apple will rename silent mode to "LeBron" since both are ring-less.
www.Shastic.com seeks #beta clients: #venues #restaurants #bars 2 #promote #events & #sell #drinkspecials on #Facebook. DM us for more info!
by the way ur pretty also. No Homo.
James Home at Google would be the one to know about this.
Dame Edna on talking about the royal wedding. Love it!!!
me too, it was worth going negative in the bank lol
ritard: there's one in every family.
Lol so the list was wrong and they weren't next To move here apparently. Lol$320pledge.com
Fewer things seem out of place at the rough-hewn DefCon hacker convention than a swarm of kids.
Finally home!
That's so awesome!!!!
hey Taylor, we had a death in the family and wont be able to play tonight but we are going to reschedule ASAP.
I'm about to get home, can u still get on oovoo?
Fb will always be a high school playground full of drama
Just returned from daughters highschool orientation - I'm pretty sure I'm in over my head...
Wishing so much good luck to my friend today!! He's got a baseball bat and
im here already I've been here since 11:30
Tip of the day: if you want to make your team get 2 records at once then alls you got to do is make it look like you werent trying to lose.
": I'm so drunk right now I just walked in to Kentucky Fried Chicken and shouted "Hey!! Can I get my chicken choked?!!"" Haha!
See we celebrating already cuz we already know we won! :D
Happy mothers day to my truly amazing mum
im working but my dads on his way home... Find away to call me
Time for a big 2nd half!
Obey your LEAN
Hahaha. RT I feel like ALL of Death Cab's songs are kinda stalkerish
Excellent InfoPeople webinar “The Hopeful Workplace!” Kudos to presenters George Needham and Joan Frye Williams.
Well, I have had my share of excitement for the day. Grateful that everyone is safe.
you won a tier 1 prize.
Time to go and knock this workout out
was up punk
Naw u hung up it's cool lol
what's good?
It real hard to go to sleep when u have a special someone on your mind
a Cervantes #quote for World Book & Copyright Day "Who reads much and walks much sees much and knows much."
yes!! I know right!
wish our Bill Bailey would've had the balls to go! “: Guns n Roses into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame....? Life is good.”
...again, I say: if you've liked his other stuff, you're gonna LOVE this one. Strong cast. Such a great shoot.
thanks so much. That's the idea. :))
I apologize to all the people that were at the party on sat. I did not mean to be a sloppy drunk :\ . Quiting for a while.
In the flour bomber's defense, Kim wears that much powder on a daily basis.
Lots of visits to the burger joint on #420 Day...just sayin'
waking up to my kids
We made do without the biscuits. Dinner rocked. Loved the octopus & fried oyster po boys... & I need that cornbread recipe!
I work in grapevine, so I could do 5:45 ish. We could meet at watermark church if that's convenient.
"shit, if I wanted a quilt made on a machine I'd just go buy one" -wisdom from a customer at
Wed nite at Signing Dinner Chip played your clip & spoke abt u - 500+ #GoDucks fans grinned! can't wait for u & this class!
Caught some March Madness at the Greene Turtle in #Ballston last night. But is anyone else worried about getting hit crossing Glebe?
Are you on a Mac? You could try repairing permissions in Disk Utility. Or reinstalling Chrome (sad to say).
I love being out in the sun. No sitting in the break room for me.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle "Jennifer's Body"
you might be right. When are you getting back to the city?
Thanks much for the follow!
He want that cake, cake, cake, cake, cake, cake.
You're all kinds of awesome. Thanks!!!
Being an Aspie means clearing a new path for others to follow. All great inventions were started by an Aspie.
I'm giving out 10 autographed air guitars & a Celine Poster to my 100th follower and to all that RT this. Yea that's right, I'm big time.
Love it!
"ugly people wear ugly shirts" wise words from Spridge.
"I am not the kind of girl who should be rudely barging in on a white veil occasion." #Retweet if you are a proud #Swiftie¹³
It too often we abandon problems before finding answers. Einstein:“It’s not that I’m so smart. It’s just that I stay with problems longer.”
My goal is to write something so amazing that Scott Brick will agree to read it for the audiobook.
The sweetest sound of all, is your own name spoken by the only boy you care about.
our pleasure!
Why don't you use an iPhone? iPhone 4? :)
I'm concerned - it's ur fault. Renaming you guys #CHAOS &
Hell of a day.. The news business is crazy!! Gotta love the adrenaline though.
there r a lot of cute colorado news personalities on tv but ur the cutest by far. I think its ur attitude
me too! that's where the best babies come from
#newpuppy try adding some fish oil to the food it works as an anti inflammatory
But you'd probably drill at least two people in the face
hey morgan how r u? will you follow me( we r friends on FB)?
he won a Cy Young for y'all! Besides him Mulder and what's his name were more responsible for that 20 game win streak than not
Would any blogs/labels/podcasts/aliens listening be interested in dropping an exclusive Quarry mix or should I just do it all DIY????
Most guys now this days aren't gentleman which is sad.
So is there a bug goin around??
Great sox game tonight from 6 rows behind home
I LOVE SUPing, can we please go?!
#longboard When learning PLEASE wear safety gear. I would beg you to even if you've been doing it for years but I rarely take my own advice
Yay! Icooked for the first time n ididnt burn myself
#Seahawks take another LB, grabbing Bobby Wagner out of Utah State in the 2nd round.
Good article on 1/2 marathons. Keep running and check my blog out too when u get a chance.
On a bus with a bunch of 7th graders.
Chris Spielman said, "As good as these two offenses were, I have to be honest, the defenses were twice as worse."
It's not the first time I've been wrong - but let's win tomorrow before we start talking about next week.
My eyebrows are starting to look like caterpillars.
watching hannity...relaxing
Awwwe, Miss ya more! I retired last month & find myself busier than ever, it's a good busy, it's my busy :-)
So Im Thinkin Like 10 Songs On Martian Muzik, Start Working Tomorrow
#mh8 - we didn't place the wall of tweets onstage to avoid distracting panelists or having laughter at a tweet while a panelist speaks, etc.
RT : RT : How many #mammograms in the $3.5 mm price of a #SuperBowl ad?
Hope you are having a wonderful start to your week.
why not? At one time he loved her. Drugs got in the way
Dublin Or Bust.
Tim. My main account is but i'm on a tweet limit there so just remember that <333
you guys should mix breakfast in bed together and straight up make a breakfast bed. Bacon weave blanket!
Two weeks making progress on knee post-op got my doctor follow up just gotta keep making progress!
yeah but she ain't a very good role model
Sebring Are you ready, March 12, 2012 Open House. Be there come learn about our programs
My knees are killing me from crossing them during the whole perfomance of
wise prediction!
Our little Bay League "rivalry" is definitely fun. Good luck. Hope you win the league. MT Congrats
do you know of mike stacks?
Darrell wash just flipped over a player and scored a touchdown!!!!!
Got a New Avi ^.^ ** gjkngdhfgbufhdgkjnrtfgjk He a CUTIE (;
Jk ill rather workout :) <U+E00E>
Meeting with G-Unit dang Pauly I'm do proud of you!
I think should tweet me a "goodnight"?.(: Iloveyou(:
Ultrasonic's unique distribution model will do this RT “ #futureoffilm New models to pay artists directly are needed!”
Having a hard time accepting that the Jordan Taylor era is over for #Badgers. Way too short. Shoulda been one more game... if not weekend.
Bout damn time. LOL. No disrespect. We just been out here waitin is all. So... Hurry up. Luv ya. GOD bless
Typical TV guy. Wrong. RT : David Gregory on Romney math: You can't win the head without the heart.
English Class sucks
Unfortunately I never saw 'Stealth'. I'm not sure if that's a good or bad thing. Do you suggest I wait until it comes out on DVD?
thanks for that maybe he know someone who has come home who may have more time and be willing.
ya man it was great
k coo ... Goodnight baby
Hope the #LTDArmy is having a blast this St. Patrick's Day! Have a great night and be safe. Drive safe and sober. The cops are out in force.
Breaking news the sugababes are back together we can all sleep at night now
Sometimes my decision making skills are faulty.
Coldplay's music is such drivel. The horror I'm hearing now is a remix of one of their songs that sounds like UB40 got behind the console.
Did anyone else see the women beating her crying child? /: . Fucking sad.
ESPN Analyst Jay Bilas talks UA, GameDay - Arizona Daily Wildcat UA News ESPN Analyst Jay Bilas talks UA, GameDay Arizona Daily Wildcat B
Why piss around with dumb Staal trades when you can watch the L.A. Kings' splendid forecheck every other night?
"I am not fucking with you.I'm here from downtown. I'm here from Mitch and Murray. And I'm here on a mission of mercy." 's Blake
Next Time you're in vegas checkout the store call Seat in the fashion Show mall on the las vegas strip great deals nice clothing
“: #InTheFuture i will be living in a two story log cabin house witha wrap around porch in the middle of the woods :)”
ah what?
On a day in #Detroit like today, a moujadara pita sounds about right!
I donated...you scare me tho...haha
California.. One word, traffic.
please follow and and
Thanks to Mathew Evans with KnightHorst Shredding: Interview on "Mind Your Business"
Award winning author of Life of Pi, Yann Martel will be at Powell's Books tonight at 7:30.
"bros" don't need that explained to them. They know why a man stays.
what you up to!!!!
“: Happy birthday to one of the best jump shooters I ever met enjoy #HFam”Thanks my dude
u do realize this won't fit in a mini van right? This ain't no kiddie thang!
there's one for Patterson Park. Great way to connect and share info, tips, watches cohesively
I totally want Natalie's talent. Although I'm afraid I wouldn't like what my cats have to say about me. :P
Better. txt me punk!
anyone can run tests before committing. It's how long it takes to fix a broken build that counts.
Me too! “: I wish I could come over to your vacation house. :D”
chillin at the crib. Lookin at dirt bikes n stickers. #pbr as well.
I never knew love would hurt like a heart attack.
Thanks, You're (we're) the best.
Merry Christmas to all!!
Hey Arturo :) I miss you so much! You're very Outstanding Victorian that you have amazing tweets about ;)
short run due to time. I just finished a 2.17 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I am are you at the keynote? I like the MOOC
tht would have been a good one... except IU jus got off probation last yr. lmao
This girl had a crush on me in middle school & all it took was a dream for me to reconize her.......now we talk daily she the
all you fucks are so boring on twitter tweet some funny shit come on #GetReal lol
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves. Ray Kroc
thanks ya little shit
I have never done the dinner show. Only Ohana's. We are going again this year for Thanksgiving.
My grandma is like my momma tbh
Really wishing for a little MST3K commentary with this Senate hearing on online video
The angels of transparency have a strong connection with the akashic Records and the Crystal beings.
much love homie
Rhubarb Custard Pie | Beneficial Farms CSA
Like a good neighbor, LeBron is there. With a life 1,000 times better than yours!
As long as Daddy is singing I'm sure Ava is happy! :)
thank you! I'm beyond excited! Miss you both. Come out here and visit me
Never tell a young person that anything cannot be done. God may have been waiting centuries for someone ignorant enough of the impossible to
There is plenty of room on the Sixers' bandwagon for everyone.
Purple kush get me high like a missile
I'm sure lovin this summer weather in March...guess I don't have to go to San Antonio in April.....
Body doubling effective for students. Just sit with them, not tutoring.
maybe revenging yourself via email? ;) RT : Evening - not Evenging. Not sure what Evenging is.
Jesus, being Republican is like some kind of fucking religion. Fuck all y'all, can't people change their mind?
That Awkward Moment When.........You have a fake catfight over Men with your IBFF and you actually get mad, cause she's fake winning LoL. ;p
Im looking for #internetmarketers who want to make real money online. Launching something friday with #free #software to help you.
Kickin it wit my boy here at VAMP Patio, music bumpin, heat in full effect!!!
Don't tell me you'll see me/hang out.. IF YOU ACTUALLY ARENT GOING TO! it's BS and it makes me mad. P[eace]L[ove]U[nity]R[espect]<3
Even FoxNews was embarrassed ": So, WTF is up w/Hank Williams Jr.? What a douche. Comparing Obama to Hitler? Loser. #2012 #rwnj"
I'm not encouraging laying off anyone, but laying off 15 and increasing everyone else's pay by $14k is huge..
Our Hawks won ,now its time for our Braves to do the same.
SECRET LFIE AND KARDASIONS WERE BOTH SO GOD!!!!! SCHOOL TOMORROW 8TH GRADERS RULLIN THE SCHOOL HELL YA
The ScholarCHIP deadline for children of incarcerated parents has been extended to Mar 15! Spread the word to DC youth!
thanks for the heads up, much appreciated!
Thank you for the follow!
is the hottest, sexiest dancer during Alejandro on the Born This Way Ball!
Rounds three and four today...#eyeofthetiger on repeat
please I'm a golden CARROT
Westie hooked it up,
how did you cut your tongue rofl.
RT #SOTU: when tax policy hurts families trying to make ends meet, "that's not right" #EITC keeps families afloat
Just finished the first rough draft of my NCAA bracket. Have 2 1's and 2 2's getting to Final Four
so twitter upgraded huh
Love the hawker who calls out "kettle corn" in a very high pitched voice. It DOES cut through the din and get your attention (cc )
OK up, breakfast, Italian with Rosetta Stone, (ugh!) and Mahler - Strauss & Strauss - Mahler.. once again HELP!! NOT HAPPY!!
Text Me RT : need to come over
”) so how your night turning out!?
Hoping for success is not enough
Who taught me to never let haters or anyone get to me. <3 <3 thankyou!! #SGTC //
Way to start out summer 2012? Getting picked up at Applebees with
I want to eat my lunch now. Now, at 7 a.m.
our band could definitely be the cast on king of the hill
Definitely some #muscle on that bad boy, Jamie. Maybe they'll scale it back for a #RedSox edition.
I know. But the sacrifice will be worth it!!! <U+E32E><U+E51A><U+E32E>
Im bouta gone get up
Why did Lumen ditch out on my man? Get her back in there. Deb is a fucking miracle
im gonna get my 26 year old brother 2 be a #belieber after watching the movie with me i have gotten alot of people 2 b a fan<3
Check out Strongwater's new song "Reality is Overrated"!
Grind Smarter....
girl you're in the wrong latitude. Delaware is all sorts of sunny and almost 80°.
I Have Had The Worst Spring Break So Far!!! :/
No one wants to tweet me? Oh okay.
Thanks to everyone who joined us at the Celebration of the Arts Luncheon!
#packers travel to seattle september 24th. flynn or russell?
Looking for a full time IT/Software Dev Job? Give me a shout! 312-616-7974 ....Id love to help ya out! =)
S/O TeamNORRRRTHHHHHH
Playin till I get my gold gun
RT : You don't need anybody that doesn't need you. Focus on those who truly appreciate you and get rid of those who don't.
Just got gas for $3.75
deal! Thanks :)
MET A NICE NEIGHBOR EARLIER TODAY VN LADY..
You know, you COULD bake me one of YOUR delicious meals. Alone, I am forced to eat raisins. ;)
Want some coke? Have some weed.
check out some of our disney videos and music videos we hope to post up soon
Question then emerges- how much does anatomical structure (our hands) inform typing layouts versus a language difference?
Ok let's trend
Thank you!
haha I'll make sure to take my time! xD
Waiting for white smoke over Fenway
noooppppppe not at all:)
#OOMF I won't ever talk to again
Think of the happiest things. It's the same as having wings. -Peter Pan
haha ill get him to follow you to (:
okay well slipknot is scary I can agree but bmth/other bands are amazing<3 omg. :3 so good.
Thank you Ferdinand for giving us lifelong #Porsche dreamers the greatest driving machine ever, in the history of the world. RIP my friend.
That was some retarded judging. I'm at a loss.
Will have to try it soon. There's been a proliferations of Asian on Anderson kicked off by Madam Mam's
heyy :) what's up?
Having to change my plan in last minute because someone else's flakery is retarded.. sigh..
our garden is growing squashes like mad! might have to start bundling complimentary squash with each wig purchase.
the sky looks like someone pissed off Voldemort. love it.
ah dang i missed it
weather.com is reporting a forecast of 89 for Sun. Anything less than 100 is good by me!
Don't talk about it, be about it.
No worries he just pulled it off. Scary foul ball though.
Thanks for following me. I'm looking forward to reading your updates. Adam
wazzza !(: can't wait for cover :D any hits of the song he's doing?
In the doctors office now!
So the rental car is struggling going up a steep incline and a dude on a motorcycle passes me texting.
know them haters never phase me. That's not how my mama raised me. :D
Softball started today. I threw up.
is killing it on stage right now... A+
Uh oh y'all fina see the twitter Demon
Have not twitted for 11 days-think its a record! But almost done with my first week back officially working at Elfriede's Fine Fabrics!
follow me madison please
will send something tmrw! Thanks!
More than 4 million iPhone 4S units sold in the first 3 days of it's release. How easy is it for Siri to find you ?
People get on my fucking nerves!!!!
Good managers know how to delegate. Great managers know how to roll up their sleeves and work next to you in the trenches.
Aww looks so cute with her momy
So ready! “: We are having a party for Flat Out in Miami, Atlanta, NY and Columbus. Miami first. Invites going out soon.”
Downtown store happy hour 4-8 pm Thursday & Friday $1 off wine pours, $1 off domestic bottles, $2 off drafts. It's on your way home!
HELL YEA !
I am going out and getting some challah now! You made me hungry. Good site by the way.
We won't say the name yet but our guest artist is pretty grand. Here's a hint, the name starts and ends with "S".
For sure will!
I will praise You, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made. - Psalm 139:14
Spring fever has no respect for my to-do list.
You can fit 124,488 M&Ms in a standard Dorm Room Movers box
Hi, Maria. Thank you for joining us.
i don't even care that #ibanez looks like voldemort....he's a beast
we topped out at 6" before it started to melt fast. Guess we'll see what over night brings... eek!
New stack of books to read. New legal pad. New-ish pen that I picked up somewhere. New nonfiction picture book project!
you're awesome buddy!
14 oz NY strip. Morning run should be interesting. Hoping I don't get locked out again while the gingerbread man attacks.
I'll keep u posted via twitter peace.
losses are a good thing. because you realize what a strong person you TRUELY ARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!YOU mourn the loved ones....you'll never forget
Follow me! is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating!;)
A break up is like a broken mirror. It is better to leave it broken than hurt yourself to fix it.
Aww! I hope your grand parents are okay. God Bless. <3
Do you think Andy's lawyer will call for Mariano to finish up Andy's testimony?
kinda wanna go I a strip club tho. . wonder if I can change his mind? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I hate when my computer doesn't cooperate
Working for uncle Sam tonight another Friday OT griping this shit.i'll be on broadway n134st f--king up the traffic. GO GRIPEABOUTIT.COM
I hereby offer my drafting services to both of you. You won't be sorry. Ask Mike about his team from last week.
Thank you Electric Touch for the great concert last night !
Wish us luck on making it to "Cupcake Wars" and let us know how you like the video.
Welcome to Seattle,. I know you will have a wonderful time here in all this beauty.
I thought and said nothing but the most devious, dishonest, and evil spirited things when I was younger.
have not had a chance to check it yet. The kids r keeping me hopping. Lol.. will go check it now.
When are they gonna show SECs on tv ? ...
oh ok I just was checking lol
what up? i hit u back yesterday, the last joint you sent was stupid!!! dope stuff man!!
She is such a health food nut, she thinks a grape is wine in pill form.
Hi ! Best of luck this season & be sure to let us know when ur in #Miami. We'll be tuning in
Really Really cold
A few interview slots are open. Join me tonight at the Beavercreek Barnes & Noble to discuss your college plans and Winthrop University
March madness isn't basketball. Its insane intensity at work! All good, but tiring!
Closed LONG $NZDUSD for +40 pips profit; 0% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 60% SHORT
Is Gavin DeGraw Surprised He Made It This Far On &#39;Dancing With The Stars&#39;?
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have."-Thomas Jefferson <-- so true! the more you put in, the more you get out!
I gave my honest appraisal as you'll see The article was good, the video not so much. Who did it? Thanks for asking!
KARAOKE starting early tonight at
I am taking notes. They are just absolutely structurally sound. Its amazing.
Half these people that chill on 3rd between Pike and Pine don't even try to pretend there not just there to move drugs
Lemme guess: becomes head of kneecapping dept....
Dear mother, no matter what i'm getting out of this house after this summer and moving to Eugene. Sincerely, your daughter.
hope derrick can get back ....kinda worried. That's a nagging painful thing, the old groin. Its such a grind right now for
I got to wear a bikini, snowboard & drink booze for free...
Seeing #DarkShadows right now!:)
Glad you love the #organic produce! Let us know what delicious dishes you make with them :)
when are you coming to florida??? Peace,love, vanity(:
RT : Love Bay Area reusability culture: to get truck to borrow free tools from and rent power...
for sure. What are you doing tommorow night though?
These niggas got designs on the back of they jeans...
Hash bash
I keep dosin off in front of dis computer... Druelin on my keyboard. Lol!
same thing u do every Monday be brilliant and awesome
Awee, my baby bought his first phone. Now I can call him whenever I want and bug the hell outta him. Haha, love you babe. (:
Someone send me a copy of The Beckham Experiment.
Los Angeles i am yours from June 16th to June 21st - lets play folks
...unless you suck...
"ROMNEY 'STILL DECIDING WHAT POSITION ON IMMIGRATION IS'" #huffpost He'll wait till the campaign hits L.A.!
lol been the same way. Taxes finally monday but have been putting them off in favor of film stuff for 2 mths. And I get $ back!
HAMLET!!!!! yes! jude law, break a leg.
move?? As in Manual Labor??
Make it quick! Lol RT What's the secret to walking a small dog in weather like this?
Sorry about all those moose in your hospitals! RT : Anchorage represent! Hi5,
I know it says we need sleep.. but the way I been sleepin Damn its gotta be bad for me
book 3 is amazing. Covers so many questions.
Thanks! RT " It's actually next week, 4/21, but thanks for the enthusiasm! #RSD12"
Been sitting in front if that screen many times myself
another test of twitter app
Mult choice section of unit test ... retakes Mon-Thurs before and after school this week.
“The young man knows the rules, the old man knows the exceptions.” - Oliver Wendell Holmes
Jammin' in the studio tonight with My Lost Remedy and
Can't wait for tonight! and ....need some definite girl/wine/Jersey Shore time! :)
I enjoy having a match-lit oven because I feel like I live in the Old West. I also don't inoculate myself from diseases!
That happened when I went to a concert there last year. The whole place got flooded :(
girl me too! He's so awkward lmao
Thanks Starhawk Team!
Laura Morris
Makes me sad that barcamp and startup weekend gov are the same weekend.
doesn't matter to the guy. lol
hahah man it sucks we were all scattered for the game yesterday. we all need to be in a place free of laker 'fans'
RT Trampoline with my lovee and mike (:
RT : Currently at GA at #occupyburque with about 45-50 people. Need more peaceful concerned citizens here asap.
Just got really great news. I hope I can go :D
do you have a brick and mortar location? If not, any plans for one? Many antiques dealers could learn from your photos
no more beer bongs coca bombs with me
The architecture/urban planning/urban design geek in me would love to live in Chicago some day.
Hey, I don't know if you all know this yet or not but the clickers still aren't working...
I was in New York! OMG! My vaca was very cool and I'm happy! I miss for my Los Angeles #love On LAX airport!
Driving music today...
Best way to not get referrals = don’t ask for them. Ask & you will receive if you have been valuable. SeanLetwat
lol! Yeah she broung cheese cake... That's my weakness.... LOL!
Buckle up :) RT : Just started reading "Sun Stand Still" and I'm already blown away and I'm only on pg 7. *straps on seat belt*
GREAT debrief! Was thinking of all #epictweetup rockstars Sat. 's b-day proved this group is a great time! :)
4 a.m. not too late either?
Haha. Funny! RT I front loaded my week with awesome.
We enjoy ALL opportunities (inc. over social media) to engage with Bruins re: how philanthropy strengthens UCLA
If u have a smartphone, download Goodreads app: great for when ur @ library/bookstore & trying to recall what u want to read
you tell them girl bloody hell, they have a huge chance to jump up to 4th with tot. Draw. I can't believe this play.
“: It used to be, "Can I have your number"? Now it's, "Do you have facebook?".” do you facebook?
absolutely! I was in a dress in Hollywood yesterday, enjoying the sun and got to Venice half hour later to FREEZING cold
I can smell the earth a little bit this morning, and the earth smells good. Looks like hell, but smells pretty good.
Yankees make History #twins v
yeah true. i'll see who ill be hanging round with now.
i have a huge lack of baseball and US history knowledge, i think that'd be my huge pitfall. and i hate poetry.
It is time.
#marchmadness if I wanted to watch a bunch of sweaty guys put their balls in holes I would watch a porn
It's open to everybody, members and newcomers, so register over there and spread the word!
Avoid damaging and eroding water stains. Great idea to wash & detail your car after the rain. Call for our rainy day specials (619) 928-4848
21 more days till i have my baby boy...
when do the final 2012 s&s lists get announced/published?
with the bestfriend. <3 river later.
Sometimes I just love nyc so much, I'm one of its children and it takes care of me when it can
Only 3 and a half days of school this week , I can do this .
Never look at your man's girl
FINALLY scored voodoo maple bacon doughnut at #andersonville wines. Can't wait to try!
live and let live!
Trying to explain what a vocal performance major does to a hairstylist is consistently one of the most difficult social interactions
your so welcome & same to you as well :D
New Arizona Tote Board Total = $104,953
definitely getting more Yes answers than I thought
my sister made baby pictures of the boys her cover photo on facebook... why am i related to her.... ew.
RT is proud to sponsor Manchester Mondays ! Every Monday you can hear a great mix of Britpop & indie rock!
If you asked me to guess what perfume the lady next to me is wearing, I think I'd have to say every one she owns.
S/O to You are my Bestfriend & wifey<3 We've had some good times Shaniqua(; iloveyou & Saturday will be out 2 Months #proud<3
I hear a rumor there is another Food Truck in another location on campus...10pts if you find it and let me know where it is!
Women say that it's nice when a dude knows how to take care of a woman. Dudes like when a woman know how to treat a man.
About to go to the Hard Rock Cafe.
Combo concert in Ford Hall starts at 8:30!
Tina wants to know- did you check for bedbugs?
Batteries fully recharged!!!! Thankyou God for another day..
RT "Life is not about finding yourself, it is about creating yourself." George Bernard Shaw
Making up with my lover (my man) takes everything I got inside of me
Great to hear and meet Rene Redzepi, David Chang and at NY library
Ok fine...But I do wanna go camping soon
sorry, misunderstood. Thought you had 11" MBAir
what did they do this time? :-(
Hello Ron! I just DM you via LinkedIn, I hope you can check it out. thx! :) Fly high my new friend!
can't be worse than mine!! :)
Guess the game started....
well you're the only one!
GM Twitter !
Protest... RT : Wow - is considering going dark to protest #SOPA and #PIPA - bit.ly/wSanr5
The CLE do the best! They were innovative with their #SocialSuite & continue to be front runners in social!
Jake is always listening to
Thank you!
Loves me today, hates me tomorrow, kisses me today, but wont touch me tomorrow! Calls me today, but wont answer my calls tomorrow!
UK making a statement to the rest of the nation!
Back! :D
How are rehearsals for Romeo and Juliet coming along?
so sad. They really shouldn't mess with stone cold classics like Frosty. ;)
A great teacher is not one who is perfect, but one who is willing to reflect, search for growth, and open to improve always.
depends on how hard they hit you.
Beach Boys kill it!!! Gotta love those vocals Go Brian
Nice maria!
I don't think anything that comes out of Mitt's mouth is shocking or astounding. Predictable is a better word.
hey is your fall line ready online yet?
My #bears bringing the ugly RT Meanwhile, Buff Nation is loud and proud here. And the Highlighters have arrived.
All being commanded by a giant catfish-looking thing. Come to think of it - Murdoch looks a bit like Emperor Palpatine, no?
Game day
Seeing on my Twitter feed that's it's your b-day so, I figured I'd join in and wish you a Happy Birthday too! Be blessed!
Will be talking about this more tomorrow on Talk of the Nation. Pls call -- would love your input!
I'm gon get money. Money I'm gon get.
in all actuality its envy. They wish they had what you have. That's what drives haters. Keep doing you my guy.
haha! Just one sangria!:):)
What do you think is the best part about being a mascot?
get Cameron to make it!
RT : RT : BREAKING: California pot smokers forget to vote, Prop 19 fails.
Mexican Grandmas cooking.>>>
Took my G-ma some place in east lib... I just keep seein these kids walk in with plastic helmets on
If I was ever 2 get a tattoo I was going 2 get Libra scales. Glad I didn't now, but I still don't care what they say, I'm a #Libra at heart!
big time photo shoot??
Bummer. RT : At this time a 5/7 launch is unlikely. We will issue a statement as soon as a new launch target is set.
Did you check this week's LZ Distractions?
I've have forgiven you , but I will not pity you.
I would look really cute the day it's raining. :/
Thank you sir. ": I will miss you and Safe travels."
Second Coney trip in less than 12 hours and third in less than 24... #addicted?
What's Going Carzy?
you're certainly a charmer. you should try for a job here in Philly ;)
#ShoutOut Hope everyone is enjoying their day to the fullest !
I can't believe its 7 days to !
Yeah, that game was officiated poorly, but how many other times have Celts gotten calls? Pierce getting touched & acting like he was shot?
do you offer seamless tape hair extensions? We offer free classes! and 10% off your order when you mention twitter!
Potential winter storm still on its way to southern WI come Monday and Monday night - 6"+ poss. Track crucial to snowfall amounts.
dig dig dig dig
"NBC Breaking News: Michigan Still Too Close To Call." Breaking news shouldn't have "still" in it, should it?
RT : My friend's son is on Good Day about to perform in an Apollo amateur night contest! VOTE FOR Jonathan Levant on gooddayny.com
I still love you to death. Even if I've talked to other guys it doesn't change a thing and how I feel about you <3
I don't know who created the myth that once you apply for a job you are automatically ENTITLED to a phone call/interview. Stop it now.
YES I HAVE QUESTIONES!!!!
Yes, and I can also blame Twitter for anyone who asks why I unfollowed them. Not that I ever happens (mostly)
follow back
Any STRANGE MUSIC fans? Who need Kutt Calhoun tix?
OH SHIT! Ume is opening that show for Helmet & The Toadies! SUPER AMPED!
Bitter Sweet Symphony is one of my favorite songs.. excellent #TheVoice perfect song for a perfect night.
Great tip! Try adding in a little exercise before a meal. Even just a 10-minute walk can help decrease your appetite.
whoa he IS awesome!!
me too! Cool or Creepy?
That awkward moment when you have more songs in your iPod, then friends on Facebook ._.
Thank You For All The Joy You Brought Into My Life <3
Worth a read: How Private Equity Firms Like Bain Capital Earn Profits (from The New Yorker):
Just watching tv
My wife says you look like I did when I was young. Hey you won't age bad!
Working on a new painting! Yeah!
Leaving Methodist Hospital....my mom was happy to see us.
Dexter = Holy Shit.
TimeWise® Replenishing Serum+C: Collagen-boosting facials at skin care spas can be budget busters. DIY w/4 weeks of treatment!
I want a guy like LOL, nah I want
LOL the web pages I build for my job are fairly boring! LOL but detail information for members....that NO ONE READS lol
Angelique, thanks for following me!
ohh hell yeah hell yeah
yes and miss you! Hope all is well. Where are you crossfitting?
Tonight, 11ish, 2690 Wight St., Detroit River(town).
According to an INS memo, “the date on which an immigrant visa number becomes available” is the first day of the month that a visa becomes
#savageU is my favorite show. thanks so much dan :D
u know we are :) haha
Oh my gosh! you better! I can do the same as well sexy lady!
CONTEST ALERT! is giving away 10 books from our Intro to Chinese Culture series *retweet their contest announcement to win!*
Project x
"Louis' high notes gave me chills!! No homo..." -Me & Brian talking about Moments <3 fucking love him.~
I'll come down tomorrow for more tips - only got as far as twitter tonight
Nice job on your #15 rank on Wine Spectator's Top 100 list! I might have to have a bottle...just to make sure they got it right.
looking good in that frog costume
O no .. #fakeTheGame RT Watching Let's Stay Together <U+263A> I like this show..its cool. <U+2611>
Definitely man!!! Got a lot in progress right now. LoL
at mcdonalds. i adore chicken sandwiches. :D
young. and you dont go to mill creek?
its just embarrassing when my parents walk in Their like who the f*** are u talkin 2 Lmfao as I turn bright red
I only say that cuz your status change all the time lol. I'm sure y'all ain't that bad
no dr Pepper today lol
Annual Auction this Friday!
sounds like fun (and few people can say that without any sarcasm)
RT: : I hope i dont get sick :/
I see that.
It's my favorite holiday of the year today. Mother !@#$ #OnDeck!
ewww so commercial! That is a bummer if Curly's closes in my humble opinion ;)
I had a horrible day today..wanna make it 100x better by tweeting or following me.?
I've honestly never heard 1D sing...But like everyones obsessed with them on my twitter..What happened to the mahomies? There all I followed
Earth Day and breakfast celebrated at and a nice walk home in the rain.
Confident by nature but humble by choice.
Happy Australia Day!!!!!!
i use it as a marker to check out later. Or, if I like an article or list it's like a bookmark.
usually good crowds and entertainment too. Big Congrats !
yay of Throne:P..I've never bothered to watch Madmen but it looks good for what it is.
In the studio with ! Tracking a song for their new record!
Thurs April 12 my artwork will be featured in a Holocaust Remembrance event. Palladium Theater, St Pete. Very grateful.
Now that's just mean!
it was weird dude..lol..
Put God first and you'll never be last.
king of limbs? my favorite!
Please tell me this illini alert is a mistake & there is no shooter on uiuc campus?! "Active shooter at BUILDING NAME/INTERSECTION."
dude has a recycling halo
It's not the absence of fear, it's the decisions we make when we show up to it that makes all the difference.
I am blaming access to birth control.
Happy New Year!!! 2012 is going to be an Amazing Year!
It was a total team effort :) Thanks for making it happen!
see u got skill mommy
back on-line after doing a post mortem on my mac and finding it still breathes
Does signing MSW make resigning Clayton less likely?
#QuoteDay 2. I've been ina rut back & forth enough heart like a wheel without you around so uncomfortable is how it feels -miley cyrus e
Seeking a #projectmanager for a #ICD10 conversion project located in Albuquerque, NM. Let me know if your interested!
will you follow me i love you :)
My #USATODAY #KindnessChallenge is to help teach NYC public school students chess and life skills.
looking at prom dresses, going prom dress shopping tomorrow!
Every Monday night open 9:pm kitchen open till 12:am
If u like music retweet
Uh Chris Perez, aka Kenny Powers, could NOT throw a strike. Why are you swinging 2-0?
Wow. I really really hope for your sake that that's a fake picture on your Twitter.
Its my way or no way when it comes to marriage
np. Let me know if you guys need anything or if u have any topic u want to touch on tonight.
those messages you never want to erase
"You have to walk an inch before you can walk a mile"
Yes for sure . I just retweeted examples of minimalist photography . Retweeting is like painting one big portrait of our world
Getting in the shower and scrubbing and scrubbing until I fucking sparkle.
shut up! I'm mad at you because you couldn't drop Jessica off.. and you were going out anyways. Suck it.
How long shall that soul be tossed upon the waves before it comes to the sea which knows no storm?
Tualatin mom accused of drowning her son and trying to drown her daughter. She's in court tomorrow. The daughter is improving. So sad.
We've temporarily disabled editing for the Musicians Business Dictionary for security purposes. We hope to reenable this again soon.
awww, if its leg cramps, you need potassium. Bananas are a good source. I hear pickle juice helps too.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! i hope you have the best day blair <333
Which experience did you find MOST eye-opening while you were shooting 30 Days?
What if walked into my latin class and ran away with me that would be grand
I'm a PR professional looking for a new job and am willing to relocate.
Oh, right, I guess I should say my thoughts on THE AVENGERS. It was big. Big, big, big
We can pour our PBR in a plastic cup and walk to the beach?!?
PCB tomorrow FINALLY!! I've been needing this.
HINES WARD WINS DWTS!!!! SO PROUD TO BE PART OF THE STEELER NATION. #black&yellow
a young buck with an old soul. How old are you then Mr!?
oh really, you left me T-Bob Herbert from Baylor....
Just shut up Macie...
THEY ALWAYS SEEM TO NOTICE!
That's not very Christian-like:)
RT Meet the New Boss, Same as the Old Boss | Wine Blog Awards being revamped?
Other revelation: Rochberg Sonata for my competitions/Junior Recitel is FUCKING HARD
Dude! You are working pro bono. No need to rush. Just keeping you in the know Many thanks my friend!
Tonight's my first official night of tutoring at ! Wish me luck! I'm really nervous! :-/
oh my... is the guest tonight... it is SURE to be a thought-provoking conversation. Replay MUST! :)
I know! I need to practice.
that's what candy and alcohol is for
do it! If you need a DeLorean there is one parked inside of wormhole on Milwaukee.
We're loving all the Hollywood excitement outside today! Come bowl a few games, you might see some A-list celebrities while you're at it!
What, no Bukowski? I can lend you some. :D Also, NERD. :P
It Wasnt All That
this is overrated
So Raven Symone just came out of the closet. WTF!
New post coming soon about a low-effort approach to digital estate planning. Should be helpful.
let's trade dogs. :0)
This Saturday Avalon Park!!!!! The Florida Flight Basket Ball Team will be there. Come out for fun, games, and good music!!!! Lets Go!!!!!
When I was younger I use to think Reno 911 was real like Cops I dont know why because the show is pure fuckery lol
want to get married? Haha
#waystoimpressme quote the lord of the rings.
If anyone wants to chat HMU!
I think we should start calling the Google glasses Google Goggles so when they say the name out loud they sound like a baby! Haha
so desperate for that kind of kick-ass motivation. How to find someone willing to scream and get in my face?
Hey all - Scott David from Criminal Minds will be at The Mentor Studio January 7th at 9:30 am. Reserve your space now!
It is well to be happy and wise and well to be honest and true; it is well to be off with the old love, before you are on with the new.
Feeling a bit anti-impressionist? Bill McGlaughlin delves into Les Six this week on #ExploringMusic. It starts tonight at 10 on WQED-FM
You two are super amazing.
Rest in peace my Usher!
Not ready for this Algebra EOC tomorrow. So frikken nervous.
Question of the Day: All the Lebron talk makes me wonder, what is the best and worst closing scenes in movie history?
It's not "Siddhartha," but staring into the Mississippi River 'round midnight is a sort of otherworldly experience.
35. #Mets 3 #Brewers 1 | Long trip to New York / Perhaps the travel begets / some sleepy offense.
A1: Instead of worrying that a company can easily replace you, implement the PVI model so you become irreplaceable.
That was the G rated version!
too many good ones to choose!!
Thank u Lynda! RSD is is a chronic progressive neurological condition that affects skin, muscles, joints, and bones. It can
i'm gonna be a d.j., man. and a lumberjack.
"A wicked person listens to deceitful lips; a liar pays attention to a destructive tongue."-Proverbs 17:4
thought i'd let you two know i'm already on chapter two! thank u :)
Come by and see us after the game tonight at oktoberfest
#DidYouKnow that B2B companies with an active blog get, on average, 67% more leads per month
Getting ready for the Shwazye Concert if u want TIX hit me up (602)882-0317 I am hooking it up for $15 instead of $20...
spicy tofu soup all in my brain.
A happy March 1st #packernation! Spring can't come soon enough.
The difference is that Japanese wear fake English on shirts but don't tattoo it on the back of their necks.
scream is fantastic!!
Follow me on Facebook: www.facebook.com/stephensamuelsantoro
i'm on my way to VA for tomorrow night
Just sent a SEVENTH request email. It's kind of hard to do your job when you have to rely on other people.
downloading hella of music ... and now about to start downloading movies
clearly...it walked (spooky music)
when is surgery?
congrats on your new gig!
Hm... I just lost 1/2 hour of precious sleep waiting for the #Broncos 1st round pick... Good night now!
Red pumps success!
Sat down and had a great dessert with Karen at Petals today. :) Always a great time.
I'm listening to life jennings talk about his prison stories (on my left) and looking at Mr. Rogers (to my 11 o'clock) lol
...the challenges of the medium in a very straightforward manner. Even if you skim the article, don't miss out on the concluding paragraph.
"nobody is talking to you, jeans from 80's"
It is a glorious thing to have 1,111 tweets, but one must move on.
Sick of bullshit and being taken advantage at jobs. Things will change soon.
I'll look at office tomorrow and see if I have anything relating to attentional benefits.Have u tried therapeutic listening?
Hi Bill, got your DM, the URL sent is no longer available. Did you send it? Thx!
About to head to the coastal city of Valparaíso with and to celebrate Fiestas Patrias!!
is calling his fans tonight. Hey Now! I raise a glass to the best comedy show of all time.
Now that the viewing pavilion has be restored, the tomb has a more haunting atmosphere. You understand that's a place for remembrance.
love you too beck!
D: I hate mondays with a passion !
Silly me, silly me...
Why yes, thank you, I'd like to approve the requests. So why won't you let me, dear Friendfeed!?!
Here we go again
Please #SAVETHESINGOFF! It is the greatest Vocal Music show on television. It entertains and inspires Millions! RT TO SUPPORT!
I expected the Bulls to fight tough but to be up by 12 in late 2nd? Well hot damn!
damn lol you live in Orlando ?! And twitter is worldwide tf jaha
Sad to see young lives lost to high-speed thrills. The latest on the terrible crash on the 52 that left two teens dead. News8
Enjoying the view.... Lol!
Good lord Thiago Splitter just air balled 2 free throws.
i c. going in
I wish I had popcorn so I could have a movie night with myself.
Glad the weekend is here! The plan is to shop for Christmas, watch football, and play poker online.
How do you get people to run through a brick wall for you?<---That's easy...put bacon on the other side
So this dude eddie shaffer, looks fucking #awesome rite now.
YAY good luck!! =)
2 auditions this week so far! It feels good to be back.
being broke gives me more hunger .
7 miles on a 7:50 pace to start my day. Wednesday, bring it on!
There are few things in life as satisfying as putting on a new, stronger pair of glasses and seeing the world just a little more clearly
Heard you're learning about sports! Me too!
it was good
heck yea girl! Early bed time for the kiddo! Lol
It's national Cheese Ball Day. Celebrate with orange-dusted fingers
thank you :D
Since it's pretty impossible to deny, I thought I'd just lay it out there. We writers are a bit of a crazy bunch!
For a professional, Dr. Oz sure uses the phrase "down there" while winking far too often.....
waitin for my family tonight
RT : Come and see what our God has done, what awesome miracles he performs for people! Psalm 66:5
HUD: stands for Department of Housing and Urban Development? a. True b. False
Thanks for your help
Sounds like somebody needs a hug (or not).
Your welcome. Don't you miss living in East County?
Ready for football season? "Feel The Vibration....Come On Come On......Feel It, Feel It" Haha what a funny but catchy song.
Anyone else in #Vegas getting multiple calls from Brent Jones? Anyone have HIS number? I'd like to call him back at 3AM...
Jgip_12 nah idts. His dad came back home early. If we could find somewhere else yeah
you're catching on to this tweeter thing! Somebody dropped J-Roll in one of my leagues... Should I pick him up?
I wanted everything to stay the same, but feelings fade & people change.
June not July lol
Are you going to Starkville this weekend?
everyone knows you can't listen to christmas music before thanksgiving.
To me, he's the Al Bundy of horror... forever coasting through a terrible career on his four touchdowns in a single game.
I just weaned my youngest. I had to rock him or offer cow milk. Now he sleeps through night that I've weaned
Bored !!! don't know eat to do
Panther dash tonight, much needed time with my friendss :))) then three stooges movie with the fam!
I don't know wht I'm gunna do tonight hmm thinkin movie night n popcorn on my couch with myself
Headed back to the Chi!
But that it was a great beginning to get people to know what does and the Goddess Life are all about!
#IHateHow niggas/women who's parents do everything for them talk about how hard shit is out here.
Question: Should I try the reverse manicure? I just saw it (as I was looking at the peacock) and I really LIKE it!! Your opinion?
you the man T- brew city loves ya!
Do you want new clients to your business or you are looking to grow an existing business?
Double that! YES!
MY AVI IS WHAT'S POPPIN FOR MAMAS DAY! KLUSOZ SHOWCASE SUNDAY R & B EDITION! MIKE GREEN, STACY NEVAEH, B SHARPE, MARCUS CALLOWAY, NIC DANTE
what $ for autograph my 10 year old is big fan hope see ya in Corbin
oh ok. Who killed there wife n baby
Recording my first ISDN interview. O Boy! We live and learn.
not till you recommended it; very cool
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':3
I wish you would pay attention to my tweets < l 3
I find great irony in corporate pre-roll ads on all the May Day Occupy Seattle protest videos.
nope guess again.
Lets go birds.
be careful who you call your friends. I'd rather have 4 quarters than 100 pennies
I feel so annoyed about my friends...Stupid obsessions!
And I'm just being polite...rather than crude and disrespectful. xo
About to shower with high music & I ain't giving no fuck !.
so glad to be part of the honor scroll!
Thing I don't care about anymore:
Omg I am so happy :) I finished my poetry project! Ahh :) and this weekend is going to be soo much fun! #accomplished!
Ten followers! Bam! Congrats
Girl falls for boy, boy keeps her around, girl dumps boy and then boy is left <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>, wanting her back. #StoryOfMyLife When will it change?
thanks. Im watching tv too. #distractions. I had like a 5hr nap so I'm wide awake now
Johnny fucking Evans?“: Finally, finally - our most improved player of the season has his first goal for us”
Hi Doug and Laura! Hope you are doing well :) This is my latest blog :) Send your press releases my way :)
I'm telling you, Pacers love to shoot themselves in the foot.
Locker room chats with mrs Blankenship > >>> #missher :(
You got a twitter?!
My mother is the same way.
Sad I'll be missing at tonight. But if you're going, stop by afterwards for some great local music!
- go for it! We might see your barnful on American Pickers in a few year's time.
I'm kind of excited to have a last sit down with everyone! Aleays expect the unexpected! #JOJ Reunion
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.-- Kahlil Gibran
I would love to do that!!! Just let me know what I need to do!! ;-)
Well I can't have that.
Reading Fannon's #wretchedoftheearth... why is this not required reading for everyone?
*clinks glass*
Rolling power outages. Just great.
I pretty much always would trust Johnson over Garcon, especially in PPR, and the redskin secondary is beatable
not quite what I was expecting to see a pic of, but I love that shirt! I think I need to find one for myself.
Grocery shopping with my monkey later. Snacks for our weekend<3 (^.^)
hey just checkin on ya. Hope everythings good. :)
Catch jack hanna and his animal troupe on 10TV this morning - also -let us know...would you like to see more red light cameras in C-bus?
Thanks, Carl! Emailed you the 2 images.
With iPads for both? I like it. Count me in if you need library support.
When Drag and Modern Dance Collide - New Yorker (blog)
6 circles will always perfectly surround, with their edges touching, another circle of that same size. Try this with 7 coins
If a parade is boring, run in the opposite direction. You will fast-foward the parade.
Fans have been awaiting your returns for weeks. This is gonna be the and show this weekend w/ 150+ yds and 2+ TD's!
3 or 4 beers will change that.
"You don’t love someone for their looks, their clothes, or their fancy car. You love them because they make you happy"
Earl, Dave, Smitty just linkedup with Sebastion Junger and crew from "Restrepo." Going to to knock back a few //
not sure if its official, but its been said it was his cancer.
lol so much animosity....calm down haha
We love it too! :) RT I love it!! RT : Jugo de Tampico , the red one >>
#DamnDMX got too many kids and a bottle of Hennessy, shouldn't have
thank youu! I'll need it!
lol I feel ya. RT : I need a concert, pronto. I'm ready to die.
Anybody who thinks the hymns have no place in our worship today is mistaken. "Be Thou My Vision" grabbed me tonight. Powerful powerful song
Indy tomorrow. Who else is going to be there?
Channing Tatum is sitting at the table next to us. Lance might have a heart attack.
Get my ass up
At sipping Boom Boom Chai and chatting, recalling that "Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea."
Thanks for the Thrive RT!!!!
23 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
RT : RT : I hate it when people DM me, but don't follow me, and thus I can't respond.
I walked 2 miles in the barrio... One house blasting mariachi, truck backing up with llorando so fue--the weird beep beep one, the taco guys
aww ok...so is that where u live
Check out www.myfamilyroundtable.com to hear the latest program, stay tuned this weekend when we interview Scott Hamilton.
"An Oversimplification of Her Beauty" - Wonderful film!! We are TRULY inspired
I've always considered myself more of an arbiter of smell.
we good lalacece
We swim cuz is like 80 degrees or somethingg
that was a tough loss....to many early turnovers....
You were fake, I was great. Nothing personal.
Meet Emily from and the crew from at Hedo Days Swing party. Message for details. Pig Roast, Live Band, photo booth!!
follow me please im italian:)
We'd love to do a reality show on !
dont know if u caught the bulls game but #BIGdisappointment for me!!
and - great meeting you guys and sharing dinner at Gluecon. Need gamification?
I'm getting a new office chair today for my home office! Can't wait to go shopping for it tonight!
good!!! You should and yes so busy love summer!!!!
how do we change our hours on the Downtown Pgh Partnership site?
whatever you do... make sure you get pickles with it!!!
Gayle's Miracles were on the Today Show this morning... thanks Lisa Lillian of Hungry Girl and the Cooking Channel!
Tired, but gotta keep on moving!!
Watching Final Four on TV and DC United on internet. Hope DC United has a better result than last week.
It seems like for your 1000th tweet, you should get some sort of badge or something. Or maybe an extra 10 characters.
Life and lying azz friends ....keep it moving please!
dnt start stuuf and expect the person u stated it not to finish it thts crazy for sayin stuuf ur gonna get stuff in return
Game 1: Dallas Mavericks or Portland Trail Blazers?
"Cause the boys n da hood are always hard.. come talking that trash will pull ya card."
(Confucius) The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions.
Right Bring 1D to Omaha Nebraska
Huge!!!!! Mega break
If you want to reach to a #Latam market and don't know how to, just think of creating a great video on #youtube or a banner on a #news site…
uh no YOUR mesh top is "aggressive."
congrats on your high school team #hamiltonhuskies going for a fourth straight state championship and 54 game streak!
your welcome :)
F-18 crashed into homes -- Virginia Beach. We got in on air in the last 4 minutes of show.
Holy Hell, we are slowing down. Don't give up! HUSTLERS LOVE ATL <3
Dinner with our C-suite tonight.
Watch Passion of the Christ.
that was bullying at its worst! If you don't give that sap the additional $200k you deserve nightmares. Ugly
Don't forget to remind your clients (and yourself), all California homes need to have a carbon monoxide detector as of July 1st.
you may have a point there
ANGEL 8.0 is generally available! www.blackboard.com/angel
Pretty Stoked!! Radio interview in 45 minutes!!! Heck yea!! You read right!
I recently read that love is entirely a matter of chemistry. That must be why my wife treats me like toxic waste. ~ David Bissonnett
oh my goodness...your pic is EPIC!!! Good to see u on here bud ;)
ambition drops on my bday live
Congrats! RT : When I see my Mother again, I will tell her that I was elected Vice President of the STC. And she will be proud.
[8] ... & Pat Condell has produced hours of brilliant video to this end, but no one really thinks such defenses will be up to the challenge.
I want to take my baby to magic mountain...
Being hungover at work always seems like such a fine idea the night before
if he doesn't get through ill just cry
FOLLOW ME I NEED ATTENTION
l like school. But the learning part? Yeah, that's gotta go.
Welcome to twitter.
I think some of the people here in Golden Gate Park may be on the dope.
Lunch at Bar Bar, fed and ready for more information!
I'm sorry, but a lower price is not available.
i dont love her
Nice meeting you ,
An event 3 months in the making is finally upon us! See everyone tonight for the / crab feast/draft party!
The fans that are staying are making up for the hordes leaving.
Congrats on I ONLY HAVE EYES FOR YOU!
I can't wait until the Meet & Greet pictures go up on Austin's Facebook tomorrow!!!(:
aye ppl be goin in on twitter lmao #2 funny
M that's a delicious combo. A spicy kick to the tongue! Thanks for stopping by.
Thank you sir! Can I please see your face soon? How is my baby Bruiser?
I agree! I guess us West Coasters will have to wait. I am waiting for CA dates. Seattle too since I will be up there in July.
So many concerts so little time www.christianmusic.com/brumder.htm Great job getting all the bookings
Guys I seriously have about three friends at school that I'm comfortable talking to. Seriously.
tomorow is a freaking HOLIDAY! so why do i have to go to school?
Happy Daylight Savings Time! If you are heading to Balboa Park the Timken Museum of Art has free admission.
hmm 4 page paper due Thursday. I should probably start that
lmao ok cool :)
i haven't slept in two days because of making music im hallucinating its fine though this is what we do
Quotes from clients along the way - "You both are so gifted for the fitness industry and there needs to be more instructors like you"
It's humorous, don't hold back. Just another day for me haha
#GreekChat Q1: We must develop private, shared learning platforms to promote open communication & create harmony in the community
Just signed up for 2 classes, good stuff coming up.
It's crazy that just putting one song in a car commercial can make a band so big
thanks sis, it was a marvellously happy day :) and it continues...
Flurries in Alabama - not entirely unexpected, but still...
that sounds interesting :) I"ll look forward to it. Tux!
we see you in 2 weeks from today!!!!!
You are beautiful, we all are beautiful in our own way!!!
Grease my scalp so I know it's real !!!
Terribly sorry to hear of your loss.
I need a hug. A beer will have to do.
rub rub rub
Nothing better than hanging with Female Super-Fans! Count me in. Any big time games that weekend? Survival Sunday?
There Will Be Blood in my pants
- I think we both have the coolest jobs!
Good! And you?
#teamescaladetx is pumped about the INCREDIBLE charities participating! Vote & change a life, Share the word, & act to make a difference!
Locked myself out of my work email on Friday evening. Now my morning routine is destroyed.
Yes baby
Shout out to my EX...thank you for letting me see...how you didn't deserve me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Yeah, but going back to Cleveland might be appealing? I dunno.
Nothing JUST happens!!!
thanks for the follow!! you are amazing
Face B?
Happy one day early anniversary to your completely-custom, uniquely-Albuquerque, open-air trolley!
STIX the CAT sez, "boo-hoo!! - sniff-sniff!!" - the GSA - check it out!
More PC, dude.
My day is smooth becauss I actually did some homework last night
Bonsallpalooza 2012, Pala Casino, May 5th - Benefit Concert to Fund Music & Art programs at Bonsall School District
Totally wanting to make some more vanilla bean cupcakes. So moist n fluffy!
No problem! Thanks.
Who else would enjoy this?! "Join at Disney World for our biggest conference of the year, Mashable Connect! #mashcon"
I just got stale bread from in Miramar. Isn't that ironic for a restaurant chain whose slogan is
After CP3, our series MVPs are Reggie Evans and Eric Bledsoe. I'll just leave that in your brain for a second...
FARO's #3DConference kicks off with intro by CEO Jay Freeland. Heavy on desire to be 'distruptive' in the 3D space, the Focus3D is proof.
"Don't believe the hype. If you're reading it on TechCrunch, it's too late." at
watching! Thanks!!!
Have a wonderful Tuesday!!!
nahh on my computer
ATTN: unsigned dancers,djs,singers join our #Team send us an email if you're TALENTED b/c "WE GOT work!"
I can tell from that bieber tweet tonight lol
Happy High Fest to all!
where the hoes bros?
Are there 25 more followers out there that find providing informative tweets for "healthy gut, healthy life"?
Playback being added to the #RED #EPIC in November? I sure hope so!
yay!! great movie! RT : Chronicle 2 is happening. Can't wait
Ford to build $760 million plant in China Ford, in a bid to catch up with GM and VW in the world's largest auto market, said it will buil
What, like we aren't going to realize that Berggren was at the scorer's table trying to check in?
I want Sims 3 so bad now "owo
being all rude n' shit , stupid . & my phone usually say I gotta tweet or someone retweeted me , my keyboard fuckin up to
day day bout to get followed moo
looking for #Austin band to start vitriolic and public feud/rivalry. could use publicity.
At Dick's Den listening to some pretty smooth tunes.
I haven't played Wii in soo long. I'm excited :D
RT : May God continue to protect our troops, keeping them safe and bring them home to a grateful nation.
***SPECIAL*** Get 1000 Targeted Twitter Followers for only $49.
19 kid's & counting? WTF u need to STOP counting!
Happy birthday I hope you get everything you wished for and more. I'll pray that you do :) <3
After 2 lessons and 4 hrs of practice, my arm feels ready to fall off, and it's only 1pm. Hm, what's left to work on...?
she's totally mine, too.
Nike gear too RT : Oregon's run to the BCS champ. game caused revenue to go from $59 million to $122.4 million in a year
No worries. Australia, thats sweet! Help us spread the word N hopefully we can get R asses out there for show sometime LOL
I wish You Would Hit UP Kansas City . Missouri ! Thats Where Its Hype all day . You really need to come to KC though (:
Kevin Correia is a trashcan version of Paul Martin
11 more minutes! :)
Ghostface:Welcome home Sidney. Preview of coming events. Sidney: why don't you come for me you got the balls for that???
My Big Time Superheroes will forever be , , , and I LOVE YOU GUYS! BEST BAND EVER!!
ready to tweet tweet in 3rd, with
Women and non-rock guitarists are well represented in a way that I really appreciate. But Tom Morello is
Incredible kitchens (indoor & outdoor)!
Thank you for your son!
Make sure you follow and you will see how deep the rabbit-hole goes.
Lost Kingdom: Hawaii's Last Queen...
They must of been fairly bad if you have to get rid of then.
Congrats to Bill Carmen of Hollister. Proud owner of a new 2010 Harley-davidson Street Bob. :) Vvvvrrrooooooom!
You are probably right. Tho leaving out "Is he black/white?" question before "He looks black" statement is particularly wicked.
Just got back from the gym.. Looked at color wheel did a great job A in my book..
aww shitty :( well next time for sure. Glad u liked it
Thanks to for always bringing it on the floor!
Congrats to #ChristopherPlummer who strikes a huge blow for LgbtQ people with his incredible performance!
If you're not moving forward you're being left behind.
me too
Playing at Tipitina's tonight!!! We have burlesque dancers and Easy Company opens, 10pm!!!
THE WEEKEND IS HERE TIME FOR THE SPELLCAST TOP 10 CUTS OF THE MONTH!
Some people act like it's there first day.on earth every day.....
#Heat drop 3 in a row. Looking forward to the games tomorrow and the
"The Wolf" was Frank Norris' uncompleted final work, following wheat grown in "The Octopus" and sold in "The Pit" to a European village
Thanks for #FF, here's to a fab weekend!
Good morning sunshine!!!
Were in the FINALS! _102.1 The X Presents The Studio B Concert Series Finals @ Capital Ale House 12/22/11.. BE THERE!! #RVA #RuAgYpSy?!
#HappyMothersDay to all the wonderful moms out there...
Remember! This Friday is our DRESS DOWN DAY! $3 gets you out of uniform! Please follow the guidelines listed in your handbook.
When they said that Believe tickets were going to be out in May they should have also mention that it was going to be May 2095
Travis Porter feat Tyga - "Ayy Ladies" >>>
On my way to the Pepsi Center.
Ok, finally out of my pj's. Morning of blissful nothingness over. Let productivity commence!
that sounds delicious!
Website coming soon
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who buys like 248462734 cookies at lunch every day and still manages to be skinny..
amen re Spinelli. And no more Jackal PI film noire sequences either. Does this mean you did not buy his book?
At the omni. The W was sold out when we tried to book rooms.
APAC ASSEMBLY WEEKEND 2011 IS ONLY DAYS AWAY!!! TELL YO GIRLS! TELL YO GUYS! TELL YO MITTENS AND KITTENS!
Outside is a beautiful thing. w/ and
Cool. Fun.
I hope had a Great
<U+2752>Taken <U+2752>Single <U+2714> and i hope not to be for long
followed...Follow back
Very true , we realize the stakes & takes its role very seriously
keep thinkin that
Blonde...ing.
As of today the #Mets are the #2 #WildCard :)
Why be #RichForever when I can be #RichForeva ?? Fa #Eva #Eva ?? Fa #Eva #Eva !! - #MFBP ””
thank you!
i am going to do social studies homework. #hard wish me luck for a i have a bunch!
literally wanna be at school so bad, but id prob get everyone sick so its good im not!!
Thanks to you, you're very kind! (And congrats again on getting a reply to your question for tonight! :)
Why Digital Publishing Now? International Investments, timing, unmet usage, internet usage, online is essential. + More sales!!
Did,One
It's good to be back on Twitter. 8 days without being able to use Twitter is to much
people in glass houses shouldnt throw stones. They should throw stripper parties
sounds amazing
Volunteered to work at the old job at 6a. Did not think this through ahead of time.
LOVE! RT : RT : He who must engage in a constant series of vacations may have missed his vocation. :-)
Anyone else headed to 's mixer tonight (besides & )?
Lmao that's crazy
Bill's the star!
Hash hangover
Signed up for Helium and AC but never posted there yet, I hear mixed things.
": told you bout doing the robot and the Freddie Kruger at church. Lol." Felt obligated in Black History month. Lol
if its for stuff you have to do then it's okay. I'll let him know.
yeah but then you'd have nothing to wash your underwear in
I just played Frankenstein by Edgar Winter on a TouchTunes digital jukebox.
Serious ? Warm up Hoffman?
So since your grasp of Nowinski is so superior, where pray tell in his work does he conclude that concussions = suicide... ?
I can dream that it becomes permanent return, right? ;D
Appreciate that ! Hope everything's going well in prep for your Soul*Full Summit!
Follow back please :) I saw u perform in Albany at the better with you tour. You were amazing :)b
Remember when FOX showed archive footage with palm trees in the background and claimed it was in Wisconsin? #oloimega ==
need sleep
Looking forward to reading the ARC of Nancy Clancy--Fancy Nancy for our growing readers. The kids will love this!
It's hot and i'm wearing cargo pants and a black long sleeve.
Staying in Rochester, but moving in with the bf who lives in the Winton neighborhood.
Square Pusher is playing the Wonder Ballroom. Fear the figure, get lost in the loop.
You are correct, but so is bad business advice. Learning to follow your gut is the key skill for entrepreneurs to develop.
updating and reading twitter through xbox? nice!
we hope you make your flight! The school number in Santiago is 3034955963 or 22334356 once you're in Chile
over here NBC sports network over here
Sorry, I've been a bit out of the loop lately, despite not having as good a reason as working your hours.
Does Coach Knight really have a twitter?
received an email from letting me know that my donations will help fund projects in ethiopia and malawi!
KU Relay Party Tomorrow Afternoon My Apt
Oh really? That's how you feel?
Kobe the best player 30+ but D.Wade is the best in the league.
snappin' necks, cashin' checks. you know, the usual. you good?
this is the best twitter account.
Good point that it's limited by industry. Odious practice. You'd think talent acquisition folks would have more imp. things to do.
thats what best friends are for :)
i must be excited, i woke up this morning, hearing that song Carol King was famous for "Anticipation" .... 6 days till Christmas Yikkes!!
Rejection keeps me working. harder.
hahah and to think I was going to marry him. No thanks dude
haha your butt
hi, i would be really happy if you like saw this and followed me. <3 :)
Need to get my spanish up
saw the family dollar marvel figures at a dollar general last night.
Just ate a late dinner of green beans and white rice. Off to bed now. Peace I'm put of here!
is that the tear face? Is it the girls?
JB aka is coming?! That is cause for celebration! It's Micah's b-day on Friday though...maybe Saturday?
Care about the Constitution? I published a constitutional law journal article on Congress’ role to protect religious liberty.
Some people be worried about the wrong thing; be having their priorities mixed up!!! Smh Time waits for no one!!!
#imadeleter for sure
Somehow I've ended up writing a mystery. I don't write mysteries. How did this happen?
were not following each other
Trouble sleeping at night? Begin tying up loose ends in your mind. Having an estate plan set in place can help create more peace and order
oh god, imaaa get a ton of shit for what I just did, ohgeeeze
THANK GOD ERROR NUNEZ GOT SENT DOWN TO A!! Hopefully this will get his head out of his ass & comes back better
Feeling bored
I think you have been that guys the definition of "goon to a goblin"
New CD "Shells... and the Day I Found Them" Now Up on iTunes. Free Downloads on Facebook! Remember to "Like" us on Facebook and iTunes. <3
SARCASM Cus beating the shit out of people is illegal.
Did you miss your chance to audition for American Idol? We may just have an alternative for you this fall...more info soon :)
Finally caught up on #TheVoice. I enjoyed Kim, Mathai, Tony Vincent, Pip, Juliet, and Jamar.
Loved seeing Get Low last night especially with Robert Duvall there doing a Q&A afterward. A great film and an amazing actor!
absolutely!! thank who was the producer that chose that story!! :)
Send me sum beats cuzo??? i need sum heat for dc terrorizer GOON MOLLY
Gotta talk to you homegirl. You gotta get your boy a job
Every time. I listen 2 I remember hip hop. This Mofo real
lol I was going to!!
i would like to introduce you to Ruff n Smooth the swagger boys check youtube.com Ruff n Smooth-swagger.
Thank you to , and the sponsors for lunch. Also, thank you to for putting up with me.
Marion just got t'd thanks to the TIM DUNCAN rule
Klesla just put a monster hit on the boards.
It starts with the parents.
It's been a long few weeks for the twentysomething Indy team. Sorry we've been absent lately!
The low in New Orleans next week will be hotter than the high has been here this "summer" This should be "fun"
lmao , love my nigga for we haven't been around eachother for a whole day since last summer (n) I missed you kidd
Thanks for sharing!!! Hope you have a great day!
enjoyed your piece(s) on crowdfunding! very informative+insightful. btw: do u have an ETA on styl.caps availability?
you're so cool because you "dgaf" and you're a bitch to everyone mhm
Galleries are selling across the continent. Are you buying? Support your favorite artist today.
Dream date with Bucky? I'd challenge him to some sort of fun olympiad: footrace, handstand contest, dance-off, sumo wrestlin, etc
Time for session number 3. All about social signon
What better way to increase health care costs & Fatal accidents then a "No Helmet" law. typical GOP
Kinda wish I would of went to tonights game but last nights game was pretty fun..
Agreed. Totally. RT she's amazing. I loved loved loved Tiny Furniture ( )
It's 7PM on a Sunday. By which I mean I'm watching Planet Earth and drinking tea.
Being called ugly, by someone ugly >>>> LMFAO. Bitch, get real.
Well goodnight y'all.
If you haven't yet seen the new Best of Step by Step Wire Jewelry, check it out! On newsstands now! It's full of BEAUTIFUL projects.
whatever makes you feel bigger...
What night are you trying to come out? We are doing a big party this Sunday for Presidents day at Dirty Bar!
with adobe CS, I use Photoshop, acrobat pro, in design or illustrator almost everyday. And that's only half the package.
Hey, you watching?
would that be the case for most Americans. Upstanding public image but dirty laundry in the closet.
the industrialization of the wine business in many of the big growing regions, where fruit, and wood, and crush become commodities . . .
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly I think yo daddy pulled out too soon when he made you
Being nauseous and light headed all day thanks to the smell of my co-workers lotion is worse than pregnancy MS sickness.
“: I haven't showered in 2 days... maybe I should take one today... nah : )” <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><U+270A>
RT : Communicate like a human, people.
The answer is -11. Why does everyone keep posting that equation today?
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089>
God, I love you! You tell em!
#Iwannameet my Favourite boy <U+2665><U+2665> He'd love me , I swear ;) !! <U+2665> :D
Yo ass could of tweeted me
We focus too much on differences in our culture instead of highlighting what we have in common as human beings.
sentimental tweet? uncalled for we still have a couple more weeks
What's an adult book? I haven't picked up one of those in years!
Yes i am finally on twitter! also congrats to for making it on espn page 2! So whats Your Next Goal? Espn 8: The Ocho?
Lafayette bound.
#thatmomentwhen you know you're going to sigh, but you do it anyway
": Ohhmygoodnesss comes in two days #exited :)" CANNOT WAIT TO SEE MY GIRL :)
Thank you for the RT and also for looking absolutely FAB in our dress! We'd definitely love another round :)
PLEASE FOLLOW ME(:
Just had to get out of the car and stand for the star spangled banner at the movies. #totowe'renotinCanadaanymore
This weekend is about to be epic
DO EET. Awesome read. Astounding story.
RT One day, one thought, one feeling and one purpose and if action is taken you will change the world!!
had some weird dream about you !!!
thank you(: yep you will
Please stop all that whining. U r starting to sound like a lil bitch!
I MISS YOU!
No, just loving mom :)
i have to go to my dr appointment holla at you later and i will send you the youtube link for precise music video "it's on me"
Sorry cam newton along with ur ego you are NOT sexy at any age
nice! I'm sure you'll be hot
Waking up to see that everything is okay. The first time in my life and it's so great.
So ready for tomorrow.
interesting. Tx!
Wondering why #MFGlobal not compared with #Bear. Two canaries in a gold mine. Volatility around Greece shaking weak players; will kill later
My daughter's dad made me a mix 100 years ago... I love how it has Paul Simon's "50 Ways to Leave Your Lover" on it :)
ohh and that good
Ima be your one guy; you'll be my number one girl, always making time for you... Girl I love, girl I love you.
Screw it I'm going on the roof!
Katie, is it for professional athletes only? Are you in it? Hope all is well with you.
Our website is down right now due to spammers...be up and running soon.
gotta love "vintaging"
#30WaysToMakeAGirlSmile send her flowers
First student has arrived. Just 23 more. I've had several calls of delayed flights so it might turn into a longer day than planned.
Shawn of the dead is one of my fav zombie movies
you bein serious?
Who needs friends with all the haters i have? Keeps me motivated ;)
RT : If u support Gay Marriage you have no MORALS WHAT SO EVER..... <<<<that's kinda harsh
I'm Happy , Positive , && Blessed Is Because Of God ! && That Fact I Never Stress OR Worry About Things I Have NO CONTROL OVER
#NABShow Takeaway (3/3) I am astounded by the ingenuity of my peers, NAB can be humbling. I need an iPad. There is more but I am hungry.
seriously made me LOL
RAW Dream Team member Nick Delpopolo will be fighting for his spot on the US Olympic Team this Sat! RT to show your support!!
The new Auto Insurance guy looks like a drifter who would have hacked to pieces in the trunk of his car.
Woke up hungry.
hahaha it was so awesome..
It used to be two but word processors now leave enough room that you only need one. I just found that out a few months ago.
They skipped etta james in the video?!
Thank you as well. My flight on #KLM was great. :) Not so much on other airlines last week.
exactly what I do!! But I still failed 2 classes and got fired because I can't wake up lol
I hate overtime so much...
what is a CL sale?!
I miss the Meatball Shop so much
Liverpool make it 2-1 Manchester City, courtesy of a ridiculous penalty decision .
It's Friday night! Bet you've got pub crawling on your mind ;)
The more experience we get the more we want what we pushing for!
Fck it we out!!
Just arrived in St. Louis....60's and sunshine! Going to bra nice long weekend with family!
We just released 4 new Rulesets on the platform to better help our customers become masters of social content curation!
: much to love in #Porgy! I value Sondheim's impassioned support of the great masterwork of American music theatre.
it's not my intention to become rich in this world but to inspire, influence, create an eternal imprint on lost souls thru fine art & media
some of the best writers out there have gotten a push here an there. It only helps them grow!
freeze your mind and your ass will follow.
Thank you! One day, when I'm traveling back and forth between the coasts, working like mad...I WILL!
Are. You. Kidding. Me.
Who is going to be here for Memorial Day Weekend?
Have a Fabulous Friday! Thanks for the mention!
Just checked the Roku and it
If twitter isn't a drug then someone please explain to me why I sneak into the bathroom at work to use it
What do you call a man who cleans out toilets ?Lou !
no problem. gotta support local beer!
You flirting w everybody... i peeped <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Overdosing on vitamin C.
Anyone wanna help out a race car team? Looking for sponsor partners for Rally America: Oregon Trail Rally,
RIP Elizabeth Taylor
Stop that. RT Almost Monday, just gotta get through this weekend and we can get back to work!
Those times when ur sister singing and u wanna yell stfu u suck lln
Now that I'm over you, you decide to like me again? Sorry babe, but it doesn't work that way.
not in my household it's not.
what's the best gift you've gotten?
Little Dragon station just 'gets me' this morning
Twitter is all the rage on the internet, but it's not just a cool toy
I didn't want him to die, I think he would have been a great FRIEND, friend not lover, I think it was crucial for him to die.
Last 2 of 5 photography jobs were from Silicon Valley siliconvalley
chicks that hate other chicks cuz they hoes... well I never ! if he like a hoe I clearly don't wanna fk wit him #eazy !
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works. - Steve Jobs
So how many Kardashian sex tapes is this now?
A hearty congratulations to Steve "Saz" Sazama for being named Southern Wisconsin Restaurant Association's Restauranteur of the year!
Lets hope the news out of San Diego isnt true. Too many shootings. Another NFLer dies by gun???
We will be raffling off three PSU slyder football game day additions during blue and white weekend. Stop by & sign up
Coming out to to get an autograph from #Penguin, ? Stop by C&B after and check out our new outdoor furniture!
RT : RT : you know how good the record is going to be when their press release is even awesome
In that strange part of the day where there's only just enough time left to waste.
Lucky :D what happened??
: That's what I've been waiting for.
Gassing up Barbara's Honda budgie at the UDF.
I've had a few of your varieties and I'm amazed how distinct each type of coffee bean is. It's like wine tasting! Delish
Ann Arbor I am in you!!
Grape soda is so difficult to come by in Scotland. And it costs $1.50 a can. Definitely worth it though.
join me + get a $10 credit. connect to inspiring people, #vegans, andrew zimmern, etc #bizarrefoods click here:...
Good to see you, Barry Sanders.
Love this! If you know anyone looking to be inspired into book publishing, we're looking for an intern. (But no naps allowed.)
1000 ways to die
Believes needs to help us start a group called the Backbeard Boys!
thank you for following us .
I do it in my head first.
RT Use, do not abuse; nether abstinence nor excess ever renders man happy.
I hate that!
Tnks! Can't wait 2 ck out . Sounds amazing! Love 2 cycle!!
We are giving away 10 rings but the contest doesn't end til Oct 31st!
have a great time in London. Praying God's goodness over you tonight! Blessings!
unless yr Rick Santorum - then you've turned the clock back to the 14th century
for employee or company?
don't say such things!! What's goin on??
I'm scene not emo
$2 Tapas and DOUBLE #BELLY POINTS? Why aren't you for happy hour right now?!
Ok cool man
don't forget that we have the best player in this serious! CP3 leading us! They got no real leader.
One more hr of fundraising. Join us w/your pledge @ 800-499-9246 or online It's Match Day! Your pledge will count twice as much.
I get what you're saying financially but he had a choice to stay and serve suspension. It's called accountability.
#emorydisc Price: autism-friendly conferences let attendees sit, stand, lie down as they need. Hand-waving preferred to clapping.
He's going. To much going on for him, Good thing I got to see him last night. <3
SERIOUSLY!!!??? So excited. Luna Bars here I come! :) Hope you are well!
Wonder if we'll find out he sold a bunch of shares right before the op-ed was published!
Twitter just got interesting
7am dance team practice?
Getting into a religious discussion in my english class.
I almost tweeted about my hatred towards you but then I decided not to be a mean girl.. Because I'm not one. Don't take pride in being mean.
Crawford did participate in today's shoot-around.
Will do! Stay tuned.
Substitute Teacher: "Does ur normal teacher let u do tht" Students: "YES"
Go down the Breaking Bad road!
Wow... Talk about pressure, I have one fucking shot at NYSSMA, there's no next year for me...
Either gonna be freaking excited or morbidly depressed all by one goal...
S/o for all the promo
i'm pretty sure there isnt late start
#stratconf Does one of the speakers have his laptop audio turned on because there's a terrible echo.
Might get my Monroee pierced soon :) haha
it's kinda fucked up how we're born just to die.
Catch the 9pm Indie Team Harold Night at PHIT this evening for just $5 with the password: "We named the dog Indiana!"
Wanna wish my mom n my aunt a happy birthday.love u all
Oh, it's Nice to hear you lived here!
if your referring to me, hell yea I want it
Now would be the perfect time for a hot guy to pop out of a bush and ask me to marry him #ReadyWhenYouAre <U+E425>
Attorneys: Do you know where your REFERRALS are coming?
You can do eet. :)
Have a safe and HOPPY New Year Lee
Up early working on a long overdue painting.. Yep feelin artsy!!!!
Confession: The hope of leaving this place and starting new are the only things keeping me alive.
that tis the mission! ;D
what r they digging?
Is that why my recent package came back U.T.F?
I hope if nba is locked out, I hope stern makes sure that the nonsense that #6 pulled never happens again
Thanks for the birthday shout! Just came back from a conference and saw it.
Tomorrow is going to be epic for me and
I'm alllmooost done with this semester
Scrambled eggs and bacon? or just oatmeal for breakfast???
Ben Rudnick kicks off a beautiful day in the Good Kids tent at the #LIGFest. Come on down for a great day!
Just tapped PORT BREWING HOP-15 Imperial IPA!!!
Today may be the day you've been waiting for.
#Hoboken #NJ bound! Have to go where work is!
Victor Cruz's ACTING CLASS this Tuesday at Pearl Studios 500 8th Avenue (between 35th and 36th streets) 4th Floor, NYC. Class is $20.
hell yeah!
See that? Who's hands is the ball in? Kobe's. No questions asked
I listen to you show every day while taking my son to school.... So funny, I love you guys!!
ITS COOL I MADE FRIENDS WITH THE TEES ONES MANE KAYL AN THE OTHERS NAMES JOHN LMAO
God did his thing praise Christ!!!!!!!
Our May 12th show in Wichita is cancelled, bo! But on the plus side, we're working on other dates in April and May here in OKC. Yay!!!
HEW members, don't forget to Vote today - its your right, so please use it! Julio Maldonado
Charismatic Canada Geese gathering in parking lot of Calvary Baptist in South Bend. Obviously they are Northern Baptists.
I shall give him a listen then. any particular song?
Too true... RT It is at first upsetting but then strangely calming, that moment when you realize that you really are an idiot.
However lots of ways there might be of being alive, it's certain that there're widely more techniques of being dead, or instead not alive.
"Leave a message after the beep. When finished, hang up, or press #hashtag for more options."
Hi Austin!! (; how wuz ur day??? also whts ur fav part of church for u??
Ugh almost the weekend..
This is absolutely unbelievable bullshit. The owner was worried for the safety of her and his other patrons. What a dick, she seemed sweet.
collegehumor killed me Get Amir and Jake at on of your concerts to perfom with you Well actually not jake Just amir
A2: Many companies (like government) have auto replies when position was filled. Kind of nice to have the closure.
Hard to find better company than the crew, thanks!
Also, really hope I put the motor oil down the right hole. Jesus.
we had an accident the day before, so she wanted to be prepared.
Is it bad that I'm going to obnoxiously vote for Jessica Sanchez because I know how much loves her?
life is great.... the only thing I'm missing is sleep.
Yo casey holla at your brother my 21st bday coming up and im in new york i wanna meet him before he plays the jets!
Congrats to Robert Brennan, who will represent the at the annual IFA- symposium in April!
On WomenTransformation Movement Call with Dawnna St Louis and other powerful women. Dial in number 712-432-3100 conf ID 471980. Join now.
are you posted up in the bathroom yet? :)
you can re-enter if you're 21+. if not, no
Big day for #GreenBay #Packers fans! The #NFL will release its full 2012 schedule tonight at 7pm (ET), 4pm (PT). #GoPackGo!
I'll get the MD liquor lobby pays well!
good to see you yesterday!
nah bro WE gone make it
indiana's weather is so bipolar. we had 80 degrees weather in the winter & like 40s-60s in the spring :(
Same reason different day...cant believe i almost went against my moms words for u
I want a Skee-Lo hologram to perform at my birthday.... Oh I can afford the real thing??
Just realized i didnt even eat dinner yet. Lol, oh well yolo.
I also got a tour of the ITU Grand Final course in Auckland--it's going to be awesome!
Happy Mothers Day!!
I have volleyball tryouts today, wish me luck?<3
born of osiris?
I def didn't think it through... Geez
Wouldn't miss it for all the teacups in Dresden.
my night is consisting of homework. \m/
Yee with the new licensed driver
the non-tour stuff is usually on anvil, which is pretty industry-standard. :>)
DMB movie night FINALLY in action. who knew: all it took to find out a movie is on On Demand was driving around for 2 hrs searching for it.
About to make some music in NYC. I love this city.
U.S. soldier accused of killing #Afghans: from Ft Lewis, assigned to remote special ops site in Afg, working with Green Berets or Navy SEALS
Georgetown City Council member Brad Penn confirms Greg Reeves has been relieved of his duty as chief of police by Mayor Everette Varney.
Biron's thoughts on Orpik's hit: I saw it the whole way & 2b honest with you it crossed my mind to just go all the way down because it was..
verizon "welcome center" is not the right place to lodge a complaint, transferred again... (fourth time) ! This is out of control.
Great Pilates class yesterday! Good workout!
#WordsINeedToHear Paul Macca: "I'M GOING BACK TO BOLOGNA SOON"
hiding. aha
Our Individual Computer Class starts at 10am. Join our computer experts and get the computer training you need, on the subject you want!
The Deep Blue Organ Trio is back in the studio!
#ItsAmazingHow some people just come into your life so fast, and they change it forever.<U+2665>
In Franco class he tripping if he think I am bout to do this whole packet
Infinity to 1!!!!
you don't deserve any hate. i mean, you give so much support to cody!!!!! you are a really dedicated angel. :) <3
Today california governor Jerry Brown signed a new law giving financial aid to illegal immigrants for college. Are you f-ing serious?! Brow…
I pushed "airplane mode" on my phone and no peanuts nor ice cream appeared.
My job would be a hell of a lot easier if I didn't have to follow up with people 57 times for things.
hey Jory king how r u
TED seriously looks hilarious
Do all these sportswriters reporting "Wakefield to announce retirement" realize they are actually announcing his retirement for him?
Dudes that subtweets that's that shit I don't like
Another stellar event tonight! I always leave with something valuable, whether it's a new potential client or useful info.
Shallow Grave Satanic Symphony Live Tonight At The Ultra Lounge 2169 N Milwaukee Ave Chicago
Off to sleep. Goodnight.
yes!!!!! I was looking for that this morning!!!
Merry Christmas & Happy New Year to the Entire Tweet Nation!
You think the ni**as you with is with you?
When we stop chasing security, faith catches up to us and all is well.
Ever open your mouth and spend the rest of the day wishing you hadn't? Yeah... Why does that feeling persist?
Just saw the Creation Records documentary. So many great bands. Much was made of label's crazy debauchery. Felt normal to me!
How will you spread joy today?
Pretty amazing. My friend's iPad App, Paper, is the Number ONE free app at the Apple App store. He's an artistic genius from Bethel
Note to self: Never order the salmon burger. Stick with the crab cakes or reg burger.
Dette Glashauer is a performance artist coming to Atlanta. Solo show enthusiasts and folks who dig cool work, be forewarned! 12/8-18th.
how do u chang a name on here??
Need to rub my eyes, a run! In the first!
RT RT : For what it's worth, I'm sorry. And at the end I swear, I'm trying.
word, now I can call ppl lol
A demain a Old Town! French Meetup at 7h30!
Okay time to go for now
good to know! I couldn't imagine sitting through multiple takes in the boardroom. Once with all that drama is plenty! ;)
Wrapping it up for today. Another successful day editing and creating...almost time to share with the public. Briefcase, coming soon!
DC food truck inspection complete. passed with flying colors!
Too. Much. Shots.
both & will present "Web Accessibility in Large Organization's" on June 21. bit.ly/jpExM2
Fucking customer keeps calling & asking for a quote even though I keep telling him I'm not an inspirational mother fucker
Out of school already #districts <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009F>
Need more gift ideas? Gift your favorite Grove Wine (on-line or in-store), maybe you'll get lucky and they will open it with you :)
You have officially brought the ruckus re: "Girls." <U+2665>
That exciting moment when you find your own work photo-documented by someone else!
Molly jensons music is eAsygoing fun sincere and an excellent listen with a lil punch... highly highly recommend
Just realized I look like a walking JCrew ad today.
...the best medicine, eh? Have a great day!
You are amazing Brady! and you and Jarrett are the hottest couple ever ;) -Maddy
Thanks M! Anytime
When hurting deepens? Needs to pull yourself out of the situation and recalculate and weigh whats best for you :)
leave it hol up
Never in a million years did I ever expect to be writing and tweeting about a Jeffrey Dahmer Groupon today.
RIP Levon Helm, the man who sang my favorite song.
I dunno if new york is degrading my language skills or if the sandwich i am having is just that good but i just said "this amazing."
Where did all my content go? oh yeah, i'm on the dev site. Whew.
The waiting game begins I have to stay on holy grounds for 55 mins
hey John it's Johnathan we met last night!
Woman told shes too big to fly www.tncnews.com
Its a mental for Joel..
Jaycee peed on my pops...
Whips and chains are my thing!
up late just thinking
Stormie's Grandpa opens the door & she threw the cigarette at me & it landed on my lap! Lmfao!
RT : RT Damn that's dick, no wonder girls hate guys, what she had on her phone is her own private pictures
Staying Up For A While..
We've got a rocking spot at 20th and Alberta on the south side of the street. Stoked for !
i need to be honest with myself and stop buying fresh artichokes
Really nice acting job is done by Stanley Tucci as the timeless (soon to become a Meme) Caesar Flickerman!
It was in fact the day before yesterday. LMMFAO
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.29
The yarns Obama works into his speeches are always abt such boring ppl. Why not tell stories abt guys who like to eat money and fire people?
Broke my glasses, tore my contacts. FML.
I've actually never had one :) Think I've been missing out. But I ran into a mailbox once.
still on a mission to find fat Syd!
its now or never. We at home too...
Has anyone visited google.com? the logo is a guitar and you can play it.
New! Wild Boar Bratwurst. Delicioso!
True. Although I get way more out of dinner with my husband than I get out of him watching sports center. :)
She may not look like much kid, but she'll make .5 past lightspeed...
I Followed me Math teacher on Twitter... :D
I know man. Why would you want to do it knowing it will kill you
ayy man its good! keep up the work
this way since 18 <U+E326><U+E03E>
Congrats! Those cookies are deeeeeeeeelish!
Need a #QualityDJ to host your next mixtape or event? Use who and use ==> <<== he is #TheBest!!!!!!
Hurt my fingers, destroys my #starcraft apm.
I know you have a girlfriend, but i still appreciate a public boob check.
Don't waste time being unhappy, everything happens for a reason. So just smile and be thankful for everything you have in your life..
happy Easter <3's!!! Hope ur day is full of happiness & joy!xoxo Moni
Thanks for the retweet!
PickUpLine: Do you know what'd look good on you? Me.
Likewise. I better see some space matter falling or else I'm gonna riot. Hard.
Sounds like Alexander's been doing the business a little bit?
Pretty excited for my first sunday tomorrow!
Via , Geena Davis: 'The more hours of TV a girl watches, the fewer options she thinks she has in life.' Makes sense.
good morning beautiful people!
So happy to relieve the series finale of six feet under can't wait for all the possibilities with that cord!!!
I think CLT is the new ATL.....
Give a man a gun and he can rob a bank. Give a man a bank and he can rob the world. via
I kinda wanna save this chick on the train from a bad date.
Over 50% of USA has cell phone only and most new landlines are VOIP so #Texas shuts out quite a few family members from #TDCJ prisoners
#Things2ChainzWouldSay I'm riding on empty, my J's are really filthy good thing I am riding around wit my bros J's HAND ME DOWN
RT : RT : RT : "If you want to fly, you have to give up the things that weigh you down"
- Sounds like a great day; enjoy!
Thinking of titling the New Album Ranch Hands! Who wants stock?
Everytime I hear Make Me Proud I feel like I should be eating sliced peaches with my legs crossed in a nail salon
Man, this #Cardinals team is playing they won the World Series last year or something...
I'm at the Creating Multimedia Technology in an Ever-Changing Museum Environment room 205CD
best retweet ever
Dear 4pm M34 commuters: you are all crazy. Yelling and pushing at the ticket machine, and you don't even get on the bus? One word: Xanax.
george lopez.. i seen him out on fri
Finally going on a trip abroad! Expect details soon.
lol they was doing that shit on the dictator got they ass booked lbs
Very ironic that #NFLPA and players are fighting so hard against bounties same week as Seau's suicide due to concussions/depression
Text me :) ask the number
RT In order to realize the worth of the anchor, we need to feel the stress of the storm. #Quote Corrie ten Boom
Greatest artists need people like you! Thanks for supporting independent music!
Good discussion today! we're learning more & more about graphic novels & collaboration.
Demoed to Big Blue the and Integration today. What a sales and marketing powerhouse.
Girls have unique powers: they get wet without water, bleed without injury and make boneless things hard.
He's a great guy too! (And the only reason I watched Legion)
I hate Mondays SO much.
A mom had to call the Office of Civil Rights on a school in Gloucester, VA b/c they denied her child...
My step-daughter took pics RT One thing before I go tuck in... I let my kids shave my head. They LOVED it. Totally bizarre
Can't I just stay in bed for the rest of the school year its only like 3 weeks.
"this just proves there's someone better" <3333
Never been high up on Rondo. Love the team, don't love him
Bout 2 take a lil nap.can't wait 4 raw on Monday
#askshane Have you ever hated one of your brothers girlfriends?
How much does 's player suspensions hurt the ? Anthony Hargrove gets 8 games. Mike Neal is also gone for 4 games.
Grow your hair back! It was so freakin sexy(;
Me Too RT : RT : I like girls that like girls
I bet you wont fall asleep on Sunday on the back nine
almost home! Ready to see some gold star action??
FIIINALLYYYY......THE #ROCK HAS CUM BACK TO MIAMI!!!!
have to dbl check on lw.. but yes maybe 1 loss. having a 'you know who' free weekend - exhausted now talking EW
i wish some things never happened
Time for the #bachelor. Ben, there is still time to send Courtney home!!!
people who are amused by little late things
should have started That tweet off with SPOILER ALERT...JEEEZZZZZZZ
If I get a degree in biology I feel I'd be forced to wear a pin at my job that says "ask me about the reproductive strategies of an oyster."
I agree, they have to take control of their own mind because it's much bigger than them.
My worst fears for her when diagnosis occurred. Tough RT : questions about Pat's health isn't fun ... but how do you not ask?
nothing happened. it's just that my mom lives far away , and I never really get to see her <U+E40E>
depressed by the thought of dropping off charles at the groomers in the a.m.-i can't sleep
All HCPL branches will be closed Friday, April 6. Stock up on books, videos, etc now!
Friday Pizza Party day!
HAPPY 32nd BIRTHDAY TO........WARREN WOLF!!!! I'm happy to see another year of my life take shape & form. Now where's the yellow cake?
where can i get a matching suit?
I think about that every time I sit in traffic. or maybe getting a motorcycle... might be a bit dangerous... ;-) thnx 4 the video
Has mls listings coming out her ears!!!
We all've seen penises we didn't want to"
Friday night and going to Toy Story 3D, yeah I'm still cool.
On my way home. Be over in a few.
Gah!!! This is frustrating… just realizing that some of my contacts just disappeared between my old and new phone… >_<
Does anyone know of any interesting underground events happening in NYC this weekend?
I haven't gone to sleep yet... so yeah still awake xD
I met your friend Carli Beall last night.
A cockroach can live for an average of several weeks with it's head cut off
#Obama knows that if you can get the gays on your side you have more $ for your campaign.
what's up?
Thanks to everyone who came to our first ever Trunk Sale on Saturday, and thanks to for the great entertainment!
I'm writing you guys a letter, Tom said I could :) haha
in fact I requested a chemical peel & they refused to give me one, they said only herbal <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0082>
I would have too. If that happened to me I would have avoided salad for months.
The most awesome feeling, when boys ask my friends and the ugly me if we want to dance with them
It's on Dah News
So, as I understand it, if u take enuff swigs, u feel u have more swag.? Is that right? And too much swagger = moves like Jagger?
Good morning twitter feeling to good today ya love ya!!!!!!
lol y you say that
Megan Newquist is on our 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS morning show. Welcome Megan!
I would love to, but I'm stuck here in NYC for a while. Some time in the future!
Funny Homeless Sign: Why live in a $100k home when I can live under a three million dollar bridge?
Corporate & Private Events <U+2605> Bar/Bat Mitzvahs <U+2605> Event Coordination <U+2605> Event Management <U+2605> Guerilla Marketing <U+2605> Consulting
lol o lord....call u the drink special girl
Congrats to basketball on win and first trip to the Final Four since 1989!
A free $150 mall gift card? Apply for #ProjectStyle & Shop, Style... Win! RT
Right now life is pretty much party hard and make it happen. Thanks team for being so awesome!!
Hotel-as-office is never a good look. Just one step above Starbucks.
Great news! A great instructor from New York is joining us in May for a special 2-day workshop! Register now to train with Seth Barrish!
When your friends help you in a bad situation.. Their just your so called prince saving you from your step sisters (problems)
"Communication for development" must be a two way inclusive space with multiple methods employed (via Cicilia from )
preparing to record my new CD next month. It's been 4 1/2 years!!! This one is worth the wait, my friends.
oh the irony
Been doing lots of Halloween crafts and baking with Alex, carving our second pumpkin tonight!
I don't know ANY circle where "put him to sleep" means kill some1. In my circles it's always meant knock him out.
My article on Hypnosis and Acting a well kept secret, came out in www.thetolucantimes.com this week. I am starting new class this Tuesday.
Sarah's image just in. Adam's and qi's not too long away now
Band excursion to the beach today! If you guess right maybe you'll spot us!
Your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow
Day 2 of using & actually really liking it! Props to a great #kloutperk !
Carrying a typewriter weighing 50kilos from the depths of Brooklyn all the way home at 8.30 in the morning in the rain
you are so funny.
good film. for some reason when I am craving in n out I think of the scene where swayze is trying to get a burger in Calcutta.
Best deals on food & wine
David who? If old costar they still r
lol @ last statement
#MelGibsonSays a little prayer and either God or the Devil fixes it.
Wanted to wish Carson Racing's very own - Tonya Goodbrand, a very Happy Birthday today!!! Stop by her profile and say Hi!!
Wednesday morning and the bakery smells so delicious already!!!! Pass by to see us and have a sweet cake sample!! It is a beautiful day!
I just tried to type 'party' and it autocorrected to 'orgy'. THAT WAS A CLOSE ONE
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy New Year!!!!
Just saw the commercial at the theatre, and it's brilliant! I love a good ad
Hey guys it's Amanda! I'm on tweet limit on my other account.
Thank you for the RT! :-)
I want you on my iPod right now too! ;)
congrats on your new marketing degree...
still watching lil wayne takeover and if you want to no what song it is how 2 love
And my gin count as of Fri night was 14. Give me a ride Travis, & I'll bring you a few bottles for experimenting.
lol Oh. My fault. I gotta new #
Kwame Alexander = genius, powerful! Virginia book festival
Relieved. (But yes, bittersweet, too.)
why do you drink decaf instead of the good stuff?
ouch my feet hurt :(
thank you! Stay in touch with us! :)
You Were Soo Cute ON Good Day Ny Te Amoo
That's what I like to hear, I mean, I don't know any car that possesses a flower vase, but that's impressive. #StartAGarden? :P
hm... a lovely snow storm began this date in '96.
lol we jokin of course we goin n imma look forward to the cake lol come over
Anyone did the Info Conference Call? I didn't get a chance to call in. Anything important I missed?
T'was a nice piece, huh? They are a tough breed to locate though. Hope all's well.
Why pass #crop circle nonsense along?
Thanks for the support in Oklahoma Kelli! We really appreciate it. Shine responsibly!
Enjoy the show!!
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT WANTS YOU!
I had a great recital on Sunday and am proud of my students.
when you're talking to someone and they answer each 5 minute...
This weekend is going by way too fast.
i think it's getting *colder* in 204
RSVP #SXSW please and than you!
no worries. hope it is good. i have a bad feeling.
will do. Stay tuned to this page.
Drawing is a form of meditation. Take 10 minutes to meditate in the morning and watch how magical things happen in your life during the day.
... and then to turn them it into book ends
oh yea the one I Roosevelt? Yea I been tucked lol
ok I'll give you a back massage
Happy Birthday to my sister Marlena Strong! The greatest sister one could ever ask for.:))
Who is ready to party like a rock star tonight at Room 101? Doors open at 9 Tickets to One Direction concert!
Fight the pain, drift away lifes a game but a bitch dont play fare stay there rockin this shit since the days of daycare
You lame for that avi, now hop off
Keyra is a girl that I made up a rumor about her dating Austin. I regret that and im sorry.
Did you know that computer need a tune up every 6 months just like cars do. A film of dust can clog the vents, and damage the fans. As a...
“: send her a cute goodnight text while she's sleeping so she wakes up with a smile on her face.” I Want That ^-^ <U+2764>
Taking my 103 year old great aunt out to lunch! :)
RT Up too early, #sleepy .... I feel you if don't nobody in the world feel you I do lol...
That's an interesting distinction. Would be educational to know the motivations for both.
I got married here :) My parents live down the road.
Quote of the Day Now Hiring Summer Help.....Nights & Weekends,....Stop in for an application
I bet the gringos loved this: "Mariachi Band Covering The Wall by Pink Floyd" bit.ly/oUSHqg
Yea but we never have reunions and all my family is on fb. So twitter, fb, g+ and path
Prague Fatale by P. kerr-- WWII hist mystery series, good! Like Ariana Franklin's Mistress of the Art of Death series too
Happy Birthday momma. I love and miss you.
that'll be perfect for the
As are we MT : Amber, super bummed about you having to withdrawl - hope all is well soon!
I have said bro so many times today though
From a friend - Instead of debate why not a Dancing with the Stars dance off? Cain & Newt can harass female partners. Fun for all
Everytime i see a GI Joe i yell COBRA!!
Need a 10 dollar giftcode ?? here you go: 5H319UO8830UV5V Only a onetime usage! KARMALOOPPPPPPPPP
I dont know. We'll have to pay for this sooner or later. We've got some early flowers coming up already. saving $ tho
Aren't all generalizations false?
makes sense
You do? Well if you want I could teach you spanish! Defend yoself from putas.
yes, you are! Do you any stretch marks? & illbe rite besides rivers moms house. So ill just walk over? You staying there?
Found my phone in the hood of taylors car? Haha
Why am I like thiiiss? I need someone to talk to..
The #Knicks def have a better chance of winning a fight than a game and they prob don't mind risking injury
that's an awesome n TRUE statement
alright - enough fun. come back to the homeland already...i miss you too much
that's good. How's life
thank you darling daughter. It's wonderful to be your father! Love you!
*friendly hug* to make u warm...lol
Rise and shine
Any recommendations for a Dentist in KC?
because we're the only interesting people :P
It would appear one of the better streets in my neighborhood is getting overlay. And that's it. hhmm...
Raindrops on roses and the girls in white dresses, and sleeping with the roaches.
I'm in rhody til Monday. Dinner in Brooklyn next week.
It's been a while since I've had a chocolate covered pretzel that wasn't a shot. Thanks reminding me I love them:)
i am taking matters into my own hands for once. #timetobeassmallasiusedtobe <3
Tough Monday in ...
Okay:) Beautiful area to live! TY
Thats great, hope you have a good time.
Fingers crossed.
what is iRadar?
Florida is full of lunatics!
Happy holidays! (Updates to resume tomorrow.)
The only true happiness comes from squandering ourselves for a purpose. Cowper, William
What a night. Still low to mid-70s right now. Ah...
Learn how to draw manga characters from three perspectives! This is a one time class for teens only at Green Valley Lib tomorrow at 4:30 pm.
Hello lovers! Relax after school.. Going shopping with my parents. It will be a very good afternoon <U+2665> See u soon tweeps!
oh to the yum! #bacon wrapped meatloaf :D
You know youre a nerd when you blow off your morning "wants" to watch Fanboys...
I know I'm kinda late... but everything is changing! I'm so proud and happy and sad and I don't even know how I feel. Lol
From Air to Air, a smooth migration so far!
OMG!! I thought I was gonna DIE earlier! it was thundering! Omg it was so scary! If I died all I wanted was to say goodbye to
When it hurts to look back, and you're scared to look ahead, look beside you. I'll be there forever no matter what the circumstances are.
We're officially in 23 countries - Welcome Norway, Italy, and Ireland - Thanks to Germany, Canada, and Australia for your loyalty!
C-dog, the rapper of the catchy Ravens playoff song on #TheTalk, is in the house! Ravens fans go check it out
Ok one last time before I go to sleep. TVD SEx finale. Over and out.
They are called the Cottagers. I watch them when I can because Clint Dempsey, the best American, plays for them.
Disappointing day. are so much better than that.
Raining in Copenhagen = perfect excuse to go shopping indoors at the Magasin du Nord?
I like the current ghettoness
Morning Tweeps! Hope you're up and watching ! will be on at 8:15 live to talk about the NJ Devils. Cc:
Brian Klemke wrote: I'm watching golf...that's right golf..and the only reason I am is to watch Tiger Woods fail.
With 15 mins left in the game #Pittsburgh has 4 made fgs and is shooting 14% from the field. That is absolutely #terrible and
Canada rules! Thanks for following :)
Thank you so much! Your blog post was the greatest, and so complimentary! Can't thank you enough! :)
ON THE RIGHT SIDE UNDER TRENDS THE THINGS TO FOLLOW. NONE OF IT IS WHAT I PUT THERE. HOW DO I TAKE THE THINGS OFF THE LIST
so I just slept all night long and I am still tired...I may need a nap...should be a nice lazy monday gym & cleaning thats all I need to do!
We now have the _NFL_ _NETWORK_. Browns & Steelers will be on tonight, plus the Hockey Ticket. Shall I put in an order for wings for...
Fact: I am an idiot.
Why did they remake footloose is nothing sacred?!!!
Wilson Ramos' knee just buckled badly. Doesn't look very good.
they start the series tonight against the Lakers
$2000 for a burn from a fish sandwich. What a day you are having, person next to me on light rail.
There is a small fire right now in gov't cntr station. Smells like burning rubber
Muslim jokes are so old now. I get so frustrated. I used to laugh but come on.. Grow up assholes.
Job hunting? Maintain confidence in what makes you a great candidate. Never lose site of this.
not always but late June should be better it's been a dry year so far.
Who is your favorite person to see on stage? (Tag them in your comment below)
Thanks for the shout out for our mussels! Glad they were worth the wait!
anyone up for pre-#techraking dinner or drinks in Berkeley tonight? cc
For lunch, I will be honoring National Grilled Cheese Day.
GM!!!! Mondays are the days where you question everything. Starting with why didn't I call in today? Lol jk gotta get this money!!! Smile!
I cant wait till your new Christmas album comes out know its gonna be special!! Thanks for always working so hard for ur fans!
Valentine's Day is February 14.
About a year ago, I listened to your Relationship Trust Building Webcast and I honestly believe it carried me through a really tough time
everytime i have a conversatio with kevin or george they keep tellin me that the world is mine.
I Over Slept<<<
is so sweet! <U+263A>.
This is going to be a fun project - so many amazing peeps the hard part will be figuring out who to start with!
Great stunt! levitates over fountains on ! Catch him live daily in !
RISE AND SHINE TIME TO GET THIS LAST WORK DAY OF THE WEEK OUT THE WAY.
Thanks for the RT! Have a fabulous day!!
call me? Maybe?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! HAVE FUN TONIGHT!!!
MT : Multiple reports 3 coaches leave for Arizona: Jeff Casteel, David Lockwood,Bill Kirelawich TRIFECTA!
RT Thanks! Congrats 2 programming team on Excellence Award!
I wish I could hear more more and less less, I'm growing tired of more for less
I have learned that being together with those you love is enough
RT IF JUSTIN, CODY, OR GREYSON ARE NOT FOLLOWING YOU SO THAT I CAN DM THEM YOUR USERNAME! (must be following ) #NOJOKE!!!
Yeah, Jason learned that he needs to keep his phone charged. I'd love to come back by Madison too. To eat some squeakers!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked as a bartender: Can you tell me the price of every single drink that you have?
a final four but still kept his mouth shut like he should have because he knew who he was dealing with. I know that when I go to Lexington
Hey Ellen! Thanks for the retweet ~ you're so sweet! ;)
:-) best movie ever
first read that as "bubble gun" and was surprised that was disgusted.
nothing fucking works out for me..
i eat so much during the day... no wonder i feel that way
Listening to RHCP makes me miss my bestie so damn much! COME HOME!!!!!
Watch my ride get here before my roommate even finishes cooking -.-
11/11/11 : No phones, ipods, computers, cars or TVs...gonna make the most of it not just for me anymore.
hell yes!
cool I'll try to be there
Naming a real estate development project with "Shakespeare" as the key word to relate to. Who has a witty idea for me?
I don't need to be recruited. If it involves an IHOP run, I'm there.
thanks for the shoutout yesterday!! RT
The worst thing about this entire situation is these people go out into the world born and bread tools of stupidity <Belinda Jackson>
In 2005, Americans spent $90 billion on medical procedures, imaging studies, and medications for neck and back pain.
"Dnnt give up on someone you once made you smile when you didnt even want to laugh"!<3
Aolani if u don't stop
Frankie only follows peole he's met? He hasnt met me but he followed me...weird
just educational tweets??? Seems like a waste of a twitter account if you ask me.
I turned my phone on "Airplane mode" and threw it up into the air. Worst. Transformer. Ever.
gurl u best to back off he my man I called him first and I known him before u!! Lol I'm serious don't think I'm playing!
yes on all accounts. My offer for a cup of coffee/tea still stands. I saw you recently, but still feel the need to catch up!
YOLO. Exactly. Don't make stupid decisions.
we just got a shoutout ! :D woot woot. so how are the truebieberfans out there doing ? only a little bit more than a week til my world ! :D
What is stopping you? Seriously. You're leading me on...
haha jw he got all mad wen i told him to tlk to you haha
RT Central is closed today, so it's tough to get to , but we are still open so come on in!
Everyone loves the
While listening to "Too Big to Fail" on the way to work this morning, I wished TAIDS on at least 10 people...
getting ready to launch www.virtualvideo.info , as talent page, comedy, music, magic, Actors Audition Calls : ??
I do not at all understand the mystery of grace - only that it meets us where we are but does not leave us where it found us.
I was the invitee
What if it's just someone hiding outside your shower pushing in the curtain?
The 2012 54th GRAMMY nomination process countdown continues... :-)
We will also be giving out a limited number of copies of our #ROC rental market guide! Grab one at #ImagineRIT or #ROCLandlordExpo at #MCC!
ill never stop having fun. Its programmed in my d.n.a
No like we legit had to clean because of corporate is coming today
#THATCamp #Games / #THATCamp #Games / We’re playing Shade and taking names! Applications open now through 10/31: thatcampgames.org
lol Thanks for sharing! :)
- Thx for the mention!
Ok so far it's been an interesting art opening. A drug addict puked in my lil garbage can
Happy mothers day mom/Dawn Denise Doyle.You work very hard for me I love you and always will protect you,also she's the best mom ever 143.
Not In the mood today
So true.
Very excited that I played the guitar and for once didn't chip the polish on my right index finger. Yay! :)
DUDE! HOW ARE YU??
That kid in class who breathes like Darth Vader during a test
Band roadtrip to Camp Towanda! Today is going to be one big flashback into our childhood summers.
presently is closed. If you have a dr appnt in the Ala Moana Building ... The building is also closed.
I sent it before I saw you did it.
I said I was going to sleep but I can't stop thinking about u!
people you should follow
How could I possibly be expected to handle school on a day like this?!
In Jersey relaxing for the night...hot tub, food, and bar!
Lomhlaba Unzima, Lohmhlaba. This world is a harsh place, this world.
that would be awesome:) tyy<33
Wow what an end to the Duke/UNC game, but isn't that just par for the course
Hum. data curation - good session, good discussion. Thanks for putting this together!
came to visit me today!!! Good time!!!
*Meant Jon, of course.
and TV just got a lot better looking!
. Actually, that is just the #SocialSecurity Trust Fund. Program will still pay 78% of benefits w/o changes.
This is pretty cool. Would like to see other photographers complete camera collections.
!!!! RT : Everyone has flaws, but teeth looking like ran down section 8 housing is inexcusable.
There's heart and a point to inspiring. Charisma is inspiring without the point or heart.
Yea perfect.. Ill be here!
ok and my mom said she mighttake me tomorrow to sign up so idk would u come w us or go w ur mom or waaaaah?
Why am I the last one chosen when I could be out there showing my best.
hi Jeff! How are you?
been a long time checking but i appreciate the people keeping up with it. much love and god bless
Oh my, this story on about neighborhood pets being stolen and used for bait in dogfights is just heartbreaking.
Heck, I'm surprised he didn't bite you! That stuff's nassssssteeee! I can hardly imagine what Axe does to a dog's olfactory nerve
Hanley Ramirez 2 run homer to die center field!!!! Let's go marlins!!!!
in cali but I'm at Florida fo a vacation lol
get them in soon ! This window could be short ! I ve seen it this way before with no. Warning !
welcome to my newest ps upgrade member "combring "
What are the panelists thoughts on the recent explosive growth of Pinterest and potential for brands on that platform?
mac daddy
word on the street is its someone's birthday! Any chance I could get a follow? ;)
“: How many NASCAR races has Danica Patrick won?” the same amount as I have
Yes, we are still loyal #Steelers fans ; the # of Tebow jerseys at school yesterday was a record though
she wont let me go alone.
Hey, nice new profile pic!
watching the game
Wishing you all a happy and healthy New year
Sorry... cant. My moms got the macbook tn for "Schoolwork"
#Attitude...... is a limited edition
M&A Tip of the Day~Identifying personal expenses your business pays for are key in determining the value of your company
Who gives a shit, just win the fuckin Super Bowl!
Just installed a kit kat into my stomach.
He might make a stop in SA. I'll keep you posted!
#loveislouder I promise that the day I gain ANY influence, I will publicly fight for all those who have been tormented for being different.
After seeing my little girl with bleeding burns on her bum... I will not do that to my next little one.
i love how & are such good friends. <3 like really. There meaning of 'True Friends'
right now there's nothing that can be said to change anything but thanks anyway
We announce our 2012-2013 season #tonight! Stay tuned.
People trip me out...theres no way that you dont KNOW you stink...
oh God.
RT : Very excited to work with this year! We'll take our #pantsoff anywhere!!! (We like that about you!)
Russel Wilson top ten!
oh crap. i gotta do the woodman's shop tonight. :(
or to a cancer patient
ready for the floor me lembra a propaganda da renner
Pleased to report that today is our Friday, the office will be closed tomorrow-Sunday. Happy Thanksgiving!
Don't forget to schedule an appointment on Sun, Oct 2nd from 12-6pm! We'll be donating 100% of profits to the Wildfire Relief Effort.
Lesson of Clintonomics is invest in the future and spend less on today. It is possible to cut and spend to benefit our country.
Bitches on my dick
-- Hey thanks for the shout out! Too bad you aren't around 2 see the chocolate bars & golden tix is handing out!
My prayers are with you and your family
I actually can't listen to Tyler, The Creator without wincing anymore. Because i'm not 17 years old and angsty
I have a new, somewhat unhealthy addition to Zara...
Thank you for the RT.
that's not lunch. that's an appetizer.
79% of consumers will commit to a deeper brand relationship - after a satisfying online experience. src: IBM
we have a mystery member >:)
It's good people were supportive then!
Woke up at 5:45 to head to the gym and all treadmills were taken. Making the beat out of it and doing some weight training.
Creating a brand name with Linked In and Twitter
May come to Ireland next year (my first visit). Could we buy you lunch or dinner?
Thx for the follow!
I respect you going off on Gov Brewer's actions. We have to protect our President!
then you're one of the lucky ones.
looking forward 2 #NBA ALLSTAR WEEKEND!!!
Show at Douglas County High School was awesome!
lol we was always chillin back in those days !
- You Rock and Thank You
If you are taking pictures at Accepted Student Day - Staten Island using , make sure to use the tag #stj!
Don't hold strong opinions about things you don't understand.
Thanks... Tell Jake CONGRATS.. that is my Birthday .. it will be shortly after that I will be going. :) I will fill you in
fantastic! yes, put on your ice cream thinking cap! ha! -lisa
yeah video games are fun like an Xbox 360 or playstation 3 but not a hand held lower device.
lol! I love you! <U+E414>And nothing getting ready to move. Wyd?
I'm giving up and putting down the emails. :)
My puppies can be real dicks
Had an audition today where I got to talk about furries. It was brilliant!!!
RT Hoes are cuffed . good girls are single . the good die young . the ungrateful have everything ....
OMG That awkward moment when you SHUT UP!!!
Eating at CiCi's Pizza!!!!:))
Preds heading into the locker room with that dangerous two -goal lead
I sort of figured that was where u got it from
HEY IM SIGING OUT TEXT ME!!:) OKAY
what? no reliance on government?
Chiefs fired Todd Haley today. I wonder if he'd like a job as a QB coach? Wait Ive seen Palko throw, maybe not after all
It was fantastic to meet you too! Great work last night!
If the Broncos make more moves in the off season this week, I won't be able to contain my excitement.
I'm gonna go eat and then ill see if I can spend the night over at a freinds house. I will destroy him in ultimate marvel vs capcom 3
Ah, it's nice when things work the way they are supposed to.
haha heard that!
tap, tap, tap, is this thing on? It appears I am not a social media guru.
i love you! #BeliebingUntilMyHeartStopsBeating !Please Never ever forget about your #beliebers ! <U+2665> I,we , love you so much !
haha I can only expect meant billions, and yes, what be your name?
If I listened to what everyone else said I wouldn't be on top of the world right now.
Good luck bubba!! U can do it!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7> Mind over matter... Lol.
Putting Cheez Its in my hoodie pocket was a bad idea.
Shut your mouth before I fuck it
myspace is dead. xD
Delicious Easter ham recipes
We know Triangle sports fans are mourning their team's defeat in the NCAA tourney. Don't get depressed, get some instead
She *is* right! I wish you could have heard the entire conversation. Awesome.
Honcho lifestyle Tip #10 - The early rising honcho always get paid first.
but that means no more childish behavior...
I bet if she met me she'd be really surprised how mild mannered I actually am. Thanks for defending my talent despite my "smut."
Aaron gave me his pick awawaw<3333
If someone wants to know my name !!!!! So !!!!!! My name is Effie Zouvelou
oh ok. thought it was correct. had brain fart. lol cool!
Hold onto ur seat during the fashion show. Remember 2 breathe!
I'm going to Woodstock this weekend. Guess that makes me a nasty libertine Democrat.
Have a great holiday weekend everyone!!!
Do yr kids luv eating white bread? Substitute w/ a light whole grain bread instead. Simple changes makes a HUGE difference. B
Thank you!
You're welcome! Glad to do it. Keep the good tweets coming.
what's good fam I'm bout to pick up Moët and some Bombay for this thirsty day RT “: Yo My G Whats Poppin”
My left leg hurts from doing backtucks today with Had fun with here thoo :3
oh gotcha! Can you follow me please? And what is something good to set my #fan apart from the others?
we deliver 15th to Mary mopac to35 r u within the area? W.austinloftydog.com/contact.html
Got the vow and think like a man on bootlegg... #WINNING.... lol
I Wish I Could See Today :(
Yours is more Scary
Shit, that's right, I forgot about that. ::gnashing teeth:: eeeyeah, unwise of her.
Almost ready to go learn some good stuff. #NAPO2012 - just have to go meet my buddies first.
Aw man! Is that the one you kept visiting? You had 2 guys at one point, right?
I want the truth from you. Give me the truth, even if it hurts me.
I followed you back. Still not doing the other thing. :)
'The Cerebral Approach to Exercise'...MindFirstFitness
notredame wins & steakums w/ peppers&onions a great combo :)
Not gonna happen though!
You can make the money back, but not the time !!
Don't even think of hiding drugs in your butt, because we'll look there. Just cooperate with us and we'll be gentle, you may even enjoy it!
Is it me or is online graphic design starting to all look the same?
hello Marilyn? ;) I don't risk shorter skirts until summertime for this reason.
#aaasmtg Cornelia Dean says science is cool--cool enough to make the #Nyt front page.
Do you have your Mother's Day brunch reservations yet? We're serving 11 - 3, with free mimosas for moms! Call to save a spot. 414.501.4510
Movie night with the wife!
are you serious!!?? haha
Happy Holidays hope you are enjoying your holidays! Happy New Year
Dang! I'll have to fix that for the 2nd edition.
he's a petulant child who was pissed about the position changes the Brewers forced on him. The well was poisoned here.
RT : From the Nuggets presser: Josh Kroenke "I want to offer a personal apology to the Billups family. He is Denver basketball"
Saw a brief shoot of you and Kevan Hall. He is my favorite designer. Have so many of his fabulous creations.
"One Shining Moment" playing in the background.
Mountain dreaming today, I need to feel the air, smell a campfire, put my feet in a mountain lake, RT if you love the same!
I know the actors. Just worried about the plot of it.
BLAP bid now stacking at .0038
i fail at spelling.
What's up felnt
My clothes are starting to fall off of me!
Honestly what's with the whole sagging pants thing?? Are you going back to jail soon to see bubba?? Is that what your trying to tell me??
why not be both? maru the cat with long hair and leather jacket
I'm so ill :'( I feel like I might die..
We're figuring out the possibility of call-ins. I'll keep you posted. Glad you enjoyed your intro to your request of the week!
First Oregon spring game I ever went to was in Keizer and attracted 4k. How times have changed...
Sorry I barely tweeted today lol. I've been really tired after getting home, idek why.
Lower Dens Share New Video, Tour Dates | HIT250
Retweet for a shout out,?
Yes! Yes? and No.
Yay! Were stoked tomarow, we are going to see tomarow! :)
This score could easily be 6-1, the puck is more just hitting Bryzgalov more than he is actually making saves. #80'stylegoaltending
Thx for the retweet! Have a wonderful #FF weekend!
Paul Mccartney looks like Angela Lansbury. Both are old british women.
RT : nice lunch bustle . Was that a turnip in the quinoa cakes? So interesting. Yes pink or Tokyo turnips
The feeling of not setting an alarm is the
RT - Watching my New England Patriots go to work!
Wisconsin's Gov. Scott Walker is proof positive why you should NEVER vote in a member of the #GOP into office!
So excited for to make dinner for tonight at our house! Thanks to & Sara for this treat!
I'm trying to write, but my mind is too cloudy right now
Do tell do tell! #qrcodes, #nfc, #mobility, and
ah my baby!!! I'm so sad I'm missing you all at the may mart!!! #havefunwithoutme <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
- Yes it's the Ravens or Yes 4 a potential sideline pass hook-up? ;) re: Beau Brinkly workout
I have you livin life like you should said you never had it so good
#NeverShouldYouEver Bite the hand that feeds you
$4 Salads and NEW menu items available today at the Bakehouse!!! I just tried the new Jalapeno Jam burger and it was delicious!
We sure are!
The quest for safe, secure and sustainable energy poses one of the most critical challenges of our age.
favorite line: Find me that piece of paper I had in my hand yesterday morning.
Everything happens 4 a reason ": Sometimes you will never know the true value of a moment until it becomes a memory. #GirlFacts"
I'm going to the club soon :p
So sad I'm missing too! DAMN YOU, SHUTTLES THAT TAKE TOO LONG TO PICK ME UP FOR #COACHELLA!
Like a rhinestone cowboy...riding out on a horse in a star-spangled rodeo.
“: How is it that 's app understands him when we're all still trying to figure him out? #bhds12”
Are you sure you weren't speaking to my grandma? ": My grandma asked me if I gained weight"
Lmao watching my brother and his girlfriend cook!
The Blonde Names should be on
RT : Yes our President's safety is imperiled by the GOP. They need to be stopped now.
Congrats on your new Internship!
If you're a girl, listening to too much Wayne or Aubrey (especially Aubrey) probably means you have self esteem issues
Just saw two bums sharing a capri sun :(
For example - Apple is house that Jobs built, but really he wasn't responsible for each & every decision, but collective
ughh, brandi 3X. im not comparing him to hov as u often like to, im just saying he's a dope artist
Really rather play the Yankees in the ALCS. Detroit scares me. Not the team, the city.
Oh, totes. I get that a lot, too. (Mostly the "no means no.")
That was the most obvious shot clock violation ever. MSU owes #badgers 2 pts.
what you mean for?
um wait...is Ry using a MacBook?
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Potato Leek and Lentil. Sugar Free lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
129% of people exaggerate.
haha and a heart throb.
- sure! Can't wait!
This lady just pissed me off early in the morning.
I need to do this! #NeverEndingSwoon I also forgot to follow through with the ticket-buying because I'm terrible! :X
Follow ur boy hutch back ya dig?
why your house? that's so far and in the middle of no where :(
finna go watch our girls whip lexingtons ass
Guy just straight up declared his VPIP. "I'll play every hand for $10".
Tough day. Drinking a Stone Oak Aged Arrogant Bastard..to be followed by a Dogfish Head 75 Minute..AFTER I do my 5 miler to burn frustration
Apt construction necessitates becoming a “morning person" for next 2 weeks. Will either be super productive or crankiest human on earth.
Those stats are in the comments.
yep fur shurrrr bro
Welcome home <3 love you bestie!
I really miss 's "You're being ridiculous"/"What? Get out of here" look.
M.. just picked up a tall Amaretto Chai for only $2.50 at Roc River Coffee Co. Delicious. AND they have our REAL for card up :)
I Got That Bass
Well at 8 a.m. October 25, 2011 it looks like Harold Miller
Excellent session on project mgt just finished. V good, practical, & immed usable tools shared.
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
right there is my follow button ^ would you like to push it(:
Never been more thankful to come in 4th. Not the #muffdiver!!!
lmao , pinky promise , who you going with ? Jeremy
Listening to "Say Something", Such A Awesome Song:)
she like to get tipsy and she like to smoke too!
D-Wade likes chicken and waffles. Gonna make him a chicken and waffles breakfast burger.
Congrats Travis! Sounds like an awesome project.
Love this.
Oh my Jesus I'm so hot! Fuck you La heat!!!
: Hey! We're heading towards the Metreon now if you're still up for a drink!
Guy Friend--Bestfriend---True friend--Crush-- Im screwed.
Hahahaha!n Just found this ... CLASSIC!
it was lousy. The resistance was not even through the range of motion. Never tried Bowflex.
Last night I was at the Denver Improv,tonight the comedy store in Hollywood,tomorrow thru Sunday I'm at the comedy cave in Canada!
Feel like we've been very quiet for a while! How is everyone doing?
How the crap do I change my password!?:0
Follow me us on twitter
I want some earings...
hahah! Thank goodness Mariah was there to help! ;)
By the way all #'s are "unofficial" since the only thing worse then my spelling is my math! :)
SOO. DO YOU LIKE ONE DIRECTION? LOL
It's going to be an incredible car, that is for sure.
thanks:D no strangers k?:)
hm, might have to actually go to the store to check out... Gap fits me inconsistently.
“: Worlds will be on ESPNU at 10 am EST time tomorrow.”
aw he is an awesome guy! Tweet me or text me and remind you to put you on the list.
LaMar Miller is a beast!
That akward moment when u go to certain laredo bars. See a girl u like & u say to them "Can I see some ID"
So awesome seeing on here!
Anyone going to the gaame?
A car drives into the Silver Creek Metro Park Lake, killing the female driver! I'm live at the park on at 6!!
Oh yeah! They were setting up for that today!
Meanwhile in Gville the Gators are dominating in every aspect of life.
If you don't have any plans for the weekend, we'd love to have you join us at the Mind Tripping Show at the
And this-->Q4 Creating relationships w/students so they feel comfortable coming back to you when they need help. RT
the blogs were hot yesterday talking about her dating a woman, when in reality, its nobodys business
friggin chillin now that im done with classes for the year! woo!
WTF UR KIDDING I WAS TOO ! -__- go look at my fb!?
Read-through of comedy sketch script for Sketch 22: 3 minutes. Halfway there. 19 hours and 14 minutes 'til show time.
Hope the lakers continue to get slapped
i keep getting these 'looking for sex' ads following me, i block them all and they keep coming! aghh wtf!?!
Lot's of sore legs from last night! I'm not going to get any e-cards today.
Patriots sack of Manning is huge for them.
Look! and Meryl Streep had a baby together!
Txt me
A phrase I'm tired of reading: "coveted A rating." As opposed to what? All those uncoveted A ratings?
i am in sf, no car so i can get to san jose for that one
hey Madison! You should come back out to Chi town missin you Boyz !
Thanks for the retweet sir! Shall we catch up over a bottle of scotch when you return to L.A.?
Of course it wasn't bad! Actually came up twice.I have a friend that should REALLY attend your event next wk..up-and-coming band...
I'm in Mass working on new material. Experimenting is so much fun!! Keeping it fresh ya know <U+E405>
i def come away with some wins. haha
no need when the community college + high schools are happy to print for us at cost with 30,000 machines - if need we will buy though
I saw a 6 year old boy dancing were i used to dance
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks to all who have served in our armed forces! You help make it possible for me to do what I love.
...+ expresses the dynamism of your research. Ultimately, also means you have multiple resources to access during the grant.
Cody Simpsons going to be at the state fair !!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I keep misreading Eva Longloria & Evan Langloria,,, and mis-spelling as well..
Happy #Humpday everybody! Almost the weekend, what are you getting into today?
I completely understand! I felt the same way and then I found so many people who lack the knowledge and willingness to make...
Chuck D: When you teach people about black music, which is American music, you teach them American history.
My mother judges people too much.
": Had a great lunch - the fried banana cheesecake was delish! - thanks "thanks for coming!!!!!
Tweeting in all caps?
your grammar is gooder than mine!
#everyonehasthat1familymember whose secretly adopted
Hi there! I'm stalking...um...I meant, following you. lol
I could go on...
lol you a mess , why are you networking in school ?
why am i still up?
Boomgarden takes the first set over Schnarr, 6-1. Hogendorn is giving Rodgers all he can handle in the other No. 1 singles semifinal.
... What's two years? He's the same maturity as some seniors I know.
loll where are you from
Yeah!! Screw school!
I don't eat swine, and I did tell ya ass a while ago.
Happy birthday have a great one [:
I don't want to see Kasey Kahne in a bikini...
does anyone use flavors.me?
Sadly, George Lindsey (Goober) from The Andy Griffin Show has died at 83 in Nashville, TN.
while ABC's #Bunheads doesn't really entice me, im really looking forward to watching the CW's
5 MORE BELIEBERS PLEASE GO FOLLOW ---> THEY FOLLOW BACK!!!
Congrats on your new venture! Also you look like Ron Swanson and that is a good thing. :)
Have to bring it every game no matter who's on the other side, relax and you spend the afternoon thinking what could have happened.
RT : 15 million US kids have a psychiatric or learning disorder. We #SpeakUpforKids to ensure they get help.
I can please only one person per day. *Today is not your day.*Tomorrow, isn't looking good either.
Porkchips, bacon, and ham-hawks, H.A.M. I am.
Thank you so much!!(:
That is good to hear my grace-Tyrion Lannister is so awesome. I want to slap the King just like his mother did, bastard, HA!
UofL-UK football game moved to Sunday, Sept. 2 at 3:30 on ESPN
We hope we see more of you! Glad you enjoyed the
No problem, and thanks for coming on a food tour!
Playing a session on , while and play Mario Kart. I tried to do both at the same time, but play was worse
Brand Advocates Are Hot Again [INFOGRAPHIC] Part One: Who are advocates and why they matter. Brand advocates are hot and trending
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Sonicare Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
nope bae I ain't get no text.
I'm down! Trying to do more business with Nigerian recording artists. I really dig the music coming from that part of the world.
not true Tony! i just plain old suck at paying attn to the internet;) how've you been?
Coffee became more popularly accepted after it was deemed an agreeable Christian drink by Pope Clement VI in 1600.
Celebrated 21 years with my honey yesterday! Looking for 21 more years of adventure!!
what??:D
Empty words, empty promises
Goo Goo has on my blouse! Yeah, I can be a stylist too! LOL!
Red Line flashmob Thurs 2/16 5pm at Central & Fleet wear something red come on and ride!
In VB. A race my little cousin really wanted me to do w/ him. He twisted my arm. Ha. Kidding.
I know it's hard to remember, the people we used to be... It's even harder to picture that you're not here next to me.
what's the deal with money, I mean hey!
What is my life? -_-
Am honored! RT Taking care of some bloggy things so I can go finish Housewife Assassin's Handbook!
Lmfao. I did most of it.
they just called lol
Gary Houston had me in tears :'(
That Jimmy Carter remark is a perfect example of why Romney is so easy to dislike
Yours?? Luv to hear from you
totally envious!! Are You Ready?
Test tomorrow!
In our annual tradition, our sales staff will be dressing up for Halloween! We'll be in costume this Saturday. Can you guess who we'll be?
Often we don't realize the consequences our actions have on others. If your decision affects another, be aware of that & act accordingly.
Love that show. When does your ep air?
chloe is such a flawless dancer! i would love to come see her perform next competition in chicago, im there! (:
The fact that there is a plant that looks like a bird is just awesome!
Finally watching the #sheenroast!
Finally made it home.... Relaxing now. Ice skating tonight
Hey tweeps, in your opinion, what's Rick Ross' hottest verse to date?
shambles shambles shambles.
Southwest is the chinatown bus of the air
I like to imagine JaVale and Pam McGee celebrate Mother's Day by driving wrong way through fast food drive-thru windows, glaring at folks
for a moment i almost felt like someone loved me
Thanks for coming out! What was your fave?
Last day in Anaheim, then a break from the travel marathon.
nice to meet you too
no i put cold water on my face now im awake. XD
Hey please follow and retweet me!!!<3 thanks even though u will never ever in a million years see thins=(
Hey - are you on the East Coast?
Spongebob fans? -A
Looks really good - I'm jealous!
We are now ! Same great staff, same outstanding programs. Follow us at for all the latest.
At this time tomorrow Albert and Matt will be hitting back-to-back homers!!! Positive thinking!
Always cool to see how much you really can do with HTML5 and JavaScript
no shit! i agree
The first guy to pledge a staff free of advisors from goldman/sachs, fannie/freddie, and other wallstreet scum.... gets my vote!
feels like a true homeowner again -- he mowed the lawn.
Jesus christ this girl beside me smells like ass
Every year I try to reach goals I didn't reach the year before. My rise is a slow and steady one, but I'm rising nonetheless
we're going together !
April 15, 1976 - Remodeled Yankee Stadium opens. The Yankees beat the Minnesota Twins 11-4.
Dude watering his grass in the rain.. Wtf
Everyone's SHOCKED and simultaneously hating on SHOCKey. I guess I'm the only one thinking that's kind of funny & ridiculous...
however, Michael, the Steelers are also in the clubhouse with 6 Lombardis...
Recreate your first date together. Try to incorporate as many details as you can: clothes, place, etc. Spend the evening reminiscing and...
C-USA conf call @ 230pm w/Commish Banowsky. We'll have a full recap afterwards.
love this. thank you for setting a wonderful example for artists all over the world.
“Practice being excited.”
everybody go follow ! she's following back!
Stop act'n like a clown,this aint no free show.
thanks man! Thanks for the RT too
I don't know. I just thought first dates would be simple and easy.
That's sort of what drives any company's safety policies.
RT #huguely's roommate, Kevin Carroll, is now on the witness stand
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.
Uh huh
hell yeah bro. This my second pair. Lemme know if anybody want em.
It gives me life!
Thanks for using ShowClix!!! Have a wonderful #NYE at Light's All Night!
Bellingham, WA couple sentenced in connection w alien harboring & illegal employment."Such conduct cannot be tolerated"
#snow again in #Denver, are your #kids warm enough today?
heard from my lovey love... so good to hear his voice.
Bummer :( How's your world treating you??
Congrats, and nice pic! Uluru, I presume? Looks like a few Aussie pigeons have decided to help you celebrate.
yeah, it was my first day at SHS, and I came home and my mom was like "Doom?"
I now raise my glass to you baby
Crowd is going wild for Lilly Goodman
I'm going banana pancakes right now :( ah Jeff!!
I re-sealed it for Madison to open. <U+E415><U+E103>
On my drive home from grand junction I'm finally with in range of 1043 the manning! #cutthatmeat!
just have to make decisions about which hotel. I'm gonna look some more this weekend and I'll email you guys some options so we
#realtalk are you TRYING to hurt my feelings? no tramp stamp, just a stamp.
not quite cinco de mayo yet... I'm just preparing myself ;)
If you feel my Unfollow was in error, pls DM me. Just did a lot of Twitter house-cleaning.
I know, right?! They don't come to MPLS that often!
Come 2 Craft Show ! RT : Due to the inclement weather, Earth Day events at the Zoo are cancelled.
YEA THEY ARE!!
Julia just asked me what twitter was . . . Idontknww if she was being for real or joking
so weird being at home right now.. #usuallywithmybf #needsalife lol
The creative concept you spend the most time on and feel the most confident in is the one the client will reject at a glance.
you do like to drink.
Do you enjoy nude body surfing?
and rocking in manhattan tonight!!! ReCoup Lounge 210 Rivington Street New York, N.Y. 10002 9pm
mobile services was the bookmobile for a long, long time
Last minute show tomorrow night Brick Bar with buds Hotdog Skeletons. This will be fun. Honest.
dude that was weeks ago! You better not be bringing something new into the station!!
It sucks that I have been up for awhile. I am still on MN time.
Damn fake sports bars. Go KINGS!!!!!!
The Toulouse killer is still in a stand off with police. Hasn't it been over 24 hours? Why can't the french police just go in and get him!
I'm reeeaaaalllll tired of losing to Michigan State
It looks like your RN Badges are coming today! Will you take pics and tag on FB? facebook.com/janetlover
The Warehouses is a new venue in Santee, CA
I said when u were in Colo Spgs 2003 & I met u - YOU ARE A NATIONAL TREASURE - 4 what u do 4 troops/country.
We are supporting the Englewood Fire Department on tonight's show!
3 minutes into the day and I already feel like an idiot
FINALLY, Tampa/St. Pete gets da rain!!
aw wow your not having a good week
Shedding tears right now watching this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Xmas Tweets: Wife is laughing like Krusty the Clown. So I'm eating like Homer.
It's a manchester orchestra kind of day.
I think all those work for me if you can do 9:30am. Graze works for me, unless you have another nearby preference.
Register for business event of Spring: Fri 5/11 5 pm Clipper Stadium. Incl. networking, food, speaker, cash bar, ballgame...
sitting at home so I can do something tomorrow night! Haha
wait what? What excruciating pain?
Choosing to be single isn't selfish, it's just smarter to be alone than with the WRONG person.
how u goona pass up on a dodger game!
Tomorrow will be EPIC!
I picked you up after ten minutes. I didn't even leave the parking lot.
#MillionHoodies march 4 #TrayvonMartin. So powerful. Trayvon's mother spoke. A woman w/ a "Remember Emmett Till" pin listened. Cops watched.
where's the green
G+ employee!!! That's hilarious
lol. Cause he saw these tweets !
Yeah no lie! And if you did omgzzzz I would die.xD haha
Also interested in anyone who would like to share their gardening tips and perhaps write a feature for us!!
Moving so slowly today. I wish I had bought more maté when I finished mine off last month. I need some get-up-and-go!
Home at last. Been a long week, but a good one!
What on Earth are you talking about?? Freebies?? I was freaked last night & tired today.
When is the last time you just sat and talked with someone? Face to face; no.cell phones, no lap tops, just conversation.
I get off work at 11
Are these Phoenix normal announcers? Could they pretend to be impartial?
David Fricke of Rolling Stone in the house @ Continental Club ... Mike Mills & Chuck Prophet somewhere ...
I feel the same way :)
Had the time of my life w/my bf invitational
You too,, got home..so now the day is automatically better :)
#Insolvency for #Medicare is 2024; #SocialSecurity is 2033; SS #Disability 2016. Will & Congress ignore? RT
I'll be bombing around Austin for most of the afternoon and into the evening tomorrow with our new threads. Tweet at me!
Sitting home on a Saturday with kids hope everyone else enjoys their weekend........mood....bored
rawr! Wherever that is - I'm cool with that :)
I cant stand kids that think its okay to take my kids toys. Lets Teach
Mario Andretti looks like he just came out of the freezer. Scary shit.
Yes, I've heard a rumor about a certain national holiday tomorrow. You & ;o)
It IS popping!
Senior Week is a good thing.
Why can't I have one of those productive types of insomnia?
what do you think they can get for him? Wish they could get a redskins offer
wow i love Starbucks this is a awesome cake
Wow the Euro sinks to $1.30....par by Christmas?
lsu > bama. going diesel on them tomorrow!
Looking fwd to seeing and beat the timbers tomorrow. Hope to get autograph sumday too.
For sure, trying it out now
It must have been 80's morning on 98.9 Liberty. Every song was 80's. Felt like I was playing Vice City.
(Oh, and the show is this Saturday.)
we love you too...I think we should all show up to Mittens events with scissors ;-))
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of it for someone else. - Benjamin Franklin
why thank you :)
I have been listening to the Disney Pandora station for 7 hours straight.. I'm ready for The Lion King now !!
YEAH BABY!!!
Right on point #in RT ": The 3 A's of metrics (and Data) Actionable, Auditable, Accessible. #bizforum"
I was baaaaddd last night. Shit got weird real quick
Check out our new logo!
Thanks for the mention!
Join us on our spacious patio at 7:30pm for tonight's showing of Tombstone! We'll be offering free popcorn as well as our full menu!
of course she does...
looks great! Can't wait to see it when you guys reopen!
Agree! : Tech staff at was really on the ball and knowledgeable.
my friend Bob is. He has been conservative for a long time, but he wasn't pro-union until he became a cop.
And I wont make that mistake again
Apparently the sole purpose of Facebook is to tell you what your friends are listening to on Spotify.
"Did u realize that you were a champion in their eyes - Yes I did, so I packed it up and brought it back to the crib"
#ThingsWomenWant A New House In Southern California in this nice weather With beautiful people
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana we as bananas
The Strangling Rose, or something like that. ;-)
: Want to have SW ATL info? Keep your watercraft (ship, yacht, dugout canoe, bamboo raft) docked on the "island."
THE COUNCIL tonight at Bus Stop. Belgium and booze from 9 to 2.
#1DMix933 choose me please :-)
Everyone follow doin his thang great music
I break for insurrection.
Jajajaj i feel naked. And have "9 new mentions"
Ugh bitch you make me sick!
you're welcome. Same to you.
yes I'll go on a manhunt
That's alarming; considering I pretty much count bacon as a food group. Study seems weak tho, ie no accting for BMI or diabetes.
Nothing like a splash of hot coffee in the eye to wake one up in the morning (maybe not set the cup down so hard next time?)
welcome to CLE! Its almost always sunny here. Lets go drink some limomcello in Little Italy!
I got all of those wrong, and Best Actor & Actress wrong. Praying they don't cost me the pool title.
Do us a favor #FF Thank you kindly.
than you'll love my songs :)
We made it. Living the urban life now in Ft Worth. Couldn't have don't it amazing parents/in-laws. Extremely thankful for them.
i like 2 follow ppl from milwaukee
Phil Keisling from PSU is here talking about Medical Reform
hey. I will check with BOE and get back to ya.
the only disadvantage to being super excited and motivated all the time is that you don't really get much sleep!
Tim Tebow reminds me of the Brendan Fraser character from the movie Blast from the Past.He may not be a good QB but, he is for real.
yes this is ridiculous.
LeeAnn Lands of : universities need to incentivize and acknowledge community engagement
Aw dang, thanks ": kasher quoted your article onstage, not angry "
27th. RT “: Where do you put Wilt's 100 point game among the greatest records in the history of sports?”
OK .... CAN YOU HELP ME???!!! CUZ I WANNA TELL HIM THIS HE IS VOTED FOR BEST HOT GUY AND VOTE PLZ
Ah shit happens. I'm good though. I've done without for a year I can keep on truckin'.
In other news, there's currently a giant cow statue in the middle of the mall.
noo phone. ah.
Continually amazed... or is it amused? Or confused? Probably a little of all three....
Fuck the giants
Don't forget to sign up for the Mayor's Spring Cleanup. The cleanup is Saturday, April 21. Call 311 to register.
Greetings on the Sunday of the Blind Man!
Bout 2 get this Lil run n
Remembering CC on this sad day. Watched C-span of folks reading names of the deceased by the beautiful waterfalls at the memorial.
I usually pee with no hands too.
My cat has the hiccups :-)
Find out the economic factors at play in private equity and how they impact exit strategies. Join this webinar for free:...
He's stolen and screwed up every game I own because he has an action replay but lost his games.
tweeting at work? You're so naughty! Come home! I need you now xxoo
Iron Bridge Wine Company last night ringing in the New Year. Good company with several members of the Fauquier Chamber.
Happy Chocolate Day today? Now, that's a day worth celebrating! :D
follow back homie?
It's Spaghetti Pie 2.2 time!
where are my pics at?
Welcome to twitter! Get a picture up when you can - people are suspicious of those sans avatars.
Make more money by adding hair extensions to your services or buy our Invsi-weft hair & brand it with your own name! Email
Bouta sharpen my image up got a big girl interview tomorrow @ a Nissan dealership!
I'd rather have someone who -shows- me they care than someone who just says it <3
This whole having track at 8:30 everyday is really annoying
there you look beautiful with that smile! I've been good, had a tough day too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Happy Leap Year! An Extra Day to Assist Our Clients!
let's argue about politics. It's about time.
#RHOAReunion a gay guy Marlo Really ?
#Knicks lose this I'm punching
Next thing you know, White Castle will be serving Angus chili. Oh, wait.
Aw your welcome!Maybe we will see each other soon ! I hope you had fun! & btw I filmed them singing and im putting it on ytube
what the fuck just happened with my twitter
« I ain't perfect but, I'm loyal.»
Oh thank you =)
if the #49ers dont play AT LEAST, GREAT defense, they will not win.
No worries, its all good.
I think it's quite possible that I'm just not a very effective user of Twitter.
Truth is...NONE of them honestly serve the PEOPLE anymore, so you're bitching about the wrong things! ;)
lol EWW I miss you to(:
Didn't realize Mel Tucker (new Jax Jags HC) went to ! Go Jags!
of course! Thanks for all your help and hard work on our beautiful website.
That's very considerate of you!!! :)
“: Wade was talking crazy to spo!!!!! He gets no respect” swear hes a bitch nigga
did yo video work ?
I probably could have counted those days but i was worried.
Good soccer morning fellows!
#SaintFrancis. 4 years of that place and now I can move onto what's gunna be some of the most difficult days of my life waiting ahead.
please rt my #shutter foundry tweets.
I think it's time to reincarnate princessjennytx.... Look out tweeps guess who is back & better than ever!!!!!
dat show is way b4 yo time
#PRODUCTIONTIPS Mixing with Headphones: Avoiding Disaster
Pimp me? Pretty please? I'm just looking for friends/family to roleplay with.
Watched baseball season opener from Miami. Not sold on the Marlins new stadium. Way too much lime green and the statue in CF? Hideous!
Makx Dekkers - sharing is important. Librarians know this but others still learning why this is so
Stewart on Stewart
Have a great Friday everyone! Don't forget it's #NationalEatWhatYouWantDay so choose wisely. ;)
Wonderful. But you should get Swing Zone #1. That's where it starts. Love Mia in that story.
it wouldn't appear to be in today's #GOP; primary results in evidence.
Design for Change (DFC) RT : What was the PBL / student led project website you shared that TIES earlier this year?
let me troll in peace lol
not smart. The difference between going #10 ($1.8M) and #30 ($800k) is huge and theyre basically locked into that for 4 yrs.
I was thinking about making Mountain Dew cake now. I guess I don't give a shit about my pool bod. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
#angryboys is just to freakin hilarious! Best new comedy out hands down.
Great video to start flexreceipts presentation...
hoping my knee feel better soon so i can run the #rocknroll #half in #DC this weekend!!! ugh
can't wait to do this panel with you and , , Let me know when your ready
Last #Friday #real #estate word unscramble was #mortgage - 2day's WORD: gciolsn HINT: transfer. Have a great #Labor Day Weeknd!
There may be, but I can always be your DD
COMING SOON! We're going to be having a Name That Tune contest. Stay tuned for details!
Like <3 iF You Want Me To Make You Your Own Personal Fan Sign <3
Sparkle "Be Careful"
Hush. HTML is fantastic, simple, and hand coding is the only way to go :-P
think your cool???
Someone tell me of I'm living in a dream!
#FollowFriday The best ride in the city.
excited to see it
DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! DO IT! Literally cannot wait. <3
Doubt God exists? Two words:"Amen Corner". "...not even Solomon in all his splendor was dressed like one of these." Luke 12:27NIV
Thinking about starting some "monthly" podcasts and have two in mine. Looking for some co-hosts. Would anybody be interested in joining me?
Collection development tip: give Penguin complete security by boycotting purchase of anything they publish whenever possible.
nice job. Seriously. Already looking forward to next year.
just say haiiii(:
Yeah, he has to be 'cleaned' every now and then due to mold growths and such. Best preserved body next to mummies.
thought for sure you were hiding somewhere in the corner giggling...
our 3 song demo is in the mail! Who is running the Crayola Haus these days?
I miss my sister I miss tellin her everything, gettin a reality check n gettin honest non-bias advice from her. Come Home!
You so crazy, lol
"I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready!"
Wow! Looks like Jules Verne. : )
you will enjoy it.
I meant for the men. The women broke all kinds of records.
Very good news - CNN Poll: #Obama approval rating back to 50% mark for the first time in more than eight months.
I want her to like my friend though XD.
I just put nutmeg on my spaghetti -____- on accident
An App That's Got Your Back. This is a must for anyone who travels a lot or is is out late in unfamiliar or even familiar places...
Haha that didn't even make sense.
How do you step out of the traditional curatorial box and think differently about what curating can mean?
Thanks for the #ff mention Cheers to you from the band and
Fly to the UK in March! Whole rows to yourself, excellent service and ambien (ok maybe I brought the ambien)
will be at Barnes & Noble, Tanasbourne PDX on 9/25 at 1 pm & giving away some great new baby products!
When's the RHS graduation?
loves her Smith Publicity client
Getting chills thinking about this IU/UK game today! Let's go #Hoosiers!
Happy New Years to me.
recovered the pics of #rogerclemens i took in '05 just before he yelled at me! gotta watermark these bad boys & try to market a few...
": Twitter is the reassurance of how stupid people are." Just like 's #JerseyShore : )
if ur in NY then we should b around the same time
Oh no!
Thanks Nicole! It's going to be a great year for both of us!:)
when is the video for the iconic boyz back to school gunna be up on youtube and if it is where
am i the only person sick of #SecretLife?
Rise and shine! Happy Monday Milwaukee!
curious to know your thoughts. At least they used "1st gen canadian" rather than "1st gen immigrant."
Abraham Lincoln's statement "When I hear a man preach, I like to see him fight bees," meaning, with gestures of earnestness, which has alway
well which boston are you thinking of ? Aha and hey x
When I'm at Home On a School Day, I Look At The Clock And Think, "Haa! Those B*tches Are In Math class
I hate myself for not doing part of this assignment in the past two weeks and saving in the night before its due
I really wanna dye my hair red again for summer
I'm so sorry that I chould not follow up your tweets... I really want to... Damn it!
Remind me to call you next time I need manual labor at a conference ;-)
Please join me with saxophonist Chris Greene on Tuesday March 27 at the Jazz Showcase as we merge our 2 bands for a blowout concert 8 pm
time to bless the softball diamond again
You are a true gourmand! I thought it was all a ruse.
It's funny that you're getting a slushier.
super down! :3
I didn't know there were that many phallic shaped foods and I have a dirty mind..
We're actually closed Mondays. How does Tuesday sound?
which muslims are you talking to?
#RIPANGEL you will be missed pretty girl :(
it's been a while! I have a new account going, it's :) please follow my other account :) thanks!
no, thank you for all you do for us and for our community!!
You may want to give a follow. The wittiness is definitely peaking as it prepares for the big show.
Artificial or live tree?
Want your hot chocolate w/o the guilt? Use skim milk and no sugar added Nestle's Quik for a yummy cold weather treat.
Ugh, if it rains anymore the house is going to just up and float away....
Just saw Towson University covered on ESPN for all the wrong reasons...extending their Division I Mens Basketball losing streak to 40 games!
B you're self Shid everybody else is taken
#fridayreads The Romance of the Forest
: I'll wager the League of Extraordinary Gent + Dorian Gray + vampire mashup will occur sometime in our futures.
“: Sorry. Why do I LOSE everything” story of my life mags
Ehh my boo said he got a big ass he wishes c;
One Direction & Latinas.
It might when empty. Imagine being a rock inside a beer can. Not a fun ride.
I learned grounding techniques today from a singer friend of mine who does sound healing. Amazing what the voice can do.
We have some watermelon. *ponders* ;) RT : i want some fruit salad
love that feeling!! :)
I think I need glasses I keep seeing two faced people ...
Line out the door at #Chipotle, walked straight to the front for my bowl. Love smartphones and online ordering
Happy Leap Day! Have you taken a leap forward to your goal of becoming a nurse? Call us today (888) 682-2761 to learn about the ABSN Program
if you need any guests for your podcast maybe you could help us promote our film this summer when it's available
#RT If it's your birthday today.
Dreamt that I was shot to death last night. Gotta stop watching #Justified before bed.
wow, there are some fucked up cat noises going on outside my house
for sure! You should see it and we can compare over twitter! Cross country critics!
I seen a boy cry for the lost of his father all because of Bs. #LiveResponsibly Never know how u can affect ppl or how they can affect u.
#highered #web Design program for Athletics sites: Italic Sans-Serif outline fonts, drop shadows, photo backgrounds, lots of black. MY EYES!
one is very strong minded & one is a straight BOSS! BOTH are very successful!
Chelsea takes the lead!
#1ofmyflaws I eat too much
from 375 to 795 these r truly hand crafted by me sold only by me services by me
I dig that my students feel comfortable enough to disagree with me from time to time.
Damn Whitney Houston passed away. Another legend is gone.
Boylan Heights is the best restaurant on the Corner. Discuss.
All your wonderful notes congratulating me on 594 in USBC Open singles have been overwhelming; couldn't have without you or my crazy skill.
Well, that was a fun series. NOT
If it is not remarkable, it is invisible.
Thank you WPA supporter, Katherine, for her 6-word story: "Learning to love no matter what!" Submit your stories to .
I know it! SO busy! Lots of exciting projects on our plate. I guess that's not a bad thing. How about you?
goon squad bondingg
no sir you know that :p
Peyton Manning is a class act.
At one point I want to learn to dance...(Hip hop, none of that tap dance or ballerina stuff -.-)
i have a play to be studding but not know
All you Niggas better leave the state, no need to masturbate, fucking with Biggie it's time to castrate.
courtside at the sixers game watching the heat blow them out
About To Make The Mixtape Cover For Martian Muzik
Gotta loose few pounds before the - after the show - the best soul food on the planet, m
Client also said "BIW enabled close collaboration of project team working from London, Edinburgh, Princeton, Washington and San Francisco"
:-( RT : It's about to get real up in here. Just got a sit rep sent to my email from the state about the weather.
27 hours without electricity, kinda sux...
lol glad no was there
The word 'swag' sounds like an alternative to douching.
Geoff's at Pangaea, Ryan's at Dad's and the T7 Tap Room is open tonight. Three places to grab Track 7 tonight!
I forgot to mention #HappyFridayEve!
Why are snakes hard to fool ? They have no legs to pull !
damn, loo! His name is Sincere!
Today: brainstorm a new logo for myself. Need updated biz cards, and obviously the new site. Busy, busy, busy.
At the Visual Studio 2010 Launch in Arlington - line for dudes in the bathroom after each presentation - no wait for women.
Hey everyone if you update to Sneakerology 2.0 and you like it, leave a cool review in itunes. thanks
Use code: TVHEADZ at the check out and get a 15% off any shirt. Awesome shirts for less than $20.00! Stay tuned! -The TV.
Laura Bradley singing BOTH American and Canadian national anthems at tonite's Heat/Rapter game (but cheering for Miami!)
Attention Account Execs ->. RT : It is better to have less thunder in the mouth and more lightning in the hand. - Apache
thanks Susan God takes care of little things. He was closing pitcher.
#trust - will you be breakdancing?
Just caught your interview with Rose and Millar from the beginning of Rangers series. HILARIOUS stuff. Go O's!
this season in particular with the Packers schedule
#ItSeemsLike life always finds a way to teach you the lessons you need to learn.
Fucked up LOL: Blackberry is like the little engine that could....only app they got is the Bible...and who reads that”
oh crap. this is really going to mess up my compass.
~can you give us a hint. is this song upbeat like why wait for slow like here comes goodbye? can't wait for the album & single
Parking at kac now so I have spot for when the maac champs get home
that is a solid 18 or 19 inches man!! hahaha!
Went back to bed after Cami went to school. I'm so tired that I could honestly sleep all day. Gonna force myself to get in gear and run.
I love waking up to my sons smiles and Giggles :)
Picking up Katie from JFK later! My Topcat is coming to visit!
today is his birthday and I wasn't able to do it... SO sorry!
Weirdest version of "Material Girl" I've ever heard
Sweet gherkins! I'm not sure if I should pretend to ignore or call the police on these noises from the apartment upstairs...
alright you've got me...
How's Thursday going?
Obama raises $3.1 mil and assures Spike Lee that his money "will be fine" after taxes.
Congrats to all the new meteorologists RT : RT I can now officially call myself a meteorologist!
Thanks...It is such an evil disease.
52 miles to Norman
Long time, no talk. ha, where do you see Richardson being drafted in Fantasy drafts next year? :)
Kay good !
I hope you can too!
When we start something that is really good for us, God meets us and helps us keep it going. Break some old habits and start some good ones.
my dad just got twitter lol..
yeah dass right , you clean up after me. And thats how its gonna be.
Truth is, I act all strong and confident outside but inside I'm dying for that one boy to come and set my actually personality free ...
Yay. Just met from q 106 :)
Texas & Americana Music roots go really deep, so let's keep watering it. Growth is a beautiful thing.
wow, if that isn't blatant use of ownership just trying to make money instead of sound football decisions, i dunno what is.
Getting ready for half hour run and yoga after that :)
I really want a job like now!!
RECIPE: Princess Meringue Cake
And sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together. Real Talk Im just saying!
I want to !!! ": Evelyn and Cam Newton are hosting Club Play tonight on South Beach tonight, is anybody going?"
Thanks for the follow! Honor us with your presence :)
Itz Saturday....80 degreez....off work...pocket full of $$$...whip shining...Time 2 Head Downtown!!
Why miss out on the fun. You deserve to have a good time.
It's not how far you fall, it is definitely how high you bounce!
Happy Mother’s Day! “Mother’s hold their children’s hand for a short while, but their hearts forever.” – Unknown
WAIT. Is your real name chris or am i stupid..?
... Shane, I'll cheer on your behalf!
Craig, it's sounds like you are inviting everyone. That might not work unless there is a LOT of ice scream.
Yup i hit em on fbee
C-A-P-S Caps Caps Caps!
Lol you said do it
#Genius is fantastic!I use with SFDC and integration is simple.Very cost effective.Easy tools,tracker is key.DM me for more.
man i need shade,and a vacae
Thank you for following.
so close to getting my username right :)
is blowing up twitter like an atomic bomb
GOOD NIGHT ALL SCHOL IN THE AM.. TILL TOMORROW PEACE OUT!!
if I say it was there will you give me free tickets? seriously tho, Papadosio and Deaf Scene was awesome! more jam/funk plz
I am getting the resume looking pretty!
Its gone. My perfect dress is sold out. I found it online last night and was going to buy it today. Awful... terrible no good VERY BAD DAY
:) I hope it turns out well. Fear is creeping in about now.
I dare you to get a leash and take your cat out for a walk
spare another energy bar today?
whoa that's horrible! Where r u from?
I missed my 9k tweet. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
god night :) xx
My "80's Awesomeness" playlist on Spotify is ah-mazing.
I might be able to help.
I be searching up shit they dont teach us in school.
I would but my roommate is making dinner. I was jut trying make you feel guilty. ;)
Hair in the City is moving...moving...moving! Stay tuned for more details. Ph# stays the same: 690.0252 www.hairinthecity.me
WHERE DO YOU WANT TO RETIRE? Investment opportunities in HAWAII... LIMITED space AVAILABLE! PRICES ARE RIGHT!
#bluejackets lose again. Unreal, they had it all but locked up.
He's struggling today but it's amazing to watch him grind even when the knuckler isn't working.
You know theirs going to be a problem when a girl says i love you on the first date!
Never let down on faith because even through the hardest times I promise you He will be there confidence is so powerful
Oh, i hate all my teachers!!!
Give your heart a break <3
Paper = done ...and a half hour before my target time
CMU, EMU, WMU, U of M, MSU, LIONS, and TIGERS all had victories this weekend. wow.
TRAFFIC: EB Belt @ Todd Dr: Disabled vehicle on the right side of the road with police at the scene - some delays
I'm ready for spring training!!!!!
Is all wet from an outdoor soccer nike shoe testing. Brrrrr!
can't wait till #BOYFRIEND comes out!! dying to hear it :D
How do you do what?
I'll take that company any day. :) RT : great minds think alike eh? Cc
All I do is vibe to young jeezy
The best way to stab someone in the back is to get behind them.
Happy Bday Ms. Lady!!
Beethoven's 5 Secrets - OneRepublic (Cello/Orchestral Cover) - The Piano...: via
Danielle follow back lady
That's not what the song means, idiot.
Good luck Arlington Fight Team Fighters fighting this weekend
hope it's all good little brother... Keep on keepin on
TV hits and misses on Canadian networks - Vancouver Sun
Good nite D.
Wish I cared... Wait, no I don't.
I keep on runnin' keep on runnin'
Thanks for this link! This was the exact same search I was going to do on if I ever got around to it. Hah!
in 15 years of teaching tonight was one of the best rehearsals I have seen with youth ANIMAL FARM THIS WEEKEND THIS IS MIND BENDING WORK
You're a dork. One of the many reasons why I love you and your music.
what a good episode of #criminalminds tonite ... flashback an profiling 101 (episode name)
oh i thought him since he was fast at running
Direct quote from "I love fricking Twitter." Truly a woman in the right job.
I will thanks ^^ did u hear Taec hurt him self in Japan :"(
I Dot even know how but I saw that shit.
Cool tattoo, good conversation , I love this job...
On the grind. Working on ptn
Get Your Rocks Off with Stones Tribute Jumpin' Jack Flash w/ Tobacco Road 2nite-$5 - 10PM - 21+
Gonna be 1 busy ass day!!
what's up
Aww thank you :)
Hi, Alan. I just recently was introduced to Dubli and heard your presentation with John Cini. I'd Like to talk with you if you have time.
Nice to meet you guys on Saturday ! Cheers!
There's a child rapist in front of my building, either that or they're seriously sellin' ice cream today.
Hey Friends! #Follow A #Fun #AdultClub for everyone in #DTLA or visiting from #OuttaTown We recommend this
got a super tan... it hurts
Thanks for sharing.
Countdown to January 15, 2012 - 104 years of Service to ALL MANKIND! First Ladies of the Century Club - Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc.
I don't need your water. I'm an independent woman. Easy solution.
Even youths grow tired & weary. Even young men stumble & fall. But those who trust in the lord will renew their strength.
The Rangers just made these last 50 seconds A LOT more interesting.
I'm up for it. And if not #airAustin next year, perhaps #airSF in collaboration with later in the year?
by showing him some love on twitter and telling him I sent you (wink wink) lol
“: awesome looking forward to meet you all!
HE'S MAKING ME TALK ABOUT THE THING WTF DO I DO? He's legit trying to convince me we weren't drunk Cassidy.
Off to meetings and more meetings. CLosing out the end of the year..the beauty of owning companies
Is American Idol...""rigged"? How can Micheal be voted off.,then saved by the judges..and then make it thru the next week when two are gone.
Mr. Darcy and Elizabeth Bennett of course!
Scumbag Move by Phil Martelli for sure, funny how no philly writers or have said ANYTHING. COVERUP 4 A BUDDY
Fair use is a legal defense. #masslib12 (cc: )
:( i wanna go back to myrtle beach!
“We must become the change we want to see.” -Mahatma Gandhi
Yes, people need to realize that society itself, and its perceptions, change over time, which influence the rate of diagnosis.
You want tru that's tru enough.
Somebody pinch me! I just had Ming Tsai's Foie Gras Dumpling.
#MufasaDidntDieFor the Lakers to be losing to them Palace of Auburn Hills playin faggots
damn u hood hop'n. Lol. I went 2 Garfield
are you on sodmg right now of is that shit fake ?
But is it weird Best Actor nominee Demián Bichir brought his mom AND his girlfriend to the #oscars...where'd he score the extra ticket?
k call ya around 5 EST :)
She must be mad at me. ha Ole well (lights up a muthafuckin blunt)
cool! Who u on tour with now?
boy, I could use some of those good eats right about now!! Send me some!!
NeNe's -- go for both breakfast AND dinner. Promise you won't be disappointed. Also Snook Inn, Little Bar, and DaVinci's .
just got Eventide Time factor pedal a few weeks ago.. Unbelivable sundI'll look into this other Eventide pedal you talk abut
Yea that one is nice
Diamonds are FOREVER! She my bitch Forever!
haha! Pulling up to my internship!
I would
Nothing is more American than, Tax Evasion.
We were supposed to get Metrorail from downtown to the Turnpike but the county never started so the Feds took the money back.
It was so great to see you on Sunday. We'd love to plan a NoVA trip soon. Is there a weekend day that might work well for you?
i hate shitty weed dealers
Stop CISPA. 1984 was supposed to be fiction.
Big day of doing birth certificate applications for homeless people. Please send funding. Best Wishes to All.
Payback for Tino & Nelson;-) RT Thanks to my boys Hector and Jesus. You're welcome.
well you haven't been looking very hard... there are over 600 locations in 39 states per Wikipedia.
Regardless how it goes down life goes on>>>>>
Great breakfast apples and coke
hahaha your favorite of her sisters !? I better be more of your favorite than she is.
Use what language you will, you can never say anything but what you are. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Beyond annoyed right now.
Now all I need is season 2 of #Zane'ssexchronicles
Girls rugby: Canby hosts Lady Barbarians of Beaverton at 5:30 in state title gm rematch. Cougars 3x state champs, 32-1 over past 4+ years.
watching Candy man: Farewell to the Flesh, that Is one scary movie
We help you connect with your like-minded & compatible partner- no hoops, lying, or time wasting- just love. Are you ready to be matched?
Your welcome
Thanks a lot, Nakia! We hope you enjoy the ride, and stay in touch with us!
Yeah she came out today RT : WAIT IS SHE REALLY
right on.
I will! I told my mom I wanted to come to your graduation, but I'd cry like a baby. <U+E407><U+E411>
"we've gone from teaching the whole child to teaching the whole test-taker" #naisac12 - CAIS President
Now is the time to buy a home or investment property. Rates are at historic lows giving you more purchasing power.
CONGRATS! LET THE STRESS BEGIN!
awesome man!
you remembered your password, I see :)
"I have read a fiery gospel writ in burnished rows of steel: As ye deal with my contemners, so with you my grace shall deal"
lols chase took my phone and followed himself then he turned around and followed Aaron for me haha. :) so yeah hush.
was one of the best shows of my life go see
Kansas St definitely wins the award for most intimidating coaches on the bench. It kind of looks like the cast from The Expendables!
thank you(:
Called my mom to tell her I popped my shoulder out but I am fine. Her response, "Can I call you back, I'm in line at Starbucks"
guess who's back on twitter!!!!
That's OK. If we waited to see how everything in SM shakes out, we'd never publish anything. Means more opps for you to write :)
#Waytooearly prediction: NFL Defensive ROY: 1)N. Suh Lions 2)Eric Berry KC 3)Sergio Kindle Ravens dark horse)R McClain Raiders
I don't understand how you can sit on the couch all day and watch t.v. Do something with your life!
fuck yeah RT“: What a half!”
#whsummit 55 topics for discussion! BDT-linking people to assistance, Campbell's on ending hunger & obesity in Camden & entrepreneuworks
My Earth Day was "honored" by being confused about #Pittsburgh weather. Fri: 80 degrees & Sunny. Sunday: 40 degrees and raining.
I have a date with 27 of my favorite people in the Grand Canyon this weekend! There's no saying what the supermoon has in store for us.
well I mean my house is pretty boring, but feel free to come over anytime!
OMFG IF SO, I'LL FLIP. MY NAME IS ALLISON :D
The zombies still haven't attacked...i guess they gave up
Our 1st microgrant dinner is 1 month away! We'd appreciate any and all shout outs to help spread the word! Thx in advance!
what song? I was in yoga
-- what a class act! Loved your performance brother. You've got a beautiful soul and will preserve.
Woman who shot us the finger during the Madonna concert is an asshole. No long convos, meds or therapy required. She is an ass. Questions?
Eurhythmics midterm part 1 you may ask?? DONE!
hang in there
What are your thoughts on the contract extension for #Brewers manager Ron #Roenicke? SportsRadio
Perm role: Application Support (.Net) in suburb of Philly. I can get interviews...you'll have to do the rest.
Chk out my Voices of Prayze Grls. Levis cover w/Jason Mraz "Spirit in the Sky" www.youtube.com/user/LevisPioneerSessions#p/u/5/5DiSYyKn4K8
Green Arrow is like Super Batman.
I was laughing<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>, but I was helping.my whole knees got wet!
Maybach luxury cars: Top of the line Maybach
I like the last one with the snoop dog beat. Greeny, don't get discouraged because Golic has no sense of music.
Mine and his bio>>>yours
Be dressed in purple
Do what says ... Got to go get #ushers new cd (; so hot!!! Love it!!!
#iftheyshutdowntwitter I'm gonna have to go buy a lot more post-its.
RT : Each "Check for updates" alert I get from MS Word is like a reminder that I should be using Google Docs.
don't even play...I would buy them!
I enjoyed myself tonight it was a success. :)
SO YOUR CAR DIDN'T START, SO YOU LOST YOUR JOB, MAYBE THAT'S GOD TELLING YOU HE HAS SOMETHING BETTER FOR YOU
I'm liking those pink breast cancer bats the MLB is using
We used to have that problem, LOL. Now we have a pad that we keep in the car & write down places we want to try. We pick from it
The rain up here will NOT prevent my mom from having a good day! I'll make sure of it! Happy Mother's Day to all the moms in the world!
#astd10 = Social media is Tech for 3 or more people
RT : Thundering up in bed!!
Live in the moment, but don't be IMPRISONED by the moment
Haha, I actually Googled it, but thanks! :D
Do you hear that ringing? No? I think I'm an X-man...
COME ON #GRIZZ! Our tip-off party is about to start - hope 2 see you there! Join us RIGHT NOW or at the Official After Party after the game!
I had some much needed family and best friend time today! <3 I had a tough weekend but it turned out good in the end. :)
very nice. I think that place would be a "must go" for sure.
Buck Hunting.
fuck that hand me money RT “: I just think its disrespectful to hit the c's with somebody that's not even a crip*thugg shurg*”
Like to run, walk, bike, and/or swim? Check out our fall events & register today!
The ugly bitches at my school are always together
Santana is working it!
so sorry but that is kinda funny .. aha
Somehow I managed to attract the attention of 8 employees to find a battery.
#FCdish love you too!
One of my students was kind enough to highlight, in very pale gray, those sections of his paper that were plagiarized. So thoughtful!
can't wait till #BELIEVE i know its going to be amazing! <3
OMG #THESITTER WAS HILARIOUS
Silent Witness, series 15, BBC One, preview: Josephine Moulds welcomes the return to our screens of Silent Witne..
only you would do that you cute rebel You
mane bitch fuckin match!.
Of course! What a great project.
I saw a license plate yesterday that said "I Miss New York", so i smashed their window and stole their radio
well duh, there is Paris, TN for a reason haha
55 million women are blogging (wow!)
Wishing all of you math buffs (like me) a Happy Square Root Day! 3-3-9!
Well #CraftBeer brings in all types just talked with Tom Barrett and his wife for a bit. Asked him what #beer he loves but didn't answer
when you're drinking tea and the ice decides to ninja attack your face..
I'm slightly quiet/shy so hopefully it somehow works out where I have fun ha
missed this few days ago... Sry to hear its the end for ! Great music & good times, on to new adventures!
It sure reinforces my divorce from paper to find out my 8 long boxes of comic books from the last 20 years are worth about $25.
Mittens&More will take anything u knit to help kids stay warm outside in winter. 10/30 deadline RT
great to have you on RT : Thoroughly enjoyed the conference call with
A couple more games like this and we'll just how important was when it came to leading the
Oh see now u finna get me started on ha ass um do u c thisRT : yo ls that like to roll up skinny's
Good grief tulo
Besides people at work, just a few. I know some MU ppl who are from Madison.
I a good bab x
I agree. Funny, had the it with some pizza last night.
Texting this girl .. ...
Only a ghetto trashy bird would side with
Good Morning #Philly :) We've got so much to do w/ so little time! Who's coming tomorrow night to the #TechInMotionPhilly Meetup?!
RT : Oh my the burger is amazing! Did you know??? Those onions changed my life!
Yes, definitely - and that only contributes to the sense of "different" and "wrong" and "failure"
You're in the ZONE! Ah-toe Zone!
Good Morning Friend!
Good morning. How are you? Can you follow please?
If I wanted to be with another guy, id be with him, not you.
Guys, don't talk to a girl who has a boyfriend. Girls, don't talk to a guy who has a girlfriend.
the person under this tweet is giving you head.
Oh and I WONT THE "MVP AWARD" its not much(;
#Foundation that provides long lasting & #excellent coverage bit.ly/fgRVBP
Dream come true! Listening to Bill Nye the science guy at Harvey Mudd commencement. Awesome!
go to sleep
the cards was dealt rite hahaa but i go back april 19th so im working on gettin lil scrappy up here the 17th bar
So she did leave! Haha
I drafted Peyton Manning as my QB. My fantasy hockey draft can't get here soon enough ...
One of the greatest reasons to use social for deals is to capitalize on the influence of friends.
HAHA!! Perfect!! We should write a duet. We could call it "Fuck this place and everyone in It"
RIP Mike Kelley. Thank you for altering my psyche back in college & later in NYC & for being so lovely when I met you with Mayo Thompson.
You can have the greatest singers in the world sing to a track and its a average show but you put a band with dynamics with them O MY!!!
no problem
Worrying About You Feels Like A Full Time Job.
Royals lost... Still had a good time though.
M thank u!
OK - all women from Indiana!! Let Your Voice be Heard in 2012 at the Indianapolis Global Women's Summit on June 16th.
It's really a supermoon.
they used to come out good , like extremely good until I went to some lady that fucked them up n others kept doing that shape -.-
actually that sounds AMAZING!
Now I'll have to collect it at baggage claim. They'd better not lose it this time. And they'd better not be delayed!
hope your weekend went swell!
Let's all watch it!
I had always been a write by the seat of your pants guy, but can already tell this one will be cleaner and tighter & I haven't lost interest
looks delish. Seeing that live would be a real mindfrick; I'd be paranoid of booby traps and funky ingredients.
Australian for Beer! Do it
I bet you been already. But what about Quebec City? It's beautiful this time of year
Chicago opening night!
You thought Draw Something was a time suck? Try out turntable.fm... It's like Spotify on crack. And you're the DJ.
In the eye of the storm...attitude of
Money can't buy u love cuz its over price!
What was your favorite museum in 2011? Make a donation today so it ends the year on a good financial note and you receive a tax credit!...
Malibu Country is the place 2 b, Nov 2nd on ABC, watch as & the entire cast r sure 2 bring u lots of laughs!!!! :))))))
I'm seriously cracking tf up.
Thanks to for the follows. Raising a glass to you all. Happy Friday
Therefore, you can't sell me your bullshit.
This is the first Ive stated up past midnight in a long time. Real world.
Got all ten seasons of Friends.
RT : We've got 4 pairs of tix to the Maymont Flower & Garden show to give away! RT to enter. Winner chosen at 2pm.
Band name: tree beard motherhell
TV industry lacks criticality. It's frightening. Audience is very congratulatory.
The good thing about #TVD starting in October is that we will have fewer painful hiatuses that we had during S3.
And this is how Chicago views Portland... RT Visiting reporter asks: `Do cabs run here after midnight?'
“Life Begins At The End of Your Comfort Zone.” –Neal Donald Walsh
#WhenAustin sells out Madison Square Garden. It hasn't happened yet, but all Mahomies know...it will someday. :)
thanks for enlightening us. We are so unaware of how it works. Unless you are in on some scam. R u?
Two pork demos done, now moving onto beef. M!
hell yea we gonna get in when u come down foolie for dam sure!!
my man MCA got a beard like a billy goat
Payroll: $206 million. Stadium: $1.5 billion. Texas-sized beatdown to a team of heartless, whiny, overpaid mercenaries: priceless.
#youainthittinitrightif you slide outta position and you have to be put back in
I miss you to! And thanks,but look whose talking.!<3
Thanks so much, excited!
Invites for the party are very limited so get at me on the cell or how ever you can contact me if you tryna bring food bottles let me know.
You Go On Your Page And Click On Your Tweet And Delete It Where It Shows A GarbageCan I Dnt Know How You Delete Them All At Once
Soggy #NYC blah.... Add to my misery, why not?
If lifes a bitch then mines a gold digger..
What are you "choosing" to do this weekend??? We'd love to hear..Choices are endless...BE CHOOSEY!
I love her. She is amazing! And perfect for a good laugh, yes.
Do you think relationships can dispel stereotypes? When Americans meet Africans, does it change their view of the continent?
labor day weekend can't get any hotter than come out to Retreat nightclub saturday night:)
teaching a tempeh class, today at noon!
So happy u still here doin it big brotha. U don't know how important u r. This movie will be important for my 16 yr old son
Check out !!!
Thanks for the mention. You see our Lax team?
Why are they sitting there still?
Off to the gym.....thought, if I write it here everyday, will that make me actually go every day?
#debate08 how do i tune into who is following the debate and comments? I just saw this clue at the top. Direct message me please :) thanks!
Hahahahahaha. I laughed out loud when I saw this. Sorry, no such luck.
Fact: Our Employment Center helped get more than 550 people jobs this year. Visit 506 Central Ave., Newark for great employment services!
so amped up for the masters.
RT : "Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy" Ludwig Van Beethoven
I've never seen Top Gun. However, I *have" seen The Birdcage, so I think I get the idea
Preparing myself to work the after party this weekend.
a sleepy sunday in nyc... much needed!
I don't think so
ahahaha that was cute! :)
Hey everyone! Please follow , my new home in Power Plant Live! Come check out my new food!
A triple for his hotness :)
Cool hope you have fun!
Kim Kartrashian and Richie are shooting a #doritoscrashthesuperbowl commercial! YeeeeHaw!
Note to the world: "Who is this?" is not an acceptable way to answer your phone.
Never thought I'd be so excited for the #Giants to beat the bills but what a way to come back from last week! Bradshaw & manning great game!
Maggie wants to see the Rhyolite ghost town. Worth it?
Great job covering track! For clarity, you could add in your tweets that the results are from prelims...
haha the following week after I'm home.. I deff want you to meet him. DM me your number I wanna txt...
I was a fan of until this season of #thevoice she's been petty, unjust & unfair. The attitude is unbecoming. Get over urself
thanks! following you back :)
Don't fake the funk on the
I need some help i thinking about joing the air force to help better my familys financal problems
18 is not a kid.
And much Corporate welfare keeps them up and gougeing the Am Peopl such as the great Oil Co subsidies. Think man!
Follow: RT : Beer is awesome. Craft Beer is awesomer.
Help your friends with the things that you have, for you have these things by the grace of God
had a flashback when I walked in Walmart just now and saw saw calypso drinks.
Surely this is going in the book?
Happy to hear the book is inspiring you. It will challenge you to expand your faith. Enjoy. ^staff
What I miss RT : Lord Jesus, the Magic Johnson slander on my TL right now
Morning all you beautiful people!
There's No God Like Jehovah!!! Hahahahahahaha! Remember?
#thecrownlife apparently I just signed to BETs music matters
This Restaurant Impossible show rules
just wanted to say hey, since you can't speak anymore lol but its cool
My colleague coined one of our operating ideas, with "serendipitous discovery"
Andrew Sullivan spotted riding without helmet at Dupont Circle.
A fine point.
this world is terrifying!!
Reduce friction: RT : Why bother w "Check this box to agree to our ToS" - barrier to signups. S/b: "Signing up means you agree…"
Can we have an Flash Mob? Consider me, , and I the first 3 volunteers!
Nobody cares about him anymore RT Who else is ready for Howard Stern on AGT?
congrats on your scholarship. So honored to be sitting at the same table.
we need to RP sometime... just for the heck of it... Too many memories :'(
Chilling on being free : "Road Of A Superstar That's Not Famous"
Please no. Not The Brooke. No. Juan Direction, Wand Erection, Niall & the Potatoes - all better. PLEASE </3
Sox for everyone!!!
hey you lol riches for all and let me know when you get to chicago
Hey hope you have a great birthday
•...has been currency for 2,300 years in 194 countries on this planet and is convertible into any national currency at any time.
Lush Puppy is snuggled up beside me on the sofa, gently snoring. Could today be any more perfect?
Thanks, we had a great time! The Escolar and Chuleta were delish! And of course the chocolate cake.
im here for a good timee.
Boyfriend- Justin Beiber ain't that bad.
RT It was A great Effort but not Enough for #Cotto 116-112
6 minutes until 's birthday!!
Make decisions then take action, even if you don't have all the information. Be willing to step into the unknown.
I can appreciate some good sportsmanship.
Gotta hand it to Arroyo. Amazing comeback. 8 straight outs after that 3 run bomb
The month of Feb., ECM will be asking a trivia question every week for a free t-shirt! Look for our 1st ? tomorrow!
i just threw up after thinking of you naked!
ok! I was just thinking that it could be him.?
Looking for sage advice on becoming a California landlord and renting nice, affordable digs in Wash., DC. Any suggestions on either front?
How u guna have karaoke when the nuggeta are on.
You know what I don't understand, how you make fun of someone's dead father and still continue to talk. I think you've said enough.
Chrissy u are so damn hot. Damn Girl!! I love u Jersey girls!!!
I doubt there are many Thunder fans in NY though, so it's not too bad lol. At least its not the Lakers.
On my way to KSC for day 2 of #NASATweetup. Didn't sleep, but running on adrenaline. Go Atlantis!
wait am i reading this correctly..... a 30 year old quoting drake what in the F is going on in this world
tell me more tell me more
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. - Gandhi
Now playing We Are Young (Party Ben and MyKill Remix) at up some
My besty bought me patron and pizza for my birthday!... consumer swoon
#UglyGirlsAreNotAllowed are not allowed to buy a Halloween costume. 1. You're scary enough 2. The economy is failing, save your damn money.
- Thanks again 4 having me on New products R in production. Look 4ward 2sending over 2 u 4 review! Stay in touch.
.'s 'Why You Wanna' is sounding good here in LA on Hollywood's Gone Country-- in Hollywood! Congrats Jana!
Yep snow again actually
And if it goes down y'all.. That's my heart.. Baby girl so thorough.. She been with me from the start..
I wonder who the Al-Qaida's' publicist is.
glad your poor dachs are ok. Give them lots of love...
This rain does not bode well for my outfit for tonight's Flowers After Hours at Grabbing my girls and going anyway!
This dude go the linsanity haircut lmao
thanks Michelle!
WISHING ONE AND ALL A VERY HAPPY AND SAFE 4th of July HOLIDAY!! REMEMBER THOSE WHO HAVE GIVEN AND THOSE WHO ARE GIVING, so we can enjoy!!
Just realized there are only four women on #Charleston City Council.
my dad is playing today, if you're there and looking for "notables"
RT :Follow! Looking to get this account over 1000 Followers so we can get this Fan Club Rocking! Follow
(Hisses teeth)
First person to get 25 people to get like Nemesys on Facebook gets a free Nemesys t-shirt! Have your peeps drop your name so we can track.
The comfort adults feel when dancing in a large circle
Made it to Hampton, now for weigh ins
Does anyone else think Aerosmith is the biggest joke of a band? They would be playing no name towns if it weren't for run dmc.
Used by lesbians
I told u already I was in Arkansas lol Mosquitos? Lol
Taking my kid and my nephews camping tonight...this should be interesting...
Oh, Factory Records. And I suspect they all 'lose it' in different ways.
Ray Wylie Hubbard doing Eliza Gilkyson's "Beauty Way." "Wish I was lying like a cat in the sun/'Stead of working like a dog for the cash"
Stonewall + bagels. , thanks to you, Tricia and Nomi for the great weekend!
I wish New Glarus Brewing made Snowshoe a regular seasonal brew and I look fwd to Black Top becoming a year round favorite.
not big on celebrating my birthday. It's just another day.
Some guy is trying to sell me "Zombie Survival" gear and books, lmfao. Is there something goin on outside my walls i should know about?
May 26th I'm at The Comedy Corner in Ft. Pierce with Al Jackson & Julie McCullough. Who's coming?
"Some people are harder to kill than others." Open line from KILL ME IF YOU CAN by James Patterson & Marshall Karp - I LOVE IT!
My mom used to make that for me as a kid. I must seek out some coddlers!
Yep, just got pinched. Awake now..
[LIVE TWEET] Science and Policy beyond the Linear Model.
Father to 5 y/o son as son tugs on dads leg, dad says "What I can't carry you bro, my leg hurts!" ...and a killer is born
I still love the Laker. Clippers are ok
Related to these announcements = , Astrobrite, New Canyons, live shows & more.
I took Off ahha so I'm down for whenever ohh boo! What should I pack?!
Walked the beach for a little, the sun started to come out too so that was good at least
how exciting! Do I get a prize? Although I see you're already onto 2001.
At the Doctors.
#NP - Three Cheers for Five Years by
Rehearsal for show tomorrow!
haha, thats definitely something to be proud of! keep up the good work =)
It's because of our "why?" chromosome (sic). Turns us into morons.
Published again and working on new writing projects... Dreaming about someday writing press for Boeing... :)
Kool its gonna be good
“Middle age is when you’re sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isn’t for you
big hug
we need gifs of Letang snapping his own neck off. And Simmonds mocking him.
I shouldn't have enjoyed that as much as I did..
To bad about Tom Watson it would have been cool to see him win
RT “: Happy 16th birthday!!! Hope you have a great day! #BirthdayTwins”
can grandpa have some fun with u some time?
working outdoors is my absolute favorite! very jealous!
That card is so cute!
Do you have a tumblr, Kendizzle? ;)
Amy Winehouse's "Rehab" just makes me cringe now. It would be like if Buddy Holly's biggest hit was about saying no to taking the bus.
Dude... their pay is all talks about.
Thanks for making it through this with us!
Thanks to on for talking to UP finance prof Brian Adams today about the debt ceiling!
love walking 2 the gym.
It's that time of year again!
Thanks for the follows
Know a torrent? Is Dethcentrik on it? If the answer is no please add us to said torrent!
she be trippin too and miss pekoc be talkin to us like we slow
thanks was having problem explaining
Survivalists share disaster tips at Springfield event - Springfield News-Leader
A Dream without action is called a Fantasy. Don't just dream... take action. Move toward what you wish and you can have what you will..
Do it! : we're gonna come!
That awkward moment when UR cramming for a show & really have to pee. Can't decide if u shld finish writing or run to the bathroom.
Would you rather see a play, a parade, or a magic show?
: no, I did not get it resolved. You should do a story about GEPD's harassment of part-time downtown employees. Nuts!
That lack of jingoistic nationalism and exceptionalism is why you'll always be AMERICA'S LITTLE BROTHER.
Today I'm unemployed. Monday a new phase of my life begins.
Perfection is the enemy of good enough.~ Travis Jensen
this phone sucks though:( wuts ur numer i lost everything
How did you fair in NC?
BREAKING NEWS: Manning's neck healed after handshake w/ Tebow.
Failure you can do alone, but success always takes help.
You always getting hooked up or winning something, see you in couple weeks!
#ASECS12 This was in James Winn's paper, "Praise the Patroness of Arts."
Stephanie, thanks for the great thoughts today in #ideachats, we are going to turn many of those ideas into reality!
Lookin for her boxers
I have an extra SFBIG party ticket if you want to use it let me know.
If I could be the voice of any video game character? Any Spartan or ODST from the Halo franchise.
r u ever gone take me up on that date????
never stop smiling Justin :)
Tonight's special the Princess Peach! Captain Morgan, Peach Schnapps, Pineapple Juice, Grenadine & 7-UP for only $6! Come save the princess!
what did I do?
haha can't wait to come see it, we need to hire some pros to put on a show!
My tail piece on my electric banjo tele broke this morning and I'm playing tonight! Dragging out ol' faithful.
Anyone who looks and acts that much like Ashlee Simpson deserves to win #TheVoice. Sheer talent.
Busted. RT : . "Best thing to learn from me today - stop charging your devices by your bed.
same here
Arrest more Atheists!!!
Express train roaring through Dallas.
To understand is to forgive, even oneself.
Get up at 11:30am and wanna sleep before 11pm. OMG
It is just so hard for teams to get out of the 3-1 hole.
Stfu. Before I drop u
I know some women wish they had a ”delete history” button on their p#$$!...
Crochet zombie and hedgehog sale at www.mischiefmaker.etsy.com!!
Hi Nice article! Do you think Skype can be a great platform for #educational institutions to enhance #learning?
ADJISNNS! IM SO HAPPY RIGHT NOW!!
Bears gave Garza a new contact but not Forte?
Did you really just ask me to help you look for a job? LOL If you only knew LMAO
it is good
kouldnt ask for a better boyfriend than the one i have now I LOVE YHU !!!
Friday May 7th!! Is Going Down!! @ El Amigo Restaurant!
#FF Cool local DC peeps:
yes!! Epic! Or the wheel of carpet samples! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
": twitter should have italic and bold fonts available."
Olivia is so difficult!
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Hold on everyone! Change is coming and change is good! I'm super excited about what is happening and I know you will too.
Before Lanning began, Dems Huntley & Greiling voiced strong opposition to new gambling -- electronic pull-tabs - in Kriesel bill
My fallback plan is to tie pieces of string around dead grass and sell it on Etsy.
Busy man, busy. We were on last night! Anyone catch us?????
We need to understand that our carnal mind can sometimes be at enmity with God (Romans 8:7). Sometimes faith looks crazy!
Day two at
30 min later the bus is finally here!
Support in her efforts against AIDS. Everyone should check out The Diva Foundation.
This is not a word I throw around lightly, but I just sent out a *slew* of marketing materials.
I was looking at the free list last night, either most of the covers looked like a 6 yr old did them, or I'd read a sample
The advertisements on youtube is very annoying.
I will I hope it will
but I'll love you more.
Yeah buddy make that paper
Nice. All exit row should be like that to allow smooth, uh, escape experience. Which airline is that?
Thank you for the retweet!
Don't forget bachelor & bachelorette reality shows.
Oh, we'll its all for World Peace. That makes it all better then.
So is targeting men with the new Beetle. Any takers???????
I want Luke Bryan's hat
The road to success is always under construction.
Talk to mhe ppl!!!!
HE CAN'T SIT WITH US
they're probably a tad bit heavy.
very well said Awesome Words!!!
Hoping this week goes well
Excellent point/tip! RT : Good tip for staying motivated: Put music rather than TV on in the background.
I look forward to #MidwestThunderStorms all year!
That's dope that's why you always keep your head up!
Right on!
Just got an email from my 8-year old wunderkind of a cousin. "Hi Kelly, Nana urged me to email you, etc." Urged????
Being mean and spiteful takes too much energy and time I really don`t have.Even if I did I have time, I still wouldn`t.
Would anyone in Naperville get a tattoo with me this summer?
I love that new glowing bike commercial. wonder how much of that is CGI vs. paint or something. very cool.
It's 's Spring Tasting today from 2-6. We're pouring at 1st session from 2-4. 5 great wines to try. Cheers!
Cliff Lee - almost 70% of his first pitches are strikes.
SCHIZZLE - My rep from just dropped off killer samples from Uruguay to Slovenia is gonna have a cool list
Not only is that salary horrifying, but requiring knowledge of trigonometry? This is a joke, right?
Twittered out.
I want to have a day of watching movies I had not seen and love like: look who's talking, Vegas vacation, I love comedey
yes ma'am!
wake me when it's over.....
Ur not fucking me financing me or feeding so stfu
If a white family adopts a black child, putting a leash on their kid is no longer an option.
Sad to hear Carlos Moya is retiring.
should go to wood street gallery, the andy warhol museum, the inclines chill at the point, hang Downtown, go to the Zoo
I was saving the city from criminals ok.
would that be Stephen's Dark Tower
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. ...But if the doctor is cute forget the fruit.
btw just went through another bottle of your dads hot sauce it's so fuckong amazing
Santa Maria Novella today and Uffizi tomorrow.
oh yes were ready... But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;) #follow?
wow. that awful moment when your prince chops off all your magic hair...
If your not listening to the Joe B & Denny show your missing out!!! Denny is on a dag'um roll!!!
LMAOOO. But yeah, I just went through this during spring (it's still not totally done). Can he do part of it now (+)
I wanna see The Lucky One like right now
Fortunately, I'm friends with Brad Pitt. Yoenis will be ours by the end of the night.
classic......wow i'm annoying hhaha it's okay i only do it to my sassy friend jenna.
looks like i might actually only be in Augusta for this week....
had a greeaaat time last night! Thanks for the tickets and tshirt. Can't wait to see this epic premiere. :)
Right that's why I think that term is stupid waste of two characters.
I'm getting my diet on point, workout program straight, and motivation level all the way up!
... I know it's vague and I won't say why. I'm just disappointed in what I just saw on his TL that's all.
Yes. RT Can Superman outrun the Flash?
Did you enjoy the discussion?
contacted flip video people about working a deal - they blew me off. but sony didn't - they are good folks.
Congratulations for the MVP. Everyone played well.
- are you drinking tonight? Score is 6 to 5 according to the TV!
just mauled the lawn.
love it ;)
Always wondered if I would fall in love... Juss not for me I guess...
disappointed in ya, north carolina
So much parks and rec
You think life as a woman is hard? Try peeing with an erection
This is awesome! I'm thrilled about the idea of a "pond" read.
Totally understandable. =) Best wishes to your sister.
thank you for sharing this on your blog. I have been co-sleeping and getting so many shaking fingers!
Thanks to twitter I feel like I know people here I've never met. Nice to shake hands w/
"swimmers" great piece man. Hope cbus is treating toy well
Thank you for the love and support!
My prayers go out to whitney houstons daughter and family... she will be missed but live on forever in her music...
Spent a great day with friends on the set of The Suite Life on Deck. Now I'm sailing. :)
Yes, that trial gives our local news such opportunity, doesn't it. I don't know. So many types of ignorant; so little time.
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
of course u can baby
The sample in that song is Ella Fitzgerald's, How High The Moon...
I need that FOX on your head!
Sorry folks. My gig at Tim's Tasting room in Yakima Oct 23rd is postponed until he reopens with his new liquor license. Thanks!
RT : Every time I come to IA I fight w/ at the playground. She wants 2 play on the Monkey bars but I want to play Tag
hahaha...they can babysit me:)
Haven't talked to or in a while ! I wonder how they're doinn .
Indeed. If it'll fit within my 50 minutes.
I'm glad you had a great time tonight. You and sauli looked fierce :-)
thanks Matt!
not many people can say this but... i really enjoy my job.
Wow. I'm surprise the refs gave Wade a flagrant.
so exactly like an iPhone but...umm...bigger? More importantly, it looks a bit like paul o'grady
Tweet me a number and I'll tweet you a song lyric. Try and guess the song!!!
Bout to book me a flight to Atl
Send em to , he's a thick or thin fan! (NOT talkin bout his lady choices either)
is out of control tonight!
Cool! I'm sure the weather is perfect for it too. Am envious. Enjoy, my friend!
it's 1pm EST
7 hours 45 min from runk to my front door in Nashville. If I leave at 8 am CST I think I can get there by dinner ...
That whole "just sayin" shit is really starting to get on my nerves. The time for it has passed. Let's move on.
Haha my 3 yr old sister started screaming PSanders and A-Meezy in the supermarket!!! She love and <3
On Draft Now... Brewer's Art/Flying Dog Collaboration Brew Table for Two. Belgian yeast and local Honey. Yum!
Someone i trust and tell everything to even though we dont talk 24/7
I am so upset that the gays are destroying the sanctity of marriage. At least we still have role models like Kim Kardashian.
Just thought pepper spray was hand sanitizer....
I really need to start working on my blog.
when you comin back to the bay
Going to see the doc today. I've had a this weird cough that hasn't gone away after two months....
omg miss look at your hair I love love love it!!!
~ I'll definitely be there! Looking forward to meeting you.
or slightly hate less when he's on your team
Just finished reading "Heaven is for Real." Bought it this morning and couldn't put it down. It's a must read!!!
Happy happy happy. The world is a beautiful place. Things fall in place. Homeless and poor but more fulfilled than ever.
Seen through the window Crape myrtle tossed in a storm by the heat pump fan
Fuck your thoughts !
RT : GOD is GOOD
Speaking of The Avengers (which I'll be seeing at 8 tonight), why don't we rank the Marvel Studios output thus far. Hmm, let's see ...
Wow. She should the the fuk up!
sweet looking set up!!! Do work!! Send us some pictures of your results
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 61
I'm not sure if it is, but there's a game on at 115, USA and Switzerland :)
As the largest organ in our body, we owe it to ourselves to take great care of our #skin!
Oh no! May the curative powers of #lbf12 (...?) be with you, !
Well my Twitter people I'm going to go to bed so maybe I'll tweet tomorrow morning or on Sunday, HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND!
“Myriad” is a noun or adjective (“myriad ideas”), but don’t use it for merely “many.” It means countless or an extremely big number.
Oh my god my mom is over here playing the same sound effect on her phone irritating the hell outta me. She's worse than a 2 year old! -__-
presents?! Yay! I just went to the Craft Revolution exhibit at Mingei and thought of you the whole time.
Really pompous tweet. They broke story before you. Man up. Give credit. RT : Am looking forward to YES crediting ESPN.
I really think the can sneak away with a win tonight in the ATL. Sooper pumped!
Ponzu is slightly more complex, but for the purposes of the recipe you could sub w/ 2 parts soy, 1 part lime, 1 part mirin.
RT : Orphan works candidate list now live. Are any of these yours? W.lib.UMich.edu/orphan-works
you make me happy ily.
I cannot WAIT for the big gay weddings that will commence later this year! Is everyone preparing their wardrobes?
I'm kind of sweet and fake like splenda, topless on the beach you can call me kendra
#England General Hooker was classic American hero until he quit drinking...GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 AmazonKindle
My #twitter #account got #HACKED. Apologies for anything weird that happened, it was not me. I hate #hackers! #badkarma!
I thank you Fans Friends Followers Club Bookers Radio Programmers Website Owners Critics Reviewers Haters & Lovers! Going UP!
"JUNK SCIENCE OF MANNADE GLOBAL WARMING". Really!? #santorum keep your head in the sand. please make that a central issue. Please!
This shit is getting ridiculous.
Got so use to the company that being alone doesn't even feel right.
"Keep Alive the Dream" is the largest tribute in the State of Oregon and has official designation from the Natl. MLK Jr. Holiday Commission.
Nope. The guys signing the contract aren't Omar.
3 more days & the ORIGINAL HOUSTON FLAMENCO FESTIVAL will b here!!!
Everyone check your "other" messages on Facebook!! I just did and found the most wonderful message from someone who loved my book!
Another busy day of #teacher shadowing and curatorial work at two galleries. I #thrive on hectic days.
Memo to parents out there: Us kids know how much you love us & don't want us to leave, but if we're looking at out-of-state jobs pls support
great episode!
The guys fixing our AC at work were just witnessed stealing a bike from the alley behind our store.
Finishing the mastering for Juan Herrera's 8-song Latin CD today. Also authoring a DVD for Michael's (the craft store chain).
Yes it is an amazing place!1 Hope you can make it hear one day!!! I am 24!!
RT : Great play by just now.
everybody i kno real.. fake people r strangers
Stopping dribble penetration. Been an issue all year.
of course I did..wink wink!!!
Candy corn ice cream is a thing, and I am making it for Halloween.
I utilized that strategy when I departed the Dolphins a few years back. It's the only way to go.
Perhaps you should consider hair extensions — they can add volume and texture to your hair to reduce the appearance of hair loss
People say girls are attracted to guys who are like their fathers. Not me. The guys I date call me back.
Goodnight everyone!! Have a blessed sleep and night!! God bless!! =D
enjoy your weekend my sister....PEACE!!
Here's an #OCCUPY trivia question--> Which famous person spoke at #OWS on day ONE? (Long B4 any other famous peopl paid any attention to us)
I keep hearing about that book, but haven't read it yet. Someday!
Michelle really hopes so too!
Good luck big guy...we will party hats with some BL Margs and Nums next weekend. A tribute to bold flavors, you guys.
Ok I can smile now!
RT : I am allergic to negative people! How about you?
wont letme watch the vid on mobile.I dont really like anyone on idol this year.But that girl who sang whitney houston is great
I think there's a guy on the bus that I graduated high school with. I was about to find out If it was him but then I remembered I don't care
Really looking forward to seeing tonight. Got a ticket for the sold out show thanks to & !
I've just been told I need a fondu sippy cup... I love my friends.
We're excited to see you and your mom on the way back (if you come this way)!
omg thats so cool! be careful with your number on the internet tho... trust me iknow from an expierenceeeee :/
Hey Britain, your taxpayer money paid for for the $70 million royal wedding today! Did you even get any wedding cake for that hefty bill? :)
LA today was like a milder version of Pompeii circa the Mt. Vesuvius eruption: light ash and pyroclastic surges.
Harmless and sophomoric, unless you count the rape-like woman's skirt game. UGH.
Just bought #christmasgifts galore at the gift shop! And maybe a few things for myself...
Dealing with people is possibly the hardest difficulty you face, particularly in case you are in business.
I like it like that :)
I'm not sure, but it kinda looks like.
omg I'll be right there!
RT @ ilDonnieli -u missy out on here yo <<<< I know man, I need 2 get on here more lol!
if you respect me, then i'll respect you
Eek. usually talks me down at times like that (any thoughts, Mark?)
So on fire so in love. Way back when we couldn't get enough. Remind me, remind me
THe same as you, are u still doing nursing?
Its all comin together, new sound, new artist, new deal, new life. I'm actin brand new...
Everytime someone sends me a stupid link im unfollowing.. they're ridiculous!
when exactly did jtk get a twitter account? Oops -- better be careful, he might see this post.
Good Morning Gals! Can you believe that it's Halloween weekend already!? November is right around the corner ;-)
RT Smile, it's not really that bad.
Bro, if you & your Princesses, including your lady ever wanted to do a real Bobsled run w/ some Olympians holla at me. (2/2)
Mel we're best friends. We go way back, how can you forget me like that :(
chinese cooks dog when they cannot find chicken
Bess hasnt done anything yet, I like McGahee this year, curious to see a healthy Broncos D tonight too
Arab citizens gave found their voice and there is no going back
Great quote "Despite being king, content is often treated like a peasant." -
SAVE THE WAVE MIX! A good way to wake up.
“: I'm pretty sure every1 in the wolfpack is in a hot bath It was so cold. But worth it :)” The suspense us killing me!!!!<U+E52A><U+E52A><U+E52A>
please vote for to play NYC's JINGLE BALL! www.eventful.com/z100 thanks so much!!!
“ !!! We would break necks! Lmao” breaking necks while snappin caps on the Raging Bull
#thoughtsduringschool I have no clue what in the hell my professor is talking about.
Bar tonight..oh yea
I have been watching LOST all day. Shit is intense and addicting!
What's really sweet is when Alex Trebek says, "You are correct, of course." Of course! I mean, what fool...
Gay my bro got tickets to Lmfao but u have to be 21 and older fuck that
Never ever allow your today situation to scare you from achieving your goals, because the most high God has a purpose for your life.
I think it comes out next week! PS- so excited to see you girls down there!! cc:
“Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.” —Ralph Waldo Emerson
speeeel check #movie. ;D
Can everyone plz fallow me ? i will return the favor(:
I love it...girl I'm in Atlanta. Never thought it would be this hard to find a "church home" in Atlanta!
How active is in ur admin? Duz he inform ur #same-sexmarriage views?
": The Bulls games on ABC has been horrid..."
so true RT : #B makes long-term friends. They don't do shallow people.
Perfect summer night: beer and burgers discussing upcoming Honey Bee Festival. Mark ur calendars for Sept 17!
#OneThingILove seeing you smile.. because of me.
haven't gotten it yet :(
where are you looking for apartments?
I just have my iPhone account which is the lavendergirl68 one that you are welcome to add if you ahven't already. TBC
Leslie at Kerbey Lane? Oh??!! Leslie in the red tutu?
I'm flexible as long as it is not on a Thursday.
Don't get too attached, dude.
Awesome!!! Great life lesson ;)
Congrats! Who are the guests?
I'll be there! RT Flamenco Tuesday!! Bootcamp Footwork 730 & Upper body 830!! See ya there @ The Pink Flamenco 1111B Chicon
Thank u sir. I actually read about your Bianco before I tasted it. But my husband would love your Manhattan recipe. Do u share?
Surgery like now. Nervous. Wah. /:
Did you have your mojito yet??? Its not too late! $5 mojitos
agreed, though I'm not sure I like the anti-Slave-Leia bias...
Teach your kids right from wrong before they know how to say right from wrong
Rep. Irv Slosberg and Junior League wants everyone to TWEET Speaker of Florida House n say WE NEED TO PASS BOOSTER SEAT BILL!
Shaq more dominate
Me too! Just poring over my notes from all the speakers today. This was such a high value event.
Working on some exciting musical projects for 2012 with a variety of wonderful artists & musicians...
Sadden to hear the lost of a HS student (17yr. old girl, passenger) involved in a high speed car crash a mile from my house.
You too Bruce!
i just added all my followers again L YA
I want an ice cold dr. pepper
and you don't?
Ahh I don't if I'll make out at night lol day drinking is crayyy
It can be a pain at times, but I managed to get 3 monitors on an AMD GPU.
The Buffalo Bills signed Vince Young. Dream Team baby!
no y
you were missing all last week! And study hall was awful!
Christmas Eve <3
Piks Of Me And Him In Ah Min Aint Nun New!
This could be a hacker talking : it's legit. :)
I sleep right through thunderstorms. Crazy lightning and thunder these last few nights? What?
Writing Inspiration for the day: We all have role models. Mine is the stegosaurus. Name 10 people who have influenced who you are & why?
ur in Paris?! I so wish I was in Paris!!
Photo shop
That "extraordinary anger and resentment from the Right" has a name …
The first tenet of guilt-driven development is to use words strong enough to make the listening party feel as guilty as you need them to.
YES and using the remote with no stickers and having it constantly show closed captioning
Listening to Kix because I grew up in NOVA.
Unsettled #weather is coming to #NewMexico! I'll tell you all about it tonight on #KOB Channel 4! You won't want to miss it! :-)
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt not attack, seduce, nor attempt to eat members of another delegation.
Good evening, what's up with everyone this fine day?
your teacher told on you!? Ew wtf, can they even do that!?
YES! RT : Obama: Here in America, our story has never been about what we can do by ourselves. It’s about what we can do together.
minions. I want minions.
yes. i agree. the first song is My Favorite Things, done Nice and quiet.
Just arrived at the Sepulveda #Vets center, about to play some Bach for a therapy group on PTSD.
was he weird!?;)
Gym at 830 go to sleep
Thanks to Everyone Who Came Out To the Show on Saturday Night At PEPPERS in Broad Ripple!! We Had a blast with all of you!!!
Let’s get WOOKED up tonight! Join us as brings the funk to our house for a night of shenanigans.
Creating a #ustream page soon they seem pretty cool :)
Ew Justin Bieber is ew. I don't like him. And neither should you all. I still don't even know how he has more fans on his fb page than MM
Chess pie, pineapple upside-down cake, choc fondue, s'mores bar
Mos Wanted, that was amazing.
please follow me!!! please please please XOXO
ahah, i figured that out after i sent that, felt so dumb, well thats still awesome! we need to get to the W coast!
Ah, thanks. Unfortunately, no cable. And I don't particularly like the news.
Can't imagine how hard it must be to work as a comic. Acting/modeling can be very difficult, but comedy - wow.
yes! Come early though!
in the #treacherous trailor
"Keeping the dream alive" by Munchener Freiheit, such a great song. It still inspires me.
Dats true. They need to calm down also
I also have a puppy now
You're absolutely right, Chris. Thanks! The Hampden pop up is going on now till 7pm at 2906 Keswick Rd
I'm disgusted. He didn't offer you a drink?
finding a balance between politically fierce and spiritually grateful is a life challenge
Lapsit for Prewalkers is being offered every Tuesday in March at the Main Library at 10:10am. Pre-register online at 282-4607.
Workout program is officially beginning in 14 min aka tomorrow
Beautiful day stadium with and our wild boys! I guess I'll keep them.
Bobby Abreu to Indians could actually happen. Manny Acta is big on high-OBP guys, and Abreu has always been that.
#kids Diary of a Worm, a Spider, & a Fly at Baker Theater, Sat, May 19 1:30p: The coolest ever rock-n-roll romp in a bug's world,...
my phone is randomly unfollowing people! At least im making it right and following the people back again!
Awesome RT : If your kids have pubic hair, you don't get to pre-board the plane.
I think a good goal in life is to avoid having anyone you know see you using a Coinstar machine
Thats just how it is & gone always be
Many many thanks to for everything he's done for us!
Just finished two huge assignments. Now onto the next paper. Ugh.
A national debt, if it is not excessive, will be to us a national blessing.
But you're our little nerd <3 :) Hahaha
Long as the morning head is good, I'll be up with a smile on my face ;)
thanks Chris
Unfollow me. Complain. Once again, idgaf.
is in need of two collegiate females to work as administrative assts this summer. Email resumes to
I kind of figure it would get like this...
Thx so much“: I love my armband. Everyday I am plugging my band in trying to beat yesterdays vigourous activity minutes”
#Imagine Niall calling you in the middle of night. Niall:''I couldn't go to sleep without hear your voice. I love you babe.''
Someone new tweet me and start an interesting conversation!
I need a nap
Only you, you're the only thing I'll see forever. In my eyes, in my words and in everything I do.
Wow. RT : Sen.Claire McCaskill Getting Beefed Up Security After Tea Party Activist Declares ‘We Have To Kill The Claire Bear’
About put in work with my personal trainer to work on my beach bod. Gotta keep it tight ya know!
somewhat annoyed at mds' memory leaks
Burn 60 class in the morning.
Awesome, thanks Shama!
I love watching women box. Not in the streets though that's just a hair pulling contest lol but hell I'll come see it
seriously, totally made my day. , congratulations. so happy for you.
Duni: Technology plays a huge role in what I do.
That was fantastic!
Lots of strong Democrats in Clark County & Floyd County - - just had a great meal at "Ann's By The River" Restaurant surrounded by Patriots!
Savings Tip - Used dryer sheets work great for the dust on most anything. I like using them on the T.V.
Want to take your fitness to the next level? Check out this Xtremely intense Asylum workout from trainer Shaun T
Keynesians subsidize urinals
Arlo White is a crap commentator. Henry's quick free-kick goal v Chelsea in Dec 2004 wasn't "massively controversial."
Waiting on network notes. Wait for it. Wait for it....
Stop down for tours today at 2pm and 4pm! Get out of the rain!
Front Desk Wed: Ok, what gives? Been answering Arctic Circle questions all summer. Do I give off a "yep, my degree's in Geography" vibe?
Morning my love. Such a lovely day isnt it?
"breathe" with Krewella is a MASTERPIECE. Cannot wait to perhaps hear it at a show
confined within brick, appreciative of the monetary now, daydreaming of what tomorrow's beaches can fulfill.
The eye doctor said my glaucoma is getting worse but I can't see it.
Leaving Knoxville, heading to Atlanta for the "Out Life" Premiere Party!
presents the cakelady and richie: extraordinary food folks ready for commerce!
best movie tie-in I've seen in awhile
Anyone else find midgets playing the ukulele funny?
Only my mom can turn a simple web search into an hour long how to lesson.. its time for a nap :p Bar 9 tonight!! $2 Thursday
New tees are in my hands! Gotta love it!
I need a jersey! He is about to take this league by storm! With him the would have been in the Super Bowl!
we were so proper last night
Use 2 play TW golf like I play #mw3 got burnt out had 2 take a brake 4 a year.. Think im going 2 buy TW golf13 it's looking good <U+E014>
Today is international Pimento cheese sandwich day, thanks to Augusta National Golf Club.
Wtf @ gas prices!
can I get the hook-up boo boo? :)
RT : Proud to support State Reps Duffey and Stinziano in their efforts to grant voting rights to student trustees at Ohio's...
janey say hi to shawn he being shy today hahaha!
At work bored As a bitch.
Damn dude i love your tweets, they're so fucking amazing and true!
We have the #1 Pizza in the Triangle! If you haven't tried it, you're definitely missing out, what are you waiting for???
no outlook int + put #!*/ url in the invite + platform dials out to them. Everyone wins. *lockdown so they can't get the tool
why are you just now telling me?
three-hole punch. genius.
did I just hear what I think I heard?? #singleladynomore ??
Btw, the rock stage at #RockTheGarden this year is Quiet Riot, Scorpions, Black Keys, and Led Zeppelin.
Right. I believe that about as much as I believe a 16-yr old boy wants to adopt a sister from China.
1 final down, 3 to go! For some reason, that doesn't exactly make me feel better lol
Thanks , & for the tasty vegan grub last night!!
Halloweekend coming up, New York City has so many options it's a bit overwhelming. House parties, then bar hoping, then a club sounds dope
Smh. No heather.
noooh! FFS that's Top Gear USA on the bloody history channel, pure DRIVEL!! Nope, the regular Hammond, Clarkson & May version!
Fire alarm for burnt tuna lol I'm done
I keep my promises
I am fighting this headache, but I'm losing. And so is my ibuprofen. This is some bull... Not going to let it ruin my day.
Love you :)
i love girl with something under dress ;)i wish you move to florida area
Excited that you guys are coming into town!
Redneck is a derogatory term applied to land workers, and is itself quite classist.
Fact: The growth of cancer cells can be slowed down by smoking marijuana
what is the name of you and JWows spin-off show? And when does it start? Grr too many qa's in one tweet sorry
my 11:11 wish is to meet you and have a conversation. and a follow back would be nice too(:
That's the worst!
Journalists doing more than ever, busier than ever - PR relationship still matters
another day another whiskey.
Do you always write a thank you note after an interview? Even if you KNOW you're not getting the gig?
lotto time! xD
what flawless eyes you have there :)
Today we added custom group images :)
Party til you pass out drink til you're dead! Dance all night til you can't feel your legs!
I also plan on proposing the creation of an official WASociety twitter, being on the web/social media committee and all.
lesbians acting like men in bed is funny.
hey, somewhat related side-note. Do you write in the margins of your books?
PUNK'D!
ISO: Graphic Designer (unpaid position, great opportunity to be of a great start-up community project), please pass this info along
who does that?!?
We don't exist for campaigns or corps or orgs, we are by & for the people - Scott Heiferman
omg i am sick, sick, sick...
damn it we were actually getting somewhere
Thanks for the follow and the kind words!
Except here we have to compete with the Congressional Interns and the LOC sluts!
thanks this weekend Milan
#HOLYTALETO watch out just had a very GRAND ustream!!!!
We're thankful that most people let us do whatever we want, especially when we kill people or beat the crap out of them.
Think well. Speak well. Do well. These three things, through the mercy of God, will make a man go to Heaven. -- St. Camillus de Lellis
discuss contract
no just meant mine is up n running working good
"There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul." Ella Wheeler Wilcox
praying you feel better real fast!
Why even put Chalmers back in?
if you think your being cute, your not.
idk u told me like long long time ago ;p
Woo Hoooooo can't wait!!
"You completely unscatter me, and I appreciate that so much."
yes indeed! they use the internets, too!
Can't wait for St. Augy in the AM :D Good night!!!
Come in to The Bike Line today and sign the peopleforbikes.org petition to make a more bicycle friendly America!
but i dont wanna
how was the show at inn-termission
touching prayer from
I'm sure you all are enjoying it! RT. Winter on the West Coast, it's gonna be a beautiful night!
M great 4 square burger... Great service as always.
Just chillen bored laying on my yoga mat and have cramps ugh worst day ever already lol
Hm I wonder what .ASP programmers would be....
Looking forward to seeing #Photoshop guru with tonight!
I miss you! Come back soon and visit. How is the 'ol So cal treatin you missy?
are you afraid of heights? Have a good nite! Be safe out there! :)
the Rockefeller Center xmas tree donated to Habitat for Humanity 2 be used in the construction of a home in Philadelphia.
Ohmygosh I'm so sunburned. What was I thinking going for a biking expo in a bikini without sunscreen?
There's still so much that you can do in 2D. It's harder to make a 2D game as cinematic as a 3D game. -
bunch of my cousins and their significant others n friends....good ass people
Kiddo and I off to our own special birthday dinner. I am sporting a necklace & earrings he bought for me at Wal-Mart! Hilarious & sweet.
Big day tomorrow! We're on with at 7:50 a.m. to talk about 's appearance in next week's Halloween parade
I love orange juice *.* :)
Good morning Sandy! Thanks for the shout-out. :) Have a great Friday.
WOW. there is a #nasasocial tweetup happening at Dryden today. Am here doing archival work...
How long should you let a woman repestedly shout "Halleluja" at the top of her lungs outside your apartment? It's been about 20 minutes.
great! I can definitely do all summer
“: #Arizona supreme court stays tomorrows #execution of Sam Lopez #deathpenalty” Good news!
This rendition of "Free Fallin'" is gonna be epic.
#Winners stay Moving..
I bet I know what that was. Thx for your hard work on this!
Just might have to get an iPad 2 . . .
Awesome recipe and pics, thanks! You can also get Mangalitsa pork straight from the (ex-Mcsftie) farmer in UW or West Seattle
who were we supposed to root. For?? RT: “: BG AND were cheering for kU tonight? Geez, I can't listen to 93.7 anymore!
My timeline isn't loading, great. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
trailer park boys is funny. You should watch it. Lol
Someone found my blog today by searching "never trust a man without a mustache."
Ouch, station posted fake tornado photos. Somebody on FB pulled from friend's site, thinking photos were current, sent 2 station....
Orange Silicon Valley, ESnet, InfiniBand Trade Association and OpenFabrics Alliance Demonstrate the First Long Distance, Multi-Stream 4...
Putting money down on a ring for the ol'lady.
damn im no good, but damn its so good.
Mogwai's sound person is a middle-aged lady. She wears a nice sweater/cardigan set and a pencil skirt. I am fascinated by her.
How am I rude???
- let me know when u start so i can migrate to that lucky state, wherever it may be.
Off to the airport!
The Marine Corps approved me today, time to start my journey!
thx for the follow! Orlando real estate is best priced in history!
I MISS YOUR ASS
I don't feel good :(
You can't not be excited about the potential of Rickie Fowler. Star in the making. He has "it".
And the laws would be guaranteed not to have unintentional side effects.
My love 4 music is AMAZING!!!! Just getting finished with a demo me nd my friend made :)
same as you see on TV really. Audition after audition 10 at a time and then eliminations.
Yo so any one of followers should add me(: Haha
Gm beautiful enjoy your hump day
well at least 1 page so when she asks if you read then u say yes. Lol
. Thanks for your support! Can't wait for #NMAP!
but I'm serious ;-)
Thanks for the follow back, Hope you have a great eve!
- I may have seen this on the right day. :)
when did the shower industry meet & decide there would always be 12 curtain holes & 12 rings? why dont other industries have this cohesion?
Just drove by Steven King's house in Bangor Maine! Pretty cool! :-D
Praise God for Charles Stanley as he turns 80. His ministry inspires many & has made a difference in my life for 20 yrs.
Preparing for the University of Pgh Diversity fair.
yeah that is a sick remix
Bout to watch this movie alone...hopefully I dont get too scared!
The #'s are Devastating: 1 in 110 in the South Africa with #autism! Help us in the fight.
i recognize Bruno's talent (saw him play the drums once on one of these shows. that was cool. ), but it isn't my thing.
Congrats to Jim Gibson (Houston office) who closed a $1.5M industrial building in Cotulla, TX!
"You dont know how great it feels to have You standing by my side-
I just used Project Vote Smart’s VoteEasy tool and it’s a fun way to compare candidates. www.voteeasy.org
And cup cakes .__.
No doubt that is by far one of the best bus ad concepts I have ever seen.
check out at eatonville on sundays during brunch. her restyling of nirvana's "smells like teen spirit" was amazing!!
Bad dream last night. #Pens dropped a 3-0 lead and lost 3-4. No way that was real right?
Working at Dodger Stadium tonight.....Im back in full effect!!!!
have hit a #genealogy brick wall on all lines...need to step away and regroup...
Suicidal insulin pump.
Happy Mother's Day! What are you doing to make your mother feel special?
LEGISLATIVE COWARDICE, RUINED LIVES, DESTROYED FAMILIES....
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<U+2708>
Finishing up the program for the 2010 Crowned Prince & Princess Charm Pageant this weekend
salty and greasy is slightly better than sweaty, I guess.
Sure. But how did it get in there?
If leaves anything out, there are plenty of pilgrimage tweeps who might be willing to fill you in. ;^)
Let's ride tonight then!
Need change. I suppose I'll start w my hair color.
you actually have 849...
NO NEED TO MAKE THOSE PICS PUBLIC.GOTTA FEEL FOR HIS MOM SAD HE DID NOT CARE ABOUT HER.
If you only knew what the future hold After a hurricane comes a rainbow.
ok friend....happy new year
I had no idea and I loved Perry's growing up
Is it an app!?
I don't think I'll survive this week
The greatest gift you can give someone today is a smile!
Good morning - don't forget Satori will be in Phoenix this weekend giving seminars on our program!
Yeah if anyone who reads this needs to get at me, I'm good on heytell when i have
At target, looking at dresses.. And wishing was here with me lol
Girl you make my speakers go boom boom <U+E328>
To all my followers from the Philly area, no disrespect ha
I really miss my bluetooth headset! if I rip my ears out one more time on that darn cord I might go crazy, or end up in a roadside ditch...
TGIF >>> It's going to be a long weekend
Americans harvested the last locally grown marshmallow in the 90's. Now all marshmallows are grown in Equador.
We can teach healthy sexuality early by teaching kids boundaries and healthy relationships with friends and family.
Two girls one bed
The mother fucking frogs are back fucking in my neighbor's piece of shit #walmart pond. Fuck u frogs and fuck u walmart.
Add Iowa to the list of states Forward Fabrics has shipped to. 45 to go! 46, if you consider Illinois to be a state.
#UTBlackademics how many people think transportation options & planning & black quality of life? We need to start.
alright just making sure you're happy! :)
Hey would you give us a listen? thanks :)
I got freaked out last night! lol, I had to get up and close all my windows so there'd be no noise I could mistake for a burglar.
Also seeing that a slow walk, holding up traffic, & running into things because your focused on your cell phone is universal. Not good.
RT : One of our amazing students is finishing up a summer "project" rowing a boat from FL to NJ. W.Rocktheboatforautism.org
hey guys, were a twitter account sharing fan stories about how it was meeting you. Follow back?
haha sucks to suck <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
when are you moving?
Thanks for the RT!
well, I have you as my older brother here :)
GO FOR IT!
sins be gone! All clean!
Thanks! I'll DM you to get coffee and talk ab how we can work together. Hope your workshop is excellent.
Are the price of your medications starting to overwhelm you? We are here to help! Starting July 1st we will have a Co-Pay Assistance Program
See FB page for 3 things you can do to save PE
Im really lukin for a shot wit dis' rappin'!!! Im really gud and theres not alot of ohio rappers!!
congrats on your All-State selection. Great year for you and the Tigers!
to be honest, not even sure what a marshmallow fondant IS! i've made many the fluffernutter though!
Omg # rihanna is in a movie ; its called battleship !!!!
I-94 west closed at hwy F for rollover with extended extrication.
Please follow me<3 I'm a huge fan,you're so beautiful<3 My friends&I hope to meet you some day! :) <3
Ray of Duncanville: We are all in favor of acct. My acct is walking into Tom Thumb in my community. Testing should be diagnostic.
Tell us the damn song the new #5 plans to step to the plate with! I say "Run this Town." -Jay, Ye & Rhi
I hurt because u do not help me recover
Gr, why am I awake? -__-
that's good:)
#cableone is down AGAIN, could someone tell me again why I give money to companies that just suck.
Frozen Coke from Burger King wud hit the spot right now.
when is the non throwback throwback weekend. I assume this year it refers to throwing back adult beverages!!
wtf?! You should have said "Thanks, hotty mc hot hot lets go get naked!" hahahah
I like my girls with a little bit of a curve.
Interval training, the difference maker! - Better Fitness Daily We’ve taken time to think about and write down, “where we are and...
Insider V Day Tip! If you waited until last minute to book, go to this weekend for $39 Date Night. Includes bottle of vino!
14 days. Come on. Let's do thisZ
Best Bodybuilding Diet | Pregnancy Health Guide
Watching #TLC waterfalls video. Whoa throwback
Thanks for the retweet Miriam! Happy weekend!
This weekend is about to be hellllla fun. Friday night birthday party, about to go hard ! #PartyMemories will def. be made (;
Woke up too early for school...time to kill!
Where is my bus driver !?
too cute!...that might have turned her on more though lols
I seen u wen I was n a relationship but never payd attention.but now u tryna drag me n well im still thinkn hard. Its happinin to fast
"All of a sudden, its like I'm holding a pony" So wise, and SO funny!
Really? Not even occasionally?
Grilled Swordfish Steak w saute of Bacon, asparagus & corn, a gorgonzola mornay sauce & rosemary duchess potatoes. $18.95 (@
Enjoyed showing excerpts of DETROPIA to
What about Chicago?
my cousin. She been doing hair but she in school now, she did it for prom too
Ready to make movies?
I just linked my Twitter to my Facebook. Welcome to 3 years ago, Alex. Sigh.
Well I had listened to him and his dad on last night when I got home. He basically said the same thing as on your link though!
I'm dead rn.
Who is going to watch MARLEY Documentary film??
Thank god only 18 more days or some shit.
RIP #DonnaSummer - You'll be missed.
Great to meet you! Hope you enjoy your brownies.
13 year olds talking about sex need their ass beat!!!!!
Errands, phone store to figure out why my phone is being ridic, baking, cleaning/organizing and catching up on my shows. Good day.
thanks babe :*
2 weeks until I see at <3
Watching Idol and THERE YOU ARE! Nice job tonight!
Corona Bucket!
same here :)
Tuesdays ARE lame. MY birthday is a Tuesday this year too. :D
Football is so wack
RT : Let me just say that Jimmy Carter was most moral, truly Christian person to serve as President of the United States...
We just can't anymore. I brought up Hulk killing Hulk and things hit system overload.
who am I going to talk to tomorrow in class?!? JK. I'll get notes for you if need be. Feel better and drink gatorade!
Discussing ways to help parents with ADHD kids who talk excessively (beyond what is age appropriate!). Of course I still do this myself!
Ok so the Chocolate Chip Frappicino from #StarBucks is awesome!!
We love to see you continuously improving. Our writers are the best!
Can DC taxpayers appropriate the #ourpark hashtag to complain about publicly financed stadiums?
my pleasure ladies :)
RT " thanks for the follow,if u need ideas for latinamerican markets,let us know! greetings !" Absolutely!
he should hire Dan Leistikow to spin his remarks
yay! Glad you're feelin better, lady :)
Researching the best eye creams out there for a beauty article. Ladies, what do you love/hate/swear by?
Happy Monday honey bunny
I guess cereal it is
Thank you!
GUCCI GUCCI- kreayshawn
No sleep tonight...
No problem - looking forward to reading your tweets :)
keynote: Drupal's system of government is a do-ocracy
And Keef says the exact same thing!
I had a conversation last week with a department chair who reminded me quite a bit of you. This was a good thing.
Don't give up! Stay up! Don't stop! Keep moving! Don't cry! Rejoice. Possibilities exist in the toughest problems.
Authorities say house fire on Garfield Ave in Columbus considered suspicious and they're talking with a "person of interest." Live at 11
you're welcome =) I was going to follow you either way haha but thanks for asking =D
lots of injuries screwing up teams up.
Big Star on the hotel pool stereo!
I was at game 5 of the ECF when they won 3-0. Last game they'd win that year. Just devastating.
Go ! Save us from having to watch the Nyjer Morgan/Prince Fielder ghetto wannabe act in the World Series. Skewer the
You are not that old! The first movie I saw in the theaters was Star Wars in 1977. Been a sci fi fan since
Wow! Glad to hear it went well! Amazing.
It is a cover of a song by Set Your Goals!
Excited to welcome to #cunydhi! Doug begins with a discussion of the importance of curation at this cultural moment.
it really is. That's my favorite japanese spot :D
WHAT'S A BOOK?
Also, for *me*, the joy of online shopping isn't so much the browsing as the arrival of packages at my door :)
God set my clock fast so I'm ahead of my time.
yo I gotta new line. Hit me if you wanna hit the lab while you out here.
“: love you too”told you that you're gay
Man is a dog's idea of what God should be. ~Holbrook Jackson
Just when I thought my life was coming together, I realized it was just starting to fall apart.”
Well after a frustrating practice Tuesday night. Tonights practice/scrimmage was a good one & a lot better. Still need some work though.
Congratulations! Good luck in NYC.
thanks for following look forward to getting to know you and Source Interlink
To the people posting videos on YouTube of "why I hate One Direction" you're just mad cause Louis' ass gets more views than you.
No supermarket, no library, dist 9 has certainly been left behind
A special #FF to because he often tweets about how awesome I am & is the only person in the world who actually believes it.
Stevens by a long shot RT : Who looks more like they could put on a jersey&pass as a player: Lehigh Reed or Butler's Stevens?
#iLoveWhenYou smile at me out of no where :)
Stop speaking spanish I don't know what the fuck you're saying
oh just a bad cold. Plus I opened this morning so I didnt sleep well
hit me up !
After a prolonged absence I think may be back on the tweet sauce. Very exciting!
had a blast. Great to meet you!
RT : Religion has it right. There IS only ONE true God. They're only wrong in believing He loves and belongs solely to......
If at first you don't succeed, f&ck it. What's on TV?
OOH! HAPPY BIRFDAY! :D I'm still stealing cake though. ^.~ You're old now!
Be who you want to be, not what others want to see.
Got certified to teach Turbo Kickboxing! I can't wait to bring this class to Nashville!
Me too!! HAHA! I just was not in the mood this morning. I'm going to a party tonight so i'll attack this mane after work.
I hope you're feeling better. glad you could finally see our place!
Plz follow me its my dream
Please Read this! I LOVE Your Voice its So Beautiful!! I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS!
it's not that bad I click on links that say do not click here. I don't know why
2 scenes completed today for 'Damaged Goods'... All went very well!!
True. I'm all about keeping Austin from becoming NYC/LA. Perhaps the underlying concern.
using the restroom to take a leak can be stressful just remember to shake three times if you shake more your playing with it
“: Oh yes. I have invented 14 new things and solved the energy crisis and also knitted hats for my cats.”
Life sucks and then you die.
Perfect, thanks!
that i do
Thanks to folks who donated funds and thank you gifts to the show last week. You're supporting TCT + free speech radio via -- Hooray!
Wish I could mic slam like the POTUS but I'm usually at a podium.
I heard an NPR interview with you this afternoon. You are adorable!
TITLE: ultra mega unique beauty with captivating eyes.
Nice brass weld work on these butt joints. My hat is off to the American works Dayton #Ohio 1940.
yes! If you have then can be my best man.
Even the Timbers reserves getting in on the winning action, 1-0 today over Vancouver. Great road trip!
whoa dere , liam bagging those biddies
It's summer! Back to my old ways
If I haven't got destroyed & completely shut down yet , I never will. I'll always pick myself up and keep moving ..
The new Killer Apps of the Net: Communication, Content, engagement, reality.
Getting ready to #Denver with youtu.be/Fp0Y_XCHUbY
#SomeoneIdLikeToMeet Ray Lewis one of my heroes and true inspirations to play the game I love
"I'd let Oomf ride my tongue....I neva ate cootie tho lol" ? LOL I have all the right to laugh!!
make sense
is now UFC tv. Need to start MotoTV that Plays everything from Crusty 1 to live races!
Is too exhausted after heavy workout!
made many a deposit I'm sure
Thanks - we were alerted to the error and everything is resolved now.
Congratulations and welcome to the chapter
Sheila Kloefkorn from KEO Marketing just schooled us on The Ways of Google. Content and content are spelled the same but way different!
Today is my fathers 50th birthday! Yay Dad!!!
Driving out of nyc at 6 pm. Wish me luck.
Affirmed! MT : So thrilled with all the people in my life who are brave, passionate & joyful. Together we're remaking the world.
Thanks again to from #ABC15 for joining the #WCGAPS investigation Saturday nite...
I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home. - Robert Orben
pretty please you would make my night. :-)
“: Completely freaked by the cover of #TIME this month”>>>I said the same thing! That's a whole toddler!
Anytime I get a tweet like that, my day is made. xoxo. So fun hanging today.
Is there an American between the ages of 15&35 w/ a real interest in semi/pop culture who couldn't be plausibly tagged w/ term "hipster"?
WeHo's cool. They're repaving the street right in front of the library so patron's will have a nice smooth ride into the lot.
my teams name in Spanish >>>>> ;)
RT : Whatever you do in your life, make sure it has meaning...and do it with passion!
My name is , and I am still a
I like it too!! // Secret confession: I like Eminem and Rihanna's new song. #ilovethewayyoulie (via )
We're just here way too early.
#wmnldrs. Joanne Brandes says yo always stay on line with your values no matter what!
I've been reading WoT for years and want #AMoL asap, but I just started WoK & agree w/my BF, waiting for WoK2 is harder!
Just like Friday, Lombardozzi single in 1st, Harper walked 1st at-bat, Ankiel single in 2nd
When does it start ? RT : I can't wait for PRIDE season! Bring it on :)
24-17, so no Irish Wake last night, thank God.
Wedding coming up? See us about getting those teeth looking bright white.
I'm already doing it but my SIL is interested if nobody else has claimed it yet. Let me know.
installed #iOS5 on my 3GS, liking the new unobtrusive notifications system
everyone runs around saying how tyler perry must be stopped; my vote is solidly with russ parr, lol
Thanks for the retweet and reference!
Nigga. Yes I do, and just go with me? Duhh.
Opportunities are calling... Please hit me!!!
thanks for the mention - I appreciate it!
You're welcome! RT thank you!
Literally JUST realized where invites are on LinkedIn. I was wondering why I never got any love. Just made 100 friends in 5 minutes.
Times Square station steel drum player slaying "Hava Negilah" upon my arrival. Big morning for subway platform music.
Happy Easter to U all :) hope U'll have a great weekend!
that's not his real kik..cause Austin's aunt even said he wasent gettin a new PO box address
Just got my Mac back! Logic board was replaced and now works perfect :)
I'M NOT QUICK TO FORGIVE BECAUSE PEOPLE DON'T USUALLY MAKE JUST ONE MISTAKE... ;-|
WI fishing season has been in full swing for a whole week and I have a stupid ass sunburn to prove it.
I just want to be chased after for once.
The health of the people is really the foundation upon which all their happiness and all their powers as a state depend.
My lady likes to get dressed up all classy and kick Lil Kim lyrics. Great deal!!!
thanks right ..lol
No problem. Thanks for taking a look. :)
I will never give the love a meaning!
thanks for obliging my requests last night. Had a good time.
Adam Richman always makes me smile although today I cannot smile no matter what :(
Can't wait for a sushi lunch w/ & I'm starving!!!
verifying everything with the compliance office right now. Should have the names out shortly.
It also helps a lot when you make every put between 5' to 15' on the final round. Save pars--win the tournament.
hahaha... wtf are we doing on twitter! like OH EMM GEE. i never use this thing... haha
Yep. So what are you up to?
“Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure.”~Earl Wilson
no i take dat back.. im hongry
its going great my aunt Jenna fell and its still the laugh of the day
NO ONE YETX
This forgotten gem is turning collector's heads like it did back in 1988 and will be known as the most valuable Jose Canseco card on earth!
yea I know .. Lmao
I'm super happy. :) you?
I miss you
yess!! Exactly mfs need to realize that
I meant room mate
you too! thanks for your help promoting as well
Thanks to you and all of the walkers & volunteers! RT : thank you for making a difference today!!!!
": Heat win Game 1 despite losing Chris Bosh to menstrual cramps."
&&' again he goes back to the rude ass he always was :/
I just shed a tear.
Perfect time for a nap
Five-star hotels booked for weddings on 5/5/55 - Chicago Tribune
I find that it works better after a ton of historical conversation has happened...
New to Twitter, wish me luck.
not much you
Two weeks ago, my boyfriend of 4 1/2 years asked for clarification on my middle name... Do people always mess up your name?
Well, I survived not getting my ass kicked in Nashville last night while sporting my Wisco gear
So weird. I'm getting password errors for my FTP with Transmit and FireFTP, but I can log in just fine with Coda. What the heck.
“: I LOVE THIS CITY #MIAMI”……you are here?
This line is way too fucking long.
OHMYGOD,the graduation celebration that James is talking at is free and open to the public.SOMEONE TAKE ME PLEASE.
My pleasure to share. Great post! I really liked the dunk tank analogy
IN THREE WORDS I CAN SUM UP EVERYTHING I'VE LEARNED ABOUT LIFE: IT GOES ON. -FROST
“When you are right you cannot be too radical; when you are wrong, you cannot be too conservative.” – Martin Luther King Jr.
you just <3 people
saw a first draft of my music video today.......o.... :)
I've been good and u?
At a local football game!
#comingoutstory I feel so loved.
Come on all you KISSERS let us journey out to Corrales for the next big Tumbleweed show. January 26th at the Corrales Bistro
all the time lol
I wish
How can I make my divorce easier on my kids? #ChildrenandDivorce Stay tuned for answers.
That's weird - thought I was following! Am now.
#ECOMONDAY because they are the most innovative green thing to happen to Chicago
I have no life. I just listen I music all day and night. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
My #mancandy was the first to wish me Happy B-day last night. #courtney wasn't very happy about this.
To remind everyone, I am still the Mayor of Pittsburgh.
I know, I am so cold. Thinking the space heater may help in the morning.
Damn y do I keep running into dudes that have kids wtf
A SoBe Art Deco Resort Takeover. Party for 3 days & 3 nights w other lifestyle couples from around the world. Pkgs start at $1180 per cpl
True re: outside transparency. Like last minute amendment granting mayoral powers in hotelier vote.
I know you just won the masters, but get a better hairstyle!
Yes, your food group of sandwiches is an inspired choice that gives quite a bit of latitude.
I found an open network in the bar.
haha i just had some!!!
Mixing Lime Bacardi and Pepsi! taste Good! Merlot for later on!
I've got it for Drew , Bart for Bart Starr
Holy cow. Just what did put in Steve's Wheaties this morning? lol
Dnt hear nothing good wen u wake hear in New Orleans too many ppl got hurt last nite dis sum bullshit!! God bless us!
Nassau Co. Police are investigating a report of a person trying to talk to or lure a child walking home from Newbridge Road Elem. School.
Back to Arsenal.. Final Free kick for Arsenal. Goalie is up in the box. I need a picture in picture TV for days like this.
those snacks are awesome!
Best wishes for a peaceful experience! The other side is oh-so-worth-the-wait! God blessed you and I know u appreciate that. :-)
I need to pop some popcorn #LOST is on in a few!
Awesome weekend! Choir concert, The Beach, (500) Days of Summer, lazy Sunday, good dinner and company and game night!
I spit in your mouth when u sleep!
kmsl friend if you got to sneak & give me ur number then dnt it aint like I asked fa it #slick ass
I can't wait for Indy Pride Festival, it's gunna be a shit show!
new to twitter! introduce me to people :D
Schoolwork n skip bayless
2012....Take all events seriously, disasters to politics...you life depends on it!
hahahah, it's a real good one. It's my "give me money" face.
Have never been so sore in such a good way! I think I feel what they call "abs"
I'm on omegleee, come and try to find mee :) I'm saying K J LO
Rev. Jesse Jackson on ed reform - "It is a Race to the Top...for those who can run"
Just three days until we welcome admitted students at Columbia Connect! Let us know if you are coming with the tag
If I start tonight I might be able to get everyone. So, here we go.
so like in my school.. we made clay mask of people and i made Harry and every1 is like WHO THE HELL IS HE? I HATE LIVING IN USA.. they dumb
i hate when celebs dont retweet you or follow u it lowers my self asteem
I noticed that myself. It will mention you have retweets but no one listed.
fair enough. but, completely seriously: > any kind of music ever created
Done forgot my twitter email and password smh. Hopefully i never gotta log out dis bitch
I got Hannah a new scooter for Christmas I think it might be time for me to take a ride lol
Blackman Kallick is expanding! We are seeking an experienced accounting and finance recruiter to join our team. Please message me for det…
Excellent lunch at today...veggie quesadilla and a small bowl of vegan chili.
Thanks for the follow! It is much appreciated!
Big shout out to at #AIIP board mtg. for her webmastery!
Oh ok reading it was Jessica biel
I think we have enough youth. How about a fountain of smart?
I'm excited, nervous, happy all at the same time!!
let's go to Jamaica! LoL!
prove it
alright then...im sure nikko doesnt care. but i actually have a game at 5 lbs..i told you id come after
The greatest hindrance 2 the advancment of God's Kingdom in these times is religion. It was religious leadrs who crucifed Jesus not sinners
I live literally right behind that :).
What will fix the economy: belief that the economy is getting better and will continue to do so.
Day 89 of 100: I am thankful for sleeping in.. same number of hours, but it feels goo-ood!
Be careful who you marry, because the only thing worse than being lonely is wishing you were
I like watching older episodes of a cartoon show. The voices of the characters are weird and not as awesome.
congrats on the new phone!
Sugar Cafe is open on Easter Sunday! Come do brunch with us!
sharing #flipclass model w/ my dept on tues. can you share you favorite resources to add to my collection? should be inform. about flipping
freaky ass lol
Thank you for the follow! Green Consulting - may stop and see you in Seattle sometime.
#ThingsThatINeed are actually people Zayn, Harry, Louis, Niall, Liam ONE DIRECTION IS WHT I NEED!!!!!!! <33
Oh! I love new car smell! Enjoy!
Listening to Meat Beat Manifesto OMG
im still low key practicing!!.. i havent start piercings yet but i am :-)
The Roots were jamming to the iPhone ringtone on the Jimmy Fallon show. Nice!
I LOVE the Icehouse! Enjoy.
I am so happy the sky is clear. Hopefully it will stay that way so we can see supermoon!
Tis the season to celebrate women & tech! Congrats to all of you & cheers to your success! Join us for one of many events...
Prepare for war, gentlemen.
Why settle? You can sue all day and spank all night.
I will.. Definitely
Congrats to Don Smith on his piece last week in the Oregonian last week on European travel.
Need help getting boogs out of your carpet? We can help!
RT : Stop by the truck today for #Free Screening tix to the movie WHAT TO EXPECT WHEN YOUR EXPECTING from
Something else: Can Karma be scientifically proven?
All the time
Always be grateful and thankful for what you have now, You never know when it all might go away.
My hands are shaking right now
At pick 8 you can grab a still good RB and then a good QB or WR on the way back earlier.
Watching #BlackGirlsRock! Hope you tune in too, even if just for a little bit.
Ellen Levy, David Rothenberg, Gerald Borgia & Nathaniel Comfort discuss intersections of art & evolution at 3/22
like a bosh...
Mentioned my new treat is a grapefruit juice slushee. I've eaten it everyday for over a week. Boring? No...
From the deepest feelings within my heart I wanted to thank you for allowing love to come forth come forth. m.e.
Is Bill Arneson still the coach?
Not a cirque fan
Laptop is broken aqain -,-
Warm welcome new followers!
Oh. Wow. That is astonishing.
JUST UNDID MY TYE DYE SHIRT ITS AMAZING HOLY SHIT
Just put a bid on a nice house. Fingers crossed.
what makes it shocking is I know the company ethos isn't like that
RT u in beckham bodywear might get me back east.
Brew Crew looked amazing today!
Today is the first day of the rest of your life, so get out there and… then again, tomorrow is also the first day of the rest of your life.
Cindy is stunning yes , but Stacy you are amazingly gorgeous !! From a longtime fan !
thanks for the follow
why do u do this to me?! I thought you loved your rushers! Hahaha
Just got a little giddy as I put the LAST item on my shopping list in my basket at Yes!
#nowplaying - the longer I run, Peter Bradley Adams
We're so incredibly proud of our overseas friends! <3 RT : Love ; they're all just amazing <3
Decent shot put form in pic. Lf leg lock good, lf elbow low, release point high, not enough hip.
#astdrmc-Denison Cultural model helps combine cultures without loss of innovation during merger-acquisition
Right now we have a concept of "cover" whereby you are awarded proficiency for some easy exercises if you finish hard ones first
Well its almost 2012 RT IF YOU WANT SOMETHING BIG TO HAPPEND IN THIS YEAR (,= SOMETHING BIG IMWANT TO HAPPEN D IN MY LIFE IS
I love you NewYork
Katrina haahha yes do that! And then he'll come put and ull be like rite there and it wld b awesome!
I wish it was the 50s were every guy was a hopeless romantic and I'll be that one girl with the poodle skirt youll love :)
It's Mighty Kat's birthday. PR's are required.
I knew you would! Hahaha! XD so you didn't say one word to Sean?
aloha and you are welcome!
have fun with that. I'm pretty sure he hates you.
told u son how was the session at the gym
Table read for my new project! They Live Among Us! Went super smooth and very fun cast! I play a pissed off gf throwing out my bf!
Ladies and Gentlemen... Nick "How Clay Got His Sack Total Back" Perry!!!
told you! But I still got kinda soaked...
All our group at Pomona.. will be attending Irvine & Ventura.. I know there's like 4 of us going to all 4..
And categories (?). And history. We'll also want to preserve URLs as much as possible. Lots of moving parts
Ever notice how it's a penny for your thoughts, yet you put in your two-cents? Someone is making a penny on the deal!-- Steven Wright
They have four, FOUR, rings in 12 years. The Big 3 have 1 COMBINED in 9 years. There is no argument. Now go win one for Texans! Pls
Dang I just put my car on craiglist, and seven people wanna buy it already
your boss works you too hard
People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy. - Oliver Goldsmith
The Pharisees were good men, but hyper religious. They sought to follow over 600 laws, to make sure they were right with God.
You know what, Staples? Keep my $38. I get shell shock when I enter your store.
Going home to New Orleans for much needed vacation
indeed. Whether it is by the way I purchased it or not is debatable.
great tweet
that is awesome you are winning in racquetball. where do you play at?
good advice > RT : over 1000 tickets already sold for make sure you get yours early since prices go up per avail.
No one told me it was national hamburger month
so ready to get back to LA....a month gone is long...lol...3 more days n counting!
": I'm LOVIN this SIxers squad and their energy. They're not afraid of Miami."// Y should they be, have u seen the #heat play?
OOOOhhh so jealous I want to see a Tampa hockey game! I have to look if they play the Caps up here or down there. Miss you!
why, #blogathonATX of course!
I was kind of devastated when I found out Lady Jaye passed away. Did you enjoy it???
just make me happy& follow me&so i can finally prove my friends wrong!they say u will never notice me but i say
i feel ya lmao
;( love ya
hush up
Uecker slightly misjudged the Aramis fly out
My life has turned into returning emails all of my time.
Thank you so much! Great promise in Texas for future of libraries and emerging technologies- you guys have perfect oppty to seize!
12 hours & Relay was a success! Thank you's: 1 Starbucks grande WC mocha w/ soy, 1 Diet Coke, 1 Five-hour energy, & H20!
"Mysterious 'Hum' Only Canadians Can Hear" #yahoonews It's the sound of maple being extracted from trees. . .
- mypleasure. yogaqueenLaure'n's the best. up late...excited about lifeblissmeditation (YogaChurch) at Laure'n's tomorrow
Hey if any of you wanna talk just DM me :) I like to talk to all yall (ladies) ;)
Mm yeah, it's delish. I keep meaning to head over to the brewery. I'm good, but I miss pizza & NY! How's married life? And NY?
first experience at catalyst. Been awesome...except for the stranger kissing and groping on stage at the preshow.
he is so cute good luck
#SometimesYouHaveTo show people better than you can tell them...
Just met one-eyed willy, except it was a golden retriever with one eye. So adorable!!!
's are going to sprout parsley leaves soon.
I don't wanna sound like a badass or anything..but I play the Wii without the wrist strap
RT : Yes >> RT : A good teacher makes 300 feel connected just as well as 45 #meded SERIOUSLY
The sucker yet again
Happy Valentines day to all!!! Even if you're single, someone still loves you!
I might when I get my secdual
People Always Tell Me I Look Better In Person -.-
OH at : "If you're 'super pumped' about something, is that hyphenated?"
Mariano: I don't know what you're gonna do. I just want to say thank you. You truly were the best.
Thanks for sharing my tweet! Cheers, and enjoy the rest of SX!
#BreakoutKings crazy season finale. Damn good show!
Are people seriously fighting over which artists they are fans of? Really?
I love itty bitty piggy.
Friday Fuji Dinner Deal -$9.99 from you...gets you soup, salad with Fuji Dressing, chicken and shrimp with noodles or fried rice from us.
LeGarrette Blount just made an awful play, that's all you can say.
RT : Beta of 4MeNU -- micro review site for restaurants and businesses where you can earn points/Sway is alive!...
you read my mind exactly
love how the guy i like has a girlfriend fuck my life:( hahaha on to the next one shit.
They lost to Butler last year
L1C you later
I just want to see this Clarity video.
Watching the Change-Up and cracking up more than I expected. So unexpectedly hilarious...
seriously no one can take that title away from you. Props. you were there when I literally knew no one at UW.
sounds like someones kitty litter needs cleaned.
Are you dancing yet ? I doubt it, but I am sending you some love. XO
Catch ya Tuesday Dan
thank you so much. We all work very hard at it. Where Going in tour in June! Where are you from?
that dude is super good
Lol. xD 3rd base is scary..he had me play like 5 feet away from the home plate. No joke.
winning run off a balk?
This class was so competitive that for you to be even in the top 10 percentile you needed at least a 5.5 weighted GPA
the only thing a guy should want to change about his girl, is her last name; adress; and her view point on men.
agreed; I'll come with you
Still not over the fact that my works premium giveaway is a lululemon sweatshirt
Life is what you make of it.
It's nice having her back!
LOVING Toyota Center right now, feels like playoffs! #RedNation fans bringing it tonight!!
People have a lot of misconceptions about anarchism but I can tell you, as I slog through this whitepaper on consensus, it is REALLY BORING
NO, I think you should call me ;) even though I dont have a phone since Im your cheek..oh well :)
": So...do all those Dynamo players get yellows for hopping the wall and celebrating?" *Wondering same thing. Let em celebrate
omg that show gives me the creeps
Do something awesome !!!
never too early!
YESS !& prank James and Patrick LMAO. im just laughing thinking about it. LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO<3
Yeah it is!
Vote: aye 74, no 43. Passes. I'll grab a roll call...
At my favorite place in the world, Barnes and Noble. I remember that one time when and I bought sex books. Lolz good times.
Good morning!!
follow me
Hope you're feeling better <3 Love You! Follow?
sometimes you have to take a few steps back so you can leap forward. Stay positive bud!
Oh my goodness! What is this? A cupcake newsblog thing? I LOVE IT! Tell me more!
lol u gon be in trouble
I'll be your row boat, you'll be the Queen Mary.
NO LINE at the Manolo sale #nyc at the warwick hotel 65 W 54st. all sizes, great selection #run! is still here
the paper is interrupted by two other papers, lol Such is grad school life, but progress is good, thanks for asking! :)
players too, but what good's a system with neutral arbitrator if it's perceived that any decision against 1 side gets him canned?
Hooray for lovely students! We really are blessed here at
Girls that act ghetto when they aren't
Come try the Shrimp Po Boy with fries for lunch today!
My neighbor named Ginger dyed her hair red.
Reading Beyond Good and Evil....great piece of philosophy..very much recommend it!
Was it 0?
Speak for yourself, Matt. All day I dream about shrimp. And I'm not the only one. I think Korn wrote a song about it.
the mall is attachment central.
All day i've felt like something was missing...
Gr8 night hanging w/ Lindsay, Taylor, Kai & Ava...MUCH NEEDED!
Beginning the long arduous process of figuring out how yet another social-networking site works. Oh ain't it a blast... Better than sex..;O)
was on THE LATE JIMMY FALLON SHOW on 10/15/2010 as a Dancing Chilean Miner!
Lack of scoring by the second rank offense in regular season is reminding me of 2 years ago. will need someone to pick it up.
Another night of writing complete. :)
Ima flatiron that shit!! ": Well we are going to meet him & braid his hair lolRT fuck yes!!"
THE REFS MIND AS WELL BE WEARING HEAT UNIFORMS...LOL
nice, I'm less douchey then all but... Gasp ?!? Z what happened?
like wtf is wrong with northern suburban kids these days?
ohh im from dominican republic but i live in new york and you ;D ?
Heading into the monastic void 4 few days. Please supply your own nerdy, snarky, and/or rhetoric-y posts in the meantime. See ya!
in the bed sick, watching family guy!
Nice! I like the Video
i believe in the #maddencurse just as much as i believe in the #curseoftito :|
I can submit tons of girls including more of bhole girl destiny if your welling to help me out?
im gonna go watch Jaws 2 and fall asleep with my puppy because im just that cool
Throwback Thursday going to the Maine concert
During these eoc's #music has been my bestfriend.
#Snapple fact: "India has a Bill of Rights for Cows." Hmm, you learn something new every day!
I sure will take pics along the way of my journey
Closed for the day! Back again next Friday! Have a great week!
there's a Loteria Grill on Sunset I think also.
good night! :)
The website is coming along great! All dealerships will be adding their information this week.
RT when do u vault??/// Tomorrow at 8:30 eastern
Tip #131: Online...When down to 3 tables in an mtt open up all tables and take lots of notes. This will give you a sneak preview.
Say no more RT : lol betta then old times we got more money now
My phone keeps infill owing you... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Noelle beams of Clearwire says mobile traffic growing in huge leaps and clear has network to support demand for capacity.
Check May/June #ScientificAmericanMind final page, #MindinPictures, on #vaccinations. Too true and very scary. More measles, mumps, deaths.
Let us know when you get it and what you think!
but did he do the moonwalk correctly?
Emma is being a little shoot! Lol.
i play for the wizards we goin to the playoffs
what's up ? We need to get together. Its been a while. Rip Easy E and Humphrey AKA SINBAD L. A. Breakers
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> they'll always be mountains to me lol
Valentine was still the best adventure, and story, ever! Can you believe that was 4 years ago?!
My work is done for the night. I'll be up in a couple hours. Night everyone.
Help me out. Did I run Danny over? I dipped my shoulder & him bouncing off is all I remember. I turned after that lol.
Today is National Noodle Day! How are you going to celebrate? Pho, ramen, spaghetti?
#ificouldwishforanything it would be immortality
#dtc354 rita raley gives great examples of mobile devices infiltrating space and place and how the concept of "reading" is transcended.
Thank you. It's been extremely hard, but we're moving on the best we can.
Don't wanna deal with this anymore! :'( need more sleep! Night
In the new Ultimate Spider-Man universe, let’s start calling the tingling “spidey-sense” what it really is: menopause.
Hope I get my Hair cut tomorrow!! Im ready
excellent article.
Happy birthday to the freshest lady in the Bay
I really dislike watching watching these stupid fake half ass remodeling shows especially the ones that have some stupid bimbo host
hope you've lightened up some. Barry's been all but MIA too.
I am speaking about how urban freeways ruined cities tomorrow
Pine cones, piccolo, pianissimo
RT : SeeSaw is a visual discovery platform that allows you to see Tweets in a new way
Ill admit I grew up too fast, but I had to, to survive.
I want ice cream.
I LOVE 'HOLISTIC HEALING ALTERNATIVES'! Location: Downtown L.A. 1400 olive. (213) 746-4445. I'm OMW there! ;-)
old school Foo Fighters >>>
Just got a win SAAN!! Bangin like a biscuit!
lol green ass
A relationship tested through time and distance is the hardest but the strongest.
I wasn't aware that show was still on?! Podcast Available?
that it is. So... how did we deal with that?
No plans today? Head over to the SW Waterfront for Fireworks, Food Trucks, and a Beer Garden! National Cherry Blossom Festival
I believe most call that a Freudian slip.
Seen them all, but love the often-overlooked Hannah & Her Sisters! Wish I could visit just to see it on the big screen.
Hardtop comes off for the summer tomorrow. Soft top until September
Inspirato Surpasses 10000 Nights in Member Stays
If a guy that was about to die in the electric chair had a heart attack should they save him?
I am!
if not, I'll certainly be at the "letting go" session at AAM in about a week... And tweeting :)
so, im kinda REALLLYYYY READY to see the BOYFRIEND music video! :) i know it will be awesome!
waiting on ppl kills. ._.
the risks are greater--to career, family, reputation.
Kind of sad St.John's is out...always fun to see how close they get to running out of players...were about 2 fouls away this afternoon
New Profile Picture <3 .,
this is good
watching thor. sort of mystery science theater style. including about five minutes of puns on loki's name.
Whoa! The line of people waiting outside of Sub-T in the rain for The Drums is out of control.
Thank you for your great comment on my blog. Much appreciated!
To the mall
It sure does!
I'm so over this sickness! I just wanna feel better already so I can start going to the gym again :(
sick night tonight... dave I miss u and heyloveydovey sick hardcore band
Because I'm so hopelessly old school I didn't realize how far it has gone until I read your piece.Outlaw sliding is a good step
I agree with you...again a sign BB is not taken seriously
cannot wait for the show!
Thanks so much for the RTs Lets keep working for a more just society.
If only all episodes of #GreysAnatomy were 2 hours & this amazing!!
If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right. - Henry Ford
good run...thought I went faster but oh well. I just finished a 3.42 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Today is officially my "Catching up on Sleep" Day. It's been a loooongggg week!
So it turns out that humans don't know how to look up in that movie. Or aim guns.
Opted out of the creepy-naked-pictures-of-me-technology & had a really nice time w/ the TSA lady. In fact, all the TSA were chipper today.
- YOUR WHITE! lmao (;
She's the best!
Hey how about that #thursdaynighthoopla ?
Happy New Year! We'll need to talk about iPhone dev and test in the new year.
"i miss my boyz, so i'm going to 8 flavahs." NO. SIT DOWN BEFORE I SHOVE A FRUIT CUP UP YOUR NOSE.
dat purple hair is fiya...i got a mohawk what color if i get color should i get?
Thank you... I enjoyed leading it -- and hopefully you're still remembering today!
Congrats to Sean and all the team for their terrific production of PARADE.
bet you're glad to have suggs back aren't you?
True or False? Exercise causes stress on the body.
Sushi samba followed by Tao and Tao beach then onto marquee..... Yeah players...!still going
You'll have to stop by & ask—flavors change daily/randomly! RT : how can I learn your popcorn flavor of the day?
I Lovee Youu , and Even Though You Might Never Notice Me ,I'll Never Give Up! Because I'm An #Angel <333
Pat Summit. Legend.
in a bit, watching a movie!
Ready for my 5 hour comatose
Looking for some fall shopping fun this weekend? We LOVE on Monroe Street #Madison. Great wedding gifts & holiday surprises.
Happy mothers day to my wonderful mums here in USA . We are blessed.
that quote from #NightsInRodanthe is so true for me.
I thought today was Cinco de Mayo! Apparently its Drive Amber Crazy day
#ThingsEminemTaughtMe He can't be my Superman.
FIRST ON CNN: Romney drops challenge for OH delegates - CNN (blog)
Dec 15, 1925, Clarence William's Blue Five recorded "Shake It Down And Get It Fixed" in New York City for OK Records.
Well goodnight.
you mean the whole 10 minutes you were actually watching??
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO
Live at the Rocket Room Feb 24 Brohydez, Locksmith ,Dirtbag Dan and others!!!!!!!!!
also suggested libraries commit to a URI policy
Ending a 12 hour live tweet for work. Beyond exhausted.
Have your phone on You tmrw. I'm going to need a lot of emotional support... lol
Black males represented the largest percentage 35.4 % of inmates held in custody, followed by white males 32.9 %& Hispanic males 17.9 %
Getting excited for the contra LDU Quito tomorrow hopefully my brother has the cable channel to watch
If you could have us personally serenade you, what would you want us to sing?
It makes me somewhat irritated when one of my students got a 28 on his act but will have to pay out of state tuition because "illegal" but..
Somebody to talk?
I dont like you by accident i like you cause i want to
Studio Session w/ at Studio Tomorrow STRAIGHT WORKING...!!
Im addicted to Mj
Smooth leaves, the score. If you need him the rest of the evening, he'll be in the restroom. 3-1 Hawks
thanks Mere, happy Easter :)
I love that song by Madonna Miles Away.. b.c. it's so true.
The most fascinating thing this week was how obviously turned on Ann Romney was by Donald Trump during endorsement
ok il share sharing is carring :)
Good morning, MLA! Hope everyone is enjoying the plenary...looking forward to the UNT jazz performance....how lucky are we?!
Partying with 65+ year olds makes me feel like a real woman. Plus it's.more runner.
or a whole pie
i like the gap. these are the favilas by the way
Parent is shocked at how 35 primarily Latino teachers are seen as disposable while other teachers are getting a raise.
"Call it the mellowly ambitious grownup bohemian."
um i yhu had to guess how many fights hav yhu got n to
Tweet Tweet
#ladiesshouldnever be a side chick!!
I don't never park forward, I just back it in. . .
;) ok we'll TRY to stay out of "Lush", that's all I can say @ this point..ya we've been staking out places, farmers market too
Red Wings notes and quotes from Thursday&#39;s game
I'm past my LEVEL everyday SIS
8240 ;D I just now saw that.. xD
I love your tweets!!!! :) they are so inspirational! <3
It's official - Randy Moss is a Viking again. What team wouldn't want Moss for a 3rd round pick?!
I would never leave.
I'd have to sell drugs to the third instrumental lmfao
Cool! You should have submitted it to They have a daily feature with several sunset photos from around DC.
Jim homebrews, and he's been on a Warrior hop kick lately. IPAs he likes: Racer 5, Steelhead DIPA, Lagunitas, Stone.
Woo! RT : #UFOIsh is taking off doe.
Shoot an email to Dave Kenyon, our bar manager---
I like your new Twitter page.
Outsmart = OutBRAND! MT : Herman Cain: "We must outsmart the liberals."
If only I could remember all of that time ....
NO it's not. Which is why I'm saying you shouldn't bully someone else. Do you know how many people have committed suicide-
Thanks! Good luck!
Weird morning
I'm always concussed now and days <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Think Freely !.
#Aboutasagittarius When the Sagittarius gets a sense of the big picture, they'll work night and day to reach a goal.
got anything in tx. Funny thing I used to live in Atlanta
Don't tell me you're in Hawaii too? We couldn't make it because we can't leave Elvis with anybody. Just mourns/growls at everybody.
This is the first time I've been in Philly and it's actually sunny.
The bailiff is calling the names. The storm is brewing outside.
Nambu is starting to act up, and they don't make it anymore. Anybody know any other good twitter clients for mac?
jungle needs taming? I get it lasered honey - it's like a turtle shell there.
haha, okay. the blanton stuff was good
follow me please <3
boy u balling lol
I love my Mommy so much. She Calls me out of school whenever I want <3
how old are you anyway? just askingg. :)
#succulentchicken Just plain succulent.
I thought you new... My bad kid
Hey wassup everyone, Heading out to Spin & Hydrate in Boystown and would love to see you there.
RT "I know I should respect your point of view, but I find it difficult because you're a complete idiot.”
So glad! RT : Thx Kristen (awesome waitress!) & for awesome meal & great service. Love everything abt this place
It's not "twittering" it's tweeting. What a loser!
*Inhales*LALALALALALALALALALALAWORDSWORDSWORDSLALALALALALALALALASPEAKINGSPEAKINGSPEAKINGLALALALALALAHAHAHAHAHA*exhales*
The 70's version was the scariest! The Oldies are always the Goodies!!! Keep the lights (0_0)
Big Bill doesn't usually broadcast his plans ( has assassins everywhere!), but look for me at the Art Institute on Monday!
Great night for the east end fest. Finally the weather is nice. Disappointed there isn't a country stage this year :(
Go Follow They giving out great tips for independent #Artist .........
Classy 500: using citrus squeezer thingie and exploded my lemon out the side. So, it appears im pretty awesome at mixology so far.
yepp so how waz it lik wen u met them ^.^ wait how com u met them 3 times ? o.0
RT Bus driver arrested 4 driving intoxicated on daily route - Nice statements- reminds me of #JMS481 standby statements!
There are many organizations that presume that their communication levels are adequate
Alright people, I will suspend disbelief for a while. Thanks for talking me off the ledge.
thank you too!
You got my vote
If you want a follow back just ask :D
Every minute that you spend being angry, you lose sixty seconds of being awesome. Don't be wasteful.
Dropping a new song and the album release date in a half hour. Get stoked.
Just finished my softball game.we won 4-0....lol
I would to, and re-enact scenes from the X Files while I was doing it.... but I might be a nerd...
I just don't want to be in a situation where I'm constantly reading through C++ code to understand the APIs.
Nasal polyps are growths that occur in the nasal passages or #sinuses. They develop from chronic inflammation.
“Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination and life to everything.”
<U+2665> I tweeted those same pics 2 Shawn's girlfriend via his twitter. She has a little crush of her own.. <U+2665> Hope he didn't mind! lol
Rumi lounge tonight! No cover 21+ I have free tonyc jam tickets for july 3rd! Arrive early to get them ill be giving them away for free!
I know that Olivia, I just wanted you to get a good feeling for how beautiful & sexy I think you are. How're you both doing
hey thanks for the daily five mention
actually.. we need designs for same band - new project.
Speaking this morning on San Diego Hospitality Industry panel. Tourism & conventions generate over 150,000 jobs in San Diego
Tax Returns for Massachusetts Candidates Show Neither Qualifies as Average
Rusher here's a Mexican who loves and admires you and wants you to say Holaaaa!!
I just watched it. It was so good!!(: I loved it<3 and I'm sure they will to(: great job(:
Wow Andrew Bynum had 30 rebounds tonight?
I sent you an email with the link to download it.
Yup i definitely saw you. Me and my friend were most definitely staring haha.
i told like everybody to follow and subscribe <3 <3 #Congrats :D
RT : 1 of the tests of #leadership is the ability 2 recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency. -Arnold H. Glasow
off to work for another 9 hour shift.
Good productive day! <3
There's an album cover in that photo somewhere. Hope your ankle is okay!
": I would txt #oneoyfollowers but i aint got time for that sometimes shit"god damn its.
John Jackson has offered his point of view on illegal immigration, now we go to Jack Johnson for his rebuttal
remember when i said every day you continue to do something more amazing than the last? This was another one of those days<3
What's your favorite beauty tip?
Looking forward to tonight's Copper Quill Awards, wtih some of the Valley's top communication pros!
Thanks for the mention
Good morning & Happy Mother's Day
Do you want LA to win cause you like them or because you hate Phoenix? Personally I just hate Phoenix.
Caribia is very similar except everybody, drinks from coconuts, has a goat, smokes weed and has dreadlocks...
looks like a gorgeous day!
finished three demos this morning for #ASTD2012 on a very cool new device.
wow, I can't spell today... deleting that one!
get used to seeing no basketball
: Good information. Got anything to say about parent/child relationships? Or long-term friendships?
I'm SO happy Avengers made 200 million in it's opening weekend. The movie deserves every penny, one of the most entertaining movies ever.
I'm bored as hell...I shouldv went to church. I always plan on going to church but I never get my lazy butt up. Lord knows I need to go
Karl von Clausewitz~ The backbone of surprise is fusing speed with secrecy.
OKC is having a block party with the Lakers...Smh
Thx for tweets during gov's presser
Ump's arms clearly were up. Wondering how baserunners were supposed to ignore that.
First down!
i love u and u rock can u follow me plezzz???? u always will be #1 to me!!!!
Ladies & Gents come see me 2day for a relaxing facial and or waxing service... The Plush way. ;)
My tomato plants in my container garden are doing great. I actually have some teeny little green tomatoes.
“: If your four year old has a Mohawk, you are a family of assholes.” interesting theory, ambassador Holman.
someone take me to sweet frog before mum comes =(
Here's what I don't get , how was this a typo: "National League MVP Ryan Braun's 50-game suspension upheld by arbitrator"
Having a blast in LA with my childhood buddies.
Awesome race, it's good to see Helio climbing the fence again.
I love the Saints but I'm a 9ers fan at heart, great game!
Also.. a second arrest made in connection with Killgore's disappearance.. all the details on News8
sounds like a damn good time
I take the days to chill and end up worst I can't win one. Feeling better than yesterday been drinking water like a maniac
geez he works in a bar women galore u trust him imagine if U workd in a bar but u trust him
With that dumb shit u can miss me
4 errors. AGAINST THE WORST TEAM IN BASEBALL
WOW! Awesome! Thanks!
thanks! Hope it was a great time for you!
" An Then I Saw The Light " Ha!
I need somewhere to have my party Friday night<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Reppin AV Pro at with screens, projection, and even last minute vga rentals. This is the kind of client for me!
The last 3 days were spent recovering and restoring my phone. If you've called or texted me in that span, do it again, do it again!
Hm what to do today ? Hmu XD
I think that professor is full of shit haha.
How will writers remember they've already used their "ultimate" quota?
Feeling extremely peppy and upbeat today. You've been warned. ;)
is it stinky? Lmao that's disgusting
Started day with MLK celebration hosted by Y. Milwaukee’s finest in action!
I don't actually know. Mostly small games with the occassional 5/10 or 10/20 nl I think..
7/11: Mark Towns Solo #Latin #Jazz #Guitar Tasting Room #Houston 8pm - 11pm
wake up and go find them dealz!
I can do noon.. Just depends on when Patty gets back
This week I performed as Janice Radway in an impromptu improv of The Dating Game for academics. I did not anticipate that being in my agenda
I'm your #1 fan
Good morning friend. So what's new & hip ?
I knew Ivy had the ring!
I've gotten so good at setting fake deadlines for grant writing, that I was shocked to discover that April 1st is Wed, not Mon.
FOLLOW FOR ME ==> PLEASE GO ! I am very please follow is my new account please everyone !!!!!!
Watching Avatar in 3d with my wife, we are 2 of 3 people in the theatre. Date night started with a great dinner at Kawon
So if its "anything goes" at #mansionelan tonight that means you dont have to wear clothes right ? Lol its gettin too hot !
Need to get to Comp USA this weekend, my motherboard just took its last last breath. Now to retype about 3 unfinished drafts...
Always looking for licensing opportunities so if you need music for anything, just let me know!
A Neal Peart in the making?????*S*
Confusing medical ailments with Mental Illness,
Come in today to check out our wide selection of Halloween Decorations!
Those people on Draw Something who just write the word instead of actually drawing something <<<
Everyone follow yea buddy :)
Spanish class is so boring
Just submitted poems for publication consideration at !! Crossing my toes for this one!
sounds like a great Saturday night... Enjoy!
Jennifer, here from Dallas! Hi everyone!
hop in the back private, what are ya? A girl or somethin? I love you woody (:
Hurdle for craft industry is legality of shipping.
Thanks for the support!
If you don't text me back, I'll never text you first again.
what about his Oscar snub for playing "E" in Ace Ventura? What about Funky Cold Medina??
my mama just brought me home an americano from starbucks. i'm so happy happy.
Strand Events Today: 2:00PM Shelby Community Band Holiday Concert - FREE
you mean you turn it off?
WEB NEWS: Roundup of single page websites
Argentina, Spain, Chile, Italy, Australia & France... where do you like your wine from?
what city?
Cause we're blowing like a C-4
Bring a Pinot Noir...It wrks better with most meals...and sex!! LOL!! Have a great day.
Handled my biz around all the suckas on I-405. Zombies pandora station on PCH are the payoff
Absolutely! We really appreciate it.
Read "The Very Hungry Caterpillar" to my son for the first time tonight. Good family time.
: "unfollow , follow this!!"
“: You should never want to be perfect, he who is perfect can never get any better. -Ashley M.L.” But wouldn't you be the bst
Ah #Mickelson can't catch a break on this dang hole!!
Human Experience continues to blow my mind with the talent and community they have created - great work Jeff and Joy!
Glad you enjoyed it! Thanks for coming in!
What's your favorite hiding place to keep the kids from finding the gifts?
"Will you go out with him again? Another Chance?" "Yes..I miss him way to much..he's always on my mind.." "AWE."
What can Brown do for you!!! Good J & Dunk by Shannon!!!
I need to purchase some $un$creen~
Hey Benita, how've you been? looking forward to hearing what you been working on lately. GBU!
... lol yea smh. Chinkstahs these days. Glad to see at least 1 Raider fan doesn't have me on block tho.
Leggo day at Mayfair! Trying to keep my composure! :D
Off to the mall soon for a much needed hair appt lol. Hope everyone enjoys their Saturday <3
Do you have your weeklong summer workshops on the calendar yet?
surprise ,surprise.. Berkin sent to minors. Hopefully for good! get rid of the bum!
It was such an unexpected experience. I see no problem in re-living last night. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
figured it out yep its me Had lots of fun promoting an #awesome run. Anybody from fox 25 running the
YEAH RT Going to watch harry potter again.Xx with :)
NO HABLO ENGLISH!!!...
Just wrote an article at work about Kashi -- reminds me of the good 'ole days at
So nice to see you at our neighborhood coffee shop:)
Rich Stadium !!!!
All my grades are in. Midterms were a success :)) now its time to sleep...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
long day long day happy to be here. goodnight
11 minutes, and I'm off desk. Hooray!
I don't know....high school felt like a rut.
Thanks! We certainly will!
I've been good. writing ALOT!
Are you seeing any good birds? Raina's almost stopped in Toledo. It should be clearing there pretty soon.
Great! I think your perspective, as student, employee, and social media/net guru, would be great for the discussion. :)
my mind = blown .
and wearing pink boxers
Okay--- back to working on stuff. site coming together.
- how much are you freaking out right now that they're playing Celebrity on #CougarTown "Alan Alda didn't create the polio vaccine!"
Sounds like DC.
I get to be the nature loving redhead that is as dumb as a blonde!
Danica all luck no talent on that one
it would make my life. #DREAMS make it happen-martin can come too
Michael, the younger Voltaggio ended up taking it. I guess he deserves it, he was hot AND creative, but Kevin... :(
yes, it's okay to drink mimosas at night while watching Supernatural and dyeing your hair. or whenever.
haven't read it yet, but I bought it for my neice b/c I'd heard such good things! Can't wait!
M...cooking up some beer cheese soup.
Finishing tracking Shockwave tomorrow for the new album; will be 6 songs tracked so far!
S/O to my lovely #NF Stay High!
I hate when people where YMCMB sweaters -.-
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to doesn't mean it's useless. ~Thomas A. Edison
caucus members said the lines may violate the voting rights act. they vowed to oppose, although stopped short of saying no yes votes
Tomorrow I get a new tattoo and I need y'all help on what I should get. I literally have ZERO ideas. What should I get?
Morning Chef Jeff.. Hey I'm a Fed Baby too. FCI Danbury.. I also did 360' with my life. Nursing RN!! Thanks!!
um wow. i,,really don't know what to say about that. hahahahah gotta love
FINISHED OUR NEW EP!!!STAY TUNED!
They discriminated against me because Im 29 and havent played football in over 11 years, I still have a skill or 2 left
haha Bill Buckner saves the day
“: stated his displeasure over hating geometry. #blasphemy” And he was right to do so!
Thanks! Be sure to take the survey yourselves~
Just saw a 70 yr old polish guy wearing a fubu crewneck sweatshirt.
:) he goes by the name Milkshakes Finnegan.
thank you for following. Stay connected!
As always, please feel free to contact us at 212-672-1905 or email us at if you have any questions!
noo i feel blah i have a cold!!! :/
two nl central teams in the nlcs and they're the weakest division in the mlb? Nonsense.
ya know... Haha go boilers!
And now I'm going to watch the #Community finale as it airs. Because...why not?
You know I've never been fond of Ted Nugent, but now I really wish the motor mouth from Motor City would just go away!
Where can I get info on One Search?
I was skeptical of casting Josh Hutcherson as #Peeta, but he totally won me over. I cried like a giant baby the whole time!
Welcome new followers and Looking forward to your tweets!
Thanks for the RT love! See you soon!
"Swaggie" seems like a dumb word.... It's seems like a word a five year old would say.... #NOHATE. I'm not trying to hate or anything.
Mary Kate Minaj
Stop in early Saturday morning Mention this tweet before 8am and get 25% off your drink
oh wow! How does that happen?! Someone reported ur shit I bet?! Wtf. I miss you!
At least the outline and some of the modules are complete.
Working and tryin to go home to rest
Very excited about tonight's Project Runway All-Stars! Mondo and Austin together? Beyond fabulous!!!
A good book for any man to begin with is SHE Comes First- Ian Kerner #GREATread and very entertaining
Is it a surprise to anyone that has no Tweets and no followers?
Don't forget to check out John Clayton perfroming on Paul McCartney's new album Kisses on the Bottom.
The Frozen Detectives reconvene Thursday. Fingers crossed for demos early next week!
RT : Im at Ritz tonite <U+E409> RT : Where y'all turning up at tonight???
I will be 2-3% quieter, which should automatically raise your quality of life by an equal ratio.
Respect for Joe Jonas because he deserves every bit of it.
The only thing in the world that would make LeBron flinch is a damn semi truck so quit the damn floppin
Watched change caps today. Sad. Must unfollow.
lucky excuse. You wouldn't have invited me if it were your friends either haha
Wow...the teenagers had some really inappropriate responses to some pivotal scenes at the hunger games
My friend dated a guy named after Levon, but he referred to himself as "Leh-Vawn".
You are really my Best Friend <3
Feel like absolute shit. Can't wait to get home and go to sleep.
Huh! Wish she wouldn't hang around that dead beat!
good to hear. :D
Where do you play? SSC or Phoenix club? Just wondering if there are other clubs that play fistball on the East Coast.
Ask us how we can get people to your biz over #Summerfest!
DAMN I FEEL GOOD!!! Try an shut me down!!! HaHaa! #RoyaltyMusicEntertainment! Finna hop on a mixtape tracc wit an
Did a much better job with Luther Vandross
I hope United works something out for you.
Had a pretty good birthday. Not wanting to go to my 9:00 class though.
I think I wanna be a marine biologist.
LITB! MT : Happy #initiation day to Gwen, Kimberlyn, Sofia, Kandace, and Lauren!
Drew: Yeah, but they pay the wrong people...lol.
The Paramount Jam tonight! Open Mic Night get in free. 7p Doors open at 6:30. Sign in & when your name is called come up on stage! Fun!!
New jack city. Shit I was two when this came out.
So jealous. WoW.
what does that dude think of my song?
Boy:What do I have to do, to tell u I love u? Girl: [Shruqs] Boy: I.. Love... U. (They kiss for a moment) Girl: That's all u had to do! ;]
Got no money fo da weekend,i got a pocket fulla shame
F%*k you Chelios.. to Chev Chelios, Crank High Voltage
Be careful what you wish for... but more importantly... be prepared when you get it
Thanks samuel.. Great to have u here
Band im excited to see at Warped Tour? xD
200 came in the mail today. Can't wait to read it.
I'm at somerset mall with Pastor! He praying that I get delivered lol
ok - I'll email you tomorrow.
Now is the time my Tweeters, followers, famous, not so famous, the time to go to our web site and make a donation. Help Newark
Fingers crossed it doesn't rain the Avnet Tech Games today!
You def had the house on fire last night with and Kisses!
OK I'm back watching. Let's go Blazers!
The fact that we have school tomorrow <<<
lets just say its not good if you start to randomly throw up blood
Yay! Thanks for calling that to my attention!
is a very good film. Glad you liked it! Spread the word!
do you brush your teeth without making a mess like in movies or comercials... cuz I usually look like I have minty fresh rabies.
RT Want to dominate the FATTEST week of the year? Take the time to set 2011 fitness goals and start slowly THIS week!!
got red paint over my jw hoodie :(
you look good in the booth
right at this moment it's actually making me crazy (failed attempt at twitter as exorcism) - though I do still love the song.
Love the welcome bags Chelsea and Marc did for their wedding.
I hate when people spread humors..
#museweb Amber, I notice that, too, at the mid-size museum where I volunteer. Lots of FB postings, but almost no responses from staff.
Weekend Reminder: Don't get fooled this Sunday...
I don't wanna pack! I'd rather go back to sleep!
Hey, , I'm a lady who hates shopping for undies and socks too, as well as gender binaries.
Well.. mostly. //RT : Seriously, Twitter is like a 24 hour chat room, except it's cool people instead of creepy ones.
how bout a sexy Pajama party? :-)
Sitting beside a dude who is unaware of toilet paper dangling out of the back of his pants. AMAZING!!!
If you want images to be clickable links, just select the image and then click the RTE's "A" anchor button and enter the link url
great! Sounds good. So will this be only something to be on your website for now or can i go to say iTunes and find it?
We'll go on a grand tour of our friends this weekend. :-)
care committee...1in4CO kids didn't have a preventive dental appt. last year. Easter candy=trash!
There is no Challenge in life that can not be overcame with a Solution!
The safest way to double your money is to fold it over once and put it in your pocket
oh my goodness. Isn't it amazing? That cookie dough egg roll is a game changer.
just opened in Point Loma!
Thanks, I will. I'm always looking for a good food blog! Did you go to the beach this weekend, I bet the moon was amazing there!
Why no follow-up to Schiavo ?...What if she had no health insurance? In Aug. all of u said u'd let a person die without insurance.
hi how are you doing and do you have a new cd out i love your music
if you follow I would be so amazingly happy! Your a great singer! Write songs? I'll help(: follow mr pls(:
you are #5 on the list :)
“Apathy, indifference, or mental exhaustion arising from exposure to too much information …”
Happy Mothers Day (:
“I tend to avoid alcohol when I can, ” says Kemp (Johnny Depp), a reporter who has just joined an English-language newspaper in San Juan,
Listening to talk about acknowledgment sections and queer academic genealogies. A network analysis is promised!
can you edit a twitter widget so a search can be done with boolean? I need x topic OR y topic
thank you sir !
Great day outside. Go BBQ Something!
The men who hijacked those four planes 10 years ago crushed our economy, saddled us with a terrible POTUS for a 2nd term, galvanized our +
No friend lost.
RT : Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up. -- Robert Frost
Just doing some research for the business. Semester still going on?
So far my fantasy team tonight is 9 for 18 with 3 home runs and 8 rbi. Oh and the night is still young :)
69 More Likes On My Video & iCan Finish The Song . Go On My Profile & Like It Plweaaaase..?
Saturday question...do I do chores I need done at home or seize the day and just fuck around or attempt both?
Check the NC times article. Seems confirmed by investigators.
So obviously some bicameral bills, even forced to be watered down are understandable, and others less so. That is why I pay attention
no. You're still cooler than me. Lolololol
Well good for you! :p
If you have and iPod or iPhone make get the app ICQ and make and account and add me(: My name on it is Wendy Payton.
My schedule for today looks on paper a bit like Bob Dylan's 115th Dream...
On the docket this weekend: & for starters. What more do you need.
lmao you and mariah :p haaha. Maybe on saturday? Or next year :x
Ah missed my opportunity to pose with Jenny McCarthy! A friend told me about your twit and I missed it! But not Jewish eithor.
why does schooling get in the way of learning? It is painful to fall short on a quiz that I am being given on material I have never learned.
A! What the heck im always going to have bieber fever, but im still pissed at u <3BiEbEr*FeVeR<3
held hands with jason smith because im boss
"LIKE" this if you're excited about next Wednesday's Career Fair @ MCC!
Almost at 300!
¤ Success is simply a matter of luck. Ask any failure. Earl Wilson
Proof I learned things this past summer~ I pronounced La Jolla correctly in my head.
I hate how this man comes and starts talking shit.
S&P to downgrade Twitter to 120 characters
My weekend was fun it would have been a little better if I didn't have that little restriction lol
All I can say is wow! What a hard fought game. The end of the season is going to be fun to watch.
Hey dads, what kind of body carrier do you lug your kid around in? One of those wrap things? Front carrier? Duffel bag?
WOVE U 2 babe:]
To get two coffees at a barnes and noble starbucks I just endured 4 attempts at an upsell.
what about a twitter chat between students, parents and teachers like an #edchatsa?
Be sure to check out the Poised Creation store for music and other great art pieces!
yes you do you yuppie
Like seriously you piss me off so much.
RT : Real nigga I say / tweet wtf I want
Thanks for coming in today!!
are winning, and our guest just got here, its Michael Lahoud!
Fond du Lac police: fallen officer is Craig Birkholz. He was 28 years old and a 5 year army veteran. Had been with FDL Police for 2 years.
Just got my motorcycle permit. One step closer.
A Vintage Affaire at the Long Beach Antique Market happening today. Get 10% OFF ADMISSION, just mention Twitter.
#10ThingsIFindAttractive Good sense of humor.
How does a man take a bubble bath? He eats beans for dinner.
Sounds like a fun summer!
...and u are too! Miss u
working out choreography and other production elements for a fashion show coming up in March for NCL. I could do this all day : )
How Clearwire Is Outsmarting AT&T and Verizon
I'm closer to that goal thanks to NICAR. Can be tough to find a project when you lack basic literacy, which I did before.
RT Remember be humble and keep God in everything you do
at ur show on weds at the state fair we will be in attendance. or maybe get us up close lol
My lil sis laugh jus cheered me up lbs
is doing Bumbershoot!
I don't want to ask for anything, I want the system to know... and right now the system is dumb, really dumb.
Everything happens for a reason, and that I strongly believe
2 more days til kills it in Duluth. Bring on the beerfest!
Nice so when you starting the backup dancing?
Please follow ! ill follow back!
#icantwaitfor school to be over!
My Hawaiian wedding countdown continues...2 weeks left until I'm Mrs. Christopher Darnyl Lemon!
my iPod lock button thing won't work. It's sunken it! I set it down and it was fine then 10 min later when I came back it didnt work! HELP?
Fans behind Chicago net began game with chants of "Raffi, Raffi, Raffi!"
enjoy your time down the keys jordan, next you might bump into Ernest, lol
“: On the plane going to Augusta with !”enjoy!
Wish I was still in college so I could skip class and lay in my bed all day.
Kind of want to make a "David Guetta Is The Worst" Potholes post.
#NowPlaying: Black Star. K.O.S.
must go to store. cats are starving. too hot to move... what's the weather keeping you from doing today?
This lead for this beat is boring. I'm about to change the shit out of it
I'm nervous! Please don't spoil me!
I apreccaite it
And now the evening's hosts Christian McBride and David Sanborn take the stage to introduce the evening's first performance
I'd like one of those! How do I get one, too? Enjoy!
#dtl2011 but can this lead in a reduction in our ability to critically think?
cool! thanks cause i loved that movie. pretty awesome to see its really a real place.
how do you not sleep for 48 hours!
Been sittin at poco for 2 hours still don't have food
Ur wearing jeans to a dance audition are you an idiot?
Bahaha popular demand... Yes everything is great! How you been?
Pride attracts the girl. Courage approaches the girl. Wisdom gets the girl. Strength puts up with the girl, but loyalty keeps the girl.
I know...Penguin has to add that and the rest of the info!
If she does anything reckless
I had to do babysitter -.- hahahah
Unions wrote letter in DN about nonprofits not paying city. tweeted that impact of '97 law "completely ignored" in letter.
Meditation/Reflection: Race and diversity dialogues have been difficult but necessary. Grateful for all my good teachers in past 2 yrs. ICU.
Four day weekend begins in 7 minutes...woot!
guess I am no longer eating.
Sad to see my parents leave, but so glad I got to spend some quality time with them on my mom's birthday!
No more Remy...
2 can play dat game all women have the same thange lol
Jello is doing a fun campaign to send you a jello or pudding based on your mood, cute! Who doesn't love free pudding?!
If she needs me, she knows she can be a big girl and let me know in the DM cause I respect her situation! Much love
Disney today. Even in middle age, the cleanliness and charm of the place still makes me nostalgic while giving me hope for tomorrow.
Finally sat down to write this story.
Rich, love the podcasts, so far, you guys have kept it visual free. Gracias!
maybe it was the lighting, but during Off The Pitch it looked like a bad Hitler-style 'stache. All for a nice 'stache otherwise
Twitter has put a #follow #limit on my account Sorry I can't #follow back
We're following!
Mini-fridge stocked with beer and wine. Bar stocked with rye and single malt Scotch. Merry, merry Christmas.
Ok, I love dancing!
I know the feeling!
wtf jessica what kind of sick person do u think i am?1?! i bought him at that san ganero
Eagle-Eye Cherry, why are you in my head?
No training? In honor of the "Christmas Tree" in the Capitol, it's time to put Christ back into "Jesus Christ, he's got a gun!"
MyGraphixGroup is a Graphic Design Company specializes in Marketing Solutions. Crafting your Corporate Identity with Websites, Logos, Flyers
it dont hurt you big pus
The Sports Freak agrees with Woodley on this one!! RT I like espn but seriously NO ONE CARES ABOUT BONDS' TRIAL!
feels like its 5 am sitting in first bell
How come every time I get skittles I end up dropping them every where?
"Just a kiss on your lips in the moonlight, just a touch of the fire burning so bright, I don't wanna mess this thing up..."
Beastly is better then i thought ...
Yuttho Arts film and photography is looking for a hotel to shoot our next film
thanks... I can no longer say cats... It's just cayts from here on out. And I love it
As mysterious and laid back as scorpios are, I find myself a lil bit different from the bunch....
Happy mother's day Mommy! I love you :)
WHAT!?! Well I expect to see you there! :)
Wowzer. #glee mentions of AND #lucasfilm! Worlds collide.
ll ill get some friends or maybe if I vet abs Ill get a gf, nope so I did all that for nothing
Thank you, Iarla!
I am clean! was a light in a very dark tunnel. Praise #SXSW!
maybe I will :)
Just thought I would let you know that I love you oh so very much, youre amazingly Cute, and your voice is like an <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
#FF Have a great weekend everyone!
Seriously. No credit for Collison for continuing to play after the most vicious foul in basketball history?
#FavoriteBiggieSong Sky's The Limit
Maybe if you believed in god he wouldn't have made you a rat face - jack & jill
looks awesome
Don't forget CAPS LOCK!
What's a political issue that interests you?
What does Fitness mean to you?
It's going to be hard to resist watching Major League 2.
#HappyBirthdayParker what are you 70 years old?
Big day tomorrow tryn not to stress out :/
im going to come off sounding boring to you so you dont continue talking to me.
I ate fruits for breakfast today!
Finally home after a long day at school.
“: Finish this sentence: #IfILivedOntheBayou…” I'd be fishing for something everyday
Highlands 70 Woodford Co. 8 -- FINAL
im bored
I love it when guys have pretty eyes<3
I wanna rock n roll all night and party everyday!
Sleeping in my boyfriends bed alone.:'( but i got to sleep on his side...So comfy over here.
Tell us what you think about our new tool which could provide a solution for the rising trend twist-off wine bottles..!
Enjoying an awesome dinner with my family this evening in Albuquerque. Thank you Lord for all our many blessings!
LeBron James finishes with 28 points, 9 rebounds, 6 steals, 5 assists, 2 TOs and 0 fouls. But #haters only SAW the missed FT
Someone needs to invent a Cone of Silence plugin for my phone. Speakerphone irritates the office whilst handset kills my ears.
Is a dead girl going 2 come & kill me in my sleep if I don't?..
WTF! RT : Then the brakes went out on our car going down a mountain and & I almost died, ...
Can't wait to download #LiveYourLife ! Imagine how badass #believe gonna be omg!
but i hope i get too see #oomf this weekend <3
I ate too much. Unable to move. Soo tasty.
If you don't fight for what you love, Don't cry for what you lose
Noted as the most versatile,state of the art #communications tool for training,development & #teambuilding,CST has limitless applications
Get a local DC discount to attend the Dance/USA 2010 Conference! Just call the Dance/USA office 202-833-1717 for the promo code.
home relaxing with my sons :)
I was wondering if you had a chance to watch it.
What is everyone drinking this Friday night???
my biggest bday wish is to get any of the before you exit guys (including toby) to tweet me happy birthday but none follow me
Not sure. :) What would you use that for?
I just saw the most beautiful girl ever and i didnt grow the balls to say more than just "were not in line for tickets" fucken dumbass!
38 and a 1/2 school days left :D
Chicago is amazing! Great for #bride & more! Great to b there w &
Love this: post on Instagram, with a cool shared Evernote notebook — totally useful!
How Irish are you???? St.Pattys Day Pub crawl... PB & Downtown options. $15 , this price will go up!
Hey, no problem. Good luck!
I don't know how much more I can take
I think people will pay for original, high-quality insightful content and commentary but they're not going to pay for "news"
seriously tho, follow me.
YES! :) loveyaaaaa so much <U+2665>
so this is has gotta be awkward for you do you still got mad feelings for him?
#MyPastRelationships 90% ended in leaving me for someone else
makes your piss yellow
Oh my!! ...Is he hurt really badly?? Like in the hospital about to die, or just a few broken bones, or just a few bruises??
If you're older than 16 don't wear Abercrombie cologne/perfume
It's hard out there for a fighter ace!
for work. If you have some contacts I would appreciate it. Thanks.
FSN Rockies color man Jeff Huson coming on now, tune in, Mile High Sports 1510!
NO I will not srop lol
I'm down in Cape Coral Florida wondering how many times in one week an old lady will tell me I remind them of their grandson
LOL SOME GUY IS COMING IN TO HYPNOTIZE LUNCH are you excited? xD
I was hacked last night or this morning. Passwords were changed. I hope nothing disgraceful was projected from us. Thank you.
because i want to get my wife flowers of course.
Sure thing! Might end up keeping the posters at work now. Everyone loves them!
honey Bunches of oats = I love you very much :p
From Beer Week into 2nd Saturday then St. Patty's Day. What a busy 3 weeks. Good thing I love what I do... and drink.
We finally indulged in the Siphon Bar at - if you are a coffee drinker this is a must!
How can a house make more power than it uses? How can you get paid to live in your house?
Leaders dream big dreams and then have the determination and enthusiasm to make those dreams reality.
brrr. going to be a cold windy day.. so hard to leave my warm fluffy bed!!
Watching celebrity apprentice<U+2764><U+2764>
Adding people to my #Google+ Circles just isn't quite as fun on the mobile version.
I want! RT I wish whichever tab in my browser was making sound, the favicon would be replaced with a little speaker.
lmao me threaten you? Never O:-)
Started with Jenn and she and I go at night too :-)
#MyFavoriteText good night
thanks! We got them to wear on production and now just wear them everywhere.
Austin rivers all ready has 10 points and it's only the first 15 minutes
"Nature is painting for us, day after day, pictures of infinite beauty." -John Ruskin. Breathe it in. Sweet dreams, yogis.
Judas Priest's 'Painkiller' will get you through any hard times.
haha nah you're the hot one;)
Weirdest dreams ever last night...
d0000d. don't cry.
Well said and so true! I'm grateful and still need their help but I'll make sure they know my intention in rewriting it.
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise!
your right I think they start that blend around fall or winter
Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.
lol its stuck in my head
retweet if you want to take down a guy that is making fun of Demi Lovato his name on youtube is dan13718
Man, you're just about two months too late on that. Timing is everything in the fruit storage game, Donovan. *Everything*
No Shelf Required? No travel required! Hear what has to say about ebooks at our virtual summit on 10/12
Transportation cut 43% this yr- contracts from Doyle adm. Jump 524% next year for contracts initiated in Walker adm. Payback time!
advice. More like strong opinions. Sometimes not very light
Put an interesting character is an uncomfortable situation, and you have the makings of a great story.
#NPR Ron Paul ?
a whole new world
CAN"T WAIT to start workin on some new projects in a few weeks! Scripts come on May 7th, which happens to be my 23rd birthday, Awesome gift!
can't wait to train the new dog to feed the cats in exchange for them scooping her poop
You are very tired and you don't know why. You (choca?) work hard when you're very tired.
analytics idea: count the number of "conversations" that happen?
Feel like ive been on vacation for years.
thanks for following!
Help needed for 7th graders..anyone want to give feedback on environmental ideas
Finishing up my #snca12 talk. Now onto slides!
I'm trying to figure out why the Network Solutions rep hung up on me after she couldn't answer a question. We spend a lot of money. #netsol?
next 10 tweet i love Justin Bieber gets 20 DM'S to Justin and i'll follow you :)
Bitch, I'm fabulous.
My parents make me mad..
Green Bay Packers: 4 Reasons Team Record Will Improve from Last Season - Bleacher Report
Dear Xcode- I am so sorry. So very, very sorry for whatever I did to hurt your feelings. Please accept my deepest apologies. NOW, CLOSE!
I can't watch this any more...
WHEN YOU BECOME A FAMOUSE RAPPER PLEASE REMEMBER ME (:
The way you hold me>>
Coke in glass bottles! M....real sugar.
the feeling of wondering if he's gay never goes away.
Kung fu panda two was great. I am not going to lie I cried. Now at the pool diving for pennies.
Oo ok. Lifeofahipster that's me:) find me :)
Bowling league night. Good way to start the New Year.
I'm on my way to Bon Temps!
We ain't gotta rush, just take it slow.
Ray lewis is probably going to murder joe flacco for making a comment like that
best part, hahaha
The good ones go if you wait to long - Drake
Johnnies fans: iS8 Playoffs next weekend.Once schedule is out (probably in the next day) I will post when our recruits/prospects play
Hope your feeling better!
he helps others make friends cause he's just gnarly like that!
Thanks I'll definitely have to log on Monday.
Omg! Just finished my Divas in Defense bowling league and who do I see? Flavor Flav! Clock and all! Didn't see if his clock clocked him! ;)
I made me my main focus, now I'm selfish? How selfish is that?
lol date me.
Having an F'd up knee ruins everything <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Just wanted to tell you that I hope you stay with the Packers and forget all the haters cuz they gonna hate anyway! GPG!! :)
sorry, but we've already offered out our internships for this summer. Definitely reach out for next year tho!
it has been a very busy time here lately
do you wanna do a tinychat with me? im bored to
#haha bless your heart
Isocrates~ Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others.
what girls?
Hey, where's my #newtwitter?
Must wear pink today. Happy b-day PINK and Peter Sellers (Pink Panther)!
Yay thank you!
im doing good. girl I wish you were in L.A. I would WIFE you up quicker than a dropped hot bisquit. ;)
I'd be happy to hold them for you. ; )
#mitt2012 That's SO #Mitt! Pathetic!
Gabberts inability to hold on to the football is killing my whole fantasy season.
terribly misleading headline. you should be ashamed of yourselves
THIS IDIOT SAID I NEED EAT PORK AND ITLL GO AWAY ... WHERE DO I FIND MY FRIENDS??? LMAO
I did follow you first :-)
Morning folks. Another busy day out here in Philly. Yesterdays workshop was great and today's will be the same. God bless!!!
": Be as you wish to seem. -Socrates"
Horace, national shortcomings
The new 3pm Booty shake song we have implemented at work to boost morale makes my afternoons so much better.
Working On My New Mixtape Called "Metamorphisis" Yall Get Ready!!!!! I Had To Change The Title -Breeze DTA-
Thanks for the RT, -- greatly appreciated!
Fill in the blank with your favorite warm weather food or drink! "When it's a beautiful day in Seattle like today, I crave ____"
I spent many hours today making changes my new web site that should be launching tomorrow.
#20ThingsAboutMe I wish I was as confident as my bestfriend
Thanks to sponsors #BabyBashBling we have comp tickets for the 5/19 show. Let me know if U want them 4 your followers.
Better be ill spoken of by one before all than by all before one. - Proverb
Working in the rain.. not a fun day.
There is a special layer of hell for people who are too lazy to pick up their dog's shit.
I prefer my filing system to be label-less
Don't live a life of apologies
Solyndra and Open Range...nuff said.
o wait i kno what shes saying! lol i looked at it and shes going "Lemme see ya PYHU" but it cuts off at hearts
#Echelon3000 Tomorrow Ladies FREE ALL NIGHT! Get On #TeamSELFISH Guestlist It's DJ BLAZE & APLUS BDAY CELEBRATION! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
gotta get that money!! You need to meet my friend she's coming up to OSU too!!
Just ordered a 28-game Detroit Tigers ticket plan! It's going to be a great season!
happy to hear more about
Hall should be suspended for making a threatening gesture.
Let's get started! We have many clients in your region. RT : I need help to MISS UNITED STATES!
Insights training tomorrow with my team - heard it was awesome when Engineering went through it. Looking forward to learning lots!
do you still have that LMTF ep poster i got signed for you? c:
Sitting here in Millennium Park vibing to
You are branding through content. Identify the brand Keep message consistent by Identifying your voice/persona, what are u evoking?
I'm really glad you featured the video about Uganda, it is important to share this globally
She still remembers my favorite kind of poptarts.... that kinda meant sumn to me.
guess who is a loser. yep is right lol. jk knuckle head
I can't believe he makes up stuff like that?!! Amazing!
seriously though i want to go to fiesta.lol
Had one of he most epic convos with dude is super down to Earth! I mess with the music. Heavy!
thats why its called history..
yep. Although we found it's easier and more profitable to just watch. Although, it's ten times more disturbing.
Great tip from the #WeightWatchers website:"I don't put anything in my mouth unless I write it down and hold myself accountable for it."
"If a clown tosses a ball into the air, sometime soon it has to fall." excerpt from Voices, Kyle Muntz, FI
Okay, missiles are away--at least for the first jog of this journey.
enjoying some great South African food !
FIRST RT ALL SUNDAY...
A little message to LeBron James. Larry Bird and Michael Jordan made those free throws. Just saying.
best WR to come out of UofM right here .
what did Cherry do?
follow me please(:
just left melt. We will see you in a few minutes.
We did our #24HourPlayFest a few weekends back. You're right, hard to tweet during. Glad it went well!
Today, my Daddy embarrassed me in front of 1 of my best guy friends. He made it totally awkward. I wanted to kill him. Literally.
I love London
-bout to go to tutoring
If I see those in a house as bookends, I'll kindly remove, replace them w/ what I have on, wear and drive home.
#carrier Pet Gear I-GO2 Escort Pet Carrier - Pink
Correct, 60 minutes of driving time!
Live tweeting from the Colorado ILL Conference
And you're not following me so we can't settle this in a DM or on the phone like real men. I see your character.
classy Dustin ;D
Working on 2nd season of weekly TV show Shin Do Kumate' "STRYKERZ" true life and real fighter hosted by me. www.shindokumate.com
With at basketball #friendship <3
. do you mean scratch paper? We've got it at the Info Desk but it's often feast or famine there! Once a student took a whole stack!
I know <U+E057>
I'm going to marry he just dosnt know it yet ;D
love the red in your avatar! You look cute!
Thank you for what you're doing Don't want to loose you Meleah please follow back
I just registered for the upcoming RBMS preconference in Baton Rouge. Shall I rent the first season of True Blood to prepare?
#HH is almost here!What're your plans?How about stopping by or our other partners for $1 Drinks &
so glad you did roll call for Andy :) I was chanting along with it at home
Just got all snuggled in bed and realized I forgot to take my meds. Now I have to get up. Why is life so hard?!?!
oh the new yorker - pandering to middle aged technophobes since, well, forever.
isn't yours half Mexican?
Much LoVe to all Veterans! Thank You!!!!
I wonder if Hargrove's arguments and others' will make the Saints reconsider Joe Vitt as their interim HC
First day of the spring semester here at Excited to have everyone back and things are already starting to get busy...
I am trying to find out what happened to her. Heartbreaking.
Holy fucking thunder...
Just finished playing a fun small plo and mix games room. Good job for hosting some of the most enjoyable games around
Knock KnockWho's there !Chicken !Chicken who ?Chicken your pockets - I think your keys are there !s
What happens if you get scared half to death twice??!
We have a beautiful new patio in front of our space in the Murphy Building. Come check it out and grab food/drink next door at La Margarita.
me too:/
octomom missed $450k mortgage pymnt. not to worry-- she's doing a $20 per car carwash. let's see... 22,500 cars later...
First question asked of me today: "Any chance you wanna play bad cop for me?" Uh, fuck yeah! I love bad cop.
haha okay I will(:
Order... (For if a man know not how to rule his own house, how shall he take care of the church of God?) -1 Timothy 3:5
I love when people in school do my work for me. C:
lmfao I know!! Why can't people just be ugly for once?? xD
It's weird that even I like the show, but you know at least it's a show that everyone can enjoy.
Its 10pm, are u at rhymecal?
wait! I love this!! My adopted lil sis is connected to my real big sis!! How does that happen?
same here! it was a blast!! Muah
YES! I love visitors!
Happy mothers day to all the moms whether u single or hv a partner to.help.....keep doin u!
uuuugggghhhhhhh tomorrow cannot come fast enough... missin my babe terribly.
i may not live next to the boyz but at least i live next to Eben Franckewitz !!<33
but now whos gonna keep the bench warm for kobe?
Well, there's that, yes ...
thanks for the follow! Did you receive the Swipely info?
My Valentine's Girls are just too cute:)
John 3:16 Happy Easter everyone! Much love. Xoxo
We found prescription prices vary by hundreds of dollars. Tonight at 10, shows you some low cost shopping options.
Yay! Thanks for inviting me to I finally got the in
SON COMO SON (((TONIGHT!!!))) @ Salsa Under the Stars 7pm ABQ Museum!!!
no when I looked at you, you were staring over here!
ah. But of course!
Our 2009 Golf Tournament is 7/20 - have you signed up yet? $85 incl. box lunch, 18 holes w/golf cart & Dinner at FOX. Prizes too! Call ASAP!
Got me some Shipley's, finally!
#Iphone for christmas, yes please :)<3
I feel like i don't talk to my friends enough
#MyPastRelationships made me better, not bitter.
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 20
Cougar softball, sunshine and classes done for the semester! Perfect afternoon!
It's amazing how a single message can change your mood completely.
hey whats up
Just kidding in not a dirty ass <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Go Suns!
Of all the men I ever met, [Lincoln] seemed to possess more of the elements of greatness, combined wiht goodness, than any other. WT Sherman
you actually got me.... -_-
Thanks for the retweet, hope all is well and Alive, Baltimore
I'm So Glag I Didnt Go To School Fuck Man It's Cold Out There I Need That's Some One To Keep Me Warm At Night
Great picture!
yup especially on instagram n viddy no one has class anymore so nasty
... Also, 1 thing I've noticed. Why does interrupt convos a lot?
Hey , I'd really like to know the author of your piece on #RonPaul today. I didn't know you had an editorial department. Interesting...
"A man who won't die for something is not fit to live." (Martin Luther King, Jr.)
Dexter season 5 and a bottle of wine...perfect end to a great day off.
im game... but im in LA :) i can fly out tonight tho :P
Dog shit smells the worst when u step n it.....
Heaven only knows about the breast feedee s w/ teeth. Uncle Oz Help! : )
yes. Well Holland, we may be able to coexist in home room now. Lol I had no idea you liked them
Open mike night at Irish Pub on the Capitol Square. Starts at 8:30. One free beer for performers.
YEAH KILLEN THE ROYALS WOO
Monster energy drinks are da shit!!!
Hey how are you??
Your right about that! Being a kid back then i was super mad when they stop making those
and then I smoke two more!
haha mine is blue
Listening to Teenage Anarchist and making Mr. Gabel's voice a bit higher. Just trying to prep is all.
ohh no its from the show!
yes they ordered half and still have not announced if they will order next season a full season!!!
The Cubs are always such garbage bloop hitters, I hate them so much.
Jill isn't the race this weekend? Get well girl you worked so hard to kick butt
Midnight motorcycle ride. Ballin. :)
AND I'VE MET HIM.
RT : smile, be confident, keep it slow. Awesome, good luck! <--thanks!!! :)
Who's your favorite DJ?
it's friday friday, gotta get down on friday!
me > you
Canes' WR Travis Benjamin going to the Cleveland Brown, selected in the draft right after UM teammate Lamar Miller. Congrats!
Ahh, being single is pretty straight. I'm content. Does get a little lonely sometimes tho.
In more sobering news, I was being cyberstalked, hence my long silences.
I've heard JB's song Boyfriend 10 freakin times today.That's enough-_-
#SOCR1 #advertisers changed asks from basic display in content verticals to custom content & integrations, more engagement focused
Something something, lau cube, something else angry.
Champions and heroes are not born - they're created through trial and error, persistence, confidence, hope and self-sacrifice.
trying on some versace for tonight's okayplayer party!!
It's so unfair that I don't get to have Armstrong Zoom in Pittsburgh. Life is cruel.
Tonite we're hosting an event btw 7-10 pm on Level 3. It'll be a little noisier than normal during this time- sorry for the disruption!
Don't miss the tour of the ADS Central Station on 6/26 at the ESX Show. Sign up today to reserve your spot before it's gone!
I really need to remember my phone number
Porb can't name just one. I am a diehard music fan, really. I listen to everything from folk to country to hard rock to pop :)
Green shirt day
will be posting to IL2011 web site as soon as I get a decent net connection...
Thank you for such a great story about and
So sick and tired of people & media whining about price of gas. I'm rooting for $8.
#Nuts A7 a road trip across Latin America.
Agree: Transit is key! SD only ranked 19th attracting new grads, but is 8th largest city in nation
[6] ... so perhaps we can't "control ourselves" because of how our brains function & the firebreak between thought & action is illusory. ...
Duke leads Tennessee 50-45 in the 2nd quarter.
I GOT THE #1GIRLTOURDATE ;D YAY!!!
#PrayforEthan God please lay Your healing hand upon him! Please don't take him now at 9 I pray he lives healthy to 99! In Jesus nameAmen! :)
Why do people say they have nobody? Pretty sure I'm still here.
hey were in my bag and my make up broke
So if I win, I'll have to add "house hunting" to next week's agenda.
Congrats to Jonathan Welch of on his nomination to the ABA Board!
That will be awesome. We'll catch up.
I get a little enjoyment when I think I'm doing something a really hacky way and then find out that no, that's really the best way to do it.
In the ZONE all of the attention of a person is on the task at hand; there is no more attention to be allocated!
I'm pretty sure that I'm working in the arctic tundra today.
AFA has 6 on TV guaranteed. Let's say the MW works with Root or Altitude for 2-3 more. AFA sells 1-2 to a local outlet. So, guess is abt 10
Still some snow cover plus clear skies will drop temps into the upper 20's. Continual melting tomorrow with sun and highs in 50's.
RT : Chun: We might be less vulnerable if we seriously and warily embraced the vulnerability that is networking.
WAAAAAH WAAAAH WAAAAH!!! Sounds like you need a diaper change, crybaby.
How to be "verified" by twitter??
Good work this year. Thanks a million!
USBBPP h@@@! yo I'm not against the cause, obviously #LoveAllMyPeople. But that commercial is funny as he!! lmfao
U know it's a long game when you get two sausage races.
OneIMS Launches One-to-One Learning Center's New Website - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
However, they told us several weeks ago that they were going to Paris soon, so my guess is that they are there now.
THAT(!) is going to be a Tshirt. Making that happen today. New battle cry!
We will be in touch after the holidays! A lot of this sounds like things we need and we have other plans to bounce off you.
Miami Beach was a Blast, nobody did it like we did. To the point you walked in and you would be like "where they do that at?" Now back @ NYC
SO IT IS SATURDAY NIGHT I JUST GOT MY NEW CADDY MY MOM CALL IT GHOST WHY IT'S COCAINE WHITE ON GIOVANNIS 22'S SHOULD I STUNT OR WHAT YEAH
thanks for retweet- language at mediation can be used to set the stage, set people at ease & much more-chose words carefully
People loving this picture I put on Instagram.
Obama appointee quits after GOP seizes on &#39;crucify&#39; remarks to describe oil, gas enforcement
I guess I'll cook pork chops again
hahahaha so true!
AM FRUM SCOTLAND. That's what is sounds like. I'm not quite sure which I'm doing...
what is it? you can send me a dm if u want but I hope your ok.
Is my watch wrong? Empty library.
your such a cutie :*
yaaaaaas!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> *claps ..now I need your instagram...
he actually moved for the guys
he could. We'll see
After > 4 years of 24/7 mobile HIV Testing, now accredited through B(better business bureau).If your considering testing,call us !
you say that like it is a bad thing
Hey if you seen someone getting bullied but you didn't know them from Adam, would you walk away or standup?
Sorry, zAMbies was the clear winner.
No worries! I hope you feel better soon!
Merry Christmas!
LinuxUpdate Thanks for following...
Newt Gingrich is the only one that is making sense, he is very knowledgable and a very good leader
God didn't bring me this far to leave me <3
I'm such a simp lol.
*You're RT Your not even educated enough to understand what I tweet but if I tweet about ignorant stuff you love that
over 300 dry
All this swine flu talk is making me hungry for Lucille's BBQ www.lucillesbbq.com
: you say it's too late to make it, but is it too late to try?but in our time that you waisted,all of our bridges burned down
The Fray might have been fined for that in Indiana.
Look left ---> you failed.
The #FreshCoastClassic has the best fans, period! Thanks for continuing to spread the word about the biggest & best tourney to hit...
flyers look unstoppable! you think they'll pull off the sweep?
thought so lol >.<
I know all there is to know about The Crying Game
thanks for the RT :)
I think kids have to be taught NOT to be creative. I love to eavesdrop on dd8 when she's drawing on the whiteboard.
Thank you, thank you, thank you to data visualization presenters for discussing tools and making recommendations. Most useful session today!
Is the circus in town? Cause it smells like elephant crap and toothpaste on the el today
Interesting - KRS endorsed Ron Paul in 2012... didn't know that, and wouldn't have expected it.
PLAY WHATS UP BY 4 NON BLONDES!!
#howto change your Retweet feed to something more intelligent: find another nerd and follow the nerds they follow. Oscar tweets beGONE!
All I am doing today is designing data visualizations. No calls. No meetings. No paperwork. No deadlines. I <3 today. I wanna marry it.
Going to my grandmas house for breakfast its her birthday <3
Cruisin Classics will be cruising in to the Turning Stone Resorts Casino in Verona NY on March 30th for an 8pm show. ;o)
Hey community. Your favorite pesto company needs new label/logo ideas. Hit me back with your vision of a new Besto Pesto logo. thanks. -T
Man, that was the hippest thing when I was in library school. Now I feel all old.
WHAT UP
Got a HUGE callbback today for a commercial shooting in Las Vegas or Los Angeles! Keeping the fingers crossed!
Yes - finally meet the amazing Danielle! :)
Let's buy the Dodgers and move them to a little neighborhood called Brooklyn.
You and I will meet again. When we're least expecting it. One day in some far off place, I will recognize your face,
Hello lovely, how have you been? Long time no talk!
HEYY I like ur face, will you marry me?
She got a dress, Dad!
nevermind slow moment ignore I even tweeted that lmao
RT this or I'm gonna fucking kill you I promise.
YYYYYEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSS THEY TIED IT UP WITH A FEW SECONDS LEFT!!!
hey AI you got any ballin shoes i can get so i can feel like im one of the best players like yourself sir?
OMG!!!!! I cried and lold when I saw this!!! Holy jesus he has to be the cutest thing on the planet?
That is an impressive office lunch!
#Huguely jury forewoman walks out of courthouse without comment. So do other jurors.
where are you playing
snub snub snub.... etc100x
I just broke a nail... Fuck angry jasmine calm down
yeah and wht is on her face is that sum kinda rash??
What is up w/ Bradley Coopers porn stache? Brown chicken brown cow
At WestFields Valley Fair :) haha at the Store...Theres a HELLLAA long line for the new #iPad2 haha must be goods
i notice a change in me
Life is too awesome to waste your time thinking about someone who doesn't treat you right.
#TGS is one of the best WoT novels to date. Fast paced and exciting with excellent characterization and emotional depth.
yes but i wish yall could come, but my parents might be freaked out if they come home and see yall here :(((
Just booked the moving truck: it's Boston->Pittsburgh on August 3.
Channing Tatum >>>> And his sexxyyyyy jaw..
Yea Everything Good On My End, Whats Good Yo Way
I love when people strt shit for no aparent reason.
#badovinac looks right for trifold. A bit more visual? Hard to see green sections on lleft. MIx wide blks of txt w images?
How about pumpkin apple cinnamon waffles? Too much?
We're getting a lot of cans around here. Donate 7 non-perishable food items for the Oregon Food Bank, and get free delivery. Code is...
That one ugly person in a group of sexy people <<
is the type of guy id make a sandwich for
Were you there?
Maybe it's from collegiatelink?
I can't stop smiling!
Who's coming out to tonight? 6PM at Don't Know Tavern, Fed Hill!
I have a new favorite show, Frozen Planet
soo your a senior?:O
Seattle. We've had a particularly wet winter. Cold enough to snow, too. Enjoy your heatwave! ;-)
Yeah! You should go there and record a known song (cover)!
Back from youngest Soccer game , I guess I will watch the Oscars for a while.
There is a lot of truth to what you say (sadly) I'm into media tell me what you're offering?
Maybe the greatest place to begin with an essential mindset to business is with.. oneself.
We don't think so :) However, we wish you the best of luck! Thanks again for the shout out!
Thank you to The Faint for providing the soundtrack for my speedy mile wake up. Woo!
That's a noble purpose if there ever was one.
id really rather go to bed than this game
and pep is leaving?!?! jsdalfjsdafpsdnfoasdjfsdkfjsdfoiisdfnopdadfsd
hell yea
THANKS A MILLION. PUSH START TO REPLAY
Yes, he was the king. Try City of Death. Romana was my fav companion. Classic eps.
Who invented socks? JESUS
yay!!! Happy anniversary!!
Today was a good day finally home bout to make something to eat and just chill
Yea, I seem to be partial to both brands... they're both quirky but stylish!
"Ability will never catch up with the demand for it."
Weather in Orlando 79°F Current: Clear Wind: N at 0 mph Humidity: 75%
are you going to any events anytime soon? :)
Few of my friends tried #ClosingTime last wknd & LOVED it! Said it really works. Who wants a #freesample? Tweet me a story from your wknd!
Regardless of what anyone thinks I'm going to do shit my way from now on.
Predicting a big day for Chicharito.
It's definitely beret weather!
Just announced - Die Kreuzen reunion, Turner Hall in May!
When you coming back to buffalo?they love you out here
OH NO METS
The only blue people I refer to shall be from Avatar ;)
I still have to pee .
can't wait to get a new phone in july. my piece of shit back flip doesn't like me :/
Happy New Year Everyone. Wish You all a Very Happy, Healthy, and Prosperous 2012.
So we have found a new guitarist. Time to write and record. Expect some new music. We'll be back in the early months of 2012 with an EP.
you change yo name every five minutes
I've been watching ESPNs 30 for 30 when I work out--always think about that class!
It wasn't bad at all at the stadiums. Every time I hear a swarm of bees I am transported back. Sweet, sweet memories.
Will do that tomorrow.
well well well...look who is here...it's Friday.enjoy :))
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Woodworking Stories , RSS and RSS Feed via Feedzilla.
Back to work and it's a short week. Hope everyone had a happy and safe 4th. What new #print and #marketing stories r u following today?
I want it now!!
We promise not to tease you about your scarf. In fact, we'll come up with new ways to wear it :)
Would like to connect with you to discuss some new technology and its potential for shaking up the corporate relo world.
First video: Luxury Costa Concordia cruise ship runs aground
Scorpions will play June 30 at the new BMO Harris Pavilion.
how bout this one?
Hahaha. Yes ma'am!!! They're not ready for
Did anyone see us downtown yesterday with ? The cow had a great ride around the city. Pictures to come.
Big game for America's Team Tonight Homie!?!
Love your website! Really elegant how its only one page and the projects just slip right on down...
Andrea Young a trained attorney had no idea she would be in documentary as she went to law school to fight for social justice.
You are great. Seriously. Great.
Nick cannon doing way to much.
Today is statistically the least productive day of the year. Turn the tide with a FREE shot of espresso added to any drink in our stores!
Great leaders create success by setting achievable goals.
thanks so wats up and how old r u?!?
Clippers game on!!!!
remember if O Drisceoil deals with 39 Yeats. There's also Arrington's new book, though it's mostly theatre, as I recall.
will def check it out. Random, guy at work grew up on street with Axl. Were distant friends. Said family was kinda weird.
I finally broke my last coachella casino 100 dollar bill on that bushmills.
I think we'll know in 30 min how it's workin for ya. Ambien makes me do crazy things!!!
West Englewood Chicago I want to help by having more young men programs 2 help them find jobs. & stay out of trouble
Smart-People-Networking turns success-oriented business people into a strong group of networking professionals who work together.
PYITE would be nice
Many thanks 2 the 4 hosting the Championship! The players n fans enjoyed a true championship atmosphere!
Big week for ! One of two stills arrived this week and we received our permit for the buildout. Which starts next week!
We're cuckoo for coconut, cuckoo for CoCoNut Porter
Shelley Duvall is super weird
No.... I was mad that day at the concert..
Hello, Wailea. It's been awhile. Nice to see you, too.
ah, but that would be productive of me...
Power to the Pubbys!
gosh ;o i love your jeans ;o gimme that, please xD
Happy Record Store Day! Now BUY our friggin album !!!
LOVE YOU <33
excited to hear it!
Watching friends !
Off to school.. I absolutely HATE getting up so early but seeing my friends makes it all better :)
leaving karim rashid lecture at MAD. Have a newfound respect for his aesthetic.
Wow....finally a guy whose confident enough to try to order me around & make decisions...Atlanta!!
Tweet me #s and questions for which ICONic Boy
You Rock! I only find those 3 digit scores with the "Best Play" Button! I top out in the 90's occassionally.
Congrats on your appointment. Please don't be scared, they aren't as bad as they are portrayed to be. Best of luck! :)
Shit about to leave da crib and get my day started.. What up doe
you coming tomorrow?
(Via ) RT Recent college grads are still have trouble starting their careers, and The Times is still ON IT. nyti.ms/noWSJb
It's amazing that they're making two classic movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords film at the same time.
ah yay im bak onn!!!!! what to do now..?
I'm going to have to listen to it again because I got bored with it the first time and stopped listening.
damn where at?
Dadeosss coming home today finally! :D i want another hug.
um no #blazers don't win tonight but maybe against okc
Feb 25: Anthony Burgess was born (1917). Tennessee Williams died (1983). People to this very day are still being born and dying.
or probing whatever
Good afternoon Metroplex !!We had an awesome crowd @ Mambocafe Dallas last night !And you know what ? We are going at it once again 2night !
R.I.P. Mike Wallace, a life well-lived: radio actor, pioneering news producer, master of the interview, and a ratings-getting son of a gun.
went to best buy, love technology.
Having until 4 AM until our flight back really isn't the most ideal life.
heck yes I brought the house down!!! Loves it.
Yep, I hear ya. Then my tweet isn't meant for you. Its meant for the people who are spouting their hate on the state.
I found out this week one of my great aunts and uncles spent the last few years living in an RV parked outside their fully functional house.
...this is expected at a career fair.
thanks for coming by! You were a blessing!
Planning an historical cocktail theme for AVAM's Mr. Rain's Funhouse on New Year's Eve. Hope to see some friends and old Sputnik fans there!
consider the darth vader, or retriever or ferris buhler or (older) vw dancing in the rain commercials.
rent or buy?
Will U stop the fucking QUACK QUACK QUACKING it's to load<U+E059><U+E011><U+E00D>
You're welcome Let us know if there's anything else we can help with. Enjoy your day!
#NeverHaveIEver seen a white boy wash his hands leaving Harpers bathroom...
Dear lottery gods...I bought a mega ticket & I don't need to win $500 million but I'd take $50,000.00! Think we can work it out?
South Carolinians in open marriages went overwhelmingly for Newt.
Thanks, Steve. Glad you like! Please allow a few weeks for poster delivery. Demand has been higher than expected. Thanks!
I know im go fail my finals
Follow Me Back
In "Strategic Approaches to Mobile" and regretting my Twitter rustiness. Like , only a heavy user at conferences now.
Don’t you dare remember me the moment I start forgetting you.
Good night! My dog is snoozing after going to the vet to have her pit bill wounds dressed.
You're right. It's not like my usual praying-mantis style.
Actually have been doing hw since i walked through my door...
Coke up your nose, a ho on your hose, and Michael J. Fox
Congratulations!! I look forward to following your success because you will be successful! It has been a joy watching your progress
Streaming the Bears game on the new iMac RAWKS!
don't u worry, Abs..i got some tricks up my sleeve. & some HAWT visitors from NYC rockin my front row.
probably only took about 20 of them to completely hijack the chat session... still chuckle about some of the comments
Who needs Tv when they got TNT Overtime
follow back
Ha! Ha! Thanks.
reminder of the number of people who hate
Season 1 of #workaholics on Netflix hell yes
So weird to see Lamar in a Dallas Mavericks jersey; still one thing I haven't missed is JVG's backassward commentary.
ACT prep work tonight. Not looking forward to it
I'm tired
Look out Boc, here we come! Breakout the forks
I figured something out and now I have that gooey, ultraproud, happy feeling going on.
Was it me?
you're so welcome
We just saw Columbiana! Bad to da bone!!!!!!!
Are you seeing an "Avengers" driven bump?
I lived near Boston for 15 years and the best suggestions I can make are places you go on field trips in the 4th grade.
Does anybody know why Anquan Boldin disappears some games? Literally no stats posted through three quarters, come on Harbaugh!
praying for some great youth pastor friends who are prepping for service tonight... can't wait to hear all the Lord has done!!!
": I can do all things in him who strengthens me. -Phil 4:13"
But seriously, can this be Big Show's last match in WWE? He lives in Florida, he can just go work for TNA for all I care.
Thanks to audience and fellow presenters for a great session, great ideas and discussion!
if I get hit, swingin on a big bitch.
Greg link
"great, so we'll save Salad Ladies for tomorrow night, that will be easy to slip into after work"
NP - R. Kelly - Feeling On Your Booty
Maybe one day I'll end up on Project Runway. [°_°] <=== dream face.
Happy New Year readers! How many books have you vowed to read in 2012?
It's a good sign for the #Romney camp that the #Obama campaign is complaining about the methodology of the CBS/NYT poll.
I surely did. I gave it up, but the damage was done.
Do I get to count tweets ABOUT my paper in my word count? It's practically the same thing, right? Ok no. BRB writing/editing till I pass out
right on, brother.
that CAN be upsetting...sometimes you just gotta walk away from the project for a while. What's the issue?
I'm eating and my mom and brother are talking about pooh
Getting ready to begin my voyage across the country. Hope to make it to Utah by tonight and then San Diego by sunset on Wednesday.
Creation in itself testifies there's a God
Me: happy mothers day Mami! Mom: ah thank you baby.. Dont forget I get a gift today AND Sunday... yay for double mothers day! Me: -_-
Why every bus driver we get stay getting lost
Great event, wish it started on time MT : Huge crowd, 4th annual Congressional Arts reception. Over 100 great young artists!
#BlackParentsQuotes WORK WHAT I GAVE YOU ! lol. they raising em selfssss :D
don't even trip homie cuz the balance of power is shifting as we speak!
I feel like I should be a little jealous.
We need to get all areas on board with 'real' recycling.. no kudos to those that provide recycling bins and then don't recycle:(
graveyard movies tonite at 4am. SWINGERS + the coen brothers' O BROTHER, WHERE ART THOU. fink bombs & flickers. where else but Frankie's!
Kisses-In the middle ages, illiterate people signed their names on official documents by drawing an "x" and kissing it to make it authentic.
Green Street Tavern with ....good deal
T.G.I.F.! Are you taking it easy before #StPatricks Day tomorrow? Relax at #Fridays with half-priced #appetizers at the bar from 4-7pm!
can't wait to see tomorrow!!
I just learned who you are, and I really like your comedy. You look so innocent, but when your open that mouth! it's GREAT!
I wanna start working already !
If u r living in NYC and want to become a member of G2K, please send me a msg. :-)
listening to
Nice to know you on here. Love your background image :-)!
Of course it would be SF!
I was celebrating pretending to be Irish for a day with thousands of others (wearing green of course) in Chicago!
i cant wait never seen them in concert i also wanna see the birthday massacre but i would have to drive like 4 hours to see them
RT : Higher-educ student loans only encourage abuses by for-profit schools & abdication of responsibility by state coll/uni systems
Per usual, I danced. A lot. I even busted out a stupid rusty Single Ladies. Happy.
Winfield 5-4 in extra innings. Was hoping my cousin's Redskins would pull it out :(
Good morning cody:)have an amazing day,I love you<3
YEAH, YEAH....It's always my damn fault. Damn nigga can you take the blame for something?.
“: I'll be supporting tonight at the Mad Frog in Cincinnati! #DoTheRightThing cc: ” Rage face on
He's perfect <U+2665>
Dear guy who drove his corvette through 4ft of water & got stuck.... FAIL!
lets talk about the weather...
take me along me encanta
i don't have one. :(
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
and yes voicceeeee
what's up?!
Why do neither of my roommates understand my bracket pain??
that's why they frost the glass
Bank of Texas is hiring Branch Managers - must have strong sales and ops exp. Email me at
Daily #SHOUTOUTS Always great to tweet with ya! #FOLLOW these 2 tweeps! Thanks!
Great news #TED Talk in March!
who cumming?
is chillin in Portland, OR. Goin to San Francisco tomorrow, then back to L.A.!
It's going to be fun! Can't wait! #bbbethicsawards :)
what are they using rubber core balls here, ??
Everyone's had the "When i was your age" lecture from their parents. Several times.
Finna go back to sleep
Night was turning good , until my mom killed it .
Although i cyuld be sleeping i have to get up for work now -__-
can't wait to serve you our Sonoran. Stat tuned, it'll be here soon.
Happy Birthday Mj. You're a legend. We miss ya dude. <3
lol....deep breaths
I am one million times more interesting than dos eqius man.
Its something ima have to get used to
Nothing I can say will ever make u happy. For whatever reason u r content to hate me (). Life is 2 short 2 fight.
Mom R.I.P Nancy L. Vann Love.
oof. Haven't done that...yet! :)
On my life
Everybody has different opinions
RT RT : In 16 years none of my teammates have consistently beat me to the ball. - Ray Lewis
Its great to have friends who are never there for u when u need them and always there when u don't want em'....
Im gonna take Robbie Gould with the 10th pick, just a little heads up since you pick after me
I WILL BUY YOU ONE ONLINE AND SEND IT TO YOU
I would want a couple vicodins too, if I had to deal with kids all day.
wd love to get u out here on this course to see what you think. but lkin fwd to our June ride!
thanks for sharing yesterday
Film now complete, this twitter will be winding down while we work the sale /festival/distribution strategy for 2012. It's been a blast!
Amen to that
oh. If u want to I guess (:
Nice to see you on the list - thanks for registering, we're gonna rock this town!
To all the 9-5ers heading home, have a great weekend and hug your mom for us!
In Jason Russell's defense, the man was playing an invisible banjo.
I've not been called a baller, but I have a shirt that says "BALL U" which I find endlessly funny.cc:
I see you
Awesome editorial tonight by on gay rights ... inspiring to see a champion of equality on TV
and Steve Hutchinson left guard from the vikes
Omg people can be so selfish. Get your head out of ur ass, stop thinkin about yourself and make me a fuckn apptment is that so hard
Con't ... Or maybe just bring back a old cast... That would even work! Lorne Michaels I beg you! Please help the show! NOW! ...Sigma out
Listening to #RiseAgainst... about to start studying.
it has been great!!!! Loved it. Go for it!!!
Breakfast for dinner? Hm
Cable Green, quoting a colleague: "We need to shift from not invented her to proudly borrowed from there."
guess I'm old school. Lol
Paranormal activity from the USS Midway will be shared at the conference. Much of this info is new to the public.
So they mad because I know what was said....wow
Wishin you had a Trackin Device to Find somethin you Lost.
where can I get a copy of the diagram of the structure of the media used in the movie #missrep ? Any ideas
Imagine Austin : Austin: Hey babe... You: hey what's up? Austin: We need to talk... You:....oh :/ Austin: I never wanna lose & i love you.
ugh I hate those children!
Welcome back to DC :)
If you haven't saved the project, the recording lives there. Advice: check files there to ensure you don't need, then delete.
no they were still filming
Great job by & the team opening in South Philly tonight. First #PhillyRising meeting in 4 languages!
Thanks so much for the comment, would you wanna S/O for S/O?
i like jasmines ass
get ready
Sorry for the delay. This week I could do Thursday before Night Strike, or possibly Friday morning? What about you?
What does today's word of the day "demonstrable" mean? A)Stupid B)Conscientious C)Capable of positive proof D)Of prodigious size E)Harsh
My thighs and my ass are a curse lbs
Christmas. I need you.
Recording a piano EP tonight! Excited :)
your headlines always make me stop, well done :)
Congrats on being homeowners! How exciting!
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it. ~ David Starr Jordan
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our listeners! Take the day to spend time with friends and family & b grateful for the opportunities we have :)
Yes. And yeah, Im seriously about to punch a wall.
sounds busy!! Hope your talk went well!
Now that #Obama approves of gay marriage, I would like to marry another man. Are there any takers?
Have you ever seen anyone run with their arms up by their chest like a T-rex?
okay going to start tweeting again. currently doing my show up at
RT : I remain eternally thankful for the UNDO button! > Wish their was one for life, too.
We at a red light ? I aintt gunna stop till you realize its truee my g' (:
We have to blue our loads all over that arena.
Hey i just Follow ur other Twitter :)))))
Absolutely THE best cannibal movie. But does Soylent Green count?
Do we get a glimpse at your favorite spots?
don't forget to come watch me tonight at 10:30 est! i'll be waiting!
#sxsw brain computer interfaces talk opened with your work, discussing current research aka neuromancer as reality
Yeah, I mean I don't really know anyone in Boston except Eddie.
I need more followers to.
my nails are purple ! Lmfao. They a pair of cuties. (;
looking forward to meeting you as well!
Punky Brewster - fearless fashionista & she didn't even know it. She was just doin' her!
Fresno Rock video droppin' this afternoon.
.. clarifying A2 another dynamic: not all r direct buyers; some, trying to find their way: "what's available to me here?"
it is thanks finally making the full time plung and moving out there permanantley so just looking for that next acting job :)
thanks! all the vietnam ones are up and bangkok part 2. rest soon - i'm on a mission!
Way to WORK, its going to be an AWESOME winter season!
Nothing like good food, good/odd busking, and great coffee. Love this place.
Hence why tournies are better...I can't play several at a time and not worry about donking off thousands live I have done!
Apple juice
it is my job!
Last general meeting of the semester will be next Thursday!!
I am tattooless but hear good things bout
I love you! <3
shout out to the MAD BOY!!! always one of ur biggest fann :) <3 u !!!!!
I thought he pulled out...
Someone just said I can play your younger brother on film. I took it as a great compliment, I am a big fan. Can't wait 4 Avengers.
Sounds delicious! RT made Watercress, Goat Cheese, Cucumber, Radish & Truffle Oil Sandwiches
Haaah, me either :(
thanks for following Amicus!
Come on #SDSU! Don't let me down!
banana split?
#SuperBowl Ahmad Bradshaw wanted to stop at the one yard line but his momentum keeps him forward. Wow Patriots still have a shot.
I think ima do a top 20 of my pretty ladi followers S/o dis morninq
Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get - Dale Carnegie
"Oh shit, I almost dropped a plate. That's why I'm never invited to places"... "And because you're kinda not funny".
Summer School started this week. Great to have students back in the building! Sharpening reading & math skills. Register for Fall now!
Grind time
I want cereal
was going to buy a subscription to from Living Social, but it sold out, not spending the extra $30 for the regular subscription ><
Alex and DeJesus they are one and thee same because the both got long tails.
Finally, a use for Twitter! On a Sauce Sabbatical. I'll be marking my progress via tweet. Today's day one of 31.
I'm straight geekin about that Bobby Ray thing.
I'll try to find Some sciccer stuff...
RT 2 be free means the ability to deal with the realities of 1's own situation so as not to be overcome by them. - H.Thurman
if only I had the cash...
Once you're attached... You're screwed.
HA! where are you?
World Cup Final today at 11:30! Come in to Fox and watch it on our 3 10' screens!
got tan today (:
is the last person to file his papers to run as a candidate for mayor of San Francisco
“: “: Luke Scott's beard looks stupid. #Rays” <--- #truth”
She deserve it she make it all worth it
Relish will be at Desert Breeze park all day tomorrow for the World Adult Kickball Finals! Yes, I did say KICKBALL!
Not sure I could pull that off now that it's already the wknd. I'm all 4 it, if u can make it work somehow & not raise the $.
Lets get it Mike Vick! !!!
Ugh someone go to Flanagins with me! I want ribs! See, it's moments like this where boys come in handy.
It's SkinCancer Awareness Month! To kick it off, is offering 30% discount on their site,good until 5/12/12. Use code IWYS30 2redeem!
so glad I found your music on NPR- beautiful beautiful album.
Flight attendant is a beotch
We changed our background to the amazing 28 poster by What do you think? (We love it.)
Nice base-running by the Dodgers, but Loney lucked out there.
Monks drank coffee to stay awake and concentrate on what they were doing.
what about this kid
RT : Ack. I have a cold. Phlegm everywhere. Everything I say sounds Welsh.
i went out last night. first night out in a long while. im doin work from home if that makes ya feel better lol
#KingFelix & Brandon McCarthy combined for 15 IPs, 9 K's, 0 BB, 2 ER. Neither of them will end up with a W.
Hope everyone is having a fantastic week! We're having some awesome performers tonight from HOMAGROWN showcase, so stop by if you can! OKC
imagine if you were a dude and your name was Larry, but you spelled it "Lari."
My father was a saint, I'm not. ~ Indira Gandhi
couldn't skip 30 second ad
Can't wait to see the video of the #kony2012 guy explaining to his son "why daddy got arrested."
Awe, serenity made me a picture!
All men's souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine. - Socrates (favorite quote of all fucken' time:)
I thought Obama's real father was Jor-El.
that lightning looked like a tsnumi was coming 5 mins ago.
Good morning every1 who'ss up nn' on twitter jusst tweet'n away!! Get'n ready for school this morning
If Junior Seau's death results in more progress towards treating depression and concussions, something good may come from this tragedy.
Gotta say man, been a fan of yours for awhile, now me and my Dad have nothing to bond over on Sundays!
Great news everyone! SPI is going to be extending our early application deadline to December 15th, 2011 for ALL PROGRAMS!
won our first soccer game in the new upper division! we all played so well. Great work team!!
happy bday bro u getting up there
but where are the pom poms?
Point about diachronic aspects of models links up with talk yesterday about looking for historiography of models
Get well soon. Bieber Fever killed 1/3 of the population in 2011. Its one of the all-time worst pandemics
sorry, you're not pretty, i am. go the fuck away.
Joe Montana.
i love you and ur ah haha ah laughs too bro.
are precious and beautiful<U+2665>!!C:
from what i see Monte Brown will not be drinking tonight if he comes to the gathering..
Congrats! And when we all win the lotto... Congrats! *twittah partayyyy*
will do madam
I will be performing tonight at the #Brunswick #Maine Knights of Columbus. I promise it will be
Thanx 4 completely wasting 27mins of my precious weekend time waiting on hold. Also your "bundles" are a joke!
is there anything u like about school? i like to see the cute boys
Officially booked with for 's 25th with !! Pumped!
#LifeWouldBeBetter if a spoon full of sugar really helped medicine go down. Or if a little boy from a horror movie had a convincing accent
Dane Co. Sheriff Dave Mahoney says he believes tensions now easing amid protesters as some now being allowed in Capitol.
wonder if I'll always be with you.
Gay gimmicks: a tactic to get more pussy
lmao don't lie danny!
#dhtrial apparently theirs was a separate case which they had agreed to settle and didn't want to wait. Bendix saw them in jury room.
#bookaday GRIN AND BEAR IT by Leo Landry. Fun early chapter book.
I have worked super hard on a new UI for apps at the office. SOMEONE won't open up to the idea because I'm not formally trained. Really?
well in that case...be lazy all you want.
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves. - E. Joseph Cossman
Thanks good advice but just trying to point out some important details that voters should know about.
erm,. follow back ? :D
Ha! Awesome her- walkin in bldg
"Is that a leash?" "No, its a child safety tether!" "No, that's a leash" hahahahahaha new modern family!!
no its mala I'm the fukin leader
yes i am.
This bus driver seems to know all the tricks for avoiding traffic. My aunt would be so proud.
Good morning, Lord. I love U w/ all my heart but why must You wake me at 0345. Oh, I know...silence & undivided attention.
The kitten is giant in comparison to the Panda, so you might be on to something.
Happy Mother's Day to my grandma's Betty Conn & Charlotte Barnes who will also hear from me today as well : )
RT My school won too.. Yay! 78-58 final. Griffon men finish on high note w W
On my way to the office
Lindenwood showing heart here in the third. 5 mins in
So I'll follow back when I can....Twitter doesn't want me to become TOO famous, but I can't help it. I'm a shameless media whore #just sayin
Consider it done.
Your retweets are are entertaining me this morning.
riot by slaps.
it won't...I turn 20 in a few weeks and don't feel anything yet
good to see you. Keep in touch
Gonna go get the herr did... Then coffee with , then cocktails with Jack... I love busy days!
If you're going anywhere in downtown Ft Worth this morning, leave an hour earlier than normal. You might bring a stress ball too.
Wondering why the woman's restroom smelled like cologne.
Check it out!! “: Kids eat FREE all day today with purchase of entree!! If you have a family dinner tonight try Brewstone!”
LOVE this!
Tongue kiss her other tongue, skeet, skeet, skeet, watergun!
What is tango?
Off to the Mpls Farmers Market now for spring fare & to see , , !
yeah my nephew means the world to me... I don't need kids of my own as long as I got him. If I do decide to have a kid I'll be 30
it's either lemonade and iced tea, or urine and diarrhea. both fantastic!
he is a great actor
the slasher? so good
my pleasure pal.
I hear you!
anyone want to go shopping in downtown seattle this evening?
Oh my brother tryna set me up, what is the world comin' to? i loved you nigga! , lol., im just playin' Chez.
Still waiting for part 2! RT wrong..it's the CHA CHA slide now. "to the left now ya'll!
#wsox Scherzer not so Hot, now gone, leaving the #Tigers to Weather the result.
The Prop 15 campaign just earned a turd for sending out emails from Barbra Streisand.
Can't wait to watch #fridaynightfights on ESPN this friday.
Happy birthday to my birthday boos, twin-zeees !!!! Tonight is going to, get real???
do we get some of that?
"Gov. Martinez's shoulder length bob did not return a request for comment."
Oh spammers, you're so cute with you're adorable little tricks.....
RT Stay-at-home moms. When asked "What do you do?" Reply confidently with, "I deal in futures." YES!
mw3 me and
Ok just got to the Conference at Hotel Penn in NYC...let's see what this is all about.
<3 when 1/2 asleep and 1/2 awake - the alarm goes off and anything is possible. I flipped the phone convinced I turned back time by 15 mins.
Sometimes in #JMS480 with I feel like I am being trained to be a PR ninja.
at what?
Thanks Willie! One day of #JazzFest down and six more to go!!
#dctech watching peter corbett in action
apparently im the one in my psych class thats on the road to schizophrenia i just need my hallucinations to start lol
You're welcome! I have to remind myself of this very thing all the time :-)
Lol ladies I can cook!
What are the implications of e-textbooks for education? Join me for a Google+ hangout today at 1 pm CST. Look for Lisa Spiro on G+.
wait. I don't get it. Ben Franklin is from Philadelphia not Chicago. IMPOSTER! The real Ben Franklin was at #brews&bowties!
Not being able to play the sport you love has to be the most cruel punishment
too sad. Kohls?
Like this page or follow me on twitter and receive a 20% Discount on Premium Computer Tune Up service. This offer expires 10/30/2011.
of course! :)
Once you start down the dark path, forever it will dominate your destiny.
Congrats on another 1000yd season...
Massey has the badgers unranked , not 8.
works for me. I'm currently hanging out in Troy until our lunch so we could do earlier if you want, no big deal though.
well its a great fukkin song!
Nice to meet you as well. I cannot respond to your email until you follow me.
Thinking about where you're going to watch the #Badger football game tomorrow? We have $2 Labatt & BL tall boys & $5 Bloody Marys!
Gotta love when your IP telephony system starts ringing off the hook on Friday afternoon.
I wish I could box to relieve stress
i have a puppy who wants the job and will probably win.
Never get tired of saying it...Archer is bad ass.
Get em see you baby
My son is one of those statistics. He was 15 mos when he fell out the window onto our driveway. He was lucky. Most are not.
the show started as a basic greek play... now it's a musical. very different cueing needs
Best customer name of the day: Harry Foote
where is he going?
Proud of you Mr. Crump! Praying for you and the family during this process
What you talking bout Willis?
You say I played you, but to be honest... You are still the one I want..
My dog wants the jelly beans I bought today. Like, REALLY wants them and won't leave me alone. Wouldn't be shocked if the bowl is gone...
back up if you're that close to her, hurry
Really craving berrywinkle right now!
I don't think I've ever been this bored at home before
How you gon call me and try to lie and say you butt dialed me.!??? You know GOOD n WELL that you meant to do it.!!
is up in SF covering shareholder action. I'm covering hungerfast. Follow
A very warm welcome to the students and families here today for our College Exploration Day!
FREE LUNCH
Socializing for the sake of social media
sunoco on 10th
<U+270B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> RT : Drunk wit no ass to eat
The further you underestimate me, the further down you dig yourself. You're not here during my struggle, nor will you be in my success.
Thanks for the mention!
How so?
you too! The early spring is looking good for downtown ;)
Happy Birthday to my awesome cousin ! I Hope It's Awesome (:
I just now learned what 69 means. Wow. Just wow.
Awesome!! RT : Phree Pizza today @ Glass Nickel Pizza on University Avenue in Madison, WI. Get the code word at www.phreeps.com
Just saw 42nd Street at the Northport Theatre. Only a 10 min walk from my house.
I'll post pictures!
RT : Brittney: Strong storms are staying North for now.) Scattered showers starting to pop up throughout our area. Stay tuned!
But sometimes you just want a happy movie with some puppies and if it's not what you get, it's frustrating.-
RT : Ereaders should not be compared with books. They should be compared with bookcases.
Happy birthday to !!!
BEAN BALLET
So, presumably visualizations are intended to be perceived visually… so aren't these more of a sensualization?
You sure it's soda? Just sayin
I am my biggest enemy.
HAHAHAHA that was awesome
I hope your evacuation is uneventful. Thinking of you!!!
Give a listen to my audio clips for a laugh, Cris. (don't let the boss catch ya:) www.freekshowradio.com
time for Vegas! You're flying! Shotgun back seat
Arlen Specter is doing standup comedy now. Weird.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, learning from failure.
mother fucker. Ur body is sick. Love it!!!!!
So sweet!!!
some dont know the difference now. here in Milwaukee drinking is part of childhood development.
“: that is what made it brilliant :)” I swear, I read it 5 times and just as I hit TWEET...
Once the 3 colors are applied, let them sit for a few seconds then go outside to see which color disappears into your skin.
lol well not this time lol
Hahaha wow that IS last minute! Were you replacing a no-show?
I'm a bit of a worrier. That's why they call me 'Whiskers'
Can't wait for Sunday BFF time
You murder my bubble D; RT : all girls say that, to every guy (x
How is it that has the Nets tonight instead of the Knicks? TV needs to be more nimble. Quick poll -- who should be on TV - NJN/NYK?
Shouldn't they all be at Monte Vista right now?
I'm walking on sunshine! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><U+2600>
In mathematics taking a test nd no 1 has a clue wat there doin:'(
Man this is best second half game ever!!!!
In car going to. Sawgrass mall.
Is it the same thing with vault tickets?
HEALTHCARE-15 ?'s to ask to KNOW the quality of your health ins plan and co. www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php Order your book today!!!!!
you have bad cousins lol
I wonder of Dani blackberry icy or poo
We think yes!!
if you were in the hunger games, how far do you think you'd make it?
I hope that bitch go different ways.
Everybody is beautiful to somebody.
My Brother is VP for a huge liqour (sp) Distributor....take your pick! ... My suggestion...Boonsfarm...very country
Tonight Live music and Three Olives girls at the bar starting at 10pm!!!
Finally got an iPhone
ham &amp; cheddar stuffed pretzel calzones - Girl Versus Dough
All I've done is sleep all freaking day. Stitches hurt and I want out of the house. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Don't hate me cause you aint me
Thinking what to tweet nothing to tweet I can't come up with something to tweet. Well I guess I did think of something to tweet I'm done!
it's Friday!!!
I'm bored af -__- I next some mentions , dms , & text messages .
#thingswomenlike when you're old fashioned
RT : 5-10pm:~CATCH Choice of Grilled Salmon or Large sea scallops~PRIME RIB~fried ravioli~1/2 OFF SELECTED BOTTLES OF WINE!
Apocalypse Now is on. My plans for a productive morning are now shot.
Our Fall Meetup is tomorrow! Come by between 6-8pm and sample our menu and taste some Meet Chefs Eric Bauer and Aaron Andrews.
At Creator's Project, I can see Ed Lee in the VIP section.
Why don't you follow back ehh ? ; )
Yeah? What's the worst you've got? (Seriously, I am looking for test cases)
Sadface, im in the US ;(
UR LOVED IN THE D...DETROIT NICKI BABY
Big time. Seems like he could use the playing time to regain his form, but is he hurt?
Wow, another amazing Mommy & Me afternoon at Tangerine learning center <3 <3
Auditioning for Fluffy Bunnies in a Field of Daisies today. Very excited!
so, erm, i'm watching Austin's covers on youtube, and i cant stop crying. you see what you do to me? ;o
Love Rachm's Vespers? So do we! State Capella Choir of Russia will present it + other faves Oct. 19 at 7 pm in Potomac. $35. 301 548 9250!
YAYAY!!!! have a photo of your ginger bread house?
Thanks! It may change a bit before launch, but we like where we're going so far!
That a boy Brandon Inge!
This coming from one who loves to mix contrasting patterns.
The FA need to investigate this ref. Just atrocious. Is the gangster Abramovich paying officials? Shady owners done it b4. Marseille. Milan
I like the redesign! must have happened in last few days?
yes my schedule is pretty clear all morning. Let me know what time works for you.
Romney is so full of shit.
Why am I always hungry!? I just ate!!
they will underrae the players like always
just say that I said if you can come to my house and shell be like of course I love Jazmine hehehe<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
ikr its ok ughh we needa hang asap catch up on old times:)
When did you and Alex meet for the first time??? :)
Thank you so much for the #FF love
I missed Twitter... *random*
are you coming to school?
Good morning Kyle! I hope your day is as wonderful as I am hoping mine will be!!!
Oh Snapz what're you up to..
#idol - Hollie dared to show a different side and she was fantastic!
The weekend is here.. what to do!?! Any ideas ?
EVERYONE SHOULD FOLLOW ! Put a stop to kony and his ways!
Waking up to Gabe :D
Mark Twain letters safe and sound in acid-free archives boxes. Loan agreement signed. Next step: display.
Who in their right mind thought the new interface is better? Why force it on us? I may finally stop using Gmail
And now they've switched days? WTF, Canada?
That what I wanted to address, but it didn't read that way. Gov welfare for the Wealthy, because it's deserving? Vote 'em out!
oh it sure won't. Just use that black card I sent you.
my god belz
Hanging with & at the studios. Tune in now!
AHEM...Correction..2SHADES is violent! 2SHAAAAADES
RT : hey can you take 30 seconds of your time and vote for my band The Species...
#whosgonnalose - San Francisco at Philadelphia - San Francisco will lose
OUCH! Did ya see that? #witnesses to #onmyown statement Huh? =D
good look lil bro
The effing autocorrect version of brass
When mom makes my day n brings me home cute nailpolish >>>>> #bringsoutthegirlygirlinme ;P
“: #R.I.P ITUNES!!!!!!” Hip Pop Star Rita Ora calls for the death of iTunes.
not true.
so you passionately love gossip?
$1 PBR drafts at Ames Plow in Faneuil Hall #Boston? Hello Miss, can I buy you a PBR? If she says yes she is a keeper! I love
I'll have to see! 9am is tough because I have rehearsal but we'll see. :)
You want to be friends? I don't even want to see your face!
word i m so tired
I much prefer standard WordPress comments
good luck with tweets! Be careful what you #!
Tell me if you come to Japan! We will asobu! Onegaishimasu!
See you all at the Double Door tonight! Door at 8, first band at 8:30 and we go on at 10:45.
#LastTimeIChecked The world revolved around the sun not you.
30 Rock love the show it should keep on going more Seasons.
had a great time at the lecture/show in RVA last night. Totally on board with your approach to improv.
WE ARE WE ARE!! Happy Holidays!
Chris Frasco is currently playing in Mocha Joe's and he's got jokes! Take a break from that unnecessary homework and come take a listen!
Steelers drafted Chris Rainey. Fastest dude ever. thank god
thanks man means so much, spread the word about us! <3
Setting tasks to fit the semester calendars Chapters are set up on is a great idea. #PRSSA A4
Off to Florida tomorrow - and what will I be doing on vacation in Florida? Crocheting mittens.
Harden not no patty though....nbs
what do you mean you're leaving
yes twin!!! Weds or thurs! Or you can come to tulsa when I give up my title on the 4th!
yeah, I know
oh okay and it's good how's track and aau
And so it begins... Take no shit from the English. Happy St. Paddy's day all!
Knowing youll never be fully gone
Yeah, THAT'll work!
When I tweet I have stupid autocorrect that makes me sound like I'm 11. -___- well i'm not. Just saying! Haha
#whenitwascoolsayto say girls rule boys drull!:-)
If followed me I'd be the luckiest girl ever!
THEN BACK IT UP, BEEP BEEP LIKE A TRUCKA.
Looking for my glasses without my contacts on is a mission
I could be your perfect disaster, you could be my ever after.
it does all morning I been on the toilet
Reorganizing today: Getting my fall schedule finalized, doing and work, and writing my article.
Thank you for all of your help and support for :)
I've never watched it so I had no idea of the racial makeup...but 23 seasons is a LOT. Will be interesting to see how case goes.
i see you up tryna be on one lol
how are you spending your May 1st?
You can change someone's day with just a simple smile <3 ;)
Be creative in finding ways to make your kids feel special even when you can’t be there.
Woo! So exciting! Welcome packs are the best!
what?! That played for the Chargers?
We have more machinery of government than is necessary, too many parasites living on the labor of the industrious. - Thomas Jefferson
will it also have a running time segment for those harried parents who can't do more than 90 minutes? :)
Everything, your music included!
me too!
It was a premake. THE THING. Yes, very bad.
Gona surprise my Grams for her Bday today!
Beilein's conditions on E Smotrycz were Bo-esque. Couldn't go to B-Ten or anyone Mich had scheduled for 2 yrs.
just turned in. What a long but rewarding day. Officially an M3 Pitch winner!!!! Looking forward to all of the amazing things to come in th…
$535 million to Solyndra while the SBA delays a $500k loan to a a growing manufacturer due to a library fine the owner's kid owes.
Welcome to the 2011 interns starting today! We hope you enjoy your semester at the Institution!
Test Your Skills! Optical illusion that can deceive you!
Kildee: we still haven't really reached out to take care of our special needs students.
There’s no need to promise excessive amounts of service. Just a little extra effort will be perceived as an increase in value by customers.
You may not go to Ravenholm now; but trust me, you will someday.
I literally thought someone was pointing a hose at the Archives window. "Who does that? Oh... Mother Nature. WTH."
hard work pays off; i need to push myself a little harder - - wont hurt no body
Hooking up with 2 German tourists at their hotel in 1 hour. They want to popper me up and use my holes. Fuck yeah!
Me and my mama are going out for brunch. RT : I love that my kids are grown and not burning up toast in my kitchen right now :)
How can you NOT watch the original Jurassic Park when it's on?
We'll never feel so safe again, But love always remains.
I should do that! then maybe I can do a gogol search for my nose.
k I will I'll text u later
Smokin' Woody is a brilliant name for a BBQ joint.
Thinking about doing a day of sound recording project for 1.20.09 - inauguration day. day O sound.
"I'm pretty sure this is why I have an ulcer... *shows easter peeps*" - , my almost-graduate.
DEAL OF THE DAY! Stop in and take an extra 10% off any bottle of lotion, but only if you mention this ad!
We were lucky to have you here! Thanks for being part of the panel - you were great.
yeah u can come visit me :)
How she doesn't want to look at herself because of her lips. And her lips symbolize how she can't speak.
i look like a gorilla
Age does not depend upon years, but upon temperament and health. Some men are born old & some never grow so
Good job bro! I need to do the same!! RT : Fuck yeah. I'm down to 255. Started this diet at 278 in jan
hey, I'm from South Africa too. I'd have to ship to you. Pop me an email at and we will chat.
Roger That!
welcome to Twitter.
Mike is trying to coax me out of the warm cabin, but i am waiting on smoke from campfire & smell of breakfast cooking
I have some FREE ADMISSION tickets for the Hollywood Jammers game for the Kids. Any charitable group or youth group send me a message
gotcha thanks
Thanks so much for voting for us!
Hey there - just heard about it this am - what's the deal?
yes it is!!!! So beautiful and relaxing at times but sometimes u wanna share it with someone
Having a cat gives you a 15% advantage in getting through library school.
gotten all I need to set it all up, etc. if you'd like a catalog when I receive my kit in a few days, DM me ur address.
seems odd that they were speedy and secretive (knowing things were going downhill). I wonder...
has a great seat to watch Linus Torvalds speaking to us. Only 3 rows back.
Rivera going down is tough news for Yankees. Just a matter of time until 's idol Jeter starts closing games.
thanks friend!
don't give up just cause you had a bad day. forgive yourself and do better tomorrow
Getting fit ain't easy but as of this morning 7 lbs down! 8 to go til fighting shape.
Love those Gators
couldn't agree more
#iabaudio bad audio ;(. Baby steps to the elevator.
I want cute little notes made for me ;(
Welcome & thanks wtzgoodPHL So many great ideas.
Watching #ActOfValor and on the edge of my seat!!!
NFL piece was fascinating. Didn't buy or agree with 100% but makes plausible (and scary) case for the potential. Thx for sharing
Experienced Recruiter with over 16 years of experience is currently seeking either contract or full time recruiting opportunities, please i…
Cool. Yes, I have 10 days of marking in my near future. Good luck with yours!
What a gorgeous day in Pasco! What are you doing today #TampaBay?
If Tony Stark had a direwolf, I bet it would look like Rush from Mega Man.
RT : you already know, I stay lowkey -- I already kno bro.. Bro sodos low key is cracking
Nice. Wanted to hit up Meat last night. New favorite bar.
Thank you for making golf exciting again. Those last two birdies were incredible. Congratulations!!!
Had the PB Blackout from The Flying Cupcake Bakery yesterday! A #mustdo if your sweet tooth kicks in on your visit to
Finished watching TV series The Killing. It's like a joyless, melancholy Twin Peaks, only duller.
Best nap ever....
follow my account
Then I learn it just a Fed Ex guy ir something lmfao
Congrats guys!
“: I don't respond to "k"” ion respond to full well thought out sentences
Our EP drops June 1st!!! Grab a DISCOUNTED Pre-Sale before it hits #iTunes and #Google Play
well, she doesn't think you're a pedophile. it's more like, "i don't know this girl and last time you went somewhere with some
#RobRyan thank you for selling all those woof tickets last week. THE LIONS DEFENSE CASHED THEM ALL FOR YOU TODAY!
And yet you still can't answer any of them. Now go and call childish and delusional
My man just ordered us a round of red headed sluts. Thx
: PayPal started off as beaming payments between palm pilots. Yes. Old school!
Just finished our last rehearsal for tomorrow nights show!
Now I'm on a plane back to atl - ah looking fwd to sleep!
Have you ever seen the traffic sign, "Caution! Low Flying Aircraft"? Are you supposed to duck?
oh okay. I read so many of these things, it must be rediculous!
watched tv all day;ummhum
what car are we talking about?
Preparations are in full swing for the BCB’s annual 28th Home Fair Expo home show. February 24,25,26,2012 at the Dome
OK, likewise!
best tweet ever.
I think I am the only friend that has
great work! Stay Blessed!
Chris Brown is killing this shit, straight up!
Assignment went great, now post work and getting ready for new assignment!! Will post details on that later:)
What diets have you tried that have really worked?
no I didn't until. Sounds pretty awesome & Simmons has a point. Are you going?
You too!!! And stay beautiful!!!:)
"MOOC" = massively open online course. For a minute I was totally hoping we were going to talk about MUDs, mid 90s online identity.
Have fun at your booking today, Bert :)
#ThingsThatAreSEXY Megan Fox
That "I fail at life" moment when your trying to pull up the covers and you punch yourself in the face. :/
trying to get you to come to Miami......
Pretty different because that trade never would have gone down.
In 1969, 52% of Americans knew someone who died in Vietnam
I just saw a somewhat small squirrel, but I still havent seen a baby or pregnant squirrel, ever!
how many people were there??
i need some sleeping pills i need to be awake for my new job in the morning
yeah that part "I love to love you baby" wow RIP Donna :(
I adore this wonderful man--> :-)
I have no idea why I didn't download sooner- I'm addicted!
Thanks for the follow - hope you're well.
Why am I the only one who think that "refill" song is annoyn?
Wouldn't we run it as a collective?
Ever notice "what tHe hell" is always the right answer?
Smiling doesn't mean that 'Im happy. Laughing doesnt mean I don't cry. & loving you doesn't mean I'll wait for you for the rest of my life.
Hey, , can you explain what is with the number 69? I've been wondering that since your 69th episode of your LP.
A FUQKIN LAME Would Be Embarrassed To Say Names Lol Its Not My Love Tho QT : Girl Who Is You Arguing With ?
can't wait! Going to 2 ST games next Sat & Sun! Get to see the new Miami Stadium on Sunday!
i'll update my twitter and tumblr on saturday afternoon!!!! since it's such a busy week D;
have moved on from "embarrassing singalong" to "Downton Abbey marathon" part of the day. At least this part can happen during homework.
Dolph Gabbana #aTime2Kill. Finna be Trending in this Bitch!!!! Listen to one song that shyt is Weed to my EARS download that Junt
Good call! I'll try today :)
Food truck gathering ! Friday night 5-9. Baltimore museum of industry ! Key highway 4/15 /12
Tomorrow should just be Friday.
Working on my portfolio.
and now she is not. ugh people
just want to commend you for your bravery & wish you the best during your process. A co-worker of mine did the same some years >
the one with the blue ribbon in the chain? I just saw that too. It's beautiful.
#WeAreUK "you know it"
Aww, I missed a hideous useless trinket of the 8th mascot of my bad baseball team. But it was free, so I'm upset.
Kia ad: funny with the Motley Crue and rhino rodeo. Did the women need to be in bikinis? Really?
Good Morning!
allowed a lowlife piece of human trash, and his weak-willed wife, to adopt two once-innocent children.
night! :D
Things are good! And bless you for saying we don't all need to write blogs to be good marketers. :-)
If you're looking for good new music, ask ! She knows whats up ;)
follow me :(
Wine Quote of The Day(grape your brain) Wine is the thinking person's health drink. ~Dr. Phillip Norrie
really ? Happy BIrthday! we r same age :)
Mary Kay trusted global name in skin care, makeup & body Beauty advice, makeup trends, virtual makeover & business opportunity
If i had 10 mil followers like oprah i wouldnt know what to say
Great game for both Georgia and MSU
these blahzay e-mails tombout: "Hi!" That's it. Just "Hi!"
Any of you guys making it out to WWDC?
Great to meet you at TEDMED, Let's have coffee in Cville soon.
international district, and it's the best!
I'm definitely guilty for letting my room get a little dusty but my dad takes it to a whole other level.
what was he even mad about?
I think I'll make MYSELF a pair of gloves today! But I can't decide on colors :S
When is over capacity...I feel all paranoid that everyone is talking about me, because when I'm finally in, it gets really quiet.
okay girl!!! It's gonna be a fuckin awesome day!
On the grill tonight: Beer Cheese Bacon Burgers. Just think about that for a minute.
Surprisingly great.
It's over! Much shorter than I was expecting...and really not a speech with a lot of oomph. I guess we all have our off days.
I think my new years resolution is to not make a new years resolution, so I don't let myself down by not sticking to it.
Time to finish packing for my trip tomorrow... I need to get the Bus Driver moving too. He has a lot of work ahead of him tomorrow!!
LMAO!!! no worries... I thought to myself I'm not doing anything! lol
I don't believe it!
I wish and were doing a Simmons-esque running diary of this Idol episode, too much unintentional comedy
U do tht every time u watch tv?
Fogg, this is a delay greatly to your disadvantage
You have all 10 of my votes!!!
like the last tweet! Haha I hear you skip! Please retweet!
He thought trading block was a woman RT : Worth noting that Marshall hit the trading block before the incident.
we got this. Faith will be restored.
why dont you guys see and follow me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>ive been voting all day and all i see is other peoplegetting followed..followmeback!
While everybody continues to be paranoid for the next month, I'm gonna go ahead and enjoy watching everybody freak out.
Fight of the year?
I need u & when I find u I loose u & it's like u run off into the wilderness so I can save u again but this time I need u to come save me
RT : RT : Dates for PDUFA, MDUFA, GDUFA Committee Hearings Announced, Top #FDA Officials to Testify - #Regulatory Focus
Thanks for the follow!
I'm not saying theres not an argument to put them #1. Just playing devils advocate and seeing what yours is.
Paragon Supply G&#39; Nosh For UK Launch
Yeah, Brandon should have had that, but if that pass is higher and leading him he's got a big gain.
forget the NHL & NBA playoffs...I'm just gonna sit here at watch this.
Was a bit of a relief, actually, to hear European voices/guests on your morning show-pls book more!
Everybody wants to be captin #SAVE-A-HOE, forget dat broad! Its dat end of the world anyway! Lol
If we are doing a ladder I want in! I was bummed I missed the DCWeek one.
I am not a whore #butiliketodoit oh gosh
Sadly, I've never been-know it only from books.But last month visited Portugal & found Jardim de Regaleira.Fascinating.
That awkward moment when the Google alert for your name sends you an obituary.
I said the exact same thing when i saw how stores her t-shirts.
Life's too short, so kiss gently, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive easily.
i follow you follow me or you follow me i follow you
I sit here and wonder if you'll ever understand just how much of me belongs to you.
Don't feed me bullshit
You know my name not my life. So don't be quick to judge.
Yes! To talk innovation in health and health care. RT Field trip! // cc
This #lfc game has not been ideal to introduce my new daughter to the Reds. Cmon you redmen!
TRUST the one who can see these 3 things in YOU; SORROW behind your SMILE, LOVE behind ur ANGER...& REASON behind ur SILENCE.
I couldn't make the #smallbizsummit but you should meet both of you are great supporters of
i already knw this is nthn but thoughts lol...from tripple d to da boot
Dear headache, You have shown up everyday at 2 pm for the last week. I did not invite you. So stop being rude & stay home from now on. Thx!
I like Tofu when it is marinated!
What it is De? We just hit you with more fire!!! Check your inbox.
Everyday is a good day to pay it forward
Thanks and same to you!
Wish I could be home and SLEEP!!
About to see my brother graduate from University of Chicago business school today. Not a fan of graduations - P
clouds quickly giving way to sun...partially
I wiped out Hollister & "Fitch" ... plenty of khakis/cargo shorts, tees and board shorts - in every colour possible!
you averaged 17 mph. Yesterday I averaged a bit under 7.4 mph on a windless day and felt proud of the progress! :)
My wisdom teeth are still giving me troubles :(
RT : Long talks with people who mean a lot to you >
iPhone software updates take forever!
need tips on improving you home security?
Dog fencing can be an attractive and functional option whether you are keeping your don in or out..
When you have no more places to hide, no more thoughts to win, and no place to go, that's when you're ready to let God take the lead.
- ROAS more consistent than ROI since cost of investment varies from person to person.
Just moved into the new Sunnyvale office... my days daily commute from San Jose to San Francisco are finally at an end!
um, what is going on. You and both used #urgetokill as a hashtag. Is there something in the air or is it trending? Lol
Great show today, especially that peek at those fascinating vocal cords! I caught the end but have it dvr'd!
Almost time for campaigners. #YoungLife haha im part of a
You are welcome!
Congratulations! As a high school teacher it encourages me to see a student standing up for her beliefs.
#Staytuned for our topic of the week this week: Positive Student Development.
I'm Samantha Tennity, && I'm a mormon. :D
Recording like a mad man this week. Stoked.
Cook County Democratic Women Endorses: Ameya Pawar
Sweet Moses I'm tired. Might be a 9 o'clock bedtime kind of night
Does everyone need a reality show? Tamar and Vince will have one now. No thanks
We want the world and we want it -- never mind. Three acres and a mule, please.
Ready for the #SuperBowl? Look out 4 our commercial generously sponsored by @ 6-6:20pm EST today!
Got called back for tempODYSSEY by Dan Dietz.
RT : Florida HB 7135 pending Gov's signature: requires colleges to give employment & earnings info to students....
"The best way to predict the future is to create it."
Never settle.
six-time world champion in three weight divisions...he was the best! ;)
here we come,come widd me theres a world ouut there we should see.
So my daughter turned the tv to & when she saw on tv she screamed "look daddy Tito Tito(uncle)!" she's bilingual!
+<U+25BA>INFO<U+25C4>+ <U+2605>•*¨*•.<U+2605> Turf Music Internet Radio & Promotions || Need more Website Promotions? Contact
Community meeting on the rezoning of some properties near the & #depaul anchors tonight.
Happy Foursquare day! We are checking in from our Cincinnati OH headquarters on this bright Monday.
I love it when u talk shit to me when were having sex...sometime u dont even have to say.i can tell how u throw that p@$&y bk, that its mine
When people change, the meaning of things change to. #
audible or silent but deadly?
i followed u plz follow back thxs
RT of you watched Austin's ustream yesterday!
No. I wish I was. Gotta fight my way back out South at 5p.
Please, someone make sure I'm in bed by 10pm night.
nah... MLIS. Moving into digital preservation and archives.
6th Annual Casino Night Friday February 11th at the Knights of Columbus 732 Badger Ave - South Milwaukee Rockets Wrestling Booster Club
#2011icf #SirKenRobinson... but it means we have to dig more deeply into who we are...
NDC didnt have a release time back in the day. Should of kept it that way. It was totally random and it worked.
How'd the rest of finals week go? Still can't believe the number you got on the first day!
i bet her yorkie & your doxel would be great playbuds :-)
OK...... THE GIRL IS MADE AT ME BECAUSE I SAID NO TO HER BFF COMING TO MY PARTY & NOW SHE WON'T TALK TO ME. God
Back from an early morning run at the beach... WoW it is an incredible warm sunny day in LA today... especially since it is officially fall
partying is such sweet sorrow and typical miracle are personal favorites. But the whole album is fucking awesome!
No, not at all.
I can't come - but has known that. Have a BLAST!! Thinking of u guys! :)
Made first draft board for uppercuts barber shop. They said it blows all other draft boards out of the water.
Oh, wait, that account isn't Barrie's--hang on...
Will not be attending niagra falls tourney. Wish I could make it. We had an emergency situation arise
"People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it." - George Bernard Shaw -
yeah right u just stared at me :(
Hate to admit it but have been flat out all weekend -- and I'm still at it. Haven't seen a thing. How about you?
I went to college here. I'm from McAllen. Do you know where that is?
Wow. How were u able to charge it? How did u keep it activated through the cellular company? You should write a book. Your story..
lol i cant :(
can't believe she joined twitter.
I somehow completely forgot it was #Arbor Day today... are you going to plant a tree today?
Focus on What you do have instead of what you don't have...The best is yet to come for you! Have a great Day Everyone....
Well, if you can't believe what you read in a comic book, what *can* you believe?! --Bullwinkle J. Moose
I wonder how "baby Carlos" is gonna feel looking back and realizing he was part of an incredibly epic movie!
Thank you to all who submitted Classroom of the Future applications in the state of MN!
y'all need to work out y'all relationship
Ex, egos
Howdy Nashville, TN!
Leftover from #freegamefriday - one more copy of Nuclear Dawn -- Tweet for your chance to snag it!
Sunglasses required
haha glad to know we are on the same reading list... Though I have to blame
nm bro. How u been
Yesterday in Chicago was Africa and today is Alaska.
Happy birthday bro!
RT : If everyone was forced 2 work at least 6 months in #custserv under gov't law we wld all have more respect 4 those workers
Guy Pierce is the Australian Gary Oldman
Also, I guess I can see the complaints of being "ninja romanced" (happened to me in ME1 with Kaidan. That said...
$100 CASH PRIZE TO WHOEVER MAKES THE BEST #TWERKVIDEO VIA INTERNET CONTEST STARTS THIS WEEKEND FOR MORE INFO CONTACT (704) 728-4808
Working my ass off for this season !
#Prescriptions for #Free or as low as 23cents per day!
Amazing! Ha... well quite good...Still...the grass is quite dull looking... miss the neon glow of English grass!
Noticed you aren't following anyone on twitter?
RT Did you kno? Most of Titanic's crew was recruited on April 6, 1912? This was only a few days b4 she set sail
Happy Friday!
Keeping me busy this week #FF #FancyFoodShow &
My eyelashes are long today. :]]]
GM prices Cadillac XTS at $44,995 General Motors plans to introduce the 2013 Cadillac XTS, the carmaker's latest luxury sedan, at U.S. de
Love hearing disgusted bears fans yelling in surround sound
--- Hey Hun! Don't forget to follow me on Twitter!Sometimes I tweet a lot and sometimes I don't - kind of psycho like that :)
When does my mother plan too feed me?
Getting ready to take the stage tonight...
Sushi time with joy and baby Zane!!!
Who called me restricted?
this could also work....
I don't know at this time, I have limited access to our site at the moment. My laptop cord is toast.
Thanks for everything Fish! Pure class. We're all super sad to see you go, but we know you'll make the best of it.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
Im good how are you. Good to hear from you
: 5 words that scare the hell out of me in movies- "Based on a true story.
I just got to the violin part. I WAS A PRODIGY. Yo-Yo Ma would be quaking behind the cello if I was still active.
Morning! Time to clean clean clean.
I'm not afraid of death because I don't believe in it. It's just getting out of one car, and into another. ~ John Lenon
And when I throw this pussy you better not start duckin!
You are the best. Many thanks for the support- it means worlds!
You on facebook?
I'm calling #1 osu loses to the badgers tomorrow!!
I miss those days when i had all the time in the world.
Lambeau is the place to be for special
Going to crystal palace Babyy :P
Meeting Larry McMurtry was not kind of a let down.
Well my twitter just became the official sports talk radio station in my head.
Thanks for the heads up!
Another day at trinity!!!
Lol. sorry. my friend told me that the song was about nene. the guy that starts off in the beginning of the song went 2 lakeside
not feeling the Ep either... :/
thanks, drooling is a common side-effect! Lol
Myla informed me this morning she's changing her birthday from the 24 to the 25 because she's going to be 5 this year.
Anouncements 4 May! We have a show @ The Smokehouse in Monteagle, on the 12th & @ The Listening Room Cafe on the 20th from 12pm-2pm #come!
In San Juan watching the #Mayweather fight.
can't get that "stupid/clever" equation out of my head...so fucking perfect.
RT Anti-bullying ban has become a flashpoint over gay rights in past years.
We're open today at 10:00am! It's a beautiful day and you should be spending it here, outside.
Blog comments aint for sissies Mac. You caint be teasing though. Which blog? RT : follow up e-mails on comment left on blog
Designers Block.... HELP!!!
heat lost. fuck it. lets drink.
I'm on some new shit. Chucking my deuces up. I'm moving onto something better. No more trying to make it work.
Good! Depts need more of these. RT : On my way to Georgetown U to participate in a panel discussion on #altac for history students.
Have you been to ?! Try their District Collins cocktail! Love it!
Claude wants to know if you can pick up a few Chorizos for him?
“: one week away from my first tough mudder. Thoughts or suggestions for this weeks trng?" sleep in mud
Annoyed as fuck. I need to leave this house. asap
I didn't see it as likely, just thought I'd ask.
Great stuff Larry..thanks!
Success is not measured by what you accomplish but by the opposition you have encountered.
On Twitter and Facebook
im just sayin,dat you can do better...
RandomDistribution: Distro1 first production meeting tonight!
They be like this fat muthafucka can FUCK!!! lol
Here stick this middle finger in your ear
I'll be a few hours late for that one
RT : A #WorldWaterDay tWEEt: More people in the world have access to a mobile phone than a proper toilet.
im sorry bae :(
Taught a social media class tonight; only 5 stdts but none had even heard of Foursquare or Instagram. Puts things in perspective.
wft, are u kidding me ??? I also thought about dying my hair blonde but my mother doesn't allow me /: even blue -__-
Make sure you check out ! It's a black business community created to support the economic development of black-owned businesses.
And , of course...
Sitting next to at church.
Saw advance screening of Spielberg's War Horse... brilliant, mesmerizing, haunting, sad... a great epic picture from a master filmmaker.
SALUTE ME WHEN U SEE ME
RT GOOD people with "Habs" in their name (like ):
I may not like certain choreographers because of there negative attitudes but I never take there talent away from them...
Hey chris, how are the photos and recap coming? you did a great job. email me at
You speak the truth tho. Murked!
Our own will play a janitor named Crazy Schmidt on an upcoming episode of #Community!
Sometimes I write down the wrong date for the cupcake class.
I got a bit overzealous and ordered a tutu off Etsy. it may not even get here in time. oops.
Life is what you make it, so stop complaining and live it!!!
Things you never hear: "Hey, we should connect on eHarmony."
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can. -- Richard Bach
when people are mad at you. #fustrating .
Lol I ain't no school boy...I'm tryin to progress this business
... #bullying is a serious issue and it needs to be stopped. If you see someone being bullied in anyway, please stick up for them. (cont.)
off to bed you guys... have to wake up at 2am to go see and tmrrw at GMA :D
I didn't make anyone choose, she took it upon herself to do so I stand up for myself when being mistreated I don't deserve that.
better finals rematch...heat mavs or bulls zombie sonics?
Do me a favor, save that s**t, bitch
This new Jack White album is excellent.
I'll just keep to myself.
#NYC #vaporized #cocktails Perfect,! Blat Vodka will enhances any flavors due to no impurities in the vodka.
When your alone on the bus.<<<<
This is Teresa of Pretty Dandy. Please check your email. I sent you email twice. :)
let me know when you're up.
I guess
try a bar mitzvah here...
And their Website www.greenearthdata.com
Of course, I am also a bitter misanthrope, so that explains it too. And fuck you.
Happy Record Store Day. and will be at J&R today!
On tonight's episode of "How I Met Your Mother," Lily is going to give birth.
Guilty of making the you're versus your mistake my last tweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> So out of it today
Coming to you live from Reliant Stadium for the 1st ever #Texans playoff game
You got one of those Zack Morris phones?...
Is there a way to continuously play #podcasts on #iTunes?
One more award tonight. A very special officers award which goes to...
Maybe it's the rain and all these chandeliers, but SO into Tori Amos' new album and that each song has a corresponding spoken word "about."
Wk'd McIlroy detail today. Tiger quit & his crowds merged w/Rory's. Whataday @ Doral!
when that video finishes put the link up here
Lol maybe im mixed and my momma just got one hell of a secret
Take adv of the retirement of the Shuttle fleet, particularly DISCOVERY to prep this gen of stds for the next cycle of Space exploration.
Doing door to door sales in the rain
Im gonna change mine cus i dont want facts :) and im a better mother fucker!! OMG i think i like twitter better than FB now!
Getting this dumb romeo and juliet hw done with. Fuck this lol they die in the end anyway
I absolutely can't wait to do that either! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
The funny thing is Uconn sucks!
“: Keep tearing up those NYC airwaves buddy! :)” Thanks buddy!!! I'm doing my best Dutch Guy!!
« Don't block your OWN blessings.»
Okay 80s music kinda scares me a little bit sometimes.
May the Fourth be with you.
Don't catch me at the wrong time, or you will feel my wrath
Nahh. I'm at home watching it.
Motivate by example.
Plans tomorrow!! More planning for the Tour and the album. Wow, I'm so busy all the time now. But, I love it..
quick and dirty filtering done (am in in the running for worst site yet?), making no claims about accuracy
same here
Thanks for the follow, too. So kind of you to mention ;)
wonder if the Pats left their camcorders home, since the illegal taping of opponents their team has NOT been "Belicheck" proof.
@ tried to access the leaderboard but no pars set yet (5zciq)
Im creating a few character illustrations for an author who's completing several nursery books
For some reason I thought you weren't 100% -- I think I am confusing my conversations! Darn old age haha. Looking forward to it!
RT : : YES TO REELECTION - NO TO RECOUNT - PASS IT ALONG
Yes! Absolutely! Namaste
have to go get my BP checked tomorrow. i have a feeling its going to be an off reading after these past few days...
Daisy ran away -__-
Can't wait for our first publication on July 19. It will be revolutionary for the marketing business perspective!
": idk her name but, I THINK her name starts with a J." -________- I Think I Know EXACTLY Who It Is , SMFH .
as soon as they got on the plane I knew that was going to happen. Still ... WTF!!!
though I do like cream/milk in it. But the darker and stronger the brew, the better.
Thanks for coming out to the Fundraiser. Hope you guys enjoyed it!
You know that when you’re a kid, but somewhere along the way everyone forgets it
What the hell is goin #MichiganSt Certainly not playin like a
Hahaha Skip Bayless is really too much!! "two robins & a bunch of Alfreds are no match for the Pacers" lmao
mine just came home. hey I can steal his phone to vote too.!!!!
we should tax them accordingly
Now that I know the real reason I can capitalize
I wondered how a QB makes the run plays....?
We can settle this like gentlemen.
worse case scenario. It will grow by $26 million if the mid year cuts occur and are ongoing, not just one-time.
not really, that's kind of a disingenuous comparison that I don't think holds water. OS X Gatekeeper is just a security feature
Recording at studio
Y'all ready for the UNICEF show tonight? See you in 5 hours.
Arrived in Chicago, pondered my Friday presentation, and wandered the streets a bit. Actual #saa10 fun starts tomorrow...
Bought Air 2 mths ago and can't recommend it enough -haven't needed anything it can't handle.
If you say you "love haters" and your haters exceed the number of people who love you then you've got some serious thinking to do.
i already found you
answer my text hoe !
you welcome :)
Not Really & Damn Ha Really?
We love you Thanks for your patronage.
haha music and work 24/7. How bout you
Get your facebook timeline skills down!! Mandatory for all business pages starting the end of the month.
won todays game of naruto storm (=
Working on video audition today for new feature film 'Polypore'. Get to play sinister Dr. type. Villains are the best!
Zoey, what the fuck is the point of asking Siri if its raining just to look out your window two seconds later?
WOW CRAZY! RT : BREAKING: Josh Hamilton becomes first player to hit 4 homers in one game since Carlos Delgado on Sept. 25, 2003.
get off fence. Cabin in the Woods (he produced and co-wrote) and Avengers (he wrote and directed) are best flicks of year.
Life gets so busy, it is important to take time to stop and look around and be grateful for everything
I think you look perfect with curly hair or straight hair :3
mother of god indeed. :)
Tomorrow. Sunday. Jan 29. Walk East cd release. Jerry's. 1938 w Division. 4pm.
Washed the car, now gona go eat tacos with my sister and then we gona hit up the mall to buy my mommy a present :D
OChem would be so much easier if you could just use notes.
Looking forward to taking my kids to the tomorrow. Glad we have a membership
He really said he wants me to come stay w/ h ctfu
thnx for following please follow for unprofessional tweets
Yes but I am waiting till after Thanksgiving :)
I love you, Slennon.
but they are delicious! (Especially strawberry.)
THANK YOU!!!
Oh really...Thats how u feel!?
Thank you Steve for showing how to set the bar and then obliterate it. The definition of
did someone see your haircut again?
Angry commenter on my blog: "You're naught a sparkle upon the sea." What does this mean? I'm baffled.
june 16 or we all gotta do sum big for 4th july
Ope, I was right. Not very satisfying or exciting at all...
me too! Get a good coffee for me and enjoy the town!
Thank you! It was fun ... even if I was up WAY past my bedtime! :)
Thanks for the follow! Your site looks awesome and I'm hoping to find some time to check it out more.
so is on the phone with me creating possibility! I <3 it.
Thank you so much for coming on Friday!
Kentucky to play Iowa State on CBS at 7:40 Saturday
We only have one life to live, so live it well, world!
lmao I forgot about that x)
Nice to finally get a good night's rest after #SXSWi!
" Never underestimate a man's determination to be free "
Schweeet!! Keep me posted. Looking forward to the weekend and hope to see you!
Very true. Beneficiaries need to know the benefits of the inherited IRA & the severe tax consequences of early withdrawal.
iPhone's broken. Phoneless for the next few hours. FB/tweet me details about drinks tonight!
I can't be the only one watching the #NFLDraft who noticed Ryan Tannehill's presumed girlfriend...
I think should take their million and give it to charity, and not worry about who has F*cked
Good morning! We'll have the game on later! Which team is your favorite!?
Counting down the days till the opening of Can't wait..
Uh im #starving :9
sorting through emails i put off over the weekend.
Heard some girls talking about why they would hate to be named Leah and Rachel from the bible.
Yesterday is the #foundation of your future. Today becomes #yesterday tomorrow. SeanLetwat
Huge congratulations !
I know!! But I had nothin better to do!!
You can keep it cute or just put that mess on mute! ×_×
Just caught the end of somebody assaulted near 27th & Drexel. Franklin PD looking. Oak Creek in area also
I really want to watch
liking your own status is not going to make you special.
Bought Strange Clouds
Thankfully not, just one parked near my apartment.
Be the crown, you ARE the crown.
About to eat and put it in my lungs..
When we die know one knows whats after this so why we here lets make a toast to all this lavish shit!
I go to DH11 and C. Clemons dies. I go to thatcamp and REM breaks up. I will stay in ATL for the sake of Dylan's health.
Wonder if Christian Bale will be downtown Newark tomorrow
We can work on that. Thanks for the feedback.
From this point on I’m going to treat people exactly how they treat me. Some should be glad. Others should be scared.
23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #7: Boombozz_Indy's own BoomBrew Amber Ale custom brewed by #Indy favorite
things i like: giant, *peaceful protests/rallies.. sunshine.. mom's day.. and fridays.
Heading to Hall Council. I'll be sure when I have my own students, all events will be scheduled around IUMBB. Let's go Hoosiers!
while my timeline is flooding about the Boyz, i'm sitting here eating my spaghetti.
I hope your ass is ready to be kicked on the track tomorrow.
20 year old girls think I am awesome. They don't know what Saved by the Bell is, and they have never felt pain. #NewGirl is underrated.
moment when your heart gets really loud.breath slows.the hairs on your body stand.the tears come down.bc you realized he never coming back
The Fawn - The Sea & Cake
he's a ghetto pumpkin but he's pretty gangsta
“: Goon Music Group ” >>> sign me brisco
I dont like when I inquire about and she don't respond!!!
<U+200E>"A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art." - Paul Cezanne
Shopping then getting nails done soon :)
The pilot with the blinged out luggage, Jackie's her name, and she and her female co-pilot are flying us to Fargo! Go girls!
Jack Dangermond of ESRI - GIS helps me understand you and helps you understand me ....
you need a hug or something? Geeze lol
is amazed by the creativity demonstrated in the two visual pieces posted for whole class workshopping today in #eng2500!
Justin will make haters believe !!!!
RT #YouKnowYoureDrunkWhen that fat lady who been sitting in the corner all night starts looking like !!!> lmao
not sure if you remember me but you basically taught me how to skate.
I wish! Finals and summer school got me bummin. I really wanna catch you guys (plastic smiles) and TCC over summer though!
you caught me.
If I was in his position i wouldn't give a shit about what people thought anyway
yes indeed, I know it well. Good luck & hope the list goes quickly!
#AskSiva Did you cry at the end of Toy Story 3 ? :b
Damn, #thevoice is getting intense... definitely should've picked Anthony Evans!
Thanks you too!
The number of failed and failing states is increasing challenges and vulnerabilities
"It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult undertaking which, more than anything else, will determine it's successful outcome."
The best. “: Also RT : quite a few of my superficial follows have turned into quality follows”
My back still hurts
"LUNCH FOR DTLA TRY IT YOU'LL LIKE IT" www.losangelespizzacompany.com
Thank you, Valerie.
5 days since launch, no donations yet, building my exposure on twitter, linkedin and getting ready to hit facebook. into the breech
GIVE ME A ROLE AND IM DONE WITH THE INTERNET
The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
word. Just let me know whenever you want to slide through.
When do dogs turn into adults? Answer: never. Piglet still plays w his toys and has no life goals, responsibility or motivation.
Cooking some beef stew and cornbread
Running,wine and Thai to go! Relaxing Monday night.
I guess the sidewalks are horrible to prevent people from walking anywhere.
look at these old folk on twitter and
#MuseSocial chat tomorrow at noon ET? Who's in?
I played Mille Bornes like crazy as a kid!
Was it the brownies? lol
It is. I sort of wish I'd made the effort it in the theatre.
tryna craft something real dope for u homie
Liar! Lol. Tis otay. New season of Keeping Up With The K's starts sunday! And 8 weeks till Kourt's baby girl is born :)
This rain isn't going to stop me from going to that's for sure!
#SOTUTranslations "no more can get in so let's deal with the ones we got!"
damn is right!
At Mama Carollas and just met Mama herself!
Getting back into some coding today. Doing some work with sms now and will be looking at iOS video streaming in a bit.
"Free" by Grafitti6, "In your Light" by Goyte and "My Body" by Young the Giant
Thanks for the follow I highly respect you and your family. Hope to come play soon.
Sure I would be down for that. What time?
Omg I'm the only one here and I keep hearing things #Ohlawd I might not stay here tonight
The Dead Aren't - Video Game Proves It - Bright Side of News*
maybe you UID the original plans, not the actual building?
yo you said you play SFC right?
At the local library there are 20+ books about finding a job using twitter/facebook. No books about finding a job using IRC.
Thank you
and should meet to discuss #flickerlabstudio and #kidsworldismadeoflego -
I'm at the Gathering of Nations Powwow
I just spent the last 3 hours of my life watching videos of on YouTube. I love her!
Welcome to your new #Kyrieality! Go #Cavs!
This issue: "Women and Sleep". It will be available for download in a few weeks.
February 18th Baby!! Can't wait...I have an idea but it's a secret so follow me and I'll dm it to you.
Yeah it's so funny sometimes
Thanks for the shout outs
I'm as happy as a clam at high water!
I take back the statement about Greg ~ he's back to being a good friend. ;)
lol ya. By the the end of the season you will be high fiveing after power TDs lol
post it to my fb
good burgers!
Blah. If you had my number you could call me:P
just wondering... what I can do today :B
Dallas scored 3-2 Detroit lead
The #BlueAngels have been practicing for their show this weekend flying around the sky near work. So close like they're landing on us.
Dirk for life!!
i've wanted to meet you since your show premiere on MTV...do you think my dream will ever come true :( ?
hey you never know okay in 17.62 hours maybe he'll answer and you're welcome
oh lol no China Mountain
I love that too! I think Spring is always to short :(
She saw me and walked right off the cart and on my lap. Then curled up like a little baby on my chest
I felt so bad for you out in that wind and dirt! That must have been miserable! Sandblasted and then mud bathing!
rt my last if you are coming!!!
Yes Yes and Yes ": Coming soon! “: Yeah! Its 3 days 20 hours 16 minutes for to start!!”"
I have seen mine with iPad and has twitter account
This afternoon's basketball games will be played as scheduled. Go Hornets!
"Those who love your instructions have great peace and do not stumble." Psalm 119:165
you need to play sometime
These kids ruined my clean room now I gotta clean it when everyone leaves
thank you <3
:) I was worried people would just think I didn't know how to google.
How about the Gap Band "You dropped a Bomb on me" which brings memories of break dancing on a cardboard box in the burbs
The best is when you know something. For certain. And you don't need a stitch of proof or evidence. #GodisGood and always looking out.
RT : Q1) As told me you gotta weed out the crap when curating resources. >> Couldn't agree more
Hey wait you're not
My last tweet was not based on true events.
Looking at different providers, success stories, failures and law surrounding...
nice job on cnbc. Made my time at the gym less painful:-)
Fox is shameless, what a joke. MLB should not allow this. Where's Christina Aguilera? That rendition was just awful. No more Amber Riley.
Very excited to have join the #TeamMEB staff. He will be flying into Minneapolis to work 2.5 weeks this summer #Young&Talented
Eh, I've heard weirder premises.
Don't use social media to oversell to your customers/followers. Try giving your audience valuable advice they can use.
and no on Craig Counsell. He reminds me of George Strait
Went to Myspace Radio, and it said I could connect on Facebook?!? I thought they were competition? Must have finally admitted defeat.
Latte is back home :) Thanks for the RT!
It’s called Fat Tuesday for a reason #pdx. Get out and celebrate tonight!
"Be harsh with yourself at times." ~Seneca
I hate getting flashbacks from things I dont want to remember.
My list of ingredients for success is divided into four basic groups: Inward, Outward, Upward and Onward. ~ David Thomas
Thanks for the Prom Night RT! I appreciate your support.
An extra Thanksgiving strictly for the younger set Here is an excerpt from the cooking blog "My Daughter's Kitchen." My daughter Sally an
#bestestfriendintheworld, I'm going to miss you so much, definitely hanging out together in Paris !!
its gne b ok
No wait is here
is it your day off or something? :) lol. Mine is going decent! just bout to get some air
would totally work for the bug or hangover but not the back grrr
pulled a muscle working out this morning...
Dworkin: if these are modes of reading and writing that produce musical works, what are the modes of listening that produce literary texts
Goodnight world
Overheard : "Just got a shipment of eyeballs."
Never been to Cafe LuLu. Definitely will try it though! What do you recommend there?
omg i fofgot to mention ur name in my bls!!! O_O i will in the 2nd chapter i sowee
I want to convert dozens of miniDVs to DVD. Don't have camcorder. Does a USB miniDV player exist or what's best to convert them?
6 page 5 movement solo by the end of this year??
Haha I looked disgusted
My cousin and his hot friends ALWAYS come over when i just get out of the shower, my hair's wet, and i have no make up on..
wanna DM so we can figure out if were talking about the same girl?
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly. Epictetus
Eh Screw it. People like that aren't worth your time. Say what you have to say. 15-2 Numbers don't lie.
G5 high in 1.2 seconds on the way west LOS VAGAS to b exact NEED KUSH HOLLA a nikka will have the shakes early
Dealing with people is most likely the most difficult problem you face, especially if you are in business.
thanks again :)
that's some real shut!
PARTY AT THE UP NORTH CRIB BRING YO AZZZZEZ
THANK YOU, BRYANNA
MT : Great #education game resource for #teachers Awesome presentation
"This is also you guyses award also" - Shit Lebron Says
okay, imo, the google mothers day doodle is kind of weird
List of ABC Family dramas on roster at moment: #SecretLife #PrettyLittleLiars #JaneByDesign #Bunheads #TheLyingGame. -- Please add
Bitch you are not thick, you are fluffy, now sit your ass down.
Main Event WSOP-C Horseshoe Hammond starting in a minute. Table 36 seat 2 - winning it! 20,000 starting stack 40 minute rounds, ez game.
sippin' on some coffee and listening to hot chelle rae. rad friday morning routine.
Quote of the evening: Elsevier is to Kodak like Springer is to Fuji -- David Lewis. Librarian thoughts on this??
The Nomad Gallery wish you a marry Christmas and a happy warm winter.
Wow at the P.S.19 dinner dance the kids are going all out this year with dates and long gowns and corsages and limos O__o
Another win for tha team
Two more hours and I'm outtie!
#RIPTROYDAVIS.... No one is safe from the (in) "justice" system.
I keep telling you: first step is don't make budget hole bigger w/ hundreds of millions in tax cuts
That bish gon say he smelling like Grandma's Closet LMFAO
Thanks for the RT my boy!
I saw 's new video. Andrew looks cute and funny! :)
Countdown! :) I'll put my reminder in the phone!
One of tomorrow's #Tcamp12 morning sessions is one by about #Wiki VoterGuide :)
Who's excited for 's open call audition on Sunday March 4th?
I just hav to keep believing all of this was for a reason! In God We Trust
#whut it do
Kissing an infection-free partner is good for your teeth!
his mixtape dropped at 2:15 and too many people was ttryna download
This little cunt yo.. She better watch herself or she will have some big problems coming her way. #I'mNotPlayingGames
They need to make an instagram app for droids.
why people alway assume you tweeting from your phone? -_- lol call and find out the deal!
sounds cool :D lol did you learn it already?
sure :) perfect!
Shout out to everyone of you out there. Keep living, laughing and loving.
Have a wonderful Mother's Day!
`s Singles has an amazing`90s soundtrack.
I like how my bestfriend texts me back even though she's at work :D lol.
whenever!!!! Just let me know :)
#Onetimeanniversary It's been that long? We have to go have a party at Usher's house now . . . you too .
It's an club life kind of morning
Closed house Friday, put in HUD bid yesterday, writing offer today.
Peter Tosh (The Wailers) was murdered in his home in Jamaica on this day in 1987.
Lol. Yeah we did have a blast last night. Lmao. It would have been fun with another night(:
Well well well... Good ol' Bryce Harper got the call. Here's to one of the most anticipated MLB debuts ever.
Appreciate your insights. You do a tremendous job. keep up the great work
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I love spiders
museum fire, devastating civilization. What are they so proud about ?
Playing half and half at Ocean's 11 right now. Is there hope to get a regular mix game going? 15/30 or 20/40 BOTH?
Thank you kindly! :)
Finally reading "The Hunger Games" and loving every moment of it!
you were awesome !
love the access. Great job energizing the fan base! Now we just needs wins.
That would be amazing.
keep spreading the lies. only helps the cause
Glad to hear it. And sometimes, we actually talk about public relations and social media.
dam that shit is far...what bout dame he move 2?
Do not waste precious words on the cheap people ...
aw haha those movies were so long ago! thank you very much :)
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple. ~ Dr Seuss
Thanks for tweeting our Decade press release.
Really don't understand the nerve of some ppl lol back 2 the old me cause changin ain't made things no easier
Glad to be here at #ASLRRA2012 with
Guys that let girls pay<<<<<<
#somebodythatiusedtoknow is someone I never really knew
Cards get two early, Cook continues to struggle at the beginning of games.
Indeed. My pants were on fire.
Any chance #SiliconKnights will use some of that money to finally make Eternal Darkness 2?
You're so rude, suck my toe.
Getting ready for 3rd grade Assignment Earth Concert!
Pet peeve, people who ask "what" or any variation of it, for emphasis reason. (Ex, "That guy has a toothbrush." "He has a WHAAT??"
Spring rolls with peanut sauce? Yes please!!!
Oh do I hope I don't have a sloppy roommate for college
Oh, Sunday Night TV. You give me life. Mad Men, Good Wives, all playings Games. Of power. And Thrones.
the draft is tomorrow...
hey dude I got a question for you. DM me
We need responsible interns. Like to write? Like rock/pop/electro/hiphop? Passionate about Nashville's music scene? Hit us up.
Can't wait for this! RT New show >Sat, Feb 11 @ Cactus Club w/ Fatty Acids & Kane Place Record Club
MSIM curriculum is subtle in that sense. It seems like an experience that gave you some great stories to tell!! Awesome.
and I are on our way to Racine for the Great Lakes Brew Fest! Woot!
I find the ads by the Post Office advertising that they'll help you send junk mail astounding.
I'm late everyday to school. Than I leave early. & I sit in class and Facebook.
Free Newsboys CD-Christmas Edition :: Pick up at WSC 3rd floor while supplies last.
The return of the HIT SQUAD show at Best buy theater was super incredible.alot of microphones got rocked!!!!Hip-Hop
I loved that song! I will have to learn it
Nice! Some good press. How is the film coming along? Hitting festivals soon?
(The Digitalpreservation daily) thanks for the mention!
If money was a crime was then I confess- lil kim
Jealousy is a disease. Get well soon bitch :)
Only thing worse than plot summary in student lit essays is plot summary that describes things that actually didn't happen in the book.
Someone we know (wink) called Perry Hall pretending to be a parent. The Asst Principal revealed he nor the Principal saw the Bernie Dance.
good morning ticia happy wednesday
Dunkin Donuts in Englewood has happy hour specials for iced coffees.. Best news I've heard in 2 months.
so so sorry Frugal Finds has been so MIA! I am getting at it tonight and will have lots of fun finds for you this week! xx coco
they always feed me. :) & give me free stuff.
NBC Sports Network has officially added Thursday night’s #Penguins at #Rangers game, Rtn of Sidney Crosby. - I know what I'm doing Thurs!
sure I guess. Cause for every ten followers I'm donating five dollars to Susan g. Koman
And to you too.
floetry! Listen to them earlier :)
will share UCF's #nglc experience w/blended learning Thurs pm. Sounds like hot topic #snlsolsummit UCF students do well, like BL
Anybody playing shows in nyc!?
Ok, goodnight!
valencia and anarbor i know you dnt like them i just want someone to go with
Sleeping at my home
studying time
Bout to chill outside
Happy Easter to everyone! Enjoy your day with family and friends :)
#TheVoice >>> And why is looking so sexy? His black suit is a huge turn on.
Getting ready to do the show with at Central Nutrition in Edmond. Stop by, say hi & get the OKC Show special.
Dressed and leaving the house. Today is full of suprises.
is annoyed at ponies.
Every time George Lucas redoes a Star Wars movie he makes it clear that all the worst parts were his own favorite bits.
Common Law, Drop Dead Diva, Malibu Country, Music Trailer, Inspiration Pop, DVD project, Tax Closure, Floratine Products, keep it coming!
Travel industry should go green as well!
I'll catch up with you at the conference.
It's my house, but I share it with roommates. Ty has to live in the barracks unless we were to get married. But thanks! :)
Being back in the states is really, reeeeallly weird.
Thanks for the follow!
did u ever play that game with a piece of paper and I want to say on top you put mash? Then write who u gonna marry, ect
Just got done meeting with beatle bob he Is the man!!!!
marlie can be a dancer, she is pretty legit as we all know at that. hahah and chels can be...hmm lets think superviser
Wish I could meet you
i spilled tomato soup on my shoes and it wont come out...
I'm headed to Rotary. Hope there is a good speaker today.
Oh yeah! Kreayshawn is hosting VMAS! #BestFemaleRapper I don't care, that barbie bitch. :)
love when the folks ask me out to eat! they already knowin i'm goin hard with the menu haha
what's going on ? :O
I need to start preparing for #BizExpo2012 #NOW! How much is a booth?
Have fun at Light Up night tonight! Jeff Jimerson, the Penguins National Anthem singer will be performing in Market Square.
If you want a vibrant company - a rainbow of Personal Brands will help!
Thin crust is incredible. It makes everything about the pizza better. 2 toppings max though or it's too heavy. DM me, I'll treat.
All that's missing is the stomach knot, nausea, fear of failure/death & having to suit up.. Depression in full effect tho!
“: I forgot to put deodorant on.” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Something you shouldn't do with your Facebook Timeline and Twitter feed after a LTR break up? Look back!
RT : As of tonight, MY WORD will not be prolonged anymore! NO MORE DELAY! Say it until you see it!
#Aztecs gonna beat whoever they're playin" tonight. I'm there.
Just saw #SteelPanther on #dwts!!! How Cool IS THAT!!! Thank God I taped it!
We USED to like PFChangs but the one on RT1 #Princeton now tastes like FASTFOOD! What Gives?
The winning bidder is very excited about both tours
Call and and maybe and yall can have a family night!!!!!!!!
DM me your name and address and well mail some out!
nothing much, listening to music. you?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY LOVELY SIS LOVE YA ~MUAH~
Had 2 meet a client this am, n listening 2 XM Radio tribute 2 #WhitneyHouston - wow,I forgot how many hits she had n how amazing she sounded
Lifestyle as young adult may affect age of menopause - Fox News
and : Thanks, guys. I'm honored to be mentioned in the same sentence as
it be really cool if rt this and followed me!
what's bringing you down this way???
This is the only place I can release my emotions of being scared and vulnerable.
Sorry, what was that? I was too busy imagining having sex with you.
Some people die at 25 and aren't buried until 75. -Ben Franklin
I Need Victory against Evil...Pray for Me and Baby Daisha..God Bless!!! Pastor Ken Rector..and....Happy Mothers Day to al
I'm gonna play that for you NEXT "Beers Ago"
I hope that #CoastGuardAlaska is on forever!! So proud!!
Lunch or dinner? Chicago Fire comes to mind. Lucca has good patio seating for groups.
RT It’s annoying when people try to tell you what YOU said..
Loving this sun
Watching DC United game. DC needs a win badly if they are to have any chance to make playoffs. The injuries this year have been awful.
morning! Hope that everyone is well. Heading off to bed. Tweet you again later!
Sushi makes MY world go round
A little "Whoomp! There It Is" in the office to get our blood flowing on a Friday morning.
Wait... It's National Cleavage Day and I'm stuck on the couch?! I'm totally bummed.
FOLLOW HER PLEASE! I WILL SEND UR NAME TO JUSTIN AND AUSTIN!!! <3
i'm so broke now , but Angela Marie Winston is worth it :).
. Another external pressure - changes in how people document themselves. Needs to preserve digital documentation.
yes got out at 3:30 went very good!:) now off to get stuck in traffic:/
Finally caught up, watching live now.
I hav a MAIN girl n a MISSTRESS
Guess who turns Penny into a online gaming addict? Tune in at 9PM for Big Bang Theory!
Sewing class is stupid!
Family wears me out. Relaxing and unwinding with my parents.
follow back :)
I.Don't.Want.To.Go.To.School.For .The. Cat.Test. :(
I don't get off till 6...what's troy and jhas gon b doin out there
is it???? Well heck I might have to do that!
Ugh I would love to just hang out with & show him some fun times <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I've tried 2 different apps.. :/
Congratulations on the 2012 's Distinguished Performance Award! We are so happy for you!
Hey Kyle .. try searching your heart for God..Mankind is weak but God is forever ..he will not let you down!
YAY!! RT : Officially on Team Junior Boards for !
RT : 1762 nm till The Row For Freedom team arrive in Barbados. Thank you for all the support and kind messages
If Carrasco is suspended, he'll say that any DVD with the replay was tampered with before reaching the commissioner's office.
Don't stop fighting.
I think we all are, and I'm also ready for you to follow me? ^.^
Show is hilarious,I am proud. Great job all my Russian Dolls crew!
Boom. Drew Gooden. Take that all you big-time free agent seekers!
we have them on our profiles just click on the picture
xmas miracle? RT omg Obama just shook my hand. I'm shaking. BESTIES!! RT WOW and POTUS bff 4life
i suddenly snapped to attention lol
Eating boiled peanuts for the first time this year. Got 3lbs to bring back to BMore
: "I'm not addicted to cigarettes--I'm addicted to glamour."
I don't listen to the radio cuz I always have an 80's soft rock song stuck in my head. Today, the song from Mannequin
recommends "The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit (and When to Stick)" by Seth Godin
definitely read it!! the show follows a good bit but A LOT is diff - hard to read all at once so break it up but they're great!
Victory is so close day 28
and I already said this to others and do the same to you, don't UNDERESTIMATE Gregg Popovich!
You have to admire the skill and the proper manners. Well done, hungry transport-neighbor gentleman.
Kelly: you can get scuffs on steel toes.
Going on following sprees on here
I have no clue that my Gatorade looks like a giant wang.
Argentina. You?
yes please
Almost done with Summer. Hope to get it done today and prep for Fall done next week so I can take a real break for
LOL! Thanks! Could be a new trend... If you find one at an airport Hudson Booksellers bookstore, you could do it, too! :-)
Merry Christmas from the Adult Learning Center! We are celebrating today. Thank you for your hard work on the Giving Tree!
thank you sir!
Photographers, please remember that today is the last day to submit photos for our Ales & Lagers Photo Contest and Exhibit!
There was a Taylor squared reference in the movie I just watched!!! :') "you said the same thing about Taylor swift and the twilight dude"
Whatching stomp the yard and listening to chrisbrown !!!!!
bottle vodka bottle whiskey put both tgether with rum nd some weed
People un-followed by Austin , your chance will come .
Such a random group at that . . .
Have you heard about the benefits of safflower oil? Among many things, it helps reduce fat! Come in and found out how!
I wish I could say I'm sorry that forgot to take her guacamole dip home with her. But I just can't.
We really enjoy looking at the history and evolution in music.
I'm sayin doe
The hardest job facing kids today is to learn good manners without seeing any.
When you use any kind of stereotype you're asking for trouble, don't you think?
woke up late for school again,
#movietitlesthatdescribeyoursexlife keeps us occupied at work.
and Twitter don't spoil anything more for me now yay! now i can re-follow people
His sister follows me SO... but it is ahahahhahah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Thanks for Following me Frank, I love Colorado's clean air... ah.
Humans keep painting this house. Fumes got me hella high.
Long night made even longer by DST.
Punchbowl National Cemetery is located on the island of Oahu, not Maui. But both are great places to visit!!
Was reading Ginsberg's Howl today when it occurred to me that almost every line would fit as a single tweet. One line one breath one tweet.
The high people always find their way to my room smfh lmfao #ilovethem hahaha
#Goodmorning everyone let's keep it going.
can you please follow me?:)
Scott: "We finished the regular season the way we wanted to on Sunday. Overall I was very happy. Our guys are really zeroed in on game 30"
#CEO of meat supplier Fair Oaks Farms says at #besupdiv great customer relations is key for leaders. Always be there!
lmao I just noticed tomorrow is 420. No wonder I have all these canceled classes. These teachers are wild!
yeah Friday sounds good
“: It's going to be one of those days. cancelled my flight. #19HourDay” Have a drink & relax :)
omg I want Botox now.
The waist by itself?!
Thanks for the follow! Have to admit that we had to look up the word "polemic". Good vocab. :)
Okkaaay, I tell them "I don't do housecalls"
Sadly, unable to make it tonight.
XChords just showed tht choreo can be cheesy and simple but still work, if it's well-executed. Great job.
well Dr. Who is amazing, so he sounds like a cool kid
Here he goes!!! Donald Driver on Dancing with the Stars!! Turn on ABC now!
I'm sure that can be arranged ;)
I'm at Potters freak !
Can't wait to see Josh on Punk'd!!(:
Someone to talk to would be nice :/
You can also reach me via email using . Merci.
I had a dream that I was drowning in orange soda. Turned out it was just a Fanta sea. ;)
I wanna break out the poison ivy look so bad.
I agree!
We love a little Space Mountain followed by some Pizza Port after! Ok, now we're hungry!
U must have white bread -lets make a sandwhich
like me... 110,lbs.
....after I go missing over 24 hrs... I will be somewhere in the Atlantic doing GOD knows what! WOOT WOOT ! I love you all. ;)
RT : "Anyone who is attempting to pull you down has already admitted they are beneath you. Decide to empower yourself......
:...unless [Google+] completely supplants Facebook it will be...useless. Only thing worse than one social network is having two.
What should I be watching on Netflix?
I'm sorry montrail. Keep on keeping on though. We can't see the big pic or understand why things happen. But God IS on our side
your daddy needs to go to bed
: check out their bike pods around the city!
Stupid spinning rainbow..why must you show up then go away then as soon as a click again ur like "OH WAIT IM NOT DONE THINKING YET HOLD ON"
I hate kids that think that they can balk, just because of the sneakers they own
Happy Holidays to all! Chat w/you in 2011!
Happy Friday
The power of kindness is immense. It is nothing less, really, than the power to change the world. ~Daphne Rose Kingma
mahalo to you too!
Its #MusicMondays! Let me hear ya music! Tweet some good music nah, bcuz I will let u know u need 2 head back 2 da studio! ...lol
well im just telling you the truth!
I need to hire someone to smack me when I bite my nails.
#EBUS118 That's great, not lame. Good luck!
Had fun at Christmas Eve lunch with family. Looking forward to church and brunch 2moro. Psyched that work was cancelled for Monday!
"Cleverness is not wisdom." ~ Euripides
Me?! RT : Guess Who's Making a Special Appearance on News4 at 11?
Who's still going to the Q Center mayoral political debate, tonight? See you there!
C: You.... look like Lily Tomlin. #thanks?
80 degrees here in #Cincinnati! Wish I had the water ready. Where are my people at? Surfs up!
Monday Night Football. Man U vs Man City. Go. Watch. Learn about what the rest of the world is watching.
Hi ya John!
U R STRAIGHT CLASS.
I'd like to give a shutout to my manager #GOD who made all this possible...and the many things we have before us to accomplish 2gther
I know. it's crazy good.
I'm so awesome, I managed to register as Dr. Stolley Karl for
Success is my only muthafuckin option, failure's not
its all good David,
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. -Plato
not true
No problem, love. :)
Not to worry! 50s return early next week. As you know, that's tropical for Wisconsin this time of year.
S/O to everyone that came out to the Mattie/Gram Gram set last night!
should shout abuse at U lot in German but would be at my front door in 20. Aug Wiederschnitzen,.
just woke up, sick :(
oh well you'll have to let me know! And don't tell but I'm taking voice lessons, ya heard??
#exhibitor2012 exhibit hall opening in 30 minutes! Don't forget to play Find It -BoothTag! Stop by booth 1571 to check out the live action
Just listened to a 2009 interview w Chris Hardwick, giving you and W&T the nerd-love. Nice!
Yves Jaques, FAO: how do we get out of metadata ghetto and reach out to communities like statistics?
I am! (and at the spa in my barn!)
Can't wait for 2morrow! What are best #fashion events at #exploreUT ?
Fascinate has already been in 11 cities this year, with travels by and team. Great start to 2012!
Tylonol is my new best friend CountryGirl:)
Stuck in Indianapolis.
did you hear about the #blackmarkettide task force?
I haven't been up this early in a while...and when I say "this early" I mean "still"
except their voices were so similar it was sometimes difficult to tell who was talking.
Guys if you're not already following follow her now! x
resident evil and I thought you meant a website named logo lol Ik what a logo is lol
#OneOfTheBestFeelingsInTheWorld When u find money in your pockets before u do laundry : )
He otto win something.
lies the stars and stripes on a pole in the front yard
It's apparently true since nobody knows how bad the CDO repercussions will be.
That's technically illegal. You should throw a hissy fit.
The courts threw out the other on grounds that the state improperly used hearsay testimony to give credibility to an incredible key witness.
Shake that load off
#LMSunSIG unkeynote - how do phones change our notion of what we can do in technology
next time, enjoy the Crabs ! Wait that sounds really wrong!
I can't believe I let you play with my emotions like that. Done with you.
Going to see Winnie the Pooh with Brandyn tomorrow(:
You reposted that artwork, promoting ableism. If you can't take responsibility for your actions, you're not my ally.
ha! i love getting rejected from stuff i don't even remember applying to. it's like the universe remembering to keep me down!
Anyone have a recommendation for which photo gallery #plugin to use in #wordpress?
Sisters <<<< What a dumb word!!
6 days til the night of the party & pre-sale tickets are going SUPER FAST right now!! Email to get yours now!
Happy National Chocolate Cake Day! What's your favorite kind of chocolate confection?
Mens fitness shoot today at the studio in Boston.... Then... Celtics vs. Hawks later tonight!!!
Still editing book - eyes beginning to cross
I can't trust you because I know you will fool me again.
Just made sweet potato fries with paprika seasoning. One word. Amazing.
I hate that. I'd offer to go but I'm in Chicago... sorry. :[
just said "Let's take a moment to appreciate that we're on the Internet at 50 mph in a snowstorm. Make that 40mph."
Looking forward to Top Gun 2, mainly for its chart-topping Kenny Loggins theme song, "Yikes, What the Hell Happened to Val Kilmer?"
we are all ok. Thanks.
Remember that random opportunity I seized yesterday? Turns out that was just my foot. Sometimes opportunity looks like a foot.
Tomorrow RT : Has picked a winner for the Nomia basketball inspired giveaway yet?
I'm going to roll a blunt and chill in the parking lot.
I'll be here if ya need me
#thingsthatdontmakesense when people are still mad at something that happened forever ago. Just let it go and move the fuck on already
dude show more 2girls1bowl or ill cannonball dookie in your bathtub
July 18th @ Market: The Sleep Tight Co. at noon. Bio-Diesel demo all day, Greener MKE, + over 30 vendors, Beans bike team will haul for you
Mornings like today make me uber happy! :))) #iloverainydays <3
Spreading the love doesnt mean spreading your legs.
Other employee to boss, mid-conversation: 'Why the fuck is your shirt a tablecloth?!'
Insane. I do wonder if his tone deafness will be his undoing. He's giving so much ammunition nearly every day.
True story. Buhahaha :D
AAVG looking good... pending company update...
Keep it 2gether, Keep it 2gether, Keep it 2gether... Head up.
This is a cute movie . c:
Yep. RT : Davey is forcing the issue with this guy...pitching him 3 days in a row
Michael Pinaeda out for the year
Free lunch for Facebook "like" number 100. Hit us up!
Is the sweetest person I've ever talked to.
Friday Nite : $5.99 Burger Meal Deal (classic burger, fries & n/a drink after 4) and $2 CORONAS ALL DAY!!
Obama: at a certain point..for me personally...it is impt for me to affirm that same sex couples should be able to get married
Damn I used to love the rapper Scarface. "Never seen a man cry until I seen a man die"
"In My Room"
If you guys love and watching the show, be on the lookout for ! (; and follow him:D
Spring is all up in my business...
Looks great. Where do I find one?
I'm gonna let it shine
u didn't get stabbed on mifflin did u?
hows it going my man
Excited about school!!! :)
Didnt mimic this image
DSW: We discovered a rich and strong tradition of music in the south; it was clear it helped descendants in hard times.
Who should use factoring: Staffing companies, Service Companies, Manufacturing Companies and Sells products to the Govenment.
Thanks for the follow! Stalk freely! EROCK
pays double
At a country bar wish I were at Charlies instead
Who can't wait until they get back to the awards that you really care about?
and are officially friends, im actually happy cuz i hate seeing mahomies argue! :) #mahomiefamily<U+E328>
Anything fun in Minnesota ? Outdoors? Adventures? Radness???
#Calais an unfair advantage
I applied to host a House Party
Vincent and Mikey
that's sweet! I miss mine when he's gone too. He's starting a new company, so there's always lots to do.
Everyone be safe out there!!! Nasty weather. :(
Can my jets turn their season around or can u put a fork in them?
LOL you're my favorite
Loading up my e-reader for long trip to Cape Town. Can't quite imagine travel time almost 24 hours.
#FF Chicago Tribune reporter live-tweeting #Blagojevich testimony. Yesterday's biographical ramble sadly comical
Thanks Josh!!! RT : Happy Birthday Kid!!
the yamas and niyamas are extremely important, and i commend you for your commitment! i love a healthy discussion! thank you!
well thank you! that means a lot to us. we really appreciate it! check this out too...music vid! www.youtube.com/socontagioustv
You mean Blinky finally won a vote honestly?
Happy Nurses Week to the best nurse in eva !! Can't wait for you to take care of me when I'm old
Thanks for great customer service tonight #amazon. I screwed up my order and you fixed it for free at your own expense. See u next time.
Third day at university it is so so amazing today we learn CPR and we play and we laugh a lot and now they all think I am an alcoholic :c
no. definitely not aroused.
Hey! Request. Just wonder do you have a facebook?
I really wanted Hand Springs, too... Oh well. I did get the Foster the People exclusive. Now I just need to buy a record player.
Oh the joys and delirium of being at work at 3:45am...
Lol which one you take RT : AP Test over!! Yes!!!
I have #20peopleilove... They are called family !
White out at the FedEx Forum!
Trying to predict the future is like trying to drive down a country road at night with no lights while looking out the back window....
: (*laughs*) oh man…suppose i should brush up on my star trek in preparation, then!
Thanks for the recommendation. Looking forward to reading it :)
i watch mnf to see football, not gruden
In 1285 the Statute of Winchester codified police practices. It selected a man from each parish as a constable, and some watchmen.
i did i thought i did
Bob Dylan - Mr. Tambourine Man - 05:38 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
It's hard when your last name is Nike
Who knew email could kill?
Did you come to any conclusions on a system? or waiting on Wunderkit?
F.A.I.L.= first attempt in learning
Rise and Shine!!! This proud parent of a special need child is about to get drenched ! IT'S ME TIME NOW<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Thanks for spreading the love!
i just spelt box like "bocks" what is wrong with me
Happy Birthday, Red Garland!
now that you mention it I guess it does. Maybe I'll keep it a little longer.
Avatar was fantastic.
Seriously.!! If you don't wanna get hitted on then don't the pics that you post.!! -.-
No Doug Funny? Fine, I'll watch #Community! If I can't sleep, then I'll at least enjoy it as I descend into madness or a state of undeath :)
I blame OCD. I was same way with latex gloves when I was a medic on an ambulance. :-)
"You are the one that I want."
really? I didn't even know that about him lol. you going to vegas for his birthday?
Up to you! I would love to have three included, if your friend is up to it, too. x)
It<U+FFFD>s not where you started in life, it<U+FFFD>s where you end up
So, I'm done. I thought I wanted it back, but nevermind. I'm better off without it. Peace.
I could be persuaded. Like I said, there's just 1 lawnmower that goes from house to house all day long.
Robert Cunard Modeling Agent just woke Up.... Beautiful day in LA.... About to head to the Agency in Beverly Hills to work on my board...
who was this?! Hahaha
i highly recommend it. there's also an international focus to ours. wines must come from country o' the month.
West Virginia bound!!
silly Mr. Boehner. What businesses, including mine, are held back by is the dire and utter lack of demand. Nothing more.
And now we know why our educations system is starting to fail. Not even smart enough for self-preservation.
hahahaha no problem at all use it to its full potential!
Before the interview tips: #2 Use Google, LinkedIn and other tools for background information on anyone participating in the interview.
Deltas Strolling today >>>>
lol is it cold in MA right now
Anyone out there interested in participating in the parklife festival in machester this June? Get in touch! x.
He can't even hit mid range jumpers and he's making terrible decisions with the ball
OMG christmas is in 3 days ! Are you ready
As a Arsenal fan I'm just going to chill
Dinner in a pumpkin tonight! So good
Santorum makes up facts, telling Puerto Ricans English would have to be principal language for statehood when no such requirement exists
sorry wrong person! Sorry! Anyways that's cool. My dad and my brother went there for a week.
Big thanks to this gilly ---> for blowing up my mentions! (: Lol
I may SUCK at strength conditioning, but every journey has a beginning. I can just enjoy the massive improvement that awaits me.
Messaqe Me O:
I'm teaching in yoga shorts today-getting rid of my own insecurities! Thought u'd be proud. Hope the vaca is wonderful!!
Turns out goldfish are the loudest pets of all. It's like having a waterfall in your bedroom
Gallery Place would like a word... RT : The Ballston Metro/Bus Stop: Where the strangest people in the world gather to loiter.
Renewing my request for a Juan Pierre SB attempt so we can see his
my vagina hairs were probably wet too. Niggaaaaa
Just posted on your FB wall -- you're one of our winners! You entered our For the Love contest...please DM us
Good luck! RT Gonna play in Nationwide Tour's Monday qualifier in Midland, TX.. Hopefully me & ProV1x will be playing Thursday!
Considering starting a food blog for busy peeps...thoughts?
20% off SALE coming up next weekend, 19-20th of MAY.
I should go to bed, but I'm gonna watch Glee instead.
eat my shit.
wow, thanks Kayla...that is my dream job!!! Funny, I just checked their site for opportunities yesterday!
Grizzlies have had their chances...
When I think ur going to tell me no more lies u suprise me
do they still have after-hours cocktails at the capitol?
I think I slept my day away.. Now I'm gonna be awake al night. You know what this calls for! Netflix + Youtube + Food.
We'll see everyone next Friday. Happy #TEFLing, guys!
Dude just cuz your flashy now doesn't make me want you. If you had a career behind it then maybe but that drug money is kinda dead to me!
My favorite adult stars
: where are you from??
#SIPAMiami Fantastic SIPA Marketing Conference! I learned so much and can't wait to start applying all these great tips and advice!
Lots of great #recruiting opportunities in PA for Contract Recruiting and Project-based Recruiting.
Grooming sale start today! 15% OFF all grooming products!!!
#YoungDoyleBrunson over here
Good morning. Full slate ahead. What else is new? Just glad to be here. Have a grand grind day!
Why has no one mentioned that crowdfunding platforms WANT to prevent abuse simply to grow and stay in business.
Blow Family ,Mother Fucker's!!!!!!!
The only constant in the #universe is #change. All things change.
that makes 2 of us. unfortunately my break is about to be a trip to the grocery store :'(
that is surprising! And sad...my glasses are by her.
I suck guys off like mick jagger
shut up coon
so lets just say shouldnt delete his twitter. im glad hes okay <33
What is up with the bears , hope the bulls do better.
same! Wait what r u studying for ? I completely forget how to study. It's awful
Just to verify b/c I have issues with this. Tomorrow, Wednesday, right? I'll be there just after 6.
Surprised that is quite possibly one of the funniest people on this thing. You most certainly do raise me up
I Will Never Make Money Change Who I Am Or Forget Were I'm From
what r ur scls doing w/3d printng, digital fabrication- curious-since first 3d printer I saw ur district, i ask u:)
what about Dave Coulier?
Is joe pa alive or not?
collection-- it's from 6-8pm right here at the Museum, it's FREE, features live performance from Chapel Hill's "The Pneurotics", free food..
Damn, damn, damn. RIP Adam Yauch.
Need a place for dinner? Come by! We're a 5 minute cab ride from the Gaslamp...Our Sangria is famous in San Diego! 619.255.2856
In video making, if you're gonna be cheesy, embrace the cheese.
On the way home loving this billion hour drive #not <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099>
It's -2 degrees in the office today. Please bring blankets, slippers, and hoodies.
I was born an American I will live an American I shall die an American.
“: When life gives you melons; You'll end up working at hooters. SMH”
Duh is awesome! And so is
My throat hurts! Cough drop please!<U+E413>
sorry its out already,.... then I guess I'll have to carry you, uuurrrraa!!!.... lol
I'm taking Bieber. Never say never.
im down cuz I'm his love
I think should follow me, because im that sexxy (;
I am so tired its aweful...
Glad to be back on Twitter. I'll be sharing interesting thoughts, research, and information about web design, for the company heads.
Wow...#DriveAngry has maybe the worst #CGI I've ever seen. I think I can do a better job on my
#FF on Saturday!
great meeting you boys tonight .Thanks again for letting us open up for you guys. Enjoy the rest of the tour.
i think i might take a nap A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
How to lose fat fast tips: workout at least 5 days a week! Use your fat burner!
Fun, and a pretty short read!
Words that resonate: Knowledge Sharing - Strategic - Innovation - Value-added intelligence - Decision-making - Competitive Advntge
Massive lines outside Camden for frank Robinson statue. Ight
Got called a black haired Barbie by a gay black man while getting some extension hair today. Possibly one of the best complements ever.
We should not only use the brains we have, but all that we can borrow. ~Woodrow Wilson
I started working, I'm boring again.
Gona do some homework :)
I'm bout to get real rude on this Jet ski
Kick in the door...waving the four four.....
WTF is this "Your account may not be allowed to perform this action. Try logging out and in again." Ratio is 1:1 so it's not that.
New years happy! I have a feeling it's gonna be rough but worthwhile!
For the record, I'd just like to say I love caterpillars.
RT For a short, plump, kind-faced woman, it was remarkable how much she looked like a saber-toothed tiger
your pathetic
Get to a phone and get ready to learn about "Building Trust and Faith in Yourself and Others" with Trey! Call 312-340-6650 Code: 34233423
I love working out to music :)
well lots of people have been saying that
I just stole a hair tie from your office. It's the Ponytail Hour.
Ho'omaika'i 'ana on your new gig! And mahalo for all your hard work with and # thankyourachael
Anyone know of good calligraphy classes in #MKE?
Lmfao , my cousin was all oh my gawwwwwd cause my uncle isn't brushing his teeth.
your good:)
follow jadenbaby11 plz she got 2 followers me n someone else plz n thnk u
Two of the girls are at in long beach. What a great event! Feelin the love
If You Rock With hit the rt button on this -- www.microphonebully.com will be live 6-9 pm Today Tune In.
we appreciate your enthusiasm! Did you end up entering in time to make the 2nd Early Bird Drawing!?
Its only rite
Time to make my famous banana bread!
The words of wisdom shared at last night's 'seder' by and went something along the lines of "Fuck Foucault."
thanks!!!!! I love him! He's so adorable
looks like another dried up tea bag endorsement!!!
Learn some english an grow a dick then maybe ill aknowledg your illegal ass
Its called and i final found your song bitch your a stalker ! Stop talking to me!!
I was busy
geeky manchild not so much
Yet another reason I like you.
I believe we had this EXACT same argument last yr at this time LOL This is OKC's yr to take the whole friggin thing
Angus T. Jones is so hot.
Stephen, thank you--would love to talk to you more about the film! xoxo
When you get a text after you get off the phone. At least if it actually happens...
Thanks Pete. That's exactly what I was looking for. I'll try them both. Tower looks pretty nice.
Log Cabin Republicans. Hrm. I can't quite…figure them out, though I hope they're nice people.
I be so high and that bullshit bothered me
Or take the bus.
Woke up with a headache <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B3>
Can we all just agree to fast forward to the Heat/Thunder series?
So glad you're here-- hope you're having a good time!
Celine Dion -> Meatloaf?! How old are these writers?
-______- @ the line for this movie
Just realized that it's coming up on a year since I got my iTouch O.o
Sometimes you have to take a step back and re-evaluate the situation.
Thank you for the warm welcome!
#houston Common Email Marketing Mistakes (And How to Avoid Them) We all make mistakes, but when silly, careless or unintentional em
I always make money! I haven't had a losing month online since April 2010.
Youre so pretty <3 , i love your pictures
I can dream RT : You'll become an addict soon, just like me!
I'm rooting for the giants and my brother is all for the patriots. What about you?
You read a book from beginning to end. You run a business the opposite way. Start with the end & do everything you must to reach it. ~Geneen
Over Brew.
Starting another round of airport security theater
Right on time
Yes of course its a sign. Let's make it happen!
please follow it will mean alot to me
Called a cab for Brandon Deadrick
getting ready for 4 shows this week !!
I do miss the friendly bus drivers in A2.
I kinda took it for granted how well pitched last Saturday. The best start I've ever seen him in person
Run the score up on these boyz #Boston I got money on the line
thanks, doc!
Hah! #MNF at it's finest! RT : I was up by 32 pts going into tonights game. I have MJD...I'm worried. :)
I'm taking a newbie with me to #AFF11 this year, very excited!
Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties. Erich Fromm
Good morning. Eatting golden grams. Goin to the gym.
RT : RT : RT : Steve Jobs purpose "make a dent in the universe" - what is your BOLD purpose?
Aint gonna lie needs to be a Victorias Secret model!! Dayummm!
I hope you didn't mind me speaking for you, haha.
Happy mothers day
Thinking the Pirates took the wrong pitcher in last year's draft.
U. Chicago old community concept: 'hold at bay the outside world'. 2004, realized larger context of community crucial 4 survival # Aam2012
Happy Friday! What are your plans this weekend?
75 feels good
To websites that make me watch videos in quicktime: PLEASE stop living in '02.
Very kind of you! Thanks for the accolade!
stop hate'n!
...Why..please explain
Good news thanks
my email is on the left side bar of my blog after the introduction. But I'll get you updated - thanks!
im sorry.
Please forward the following to Bill Gates and his family, and anyone else you think would benefit from it.
Editing #EAD. Headache. Break outside with #knitting. Headache GONE! Back to #EAD. Headache? We'll see.
I wish I was going to Germany with Mamaw, Grandad and Nathan.
I've got a Ping EYE2 sand and pitching wedge in great shape with serial numbers registering made in 1988 -- conforming.
Help ... am I lossing it or does Obama really think we are that stupid...
It's #Grammys moments like these that make me feel my closet love for Country Music is super legit and should be out in the open.
Alright 100% attention on anatomy
Jobs are important, but wealth creation is what we should be concerned with. Creation of wealth increases our standard of living.
in UCLA special collections, digitizing historical maps of south america.
I know - I don't like the paper bag flecks either. Might just have to find my envelopes elsewhere...
Are there images somewhere?
I'll be able to vote for the #SAGAwards soon!
And last but certainly not least, here's the final question for today...
check out my music www.soundclick.com/lildynamo
I was hacked. Sadly, I did not find "hilarious photos of you that had me ROFL"...though I'd like to.
Finishing this tune stuck in my head
I'm good... Sweating my nuts off, its still 100 here at 7:20pm.. How you doing?
Pacers/Heat series is on! I'm for sure going to the first game that comes here to cheer on my boys!
Oh hai guise.
Start work :) $$$$$ ehhhhh more tatts fir me nah nah na boo boo :P
I think you meant that for someone else
Go outside for a short bike ride and see a pretty sunset..
No problem !<3
I need to start a garden.
downtown MKE business men are fat and gray. Chicago is the way to go. Scottsdale as well!
good for you!
is excited for another sold out show tonight at the Bluebird Cafe! Hope to see you there for an evening with Tailgate South!
Let me know if you figure out a way to get them on your iPod.
I had a great weekend with the Brothers of the Western Region. Brotherhood prevails, and Goodwill is the monarch in the West!
Thanks Doug!
JG's rockin' it at the Rock lobby! We are promoting our FREE diagnostics on Monday nights, 6:30pm - 8:30pm in room 352 at the Rock!
Will you be at the freecember concert this saturday?
I have 2 more, too. They are horrible. So bad I want to buy to take to the Derby party tomorrow!
repaired his first speaker today
bet bet bet
VM was partially working this morning (able to get messages), and now down again. No calls, VM, message retrieval.Help!
sore throat, headache, congestion... thank you mother nature!
I've always loved "Babette" - the diminutive of a diminutive.
Sincerely, the typical immature freshman.
Watching Falk Group's Steve Johnstone's son guest star on Criminal Minds. A very talented actor. Joel Johnstone. You will hear the name agai
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed 's mom. Oh wait, she don't follow me.
Had the worst dream ever... left me with this question for the day: if you could only leave with one small backpack of things and whatever
hey artix can i be a mod its posidon rocks from aqw
RT : Talked w/ , Driver's agent, about future w/GB: "He'll be back. Just need to work out details when done w/the show."
they are awesome. Lol
Thanks for following !
Next year the bobcat of going to the playoffs lmbo
has realized a few minutes too late that a giant shin bruise and tall boots don’t play well together
oh I would love to help. Can u send as much info as possible?
Verifying patient consent form / following WHO surgical checklist will decrease these types of surgical errors.
Let every thing that hath breath praise the Lord. Praise ye the Lord. (Psalm 150:6)
HAHAHAH discreetly fanning the body odor away
love the site guys
shit its too late for that..
i'd probably tackle you to the ground with hugs. wait is that awkward?
y'all are weird
Hi I see you
have an extra ordinary week as well/blessings
If I had to classify this moment with the Aarne-Thompson, I'd go with #327B: the small boy defeats the ogre
It might be in my truck
since you think the democratic process is thuggery. Then yes, unions are thugs.
GAME TIME! But I can't decide who to root for....YEAH OHIO
The guy sitting next to me in class packed snacks JUST FOR ME, knowing I would be hungry. Sorry I have a bf but he is
Ready to go...
its good
Fantastic concert! Bravo!!!
My funniest stuff doesn't get tweeted and is often unsaid. I'm just not that brave. But in my head, folks, I'm one funny chick.
Keynote speaker Dr. Eric Green, NHGRI Director, is now up!
Played with Tim Hagans today, a wonderful musician
you seem to think that Joe America can even pronounce "Hollande"
Getting tired of rich white guys trying to convince everyone else that the other rich white guys are out of touch....
Fun match at WXW tonight! So proud to be their Womens Champion ^.^
Yes, they did: NY Yankees Fragrance "Past. Present. Forever". You too can smell like a sweaty locker room forever!
. I would, but it's not a good time. I fear having to let go of one again. I'm a closet softie.
": Hey awesome lady its been a minute u good? <U+2661>"hi lovely, I'm good dear! Thanks..how are you?
Dang mavs lost, thanks to this game I don't even like purple anymore smh lol
That's gross...
Not gonna happen!!! I'm coming to WI to help out likely over Memorial Day weekend.
Luck is when preparation meets opportunity. Our job is to make the introductions.
Thank you, CC. It has been like that of late. I hope all is well with you.
Thank you so much!
May or may not have broken out the Taylor Swift perfume for tonight.
You can now set indexes on the command line within rails migrations: rails g resource foo bar:index
Right! Plus some things, like the 90 day rule, were subjective. My husband and I didnt have sex at all b4 we got married.
I love watching the #Superbowl with the kids from church, but wow, could I use a beer.
Couldnt of asked for a better boyfriend((:
I only fuck with gentlemen.
Rove orchestrated this whole thing. Cain is a goner. Another woman now coming forward after media outed her.
I love me some Shania Twain, guys.
Goin to crazy town, riding the bullet train
I especially want you wearing as little as possible ;) x
Anytime, anytime Kosi.
Econ. It's all jargon at this point. 4 weeks left, I'm just drilling holes. Fuck it.
you never text me! And you haven't replied haha
if he says no tell him: "no I won't back down"
Cursed tsunami cut my ass breeding short last night because of the evacuations
That said, LOTS of UI/UX problems with Ushahidi & crowdmap. We're looking into that :-)
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Justin Bieber.
Figured out how to set music videos to skip while shuffeling in itunes. This makes me less angry at itunes.
Hey now
The weather in Atlanta is fantastic...sunny and 67 degrees today. The 10 day forecast is looking good so far for SECO 2011!
Hi can I get a follow back? :)
"It's the crazy ones that have the good pills....." - Samantha my Hero from SATC
She was allways my number one, but I "was" to much of a boy to treat her then way I should. damn shame
lol cry baby! I was joking'
Mercy is for real one of my favorite songs right now.
Have a GRAND night! Still trying to find something for you game. Havent found anything...Yet! Btw that class looks awesome!(:
Realise that all you need is intent, a pur heart, and faith to realise your dreams. You to can illuminate! I illuminate. I am a star!
Akdas Infotech Releases Three Free BlackBerry Smartphone Apps - BerryReview
Kids just love bouncy houses
thanks for your support today!
Great season by Waukesha North girls bball team. Too bad they lost but for the first time since Nov, I'll have a boyfriend on Fri nights!
Tune in to at 7:35 to hear on the
It's better to know the differences between what you may do, what you should do, and what you must do.
you can't handle Prentice lol
Gate River Run bib
Family of 5 off to surprise gma with a visit in Fort Vegas (Wayne). What happens in minivan,stays in minivan
It takes alot of hands on training to become a professional masturbator.
What a perfect day to golf!!!!! To bad I'm at work. Smdh
I've actually been busy, but I manage to mostly leave as early as possible - thats the key w/ that place. I'm good tho
Are you interested in marketing with Video? Do you want the inside scoop? Comment or Send me a privite message.
Sorry to hear about Amy Winehouse's too early death. very sad. RIP.
Excited for my bridal shower :)
Over like a fat rat!
In that case, Happy Birthday to your friend, and thanks for sharing our Sunday Supper with # FoodieChat
Trying to do our transaction in Spanish at the ATM >>
Thinking about it- I need a new focus, sometimes I feel like I'm stuck in such a workout/fitness rut
the whole article made me think this is clearly just a British thing.
Milky Way?
Great to see you today!!! Come see us more often!
Vanessa Hudgens seen kissing guitarist
I grew up having a mind of my own, so me doing what you think is unlikely.
Oh, those family moments. <3
So you have a shocker sign on your bmw? Wow I really wanna get to know you.
would love to connect with you about the sports sponsorship industry.. could i follow up vial email?
What's happened to sizzle in daytime soap operas? Is it me or have all the good story lines been played out?
10. my house
Also, if I were in on this, I'd need to be dropped in Trenton. I assume that's on the way
Thank you, thank you!
If my signature perfume were to be discontinued I'd be the saddest little girl
- Couldn't agree more!
#thatminiheartattackwhen you think you texted the wrong person something potentially devastating
What's this "hockey" you speak of?
Very light dusting snow overnight. Now more bonnie sunshine n blue skies. Whoopee. Rediscovered Dire Straits. Whoooppee!.
Been so busy lately I haven't had much tweeting time! Going well, about to launch another site this week.
Just added the 100th word to my phones dictionary... And todays word is: Jiggy.
Every individual is the architect of his own fortune. -Appius Claudius
what's up to my boys at blacktopBball.
pheww! thanks so much lol!please encourage your followers to follow the one and onlyFIRST OFFICIAL JADEN ARMY <3
Just ended a seriously intense practice. Learning new songs, and originals!
wishing i could confidently look at myself in the mirror
listening to Neyo - So Sick, remembering when I heard him life a couple weeks ago standing 20 feet from me :)
yea.. Haha hey are u following me? Plz follow if u havnt because I'm trying to get over 1000 followers for a year now.
Shutting down production next week for the holidays. Been a great year & we appreciate our client's, friend's & vendors for their support.
Me in Hollister: o i like that...and that....and that....that shirt is sick...it smells so god....i like that bracelet....m...
Wide awake....insomnia
As We Yield to Holy Spirit and Allow Him to Pray thru Us-He Will Fix the Broken Places
Red Seal by - tasty last night. Tonight, Gayngs with ? It is likely I'll pee myself out of excitement.
If you want tickets to the show tomorrow hit up or anyone in it'll be a kick ass show
just visted an American presidential library.every suvenir, t-shirt/any type of garment is imported..even ties bearing presidential seal.
Hm part 2!
I have never ever been so turned on by me, myself and I before!
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.~ Dale Carnegie
ok but can this happen AFTER our set?
Okay, I will!!
5-10 no limit cash game at the Wynn all day..check out our 2 new shirts at drawndead.net
Caterina Scorsone is killing me right now.
": <___ #ff"- Thanks hun! Xo. I'm Miami ready to throw down!!! Ha
I love the old large houses too!
Welcome so why u gay and did u go to fear farm
Randy Orton's new dvd is called : Evolution of a Predator .
haha josh. I wanted to get to 200
nice yea I had to pick one up as you can see
If any of you lovely publicists or studio folk want to donate swag for our donation drive, email
This is the blessing thanks! RT #nowplaying "We Serve A Mighty God" FreeDemRadio.com |
took a 3 hour nap today, and now have a
Forever 27 club
That, was an awesome response! And TRUE!
“Above all, be true to yourself, and if you cannot put your heart in it, take yourself out of it.”- Hardy D. Jackson
Shout out to the best guy eva <U+2764>
In honor of being 36, I'm listening to Wu-Tang Clan - The 36th Chamber.
I was hoping teleportation would cut down on the cost of attendance.
Can't see full room. Any other #ward5se candidates in attendance?
don't worry, i go to the two other paneras in town.
Being out in the sunshine for opening day yesterday makes today feel like a Monday which makes this a 4 day work week. Anyone with me?
Think new definition/qualification for Hipsters should be the variety/degree of skills one possesses for Zippo tricks.
Lol Noemi and Julio are going to be that cute little short couple! cx
#agreed RT : the stranger the better!
NO. this is terrifying. The cops threatened me. I am locked in a bathroom.
Indiana recruits on the roster: Jordan Hulls and Christian Watford. Tickets at www.kdf.org
Wouldn't say "like," but I don't hate the Lionel album as much as I thought I would. Have you heard the whole thing yet?
Congradulations(: You Deserve It<3 Us Mahomies Are Always Ganna Be There For You<3 I Love You<3
no guidance. There will be a lot of sailors and pilots in dress uniform though.
When's the seance? I thought it was a birthday party.
Yes I think I did.
So honored and excited to join you at the #PinkPumpTea! So looking forward to it . . .
haters gon' hate
5 hours at school saturday 6 hours at school today And now i have school all week-_-
You drag yourself to the mirror to check your face, then you cry
#sleighbells killed it
Had a great group of attendees at our session at #NERHEUG on Change Management! Good content in the others sessions so far as well.
No one knows enough to be a pessimist ~~Norman Cousins
Or maybe I'll just go with daring. I'm pretty sure seaworthy is boats, not people.
To all the Directioners who in their spare time still go back &watch the old video diaries(:
#thatawkwardmoment when and I always say the exact same thing and the same time.... *awkward silence...walk away from each other*
That is such a great park-love to watch the waves!
I'm a little surprised Good wife didn't move. I'm fine with, but surprised
Gozamos is at Queer Prom! Stop by the photo booth to say hi. Chatting w students from Bogan and Morton East
Werewolf bar mitzvah
We got plenty of em here in Florida to choose from :)
Waiting for the finale of #InPlainSight, after which I will mourn the loss of a terrific show.
Still one of my favorite movie viewing memories. RT : Ten years ago today Sam Raimi's Spiderman opened.
don't fret precious i'm here. step away from the window and go back to sleep.
Woke up with my back all sore /:
Continuing to read "Bloodlands" by Snyder. Not the best Shabbat reading, but an important book.
just ordered something called the "maria burrito"... and if this cashier is maria she better not mess up my order
Naughty naughty girl..
those people are jerks. Don't listen to them!
Im almost positive, I just missed my flight.
You can Babysit me!!!! :) lmaooo
colts and Detroit Lions...originally from Ann Arbor.
what's good fam! And downloading it shit bangs!
People fail forward to success. -Mary Kay Ash
on my way home 2day I chose to walk 3miles in the LA rain it was all wet but didn't give a #&*% LoL I'm a crazy cookie but it felt awesome!
it would be more of a 'betrayal' if he didn't back Emanuel since he worked for him. CMB is really grasping here.
LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE!!!!
I go from 29 to 30 folowers everyday. I want to gain not flip flop. Derp.
Beautiful day for boiling maple sap. We're using fire AND ice. Freezing has cut our boil time down by 1/4!
In the VIP tent
#ravennation bring it!
thanks for the #ff Fara! let's sign off the season in style tomorrow! have a great weekend dear! cheers!
"I can't believe that out of 10,000 sperm, you were the quickest. " ~Steven Pearl lol first laugh of the day
#GOKINGSGO GO UP 3-0 IN THE WESTERN CONFERENCE FINALS!!!
Oh good lord..
Right and in the context of any discussion, that perspective can't be lost. But almost always is.
The Green Jemile? Awesome movie.
we in a funk rite now we can decide on the next single
do ya thang do ya thang do ya do ya do ya thang. <U+2764>love that song!!
Please use this tool because it works. Thank you! # in and Please RT
In band practice
Okay... must fly. Goodnight... #Peace #Namaste'...
My thoughts exactly. But sensible me tends to come out when I'm giving advice.
Lyrics from 5 Grams about the crack era: "Too many young dependents/left as remnants/to live life as defendants"
what would i do without my dear ?? thanks for bringing me my cup of coffee! :-)
The Titans are just hard to watch this year...
Wish I'd brought my to work.
I love your phrase- not everyone can create a filing system put of a piling system! Great!!
Why was yesterday the first time I ever watched Blood Diamond? Such a good movie.
Patron Azteca Twitter Hook up, Just come in and purchase a regular Margarita and say SUPER SIZE ME, & you will get a 27oz Margaita!
Did someone say $3 Summer Shandys till 8pm. Oh wait... We did. Be there!
haha- Now if I only had his album sales numbers...
Hey no worries! Looks like you're having a great time in the Portland.
Almost didn't answer the phone :-/
added bonus...we get to see your handsome face again soon!
I think she said that too!
Why the startover button? I clicked it instead of go twice. #notpayingclose attention
I fuck around with people.. I don't care
is going to Philly, PA for the 2009 American Association of Museums Annual Meeting...I'll be back in Dallas, TX on Monday evening.
"There's plenty of fish in the sea..." "That's cool and all, but I'm human."
Deliverance to have taken place in North Carolina?
Makinq cupcakes at butter lane
thaxx queen hopefully this wknd is awesome
I taught my mom well. She now knows that when I say 'The Boys' im talking about the boys.
Who else but Buckles the Bucoto cat to show up this time of night.
It's funny how people will be so upset that you've moved on when they're the ones who pushed you away.I'm free as a bird & happier then ever
Sometimes you don't need all the flash to get the best shot.
No problem, great info and brewers do a great job w/ SM...I joined but never got going, have pinned maybe 4 times in 3 months
It's a Morrissey kind of morning.
Awesome concept for those Super Bowl ad units integrated with functionality. Imagine Shazaming an ad to unlock content and coupons!
Tomorrow uncertainty promotes today's urgency.
So cool to see the Murat Theatre on full display for the Honors show tonight.
bitch pls nobody is trying to chill your ugly ass. Cheap ass HOE mybe even groupie . U just look like it ............ So don't ..
CU still has a mens basketball team?
you're welcome
How many times have your kids done something like this??
Win through your actions, never through argument ;) x
Long nights lol
Networking and information sharing related to the real estate investing
Thor was good. I think cuz he's HOT.
Come to the P&H HappyHour special till 9. Burger Fries and a domestic for 7$!!! And 2dollar PBR draft TILL 10
Need an encouraging word tonight!! anyone have one??
In keeping with my positivism, I'm going to say,"have a lovely day, everyone!" We all know what that really means. Teeheheheh >;) <3 xo
In this era of "report it before it's official," I love the fact that Blazers GM Rich Cho is keeping everyone in the dark.
I completely agree what she did was terrible- how would she like it if that was her family
school today :( fuck that !
I wish more people were feminists altogether.
#Newarkontrent twinning AGM yesterday. Disappointing turn out. They obviously don't know that #twinning is so on trend at the moment!
JaVale McGee is not good at giving interviews.
I just love the way you are. I wanna marry you some day! ;D I love you babe <3
When a whore pops up on my notifications on fb it makes me cringe...
Just got back from my brothers D.A.R.E thing lol
“: Just dropped my iphone in a patron bucket full of water tho! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> <<~~~ DAYUM!!! (via )
#10ThingsIHate dumb bitches...
Puh-lease. That is merely a sign of good sense.
In flight movies with occasional vertical hold is not recommended #FTW,000ft
I just don't
I'm not quite sure what that even means. When you pour it out do you end up with a glass full of binary code?
ah, now I understand why you were "cool" when you saw mangoes on sale.
I'd think you could do different sauces. Hot would just be natural though. But feel free to honey bbq it up etc.
Is a passport required to go there, or is a state I.D. enough?
Ginger Willingham is pregnant. I'm shocked. I didn't know Josh Willingham could hit ANYTHING.
don't worry, I'm #foreveralone too.
Its a WRAP, two hours of sleep last night and two long but amazing days of shooting.
#ObamaForgot to support the legalization, taxation, and regulation of recreational drug use.
It's been a great day so far!
« When boys wrestle with you on their bed.<U+2665>»
Have you used the wind tunnel ones? Stick your hands in the machine then tornados engulf your hands!!!
obviously the ritual is the thing.
How ever you celebrate with your valentine, I hope there are lots of smiles involved!
Im in High Point...never get to see stuff like THAT though....
Great Read, "Endless Referrals" by
really all I said what your cute then you started talking shit so yea okay
not quite sure.... Hahaha
I sound like Tommy from Rugrats hahah let's hope for the best!
can i come?? please...i'll bring food
yeah thats y i need my peeps to tell their peeps if i give you a few buisness cards will you give them to ppl
If you ask me NO phone is better than another. What the hell they all work the same way so stop praising different phones
Rangers bathing suit for my birthday = so excited!!!
Takin a few snaps of Super Oasis OG and then time to hit the hay!!!
Hilo continues to roll, as they knock off No. 1 seed Kailua this is the 1st time since 2009 both 1 & 2 seeds lose opening games
Delegations for tonight have ended for tonight. Thanks for tuning in and supporting EDUCATION. Continue watching...
What's the diff between a Rottwieler and a Poodle? If Rotty starts humping your leg, let it finish.
let's hope the R's stand by their agreements on this
We have worked so hard making so many desserts and having team meetings. I am very proud of #thevoice. Thanks everyone for your support! :)
Anybody not think Vikings will take Kalil with 3rd pick Thursday?
Once in a lifetime experience to see Discovery's last and flight tomorrow in DC.
Welcome news! Just bought blood oranges, which are a great sub for lime, esp good with Mezcal. Bottoms up.
That'd be AMAZING <3 aha i love Niall
If we could change ourselves, the tendencies in the world would also change
How are you bro!?
The difference is four heart felt years of mustering
Thank God my sister and nephew are both safe.
"Most people who went through a divorce as children have few happy childhood memories." See our Facebook Tips for making Divorce more civil
Looking for a job? Have amazing .NET openings in Chicago and Area. Apply to:
dylan is not here he went somewhere by the way im hes sister
And now hanging at LAX waiting for my flight back to Minnesota!
Going to sleep early tonight
Saw a wrestler from an very old match from the 90s wearing a NEVERMORE shirt!! Good taste in music I must say!
Thanks for coming! “: Just got here super excited! Good luck everyone. :) ”
hello there! thank you so much for the shoutout~ hope you're having a great day :)
Everybody look out. Rise of the Pluto. Pluto Dash Inc.
Yeah. Any good massage therapist will do a detailed intake to elicit info like this.
#nowplaying Dance Gavin Dance --Lemon Meringue Tie. <U+E00E>
Ha ha, not half price but $100+ and not $800 -- good heavens, who would pay that? And not a feeling of superiority 1/2
of course we love you!
Because I shopped at the local flower shop from my hometown, they delivered my moms flowers 3 hours later. She loved them!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090>
Almost done with www.briophotography.com promo video...just a little bit more to go!
Ivanka Trump is beautiful!!! Love Celebrity Apprentice - I so wanna be on there cuz I am also adorable just sayin!!!
Social media for HR outreach and validation.
WOOHOO! RT : Its a great day! I have been accepted by to #studyabroad in New Zealand in the Spring!!
Its so past my bedtime! Good nite muah!!! Sweet dreams!
you made my night.
I think he's a human...
Well that 5 cent bag fee really cleaned up the Anacostia
I love the "shuffle" feature on my iPod, it's like the best radio station EVER. Except a few, how did they get in there?!
do u wanna fight lady!!!
smh at you girl x((
Disneyland is restricting it's Halloween fireworks show from regular park visitors, I'm not going to renew my pass in October now!
my parents do that too like why
haha look what you did! Now I have an excuse to go to the movies. I need that popcorn!!
Ah I hate not talking to him before bed!!
haven't done any Pink Dolphin, sorry
What a fantastic day in NYC theatre. Wandered into the drama book shop to witness a Noel Coward reading with Simon Callow, and Dana Ivey!
Next up is Rebecca AKA - she's a Teen Whisperer.
Welcome to our team Michael Sugar!
I wonder if niggaz in NY is still about that
": boo sniffs my witch 0_o" hehe
#sljsummit10 Don Leu Struggling readers often denied access to online reading - results show they often perform better when reading online
Pretty sure Jonah Hill flaming-shit-bagged Christopher Plummer's porch last night.
somebody's been playing grand theft auto
Way too short #punk'd
Looking into a WiFi router for my daughter to take to college with her
2.0 is on its way to #e20! Preview how enables enterprises to have #socbiz the way you want it.
thanks for hosting us. We all want to move in.
Love the level 10! Keep it going!
Keep doing your thing....good luck this year
i think it should be that if you are over a certain age, you should be required to take your driver's test every year.
Through tech, 30 Americans can empower people to voice their opinion. Making art accessible to everybody!
I post lots of tweets 24/7 but I enjoy conversations and getting to know you as well:)
My nose is killing me
Baja Blast is without a doubt the best drink ever made. Now to figure out how to get it at home without kidnapping someone...
follow coolest up and coming latin actress
Lol about to go fail this AP world history test with pride.... <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Who's going to see The Hunger Games tonight?!
#textingdisaster - Don't txt and drive. It can save your life. Seriously. Put down the phone. It's not your whole life.
Election is nearer. Are you registered? Get registered and be sure and in November.
& should appear more in episodes
yo is my nigga ... he is too funny for real - I gotta tell you this story man. your ganna die
sir, you are a delight! You're gonna be a big star.
There's 3 people that I know I can always turn to for anything: and ! Love y'all, thank you <3
So the #Saints should just move to LA and start fresh.
Good times catching up with old friends.
Sitting by the break room. Pro: first to know if free food arrives. Con: when people microwave fish
oh yeah cool im in houston right now ima look it up hows yo bball goin
Can we do it fo reall?? I thought you were down with the positive and spiritual ideas?? You can do a diss track w/ us
because u sexxy boo
A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking to you and never question the friendship.
It is. I like that the most absurd thing (her being friend with "Dawson") is actually true.
Everyone go follow my on instagram it's the same as her twitter username ;D
I just unlocked the "Bento" badge on ! Irasshaimase!
No Shoe Strings Yo Girlfriend like to Do Things Yo Girl Like To Chew Things Ball Dribble All In Her Mouth Like Im Hooping.
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected. - Charles Lamb
As always it's worth making the trip to see you fight. Congrats on getting the W last night.
What a beautiful tribute for Whitney Houston.......R.I.P.
Thanks for the shout out for our Charlotte Trunk Show!
Now & then I thnk of all the times u screwd me over Part of me believin it was always somethng that I'd done But I don't wana live that way
Teach me how to dougie, teach me, teach me how to dougie.
#NP 702 where my girls at
woman on muni is making a mayo sandwich, complete with licking excess mayo off the outside of the jar.
I don't ever want to leave!!
TRIVIA TUESDAY: Wes and Jared met each other on the second day of high school. They have been best friends and bandmates since. Cute, huh?
Getting lost in San Antonio trying to find my uncle a birthday card. CVS and Walgreens had absolutely no selection. Also food coma.
Sue reached her 1000 tweet yesterday
Yes! Strange, spooky, and very well executed. I liked it much.
You have a 50 meg line?! Do you take in renters? ;D
anyone you want
Dq with Jacob mom and joey ! :)
My parent's favorite word : "No."
David Ortiz comes out to Rick Ross, which seems appropriate, while Jarrod Saltalamacchia trolls the crowd with Falco's 'Rock Me Amadeus'
Does a door count? Used to have anger issues when I was young. Still young, just no issues.
last time I remember being this excited watching #mlb is when Kirk Gibson hit that all time classic. Congrats
I need a cold drink... Preferably alcohol!
I agree with that. Sometimes a kid will turn it over when someone screaming at them to pass it to them
#kids Laugh Factory Thursdays: Laugh Factory Thursdays Friday, May 4, 2012 at 10:00 PM World Famous Laugh Factory 8001 Sunset Boulevard,...
Can I help trend this?
Thanks! RT : Your the best :) Can I get a retweet <-- just one click will make my day :)
Oh ok i get it
oh hey I love you too <3
Ladies, I'm complex. I'm an enigma, wrapped in a conundrum, wrapped in something really awesome, like bacon.
I'm bored...I'm gonna write a song
When people take forever to text back..
Having fun while watching my son learn to shave...it's only a thin line of hair above his lip but he's starting to get the hang of it!
watching movies with which i had a cuddle buddy hmmmf.
May your neighbors respect you trouble neglect you angels Protect you & heaven accept you.
MT KCBS Radio's "In Depth" has 30-minute interview with CA Chief Justice Cantil-Sakauye Sunday at 830am & again at 830pm
hook up with kim tonight bro
WOW....So,i will leave you.I will talk to my followers.Much love<3 Hope you follow me.
that's a whole different class.
Listening To Rick James and Shit!
Hey Mario. Any ideas on the best PC for 1400? RT : weekends what do mostly plan to use it for?
did you win it?
M(to I, who asked to sleep in her bed): "No! You'd try to have sex with me! I think both of you would! I think ANYone would!"
“: #3 for Nova best on-ball defender I've seen in all year. Easily. Dude is a nightmare” U meant Hugh Robertson
Pour it up Haaan roll one up haan shawty do it too fast then slow it up haan
Not lookin to good for money may
where my promo
Show December 2nd @ The Gate with for their EP release show!
You are welcome sir!
Once again Coach Q proves he is the worst shootout coach in the NHL. Hossa never scores, why does he never let Frolik go?
'you dont gotta drive a fleetwood cadillac; you just gotta know some of the words to fleetwood... mac!'
is trying to figure the Twitter thing out...
Agreed. Sorry to be a downer.
You cannot be friends upon any other terms than upon the terms of equality. -Woodrow Wilson
Word. Imma try to come see you.
That awk moment when mr. Bruce is doing sit ups right next to you.
the best #Rosewood couple is Ezra and Ariaa no dought !
The Olbermann sketch was horrible.
It is done. The pringles have been lifted, the sensor recorded the charge...somehow now I only wish the can were bigger...
hilarious, right? i've experienced so many of those :)
I'm sorry mr.lenz, I rather sleep then do you're take home test problems lol
That's right , the Sand Wedge very golfer's favorite tool, was invented in New Port Richey, Florida
learning about tons of tools/resources; head about to explode...
im gonna have to be on twitter all day
watching got tired of watching the globes got borning
Play yo role BOY!!!
I wish i could re-live Friday night all over again. <3
I thoroughly enjoyed that band, except for the screaming and the tight pants.
damn i just realize how of a outcast to life i am .......because i don't fit in ..
damn lucky
I'd expect a price range of $100-$500.
I love it. We sorta do this in the teen library now...we hide things in books, movies, games, etc!
I've got a wp site that uses a plugin to create pdfs, but I need to generate accurate metadata for ebscohost to harvest.
Tonight at 10 on TMJ4, the I-Team has the story of another school bus driver busted for bad behavior
Lmfao what I like about bosh he has a jumpshot
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles T-Shirts – Pizza 4 Faces Adult Charcoal
#GreysonMMag What's your favorite candy? :)
Out with lol u know what that means
Thanks for the #FF. Have a great weekend.
Jonathan, any chance tomorrow? I am around all day. Thanks!
Custom skinning a mediawiki install isn't quite so straightforward as I thought. Now consulting books (at least not Mediawiki for Dummies!)
“: Awesome ends with "Me" and Ugly starts with "U"” Crying laughing.
Ready to sleep. Sunrise in brickell
I will 100% be there! You can count on it!
It is another year and 2012 is promising, at least, for all of us optimists.
Oh. I'm running to your arms.
it's super fun though, totally worth it :)
Sorry for making you s , i know you didnt wanna stay .
I use the same talent in the bars of tampa.
you're so perfect, omfg
I think Dianna Agron looked amazing! And yes, Dakota looked good...there was a bit too much material though, like you said.
My thoughts and prayers go out to Chris Myers and his family.
i love it too lol. easy money forsure. !!
pringles is calling plays from his moms basement.
Hope under my tree 2morrow :)
Fat cats who oversee our courts-two years of expense reports reveal gray goose martinis, steaks, wine and questions tonight at 5pm 10news
Dont forget tonight to mention: AZ PartyLife @ the door at Suede Lounge in Scottsdale for the Hookup. Line wraps around the street by 12am
Thank you for following. I love your profile pic!!!
Reno designers! Do you ? We have 1 invite we'd like to give away to a Reno local, please @ us with a link to your portfolio!
There are 5 juco coaches here watching these ladies hoop!
this was definitly the icing on my cake..definitly best mothers day ever for me!!!!!
Great conversation with about #inspiring more #dialysis and #CKD patients. Patient for 30 years a motor that doesn't quit.
Great day for WI sports..Brewers walk-off and Steve Stricker taking the JDC title!
YAY! Thank you :-)
Black ops release= date cancelled. Sweet..... Gahhhhh, stupid video game.
4yo just said to the cat "if I have to tell you ONE MORE TIME..." Funny/scary to hear my own words.
Wimps, whiners, and complainers coming out of the woodwork
There's a band with a tuba, trombone, and bass playing at this thai restaurant. Love DC.
I fucking hate school!!!! FCAT can suck my dick and gargle my fucking cum!!!
Time to go work. First equinox n long overdue steam shower.
Sorry, 6AM was not in the cards for MFF this morning. ;)
but it will be awkward. Ahh, I can't wait to take a picture of you two! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB>
coming home to my apartment feels like a punishment after a week of #TulsaTime. I miss you Tulsa, see you in the fall!
Pizza today features tomato and garlic cream sauce, sausage, mozarella, onions, and green peppers. $12, free ravioli with this tweet.
Most People Are Only Alive Because It's Illegal To Shoot Them.
energy drink + preworkout
John Zelazny's "Bad Santa" will be going on tap at the brewpub at 6 PM tonight! Stop in for a sample of some strong holiday cheer!
San Diego Press Club's J-Awards tonight. It'll be a blast -- great restaurants, wineries, plus answers to who won what! See you there!
love the blazer!
Happy Monday morning everyone.
#idRatherHave Go To BurgerKing and ask For A Medium Pizza No Sauce Just Bread Than Go To Dominos!
Ok, now I'm going lightning hunting. Time to find a high spot in Green Tree.
I am following you!!!!!
It's a surprise! ;)
lol u bet u r!!
You know you're a photographer when you know the exact times of the sunset and sunrise for the entire week.
Those are amazing! The one above the railroad tracks looks like it has a face (creepy) =) lol
www.webegreater.com now up.1st edition of SF>LA shirts to be sold prior to/during Giants vs Dodgers series in June.Follow us 4 latest info
I need all my sexy ladies to tune into 88.1 tonight. Its gonna get real crazy
heard that.
“I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the waters to create many ripples.” ~ Mother Teresa”
location is still TBA, as i still haven't found a place. lol.
Going to see a movie
Wow im #selfish song tho., lol i aint heard that song n a long time.,
Aw my Bestfriends hugged me real tight (': gave me 2 hugs<U+263A>
Wish there was a Sonic close.. These commercials are makin me supa hungry
Good morning and happy #internetday for our followers.
NOT enjoying this gnocchi today!
Coworking is a movement for startups!
"I love Ariana Joan Grande" you must be new
How many #SuperBowls will #Rodgers win n his career!? I think 5 if he keeps it up!! Wat do yall think!? #GreenNyellow!
If you're heading down to Fun Fun Fun Fest this weekend definitely bring a bandana. It's crazy dusty down here.
So exactly how well do you know my friend ...
and it's only getting worse
represents this state well, Typical WVU player. Good player bad attitude.
well im logging off! haha So happy to be going home later :D i'll tweet later...
I can't stop crying... Not one ounce of good news from back home in last week or so...
I need to cut out almost 6 minutes out of show tonight. NO FUN.
..sorry i didn't get back to you. didn't see this till after the show?
Don't try to run before you can walk. - Darkovan Proverb
“ I wanna thank all yall for helping me get thru #2011 now let's go #2012”
Haha how are you :P
Nothing like having a mini break down… in front of your 13 year old… Like I want her to think she has to worry about me and my stuff...
#minnesotatwins Danny Valencia! Mr. Clutch!
i think my grandpa is part american indian
I'll be here!<3 Hang in there, lovely.
- winning. what did we bet?
Journey's
Gus Macker this year?
I just really like him. And don't know what to do.
Make that change.
yet they did for like 65mins smh..
I think part of same problem -- in some areas, we have unduly high expectations of our stuff.
is in south africa?
pray you don't have any flight delays or there won't be any trips til after college!!
Best way to describe this #bucks game is in the immortal words of Mr. Ronald Joseph Aaron Burgundy: that really got out of hand fast.
Hanna in a country bar...also kinda awkward turtle.
Sis I don't do it to get you in trouble, but learn from my mistakes, but never did I talk to our mother like that, hate now thank me later!
Beer > Vodka
was watchin the GRammy's last night and i LUVEd it #CongratstoAdele she won all 6 awards #SWAGG and i luved #ChrisBrown's performance
Come over this weekend to help me edit some of the #LearnFromTheMaster footage! It's looking awesome!
Digital strategy: Content, Devices, What is your goal? More subscribers, generating readership + social media.
It's a perfect night to stay at the Aladdin #hotel. Remember to ask about our rewards program.
Well my car is fixed, guess it was really bad
Thanks for interviewing with me on I was yelling play free bird the entire night.
Smiling Now :)
Sometimes JLo acts like she didn't realize that she would be JUDGING folks in this competition.
attention King and El Fedro i need yall to start posting pictures and music on here thank u -Bolo Da General
#Detroit win tickets to the #wwe smackdown holiday show dec. 28th at the joe on DougFM.com under the contest page... Good luck
Uncharted territory...I am up for a beach trip. I just live for an adventure...among other things.
Because we just love liberty that damn much ;)
In chicago bout work in the studio wit some of chicago's finest..I smell a new project brewing!!! Sub 0 Records let's go!!!
"On Q Entertainment" the newest Latin Promotion Company in Chicago is looking for models for our Latin night venues and promotions.
Last night I heard the longest thunder I'd ever heard--like a UFO passing over. At least I think it was thunder.
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Choreography, Resident Production goes to... Irina and Ben,
hi again twitter. i must say i didn't miss you much.
checked into same Holiday Inn in Blytheville we stayed in on tour. only thing missing is
RT for a S/O
I just bought lifetime prescriptions to the Lex Herald Leader for both of you for $8.50.
WORDS TO THE WISE: DON'T MAKE EXPENSIVE MISTAKES - PAT FORD*
Tomorrow features some of my fav films I got to view pre-festival : DETROPIA and UNDER AFRICAN SKIES plus the return of
You may fear that your partner will make a fool of you by having affairs that everyone else but you knows about
Smith Micro Connection Manager Solution now available to Clearwire wholesale partners
Oh, Groupon, a deal for a dance party? You shouldn't have. No really, you shouldn't have.
Mills just covered his head and hoped the ref would end it all soon. Luckily for him, it did. Rory is sick.
Not lookin cute at all today. Wrapped up in a hoody and yoga pants :)) lol
I WILL Followback
Bye Dipity, hello Storify for tomorrow's presentation.
A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesnt believe, and leaves before she is left.
speedbumps are heavy
It is. The cake chunks are divine.
Today was filled with many meetings. One of them included a corporate sanctioned flash mob. Yeah...
I'm gonna rip this bitches hair out in a second.
Seriously, must people use speakerphones in a farm of cubicles???
WOW. The #Orioles are getting RESPECT on ESPN. I've longed for this day. #LetsGoOs Jake is no Joke.
Trip to lean
It takes a long time to grow an old friend
lmao this is so great! lol
More balloons. My friends are so cute:)
hopefully you did that yesterday and won some coin!
will be at the Vancouver USA Marathon in June! I hope you're all training!!!
Is the Komen funding disaster an example of #occupyphilanthropy? Are we seeing other examples of this kind of intervention by indiv. donors?
I only enter names and numbers in my contacts so I can c who im ignoreing when they call
Hey all you people with truetwit. i'm not following you
What my mom just said to me >>> awhhh.
Goodnight amazing peps.......Recording studio tomorrow
Nah, that was not from mcdonalds lol
That sounds amazing.
O: what's it say??
All I want is a girl that will stay truthful and will never lie to me.
Fruit and heat: RT : New favorite cocktail, watermelon + jalapeño + vodka = delicious concoction from
I had my vegetables today! I ate 3 slices of pizza!!
Then what they should do is shut down the club and ship it off to Yellowknife.
the pool remember!
RT : What's everybody up to tonight? Sim City? Me too.
drunk and playing PASSWORD. we are such knerds.
It's typical in MANY co's to manipulate hrs on timesheet if salaried - 40 is often max allowed - news anchors do homework!
Bonsallpalooza 2012 is in 3 wks on May 5th at Pala Casino, get your tickets now Stay overnight at Pala, reserve asap!
Why the fuck does it feel like Friday!!!!
I feel a lot better about myself now that I know everyone in One Direction is 18 or older and I can be attracted to them #NoLongerACreep :)
only on Wednesday nights! It's pretty new ~ & long overdue
The next big thing: digital pancakes.
and that's likely to be the case as well. Definitely not going into this match as confident as I'd like to.
Well that sucks. I tried logging in to like, 7 of my old youtube channels and none of them are working. One of the accounts had 986 subs :(
Tomorrow: look for our booth at 's Business Expo!
YES! Oatmeal is the best. With brown sugar!
what are you doing..
Table secured at the Marathon. Ready for the FA CUP FINAL!
Exciting!! THank you!!
I really like your vision! Mogul Marathon. Would like to work with you someday
SIR. THERE MIGHT BE SOMETHING WRONG WITH YOU
Make this Summer count, do something wise with your time. Volunteer and give back to your community. Remember, every little bit counts =]
What should Larry Page focus Google on now? My vote: get serious about social media and Google TV. What's your vote?
Call me childish if you want, but I still hold onto that last bit of hope.
Recording sessions
go soul!
Picture texts of our brand new niece might be the only thing keeping me sane today.
Just saw Cabin in the Woods. Totally awesome and not the typical horror plot you're thinking. Summer movie season has begun!
Post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure today for free tell your friends about us also if you would like
that sucks
Why pay millions for something you can put online, right?
So I guess I'm nothing but drama...well if you say soo
Same here. We seem to have lots of common connections.
Several reboots of the modem & router later, I was ( ) close to reading a book tonight.
I'd see that band.
Worked last night now 2 days off, taking my kid shopping
going to o'charleys with my family(:
Massage parlor raid... so much for my happy ending
@ Valley India cafe with my spouse; Enjoyed Authentic south Indian cuisine in LA after a long time! Goat biryani must try.
I'm not single, I'm in a long distance relationship with someone who lives in my future.....
Resentment is a beautiful song :")
#ItGetsMeMadWhen nobody texts me >:(
I gotta shave this dirty ass 'stache off my face immediately.
Listen girls...stop texting me your sob stories. I can't fix you're bad choices but I can provide you a diagnosis...it's called "MBS"
Had fun today with the family now going to relax and watch some movies with my sister and nephew . Happy 4th of July!!!!
Tom-yes it's available, Julia or Caryn would like to talk to you, because it's an import item 1-800-42-MUSIC Can u call them?
I want to text you, just to say hey, but theres a pretty good chance you'll see my name and press cancel...
Wait a minute! Where did you get a 6 pack of Hopslam??!
I think you look beautiful!
my alergies is kickin my ass
ultra lame choice should be a productive member of society
Going thru my files put me 1 step closer to my next big project--developing an online archive for a now defunct publication
Audition for a disney channel show today... Can always play these up a bit... :)
Thx for any RT! to perform stunning "All About the Women" concert at , Fri 4/20 at 8pm! Must see!
Dropbox fantastic for sharing files with co-researchers. sharing
Noodles & Co NEW Fishers restaurant, open hiring tomorrow from 10a-12p, 8654 E 96th St, Outgoing? Energetic? Enthusiastic? Apply in person!
yeah both of my finals were in there even tho neither of the classes are lol
Thanks Mike! RT : Good article on Pocket Tales. You guys are doing some great work over there.
Before you talk shit and write it on Twitter, learn how to spell first.
Songs for my #minimarathon playlist RT : Journey is a must.
happiness is often the result of being too busy to be miserable- a fortune cookie
ok sorry and i hope your dad feels better.
You have got to be shitting me. Johnny Damon? I got taken yard by Johnny fucking Damon?
I'd rather live a life of "oh wells" than a life of "what ifs"
Yeah he does! RT Quote taken out of context: says "...but I have the taste of meat in my mouth."
My bed has never felt this great before!!
GOOD DAY GOOD PEOPLE!
Being a fan is stupid.
Finally getting the "Boys & Girls" album from Alabama Shakes for my commute today. I've been really looking forward to this!
not going to prom anymore !
That's cool
Both projects posit alternative histories through critical and reparative memorial practices: "connective memory work"
Best of luck to our new Iota Pledge Class!
I'm sorry, correct nomenclature: "NOIDist" (via )
The Dallas Cowboys are really coming together!
Discussing benefits/liabilities of working in public. Concerns include misleading people, overpromising, tipping off others
good mornin how you doin love
Solid day today
this may sound corny, but i wanna see your o face
How can we ensure our teachers know these strategies?
Did anyone take any pictures last Saturday? We're looking for a couple of good shots for the print version of the review.
how about a mention of www..arethepackersundefeated.com with on this morning. Created by a huge fan.
Consumer Electronics Association (CEA) represents job creators in high tech and innovation industries. Proud to have their HQ in Virginia.
$12 Buck Tuesday- Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens! Add on Unlimited Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for only $5 more!
Wish it would snow, I so want to go skiing!!!
2 new stored opening 30% off with twitter account check them out
UR PRETTY....NOT IN A LEZBEAN WAY (DONT NOW HAW 2 SPELL THT)........p.s.not a lesbean
I know the feeling lol. I wear yellow shorts and shirts all the time
I think Juan Williams should be compensated by the very cowardice decision NPR made to Fire him.
Say I had life-size cutouts of + members made & records playing during my wedding reception, Would people buy it?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
The Kindle Fire is definitely on our list as a great option for the casual web browser and reader.
ICYMI #Breaking: #GollumW.Bush endorses #MittsyRomney while slithering into retreat behind closing elevator doors Details
Governor's office announces end of fingerprints for food stamps. Cuomo down state, but calls into albany presser
Last nights show was one for the memory bank. Feels good to be living The Dream.
best idea I've heard in awhile.
lol im back on sorry bout that lol
I guess gifs are the hanging mobiles of the digital age :)
Day one on fitness kick relapse! Chicken & veggies 4 lunch & then a 5 mile jog! Will I pass out???
Supporting at risk families can help children live with dignity, safety, and health and make positive contributions to society
Thanks! We love that you love us !
RT : Heading out to meet cool people, eat yummy chocolate & sip delicious wine at Theo's with the rest of the #ChocoTweetup group!
I'm purdy tired... And hungry... Don't know if I should eat these chips
Trick or treat! Let's make some money for the #RISD Annual Fund!
:) I followed you on instagram.!
The here and now is all we have, and if we play it right it's all we'll need.
Vinny got his mohawk back. Omfg. The tears. I can't.
#CRE offer for the day: Refer a friend & new members get free MSA eMarket blast! Contact us at 888.889.1063 or !
i bet it is fun for ya'll to have so many fan including me i love ya'll and i wish i could see ya'll in concert one day. bye:D
New C-L-E shirt is really nice.
Okay okay I'll admit maybe just a little lol
been writing a lot of music!! can't wait for you to hear it
They are all very different. Feels more like listening to a musical than a band in some ways.
Mojo's World is currently under construction. I am completely refurbishing the site! so Stay tuned for the new Mojo's World! :)
If I create an HTML form, will it generate an .php file so my visitors can email me their info or will i have to create one?
pa follow mga dude!
Ima start going bak to how I use to b which is saying how tf I feel at tht moment & don't give a fuck how yu feel at the end! ,
I need a good massage
I accidentally a word: reading 's Checklist Manifesto on my trip & learning a lot - highly recommend!
Its mad bright out thought I woke up late !
You too, Mark!RT thanks for the follow Amanda. Good to meet you and some of the NFLPA team yesterday
Love "eyes open" by Taylor Swift. :)
thank u sis! I'm sorry so late responding. Been crazy over here but yes can't wait to meet up! & very special Happy Birthday 2 U!!!
Never did I just have to put my uggs on
that was directed at Chris for liking Biebs. But same goes to you and your boy Wiz
i will find sanctuary in your arms
oh ya and
and sorry for being weird and creepy today
Picked up a last minute gig @ Bananas in Poughkeepsie this weekend Upstate tweeps come say hi!
Why was erickson selected in a week, but 2 months to find coach? Erickson states he won't be around as long as football coach
at georgia periemter college at the dunwoody campus right now and bored
I thought I saw you on the road today :) happy new year Tony.
I'm pretty sure I just watched a 3D movie without glasses because they put the wrong film in the movie theater.
Andre Iguodala's Achilles Injury Raises Concern for
my favorite graffitti in a vegan restaurant. "Have you hugged a fat vegan today? Yes! We exist!"
ha ha. i just couldn't pass that up. obi wan!
Good shit man!
oh I live like 5 min from downtown I live by like norridge and harwood heights
Just on the mountain bike, not the road. I cracked a rib I think, and got some cuts, but I finished the ride. So I'm OK.
Ethics 20/20 hearings ongoing; I am in Judicial Disqualification hearing on proposals to amend Rs of Judicial Conduct
Are people seriously still saying that? It stopped being clever roughly the second time anyone did it.
A dot has been added from WNY :)
We may not have scored again, but we didn't let them score, either.
Traci Lords needs a musical comeback. 2000 fires?
Thanks for the nice Christmas wishes! And the same to you!!!
Need a job in Arkansas, tweet me!!
Thanks for having my back! I owe you one. Teamwork!!! xoxoxo
There are going to be setbacks. It's whether or not your let them set YOU back that matters.
Come down if you want. I forgot my power cord so I would be typing much tonight.
Me & Alex went for the corsage c: now we just have to wait till Saturday. PROM!
waaaittt huh!? :O
i really like what is gonna wear tomorro:))
Anyone else wondering whether we're moving from #Democracy to #Democrazy? This is going to be ONE heck of an ELECTION PROCESS IN 2012!!!
anytime love! >> is always in them he probably has better advice.
Exactly! Oh no....Downton Abbey isn't on for another week. What will we ever do! Heavens to betsy.
RT : You like to take pics of cupcakes on #instagram? #Facebook will now push Weight Watchers ads to you! #YAY :)
RT : 1st of 6 informational meetings done today for the Firemen will be mentoring in
Register at www.watchnhllive.com to get all the up to date hockey news and discuss hockey in our forum come enjoy the action.
I'd like that.
Want to see something really scary? Herman Cain has the DNC and the GOP establishment scared... all for different reasons! Yes he Cain!
#alliclass is in session!
Awesome Blog Paolo!
Nice seeing you too, lady! Thanks for coming by :)
New SINGLE CHEF Live at 6pm LA time Salmon Croquette and Raosted Potato's done in 23 minutes. Watch live tonight! www.theroomlive.com Matt
+1 RT I've still never seen an episode of Desperate Housewives.
Practice was awesome today.
Is it still considered #BlackFriday if it starts on Thursday night?
haha...true that but I'm a twin and she got the nasty attitude..I'm too nice..smh
hanging with tori and tomrrrow after school.! woop woop going to be fun!
_ You are welcome for the Klout!
RT Lol i`m watching MB videos yo ! Acapellas, interviews & MBCams. DANG I MISS THOSE. *fans watery eyes*
Any attorneys with #crossborder lending experience looking for in-house work? email
Sitting at a lecture by #DrManiBhaumik on quantum physics. Why am I even here again?
Doing some research for the upcoming "Yelp Redemtion" blog. Anyone seen a good one lately? Let me know.
Start w staff. Be willing to listen. Look at the numbers, the questions, the needs. Ask the user.
Finally, Sergent Garcia helped me to chase the sleepy bug away.
About to visit w/ & Edna on a gorgeous day in NY!
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana banana man (Cinderella man/rain man)
Love it!
Have fun at Panda Express?:D
yay! Also, u still want to shopping tomorrow for the food and stuff?
...Need 3 more yrs to decide? let me grab another beer, if this is gonna take awhile is like to start it with cheers
I am female. Fe=iron Male=man Therefore I am Ironman ^_^
they may serve beer too
Wants to go see Dark Shadows!!
saw the space shuttle flyover today!
I feel like a ticking time bomb...this baby could come at any time (according to signs leading to labor). The waiting game begins....
wait, i thought you "lived" here?
I could use a head massage right about now! <U+E31E>
happy monday everyone. just preparing today for segment airing may 8th for #babyshower #gift #ideas. stay tuned!
Whhaalleee just finished my book!! Now I need back to go to the library tomorrow to return it & get another one!!
ok what's ur name on fb?
same to you. :)
Volunteer Adult Literacy Tutors needed in the Downtown, West Indy, Wayne, Pike, and Eagle areas. Find out more: 275-4036 www.indyreads.org
Three visits from On-Trac then one from FedEx, USPS. I was wondering about UPS. Open the door? Two packages there.
When the cat's away the mice will play!
I cannot wait for and a week apart from eachother in syracuse!
haha, I haven't found anything to hate yet, m, tacos.
I've now waited over 10 hours yesterday and today for a service person to show up at my house. How is this acceptable?
Impressed by President Obama's speech. It wasn't a partisan speech, it was a well-thought out plan for the future.
Overwhelming desire for fried apples and chocolate syrup over ice cream.
Hahaha just saw the dance. You did so good !!! Officially love Mike Greenberg more than when I read his book. ;)
it is currently 85 degrees, wet, and rainy, but it is supposed to be very sunny, clear, and warm for the next week.
Thanks for the follow! Huge fan right here. Props.
Elementary students appreciate the ability to participate w/out having to raise their hand in front of everyone.
Im a lover not a fighter :) <U+2764>
Not to mention... The Cure, Duran Duran, Midnight Oil, The Fixx, The Tubes, The Sugar Cubes... lol... shall I go on...
Excited for the bruins game tonight... They r going to do some serious damage to the canucks!
En route to Nottingham with to see
OH MELO IS THAT U??? I'M CONFUSED.... LLS
Make sure you practice smiling all day today and refusing to let folks make you age faster with drama and mess! Stay Positive!
One thing I gotta do this summer is start lifting again, get my weight up
The moment I've been waiting for! Adele!!!
Giant hole on the inside as far as Ankiel's swing goes. He Can't foul those off. Big K.
it went very well. Came in at exactly an hour. That will never happen again.
so hyped for my dominos to be ready pdfogjilkhndfh.
You must of caught a glimpse of me in your carrot patch.
Of course I would have been. Then my opinion would have been the worse of the two.
Sorry if I don't answer the phone every time you call...sometimes I just can't take my headphones off...morgen
is that a good thing?
Hello everyone! We have lots of food and lots of space today so come on in!
Both teams stink RT : Clippers and Grizzlies are 11-of-41 from the field and neither team is shooting 30%.
Yeah Yeah but I see that u r still checking for me!
Thanks for the follow!
Plane boarding, seconds left. Worst possible timing EVER.
2 finals left tomorrow then im done with my freshman year of college! Ah! Wish meh Luck!!!!!
Watching #iona beat on #mormons like #santorum (ugh)
I had tuna for lunch but that sounds so good !
thanks! We'll hit him up.
If you write on your profile that you help people find work through Linkedin, and you belong to a group I belong to as well, how come your …
What's going on about this stupid rumor of justin cheating on selena with this kaydee girl?
The funds youth media in 26 communities from newspaper 2 radio 2 tv but w/ journalism focus 2 promote free speech.
Thank you honey!
Send me some Athens fries!
she is beyond precious!!
we did dance look at the weather today...ur welcome :)
I think they thought I was you on FB, because I've been getting all the stupid messages about it.
Can't we all just get along? RT : that's cool not like i'll be there too or anything
I should be editing..but now I am watching Teen Witch... You can respond with your jealous comments.
Severe thunderstorms on January...nice...
Ok thankx man. Im gonna email u
A big congrats to our and their win over the Miami Heat tonight!
Welcome back! I missed you.
Good run extended - This is Kent
Bulls beat the Bobcats by 32 tonight, MJ is about to be responsible for the greatest NBA record ever (96 bulls) and worst ever (2012 bcats)
At my Doctors office waiting to do my follow up exam, after my surgery.
Whooho! Off to see Coldplay live after work today! Who is going to be a rocking grandmama? Me!
Promo code alert! $100 off Colorado flight+hotel packages. Go to travelocity.com/colorado and use 'COLORADO100'.
Eating Well: Magic crust reminiscent of 'impossible' ones - West Fargo Pioneer
said it could have been don't think it was
Ok Cowboys just to let you know We are due for a Super Bowl start connecting with each other and let us see you become number one again.
I pooped my pants..
so excited for last night and for what the Lord has in store for today! hope the Lord blesses yall's days as well :]
Hopkins: A World inside a City is Fri @ Turner Auditorium. Courtland Robinson, Ph.D, Bloomberg School of Public Health is a storyteller.
well it looks damn good! I wanted to get a dream Catcher tatted on me too! But now I can't :( but it looks amazing though!
Getting ready to board the train to Chicago. #MWRC12 here I come :)
Although I did earn over $1000 in OT last week so I think its ok to spend just a little of it on myself
ustream right now!
Over lunch got two new producing gigs. Drinks are on me tonight.
yep! Love CALI
listening to repeat show - my fav phrase:put on your big girl panties & deal w/ it!!
Marty: As a Washingtonian, I thought I knew open spaces. But man, Houston to Orange is a hike — and that's only East Texas!
please click the follow button =)
happy happy happy happy bbbbbbbbbbbeeeeee day!
Those are the best kinda of vacations! #loveyou :)
Just as a song falls apart with inconsistent time, so does a life where time is interrupted and restarted at the incorrect speed
I just opened safari on my phone & I forgot the last thing I was looking was porn lmao
Sleeping alone<<<<<
": wait in here listenin to Heavy Metal music 0_o Alrighty!!!" Lls u funny!
Long but successful day, tryna celebrate 2nite..
Enjoyed my day w/ my Mommie & sisters :)
ok...I'm done this time...
“Fashion fades, only style remains the same” - Coco Chanel
Ah.... creating textbooks, the good stuff... iBooks Author
Nothing feels better than crawling into bed after a long day
is awesome.
I think the #Zoltan thing is pretty lame, but if it gives the offense any pulse, sign me up.
just got home #weloveyouaustin<U+2665>
Best brain foods include cranberries, egg whites, grapefruit, kiwi, lemons, lentils, oats, olives.
"Hell is full of musical amateurs." -George Bernard Shaw
I've still got a 9-5, could we meet at lunch time?
Got offered the job at Staples! Will be beginning paperwork and schedule on Monday. Swizz!
In the lab with ...wait tell yall hear this one
I didn't want you to see my giant pimple <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>.
Sometimes it's depressing how efficient I am working late at night. Maybe I need to shut off email/IM during the day to simulate conditions
sounds nice, sit back and read ! Good luck! We miss you already!
Uh, that sounds cool.
RT : The only explanation for the way some people dress for the airport is they think no one else will be there.
The Best !
Welcome to the danger zone. Step into the fantasy. You are not invited to the other side of sanity.
This is def worse loss ever 4 me! 2nd is 07 title game loss, 3rd 98 SB loss to Denver! Also, wild card playoff loss to 9ers
3 steps to have a great morning; open your eyes, take a deep breath and go back to sleep. Good Morning.
Anything you can imagine is real. -Pablo Picasso
Lunch at Philippe. Love that this joint pretty much looks like I think it looked in 1908 when it opened.
Special thanks to our sponsors , Comprise and Innovative Interfaces for making the Tech Summit such a great event!
Season four of The Vampire Diaries is going to be AMAZING.
Adults with food allergy session with Allergic Girl conference! Yay!
a stretch - looking for Irish "McFerron" ancestors
calling out on our current leader board battle...
Twitcam isn't working:( I can't get on 'S :/
Damn it. Too bad the line at Church's chicken was too long.
Dro: Eyes on the prize, mind on the title, Dro lookin' in the mirror, seein ... - Gonzales Inquirer
Man. That is seriously a heartbreaker. RIP, Whitney Houston.
RT : Thank you from the Harp and Shamrock for the best potato soup ever!
“: I am so glad I'm known as a weirdo and not a slut or a drunk or a drug addict.”
Get your pup's costume ready for our 4th Annual HOWLOWEEN party on Thursday, Oct 27th at 7:30pm.
Home sweet....oh god why did I come home?
Please.Please.Please.Follow 'm begging you. #RyanSeacrestFollowRicardoOrdieres (:
finally someone else who thinks that. Lol
pretty much!!
google my name pacmang74 i'll post new beats soon.
Got another gig announcing at the freedom stadium for amateur games and tourneys!
How is Mark Grace not managing in that league?
Awesome! See you there! RT : Just received your invite for the Holiday Gala
Apparently I have mad Grimes tracks. I'm enjoying quite a few. Would I be wrong to say I like some of the older stuff better. Not bad though
We are not open. But if you didn't get enough turkey show up tomorrow and have a Thanksgiving dinner calzone. I'm not kidding.
Wow is all I can say. Punter on third round? Really? Glad I am a Ravens fan!
Never!? Really! Still working on your movie!
“: the more you give, the more you get.” Holler!!!!!!
#JohnNichols from will be on today discussing #ALEC. Come out of the shadows boys, #wethepeople are watching.
This goes without saying... RT coffee ;)
And then there were no rules about "leave the family alone" Everybody was fair game incl chickens, goats and dogs.
Amar’e Stoudemire is out after punching a fire extinguisher - whats is up #NBA ??
has been getting mostly compliments on my announcing voice.
Dear Creep who sits next to me in period 1 Stop staring Sincerely, A banana's all I have for breakfast today -_-
Band concert then free pancake day at ihop
Watching #ToughLoveNewOrleans and might i add i thought i had some dating issues but dayumm ladies wth!?!?
message my fb cause my phone diedd
You are welcome!
prefers Hweat Thins to Cool Hwip.
is she getting shiny buff?
The 1 Million Accounts Linkathon begins soon on Facebook for ManyFreeThing's site AFREETHING.COM/yours Where you place is where your linked!
. will announce "strategic collaboration" with to offer interactive programming around major sporting events via
ready now! Sucks that it's gonna be 4 weeks before we can really get going!
I have a bunch of rogue strawberry patches growing in my front yard.
Forgot me "." beforehand.
This beer tastes vaguely of spearmint. In a surprisingly good, earthy way.
New day dawns for the program...the alumni and students in this program will change the face of corporate education...
Text me
pretty incredible Look forward to running into at a show one of these days. keep rocking! sj
Did you do anythind special for moms at services?
Just watched #Five Year Engagement with I loved it! , , ChrisPratt were hilarious!
I couldn't even respond to her ignorance..I'm just like draw my blood and be quiet mmk
Ditto here. (MBA; double major Biz/Econ) What does that have to do with Ann Romney? (net worth $200 million)
The Nue Jazz Project Jazz Club Sat. Aug. 13th 4-7pm Click on the link for further details and to RSVP!
You know, #Surrey could avoid the follow-on if they are allowed to multiply their runs by their wickets.
Jenny girl shall I come visit you not this weekend but the next?
but yet American women and British are still giving it up. Smh
Whatever happened to Herman Cain? I kinda miss that annoying #999 nut job.
BLB fans make sure your following and This is how we can tell who is a real fan and who's just a follower. DO IT!! RT!
To be ignorant of what occurred before you were born is to remain always a child. ~ Cicero
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BO LOL
Watching How I Met Your Mother >>>>>
looking for a hair elastic i won't miss... where'd i put that wicked loose one?
I can't make promises like that.
Someone call MTV and request that me & denise have a reality show called Pimp My Pants ;)
we all retweet
At This Rehearsal Wit & is up
Is she writing me a letter too?
Follow me back Is an Hot account related to Porn ;)
. applauds the president's decision to support same sex marriage
Shark Tank MIGHT be one of the best shows on TV.
Mac & Cheese is the sole reason I haven't gone completely vegan... M.
Courage is internal belief.
No leg or arm pain today!!!! Thank God for new matresses!
#Sabres' #Rob #Niedermayer sidelined for two weeks
Who's coming to hang out with us at TOMCATS WEST in Ft Worth, TX on Thursday for the show with ?!?
I know that I just said we gon get bacci's tmaw
Think im going to get me some sonic...
Ah, right. Goto is really confusing because it doesn't do that. Only way to do that is setting playback position via script.
Wade is frustrated af
ok jay z lol
Pro Tip: always good to drain all your holes before a weekend ride.
Any resident owning a vehicle registered at an address within the ERPP program area will become eligible to apply for residential permit.
oh ! if only you can be so crazy like me & go under his shirt & touch his body lmfao
The infamous debate! J. Rose talks about skip 1.4ppg in HS and playing JV as a junior!
Write the bad things that are done to you in sand, but write the good things that happen to you on a piece of marble. -Arabic Proverb
I hate feeling like I did something wrong. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
I'm feeling like that one time in Target...
#WhatILoveMost is cuddling with someone .
haha yo its all good. thanks
I'm a lucky turkey! and I went on a date recently! :)
lol I'm just that nigga I can change people ;)
Haha! Not too much damage was done, fortunately :)
Wow I'm addicted to twitter.
Remember everyone you can post your Lyons events here.
but a chicken wang?
Beautiful...very beautiful...see DOCTA FUNKKNU when U r ready for da FUNKK
well nice when I get back to Indy we'll share one!
Headed to showcase with Casting Director Allen Hooper. Looking forward to it- he always cracks me up!
He's the workout guru of ATL. When you see him tell him I did not forget about him and I'll see him soon.
Live, laugh, love, FART.
Relationships are like glass. Sometimes it's better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together.
For more information about them, see ourmanagement page
Happening on former Guthrie site?
LOL I figure if I get it done early this morning I'm DONE and don't have to fight the crowd on Saturday or Sunday :)
I fucking hate having to run to catch the train.
Agree to disagree.
Wow, I think I still have my 3dfx Voodoo Rush lying around somewhere.... this stuff belongs in a museum.
SO GOOD
NEW! Google Instant: Major Change for SEO
people that seen me perform know im one of the best after you see me ill have your mouth falling to yo chest
Slightly what, you ask? I'LL NEVER TELL!
oh HELL YEA baby bird!!!!!!!! u r so smokin freakin HOT
On 524 on the way back to Detroit. Another week away from home.
Oh shit yeah. Show needs Michonne.
Thanks guys its building www.spiritflowtv.com lets hit five more tonite
i hate tooth aches ah freaking hurts lol
Welcome to NY, Tebow. Those are called hookers. Unlike your offense, they're easy to score with.
We hope everyone stops by and joins in for #ANHKC last event "Famous Faces Mask-Making Party," a fun & free printmaking experience. Sat 11-1
still in mine right now......it's fine..
Doesnt matter what we do if the refs give the heat every call
Jazz-Spurs Preview - USA TODAY
At least I'll get to see the keynotes and read all of the daily news writeups -- something I never quite accomplished when attending
I'm on my way!
u guys don't even know half of it .just keep the abuses coming. Eventually u will stop coz I already said sorry
Anyone know the cartoon Grayling is referring to?
Y are u goin to Evansville
folks r afraid of him. rt I don't understand why they keep Kasey around. He's such a snake!
one time i reached the max of tweets in a day when i was trying to help #saveninelives, didn't work :( what ever happened to them in the end
BRB Going On My Backup
Thanx loves for all the support, it truly is helping me not to be so scared & hopeless right now.
She know every song on the mixtape.
There ain't no other kind like mine ;p RT just one of a kind ;)
Who let her come out of the house looking like that -_-
Congratulations to all the drivers who competed in the 100 Acre rally! Hope everyone had fun and a special shout out to the volunteers!
Does the #rapture start at 6 PM eastern time? Or british time, and then move from time zone to time zone?
yeah I'd like that pick. Big, tall speedy WR. Something we've never had. Just tall and slow..
RT : High Heat & Humidity - stay hydrated - what you TODAY will help later this week - hydrate, hydrate, hydrate
Caramel deLites are evil little cookies and they're calling my name.
Do u know where the Waltons lunch box is ? Find it and 2 other artifacts and win a prize during
The wine is flowing, appetizers have been served. Life is good.
We can still split this series?
i've been a vegetarian for 10 years.
meet the latest fan - Woot.
Sen. Collins says she will vote for Blunt amendment "with a lot of conflict" cuz "I think...amendment has a lot of flaws"
you are already living the life. this just kicks it up another notch.
Thanks for mentioning our publications and sharing our blog on Soft Skills. We're looking forward to following you!
De hello I need too speak to big boiiii is de big boiiii hear cuz like a sombudyyyyyyy who is speaking oh nothe fuck fuck guy (loling)me
": I'm Not Missing Anymore School After Today"
Hell Yeah cant fuckn wait!
cindyhill: Tasty Red Fish dinner w Canadians (Thanks Daniel!) & others after WWII museum (Dad landed on Utah Beach-never talked about ...
Psyched for Mother's Day dinner ! But fair warning to the chef that my MIL may cause
bored!! omg so much to do, so little money :( I need a sugar daddy so bad
Shoreline 80, Lower Columbia 77.......FINAL......LCC’s season ends game short of trophy round.
SORRY ive been crazy busy & im the WORST at call backs!! :( i promise phone date soon...& if not, real date when ur in CA? :)
thanks bud! hope your having a great weekend!
On my way home. I'm so so so tired.
Great chat with today for Look for Part 1 Monday!
I LOVE YOU MORE! man i wish i was there to see you spaz :)
Make sure to tune in to Fox6 tomorrow at 9am to see the camp represented on tv!! =)
ITS MY BEST FRIENDS BIRTHDAY AND I WANNA SURPRISE HER
RT : simplicity is the ultimate sophistication #devlearn (I think that should be our company's mantra)
Yes! i'm so HAPPY! :DD
Telling... RT : Orson Scott Card just called the world of The Hunger Games "stupid & unbelievable" . He's never read the book.
Judicial activism=Creating new law to fit the desired outcome (e.g., Roe v. Wade) versus basing the outcome on Established LAW.
You put ur arms around me and im home,how many times will u let me change my mind and turn around I can't decide if ill let u change my
Done. RT : Martini Monday! Ask Amanda for tonight's $5 Raspberry-Jalapeno or have a classic.
Right there with ya!
REVIVAL TONIGHT AND TOMORROW NIGHT 7pm North Narrows Tabernacle Narrows Va come and be with us. I'm ready for a powerful move of God!!!
Landed, checked in the hotel...now @ Practice...putting in work
Plan for birthday? Send Seski pic of where are on Oregon150. or post Facebook and tag.
I'm using the Samsung Galaxy II just FYI.
You've got the beat.
is giving away a daily "care package" for next 2 wks to person who tweets the most - must include: #HeadlessRed & bit.ly/rbYBrt
Thanks Alice! Always great to hear from satisfied customers! :)
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways treat his woman the same as he wants her to treat him <33 don't do something you dont want done to you!
today is just gonna be a cluster fuck of love and candy
this is the part of me that ur never gonna ever take away from me....7/15/10
Who is your favorite Hero in a Story?
your last name is not the only reason I root for you on the voice. You are the real deal.
MSRP is a Fair Price for That New Car
Thanks for the suggestions - since it's an intro to ethics course, I am looking for a nice contrast/complement to MLK.
AKA The Brazillian (Rainforest?) Not damaged - removed. RT : Vagina Logging with and
you shouldnt say that word carlee aha
Watching these idiots on Discovery Channel try to catch BigFoot! These are 40 year old grown man! Hahhaaha
nice work! Looking forward to our joint scanning project!
111 stairs climbed to top of lighthouse, could not look down, sod that for a game of monkeys !
Dinner with the fam
When children are deficient in nutrients early in life, even if the get nutrients later, their cognitive development will always be behind.
Really great pres by Anne Bahde abt patrons using a Bookeye for scanning in UCSD reading room.Liked her confronting fears framework.
The wine/kg mixture of last night did me in ladies and gents. Time to get out of bed I guess.
it really is that good!
Hi there please will you follow you loves you so much so please do.
The Carolina Raptor Center in Charlotte is offering free day tomorrow. I think I'll take my granddaughter for a stroll and see the birds!
I saw a vagina recently, and the first word that came to mind was "pastrami,". Nuff said. Lol.
This is how I choose my candidates. If they get big donations from corporations or lobbyists I scratch them off my list!
Had a great couple days in TX. Love seeing families passionate about swimming & spending time w/ , KLJ, MW.
I can't stand a algebraic liar- u tell two good lies hoping it makes a positive.
": #Taurus females are loyal and devoted when in love." that's 10000000% true :)
what? Don't judge.
That's amazing! Guess only 1 copy produced? would love to have one, I bet.
Easter is right around the corner and everything is coming up rabbits! Rabbits can make great pets, but deciding to adopt a rabbit...
I'm actually a speaker this year! Totally excited!
yea, time to watch 21 jump st
The FF thing is "Friday Follow" - some T. tradition that's sprung up. & rt. re: Zen. No One is looking for Zen on Twitter. Yet..
This week is going to be crazy busy but extremely exciting at the same time. Can't wait to sing at Carol of the Lights on Sat!!
Happy Fourth of July! God Bless America!
Idek what to do anymore ... I'm so lost..
Already the best day ever!!!!!!!!!
what to do-demi lovato on replay lolol oldest song ever idek
Why is it always so hot when it's hot? Yeah, I am blonde inside.
Is there a Vegas bet I can take on Tannehill mouthing "That's surprising" a la Brady Quinn if the #Dolphins pass on him? I want that action.
Save me from the library!!!!!
Good things happen to those who wait
Hey Man.Just wanna let u know i think u can do gr8 things here in Jax & have a fun yet productive off..Peace & Keep Rockin'!!
aww miss you! Promise we will see you Saturday as we will be in area. Can't wait :) RT“: come and get! :) we lo
One should get praise for being amazing, not for their efforts. The performers tonight need to learn that IMMEDIATELY.
Thanks! And, hopefully very soon. Our internal mtg was postponed due to Julie's house flooding!
Thanks, Linda!
Yeah it definitely sounds like it.
gud night twitter
Lu Lu's Beehive is packed right now. Great show !!
Junior Knowledge Manager/Business Researcher Opportunity in San Francisco, CA!
There's a huge bug in my house omg.
no problem ;)
- i better add minutes to my cell phone plan
Funny when you hear dark skin dudes saying they prefer light skin girls...lmao shut up and get a life.
Good morning all
It is pretty dope. RT : btw i have the best twitcon
Thank you so much for the shout out!:D
An escort service applying for a liquor licence is based out of a home off McCarran Boulevard.
we're on the case and building up our #futurefund bid
Wow, that about sums it up!
I've never met anyone who has been to Siberia! Are there any on twitter?
I know. It's all natural, no preservatives, and no high Fructose corn syrup. Sounds so good.
your hair looks extra curly today?? Lol
like what?
Bikram @ 13 years old won the National India Yoga Championship. Inventor of 26 pose practice (that's 2x13 poses).
I'm watching mean girls. The manliest chick flick ever
exactly and he in the price range Arsenal like
We're happy to have Brooke join us as a new team member!
When writing/recording you should always ask yourself. Am I just talking to talk or am I giving my audience something useful...
thanks I know im l8!
nice hahahah what you doing??? :)
A few words of encouragement can go a long way
I fucking hate your bitch ass! You better hope i never see you around town.
Lucku ducky. Have fun (;
david rosenthal (lockss): consideration for #digitalpreservation: cloud storage is not falling in price as fast as the cost of media
#FF People we love to follow:
Its not right, but its ok, I'm gonna make it anyways.
New idea for a tattoo sleeve. Get the number pi tattooed wrapping all the way up 2 my shoulder with a piece of apple pie @ the top.
Man I'm bout to be fucked up
That article is broken into 28 pages on the iPhone, which seems a bit excessive.
As I was collecting my trash can, a neighbor was cussing out someone who told her she doesn't pray enough? Talk about missing the point!!!
omg! I wish Britney would come back for a 2nd leg but I don't think she will because she didn't sell out or wasn't even close :/
AROUND THE HORN | ESPN
one day you will find those monkey bars you're looking for. and on that day, you will swing like no girl ever has before! ;)
Happy Friday! Relax at home, sit by the fire, sip your favorite OYO whiskey or vodka and watch it snow ...
lol watz up with that "#zap" thing u guys keep doin....+h and I hope u guys r havn a awesome time in oz
Beyoncé faria duas coisas maravilhosas nessa festa: put it in a love song e baby boy! africa feelings
shower den bak to studio
Driving in downtown St. Pete <<<<
Appalling! Guest priest at St. Huberts says not supporting Marriage Amendment will lead to beastiality.Why was this man allowed in the door?
/ : Let's meet up middle of next week.
The big #calmail fail is just crazy.
I love Daddy Dingus!<3<3 He makes the world go round!:)
Movie night!!!
This lady bumpin' her gums on the phone while her lil' son & daughter walking behind her. What kind of parenting is that?
We have a new server ready - vpn-co21 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London, UK. It's available in your customer area now.
Thank you so much! Your tweet made me happy! :)
With Hearing 's single #BoyFriend !
Watchng Benie Mac Tribute... Comedy Channel
I look forwar to this day all year. It is Talk Like A Pirate Day! "Where there is a sea there ate pirates.-Greek proverb Shiver me timbers!
I have a Sessions Only Pass for sale. DM me if you are interested.
you were the first tweet at #herworld you will be recognized soon and receive a signed copy of shaun's book
MY MONEY ON THE DALLAS MAVERICKS WHO WANA BET?
Before I die, im going to have a tattoo by ami james.
Please retweet. These companies have given in to fascism:
Hi there!
Hope you enjoy it!!!!
Ya I just passed my test
Watching my little brother play T-Ball: Priceless
Can I get a window seat, don't want nobody next to me
Did you design your place? Very nice!
Its fucked that Capt America and The Torch are the same actor... and are int he same universe.
no I don't have too
Successfully left my house and slid down the hill without falling. Jenn 1, snow/ice 0.
Let it flow! RT : Join the bowl cut movement RT : Cut the hair or let it flow???
yeah I caught onto that :) and well I like to see ppl doing what they want with there music and that means using there ideas
did you really just ask that? ABSOLUTELY
ZAYN MALIK. LET ME LOVE YOU. LIKE NOW. K? MY BED IS >> THAT WAY, (;
I get anxious whenever people I know are taking a trip. Airplanes still scare me a little.
Shit! RT Goal for the day: No curse words. I'm almost half way there!
Tropical Xmas Fun in FL starts now with: Boating in bikinis and 80 degree weather! Merry #Xmas eve everyone :)
#whimsicalgates Is a garden gate an invitation to walk through the gate or an obstacle that says "do not enter"
Thank you for sharing! It's a wonderful exhibit.
Was what research based or proven?
hey guys ya know what? i love wine.
Let's go valverde 3 outs to go ! Send them Yankees home lol
#Brewers WIN! #beastmode > Cubs!
If your brother had thrown his Chapstick it would totally be a sign of brotherhood.
My business involves a lot of waiting this month.
B/c I can generally get in and out quickly and I don't feel like I'm in a dungeon.
. charges customer $24 per year if you don't want them selling your phone number to Yellow Pages
that's a bad idea, you can't keep pets at my house
o ight. man we all gota thro a big ass party. we the new faces of detroit
The fact that Niall tweeted the word "girlies" makes me laugh
TGIF from ENR! It feel good!
Head is pounding body aching and I can barely breathe....oh and I can't take any medicine
grrrrrrrrrrrrr, I do hate you!! I was just thinking about that the other day....
Tonight is my quoting night ;) 1. Baby you light up my world nobody else - one direction
Boom goes the bang!
he cracks me up to :D
Working on some basic waveform support to beef up the range of sounds my synth can deliver!
SO, Now what? Show is over. How are we going to spend our monday and tuesday evenings??
Walk with us in tomorrow's St Patrick's Day Parade! We're staging in area 51, at Dale St & Tejon. Arrive by 11:30 to join.
2DAZE QUOTE:"Did you see the,what the hell,that's funny and reminds me to, wait.... where my f%@#*in' cigarettes?" Gary Busey
Uva Ursi in right amts & dose can help bladder issues. But staying on it too long can make the bladder oversensitive. check with your ND.
I needa copyright it...cuz all my homegirls are jockin it..hahaa...u can use it though...ha
from my brain place to my mouth hole LOL
Ha! It's because I wiped out on my bike in a pile of gravel on Wednesday.
#605campus When citing an entire database, how do you let ppl know that it's an online resource?? There is no URL for databases..
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish! Thanks for all the support!
Off to the May Day Parade. I earned my future corndog at the gym this morning.
People these days smh
Brain surgery footage to stream shortly... Can't wait!
Fell asleep with all the lights on last night and woke up 10min b4 it was time for my bus this morning!! Ugh tired/drained
Free shuttle to the UWM game today Bus leaves at 2:30pm. Buy 1 get 1 free appetizers also. Come for lunch and go see the Panthers.
It's the consilience of economics and psychology .
I found a path from the room to the conference that doesn't pass through the casino. Awesome.
Thanks yall for joinin us on this project
bro I'm in the D so wats good
come here. i miss you all!
I miss the Boyz on that stage.
smack a hoe
Great to meet new tonight. Lots of interest in our projects. If you couldnt make it but want to find out more, contact us!
Another nail-biting night in Wisconsin politics. One more set of recall elections next week and it will be over...hopefully.
A5: give avg fan unique access via on-site content or digital interaction w/ players/team
Yep, at least that's the way I understood it to be when I lived there in 1981.
Please, never send me to a camp run by Cathy Moriarty.
I've almost entirely forgotten about lists. Are they even accessible on the mobile app? I stopped managing mine forever ago.
Rondo's got some CRAZY handles
Happy Mothers Day to
Even though it's fucked up I'm still fuckin wit ya.
if i ever go to jersey ill love to meet u and the iconic boyz :)
#blazers are over-matched unfortunately. That they are hanging in this game and series is impressive, though tough to watch.
I wanna be able to believe in you again...
Must remember not to have two python packages with the same name.
An imaginary ontological rebirth ok, but I'd think the appropriation of monkeys by humans would actually flatten their being.
Playing at the UNF ampitheater tomorrow for Sigma Chi's philanthropy event! We're stoked to see all you Ospreys!
Thx! RT : Went through the kids room and made my son keep, throw-out, or donate with clothes & toys. Huge bags to take to goodwill
Im Loving The Vibes Of Life Right Now! Amazing THings Are Lining Up For Me! Music,Productions,And Dope Rhymes!
My brothers birthday tomorrow :D
It looks like you all are going to meet your goal! Congrats!! We're excited to see the film when it's completed!
Back in the US but Stuck in O'Hare due to bad weather
Hope you had a great birthday Kalona!!! xo
Thanks so much for the RT! We hope you had a great weekend.
Holiday flash sale at Jurlique in North Point Mall. 25% off all products including gifts sets. Bring in empty bottles and get $1.
Thanks for adding us to your "Of interest to Southeastern Wisconsin" List.
It's election time and we are running an Adopt-a-Site! Great way to get #volunteer hours. Email for info
Sales University...we leverage STEM in every way to drive learning & enablement. It's been the best experience of my career.
Thanks for Were glad we share this exciting opportunity, keep an eye on the www.coupondeal.com, nothing else make us happier!
Sometimes its not the person u miss, its the feeling u had when u were with 'em
Everyone has the power to inspire and change the world #leadership #leadfromwithin via
BECAUSE THEY LOVE ME <3
TY!!! RT : The next Tweet Week date is set. Details:...
Haha aw. :] And YEAH wow Zerran, how could you forget? ;D Heh, thank youu.
IS FINALLY HOME!!! Thank ya baby Jesus!!! Woo!
It's bittersweet leaving for sure ... but I can't wait to show you what's in store!
if they change it so everyone survives and the reapers shut down and shepard flies away on his sr2 steed there would be 0 value init
Can't wait for tomorrow! If you need to be sponsored for visit the table tomorrow!
Thanks for the call out in your Daily News!
hey where do we get one of those jack off suits? LOL that made my day
"the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" looks good. (that's a movie, not a person) lol
Waiting for my ride to school
I hate frats ://m.rollingstone.com/?redirurl=/culture/news/confessions-of-an-ivy-league-frat-boy-inside-dartmouths-hazing-abuses-20120328
OMG! That sounds so good. I can't wait.
what's that RT
Just found out a friend a mine from CSU passed away this morning. I don't really know what to say but may God be with his family
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 47
its the right thing to do
#PersonOfInterest...who else is watching it?
I was ok yesterday still in pain though. U?
Yes! For sure!
always suspected that re: Kobe beef. At least calls it "American Kobe" (though it still costs $3 more)
so rude. ESP. Bc the phone glows in the dark
if you like the reebok realflex, you will like the Nike free's. Same concept. The 3.0 is the least cushioned, 5.0 most.
lol Jacob loves Swedish Fish
thinking about game theory and the Public-Private Investment Program (PPIP) boondoggle!
if you want to be in a video on my site i'll volunteer my ass
Cont. Open your eyes people! Being gay isn't a choice! And the sky isn't blue cuz it's "gods" fav color. Science exists!
I would say you could do better...but somehow I doubt that would be true...
Baraka is an amazing film!
I love you too baby. More than anyone will ever understand. I love you too much and will always do so...
You might want to actually see the spot before weighing in.
i will do that cool ur the best!
Attractive Double-Sided Neon LED Board!
You don't just stop loving someone. You either always will or never did
Oh well then text me haha! I don't have yo num
I use my phone to record my vocal lessons and he just kept calling. Like some random 40 yr old man
I strayed your #someday perfume on today in honor of you. I love u. Happy 18th xx
Rat Pack Party 4/19-& we want to see you there! Invite to all our twitter pals- email bleu to RSVP! Invite only, limited space!
hi Justin how are you
In Kansas - and MIssouri - the joke is that when the tornado comes, people go outside to watch. Definitely not this one.
hey everyone help us get 50,000 followers and in return we'll host a customer appreciation day with awesome drink special"
Welcome to the Twitterverse Party time. Excellent.
Oh lmao . Nvm i just remembered xD . And yeah you got Me ;o
Hope you booked the commercial... Did u?
RT How to help your friend stay in Physics class even tho' it's hard? Everything in life worth achieving is hard.
& Follow me me on this twitter chumps...Thanks for being social media friends!
cj leslie are going to keep me from EVER moving from Raleigh!
Elements of Successful Organization recent book showing the Learn & Earn Bakers Dozen.
Oh, she's cute too. Follow her.
I just instinctively tune out all together #sportsproblems”
Clipper damn near ran a master plan on them niggas
CANI! - (pronounced kuhn-EYE) stands for Constant And Never-ending Improvement. -Anthony Robbins
I want a koi fish named Leroy McScruffy!! Just a random thought.... Now as you were hahaha
thanks for the heads up! This is crazy!
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.
lol I'm sorry you know I'm hardly on here... That's why you have my #!!!!!!!!!
I LUV U TOO DAD AS A CRUSH!!
Then why'd you make that face? Lol
Thanks to BurgerMeister for donating 5 gift certificates for this evening's event!
“: #Aquarius have the best relationships with #Gemini , but they can also turn out the be the most devastating ones.”
I'll email it to you everybody likes it!
Sounds about right.
The new rule for blogging MMA is that you have to act like a dramatic girl in high school.
He got his ass off cuz I almost told his ass somethings PERV!
Interesting, thanks for sharing!
Writing like a lunatic for the past week. 2 movie scrpts, 2 webisode. And strt interviews for a cool new book. I luv writing but damn...
RT : .'s on Bloomberg's Money Moves with talking hedge funds & social data at 11:35 am MT...
I hate how everytime I move my necklace makes like clingy sounds... ugh.
how are you doing :)
If u r going to drive the min speed limit please do so in the far right lane the far left is reserved 4 those of us with a need for speed
Just finished watchin A Walk To Remember. Movie makes cry every time. One of the greatest love stories I've ever seen in my life :)
eff my life
Quit hatting on #DMX he is a G
The kiddos refuse to go to sleep until they've received their kiss and their hug from mommy, oh how sweet indeed!
watch the first 3 episodes on Netflix streaming!!
Packing in full swing, In Atlanta by evening!!
STRONG MEN is not just about the trauma of abuse. It's about guys being guys and standing strong in the face of tragedy and triumph.
there is only ONE Tucson bus?
Fuck niggas, bitches too. All I got is money, and this'll do.
On The Edge!! Wow... It's just perfect! Love it bro!! Can't wait until your on tour.. Come visit Seattle, Washington!!
if you're going to nyc today, shouldn't you be there already?
Thinking about buying a refurbished DSLR. Anybody out there with advice/experience with used cameras?
GOP is pissing scared this morning.. unemployment drops to 8.3%...they said we tried everything we could do to keep it above 9%..
If u don't like a boy don't go out with him tell him I'm sorry there's other beautiful girls out there and u deserve better never be afriad
Light control systems let you use just the right amount of light reducing electricity usage and extending bulb life -- GO GREEN!
I was thinking the same thing
Time for March goals!!! Woohooo
Mostly I spend too much time reading blogs and tweets - I don't have time for real life....
Thanks so much
"That's my only goal. Surround myself with funny people, and make sure everyone has a good time and works hard."
I LOVE your new sweat shirt<33333333333
Polo Ralph Lauren
Port Sulphur to BC!??! Wow! How do you like the snow!?
who knew he had such a temper?
yayyyy amazing! So excited for you
Just caught the end of 'Marley and Me' on cable. SPOILER ALERT: The dog kills Owen Wilson & Jennifer Aniston in the final scene.
My photos will be on display at Magnolia's Mill in Purcellville, VA beginning on July 1. www.magnoliasmill.com/
Kings of Leon is such a good band. So in sync, damn.
I got 25 new followers on instagram c:
Hi Elizabeth! Thanks for your support. Stay Safe!
A wife or husband is only waiting for the -ex to be applied.
Heck ya! I'ma wake up my whole neighborhood with my screaming!
Great day for a run in the Panhandle and an tour!
It's Thursday. and it's sunny. I feel rich.
RIDE OR DIE BITCHES!!!!
Half the day over already big moving weekend ahead
neep ur picture to add to the catalog
I will fuck who I want, and fuck who I like ;)
Just glad they are back to touring. The caravan was cool but I missed my Alpine stop...
Saw the stack of LPs that our DJ hauled off with him. I'm jealous you get to be there. Will play my own tunes on-air instead..
I loved you, love you, appreciate you, I support, I'm sorry, I waited, I miss you, I cried, I Hate ... But I got tired.
Morning. Twitter:-) not gunna do much 2day:-)
Grace claims Volvo China Open Branden Grace claimed the Volvo China Open title as a final-round 69 left him three shots clear of the rest
not much, checking up on ya & my goddaughter
Happy Veterans Day! #mattress king
A baby committed a hate crime against another baby.
Love how vibrant it looks.Waterfrtont park is lovely but in a way it's just as sterile as the freeway it replaced.
Hi there: can you check your vm @ work? Need info on webinars for DITA Open Toolkit Customization. Thx Raf; or tweet me back!
A B C D E F G someone should told u not to f**k whit me
Faith is a good thing to have
Youth/Young Adults Pastors, use the people who are dedicated & willing to support the Vision, love/worship Jesus & serve people!
#daremattg try and lick your butt?:3
My typo, I meant look good to feel good. But I'm sure you knew what I meant.
Good things come to those who tweet! Get 5 of your teammates to RT #marchforbabies305 and you could win 2 Guest Passes to Live the Tour !
def. funny. People need to chill.
What is up with this Twitter usage limit?
“: A true friend sees the first tear... catches the second... and stops the third #ilovemyfriends”
love you too.<3 you're amazing.
Wow.do I feel like complete shit right now
not exactly sure..but said he is going to be on the show MONDAY!!
I don't have to like her boyfriend ....
Congrats to Jayme Gustilo winner -2012 Seattle Tourism Amabassador Award, loves ya
Why is there so much judgement.... Just by one look at something.
that's funny because I'm an advisor for - maybe we could do a show together sometime
Have you seen the ATM machine / organ mash up in the American Pavilion?
Thanks ! Good to jave you at Camp!RT : This guy...is always busy for is everywhere!
lol RT : Retweet this if you want to see the men found attractive. I'm so serious when I show the picture.
Finished the tobacco road half-#marathon in 1:53:29. Makes all that hard work worth it!!
unleash it and pretend like it is jumanji
I have Emotions. You don't DUH!!
It'll be better than ur typical zombie film w/ much better cinematography. What u saw is only a proposal. RT: the idea has...
That is correct!
I used to hate others, cause I hated myself. My self-hatred poisoned all of my other relationships. :)
living in the dark ages!!!
Is Twitter really that important?
I wonder if snoop dogg hair is natural
better hop on that nap shit
Wish my truck would act right!!! Ready to go fishing with my sweetheart!!! ! I love you!
i may be dumb, but im not stupid in love <3
Yes I did. A couple of times :-)
Avoid posting social game spam on your profile. Doing so may annoy non-players and reduce the professionalism of your online image.
did you get your hair done pinup style? ;)
I never believed those ads for a second, in fact thought the shoes were not safe, but I'm a runner & picky about biomechanics
Don't announce that publicly, "they" will come after you RT Deactivated my Facebook account today. Feels good!
When exactly did I become a NCAA fan?? Great game Ohio/UNC
It is if you select "other document" rather than "transcript" as the document type.
I dont know where im going but im going now are you coming with me
Thr controversy does not come from the art itself, but from the outside.
I heard sometime in August, but there will be a small preview in June.
Don't speak, I know just what you're saying. So, please stop explaining. Don't tell me cause it hurts.
teams don't get too many transition buckets on em... Hard to score on em in half court and they run their offense perfectly
I have! Not in a while though!
- Yeah. Enjoy the sopapillas. That's about all you can enjoy, food-wise.
KMG is pleased to announce the launching of its new website
I will follow y'all back later! Almost to 500!!! Yeeee!
Obama sounds like he's preaching.
learned from watching the 2010 Bruins.
Everything spelt backwards is the same, except live? I think im smart lol.
yea I'm good just a few complications but imma be alright
Hopefully looking for a job, I will actually find one.
no I never heard that one before
My cousin is never gonna wanna go out with me again smh! I blame #Status <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Now this was a long night... Spanish niggas guns but no coke lol what a night.
The fact that I'm gonna watch the Simpson's sunday just because of
What does transparency in social media mean to you? -CS
These ppl on twitter is extra stupid
i just did the "Jai Ho Workout!!!"
I wish it was sunny......I like the rain and all but I wanna go outside
Rush fall tour stops at Target Center
Pass the starch : Historic preservation review board member to JBG architect: Keep your newfangled Seattle ideas to yourself!
yumay! I havent had wings for a while :/
Ah okay sorry x
so high off that cadbury ritenow
they forgot we only human
wow i just realized that when you move to Miami you're gonna have to take all the fan posters done?
Victory belongs to the most persevering. ~Napoleon
I'll dm you to set a date...
special s/o to myself.. i been working so hard at school and at the job.. i deserve it all!!.
you know of my struggle?
Not true..There are a larger percentage of us that can't wait to see you carry..
mlb 12 the show is out at midnight, you getting it?
iknowwww we should change that.! (:
kool, jus gota lay the cash in Moms hands n I'm free n clear.
Keep Milwaukee Radio great, and local culture strong! Donate to during their spring pledge drive. Go to wmse.org or call 414-799-1917
I feel good
l0l sorry for the spam~
Enjoying a breakfast Sam Adams at the airport, the way God intended
Thoughts on ??
And yes, a parent called me out the other day for not covering the speech/debate teams in the sports section...
Everyone. Is wearing red. Everyone.
In Africa today, blind eyes/deaf ears are being healed daily. Tumors dissolved and the Dead are raised. I can vote for that Health Care!
oh :( did u try the shopping part of google
Cuddle weather? Sounds legit!
cheers to u
Back at the scene of the "crime" and no where near as nervous this time.
you are so #Chapstick. :D
of course! :)
I'm going June 18th to Myrtle beach. But still!
... are crafting a magazine.
its too good to be true.... see u later my tweetbets.
Thanks for including me in your paper, Craig!
Happy Cinco De Mayo, stop by one of our many great restaurants today!
I am a cow and you are a bully.
What was resolved for NYS early intervention in the final bills?
Shout out 2 for mixin it up on the soundboard and bringin the WORD of the NIGHT - love ya bro!
OK, enough with college students in suits. If you are a sports fan, turn on actual sports --#FlaPanthers #NJDevils now.
what's your favorite hockey team?
Your face
i hope you know no one cares how many bowls you smoked this morning.
1st impressions are everything !
they will
Thanks for helping me quickly filter and unfollow accounts that haven't tweeted in over six months.
Late registration is open for 24 hours ($5 extra fee)- you have until 7 pm Tuesday to sign up www.gokickball.com/columbus. Slackers.
#BGC8 swag bro.
Spike Lee Looking like Bishop Don Magic Juan...
thought that nigga was doing a reverse lay in
Foucault, on Deleuze: "Do not think that one has to be sad in order to be militant, even though the thing one is fighting is abominable."
"BRING A FRIEND" Week at WIld Workouts is almost over! Bring a friend in with you FREE today or tomorrow. Special offer ends Sat!
Nf follow back
Let's collaborate on research! I am so amped for EBP!
that's what i'm talking about
Hm round one too close to call as of now.
Anybody have the URL for the conference blog?
wow, you're a baby lol. It's a minimum 2 to 6 months between trips home for me lol
I have a Brother HL40-something, too, and it's fabulous.
Totally up to you! I'm voting a little differently than I usually do this time around.
lord hahaha ok..
I've been here for awhile
Oh do go on! RT : is so attractive when it blushes.
that's awesome!!
Prayer need: our manager was admitted to the hospital today. Were optimistic but please lift him up. Love u guys! God is in control.
Congrats to on his new grandson!
Ay...cherry berry chiller from Mickey D's turns the day around! :) rockin' to Hawk Nelson in the car w/mom. :)
Police identify gunman in college shootings OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — One wounded woman cowered in the bushes after the gunman opened fire
Lets go Matt Kenseth!
You better!!! :P there isn't no trying to It
I used to get it on iside elbows, back of neck and knees.
Looking at finding nemo with my son
Thanks for the RT ! Can't wait to see you guys again at Expo!
I really hate these memories, that keep coming back to haunt me..:(
bullpen? demotion? trade?
not baking in the sun, not dreaming of romance, not drinking an iced coffee, not scratching my nose, not being lazy around the house.
A lot of my customers have been asking, how do I get leads? How do I figure out, for example, who all the dentists are that I should...
I missed you to how was the mall?
It's #lemonadeday in #ATX this Sunday. If you see a little kid with a lemonade stand, buy some and help inspire a future entrepreneur.
I CAN'T SPELL EMILY'S TWITTER NAME FOR THE LIFE OF ME.
People need to grow the fuck up and leave other peoples cars alone. If someone were to put a 2012 rock in my car the police would be called.
Oh, we should have mentioned that Chef Woods is at Amaya at The Grand Del Mar.
What's with all the dumb posts?
This guy on #FB keeps bangin on me and my frens sayin outrageously disrespectful things.......
Coulda been watching my Spurs play today. SMH.
great to see you at.
Coffee and back to business
please!!! will be out of town all weekend tho. Next week sometime?
That's why you don't @ the chicks you feeling, will agree them savages be plotting
Thanks, Coach! Season's over now...my son was MAD cuz the last JV game was cancelled. You never heard such language!!!
Blue skies, fluffy clouds and spring time temperatures in the Northeast!
If you only speak one language you have no excuse to suck at it
Had a good lunch with two awesome women tamra roby and raylene Jones( ray) gotta love cheese cake factory
I'm so fed up with this I don't talk to a shit load of girls like she thinks I do I talk to 4 at the most what ever she culd believe whtever
Can we play some D Irish? #come'on
Wow! is making me fall in love with Backbone.js tonight.
dropping a justice accapella in his track following their set. Respect!
“ Some things are just better left unsaid..”
aww fa real? Was there a lot of action?
Isn't it hilarious? "She put a bag on my head...Still counts!"
You can't fool me. Lana Del Ray is Katniss and she won the Hunger Games and that's how she became famous.
later, cause you'll probably eat it all before the movie even starts.
thats because i do love you.. i love you i love you! lol
thanks for the #ff ya'll
Scott on charters: In some cases it's easier to close a school district than a charter school. Charter into license?
i just called the cops youre completely fucked now enjoy getting raped in jail you criminal
Bout. Fuck this bad bitch. !
US: Spirits and wine benefit from brewers' droop - research Beer consumption fell for the second year in a row in 2011, as spirits and wi
yeah Catherine told me :)
-_-“ I'm firing this grill up tho. Soon as I get home”
Why weren't you playing as well?
How could my mood go from a 10 to a 0 in a matter of seconds ... Oh that's right it's tax season
Niall! Please follow me! It's my birthday today! :)
My homework is done...cut out and stapled 24 copies of Alligator's Apples. Love K4 homework.
My daughter is going on your AWB to the Negev this winter. Great program! Toda raba and L'Shana Tova!
Im in Richmond
I wish Someone would take a knife and stab me with it . This day won't end .
Singapore to host the Global Leadership Conf & Expo January 2012!
i dont can i get ?
FUCK those Facebook post that demand a repost. If you dont then your one of the "99% that arent brave enough to! No I just dont Give a FUCK!
All my blood, sweat and grind was all for this time
i dont feel like doing anything besides joining my friends outside in the sun. but, i'm a student...which means i signed up to have no life.
thanks for the introduction. Appreciated.
'Twas bound to happen sometime, Jennifer. ;-)
The attempt at manipulation by the jobs report didn't hold. We are back in the red for the American markets.
one big room full of bad bitches
Bye week for Sporting KC, why not get your fix with Sporting Reserve game! 6pm Swope park - That's 45 minutes from now! Let's GO!
The sparkly & stunning smile that Demi has doesn't mean she's perfect. It means that she doesn't take anything for granted.
Just about to get underway at the Stop, Drop and Roll bout between the Rottenchesters and the Midtown Maulers; introductions happening...
I choose to listen to my inner voice....Choose YOU!!
Sounds good love.. Aye I like it! Mkk #hitmeup :)<U+270C>
Dave has the right idea I suspect. should chime in here with his expertise.
Local surfwear firm dresses Olympics water polo team - OCRegister
And LAKERS WII!
You're love is one of a kind.
I am listening to Cousin Brucie on SiriusXM while Karen and Lee and watches the Knicks and Nets on the Yes Network
Unreal how long some people take at
Starting season 2 of dance academy!
BTW, join us on Twitter at www.twitter.com/rvbuddiesonline.
Maine AG backs officers who fired into car
Anyone know someone in the organizaion "Women in Hi Tech" in Indy?
Eating apple jacks with chocolate milk and its nasty help me and
Yep. I need #TheSoundOfMusic. Final answer,
If you haven't followed , you should! I'll soon be managing their tweets!
so if Lily's annoying father showed up, where was Marshall's mother? and no ghostly appearance from his father?
Who is better: Cameron or Zach??
Hello, On one of our client's places page we need to fix their phone # ASAP, & we don't have the page claimed. Can you help us?
#edchat How do you "plan" hmwk in advance? what if it doesn't apply after lesson? after checks for understanding?
RIP vowels. I mean,.... R1P VWLS.
follow my personal? :D
And that's how you win!
Mom is bedazzling her phone
No doubt #nowfollowing ya back..that means we #following each other hehe
Find out the info for Almost Acoustic Christmas tomorrow! So stoked!
~Kudos on your professionalism w/ the post game interview with Miles. Love how you know what and when to ask.
I had practice :/
Remember Google Plus?
We just got in from hunting. We found a place in Alameda that looks promising. I'll keep you posted.
Enjoying the day with my son and grandson.
When will people think like forests? -- Tom Erdmann
From all of us at ACC, Happy Thanksgiving! We wish you and your families a blessed and safe holiday.
Calipari just looked at Eloy Vargas after a bad play and said, "Do I need to say it in Spanish?".
What a great day of patient advocacy w/National #Nurses United #RNs today in SF! Check out the photos: www.flickr.com/nationalnursesunited
Sorry Justin about the break up it must feel worst with you <U+E401><U+E407><U+E023><U+E411><U+E421><U+E331> ill be your girl though lol
Lol something to remember for sure.
love the new camera obscura! wish i was there.
Stephanie Crickenberger won a 1 YR. maintenance program from Beck-Cohen and Generations!
It feels SO good to have some wonderful sister energies around me with NO drama and ALL LOVE. I love my sisters and yall KNOW who yall are!!
okay wowww , I've been gone for too Long
and Basketcase, Kid A, A-Jaxx, Dyse, Billy Pilgrim, A-Knight, R-Sin, P3FD, Genius Me and J-Murder
I hummed a tune and realized it was that song ;-)!
#pmasetest. The program is 30 hours? Is that credit hours?
:-) that's nice! in what context?
World, prepare for a mass profile picture update from the folks.
I love you too
The only 2 things that California lacks is and .... but hey we cant have it all here in the golden state.
cropped tees and like skinny jeans w/ flats. and really pretty accessories.! but im from Louisville, so my style is casual
Merry Christmas to you and to al of our pals! Can't wait to see you guys!
paper will never get published. have no thorium. future outlook not good.
Why the fuck are people calling my work and not out for christmas
Good to see so many people out at for
A colleague stopped by my budgets covered desk and said, "you know, you should be a principal!" Perfect, since I start my program this week.
you should play Exhalted One by Elevation Worship Ps: today was excellent!
Very Nice!
yeah. Why not. Her.
In Milan. The hotel is in a "gritty" part of town near the train station. Not bad, but not touristy. But the hotel is great, so that's good.
In the long run men hit only what they aim at. Therefore, though they should fail immediately, they had better aim at something high.s
miss you guys! Should definitely come visit again :)
#respect RT : just wanted to honor each of the fallen navy seals....each of my tweets has a picture of the soldier
hawwwwd in the paint!!!
so, now.. i gotta move it and edit faster. asdfghjkl.
Playoff. Hockey.
GO BUY PORKCHOP ON DVD AT TARGET!
Liked strategy habits post, Anticipating/ Interpreting key: PLE:Flipped Classroom:Social Media -> for corporate training?
Watching Tosh.O right now...enough said ;)
Thanks gurl. RT : you know all the social media tricks!
it's usually orange Gatorade for me. And orange... Well, yeah.
Just heard Jerry West speak. He was candid, raw, and extremely revealing. Glad he's with the GSW! (you know, if they ever play games again)
RT : Great to see you on Klout. The more Outsource Service providers the better the quality of data.
Last Nites show was #EPIC Everything is going well with #RepeatMusic stay tuned!!! Shoutouts 2
There is "no evidence" that BBC staff have hacked phones, BBC Director General Mark Thompson has told the Leveson Inquiry into press standa
I love cali already!
you don't even know what I was about to say lol
Sad about the saints . .Geaux Giants!!
so i got this friend i may wanna hook u up with...... id tweet u a pic but i think ill refrain
I need A super freak FOR a LATENIGHT trip!”)
#eatpraylove DO NOT WANT. Just let the book be. Movie deal is the furthest thing from so-called enlightenment.
Today's special: Codfish Head Stir Fried in Spicy Sauce.
Hey Make sure you stop by exotica tonight. Lots of beautiful ladies will be in the building...
cool (y) your gonna get soaked when you get back to century cause I parked infront of shipping :D
Thanks for tweeting about Eric Dompierre and his family's fight for age waivers for HS athletes w disabilities! LetEmPlay.us
I'm trying to figure this twitter thing out. So far so good. The only problem is I should be working on this paper before class....
what.the.Fuck. is that? Lol
ok! Sweet, is he the guy w/ the black glasses?
Misplaced my Debit Card.
ur so sweet! Ur a one of a kind guy(: so proud ur my idol! Here forever I pinky promise!
The difference between me and her? She'd do anything WITH you; But, Id do anything FOR you.
Fuck you goodnight.
There was a sighting....
: Myspace might just make a come-back.
LOL. Kat. Still think blindsides are great? That was epically hilarious. "wahhhh I left before Christina" … girl is a trainwreck!!
Strange weather! I hope everything is alright with you.
no its just stupid haha I dunno what its doing!
my mom keep talkin bout jake from state farm. lmfao I said she was funny and she says "im like jake from statefarms wife" wtf
If you don't like the Beatles, I don't like you
don't have one duh..
it really did rock the joe - course the real draw is the Red Wings playoff hockey! Thanks for spreading the love.
Hey, but Salieri won the Oscar.
2 hours till the weekend... for me anyways
We would like to have your opinion. Vote on our Poll via
well done! of course you wont get this tweet b/c your phone is off. even still....well done
This is so awesome!! I really love the idea of a chronicle like this!
I needa get out of Tejas.
Put some more runners on! #bobbyv invented the chicken caesar wrap.
Good morning america. How is everyone doing today
If you hate inefficient systems, you are seriously in the wrong industry.
Google VITA if you're a union member - they will do your taxes for free!!
ya dude been fun so far
RT : is having the kickoff party for beach volleyball April 22.
Stop hatin' is bad.
Bullsht call by the refs lets go
Draft prospects are NOT flying up and down team draft boards - that's just media/websites adjusting to what they didn't previously know
yup;but I'm working anyways later til close then I mite be going out w/ a friend of mine
Women who engage in regular exercise before pregnancy have a lower risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).
I haven't listened to any of it yet! Waiting for my hard copy :)
my baby mamas can't be disrespecting me!
Having dinner on the road, listening to the #ThisAmericanLife retraction. Like a parent grilling a kid caught stealing, it's painful to hear
lol...My bad!
Horrible Bosses is pretty hilarious!!
I've seen that recently, but I the "vendor" tends to waive away the money
Now that's a perfect plan! Haha... :)
Hahaha :D are you even serious that this is trending :O
Posted new video @ www.youtube.com/sportsinjuryTV
You forgot to mention !!!
Thank you!
lol. High priority EMAIL is an oxymoron.
No signings in the near future. Working on a speaking gig for the fall...
Big team upset win over No. 5 Aggies of Texas A&M! RT Women 2nd behind in the team battle.
what's a large wager.
You don't teach your kids by telling them what's right. You teach them by DOING what's right.
OMG, my 2 favorite girls are hangin' out?!? PC are you cookin' up a collabo with the amazing Katy Perry?
and I wanna kick it with you and your folks too. You got my number too and you stay active so you put it use. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
I need three beautiful ladies 21+ or at least 19+ to join me for a V.I.P. Pool Party with Jay-Z and So many more stars!! There is people tra
Those nights where you have second thoughts about everything & nothing feels right anymore.
Word of the day! friggatriskaidekaphobia - fear of Friday the 13th.
Hope it's on the west side!! RT : Awesome! So happy to hear that Macri's Deli is coming back to B-town!
Metro needs interns! Do you know anyone registered in an academic program who would also be interested in interning from March to May?
thank you good sir
at beckas house!
Making them a welcome sign just so I can sniff the marker
gymnastics quote.. "when your hands are ripped, and your body is sore gymnast get up and ask for more!"
#SportingKC tweets are keeping me awake! That and having #ibelievethatwewillwin chant in my head :)
give me like 200k and ill find you one really fast! And deliver it down the hill to you and walk home lol.
Yeah, it's hard to be a casual Associate, I'm afraid (typed while teleworking in t-shirt and shorts :-)
Its no fucking food in this damn house!
He is so messed up!!
#Nw memphis vs. clippers game
just licensed a photo to - wonder if this is a scam or something to stay current about...
thanks the rain for watering for me all week.
what the what? Are you an iphonist now?
Downside of having a kitchen in your place of business. I smell food and all I can think about is What's for lunch!?
u think u run this #NOT...everybody that matters kno...cuz in the end im always
Inside Dennys getting ready to EAT !
Ask your accountant about donation deductions. Or check out via Google. Good luck!
Very low contrast. Such a nice night!
Yeah im always trying to find more work by Siodmak. Doesn't get aired often.
who's that? Lmfao
Just saw Bryce Harper's first MLB home run on Kid is a stud!
Potomac River threatened by pollution, Congress, new report says: ... the Susquehanna River topped the list of 10 most endangered riv...
Allergies have been a punk ass last few days. Considering scratching out own eyeballs to ease misery but can't stop sneezing long enoug ...
I really need to rest as much as possible before this jam packed weekend starts!
How do u pick your #FFs? Do u follow everyone u list? Do u primarily view Twitter via lists? via Twitter?
waiting for the next Centennial Star to be announced so I can twitter her name all over the www
About 20 or 30 office pools have come through the doors in the past couple days, we expect to be bombarded tomorrow #Mega1/2Billion!
RT : Don’t Boos and Drive this Halloween. DUI patrols this weekend. TEXT “DD GAMEPLAN” to 89829. U could win Broncos gear.
Ra sushi vibe is nice
Today in 1995, Terrorism strikes in Oklahoma City when a truck bomb destroys the Murrah Federal Building.
Having the ability to look into someone's eyes and knowing they are high af >>
With You was so amazing!!!(: you killed it<33 and I love how you were talking about 11:11 at 11:11 <3
Yea, Nigga Lol I Got My 11's Yes!!!
In school. Nervous af
ABC to broadcast special report on Robin Roberts interview at top of the hour, 3pm ET
No matter how things may appear, we must always remember that we have the victory.
You had me right up to the child support part
And shout to everyone supporting
Poor Jeff Fox . He must be in a bad mood this morning! Thinking Kobe has 4 yrs left. He has 1 game left! LOL
Ah.... "Hack your #ass off!" This just keeps getting #better !!!
Sick night. Proud of all those at Arrowhead bringing the electricity back and the players never giving up.
seriously that inner goddess w/ her half moon glasses reading a book can stay behind the couch. PERMANENTLY.
I was being sent a psychic Bat Signal for help. Duh. :p
Final edit is complete, files have been submitted for review, so hopefully by Monday my next book (A Darker Side of Things)
that is so messed up!!!
Q:Single most important step we can take to support #education? A: Families w/ advice &
OMG. I just realized what book that was from! Haha. I just thought it looked like you :)
why did you unfolow me :(
Waking up to a delicious pour over coffee at
When do I get all my
ur awake early today not bad. haha whatcha planning to do today?
Is unleashing the power of cms data like unleashing the kraken?
Yeah. They need to just drop whatever the deal is, because it's small and stupid. Do they know this?
This guy is deadass telling your mama jokes on PSN....WEAK!?
They can say what they want but It'll neva change my view, cuz they'll neva know u the way that I do!
oh yeah, sorry. hihihihi...
email me booking info to !
Little chilly today.. Ready for the week. Its a big one.
you have one sexy ass
haha yeah I don't think she knows the really bad ones.. I approve of those.. we started singing them together lol
NEVER STOP CHASSING YOUR DREAMS
Fucking ignorant pieces of shit. Seriously
omg duck! RT : No that's not my phone vibrating, it's a huge fucking beetle in my room! Hello Nightmares
Every time touches the ball it's a dunk!
If there comes a point where YOU don't KNOW WHO YOU ARE... then stop getting mad at everyone around you for NOT KNOWING WHO YOU ARE either!
fasho , i got you
and there is an obvious denial apparent in his case which I would love 2see addressed. Its an issue thts too often kept silent
looking good sir!
Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true! So never give up on a dream!
At the end of the first quarter, UMass leads Towson, 1-0, off a Colin Fleming goal with just six seconds left in the quarter.
we hope you can make it! Happy future birthday!
I should have gone and crashed it today. I could just wait outside and see who's still around, but life was too busy.
#OloYogurt is only .18 cents/ouce today to celebrate leap year, get to Nob Hill & have THE BEST FroYo in the West!
BOOM Product management should be reserved for liberal arts grads. engineers, geeks can't think straight
please come back
Bonding with my mom :')
We'll be giving away a pair of #Brewers tix every Wed starting Apr 4! RT this for an entry to win tix to the Apr 8 game vs. the Cards!
That’ll make you wanna drink. Say what the heck. Turn up a cold one. Throw down your paycheck. ()
thanks for the retweet!!!
Lol the things my mother says...
found! : Found and at Stark's bar at LACMA. So....
RT : A2. Think about the skills you want to apply in preservation and think laterally to where you could learn them
ok, thnaks for asking you bro?
I love you
it's a beautiful morning Portland. start your morning right with a breakfast platter and a cup of Portland roasting coffee.
Red sox win. Brewers win. Go baseball!
bored as double hell lol :T
these questions u have to ask to ;-)
happy birthday!!
welp mr. christie we can't please them all ;]
James harden is the shit
#raw10 It seems like yesterday when Ice T was creepin across his bathroom flr @ 6am, gttin away from the Police. Irony is: He plays a Cop
Lol RT": Let's bunt with a fat ass catcher on 2nd. Chew that fucking gum"
my sister and husband are having a baby. Any day now, thought it would be today but not quite.
There might not be a senior prom for me next year. #toostressful <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
The media response for #OKC blast response and #TN flooding response helped to shape #LA Oil spill response
why don't you call Joyce and talk to her and then apologize to me? I'm done with this conversation!
Next up: Gayatri Gopinath (NYU, Social and Cultural Analysis)
Hey check out on you tube. You will like his music.
that's a really neat to consider! we'll try it out the next time we have a craving and let you know if it works!
Can't wait 'til after the 22nd so we can start getting new inventory in here again. Need more items for the website!
Welcome to twitter Jaime and Donna!
For monitor speakers to work right they need to be at ear level - DIY Walmart 5 drawer plastic containers $12.00 and perfect height!
My reel is done, my play is starting... finally a break in the creative drought!
Thank you for standing up for Wisconsin's progressive values. Wisconsin--Forward!
It's all your dreams that never came true cause you're too damn scared too try.
I think it's time for a time. TO PARTY!!!
thanks for the RT!
?: what are symptoms of PTSD? Answer-- hypervigilance, out of bodiness and blocking, sleeping problems
im so gonna retweet that!
When you start dreaming about your right hand, then it's time to worry.
History has been proven wrong time and time again. Pluto is still a planet!
that's some really great news.
The recession finally hits home: California Pizza Kitchen has closed their Conn. Ave. location. RIP CPK. RIP.
Did you get it now
Sometimes good songwriters are good cover artists because they can reimagine the song in an entirely new way. -
RT: : #1364. Dress like you're going to see your ex today.
ready for a good night out.
Apparently I'm goin tubing down the river tomorrow.... Never done it before. Should be interesting
day 1....i hate slow drivers. hi oregon
Share with your friends!
I guess my drink of the week will be dirty martinis. Extra extra dirty cause I love olives and olive juice <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
Some days I really miss my little girl. Today is one of them. I am so excited to get to spend four whole days with her.
sounds good, man. Are you a part of this show I'm hearing about on Temple campus on Thursday?
No SHIT! #truth [RT]: *iphone falls to the floor* Breaks screen. *android falls to the floor* Breaks floor.
Im such a fucking night owl
I need a new job that doesn't involve deliveries. Anyone hiring?
I was thinking the exact same thing! Which #'s do you think would work for guys?! RT : Where is the guy version of this?!
my room gotta be cold in order for me to sleep. *shrugs*
Go steelers? I guess?
Definitely a potboiler.
so i cleaned my closet and found alot of dresses!! :)
SAY A PRAYER TO THE MAN ABOVE AND GET THIS MONEY THEY TRYING TO HOLD US FROM!
Please.refer to glossary in manual to understand the terms I use
my mind is all gone
Im too fuckin nice
And so it begins RT : wifi is not working!!
I either need some lovin' or some nyquil...
Looking forward to at 4th & B tonight! Waited so long to see them! Props to for letting me know they were in town!
Tomorrow starts a new week and we will help get you through it! We've been prepping all day to make this week delicious!
want to own organic restaurant in LA and Irvine so I have a cool place to eat and drink
Four 'Dogs' Steal Bait Car, Police Cameras Roll A 15-year-old took a vehicle on a joy ride, picking up three of his friends– or dogs as
Good Morning, hope everyone had a good weekend. let us know how your photo shoots went over the weekend.
The most remarkable discovery made by scientists is science itself.
woke up this morning. shine with the rising sun. 3 little birds by my door step......
Ah you act like your so confused!!!
I need to visit u too!! *hugs*
dead as in dieing of laughter =D
indeed we are. Only your company would make it perfect!! Miss you! & we'll have a chocolate croissant for you ;)
Good times! there will be lots of rock in the next couple of months!!
Phillies double header, Game 7 (Go Vancouver) and free tix to a concert. Pretty good day.
4 more weeks until show time.
"Security is not a toaster: you can't set it and forget it!" said Symantec's Tillett.
you are beautiful ladyy :)!
hot toddies -yes, booze - yes, happy thanksgiving -yes, spaghetti squash? - YUCK
who? who? I am two rows behind you but did not hear this news!
srsly. the ladies of permanent wave felt the same way and have spoken to the editors; are getting it republished.
Can sometimes sympathize with the Tate- we can drown in old prints, slides, lantern slides, negs of collection.
What's the difference between #lebronjames, and the other 3time MVP's?
A1) Dreams are just that ...dreams if we don't open our eyes and make what we have seen a reality.
Did everyone else see that Cardinals win this weekend? Final score, Arizona Cardinals 21, San Francisco 49ers 19. Amazing.
look like I gotta visit again ok
Working 4-8, come get your car washed PLEASE.
You can save that drama for another day hey we're gonna have a good day
thanks for coming out and meeting us at griffs
About 10 mins till our doors open. Beer & Basketball starting at 9? Happy St. Patrick's Day indeed!
Just cuz your confident does not mean lie to yourself, if your a 6 be a confident 6 not a lying wanna be 10...10's are rare
Yea i go to cleveland state bt im out for the semester
:best idea jasontorres
... have already started them ... yours will have a lil' something xtra in it!!!
#Winterfell is the new
Special Offer! We got new special offer on our website. If You decide to purchase 2 beats (lease) You will get 3rd beat for free! Add 2 b
Al Gore sued by over 30.000 Scientists for Global Warming? Looks like this is BS. Let me know if anyone can confirm with a legit source.
#thankyou and lmaoo glad you enjoyed
cheating on your girlfriend with 3 other girls #WillGetYouSlapped .
My mom is gonna kill me when she gets home lolol. So I might as well make the most of the time I have on the earth :)
god morning.
Lmfao at and conversation.
Aging is a Treatable Disease--Available in paperback and ebook formats
-dialogue of groomsmen in a transport van driving through Edgartown (packed w/girls in beach attire): goes even BEYOND
Your proud of stealing? Shame on you. I bet you like getting paid for your work. I guess those people have more honor than you
true but baseball on the radio is pretty much the greatest thing ever
Handyman services available! Give us a call for your small househould and commercial tenant improvement projects.
so my fav tip of the #johnniewalkertasting last nite was trying orangina and JW Red for BYO brunch next time.
Universe, PLEASE bring me a good paying gig asap!
#TheVoice she shudve did it her way !!!
Fuck i can't sleep i need pussy -.-..
best rapper alive!
The weather in Los Angeles just keeps getting better and better... Really a blessing!!!
YOCO (your only chola once) :D
Amusing quote spotted: "CTHULU 2012: Why vote for a lesser evil?"
That last tweet must mean it's time for bed.
Watching an interview, and this page is so #THIRST to show advertisements that the actual video froze up while the audio played. Sheesh.
#lautnermakesme I'm so gonna trend this
gotta be honest. I was a little scared they would look cheesy but they turned out better than I even expected.
s/o 2oo , goodnight & sweet dreams :)
Good afternoon! It's rivalry week here on campus; CONQUEST with Cobra Starship tonight!
I got a silver dime at the bank today! Can't remember the last time I found one. Tellers are so young now they don't know what they are.
you probably rooted for Darth Vader in Star Wars too you sad, sad man.
I woke up thinking I had done missed school..
HAHA ! we will bro ! i'm fighting through it, tell 'em we'll be back soon ;)
I've got some issues that nobody can see and all of these emotions are pouring out of me
"He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else." until later xoxo
no I'm not but thanks
'N SYNC. DRIVE MYSELF CRAZY!
I see u in the crowd! Your turn next!?!! :)
Occupy Detroit peaceful as hundreds march, camp out
Friday punch the sky day.
yes, it calls for some happy hour !
Transaction Done
thank you (:
Haha Carlos Always Amazes Me (:
I hate going to the gym, but I always feel awesome when I leave...dead, but awesome.
I write thrillers, horror novels, post-apocalyptic adventures for teens, movie tie-ins, and short stories
zero traffic on my way to work this morning - love holiday work weeks!
The Skin I'm In by Sharon G Flake. Great read!!
that's basically.. and supposedly.. What the whole video is
look at jaspar
What happened?
ouchie! that's nuts!
Good Morning tweeps, ready to make the best of this Friday 13th.
Taking the boxers for a run! This should be interesting, hopefully they don't drag me into traffic!!
that is a win! Thanks
he won you over with that incredibly soft blanket didn't he?
After party at the MANSION 8110 Springdale
classic. we should use this system to name our band.
holy fucking tits. I just found a picture that I'm in the background of with ...
Oh...no Whitney Huston
I'm drinking tea now! xx
just showed my husband ur video and he went nuts over it! and he just a white boy that cant dance! i was on dance tean for --
hm,...........looking for a red bull right now i need some wings!
yeah but the essay sucks
Mf dnt wanna share n be selfish Ima just get my own den
in hip hop?
Glad to know at the end of the world, #Twinkies are still the best snack.
he loves me. He was just focused on something else at the time
amazeballs! How are you?! :)
So far, this is as bad as Sideways. Just in Europe.
Anything for the #Packers:)
You like reading about science and tech, don't you? So do we. These are the people that make it happen:
ok tell me you saw that one
This new T Swift song feels like Scott Stap wrote it. Thoughts ?
Q do you know what railfanning is?
Well, in that case, ok. I just don't like it when people say "arty" like it's a positive thing. Arty=bad. Artsy=good.
My grandma complains that I take too long picking out books at the library, shouldnt she be happy in reading in my spare time?
Three vs BU. Missed one of the Dec games. And for comparison, I covered 15 BU games.
what bands do you like?
The largest coffee-producing nation, Brazil, is responsible for 30 to 40% of total world output.
Fall out boy sucks
Terrell Suggs, torn achilles, likely out for 2012. Oof! That Ravens glut of pass rushers now looks like a bandaid on an open chest wound
I will B workin in an ass. livin facility the patients R excited bout a weekly church service Im excited bout workin there
Thanks for your #aam2012 RTs! Would have loved to have seen you there.
How do you eat celery? RT : Celery makes my tongue hurt
good job kid.
Severe thunderstorms with scattered tornadoes yesterday. Flurries today. Yeah, I live in IN...
Dear , although its only for a couple days, I am so so glad you are home
Thank you for the books Honi!!!
Pondering going to the mall tomorrow and getting into some trouble ;) I need more jeans :)
Working with students cleaning Midtown. Having a hard time cleaning up after a car crash & finding personal items left behind.
"Because each one of us is, in effect, from a different culture. "
Let me just say everything will be okay
RT : A HUGE thank you to all our writers on #12Most! They are what make it rock!
Chatting up with a pretty cool producer from
Coconut water tastes like shit!
only once i admit. and i don't mean the message to be for them to stop, i just think it's a weird strategy to spark change.
paid or actual attendace? looks like less on t.v.
I ask myself: Who is this cyclist person? Where is the layabout motorist? Am I going sk8r next? Self: Nope. Shiva Nata on a unicycle.
Men & women gossips religiously u would think they're working 4 TMZ or theyre auditioning 2 replace Wendy williams its very contagious
DC needs to sit down
She not your Ex if you didn't fuck her.. Spent your income tax trying to fucker!
Thanks! Jet lag is not fun :(
Well, George Friedman's talk just had a two person Occupy mic check. He's addressing the hack.
youtube/state authentics www.stateauthentics.com
Is there anyway to create a column for a list you follow?
dam it I think the nearest store is 100 miles from me D:
u r an excellent writer....i read u religiously...u r one of the best if not THE best on Twitter keep up the great work
19. False Eyelashes <U+E318><U+E253>
I secretly love getting my teeth cleaned by the dental hygienist....it's like scrubbing the bathroom floor.
Is something about to get pregnant?
This is makeing me cry..i miss whitney..:'(
me too but I hate white people. ;)
i know its gonna come back to bite me in the ass tomoro mornin but goin out tn anyway
RT #Leos are overprotective only cause they wanna make sure nobody hurts you at the end of the day
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Don’t sweat the delay, simply make that task the priority tomorrow.
haha nah that's not what i mean. As in i put "hoes" after bros, but I put my "lady" (singular) before my bros lol.
i know right. they support my breasts to nicely.
I told I'm not waking up for any subsequent fire alarms tonight. She said "too bad, I'm waking you up anyways"
Congrats to on their 2nd place finish at the City Cup soccer tournament. You CAN beat #King! Believe you can do it!
I don't know really..Chicago sounded better at the last minute
Me, in text to my 19 y/o brother: "GET OUT OF BED. IT MAY BE SUMMER, BUT YOU MUST VOTE." : "Already did, Sis."
and I love how shy he is(:
They shouldn't of let me buy it
your welcome
His tone is so even. I'm watching the same plays going, "OMG WTF WAS THAT" & he's like, "Bro, it's alright, that's illegal."
Homemade mac&cheese, grown-up grilled cheese, Philly cheesesteak & fabulous bread pudding. It's all here at the !
Int'l Educators: struggle finding ur #voice @ work bc of #politics / #fear of making waves? Interested in exploring ur #authentic voice?
When your sorbet melts from the freezer not being closed all the way
Apparently not...
Nice. RT : Chalk Up the Town is looking good in Carytown this afternoon. Still time to grab some chalk & hang with
do u think of the funny shit u say before u put it on twitter or u just hit the blunt n it comes to mind. Good shit.
Happy Birthday! XD
just glad to know you all right.
Snapshots from the Road: Amgen Tour of California fans show dedication: To be part of something world class is pretty spectacular," s...
yeah think of a good topic to talk about. but hey yea ur favorite brewer yuni b is batting .256
How can one person be so smart and so funny. Alison Bechdel
Lopez tonight on tbs and TNT wow... This Chicano is to funny. Lmao
can you confirm that your lights on the Empire State are friendly to migratory birds?
happy birthday soror!
RT : "If you lose the drive to continue to improve your skill level, one thing is guaranteed: you will go broke."
Is it too late for a run around Druid Hill Park? It's too late for a run around Druid Hill park.
Going to for with and Huge fans
Bad vibes, be gone
I'm getting back on track. Another post going up at 4am
Out and about in Arlington.
#clbrt2012 we need new tweeters! sign up now! use the hashtag!
“: Facebook is the only place where it's acceptable to talk to a wall.”. No kidding. Nice!
#Drupa starting! Ready for mobil w2p? Aleyant to unveil the first mobile #w2p storefront application. Booth 70B04, stop by, take a look!
- Let's hope so - and hopefully soon!
who ? and follow back
Delicately maneuvering my way
you better throw Saturday a proper welcome party in GB. At the very least, a welcome tweet will suffice.
Lots of ice overnight... below freezing temps with the rain, so the wires and trees are coming down a bit. You okay there?
Hah. Well, there's some of that here too...
What to do today?
Celebrate today w/a romp in the sheets! Having sex 1 or 2 x's/wk increases levels of immunoglobulin A, boosting your immune system.
Portrait of a Lady is an ADHD-cakewalk compared to Wings of the Dove.
Having a thrill putting music on my phone and texting my dude.. Yup das my boodah bodi
Food shopping with mom dad and sis
dang, kitteh having bad reaction to feline leukemia vaccine: won't eat/drink/move, meows loudly when touched. sigh.....
Gonna keep thinking positive, an not care what people think about me
Home just in time for #ModernFamily - yes!
Where are you right now?
-- yes, look me up in LA! i'd love to hear your thoughts about how youth are building skills by proposing mobile apps
I would like to introduce Payline Data to your company. Check us out!
looks like someone needs a
#IRemember when I was obsessed with I still know everything about her..
All i do is ME
They are able to see the negative indicator on ours (peoplesoft). Shows up as a red circle w line through it.
I agree that hispanic is not a race however socially we have made it a race. However I think the big issue is how
Happy to do it. Great message.
It's on. can attest to my Ping-Pong prowess.
Change your thoughts, and you change your world. -Norman Vincent Peale
justin dancing in that rehearsal video tho >>>>
Rory is making his move, I think he might pull out the win @ Wells Fargo Championship.
what a fool believes.
Is finding an agent a must for successful publishing?
The Old Dirty Bastard .. Serious ...
I ordered pistachio icecream today &was about to pronounce it the Croatian way bc I would always order it there at tiki bar lol
Ugh thursday needs to hurry up.
Itchy, red, watery eyes and nose with boisterous repetitive sneezing.the evil #springallergies are back. D:
Shy Girls Always The Sexyy Ones
4 days left of school. Thankyou based god
You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness.
Targeted students and teachers
#HappyFriday! Who else is ready for the weekend?
Of course, 'Targeting Bin Laden' is on right now. And almost over. Damn. History Channel if you're interested.
im Gone to bed ' ready call my Lovly cousin terrence .
Do you need someone to pray for you? Our prayer team would love to. Post your praise report or prayer request to our wall...
"It doesn't matter how hard you fall down, what matter most is how you accept the pain and how quick you stand up"
I'm not either, and am glad I went. I think you'll find you have something to contribute, plus you'll learn a lot.
Hope all is well, we are following your tweets so put out some great ones! Have an awesome day!
Me n my babe need sum alone time......away from the madness in pgh.....
Enjoy following your #golf tweets! Do you have a favorite destination course that you like to visit?
are you still in business?
The Old Spaghetti Factory!
Watching Shahs of Sunset with Viggle Mon | 7PM | Bravo Get real rewards just for watching TV.
I think I will head off to bed now Tweeples! Much Love and tomorrow is thursday! WootWoot!
reading first pages of "The Dream of Perpetual Motion"
Ready for this reading.
her bday is monday :) and im getting her some shoes she wants.
and now something I never thought I'd say: I am moving to Ohio. See you soon Cleveland!
stay clear of the heimlich!
Dean Sherman always asked or still asks: "Are you part of the problem or part of the solution?" Today I am going to be both!
Lol but its for my group so if I don't do it my group gets a bad grade!
RT : Follow my girl :) she's awesome show support :)
If you work with singers who are not an ocean away, I'd suggest writing for them first, OR find a bb at your end...
Gotta go with half mile hill as favorite tune off new album. Love that song...
Know someone that needs computer help but just can't afford to get their computer checked out? Let us know, we give discounted rates!! ^jl
Good luck with the interview!
did you make it to the party Saturday at buddy's? I didn't - got sidetracked #backchannel how was Mother's Day?
Will be on the air at 10 - 99.9FM V100. Hope you'll join me! :-)
The woman doing my pedicure just placed my foot in between her Asian breasts. I didn't know what else to do but wiggle my toes...
Been listening to a lot of Morphine lately. Let's bring back 90's style bohemian sadness.
not fully opposed to Walker policies, but not seeing job results over 12 month sample size. IL adding at faster clip.
I'm clearly not an expert on Canadian gov agencies but it seemed to me that the innovation/project was under proposal.
I love Girl Scout cookie delivery day at the office. It's always a fun surprise when I realize how many cookies I've actually ordered.
Tweeting During Church .
Thank you players for naming your corporations crazy things, it makes afternoons full of contract writing interesting
Merry Christmas Nialler
Jessie, you really are taking pills!?!?
Track meet
is my favorite.
recorded cello on one of my songs earlier today. score.
Not sure which is worse: that I actually went to Walmart to buy Tater Tots or that I spent $100 and came home without the fucking Tater Tots
Thanks for the ReTweet Kaiser!
Blah, blah, blah, tamron, blah blah free dinner. #work #$23ironfix
Regardless of the circumstances, #trayvonmartin was an unarmed minor. Zimmerman shot an unarmed minor!
what kind of magazine ...... lol
I need something to keep me awake right now.
woot!! attn: RT : I'm off to Milwaukee today. No madtown action for me....
can't wait to see err
S my C beach.
Sorry about about the shoes my Facebook account was hacked I'm currently working on the situation
thanks for following me and good night u guys :)
Way to Eat My Bubbles at the Chapel Hill meet! Great job, #JMU Club Swimming!
headed to Vegas next week for a wedding, and I know next to nothing about that city. What should I do?
and Fish too... The weather kid this morning was AWESOME!!! How funny!!!
Went to work sick and now I'm out of work and feel worse. Gonna take some medicine and rest. Ugghh.
Mom Maribona, Chunchi Mombell! Our upmost gratitude for your support and encouragement! Wishing the best for you always!!!
#PBS Managing your Future. Solving your problems by designing your own solution...and then print it.
Best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. 2nd best time is today. Take action on the life of your dreams today!
I JUSST CAN'T SLEEP
Murphys law tonight! #Sunnyvale still looking for a new guitarist. According to the ladies he has to be hot? Seems fine.
Kenneth Cole Reaction Leather Messenger Bag . BEST IN THE WEST DEALS ! ONLY > $99.00 #
Barbour: We need to develop better definitions that are portable, as well as develop attribution types
THANK YOU ALL for following me on TWITTER www.createmoneyweb.com amazing sale $9.99 tell all your followers to check it out
Freddy Garcia is displaying Mitch Williams-esque control tonight.
i just want to embrace an enjoy every moment
Pam ... again I saw it and thought unaffected pathos
Oh stop flattering me!
I think my fish thinks my hair is a dangerous sea creature. Whenever I brush it or blow it out near its "tank," it goes crazy!
hahaha :) well I don't study and go to school for nothing haha my tweets are what ever haha I just talk to pips and less mind tweets
I turned on MLB Network, and the same episode of quick pitch is on from last night...
Virtual embedding: cost-effective, isn't just for distance learning, is where the students are (LMS).
Facebook just bought patents from IBM. That's 750+ now. Maybe they can monetize them like Kodak if the IPO doesn't go well.
So gorgeous outside! I love this city and the weather and the people so much!
The granite slabs are going in today at my clients' house!! It's going to be an exciting day :-)
Ouch a home opener loss. time to drink the loss away with
I just almost died swallowing my gum.
rt if u can't wait for #someday to come out in 4 dayss !
Bel Canto at In The Red. 7pm. April 23. New web main page & FB event too! Fancy!
now you missed a good show last night!
The freaks come out during SFO try outs Watching "America's Got Talent" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Just saw your post in Edsurge about NYC Meet-up. Can we connect on some ideas I have about a DC group like this?
live life the way u want it
hm...probably~
AUP carries SkateGear, GrafittiSupplies, LocalMusic & Clothes. We host events &help artists build their brand.Stop in & c us
FYI:Payments received by a person persecuted by the regime in control of the Ottoman Turkish Empire during 1915 to1923 is not taxable in Ca
#MMA + my music + family and "friends" - haters x my FANS = HAPPINESS!!
Yeah thats how I am about here. That junk be different every time!
I think #Dolly and I would get along just fine =)
kids always win! :)
oh that's ok ! =) hah do you have itunes?! and i am not too bad! =D
is especially wonderful this morning. Been waiting for Red Line at Gallery Pl for 20+ mins...
Did the usual round of relationship counseling. Before pheromones and dubstep night kicked in, and the promenade began...
#AskMotionless Why is your music so amazing???! (: i love you guyss
Okay, so what if I have seniorities.
didn't even text me back!
Tennis is the only sport where its bad to get love
I feel your pain. I thought kids were asleep last night at 8:30 p.m. I thought wrong.
Interviewing to pump up Jared on the sidelines. Mascot.
Fuck yes! Crunchyroll has an app for the ipod. Life = made.
Mom- "Are you all fried or somethin?" NO! "Stan, I think our daughters have been smoking marijuana." #shescatchingon hahahahaha
Bout to go #fishing :) woo!
Thanks for stopping by this weekend!
Math MCAS tomorrow..
that helps, thank you!
dig into the graphic novels. Better then the show and more black people in it.
Slapped Andrew in the face today at lunch... he got mad ode... but then he told me to meet him at the bus stop soo i did and he just started
Not going to lie, just a little disappointed with the season premiere of #MadMen. Too much hype and anticipation? I think so...
A cool 10G my friend
gives me hope that maybe someday I'll be #mensaplusplusplus like you. Still young, y'know.
Damn she fine, but complains all the time ...
because I love you and I think you're amazing ;)
I googled the address & as far as I can tell, it's a condo development, fairly high end.
I Made this twitter for you. <U+2665> Follow Me!?(:
“: well, I've run outta reasons. . Reasons why i need to be here anymore.”are you the one I met.
Already wanting to shoot someone at work. At least and come in later <U+263A><U+263A>
Congrats to Learesi!
#ABQ #newmexico Anyone but me lost their DirecTV signal? >:(
#ThisSummerIm going to get tan! <U+E056><U+E328><U+E04A>
15% of college students visited library daily in 2005, 10% in 2010
BONNE ANNIVERSAIRE TO MY BEST FRIEND, MAIN HOMIE, AND FUTURE ROOMMATE !
oh Cornilles drops the names Timbers and Jeld-Wen during the debate
#CollaborativeLaw - Conflicted spouses can protect the children.
and see the movie "Queen" the sequal to Roots
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Someone Somewhere Is Out Of Place...Because There Place Is Next To You."
Registration on WEDNESDAY?! fucking WEDNESDAY?! ARRRRRAAAARGGRGARARAGRGAAAAAARG ...seniority my ass.
I make an effort everyday 2 be the man I'm supposed to be tomorrow....
baseball score?
totally uncomfortable. Might be good for a plane trip though.
That was so mean! xD
It should be illegal to have to do homework on your last day of spring break!
Differing views on #healthcare - let's hear more about
#Trivia Monday warm up! What was Stan Mikita’s number when he played for the #Blackhawks? Remember, #Trivia starts at 8pm.
Subway and Arizona for the night. No homework because of the MCAS tests. Sweet.
lets go bills!
Well that's the last time I tell #ThaiCafé for hot pad Thai. Waste of a good meal assholes.
Ever look back and think, am i gonna be lookin back in a year and thinkin the same thing ?
yes and they are both clear. Which seems like a miracle. But it is Easter weekend.
God is really convicting me tonight of who I am. I am so humble that my faults are being revealed and that I may be cleansed of my sin.
haha I'm sure there is. I can't think right now but then again I didn't watch every single movie..
Administrative Professionals Day is Wednesday --- mark your calendar & come get a Simon Giftcard for your admin! T&C's apply.
I did a survey for my MA thesis a few years ago, and most people didn't know they would lose the right to their work in 7 years.
I know of 2 country songs and no other songs that include the words "Fu Manchu." What should I do with this information? Is it significant?
Go give us a 'Like' on Facebook! http:/facebook.com/OfLegionsOfficial
At the Autobahn Country Club in Joliet...please let us drive on the track!
Sweat out your problems.
Wishing everyone a fabulous week!
"Great communities have great art" - Anne Parsons, Detroit Symphony Ochestra
its last minute things like this that get me so mad.
Marcel Dzama! Awesome violent bicycle riders.
My Man! RT : Shout out to !! That's the homie. Everyone follow him
Want to start planning for disney next year already ^.^
My lord can we get one spring game without rain! Still excited about year 3. GO CARDS
My parents called me Jan. I'm from Amsterdam. Who is Mr. Morgan?
UPS has the best cargo pilots in the world, because it's really hard to fly with the doors open.
Is ready to party
weel everyone tomorrow is the last day for tribeca film festival
Its simple, stop supporting racism and sexism by buying ads on Limbaugh's network. Don't see how u can support it
his disdain for the Pacer organization has been obvious for years.
Guy on plane is surprised at how many seats are full. Hey douchebag, I am surprised at how u just can't take a hint.
Thursday 12/29 7pm Waypost Cafe (N. Williams, PDX) — come see our new short film, THE WORLD OF MISSING PERSONS.
MIAMI HEAT!!!
snap, I'm listening to DJ Shimamura's 1hour Hardcore Mix-- Makes me miss the days I would party at raves and chiz.
I cannot wait till finals are over.
Listening to Sly Stone...It should be a crime to be that funky...
Sad story: reports Micah True aka Caballo Blanco, famed US runner & friend to the Tarahumaras, is found dead after going missing
IL does have a lot of hard work ahead!
Fascination, at some level, is based upon survival. And to survive, you must Fascinate.
Hey guys! Follow Friday time! Include us in your Follow Friday and we'll include you in ours! GO!
thank you !
#FF - interesting tweets about film; - links to interesting articles smart guy with new blog
Highest level of stress post-work? NBA 2k12 battles w/ that go to the last shot.
thanks for clarifying that. I am a HS and NCAA official and I thought they messed that enforcement up. You cleared it up 4 me.
I wonder if the ladies at the club can hear what the songs are saying about them.
Playing the innocent victim. Tsk tsk tsk. If only everyone saw the REAL you.
I'm good how are you lovely?
Cloud Migration: CloudComputing
I want to date a
Marjorie Ostrov from Friends of B'nai Abraham Synagogue presenting efforts to preserve the vacant synagogue including Reuse Study.
Happy Halloween!!
Little ballpark trivia: Wrigley Field is the last Federal League ballpark standing and it has basically stayed advertisement-free.
honestly, how many Ps need to be in the word inappropriate?
thanks for the advice
and the 1 who almost cut my hair that is his 2nd time
We're fully recovered and ready for final day of #SSE12. Lots of fun with the candy crew!!
wow really...
Take care never gets old
I have a layer of dirt completely covering my face.
A huge dump truck flipped by my house <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0083>
Love it when Fridays are terrific and productive
Looking forward to a warmer spring this year.
Welcome back spring season! is amazing!
UH HUH YEA RiGHT!...
Today's BTU inspiration: "Loving people live in a loving world. Hostile people live in a hostile world... Same world." ~Wayne Dyer
its 11:11 in Holland. So make a wish and say 'i hope you come true'
Had a serious moment with the bois runnin big rigs off the road
hey hey love! How r ya?
Just glad mom and dad aren't on twitter.
We just bought some ad space on Ragamuffin because it's good. That is all.
Time to watch a movie. Ta ta ta for now
Im Just Happy To Be Here I Cant Complain, Living Life Staying Afloat Feel Me
Gosh darnet Nicki should have won!!!!
So tired. I'm ready for bed already.
I'll always be here for you. Til the very end
Sounds good!
you take matters into your own hands
Success - The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
I burp a lot - i's gots ta work on that around the male pups.. I mean... Look at my body... $$$ and how could you not love my face?
#MagicCity is MadMen meets The Godfather ;-}
Sure! But it's perfectly OK if a coal company does it for #MTR and Holy Profit. See Matthew 23:33.
smh...anyways miss you. You got my b day event marked on your calendar right?
RT : Great Day for DC Sports ...Caps tie the series and the Nats look likely to sweep the Phillies!!! Go CAPS Go NATS.....
I agree/Adobe states, "Students should be active authors/creators, not just observers of digital content." re: industry-std software
If you every need to settle something between you and your partner, a game of Rummy 500 should do the trick.
You're a dead horse?
dont awee me i want a yes or a no
OMG!! Will you be MY valentine?!?!
yea but there all kind of at the same time and I have to be up really early for and aud in the moring
You tell me.
Thank you!
Hitting the conference wall. Dinner time.
Just tuned into Manchester City vs. Manchester United!
take me down to the paradise city where the grass is green and the girls are pretty
If you're not eating corn chips with everyone else, it's one of the most repelling smells ever! Barf.
I have almost no followers, but am a proud directioner. Could you RT for this loyal fan?
Remember "smear the queer" from grade school? The #GOP and want to literally do that.
What did you do lol?
Austin is Sexy and I RT ;) :D
Which is not to say I support him waiting for political reasons instead of doing what he knows is right, right away.
Dude hanging wearing Spanx is the bomb! Pics are hot all 'round.
It's Earth Day people, so smoke trees!
Alan Kay: In 2003 only 31% of college grads can understand Common Sense. Colleges are selling degree. Remember Academically Adrift?
Happy Birthday. Stay away from Larry David and his kebab stick!
Lunch needs to come sooner. I'm starving.
as a consultant and trainer, it is HALF of the work I do.
W/ gas nearing $4/gal & the weather turning nice in #roc, it's time 2 get the bike ready 4 the daily commute. I hope I remember how 2 ride.
hot water, shaved ginger (1 teaspoon) and honey
Nothing but LOVE and SUPPORT to you!
Interesting. Post from FB on Mayor Cook on Border Talk didn't post, nor did Irish Mexican Alliance yesterday. Had to manual enter on Twitter
Lucroy, wait for a good one.
i think we said that in stereo...
mom's watchin stream of bad movies like Ghost Rider #1. She actually said "this was a GOOD movie," with misplaced passion.
Bahaha... why must MD be all the away across the Pacific Ocean?! (feels that way)
keep safe
this account worked. cody is coming to Indiana!!
3d DOM inspector and live style editor in the new #firefox. cool.
hahhhahaha I need to hear that!
1648-- the lady next to me talked on her cell as we were beginning our landing and guy next to me plays WWF. Glad to be on land.
It's $FB week. Everybody get out your checkbooks and warm up the trading account.
It's a sign! RT I saw a robin this morning... this must mean that Air Force is about to join the Big East !!!
ARE YOU KIDDING?! I WAS WORKING THERE ALL NIGHT! I got off at midnight so maybe 10 mins before you arrived??
of coarse not scare or scar! haha
layin down I have FCAT tomorrow
I am twitter following the shit out of everyone in this room.
Its to close to prom for you to make me mad..
yes you are... Keep up the good soulfull work!!!
we'll say I'm investing in America's future? That or I'm kind of an ideologue... your choice.
Im trilla then a bitch I cant even lie
Watching #RAW and drinking bud select 55. Gotta watch the figure.
listening to radiohead and zoning the hell out. must. keep. writing.
Just another day in north.
Sherrod is one of them. He had 115
Anyone know of any blog-host-peeps who might want to review/interview? There's cash in it for you! (ok, not really, but still!)
“: #Aquarians can daydream all day and still finish all their jobs”
Katelynne is bad af to be part mexican ;)
God the sound of my alarm just really pisses me off I swear
Thank you Tums, job well done
thank you so much! You rock! :D
No matter what cool time saving gadget I use I still end up wasting my time on twitter/facebook...maybe the problem is me...
$5 off regular tickets to see 'Ana en el trópico' Call 202-234-7174 to reserve or enter code tropics12 online.
Happy Hump Day!!! Come in tonight and watch NHL and NBA 3 elimination playoff games.
Thanks for the RTs! Good Monday to you!
The odds of Dem's holding the Senate are getting better with an #ElizabethWarren Senate run appearing imminent
#imagine Zayn: Did u have fun last night with *your name* ? Harry: yes she screamed my name so loud. ;)
LOL!!! Caller wants to know why they just don't hold the creator of the Internet liable for frauds ...
Hard mud is called shale. Soft mud is called gooey.
hannah went on friday i was like wah
was a nice shot. I was sitting right behind the goal
RT 38CashOutShawdy Never Too Much Never Too Much #Money ......
The clashing of two worlds: a life-pattern of frugality and end-of-the-year capital expenditures.
Earth Day and every day! Happy Earth Day!!!! Consider natural remedies from for pet care!
Divide each difficulty into as many pas as is feasible and necessary to resolve it. Descaes
well I say more power 2 u :)
I too hope they do.
Maria on dancing with the stars is so annoying.
#mysuperpower sleeping with my eyes open in class
Wish they had a :10 runoff for fouls about now like the NFL.
#IRemember when I killed myself and you were mad at me but I don't even remember why I killed myself or how you forgave me lmao
Feels so good 2 b off
I don't think you can overstate the importance of Seau to San Diego. The only other pro athlete with a bond as deep is Tony Gwynn.
Hi! What's up?
they will probably fire me ._____. i've missed TWO days this week. i'm surprised they havent already.
We have a 10 day free pass just for mentioning this tweet!! Check in on facebook and see what deal we offer today!!
You're really pretty (:
so cool!! What an amazing combination of talents in a place that needs a new face (brewers hill).
If I followed you just now, its because I know you in my other life as a freelance writer. Thanks for following & reading A&G!
Just passed Rose Acre Farm in Illinois. I purchase their #eggs often.
Let me fix that for you, style: spotify:track:41fSiYyZRisC9mR6e43OLb
Murrow College named amount nation's top 25 Journalism Schools per: NewsPro Magazine No specific ranking assigned to those top 25
ConfirmedRT : I'm hearing reports of brian shaw wearing Maseish shiny suit jacket. Can this be confirmed
I need my own space ; this is ridiculous .
Rest in a beautiful place Whitney *(*.
Lakers are struggling against a Denver team who has no proven star and expect to beat OKC lol? I expect the Clippers to lose tomorrow fyi.
When you're online schooling locks you out of an exam..
Good evening all! been a busy day, taking a short break then back to work :)
What comes, is called. ~Ki Longfellow
How can u be wit someone but u neva hav time 4 them? How can u say u wanna be wit me 4ever but da time we hav now I dont get a txt nor call?
oh my. Now that's a memory you have. Promise Ring have a great set going.
your coke zero has no caffeine? Mine has like 60 mg per bottle...
SIT down & RT ALL DAY...
it's not what you say but how you say it!
Child's poseur.
HUNGER GAMES.... AMAZING
I let my cousin's daughter play with my Barbies once and she thought their clothes were hilarious lol legwarmers...
Doing okay! Son and hubby caught my lingering cold though, so taking it easy today.
I have no idea how I used to do it.
You live in PST or something god-awful like that, which is really EST but reversed.
do I want to do prep work today? No. Will I? Yes, but I'm going to drink afterwards.
3 more GREAT and accessible agents you should follow on Twitter #FF --
Ohh I don't worry bout that shit no more !!! Trust.me
Thanks for coming down! Glad you had a good time. Hope to see you soon!
Sophocles~ Time eases all things.
I need mental help I swear lol
ah cheer tryouts tomrrow.! (: I AM PUMPED.!
Finally read The Imperfectionists, and now I see what all the fuss was about.
No one asked me either.
I think Kennth Branagh is doing a fine job with his "Wallander" Masterpiece Mystery! series on PBS.
Where? At a South Side Goodwill?
As noted on FB, whoever built that base needs to learn2play, or at least to choke off their ramp with a pylon or something.
My tears actually look like purple rain.
the militarization of police doesn't exactly say liberty, or freedom, does it?
you just got sucked into the vortex! Welcome!
Found out going to Baltimore in June for business, hope to do some #genealogy research and history sightseeing. Recommendations?
Miami Jackson, Jackson Jones series, Ziggy and Black Dinosaurs, Scraps of Time on Negro Baseball League and Black Cowboys
Worldwide- need females for 4min self recorded ass shaking video. Pay ranges from 300 to 1,000 dollars. Get paid today via Western Union.
I am sure she is proud of all you have accomplished. Thanks so much!
VA Governor Bob McDonnell is SO OBSESSED with gay people & women's health & sexuality that it makes ME wonder about his own sexuality!!
I knew you would. Can't believe there's only 1 Epi. Left! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> “: I love Scandal now, btw!”
u just said I dont know what type of shit you like. But u about to take this convo to another level. I'll explain in person
holy crap. I would wear that in a heart beat lmfaoo!
Merry X-mas to you
me too!! Lol.
Im single and drunk
Absolutely - and probably at the airport too!
Next Alternative Inc. manufactures and distributes emulsion-fuel, and distributes emulsion-fuel machines N4H
Damn I have a serious headache
everyone is perfect the way they are
No bones about it - great evening gala with Kathleen Sebelius!
You Can Just . . .Suck On My Wiener ! -Butters' Voice Lml
i really feel sorry for mrs. herman cain...i am not sure i could have endured it all. sad.
MOAR RUNS PLEASE
that's where I live now
o for reals?D: sucks wat grade r u iin?
Nice choices! :) Funny we were expecting everyone to say PBR budlight or corona haha
Co-wash, DC, Shea Butter, Bantu Knots. My hair is now air drying and I swear it just said "Thank you for loving me up today" :D
Why chase something you can have. . . The boy is mines
They do but often with the mindset of pointing & clicking to get at something they deem important.
omg ginny from hary potter is engaged. this officially makes me feel so old lol
Have a box of Kleenex nearby if u'r watching the tv show parenthood!! Good stinkin' night!
At least it doesn't end that way (in the episode). I effing hate that show.
We are changing up the Midnight Madness this year. What date would be better for you? August 18th or September 1 (labor day weekend)?
Agreed. The speed at which things get shared on Twitter is wonderfully fast.
I didn't get an email! Haha
Smokin Friend: "you goin out tonight?" .... You: "maybe after the game, but iono, i'll see when i put some bread on it."
Reflexology uses hand, thumb, & finger techniques to stimulate certain areas of the feet that correspond to various parts of the body.
Oh boy, I gots lots of goodies to help kick off Republicanfest! I suppose I oughta get on the People's Computer, eh?
Would I be a hot news anchor!?
You ever notice how albino black guys all sort of look like Andy Samberg?
On my way to the park to show off and get fucked.
merry christmas to you as well.
What topics would you like to hear Long Shot Podcast take on in Season 4???
Really? BofA charging me to user money? $5.00 a month debit card usage fee? @#%£&€¥!!!!!
#20factsaboutme my best friend from kindergarten is still my best friend today
Jmac with the least run support in the league... Showing today
Eli Manning hosting #SNL tonight.
Right By My Side video is good , looking sexy ; )
Thank you Secy Sebelius for mtg w/ us to discuss the #disability programs at #CDC. We look forward to continuing to work with you.
I love you. And your partially bald head!
Thanks for following check out www.createmoneyweb.com
Things are back to normal now. Thanks for your patience!
s/o to ... im alive bro i swear!
Odd how so many are treating #IAcaucus like the SuperBowl instead of the early season scrimmage that it is
So excited about going to see the Red Sox play atTarget Field today! Any tips for visiting the park?
two weeks? Wow that's impressive! I had a false start a couple of years ago too, but this time I'm determined.
how have you been?
you'll be scared for the whole 2 yrs, that's what we do! but we'll do it with a smile and mascara on!
Hi Carrie! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
what is up my dude!?
and thanks for the wicked fast response!
The people that call racist are more often than not racist. #Instant defamation of the accuser
Mothers Day Brunch $29 all you can eat special! Mother's Day buffet!Please contact us to make reservations!
yours is pretty good too!
The grass always looks greener on the other side.........you still falling for that BS
I refuse to take sleeping pills now, and theres no other way. But, really? Damn. You must be exhausted. Arent you sleepy?
Tree. Homemade chocolate cream pie. Ron Burgundy.
If Greece exits.. 1st flood drawn.. Germans et al will easily release other countries from Eur zone. in fact resist funding others
After watching The Grey last night I have no desire to travel to alaska.
person believes she/he is doing Gods work-I guess ur opinion about what matters is not important to him/her
Do the ricky bobby , stop ~
I know what I want to say, I just am not sure how or even if I should say it.
Bob Seger keeps popping into my brain. Bob Seger energy all over. Bob Seger if you are listening, you should rest or have vitamin C.
Dad: You're going to meet 1D Me: .... Dad: .... Me: .... Dad: Haha! Fooled you!! Me .... Dad: SOMEBODY CALL A DOCTOR! SHE'S NOT BREATHING!
LOVE SUCH AN INSPIRATION!!! YOU GO STU!!!
good morning twitter and cenation and wwe fans john can u follow im a part of cenation and i always will be ill never give upjohn
Did I mention that the Third Man is my favorite movie?
i have asian-ish eyes.
Now time for FIFA
Soylent green of course
"By commoditizing meaningless content, you're actually hurting democracy." Inspiring talk from
please follow me (:
Automatic out and the human rally killer does it again. Thanks Craig!
April 2012 Special – Buy 1 Belladerma Beauty Benefits membership, get a second one Free – Perfect Graduation or Mother’s Day gift!
I would be too if I wasn't here!
The new #gummy background has been approved! #ICS it is - with a touch of
best part of the show was
Awww thanks! Hugs! :D
I filled out one and I have you coming out of the East.
life's a bitch but I caught her.
Town Hall Brewery makes nice beers, & I had a really great meal at 112 Eatery (pricey mains, but reasonable sandwiches/apps)
I keep singing #hangover far to fitting today
Can Bulls beat Heat in 7 game series?
I won't be comfortable. I mostly wanted you all to see that I left no stone unturned!
No problem :D
10 in a row for the Heat....but Dallas and L.A will be the biggest test of the season for Decembers version of that team
Would like to send you a direct message, can you follow us?
I hear that . God is great
where are you at
"i heard your good at algebra. Can you substitute my "X" without asking "Y"?"
Holiday treat- , televised on ! , don't listen to , you don't remind me of a muppet.
Mostly it was because the Brita tastes terrible with DC water & wanted to gossip around it.
He threw a knife into heaven.
You mean the whole album went into itunes as one song? Or you can only open one song?
Big time!!!!! Congrats brother! RT : NCAA D2 Salem International University as a full time assistant
Recommends learning OAuth, but OAuth is integrated into iOS Twitter Framework.
Serious question: Would you approve of getting a PS3 solely for Journey?
packed my rucksack for DoE, tried it on and nearly fell over. It doesn't even have the tent in yet!!
work and play CAN be the same at EFG.. living and breathing advertising
Rule #4 work off of the best actors in class if you can, logic: "if you play tennis with people who are better your game will also improve"
awesome. Did you mean march 21st?
thank you for the suggestion! It would be wonderful! Pls help spread the word about the badges! :-)
Yay for 74 peeps in attendance tonight!!!
May! RT : when's the new ep out?
I was told I needed 2 work on forgiveness & I've realized forgiving some1 does not mean they still don't have 2 face the consequences.
ask Jill does she ever plan on penning some type of book in the near future.
Female Camp followers had tough time in #CivilWar. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
Single is not a status. It is a word that describes a perosn who is stong enought to live and enjoy life without depending on others
Yeah. That's terrible. The amateurs.
you would think my dislike for the Jets would bother him ahhaah
Friday Humor: To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer. - Paul Ehrlich
My favorite job searching site: www.simplyhired.com
I'm excited to be on the board for #slowfooddc and get my health coach certification from #IIN this month!
I'm still shocked though.
Wtf!!! This traffic is ratchett! I'm pissed, this sum bs. Ugggghhhhhhh
I'm thinking beauty and the beast Friday! :) I'm such a kid sometimes!
hi boy!!! what's about your life?
Wroten. Wow. Good luck in the NBA.
Let's go Brew-hers!
While The Flintstone's technology was a bit rough on animals and reptiles, it did point to a distributed energy policy.
Wing it Wednesday!!! Pro Players Boneless Wings 1/2 lb $3.99 or Bone-In Wing 10 for $6.95. Add some Haystack Onions or Sweet Potato Fries!
SO ANNOYING.
drink hot soda :D
he's young right? or am I crazy?
NIOSA is my absolute favorite! How about you?
Success before work only in the dictionary!!!!!
good afternoon(:
this is my 1st ppv in about 3 years.
I love it too kinda fits my situation too good right now :P
It's Jersday!! New #JerseyShore tonight. (:
I'd love to hear your case on why they are. But let's talk about that judgment, not the idea that jornos can't/don't make them.
Meeting with a potential new commercial agent today!!! Excited for some new energy to be infused into my career!!!
Not in any of my orifices ! RT : sounds good. U don't like the salty pickle?
hey what's up your sexy I like those thighs I want to kiss em, the inside of them
No matter what happens today, life goes on!!!
Also I forgot to watch my show LLT ( lizard lick towing):)
this boy said t-swizzle . . . WOW !.
we thought u had plans to the city
Yes she is and yes you are an expert! RT : Jason Day's wife is gorgeous!
if you figure this out I need the details.
Poetry, praise, and promise, all in this powerful passage from an Old Testament prophet. Isaiah 40:21-31
So much to be thankful for, I don't even mind that it's Monday...
R.I.P Dick Clark.
It's not often that a Brewers home game ends in the morning hours.
Thanks Chip. Got back safe & sound. Was good 2 see if. IF I keep working I will Share the wealth!
We'll have to meet face to face during the forum! cheers
DH centers = a World of Gue?
Get out of the rain & head to the Artsgarden today for lunch & live music. Luke Austin Daugherty takes the stage at 12:15.
ok so YOU need to follow back(:
maybe i'll tweet today
Just visit already... www.DCAfterWork.com
Gotta love being hit on on your first day back on an MMORPG that you used to play a lot.
Don’t let your ears witness what your eyes didn’t see. Don’t let your mouth speak what your heart doesn’t feel. Unknown
Kim Kardashian says: Dating football players is 'really hard'
So Madison Square Garden is trending. You know who would be cool to see there? ! Arabella Jones -Undo It tinyurl.com/8xndlcj
Okay, nobody tell my kids I'm about to see "The Muppets" without them.
I love hanging out in the bathroom of a hotel so my kids can sleep at 7 pm
Vacation in San Francisco, very windy past 2 days
I hv mixed feelings cuz i kind of want the #lakeshow to win and i kind of want the
I'm seeing resistance at ~$567 after that.
Is speaking to Greater Dallas Advisory Board as keynote speaker on 10/20/11, 11:30-1:00, More Comfortable: Employment Equity for PWD.
Huebsch says Chief Riseling spoke to everyone staying in Capitol yesterday and personally asked them to leave.
A Cheesy happy
Thanks for the follow, Anyone with the motto of a 45 a day is alright by me. Thanks for the "Other Brothers" lInk, what a great song
the weather.... I check that.
This night is so dead
Train students to question & argue abt values, objectivity, & purpose. A curriculum organized around skill sets doesn't do this.
“: This sounds like an electronic version of ” O, who?
Gym...Putting in some much needed work!
Former UMass forward Matt Glass with the bucket + one opportunity. Glass gives #Vermont a 26-19 lead with 3:56 to play.
Hang hearts on it and call it a valentine tree. Shamrocks next, then eggs, keep it going till December! Saves time!
Back to reality,
Only a day late #walkingdead season finale
I think we get the fuckn point that there was a earthquake so everybody just shut the fuck up
that's some serious coin for an royal set of granny panties.
I hope you know your videos just make my fucking day :3
my toesies are frozen!
No, Twitter, I do NOT want to follow Mitt Romney. Ever. Geez... it's like you don't even KNOW me!
It took me 27 mins to get from Church to Van Ness
Hey everybody, time to buy a pizza! Stop in to the shop, 1827 n farwell ave.
i'll take a stab: objective: what should specific outcome/ strategies - how?/ tactics - what are your specific action items?
Watching Discovery with , what is u be doing?
I second that RT : Who's with me on promoting solar energy initiatives?
Woo! 80% speedup by importing the "fastFoo" library instead of vanilla Foo.
to survive the torrent, we must take it to the cloud!
Do you have plans next weekend? I think we need to golf.
anything in particular?
you have to have effective care which includes research!
el diabloo loco
Surprised by my love and appreciation of socks.
Landed safely in Detroit
Thanks to for donating mats to one of schools!!
Also, it's a shame I didn't have time to track down a Paddy's Pub on St. Patrick's Day. It IS quite sunny here, after all.
so y "lady" wasnt with him in 1st class? y she never in public w/him but always is?
Why oh why am I wide awake at 3am? I might as well make a quiche.
Watching Soul Surfer, amazing story. is the definition of inspiration.
"You can't be a good person by following the rules. The rules are rarely the best guide for doing what's right." at
#greatidea! :) RT : Somebody's got a birthday coming up! #PartyPie?
Updated my twitter & now it takess forever to loadd ! -__-
naps are essential. Especially out there lol
For christmas I want a treadmill.
Tonight it happens! HUGE Casting announcement by and on #Drifter! WE are excited!
PORTLAND FOLLOWERS! wheres a good place to play a show here??
is one of my favorite bands <3
Playing with my new little baby kettlebell. Even the little ones can wear you out!
I KNOW!
Team iPhone :) hell ya
RT : The greatest danger to our future is apathy. -Jane Goodall - Met Jane several years ago, an incredibly interesting woman
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear i cheated on you
it's officially not official. Just another reason to not be Braun!!
Fantastic company. I'm feeling decidedly underpublished for the occasion.
no doubt good sir!
Don't act like you don't have tempation; the only way you'll be able to stand through it is through prayer & fasting
Cheer practice really tired...
Does Alex Smith have another one in him?
You are totally going to be wrong (although I think you're right)! Blessings come in pink and blue. :)
good luck! rock!!!
The commercials are lying. Diet Mountain Dew sucks <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
aannnddd celebratory beer time
Getting started in court for the man accused of plotting to bomb Portland's #ChristmasTree Lighting NEXT
You can win a bag of samples by joining the party Dougie!
Congratulations! All the best wishes to you both.
thanks for the warm reception in this cold, cruel world.
no I did not
#mymusic makes you move.
early! i think we'll need to meet at the columbia heights metro at 8 am...but i'll check the schedule
Way too many turnovers
Signs is amazing man!!! so proud
When is #teenwolf coming back ah<3
Good Morning All Wed. Jan.11th It's all about Chicken Paprikash Today! Our 5.99 Daily Special!
I thought they planned on adding bike lanes as well
Hey, the moon has water. NASA said so and they don't lie. Let's throw the orbital tea into a lunar sea
It started with Now, here with Today, its my eleventh BETA-versary! How time flies...
Aight lets go
Experience is that which enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again
All your faves at metro center today, 12th and g with, tacos al pastor, vegan purple potato, pollo sofrito and barbacoa. Come hungry =)
#DearHair please grow out as so I can have my new 3c hairstyles!! Icky poo on relaxers!
Come for drinks after turkey! We open at seven
Today is out of control. I just want to take a nap for like an hour-ish...
thx very much, Dave.
two feet of sunshine in killbrae?? More like a yard of fog in the FC.
great shot!! I hope he comes back to Orlando in the next couple of years. Can't wait to take my boy!
It feels soo nice to not set my alarm tonight.
Awesome. "Church is not a museum for the good people, but a hospital for the broken." -
You know you're in trouble when waking up feeling normal is like, "All RIGHT! I feel NORMAL today!"
wwbed? (What Would Bob Edwards Do?)
cookies a liar. Don't listen to her.
Thanks for the follow!
I love twitter!!!!!! Mostly because #banbeliebers is trending!!!
Not the news i was expecting at all. Never saw this coming
If I get 10 retweets before I get to the haircut place, I'll get a fauxhawk
haha please we all know the truth bout which state is better ha dude I'll have to make a road trip out there! Ha
I think we should all try to be more original.
"O woman, great is your faith! Let it be to you as you desire." Matthew 15:28 music to my ears. Flex your faith muscles..Let's GO
Rainy days and Mondays always get me thinking about getting a facial...or hair conditioning...or www.hairinthecity.me
Late night #whatnottowear I LOVE THAT SHOW.<3
everybody free for dinner on the 19th?
cartman's mom, hands down.
Nick young was a snag for the clippers
that was MEAN. but hey, fuck it. n u prolly serious daz da crazy part... smh. its funny how shit changes
Hey People!! HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!!
hahaha try looking for her :p
terrific story on Jennings comparing Favre & Rodgers. Thanks! Enjoyed the read.
i managed 2 balcony together on friday release and 2 individual on prerelease day. selling the individuals at cost.
that was nuts! Dog on the fritz?
Bitch please. You wished you loved me as much as Iloveyou.<3
school is fucking up my sleep schedule. summer, where you at !?
"A person can succeed at almost anything for which they have unlimited enthusiasm."
love , ya right . more like use
Happy New Jeer to Rex Ryan and his Jets, Jets, Jets!!!
what an awesome shift tonight on the penalty kill. Outstanding effort!!
Pazzo will be on vacation until the 4th - Happy New Year!
Best thing about being right under the roof: I get to hear every bit of this wickedly awesome storm!!!
I was just told that I'm the best cracker ever :) #awe :)
RIP Patrick Swayze
Is John taking questions from Twitter tomorrow?
soon our today will be your tomorrow, Bill.
THANK YOU for the RT's about the #ChristianComedyChicks <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A4>!! Did you see our episode on ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
App Lets You Find Cheapest Electricity for Your EV
in the south, Texas Pete Rules.
Favorite TV or Movie Moms? Go! Note: Teen Mom doesn't count.
Happy First Mother's Day! Just saw you looking beautiful on the cover of Cosmo #doylestownrepresent!
Fantastic. See you there, Alan.
I missed 17 points worth today. What does that mean I have to do? Lol sounds like a terrible game
Thanks for the RT!
Natural Hair Care Guide and Hair Fall Treatment ;O hair fall
in an unrelated note, new Anchorman movie in 2013!
I apparently get very emotionally about dead composers. No laughing if you see me cry reading Alex Ross's The Rest is Noise.
WARPED TOUR ALL DAY<33333
...Oh yeah and there were some bloopers too.
Well this sucks.
I heard they signed Andrew Bogut today too?
Just finished a character building run with a great cast of characters #runla stop rain stop
Happy Birthday ! See you all soon.
If I open my own coffee shop, it'll be named The Crematorium.
Talking New Media: DoApp redesigns the interface of its Mobile ...
RT : Happy Friday! Are you seeing any #LATHTR this weekend? Which ones?
I edited a press release about myself today. Glad to say it was superb. Thanks
YES he is
we miss you too!
Its on once again 2nite #IbizaDC Saturday night HOOKUP . 21+ FREE All night LONG!!
Up Up and Away having a great sunday and yes iam a fan of Superman boy do i need the power perhaps some strong coffee
That is a good number for someone to Crank call lol:-) and do not give the credit card number...
Hahahaha this is true. Are you thinking of the same brown eyed hottie from Texas that I am? ;) hahaha
im back tho ;*
Fashion is what you adopt when you don't know who you are. -Quentin Crisp
Had to do that there. Can't afford a cheap 5 yard penalty for illegal substitution
Nobody gave to breathe so the whole internet bullied her by giving her a taste of her own medicine. HOORAH TWIITER!
Exactly. It does not make me think well of that person. At all.
To all my sisters in Christ, may god bless you with peaceful dreams and a blessed morning.!
lucky ass
I wonder if Kopitar realizes he's not in the World Championships and therefore shouldn't care
Life is all about relationships: personal, professional, and spiritual.
because I need to go to a bachelorette party where u will be in a bikini and I have awful tan lines from working in my yard!
Wonder how many kids are asking their teachers/parents/iPads, "Who is Fidel Castro?"
Hoosiers: Incredi-Plex Sports & Entertainment Complex on Plum District, Error
Attorney now speaking - says he represents a number of concerned parents.
I remember now.
iPad is a great luxury item, not a necessity. For full time writing or PC based work it can't replace a laptop.
Cooter Jennings and the horse
Romo strikes again. Fumble then a pick on a floater to revis. Same ol Romo
RT : Cassie Scallon rocked the double, winning both the 50k and 25k for the women! Great job Cassie!!
Happy Bday Punk
Like talking to brick walls...
Enjoying the VIP Club w/ after Chelsea Handler. Love it!!
Tired af! Wore out
I don't like Fridays..I'm a Saturday girl ;)
Game TIME!!!
Why am I so restless?
lol not yet, I will on tuesday
I love morning rain in the mountains :-)
#iwantyouto get addicted to success
Only Yoshimi can save us from the #singularity now.
Such a bad morning..
i think your still that kid from the very start
"Life begins at the end of your comfort zone." Neale Donald Walsch
sent you a DM this morning did you get it? Thank you for reaching out!
Thanks for the RT! Have a great day!
oh no!
Adding in new legends for #fantasy football leagues every day. How cool u can play against #tony dorsett #Ed too tall jones and more
thanks for having my back today told me what you said. I'm glad. I got your back anytime. Love you(: sexy
fuck u at
those guys who post a picture of every shoe that they have...
#BarRescue Hey Mrs. Taffer!! miss ya lots!!
yeah I like that mr. sexy conda lol. I finally watched the Boyfriend video ( a week after it came out ) lol
Visiting Occupy Boston. Still can't believe this is all happening.
Playing the same episode of baby looney tunes for my nephew , lol . I wonder do he know he keep watching the same show over & over .
just so you know, and I love you more than anything...
At yardhouse drinking ales and railing the bball. Let's go heat!!
Can't wait to play on the same line-up as White Denim this Friday... We hope they see us play and want to form a super group.
Rebels on verge of ousting Qadaffi; biggest upset since '69 Mets. Amazin'
As a spic ass pirate it makes me laugh that people still don't get it. It being a JOKE. Get over yourself pretty princess.
"right now Danny's being such an annoying"
Hill M with 2 quick goals lead 2-1 over MG.
no problem, I see your signs around #DC all the time. Do you do industrial/commercial real estate at all?
Hello. do you mind following me? I would follow you first but Im on following limit as soon as im off I will follow you back
Concur. Free limo with reservation to the Restaurant! L'Atelier is also excellent.
We never can predict, but keep checking our Facebook and Twitter!
Who cares right now?!!!! The BIG news is Mo being finished! NOT Trout AB...in a game LAA is losing?!!
The Phil phillips band.
There's never a good time to smoke weed.
Looks like 2 of the quadfrecta is complete
Giving up? The artist's name is Mickiah Wolff, class of 2000.
Finally got the apartment the way I like it.....for now. Time for a snack. Mhmm lucky charms
I am in business! Two clients, two more almost signed, need two more!
It should be. Martindale-Hubbell is useless.
Sen. Risser in red beret working the crowd at reclaim Wisconsin rally.
well be there in 10 min
Happy Holidays to all from the Traveing Guardian Angel wish the Best to everyone, Follow us into the New Year
folks need to check in at Registration first, then come to Exhibition space. Exhibits are behind trade show.
SanFrancisco music duo just became my 1201st follower. I've had their debut "Shine" for years, and yet I never met them.
you're welcome :)
kamcia <3 (: On Monday, chasing Alexander W. (; ()
Hope to meet you. Volunteering with Tim Love and then get to enjoy!
Hey Lou, a few weeks ago, by chance, I saw Kevin died on the pavement: '(
If you prick me, do I not bleed? If you tickle me, do I not laugh? If you pay me for Orioles season tickets, do I not make wagons of money?
RT : Drunk woman attacks restaurant staffer. Among us, we ought to be able to identify her....
Aww thanks! We like you too :) Y'all do some great things for this town!
C'mon guys, we need more followers! Spread the word and show some support for the talented, !
this has to be the most annoying back seat rider omg , i just wanna kick her out the car .
I haven't seen this picture! What a great shot of you and Cory Booker! He is a true public servant!
I'm crying everytime i listen to #TurnToYou you can hear, that Justin has written the song with all his heart <3” (2)
One week away Chicago! Rajiv Halim Quintet LIVE at Red Kiva!
Ed Reed makes that catch. C'Mon Adam Jones.
I hate food
Coming away from this session thinking that most ppl in here feel unhidden equals catalogued.
we have california sunshine today and i thought of my 2 fave california boys. xo
you so cray. you live 3 seconds away. if you want some, you need to bring your ass over and get some.
how old are ya? Ninnneettteeeennn tehehehhehee
the train wasn't the only thing that was elevated.
Seriously. 8 more minutes?
IS MY TWEETER WIFEY! <<~MUST FOLLOW~>>
RT : Is the whole point of the Home Depot commercials to make feel lazy? <- That or ... yeah, lazy.
Do employees feel empowered?
I like
Power to the People! BTW all people !
Why did you deleted your fb? Now I deleted mine
Perfect day for bananafish.
Check this out: bringing the tastes of coney islands from Detroit to the city of LA. I like it!
shopping for a new laptop. battle between weight and function.
"Cosmopolis" was about an egotist's struggle to transcend his brilliant mind and be - for one split second - present, and human.
thanks for the shout out!
child you tweet to much
The percentage of people performing/playing classical music over the past 6 years increased from 1.8% to 3% of adults.
thanks for making the NBY office smell so GOOD!
oh iight cool I'll keep in touch man
Awww!! Have fun!
GL, Steve!
Interesing that Math Emporium has 4 instructors for help & scores have gone up. I wonder about retention of skills.
you do it because you love photography! I know that's why I put up with the craziness!!!
tell that wife of yours. She bakes like no other
Seems odd. Don’t acts cancel dates all the time for any number of reasons?
Other than the Kentucky Derby, the Nat'l Farm Machinery Show probably makes for the busiest 3-4 nights in Louisville's strip clubs.
hey sexy what's up
staying in a restroom my whole 5th period cause I hated that teacher
"When going after Moby Dick, take along the tartar sauce!"--- Author Unknown --- Submitted by Donna --- Colorado
Thanks, Ellen!
best quote of the evening
You're cute.....but shut the fuck up! Nobody cares what you say... You're just eye candy
first time listening to music, trying to fall asleep in a long time..
"content informed, need driven, resource realistic, adventurously experimental" ref to types of #oralhistory projects i want to do
#HBCUFolllowTrain RT if y'all already making plans for your fall refund so I can laugh at you then fb
Thanks for #stutzartists love:
let's make #youmadeitweird a trending topic. Last time I peed I bed was 7years ago. I'm 29 years old.
We must somehow take a wider view, look at the whole landscape, really see it, and describe what's going on here
Goodmorning Bre,How are you doing today so far, we going to get you to 500 retweets ok beautiful xoxoxo ;-) BH
Greg I met you over a year ago at a art gallery opening. I hope all is well - we discussed #Australian #embassy parties?
I actually had a hotdog tonight in honor of you!
omg. I think like that all the time, & my hair was wet cos of the rain & it was frizzy. I like your hair too tho' :3
I'm sure a graze is better than nothing for Gregory....he'll take it!
#HowToPissAFemaleOff tell her u tested positive right after u fuck
I don't know why I'm not asleep right now.
A new co-write between Tim O'Brien and Woody. Listen to THE SUN JUMPED UP by Tim O'Brien, Woody Guthrie Song of the Day,
In haste mis-set the iron, burnt the shirt. Monday 1, Me 0.
good luck this weekend! Send me the link ASAP when it's up
Water and buffalo. 3rd ward. Wednesday.
Sometimes..the only thing you can do is #letgo and let God.
I think the world series tweet saga is more entertaining than the actual game.
Get your fish fry on with us tonight plus $10 off wine bottles!
The feeling one gets after they watch #Smash should be an actual syndrome.
Watching JoBeth Williams on The Chew!
I'm gonna miss you <U+E413>
i love you too
It won't work.
Do any of your schools use technology for the walkthrough or teacher evaluation process? #edchat Do you think it's useful?
Justin Bieber fans wait for Christmas lights appearance - BBC News BBC News Justin Bieber fans wait for Christmas lights appearance BBC N
that time i sprained my ankle and had to sit in the library all the time and some girl stole my crutches lol
This Christies/Bulgari party is bananas
I've gotten too comfortable...
be easy breezy, a guy is just trying to get his game on yo.
"Real friendship is shown in times of trouble; prosperity is full of friends."- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Twitter is boring.
that exact same thing happen to me !!
Protect your brand. In the end, it is all you have.
Out with my bitches
I said it's great..to be..a Florida Gator!!! Sat 4:30 elite eight, again. Thanks Billy D!
I can't wait to work with you and all of the other designers!
possibly, I have no idea what that is. :)
I'm in SoCal with the fam! aww sorry, that would be so fun! You gotta come visit sac sometime tho :)
Olive leaf actually helps
pretty much the same tryna finish this school year up right so i can chill for the summer
*if I was
dude that's so annoying.
RT HERE, HERE - This is a world of pain and hard work. Try to not hurt others. Share the load. We need each other.
:c we deff need a better studio, the guy doing midi doesn't know how to play drums and it blew
damn, sexy little me.
Yum! My favorite..
They're usually pretty good about sending the info to . We'll check with Col. Lopardi. Thanks!
Happy #FollowFriday to ...and thank you for the follow!
I really liked your manifesto. Greg & I have had very similar conversations!! Looking forward to next steps
Next time she ask me to pull up Ima wear dat ass tf out
love the little Coca-Cola bottles shaped like ornaments:)
basically i don't understand why we all spend our lives begging for attention in fandoms and for internet fame
A2: Taking the time (even if you're busy) to brainstorm not only breaks up your day, but it can lead to great strategy innovation
He says it when someone compliments him c:
I've got Allstate Too!!!! Good <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0090>'s Lol
"I Don't Blame You" by Cat Power: less overtly sad when heard somewhere other than a mix made by an ex-girlfriend.
I took my mother 2 her first ever Steeler game against the Eagles when the Steelers ran back a punt, kickoff & int for a td
No one will ever love you as much as I did.
What is love....
Thanks for cutting the phone on me!
I love the 'first of a kind' over 'one of a kind' distinction! not just boutiquey stuff in the digital humanities
Why do liberals slam Santorum on
u should follow me already i tired like 3874782 times to get a follow from u and u NEVER follow me:(
It was worth a shot haha BTW wanna go see LMFAO tonight?
agree with that totally. the unheard talent in companies is the main reason i hate big orgs.
When it comes to business, be loyal to yourself. Don't beleive me, ask Peyton Manning. - Shawn Mcdowell
Might have to uninvite people cause my sister has to work the next day >.<
SAT word of the day: zephyr (n.) a gentle breeze
Appreciating follows from , Cameron , & Francene
Oh come on, John. As a social media guru I would think you'd view it as a savvy move, no?
Hey, at least you have a standing offer if you ever need it ;)
Making progress cleaning this place
come on rey
yes! Like what?!
Mars is VERY close to the asteroid belt, a place full of mineral wealth beyond our comprehension
GO ON BREAK AT WORK,Get BEAUTIFUL MONCHELE CANDIDS. FALCHUK BLESS AMERICA. EVERYTHING IS BEAUTIFUL CANT BREATHE. EVERYDAY WE'RE MONCHELE-IN
We're making Storybird love poems.Next week, they can email them to somebody for Valentine's Day.
'Don't call me sir, call me survivor' lil Wayne
PRT : TONIGHT at (mtg at ), we'll be sampling some of ' secret Ruby sauce!
A2: Like said before, don't limit yourself because their is a years exp. range. Doesn't hurt to try!
The happy ending is moving on.
My boyfriend doesn't even care.
cutting the ribbon in openings of giant buildings and Taco Bells
great! Thanks for the support I really appreciate it
I've seen more boobs in the past hour than I saw in the infield last sat.
Heading to the big easy for #ias12 Countdown us on!
Bummed I'm going to miss the Animal Law Caucus talk at #AALL11 with Professor Serpell.
Beautiful example of unconditional love and acceptance. Thomas & Em Wedding (Part 2): via
There is a New Star On The Horizon. PapaJoe's Fiber Cookie Mix.Go to my Web Site to request [Sample} and Info
Chanel jewelry, iPod, cash, raybans, and the lighter is the shit stolen from my house roll call
wonder how my buddy been doing,haven't seen her awesome tweets lately
"Welcome to Pittsburgh: Where you can see a guy pick up a syringe off of the street and throw it in the garbage" (I just saw it happen)
thirst quenching tonight?
I just got dirty looks from everyone in the bar when I started cheering for the Brewers.
Thanks for the RT
"A gift blinds the eyes of the wise, and perverts the words of the righteous."~Dueteronomy 16:19
Joined today. Already having a ton of fun. 1st bk: Lazy PM by Peter Taylor
and i usually side with Madonna than Gaga but i just can't right now.
Thanks for the follow, and !
what's up handsome?
Fuck a dream i make it reality
Get that official some mic batteries! #niu #godaddy.com bowl
I'm excited about my performance tomorrow night in Mayport, FL :D
It's the catching up and bringing everything up to a state of good repair that's going to hurt, though.
We agree. Prez: "Innovation also demands basic research...Don't gut these investments" #SOTU, #research,
We're itching to get away #FF places to go & things to do
Lon, we appreciate the follow!
Don't forget to follow my homie
Should be doing homework. Learning to play Yellow Ledbetter instead.
And we're off.
Bright Lights Bigger City
Weeding observation of the day: Dog books are more popular than cat books.
no doubt. I'll see you tonight my guy.
“: Man jumped from piling into lake. Rebar impales foot. Good reason u can't swim on Lady Bird Lake. Construction debris” OMG OUCH
that will give me a chance to see him. Cool.
i like weird people, weird people who practice good hygiene. just saying.
safe travels to PDX. Cut the lawn on Friday.
The pretzels not the jerky but one reminded me of the other.....
thank TWC for sending the crew to KY today was very informative and helpful. God bless and sleep well. Praying for those lost.
Trading "apples" (farming product?) for components to create tech, thereby bridging economic digital divide.
Yep. But there's some interesting language on amounts and factor four.
Love breakfast... best part of the day to eat.
would be nice to have students comments on each other's work, no?
Getting drunk with my cousin and her man...
ha! I didn't want to spoil the surprise!
thank you for the tip. I have not approached either. I have been trying to get an agent. No luck yet!
when you wake up in the middle of the night write your thoughts and dreams down
why arent we watching this together
Sorry if we're annoying you guys but we have to start trending please PLEASE HELP US
Had the pleasure of interviewing my friend and talented artist Kyle Martin for this week's #Reedsburg Independent - on newsstands tomorrow.
wanting to jump off a cliff xoxo
so now you have to start tweeting:)
90% of businesses use social media yet only 55% have policies on social media
Hey, these are the same people you see smiling in old lynching photos. Screw NC.
I just NAILED that phone interview. She loved me.
#know12 Frank's view when coming on board as CEO was that SN was underinvested. Added mgmt, personnel, DCs, automation, cloud arch: Gen 2
Anytime! :D
Clever advertising billboard campaign by Milwaukee Public Library. "Put your face in a book."
I'm happy he's trying to make things right !
I swear the texbook buyback places on campus are run by that dude from Pawn Stars
How crucial is it for the #Spurs to maintain a lead in tonight game, especially since they are playing on the road?
Looking forward to seeing everyone down in Dallas tomorrow for
Congratulations to The President & The Firtlady on their pregnancy! So excited for them....i hope they let me plan the baby shower!
By "better" I think they mean overt support for the community, administration jobs, etc...
Amazing! Thanks. I'll have to get some fresh air.
that moment when some random kid in class says "what did we do the last day before spring break" and someone else says "piss of the teacher"
Please come SUPPORT THE SCENE and some very talented young artists @ MassiV's Launch Party, check the flya!
It's not about the lust.
I can't live without you.
Do you have a New Years Resolution? If so, share it with us!
New topic - Photos of today
: could code be considered like any other language? it opens doors, but is not necessarily essential?
I think DID starts differently for everyone with it, but more research is done that it happens suddenly.
Praise the LORD. Blessed is the man who fears the LORD, who finds great delight in his commands. Psalm 112:1
Why can't i just get over you already?!! Oh ghaaad! Help me!
:) you're the bomb!
RT : Back up on this failure thing. Encourage mistakes, but dont leave ppl floundering w/o knowing they have a net.
yes ma'am. Surely will, sounds kinda like a frappaccino from Starbucks and that's my isht
I'm ready too lol
Happy Monday! I love when Brother Jones gets really excited when teaching the Bible... Its my favorite! This man just loves the Word of God!
man just shoot me! 16-2 ????
I love it when you get textbooks that people wrote the answers on :D
You know they have no faith in you when Dillard is up in the Pen.
RT : When you guys get all heated about sports, it sounds like an asylum arguing over whose Pez tastes most like Middle-earth.
I'm amazed at how much people are addicted to this! >_>
you're tweeting! When are you doing my makeup
How did your beer experiments turn out?
Less Go !
im coolin boo, bout to get faded and head to the strip club in a few hours, how was ya day
Terrible path for UK considering they got the overall number 1 seed. Bring it!
Dude at the bar tried to start a fight with me for drawing. Said my drawing was boring him... didn't realize i was the entertainment
Finishing up The thousand autumns of Jacob de Zoet / David Mitchell. Best book of 2012 so far.
“If it is to be, it is up to me.” ~Wordsworth
In class chillin man till we start exams 2mmrow
Yes its hot! Three gatorades in already. Stop by on this sunny day and try a Delicious Reindeer Sausage! Spicy and Mild. Get free chips!
Last time I was there I forgot about the handkerchief in my back pocket. That gets you security man's hands down your pants!
im excited 4 At the Grammy's! No one is pointing out his 5 noms & how big it is 4 electronic music. #paving roads
Well damn. Once again, it's defense that's killing us. Mike Brown's specialty as a Coach, right?
sometimes I think i'm way too nice
Re: ZJ - I had a serious rant about all the "How strange that someone like this would come out of the rural Midwest!!" stories
Now I'm in a bad mood. Good job.
The ball is about to start to get rollin! Announcements coming soon that you guys will definitely be in favor of ;)
I know -.- the thing is I got sunrise at the book fair randomly and then I just kept reading from there, I love her books!
Ready to kill it today at lone lack!
So many papers to write <U+E421><U+E301>
Thanks for the #shoutout ;)
So glad! RT : fabulous dinner this evening - thank you!! Gabby loved sharing her 17th bday - food was delicious
"(Tool+Training+Experience) x Mindset = Goal/Success. BUT if your mindset is zero then equation is (00 + 00 +00) x 0 = Failure
"Young adult" is the worst movie I have ever seen... #disappointed <U+E421><U+E40E>
how does a play in game go to a 14 seed?
Me-leo .. my fiancé- aries .. amazing !!RT : #Aries + Leo = CRAZY SEX
About to start day 2 of #TED. On the docket: the crowd and the city. Hopefully we can solve these problems in short order.
that's so awesome
My personal favorite was Wuthering Heights because we just had the book and never read it...
Is it weird that a black friend of mine just told me she could be blacker?? xD
I think im addicted to naked pictures, and sittin talkin bout bitches that we almost had.....
Thanks for the #ff love! :)
are y'all coming to Houston?!?!?
I miss my old daily routine. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Recuperating from Cinco De Mayo/Fight Night celebrations watching Bizzare Foods thinking... What doesn't Andrew like? :)
Whatever you focus on will amplify -
Ugh Job hunting so much fun
Is anyone else annoyed by the constant SocialCam requests on Facebook?
Obama's oil spill...
and modest, don't forget modest!
This is the most boring superbowl ever, Man I wish those refs would have gotten the calls right. Vikings-Colts = intrest and ratings
don't let her get in your head. She cheated and left..not you. Keep your chin up and take care of the girls.
One step closer! Just broke through a major personal barrier!!! Woohoo!
On the roof with prepping for our Vertical Fashion Show down the side of the building...will you be watching on Wednesday?!
My mom ignored my phone call.
Become who you are. - Friedrich Nietzsche
We’re almost positive that all of the presidents liked their milk.
RT #quote #Christian #Moms "There never was a child so lovely but his mother was glad to get him asleep."
Thank you for sharing your story and Happy Birthday to Serenity!
I don't get Coldplay. Many people do but I don't. I feel all their songs are lacking a good catchy hook.
You just made my day even better, Thank You! :)
I haven't decided yet
Exciting things are happening at Social Savvy Geek!! We are starting 2012 off in our new office space in #RVA!!
Anybody in the Bywater/ Marigny got a truck? Need some cinder blocks.
False alarn famo...my laptop won't load the joint up. Ill do it first thing in the am.
yo holla at ya boy fam www.thorobreadentertainment.com new music daily
At nine, you check line up, and i'll get tickets ;)
what are you guys doing after? Meeting Ry at Mesh. Want to come?
happy birthday to the best point guard in the nba
50 minutes into Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy and I still haven't the faintest idea what's going on.
anyone know how to get Google Chrome to throw a streaming music link to an outside app (WMP)?
Marv Tarplin, Motown guitarist & songwriter, has died at 70 in Las Vegas. Marv wrote & co-wrote many songs, including 'Tracks Of My Tears'.
Any cios at #nascio2012 willing to be interviewed for a stateline article about public safety interoperability? Email
lol well u putting.yourself in that category as well cuz last time I checked u were as well smh lol
Austin please please please please please tweet me u follow me but never tweet me
Terrific Tuesday to all Tweeters! Simply start your day with a smile! My break is over, time to get back to the tasks at hand! :)
Happy birthday !!!!!!! How old are you now 2012? #hasbeen is a lot younger #moreloved... aren't you guys brothers?
Have fun. Aidan and I are going to the playground.
with revamped O line & those WR's to acct for could open things up for CJ & makes Hasselback a fantasy option too
20 degrees colder today than yesterday for bicycle commute. No wonder I have a closet full of different cycling togs.
THE ENDERS recording session at Sonic Iguana over the weekend KICKED ASS! We can't wait to hear the finished EP! ROCK!
it's so weird adjusting without a car -.-
Where you'll find us on 2/22: YNPN Meet & Greet at URBN in North Park! Looking forward to it!
Researchers help assess economic impact of nanotech on green & sustainable growth In the United States alone, government and private indu
damn boy. I like you. Lol.
Thanks for following!!
why u bored ?
ebay. i've sold a van and a boat on there with good success
Wow... Really?!? Todays gonna be a bad day. I can already tell.
Wanted: Your favorite #weddingcake photos!
Sometimes hitting the town at night with the windows down singing Bieber to your dog is just what you need
#Str8LykeDes.. Bout to smoke until I come down... Life is bitch but through it all I gone be cool, not gone step out character to entertain.
Going prom dress shopping next weekend. Anyone know a good place to look for a dress
RT : Haitian parents over exaggerate everything #HaitianKidProblems <~~
Chinese food: procured. Evaluation: decent. Got generally healthy stuff so (a) I won't feel so guilty and (b) I won't want to eat lots of it
The satisfaction of knowing you still think about me
Glad to hear it! Hopefully you were hanging out w !
Enjoying my #GRAND ice cream:D Yumm
Big Thank You To All The Girls and Who Have Worked So Hard On Our Gala! THANK YOU! You Rock!
That moment when you just wake up with an attitude and don't even know why
Cool analysis as to why the guy w/our new fave middle name, Friday, will be a great player. footbasket.com/?p=5540
Your welcome looking forward to trying some of your beer!
Submit to:
We're going to have a Google Hangout with the Press Secretary.
Favorite thing to see - guy and his girl in public and he's clearly in the doghouse haha.
I'm talking about in Huntington haha :)
DC Metro area? Suggest visiting Lennar Martins Chase or Camberley Boulevard or Poplar Run to check out interactive touchscreen mktg tools!
Sister's graduation. LA girl on East Coast time. Must love my girl!
Kauai has tons of great musicians! Not sure of any off hand, but sounds amazing! Should be a great event!
TOMORROW IS THE DAY, MY PRETTIES!! 6pm-9pm: Gallery Opening @ the shop! 7pm-12am: Movember Moustache Party @ Sugar Maple! SEE YOU OUT! <3
Hey bro
Great! We would love your feedback after the show. See you this weekend!
well i sat down and tried to tell my wife about my son from a previous relationship way b4 us Phx Skateboards
Come on Mom! Stop trolling the internet. I can't walk myself!
Watching love dont cost a thing .
now it's really Saint Patricks Day!
#ImThatPersonWho....falls asleep after smoking lol i be really high!
2 and a half hours left!
hey do we have a quiz in science tomorrow?
Well, taking the bus to work and or biking has saved me over a hundred dollars in gas and tolls this week.
Visit us at www.joborworker.com for more job opportunities! Good luck in your job search!
best tweet of the day
school .. lol text me. :)
So Rupert Murdoch is still suffering some longterm pain from his tabloids. Does he need more strategic surgery at News International?
Yaya it's Friday!
I've always understood it to be just something they do to pass time and get on the field before game time
well dangit.. people keep telling me that. I'm craving music with good lyrics and some say that's country. Am I wrong?
Have fun at your campfire.
Mike brown last nite coaching
kool an i live on da cumberland plateau its rite by d big soouth fork alotta mountains lol but i love it here
Did u look it up yet? U can find it in matthew.
Inching closer to the finish line. Just broke page 80 of targeted 88-90 on the script.
Happy valentines day!!!! :*
I'm done
At the end of the night, no matter what, the only person that really has you, is you.
That's the cough of a man who's too young to die, but too impatient to chew his food.
also if you notice 1992 is lower than 1994 so it could be normal fluctuation compounded a bit by rise of the web 2/2
Just asked my 5 year old what movie she wanted to watch, and she thought for a second, and said "NCIS" ... I love my kid!
We all need to hang out sometime this summer! Take more pictures! haha :)
Finally - District Day is tomorrow! Read more: bit.ly/9O1gDK
That is fabulous! Thanks!
Does the "Monchhichi" song ever get stuck in your brain? And do you have a better method for stopping it than repeated blows to the head?
I am always the silent partner
lol u know it would suxkk
So many of you are on the site it's creeping kind of slowly. We're working on an alternative. Hold tight please.
Shut up *blushes* RT : AAHH lovin 5aloof's new haircut B)<U+2665> *pokes =))*
If a person is interested in dropping in to visit you folks, what would be a good time?
Thx brother DJ! yea. There is a way to go either direction. The Twitter app for Facebook will take twitter 2 fb.
Let it Snow!!! Realizing now you need mittens, hats, jackets and snowboots for the kiddos? Sydney b. has you covered!
Glad you're here!
Ohh ok! Everytime I think I miss CS I look on twitter and all I see is drama ha
#FF today goes to and
Just getting around to watching Inside Job. Realizing how many people deserve to be punched in the face.
Could the film inspire talk of hunger and police brutality here in Panem/US? How can #socialjustice folks use #HungerGames?
Come and get it.
Its Lunch Time... come visit me till 2pm before its to hot!!
And I'm... just now leaving work so... You win. Again.
You have 18.9K tweets?!?! Damn girl <U+E409>
If results stick in Waukesha, it teaches #wisconsin #progressives that we need to generate higher numbers in future elections.
Everyone is just winging it.
That last tweet would have been so much cooler without the typo...
happy birthday to !!!!
I've been looking forward to a March12 win!
Omg. Im being really mean today. :( hahaha. Im sorry everyone.
Now following because for some reason most of my fav magazines are made for men :)
Come see us at the FGCU study abroad fair today in the student plaza/breezeway!
Carlos, in this case, never would have been better than late. Totally missed the point..on purpose I'm sure
I hate being spamed on
haha, got it the first time around. Love that movie!
I'm loving this storm, minus the whole my basement almost getting flooded in 7 minutes.
Hysterical insight from ; touching words from and a true fan girl moment chatting in line with <3
RT : Today's Fountain of Youth: SPF 30+. Esp around eyes &amp; on back of hands. Trust.
My eyes leaked as that banner rolled out.
Day 2 post Broad St: my quads can actually make it down a flight of stairs today!
champagne . word games . truffle fries . guacamole . six feet under . melting . private piano concert . homemade equality dinners . beard.
thanks for showing me that i learned something in english that helps in life... "succumb" is the best SAT word
Just got done hooping at la fitness
Saturday! Time to play! Unless you're in the hospitality industry, of course. Tip your servers well, ladies & gentlemen.
I'll do #FF's again this week, in the morning though.
I went to last 2 years, so effing good, I'm jealous- the lineup this year is great
We've been making some changes to the COTELCO website...take a look...cotelco.net
I love when the songs just flow.
#Elvis Costello, peace love and understanding...
for some reason, you look like Rihanna in your avi cousin... :)
I'm saying haha
Lol all these niggas talk about loyalty but they cheating on they girl nigga you not loyal
IM AT THE CRIB, DAVE AND JERMS WAS SPOSED TO COME THROUGH RT : where y'all at!?
I never said I understood what its like to be black. But that doesnt mean I have to believe you.
thanks for the follow :))
Of course! Welcome to Crew Soccer Nation!
Wasn't me Ro. MagicHands would never do such a horrible act.
thank you jeez just missed it and I've been trying to get explanation
Good mood
Thanks for the #FF everyone!!! How's your day going? It's a beautiful 50 degrees here in #ROC!! Happy Friday!
If irony could kill....it would revenge-murder all of the hipsters for misuse
SoCal will never be the same
NYT 36 hours in Lauderdale omits Plymouth on ice on the Busted Flush.
Recall everybody
thank you!!
Blasphemy. RT : Uh... RT I ask for Yeungling, and the waitress tells me "We only sell domestic beer."
you can have what ever you want in life but you have to take a shot at it
Happy friday
hi justin
Hahaha with all the screaming and noise making I do, I'm not surprised when I started sing I ended up with a sore throat day 1. -.-
THE LINEUP FOR RTBIS SO AWESOME ! Fuck what ya'll think.
um no thank u. U breached the first one
anytime... Never stop dreaming and more importantly.. never stop living
“: AU DWC students are in D.C. at the Dalai Lama Speech. 3 have press passes. audiscover.org”
They'll often be willing and excited to talk about it for free. And I think energy is important. It has to seem fun/exciting.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRAD ! :D
Good morning to you! RT : good morning friends! We're touring some NorCal stores today - thrilled to see...
I can see the Spark from here! and the lucky ones at
will do babe ;-)
I know they are soo mad LOL
Bachmann is purely anti-Obama
“: #MentionTo your first follower.”
We LOVE Grand #Spa, they just added 15% off all #retail to there already 25% off services!! July here we come!
I don't wanna go to school ):
is sending positive thoughts to a friend of who is donating his #kidney to a stranger at #JHMI on Monday.
Are you Inspired by ? Cuz Zac is mentionned in a lot of your tweets! LOL
Yeah But Gia Is Pretty So Thats Why She Tripping
That's great news! Thank you. RT : Really enjoyed exhibit Check it out if you can!
Man, guys, the scene at the tax free DE outlet liquors is pretty bleak
What's with all the new spam direct messages on twitter today???
Feeding Baby Bitis
Snuggling with the bestfriend>
Wear pads.
Congrats to Houston Dynamo on win in new stadium. Guess this wasn't the week to trade Brad Davis off my fantasy team. lol
so are you declawed? that might make it even more difficult
damn dude, get well soon. Continue charging!!
No matter what your political affiliation, if you're not tired of the GOP yet, please don't vote this November. Or just vote Dem.
Happy Mother's Day to my wife, mom, mother-in-law, grandma, sisters, sisters-in-law & all the mothers out there! You do more than you know.
That was sarcastic sorry ;)
It's been one of those weeks...DNS server for us yesterday. SELECT ohFUCK FROM brokenCrap WHERE shitIsFuckedUp
lol I don't wait for a rough day to pamper myself I'm a woman I deserve it errday haha
you should take a shower.
Mm, should prob have dinner...
Anything for a future Buff and I'll see what I can do.
I'll start planning your Thanksgiving menu, Paula! Can't wait!! :)
Nevermind, I can't do Wednesday. =/ It's my moms birthday. We have to hang out some time next week!
We are getting ready for our service spiritual economics, Financial Peace & Prosperity in Uncertain Times
It took this for me to realize everything.
TMZ is reporting that Bobby Brown was arrested for DUI.
When someone you love hurts you, it hurts 15686030275950595589 times more than when its just another idiot
Any time!
Repainting my stub nails aw
Am i invisible to u or r u just ignoring me? but i will never give up!:P
Flipped is a great romance movie:'D
Wet Pussy Wit No Smell A Mf
Would luv 2 do vol work 4 the Symphony, but then I'd want 2 get the flute out. A VERY BAD IDEA! Haven't played in yrs & would scare the dog.
Cause one day I'm not going to be stupid .
Thanks to , I am both humble and fearless
I am restless that night, tossing and turning, dreaming of smoky gray eyes, coveralls, long legs, long fingers, and..dark unexplored places.
Junior Seau committed suicide?!
rumor touch
that's what they said
Love my Rowena flats! A tall bride's dream. :)
I'm so sore and I have a headache. :/
Open one at a time and take turns, with a cry of "rip-tear! rip-tear," if things move too slow.
When you decide to trust God, make sure you leave your emotions behind. -
oh...yeah! lol its was good!
Beauty is the greatest seducer of man. Paulo Coelho
6 days.. Please shoot your recommendations my way.
and the IRC channel is dead. Any evidence that this will change soon?
Happy Fathers Day!
I used to really like Fruit on the Bottom yogurt; but now it just grosses me out! Where did that fruit come from? Why is it on the bottom?
Some people <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Hit my first royal flush ever!!!! And against the second nuts! Sitting on 75k.
Don't send me #branchout requests
The worst feeling ever is seeing ur mom cry....
#ITEC11 Join us in room "I" at 4:20 for a presentation on digital media with
Up Gunner Up Arsenal..<U+263A><U+263A><U+263A>
maybe they can even go with denis?!
It's my kid's birthday today and I talked to him yesterday and didn't even say happy fucking birthday I seriously hate everyone so much.
GEAR GEAR GEAR GEAR GEAR
Frosted Flakes audition today!! THEY'RE GREET! LOL...
thanks for the follow!
One of my favorite days of the year is tomorrow.
I'm doomed!
Book between April 30 and May 30, 2012 and save 10%: MGM Grand Las Vegas "Save Now. Pack Later" *Now, a little pl...
Today is a day of some much needed & deserved self love pampering... Hair done #Mentored now mani/pedi. I'm #fancy huh? Lol
and I refuse to reinstall it cuz I don't wanna loose my CC. -____-
English is, I can't even speak it right haha.
am. Find a good shop. I'm getting another too.
are you flipping over to #CougarTown at 8:30?
the show? or me? LOL
My 18 month old son climbs more stairs in a day than
does anyone know about the buget and how it effects the youthin different ways in public schools in the city of pittsburgh
OH WOW! I'm SO PSYCHED. 140 characters cannot contain my excitement. I can't wait to see you!
(cont) And other song will not be accepted. Post your video on Youtube and email or tweet me the link. We have exactly 20 tickets.
RT : Sometimes an #Aquarius need to stop fearing rejection and learn to share at least part of their lives with others.
Be happy w/ whatchu got! RT : Couldn't have done this yesterday? RT BREAKING: Obama backs marriage equality
I would pay to see a movie but never a grain of grass! Hahaha
Day 49 #no coffee: Making a a pro/con list for drinking coffee.
you well your gorgeous budd (: lol I'm be voting for you 24/7
Don't be jeals. RT : I will rip your face off.
Watched on show. My favorite combination of health and food science. Please collaborate more!
haha! That's what u get for working out instead of waisting time with me!
Definitely just saw you outside of Milk Studios.. Didn't mean to stare you down lol
When companies use obvious free fonts.
awww thank you for your kind words ! :)
Kenneth Gartman and Rosena Hill both from speak on about their upcoming show Podcast v318
My tumblr page is legit.
Full cast rehearsal at 5pm. Private coaching session with talented actress auditioning for touring production. Busy and lovin' it.
100 years was played at the very end of Graduation today.
Well you are welcome to join!
okay :D followed
First u want me then talk about how u were single all year then say you wanna know #oomf more tf
I don't either truth be told.
Yepp, my aunt just got a Katy Perry cd. Happy mothers day to all
Just have fun & enjoy life!!!! :D
Finally made it to Atlanta, 5 hours later than planned. Hate that. But the bed is comfy & it's past midnite. Z...
It's me, dumb ass.
love you guys.
“: Who wanna goggle my nutt in their mouth tonite?” fuck I do babe
could you please tweet me I love you so much!!! :)
Don't let your man refer to you as his bitch... Its not a honor.. Next he'll be treating you like one
Any advice for Americans traveling to Beirut?
im finna fucking explode if she don't answer i swear to fucking god
wow its funny how you always say you gonna treat somebody but u always have to do it online
yea! Thanks I sent you a DM
:) so happy right now! Yayyyy Kings!!!
Join the #SocialMedia Speakers Series on 5/16 w/ me & ! Follow #PromoYou :)
Chateauneuf for sure!
Final read-through: 6 minutes 46 seconds. Title: "The Last Day in Atlantis" "I feel like this one is fun, if not funny."
On average, 16% of your fans will see your post. You can use ads to promote posts and reach more of your fans.
My man goin in on Mike Brown LMBOO!!! How does he ignore Kobe that long?
Got my new iPhone 4 ! It is so beautiful :)
cuz I work out girl! This didn't come naturally lol.
Follow Me Please!? 29
I know the technology behind he's concerts are amazing
It was a joke, sadly. :(
I think Itunes and Amazon are great. Are you for or against SOPA & PIPA?
How are you!?!?! Are you and still in Denver? My rents just moved there and I'm thinkin of Grad School in CO!
Band road trip all day. Just arrived in beautiful Carmel, CA. The beach and the bay. Cray cray cray.
Mortgage Rates Fall: the average rate for 30-year fixed loan fell to 3.88 % from 3.90 percent (record was 3.87%) Take that to the bank.
not much, wbu?
thanks!! which track was it?
What how did I lose 10 followers :( sad
are you sure you didn't look into a full size mirror? Haha
For once some insight on Inside the NBA lol
Forte is a beast
Packing for my journey home to #boston Loved my visit to #Dallas #Texas for the #NACWE #]Inspired Women Event
Mike Michalowicz is one of the members of our Faculty. Did you know he started his first business at 24? With no experience, no...
Great quote from an Interfaith participant: "There was nothing 'great' about the Great Depression" #olderadults # seniors
yo! It;s ur gurl Erica If u haven't followed me yet u shud follow me now and i will most deff. return the love <3
Had an amazing time worshipping in Rushville tonight.. It was a perfect night
im dying cause i hear you saying that in your fucking voice and your foot shaking and you putting your hair behind your ears
Atlanta bound real SOON!!! CAN'T WAIT TO START FRESH!!!
Really enjoyed "The Top 5 Social Media Networks" webinar with this morning! Replay available soon!!
nice freestyle Robert :) follow me?
RT : back from a CD release planning meeting with - i.e , , & - new music soon!
Knowing that tomorrow will be the last day I get to see you at school.. Ever. <<<< <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I'll take my winnings now. Thank you much!
Sleepy ! How was yalls day???
In the airport bar at the 2 minute warning!!
#IWannaKnowWhy you haven't made plans yet to come to for lunch or happy hour today! 1/2 off drinks 12-7 and 20$ open bar 6-9!
Exploring Paris! Hopefully heading to the louveeee!!!!
daily show - last night's debate. "I know him"
that's the hardest class for me. It's my lowest grade :(
Did you know?The gold color on the #ANC Flag represents the mineral&other natural wealth of #South Africa, which belongs to all its people!
Are we really headed for a #Kings #Coyotes WCF? I'm... a bit stunned.
Premium on Facebook starts w page post
Founding an Etsy line of embittered, sarcastic stamps for grading creative writing. Put in pre orders by replying, please.
Follow me back! is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!:*
i think you left your bag here..either you or tanner.
Sometimes I wish that I lived underwater, and people think I'm crazy. They still haven't noticed that swimming is my life.
Thx!If i can be of any help, . Lets empower new learning.RT I gave a nice shout out to Symbaloo at
Whose on your team? We got the sun
Just like that :)
If you don't have a good interface, your ideas will die. #Facebook understands how users use the platform based on consumer testing.
Iknowright! I sorta accidentally read the last page so I knew it was going to happen, but if I hadn't...sudden doesn't cut it
I'm over #KimKardashian. #KateUpton is my new celebrity crush :D
customer service definition
It's zombie-like at this point, right? Uh uh uh-uh-uh
« Just taught my kids about taxes by eating 38% of their ice cream.» Haha!
This organization is made up of LIARS. Promise of gift card to sign on...never honored. Called 8x's to resolve, No help !
you're on Grey's Anatomy!
that was some oldskool flava back then, they had like 2 hits but where everywhere that year.
Frozen cappuccinos= GOD.<3
Quality questions create a quality life. Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers. -Anthony Robbins
Can I please get a shoutout?! :)
It's gonna be an awesome time! Beer, brats, music and tech!
#RichardBranson Poised Creation in Dallas would like to pay homage!!
So tired I just wanna sleep really tho
u are the one to judge a guy lol
I Wanna Meet You !
has he, yes? does he, no.
well this sucks. fml
Capital City Sports is your adult sports headquarters!
right know im jamming to 1 direction that what make you beautiful <333333 so far im loving it
I don't think I ever saw this pic!!! Miss yall!!!
Yay for the JEROME GRAND HOTEL getting RE-OPENED :)
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe That Josh Hutcherson is and forever will be very, very sexy.
Seldovia, which is by Homer, Alaska. Picture south central Alaska.
That's what I thought; just making sure. I'm still figuring out what's what when it comes to academic jobs.
Yeah we next up.
you should have ran it dick head.
I have the last 3 years. My dad has gotten them every year since they started doing the lottery.
Laptops for Kids & Teens will run from 4:00-5:30 today, due to the dance class. We hope you'll be able to join us for both!
I am so upset that I did not get down to see Dr. Weyeneth when I was in SC either! I would have loved to see the quarters
So, A Charleston Affair is underway! Greeting alumni friends at School of Business with shrimp and grits and champagne toast.
It's crazy how quickly you can fall out of love.
ha! Yes, those would be cucrabers.
I never thought I could love someone this much
That's like multiplying by a negative number, right? RT : The fake called me a douche.
where can I see them or buy it?? Please RT thanks :)
why is not loading?!
Funny thing is, only running does that to me and I love the high. Besides evil thoughts, I also think about pie a lot. ;)
I saw the #loveless story & think I can help in raising funds w/ a cell phone drive to raise $$, just an idea
You know who has a rad job? Helen Cho Love her colorful tweets from behind the scenes
Once the little one falls asleep life is better.
ew, i would never build my life around anyone else. not a child, and especially not a man.
Kick-butt personal training in Central Park this morning with the incredible Julie Fisher!!!
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
On my way to San Francisco! Great times will be had.
Congrats! You won some free tea! And, it's not your grandma's cuppa tea, I promise. We know you will love it!
Thank you !
Thanks that would be very helpful. See you Sat. Some more Tribe Called Quest?
hey everyone
Wyclef's not profit YeleHaiti is asking for donation of $5 dollars by texting the word YELE to 501501.
If she's amazing she won't be easy. If she's easy she won't be amazing If she's worth it you won't give up If you give up you're not worthy.
I hate how all of my friends are brakin up or gettin dumped by there bf/gf
I am not a spambot, just following and today
We're still (always) looking for submissions of all kinds: culture essays, film and book reviews, travel, fiction. Check out our subs page!
then again , theres times where all you can do is wait . . #smh .
there's a bingo sheet? I want in.
C'mon now, we all know Shane Battier not about that life.
hall pass do u like this bro?
patient, you must be...“: the FOURce , the FOURce. where's #twitterYoda Aka when u need her?”
Great quote! : If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it. ~ Mary Engelbreit
no I am spending the night at my grandparents house and going to the purdue game tomorrow!!
I was just wondering, what are you thinking of naming your baby?(: I'm sure your baby will be absolutely beautiful!:)
5-hour energy really works... Zip Zip Zippppppidy. Dragging no more.
Y u acting blind man
Thanks Corey. I think I owe you a happy belated bday. :)
My home smells FABULOUS!
Rammstein is playing at Tampa Bay Times Forum this Saturday!! Considering to go...
Girl,ur myfriend since i was 5.why u forget me since u hav bf?sadly,i wanna tell u bout love,but thats too late):
Some people are so vain, they probably think this post is about them.
I would like to say that you are the TRUTH. I enjoy partaking in your wisdom and knowledge, especially with you being so young!
<----omg just had a heart throb moment avi lol nice
Future direction for #highered #students: mobile, personalized, unbounded by time/space.
YOU HAVE THE COOLEST MAMA EVER!..i LOVE Mi TEE-TEE!...
Ha! Likewise my friend...glad to hear all is going well for you and the 11 flips ;)
Hey #sm4np! Check out , #LGBTQ teens from , using SM to educate about HIV, safer sex & empowerment!
#FF love back at you all!
Prevent, Recognize and Report! April is Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Month. Learn the signs and signals that will help you recognize
In 's household, every Tuesday is Fat Tuesday
Love that story! I bet many memories were made on that boat!
i do have one more grand child and his name is sam. funny how you forget that we all started in diapers and we will all end in diapers.
Rick Santorum, Republican candidate for the GOP presidential nomination decided to quit and end his bid to become U.S. President on Tuesday.
It's not every day you hear your mother-in-law say, "I'm glad I didn't forget my vaginal cream."
instead of multiple exercise machines inside of a gym, there should only be a ton of bedrooms to fuck in. favorite way to sweat, same diff.
Nice and you,Nicki Minaj and Justin Bieber.Dont you just love Nicki's new album?Whats your fave song?
did you enjoy your voice mail from :')
When I wake up it will be time to BEACH IT UPP.
Beautiful day for #CrownRoyal race festivities. #MathewHansen with military & brand VIPs
Tributes all around!
where are you going to college?
Looks delicious! What a nice way to enjoy a Sunday...
Motto of the railway mail? "The mail must go through," a phrase that gets me through Wednesday to the weekend. :)
Game on, it'll be Rotties - Synth, Maulers - Asa when action resumes momentarily
Alright stop, collaborate and listen.
This say is going by so slow already and it's still only 6th period #killme <U+E113>
outside lands - friday? you there? are there in's and outs?
I still wouldnt take that anny line.
Getting ready to put my model self together. Never strutted a runway. Could be interesting for all involved.
i'd greatly appreciate if you could explain this a little further.
Hah. I could be the first!
I'm not a fan of being wide awake when I should be sleeping and being sleepy when I should be awake!
St. Mary's vs. Salisbury!? Good one.
I just "marked as read" everything in my inbox... over three thousand mails!!
No one can take away what they haven't given you.
Consciousnesses ... Is A terrible Curse
holla at me if you dont like the mix.
People get caught up with the people they think they should be and lose sight of what they really are and what they stand for. Its so sad
Today, you were a good day. Good work everybody.
<3333 we play planet trog next month! That's pretty close!
actually I'd like to send it to my work address if that is okay on Monday.
Hope you all are having a great weekend, my best wishes to you all
When the packers lose, you get upset, when you get upset, you blow off steam, when you blow off steam accidents happen....
I feel like saying something funny but i can't omg
Thank you so much! ^.^
Dog shows seem to have replaced horse shows #litchat RT : Are horse shows no longer society events?
DailyHookahTip#141: Mix flavors together, like cinnamon-apple, apple-mango, banana-mango-pineapple, or lemon-mint.
Looking for affordable Bare Minerals cosmetics in Austin? You found us! Stop by any of our stores and experience Bare Minerals for yourself!
Thursday has to be my favorite album
I am wondering if I am crazy and liberal enough to run for the Republican Nomination for President!! Yes you read it right!!
RT Whatever Jim Dever!!!! You're The Best!!!<<<----Nonsense! Big Lo is THE BEST!!
Wish my mind had a switch... Or a zipper or something.
a girls heart is not something to play wit,its something to take care of
Pro Hoops Review is proud to announce that it will be holding its inaugural East Coast Free Agent Camp in Charlotte, NC August 6, 2011
Sometimes a concept is baffling not because it is profound but because it is wrong
Good day at #school <3
Note on that last tweet: Most votes in Dane and Milwaukee counties have yet to be counted.
It was a great day in Downtown #Indy viewing the art at the TURF exhibit at the old City Hall.
Really really really hope man city win.
Butler is building a nice brick house tonight
Ew? Have you tried ze oyster?
7PM at Skrappy's 191 E Toole. $7. We will be supporting A Step Ahead on the last day of their tour. Come out! RT RT
Nice! We did the same for the SuperBowl. Enjoy!
Followed back. :))
Auction drafts really tell you who you like and really want!
Oh got it -- different game. :-)
I'm sorry but I think thats terrible. I'm sorry that happened to you
Latino guys have to have some of the nicest cocks imaginable. Haha, I love Texas!
Ricky just regripped his clubs. Said he loves it. I think I need to
Youkilis to begin rehab start with A Wednesday. :)
follow please? ;)
i think im better off by miself...... still w8in on this 4loko
Tonight #dogthebountyhunter is on I can not wate
I'm in love with one of my best friend's...he has a girlfriend....
RT : Be faithful unto death, and I will give you the crown of life. Rev. 2:10
If the Dolphins drop Beck, the Steelers should strongly consider picking him up as a backup or third string QB.
Tonight at 7 New life in Fair Oaks. Can't wait.
Hanging out with a bunch of 13 year old girls
Due Date with and
Its monday a new week Fresh start .. Get it right n Check out www.whoistrillogy.com
REAL HOUSEWIVES of BH tonight, Love it!
yeah....one step ahead of you prof....or maybe two ;)
Thanks for the retweet. :)
Does it count as a jinx if I RT this? RT : NO-HITTER ALERT: White Sox RHP Gavin Floyd has held the Red Sox hitless through 6.
The Dead Sea is "dead" because it has water flowing in but not out!
Laying in bed watching #bridesmaids, HILARIOUS!
working again today til about 830! Hopefully I can get out early!
Great! That's right it's earlier there. Well have a great day!
View some of your amazing "Success Stories" online at www.baldfacedtruth.org HELP US. HELP YOU.
Lets dance in style, lets dance for a while, heaven can wait we're only watching the skys -
hey you're back on the twitter!
Off to bootcamp w/ but am still sore from last week. On the way #nowplaying The Cure Fascination Street.
I think Backstrom is the one pouting at home ;^)
At my grandmas! I love her.
I will be attending CIL 2011 #CIL11 to meet data-driven librarians. Let me know if you'd like to grab coffee.
We were told our dog wasn't house-trained and he was and that was one of the reasons they abandoned him.
I gotta know you now, we may never meet again. I gotta know you now and then...
Up and running. Can you contact with more details? I'll take a look!
How's Everyone Doing? :D
you're fucking annoying and you needa go home.
“: They say for every higher high theres a lower low” Don't mix uppers and downers. I think that can kill you.
are you looking for the milky ways or are your kids!!
watching the #VSFS and so far im loving it...time to get into shape
FYI - I introduced Wiz Khalifa in 2007 to the REVIVE kids on MYSPACE!!!
so confused.
It's that time of year again- Lilac Fest!
I love how you said wrasslin like in south park. Haha WTF
Better late than never!
Yes indeedy! June 10th is the day of the dinner :)
she only wants to eat lunch. Aw man.
If today were Friday I would
+1 RT : Only in America can Doogie Howser grow up to be a judge on SYTYCD!
+ 1 RT : Big ups to those working tirelessly to change public opinion/policy. After yesterday's step back, step forward today.
No record deal but people play my records still!
Game 5 in Los Angeles #Lakers vs
Been wrapped up in gigs, schools, & recording. Music is a grand life!
is kind of surprised that Obama fluffed the oath (or should I be?) Also that his speech is less inspiring than I would have expected
Ha! Sounds like me over the past few days!
Happy Mother's Day to my incredible mom Alexis, mom-in-law Betty, grandmom-in-law Elsie & all of the mothers & mothers to be out there!
ok goodnight twitter for now at least until these lakers fans get the opinions out<U+270C><U+270C>
If home wasn't always such an insanely busy agenda, maybe I would enjoy it more
so my beard doesn't count?
Twitter makes class go by fast
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 12
I dunno about MLB - seems unlikely, the way things are with the Beavers. Im focusing on that for now, and haven't heard much lately.
#sexual immorality So, no to Gay marriage but sex b/w priests and boys gets a pass
Man accused of sitting in passenger seat while 10-yr old son drove just bailed out of jail. We spoke with him. Updating story for 7 pm
aww thanks Erica!! (:
shared language is essential to the formation & long term health of a community; definitions >> community
so aquarius&Libra have great sex, how do they get along outside the bedroom
3-D Without glasses coming soon!
Guys. I am the only one in the theater who screamed and clapped and laughed hysterically. :(
The walking dead is a good show(:
Not sure yet... It's my daughters birthday! Go figure right?! I had her at 7pm on St Pattys day & 5 weeks early :)
'Magic Mike': See new EW cover!
have a safe flight!
I agree!!! I listened to them and annoyed my older sister when I was little :)
Sounds YUM! RT : Making Bruchetta with Garlic with Rosemary Oil. Delicious! Recipe will be posted soon.
Finally Obama has the cajones to say regulation is good.
I said fuck a stupid hoe
LAST MINUTE CANCELLATION! Party Bus just came available for tonight Saturday December 11. Call now for deeply discounted rate! 405.447.2446
Word on the street is Embury is coming back soon:)
The most wonderful, miserable part of summer: the smell of other people grilling.
Yeah, I wouldn't even think about Valverde today. Should've let Benoit pitch the 9th yesterday. He was looking good
I wish someone could explain to me why a grown ass man is not able to point aim and keep his pee in the bowl! Geez!!!
Virginia's unemployment rate at 5.7%!! Yeah
I have gotten some really great news about my work in the past few weeks. I am really excited about the direction I am going.
...u are right, I attribute it to you being so old you heard Ben Franklin originally coin the term
wtf are you doing in New York & how are you paying for this trip?!
If no one supported me except GOD, I would still succeed. <U+2665> Rom. 8:31
Oh my God! You're pregnant!
That moment when your staring at someone and in your head pleading "not next to me. Not next to me not next to me" & they sit next to you.
came by to see you today but was told you were out. Joann took good care of us
And lightning! It's amazing. Miss it. RT : Absolutely loving the thunder right now. Rare occasion in SoCal. Reminds me of home :)
Fantastic! One of my favorites. RT The LA Times Book Prize for graphic novel goes to Carla Speed McNeil for Finder.
what are they protesting? can't tell
This abilify commercial is not a sketch?
I could really use some more followers. I've never had more tweets than followers and it's stressing me out. Can I get a #FF?
Men made this, but God made men. So He still gets the glory.
hey Caden how was ur day?
Has anyone attended any of the events? I'm thinking about going to the fashion show on Saturday.
Tonight's #mubb game showed me the boys need to work on ball handling and rebounding before the
RT : Don's tweeting! Follow him at
biggest sean in the littleist state!
yo r u spinning anywhere tonight
Omg , Dani is such a ratard !.
I say "Oh my God her body" literally everytime I see you this season. You look AMAZING!!
I'm good. Taking things one day at a time. U?
Finally! A jacket-less day in NYC! How has your Sunday been?
I'm going to enjoy a glass of wine to celebrate a long day of work.
Thank you to #uptownalley in Surprise, AZ for the hospitality to ! Check them out! Soo cool!!
Yeah, Hyatt's was league 2/league Hyatt/Jan Brady league
Suddenly it's dickey weather in South Texas.
I have to admit, Biden is an awesome story-teller!!! ... ESPECIALLY when he's drunk! You remember the one about him and Barack at Freaknik??
I haven't had much time to be excited about tonight's show w/ , but one spin through "Raise" fixed that.
Hi, Love your site - is it dead now?
Loved Torchwood: Miracle Day! Hoping we get a Season 5.
So it appears people are already lining up for registration a day early for rw24. Maybe ill just be a spectator this year,
There are just some things that I cannot address. I cannot handle them and will continue to do so poorly. I know not what to do here.
#twitter updates take time to propagate. Does periodically #cache results for faster serving, shortly delaying new content?
lol yeah whatever
Regular jogging shows dramatic increase in life expectancy
#2012 is going to rock
Hope to see all of you Lash Lovers Tomorrow :)
Scariest drive home of the year on Neil Ave. RT #Juggalo lineup is only about 10 deep so far. Is the cold scaring them away?
is all salty because my mom has pictures of me in her wallet and none of her <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> I try to tell her I'm the fav!
Eating at Tru to night with I've been wanting to go for a wile, thank you for the opportunity. I am very excited!
Haters shake my hand but I keep the sanitizer on deck
umpire spitting gum on Bobby V. Major #yuckAlert. Great highlight for us though.
No high stick!!!!
Pub-->bar-->marshalls
I agree - but they are installing dimmers ASAP so will be the same dark, cozy pilar!
first preview performance of lyric is waiting, by michael puzzo....THIS THURSDAY JULY 30!
Sarkozy Re-election Bid in Trouble Nicolas Sarkozy could be the first one-term French president since 1981, with the first round of votin
Thank u...miss u too “ happy birthday to my all grown up freshman baby. I miss u”
Welcome & thanks Love sharing thoughts.
Yards & Comp% have NO bearing on winning football games (FACT: see Cam Newton). TD-INT ratio most telling. Guess who was tops
I am reading Cocktail Hour Under the Tree of Forgetfulness by Alexandra Fuller-- J.L. Powers'
When im depressed i cute myself .... A peice of cake
Seeing your punk'd episode and going insane. I laughed when you were "talking" on the phone :3
Kudos to for his continued support of immigrant rights in America.
God bless the family of Whitney Houston. I'm sending prayers their way!
oh no! I hope they do eventually go away....
hope all is well in the Land of Enchantment. Cold today
My Sunday just got soo much better!!!
Tight All Star Game. Nice work by the Seatown reps
I need a shot of you on the rocks, cause im on my very last drop.. So can i get a refill?
will do, thanks!
theyre fattening and oily yum
that drives me CRAZY!!
4 more to 100! We can do it! Show some support for !
WWW.COLLEGEBASKETBALLRECRUITING.NET
All my songs are available for free Download...Thanks for the suport
so i might get a job at an italian restaurant nights and work at J.P. Morgan in the city days, i'm gonna have SO MUCH MONEY
Why does it seem so wrong that she only wants her timeline jumping?
the immune system is evident
I just got robocalled to phone bank for Walker with Mitt Romney...Uhh, no thanks.
"This one is for the ladies who lookin so amazin'" finally BTR dedicates a song to us...
no, leave Wednesday the 25th
Another day of fundraising tomorrow! Time for some rest now! Goodnight!
is heading to sound check at Tipitina's! Tonite Only - Groovesect feat. special guest Chali 2na of Jurassic 5 with Swamp Grease opening!
hate to say it but lie. Tell them at fro t first visit. You'll get first visit buttons and skipped ahead in some lines.
you were so excited for the finale that's why! did you see it? rupaul is making us sweat!
If Nicks in Dallas and I bump into him i'll be saying that Loves him. :)
You see, I Was going to do this AP hw. Then I realized I lost the paper. So I took that as a sign not to do it. And now I'm going to sleep.
#InstantTurnOn Child bearing hips
Did Jay or Silent Bob make an appearance?
You are definitely a #Taurus if you banged in at least 1 of these places #zoo #church #plane,
Versailles organizations empower few while disempowering many. Letting them eat cupcakes will not solve the disparity.
Well? Are you exhausted? Any fan favorites? What did you get me?
Did u ghost write for anyone if so who?
You left yourself logged into mine! Payback-
it was nice to meet you.
Suffering produces endurance, and endurance produces character, and character produces hope
Still fun to poke at though. And softball season is a mere few weeks away. How many nights you playing? I am in 3
Last show is tomorrow, In George, Washington today. Who's coming out?
haha awesome! I will do a dance in honour of our new friendship :)
I feel like #nussie I'm to real not to like
Coming to College Day at Fenway tomorrow? Show your college ID at Jillian's/Lucky Strike for BOGO bowling or one hour of free pool 11am-5pm!
im sure you are doing great. NICKYBALLZ LOVES U BBY
If you're trying to think of ways to loosen those hip flexors, we have some thoughts...
I don't care how old you are, Mario kart double dash: best. game. ever.
'I sit there thinking how much courage it takes to live an ordinary life.'--Colum McCann ('Let the Great World Spin')
Sitting in empty new apartment waiting for movers
Just had to tell someone that submitting a FOIA request via fax is totally '80s. I mean, come on .... really?
New Music Alert! Dropping Next Week...Ladies Stay Tuned!
My head hurts. Lol.
"That's when you just need to switch it up and go streaking, or something." Thank you, for your words of wisdom.
Does the desmond howard heisman pose through your timeline
Everything will be ok, just in a ton of pain right now = ( It could have been worse though!
Thats whats up! So are you in?
Man I wish I could watch the fight tonight! I think Pacquiao gon win!.
Its Kind Of Nippy Out Side
btw everyone even though u guys might not care im not 19 I only put that to get twitter, but i realized all u have to be is 13 xP. I am 13.
Next on the at 4, reveals his top 10 value picks of 2012
Sounds good man. Hit me up anytime after 615pm
Never been so confused in all my life.
let's shred later
Getting ready to leave for Sandcastle. Will have pix on Facebook later :-}
This week I'm goin to DM the info and what it be about.
- I would imagine that they'd expect him 2 be fine too, but would B interesting. Must B a scout on here somewhere.
Yo :D we should hang out tonight YEAH school today and i effin hate someone there :| backstabbers, karma is there.. wait 4 it
being an apple otaku
Forevers gonna slow you down.
Cotto ain't got nobody with him
Why isn't there more fire in art and photography? If captured at the right moment and the right way, it can be memorizing and beautiful.
so you guys are having fun?
Wed Feb 15th is great -- how much time would you like?
was trying to fix Seneca... Just stopped in to chat for a few. I wanted to hug him
nice one... I heard ULTRA is going to Korea in August! Maybe we'll meet there! :0/
SPOTTED - D&D aka Brandon Todd of Splash News at Washington Dulles this morning, maybe an arrest warrant for them when they come into DC?
We had an epic weekend of video shoots. The first one will be released soon, and we can't wait!
Good luck!
I told you
Your tweets always make me realize how great God really is. Thanks!
Well welcome ! Make bring you out soon and now will have to pay a visit to the BREW CITY.
I have faith won't, especially w/ Uncle Sam's tutelage
(Sanford and son theme) settle down now it is time to watch the show, it is startin don't be licking me no more matter of fact could you ...
I am making progress :) slowly but surely. I'm actually trying some people out the rest of the next 2 months for my project
The officiating in the Ashville game is incredible
Lol she's so sweet!! Nice meeting her!! She's just proud her baby graduated
EXCELLENT rationalization! Thanks!
If you haven't already, don't forget to set your clocks back an hour. Nothing like gaining an extra hour sleep. Ah.
Reading "Super Rich" by Russell Simmons. This book is powerful!
we are looking forward to it too! Really enjoyed #Scon12 this year.
I think I just learned how to sync ny twitter and fb accts...
yea i hear you good point
Description of 's 1st place winner, In Time: "Makes a funeral accessible via an online digital channel"
I'm a huge fan #pray is my favorite song also #neverSayNever and #baby are my top favorite songs
Biggest Loser makes excellent #exercise videos when u can't make it to gym.
Thanks again all followers!
Watch present March 13
Any New York Yankees fans out there...how did you find the game??
ONE DIRECTION WAS SO AMAZING AND I JUST HAD ONE OF THE BEST DAYS OF MY LIFEE<333
A dream is a good thing but a dream is for people who sleep. But u need to wake up and turn that dream into a vision and make it a goal
can't you pre-write CB? At least a little?
i go to your school if you dont know me im the tall 7th grader :)
RT Prezi puts the resent in presentation.
hate those. glad you made it out alive! ;-)
This explains why we have so many stupid leaders
gave some chocolate kisses to eiko. this tickles me pink.
This is driving me crazy
You Follow I Follow back...vice versa !
Dear Fed Ex express van 246073. We seem to be on the same am path. I see your horrible driving. Deliveries are not worth killing others. Ok?
I stopped watching after they dumped the body
You ain't been following me before? I feel so used. Lol
don't know if you heard, we got our FCC permit for our permanent FM station
A link's anchor text may be one of the under-estimated resources a webmaster has to utilize a hyperlink.
Relax, Breathe.
the fire of defeat burns hot & bright as the flame of victory...risktakers know this & use the energy to fuel dreams
The power of a great teacher
fine, I'll be independent and get it! Haha
Alright, school librarians: preparing for a 2nd interview, any advice or questions I should prepare for/ask?
thank you!!
loosen up to draw; use the intuitive feelings & let body move; aim at something & throw a line, drawing made easy
it's fine, aha (: thanks! You'll probably get emailed tomorrow!
if you follow me on instagram I'll love you forever and ever. Like really. It's CharlotteMaggio <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
And has a propensity for ankle injuries?
RT : ": she isn't a yoyo... you can't just pull her back when you need her, then push her away when you don't -_-"
Thanks for the follow. You'll be happy you did!
Mondays are a bunch of bull.
I jus need ta vent...
So happy to be talking to Sarah Fantasia!!!! Finally!!! <3
Maybe a pedicure will make this day better. It's worth a try, anyways.
not awkward at all, but funny. It involved cuties.
Alright this will be an even better birthday if can wish me a Happy Birthday today!:D
Happy Birthday!!
"Googling yourself is important, especially when you're looking for a job," says "And try every platform!"
There are 11 people with my main character's exact name on Twitter! Am debating following a couple of them...
thanks for the awesome eyebrow wax, yet again. you never fail me.
why be single? What's out here? Std's? Lies? Deception? I would never want to get back out here.
yes! One of my favs :)
Don't Miss it-- "Integrating iPads into the Math Curriculum" workshop TODAY, 12:30-2:30 in LIB 301. April Welch of IIT will be leading.
I'm so 2008. I'm so 2000-and-late.
A Change has to occur!! #RealTalk My potential and destiny is in my hands.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the need to get a whorty qb to save them from damnation
i haven't been on twitter a lot, but i'm on a lot more often than i actually tweet.
Dots is my new favorite store <3
RT : Excited to speak on student panel 4 newly admitted grad students! Always eager to share my love for !
Who's ready for a new song?
yeap! You're welcome
I guess; I'll just be obnoxious
I baught a 30 pack down here for 11$......plus it has a mich 10 cent refund on it. Gas money for my trips home!
Woah, holy shit! I would LOVE that, totally don't have space though :(
Want it? Go for it!
Reason #268 why the #Bears suck! #onwisconsin RT: Looks like Bears did not sign either Philip Welch or Kyle Wojta
Roasted bronco meat emits a tart, yet woody fragrance.
Congratulations there Father, oh Mother, oh Paddy (neuter). Lol. Have a lovely experience and may God bless your new ministry.
Tyga is um....BOSS
#InstantTurnOn boys who are really athletic.
so true! my Pastor just taught the differences in relationship and fellowship how we can have a relationship but no fellowship.
we all playin cod together?
aw... Happy Mothers day
At doctors office for Angelia
that sounds so fun,,,,NOT haha
5 bucks says he comes.
Church! Exciting day 2day :)
Dragons Blood incense smells so friggin good.
Can you all do me a favor Follow and and follow and Thank you ~Angelina~
I want to storm the castle but should I attempt such a feat alone?
i dont believe in 11:11, i believe in having faith
let's set up time!
the same reason y u was hyped last time and pulled a disappearing act this game lmao
Can't wait to check it out for our next trip!
Imma need people to stop contacting me if you have nothing to say. GET OFF MY LINE!!!
Check out Amanda Falk's () cd "In Between the Now & Then." She sings "I will Exalt" on voice/lyrics!
Smile your on camera
|| | www.micromusic.net | || radio is now fueling this paper drive.
Good call by Frank Vogel saying the Heat are a bunch of floppers. Of course he could insert nearly any team in there b/c everyone flops.
FU Dallas Inferno LOL oh I mean FC my bad
Using a red ink pen for edits should be banned. My pages look like they've been through a blood bath.
Starbucks Run, :) Happy Saturday!
#idRatherHave A ROOT CANAL THEN GO TO WORK
Yeah Colin, I get it. You don't like the midwest teams in the playoffs. Get over it. Go back to sucking up to the East coast
Not as lucky as some people who got to see Niagara Falls and Toronto! :P
im in love but not with miami lol
RT : JAZZFEST TODAY: (Free Show!) “Swing Kids” w/ Dominick Farinacci & Tri-C Jazz Studies Alumni
#DearMonday What are you doing to start off your week right??
it was so amazing!!!
Dear everyone, actual things being sold in foam-form is the actual thing with lots of space in-between. It's less actual thing.
already have IT
yeah nigga yeah just eat and run Lmao
welcome hey u should inbox me ;)
thanks nah
#random...but the only two country singers I like are Taylor Swift and Carrie Underwood
lol yes (: haha how you been ?
- fashion star is going to be a HOT show!
i got 2 heat tickets for sale for tomorrows game vs. OKC
Not just yet. Still trying to reach a certain threshold of panelists. Thanks for your help so far.
..then take the mixture in a glass bowl and heat over a pot of water on high. Beat mix until thick (20mins). Let sit. Delicious Custard.
“: #southernthing I know when to say Oasis” well.. say it louder then..
I havent been this happy in awhile (: and its all thanks to her! She is the best!!!!
Checked the Neue Haas site for the fifth time. Were you involved in the project, and If so, will there be a case study?
we just be having fun over here! We'll I mean I work take care of my daughter and do me on my own time #EverythingIAppear!
DJ's that say Happy Hump day drive me nuts!
you both are!!!
Thanks ! Hope 2012 proves fruitful & fun for you! (Enjoyed reading your Dec 6 blog!)
Look n for a Fun Dipper tonight... I can't feel my face....
I'm digging the vibes man.. Keep it Going yo.
there you go you cock
When you log in to your account, go to home tab and look under direct messages. Thanks for the follow!
To my twitter followers just want to wish you a fantastic day and also I have had so many new follows I havent said thank you to all of you!
"Absolute silence leads to sadness. It is the image of death." - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Hey will u text me I have a question 267-296-9746
just look at her FB and I got the best men hunting swiper down officer T.J Hooker and Ice Tea u wanna help find him
Want tickets to Book of Mormon? A friend has had great success with last minute tix on StubHub.
i guess .. Lol
House of mouse: first opened in 1955.
woo woo jac russo has played with us too!
thanks sis! :D s/o to my numba!
just mixed your track into Episode 5. It's definitely a
Great sense of history - that was 1954!
On the 950; Libya - from Rommel to rebellion. Old london pal George Joffe & formeer US Charge. Hour 1
ahahaha Sorry!!! Lol I was coaching a girl for the Charger Girl tryouts. It was hip hop/jazz :)
I'm starting to see why the #Browns signed Gocong to a big extension, he just keeps making play after play
WTF Wednesdays at Davenport Lounge SA!
My twittascope today is completely relevant and touched base on the EXACT thing I was pondering already.
I would say A until you B.
Another Day in Paradise #still breathing
Yes finally someone else <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
trying to get to 100 tweets. Quick! Give me something interesting to say
St. Elmo's fire...memories...RT : Rocking in the Ford fiesta listening to st. Elmo's fire heading to a big meeting
I hate BB perhaps the worst option for course sites available.
And 7 teams within 150 miles of Cincinnati. Nearly 8. #stupidpurdue. Cincy is the basketball epicenter of the universe.
Trying not to think about But she on the brain! Follow back Sukie!
Good Luck from Baltimore City Firefighters L-734
Ginobli blowed a break away dunk
$15 Hair Cut and Shampoo for first time clients Today! Add a blow out or deep conditioner for only $10! 702-823-4800
Yo Love the support. Much Love Homie! Thanks For coming!
going to get to get your car <3
Yeah, Yeah, Yeah
don't make a promise you can't keep!
My headphones are in stop talking to me
im feeling the worst feeling possible #sadness its now brads fault but i wish someone would have told me
Yes I have a request. I want you to tell me how the Gamecocks' football program is the best ever.
I just found out that #Ghostbusters was a knock-off of #HueyLewis #IWantANewDrug. (devistated)
I loved that idea...so cool!
really really really
How's everyone doing today, almost Friday, who wants to #GuessJacksScore?
Yeah Yeah x3 today was my last day for school.. I finished 3 weeks early ... I DID IT!
Who else from Florida has Reading FCAT tomorrow?
Enjoy!! Keep it #fresh :)
I can tell you firsthand that LE HAVRE is a very enjoyable film.
Aw crap dude. Sorry to hear that. I'm sure that's not how you wanted that to end up :(
what you doing
I love u too ariana grande your the most beautiful girl I have ever seen =)
returned it. Rented #haywire .
It's used...but it's mine!
Have I ever told you I don't care, Good because I really want to get it across
When I told her I didnt want to be firends , I hope she cried .
Come out to Blues at the Bluseum rescheduled for Sunday, June 26th at the Balloon Museum! We've just added Tijerina, w/ great Chicago Blues!
at Chipotle Mexican Grill
More reason Brenley should be manager. He saw the defense while #Cubs coaches were sleeping! #WhyBunt?
Dr drew gone. 55k
the hate comes with the territory bro. Ppl hate it when u doing good n they doin bad. Just let em do they job
Fuck the Celtics! They are ass.
needs to find a use for #googlewave!
Clearly, not much since I'm peeping grilled cheese blogs.
do you ever make shapes out of the clouds and lets your imagination go free? Hm?
Good luck on your business presentation tonight tonight.
If you were a dessert. What kind of dessert would you be?
#VEGAN RECIPES DISHES# FOOD
dude she fuckin loves you bro, i dont get why you're treating her like shit now. lol you're hellaaaaaa dumb
In that circumstance, I must send its calls straight to voicemail. To god. Identical to your view on one James Posey...
be the change you want to see in the world
And seeing that exclamation point after sending my last Tweet made me feel like Twitter is mocking me.
would be the best thing that could happen. I really love u Christian<U+2665>. come to spain!!
We abusing refs now?! Really?! UNNECESSARY
Thanks :)RT : #AssWednesday shout out to
Yeah dude, Saga has been great thus far. Stoked for the new issue today.
I'm glad thought it was as funny as I did when he thought 18 for 39 was more than 50% last night #LSU?
want some? They ship! Though Im pretty sure Aussie customs would intercept the eff out of them.
Some say when you do your part God will do His. Nonsense! Jesus said, "Apart from Me you can do NOTHING!" (John 15:5)
Karma is just now nipping at the heels of your hater boots.
you look cute as a button in your twitter avi. :)
I never get to sleep in anymore. :P
YOUR SO AMAZING SO PROUD OF YOU WILL MAKE MY DREAMS COME TRUE AND PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK <3333333333
"GOP Admits They Have No Obamacare Alternative" #huffpost I think it's called: NO HEALTH INSURANCE
we made new friends from the Braves Bark in the Park event
despair, all is despair
My pleasure! It was wonderful catching up!!
life of the 1-person-business: I've been painting vintage baseball cards, called tobacco cards, onto a new baseball design for like 96 hrs!
road trip to the #305 with me?
